@celinehlbk BAN! Please don't die! 
@celinehlbk ohhh don't think about terrorism! i dont think it could be that, cuz if it was the world would now REAL FAST!  idk..
@celinehlbk yeah its awful! i cant even describe how they could be feeling in this moment, that must be so painful 
@celineleu well I have a lot of homework  and what you gonna do?
@CelineVillonco really! yayyy! i'm with gica and leica. awww. we aren't classmates though. 
@cellcousa It's no joke this time: It is with a heavy heart that I have to let everyone know   It really is canceled this year. More soon.
Games aren't the same without Lebron  I miss him man...
gametrailers stream now completely down 
Gaming got cancelled last minute  So have to wait another week to unleash my Shadar-kai assassin and the insane minotaur brain in a jar
ganna go  pick my brother and sister from school  No school ans its monday !!! 
Garage sale is kaput! All remaining items now temporarily at the DI  http://twitpic.com/6a5zr
Garage sale-ing with @aly0413. My car died officially 
Garbage workers on strike. I can live with that.  Liquor Control could strike on Wed. People gotta drink during a recession.  Oh man 
Garden center said to use cotton seed mulch around my tomatoes. Now there's cotton sprouting!!   http://yfrog.com/58l19j
Garden going well, almost all the corn and peas are up, no onions or beets up yet though. 
Garden needs rabbit proofing. Gah! first time they've nibbled my garden up 
Gardened &amp; watered.  Found a fourth nest in a fern on my porch... hosed the little guy right on out of his nest!  I put him back. 
Gardening for me today, lawns and hedges, 
Gardens of the Night.  Crazy movie.  Kinda sad.  
GarfieldNZ AKA Luke Fencewalker, no one can walk a fence like me... unless I falls off, den I blames the birds, dey makes me fall. 
GARGH look at the time! Still very awake. This is no good. 
Garmin Nuvi 350 keeps prompting me to buy the map updates. Keep saying no. It's response? Much longer time finding my position. 
garrrr, just scoffed some doretos, now i feel bad 
Garry's having a fab time at the Festival Hall - 2 performances successfuly completed and the Cocqs rocked. Heading back home tonight 
Garter Snake monitoring done for another year. I'll miss you, snakes.  Weaselhead area is gorgeous today!  Pics here  http://is.gd/K8Xc
gary papa died. if you're from the Philly area u basically grew up watching him on Action News. very sad 
Gary passed out LOL I think I should draw on his face! Because now I can't go out to eat anymore 
Gas is $3.09 for the good stuff. 10 cents more than I paid last week.  It's true, Hawaii prices are the second highest in the nation 
gas is back up to $2.65  
Gas leak scare @ work....yack shit smells like rotten eggs 
Gas needs to be cheap again 
Gas prices and not finding much to sell killed me last month. May tanked.  But June is busting out all over!
Gas prices are going crazy again.  
gas prices are sucking again. 
-gasp- FInch is having a free show at the Glasshouse tonight...! 
Gathering up my signs and flyers and going to do an Open House for one of my listings.  Too bad it's raining. . . 
Gatwick airport before 7am is just wrong  got at 4.40am,, miss Roo &amp; squidley diddleys soooo much
Gatwick north seriously sucks  no pret's , no no.1 lounge and too many small persons
Gauging from the wait at security at san diego lindbergh field airport I'd say we're losing the war on terrror. 
gauravs' in pune  the boring-meter at home just went sky high
Gave away my wabbit.  I hope he doesn't eat her.
gave Bella a hair cut, she looks like a poodle. haha... I miss my Freakmont Friend!!! 
Gave MCN a copy of Detours. Wish i'd had notice i would've given em a copy of the tfpf sample dvd.  
Gave my mom a nice card for Mother's Day, and she just laughed and walked away. 
gave myself a blog day-off today, and ending up doing jack, and no Star Trek too - what is wrong with me?  - perhaps tomorrow...
Gave the dogs a bath today.  House now smells like wet dog.  
gave the worst exam of her life!!! 
gave up after 17 holes and four rain/lightning delays. Shame, too, as I was playing well... weather just wouldn't cooperate today. 
gave up having tomorrow off for nine hours in work . 
gave up on art---&gt; feelings of guilt  not looking forward to studying in the holiday...
Gavin just threw up again, my poor baby 
Gavin slept throught he playdate  poor little guy
Gawd i really hate the rain. 
Gawd so sad to see Asiid Crew lose in thr 5th ABDC episode. 
Gawd the clouds are dark again 
Gawd! My laptop is fucked up now! System Error?! Just using my Lil brother's laptop. 
gawd, everyone hates me. 
gawd, I can't run any games on my Super UFO! 
Gawd, I wish my cat would just be quiet 
gawd, i'm so awfully tired 
GAWD, I'm so tired still! I have to move out of here into my new place by 5:30 PM, cause I work.  So stressed! #FB
gawd. Start of Classes Tomorrow. ugh. not really excited. Goodbye unlimited online hours. 
Gawdd So Bored!! Most Embarasin Happened Yestadai..Cant Face Nowan! 
gawdd today seems like its neverrr ending. I miss LA 
gawddamit... tuk an hour to upload a new twit pic - just to end up bein the wrong one 
Gawsh there is not enough characters :/ i have no phone ' till like, next week 
gawww, why is facebook being so slow? 
Gay bar without my gays is not the same 
Gay fiesta in the Motz street in Berlin! Today and tomorrow! And I have to work 
gay my stomach kind of hurts 
Gay parade in nyc, cant make it cuz of check in. 
gay people having culture shock at pride makes me sad 
gay, theyre not having a muggle prime minister in the film, or billl and fleur. 
Gays aren't supposed to be fat.  LOL!  http://twitpic.com/6uvgi
gazillion things to do shucks.  ima stressed oh yeah
gc.com is under maintenence 
gd mornin' twitterworld! let today be a nice day and tomorrow please, too! I need it!being hungry and missing my bed 
GD owes me hugs.....    ..... Ugh no its okay boney hugs won't make me happi.. I'm still upset... i miss PARIS!!    :'(.. i cant sleep!!
Gdragon doesn't sing that much anymore. He's always rapping.  I want him to SING.
Gearing up for a tainted love filled Friday!  ... and home in time for a barbri filled Satruday 
gee , somehow, someway, I have caight a nasty cold ? No antique show for me tomorrow  Nyquil tonight 
Gee I'm totally hatin' this , like for real ! I mean like, duh ! I've studied enough, and all that I need is refreshing tonite ! Hard ? 
Gee thought I was being productive today and realized that I forgot to start on my 10 loads of laundry 
Gee, I'm starvinggggg need some healthy food but I can't found it here  http://myloc.me/40Nm
geed man  i din sleep annd i had 2 wash dishes  gayness 
Geee we totally forgot Mr. Gareth Gates!!!!!!!!!!! what were we doing ohhh he's claaaaaaassic!!!!! 
Geeeee....... Here comes the old witch. Bye bye bright sky, so long sweet dreams. And say hello to the nightmare 
geeeeeez this day is goin by so slow!! n im mad cuz idk why my emails stoppd bdin sent to my phone 
Geeez I guess I will go to bed since my twitter is so slow....  
gee-golley, actionscript is so complicated. 
Geek Squad came. Said the power strip on the TV is out. We will be TV-less for the next 10 days. Basically...no TV till after  the DR. 
Geeking out.  I don't want my surgery today  so nervous.
gees , i have a media test tomorrow 
Geez i wish i was at this years WSOP, watching Masterchef just isn't the same 
geez i've so many favorite bands that i don't know which is my favorite  lmao
Geez my picture still missing  math exam was COOL
geez why do u have to be SO obvious? 
geez work was shit today 
geez! i hate it when i miss you that much! it makes me wanna call you and see you so bad ... ugh! and i hate the fact that y CANT! 
geez! rain please stop.. i need to go to the mall 
Geez! Y am I thinking of u? I'm not supposed to!  
Geez, guess it's time I get physical fax set up. Brand new in box for about 5 years. Spent afternoon trying to send fax from computer! 
Geez, how dare I 4get the last day of school was 11:30 dismissal. Yes I'm on my way. 35 yrs old &amp; still getting yelled@ by the principal. 
geez, i heard that sims 3 has leaked on the torrent sites. poor EA 
Geez, I really hate this sickness. I CANT EVEN TALK PROPERLY!!! :'( I wanna be at school with ma friends. 
geez, we were just riding the Red Line the other day.  at that point on the tracks, trains would be going full on.  
geez, when did gas hit $3 a gallon? 
Geez, why can't TwitterMail just shorten the URLs, rather than point to their own full version? Very offensive. Now they own my tweet 
Geez. This whole weekend felt like a holiday. But sadly, tmr I have sch. 
Geez.. In pain!  want it to be sunny already. Had enough of the gloomy weather.
Geez.. my boss got back.. I thought he will never came.. 
geez.. so much time...  but  nuthin 2 tweet about   soooooooooooooo  bored
Geez... bad night. 2yo got sick in car, yuck, up all night sick. Wife getting it now. I HAVE to be at the office by 8am. 
Geez....... hockey is over with till October. And I'm bored already, don't know what to watch on TV now 
Geez...last day of school is Friday &amp; I forgot. 
Geez...need to start packing. I don't even know where to start... 
Geeze my phone is broketed!  Going to work at 1 :/
Geezee, I was so close to being in the A 
geezz woke up again at 11:30am half the day gone already and flying to USA tomorrow 
Geezzzz, Hummer going to the Chinese, what's next on the list, the Vette??? GM, you suck! I'm a F..F...Fo...Ford man now!!  #fb
gemma did that bad times 
gen Y always lets us down 
Gene isn't coming in till 2 
General Psychology - Prof. Gruezo, she asked us to make a letter to our 'rents..  i guess we're all emotional that time..
Generally freaking out about how little time I have to do everything I need to do. 
Generator at the COP just got replaced. 105 with no AC or power for a few days. My chapstick melted all over the inside of my pocket 
Genius bar appt not until Staruday.  I hope I can survive without my iMac. Wonder how long it would take them to replace the hard-drive.
Genius with Dave Gorman is awesome and I missed it all 
Gennaro work and hayfever....  hopefully new board should come today! http://ff.im/-421j1
Genomics can be frustrating at times  Damn those SNPs...why can't everyone be the same..?
Genuine ink cartridges are so expensive, but I don't want to use crappy replacement ink. 
genuinely hoping the weather is good for #glasto...  but fearing the worst...  
Geo disappeared from the face of the earth. He's a loner  so sad. We should pray for him. The family that prays together stays together
geo-defense Sidelines Level is making me want to throw my iPhone 
Geoff starts his first overnight shift tonight.  Not a fan.  Don't like sleeping alone. 
geog exam this afternoon going to fail 
geography AND english tomorrow 
geography assignment 
GEOGRAPHY COURSEWORK!, DUE IN TOMORROW 
Geography papers are so boring!  I hate revision!
Geography Revision, Boring 
geographyy revisionnnn  2 hour exam tuesday, not looking foreward to it :|
geometry &amp; theology finals tomorroooow  night
Geometry lesson: circle's area = pi(r)^2. With r=4 and 4=(1/2*8) gives pi(1/2*8)^2=1/4pi(8)^2. Thus: cookie with 2x radius = 4x calories 
George (T.R.Knight) is leaving Grey's! 
George dies and Izzie lives in the season premiere of Grey's Anatomy - so sad  (via @usweekly)
George is (officially) out, Arizona is in  well...reading spoilers @ 7:45am, listening to waves breaking on the beach, drinking coffee...
george is performing at wembley tonight, i wanna gooooooo!!! 
George Lamb has survived another night. 
George lopez movie that's coming on tonight is the highlight of my day. The three hour wal mart trip planned is the bane of my existance 
George Lucas...It's funny 'cos it's true  http://bit.ly/sPNah
George o'malley is leaving grey's!  - http://tweet.sg
George Tiller should not have died.  R.I.P
George went to the vet yesterday  but is going to see grandma today! http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/4820860
George, Devin, and my little bro are watching &quot;Whale Wars&quot;...it's just too sad, I can't watch 
Georgia is vicious. She hurt my hand.  Hahah.
Georgia Williams is sleepy because of the weather and going to miss Sarah!  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/67742
Georgies sitting up by himself now yay! &amp; teething big time not yay 
GEORGOUS day Pittsburgh! Going for a run then spending the day studying 
Georgraphy is boring!!  any way of gettin out of it??
Geraldine has colic. Now that the horse vet is gone the hourly checkups through the night begin. 
Gerard needs to come out to the world already. Stop denying your homosexuality, Gerard. 
germaani fill, here we go - ablaut, umlaut - all I know! nooooooooooooooot 
German Government got squezzed out by bancrupt.GM. Billions of wrong spent money 
German in 2 days! 
german oral revision isn't going well 
German parliament votes for censorship in the internet 
german television is very boring... 
German test today  Amy doesn't have to go to school any more, the exams are over! Not fair. 4 days till Cocoa comes!
German today... Lies. 
german weather not good again 
Germany just adopted their internet censorship law 
Germany, no sun 
Get a new one nxt wk!!! 
get back to studying 
get back to work 
Get better soon Amy! We send you love and Cherry Slurpees. (via @BroadwayGroups) Thanks!  We will let her know... 
Get 'en next time Magics 
Get friend code 4 my game.I tkae 2 1 persome but they got off 
get got teeth pulled 
Get me to 12:30 fast! Also I love rain on any day but Saturday 
get my car tonight.  damn my lack of licence tho 
get my headache now 
Get outta my head, outta my system. Get outta my heart.  http://plurk.com/p/11wqiy
Get owned me 
get prescription, clean bathroom, study 
get stuck at work while everyone is about to go to bed 
get stuck. and hope for some help from my saviour, Allah swt for my unpredictable math test tommorow 
get the fuck out of my fandom, bitches 
get to see the love of my life ever so soon but not soon enough 
get together at 4, must clean! Dad is gonna help me with my new gazebo and there are flowers to plant, but first my rainjacket. 
get well soom mom, love you 
get well soon my demitra. i miss you 
Get well soon, Rufus 
Get well Steve, and good luck in your future. 
get well Susan Boyle 
get your Hummers while stocks last, #GM is going under 
getin bore 
gets really tired of Zyrtec 
gets so lonely at night. 
Gets the f'in hint 
gets the goodbye email 
gets to cut grass all day 
gets up too early 
Gettig ready for Mindy's party in the morning....I can't believe that she is 10 already....where did the time go...my baby is growing up  
Gettin a route canal tomorrow... SCARYness 
Gettin Dressed For Work And Slappin @plies ! that's makin me better right now. im hella sick blood 
gettin dressed listenin to Adele then off to study ALL DAMN DAY! 
gettin dressed! shopping n cinema tonight... feel really down today n lots on my mind 
Gettin' Fat Straws w/the hermano  Teeth hurt like balls 
Gettin glitter n shit in ur eye...no fun. Ouchers 
gettin into VM too much, if my stomach had a face it wud b  atm. not goin 2 skool. stupid broncitis! bed soonish..
gettin muh hurr did tomorrow.  give me stuff to do before CIY!! cell isn't working.  message me for anything.  can' wait for transformers!
Gettin my foils put on...can't beleev only 2 months left with my love  its goin by too fast
gettin my hair done in a couple of hours  im sad coz i dnt kno how its gonna turn out. on the bright side its bright outside do yaay.
gettin my last hour of work n so i can go chilll n the sun ... wait ... its f****** cloudy 
Gettin my nails did....the most relaxing thing I've done today. And now I gotta do homework!! 
gettin off for tonight, going to watch a movie or some E!  looking at more colleges online tom. p.s. is it just me or is summer DRAGGING  
Gettin off the twitter 
gettin on now cuz i might not b able 2 l8tr. dad's home 
Gettin packed up to leave &quot;home&quot;   we luv`d our visit wish we had time to see everyone we want to ! Not enuff time in the day ! Next t ...
gettin pretty tired! i have to work at 6 45 in morning!  no good!
Gettin ready 4 party still.......people gettin here in bout 8-10 minutes...........................TWEET!!!!  Sorry @Toe u can't b here 
gettin ready 4 work  i really dont want 2 go!!!
Gettin ready for acting class.. Should really be getting ready for church though 
gettin ready for bed! lookin forward to physical therapy soon my back and neck hurt  boo hoo
gettin' ready for bed... have school tomorrow 
gettin ready for ceo's &amp;&amp; hoes with my girls... wish u were here thow 
gettin ready for college and its rainin.  english weather 1 min its hot the next its rainin 
Gettin' ready for Mosaic.  Looking forward to it.  Also looking forward to being not so snotty.  Arg!
gettin ready for skewlio damn i got finals 2day 
Gettin ready for some dinner at Mai Tai! Saying goodbye to some awesome friends on their way to Japan 
Gettin ready for takeoff, Danny has a crazy amount of legroom and I'm stuck in the bathroom row  at least we are going home!
gettin ready for work ..jus cleaned my home..its hot i need a ac in here fuk 
gettin' ready for work... 
gettin ready for work... got a craving for starbucks but there isnt one on the way... wtf... in ny theres one on every block... 
Gettin ready for workk.  hopefully it goes well today.
Gettin ready i go home 2day but i dont want 2 go home ill never c my new family again 
gettin ready t go t work 
gettin ready to clean my closet because i never really fully unpacked when i came home 
Gettin' ready to go get blood drawn today  I hate it soo much! But it'll all pay off in the end...i hope!
Gettin ready to go out in the rain 
Gettin ready to go see my probation officer, what fun 
gettin ready to go to sleep wish these clothes would dry soon!!! 
gettin ready to go to work, boooooo hate working 
gettin ready to head back to va...i shall miss you MIA 
gettin ready to leave  !!!?
Gettin ready to leave  This trip up north was the best one yet! We put the jet ski in and got to lay in my dad's new hammock! It was fun!
Gettin ready to leave America. 2 Days left. 
Gettin ready to leave for work i just wanna go back to bed 
gettin ready to move some things back home 
gettin ready to schlep it to Virginia...i don't wanna leave Nashville! 
Gettin ready to settle in w some roman history since I can't watch the truck race  @ourracingdream keep me posted k?!
gettin ready to work the moonlight concert in mackenzie park.... hope it doesn't rain on us 
gettin ready. went out last night with some friends from work and had a blast. i gotta work tonight. 
Gettin ready.... Then school 
gettin rily, rily hurt!  i know dat u luv her!  and she luvs you 2! tnx 4 telin it 2 me!  try 2 consider my filins 2!  h8 it! im f ...
Gettin some fuel, too bad no one is reading this! 
gettin stuff done for school...ugh...preparing for not having a life for awhile... 
gettin stuff ready for another day of class 
Gettin wet.   Rainy dayz 
gettin worried.. too much sylabus to do 
Gettin` hella iRRitated...been tryna go to sleep for sooo many hours now this is not it 
Getting 4 prints framed - Â£230.   art students should get a higher student loan, this is so unfair.
Getting a bit nervous about howm many bookings I have for next wedding season.  Need a studio and need it soon 
getting a bit sick of sundays  or rather the person i work with bring back my lisa i miss fun sundays 
Getting a blow wave at the hair salon. Missing Kaela. She's the only one who loves my hair 
Getting a chocolate dipped cone from the mcdonalds in atlantic square cause the one near my house didn't have any. 
Getting a cleaning on tues then getting a tooth pulled on thurs. Then gotta schedule a bridge that might need a root canal--ugh. 
Getting a cold, what the fff... I hate being sick 
Getting a freezapop with @jessicachambers and she beat me in our twitterrr race  a
getting a headache  SERIOUSLY i wanna go home 
Getting a headache.  Oh well, I want to @reply to people!
Getting a hedgehog today!!! Wish I could see it before I got back 
getting a little headache 
Getting a little sad soon I won't see my highschool friends anymore. My good friends, yeah, but the others, probably not.  Weird.
Getting a little stressed over getting ready for vacation... I always leave everything too late 
Getting a little tired of trusting people only to have them fail me over &amp; over 
Getting a little too loud.  Ears are shutting down and it's all loud noise.    Darn hearing loss...
getting a little worried as my prom shoes haven't arrived yet 
getting a lot of rest b/c i don't want to get sick 
getting a make over was the plan, but getting dark wasn't...  few hours of cricket under our sun and your a gonnar in the color department
Getting a manicure and then smg. 
Getting a new license photo on a day my face is exploding from sunburn isn't exactly flattering 
Getting a pedi and they have some horrible tween tv show on the tv.  Wish I had some headphones for my iPod  
Getting a shot 
getting a splinter in my foot out  omg cries its so deep in
getting a suntan with textbooks of journalism methodology... 2 exams&amp;15 pages of bachelor essay left!!! hate this week 
getting a tan today? probably not, im too white to absorb sun 
Getting a tummy ache  I want to go to the park soon 
Getting a veg box and some fresh crab &amp; ham delivered today. A bit worried about them sitting in the sun for ages if I get stuck at work! 
Getting all cleaned up for family party. i want bed! cant have bed! 
getting an award in school :| shood be happy about tht but am not  need to walk on stage infront of everybody 
getting annoyed at the Beejive IM spinning wheel of death. 3rd reinstall in 3 days? When will 3.0 hit the iPhone app store? 
getting annoyed with no cable..watching old Laguna Beach episodes. sad we wasted a trip downtown 
getting another migraine 
Getting antibiotics and being treated for bronchitis  should be better by sunday. Praise the Lord!
Getting aquainted with my drain plugs in the #Jeep with #ROC weather. Didn't replace the rear window last night   #dontcheatmothernature
getting back on here 4 a bit, checking in...shout outs 2 @ryanthogmartin @funeralfuturist; @mgodoy75 sorry about your kitty 
getting back to office on a Monday after a totally unscheduled off is so .... err.... Sad 
getting back to work 
Getting back to work, can't tweet all day  Tweet laters -
Getting beat by brenden on mario cart wii 
getting blown out by 5 and having 100+ bottles of wine in the house is not a good combination 
getting bored at office !!!!   i hate coming to office and doing nothing at all .. eehhh
getting bored in office 
Getting bored sitting at the hotel room the entire day 
getting bored... where are the usual twittlers??? even the pak-eng match doesnt interest me 
getting boring with her daily 
getting braces next week..... oh god they are going to KILL 
Getting braces next year  But, my mom is getting this $30,000 dollars braces. There not like the metal one. There some special kind :/
Getting breakfast and headed to the airport. Bye Montreal. 
getting breakfast then more walking for hours   (//__^)
Getting caught up on paying bills after vacation...no fun 
getting choked up watching Queer Streets on Logo. 
Getting cold tonight.  Glad I am inside.  Maybe should put some socks on.  A little bored 
getting completely thrashed at cards 
Getting dinner ready.  Family having a nice lasagna while I have bland white pasta due to a case of Gastro 
Getting dirty texts!!! Verry dirty texts  someone wants me ovr I see....too bad I can't make it
getting disappointed.. 
Getting ditched at home in the middle of july while my mom and sister go to cuba...   boooo
Finally able to fit all the wine bottles in the luggage. Gonna be hell of a haul back home tomorrow. 
Finally able to lay myself down and get some good NEEDED sleep. Wished baby was here holding me  Nite twitts!
finally able to lay out and @rachelfenner i miss you already    no joke
finally able to lay out! wooo hooo! and @rachel fenner i miss you already   no joke!
finally able to lay out! wooo hooo! and @rachelfenner i miss you already  no joke!
Finally after running errands since 8 am, I am done!! Yay not really cuz now I have to do homework. 
Finally another boring week at school past by , Computer's HDD Might be busted won't boot from it. 
Finally arrived at work, kids everywhere for transformers 2, popcorn everywhere !!! 10hrs of pure joy awaits 
Finally arrived. Camera took a dive onto concrete...again. 
finally at home and working on some homework. my laptop crashed so now i have to use my parents desktop which is really slow... 
finally at home but I don't wanna be in this stupid nowhere land I wanna go back 
Finally at home. Chillin. Called tmobile. Options.  blackberry I love you since the moment I first layed hands onyou.
Finally attempting to go to bed with Azima while Ruhee is on the floor. 
Finally back at work! What a wasted week that was 
Finally back from the stupid holiday ! Missing the fit bar men though 
Finally back home after a long ass day... Jeezy leaves friday, and Im soo sick like Neyo said. What am I gonna do w/o my best friend?!? 
Finally back home after Bonnaroo. So sad it's all over.  Someone take me back!
Finally back home but no sleep and gotta start working today 
Finally back home from camp. Going through three days of missed work. I MISS CAMP 
FINALLY back home! Cancelled flight in DFW. thanks to my dad for preaching for me this morning! I really really missed church today 
Finally back home. Had a great time with the family but I always feel tired after the two-hour drive back. Now I need to start packing.. 
Finally back in Cincinnati after a wonderful week in Lexington!  Getting ready for my first day back to work - this should be fun 
finally back in the H 
Finally back in the US. I miss London 
finally back n the bay.. twin babies cried the ENTIRE duration of my flight  super tired!!
finally back online - have been too ill to sit upright, let alone use a computer. 
Finally back online.  My IP profile is stuck at 2000 at the moment though 
Finally back!!! Twitterberry messed up my phone  let's try this one out
finally back, going straid to bed... Wish you could go with me 
Finally bed time. Waking up in an hour. 
Finally bit the bullet and looked at my 401k 2008 performance. No change. To the dollar. Despite having contributed thousands that year. 
finally blogging again ... sorry for the 3 day hiatus!  muchos family drama 
finally bought the books for summer classes. yay  delzer
finally bout to be home n gettin some sleep..bout to leave da aunts house....shower den bed...n 4 more days of skool...shit sad yo..smh 
Finally broke down in tearz, this city hates me  miss my friendz 2 
finally broke my exercise bike this morning   urgently need a new one...hoping to pick one up at lunchtime!
finally catching king of the hill dang EST biased tv world lol &amp; trying to do grad school research 
Finally caught up on Lost only to realize season 5 isn't on ABC.com 
finally caved and bought a little journal and a coke. No more shiny money.  Two more hours to go in Singapore.
finally checking twitter, jealous of those who can celebrate Calvin 500 in Geneva 
finally choosed WEP security for maximum compatibility . i could safely stay at home today . i am sick 
Finally cleaning jesus then taking the bestie home.  someone should just move in lol.
finally connected to clients network rather than telstra card, now I don't have msn or skype, 
Finally cracked and made one of those &quot;how well do you know me&quot; quizzes on Facebook.  I am so ashamed 
Finally cracked the cover of the last-ever issue of Domino Magazine. Got to p.5 and stopped. Gotta make it last! 
Finally crashing. I still feel horrible  hopefully ill feel better tomorroww. Night kids &lt;3
Finally deleted .mozilla  Now its Working
FINALLY did my 5 pages of vocab...now onto ee...gonna have to miss out on stylista  
finally done at Magic Mountain. on the way home now.  senior trip 09 was thee S H I T .
Finally done balancing my checkbook and paying bills  bedtime!
finally done mowing the grass..now im all hot and sweaty!  yucky!
finally done school and exams now feeling sick as a dog - goodnight 
Finally done The Wire... 
finally done unpacking then packing &amp; cleaning. i'm actually goin to miss the apartment.  strange feeling.
finally done with a 13hour shift at work 
Finally done with dinner.missed navy cis and thanks 2 sandra I'm going 2 miss menthalist 
Finally done with exams, have this terrible nagging headache prob from those wine coolers bouta lay down for a min 
finally done with my 400words writing test today but will have another test tmr 
finally done with press conferences. Have all of two hours until next meeting, which clashes with the awesome-sounding Guitar Hero party 
Finally done with project 4 (Gymnastics Stamp Series) finally get a chance to rest.. long weekend of cheerleading 
Finally done with the chores! time to relax before bed! i have to be at work at 5 am! 
FINALLY DONE WITH THE SPANISH PROJECT! now, to wake up early to put in on youtube 
Finally done with the story boarding and IA of my online game. Only thing left to do is code it... but I can't decide over Jaxer or PHP. 
Finally done with work. The 6 people turned into 13. They took their time. Ordered too much food. I'm just mad and tired. 
Finally done! 45 hours later.. Thanks @chadgardner for keeping me company this morning. Time to clean.  http://yfrog.com/5jwdhj
Finally Done. Tired. Hungry. Can someone fund my hunger? 
finally done...probably the worst paper i've ever written...now works cited 
finally don't have to wash dishes for five hours straight..unfortunately, studying is worse. 
finally down loading my cds to my Ipod. its gona be a long long nite 
Finally dressed.... Loose Women... Then Walk... Then Revision  xx
finally emma is asleep so I'm not annoyed. Sims commercial keeps coming on so now I'm excited to play tonightt! Time is going slow though 
Finally enjoying Sunday after working.... And thinking of my family especially my mother whos far away celebrating without me... 
finally feeling like doing something at home and have to go to a work dinner, won't be home now until 10 or later... 
finally figured out desktop manager is the culprit  and 
Finally finished college, such a long day with a 5 hour free period 
Finally finished homework... 1/2 hr late...hope I don't get in trouble  sleepy time - nite nite! @AutumnAnn @MeganSnipes u girls have fun!
Finally finished installing the ceiling fan. I had to crawl in the attic to install a crossbar.    http://twitpic.com/4ixos
Finally finished my share of the marking..sorry it took me so long   sincere thanks to all those students with neat writing 
finally finished packing at 4 this morning and now i leave in 30mins 
finally finished reading that book!!!....celebrating by writing a 6-8 page paper tonight/tomorrow on it 
Finally finished that puzzle. My tummy feels weird. Only had 4 hours of sleep. 
finally finished the english project... but my printer got a paper jam  just great if only i knew how to fix it... 
Finally finished the 'Immigrant' by Manju Kapur. She forget about Ananda towards the closing! The end only covered off Nina. 
finally finished the yard. now to be bored. 
Finally finished watching movie &quot;Pulse.&quot; You know, in some movies you root for everyone to just die? Sometimes even that does not help. 
Finally finished watching the Google I/O presentation. It'll be 10 years before Wave makes it to my office. 
finally finished with the news. still have 50 minutes to do  i hope the 'magazin' is a long episode.
finally finished work! i am so tired 
finally finishing of editing Friday's photo's.. missed the sun, beach and many phone calls 
Finally found a dress for the wedding but now hubbys job is in peril.  It's gonna get rocky round here. 
finally found my goofy stuff toy... Brings back fun memories at Disney...kinda miss the US already 
Finally found Oreo fun sticks at my grocery store!!! Ut-oh. 
Finally found something to work on science! Nobody went 
Finally found the name of the store I use to love to visit when I lived in Round Rock. I miss it there so much 
Finally found Zero Mission, but where is my Fusion?!?! 
finally get restoration for my damn bike. my 07 suzuki gsxr was stolen 1 1/2 years ago. i miss it 
finally get some stuff done...at four in the morning 
FINALLY gets to have a shave!  i want an autobot! 
finally gettin good sleep cuz i couldnt sleep at all in jail 
finally getting around to cleaning my room &amp; doing laundry! babysitting tonight. missing @a_Sommer @marinigh and @emmamcisaac 
Finally getting around to planning a river trip. Invite up on Facebook....and now, of to bed for a few hours sleep.  Damn, it's only Wed 
finally getting my car fixed tomorrow lol... ughh and i hate working till ten now 
Finally getting my lovely phone back today, hurrah! Now off to pay Â£600 to get my car back 
finally getting my wish for Rihanna Rihanna Rihanna! I LOVE THIS ALBUM. Im so sorry 
FINALLY GETTING ON THE STUPID AIRCRAFT!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopefully we'll get to drive from Grand Forks to Oberon. Probably not though. 
Finally getting out of work. This day took forever. 
Finally getting ready to take off for Oregon after being delayed overnight in ATL. Not only that, rescheduled Delta flight had no WiFi 
Finally getting to bed. Sometimes I'm so lonely and frustrated... 
Finally goin to bed but I have to be up n 2hrs for work 
Finally going back to school after 10 yrs....and might have to cancel my trip because of it 
Finally going home from work. 12 hours later. 
Finally going to bed! All work &amp; no play made Nyce a dull boy! 
Finally going to bed! It's been a long day...I'll be up in 2 hours I'm sure 
Finally going to bed, too tired. I'll just study for the test tomorrow... during the period before it  So much for my 'A' &gt;.&gt;
Finally going to bed.  Young Adults volleyball was great... who made those hot dogs?!?!?!  Shaina is not home yet   she had a spa day.
Finally going to bed. Long day of doing nothing on saturday - lots of homework on sunday 
Finally going to bed...   my baby is in the other room in his crib,  too big for the bassinet now... So sad, i miss him being right n ...
finally going to bed... ughhh im so tired  night twitterland
Finally going to sleep after a fun night of drinking even though it was a Sunday still had a blast but not looking forward to tomorrow 
Finally going to sleep after an all niter working on biz dev stuff. The sun is up. 
FINALLY going to sleep after washing an ungodly amound of dishes....huh 
Finally going to sleep and waking up early to study 
Finally going to sleep... getting up in ohhh... about 4 hours 
Finally going to write this paper I have been putting off 
Finally got a date for #cpap collection. Won't get it until the end of next month 
finally got a photo, thanks to twitter, shame i cant change it to sumthing better though 
Finally got a red star on ebay for reaching 1000 feedback.!  Would of been 100% feedback too if my account wasn't hacked last year 
FINALLY got around to getting a cool protective cover for my 3G iPhone ... been dropped so many times already 
Finally got around to watching Twilight. A little unimpressed! 
finally got everything out of the rent house yesterday and cleaned it up.  Still have my car and a truck camper over there though  
Finally got hold of moon river blush! sold out in my mac store, shame i have to wait for my birthday  also got sweet lust eyeshadow !
Finally got into bed. Moving around like i did after my op Haha. All because of this bloomin sunburn 
FINALLY got me some new @babyspadez music...it took 2yrs!! @akadip dnt get no love from tha Full Deck crew like she used to  lol
finally got meg on vid! can someone check its ok for me please - vet again tomorrow    http://bit.ly/3Us7R
Finally got my lil monster off my hands so I could run errands and now I gotta do them in the rain!!! 
finally got my pad thai.. it was amazing and shrimp free. yum! have a headache...at work... hope it doesn't turn into a migrane 
Finally got my shack burger, it's as delicious as I remembered it. Also, this economy is hurting my bottom line 
Finally got my tattoo done today. Still in Longview but feeling lonely and wishing i were at home right now. I miss Colby! 
Finally got my twitteriffic working again!  Had to delete and reinstall it  loving the new iPhone os!!
finally got my WOF. now i have no money 
Finally got new desk assembled after much gnashing of teeth. Now the drawer unit..with 20 pages of instructions 
finally got onto the computer freakin people b bo-gaurding the internet! lol blah sleep then diamond bar for dim sum &amp; cue pixs then work 
finally got round to booking his flight home..bye bye Siena 
Finally got round to using TweetDeck today.  Pretty happy with it so far but not able to use at work unfortunately 
finally got season 4 of Prison Break on DVD.. Oh Scofield.. I miss you.  lol
finally got some tanning in, woo! now exam review...boo 
Finally got that blog post finished and up.Would like to crawl back beneath  covers but still have about 7 hours work ahead. 
Finally got that downtime! not a full day...but i am loving it. Madea Goes To Jail...Hilarious!! I love Tyler Perry movies...i miss Drini 
FINALLY got that poem done! Now 2 go pack &amp; sleep. . . for like 3 hours! Wish I could tweet ya in NY but I don't think my phone will work 
Finally got that thing in here. Had to take off our door! And some of our base boards are dented now  lol
Finally got tied up again. That was a long break!    Must find a way to keep family drama from interfering with my private life schedule.
Finally got to catch an hour of sun...  Now off for a cocktail.  Missing someone right now 
Finally got to read more of my book, but now I'm sad cuz there's only one more book in the series. 
Finally got to sleep at 4:30 this morning and the alarm went off at 5:30 how annoying  and no sow for 2 days now 
finally got to the gym.....felt good but im still grumpy and my head is throbbing 
Finally got to watch &quot;Marley and Me.&quot;  Wow...  Wish I could breathe through my nose now, but it's not happening for  awhile I fear...wow. 
Finally got to watch the last 3 eps of Pushing Daisies. What a great show the Nielsens never watched. 
finally got twitter....missing the sun and sand in Punta Cana 
FINALLY H0ME WAS A L0NG DAY AT W0RK 
finally has her full voice back! That was not fun 
Finally has twitter on my phone, it's a pretty crappy app thou 
Finally have a day off of work and planning to sleep all day. Except working is calling again.. Going in at 2pm 
finally have a QLD license but they wouldn't let me keep my NT one 
finally have the vintage logo of greatness over here now...kinda tough to do right now w/o a home computer  ... oh well, someday
Finally headed home to hit the sack...yay 8am is gonna come way 2 early 
Finally headin home to chillax after a few days. Don't know why but back to having one of &quot;those&quot; days... sorry ya'll, just in a bad mood 
Finally heading home from work so much for spin 
Finally heading to the party. Emergency vehicles just arrived at Kroger and took out a stretcher. 
Finally he's back, was so excited to see him. First kiss was like the best kiss in my life. But why am I so afraid? 
Finally hit traffic on the way to PDX. Ithink I'll finish this Ratat album before I get to my target  http://yfrog.com/7gq9goj
finally hm frm work after 2hr traffic, thnk god the bank line was short, now i can relax and await my hair apptmnt. Still raining 
Finally home  ooofff with ugly weather. I want to be at the beach!
finally home (: i missed my cousins, wish they lived closer 
finally home after 2 delayed bus rides and freezing in the night air. head hurts, dead tired, and early class tm 
Finally home after 4days... Stressed up 
Finally home after a bloody long day at work. And I gots a booboo.   I cut my finger on a hydraulic hose fitting.
Finally home after a long day. Going to sleep now, God! I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 
Finally home after a terribly long day. Glad to be home, but wishing I could hang out with Jeanine. 
Diego's mom came already to pick him up 
dieing slowly cus im not watching the game  ... ugh school is a pain in the ass !
diet/day1: philly light with fracking wholemeal pitta.FRACK! Well at least watching 'the Machinist' will cheer me up. On second thoughts 
Dieting is sooo hard I just want a big mac wit fries a Hi-C with a 4piece nuggets   http://myloc.me/5AQa
differential forms make me feel dumb 
Digesting pancakes from my thoughtful son who wanted to make Father's Day special 4me  -- 1st FD after my own dad's passing 
Digesting the enormous amount of Taco Mesa I just ate, getting ready for tomorrow's long day of shooting &amp; missing my nephews. 
Digg is confusing. 
digg links are now nofollow... 
Digg: Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
diggin her..but cannot have her at all. i feel like GOD is teasin me. 
Digging up stuff from Ray's class.  Rereading her favorite poems and her comments on my writing.  I wish I had finished my novel in time. 
Diggs are not going to Facebook atm.  http://bit.ly/N52Ti
Digital Britain - Actual powers are given to OFCOM to care about the illegal file sharers  . Not fair...
diia chato 
Diino will not be free any more. 
Dilated pupils suck. The computer screen hurts my eyes so I won't be on the comp for a while. 
Dilema, if i get some cans in i can't drive anywhere (park, gym...)  Scrap the cans I think! Http://the-port.co.uk
dilemma starts again... sad, empty and confused... 
Dilemma, what to wear: Now: SanFran Foggy and 58 , then Sacramento in cple hrs sun and 86 degr . 
finally home for the weekend...but that just means I only have time for PROJECTS  math, english, euro, french... 1 week left-too much! #fb
Finally home frm bartending &amp; in the bed but gotta b at work, @ the Spa at 9am 
finally home from work  tired ass hell 
Finally home from work after seeing some off favorite people  only 1 was doing a bit odd to me today 
finally home from work, back 10-10 tomorrow.  still have paper &amp; 2 exams for monday that i have to find time to study for   plus project
Finally home! Day started beeing on road @ 5 a.m. Rabbit criss-crossed road; went splat. Sorry to take you away from your family. 
Finally home! Every prom appointment is sorted woo hooo! Well except make up but that will get fixed soon. Man im so hungryy 
Finally home! My cellphone is fucked though 
finally home! My feet are killing me 
Finally home! Sad to leave Anaheim &amp; LA as always though   Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy &amp; blessed bday!
Finally home, gotta go gym then start the coursework. So tired 
Finally home, ready to hit the bed.  Gotta take my sweet Max to the vet in the morning.  Eye laceration is back 
Finally home. 
finally home. And saddened: little (female) cousin said CB doesn't deserve punishment because Rihanna made him mad 
finally home. double shift today at wrk it was horribe. wrkd 11hrs total today 
dimarain year leader 
Dimples was in the preview... are they not on today?  It hasn't aired here yet... via http://twib.es/CPF
dinner &amp; out for one of the last times in Valencia 
Dinner all alone on a Friday. Cue the Violens 
dinner alone  only the TV is keepin me company 
dinner and reading for class...then nap before work..my jason is already at work.. 
dinner at dick's... last night of beach week 
dinner at pizza hut. I feel so down today. Idk why. 
Dinner date with pops. Phones dead 
dinner eaten, guess i should go do the washing up now 
dinner FAIL  They tried to copy cook the Crispy Tilapia of Recipes but it didn't come close. No choice! Yun lang ulam :x
Dinner has been ready since about 730... Hubby still out on a tow...  rotation good and bad. Miss my hubby
dinner in bricktown (oklahoma). sad I wont be coming here for tournaments anymore  but mmmm steak!
dinner is on, bad weather for this weekend 
Finally home. I miss @QisWalker. And Laces  I hope everyone's sunday brings smiles and music!
finally home. Im sunburnt 
finally home. its gross out today  21 days!!
Finally home. This weekend was incredulisticly incredible. Continuing my Disney sunday. Sadly without my @angdotcom13. 
Finally home. Was a nice walk but I'm tired. Doubt I'll be able to sleep though. Got to be at work for 6.30am aswell 
Finally home. Yey weekends. But I have lots of things to do. 
Finally home... Great weekend... But back to reality in 2.5 hrs... 
Finally home... Oh how i love my bed! Up early for classes, eww 
finally home... sooo tired.. 
Finally home....it's so hot outside 
Finally I could tweet, there's a problem with the wimax modem yesterday 
finally i finishing my work...yaaaayyy...cant watching sherina at playlist  
FINALLY I HAVE A WEEK OFF FROM WORK BUT NOT FROM THE KIDS  LOL IT'LL BE INTERESTING
Finally I read all of dermatolagy... I got a deserved sunday rest! Tomorrow back to work 
Dinner on your own in a restaurant makes you look like you have been stood up or that you are ghastly  http://yfrog.com/5ggv8j
dinner plans, but win or lose i will be watching the tape. glutton for punishment, indeed  @rbnyasn
dinner smells good...man i'm hungry. so sunny outside, wish i was at wonderland 
dinner time I am starving !! I love U l jay Leno 
dinner today = not so good  lol
Dinner tonight with the family.  Still waiting on Blair to get home.  Flight delayed for 8 hrs. 
Dinner was an epic fail. I feel bad for having to write a horrible review - the waitress was busting her ass regardless 
dinner was delicious my cousins grandparents and i went to Sizzlers. YUMMY!! I really dont want our vacation to end 
Dinner was great........had a very sleepy day...I thought that stage should have been over now  as I will be 14 weeks  2moro.
Dinner was Great...But im to Full to fit in Dessert! 
Dinner was laaate tonight.. But still yummy.. I'm gonna miss my mom's food! 
Dinner was lovely. Back to revising soon tho 
Dinner was ok but the potato salad suck big time.  will stick to fries next time.
Dinner was over too quickly 
Dinner wasn't so great! Doing The dishes.. 
Dinner with Aunt Shirley...her last night in the city 
Finally im come home. But not my really house  . ?? Am i homesick ?
Finally in bed sadly alone 
finally in bed. That weekend flew by. And was pretty dull.  Fuck. Time flys. Goodnight everyone. Dream your childhood dreams. Live them.
finally in for the night, boys are bathed &amp; in bed, now im bored and alone,   oh &amp; scared.. (
finally in huntington! misses my boyy though 
Finally in my new office. And apparently I still have more books than I have shelf-space. 
Finally in my own room and bed with Judhi. While she's otp with hers, and mine's asleep  Aight go to bed with sore feet and back.
FINALLY in phoenix! Praise the LORD! Headed to go say good bye to Heather.... 
Finally in Seattle. Thank god for the WSJ, Forbes, and my cousin @rwilljr, even tho he kicked my butt in gin rummy 
finally just in the house but gotta get up at 7 and do it all again tomorow  hard work
dinner with matthew and his family now... i feel so poorly though  i hate being miserable!
Dinner with my parents, sadly we have no kate till Friday 
Dinner with the fam!  last day in Cali 
dinner with the girls minus @musicobsessed5 
dinner with tome.. then studying all night 
Dinner, wine and movie with my favoritest girls in the world. I'm going to miss this so much 
Dinosaur Jack is now headless 
dip shit of a brother is annoying the hell out of me 
Direct throw by no wicket  #Pakcricket
Direct tv needs to get it together. The guide is always wrong 
Directed to the world, Today was full of upset and change and hurt. Wow.  Why is the one thing you want so far away?
DirecTV is a GREAT company but my cables out cause of the wind blowin the dish  im sad..i wont be able to see jonas, hannah or swac! 
Dirty Dancing...wish I was there 
dirty sexy money is over...OVER...FOREVER 
dis is crazy!!!! all these tweets comin thru my fone. stupid lil cousin made dis account...i jus want em 2stop 
dis kid gets too me soo badly 
dis nigga jus said IN A RAP, &quot;girls treat my dick like responsibilities, always on top of it&quot; :-/  come on homie....u can't be serious...
Dis nigga really got me sooooo mad... I'M LITERALLY STARVINGGGG 2 DA POINT I FEEL LIKE IMMA THROW UP... LIKE WTFFF 
Finally layin down to sleep with kay , lake , and shelby ! Yayy ! Ready for tomorrow ! If only Ellie was here  ! We miss her !
Finally laying in a nice soft bed. My whole body is a big ache. 
FINALLY leaving hell  my car sounds awful...ugh.
finally left the house, after talking abt it for hrs. listening 2 jamie foxx, I need a *weekend lover* 
finally let out so much and all you do is laugh and not listen. thanks for being there for me 
Finally looked up from my desk &amp; sad to see that it is past 10:00 p.m. so my hopes of stopping by Red Mango on the way home are dashed 
Finally looks like a beautiful day in Boulder... Just as I'm leaving for Vegas 
Finally lost FM97 
finally made it home. and yes, i booed the flatscreen @ the bar! i wanted Rashard to have a ring... 
finally made it to the office after the gong show that was PVG.  Even after three mid-travel naps I am still a little sleepy 
Finally made it to Wales about 12. Had a brew and feel tired. Can't sleep as too hot. 
Finally made to work (car trouble)   http://myloc.me/5aO
Finally met Norman and Andre. But they're going to go to Bali 2morrow  tkcr guys, see ya later!
Disabled ppl make me lose my appetite  
disapointed. 
Disappointed &amp; distressed - the 2 Ds for today 
Disappointed (but not surprised) the iPhone OS 3 does not improve podcast support. Still no SUBSCRIPTIONS on the device 
Disappointed about the iPod - was hoping to Rockbox it. 
Disappointed at: &quot;Tiger chief corpse found, LTTE ï¿½silence gunsï¿½&quot; Sad day for tamilians  ( http://tinyurl.com/qxxvpm )
Disappointed at: &quot;Tiger leader Prabhakaran killed&quot; Say Day for tamilians  ( http://tinyurl.com/omherw )
Disappointed by the french results of les EuropÃ©ennes 
Disappointed by the lack of treasures at the mall 
Disappointed by the news of Lydd no longer being a venue for drifting 
Disappointed by the Palm pre battery.  There's no Iphone killer...
Disappointed by the performance of C&amp;C:RA3 on my macbook pro. Dropped frames all over the place. Boo 
disappointed didnt see transformers today 
Disappointed for Susan Boyle that she didn't win Brittan's Got Talent 
disappointed for today. too bad he transferred. sayang. ugh. 
Disappointed for Toner. Come all the way to london to see @Mybshwll and they're on at 11, bus back to bristol is at 11.30. 
disappointed he missed the new Star Trek last night. 
disappointed in lunch today.  Damn Carolina's for being too good and too busy and driving us to venture to Chico's Tacos instead... 
Disappointed in my #Lakers yesterday, and count me as one of many wishing Kobe would have taken the last shot. At least give him a chance 
disappointed in my pics from yesterday... too many are blurry. 
Disappointed in people who &quot;don't have the funds to see Transformers 2&quot;...guys we were supposed to be saving up for this one!!! LOL. 
disappointed in the bottom 4  #masterchef
disappointed in the cavs   was hoping for a game 5 performance but it looks like it's gonna be a magic v. lakers finals.  lakers FTW!!!
disappointed in the new  mini chicken ranch thingies at jacks 
Disappointed in the yard sale at uo 
Disappointed Justine is out in MasterChef 
Disappointed LL Bean thinks I would like pockets on the chest of a fuschia summer blazer. No Bayside blazers this year. 
disappointed Poison lip synched on live tv 
Disappointed that I can't get the palm pre till August 
disappointed that the Red Sox beat the Rangers today 
Disappointed the Ustream won't work in the GVB Studio!!  
Disappointed the white shit I sprayed in my hair doesn't glow under the black lights  White party is a slow starter...
Disappointed to find the Arse blog is nothing to with bottoms but is about football   Have I found a 'gap' in the market.....?
disappointed totalfuckingawesomeness.com is not a real website  darn you sexdrive and vodka for not making that real
Disappointed with how out of shape I have allowed myself to become. So disappointed. Also, currently, incredibly sore. 
disappointed with my sat scores.  :/  whatever.  at least i didn't go lower.  
disappointed with myself. 
Disappointed with the TT today. Ruined by a hurricane headwind 
disappointed with you're! can't be trusted 
disappointed! I forgot to tweet something really inappropriate @graphicphantom yelled in whole foods yesterday &amp; now I can't remember it. 
Disappointed! Oh so disappointed 
DISAPPOINTED!! I know I can do better.. 
Disappointed!!! 
Disappointed, well it had to happen, better now then later 
disappointed. for 2 best available seats for my blink show... $130. i can't do it. just can't spend that much money  totally bummed rn
Disappointed...... Back to the drawing board 
Disappointing day 
Disappointing game 1 at the Rose Garden tonight Blazers 
Disappointingly, local tourist offices don't have any lists/ tourist routes/ guides to finding/ visiting local food and drink producers. 
disaster spilt the sugar all over 
Disaster! Totally pouring with rain and I DON'T OWN AN UMBRELLA!!! 
Disaster, I forgot to buy mint sauce and I am going to plate the roast in 10 minutes 
Disastrous morning coming into work - like a bad Hitchcock film. Fiancee ill as Dr Dre's beats. Sorry, bad pun but she is poorly. 
Disconnect with PHYSICS 
disconnected 
Disconnected from the world  no more internet for 3 weeks
Discos crisp count: 12, and some bits 
Discouraging: attended a school picnic; 400 plastic water bottles; no recycling provided; some example to set for kids! 
Discovered how to add LEO, XING, FACEBOOK Customized search to Internet Explorer 7. Took me 4 approaches. Software is that easy 
Discovered my frieds sons fish dead tonight!  Poor fish!!! 
Discovered that breaking nails hurts! I broke 3 falling over 
discovered that I'm squeamish around open wounds. Dammit. Dressing changes are so interesting 
Discovered that SharePoint treats 64 bit versions of IE7 and 8 as Level 2 browsers - i.e. with very limited admin support 
discovering java user group Web sites of the world, Tunisian Java User Group not build yet 
Discovery HD wasn't working for Deadliest Catch 
Discovery Travel &amp; Living showing a programme on Disneyworld. Now I want to go back! Impossible to see everything there in one trip 
discussing spring awakening with my grandma, this may have been a really bad idea. 
disertation meeting postponed till 2pm. throws my whole day out of whack! 
Disgrace and dismay that BNP have got a European seat in Yorkshire 
Disgrace and dismay that BNP have got a European seat in Yorkshire  http://bit.ly/IRbDfN
Disgracefull. IKEA have put the price of breakfast up by 55%. 
Disgusting hardcore death metal playing... 
disgustingly sick: dry cough, runny nose etc 
Dish Network stinks - no NBC Universal sports channel. Missed the entire Giro this year. 
Dishes &amp; Trash are done... Really wish I could go see the kids. 
DISHES are waiting for me in the sink... gotsta go 
Dishes: Check Laundry: Check Work Out: In progress 
dislikes her cold and this weather for giving her an achy chest 
Dislikes high heel shoes right now 
dislikes ipods breaking down immensly. 
dislikin all of the marxist reading...WHO CARES? ughhhh 
disliking how sunny it is when stuck inside 
disliking twitter... 
dislocated collar bone and fractured humerus (left arm near shoulder) who said cycling to work was good for you.........me I think 
dislocated my pinky finger!  owie.
dislocated right shoulder..in pain..in pain..in pain... 
Disney &gt; Home .....  #fb
Disney movies failed.. computer ran out of batteries so I couldn't finish the download 
Disneyland might just be me and john... Tara doesn't want to return phone calls or texts apparently. 
disneyland on Wednesday!! i know i spelled it wrong.. sooo excited.. get to be in a group with my besties minus veronicca 
Disneyland was a blast yesterday now back to work 
Disneyland was fun!  Couldn't find a hat that matched me  Found a ToyStory mug though [YAY!]
disposals aren't bad, but you look so retarded snapping pictures 
dissapoint with my mom 
Dissapointed about weather tomorrow.. not gonna go to Silverwood for Fathers Day 
Dissapointed by the kappas this year! Where r the pretty boys 
dissapointed withmy result!1  URRRRGGHHH SHIT this is the 4th time i'M RETAKIN. WAKEY WAKEY meeeeeee!!
dissapointed...don't want to go to work, want to sleep in and do absolutley nothing. that'll never happen. here we go. 
Dissapointment. The mexican weather woman is unfrozen.  now some novela is on.
Dissappointed  spent 30mins on mac trying to download 3.0 but t'was unsuccessful 
Dissertation handed in! OMG! I want it back! 
distance may make the heart grow fonder but my heart is already super fond... screw the distance part - its getting too hard! 
Distracted excitement of bgt has worn off. Feel like crap now. Sad phone call earlier. I don't want her money 
distraught cuz i have to find a new job 
Distraught now I have realised that the footy season is well and truly over.  Not even a Euros or World Cup to look forward to...   
Distraught. No Muse tickets left, I don't think. Besides, too broke anyway. Ah man, pretty much my favorite band 
Distributing CV's is no fun 
Disturbed, i had $1700.00  in my purse and it was stolen from my car at a gas station. My trip to vegas , have to start over 
Disturbed. They sold the baby tiger I met in Thailand as an exotic pet. Greedy bastards 
finally moving out. packing up is always SO demanding. 
Finally Mumbai Indians Win. Thanks to my crappy Walgreen quality alarm, I missed it 
Finally my computer works but everything had to be cleaned out of the system and it has to be re-cleaned again because it's not working 
Finally my Internet is back on, my friend has my phone so no Twitter or Facebook! I was going crazy! 
Finally no more fever! Report cards all day 
FINALLY-- Now I am me again.  I had to use internet explorer.  Firefox issues   Back to normal Tweeting.
Finally off frum werk  : D on my way to da nail place I fucked up my toes  so gotta fix em...
-finally off the phone, that conversation was pretty deep. realized alot, wow kind of an asshole.. 
Finally off to bed, up in a few hours though  take it easy you lot, have a good night xx.
Finally off work!! McDonalds for dinner..... again 
Finally off work, time to go back to sleep. I hate being sick 
Finally off work. Got a headache. 
Finally off work. Two late calls and paperwork   Heading to bed for much needed sleep. Back 4 more action 2nite. Full moon this weekend.
Finally off! My throat is killing me 
Finally off. Some cool people came by. Not to see me but whatev. Saw best friend angel. How i miss the others 
Finally on iPhone os 3.0 but now have to spend hours resyncing 
Finally on my way home. Gotta hit  the sprint store to replace my palm pre 
Finally on my way home. My ears are popping like crazy. 
Finally on my way to see @mirahtrunks i have missed him! And he leaves for warped tomorrow 
@celli_puzzle XD Awwwww, sweetheart. I'm glad it wasn't worse, but still. 
@cellinikamil yeppp  i so wish we had it though.
@celticerin Awww... sorry you're feeling ill. 
@CelticFrog ouch, not good 
@celticknot56 awwww  Im the same way. my cat woke me up... but he was being a little lovey boy, so i allowed it. lol
@Celtsfan348 Good Idea but pharma/biotec stocks still seem to be on fire GNVC seems like it still has legs but not sure. Holding INSV 
@celycarmo i'm sorry I don't understand your last comment 
@Celz29 hey u know wat ive been noticin lately?? everybodys forgettin emmett!! 
@celz29 lol i went nuts today in kmart, the books are on sale for $14.50!!! BUT there were 3 missing from the 9 that are out  so i got 5!
@Celz29 yeah and theyre a random 3 in the middle that im missing, so imma have to search too  sadface! OH WELL i have exams, shouldnt do!
@Cenay Bummer deal! I don't get why they work on my end 
@cenori Bad! Never exercise to that point! 
@cenori giiirl i cry angsty tears every day because I'm not talented enough for Broadway  S'NOT FAIR
@cenrak it will take years to explain that to the driver :p ,, i end up eating burgerking !! how sad 
@centac I has no-one on there, now.  Except poor black&amp;white Feli.  
Getting dreads takes longer than expected. It is also a lot more painful than I expected. And now I've got a sunburn  (and some dreads )
Getting Dressed! Another weekend and I couldn't get up early!!! 
Getting dressed, two of my braids are coming out  got me feeling like im getting old haha
getting dumped is not the buisness 
Getting Edison on the school bus since he has 4 exams today. Yeah great. I'm sure he's really of the right frame of mind right now... 
Getting emo...listening to songs that remind me when I was a kid...before stress, bills and before relatives started passing away 
getting excited for my birthday yay!!!!!! got a few days work first though 
Getting excited with Ginger Garrett's newest book, 'In The Shadow of Lion'. But I don't think I can find it here 
getting extremely bored of my work 
getting followed by creepy coworkers is no fun 
getting frustrated that monster, careerbuilder, and hotjobs have turned into such a joke!!! 
getting frustrated with work 
Getting geared up to workout...because I don't wanna 
getting goosebumps every time i think about brother ceci. 
getting groceries and then taking dad to the hospital  surgery tomorrow! eeeeeks.
getting high and loving it.... haven't smoked in so long 
Finally on plane to KM hopefully arrive 4.30pmish china time then quick dash to nordica. Forgot my adapter to connect to projector 
Finally on the computer. Realized I missed out on quite a party tonight  Just to follow yet another empty promise from men. F@CK!!!
finally on the road to transylania 
Finally on the twitter bus but feeling a bit left out because all my fam is in NYC and I'm stuck in SoDak 
Finally on the way to the allergist! But I forgot my pillow!  I'm so sad.
Finally on vacation!! Too bad I still feel hungover 
Finally out of school for today! HAD TO SIT IN LIBRARY FOR A LONG TIME 
finally out! these are going to be some long days. i have a headache too 
Finally packed and ready to leave Florida one stop in Houston then finally to California. Gonna miss the fam  I'll be Back in November
Finally pressed my hair after 13+ months of natural. I don't like it    Never realized that I don't like the smell of burnt hair.
Finally pulled out my toenail yesterday... puckin gross as shit. Everytime I look at it, I get a little sad 
Finally putting Anderson to sleep.. Has been watching him the whole day. Miranda is sick today, so I am IT. I need HELP.... 
Finally raining here after the blistering moisture devouring heat!!! Would love to be home, curled playing bb!!! 
Finally reached the end of &quot;Y: The Last Man&quot;. It made me sad 
Finally reading the chapters for my exam tomorrow - 1 down 9 to go. 
finally ready for bed.. but need to pay bills first.  Blah 
ditched twice... 
Ditte can't decide: 1 week or 2 weeks away from Johan this summer? Argh  Flight tickets are SO cheap right now. Damnit.
Ditto that Stormi it has been great talking to you all,I'm away from 23rd June no internet for 3 weeks what will I do  ........
Ditto that, my friend...BORED! Oops, now I have an exciting problem 
Diva... they cut ALL her hair off  http://twitgoo.com/v9si
Dive was awesome... Now I gotta do work 
Divention: banks too 
Diversity was a definite favourite for me on BGT last night - what a performance! but felt sorry for little Aidan 
Diversity was pretty awesome. There was a beautiful rainbow in the sky yesterday, but no pot of gold 
Diversity will be back later speaking to Lorraine. I'm off to the office  #bgt
Diversity won  STAVRO FLATLEY are the real winners tonight, I think. Hollie needs a smack, So does Shaheem, and SuBo needs carted off (:
DIVERSITY WON DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD Britians got talent is over now though 
DIVERSITYY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !! Shaun Smith 
diving into the hot niche real hard.. need to meet this month's objective.. I feel I'm going to lose to our aff mark challenge. 
divorce makes me cry 
Divorces f-ing suck 
Dizzy and the asparin is not at home 
Dizzy from too much sesame oil. 
dizzy. i'm not felling well... 
Dj Hero, cannot wait. This time it will be for the 360 and my boy took is wii to his grans, now no guitar hero for me 
DJ, doorman, security, techie, gammy eye 
djing rooftop pool party in winter clothes cuz of my bad sunburn  lolol
dJust got done walking up a BIG as HILL... now my butt hurts really bad 
dl US Aion beta but its going slow 
DMB is stronger than they've ever been and that is fantastic! It's unfortunate it all had to happen after the loss of LeRoi... 
Dmv physical exam for shuttle job 
DMV was packed! :/ mhhh not so good! 
dnamzonubley is up for private beta here: http://nubley.com so u can toy around it. its been a big work configurin d server. bn up al ngt 
DND I have a migrain...i think my head might explode 
DNF the Sundown Ultramarathon, at 52 km. Old tendon injury flared up. Reduced to hobbling at 4km/h. 
Dnt want 2wup at 6am 
Dnt wna sing at Teri's concert 
dnw this fucking social exam today, this sucks 
dnw Tisdale!  #mtvmovieawards
Do any affiliate programs give you all the keys to success?  Check out http://bit.ly/miqRsy :]Has a bad feeling about college 
Do any affiliate programs give you all the keys to success?  go http://bit.ly/hFNnAU |Has a bad feeling about college 
Do any fellow SF critics know what's going down with a TETRO screening? No word from anybody yet.    
Do belkin make the worlds worst USB hubs or what? They seem to be designed to fail after about two years 
Do da do da do da sao da do peple let me tell you bout my best friend... I could us some Rob&amp;Big  right now to cheer me up 
Do dreams actually come true? I sometimes dream things and they turn into lofty goals once that time nears. 
Do feel sick... But more like nerves not actual... Sick sick. Which i think is worse... [nerves sick that is]  xD
Do I have to pay for gas and electric? 
DO I HAVE TO WAKE UP ALREADY? FEELS LIKE I JUST SLEPT.... I MISS MY BED 
Do I just talk about myself and not to anyone?! If so... DULL!! 
Do I REALLY have to go to class/work/live tomorrow? 
Do I really have to upload my 5 files selecting 1 at a time to SkyDrive, could  I not select all 5 in one go? I have 50 to upload 
Do I really have to work today?  luckily its working from home - but still 
Do i really have to work tomorrow? 
Do I really wanna leave? It becomes a big question to me.... 
Do I really want to pay $20 for the tiny little switch on top of my iPhone? Mine is dying.  It's probably worth $5 max + s/h! #fb
Do I save to see James Morrison in Cardiff or Taylor Swift in London? I can't decide 
DO I SEEM ANTI-SOCIAL? SERIOUSLY ANSWER THE Q!!!??! PWEESE 
Do I smell &quot;FengYouJing&quot;? Wa...Wa...Wa...................... Oh, that's me crying loud. 
Do I sound like a broken record? Houton wx: hot, humid, no rain...this pattern sticks with us at least into next week 
Do I still have to go to school tomorrow? I'm getting burned. haha..*sigh* 
Do my clothes on, and read some things for school. I've today a test of biology, and I forgot my book biology on school! I can't learn 
do my homework of quemestry, so uncool :/ i really miss my friends, mon, angelita,alï¿½n 
Do my shoes hurt or do my feet hurt? 
Do not be fooled! There is not one piece of cake in the movie Cake Eaters...waste of $1 
DO NOT BUY BEER FROM BEER GARDENS @ UNION ST FAIR! Organizers are shutting down PRIVATE parties forcing you to buy from them  (plz repost)
DO NOT call me till 4 o'clock.  Or else I freak out!  I hate these moments of waiting...  
Finally recovered after yesterday's drinking session. I seem to have become something of a lightweight. Must be my age 
Finally saw Star Trek, It was good. Had some sushi, that was good.  Leaving for two weeks tomorrow morning.  That is sad. Will miss wife 
finally saw the dr. Having 2 tests done.  Shuree &amp; lamar
Finally seeing UP in 3D.... Ready to shed some tears  http://twitpic.com/7q7f4
finally sent out my 360 to get fixed... hopefully it will come back soon  i wanna play sum gamez
Finally settled on case for iPhone after perusing around 1.5 thousand. Failed to find one with lizard or dinosaur print 
Finally signed on!! My wifi connection keeps fluctuating!  This is goin' to stink!  I hope Angel is alright.
finally sleep time...gotta wake up early tomorrow 
Finally snatched a time to tweet. Loads of school works! Can't even go online. I miss @DavidArchie stuffs already 
FINALLY some nice weather...and the bike's in the shop 
Finally something interesting happening in NJ and I won't even be here for almost the entire weekend. 
finally sorting my computer out 
getting home at 4am from the longest day at work sucks but being back for a meeting at 8am sucks even more 
Getting ignored by my  cyber bf   so i'm pretending that i dont care, but it burns!!!
getting ill and very fed up with how things have turned out 
Getting impatient. 
getting irate trying to list an item to sell on ebay 
Getting Little Bit enrolled in Pre-K. Aw, my baby is not a baby anymore. 
getting lunch at work. Hope it's not anymore fast food 
Getting lunch in New Orleans. Wishing @JaclynFritz was with me. 
getting maccas for dinner in the first time for ages ..... i feel like a fatty 
Getting mad that my iTunes playlist won't freaking save whenever I close it.. this has only been happening as of late.. 
Getting mad that Twitter won't work on my phone 
Getting major Glasto withdrawal now I've seen Klaxons and N.E.R.D are special guests this weekend 
Getting my ass beat by Mike at tetris 
getting my ass handed to me in wabble... 
Getting my ass kicked at Uno by Aunt Sandy 
Getting my ass kicked by lag in COD4  MW2 Here I come! 
Getting my bike! Series finale of Hills tonight. Goodbye Lauren! I love and will miss you.  Kristin can NOT replace you. @laurenconrad
Getting my blood taken  ugh.
getting my boys stuff all packed and ready to go to NC to see their dad. Even though I don't want them to go! 
Getting my braces off on August 10th! Yay! Except I have to wear elastics until then  nevermind. Pancakes were delish!
getting my brain cells destroyed by Canadian history 
getting my computer fixed this weekend cuz it's fucked up. 
Getting my computer ready to be taken into the shop to be fixed.  2 weeks without a computer does not sound fun.  
Getting my drink on..... By myself how lonely  lol!
Getting my eyeballzz checked. I wonder how much worse my eyes got  last appointment they were -5.00 in each eye
getting my eyebrows attackedd with hot wax and little paper towels today!! ouchy boo 
Getting my hair cut by tam..then taking her to the airport 
getting my hair done finally, i'm sick of been orange 
getting my hair done for tomorrow morning. i can't believe we're actually taking our prom pics  it brokes my heart to have to say goodbye
Getting my hybrid Schwinny out of my car, he has a flat front tire 
Getting my internet fit and trying hard to forget a person that I loved so deeply.  Why do we long to be with people who are just no good 
Getting my new bed today!! Yay!  Can't wait to sleep level again.  Just gotta move a bunch of stuff out of the way of the delivery guys 
Getting my teetfs cleans. I got a cavity. 
Getting my toes painted...the toe separators hurt. 
Getting my wisdom teeth out 
Getting my wisdom teeth out on monday 
Getting my wisdom teeth pulled today  Hopefully it wont be as bad as last time
Getting my workout on.. then headed to Queens to chill. Ahhh shiittt I should be studying for my MCATS.. 
Getting nervous. Nervousness is one of the worst emotions I think. 
getting off now,I need to study i'll have a math test tomorow  xooxo:*
getting off the computer to now write up all of the stuff for history  my hand is going to hurt.
Getting off work 3 hours late and working 13 hrs tomorrow makes me a real crank ass 
Getting off...   and goin to my moms house... Slow Internet...
Getting on the plane. Wish me a safe trip. Im gonna miss my babe 
Getting on the road again in SC  I can't wait to get home!
Getting only 4 hours of sleep SUCKS. 
Getting out of bed seems like such a TASK. I scheduled the OT for 11-3.  I should have taken the day off dang it.
Getting out of bed with the horrible thought of a ten hour night shift later on 
Getting out of the pool and laying by it with the sun shining is the best feeling in the world. Then came the rain 
getting over my loss at the casino and the nuggets loss...all in the same night...ITS CAUSE UR NOT WIT ME 
getting over the flu  bad times!! starting to feel better thank goodness!! 
getting packed...off to Texas for a week, too bad it's for work 
Getting prepared for Antigua. Bit nervous about flying on my own now 
getting prepared for lisa to leave for the week again 
getting prepared to exercise 
Getting probably my last haircut from the woman that's been doing my hair for at least 18 years. 
getting reacquainted with Firefly. An amazing television series by the master Joss Whedon! Such a shame it was cancelled 
getting ready &amp; going to my salon to see if my lady can fix this mess on top of my head 
getting ready 2 go 2 PGs house..wish i knew wat 2 wear 
Getting ready 2 go 2 work @ my regular job    I'm grateful but I rather work on my music and acting.
Getting ready 2 leave hate my hair 
getting ready 2g2 bed, kinda  cause granpa's death. babe love u  thnx 4 everithing. XOXO
getting ready 4 bed at this early hour  maybe a rough day ahead or a need for health
getting ready 4 school  and its really warm outside again there nothing worse then going to school then on a reallly warm day  !!!!
Getting ready 4 work  x
getting ready 4 work in rooms 
GeTtInG rEaDy 4 WoRk....... ThIs iS gUnNa Be A lOnG dAy....     
Getting ready and going to workkk...my paycheck went pretty fast  and i have nothing to show for it. blahh w/e
Getting ready and heading to Jersey to get two shots @ doctors  Grandmas after that. Text me.
Getting ready and trying to ignore the fact that i have a cold  out today for ashs birthday with the girls!
Getting ready beforre work....   
Getting ready f0r s0me m0re sh0pping. &amp; a drive-in m0vie t0night. Surgury is tuesday.  Blahh. Anyway, i'll talk t0 every0ne later x0x
Getting ready fo bed. Work at 10 
getting ready fo work! 
Getting ready for @chelsealately. But I don't think it's new tonight. 
getting ready for a 12 hours work today in the blazin hot sun! ugh! It's way too early..I wanna sleep!! 
getting ready for a 2nd day of Faith-based and Neighborhood Partnerships -  still happy re OK visit - although no Braums this time 
getting ready for a awesome show [= i miss my camera LOMO 
Getting ready for a birthday lunch for Gram.  Burnt my finger  
Getting ready for a business trip half way around the world and away from the family 
Getting ready for a busy Monday. I hope I don't daydream in our long meeting. Weekend is really too short 
Getting ready for a dat at the lighthouse and the mall. Too rainy for mountain climbing 
Getting ready for a friends of mine's birthday! i haven't seen any of my friends in a LONG time!  tonight should be awesome! 
Getting ready for a going-away dessert reception for a colleague who's off to grad school.  
Getting ready for a long day at work-  
Getting ready for a long week at work. 
getting ready for a loooonnnngg day at work 
finally starting to feel better, still want to be back at home naping or reading. but back to work for me. 
Finally starting to make some progress on my Turkey images....probably another 2 days/eves to go 
finally succumb to the pain and took panadol 
Finally taking an hour to listen to Lines, Vines and Trying Times. It's been almost a week. 
Finally teed it up for the 1st time this year - no time at all  managed to throw up a 75 with 27 putts and have not hit a ball for 3 wks
finally the longest week of my life is over!! Claiming unemployment this week - now they are paying weekly. Still looking though 
finally the work week is over - finished every day at 8pm 
Finally this week is over, gotta start studying for finals tho 
finally tided my room 
Finally time for bed......I miss jersey 
finally trying out this #tweetdeck that everybody talks about. so far, it takes up way too much screen! plus, i had to install adobe air 
getting ready for a night out with the girrrrrls. I need this 
Getting ready for a rough one at work 
getting ready for a super early wake up call...4:30 a.m. 
Getting ready for an exciting day of work, hopefully being miserable out no customers will appear....I doubt it 
Getting ready for another day at work..boring boring work I swear..Im going to go insane there 
Getting ready for another exciting day of work...NOT  Save me!
Getting ready for another Montini session..*sighs*  I have a test and i didn't study..oh geez 
getting ready for bed but im not tired 
getting ready for bed then laying down with my son and watching sponge bob. His allergies are acting up  and hes getting more teeth on ...
Getting ready for bed. 6 people in our house tonight. OMG I'm nervous for camp. And life is sucking/confusing, yuck. My brain hurts kinda 
Getting ready for bed. its back to work in the morning. 
Getting ready for bed... got to get up @ 5:05am 
getting ready for bed....i am sunburned so I dont know if I will sleep well 
Getting ready for bed--so sad to hear that my friend's dog passed away today. 
getting ready for chase's graduation/18th birthday/going away to boot camp party at noon. Tomoorrow is is actual b-day.  i'll cry
Do not dance on the balls of your feet in fishnets and platforms. Feet. Hurt. Need. Rest. 
do not feel like doing any work  slept four hours only 
do not know what the problem is but i can feel that there is or probably there will be...  http://plurk.com/p/11j59q
Do NOT liste to the quote thingy under this message you have to pay fo the followers so it's not worth it... damn Twitter Scammers  O_O
Do Not Use Twitter if you have a mosquito bite on your fingers.  Haha.
do not wanna stay home tonight 
Do NOT want to go back to work tomorrow  http://yfrog.com/5fsnbhj
Do not want to go to school 
Do not want to go to vermont 
Do not want to work in the morning...  Oh well. Need the money.
do not want to work today  part of me wants to not be bored, part of me wants infomercial cruise control
do NOT want to work tomorrow.. 
do Paramore have something against the UK or something!? Believe it or not...I actually can't go to Tokyo! 
do ppl actually chat to each other on here? cuz so far, since joining i only seem to be chatting to myself 
Do these politicians think that Indians are fools? The Varun Gandhi saga again 
Do these thoughts make me a bad/selfish person? ... 
Do this means no more kobe and lebron comercials 
do u guys hve those days where ur computer is so s2pid and freeze every 30 seconds? it happens every effing time!!  it is annoying.
do u know what really bothers me bout the third Tudors season? NO Francis at all  want me french hottie 
Do u need to have the attention of every boy u come in contact with?! U just cant leave any of 'em alone... 
do u reply miley? if u dont thats a bumer. 
Do vampires have bodily fluids? OOO Ill google it! See... movie is bad 
DO WANT DMG 
Do we have possums in this country?! If yes, i saw a dead one 
Do we have t wait till 2morrow....??? 
Do we need war to make peace ? ....Do I need my place get messy before it gets clean?  - Philosophical but reality.
do we really need to read the EBM manual? Its too thick 
do you ever just think to yourself 'im an arsehole'? cause thts what im thinkin right now 
do you ever just want something SO bad? but u knw you will never get it? UGH! 
Do you feel hollow when youve known how ive lied?  wow i feel like ive grown up , and im proud. Im proud of everyone.
Do you feel it....do you feel it? Universal vibes all around us! Oh no.......it's just hay fever 
do you have any idea how much I don't want to graduate 
Do you have one of those songs that makes you cry whenever you hear it? I do and it just came on my iPod.  Bawling my eyes out now.
do you honestly think I'm THAT stupid?  
do you know any cheap horse trailer sales in canada? I had to quit 4-h because we don't own one 
Do you know the muffin man? I do. He just came to my house with cakes for everyone but me 
do you know this feeling, when you give your whole power but you'll never have a chance to win?-it's so frustrating 
Do you know whats sad? I forget how to play the song I wrote on my guitar. How sad is that. Now I have to learn my song all over again 
Do you know you make me feel so empty inside  - http://tweet.sg
Getting ready for church, but I'm probably not going... UGH. Sick today, everything is a pain... 
Getting ready for church....Ahhh I go through this every sunday, what should I wear Sheeessshh I told ya'll I needed a personal assistant 
getting ready for church...i HAVE to do a poem b/c i kno its not just me, but old ladies just volunteer you!! its really sad 
Getting ready for class day 
getting ready for class this morning....with a sore throat   ill make it though!
getting ready for class tonite...first day of summer school...WACK!!! but it has to be done... 
getting ready for class, and i just want to stay home lay out and have fun.  schooooll ehhhh..
Getting ready for class....im sweepy 
Getting ready for Computex Taipei09, in hot and dusty indo right now, leave for Taipei tomorow and will post picture then  missed sydney
Getting ready for CSTSOC-waiting for my social anxiety to kick in. Hey, maybe 2nite it won't-oh, there it is.  I have NOT missed you, pal.
Getting ready for exam soon 
Getting ready for Family Vacation with 40+ family Members, Sorry i cant go mobile, my EVDO card is not working at the moment 
Getting ready for Fathers Day things..I'm sad that the family 'father' won't be here this year...Miss you Papa. 
Getting ready for Fathers Day.Found the card n presents.Going to the casino buffet,tons of food and even more Cigarette Smoke 
getting ready for final exams. 
Getting ready for Fuze ... Need a nap though 
Getting ready for is going to be a very long day  If I can't get off work early I'm gonna be so pissed...
getting ready for jenn and billys going away party     if you r out in jtown come find me
Finally up an movin, missed the view tho 
Finally up, i slept so good, but chest and throat still hurts this morning... 
Finally up...my tummy isn't happy   And I really don't want to go to work. It's my day off dang nabit!!!
Finally updating my aging P4 system.  Got me some Dual Core action - can't stretch to anything better than the in-built graphics though 
finally uploaded my hungary photos to my mac, shame my battery died when i was out walking, only have 95 shots 
finally watched Evita, so now i can understand the hype! while baking snickerdoodles, i burnt my arm. now i've fancy a permanent scar! 
Finally watched final episode of Prison Break online....it was so sad. 
Finally watched Interview With The Vampire. It was even more amazing than i remembered. But i think this means david is leaving. 
Finally watched Taylor Swift's music vid for &quot;You Belong With Me&quot;!  AHEM....people I asked to help me! W/E I guess ur 2 famous to help me 
Finally watched the last couple episodes of The Office on NBC ( #theofficenbc ) - I now understand why Gervais stopped after 2 seasons  
Finally watched X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Gambit was so disappointing. 
Finally watching women's pro soccer game. No skorts.      But hair is good:  http://tr.im/kgvG
finally we finished make up this room, pretty clean here now,  @nadtriadina just  did a little part  to cleaned it 
finally weekend! don't have to see your face and feel such a heart-broken 
Finally weekend! Still have tons of studying to do tho! 
Finally woke up.  Damn my messed up sleeping schedule.  
Getting ready for lights out ... I'm tired and in pain... 
Getting ready for live team trivia at The Tin Can. Hopefully we can make up for our past two weeks of dreary losses  I have faith in us ^^
getting ready for my exam today 
Getting ready for my first day of D.C. sightseeing- and my daddy's sick 
Getting ready for my first fathers day without my beloved stepdad Jimmy 
getting ready for my journey to down to london... it might be a long one... there are works on the line 
getting ready for my prom but i feel ill 
getting ready for my service at the cafeteria... ich habe keine lust 
getting ready for my water aerobics - looks like rain today  thanks for nice words annie&amp;co. - are you going to columbus?
Getting ready for my work week...sigh... 
getting ready for ortho + plus school. hate Mondays. 
getting ready for practice 
getting ready for Sauna Open Air.... but the weather sucks 
Getting ready for School  *humphh*
Finally worked out! Feeling good. Got a couple compliments.... now, I need to keep going no matter how soar I get. I miss my bike 
FINALLY writing something... and would *LOVE* some peace and quiet. Sad day. 
Finally! Jailbreak...after I backup my music 
finally! sleep is working on the GA-EP45-DS3L hackintosh. it only works sometimes though 
Finally! Timbaland is back to work with Missy and Ginuwine! Only one missing? Aaliyah  http://bit.ly/1adspd
finally!! at least kristen!!!! i missed taylor! 
finally!! vacations ....missing all of u guys  love ya
FINALLY!!!  the pens won game 3!! now its off to studing for something that i should have done all week.. and im writing a paper  Boo
finally, at the airport. currently chilling out at the Citibank lounge. maaaan, the wi fi here doesn't work! lameeee! 
Getting ready for school  mondays suck
Getting ready for school - not looking forward to another day of melting in class  its not natural for scotland to be this warm!! Lol
Getting ready for school tomorrow..... crazy only ten days left. Kinda sad 
Getting ready for school! Ugh... 
getting ready for school, hope to have time to reread my history, i think reading everything only once isn't good enough for the test.. 
getting ready for school, uh oh my throat is sore 
getting ready for school.   ..im so tired 
Getting ready for school. Don't want to goooo 
getting ready for school. I still havent written my senior speech. And don't hold your breath for a fantastic senior prank. 
Getting ready for school. Its not sunny today.    
getting ready for school. it's still raining...  
getting ready for school...but i dont want to go 
getting ready for some crazy ass data mining exam 
getting ready for summer school 
Getting ready for Sweden today (leave tomorrow) and have to do some office work before even thinking of writing #trancetuesday post 
getting ready for the beach this weekend, be back tomorrow. I need more sleep &amp; fooood before I leave... 
getting ready for the DAY! Church at 11 @ubcmiami .... feel free to join me! im going alone 
getting ready for the day. Have to go talk to the judge today 
Getting ready for the day. Work, work, and more work. Hot today. No boat 
Getting ready for the floodgates of patients to open. 
getting ready for the funeral 
Getting Ready for the Kentucky Derby......&quot;I want Revenge&quot; is a scratch 
Getting ready for the mall then doctors later? Hopefully im fine but I think I might be really sick  ughh
Getting ready for the Nerd Convention!!!! Yay!!! But I didn't get to make my costume. 
Getting ready for the night! So sad my partner in action won't be joining me tonight 
Getting ready for the summer!  Good things: warm weather, relaxation, drinks with little umbrellas in them. Bad Things: lack of live DJ's 
Getting ready for tomorrow's Peace Mural unveiling at Mount Vernon School! No mayor  But Newark's edu commissioner's coming!
Getting ready for Tybee, Miley and fun!  First have to clean my condo though 
Getting ready for vacation to be over 
Getting ready for work  . Save me plz!!!
getting ready for work  5-10
Getting ready for work  fed up with the way our human rights are being eroded by the mad rush into all things digital!
Getting ready for work  I guess I have to bring home the bacon some how!
Getting ready for work  I must say, starting at 9 kicks the shi- out of starting at 8 haha
getting ready for work  i only got 4 hours sleep last night and have to now get 2 buses to work :'(
Finally, i am back and started work today.... But i had left my wallet and $$ at home... what a day... 
Finally, i found out that it's the problem of jrails which set the accept header for each request,   Now i manage that myself.
Finally, I have the net back. Server probs had me offline for a few KEY hours. &gt; I didn't do any of the fun things I had planned.  LAME
Finally, i m log in... been bz whole morning till now.. 
Finally, I'm mobile... For like an hour 
Finally, my long lost cousin, Kevin has gave me a call from US. Glad to hear that he and aunt are doing good. Now I start missing them.. 
Finally, my LoveHate video is (allegedly) uploading. I don't know how long it'll take, YouTube is being a bitca. Sorry, everyone 
Finally, tucked away safely at home.  Missing my baby already...sigh 
finally,home. Feel sick 
FINALLY. 12 hours to go 
getting ready for work  im really lazy and tired. ugh.
getting ready for work again  Tomorrow I'm off and working on what I love most. Happy Monday all.
Getting ready for work and feeling like crap 
getting ready for work at Torrid... trying to figure out what to wear! Usually it comes to me in a dream the night before, but not 2day 
getting ready for work now  close today!! ahh we dont even close till 10 wtf!
Getting ready for work so cba cause of this lovely weather 
getting ready for work still wondering wot to do on saturday night Jay in Colac 
Getting ready for work tomorrow 
Getting ready for work tomorrow.    Sucks being a grown up.
getting ready for work ugh 
getting ready for work while my sister stays in her pj's and plays wii.. aahhh to be young again 
getting ready for work why did i agree to take a extra shift 
Getting ready for work! 
getting ready for work!!!   
getting ready for work!!!  I think I'm sick!! .. flu or something!
getting ready for work, going to work 12 hours today yikes 
Getting ready for work, really can't be bothered with a 3 hour shift especially since I'll miss the race because of it. 
Getting ready for work.  Living in L &amp; W hell.  Pastor Steve leaving 
getting ready for work. God I do not want to be up this early!!! Someone just shoot me! 
Getting ready for work. I hate Mondays.  
getting ready for work. Ugh...i have too much to do 
Getting ready for work..  Watev's. ... &quot;It's gon' rain!&quot; http://bit.ly/ldGAn
getting ready for work... 
Getting ready for work... I feel like I didn't even get a day off 
Getting ready for work... think I'm catching a cold  yay!! Now I gotta pull a 9 hour shift... holla at ya sometime tomorrow.. peace
getting ready for work.... sad I have to leave my new little baby 
getting ready for work...... im so not feeling good 
getting ready for work....tooo early 
Getting ready for work...at 6 am...this madness should cease 
Getting ready for work...I wanna go back to bed sooo bad  
Getting ready for work...I'm super sleepy 
getting ready for work...I'm tired of smelling like fries and looking like I had a fight with a milkshake!! (No not McDonald's hun)  
getting ready for work..ugh so wish I could go back to bed 
getting ready for work.3:30 to 12:00am.im never working this shift again! 
Getting ready for work/I am still kind of sick 
GETTING READY GO BACK TO MY ARMY BARRACKS 
Getting ready Steven and Andrea's Engagement party tonight at North Lakes, smart/casual - not pirate 
Getting ready then summer school 
getting ready to board the plane to detroit. i just left my b.f.f. at the security check...i'm sad   *tori*
Getting ready to Clean 
getting ready to clean up my room. that's going to be fun haha 
Getting ready to crash, prqctice at 6 
Getting ready to crawl in bed. Not feeling so great 
getting ready to dancee at crakker carnivaal.. not looking forward to it 
getting ready to do my exams 
getting ready to do some serious french homework! 
Getting ready to do the monthly food shop! 
getting ready to drop off something to my man so he can hang out with a friend instead of me 
finally... packing packing and more packing  we r packing i hate moving  
finally.....heading home.  this week, I'll be stuck in the office  
finals  theres no way i'm passing the chemistry one
Finals 2day 
Finals allll week  studying, then sleeping.
Finals are going to kill me  about to read girl bomb! Thanks @mariesake!
finals are in two weeks tottaly not ready!! i really miss reading books 
finals are over. it's raining 
finals finals finals 
finals in 4 days  time to get back to my books 
Finals in a week and a bit it sucks ! I dont want to study but i hav to if i wanna pass! 
finals monday and tuesday 
Finals next week 
finals next week  study study study
finals this morning and tomorrow morning, and crazy morning sickness to go with it. 
finals today. ahh help 
Finals tom. 
finals tomorrow 
Finals tomorrow    At least its almost done. Summa Summa summa Time is here!
Finals week dont bother me im studying 
Finals week is here  and I'm half way through my next Twilight book but don't have enough money to buy the next one!!! 
finals week! not going out this weekend to study 
finals!! 
Finals: 8-7, Blue does not win.  Great game anyway.
do you remember how much better disney channel was back in the day? i miss shows like so weird and all their old movies 
do you see??? i need you right now???  
Do you think players being 'carried' in game are lazy or unaware?  Helped someone on a quest - he auto followed and did nothing 
Do you think she will come back ta me??  Do I want her back? 
doain cpt sembuh 
Doc appt to bad my doc is no Dr. Cooper  guess I'll just have to settle ;)
Doc says no more 5 hour energy, or any other type of additive or supplements for me.   Boooo!  I feel like I just lost my best friend 
Doc suggests not to move &quot;the hand&quot; for 10 days! not sure if there is a fracture or not! 
Docs appt this afternoon - shoulder still sore tho so not much hope there 
Doctor called in new antibiotic for me...will pick it up at lunch..God I hope this one works! 
Doctor had to leave--family emergency--before I could get in to see him.  Still in pain, probably pinched nerve.  
doctor says i have a gastrocnemius muscle tear. NO half marathon next week. physical therapy stat. SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD day... 
finals=suck!!! two down two to go... the hardest two of course.... 
finalss 
finalssss 
finaly had some sleep!! needed it so badly 
Financial plan stinks! I want to go see my dad but only have 14 dollars 
find answers to many of my questions  that  make me saad   Heelp ?
Find out more about dh's diagnosis on 17th. Still more than a week to go of just not knowing what to think 
Finder refuses to quit. I cannot shut down my mac  it might be the Curse of Submission Week
findin this hard 2 use  x
Finding american apparel, then going to Birmingham. I forgot I had lipstick on and smered it across my face. 
finding it difficult to fire up my interest in the Chelsea / Arsenal game today. My enjoyment of football taken a beating 
Finding it hard to believe I've so stressed that I got Shingles! 
Finding it hard to concentrate at work.  
finding it very difficult to keep my eyes open. 
Finding out about a death via blog comment is NOT cool. 
Finding out hard way I cannot be in 2 places at once.  All I'd be doing is going up and down the 405 trying to get everything done 
Finding out wat am i gonna do about my migraines....they're keeping me away from the parties 
finding out your aunt got in a carr accident earlier on in the day at 1:26 in the morning is not a good thing 
Finding out your out of dog food at 9:45 at night sucks, down to the fuel station I go 
Getting ready to fly home today! Gonna be a long one 
Getting ready to get my wisdom teeth pulled.. so annoying to deal with all this hoopla lol 
Getting ready to go back home 
Getting ready to go back home to Camp Point...wish it were sunny out so I could swim in my pool  .
getting ready to go back to school 
getting ready to go back to school for the week 
getting ready to go back to school tonight 
getting ready to go back to work...closing tonight 
Getting ready to go boating! It's 49% and cloudy   Hopefully it will warm up and clear up fast!!! Hope you all have a great weekend ;~)
getting ready to go camping, but I think it may be a washout 
getting ready to go eat with Kelly. it looks like rain... 
Getting ready to go home and watch house. Just got done swimming and the baby hasn't moved much today.  &lt;3 lovin' on my wonderful family.
getting ready to go home for the summer 
getting ready to go home. poor xander..the kitten jumped on his lap and scared him to tears   it sounded awful funny though
finding people also seems to be problem.. esp since they always dont use their names.. gotta know the id 
finding something to eat.. i'm starving 
finds anybody attractive who isn't permanently under a landrover 
finds herself in quite the funk today, and not the cute dance-y type either 
Finds it a bit ironic that Rage Against the Machine is so enjoyable on his way into Work! 
finds it funny that after three years of 'advancing in playing ability' he still can't play the double stop passage in Greensleves nicely 
finds it sad that no one I know is on Twitter...boohoo 
Finds it wonderful that his vista ultimate install decided to completely choke  guess videos aren't going to be posted today
Finds living with a diabetic very stressful sometimes 
Finds the rain soothing... dreading going back to school in a few days. 
FINE @drewtalkstl DON'T RESPOND TO MY TXTs. 
fine i'll just go 2 the mall &amp; buy all the stuff you already have &amp; waste my $ 
fine then,.. i did all that and nothing,.. 
Fine time for my computer to freeze 
Fine, fine. I'll try again laterrr.  How depressing.
fineee , do decided to break my heart! 
Finger hurts, can't sleep even after my vicoden &amp; alcohol combo... 
fingers and arms sore from painting all day yesterday and a lot more to come 
fingers and feet are still sore... as well as the rest of my body. 
fingers are about to fall off, 
fingers are about to fall off, because of all this writing 
Fingers crossed my job doesn't run away  X
fingers crossed that my neighbor can sign for my UPS package today, otherwise it may be bye-bye pretty skirts 
fingers crossed, not happy about the rainy day though 
Finger's looking relaly nasty, far too scared to take off plaster and have a proper look tho 
getting ready to go out to eat w/ immi&amp;peter . the weather kills it though 
getting ready to go out, feeling lonely 
Getting ready to go to a 5-year-old's birthday party. Depressing because it makes me feel really old lol 
getting ready to go to a kasey chambers concet    D: D: D: i dont wanna goo!!!
getting ready to go to a wedding solo 
Getting ready to go to bed for the next few hours...have to be up for the contractor to work on the house...miss you all 
Getting ready to go to Bracebridge...then work 
getting ready to go to bush gardens. and its suppose to rain today  oh well. live life to the fullest 
Getting ready to go to California.  I leave tomorrow.  
Getting ready to go to court...I've been called for grand jury duty. Somehow I don't think it's as impressive as it sounds... 
Getting ready to go to Joeys memorial  hard to believe it's been 2 years.
Getting ready to go to meeting.....Yeah!! 
getting ready to go to missouri and michigan for two weeks. gonna miss him  and im scared to death for the THREE plane rides it will take.
Getting ready to go to my cousins christening. Even tho it's at a church...  I'll be gone all day. Ciao!
Getting ready to go to my interning thing blah, I cant wait till this week is over 
getting ready to go to my Rural exam 
Getting ready to go to O'Hare to drop off Esther. 
Getting ready to go to the 8th grade graduation!!!!  
getting ready to go to the bank job...not looking forward to it! 
getting ready to go to the dentist ugh we hate the dentist  - VR
Getting ready to go to the DMV, then lawyer talking tomorrow 
Getting ready to go to the doctor.  
getting ready to go to the hospital 
Getting Ready to go to the last baseball game of the season 
getting ready to go to the Mets game with my Dad.  I hope it doesn't get rained out 
Getting ready to go to the new Cowboys Stadium for pics...more shopping...then to a movie.  Last day in Texas! 
Getting ready to go to the official &quot;last one&quot;   +  Still missing my Tapatio... y sin entender como es eso posible?!
getting ready to go to Urgent care..my head still hurts and it's been a week now 
Getting ready to go to Watertown for 4 days....gonna miss my babe! 
getting ready to go to work   have had two really busy days at school and really don't want to go in lol!
Getting ready to go to work  #fb
getting ready to go to work  wish i could spend the day with my baby
getting ready to go to work its sucks 
Getting ready to go to work soon 
finisat 4 rochii. vreau doar in pat, sa dorm.  pana scriu mailuri se face 3am din nou...
Finish Day 1 of Finals Test 
Finish Hannah Montana season 3 today  bring on season 4!!!! im bored already!! But looking forward to my tour!
Finish maths this morning, Management tomorrow...so it finally begins! but soo long til it ends!  [25th June] Freedom day
Finish my biochem exam. The questions were decent, but not enough time was given too complete it and I missed a 2 mark question. 
Finish packing, mom will be here, then I will be off to home, I will miss you VVS people so much. 
Finish relaxing now its time for LAUNDRY TIME    Have a nice night to all!
finish watching liao zai. Jimmy lin super handsome lo! Waha! And I stayed up for the whole night again. 
finish!!! now sleep... 
Finished #Gossip Girl  xox
Finished '1st 6' week @ Sea World  waitin for B so we can get the party started!! Riptide 09: CS, drummers, WES, all night all summer!!
Finished 2 papers. Uh...yay. Gazillion more to go.  I'd rather be reading Sookie Stackhouse books. So need to get my hands on the boxset.
Finished 2nd sock today.... Single was lonely for 4 whole months....sad single sock 
finished a 3 hr hair cut I wanted to cut off like 6 more inches  next time thick hair is ENDLESS I could make a wig from what I cut off
Finished Advanced REST article. But i cannot satisfy with the quality of the article. 
Doctor started me on blood-type diet yesterday... I'm B, so no more chickenn, nuts, lentels, wheat, chickpeas... *shrieks in despair!* 
Doctor today. Not sure they'll remove her tubes. Still filling with a lot of blood. She doesn't want those attached for another week. 
Doctor Who Marathon on SciFi and I can't be home for it. 
doctor, I completely forgot about it. This really sucks. 
doctors apointment tomorrow , Really looking forward to it 
doctors appoinment.. i m scared.. 
doctors appointment 
Doctor's appointment finally ended. Verdict: no running for 3 more weeks 
Doctors appt! 
doctors soon 
doctors this morning, nothing good comes from me going to the docs &amp; if its its anyfin to do wit my lip piercing i will cry 
Doctors today 
doctor's today   in LOVE with Kyle Schmid of Blood Ties and Death Row
Doctor's visit this morning went both good and bad.  I now get to be ill every morning for the next two weeks 
Doctors with mommy. 
Documentation-e final touch cholcche. Final code-e comment korte hobe 
Documenting my code! Man, but I've got to learn to do this AS I write it, not after. 
DoD~Identifies Caualties- SPC O'NEILL, CPT SIMS, SFC DUPONT  
Dodgers loose 5-4 against the Angels  (44-23 Record) CRAP!!!!
Dodgers lose, ruined my whole night 
Dodgers waste another lead off 
DODGERS WIN! Wtf why didn't i go tonight! 
Dodgers won.  but I was on the jumbotron. So I guess it evens out.
Dodging the treadmill today; thinking of the bike only, for a change of pace, see how that works out.  Getting bored with my routine 
Dodgy packet of Mcoys  boke!
doens't feel well. hopefully bbl. i miss you steph  rest in peace &lt;3
doens't have any voice .. I WANNA SING ! 
Finished all the scones 
Finished Andromeda. Actually had a good ending, but I'm sad nonetheless. 
Finished book 3! So sad it's almost over!  no more late night readings.
Finished Cabaret for ever  gonna miss it!
finished chipping into the wall - turns out I hit a copper pipe that this plumber reckons he can solder back together 
finished college forever  gonna miss everyone, depression kicking in  
Finished College now! This time 1 week ago i was in disneyland 
Finished day 1 of ???-rice planting. Blog &amp; pics later. I am fucked 
does #starhub support/have a #Win7 #device_driver for the mobile internet USB device  no internet for me from Win7 RC currently.
Does a git-vss exist? 
Does anybody have a Jonas Brothers 'A Little Bit Longer' album they can scan for me? I have it, but i don't have a scanner  begging you!
Does anybody have an original Final Cut Studio 2 serial number they could lend me? For some reason mine wont work  thank you!
Does anybody in the states have the iPhone 3.0 OS yet? 
does anybody know how to say 'horeur' ? like, is it like 'horror' ? i say it like 'horror' 
does anybody know how to unsync an mp3 from wmp? my mp3 used to sync with a diff. library.... 
Does anybody want to make me a pop star?  http://myloc.me/44aF
Does anyone also know how to get that home button thing in the ipod settings app working. I have it on ipod but it never works  
Does anyone else have a PS3? I have no friends on PSN. 
Does anyone else have an issue with twitterific? It just wont work on my iPhone anymore 
Does anyone else have problems with Tweetdeck? my whole window is empty and status is unauthorized cant send tweets 
Does anyone else still play neopts? I have no neofriends (except for Dylan). I am a very lonely person 
does anyone even seriously celebrate 4/20 anymore? what a fucking joke lol. first day back from break, ehhh 
Does anyone has a room for me in Antwerp?  Sick of searching...
Does anyone hate having a cup of drink and they can't help but drink it all at once? 
Does anyone have a @passionpit album they would like to put into a zip drive and then send it to me? Cause I just broke mine. 
Does anyone have a Motorola phone charger? My battery is almost completely dead  #barcampnyc4
Finished eating, I don't think I'm full already 
finished Eclipse. Miley should of won the actress award thing not Ashley Tisdale. 
finished editing, the upload i'll prob take ALL  night 
Finished English paper 1. Gonna go back into school and do paper 2 round half 1. 
Finished english. Only got monologue left to do. 
finished facial... bought lunch... finished lunch.. now at home.. stoning... wanted to watch movie.. but no seats... 
Finished Fame. So tiring 
finished first day of residency orientation. Got the pager - now on a leash 
finished geography draft.. now onto english.. i think this is the hardest i have worked all year  hahaha
finished gym. but haas lost.  i thought he was going to win!
finished gym...abs hurt 
finished her training today with Vanessa and Robert. Why is the season almost over?  Well, but I guess I need some time to relax.
Finished last in trivia tonight... There's a first time for everything  in San Francisco, CA http://loopt.us/fJGrGQ.t
Getting ready to go to work! 
getting ready to go to work! ah it's only gonna be like 60s today 
getting ready to go to work, 
getting ready to go to work, another rainy monday 
Getting ready to go to work, GAY! And its raining 
getting ready to go to work, wish i knew when i was going to be done  seriosuly, who puts a ? for an end time
Getting ready to go to work. First day of seven 3pm to 11pm shifts and I feel tired before I start 
Getting ready to go to work. Mondays are suckish. 
Getting Ready To Go To Work.... YAYAY 
getting ready to go to wrk 
getting ready to head back to the Big Apple. 
Getting ready to head back to the Nash. Guessing I'll be at least a bit homesick 
Getting ready to head off for a hopefully victorious game of Dodgeball, up 3-1 so far this season. Still haven't seen the Cobra Kais 
Getting ready to head off to work, although my arms and back are all achy for some reason  Not nice!
Getting ready to head out, doing my cousins hair for her and then the dentist ugh to have yet another tooth yanked out  lord help me lol
Getting ready to head to northern WI for the weekend!!  Sad that my hubby has to stay home and study for the Bar 
Getting ready to head to shanghai for my last full day in china. 
getting ready to head to the airport....this has been an awesome trip...i dont want to go home 
Does anyone have a Passion Pit album they would like to put into a zip drive and then send it to me? Cause I just broke mine. 
does anyone have a spare tmobile phone i can use? i cracked my screen on my g1 
Does anyone have a tracklisting for the De La &quot;Are You In&quot;? I see other writers referencing tracks and I don't have one... 
Does anyone have a windows vista instalation disc I can borrow 
Does anyone have an extra ticket to see Phoenix at Park West on Saturday?! I'm so depressed, I thought I already bought one but I didn't! 
does anyone have any extra lip studss. I just lost one of mine 
Does anyone have like...$490,000 they want to give me? My townhouse is for sale and I don't want to move 
Does anyone have the website for the prom photos? I left my card in dad's car 
Does anyone have their green English book? Rewriting a MI2 essay without it is hard 
Does anyone know a CHEAP motorcycle mechanic in LA? I mean RECESSION cheap!? Maxine needs her cases split and a shifter fork replaced. 
does anyone know a cure for heat rash 
Does anyone know a good place to buy discounted gift certificates for massages? Zspotlight.com appears to be sold out. 
DOES anyone know a way to inhance your breast size without surgery??? I have such tiny boobies  its starting to make me sad!!!!!! lol
does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp
Does anyone know how F4 is?! *sigh* I miss them 
Does anyone know how to fix this? I'm making a WP theme and it says &quot;missing a template&quot; This has never happened before... 
does anyone know how to get pics from your pc onto your ipod touch ? i cant figure it out  HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Does anyone know how to get your email account un-blacklisted? Hotmail/yahoo/Gmail &amp; some others keep bouncing my emails back 
Does anyone know how to make your email work on an itouch? It keeps saying &quot;that email isn't valid&quot; when I try to reply 
Does anyone know how to retrieve all my stuff in THINGS? @ijohnpederson lost my stuff in last nights computer cleansing.... 
Does anyone know how to scale a pic down I'm trying to change my pic but all my pics r 2 big n I keep cropping them...HELP 
Does anyone know if eating a whole bag of Ricola cough drops is bad for you? It's the only thing keeping my voice... alive. 
Finished leg one of my summer trip. Stuck at the Mother inlaw's.  
Finished looking at modules and conclusions are same as they were, now to get back to trying to find work.  I need some luck, please.. &gt;_&lt;
finished lunch at my desk, aaaagain 
Finished lunch...YUMM! chease and stake burito...poor stake  im sorry!
finished M.C. Law. This #manga could've had much more potential 
Finished making nice pretty posters and flyer's for the showcase, now back to coding and database work 
Finished midnight sun today! Jessicow is highly upset cus I was supposed to read it with her 
Finished movie...R hip hurts AGAIN... 
Finished my art project. It turned out pretty bad 
Finished my book but I don't think I have another to start 
finished my burrriiittttooooo 
Finished My Chinese food.  Never ordering from that place again.  
finished my degree and left winchester forever  bad times!!
finished my design assignment yay. Now to write y english discussion bummerrrrrrrrrrrr. I miss caeron 
Finished my dinner. It was a harvest. 
Finished my exam and watching some tv to relax a little, but then its back to the books... 
finished my garden...now it`s raining in Cologne  Babe i miss you please give me a call....
finished my latest series of prints tonight! but made a retarded error on the last layer of one of them at 3 am 
getting ready to head to work.  Derby weekend was not kind 
Getting ready to hit the road for about an hour, should be back by 745am. 6 hour sleep tonight! Too much caffeine yesterday 
Getting ready to learn some more technology tools to use in my classroom #utc2009. I am sad that UTC is almost over. 
Getting ready to leave for three 12's in a row  Thinking about having a garage sale to support our summer plans.
getting ready to leave for work.... then work early tomorrow then to columbia 
getting ready to leave in a lil while....and i think i broke my hairdryer 
getting ready to leave the lodge and saying goodbye to everyone 
Getting ready to leave Vegas. 
Getting ready to leave Vegas... 
Getting ready to leave work...a little depressed...thinking about my Grandfather...I miss him 
Getting ready to leave. Goodbye Florida. Goodbye grant. Goodbye Band boy. Aww this makes me sad. Goodbye good times.   http://twitpic.com/
Getting ready to meet the girls for a picnic. Shame the suns not out  lovelove
Getting ready to play my first adult basketball game and i have to poop bad. 
getting ready to run in the rain! 
getting ready to say goodbye to www.sweetbox-nation.com  new domain XD
Getting ready to scrub hubby work clothes in the tub...start pre-soaking them in about an hour  I HATE our washin machine!
getting ready to see my cousins graduate.  gonna miss em.
Getting ready to see the girlfriend in Coventry woop woop cant wait, its gonna be a long bus journey though 
getting ready to shop till i drop......as long  as Mason agrees! We are home alone today 
getting ready to sleep in the living room.. a/c on my side of the house is broken. 
Getting ready to start making adjustments for the new position. A bunch of apps that are IE only 
Getting ready to start my day looks beautiful outside &quot;for now&quot; the days in S. FLA have been so gloom and rainy lately 
getting ready to start my work week, it's so not TGIF for me!! It's monday 
getting ready to start the day...i slept on the floor last night  and my mom wasnt giving me much peace
Getting ready to start work.  It is to nice a day to work in side.  
getting ready to start work. Dont know if my new &quot;calf&quot; is going to make it.  
Getting ready to swim. Just washed my hair yesterday. UGH! Hate I'm no longer natural. 
getting ready to take Bubba to the vet   
getting ready to take my lil man to the doc... croupy cough=no good 
Getting ready to take the little dog to the Vets for vaccinations. She is gonna be angry w/me 
Getting ready to take this dumb math test.  learning + summer break = no fun!
getting ready to talk at Security Summit for Public Sector here in Ottawa at Chateau Laurier. I'm drugged up to help reduce congestion. 
Getting ready to watch a movie... Still hangin from last night! 
Getting ready to watch kobe drop 50 in a lost to the magic.....top5 fav players in league=kobe 2nd fav team in the league is magic 
Getting ready to watch lenos  last show 
getting ready to watch living proof oh yahh carrie is gone for 5 weeks she left us  i so sad
Getting ready to watch the parade today...but it's so windy out 
getting ready to wish my friend bon voyage  lucky moo is going travelling!! *JEALOUS* x
getting ready to work 10:15-4:15, then Fio's going away party 
Getting ready to work, missed my gym today  though friday thru Sunday will go..
getting ready work 
Getting ready, going to the cemetary to redecorate my dads, then to the farm. ily daddy 
getting ready, my poor puppy 
getting ready, then going to get starbucks for me and my girlies, then working 10-3, then coming back to study for the rest of the day 
getting ready, waiting for cor, picking up josh, movies &amp; out to dinner - then trailer perhaps? baccck to work tomorrow  
getting ready.  need to leave by 9:30.  aiza's flight is at 1:15 am.  i hate seeing my baby sister go.  
Getting ready. Flying back to Flawduh today.  Only glad to be leaving this weather.
Getting Ready.. !!! hmmm not sure what to wear...its cold outside.. 
getting ready; then work 1:15 to 9:30; ooohh jooyyyyy 
getting readyfor my night shift! 
getting really fustrated cause my radio disney keeps stopping 
Getting really guilty 
getting really sad that no one wants to talk.  
getting really sick of nelena fans. i have no problem against them but when they start bashing people who don't deserve it... 
Getting really sick of working with IPTables.  I honestly don't see where my logic is failing here, so I feel like I'm the idiot. 
getting really tired of all these shitty jobs... 
getting redy 4 brum  etting annoyed bout a few things too
getting reeeeaally hungry now. need to leave work. too busy. 
Getting rid of clothes, handbags, and... Shoes. 
getting scared of the swine flu! 
Getting seriously pissed just by the sight of her  not good.. #fb
getting set to clean clean clean since it's raining 
getting sick  cough. cough.
Getting sick and when I look out to the terrible weather I get even more sicker.  SNARF!
Getting sick of NY weather, not because I live there, but because it's messing up the US Open!!!  
getting sick of office politics!! 
Getting sick! NOT feeling good at all... 
getting sick...guess I'm not invincible after all 
Getting Sims 3 tomorrow. I wanted it today but I couldn't get to the store so I have to wait  Oh well 3 days left of school in Jersey!!!!!
Getting sleep  After 3hrs I have my final exams!  #squarespace
getting so drunk that you have to be put to bed at a party is way not cool. sorry everyone 
Getting so frustrated.  God, I need a vacation... 
Does anyone know if I lent out my Final Fantasy Tactics game out to anyone? I cant find it anywere 
does anyone know if Oracle AQ is available in Oracle XE? if so, what is required to configure it? digging for docs and finding nothing 
Does anyone know if real estate agents help you find apartments or condos to rent? I am having 0 luck on my own 
does anyone know if you can get more than 5 levels of grouping in Photoshop's layers? I need more than 5 
Does anyone know of a free app that can convert a windows .ico file to .png with the alpha channel intact? Irfanview can't do it. 
Does anyone know of a male-oriented version of chiconomise.com? Want to look good damnit, but don't have the Cash Monet 
Does anyone know of some good red pumps? I've been looking in all brands but found nothing except a pair of dolce's on pre-order for fall 
does anyone know that site called ilike or something and it has a drawing game. I forgot what it's called 
does anyone know the average apartment rental cost in Stockholm Sweden...or in the surrounding cities??Having trouble finding information 
Does anyone know the photo policy at the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre? Can't find info on their website or automated call center 
does anyone know what can help to stay awake other than coffee?! I'm so tired!! 
Does anyone know what channel klhoe is on? I have xm... 
Does anyone know where RiversRunRed went in SL? the public island is gone 
Does anyone know why Abrams and Bettes (Weather Channel)was moved to 7a.m??? 
Does anyone knows anyone who works for NISSAN??? 
Does anyone kow how to unpack a rar.-file on a Mac. Every program I installed so far doesn't work  (me being an idiot is also possible)
Does anyone play armored core online anymore...i feel so lonely....    
Does anyone really use DIGG anymore?  I just can't seem to get into it again, not fun  
Does anyone remember Zotz candy? My family doesn't. Makes me feel old.  http://www.oldtimecandy.com/zotz.htm
Does anyone saw the Updates from msn?OH GOSH!I canï¿½t get the picture out of my head  and that is not very nice -.-
Does anyone think that, after 6 months, I should stop feeling guilty about the way my last relationship ended? I can't stop 
Finished my Project Monthly report. It's abt 8mb &amp; emailing it out is taking more time than the time i spend to create the whole thing. 
Finished my revision for the day  Now i have to worry about the exam tomorro :S .  Might have to do even more revision! 
finished new resume and b-card.  working the whole weekend 
Finished off a cool piece. Unfortunately I had to stare at droopy old lady vag to accomplish that 
Finished on the Bubble. Can't believe it. What a Bummer 
finished one video but its not good at all   i dont know why i cant transfer my thoughts and ideas in a video.
Finished Part 1 (the first week) of Katawa Shoujo. That's all available right now.  Time to get 100%.
finished patching audition but it's not allowing me to access! what's this 
FINISHED PE CHECKPOINTS and my bio grade just plummeted, fuck 
Finished programme for Sherborne Chamber Choir @ St. Martin's, Zeals tomorrow night. Final concert of term 
Finished radiata stories...again. Have to replay it.....again 
Finished reading a very long but very good fantasy fiction book by Patrick Rothfuss. 1st in a series though, no idea of the 2nds release 
getting so sleepy wish i had a teddy bear 
getting so upset my computer is being a total twat, Imovie is saying generating thumbnails is going to take 15 mins and running so slow 
getting some gas &amp; lunch and then back to Nashville/Murfreesboro- looks like a rainy drive 
Getting some school work done. Is it just me, or was this semester ridiculously short? Oh noes, finals 
Getting some sleep before another EXCITING day of work!!  - http://bkite.com/07Sxq
Getting some work done on the RWF site. I'm a little behind  But not for long, haha
Getting stressed. This party is turning into a huge deal again and my head is hurting 
getting sunburnt while working - need to get more sunscreen 
Getting super pissed because I can't get tickets to Blink  grrrrrr....
Getting super stressed due to stupid MS Word 2008 which keeps crashing 
finished reading my sister's keeper. my face will be bloated for the next few days. any remedies? 
Finished revising side 1 of French. Now for side 2....    
finished school work for now....sad that @souljaboytellem is not coming to miami 
finished season 1 of Entourage  Vince, bring me season 2 and 3
Finished sending Hannah off to camp. Last year of pre-teen for her  Now on to packing!  Wish me luck
finished skating outside. It's been nearly 10 years since I started, yet I still suck at it just as much as before  I just wanna shuvit...
finished socials homework..  so tiredd
finished South Beach Sizzle, and still wants to finish a book to night unfortunately, we have classes tomorow... 
Finished spreading horse manure on gardensâ€”1 chore done! So much more to do, plus busy-busy with lots of editing projectsâ€”no time for fun 
Finished tanning but couldn't go to gym cause I have a slight fever 
Finished the half broken down. A cramp in my right calf almost knocked me out but I still finished with a 1:57 time (49 min @ split) 
finished the half-blood prince! -wipes tears- 
Finished the HW... going to lay down till Mason gets up from his nap! Probably won't be long 
finished the kitchen; the rest of the downstairs is now about 75% there.  I'm a neat-freak stuck in a habitual clutterer's body. 
Does anyone use Flock?  My accounts &amp; services info in the sidebar has disappeared. Anyone know how to recover them?  No help from Flock 
Does anyone wanna just install Wordpress MU and Buddy Press for me? 
does anyone wanna tell me where my believe bracelet is? 
Does anyone want me around anymore...cause i dont want me around...  *shawna*
Does anyone want to sponsor me to go home to El Paso for my brother's graduation? I need $305 by the 11th 
Does anywhere have any road bikes in stock? 
Does Davecokin care that I tried adding him with no success?   SteelerJ_sun
Does Emran Hashmi *have* to be in every music channel after 11 pm? 
Does Green tea Keep you up? cause I think its keeping me up  errr I just want to sleep !
does it alert people when you favorite their tweets because I ALWAYS accidentally favorite things then have to un-favorite it 
does it have to smell like weed ALREADY? I wouldnt complain, but its hot and now i cant open my windows. 
Does it make sense that the IKEA desk I want is $80 but S&amp;H is $230?! Had to buy a different desk and settle 
does it sound wrong if i say i miss her already? cuz i do.. 
does miss knight not teach us anymore 
Does N E 1 use MetroPCS, or have unlimited txting? Can't wait to split with T-mobile. Bill was an extra $50 this month from txt overage. 
does not appreciate having a stalker....It's scary 
does not come from a land down under, where women glow and men plunder 
does not enjoy losing her wallet. 
does not enjoy packing things away 
Does not feel good! 
does not feel good...at all...ugghhh. this is no fun! 
does not feel herself in these &quot;business&quot; clothes 
Does not feel like a 3 hour serving coffee shift on my own, and not sure exactly what to do as never done this shift before... :S 
does NOT feel well, and CANNOT sleep 
Does not get twitter!!... Forgot it was Dads Day  xoxo
does not have 3.0 yet.  http://tumblr.com/xbh23c2eu
does not know what to do or how to do it.  http://plurk.com/p/p4wt3
does not know what to do with his homework.  http://plurk.com/p/p5zyp
does not like broken dj mixers one bit.  Sorry everyone. 
getting the donut off the ride today! laughed so hard w/ breezy last nite during wipeout, think I pulled somethin  need 3 Help desk peeps!
getting the final packing done for @fevered to move out today. Who's gonna hold me when I get back? 
Getting the house ready for the trip. Tiger-Cat is gone for outsourcing ...  will NY be friendly to us?
Getting the house tidy ready for estate agent 
getting the kiddies ready for bed.. good night 
Getting the last of my cavities filled 
Getting there. 2 out of 4 pages done. I need sleep 
Getting tired  not looking forward to tomorrow either
Getting tired of not knowing when I will see him again, much less get to finally be with him. 
Getting tired of playing cat and mouse games w/thunderstorms..horses not out consistantly in week  Now 90 w/100%humidity....ugh!!!
getting tired with that kind of 'friendship' 
Getting tired, tomorrow i am taking a math test  and finishing intern stuff.
getting tired. should probably sleep. last day at junior high church before graduating.  i'm so sad. so many memories.and i don't...
Getting tired. Will try to finish the book in the morning. Too bad the library is closed today and tomorrow. 
Finished the last of my 18 extras for this week whilst on camp with year 9s. Twitter is likely my only contact with the outside world 
finished the last of my easter eggs. now im eggless 
finished the Paramore and The Almost layouts. Ugh time for bed, my eyes hate me. long day tomorrow. 
Finished the Twlight Saga..it was good. Too bad I finished it. 
Finished the Wordpress upgrade. Now, I would go to coffee if I didn't stop drinking it about 10 days ago 
finished the worst exam of my life at last!! Pressure lifted but still quite sad the whole things over now 
Finished True Blood, so freaking awesome!  For the first time, I'm actually sad that I don't have HBO 
Finished Uni now still not gone completey 'mad' think i am too much of a stiff unfun student 
Finished watched EAsone good items like mass effect 2 and maybe NFS:S but overall dissapointed  @AndyMHolt buy one, you need one!!
Finished watchin nancy drew. Now wht?? @O_Olivia hmm idk! but guessa'll b stuck on da permiss part hhaa nawt yet vi 
finished watching &quot;Marley &amp; Me&quot; what a tear jerker 
finished watching &quot;the boy in the striped pyjamas&quot; a few minutes ago. feeling very verklempt. schmuel was so precious. what a sad film. 
finished watching anime Chrono Crusade and it was very good, and it had a sad ending, i cried  ...  lol, dont tell anyone.
Finished watching doctor who, was a good episode, bye bye David Tennent 
finished watching Firefly last night. the last episode made me  @ethanalan there is also a movie of it too, called &quot;Serenity&quot;, must find..
Finished watching Maneater it was AMAZING! Erin wasn't really Erin he was Ethan. And then mama died which was sooooo sad 
Finished watching Pushing Daisies finale and True Blood Season 2 Episode 1. I'm sad pushing daisies is over. 
Finished watching the footy. Origin is awesome. Should be every wednesday of the season! Shame qld won! 
finished watching the Hills finale;the last episode with Lauren  and now watching MTV Movie Awards!  finalyyy!
Finished with class, now in the library studying away...so much fun 
Finished with the (very) first season of Doctor Who.  Wish that so many episodes weren't missing from the early Who 
Finished work =D now need to get another white top cos my badge marked the one i had over this. 
finished work...its 1.36AM ...this is crazy...i gotta be getting ready to get back to work in less than 12 hours 
Finished Yesterdays work.... Ugh.. Getting to work on todays now 
Finished YG in time for The Hills! So great! I'll miss Lauren! 
Finished. That is the fastest I have ever done a chapter. I'm going to take a break! Circuit Class at 10am at Fitness Evolution! Yay  !!
Finishedd skool woo, goin to get my glasses frm specsavers woo haha, dont wna wear em tho  x
Finishedddd. I feel like something sweet. And we have nothing 
Finishied work and pullin together energy to celebrate mommys bday ... Sooooo tireddd 
finishing a Macbeth essay for english!!   not fun lol
Finishing assignments. 
Finishing cleaning the bathroom, then leaving Town House 5C forever... 
Finishing doing all this advertising for the @ashlynn_Brooke feature in southington. Need to finish my coffee 
Finishing interior design project then studyingg for math final 
Finishing laundry before packing for #WWDC  Couldn't check-in online for my flight  #delta #fail
Finishing my Heineken then going to bed. I had a fun night with Kendra. I miss my boyfriend 
finishing my history assignment. i havent organised anything. its due tomorrow morning.  looks like im gunna have a late night.
Finishing my homework 
Finishing my maths revision for tomorrow! It's taking the piss 
finishing my physics report... on a sunday afternoon 
finishing my textiles folio, such a freaking waste of time. textiles exam tomorrow  soon, it will be over! yay!
finishing my works, yeaks 
Finishing off a crummy night by doing bills.  Whee!  On top of it, my bank account is a little lower than expected cause of my vacation. 
Finishing off a great and long weekend. Now time to sleep and wake up to a brand new long week of school *sigh* 
Finishing off a project with having a bad headache 
Finishing off my RME homework now. Got a bad feeling about today; I think we'll leave the house to go to on a walk or something. 
finishing one shift in 37 mins... drive half an hour and start all over again till 1am...and back in @ 11am tomorrow .. and its sunny 
Finishing packing cause I'm moving to Georgia 
Finishing pre-surgery phys therapy session on my left shoulder. Monday is THE DAY 
Finishing the literature mid-term  tomorow still have exams &gt;&quot;&lt;
finishing up all of the costume feet in time for AC -- it drags on forever, i think making feet is really boring  boo ...
Finishing up drivers ed. Then us history regents 
Finishing up Little Jurassic People Trailer. Almost no time to check out E3 
Finishing Up my National History Day Project  
Finishing up office clean up ... it's amazing how much junk can pile up if you aren't careful 
Finishing up packing, getting maps together, and driving to the beach...in a thunderstorm...that is following me east. 
Finishing up this darn lab hw. 
finishing upp last homework stuff and projects !  
finishing video edits for a b2b SpaBerry hot tub eblast [ http://b2b.thespaberry.com/b2b.html ] - shame you can't email flash vids 
Finland - Eurovision beginning to take toll on mental well-being. Even girls in glittery body-hugging dresses aren't helping. 
finna call it a day  should have never stayed up this late
Finna Clean 
Finna get back to work. These long nights and early mornings have me discombobulated. Seriously.  I didn't know what the date was 
Finna head to the airport. Vacation almost over 
Finnally got off my arse and finnished stripping my bedroom wallpaper. Four hours it took 
finnaly friday ! sucks i gotta work all weekend  but its all good bc its gonna rain all weekend so its what evr at home now chillin
finnished homework goin 2 bed luv BEK i still feel sick in the tummy 
Finshed English, revising Biology. 
finshing up things that i didn't get around to yesterday 
firday night and im up to.... Nothing  lol working in the morning blahhh
Firday night Husband cleaned &amp; &quot;cooked&quot;... Soapy coffee pot + Wendy's = being sick for 3 days!    and Husband doesn't know why!
fire alarm gone off  I need to get closer to the kitchen  and cook properly
Fire alarm in college can be a scarry thing. 
Fire alarm went off at my work building, so I have to stand outsdide alone because I am the 1st one here... 
fire at San Antonio!!! hope no one got burned  i feel bad for the victims..
Fire call today missed it 
Fire in the shit chip shop next door. Brilliant. Standing outside in case it spreads 
fire in the south Tower...now i'm stuck in Riddel! 
Firealarm have just gone off for the second time this morning.         m.Br.
Firebug is not being my friend right now 
Fired the pool guy   cleaning it ourselves now  no clue what we're doing! We'll just have to &quot;dive&quot; right in I guess!!!
Firefit competition not scheduled for Toronto this year.  So sad 
Firefox 3.5 Beta 4 and TYPO3: Looks really good but the &quot;Clear all cache&quot; Button is not working 
Firefox again taking upwards of 600k of memory, time to restart ff 
Firefox and Flock both crashed on an older iMac but still work fine on the new iMac. No new programs. removed and re-loaded no luck 
Firefox greys out often in my Ubuntu 9.04 rc. Is this a bug? 
Firefox has stopped working after installing Flock 
Firefox is being a bitch and won't stop crashing 
Firefox is having a fit so I can't use TwitterFox 
Firefox keeps crashing on me  updated yesterday
Firefox on Ubuntu does not seem to like linkedin.com. Loading of widgets and contacts never stops.. 
firefox still with problems 
firefox your so good thats why i click a link and you turn an unordered list into an ordered one, no matter how much you refresh 
Firefox, Chrome and IE are really being cranky on my laptop today...Donno why 
Firewall comodo is a bad boy when you installing software 
Fireworks 
Fireworks all done   They were loud...I couldn't hear Bones over the noise. 
Fireworks every friday night in coney island. I missed this years debut. 
firmware 3.0 do ipod touch nÃ£o acessa headset bluetooth comum, sÃ³ stereo.... valeu apple. 
Firrst Fathers Day without my father  
firsst day of school after holiday 
First #EdMcMahon, now #FarrahFawcett... #Cancer is such a devestating disease  #RIP
First 20 minutes of UP were amazing.. The rest was dumb though.  
First 24 hrs withOut my BB...  serious struggle! I MISS U BB
First 5 day working week in awhile.... never going to make it 
First ADR Session Monday! But also the last we see of the Cardona girls before they go and get famous 
First AH1N1 death in Philippines and Asia but woman had pre-existing illnesses 
first american idol finished, now bgt has finished 
First and last IMAX movie for kat ... IMAX= MIGRAINE 
First break, feeling the pinch now, quite tired, 3 people phoned in sick meens I go home at 3 and go back for 2 hours at 9pm tonight 
First Breaks almost over!!! Awww!! 
first car accident today..just now...old mexican guy hit me  fuck
First cavity ever 
First chance to sit since 3... I'm thinking of staying out here. At least the tips are good tonight! No hotties in my section. 
First coffeebreak of the week, pfff.....another 38 ahead of me..... 
First David Eddings, now David Carradine. 
first day @ work after holiday... very exhausting... want do be in my warm bed... 
First day at @northlich! Whirlwind weekend of graduating, moving and celebrating. Bummer my bike was stolen the first night in Cbus 
getting tired... and lonely 
Getting tired...But can't bring myself to actually go to bed. I hate sleeping alone. 
Getting tired..don't know whether to watch The Ring(usa  ) or Aliens (100th time this month)????? Dilemmassss tuff life innit
Getting to go and leave for dance,, but I have a feeling that this is going to be a bad day  Hopefully Im WRONG&lt;&lt;
Getting to work 
Getting together with friends as a farewell to Hamed 
Getting too much &lt;3 from tweetin' my tweet screen s now eff f*** up, only showin 1line now instead of 2 
Getting undressed for the therapist...it's frigid in here 
getting unexpected $1000 of business income = WIN, faced with catching up on weeks of accounting admin = 
getting unsure of this no 'poo business.....kinda stinky 
Getting up alone again  weather is beautyfull 
getting up and fixing flat tyres first thing in the morning requires tons of motivation. havent been on the saddle for over a week 
Getting up and starting the day..it's chilly out, 
getting up at 5.30 am tomorrow  i might.. miiiggghht get a job out of it though.. maybe i should go to sleep now..
Getting up early for work again... 
getting up early is only going to mean i've got enough time to fish out my stuff from my suitcase after the weekend. not make me early. 
Getting up early on day off to read stuff for the podcast today argh 
getting up early tomorrow 
Getting up this early every morning is no fun. I already miss college  Happy to be a working girl though!
getting upset about someone  im lame
getting water in your ears  while swimming really sucks 
Getting xray of leg where I fell on it 2 weeks ago. Still badly bruised &amp; painful.  @Gulliver212
getting yelled about because im not responsible 
getting zero sleep before i hafta get up early again 
Gettinng laaaazzy  Watchin The Cider House Rules
Gettn back to wrk  no one evr cpmes in to say hi, lameness
gettn ready to take a trip to Jersey my dad's not doing so good, he needs a new heart~whoeva see's this please say a prayer for my dad 
Gettn sad! My familys about to roll out 
GF just left for work  just me and the little one until a few friends come over later tonight for late night drinks and gossip ;)
GFS has snow in MT and western ND next Sunday, kill me 
gg ps3  any chance at warranty support 2.5 years later with the yellow light of death?
ggeeeeeee so rainy outside really just wanna cuddle up but....i must go to class 
gggrrr, staff satisfaction survey time again 
Gggrrr... Have to join facebook now 
GGRRRrrrrrr... phone still not working...   
GGs not for me, 7 races and not 1 win, that takes some doing! Gr8 day out @ Perth. Lots of people drunk (not me): drink + sun + betting = 
Gha, off to work - hopefully traffic has cleared up by the time I get there!! 
ghost - just started ch4 now. shame im too tired  i
Ghost Hunters International on tonight from 7 to 10!  Thank goodness, I'm going through Steve withdrawals 
ghost hunting fail 
Ghost movie factory episode 2 is so funny yet so scary 
Ghost Whisperer :'( 
ghost whisperer is getting scary. 
ghost whisperer is on at 9pm on living channel! so excited but not pleased that i've only just found out it was on and missed 1st 5 eps 
ghost wisperer was intense... hahaha great show.. ok now music assignment time.... gahhh 
Ghostbusters download failed 
Ghostbusters game still not on torrents.  My hand is cramped from using WASD for PROTOTYPE.  Fuck video games 
Ghostbusters PC has online-activated DRM and no multiplayer? I don't wanna shell out $60 for a 360 game when I can get it on PC for $40. 
first day at alton towers, loveing it not that sunny tho  splash landings hotel is so much fun, getting tired now but it worth it x x
First day at Cisco...no more free sodas soon 
first day at WGME! 4 am came early this morning 
first day back at jts 7am! ah but im all by myself for 4 hrs 
First day back at school....  Boring. Funny. Exiting. Disy. Informitive. Scary.Tiring. Energetic - The normal School day.
First day back at work  and it's very tedious waiting for a data conversion to go through
First day back at work and I need to find a job I actually have an interest in 
First day back at work.  Would rather be with my boy.  
first day back in boarding house..wish im at home 
First Day Back In School &amp; The Weather Is Gorgeous! 
first day back to world after sick for 5 days. Can i go home yet? Gonna be lots of catchup to do. Yeck  
first day of class 
First day of classes...hate being up early 
first day of college. so beat 
First day of finals wish me luck I didn't study last night and to make it worse right after I have to get a cavity filled 
first day of grad school was scary.....paper due friday 
First day of june... HOORAY! My abs hurt. 
First day of nothing is over and I sense panic. I'm already scared about the future. I have no idea how to take a break.   
First day of school was a blast! But my feet hurts! Ouch! 
first day of school, majoor bummer. movie with d, e, &amp;f1. fuun though! -- so pissed off. err. trust me, you don't wanna know the reason, 
First day of summer and I'm already bored. 
First day of summer school 
first day of summer school  ... (and it's cloudy and cold, wth?)
first day of summer school  how fun !
first day of summer sucks!!!! its overcast and cold...  this isn't summer!?!?!?!?
first day of summer training  and 
First day of summer tutoring 
First day of summer vacation......colin was up at 7:00. Figures. 
First day of Summerfest! Bon Jovi tonight. Too bad I can't see them. 
FIRST DAY OF THE SECOND YEAR OF HIGH SCHOOL. PAAAIIINNN. 
first day of this summer program was...interesting to say the least! Tired and wanting to nap but its too late in the day 
First day of winter today  If it wasn't for the icy temps, the lack of sunlight, and frost on my windscreen, I'd have never known!
First Day of Work - Iâ€™m not looking forward to this  so nervous x http://tumblr.com/xqd2235rx
First day of work = rockin'! Flat tire on the way home =not so rockin' ... 
first day of work almost done, no gtalk access  but apparently a bb on the way? 24-7 unpaid on call ftl, hope i can tether
First day of work tomorrow!  I start at 9/have to leave the house by 7:45  UGH! Will twitter if I can about my day, or at the end...night!
First day off in 2 weeks, and i've got a cold 
First day out of school and my poor kid woke up sick 
first day outta school ... feeling very sick, because of him 
First day riding my bike to work yesterday, abruptly followed by first day of bike being stolen   Pawn shops, here I come.
First day without my kids and I already miss my summer campers 
first degree burns for everybody  fucking ouch 
first driving lesson  i'm so behind.
First ever studio shoot 2day with you,me at 6. Vry cool.Technical but the pics look good. Did get paint all over my jeans tho! 
First ever visit to Northern general. Cheers for the sympathy @moochoo and @theiBlog. I'm low priority harumph 
first exam done...  What a mess... Hope me luck for the later one...
first exam is done. It was bad. I didn't learn the right stuff 
first exam oveeer.. still 3 to go though 
first exam soon 
first exam tomorow morning 
first exam tomorrow....     
First fail, cant tweet from phone. Oh how I love my work phone 
First fathers day...and I get to spend it in the airport on my way to Minneapolis 
first final tomorrow, language . 
First for my oral  better pass
first fun video is postponed due to jury duty sorry 
Ghostbusters was sold out  but Paper Mario for to Wii is super fun!
Ghosts of girlfriends past... Cute movie, but reminded me that things like that don't happen in the real world...  ughhhhhh
ghostwhisperer was very sad 
Gi nganterin om rese ke city trans.. Huhuhu.. Ditinggalin.. 
Giants lost  driving home.
Giants lost today 
Gibbs sounds like a child... &quot;Kill those bugs...NOW!&quot;. He's so worried  #NCIS
giesal all dayyyyyy. come join meee! 
Gig is cancelled  .. Cynthia De Leon and I will be in the studio tonight!
Gig last night teas fab. Went to thw dragon too. Gay bars scare me despite the obvious. &quot;new meat wha&quot;. Tis bootiful Pinot grigio weather 
gig tonight cancelled - turns out the &quot;double booking error&quot; that meant I wasn't gigging last Saturday has happened again. Same Booker 
Gig was a mixed bag - played well but not many ppl came  Didn't get enough sleep and am very tempted to have some caffeine to get started!
Gilbert is a mean mean mean person.  I had a great night and it ended terribly.
GIMP crashed on me again... 
Gina is taking me to our meeting. Mom had to work 
first games today at 12 and 2. sunburn hurtsss. 
First general session t'was decleard - Larry Ellison had the most toys and wins 
First gripe. Internet access is free in the Press Room BUT had to pay USD 25 for a day's Internet access at the summit 
first harry, now gary?! summer sports in philly will not be the same this year  farewell, gary papa. rest in peace.
First hot weekend of the year and I'm smothering with a cold 
First injury of the season.. 
First it ate my disc now it's stuck at this.  http://twitpic.com/7vcvv
First jumper of the year. How many river suicides this summer I wonder. Last year was about one a week 
first load of laundry is in... like 6 more to go. 
First major #iphonefail since day one. lost loads of apps 
First mosquito bite of the summer. 
First MTV.com said The Hills Finale would be available at 9am.  Now 11pm... 
First night at camp and i am already homesick 
First night goin to bed before twelve in a very long time. I'm burnt to a Fucking crisp right now 
First night in my new place. Will see M tomorrow, but feel overwhelming, soul-crushing loneliness. Have no interest in sleeping alone. 
first night spent alone in 34 days... I know it's pathetic but it's really hard  i feel vulnerable
First off, Happy B-Day Melo! 2nd, sorry it looks like you and the rest of the nuggets will be goin' fishin' first not Cleveland. boo hoo 
does NOT like copycats...  disappointed to see photographers copying other photographers... *sigh* what happened to integrity? 
does not like earth climate and evolution 
does NOT like going to the doctor... 
does not like missing a chance to see her friend while she is one hour away 
does not like random people adding me on twitter...SHOO!!! PS. sydney is a freezer right now 
Does not like the F1 scene.. not ONE bit.. 
does not like the fact that her holidays started with work for the first 5 days 
does not like the fact that she has three twitter backgrounds for herself to make.  Plus icons. Plus learn to code. Plus finals &amp; packup. 
Does not like the idea of Stock Audit tomorrow 
does not like this idea at all!!! How am I supposed to say that to him though? Ahhhh!! I wanna beat my head on a wall.  text me? 344~3535
Does not need a poorly dog after such little sleep 
DOES NOT NO HOW TO WORK THIS TWITTERRRRRRRRRRR! 
Does not reccomend lime jello for a cold, it only makes things worse . Really wishes I could have gone to the dinner too 
Does not recommend lean cuisine's chicken pecan... Not very good 
Does NOT want summer school to start tomorrow 
Does not want this sneaky-inbetween-holiday to end 
Does not want to be here    
does not want to do her projects tomorrow at all  wanna help?
does not want to go back to sixth form today 
Does not want to go to gym today 
does not want to go to school 
Does not want to go to school today  But I'm going to have to . . .
does not want to go to school. plus its cold outside 
does not want to go to uni today 
Does not want to go to work at 5 
does not want to go to work today, and im not even working with the fishe today  
does not want to pack and sort, would rather just enjoy the sun 
does not want to take her car to the garage 2morro  its gunna cost so much!  bad times. &lt;3
does not want to think about homework 
does not want to work all day tomorrow 
Does not want to work at ALLLL! 
does not want to work today 
does not works 
does nt wanna go to work tommorrow 
does really not feel like talking today 
Does she really care about me? Am I being boring? IDK, I just want her back... i love u, but I wanna know wats wrong 
does she reply to someone whose not a celebrity? 
Does smoking help you sleep better at night ? Idk, but I can't fck'n sleep 
Does someone - ANYONE - have a school-styles email address I can use? 
Ginger shots from kauai not yummy 
Ginger snaps are  packing is 
Gino, you are killing me darling. Where are you ? 
Girfriend got mad at me for tweeting and texting too much 
Girl finished her Cocoa Krispies. We're going back up to bed. Ugh, gotta clean The Gaping Wound. 
girl on my team broke her nose  BLOOD EVERYWHERE. rough
Girl parts are revolting and the thought of getting up at 4am tomorrow makes me want to cry. At least I'm going home in two days. 
Girl reserved VIP for her bday party. Bottles for her &amp; 20 friends. Nobody showed up. Club took  the bottles back,gave her 1 drink ticket 
girl u're amazing, thank you for everything and sorry for being a bad friend 
Girl with the navy coat just fucking farted in the train yuck. 
girl...tell me about rude people...that's how i woke up to this morning, too.... 
Girlfriend had to leave already.  Probably going to bed soon! I love you Lindsay Addison Rich. 2-28-09 &lt;3
Girlfriend in pain makes Josh sad 
Girlfriend is back home  now wait for weeks again till she's back (((
girlfriend's laptop power cord just snapped in half.  anybody local got a spare one to lend her? 
first official day with my @tylerhwilliams all gone! it'll be a sad monday indeed  k
First official grounding of the summer. Why do kids have to be so mean to eachother? 
First package in... One more to go... Tomorrow... 
First pay with higher deductions applied - haven't been this poor for years. Screw the government, I want me monies back!! 
First period over and #Wings are up over #Pens by 1 ugh 
First phone update in a while. Trying to install leopard to play sims 3 
First raid I sign up for in 3 weeks and it becomes a no-go due to lack of attendance 
first safari crash on iphone 3.0. that didn't take long 
First Saturday in ages that I can have a lie-in and I'm wide awake at 7 am 
First scratch on my blackberry 
First set done, my heads not into it. Brother sounds good but he keeps looking over like he's worried about me. 
first she realises her nail has torn itself off, and then she knocks her foot against the wheel on her chair. OWWWW! 
First shift back at maccy d's...losing the will to live already! 
First spam e-mail to my mac e-mail.  ...and it's a hentai spam :/
Does the #spymaster game require posting on Twitter? I'm about ready to unfollow some people because of the constant game tweets. 
Does the phrase &quot;You're hired&quot; even exist? I feel like I'm never gonna hear it. 
Does the PS3 version of Ghostbusters have texture problems? http://tr.im/oMm5 - It sure looks like it 
Does this make you a bigger fan of Pixar? http://bit.ly/8E6XN -- it sure does. (via @drtiki)... ok, gonna go cry now.  (via @marilee)
does this mean I don't get a visit from mister lollipop? but....but... I ate my pees 
Does this mean no RapeLay?    http://www.hurl.ws/3rkf
Does TweetDeck not minimize to the tray?   Perhaps I should go back to twhirl...
Does Voki.com have a customer service dept? I validated the login and I can't get in. Email resent for validation. No reply to emails set 
does watching 'the big bang theory' + finding it funny make me half nerd???  
does your sack weep when it rains?  mine does.. and boy does it let me know about it 
doesnt  want to go to work lol 
doesnt allow walk-thrus  learned that 1 the hard way...&amp; drunk girls will do just abt anything- including sing into ur ear in a sexy voice
Doesn't care anymore!!! Tired of repeatin myself n tired of complaining! 
Doesn't eat any nuts anymore 
Doesn't even get to see Sarah before she leaves to Texas 
doesn't fancy the beach in this weather 
doesn't feel 100 percent. ugh 
doesnt feel good 
doesn't feel good 
Doesn't feel good  no me gusta nausea...
Doesn't feel good still 
Doesn't feel good to lose followers rather than gain them 
Doesnt feel good. . 
doesn't feel good. Boo! 
doesn't feel good. Oh this is not gonna be a good day 
Doesn't feel good... 
doesnt feel good...sore throat and my ear hurts  WTF
doesnt feel gud, may not work 2day 
doesn't feel like doing anything today ! bleh ! 
Doesn't feel like doing house work 
Doesn't feel like going out today but i have to 
doesn't feel like going to school on thursday...  http://plurk.com/p/1130qj
Doesn't feel like she slept at all last night 
doesn't feel like working what so ever this weekend  blah
Doesnt feel much better, im so weak, and i have to much congestion. 
doesn't feel positive anymore 
Doesn't feel so hot  I guess its nap time for me
doesn't feel so well 
girls in bed and sorting papers; packing tomorrow! 
girls next to my fitting are complaining their boobs are too big for their clothes.. wow bitches, i WISH i had that problem 
girls of the playboy mansion sem @hollymadison123, @BunnyBridget e @KendraWilkinson nao vai ser a mesma coisa 
GIT is hard to learn 
Give a man a fish, u feed him for the day. Teach him to fish, u feed him for life. Buy him GM, and u F**K him over for good.
give importance... Treasure it... Take care of it, coz U'll never know till when it's gonna last 
Give me back my profile image 
give me some secrets for winning r torment next Tuesday and for tomorrow!!!! please 
First stop D &amp; N grand opening followed by Randolph Pool party....in the rain 
First subj! Eco with Taxation... Prof? She's kind but the only thing I hate bout her is she's treating us like an elementary students 
first sunburn of the summer, my shoulders hurt.  anyone care to rub on the aloe lotion
First swine flu death in Australia: http://bit.ly/cdkeu . 
first the white screen of death,now the unresponsive black screen. home + wake buttons don't work, phone goes to auto vm..what the 
First there is thunder then it rains on the produce in Safeway. I miss hearing thunder  
First they delay the chat support then they have a new shift bid where my last shift was no longer an option 
first they took Boomer&amp; the Dave...then that Adam guy..now Xbeats?! what am I gonna do without Xbeats? 
First they were only allowed to have 1 kid. Now only 1 dog too  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31411348/ns/world_news-asiapacific/
First thing's first. Force myself to put my stockings on. I hate looking at my bed because it's got a cocoon of my doona, so warm &amp; cosy 
First time flying alone at lax  
first time i ever had a cavity!!! three of them!!!  on my way to philly with some of my girlies. shopping!! lol.
first time i sat down all day.... i need a break from life 
first time in 2 years i'm not lined up for an iPhone on day one... what is this world coming to 
First time in a long time when marxen and I agree that we are kind of scared of our patrol tonite. 
First time in a Walmart and I can't buy anything  argh! This place is A FREAKIN MAZING!
First time in years that i've not actually been at Silverstone for the GP  . Still, I'm sure I'll be there next year. #F1
first time ive been on the computer all day. im proly gonna have top help my sister with her 7pg english paper thats due tomorrow 
doesn't feel the greatest today... i have a headache and my stomach hurts..  not fun.
Doesn't feel too good! 
doesnt feel very good... 
doesn't feel very well right now 
doesnt feel well and is gonna have very puffy eyes in the morning  best try get sum sleep methinks. nite world 
doesn't feel well, at all. 
Doesnt fuckin feel good wants to go home 
doesnt get anything anymore like for example why only Nick and Kevin arent in Australia and Joes by himself in australia i dont get it 
doesn't get how the coldness of the wind can overpower the heat from the sun :S It's bloody freezing outside! Grrr! 
Doesnt get it 
Doesn't get it. People are crazy. 
Doesn't get the weekend off anymore  11pm-7am shifts at work, literally, this is a FML moment.
doesn't get to see her first real beach this weekend   Oh well... there are worse things in life... especially in mine
doesn't get to see Jon &amp; Kate 'til 9. But I fear I already know the announcement. (like the rest of you) 
doesn't get twitter &gt; and got heaps o hmwrk 
doesn't have a be-all, end-all, all-in-all, all-purpose iPhone with a headseat and can't talk to @davidstarlingm while she works.  
doesn't have a TV and really wants to be watching the Tonys... 
doesn't have ANY bills... no money.. 
Doesnt have any friends.... 
doesnt have any plan for tomorow 
doesn't have anyone to date right now, and that makes me sad.  
doesn't have anyone to talk to anymore 
-doesn't have anything to smoke anymore- 
Doesn't have her gameboy 
doesn't have internet at home anymore bc her roommate is a cold hearted witch. Not a good witch either. 
Doesn't have many twitter followers! 
Doesn't have to go to work tomorrow! Good times! Revision though 
Doesn't it suck when u think u got something, but u dont?? That's me now 
doesn't it suck when your on a diet and you want everything you can not have 
doesn't know how to spend her laste day of the holidays 
doesn't know how to use this 
doesnt know how to use this stupid thing like 
doesn't know how to use twitter. 
doesnt know how to work this lmao 
doesn't know how to write to Trending Topics on Twitter 
Given up on #CarPC WiFi. Moved on to touchscreen, and lo, it works!... well, until I suspend and resume. Then it doesn't work any more 
Given up on PDF parsing 
Given up on study, going to bed now and praying that some how i will have a good study 2mrw 
gives so much. haggard. shoot me.  http://plurk.com/p/12pxwq
gives up on waiting for youtube to be back up and running, so my movie monday video will not be posted.. sorry other members of ODD 
Givin myself a pedi while watchin the playoffs. Blazers are losin. 
Givin the hummer back 
Giving 9 cats a bath made my house sound like a torture chamber. Vesta sunk her claws into my arm - all the way through. I hurt. 
Giving away my sister at her wedding...can I get her back ? 
Giving Chloe a peanut butter filled toy because I feel guilty for being gone all day 
giving drilling for chinese literature test tomorrow morning one last shot.. 
Giving my father a foot massage. Keeping him company. Not doing well.  http://myloc.me/22HV
Giving my phone some more juice before it dies on me, had a short trip to Bournemouth, no Cob   http://yfrog.com/1a7ykj
First time I've had to go out and block  spam followers, gotten about 20 bogus followers in the last hour. 
first time I've sat down - and Peed, after about three cups of coffee - all day. My back is murdering me slowly and painfully. 
First time I've seen SWGas post a LV opening. But it requires much experience I don't have. Sigh. Different site, same story. 
First time seeing an icon I designed on AppStore, why freeverse add an ugly border &amp; what happened to the stamp  http://twitpic.com/7ocor
First time to go negative in my bank account!!  i am not a happy camper!! what was i thinking!
first time today in two weeks i didn't even pick up my mandolin. I'll have to give it some extra attention tomorrow 
First TJ's became unawesome and now Lowe's Foods. LF is no longer carrying King Arthur White Whole Wheat or Bread flour 
First to work: #SpiderOak. #Mozy &amp; #Carbonite barfed. 2.5 million files shouldn't be that hard  Was only a subset of the total too. *sigh*
first tricycle back-ride in 4 years because i used my car as a belt for a lamp post 
First Tweet from IM+ Still no Push option for latest version 
first tweet from tweetdeck.  sad day. sad sad day... i thought we were better friends 
First Tweet using Tweetie ...... and Oracle Bought Sun ???? MYSQL we need you 
doesn't know what is going on tonight 
doesnt know what she's doing! 
doesnt know what she's feeling. We dont belong 
doesn't know what the fuck to do 
doesnt know what the fucks going on..   why cant i just have what i want for once.. its so unfair now *sigh*
doesn't know what to believe.      going to the hookah bar with sean i guess
doesn't know what to do anymore!.. 
doesn't know what to do anymore. I love him in more ways than one. but we have been there and it didnt work. ADVICE ANYONE???  
doesn't know what to do anymore. I want something so badly that I don't think I'll get. I need a miracle.  please I'm praying!
doesn't know what to do. 
Doesn't know what to do...day is looking grim 
doesn't know what to make of twitter, im thinking of deleting and sticking with facebook  but then i'll miss famous peoples tweets 
doesn't know what to think... 
Doesn't know what to thinkkkk  fml
doesn't know what's going on. Just realized I hadn't heard from my pen pal, Rebecca, in a while, and just saw she's taken me off FB, too. 
doesn't know where her picture and background went. Come back! 
doesn't know where she can find the pink patala walah suit that i really want 
doesn't know why her body hates her. she is getting sick again and woke up before 7 am on a day when she doesn't even have classes 
Doesn't know why, but is feeling very down. And a trip to the gym didn't help 
Doesn't like being alone 
doesn't like being awake this early on a SATURDAY  #fb
doesnt like being home alone 
doesnt like being sick hates it with a passion can't lay down &amp; sleep bc I start couching within a few minutes UGH! 
Doesn't like being stuck in traffic with crying baby 
doesn't like CV dropping  makes me nervous!!
Doesnt like getting up ealry 
doesn't like grocery shopping anymore 
doesnt like having a barney wit the mother  buh i aint giving in
doesnt like her twitter name 
doesn't like it when people ask me if I'm pregnant.... I'm not I've jsut eaten too much chocolate this last month 
Doesn't like it when psycho lying ex girlfriends stalk me and find my work number and call me unexpectedly at work. Im still shaking 
doesnt like JK8 nearly as much now that JK are ignoring one another, rather than fighting. they're  no longer &quot;normal&quot; people 
doesn't like life at the moment  so stressful.
doesn't like life. ughhh 
Doesn't like men with long dirty fingernails and those who chew like animals  FML
doesn't like next wks sched. Fri is Nat's bday &amp;I close with Joe  Shit.
doesnt like religious experience 
first tweet, no one has twitter, 
First Twitter update ever... Air France flt AF447 (GIG-CDG) still not found. 
first two boxes are packed up 
first update on my new phone! Which is good bc my laptop is still busted 
first weekend of my vacation OVER....2 to go 
First year of uni, done! I miss it 
firstly -  suzan should've won... secondly... i hate this bloody weather  *sigh*
firstly : fuck u twitter .as it would not let me sign in 
Firstt Commmentt! imm boreeddd 
Fiscal year ending.... too much work!   
Fish fail day #2 
Fish fingers and potato croquettes it is then! Would love some baked beans, but they tend to hurt me. 
Fish is dying very slowly.. 
Fish oil pills are good for you but I keep burping up fish 
Fish Tacos...even the name doesn't sound right...  
fisher missed a wide open 3... 
FishFish is already dead 
Fishing is so boring   
fishy died 
Fishy is dead... he was a good betta... fish funeral later...stay tuned 
Giving myself a facial. Very necessary!!! My skin looks horrible!!!!  http://yfrog.com/0fzk0zj
Giving up on studying... it's pointless i just will have to cram tomorrow morning 
Giving up on terrible local broadcasting and going to sleep. I couldn't watch Conan 
Giving your gf a Xbox 360: BIG MISTAKE. Peggle all the time , what about some Jori time? 
Glacier retreat in the Swiss Alps  http://bit.ly/NyG2O
Glad for a day off. Too bad I gotta do a 3pm-close tomorrow. 
glad for two days off - five straight after tho   goodbye weekend
Glad golf was called off yesterday, I might have drown 
Glad I didn't go to our night service tonight, been getting pain on n off all day (not too severe thankfully)  
glad i get out of babysitting!!  but now i have to clean the house 
Glad I got a letter from one of my bffs today!! I miss her so much! 
Glad i have to drive in this 
Glad i never tried to replace the smashed window on the car myself. Watching the Pro do it and i now know why they charge lots.. 
glad i went out, even for just a lil bit.  Miss my sister now though 
Glad I'm not living my life for no one but me......Guess u can't please everybody 
glad I'm off tomorrow I need to do some maintance on my fish tanks my puffer and copepod tanks are dirty.. 
Doesnt like Sundays 
Doesn't like taking her medicine.... It doesn't make her feel good at all 
doesn't like taking painkillers. 
doesn't like that replies count as your, uh, tweet? Status? Update? I'm a terrible tweeter 
doesnt like the cold weather or the cooks river 
doesnt like the fact threads are bieng made now :L i dont see the joke  ?
doesnt like the people in the class 
doesn't like the rain 
Doesnt like the rain, hail and stormy weather in Perth at the moment 
doesn't like to drip dry 
doesn't like twitter 
doesn't like what going on between me and girlfriend 
doesn't like what she was informed of today 
Doesn't look like I'll be heading to Bris'ol for photos today  Maybe Weds...
doesn't look like i'm gonna meet up with @petewailes after all  gotta head back to guelph shortly
Doesn't look like the Hogs are gonna pull this one out 
doesn't love his fiance enough. 
doesn't love it when people don't answer their phones 
doesn't no what to do  hard decision....
Doesn't not want to go to work! Lovely peaceful day apart from that worry! 
doesnt quite feel too well 
doesn't really understand Twitter...Or Tweet Deck.  Help please someone?
doesnt really want to go back to work  3 weeks off just isnt enough it seems!
doesnt really want to walk home from the gym in the rain 
doesn't seem to be feeling well 
Doesn't seem to be snapping out of it  bath was good tho!
Doesnt start till 11!!!!!! No cameras allowed 
doesn't taste the cake batter in cake batter ice cream 
doesnt think her boyfriend could be anymore boring atm 
doesn't think it's gonna last 'til a year.  http://plurk.com/p/yt2sw
doesn't think she can handle a 9pm show and three opening acts on a Monday. au revoir Au Revoir Simone. 
doesn't think there are enough websites devoted to big boys wearing compression shorts or under amour t-shirts.  I should start one.
Doesn't think there are many things sexier than someone that can make music with their hands. (ie. guitar&amp;piano). I only have mi voice. 
doesn't think this weather is gonna be great for summer...I love the rain, but not for my summer vacation! 
doesn't think today could get much worse. I miss you Grandpa. 
doesn't twitter near enough. It's been a bad sporting weekend, Freo and the Cavs both lost. 
doesnt understand - how can I not have anything to wear? Its insane. I am officially dreading tonight 
Doesnt understand all this bnp stuff  wats goin on lol
doesnt understand anymore. a friend of mine died of a heart attack, 35ish, healthy, didn't smoke r drink much. 2 lovely children.bye Loz 
doesnt understand how it can be such a pretty day one minute and then turn so nasty and wet the next. 
Doesnt understand namecheap answer for Brazil question!!! 
doesn't understand twitter  xx
Doesn't understand twitter and has had an account for a while! That's sad! 
Doesnt understand Twitter at all  lmao. x
doesnt understand twitter at all. 
doesnt understand twitter, at all 
doesn't understand twittering? 
DOESNT UNDERSTAND TWITTTTER! 
doesnt understand why he wont tell me he loves me... 
Doesnt understand WHY her DH isnt more Adventuress!  He blew my plan out of the water.  
Doesn't understand why she bothers to try and make everything ok again, when you just throw it back in her face?  ! NYC hurryyy xo
doesn't understand why she keeps getting left out  what did I do?
doesn't understand why someone who &quot;loves&quot; me hurts me so damn much so often!  
doesn't understand why Stickam mobile won't work on his phone. 
doesn't understand why this is happening to his face just because he was in the sun.. i wanna cry 
Doesn't understand why twitter doesnt want her to upolad a picture 
doesn't understand...   
doesnt wana go to rehursuls 2moz 
doesnt wanna be at work 2day  
Doesn't wanna do month end tomoz... So sleepy n sick still... 
doesn't wanna get dressed up and be an adult today. 
doesnt wanna get up for work tomorrow am at all!!! 
doesnt wanna go to the gym!!!!! 
doesn't wanna go to work  where theres no air con or ventillation!  who needs slimmers world? just sweat the lbs off!!!!!!!!
doesnt wanna go to workkkk! 
Doesn't wanna have yoga anymorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!  : |
Doesnt wanna leave NY 
doesn't wanna love someone who is in love with someone else 
doesn't wanna reach Cheras at SEVEN in the morning tmrw. 
Doesn't wanna say it.............  
Doesn't wanna serve tex mex today 
Doesn't wanna study for science. No motivation! 
doesnt wanna take the global final tomorrow. 
doesn't wanna think about the housing situation.. 
doesn't wanna wake-up and go back to the sad reality that she's on her own again 
doesnt want 2 get outta bed, but needs 2 get ready 2 go work 
doesnt want anything to change, damn growing up 
doesn't want her boo to go back home on friday 
doesn't want her caroline edwards original tattoo to wash off  lol
doesnt want her kitty to be sick 
doesn't want India to go back to her dads tomorrow, im going to miss her so much.. 
doesn't want it to rain on saturday next week... 
doesn't want it to rain tonight. 
doesnt want it to thunder!!!! 
doesn't want lock to leave 
doesn't want my fun week to end  normal life must set in again. @JonellMartin i miss you too!!! T.T you need to come here and see us!
doesnt want school tomorrow  ew ew ew
doesn't want spring break to end.. guess i'll go start on my homework now 
doesnt want the 25th of june to come around quickly. i dont like my boy being in a band   x
doesn't want the day to end.... 
doesn't want the sunshine to go away 
doesnt want the weekend to end 
doesnt want this day to begin...its gonna be a looooooooooonnnnnggggg one 
doesn't want to 
doesn't want to be alone 
Doesn't want to be at work  in Santa Clarita, CA http://loopt.us/mkz89w.t
doesn't want to be at work! 
Doesnt want to be in school right now  people suck!
doesn't want to be sick anymore 
Doesn't want to be up yet 
Doesn't want to blow my nose any fucking more. Ok, where the fuck does it all come from??!!  It's impossible to have this my shit up there
doesn't want to do her music assignment 
doesnt want to do Science essay 
doesn't want to do the stupid school play. 
doesn't WANT to fix all the formatting and broken citations on this thing. 
Doesn't want to get out of bed but I have to. Grr. 
Doesn't want to get out of bed. 
doesnt want to go bac to toronto today 
doesn't want to go back to reality 
doesn't want to go back to work 
doesn't want to go back to work on Tuesday! 
doesn't want to go get her allergies tested today 
doesn't want to go home back to stupid hot weather and a gay effing job.  wish me luck on these next 90 days, they're going to be intense.
Doesn't want to go home. 
Doesnt want to go school tomorrow, but i have to!  x
Doesn't want to go to bed.   I have to be up in 4 hours. I better not dream about anything upsetting.
Doesn't want to go to her dentist app this morning!! But that's what I get for missing it yesterday. 
doesnt want to go to next lesson 
doesn't want to go to the doctor, but I think I have to.  Wow.
doesnt want to go to the stupid stupid exam!!! 
doesn't want to go to this party...  Hopefully we can get out of there quickly and go see Wolverine.
doesn't want to go to work today. 
glad it's cloudy out so i dont feel the need to be at the pool today since i'm bit sick 
Glad it's Friday but I don't get a longer weekend! 
Glad its friday but i have to work tomorrow  L??`z
glad Jenn &amp; Jason are having fun in Boston! Going on a bike ride with A and Lori, Sonic, bed, work earrrly  but with the besttt friend!
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc @joycethefairy @Azlyrahman @Aisehman  @MAHAGURU58 @hamzahzain
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc @KLCI @leslielau @Malaysian @Mahathir @Kuala
Glad Lee Kuan Yew doesnâ€™t want to see Lim Kit Siang  http://bit.ly/152vCc @MatCendana @oonyeoh @Mahathirmohamad @chunwai09
Glad my PC had stopped randomly crashing;  it wasn't very conducive to work  - http://bkite.com/06fNh
glad the boss is out this week, but not glad that I have all his work to do too 
Glad the week is done; but we are probably going to have to put down my older cat on Monday.  Its really sad.  
glad to be home.  rough day. 
Glad to enjoy weekend - But I have to plan my work for next week   An E-LearnerÂ´s work is never done
FITNESS DIARY, DAY 7: Shrunk my rice to 1/3 cup. Still 60-min workout... Yet I don't think it's making any difference. 
Fitted new bulbs! One blew immediately 
Fitted to run but feeling extremely lazy 
Five and a half hours of sleep is not enough. 
five dollar foot longs and babysitting nico because the aunt and uncle went on a date.  what a great saturday night.
Five Icon Dock doesn't like 3.0 
Five in the morning you always have a way of making me hate life. Ugh why does up training have to be so early 
Five minutes into this movie and im already crying. 
Five weeks since fall on pelvic bone. Still can't put any weight on left cheek while sitting. 
five years ago I went to the TONY'S... tonight I'm watching it from my couch 
fixed my bike today..   started to ride it. i then realized it had flat tires and i had no way to air em up   
Fixed my moped... but can't use it just yet       (Flat battery) -_-
fixed the RROD on my 360... but the xbox 360 is still not functional 
Fixin' soup for yo'self while you're sick jst isn't the same as some1 getn it for u. My head is throbbin w/congestion. Make it go away! 
Glad to realise I can still remember French! Now preparing Spanish classes for this week. This week not as exciting as last 
glad to see kym marsh she's had a bit of a bad time 
Glad to see the E3 booth babes are back   bummer I didn't go this year   http://tr.im/nC8m  #videogames #e3
Glad Tokio Hotel's site is now up and running. Doesn't want to revise. I want to write insteadddd 
glad we got out of china before the #twitterblock. hope it goes away after 6/4 or i'll miss my shanghainese twitter peeps dearly 
Glad Wednesday's test is only 45 minutes - enough time to keep up with WWDC! Pity about school... 
glade interface designer is PRIMITIVE!  its about time that sm1 makes a new one!
Glamorgan, Chester or Canterbury(broadstairs) Deadline for universities is tomorrow....where do i go! 
Glastonbury tomorrow   Is it wrong that I feel like crying??
GLENDA! I NEED MY WALLET BACK! 
Glenn davis youre a fat retardddddd. Lucky shot asshole 
Glens Falls, NY picked as &quot;One of the Best Cities to Raise an Outdoor Kid&quot; by @BackpackerMag - couldn't find a link on their page tho 
GLG will never EVER be the same 
glitter glue pens are great - but takes so long to dry 
global exam today  I need all the luck I can get so wish me some
global regents. noooooo! i need a hug  KellyVengeance;
glooks like round 2 of storms are going to be here soon.  Did i mention I hate storms?
Fixing an old USB mouse GPS that apparently had the antenna cable broken. My eyes are not as they used to be for smt soldering 
Fixing the computer is a bit iffy today. Danm  for failing Hard drives. 
Fixing to crash out after a long day... Sad for my friends who r havin it hard  It must be a full moon soon???
Fixing to go to bed! Not very sleppy though. 
Fixing to take a brutal test, I have had zero fun the last 3 days...study and work all the time 
fixing up my ipod cuz there is nuttin else for me to do 
Fixtures are out tomorrow.  I fancy a tasty away day first up.  And then I go on holiday for two weeks  what was I thinking!
fizzix havent started. 
Fk bby just started cryingg.. I guess that means his hungry! I wish I could cry n for people to feed me so fastt! 
fk sake where r my friends tweets  all i c is CHRIS HAS BOOBS !!!! :O
Fk walkingg all the way 2 socioo 
fk you myspace im going now 
Fk! My gauges are gonna close. I lost them  
FK, my 3G crapped out and is in a bootloop cuz I tried to reset the device  now wont boot - ideas any one? All I get it the apple! 
Flag day is freaking tiring! Having headaches now 
Flamenco tonight as Riccardo shuts the bull down at Cuerno.  #atlanta #atl
flamin hot cheeto puffs are burning up my guts 
flare-up's suck and all i have is ibuprofen 
Flash is so hard to learn  I'm gunna keep trying though because it looks so cool on website.
flash light tag made me sleeeeepy.  sad to leave indy tom 
flashed -- bug not fixed. 1 / 5 patches applied -- bug not fixed ...  
flat front bike tire  gotta get it fix monday before the lady sov concert (idk if i should be sad or happy??)
flat tire     damn.... have to rush now.......
Flat tire  ashleys grad party tonight
Flat tire 4tl... Plans canceled? Not sure yet... 
Flat tire was flat, So I decided to pump it up. Damn those things make a loud band noise when they explode &gt;.&lt;  no riding for me
Flat-ironing hair. I hate my ugly curls. 
Flatmates are still in the bathroom! ARGGH!! 
Flavors for today posted...sorry it's a little late  Still Check them out, and be sure to stop in and support Alex's Lemonade Stand!
Flea market was cool. Got the boys some toys and a necklace each. Burt got a game from his childhood. Nothing for me   didn't see anything
Fleamarket was not exciting 
Fleetwood Mac couldn't even walk past each other so I could get one pic with them in the same frame. 
flew WC class to DC yesterday  Recovering in the hotel now...
flght delayed.  it would appear that time has no class.
Flickaaaaaaa!!! This movie rocks.  I feel like watching 'The Notebook', but i dont have the movie  I wish i did
Flickr has the hiccups  I guess I'll spend time with the chins. http://tinyurl.com/q23a78
Flickr Uploadr crashes again... must try that Juploadr, this is just plain silly 
Flight 447. So sad 
Flight back home delayed for an hour 
Flight booked to malibu yay! Only a month and a half to wait now 
Flight delayed again.  We r never gonna get home.
flight delayed and freezing! 
Flight delayed at LAX... Thanks @SouthwestAir!  
Flight delayed by at least an hour because of a fuel spillage 
Flight delayed by one hour. 
Flight delayed out of DTW to Green Bay for 90 min ... So much for being home before my boy wakes up from his nap 
Flight delays stink. More so, after a fun wknd. BOS has probs with equpmnt in 1 runway, winds make other unusable. Only one is operating. 
Flight got delayed due to rain 
Flight home to Cleveland is booked! I miss home      see u guys soon!!
Flight in da am.... atl you were great! Gotta do that again... hello nyc 
Flight keeps getting delayed delayed delayed... could have stayed longer.  awesome.
Flight of the Conchords was excellent, wish I had gone to the Safe House last night when they were there 
Flight of the Conchords! My tv broke  #squarespace
Flight to Frankfurt delayed 
Flight today! I woke up an hour later than I wanted to.  Boo.
flight was cancelled  so far can't get out till tuesday 
Flight was delayed. Finally on the plane. The weekend is officially over 
Flip flops are a menace! I've cut one of my feet  Ouchies.
Flipped my 7 month old mattress to relocate the visible-even-under-sheets concave that had formed... under my butt 
Flippin longhorns. 
Flipping cloud cover, got goosebumps on my goosepimples now 
flipping dripping mad - bought lemongrass &amp; ginger cordial this am in glass bottle..just dropped it on the floor .  ofcourse it smashed 
Flipping hayfever. My eyes are redder than a baboons scrotum 
Flipping hayfever. My eyes are redder than a baboon's scrotum 
flly am not getting this whole twitter thing 
flo the dog has had all her hair cut off  she's bald!
floods in the Czech Rep. AGAIN 
flooooooding in sucat. i hate passing here ugh 
flopped trip Aces, turned nut flush... near impossible to get paid off 
florida lost first round of world series finals  maybe tomorrow!!
Flossed some bottom gums. Extremely bloody and sore now 
Floyd leaving for SG tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/120vka
Flu &amp;&amp; cramps at the same time 
Flu . . . Again 
Flu is taking over my house.     No way to start summer!
flu&amp;cough 
Flu'ed up to the hilt's. Listening to ibizasonica radio. No lucozade no orange juice 
fluffy bummed dogs - cute to won - awful clean after god knows what he ate  yuck
flunked her Physics paper and will be re-sitting the test on Friday! 
flushed my cell phone. literally. bye bye cell phone. 
Flustered out of my mind.. What to do?  http://myloc.me/26MR
fly my pretties fabulous &amp; tight, 9/10, SKYCITY venue 4/10 - there for recording &amp; filming purposes only? all seated = zero crowd energy 
Fly With Me- Jonas Brothers sick 101.5 fever....  
Flyers aren't invited to winter classic according to CSN Philly. 
Flying back a day early.. May be our last days with Pete Dog. 
flying back home in a few hours, im dreading it only because my ears can't stand the elevation 
Flying back homee 
Flying back to Belgium already tomorrow 
Flying back to Buffalo today 
flying back to Germany today..already miss home  feels like I am going to cry until boarding time...well, see u tomorrow 
Flying back to Sydney tomorrow 
Flying back to the bay... 
flying home tonight = +2. leaving sister behind = -1,000,000,000. wish i was bad with numbers 
Flying with not so good looking flight attendants 
flynn is in a mood  koko is laying next to me :@  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6895272
Flys back to to LONDON today.. must go and have my last buffet hotel brekkie in Venice 
FM scored &amp; no-one saw it 
Fml  I think I just got toothpaste in my eye! 
fml :/ today is too nice of a day to feel this way 
fml 3rd absence of the week, being this sick sucks, I was planning on going today 
FML and people who don't know how to keep their mouth shut 
Fml burned myself 
FML can't go shopping cuz I have to pick rocks and my gido broke his arm 
FML for having to go to work tomorrow when JB will be half an hour away. 
FML french exam tomorrow 
Fml I do not want to be up this early 
FML i hate doing religion 
FML i might not be able to get into the club to see vertical horizon... Sucks not being 21  [ i &lt;3 zeRi/ S.A.]
FML i miss my baby he fell asleep on me ughh 
FML I totally forgot I have to work tomorrow at 8am 
Fml I was at the grocery store and forgot to get cake mix and frosting. 
fml im stuck watching some abs. HORRIBLE  choir performance while honor society did saynow calls.  so not fair
Fml just found out my best friends against homosexuals 
FML my gma isn't going out of town!  pool party canceled hahaha. To the lake we go
FML MY PHONEEE ! 
FML my sore throat and cough is back 
Fml nothing's changed since I turned 18. 
FML overslept didn't get up at ten and now I missed math thing joy 
FML stomach virus! Cant even focus my eyes, must have water 
FML that shit was expensive 
FML there goes my beach day!  this rain is nonstop
Fml this week at work. Fudge 
FML without a phone for a week  stupid blackberry's rediculousss!
FML you have to be 18 to stay where we are and there are guards everywhere but they don't care...one just IDed us  fml ughhh
Fml! 2 more chemistry problems and then a 2 page research paper. I'm sensing an all nighter. 
FML! Running a fever, dizzy, and achy...AWESOME! Wrong week to be sick 
Fml! Ughhhhhhhhh, im not going anwhere today just sit in the bedroom I share with my mother and cry! 
fml! worst day ever 
FML!!!  So tired, so tired.
FML!!! The most embarrassing thing just happened to me. I'm gonna cry!!!! Omg. Haha 
fml, a mosquito or something was like sucking the life out of my foot. it itches now. i'm gonna die. 
Fml, I can never actually take a nap alone. I just sit there, not sleeping. 
FML, i hate not being able to sleep 
fml, i have the swine flu. 
FML, that's the only way to describe it.. 
fml, when i spill a vanilla bean frap all over me then drop a whip cream on my foot. blah 
FML. ATL on MTV.  I'm happy for them, but it still makes me sad.
fml. forgot alli's dance recital is tonight. now i'm stuck talking to munchkins all night instead of being at devon's bonfire. :/ 
FML. Fuck being awake. Fuck school. Go away everyone 
Fml. I just got rearended. Ahhhhhh 
Fml. I look like Shit 
fml. I'm bored sitting down massin with my cat  Fml.
FML. I'm so bored. I should be at a party. Its Saturday. 
FML. I'm sorry guys, but i dunno how i'm going to be able to talk. I can't stop crying.   bye.
fml. jury duty tmw 
FML. my phone is being a dickweed!  i am in desperate need of a new one, lmfao.
fml. none of my friends have time 4 me 
fml. shes not here when i need her the most. 
fml. the ghetto fun i have to use until the replacement comes in the mail can't display twitter on the mobile web. 
FML. The gym isnt open yet?!?! ITS FINALS WEEK AND I NEED TO RUN OFF SOME STRESS! WHY IS THE GYM NOT OPENNN?!?!  FUCK
fml. this is why i deserve the crap i'm dealt. anything good i'm given i inevitably destroy. 
FML... so done with school 
FML...im broke as a joke and the joke ain't funny at all 
FML:  I installed a new game ... and it was corrupted.  
FML: So much for seniority, bc of technological ineptness, I now have to &quot;register&quot; for classes AGAIN 
FMLLLLLL UGHHH THAT WENT HORRIBLE! 
FMOB the mrs has forgot my ipod, no sun &amp; now no music 
Fn B in health. 
F'n Pissed! It's Been A Week Since 06.13.09 &amp; Idk Where Da F' He Is! 
focus dina. please don't self combust. 
Focus is very groggy from my surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/4785080
Foiled again! Being dragged out by parents at a moments notice. I want to draw! 
folder and i finally see how much i need to change for you. It's going to happen okay.... so whatever you do, don't give up please. &lt;3 
Folding clothes 
Folding laundry  I hate little kids socks. They have so many!
folk tired! uh oh...wanna leave &amp; r doing so. programming=not so good bday bash!! 
Folks- not used to this free time. Its making me crazy. Enjoy your kids now! (i sound so old) no band camp this year!  (i know poor me ...
Follow @krob2much too! He needs friends. 
Follow @MarieLuv cuz shes real!! She puts out on camera and shes smokin one without me 
Follow @persiankiwi. I don't like the rumours... And I fear the worst 
Follow friday @ midnight! Lol idk why I love it cause I can shot out my followers! By the way do yall not like me? Yall never talk 2 me 
Follow Friday @CrayolaaWonderr I killed her 
Follow Friday @msveracity b/c she needs more followers 
Follow Friday is a bit hard to do when my work kicks in on Fridays 
follow friday.. follow me coz i only have 26 followers...  (it's not 2am)
follow friday: following more people then followers  follow me? woot #followfriday
Follow me guys... I'm new  !!!
follow me please  roll on 2night yayyy xxx
Follow me ya'll!Only got 18 followers 
Follow mz @JuiCybella the rudest (if that's a word) lady on twitter... Bound to get a kick outta her. Though she left me high n dry. 
follow people 
follow: @cherilynnnn . because she only has 6 followers.  (via @Rylizliz)
Followed by 72 
Followed my garmin and missed the st louis arch 
Followers haven't grown a bit 
followers went down. 
Followers, why have you(pl) deserted me? 
Following @Anduial to the bus... What am I going to do now?  Study? Guess I have to...
following @twittbitch 'cause @gerhemi ordered it 
following is a mutual thing you know 
Following Peter Facinelli for the bet. I want him to win. And getting ready for work.  Cant wait for vac!
following the updates coming in on @iranelection makes me 
Following tiago leifert at Twitter, BUT he don't notice me, and this make me cry!!! hum.....I'm so sad! 
Follow-up: no Oprah moment at JavaOne  Here is my report: http://domderrien.blogspot.com/2009/06/javaone-conference.html
follwr #s just dropped  Hard 2 tell if it was &quot;spambots&quot; or people. 4 the record , I'm all stocked up on naked lady pics &amp; &quot;opportunities&quot;
fome e sono, howmake? 
FOME FOME FOME FOME FOME FOME EHEHEHEHE. 
fome... 
Fond du Lac's crappy AT&amp;T reception is doing NOTHING for my internet addiction.  Had to track down wi-fi at the library.
Food @ Cheesecake Factory w/ Travis. He lost his passport btwn SD and LV. 
FOOD COMA. Sorry, belly, for eating so much crap. Plz stop making me feel like shit now. 
Food coma? Jet lag? Looks like I'll be making the SF trip tomorrow morning 
Food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food too bad I didn't make dessert 
Food lion doesn't have chocolate pretzels for real 
Food makes you fat  I need to stop eating all together I swear!
Food poisoned by red robin 
food poisoning 
food poisoning  x
food poisoning sure sucks!   but thank God for the awesomemanofGod who's taking care of me! 
Food Poisoning...not a good thing   Feeling better, though weak...and hungry! Just in time for the weekend !!!
Food Poisoning: I hate my life right now 
Food posioning smfh 
Food run, we're STARVING! @VodiBerlyn I wanna go to the movies 
Food shopping, gym and work today should be good. Except for having to hear about people bitchin bout me at work 
Food suggestions?!?! Im hungry!! 
food time! my tummy is empty. 
food..bath..then bed. not felt this shit in a long time 
food-check, washingup-check, CV....no check 
foods taking forever &amp; a day. not cute. 
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. 
Fooo? I meant GOOO! 
FOOOD NOW  So hungry I havent eaten something properly since Friday :\
Foooomeee 
foot  is in alot of pain 
Foot barely swept over giant pink sunglasses. And they broke. 
foot is finally forcing me to find some exercise that doesn't put impact on feet... 
Foot massage by Chinese man = interesting, and somewhat painful 
Foot really hurts today 
Footage from Fire Letterman &quot;protest&quot; more pathetic and sad than ridiculous and funny. 
Footage from the Tiller shooting  http://bit.ly/14KBQY
Footage is 2 dark guys  gah.Guess we'll just have another fun day!But this time we'll have lights @matthewandrew @sammah @AcTiOnJaCkSon90
Football and rounders yesterday had a negative effect with my body. Finding it very hard to move without hurting 
football workouts... shittttty pulled mah groin 
footwatch update: still sore  but definitly improving ;-)
footy show is soo boring nowadays but there's nothing else to watch 
Footy Tips free Whopper fail; Knights put the Dragons to the sword 
footy tournament ruined by an injury 
For 4 years i've been only an hour from syracuse or closer, @postsecret exhibit goes there and now i'm too far away 
For a moment sahara and eastern looked like brand blvd. Whhhaaaaaaa  HOME!
for a week cervical is hurting me, and the sensation drop in my back.. Fucking pain.. just because I carried my baby on my shoulder  OMG
For a while aqgo i should relax  a bit with GRID, when i saw something tremendous. Xbox Live is down! 24 hr. I totaly forgot that. 
For a while...coffee never affected me...today it hits me...can't sleep 
For all my Burgh friends not there...we missed the Berry Berry month of May   I miss Eat n Park.
for all the effort and time put into some of these relationships with people, you learn enough not to trust anyone... 
For all those ex Gis soon to be ex manpower people I wish you well in the job hunt. Don't you just love offshoring 
for all those interested i am awake and desperately trying to find something to watch 
--for all you awesome peoples.  
For anyone that needs me while I'm in by email me. My phone decided to stay in Florida. 
For anyone who cared, I'm at http://facebook.com/kenop , terribly unoriginal, I know 
For camera-aficionados , check out the new Olympus Pen;  http://bit.ly/MGshl Another instance of equipment lust. 
For coffee, got an eye infection 
for crying out loud, i just touch things and they break. 
For FH and the rest of the father's that are no longer with us  http://post.ly/uYs
for fuck saaake, am i not worthy of a decent guy? arrrrrrgh 
For fuck's sake. My bus just broke down. Being late to work for the lose. Ugh. I wish I were at home playing farm town 
For future reference im pretty sure that rudys breakfast tacos are cheaper than whataburgers. And much better. I just spent...alot. 
For future reference, the 24 Hour Fitness on Maui closes at 11 on Fridays. Probably close earlier during the week 
for future reference: never EVER read plot summaries because there might be spoilers that can give away the twist. fuckfuckfuckkk!!! 
for goodness sake why is he such a butthead....not hating on him...but im the one who really likes him....not some girl he just met... 
for ï¿½45 a month, my phone #1 won't let me edit typos after i make them. #2 refuses to not let me post an update after i start writing one 
for log in logs.objects.all(): pass killed my computer 
for lunch i had: 2 ice creams, and for dinner: jelly babys. also appeared on sky sports but lost my favourite bracelet. 
For Mother's Day, my cat gave me another ER cat visit. Thanks Sonny!  for giving mami a heart attack this morning. I love you! xoxox
For my 5000th tweet I was gonna fly in wearing a thong &amp; angel's costume and sit on Eminem's face, but then that KNOB BrÃ¼no stole my idea 
for ndit, angga, ari permadi, laksono im counting on you guys for physics 
for no reason twitter has suspended my account and i have submitted a request and no one has addressed it since last 4 days 
For once I can honestly say I look beyond ridiculous.  not in a good way like normal.
for once i'm not happy about everyone else going out when i'm stuck at home 
for once the local best buy has doctor who in stock! to bad i'm broke right now and cant afford it 65+9.25% tax? whyyyyy?? 
For once, I'm going to bed before karmen. No &quot;goodnight moon&quot; for me  G'Night ya'll.
for real man? not cool at all. 
For real, tho...it looks like this girl threw a large shirt on, pinned it between her legs, and called it a dress. 
For serious....for serious.... 
For some crazy reason blogger is not saving my work and it's driving me crazy. I'll have to resort to somewhere else to save it for now 
For some effin reason, Pwitter keeps rejecting my username &amp; password 
For some odd reason I seem to always wake up at 3 a.m. and right now I can't get back to sleep. Not really feeling this  
For some reason I am unable to post any more tweets 
For some reason I feel a bit upset that the internet hasn't fallen apart without me 
For some reason i fell asleep at 7:30 last night, now it's 3am and i'm cycle 
For some reason I want to listen to good charlotte 
For some reason icant go to sleep.layin down watch this Lil Kim music video download.wishin i had an special girl layin next to me 
For some reason I'm full of aches and pains today 
For some reason i'm not getting codykinz tweets! 
For some reason I've REALLY been missing Australia and all my Aussie mates a lot lately. 
for some reason microsfoft word won't let me type 
For some reason my followers page is &quot;broken&quot;.  Like I press follow and it follows but if I exit out of the page and go back it unfollows 
For some reason my hand hurts worse than ever today 
For some reason my recently listened tracks on Last.fm Web Radio are not scrobbled. 
For some reason technology seems to hate me today. Not cool at all. And I want to watch Thirteen Ghosts or Seven but we don't have them. 
for some reason twitter decided to ban me for a few hours today... very weird.  @NadineJ2 I hope your mom is ok 
For some reason we didn't have to stop at the table w/donuts 
For some reason when I got up this morning I thought it was Friday... Someone just broke the news to me 
for some reason, i cant read the comments from Awful Truth Threads comments 
for some reason, my phone does not want receive everyone's tweets 
for some reason, my room smells like urine.  note to self: buy things to clean with tomorrow and cleancleanclean
For some reason, when I'm sad I get sick 
For some reason.. I'm really excited to eat Nandos tonight  but I have to play netball at 9 
for some reasons source SDK wont launch  i hate steam
For some reson im still tinking about it and its making me feel like shit inside 
For some ridiculous reason I'm about to go to town in all of this heat.  I need a sun hat, but I just don't have a hat face   Ta ta.
For some STRANGE reason, I'm sad hockey season is over. 
For some werid reason I feel like just crying, not the usual cry, I mean just crying soo much there isn't a single tear left. &amp; idk why 
for standing his ground finally. Feel bad for the kids. 
For talking to a customer I missed out on ice cream from @kentrellsays 
For the first day of summer, it's awfully gloomy outside. 
@centrechick For me, no tech = busy = stay later = bitter burnt-out 'bug! 
@CenturyMontes why you stop following me? Was I not cool enough for you? 
@ceocheckmate Why would she do that?!?! 
@CEOThomas i tried but i couldnt find it 
@CephalopodOOO bites! And know that feeling. 
@Cephas38 They advertise online, and even post photos of the quilts. I'm sure even that's a stretch for them. Don't think they sell. 
@Cephikun OMG me too. So much. He's like the only dead actor I really miss. 
@cepth yeah, whatever bro 
@ceransx when i posted about getting laid off, i got hit by 5 different work from home spammers within ten minutes. 
@cerealck1 i want one so bad  get one for me ?? (:
@cerealck1 I want someeeeeeeee!  (:
@CerebroJD Downloaded the movie in some 1080 goodness last night after losing the DVD.  Love this movie.
@cerestanlimco Miss you Keke 
@cernest i was just thinking of you the other day when i walked past a huuuuuge field of clovers. i didnt see any 4-leaf ones 
@cerra doesnt that SUCK! i hate when i wake up b4 jude i get so tired by the end of the day and naps are usually FAIL for me 
@Certain_Songs Yep, city workers on strike. Bad times. Second garbage strike since I moved here in 2002. 
@CertifiedDiva21 I was @ Dundaplace party didn't see ur sexy self 
@certifiedhtchic unfortunately not!! 
@Certifiediva  hey reesee pieces.. hope your feeling better today! ur leaving tomorrow 
@CertifiedStrike goodmorning. Awww no tacos for you today 
@Ceruleagos i dunno.. but i'd be afraid of even more gold seller spam 
@ceruleagos I woke up to phone going off. I looked, and I responded apparently... Then passed back out.  sorry 
@CeruleanAngel75 YAY! I will follow u toooo~~ =p I misshhyyy uuu T.T wheennn uu cominggg bacckk? 
@ceruleanbreeze  I've had, like, three. They break really easily. As soon as you drop them, they froth and you can't see the window.
@ceruleanbreeze @calyndra Oh noes!  I am sorry.
@ceruleanbreeze @freosan It was my fault. I was sick and slept all day. 
@ceruleanbreeze Catching up on tweets. Sorry about your sadface day.  *hugs*
@ceruleanbreeze good on you for trying - though if it keeps going at this rate he's going to drop back to 3rd page [expletives deleted] 
@ceruleanbreeze oh god, mcfly. hadn't really registered them before that poll, but they terrify me now 
@ceruleanbreeze Righto. Reading that now. And I have...bad news, I'm afraid. I have to do chores. Was just told by housemate. No Firefly 
@ces1982 apple Server is busy.come on 
@ces1982 oh that sounds awful! Hope you get better soon. So many people seem to be poorly right now, not good! 
@cesarlino09 aww I want the new one 
@cesarmillan I can't believe those pinch collars are legal, do people still buy them I would never put that on my dog 
@cesarnoel had two bowls today, but no results     Good lookin' out @cesarnoel
@cescavizconde I mishyu.. When can you come back to the Tower? I'm sad without my &quot;twinny&quot;! My bathroom breaks suck without you! 
@ceskaholka Wow. four days! I get migraines frequently but after 3 days they usually go away! You poor thing!  So Sorry!
@CesLSU i'm sorry too! delivery person delivered cupcakes, but to the wrong hotel! marriott, not courtyard. oops.  are you still in town?
@cess_g23 thats just fine cuz i kept it lol the kittens left 2day 
@cessii &quot;Someone who is in Oslo atm? I'm bored! xD haha&quot; I like it... Say something else... haha... Have a drink of water 
@cessii haha its that time of month, and it frigging hurt. 
@cessyyy I'm excited too!! but I think it's gonna take a while before it's out. 
@cettevieenrose  I'm sorry, man.
@cewegokil24 1. HELL YEAH. I'm a closet Hannah Montana fan. 2. You stopped playing 
@Cezwald haha we weren't the only ones !! Yeah I'm so so so tired - can never sleep properly in the plane 
@Cezza_B yes alls good thx had day off and had to prepare for my review on Thursday at work  least sun has been out..Enjoy
@CFCCLEV thanks the flowers were a pain actually, they dropped to pieces  but there still my favourite flower
@cfdj71 @Lollyjay Ah come on u already got an OH, am all on my lonesome  (its like BGT sob story lol)
@CFineFinney not if I can't find a ride 
@cfjedimaster oof, went to send you a DM, and you're not following me 
@cfleury not so here in the UK on vodafone... 
@cfobmania no. but i'm bound and determined to get one. 
@CforrClemmensen :O so u have 1.5gigs!! of RAM cos thats ALOT! i only have 512mb 
@CforrClemmensen ohh noo wat if the last skool they call theyr the winners and theyll say tht 
@CforrClemmensen phewph ur not bleeding but theres a mark 
@CFOServices Before slamming the door he told me it was his bday and he didn't have to turn it down until 11:00. The cops confirmed that. 
@cfox62   thot so
@CFP_x It was such a stressful interview!  They asked odd questions. Still, will hopefully find out next week!
@cfreshdesigns  Try to have a good day anyway
@cfsam guess what mine ends 19 June! n starts in a week's time T.T wish i had more time to compensate the dilly-dallying i've been doing 
@cfsam i sure am  and that kinda gave me an urge to not study for the prac tmr 
@cfsmtb I guess I'll be forking out for a set top box sometime soon then   Had to happen eventually I guess.
@cfstinabug  Really sorry to hear you're not feeling well. Just pull through until August.
@cfuess is making me hungry.  i had a bowl of cereal 
@cfunk awww, yeah i wanted Robertson to win...   and- haha yeah, i totally missed you  But I saw you, I think it was on Thursday! (Y) 
@cg04 mm watching my baby play guitar? Lol...ps sad about jon and kate 
@cgervcracker that wasn't nice 
@cghaynes its at home  i miss it
@cgiammona Other than that, I think it was AWESOME.  
@CGigandet sounds super, if now it worked that way! 
@CGJewell someone tells me the US provider has delayed picture messaging. Maybe the same here 
@cglade - What? For serious? How come?! 
@cgornpr  have fun. I grew up in Mt Carmel and spend every single summer day at Knoebel's....unfortunately that was a long time ago. 
@CgsMika it diddnt come true 
@CGZee where the hell did you go? you too @LiggMo?  
@ch0colatechip I need to go to the movies!!  where is that from? lol
@ch13 Hi there, I tried to find one for you here in BS, unfortunately no luck.  How often does a new release come out?
@ch1kita nope still under contract - so no 3GS for me 
@ch2cch3 its my bday too! I want to be serenaded! 
@ch2cch3 Yep, it's a case of a stupid plugin. Apparently it discriminates, although I don't know exactly how. Sorry! Go mourn the lizard 
@CH35C44 if zeke goes.. neighbours would be very sad  don't you just miss rachel &amp; ty?
@ch3ryl What about me?  LOL
@ch3x @carlynsarino when are you going to Japan? i wanna too.  you have visas na?
@Cha_Lo hahah ur soo dumd aka &quot;hello aim&quot; it wont let me write u back 
@chaaachaaa Nooo, I'm gonna be gone camping on Friday. 
@Chaaarliiieee updates- 589 
@chaarissee ahahhahahah OHHH MY GOSH! SUREEE YOU DIDNT! Hahahaahha omg yennna  i miss her when she didnt talk!
@chabcoyiuto CHAB! Would you happen to have a paper clip and plastic for the pictures? I don't have any 
@Chabeli_Cua - HAHAHAHA YES! Woooork@-) So earlyyyy. 
@chabling oh ok.. CALI KUSH it is!!!! Lol (wish we had that out here.. Never experienced yet) smh 
@chacha102 tell me about it, I keep hitting &quot;check for update&quot; religiously...so far no luck 
@chacha14rus OF COURSE YOU WILL! 
@Chachou Bah non.  Hihihi...
@chachul I just now saw ur tweet about the game! LMAO! Sorry 
@CHactingNYC But it means I have to do loads of exercise which I HATE! And I have no time for it at the moment 
@chaculvin  We'll see
@chad_lad @curiousjayorge and I know I used it too.... 
@Chad_Lad I am good thanks. working hard! the boss is in my office today  how are you?
@Chad_Lad NICE about BBQ!!!! i am starved today 
@chad420 wish i could wake &amp; bake, but i'm out 
@ChadByrum Yeah they said that when they announced the release date two weeks ago.  
@chadcampbell confirmed that total dns is not available via their delegated account access feature 
@Chadchadelvis stop clicking it will either be 6 or 7 tonight now when its out 
@chaddifer aww I know! I was thinking that too 
@chaddyp that movie is so sad! 
@chadengle yea, we're actually getting some snow flurries on south ridge right now. 
@chadfowler, I bought a copy of The Passionate Programmer at Amazon, I'm excited!, but I've to wait 3 weeks to it arrive to Venezuela 
-@chadfu :O what'd you call me? 
@chadfu but then i lost focus. 
@chadfu pfft. hes a man, he chould be able to stay awake.  ...i wont be around forever!!! damn it  ( heheh)
@chadfu pfft. hes a man, he should be able to stay awake.  ...i wont be around forever!!! damn it  ( heheh)
@chadfu yay!! i think @theirishguy has fell asleep on us  ....heh
@chadgwright You'd be surprised how many young people come into the pharmacy wanting prune juice, and adult enemas. 
@chadinscookies oh em gee hills S4 is too good. just finished S5. Laurens finally left 
@ChadLeach I tried to update and got an error. Uninstalled and am now unable to reinstall at all.  its great otherwise.
@ChadLemke Oh no!!!  I'm sorry... 
@chadlowlife whats wronggg  i love you!
@chadmacklin i saw you today, but I was too late, you left before I could say hello 
@chadmanning What? Really? Holy shit, I honestly don't believe someone could do that  Don't let someone like that make you feel bad.
@chadmcclarnon sure that makes sense. Then again, I probably did that since it knows who I am... Also it's crashed twice after a restart 
@ChadMichMurray  you broke my heart when you cried in the season's finale  i burst into to tears.
@ChadMichMurray i absolutely adore u  &amp; i love your Work.  One tree hill Won't be the same without u  ,
@ChadMichMurray really sucks that your leaving the show 
@chadomic i heard! i called awhile ago to say i wasn't coming back and asked for kim..they were like she doesn't work here anymore..lol 
@ChadPil Just started having problems once it hit 10 yrs/100k. Great car all the yrs i've had it! Everything is starting to break now tho 
@chadsmith  why is that?
@chadxhatred mee too 
@ChaffinOrchards we'll be having the steaks tomorrow for dinner. We can't usually make the weekday markets. Have to work 
@chagrined  I FIGURED IT WOULD! I WAS TEMPTED TO BUY IT AND SEND IT TO YOU ACTUALLY. ALAS I DID NOT 
@chagringrid If you are still at home.. I just went over to Davis and the TV is out of order.  I don't have any other way to contact you. 
@ChainsawRaven why can't the music I like be popular    bah
@chainsofgold  *hugs* depends who said it, I'm afraid 
@chaiseMarcel  mmkay I hope u get well soon! (Typical saying)
@chaitanya_gupta a hand-rickshaw is even worse, cant help not feeling sorry for the poor guy, rather not go anywhere, unpractical though 
@chaitee Not info so much as... my crazy changeable moods 
@ChakatSunstreak I fail @ small math. 
@Chakotay_ OOC: Yeah, I know 
@chakreshm Yeah, that's what I thought and said him. Maybe it's more costly 
@chalandrea have fun! have a drink or 6 for me!!! I'm sadly not drinking tonight! 
@chalijo and @sweet_desserts I miss y'all!I shoulda gone to #RFKC .....  Sleepy morning. Oh Coffee, where art thou?
@ChalkBored going to doc soon, either I have it or I have heaps of sores 
@Chalker91 but i like the sticky out bits. 
@chaloopaaa mai I look like your man minh now!! I looka like a raccoon 
@ChalsiEspiritu chalsi help me  lol
@chalupaaaas i miss you more caroooolineeee 
@Chamallow35 damn, it will take like forever 
@chamillionaire i cannot even call u cause i live in Greece...it says &quot;phone number does not exist&quot; 
@chaminasin I swapped Richie for Jimmy Cowan. It don't think it did anything to improve my life 
@champagnemanoir: @la_vache  What's up? 
@champions5xeuro i was v.brave! all is good, have an infection around my wisdom teeth but nothing major! i say that, still bloody hurts! 
@ChampIsHere Nothing...bored 
@champuru washer still broken, tonight I'm mr. mom till the 15th 
@chancait oh sorry  I know how that feels!!!!
@chanceclark I feel like I'm at the begging stage and that's not cool. 
@chandavid oooh don't complain....please... it'll just go away. 
@Chandnim I wish 
@chandramoore I wish you were here so we could workout together @kynam always has something going on and is too busy to workout with me 
@ChandraSpencer a studio.....I'm giving up on tne gym 
@chaneed19 i see ur convos with na'tasha and I'm starting to get jealous. Can we tweet too please?! 
@Chanel Couture i just noticed you still have my favorite head band 
@chanelashley  smh at u Nellz didnt u have like a Bday get together in ur crib like a month ago n LIGHTER wasnt invited? 
@chaneldiorizi whateverrr you knew what i meant. its cold 
@chanellecarver made a few entries that i got some good responses from, i do have to admit, have not updated it every day 
@chanelsalvador she has ulcers  #saveheidi
@chanelwestcoast Hay Im Cc also aka, Walsh, talk to me during work, it must be a very very very very hard job 
@ChanelZampogna I know. I suck 
@Change_for_Iran sorry to hear about kasra 
@Change_for_Iran Thank goodness! I thought we had lost you there for a bit. 
@ChangedEarth heh thanks.  Kitteh not doing well.  Could use 1 more day to make it easier on her 
@changedforgood I was here, then my internet broke 
@changethemusic yikes! That is so scary! And really sad for those people. 
@changhee07 i have cigs but no lighter. 
@changibedsheets Haven't played for a while but last time I played she liked Pine more than me  Can't blame the kid though. KOCK KOCK KOCK
@changibedsheets I see it all the time and I was sure I had it saved but I was wrong  Yes, I think that sounds right. 40secs done now
@changibedsheets Noo. I like Mouth, Millie and Chase. Mia however is a bit annoying. 
@changibedsheets Who needs on in real life when I can have 100 on the Internet woohoo. j/k 
@changingmylife Damn I don't have a MAC to run iPhone Tether Application   Hay otra forma?
@changpeeee I wish I could but I'll be busy with my missions team til Sunday!!!  so Monday it is! Haha
@changroy you got iPhone? thats cool! i envy! 
@ChangshaNotes colin, stop talking about me that way 
@changx3 I miss yu chang ! 
@ChaniceNykole IDK.....I jus know it sucks 
@ChaniiChan laundry  lol wyd ?
@ChaniKai nope, no nkotb near me  very sad. u?
@chanla tell savannah i want her to be my mommy 
@chanley Aw, Julie and I wanted to see Up today but she had to go study  Was it good?
@CHANLOO #fuckedupplacetohavesex on ya moms bed, while shes in it... 
@Chant3ll389 hellooos, yr not talking to me, sorry 
@chantalclaret D; You get hate tweets  that's sasd.
@chantalclaret wow that is so so intense 
@chantalkrev Hey Chantal, there are some Iranian updates from this user twitter.com / Change_for_Iran - pretty horrible stuff! 
@Chantalle1989 That makes me a rather large flv 
@chante4dannyxxx I got some science revision  Then I'm going to a bbq later. The weather better stay nice! x
@chanteamazing yeah well... I can't help it if I'm more ladylike 
@CHANTEL_NoDuhh just use your yahoo thing. I miss seeing 'chantelluvsnick' 
@ChantelleDaily Sorry,but wich Tweet?? xDD I forgott!! 
@ChantelleSherie Dont fall asleep with the candle on 
@chantellmarie I know.   Its my nature though, I (like to think) am a nice person, but around the fairer sex it comes out flirtatious!
@chantellmarie top sport. I wanna say football but I can't remember.  LOL *Bad fan*
@chantelnicole i heard! we didnt get it on my side of town. 
@ChantiParnell aww!  not good! your media group has turned the heating up and its stuffy! iv been for a wander! hahaaa!
@ChantiParnell i think i read somewere camilla was retiring  but yeh shit area :/ i mean the only thing we have is robin hood (Y)
@ChantiParnell she came to retfrd and didn't invite me  bad mother!
@ChantiParnell thats what i thought at first.. but idk  but it isnt said on her website, or any other soo (yn)
@ChantiParnell Yeah, I had a quite alot to do anyway 
@chantoooy I want Krispy Kreme too  HI CHANTYY!
@CHANYSEXYBROWNI FINE I JUS WON'T LIKE THE SONG DEN  ...ALL BEKUZ OF @CHANYSEXYBROWNI
@chaos33176  why u dont like us? *sniff sniff* lol
@chaoscartel  what did you do to yourself missy moo?!
@chaoschick13, @storyfan, @missmercyb I'm sorry I had to abandon ship last night.    I had SO much fun nattering about the Croquet idea!
@chaoscookie lol of Poppy is Miaka, then I'm so out of the loop 
@ChaosCupcake Oh, you can say what you want, but PhDs in linguistics disagree! You're making the language sadder for everyone. 
@ChaosDwarfs http://twitpic.com/7wv8g - I'm hungry... I want food 
@Chaoseed there need to be more ARGs 
@chaotic_barb @Toni_GPB ... I can't see any of your tweets on TweetGrid OR TweetChat.  #bluebox #fitfam
@chaotic4life Why does Michael have so few votes? I almost feel like I should register just to vote for him. 
@chaoticdream715  howwww do i read these thingsss ahhh this is new 
@Chaoticshimmer Because if it were 1:25pm, I'd be worried about the fact that I have a lot of stuff to do 
@Chaoticshimmer Boo.  I demand the alement to go awaaaay.
@chaotixfusion  (hugs) you must have come out in sympathy with me.
@chaparrita01 I know. I feel like i fail at life now 
@chapperscounts yup but we are both feeling really down now.. 
@ChapStique called me!!!! ahh! so awesome  too bad i was at work  but he's supposed to call again, plus he's on my voicemail now!!! AHH!
@chapter42 It would be great if it actually worked 
@chapterelf telll me about it == and exams. 
@Char_SOS dont feel bad. he does NOT look 16.. and hes well mature for his age, so would more likely go for an older girl i think  bummer
@Char_SOS i been listening to it all morning 
@Char_SOS oomg your so lucky i love james morrison!  have funx
@Char_SOS yes i do  &amp; its extremely annoying 
@Char1984 you wont know her I am afraid! 
@char2x i can't reply dun sa text mo, nawalan ako ng load... huhu 
@charades oh man sounds like work is not fun for you 
@CharamonAnjaya I wanna comeee  I won't be back til like 8 dang it!
@CharbelYoussef awe thank you charby. Too bad vicodin n breastfeeding don't mix  it's all in my nerve n shit
@charchaos aawww you stuck with the grandparents on a sat night   are they there for long,lol,xx
@charchaos if only, yes  
@charchee Why? Maths is terrible! 
@charcoaldesigns no, we were on the streets, headed to my youngest bro's baseball game. Now she's in the shop 
@charcoalfeather 
@charduck I think it's the weather, Char. It's been thundery and 'heavy' and I've had a constant headache! 
@charelblessed  Ok. I'll respect that...even doe I'm depress now 
@chargarrisson i'll say she over took me and now she's coming after you! haha see you period 2 for legal + 5 waaaaaa 
@chargarrisson yeah i know the feeling  you poor thing. maybe it was those noodles haha
@ChargerJenn aww I think working on our entries made you sick!! 
@ChargerJenn how long will that last?!  I won't have $$ until next week. 
@ChargerJenn ooh you are due 2 days before me but I only have 1!! Really hoping @nkotb tour the UK before October or I can't go 
@Charified sadly, I don't   hehe
@Charis_75 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@charispina I hope I see you before you leave  I was hoping to get to see you last night but I guess things didn't work out that way...
@CharissaCowart ur still in Atlanta!  Good grief 
@CharissaDupres  I'm a Neil  Diamond fan and I've never hear that he wrote it for her...sorry 
@CharisseNicole please tell me the Microsoft press conference is comin on again. I missed it! 
@charitymcdaniel I really, really miss you  
@CHARiZARDD What's wrong Hunn ? 
@Charizzl I'm still not sure. 
@charkeefe omg would have totally laved to, but have work experience 
@CharkinkieZz Damn, mama! Good recall. I was thinking about our matching collars the other day. And mine that got lost! 
@Charl13B00 Just finished the pizza for breakfast. sorry 
@CharlatAnne the Danes left dont care bout them.Therz a guy in my group, French Algerian guy. Love Have Fallen I. But girlfriend there be 
@CharlayX nooooooooooooo double pe   i'm going to die can't wait until saturdayyyyyyy!!!! love you wifey
@CharleeAnn I know! I do too. But I do love the very very end of it. But it's oh so sad 
@CharleeBee we might have to, at this rate.  i think we're going to have to switch from st. augustine 
@charleecain what gig do you want to come to? naw i'm feeling shite - can't shake this cold 
@charleegurl75 That was why I asked you to elaborate.. I had an investor in FL, but moved up here. No equipment. 
@charlene_lewis_ Oh you sad bitch. Following the GG crew? If you were here, I would have to tease you like crazy  but you're not.... darn.
@CharleneBx  NOT FAIR! I need to tweet more celebs ;) haha XX
@charleneli Disqus now integrates conversations on many platforms. haven't heard abt JS-Kit 
@charlesadler That is so horrible and tragic  It makes me so upset that violence has erupted as a result of the protests in Tehran.
@CharlesEllison AH!  Can't comment on anybodies hair as I have a mop that has a life of its own 
@CharlesGokey i wish he'd follow me 
@charlesgregory ahhhh... 
@charlesmj Yeahhh Telford, I was there this morning until about 1? Shame you didn't find anything! Worst luck 
@charlespakiss You guys always hang out at the conserv but you never invite me.  HAHAHA emo shiz. hi charles!
@CharlesTilley ah, i LOVE barbeques, have fun,  you've made me want one now! it's not good enough weather here though  xxx
@charlestm Don't worry, I've only seen 8%.    Sniff sniff.
@charlestrippy its a horrible time to be a sox fan! 
@charlestrippy My friend got the ghostbusters video game, but has yet to tell me anything about it. 
@CharlesWBrown  well, i'm gonna see the headliner show todaaaaaay! (which i thought i can't go) see you there!
@CharlesWBrown already the end of the tour... so sad  can't wait for next time!!!!
@charleswbrown lmao haha i feel more tired that ever they took my super power now im a totally normal girl  i wish i had A7X power charlyy
@charley olmer haha i know!! It's white lol and so is emily's new one. But we have school when you come down 
@charley_bum well goodnight then. 
@charley_d thx 
@charley_farley i'm kind of in love with hathaway, and my mum just does not understand. I WANT THEM TO SEE THEM! i hope they make more 
@charleyboorman http://twitpic.com/65623 - OUCH!! That looks so painful 
@charleymarley There is one at Wembley - bit of a trek though tbh. Might have to wait till i need supermarket next  or could i improvise?
@charleyolmer i wish my mom would let me stay in england when she goes up 
@Charlhumphries Nah I'm in yellow  I have Charlotte A so far so that's good 
@charlidean http://twitpic.com/7j2mr - awwww, where's it going? 
@charlie_h haha check out russells site theres a new sexy video!! and @newhat just came online but isnt replying to us  xx
@charlie_hale didn't go through an agent, landlord is my bruv in laws friend. Fly tomorrow evening 
@Charlie_xxx Yeah well I thought I'd done all of the D.T but it turns out I didn't do that stupid mind map and it takes so long to do! 
@charlie628 - It wasn't that weird! - I thought you would jump at the chance! - anyway, it turns out I can't do it either now  Shame.
@charliebhoy you still feeling the pain ? not looking fwd to work this week  but still think we'll do it
@charliebr0wn0I applied for saturday. Sunday's lineup wasn't so good.. I really wanted to see the Saturdays, Snow Patrol and Kasabian  aha
@Charliecondou 
@Charliecondou I did that but with a woolly jumper and when I wore it I just looked like a tiny hamster 
@charliedeep aw, those came down about 93 or so 
@charlieedyer ok so basically my laptop hates twitter..it won't let me do anything  but you are so lucky...i'll keep trying xx
@CharlieFinch  
@CharlieGilkey I'm SO sorry to hear about your cat. Been there, done that, and it basically sucks.  
@charliehamill bummer im workin  are you free anytime the week after this one??
@charliehedges Im glad your having a good second day off- i've spent my 2nd day having to do the garden  too many bugs-not my style!
@charliejane But its no barstool.   The Bronze sign would be Killer to have.
@charlieks hey sweet.sorry i prob cant hang today.mums in the hospital  so we're waiting for a call to see if she needs anything
@charliemoreno really? I only tweeted it once. 
@CharliePlyler I see that now, but not following most of them.  I'll have to figure out what I can do.  Lots of spammers on Twitter 
@charlieray I'm sorry that your teeth hurt.  I hope they feel better for you!!
@charlies_dragon ThatÂ´s terrible   hope youÂ´ll find something on the interweb to listen to...
@charlieskies aww ppl r so mean 
@charlieskies but i... but... 
@charlieskies emm.. youtube will mute the audio if you use a MCR song, cause of copyright. 
@charlieskies have a hug. i need a hug too 
@charlieskies oh god, i'm actually sitting here sobbing 
@charlieskies your vid wont play  x
@charliestyr Had M2 this morning so didn't go  will have some in lessons this afternoon tho I expect!
@charlii1 she only like me for my food  nah it's cox I love her soooo much and we are so damn sexy! Xxx
@charlii1 well I wasn't actually invited  but I was aware of it happening so I told Sarah I couldn't come. Fx
@charlimillions where r u i? Am wearing a black polkadot dress n green cardigan i cant find u 
@charlisse226 
@charlisse226 I don't think so. Cause all drinks weren't $3 ... also we didn't take advantage of any of the cool stuff. Like goody bags. 
@CharliWilde hey! not addicted yet either. not many ppl i know IRL use twitter, that would make it more fun 
@charliwodehouse hey gurrl. i hate how we're so far awayyyyyyyy. we should be out together  miss you x
@charloadams http://twitpic.com/6sng8 - Ouch! i hate sunburn 
@charloadams oh no janice left. 
@charlotteatepie awww. I hate sunburn. But atleast there is sun. It hasn't stopped raining in Radnor 
@charlottebeaumo i have been, its harrrrrd  lol thanks.
@charlottedotcom whaaaaat? but i miss talking to you, you sexy moo 
@Charlotteis @iMattR - I agree, but some people think its an improvement on the old one! 
@Charlotteis Aww, I'm sorry  I need the money for my fourth Safe House, hehehe x
@Charlotteis I've revised none either 
@charlottejtang can you help me pick up mine? I didn't register 
@charlottekane I've tryed but none of it will stay in my head 
@CharlotteLina I wish you a nice evening. You must dance all the time, otherwise it won't be that much fun. I'm sorry for not coming 
@charlottepike @LadyD ever since Mopy carked it, the place has been riddled with   I think Clive's viewing it as an exorcism...
@charlotterich Bravissimo do shirts for 'curvy girls' but they're expensive  I hate it when my buttons pop open! Inappropriate or what?
@charlotteSK feel better, pally! 
@CharlotteSpeaks why are you selling your dark room equipment?  Are you going digital? 
@charlottewhoax i feel like shite dno whyy, and i burnt my leg on the iron the other day  hahaha, clever me
@charltonbrooker I already have 67 of those  LAME
@charltonbrooker Its fucking awful 
@charltonbrooker On what channel? I cant find it anywhere 
@charltonbrooker thats what i imagine would happen were i to put my itunes playlist on shuffle 
@CharlWoodroffe  didn't work 
@charlyblue I could barely choke it down 
@CharlyCogger on a positive side though, josh just gave me some milky way, and his xbox has come, but i'm doing h/w and revision now 
@charmaineadrina me too mama!!!  imy guys.. next time tho forresuree
@charmainiel anberlin are pretty good, they were at soundwave. i wish tai were headlining though. &lt;/3 
@charmalee90 Hey! That was rude!  LOL
@charmand3r haha, yeah -- i guess. it still sucks! 
@charmand3r oh no!  I hope you get on soon! &lt;3 I miss you and I can't wait to see you again.
@Charmanestar the boobies look &amp; feel great it's the asshole piece of shit that's hurting me 
@charmcitygavin my att store does not open up until 9 am 
@charmcitygavin Sorry we didn't get to see you yesterday 
@charmedimsure I think my posts are decent and no one reads my blog either. My own family doesn't even take the time to read it. 
@CharmingJes That's what I told HER! But she's being stubborn...  I'm trying, here! haha
@CharmsByrne No wonder it is 
@charmwitch @xelhes Oh wait, sorry! I just realized beach sandals = flip flops. You guys and your English  How come they don't allow it!?
@Charne oh gawd no  you have a compress or icy hot?
@Charonqc but your green giant has left the building! 
@charp awwww sweetie  why you ill?
@charp I was being all nerdy &amp; thinking they could help me with my Metropolitan Area Network 
@charriebaby it's pretty nice, but gets dull after a while 
@charrmainee have fun at your kickback tmrw. sorry i cant make it 
@CharronDanielle aww man I completely forgot bowling!  next time
@charrrbabyy Are you kidding me Charlene? Lol it was Eminem. And the angel man...You've never seen Borat?! FAIL 
@charrrbabyy I have nooooo effing clue 
@charrrbabyy I know!!  effing embarrassing! Eff our lives
@CharryBouv i'm sorry hunni  i wish i could call for you
@Chartel96 Ja, kipt at vi tapt 
@chartier dude that sucks. Yours was shipped before anyone els I know (myself included!) 
@chartier: shoot! I was all excited that our iPhones show a 6/18 delivery date. Guess when Cupertino says the 19th, they mean it. 
@Chasapple Have you seen him posting here on Twitter? I hate to say it, but it go so bad I had to stop following him.  20 Tweets in 10 min
@chasdizz it was painful....it still hurts too 
@chaseallman yea finals blow. . . hating this week and it just start 
@chaseblair No doubt there. We are only roughly half way through this thing, and it is starting to drag on 
@CHASEBOOGIE lol dont ask i was being nice given a ride shit started bar b cueing on the freeway  lmao i been had mine ready
@chasedward301 I cant figure out how to shut this one off. 
@chasegravity no more already. 
@chaseinaction wish I could make it out tonight! Too much work  Hope it goes fantastically and that I see you before you head back!
@CHASEistheparty I wanted to go but I have no way all the way out there 
@chasejarvis Problem is, I don't have an iPhone to take a mobile image... 
@chasejustin i can't go tonight   *Cait*
@chasejustin no i stayed up investigating that kristen stewart and rob pattinson do not have twitter, facebook, or myspace... 
@chaselisbon someone deleted you off my wikipedia 
@chaselisbon we tried to DM you but your not following us 
@chasemotter and @zackisrad I wish I didn't have work today 
@ChaseNCashe awww  at least you were honest with her.
@chasepino hmm, that really sucks 
@chaseswindler SAD FACE IN CAPS-LOCK   
@chasewill I didnt see you  are you on the first 1/2 hour?
@chasewill that sucks! here in brazil is unusually cold 
@chasing_thomas im gutted he hasn't accepted me yet  lol i really want to annoy him, is he online now?
@chasingangel82 I'm shattered 
@chasingbrittany so when i ran/swimmed into you yesterday i think i loosened a tooth! oh no 
@Chasitycrisp http://twitpic.com/6eekg -  i miss the hair ....but cute pic wish he was alllllll minnnnnnnnnnneeeee
@chasjordan I can't nudge you anymore... 
@ChasL [ 10 Real Life Networking Tips for Tweeters http://bit.ly/14I4EQ ] This link didn't work for me  ...could you check it?
@ChasmiineRoSe I justt got bck on this badboyy ! But uh no I didn't 
@chasssss they got attacked by the club 
@chathuras à¶¶à¶½à·?à¶œà·™à¶± à·„à¶»à·’ à¶ºà¶±à·Šà¶±à·š à¶±à·‘ à¶­à¶¸à·?, à¶‘à¶­à·Š à¶’ à·„à·’à¶¸à·’à¶šà·?à¶»à·’ à¶´à·?à¶­à·Šà¶­ à¶´à¶½à·?à¶­à¶š à¶´à·šà¶±à·Šà¶± à¶±à·‘ à¶±à·™à·€. à¶‘à·„à·™à·€à·Š à¶šà·™à¶±à·™à¶šà·Š à¶šà·’à¶ºà¶½à·? à·„à·’à¶­à¶´à·” à¶šà·™à¶±à·? à¶œà·’à¶ºà·?à¶§ à¶´à·ƒà·Šà·ƒà·š... 
@chatterboxcgc life isn't about blood, guts, and guitar licks? oh, shucks! 
@chatterboxpr you were very right about that with 1:49 to go. Cavs not getting it done 
@ChattiiCathii lol...girl yes! Im tryna do the same..my PTO is all gone  so i gotta build my vacation time up....boooo! LOL. Whens ya bday
@chattykathy43  have to mow the lawn when i get home.
@chattyman I FUCKING LOVE ALAN CARR. :&gt; Also, i'm rather bored - nothing to do. 
@chaudeey yeah sorry because of this morning ;)) i trained from 11 to 12.30... did one exercise +10 lbs and it burned that hard  
@Chaudry Sorry, just saw that too  We'll think about it but we'll also contact Apple. Managing this via subscription is the correct way.
@chaunceyorr u are the LIAR! Ur a bully! 
@ChauV I has so many things to do 
@chavakn 
@chavie101 See ya around - will try to blog if I have time later tonight. Lots of piled up work to do 
@chayra hahaha.. U know.. As always, i left my cellphone in my room.. I know its a bad habit.. 
@Chaysa sound good,yea still sick  drinkin alot of o.j, need 2 b able 2 party 4 thurs n fri! enjoy ya nite wit them movies babes! beijos!
@chazbot Of course!  The jQuery lightbox plug doesn't activate lightbox on all image links.  Lame!!!! I depend on that!    haha
@chazdrums geez! Bitterness runs deep and long! Sounds like a mediatator is needed but I'm sure you thought of that!    
@chazdrums I wanna jailbreak my ipod but I need to take it back for repairs 
@chazdrums Oh sorry i thought you were talking about somthing else  im dumb bhaha
@ChazziShae damn girl! It will pay off tho! I wish I would have stayed in school I would be graduating!  going back in aug tho yayayaya!
@Chazzy84 Sorry to hear of your hardship chaz 
@ChazzyCat I can top that... Apparently I have messed up about 7? 
@chchchelly same here. feels like i'm in college and i've lost touch with my friends from high school 
@chchchinatown @matertenebrarum none of the ones around usc sell tamales.  after football games they do sell bacon wrapped hotdogs though.
@che3 just wondering,4 spam support role, did you want only local candidates? just bummed i got denied despite previous spam job at ebay 
@che3 worse part is, as you get older it sometimes gets worse. 
@Cheap_Wednesday I know !!!  id b ur agent or driver though , then i get moneys intense email louie  we have lost her 4..3..2 ..4eva 2
@cheapapernapkns who? what? i dunno what you are tryin to say 
@CheapBeach I'm getting a 404 error on your blog 
@cheapriboflavin  hope you feel better
@cheapsuits You betcha. the &quot;airport bar&quot; isn't even open 
@CheaRockOut yes boo I thought u forgot about me where's the love 
@cheaty say it ain't so...&quot;available in the US only&quot;   #bTrendie
@chebonne That secret makes me sad. 
@chebutykin Oh man.. that's awful. 
@chechunor nah, i just wanted to be able to drink at work... im a sort-of-it guy at a software company. Cant even have beer 
@chechunor ok, i have a boring husband 
@checkerpine awww, no fair!! i've never used singapore airlines  hiks hiks. hahahaha
@Checkitout_Maya lmao She gets on my nerves but her music is still catchy 
@checkitoutjune_ hope you have fun june! while i'm here..in boring old Pearsall.  oh well i will have my fun when we go to the JB Concert!
@checkthemike I'm coming today, but I have to leave a 5. Work 
@checkyesjheri aww that sucks 
@Chedsorr Yeah, I will. You can use the MySpace IM tomorrow though, yes? Better than inbox messages that take too long. I'll miss you 
@Cheeeeeeks No, I didn't get to meet GaGa in Toronto.    I nearly passed out at the show, too!  I had to see the paramedic on stand by.
@Cheeg Purple hurts. Can't you have baby blue or orange? 
@cheekiidee  very sorry to hear that - let me know if there's anything I can do.
@CheekiThaSinger  Get well soon, sorry 2 hear that Cheeki.
@cheeksgreatbarz A HELLA LOT PPL WHO GOT UR BACK U SHLDNT TREAT EM LIKE SHIT U WANNA UNFOLLOW ME GO ON NO SWEAT OFF MY ASS, CNT BLIEVE U 
@CheeksTVOffic  I can't vote at all.  I keep getting something about Internet Explorer not being able to open the page 
@cheekymaltesa10 fired up :O i wanna see that 
@cheekyxoxo   Less good.
@Cheep_Tweeter Ah maybe I served you I was the one with a glass in my hand (always) - it closed about 6-7 years ago  @rustycharm
@cheepvintage - nothing can be done about the rayon, love - pressing has reset the fibers permanently 
@Cheerforum LOL! I'm working on it! Developer says it might be down for a little while tonight while all links and url's are changed 
@cheerfulshe will tell you in September-payment in advance. 
@cheergod2002 unfortunately not yet, we have to wait till &quot;the end of the summer&quot; according to att  
@cheerhottie94 hey i cant sry 
@cheeringDNA im sorry to hear...   taylor sent it to me.
@cheers01 guess we all saw it coming but still... 
@cheese_sammich i'm over that idea, i was going to rent all the other seasons but then i realised i have like $10 on my card 
@cheesecakemc all we do is walk up and down rundle  hate being under 18 in this city!!
@cheesechick42 I'm so sorry to hear that, Mandy! Try to feel better...losses are never easy. 
@cheesechick42 Me either!  Not too excited about the new guy but I'm happy Moffat is showrunner...at least we'll have good scripts?
@Cheeser87 SARAH WHERE ARE YOU!? 
@cheesesandwich Yeah.. Same here. My internet is down too. 
@cheesescorn also got infection. 
@CheeseSwan I saw what happened on ML  I'm really sorry
@cheesetal i miss coffee 
@cheeseyy i've only got another 78 days left here! That sucks that it closes so early 
@cheesie you are in London and you're complaining! what about me stuck here? 
@cheesivore   Maybe you two can go out alone when you're up here. Um, mine was nice last weekend for a change. Does that help?
@cheesivore   No visit at all?  Does that mean you have to see his people?
@cheesivore  Sorry to hear it. 
@cheesivore I did get the dm. Sorry I missed it.  #eviltwittertwinhug
@cheesivore That bites. 
@cheesygiraffe aww. I hope you feel better soon. 
@cheesygiraffe I've yet to fall asleep!  
@cheesygiraffe sorry you have a headache now 
@cheesyqueso I hope they're feeling better soon! 
@CheetahmamiBia oooo ok   why  havent you accepted my friends request 
@chefashbabe And they are calling for rain there all weekend 
@ChefDRyals i can never find my name on the souvenir key cahins  ! hahahaha
@chefjay1121 i am sure you two will talk soon, can't be that bad. 
@Chefjayhawk I got bad info. It's not out yet. I apologize 
@chefjeff808 omg!! I miss tonys cooking  I love papaya salad!!
@chefjoanna: nevermind, the remedy I was thinking about turns out to be a myth  http://tr.im/nJYF
@chefromthebay drunk twitts r ok, I got school tomorrow  goin home w. No fighting is koo
@cheftastic it's smells wonderful! It's probably too spicy for you, though 
@Cheftiny sorry about your car.  Insurance cover all of it?
@cheia Me tooo!  So, you never told me, why can't you make it? 
@cheinara Unfortunately, they're not normally indie games 
@chekatileo my mums making me eat otherwise i can't go out 
@chelalala omg, I feel so retarded ): you wanted Illustrator? ugh, lack of sleeeeeeeeeep 
@chelbel3 OUCH.   It's on a Saturday so we could hang that weekend for reallzzzz, Caleb.
@chelcruzan I feel ya..Im so tired and no nap for me cause I start school tonight, ugh 
@chele619  no tweetup this time boooo. Nxt time then I guess. Ill try to make it out there soon too 1nce again BOOO to u ;-)
@chelibasa HEY THAT'S SO FUN.  Say hi to Ines for me. :&quot;&gt;
@CheliFuld I don't have time for it, unfortunately  It's German History after the Holocaust. Heavy stuff, I know...
@ChelisaMontique I don't know that one 
@chelkface RYAN FROM HIGHSCHOOL MUSICAL IS ALSO IN IT. Please go see it. I'd see it with you again but I can't this weekend  xox Much love
@chellachelz hahahah gmn mo ksana.emak gw already slept weheii  jmpt gua aja lo shell skrg! wkwka
@ChellaD11 she won't return my calls 
@ChellChelly nope 
@chellealistic I knooow. It completely breaks my heart. 
@chellearellano Can't do it at work 
Gloom &amp; doom for solar firms: http://bit.ly/2ueTt There goes the sun... Why can't Australia be like Germany on solar power? 
Gloomy afternoon. Got nothing to do. 
GLOOMY and DRIZZLY  
Gloomy days in SD ? WTF! No hard rock   so ima jst work ok some designs ! Any ladys wanna see something in paticullar on a shirt?
Gloomy weather 
Gloomy weather...only you on dvd.. Bad combo 
Glorious early winter morning, fantastic ride. Just can't feel my toes anymore. 
Glorious morning....and I'm going to be in a meeting during most of it 
Glorious sun outside. Wish I had time to walk to Covent Garden to search for pens. But, too too much work to do 
Gloucester/Cape Ann/ Ahhh...Grasshopper  : Actor David Carradine found dead in Bangkok http://tinyurl.com/qwacxs
Glucose makes me feel so bad 
Glue all over my hands and construction paper in my hair, but I'm finally done! 3 hour till I have to get up for school  Good Night!
Glued my fingers together working on a project 
gluten free + truck driving... not always a compatible pairing, unless you can live on chocolate 
GM filed bankruptacy... a stupid transition from General Motors to Government Motors... 
GM going broke?! Wow that can't be good for the rest of us 
GM my twiggas still feeling under the weather today is going to be a long day 
GM TWITT TWITTS...UUUUUGGGGGGHHHH I'M STILL TIRED 
GM twitters! Preparing to go to the park this morning if it doesn't rain!! I need to clear my mind. Feeling a little sad. 
Gma made plans for me today and didn't tell me until just now. 
Gmail blocked by cmpany.. cant chat .. cant email.. very bad   
Gmail has a nasty habit of signing you out at random times... 
gmail is automatically logging me off..  What's wrong??? Google' beginning to hate me..
gmail, facebook, twitter, yahoo mail, yahoo fantasy, blogs, online bank, google calendar, finance, amex.... when will the madness stop 
G'mawnin tweeps!! Had to end my nite early last nite  ... on a brighter note, I woke up feelin betta, thank God for that!!!!!
G'mornin Tworld!!! On my way to work. Ugh im so tired 
G'mornin!!!! where is the sun??  all we need is a lil bit *Sunshine* !!!!!!. wihoeeee I love the summer..
gmornin, i m at a hu table, fish leaves after a lil setup hand  so sick
G'morning socialverse - cleaned up remnants of mums b-day party - suppose there is no #piraten demo in L:Minden 
Gmorning Twitter friends!!!!! Well I was suppose to go to LA...  dunno if  that's still happening
Gmorning Twitters!  Woke up with a head cold.   The beauty of daylight is killing me right now.. Pankcakes w/turkey bacon n potatoes. mmm
G'morning Twitts! First stop (after a LONG night) - Starbucks to get me my daily &quot;hit&quot;.. Haha! THEN to get an oil change.. Ahh! Im tired! 
Gmorning twitts! Ready for the wknd.. But first off to work  T.G.I.F 
G'morning! Last day in San Francisco  Hope to return so soon...
G'Morning, twitter bugs. Had 11 hours of sleep and is still tired. 
G'morning... no coffee in house 
gmote is great, but just like the rest of XP install it hates (samba)networkshares i've not opened in win. explorer this session  #android
GM's plans for selling cars in the US: import them from Mexico and Asia where wages are still low.  http://bit.ly/5NQf6
GMT!! This morning did not turn out 2 good for me.  dont really wanna talk about it but what happend made me much stronger!
Gnah! Inner tube exploded. Gotta get a taxi to work or be late. 
gnarf  just woke up only to have my mouth feel like a desert...
Gnarly wipeout = busted front tire and more cuts 
g'night homies! need 2 prep myself 4 the 2nd week of no #Heroes  what time shuld we begin our HA meetings, lol!
GNIGHT PEEPZ i think  i cant sleep 
G'night twitter world- off to do some graduation/goodbye gift buying tomorrow 
G'night. Can't come up with anything. Time to close Microsoft Word. 
G'night. School tomorrow  4th year 0_o
G'Night.......-my facebook acc has been disabled! 
G'niite all,n I can't believe it,tomorrow may be the last time ill ever go to th uos  !!
G'Nite everyone. Another busy day in the morning.  
Gnite tweeters! Gotta get up in 7 hours 
gnite twitter fam, (rubbin my crystal ball) celtics win and go up 3-2 can't wait. garnett I miss u 
gnite tworld! may you sleep well. i dont think i will 
Gnite. Mom's in the PR. But its not the happy kind of vaction she wouldve like to take 
Go 2 myspace.com/juniorlahlah 4 Material Queen- in your headphones.  I just listened thru my mac speakers. Cant hear the bass at ALL!! 
Go ahead Mr. Stu ... I'm still trying to figure out how @sufvqgvcqjwe found me here.  #TCS
go away hangover 
Go away outside world! I'm not in bed yet so you shouldn't be waking up  *shoves pillow over head*
Go away stupid rain... 
GO AWAY SUN! NOT NOW YOU BITCH 
Go away, depressing weather. You make me sad 
Go be supportive! Just read the Times articles on Iran. The magazine wz real short. 
Go figure - rain again..... I think the sun hates us!   
Go figure now that I'm home I wish I was back in PHNOM PENH! 
Go fuck yourself life. 
Go fuck yourself, seriously. Leave me alone.  Stop destroying any slight bit of happiness you see because you have problems 
Go Go Conference Call! Oh, no-one's answering. 
Go go go magic!!! Yeah! Too bad for the rockets 
go hayate!!!&lt;3 the manga story..lol hayate is new manga..hohoho n also &lt;3 alice academy,unfortunatly,there's no season2 of it.. 
go home already  not used to this!
go home lo!! bz week ahead. imy. 
Go Jays Go!  @ the gm... not a v good 5th for Richmond 
GO LAKERS!! I should be at that game right now 
Go Lakers!!! I'm in a rlllllllllllly crappy mood &amp; kinda have been all week  idk whats wrong, but I've just been really depressed lately.
Go Leo! $10M in my bank account and I'd be gapping it too. Mind you I spose the rest of us will pay for Westpacs stuff up in our fees 
Go magic tonight!! I hope the beer I buy is enough to last 
Go Magic's. Labron is OUT! sorry Cleavlend fans..... 
Go O MAGIC!!! My team was playing like them the 1st game (we kicked butt!!) Now, the 2nd game and 3rd..we looked like the B Celtics   LOL
Go online already. 
go orlando but its gonna be lakers,,,,, sweep!!!!! 
Go Puerto Rico! 3 assassinations in less than an hour, all in the same town. Up to 361 assassination this year. My little island. 
go the Baa-Baas!!!!!!!!!!! Because I love Waugh, Lyons and Whitaker...so sad that Elsom is out though 
Go The Bulldogs! ;D really tired 
GO THE TIGERS!!!! we finally won three games. so excited. but i hav a bad headache 
go to college in a day like this is really obnoxious!!!  going to class! back at 10 am! hotel at 12 am! *-*
Go to school now. PE again 
go to the beach with my puppy  My last day in California 
go to the dentist 
Go to vote fot the europeans voteeeee  But i don't feel me like an european so these votes r not importanttt 
Go Twilight in MTV Movie Awards tonight! Poor me can't see the show live. Buuuu Sweden! 
Go! Late on my WAF talks 
Go0o0odnight Universe. Oh and I think I'm growing .. O.o Hopefully i can get to 5 feet.  Being 4'11 just sounds sad.
goal for today: get 3/4 of my paper done before i go to sleep. hopefully i can sleep tonight 
goal of work day: see hot interns face. So far, no sightings. Only his northface backpack and laptop in his cube. 
Goat-less... 
Gobbledigook making me go Rah Rah, especially combined with SRP. 
God  hate kings island. It takes my girl away from me 
god #F1 = boring at the moment 
God 4give me....Ima bad influence 2 ppl.....maybe I shud quit twitter     *feelinz hurt*
God Bless leftover Vietnamese take out...Boo on dinner dates who don't call you and let you down last minute 
God bless the fink family. 
God Bless the people on Air France who are missing!! if you guys run into the island from Lost, pls say hi to the smoke monster for me! 
God bless you #neda 
god cant stand this house sometimes 
god dam weather wish it would stop raining need to go to morrisons and get a few things, but dont fancy walking in the rain 
God Dammit i overslept 
God dammit no one in this town has: S trange Days, Escape from New York, or Streets of Fire. 
God dammit! Even tweetdeck failed me! Booted me out. I'm gonna develop technophobia soon. 
God dammit, Pixar. Five months difference between the premiere date of &quot;Up&quot; in America and Europe? FIVE MONTHS? 
god dammit. Da you updated your emoticons and I hate u 
god dammit...I hate being sick 
god damn ham, i cant get my twitterberry to work now 
God damn it  we are down 2 to 0 
GOD DAMN IT ANDREW BRAVNER WAS AT WONDERLAND! FML I WAS GONNA GO!! I could of seen him! And got an autograph D: i fail at life 
god damn it everyone i care about seems to be leaving me behiind am 16 and goin to be all alone apart frm the bf 
GOD DAMN IT FUCKING !!! &gt;.&lt; I just hurt my hand really bad  Seriously, the pain is ghakgambambs !! XO I'm so clumsy, damn it !!
God damn it I think I've cought my second wind. I was so hoping to be in bed by now 
god damn it someone hit me up 
GOD DAMN IT! I'm gonna miss fucking Train.  They play tomorrow while I'm at work. !
god damn it! This weather is making it impossible for me to get my natural tan on. I wish I could fake and bake right now 
god damn it!!!! just broke one of me nails now gah!! bloody things  come sharp as well lol *sobs cos me nails look odd lol *
god damn it, my card got rejected. now im not getting the sims 3 
God damn it. Cant get in to Marilyn Manson. Too many people!!!! Its closed 
god damn my pic thing is not workin 
God damn why does my knee hurt? 
God damn xbox.com/support, their tracking as messed up now &quot;No repair requests&quot; is showing, they've got my xbox 
God damn you Twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop eating my undeleted DMs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
God damn, I've had to make some judgement calls over what is and what isn't an insult but I think so far only 12  @UndeadDoG @Astro_nit
god damn,i do NOT want school 
God damn.. my fridge is emptier than the syringes in New Jack City 
God damnn my lifee I'm such an idiot! 
God everyone's having roasts today 
God fuck, my eye is itching like fuck 
God has healed my phone! But man my shoulder is KILLING me. 
God help me  i feel like cryin... And no one to help me get thru this once and for all...damn school
God help me today! I swear if this bitch fucks with me today ill go ape shit. Another day at work. ho hum 
god how im going to fail this exam, i dont know why i bothered revising! 
God how is the gym on base crowded at this time of night????? Can't even get on a treadmill 
god i am poooped and freakin tired.......     ugh my summer is coming horribl 
god i am soooo bored designing work sucks 
God I can't do mornings  think I could do with a light box - anyone tried one?
god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is shit house 
god i can't stop crying, i blame disney. . . i wanna go back to disneyland, florida or paris . . 
god i cant work wen i feel like this just wanna go home n sit in a dark room 
God I don't wanna work today 
God I feel like shit. Never watch Jurrasic Park 3 at 1 AM, i had nightmares! 
God I h8 some1 so much It drives me crazy :@ 
God I hate interviews 
God I hate it when I get my anxiety episodes just spent the last hour making sure no one was inside my house 
god i hate it when my sister gets in trouble...all you hear is screaming. ugh, i gives me a headache 
God I hate making inappropriate spelling mistake in tweets 
God I HATE Monday mornings ! 
god i hate packing 
God I HATE saying goodbye   these two weeks are going to suck.
god i hate scary movies 
God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. I'm such a wimpy. 
God I hate waiting around  #fb
God I have no life 
God I haven't even started work yet and my leg is killing already! I can sense a bad week ahead 
god i hear sirens again  crazy lunatic drivers
god i hope i aint getting sick again. That would suck. 
god i just wanna scream my lungs out 
God I just want to sleep. 
God I love geneseo. Eating aunt cookies on front porch at main cuz I already gave ali my keys  haha
god i miss home 
god i miss my old band 
God I miss the time when weekends used to be fun! 
God i miss u now !! 
god i need a cig 
God I need to get an HDTV they make games look so much better &amp; wtf I missed another Live Game of 1 vs 100? 
god i really miss amy 
god i really miss hanging out with devon 
God I really miss Pavilion 
god i thought it was a new series of never mind the buzzcocks for a second there just a repeat though 
God I wish i could afford the Sims 3!!! 
God I wish I had shane dawsons hair I tried the tips he gave on YouTube and it's pretty epic (lol) but not like his  I'm so jelous! ï¿½.ï¿½
God I wish I was still in America 
God I wish something else was on watchin this game is makin me miss playing football  stupid injuries...
god i wish wayne`s wok was opened late...i`m craving some walnut shrimp. 
god i'm a bit shaky now 
god im afraid of swine flu 
God I'm ill, throwing up non stop since 10pm last night. Felt like I was dying, so rough 
God I'm sick of people saying I &quot;look ill&quot; or &quot;too skinny&quot; or &quot;borderline anorexic&quot;. Jeez! Just because everyone's used to seeing me fat. 
God I'm so freakin' stressed... 
God im so sick of being a bum. Lonelylonelylonely 
god I'm sooooo sick  how can someone get a cold in the summertime???
god Im sooooooo mad  coz my phone isnot working !!!!
God I'm sort of annoying its like great+ awful+fabulous at the same time!  hahahahah shit
God I'm still sad !  I wanted to go to the Jonas Brothers show in London ! I'd kill to see the Jonas Brothers and McFly playing together
God i'm such a nerd haha 
god i'm tired  really fed up too, theres nothing to do back to school on tuesday really dont wanna go back but then again its boring here
God im tired now im gonna be dead by 11 and im up at half 6 2morrow 
god im tired today 
god im to old to learn a new social network...i havent even figured out the old one yet 
god im up far to early for my day of 
God I'm welling up listening to the Don't Do Sadness/Blue Wind scene again. They actually break my heart 
God is creepy!! I'm scared now 
god is mad cause all time low doesn't come to houston enough, thats why its raining today. 
God is seriously mad @ me! Just got back from the ER. Pediatrician thought lil man had meningitis. But, he's just really sick  other virus
god it's been raining ALLL day 
God its hot, cant even take the girls to the park 
god it's so hot and my sunburn hurts 
God it's to early to type, where's the darkness when you need it *looks in his cookie jar* nope only shining light of hope in there 
God it's waaaaay to early 
GOd ive got too many tweets :L ok theres seriously weird music on radio disney :L went outside to do macbeth ugh i really hate p2 
God just had the day from hell at work. Glad to be home just a shame im working tomorrow 
God knows what I need, but c'mon and gimme a clue already, i don't have an idea  Second day of college, and i'm hella  tired.
god me chest feels bad today feel like if a little elphant has sat on it can no breath prople 
God misery another incomming migrane, and in bed at half eight. Hope the blood tests are all OK 
god my arms are still aching from the trip  i had fun though. great watercamp.
God my feet hurt 
god my first day of work was tiring! 
god my stupid ankle is so screwed up! 
god my throat is killing me... i cant even talk without it hurting  
God people who insistantly interrupt my reading are flipping annoyances! Leave me alone I wanna read in peace you stupid texters 
God please forgive all that oppress you....   sigh...
God please get my ass to LA on Wednesday 
GOD please keep her safe   I hope she goes to an amazing home... and the seller doesn't do the same thing to them like she did me!
god sake!!! i am so failin tomoro now!! 
God sake, iTunes work please!! 
god there's nothing I want more than to play a gamecube right now, unfortunately I don't own one 
god this headache wont fuck off, im dying! little man with the jackhammer in my head, go away please 
god this pain is horrible  I don't wish this on anybody
God work again tommorow 
God! im tired, i wanna go home 
GOD! spareeee meeee from this insanityyyyy 
God! They look stumpy... I'm not sharing my toes tonight 
God! Velvet on 6.30 pm and we got front row seat !!!Are you kidding? Of course I'm not happy. This is us watching movie not fashionshow 
GOD! y do these so called men always seem 2 p**s me off what a f*kin w**k* !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
god!!!!  i need something to wake up!!! i'm falling sleep here 
God, a lot of shows are being cancelled.  First Kings, then TSCC.  Bummerrr.
God, back to the work week 
God, does this suck. I feel like the most helpless person on Earth right now. I can't sleep or eat. I'm all wound up... 
God, I don't want to go to work tomorrow. Can't my vacation start now? 
God, i hate tinyTwitter - and tweeting on an old mobile! 
God, I love this so bad  ? http://blip.fm/~5yvw8
God, I miss home, I miss the time when I can play the music to the loudest volume and sing as loud as I want, even at 3 in the morning 
god, i miss my books  dont worry loves, ill be home to pick you up soon -and then we can go for that vacation together &lt;3
God, I need a netbook BAD  I can't be tweeting from my mobile forever, I need a fucking PC!!!
God, I really really need to study ... I don't like kidneys  Stupid organs.
God, I really want a fat blunt right now.... But I don't 
God, I wish it was Monday!! I want the new Placebo album! 
God, I'm trapped in that never-ending meeting and now my bf is (sort of) mad 
God, its so hot...please stop having a bbq.  *sweats*
god, make it fly faster than i'm ... 
God, MSN's being WELL stupid  wadda let down
god, never eat taco bell. I'm so so so icky feeling 
God, please bring peace to Iran 
God, please gimme one lil super duper annoying sisterrr. i miss nina, i miss bullying her 24/7. she was just like my lil sister. 
God, please help me... i don't know what to do with a father like him 
God, the bass on my S500s isn't awful.. it's just awful! Have my surround sound woofer on really low just to keep the bass up 
god, well im officially obsessed with twilight again 
god. burned a big hole in the couch. IDIOT!!! 
God. Everyone here knows me. I hate Arran. 
God. I think a bird just shited on my nose. 
god... im suffering greatly... having no hair + sitting in blazing sunshine = v v bad sunburn 
God... yet another meeting... 
god.....i dont wanna work today! 
God...fed up of twitter... 
God..thanks for my beautiful wife, but maybe you could help her not take so many Facebook quizzes 
goddady just stolen $20 from me. I am starting to dislike godaddy 
Goddam that Little Big Planet level, I make it a little further every time I try, then I die again! 
Goddamit! There are hardly any good bands who are gonna tour in england 
goddammit i hate when i leave auto notifications set on spammy games. i just wish there was a twitter version of dope wars already 
Goddammit i need a aion beta key 
goddamn i hate my life 
Goddamn rain has ruined my day again. Half hour skating in the park and then down it comes. And I worry my skates will go rusty 
Goddamn! Another weekend comes to an end!  Absolutely no idea how this weekend passed! :|
Goddamnit Little Bohemia. 
Goddamnit so much traffic 
Goddd i h8 it wen my mum taks out myy STUPID bruvaz anga out on mee it relli pisses  me  (ANGRIIIII)!
Goddd, I hate feeling awkward everywhere I go  seeing the hangover for the 4th time!
Godddamnit I cannot sleep 
godddd im craving for sour sally  i hate this fcking cough
Gods, it's so SLOW at work today. So bored. 
Gods...tax is not helping to keep me awake. Its as bad as I anticipated. Why can't I have caffeine?? 
Godspeed Disney Fairies.     http://bit.ly/ByeTink
Godspeed to those over at the Ford Everest launch in Baguio. Shame I wasn't invited 
Goede morgennnnnn, where are you sunshine? 
goen to bed now... soo burnt!  gotta be at aspen at 10... getting my physical fitness on... gotta get skinny 4 LA lol
gogowww how come we can't have deals like that from Houston? 
gogster quit!  But might return! But on the other hand, I got a new style on the blog and hopefull a cooler header!
goig to hospital tommorow 
Goiin for my tea now, then sadly its homework  so, i shall see ya'll soon xox
Goiing on Coastal Potrol today 
Goimg to school  I want an icee
goin  to bed now - sooo sleepy 
Goin  to bed!! Had a longg day and tired of video games! ugh my eyes hurt from looking at the screen! 
goin 2 bed after finishing Harry Potter &amp; the Deathly Hallows for the 3rd time.. can't help always crying at the same parts of the book 
goin 2 bed now! 
Goin 2 bed. Got a funeral to go to in the AM... 
Goin 2 daycare 4 another 9 hours. Cant wait til friday, GNO! Misses him really bad. 
goin 2 get my hair cut 
Goin 2 ielts class now!need 2 study hard then this Sep i can take an exam! Try try try .....sigh 
goin 2 skewl sadly but hey awesome thing is there's no skewl thursday aww man im gunna get 2 skewl late today 
goin 2 sleep now since daquan aint answer da fone...we cudda been cakin 
Goin 2 sleep nw. I hve skwl 2mrw  I &lt;3 my iPhone app called esleep I put on a timer 4 1h it jus mkes da sounds I wnt e.g peaceful rain.
goin 2 vbs 2day.! waterday.! cant go 2 rahwa's partay.! 
gOin 2bed nOw...gOtta get up early...gettin excite 2graduate..if he didn't fuk up..it be perfect  oOohh well gOt my fam bam 24/7..
goin 4 a bit of shoppin, den continue revisin 4 exams 
Goin back home today... 
goin down to take bout my grandpa... 
goin fixing my nanas computer soon - gotta reinstall windows  that sucks!!!
Goin' for a detox run...this should be fun. 
goin for a run and then showerin and back to torts 
goin get a tat tomorrow well today! im scared 
goin gto work soon boring  lol atleast i get paid! 
Goin home im tired and i have tonssssss of homework 
Goin home.. 
goin n take a shower omg i m so tired...goin crazy about this damn book   see ya later
@chellebelle229 That sux.  
@chellefaace &amp; @marrriia  exclude people 
@chelleis HAHAHA Agri was so late ok! I bet u muz b at church now! I juz came back from e airport. LOL. N no, I didn't find you-know-who. 
@ChelleisWicked Wait, I suppose that means Locke actually IS dead, then? I liked Locke 
@chellemariee gay! I have school thurs  &amp; I was at ramons game instead lol
@ChellePaperie I wish.  My HP CM1015 can't handle texture.  One more added expense for off-site printing 
@cheller_beams i have no comeback 
@CHELLETASTIC sorry my brb took longer  i jumped on the wii for a sec &amp; then i got back &amp; u were gone..
@chelleysmiles we didnt get to hangout today.  next time. 
@chelloo ohhh okay. i thought he would have a better bod with all that talking about him working out and stuff =/ i'm a twilight hater 
@Chells oh, i have books on that but no practical experience 
@ChellyBelle Hi SleepyHead, your buddy LentilSoupBetch is now following me. 
@chellybooo 79 days?!? that's sooo long.... i wish it was next week, i'm not enjoying being at home at all 
@chellycat14 oh noooo....  when are you leaving?
@chellysaidwhat yeah, a day that should have been mine! 
@cHelLyWeLlz what's wrong!?!?! 
@chelovechki - Yes but I have four exams to condense into 2 dats...failure. + I want to watch MTV MA's 
@chelovechki Canceled? I thought Harper's Island was supposed to only be 1 season. Canceled mid season? 
@chelrose i think you meant fo'steez!! @lalalauraxo uggh i wish. 
@chelsBREE today is johnnys bday so we're all going out  sorry dear.
@Chelsea_Lauren oh my goodness this is so sad!  poor little fella
@chelsea_playboy 
For the first time in months I have a freshly formatted memory card in my camera--but no free time to shoot! 
For the first time in my life, I am dropping off a computer at a tech shop 
for the gays i only made 200 tonight 
For the life of me, I can't understand y ppl in dis house don't close soda tightly. Flat Pepsi is gross! 
For the love of God #Apple Please update my order to 'Shipped'.  Been waiting for over 30 hours now! 
For the love of god.... put out a fix for #quadcamera already !  3.0 breaks the app.  
For the love of Someone; still no Prototype... Apparently they have it, but aren't allowed to sell it until the 12th 
for the past couple of years, i have pain that goes from my left shoulder blade all the way down to my left wrist.  it's VERY annoying. 
for the past week, when i woke up in the morninq, i didnt even bother lookinq out the window cuz i knew RAIN was the verdict 
For the people that call me, please don't think I'm rude cause I don't talk much. I got 4 ulcers in my mouth and they fucking hurt. 
For the record, that was at least three times as shit as I expected. 
For the second night in a row, I've inexplicably woken up at 6:30 am. Unfortunately, unlike yesterday, I was unable to fall back asleep 
For the second time: Someone pls ABOLISH MONDAYS????!!!!! Specially monday mornings...blargh! 
for the whole time @haydendavey? 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow, especially when he knows it's going to be round 3 
Doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.... 
Doesnt want to go to work tonight...and its my first day. 
Doesnt want to go to work! 
doesnt want to have to let another girl go in 40 minutes 
Doesnt want to have to revise tomorrow.....had enough 
doesn't want to leave Ellensburg 
doesn't want to leave Killarney 
Doesn't want to leave michael 
doesnt want to leave nathan for a week  but i know it will probably be for the better.
doesnt want to leave New York tomorrow 
doesn't want to packkkkkk 
Doesn't want to return Fallout 3 to blockbuster. 
doesn't want to say GOODBYE 
doesn't want to sit through another day of training. 
doesn't want to sleep  just won a free ipod case woot! WWDC Contest. btw there is a new girl at work...very nice!!!
doesnt want to sleep alone tonight... Again 
doesnt want to swim 
Doesn't want to take her math test later 
doesn't want to tidy his room  *mess 10*
doesnt want to wait all the way until 4pm tomorrow to listen to hamish and andy!! 
doesn't want to wait in an unfurnished empty house for the gas company guy... 
doesn't want to wake up in the morning to go and get a new battery for my car.  
doesn't want to watch Drag Me To Hell  but her friends are forcing her too. pfft.
doesn't want to work 
Doesnt want to work today  NIACC starts tommorow
doesn't want you to go stupid tonight  but i can't be protective forever cause i love you
doesnt want you to move  weere getting so close. im gunna miss you like hell
Doesn't wantvto get out of bed!!! 
doesn't wlreally wan to work today or tommorow ugh 
Does't want Kylie to go on her cruise!! i can't talk to her for 10 days!   #fb
Dofe today, goodbye everybody, i might just die  xxx
dog in the proposal...too adorable. work @ 8  but yay for new cameraa
dog just farted  so bad.....
Dog may have cat flue. Staying over at the vet 
Dog sittin has been sooo fun!! makes me want anothr puppy but i still miss mine  r.i.p
dog sitting for the rest of the week. nicole leaves wednesday  i leave friday to see the eye alaska dudes! stoked!
dog sled is cancelled... 
dog watching is not fun; when you have to clean up after them 
dog woke me up again. peepee poopoo this time. better get back to....NAH. NOT LIKE I HAVE ANYTHING TO WAKE UP TO. 
Goin on block leave next week!! the Iraq....   oh got my smallpox shot...pain
goin on the road today so no more twitter!  hit me on the cell if u hav it, n if u love me! lol &lt;3
goin out 2 the club 2night can wait 2 party with my girls heels will be on deck 2 night OOWWWW!!! lol but i know my feet are goin 2 hurt 
Goin out for Bianca's bday. I wish hubby wasn't working tonight  ladies night
goin running again  ugh
goin start revising 
Goin Swimmin in Gourock Pool avec Emma  not happy, s'gonna be mobbed :| and it's TOO HOT! @Emmahrrr - why don't you see sense woman?! ~x(
Goin through basketball &amp; KOBE withdrawal   http://myloc.me/3Ycz
goin thru it over here,bein in this house SUCKS! Divorce SUCKS! Strugglin just to be on my own SUCKS!tryin so hard 2 b grateful right now 
goin to bed 
goin to bed and tomorrow school. argh, i don't want to go 
goin to bed jus got done playin basketball at downtown usf. soooooo tired! 
goin to bed now.work tomorrow  !! Trying to DreaM from Neverland again i do believe in fairys i do i do !!! Night ya'll
Goin to bed. I need to sleep off this piglet flu so i can get up for work in 7 hours 
Goin to bed.. Had a loooong day! So not lookin forward to the work week. Or Kenna's shots tomorrow afternoon. 
dog+sprayed by skunk=me having to bathe her in tomato juice in the morning! 
Doggone it! I only got an hour nap in  I really want some Ponderosa chicken wings!
Dogs are worth the trouble they conjure up and more!  http://bit.ly/V3nUW Just imagine life w/o 'em 
Dogs eyes seem bad. Just forked out on new washing machine so why not a vets bill to top it off eh?!?! 
Dogs got out and i cant find them. 
Dogs Marley &amp; Kaylee are at Pet Emergency for 12-24 hours - possible leaf toxicity (mold) got them. IV fluids are being pushed. 
Dogs unable to catch a rabbit. No lunch for me today. 
DOH - right the first time.... 
Doh bought a baguette with mayo in again 
D'oh! 4th nationally, missed a medal by 2 points!  
D'oh! Fell asleep on the couch for two hours. Now I bet I won't be able to get to sleep at bedtime. 
Doh! I forgot my lunch. 
Doh! Missed a question and blew my streak. 
D'oh! overslept needed to be at conference in Chester by 8.30am...will have to work from home instead. More marking it is then 
Doh! Powercut during an upgrade borked my ubuntu install 
D'oh! Why do I always have to have the best ideas for new videos and the oomph to do them when I have no time?! 
D'OH!!!! I knew it was too good to be true...the &quot;coupon/voucher&quot; is for 10 days only....  my fault..but at least my friend had fun!
d'oh, decided to install firmware 3.0 - having misread the message on devteams blog - now have an unactivatable iPhone 
Doh, just got asked to work on Monday instead of Tuesday, had to say no  No big deal, oh well
Doh. I feel a migraine coming on 
DOH. I have no self-control. Just downed 2 oreos.  Only way to stop is sleep. Good night. Lord bless ya.
D'oh. Sayang Build 'n Brawl Series 7 offered by Cool Republic Toy Shop in GH will release toys by set, not as individual figures. 
Doin 70 on i75 
doin a double two days in a row.  oh how i cherish the weekends 
Doin coursework......MY DEADLINE IS NEARLY HERE!!! 
Doin da bet bbl  call me!!!!
doin english prodject 
Doin errands  can't do all via internet! Setlist party 4 Aerosmith 2nite. Fun w/great peeps! Rockin n Rollin all nite long! &lt;3 Lumina 
Doin homework  well, kinda!
For those of you heading out of vancity I've heard the hwy is closed east bound at cwack 
for those of you thinking i hate the yankees - i dont. i'm a yankees fan.  and losing to the orioles no less 
for those of you who sent me a @reply, i have to change it... AGAIN! i'm just gonna use the other one.  i want THE SHOUT one though...
For those that know sexie lisa on blather her beloved pet has just died and she is a bit sad at the mo. 
For those who are not working  ? http://blip.fm/~7be5l
FOR THOSE WHO DO NOT KNOW YET, THE (COPS) IN TEHRAN, HAVE ALREADY SHOT &amp; KILLED ONE PROTESTER. MORE TO COME I GUESS 
For those wondering, Crunchy is off Twitter.  He was like - yeah...no.  I might b right bhind him. 
for you??? kewl and gang just listened to it there ... ya I had heard it .. go for it ...im in brutal form 2day 
Forced creative writing is hard, slow, and very painful. Even detailed lesson plans are easier. 
forced to end playing The Last Remnant because of an error 
forced to work on sunday 
Forcing a North-Eastern diet upon myself. Black coffee instead of sweet tea and strictly british biscuits only. 
Forcing calculus to be my best friend today. Why does math reject my love? 
goin to bed... i hate goin asleep wen ders no1 else in the house 
goin to bed...definitly didn't study like i wanted to 
goin to bed..i got a lot of homework tmrw 
goin to beddd. nick's graduation tmrww partyy after, then examss alll weeekkk ahhhh 
goin to bedddd, i don't feel well 
Goin to class. 
Goin to coventry with Beckles later! : D RIP Adam Cook 
goin to disney land for halloween nxt year 
goin to docs as im poorly. lost 2 much weight in 3 days 
Goin to eat @ Bob Evans with the Reeders and my homegirl, Dana! Sad she's going home today 
goin' to eat then sayin bye to big brother. 
goin to get ready. Why does it always have to rain 
Goin to go get my tranny looked at  gotta be done by friday, otherwise the wheeler is gettin strapped to the top of the cavalier :s
goin to paaaartay...and work in the am  boooooo
goin to play soccer! then avenue with my guy buds...ugh i swear one is gay! he acts like it and IS but do they believe me? NoOo 
Goin' to see my dentist  Nooo  I am scared ! :/
goin' to sleep.. my gums still hurt  ..
goin to sleep..sis is off to the uk tomorrow..one month of loneliness 
goin to tha doctor!!  kinda nervous tho..
forcing my self to wake up , long day with the fam ahead of me , and omg it's monday  tomorrow 
Forcing myself to be positive, wears of all my positivity. 
Forcing myself to get out of the bed, gotta go look at a puppy for my gpa's birthday  I want one!!
Forearms hurt from Wii Punchout.... 
Forecast for Boston this weekend: rain, rain rain. How come every time I go anywhere it rains? I should just stop expecting anything else 
Forecast for the next 10 days = rain every single day? Noooooooooooo 
Forecast more RAIN next 7days great 
forecast:  rain for the next century.... bahhh, when is it ever going to end?  
foresee myself being extremely cranky later on because of dental. teeth is going to hurt so bad 
Forest Fire Grows to 800 Hectares   http://bit.ly/aY0HD
Foreva in my heart...grandfather, grandmother, cousin, aunt.. 
Forever imprinted in my mind- &quot;I feel like you hate me one day and love me the next and I'm too weak to keep up.&quot;   
forever the sickest kids - catastrophe - my life song. i just ruined my profile 222/77/88 by posting this. NOOO 
Forever-last exam... Hakz... 
forget about should've said no... too difficult 
Forget about what I said about feeling better  I think I have pink eye now.
Forget Paris on HBO....which just makes me miss Paris AND the NBA. 
Forget same page... I think I'm reading a whole different book most days 
Forget the mall i think im sick.  uhg i need to buy jeans and a dress. Fucking water boil already
forget to take your advil pm ONCE and you wake up at 4:30am  important lesson there.
Forgetting your ID and having to have your boss sign you in isn't the best idea  I hate mondays.
forgot a fork  &amp; it's jean day @ work and I didn't even know, ahh!!
Forgot about the avacados on the counter.    in the trash they go.  Sigh...
Forgot about the ''i have a bf'' excuse to turn sum1 down today and i looked like a jerk. 
doin homework!!!.................... 
Doin hw ugh 
Doin' laundry... yey.. 
doin ma home work 
doin maths study stiiilll  but also listening to lady gaga!!!! yea
doin' my hw!! and worried 4 my friend 
doin nuthn 
doin retarded yard work after finding out dat the Cavs lost 
doin some maths -_- i waanna a fun 
doin statistics course work 
Doin' the damn thing... That is, working again 
doing #fridayfollow for the first time today, never done it before because dont want to hurt anyones feeeling that I dont include 
doing a bit of c++ 
doing a great Paris Hilton impression with shades on in the office..............twat 
Doing a grocery run. Could be one of the last in Queens. 
doing a history project, wishing i was at dancing for a cure with miles, danny, kait and lisa 
doing a lot of homework. ugh ! that's totally making me sick 
Doing a massive file backup. I hope I don't miss out on important stuff. I really wanna go to Maccas. 
Doing a photo shoot for my head shots... I also have California by Metro Station stuck in my head! Probably cuz i wanna leave for cali 
Doing a sound job in the atrium at Fernbank in Atlanta. Party for a bunch of lawyers.  I love mixing in 4 story marble rooms... 
doing a stupid exam for 2 hours which we were not told about.bored and not happy 
doing a whole bunch of urgent citation checking/linking for our research bank- driving me berko. not one of my regular jobs either 
forgot about the lactose theory and snacked on leftover cheese quesadilla. super unhappy belly. 
forgot about the Tony's 
forgot all about dinner...now I'm starving 
Forgot all about my first meeting of the day, bad way to kick off my Thursday! Gonna be 35 minutes late, sorry Pastor Jeff. 
forgot dessert today. 
forgot fob was on today today 
forgot he had to work tonight. 
forgot her coffee in the car 
forgot her mobile at home  *argh* #frustration
Forgot her pillow. 
Forgot her zoo card at home. Realized error after family unloaded into stroller 
Forgot how hot &quot;cheers 2 u&quot; was!! I miss the 90's 
Forgot how much I love LONG days.. haven't had one in agesss. 1251am and I'm exhausted for once! But tonight though: Fuck. 
Forgot i had to wake up early to take my sister to work. So lame! I hate waking up early...   i'd rather just stay up! - xoxo
forgot i have no neuro today and could sleep in an extra hour 
forgot i made a twitter months ago....maybe ill get into this  lol
Forgot I put a kettle on the burner. All the water cooked out.  Time to get a teapot that whistles.
forgot my book @ school so I can't read!!!! 
Forgot my breakfast!  wk 2 of summer school starting off not so smooth.
Forgot my camera battery   lots of sights today.
forgot my cell at home  boooo... working til 5
Forgot my cell phone @ home...  What the hail am I gonna do all day?!?!   
Forgot my charger .at ash's  but good thing I got 2 phones ;) not gonna study til tomorrow early; --.*night tweeties---xo&lt;333
Forgot my charger for macbook pro... Now without internet 
forgot my facebook and email passwork.. dont know what to do 
forgot my gym clothes at home  argh
Forgot my headphones at home... Looks like no TWiTs at work today  #squarespace
forgot my IDs, Noe's sheets for daycare, and to sync up my new album to my iTouch.  This isn't a promising start to the day 
Forgot my ipod @ home  going to suffer through the bus ride to school
forgot my iPod for the train to London 
forgot my lunch today 
Forgot my lunch today  Now I have to try to find a healthy option in this fast food mecca that is NKy.
Forgot my medicine against hey fever at home, holy shit 
Forgot my pain medicine last night. Goin thru withdrawal already....I hate this. 
Forgot my phone charger at my grandma's, i really hope my other charger works i know it has problems  
Forgot my power adapter today so I've got 42mins on the macbook. This PC keyboard is already doing my tree in 
Forgot my protein shake snack  that will make for a sad rest of my shift at Puppywood.
Forgot my to bring my meds 
Forgot my Toll Tag. Going to be late to the #dfwwp meetup. 
Forgot my watch  so lost ha
forgot that i wanted to put on a movie to fall asleep during. oh well 
Forgot that Xbox Live would be down today. 
forgot the candies 
forgot the exam was tomorrow  it seems ages away and its less than 24 hours actually haha!
Forgot to account for a time zone change. I could have gotten another hour of sleep! 
forgot to back up my RSS feeds on my old work PC, damn - I miss my webcomics 
Forgot to bring my sweater to work. Hope I don't freeze!!! 
Forgot to buy dressing so I'm eating my salad on a hot dog bun 
forgot to buy the hula hoop today 
Forgot to continue the Twitter role call...will try again later today 
Forgot to Dailybooth yesterday   Forgive me???? http://tinyurl.com/kupelu
Forgot to deactivate my Fw CS4 to add my serial. Today it wouldn't launch since it expired. Winding the clock back was the only solution. 
Forgot to eat today...no breakfast, no lunch after workout...not healthy at all...  VERY hungry now....:S
Forgot to leave the multiply autouploader  biiiiitttttch.
Forgot to mention in last tweet, photos by Elizabeth Messina. Also need to look for a cheaper Oly 50mm F2.0 macro lens. Oly is expensive 
forgot to plurk yesterday. [karma down] waah  http://plurk.com/p/12e2ol
forgot to put sheets on foam matress. guess it's sleep on wooden floor night...  http://twitpic.com/5cb7y
Forgot to put sun tan lotion on my left foot 
forgot to put the blister plasters on my feet this morning . . . walking goes ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow 
forgot to rent a BB movie, now will have to check pay preview 
Forgot to say this earlier today: I LOVED LOVED LOVED the Dollhouse final. I reallyy hope it gets renewed - even though the odds are low. 
forgot to start the drier, so his towels are still wet.  Is it drier or dryer?
Forgot to switch of the alarm clock this morning...  woke up at 6 am 
Forgot to take bins out before left for work this morning. Think @aliCM is going to make me sleep outside with them 
forgot to take my birdfeeders in last night hope the Bears pass us by tonite.. Ug 
Forgot to take my camera to school 
forgot to take off my skittles makeup. i don't wanna take it off 
forgot to take the applications to his landlord yesterday. fail 
Forgot to Tivo Americas besta dance crew  old season non the less great
Forgot to turn device updates on, to comfy to turn on puter  at least there is Pavorotti aahhh. So for now im just sending not receivi ...
Forgot to update the release date of Bluebird yesterday 
forgot to update twitter 
Forgot to use the powersupply. Battery is empty and I can start again 
forgot to wake little one up for toilet before I went to bed last night, now I have lots  of bedding to wash. 
Forgot today was patch day. Woke up early for nothing. 
forgot wallet at home 
Forgot what it was like to have 100 degree weather every day... no fun sweating to death on our evening bike rides... ugh 
Forms are the most &quot;Boring&quot; part of web development. Especially those big application forms   #html #css #yam
Formula 1 championship in trouble   http://bit.ly/2hBtTN .. on a +ve side, Force India (Mallya) has a good chance!
Forogt my toothbrush 
forrest gump is a sad sad movie 
Fort Walton Beach, FL was great last week. Back to reality this week 
Forte was great this week'end has been so long ; late nights im really tierd now -  i lost my phone 
forth time being pulled over this week, tenth time in less than a year... a little annoyed 
Forty dollars gone in half and hour. 
Forum ,  Web site and Game ?s Down 
forum closed until further notice. sorry guys! 
Forum Post: Im sorry little Hare: I had a terrible driving accident today     A Hare ran out in fro.. http://tinyurl.com/n4gt5t
Fought my way through the rain to the Chatt Market only to find that the strawberry vendors were sold out,, didn't wait until new supply. 
Foulest day - son went away for 3 days, took 23 kids to sheffield and found a lump.  Where you don't want to find a lump - yes there 
Found @SkyeSweetnam, @HappySlip, @thecobrasnake, @Lisa_Veronica, @Jessicaveronica in Twitter! No Adam Levine for me.  Fangirl mode! Cold!
Found 2 packs of gum someone left in my truck. I don't even like gum and that's still the highpoint of work so far this year 
Found a big black hair in my Crunchy Nut this morning. Not happy. 
FOUND A CAR!!!!!!.....HOPE I CAN GET IT 
Found a cool thing to do on my birthday, but Justin has to work. 
found a copy of my elementary school's news letter thing. i miss it 
found a dog then the owner came and picked him up   can't wait till tomorrow!!!
found a dog then the owner came and picked him up  can't wait till tomorrow!!!
found a home for 1 kitty, going to drop him off tomorrow. sad 2 give him up  Looks nice tho--family in rural area w/3 kids &amp; another cat!
Found a house but its next door 2 an x cop 
found a kitty so i named it meiko and now i really, really want to keep it!!! but i can't 
Found a pool.. picking it up tomorrow I believe.. 400 dollars later  but yay !
found a really sharp piece of glass with her foot 
Found a Reese's Piece in the pocket of this sweater. I don't remember when I wore it last-upwards of 5 mos.-so I probs shouldn't eat it. 
found a stray dog on the road last night. &quot;Barney&quot; was the cutest little thing ever.  He had white dreadlocks! Wish I could keep him 
FOUND A WHOLE BUNCH OF PEOPLE WHEN I should have been studying for Accounting. 
found an abandoned baby bluejay outside today... no mom in site. humane society said to keep it in a warm box till tomorrow. then it died 
Found an ad for the most perfect teacup Yorkie, a giveaway. But it sounds like a scam in her email.  it's the dog I've always wanted...
Found an old message from my best friend during junior year.  It's not nice 
found an online version of one of my favorite movies from when i was like 6 or 7.. was watching it but like half the movie is missing 
found an SB-600 Speedlight in chicago on craigslist, wish i had the money 
Found another book I want to read, but I don't know if it was ever translated from Japanese to English  The search starts again...
Goin to the doctorrrrr 
goin to the yard sale  very pooped hahahah malikky likky i need an energy drink
Goin to work 
Goin to work now til 9 
Goin to work.. Got a lot of homework to finish tonight 
goin tut solihull- my legs are killing though 
goinÂ´to bed... have to get up @ 5.30 am 
going 2 be a long day 
Going 2 bed excited that i get my bed 2 myself. But i do miss my monster need 2 get used 2 her going 2 her dads...sigh 
Going 2 bed hoping 2 have the energy 2 run 2morrow, I missed all week 
going 2 bed now...way 2 much 2 do but I need some rest....oh, &amp; I still have the flu. 
going 2 bed.  its gonna be a looong day tomorrow with the sun shining and i'll be inside working like a (hot)dog! (who makes sandwiches) 
Going 2 bed. Have to get up early in the morning 
Going 2 go curl my hair, and my bdays next weds I think lol n imma b stranded car n shop  Horrible i think
Going 2 miss Romo so much while i am gone!  ~Barrios
going 2 Sumter,  2 hour drive  with no air conditioner..damn
going 2 take six days 2 uncompress all my DBZ &amp; DBGT videos!!!! 
Going 2 the Dentist in 2 hours  i hate the dentist 
going 2 watch Dogtown, hope it's not too sad! 
going 2 work 2morrow 4 8 hrs strate 
going 2the Tomato Fest @Prompt Succor in Chal. miss Bag of Donuts! they wont be there 
going absolutely crazy! 
going all around turning in some job apps, wish me luckk 
going away party 
going away party at ambers  road trip tomorrow!
Going back home after a day with good friends, not looking forward to it 
Going back home from Georgia! im going to miss Meaghen and her house. 
going back home today 
going back home tomo... hope grandpa is all right....  
Going back home tomorrow   Gonna miss NY. Goodnight loves.
Going back home tomorrow... 
Going back to Austin...in an hour. So, I should be there by 7 or 8. Yay for going back boo for so much driving 
Going back to bed grrrr 
Going back to Cali next week.  this time, i wont be comiing back to nevada. 
going back to cardiff tomorrow. does anyone actually go to hammertime anymore?! ha ha. i miss my mummmyyyyy  500 words to go.
Going back to Eclipse IDE, Netbeans is a bitch, she doesn't love me 
Going back to my least favorite place in the world 
going back to norfolk!! 
Going back to Richmond today...  can't I just stay here? #ilm
Going back to school 
Going back to school at six, I think I can tweet from school but if I can't then I will have 3 use TXT so only occasional short tweets 
Going back to sleep ... Good night 
Going back to sleep... On the mysterious (probably pee pee) spot.   
Going back to the doctor so he can check up on me, since i had a fever last week. 
Going back to the house. Bought absolutely nothing but wanted a lot. 
found cd-cover  ...... but no cd inside     #last year project
found dana's gi! but now i have to wash two complete ones  drying is gonna be a pain in the ass.  thats what i get for being forgetful
found dead rabbit in my backyard.  sad -  wuz hoppin around a coupla nights ago.   (was cuter then.) fraid he might've  scared to death 
Found it.. bloody iPlayer tho  hate that thing with a passion.
Found I've picked up a fake Â£1 coin! Obviously dodgy too. 
Found kitty &quot;Gizmo&quot; is sleeping, full belly.  Starting to rehydrate. A real looker, but her nose &amp; mouth are hurt   2 tired 2B frisky :/
found long lost paddling pool !!! gonna pump up noww  why it just do itslelf oh well ... huh poo huh ppo. huh pooo LOL ( breathing )
found me bestfriend on twttier  . graduation partyy but not trying to stay because I have my prject to still do  urghh
found missing Waters family on footnote.com 1930 census - transcribed as Walters.  There's no way to correct errors  #genealogy
Found my book. Starting a real paper-bound journal tonight. Have an annoying zit above my lip. Makes me look like I have herpes 
Found my car. Thanks, everybody. Still waiting on news about mom. Looks like she has pneumonia. 
Found my ipod adapter for my Solio charger but it doesn't work with my iPhone. 
found my new beautiful kitten in the backyard dead 
found my new phone. now i have to wait another six months 
found my old blogs... so cute and funny. Sorry guys, I just deleted my Xanga! 
Found my phone. Turned everything electrical off because someone said so. Contact me in some way please 
Going back to the westside of town 
going back to uni tomorrow. Long train ride back. 
Going back to work and watch training on TV.   I will take a nap on the government dime!!! Phone broke, so no texting 
Going back to work.  
Going back to work..... 
Going bed! Long day tomorrow......  on the other hand I get to see my favorite people!!!
Going bowling with ryan kates lol i miss him so much 
Going by the forecast, summer will be over by tea time  Ah well, it was fun while it lasted.
Going camping for the weekend... No twitted or facebook 
Going camping tonight 
Going Camping, and has to miss out on Koren BBQ 
Going car free is such a great idea... until you need kitty litter or bottled water    ugh my poor back
going crazy trying to understand accounts!!!? System cannot take it!!! *malfunctioning! 
going crazy without a job 
Going deaf in my right ear. Too many feedback squalls at soundchecks.  In with the earplugs
going down the post office to try and sort this whole ebay hacker thing 
Going down to get my bag ready then im leaving 
Going eat with the fam... Homework later 
Going for a bike ride to the cemetery by myself i guess... 
going for a japanese green tea. (And my web hosting is down  )
Going for a nap then watching Jays game.  They're gonna get killed tonight by Greinke   Might play a Step 6 after.
Going for a quick run. I desperately need to update my ipod, but since my laptop crashed I've lost all of my saved songs. 
Going for a run... then going to buy every kind of allergy medicine there is! 
Found my supper for this week and a protein bar recipe. Off to the grocery store. This is NOT going to be cheap this week. 
Found nearly $200 of receipts I meant to get reimbursed for â€” dated August 2006.  
found no GREAT Mike  let my know if you see one !
found old emails from Sometimes.  *sigh*  I remember why I loved him then. I miss THAT guy... sadly he is lost inside himself now. 
found one of the baby blackbirds dead on our patio last night - there's only one left now 
found out about the passing of an old friend..   
found out i have a throat infection 
found out i'll be layed off for the entire week  it's not good $wise but i'll have some time to paint. also more piano practice time!
Found out last night my grandfather has cancer...  I don't know what else to say.. I'm worried.
found out my aunt died at 4pm today in the phils... no more 'where's the lizard?' 
found out my partner in crime is going to Cathedral and not UC 
found out saturday that there is a leak in my a/c compressor (to be replaced). how much to fix @ midas? $957...car not worth that much. 
Found out that a real cool old friend died of a heart attack.. RiP Killa..  RiP 2 Turbo too, didnt kno him but I heard he was a good dude.
Found out that my ex boss passed away last night &amp; now radio 1 are playing Coldplay Fix you! I may cry!! 
Found out that my sister's chem partner overdosed last night. Poor girl. 
Found out that NaturalBornGamers is suspended. I'm sad now 
found out that no one he knows is using Twitter. 
found out that one of my good friends could be facing jail time  What a shock !!
Found out the hot temp is a smoker.  The spell is broken. 
found out the local circus that was in town shut down after a day due to protesters...the older i get the less i like zoos and circuses. 
found out the people that were basically my second set of parents growing up aren't together anymore 
found out the reason I can't stand up is a ruptured Achilles-operation tonight, 1st ever general anaesthetic-no hockey for 9-12 months 
Doing accounts, P11D and Tax Returns 
doing administration work and it is sooooooooooo boring 
Doing adult things..watching the news, deciding if I should save the $4 or buy coffee.. does this mean I'm officially a grown up? 
Doing an english portfolio! Not getting any sleep tonight 
Doing an experiment to test...Do all plastic shopping bags carry the same amount of weight without breaking..why do they make me do this 
doing art work 
doing assignment(s) soon 
Doing assignments 
doing assignments in the midnight 
Doing boring homework  I have Science and Math. Atleast theres only 2 questions in Math&amp;Oh great I forgot what page I'm doing in Science
Doing Boringgg English Coursework 
doing chinese homework  going to movies on Friday!!
Doing college assignments. Still no QuickPwn. 
Doing college stuff cause I'm a big girl...I don't get it  need to be done by Wednesday ah.
doing college work 
Doing computer stuff before going to breakfast.  Hotel tv's just don't get the HD tv thing 
Doing CourseWork  X
Doing courseworkkkkkk  
doing dishes 
Doing dishes and hating the fact that it's 96 degrees outside  too hot!
Doing dishes...i miss my kitchen team 
doing documentation 
doing English hw! 
doing essay  weirdly my cat has just fallen asleep standing up ! how strange ! ha
Doing everything from my iPhone; emailing etc is not tht bad, just takes a little longer to send th email, still miss internet though 
doing finals  so i'm like studding like crap..
Doing fitness , gotta go to home and study for my exam hard 
doing gentle physio today - as couldn't get out of bed meself easily this morning  doh on the plus side I get to denijohn the wine 2nite!
Going for coffee and getting my hair done. Nice, easy day...until I commute into the city 
Going for gourmet seafood experience tomorrow night. Now feeling slightly chicken about menu. They don't do prawn cocktail or fishnchips 
Going for lunch. Won't be nando's thou. 
Going for my second wind!!! Less than 4 hours to go before my exam!  GAH!
Going for some lunch, my throat is killing me 
Going for the night  Byeee tweeters! x
Going for two in a row again. Getting busy with Isagenix, signing up new clients daily, pretty exciting. Now if we could win a few games 
going fucking insane can't sleep in so much pain. 
Going go bed early was NOT a good movs, my body straight thought it was a nap..5am and I'm up!  
Going grocery shopping soon, then going to come home and go on a run, then grass to cut, lots and lots of grass 
going hiking with the kids today. Curious to know if Ruben will enjoy today as he doesn't like outside activities. No tweets for today 
Going hiking. I'm bringing my backpack. I don't know how to keep the frying pan from dragging on the ground 
Going home  but when i get home , BLACK BERRY ! WOO HOO  . . . and get to see presten ! &lt;3
Going home  Hopefully I make it in time for work!
Going home  http://twitpic.com/6b1fp
Going home = yay .... due to RSI = boo 
Going home at 12am's too early for me.  the fun's  just starting!
Going home before the concert is over  Boo
Going home doing wats right no bx n no bday sex 
Going home early couldn't take the pain. Grr stupid stomach flu 
Going home empty handed 
going home finally! I miss my puppy 
going home for the fourth but missing the Watermelon Thump and my mom   Well atleast shes coming to visit me in Aug.
going home from Grandma's house carsick 
Going home from Mohegan - didn't win it big this time 
Going home from surverying class.. Super tired  all the math ahhh!! But feel great bc I learned a lot. http://twitpic.com/3j349
Going home in 2 weeks and goign to see Manitouwadge in the summer for the first time in 2 years!  Going to miss Luna though 
Going home in 2.5 hours, but I'm back here in 14.5 hours 
going home in the rain and thunder 
Going home later than I wanted, but not as late as last night. On my way to the Y. W/ new car note, may have to take my workouts home. 
going home now 
Going home now - Lewis' BDay BBQ cancelled - Good could not be bothered  - too much bs going on down there! Washing &amp; Ironing awaits me  x
Going home now ^^ gotta my fucking internet tho 
Going home now. I'm hungry. 
going home now. would have wanted to go to the gym tomorrow, pero no time. 
going home now.. cant find info i need.  have to find another way to win...
going home on the car, with a 50000 kg box on my head 
Going home sick 
Going home to face the real HBIC 
Going home to play prototype and escape from the humality of my speech 
Going home to rental car and (wife) crashed Cooper! I am unhappy.    But still in love!  Yes, with my wife versus the car. :-D.
going home to san francisco tomorrow... wow this month in london flew by so quickly! bye bye UKonnie 
going home to sydney on friday . . . i miss my puppy 
Going home today!!! Too back Carolyn can't come 
Going home, im tired, and i still have to go to the gym to work out. 
going home, photo day was a fail 
going home.  missing the tony's 
going home. don't feel good. I'm very dizzy and I'm losing my vision 
Going home. Got no gas. 
going home. laundry. shower. nap? sister goes home  then chillin with my baby. getting his bday present today.
Going home. Listening to title fight. Going to bed. Then work at 7 
Going home. NOTHING TO EAT @ HOME so I can't get nutrients...  LOLOL.
going home.. I got a meeting in my home building tonight 
Going home... with sore #eyes 
Going hoomee!!  Have to finish my exam tho  Boo!!
Going hoommee.... Hnmmm I really want to stay here tho 
going in circles!! since disabling FB I feel like I am missing people 
Going in for a cat scan in a bit...i think they think it is my appendix! 
going insaine with all this workkkkkk 
Going into glasgow today but i'd rather be in Oz 
Going into round 2 of open mic performances  tired...work tomorrow 8:30am!!!
going into the boss's bmw? 
Going into the funeral service 
Going into town to get my eyes tested. I think all the hours of crafting is taking it's toll 
going into work for a few hours ... it must be done, but means I fail to reduce TOIL this week 
Going into work now....until 3 
Going kind of stir-crazy in the apartment. Considering walking down to Denny's, but unfortunately that would not be a good idea. 
Going mad searching for an analysis of Wordsworth's Lucy Poems 
going make homework!         
Going mental trying to send picture messages to @CGJewell on my iphone but it keeps failing 
going mimis, dont know what just happened with me... 
Going Ni Ni.... but something is seriously missing. 
going night night. maybe a chapter or two of twilight. 
Going nighty night. Long day ahead of me tomorrow. Have to drive back to CA  Want to stay in WA! 
Going ny night! Early day tomorrow. Back to mass. 
Going off BC is making me break out. 
going offline not feeling to well  have a great sunday all
Going offline now, half 10, school tommorow, Bummmer 
going on a bikeride now i need some freshair im beguming lazy 
Going on a fieldtrip with the school today  whish I could just stay right here all day, but no such luck..
Going on a hike today up Butte Mt. in Palmer Ak. Rosie can't go. 
Going on a looonnngggg &quot;vacation&quot;   &lt;&lt;Nelly&gt;&gt;
going on a technological hiatus all week. No phone reception in oglesby tx 
Going on a walk with my grandpa ^^ lol. It's like 100 degrees outside! 
Going on day  4 of antibiotics and STILL feel like shit. Guess i made a bad choice by goin out last night. 
Going on holiday a month today! Not looking forward to the 10hour flight  especially after what has happened the air France plane!
Going on the BGT Tour with Fran =D...... Only problem is now some of my friends are being all odd and ignoring me  Its not nice ...
Going on the hampster wheel ride 4 times really bruises thy body  xx
Going on the sleeper train to Edinburgh this eve - v. excited. need to do some work first though 
going on this fun trip down memory lane! I almost want to crawl up in a ball and not do this. Getting rid of childhood toys is hard 
going on twitter hiatus until futher notice..let the suffering begin 
going on youtubee!!!!!!!!!! thats how i spend most of my day 
going out  I can't do this crap anymore :'(
Going out for a run now to make the most of what looks like the last of decent weather for a while. Weekend not looking good 
Going out for a smoke... tired, need to clean, need to finish assignments, need to find a job... need money, 
Going out for dinner with my mum and sister!  Absolutely FAMISHED. never ate tea last night 
Found out this morning that Dylan Moran is on stage in Stockholm tomorrow night - and I probably won't be able to go! Wah! 
found out this morning that HO LAO SHER (High School Chinese teacher) died a couple of months ago. 
Found out today I have to do a two day computer course for work........Oh come on ppl, WHY????? I don't wanna 
Found out what the burning smell was, 2nd Hard-drive has seen its last days. R.I.P Jeff 
Found out why Gnip.com wasn't giving me Twitter data -- they're now just collecting &quot;spritzer&quot; feed 
Found out yesterday I have Fuchs' Dystrophy in my eyes.  May need a cornea transplant if it gets worse  
Found out yesterday that N. is now in a shelter.  I hope that we can get her to contact our agency so that we can help her.  
found out yrs.ago that the sun wipes me out, That really Sucks!! I love the outdoors,but i have to wear so much crap! 
Found owner of the iPhone.    lol.
Found Pokemon Platinum! Yesh! Now I need to find my gameboy. 
found some AWESOME dresses. but they're too pricey 
found some bugs in the new iPhone 3Gs! actually, the OS 3.0  http://www.woot.com/Blog/ViewEntry.aspx?Id=8475
found some great books at Half Price Books. Now working on a paper 
found something to wear. i miss the sun. 
found the awesomest community @ livejournal - gossip girl clothes and stuff.   its all sooooo expensive though 
going out in a bit after finding out that my one of my cats got put down today. 
Going out in glasses. . . no contacts today! 
Going out last nite was a bad idea. Had to get up early to move house semi drunk, haven't stopped all day and now i'm doin a 12hr night. 
Going out now before my cousins come round,  I really dislike those two! 
going out now.. missing the pens parade 
Going out of town in a while. My phone is dying 
Going out on the boat was a bad idea for someone with pneumonia, I just want to get better 
Going out soon to Vivo, I think. I'm so tired &amp; I haven't completed any homework yet. I hatehatehate homeworks! 
Going out to breakfast with my dad, then SAT's  after that Caitlyn and Kalene might be coming over for a little bit. Either way, work  ...
Doing geography coursework 
doing helllla shit for tricia's graduation/going away 
doing history essay....  not going the way I planned :S eww exams start tomorrow. shit....
doing hmwk 
doing hoework... 
doing home work  so shit
doing homework   BLEH 
doing homework  again.........
Doing homework  cannot be bothered. Putting my PSP on ebay as i don't need and i need some money.
Doing homework  SAVE ME!
doing homework and being really boring 
Doing homework and then going to bed, have to leave at 6:50 tomorrow morning for work  and then i wont be off till 6
Doing homework at the last minute 
Doing homework for my college class 
doing homework for the rest of the night. 
doing homework from scool 
doing homework got a math final it sucks 
doing homework how boring 
doing homework on a Sunday morning 
doing homework rite now  bac 2 skool 2morrow noooo.......!
doing homework very far behind 
Doing homework! 
doing homework!! 
doing homework!!! 
Doing homework, so tired. Last night i had a party and i just slept  4 hours... Now i have to do an essay and then History... Whyy??? 
Doing homework, so tired. Last night i had a party and i slept just 4 hours... Now i have to do an essay and then History... Whyy??? 
Doing homework.  Oh well better get to it!
doing homework. Life sucks when ur 12 
Doing homework. Ugh. 
doing homework... unfortunately 
Doing homework....only 10 more days of school left! But so many tests next week! 
Doing homework...and then some more homework and then some more homework 
doing homework...at 10:13.. 
doing house chores then a funeral then maybe go to the pool...my saturday is going to be gone before i know it! 
Doing household chores 
Doing hum-drum household tasks while Richard is playing quartets in Wales 
Doing inventory 
Doing Italian homework.. 
Doing late night laundry. Again. 
Doing laundry  Bjork makes me smile though. â™« http://blip.fm/~7i7y8
going out to family gathering! Oh what joy! 
Going out to get some fresh air. I don't feel good 
Going out to the mexican place.  Might Not make it to steph's thing tonight 
going out tonight and I have nothing to wear.. 
Going out wit my blu and white fam!! U missing out BJ!  &lt;*Dramatic Blue*&gt;
going out with ashley to lee lee's house &lt;3. I have to miss my Hills  boo
going out with josh, of course i broke up with will but was it the right thing to do???? i feel so bad  so confused...
Going out with Mom &amp; E to get a birthday present for my dad &amp; a card for my friend. 
Found the bird,too late though  The male blackbird keeps singing in the garden.I know these things happen but its so horrible to see.
found the cause of all this itchiness 
found the nintendo 64 controllers before, mum wont let me play it though 
Found the PERFECT house! I just hope hope hope that we have the $$ for monthly payments..  I'm going to cry if we don't!
found the perfect prom dress but i cant have it ..soooo unfair 
Found the safety of objects at video store! how has it been that long that i did not have a kstew video from my video store? sore tummy 
Found the turtle and is following her! School again tomorrow 
FOUNDATION EXPLOSION! I dropprd it. The foundation is against me today 
four and a half stone on whilst pregnant lost 3 leaving one to go. getting there slowly 
Four classes for two weeks - two papers due, lots of reading and what am I doing??? Tweeting!  Silly girl get back to work 
four day weekend is almost over  hanging with my dad right now then back to bragg :/
Four days from now will mark the saddest and final day of high school... 
four days left  im not ready
four days left of freshman yearrrrr 
four days of being sluggish and blah means I have a heap of work to do today before eeek... the working week begins 
Four Dogs to Groom, 3 loads of laundry waiting, 2 orders to produce...and 1 visit to husband's family. Saturday's Schedule! 
Four exams this week  Sooooo freaking out lol.
Four games this fall: Modern Warfare 2, Halo 3 ODST, Brutal Legend, and Bioshock 2 I need more cash 
Four hours and fifteen minutes to go at work 
Four hours of sleep 
Four hours until work and I've slept two hours since 6AM yesterday. And my nephew pointed out that I rarely come to see him anymore.  
Four miles of hell on the 405... I hate you, valley traffic 
Four quizes and an exam - not my favorite way to spend a Saturday. 
Four venues....narrowed down to two. Which one to pick!?! Brain is hurting... 
Fourteen greatest Trek time travel adventures. Surprisingly, I've only seen four.   http://tinyurl.com/nyk67d
fourth time being pulled over this week, tenth time in less than a year... a little annoyed 
Fox has a lovely leaderboard, but it doesn't seem to be working tonight. 
foxtel man coming today to fix our foxtel obviously. just finished reading the harry potter series. here comes the depression 
FP announces closure of Graphics service   http://bit.ly/Xfjvd
Fracture clinic was a waste of time really. Having a scan on it next week. Got 2 start exercising it too 
fractured foot, leg in plaster ..... not much fun sitting around 
Frak. I am OMG sick.  Not cool, circumstance, not cool.  I'm running a fever, but shaking like I'm Robert Peary in the arctic.
Francesca doesn't know what to do... 
Francis just ditched me for his imaginary friends to go to APW  Fuck you!! lmao.
Frank is getting beat on by the callers.  
Going out with my friends later! PLEASE DON'T RAIN 
going out with Nessa and Gen today!! i need my hugs... 
going out with the girls for a little bit, can't go partying or anything crazy tho cause i have to work in the morning 
Going out yay!  I should be happy?)  Mmm...n0p 
Going out!!! Wish I was back in Toronto 
Going outside to dance in the RAIN!! I think I broke my toe tho 
going outside to print these assignments..  .. i'm not used to going out here.. haha.. really?? â˜º
going outt, computer screw upps   byee x.
Going over Database theory... 
Going over proposals...with a headache the size of China's population 
going places in toothache agony 
Going put flowers on my cousin grave. One mistake cost him his life. And cost me a life time of guilt.  dayum hurts bad!!!!!
Going running with the club. Wish I remembered to charge my iPod. 
Going school. 2day gouvernment exam 
Going shopping and hopefully hanging out with LeeAnn for the last day of vacation 
going shopping for paint....wish it would stop raining, sigh 
Going Shopping later. I Want My BRAND NEW Shirt. 
Going shopping today with my mom, But...first I have to finish a school lesson 
going shopping tomorrow with a friend I've known for the longest time!! Looking forward to it as haven't seen her in a while now 
going shopping tomorrow. its not with anyonee special but atleast its someone 
Going shopping! Rain rain go away come again another day. 
Going shopping...I need something to wear 4 2nite...UGH I hate shopping! 
Going shower for work. Long day ahead, ryan is sick 
going skating later + need to revise for chemistry 
going sleep now...getting up early tomorrow...  
going soon daddys on his way 
Going swimming later!  But work comes before play. 
going swimming with the family in a few minutes...because of the bad weather here we have to go to swim indoor 
Frank Low, pioneer of infrared astronomy dies at aged 75    http://bit.ly/WPWd2
Frankenstein was a poor miserable character...I feel sorry for him 
frankie had nonnas and now i really want some 
frankie(my dog) just passed away this morning! i &lt;3 u baby koy 
frans leren! yeaah   
Fraser: Why isn't the weather in Britain the same as in Portugal 
Freaaking Tireed. And hungry. 
Freak dangit. Mom went to bed so she can't cover me to finish the oneshot. It'll have to wait until tomorrow. 
Freak out 
freak.. my feet still hurrt! 
Freak...cramps suck ass!  I feel like a giant turd...    
freaked out ! 
freaked out because of finals tomorrow  hope i pass them. God help me
Freaken science test has changed my bloody mood, i hate it.  i want to die.
Freaken waiting forever for my ice tea!  At six flags 
Freakin cold is getting worse by the minute  CRAP
freakin confused and stressed. 
Freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms 
freakin' headache. 
freakin out 
freakin out a bit about school. need to finish 4 weeks worth of work in the next 3 days. i suck. 
Freakin punk..Sorry Jeff 
freakin rain again    ..and where is that Ben and Dave new 6 pack ? I am so thirsty
freakin rain ruined our beach trip.  Shoulda known.   Hopefully weather will improve for next planned outing!
freakin sick   i still want my nike jacket
Freakin sunburn is killing me. 
Freakin tired yo!  nap. ZzZzZzZz
Freaking A my head hurts 
freaking bred &amp; missing someone  &lt;3
freaking coughs and colds.. no classes for me tomorrow. dang! schoolworks are demaaaaaaanding. 
freaking hell i need milk n i cant go get nun cause my boo is sleeping n i need him 2 watch our child 
Freaking out b/c my son fell and hit his head and has a huge bump already! 
freaking out because Framing Hanley is playing downtown tonight and i had no idea!!! 
Freaking out boiut tommorrow!! Tests, tests and more tests.. 
doing laundry . . .  ugh 
Doing laundry and helping @calebftsk pack his bags. Being a baby about it cause I am NOT happy to see him go. 
Doing laundry cuz I was lazy yesterday and put it off till today (if I didn't need clean scrubs for tomorrow I'd put it off another day) 
doing laundry. can't believe the weekend is over already 
Doing laundry. YAY how exciting 
doing laundry..almost broke my neck going down those stairs.I wish i was in L.A for the parade 
doing learndirect 
Doing Litt1  Homework this time.
Doing lot's of homework 
doing make up shit 
Doing make-up homework.  Missing school all the time for acting is getting a little annoying. Homeschooling would be so much easier!!
doing math homework. I really suck at math. ugh. 
doing mathexam-preparation on the National Day 
doing maths  i would enjoy it if the jonas brothers came out of my poster and encouraged me with my trigonmetry
doing me but I miss my homie who's locked up. wish he could hear my playlist 
doing MORE coursework and hates GCSES 
Doing more editing than I really should be. 
doing my accounts 
doing my addmath! 
doing my art homemwork and just chilling after ANOTHER tution session 
doing my assignment 
doing my assignments........ busy again n again..... 
Doing my Astrology homework and boy is it BORING.    Gotta get it done so I can go to my friend's birthday party tonight.  Can't wait!!!
Doing my best to get @backstreetboys to the Trending Topics again, but it's not working...  #BSB
doing my BORING homeworks!  only 11 days to go!
doing my Economics homework. im tired of school! 
doing my English assignment with a constant ringing in my ears... and I'm all out of tea 
going swimming.i dnt wnt 2 
going the mall tomorrow to meet my new friend from manchester! but shes not a mcfly fan..shes a jb fan 
Going there.... 
Going though history exam. Missed some really obvious bits 
Going through a 80's rock phase tonight.. I definitely should have been born a decade or more earlier than I was. 
Going through a serious case of the girl's blues- I would bring on the ice cream but I need to get in shape  pooey.
Going through a tough time right now. Gonna be up very late doing a whole bunch of work 
going through job application forms. 15 done, 50 to go... 
going through kleenex like nobody's business. also, i totally blew my diet today. but i feel it's justified. 
Going through my boxxxx of memories. 
going through my mails sorting them out - I have been avoiding to reply to few for too long... 
going through security already miss my baby. 
Going through tissues like whoa. I hate being sick! Was in bed a long time... maybe had a wink of sleep and got up. My nose is so stuffy. 
Going thru a bit of a swine flu scare as Andie's fever has been going up and down. Swab test says she fits the criteria. 
Going thru alot kinda down right now in need of a friend  gonna try n get sum zzzzzzzzz
going thru bills 
Going thru PR resumes...only 500 more to read.  
Going to &quot;bed&quot; at 4:15 in the morning...Effing insomnia and pain... 
going to &quot;dougans&quot; pub tonight (homer, ak) for the last time.  love that little bar
Doing my english assignment/homework. 
Doing my English Coursework.. I am soo bored.. i hate school but can't go on in life without it 
doing my essay on global warming...and...have run out of ideas. 
Doing my essays on summer. Sux 
Doing my finals, homework.. and missing my boyprend 
doing my f'n assignments 
doing my geography assignment which is kinda due in tomorrow 
doing my goddamn essay 
Doing my hair, going back to school today!!! 
doing my hmwrk ---- so boring 
Doing my homework   en in the afternoon I go play some sports
doing my homework  i should have not left it until the last day lol
doing my homework , i'm a little tired 
doing my homework nw with sharmin the apple ps me again haiz sad man  have to do homework ...
Doing my homework. ï¿½ï¿½ Booooooooooooring. 
doing my homework..i'm very sleepy!! I have a lot to do and bring tomorrow 
Doing my make up for today!  Lot of EXAMS  ahh wish my luck! I love my new room 
Doing my math homework 
Doing my Maths Cheta Sheet for my SAC tomorrow  unfortunately 
doing my photography work 
doing my project on dog fights...cannot stop crying  I can't believe people r so cruel
doing my research about apartment buildings!! 
doing my story. im such a procrastinator 
doing my tax return  I hate grown up stuff
Doing my taxes. Not in the best mood because of this 
Doing my thesis!  Iï¿½m so TIRED!
doing my TT and then going to bed  
Doing my welsh assignment (n)  in by 2moro  she gave us 3 weeks to do it and i'm only just starting ahh
doing nothing 
doing nothing .. tiredd 
doing nothing actualy want to go out but everyone is boring and wont go out with me 
doing nothing agian today  im sick  and its a long weekend thats fucked up haha
doing nothing don t u just hate it when guys leave u heartbroken 
doing nothing just home...saw the trailer for 2012 everyone been talking bout ..dont want it to be the truth ! 
doing nothing on a beautiful saturday night 
doing nothing productive today, then work 10 30am-5pm tomorrow. gross shift that i don't want to work. 
doing nothing..just lovesick 
Doing one of those follow but don't get too close missions on GTA, and the fool i was following drove off of the docks and died 
doing online math test  first, i didnt even know how to get there
Doing paperwork for May... last month of tutoring 
doing pe homework!!   i hate pe its so so so so BAD lol
Doing research on GameGuard since Aion will be using it. Not seeing very good things about it  Here's hoping it won't be bot infested!
Doing Social Culture coursework 
Doing some archery, just chillin during 30 30 time, arms are sore from holding the camera, @xstefakneex is still asleep 
doing some course-planning. it's all very confusing.. 
doing some coursework before work 
doing some crazy ideas for album! im soooo tired 
Doing some daily quests in WOW before the Bulls playoff game.  I have a feeling this is going to be a long afternoon.  
Doing some drafting of the candy colored merino silk from @RogueKnits FINALLY. It's so gorgeous, I'm terrified I'll kill it with fire. 
doing some homework  + I have a cold! Borinnnnng!
doing some homework... 
doing some html css stuff....taking a little while longer than planned...  i want to get back on the silverlight stuff ASAP!!!
going to 4 got to get up at 9am 
Going to 7-Eleven and then I don't know where. My GF told me to stop twittering 
Going to a baptisim. Not to fun 
going to a baseball game! hayss....whatever! school's almost over! so sad! it's our last lunch in middle school tomorrow! 
going to a bbq tonight. too bad the weather isn't better. 
Going to a carwash all morning. Gonna be so sore after 
Going to a christening today! Weather looks awful tho.  think our summer has been and gone!
going to a concert tonight ...but with bad hair  oh well it'll be dark lost a pound
Going to a friend's wedding tonight. Perturbed by the potential for the ceremony transcending the promulgated time. May miss the classico 
Going to a graduation makes  me sad  idk why lol,  and it feels like  just a couple of months ago...
going to a graduation party  &lt;3Team Edward&lt;3
Going to a graduation party in farmington ct.   
going to a meeting then showering then working until 5  I wish I could get a tan today
Going to a meeting w/ dean mardis! So excited! Not really dressed for the equation since didn't have my car or time to pack yesterday. 
Doing some laundry before work.... It's a beautiful day and I can't enjoy it 
doing some more editing. some things gel together easily. some things just continually give me the shits 
Doing some more work and then I'm going to bed. Lamest Saturday night ever 
doing some programming on a side project with foot up (torn ligament)  Enjoying some Doves tunes tho 
Doing some research for History on an Aboriginal female called 'Truganini'. She lived a VERY interesting life! Very sad though 
Doing some work on a Sunday. 
doing something i haven't done in forever: listening to phantom planet. miss them 
Doing something interesting... Filing tax returns..     Tomorrow, going to a pistol match shoot.
doing stuffs-homework etc. then fencing, pop &amp; bro r going 2 watch wolverine w/o me  Regenesis is 1 of my new fav shows btws check it out
Doing stupid Algebra 2 work for high school next year   Not fun, trust me!
Doing stupid english Frywise homework. Wanna go on Sims 
doing summaries for my English/History. I'm still 10 summaries behind.. 
Doing the assignment for Steve Marshall's class... CV cover letters not fun writing 
doing the awful online portuguese test! 
Doing the blood clot go away dance. exhausted. no changes in clot yet. adam to be in hospital for who knows how long 
doing the dishes 
Doing the dishes!  Not cool.  
Doing the dishwasher 
Doing the grocery list, still feeling so exhausted. 
Doing the grocery with a massive headache....not fun 
doing the hair, make-up &amp; whatnot&lt;3. frigg i wish i was lucky enough to have someone else do it for me .. 
Going to a wake now 
Going to a wedding in the burbs... Stuck in traffic. Boo 
going to ames...stupid rain so I can't go boating 
Going to an all day meeting today.     would rather be sewing or weeding my flower beds.
going to apply for a third job 
Going to Argos to buy ANOTHER fan for my room, but frankly, its just far too hot in there 
going to art then going home woooo! josh isnt here  loner here i come
going to attempt a bath in the apt. tub  I would say wish me luck...but that might give people the &quot;NO&quot; feeling.....
going to attempt a walk to see if that eases things 
Going to attempt to attend the comedy festival tonight. Couldn't get tickets to Steven K Amos 
doing the most boring history essay  but i'm listening to damned if i do ya(damned if i don't) to keep me happy i love it &lt;3 x
Doing the opposite of a rain dance - apparently, if it doesn't stop raining at Lord's in the next 30 mins or so, England are out 
Doing the Poster Presentation about Weblogscreening - I hate PPT with A0-Slides...  Always focusing the wrong stuff!
Doing the same thing I do every day...what a waste. 
Doing the school run, not a day for sitting and waiting in the car 
doing the stanky leg all by myself 
Doing the unholy mathematics... 
doing the whole church thing without the hubs today...Im so ready for him to be done with wlc! I miss seeing my hubby 
doing things with the family today to get stuff ready for the services.... 
Doing too much homework 
doing update stuff, but unfortunately have no time ...  I should learn .. but now, I can't ... I'm tired, I should sleep &amp; wake up early.
doing various forms of work for most of the day -- is it 7 already? There goes my saturday 
doing work for university 
Doing yard work again 
doingg more homeworkk 
doinng science revision  woopee 
dolled up, prim and proper just to be sent home for looking so pale and sickly. this isnt fair, i can still move despite a 38.1 whattt!!! 
Dollhouse is finished 
Dollhouse is still standing, but it looks like the Reaper visited Reaper.  
dollhouse panel at comic-con. and i dont get to go 
Dolores Park with Rocky - I liked Dolores Park Cafe but snooty waitress wasnt so into Rocky 
Freaking out cuz @_MediaTakeout website is not working  I need my dail y gossip
freaking out!!!! pray for my grandma  let her be okay I love my vavo &lt;3: freaking out!!!! pray for my grand.. http://bit.ly/gHMhB
Freaking out..... Nd my dogs in surgery 
freaking pissed off at my sister and dad right now, for ruining my blogTV... im sad... biggest FAIL 
freaking sat tomorrow  fml
Freaking starving and BLOWN that my replacement phone doesn't work. Eff you VERIZON! Have to wait til cust serv opens in the am. 
Freaking tireddd!! 
freaking wait! been standing for two and a half hours already.. soo packed 
freakishly excited for Up, but it won't be shown in the Philippines until August 12. 
freakn pissed 
Frederick just turned off the blazer game to watch Harry Potter, I think he is mad at the blazers.  But I don't mind the change! I &lt;3 Ron
Free Blu-Ray player with Samsung HDTV purchases at onecall.com. Hey OneCall...why not a Samsung BluRay Player?   http://tinyurl.com/npdu8h
Free Chips &amp; Queso at Chili's = boo boo belly 
Free dub techno.... (last tweet that is) not this one. This one is linkless. 
going to bank to restructure my loans..... 
going to bball soon! lol have to go to mums house l8r!  damn haha xoxo
going to bchs right now! I miss my baby like crazy 
Going to be a good Grey's Anatomy thurs night. Pity, can't watch it 
Going to be a late night working on logos that I'm not fond of. 
Going to be a lonely weekend without my baby 
Going to be a longggg night. 
Going to be a sad night and day tomorrow  Love really sucks when it's used for pain :'(
Going to be at work from 4:30 to 9:30  come see me!
Going to be bored out of my mind AGAIN! 
going to be dreaming AI waypoint based pathfinding algorithms all night... 
going to be home alone 
Going to be late because I have to take the bus  but chris is here so it's fine
Going to be living in downstairs S&amp;E for the next 10 days 
Going to be offline most of the day tomorrow.  tough. Good night.
Going to be so sad tommorow...just booked all the families flights back home.... I guess I will go back to being a workaholic once again. 
going to be treaveling so much!!  not lovinging it Tweeps x
going to be up all night 
going to be... had a HUGE water fight but now its raining leaving in the morning... wont we able to twitter all weekend  bye BUMMER
Going to bed  &quot;I love when you tell me Im pretty when I just woke. And I love when you tease me and Im moody and its always enough.&quot; :'-(
Free from uni (at least for now). I'm quite sad my hubby is leaving, though... 
Free from Work..... Now i gotta clean 
free girl talk and lupe concert at my school..too bad they wouldnt let me and my friends in cause it was full  lamee...
Free ice cream and I said no 
Free lesson and bored at school 
Free Lightweight Shirts Dad will love em! M L XL XXL Not Many left dudes!  http://twitpic.com/photos/shirtsgonewild I have like 17 left 
Free money is over I actually have to work 
FREE PARKING BITCHES!! &quot;timon to mickey... fuck that!&quot; pinocchio 5C  im below average!
FREE Psychic Readings at Coyote Ugly Tonight...My Merch. Rm. is BUSY! Too bad they're Not Buying Merch. 
Free screenings of the new joseph gordon levitt and zooey deschanel movie, 500 days of summer, but the closest is in memphis 
Free shit 
DolphinDarko (Delfino Chavira): That's what she said....  http://twurl.nl/tobjp6
Domminos Pastas or Pizza Hut pastas....Ima say Pizza Huts!!BUT i can only eat the chicken alfredo! yum but not for long 
Don was working  I got a new power cord for the laptop and am killing sometime before I go mentor little children in the rain at a bbq.
Don;t wanna play this game anymore! 
don\'t want to go to work tomorrow 
DonÂ´t Famous!  well...I'm debby don't Ryan, I love selena Gomez, Miley Cyrus and Demi Lovato. Kisses!
DonÂ´t wanna think about my Bf...  But I am soooooo angry.....
Donald Trump presenting Raw (wrestling)?!? Lmaoooo I'm in the mood for quiznos' torpedo 
Done a bit of gardenin 2day an saved a worm from goin in2 the shredder, only it ended up bein mutilated by the lawn mower 
Done a full day at work today, 9 hours on my feet hurts my back so much  looking forward to babysitting tonight and MML tomorrow!
done after a long day of filming in PingYao! absolutely exhausted and feeling really sick 
done ALL the maths churchill past papers.. and i still suck and don't know half the stuff i need to know 
done and DONE!!! Now to get ready for my last 4 days as a first grade teacher at Adams..... 
Done at the gym. Was good. But then i say myself in the mirror and was really glad that we were leaving. 
Done cleaning the stairs. I'm officially done cleaning the stupid carpets. Oh it feels good to be done w/ that. More work to do though 
Done decorating for 2day now the garden 
free! Home to sleep.. If only! More packing  x
Freedom ends tonight at 9pm  lol
Freedom is a week ahead 
Freeeeeezing cold...that paddle pop made me cold 
freeezing i dislike winter miss summer  happy days everyone
free-per-view cut out... no Burn Notice for me tonight 
freeportlady- where we live there are no midwives  So we have a Dr. He is very nice and kinda lets us do our thing !!
Freeway home is closed  idk the streets n S. LA LOL great
freewebs.com/lookitsasha &lt;-- I AM SO BORED. twitter is boring to you can't post ernough just check my sites blog 
Freezing my ars off in the shade! #german :Ich frier mir den Arsch ab im Schatten! #french :j'me gele le cul a l'ombre...'tain! 
Freezing my butt off  at least i have orange juice  one more class to go!
freezing my butt off at this golf tourney 
freezing n nyc. yes the stupid texan only brought a sweater 
Freezing to death here by the sea waiting for my leg, prob another hour  http://twitpic.com/4jdnc
Freezing tonight - I'm flying to Dunedin in the morning and it's going to be even colder there 
Freezing. Can't get out of bed. 
Freind got in trouble for having twitter 
Freinds, sorry about the twitter train thing. I didn't realize it wld send all those tweets with my account. 
done done done with my lesson...free to enjoy life...wiii oohhh i have to tidy up my room....crap... 
done eating ... time to logout now ... bye bye 
done eating no dessert 
done eating, will sleep na ulet. haha, duty again tomorrow 
Done editing 300th video! But now I have to play around with exporting to find the best quality...and it takes hour to export each take 
Done editing, will finish the song + upload tmrw. Also, i'm scared to go down and get a snack cause thunder might attack me 
Done filming the Spanish video. Off to Downtown to see Star Trek. My best friend can't come. 
Done for the day...now to drive home from torrance to valencia 
DONE FOR THE SUMMER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!! ahaha.. misses him  love you
Done for today..yaaayyyyy.. But stil have stupid paper to write.. 
Done French past paper. Used the mark scheme a lot because there were lots of words I didn't know  Starting on more revision after lunch.
done her final maths gcse today, was really easy? was it easy coz im smart or easy coz im thick?? a tad worried now  xxx
done Literature exammeans i'm almost free 
Done lots of housework. What's depressing is the house is till a tip 
Done mowing the back 40!  Wish I was heading back to Waverly this weekend instead of going to Turkey Run!! 
Done mowing.  Hallelujah.  I'm sad though, I think I ruined my 3-day shoes. 
Done my usual 10k hilly run in 51'52&quot; (a couple of min slower than PB). Track would not load on MotionBased 
done nooo work  not good...maybe tomorrow 
done nothing all day but watch movies. cuzzie wuzzie grad party was cancelled she insanly sick 
Freisan Fire and General Quarters are my picks for the Derby. Did anyone ask me who I like? No. Did I get to bet today? NO. Haters 
French Exam  xxx
french exam on Thursday :s 
french exam tmrw. noooo! 
French exam was a load of bollocks, damnit 
french open is the only way to pass time  
French plane lost in ocean storm   http://bit.ly/HOhBr So sad 
french revision is eating me alive people  it's not good...i wanna play football like a lad should on a sunny day :@
Frenchy is DEAD!!! (in a bad way...................) Damn 
Fresh ant bites on my foot 
Fresh blueberry pancakes $6, crispy maple bacon $5, fresh iced suntea $3; discovering ur kids don't like blueberry pancakes... Priceless 
fresh delay for the Boeing Dreamliner http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8115147.stm  
Fresh grilled taco meat deliciousness....I'm going to miss our grill   http://twitpic.com/6vmtr
FRESH OUT 
Done our last 2 shows yesterday and last nite was amazin..thw crowd were awesome.....Gotta wait another year now    xx well done every1 x
Done some gardening and enjoyed the sun! Still no tan though! 
Done some revision  now just listening to Scissor Sisters 'Take your mama out all night...' I think I might change to Kings of Leon haha
Done swimming. Kept drowning. Just layin by the water now. Gotta work at 9 
Done swimming. Not sun burnt though. 
Done the Boston promotion early.. Thankfully! I hate waking up so early to work 
Done the minutest bit of maths revision I could. Then made scones and watched scrubs. And Gilmour Girls. It was a sad one 
done w disney going home tomorrow, vacation almost over  boo hoo
done w. mocca, wanted to see Up at union square but it's sold out until 10:30!  just gonna go home and nap then.
done washing our clothes.. i'm so tired.. 
Done watching 30 days of night, now I'm extremely bored 
done watching 4 movies &gt;&gt;aquamarine(tsk pretty jojo)     &gt;&gt;bring it on 4 woohhoo!!!!!    &gt;&gt;only u emotional bong navarro 
Done wit da yard...looks nice if I may say so maself...not lookin 4ward 2 dis lonely nite ahead of me  [stay tuned...]
done with 4 novels in 3 days.... dont have more books.... 
Done with all my calls before my second shift.  I only convinced 3 peeps to donate.  bah!
Fresh out the hospital werd finally they sayin it could be a nostral drippin &amp; that could be cloggin up ma throat... 
freshbooks: no. lessaccounting: no. harvest: no. getballpark: no. blinksale: no.  does nobody fill the gap?
Freshly baked oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are good, but don't replace my SO 
freshly immunized. arm hurts a bit and i didnt get my wowwypop 
fretting...  what I do best! 
Fri night soccer = Sun walking like Granpa. Oh, to be 19 ... or WTH even 29! Feeling like 79. 
frick. just got home to discover someones broke the comp so it looks like im strictly mobile til it gets fixed 
Frickeerrsss...  No smiley face can express how I feel haha.
frickin summer 
Friday &amp; I Can't Go Out Because I've no Money! 
Friday again! You know what that means! #LOFNOTC Still don't have a shirt though 
Friday again.. Shiiii.. No weekend excitement at all... as I have got no weekends at all.. Poor me... 
Friday English-Test  Happy! I've written C in Latin 
friday evening..at work..trying to code! wow..so exciting! 
Friday finallyyyyy!!!! Class all day then moving alllllll the rest of my stuff. Long day 
Friday Friday Friday... never mind I have to work on Saturday 
friday hung out with kelsie and we went and saw The Da Vinci Code SUCKED!!!!!
friday in my frakin house 
Friday is here at last. I can't believe it took seven freakin' days to arrive 
FRIDAY is right baby!  Here we go again...four hours of class and then to the beach with the family.  Kadan slept like crap last night. 
Done with breakfast. We're out of Milk 
Done with choreography camp. Our routine is amazing! I pulled my hip flexer 
Done with conference call, now to the gym, I have been slacking tweets 
done with dinner. trying to go on a diet. again. I miss seeing my pelvic bone.  
done with dinner... love catching up with T.  Just sent a text to an old friend and it is no longer their number... Sadness.  
Done with FINALS!...and can't sleep 
done with food shopping now off to ikea 
Done with graduation.  Im going to miss @laughgrl she's my bestie.
Done with lab class for the week... wish I could just relax for the rest of the day. 
Done with math regents!!!!! Yay! Too bad I still have 4 other ones tomarrow is english &amp; earth science  ewwwwww
Done with my book report aswell now. Now I can finally enjoy my weekend.. 
Done with my drew and jayk handmade gifts now watching old menudo vids 
DONE WITH MY HOMEWORK ONLY ONE LEFT.woohoo.hate school 
friday last night was fun.. i miss last night. i miss him  one in a million, never thought it'd happen.
friday morning, headache and loads of work 
Friday morning..Bored.. &quot;Hello'd&quot; my entire Gtalk buddy list: 25+ online... no one replied!! except the language translator bot  
Friday night ... what to do? Home and bed yet again by the looks of it 
friday night and no 1 to go party wit im a loner in my own country 
friday night and nothing to do 
Friday Night and working 
Friday night I wondered where my week went, my weekend wasn't much different 
Friday night suckd ass...ms. Badal fronted on me and so did dis da bruskie.. 
friday night vegging  love it. Wish it didnt lead to saturday morning working though 
friday night, finnaly home for some fun, and dan goes to bed. 
Friday night... And I'm not doing anything!!  But I might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in Pasadena .... Just maybe. 
friday nights are definitely the hardest. wish i was home 
friday nights shouldn't be so boring 
friday nite the best time of the week bsides for me i hav prac  this is supposed to b my relax day 
friday should be a half day... by law... but it's not 
Friday! One more day till husband comes home. Katie was crying for him last night  and J coudn't sleep. We'll be joyful to see him!
Friday! Wheeeeeeeee.  Western Conference Finals tonight, but I can't has booze 
Friday, smart cassual day ~ I'm not smart and not cassual 
Done with my summary 4 my exams. Yeah I only talk about school these days bcuz it's controlling my life now 4 this upcoming weeks 
Done with poker for the day. That's now 4 months of running bad and doesn't seem to be getting any better 
done with school! but no more baseball 
done with supper. hope the sun doesn't rise at all for i can avoid monday blues 
Done with the desk job off to make faces for Womens Mag, photo shoot in Boulder .... Ugh I hate 36 in rush hour 
Done with the first. There are another 3 tomorrow mygee  http://myloc.me/3T6o
Done with the garden. Ugh... So heart broken  andddd its back to puking. Or dry heaving at least. woot. &lt;/3
Done with the grocery store, on to laundry 
Done with the Missourian for the day. No call back from Sturtz... 
done with the show and headed home. im tired 
Done with the Sims (for now) and I'm off to study for exams... 
done with wes' live and now im STILL cleaning my room can't sleep til all these clothes are off my bed  please entertain me
Done with work only one hour after! And the store looks amazing!!! Gotta be back @ 530 though. 
Done with work!! Back hurts for some reason  Out with beh
Friday, tuesday...same to me! I dnt knw the meaning of wkend animore 
Friday... the JUDGMENT DAY!!!! 
Friday...3 day weekend...it would be perfect if my baby wasn't leaving.  
Friday...man I want my old schedule back 
fridays are meant to b fun 
Fridays are the hardest. I could hardly get up... Off to Fremont to skate, then VDT for the last day of cute kids  Oh, and I &lt;3 Radiohead!
Fridays are the new Mondays here. Damn 
Fridays without Terminator and Dollhouse just aren't the same. 
Fridge hiker is turning into a self-help guru  I'll stick with it because it's a present from my mom and she means well.
fried ext hard drive &amp; very nearly whole library. I'm still in the doghouse &amp; itunes won't make play sound now. crappity crap 
Friend Caroline and I almost got Dukes of Hazarded by a flying Ford Mustang - driver had a seizure and landed 6 feet in front of us. 
friend is that so hard to ask for i guess it is   what has this world come to children just grow up to hate and nothing else hope im not
Friend to me: &quot;you are always surprising in all aspects of your life.. but that part (love) is always the same&quot; So true, in a bad way 
friend told me paper was more &quot;green&quot; than digital; no updating hardware, no electricity, no heavy metals in landfills 
Friendfeed beta doesn't appear to like my Twitter account  http://ff.im/-1Y0Zm
FriendFeed is down 
FriendFeed is down for the second Saturday in a row. I swear it happens every time I have time to enjoy FriendFeed. 
Friendly reminder: If the word PUSH is visible on a door. You should do as it says. Doing otherwise could result in extreme embarrassment 
Friendlys even though I have no money 
done with work, parents just touched down in paris, dupleix was wack last night..all my friends are leaving today 
Done work...free at last!  For the next two days only 
Done! At least for today haha. My birthday 2008 pics is probably lost forever though  Can't find it in my files ;___;
Done! Dont know about this Grant Park thing the sky looks like its about to open up 
Done! Finally, all back in, broke my HDMI cable for PS3 though 
DONE!! With @skipperhart ! She put ice down my one piece! I can feel it melting 
done. but seriously bored.  no basketball on tonight. 
done. should have made that call...damnit lol. ihatemyself 
doneeeeeeeeee, head hurts 
Donesky my ironing!! woohooo Just floors need sweeping and mopping 
Donington Festival. What a mind blowing 3 days of sun, alcohol and rock/metal I had. Outstanding! But now... back in the office 
donnie darko sequel is going straight to dvd!! 
donnie stop kissing these women please! 
don't any of my friends want to go snowboarding lately?  oh wait, they're all out west now.  wish i had snowboard friends in Rochester 
friends are all gone gotta do my food tech assignment 
Friends are going to Movie Awards! and my mum is going to a concert! and I go home  thishh sucks balls. haha
Friends coming over for a roast.   Could do without it today.  Not in the mood for people 
Friends coming over tonight... shasawi 3asha?? :s Salads ba6lib men salad boutique.. what else? no time 
Friends giving me grief about my innane tweets of personal status and why they unfollowed me  beer undoubtably a factor
Friends have fun while IÂ´m sitting here studying 
Friends have gone home now    Watching Britains got Talent, Stavros Flatley rule! Too Grand is Too Cute and Flawless should Win!  
friends is the ABSOLUTE best show ever!!! can never get enough of this show its insanely funny...the best thing ever..school tom 
Friends living in UK, let us know if Susan Boyle wins. U.S. won't tell us till Monday 
Friends try to crack on me wen I avoid the old metro train cars apparently the old car that was in the lead caused the train to crash 
Friend's wedding tomorrow. But the venue is so far away from my place, and not very accessible using the MMTS either. What do I do 
Friends, having fun, drinks by the pool... and study 
fries without ketchup? not fun. 
friggen missed SNL this week 
friggin' *miserable* right now. 
Friggin hate having so much college work to do, soo didnt realise it was that much. 
frigging tired tonight!!! soooooo many bookingsss!!! and...NO DINNER!!! 
frightening, based on some analysis by Michele Ferrari the lead climbers at the Giro d'Italia ride my local hill (3km @ 6%) at 34km/h+ 
frikin hell my scab caught on ma pjs now its KILLING. almost healed like ripped my knee off an its bleedin like ken 
Frikking hell I can't find my wafi gift voucher crap its expiring dis month n my appt is tomorrow 
Frio. For the non spanish speaking in freeeeezing 
Frizbee golf kills.  RIP WATER BOTTLE! ROFL Sweetest shot ever! Go me!
Frogging the Ishbel to start over. I've goofed too many times, &amp; don't trust that the lace pattern will work itself out in the blocking. 
From 25ËšC and sunny yesterday, to cold and rainy today. Gotta love the British weather  #fb
From 2am on, Ben up every two hours during the night. Combined with me having a cold, I don't think we're going anywhere this morning. 
from 40kg to 45kg.  I gain weight. I eat a lot! Gawd!
From 8 to 6. Ears hurting 
From 8pm until way past 1am, there were 2 choppers circling in the sky above my head. Had to close windows to sleep even in hot weather 
From a three-sport town to a one-sport town in four days. So sad 
from B to B+ .... yafar7ete beek yabogabal 
From Comics Alliance &quot;The Best Megan Fox Picture Ever&quot; http://bit.ly/zwZa8  I feel bad for this sweet British geek 
from extreme social interaction to the hallmark channel. yeah. i'm home. 
from henceforth lastnight shall be known as &quot;the deprivation of Zantoine Truluck&quot; 
from here on out, im leaving the nail clipping to the professionals. im sorry for the blood bath holly 
from humid hot to freakin rain. global warming. 
from Iran: Please don't forget us.  People are crying in the street. We need your help.... #Iranelection
From liberty to cameron took forever, but these last 60 miles have just flown by. I really should text and speed at the same time. 
From megan, sorry 
From My Father In Ten Years. I have Made And Effort.. I Doubt It will Be Any different Today 
From my parents workings out Dads retirement stuff will probably just cover our food bills not the rest. I want to move out even more now 
From now on in, it' gaming all the way, the day without my lady has been a lonely day 
From Portugal to Derbyshire. At least sun is shining but lawn looks like Percy Thrower is Gardner-in-Residence! Weekend jobs = 
From the data looks like it's been a busy night in A&amp;E. No medical beds yet  #NHS
from the looks of things around here, i'd say that bad things happen on maintenance day. 
From this moment on... I will love u for as long as I live... 
From time to time there are articles about in demand jobs right. Unfortuantely for me, never has one involved politics or communication 
from today back to the boring routine of work and home 
From twitterberry moved to ubertwitter - suffered from BB cache errors 
From Useless phone to NO phone 
From webinar: Seesmic looks like another good Twitter interface...but Tyndale's IS dept. only wanted TweetDeck  #CisionLive
From what I can find online, Malcolm Gladwell isn't coming to Oxford while on tour in the UK 
Front Page: Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
Frosted flakes they're more than good, they're greeeeeat! Loll this is what my life has come down to 
Froze entire head with ice pack, headache mostly gone, but so is my energy 
Fruit2o Essentials makes me sad. Looks so delicious + good for you. Not nearly as good as it looks, and I bought a CASE at Sam's Club. 
Frumpy - an ass that is just Frowning 
frustrated 
Frustrated already with download speeds on 256kbps connection... 
Frustrated am struggling to get this first essay finished. i know what the words ought to be, why aren't they coming?? 
frustrated arghh hate this feeling 
frustrated as none of her pics will upload onto twitter 
Frustrated because I can't sleep and I need to be up for work in 2 hours. 
frustrated because of the rain here...sitting home the whole day...how can you go jogging or so when the weathers like that 
Frustrated because the app to link Twitter and Facebook is not working 
frustrated by dodgy database through firefox over vnc session in australia. Slow and prone to crashing 
Frustrated by the inelegance of the C40 and TEXT input encoding schemes for Data Matrix. Result is unavoidable Frankenstein code 
Frustrated that a website I need to use (to order essential software) is not working!! 
Frustrated to discover that Virtual PC under Windows 7 requires hardware virtualisation  - which I don't have! 
Frustrated why don't people answer there phones 
Frustrated with my hair; it looked good after the beautician got done with it, then I just had to go and take a shower 
frustrated with the day :/ feel like im being held back 
frustrated with the other mini-games in plants vs zombies. im not able to finish, zombies eat me. waaaaaah 
frustrated. afraid. sad. lethargic. what kind of life this is?  (via @maGziiexoLovely)
frustrated. i need to write. wheres my writing pen! 
Frustrated..  
Frustrated... with herself  ugh.
frustrated? yeahâ€¦yeah, that seems to be the right word. maybe a dash of  too.
frustration with moving website to new host  Many problems. Sometimes it's good to walk away from it.  I will try to figure it out later.
Frustrations in the air!! Tomorrow i have to work! 
frys.com really needs a lesson in customer support.  Every damned CSR gives me a different answer, and each one changes my order  Jerks!
fsjkhdfkljasfh why does this little boy have to be so stubborn mygosh, taken 3hours to do some summaising. ahh thats bad. lol 
Ft. Myers has been a blast!!!! One more day left 
ftswindle =/ @rehes @kennethcold yo I forgot to give you your camera 
FU*Â§%+ DAY!  
Fuc.... Hanah got to me 
fuc..ing Thursday .... I'm so tired 
FUCCKK!! lost my game file for the 3rd time!! now i gotta start all over again?! WTF?! 
fucckkk i think im dying  i been feelin weird as hell all day.somethin ain't right
Fuck  feeling a bit numb now.
fuck  i just realized it wasn't live :'( *cries*
fuck  i'm sleeeeeepy. bye thanom konan.(i'm so sure that's not his name.) @yingqi what is it? )-:
FUCK  some dick hole just passed me on the right on a one lane road. That was my ticket to financial freedom and I blew it 
Fuck ! No more muppets for kobe &amp; lebron. I loved the one wit the powder. 
FUCK &quot;infest&quot; is such a good album. Too bad papa roach sucks now 
Fuck . . . A force out? We aren't starting this again, are we? 
don't ask my why i have a new account...it's cuz twitter is LAME and my old one got deleted somehow.  wah wah wah 
Don't ask why I'm watching The Saturdays on Loose Women... All I know is that they sound bloody awful 
Don't be sad Pluto, I'm not a planet either 
dont care how chubby this sounds...... im really pissed i went all the way to hula hut and didnt get the fish tacos  what was i thinkin ?
Don't cry bridget!  aw. That part was sad.
Dont deal with u nomore so how about u just skip ur ass back to lorry's house @mzneecij ...(ur no fun) 
Don't deserve any lah, sigh. Need someone t talk t now and i don't know how t reply you. No rights t. 
dont do my last tweet coz it didnt work :-@ 
don't do the same mistake i did ! pleasee DON'T! i tried to tell you but you didn't listen! 
Don't don't feel good.  make it better
don't even know what to do with myself 
Don't ever have inconsistent line endings. I am paying the price for it now. Was using UNIX and Windows for Coda and Dreamweaver 
dont ever use Clean And Clear Shine Control  its evil stuff, my poor face! Time for some Witch Hazel lathering me thinks 
don't exactly know either they are doing bad to me, or i am too 'bad' for them 
Don't expect much out of me today. Much too busy to be tweeting. 
Don't expect to wake up bright eyed if you worked VERY late last night 
dont feel good  , because i took a nap now my ass cant go 2 sleep smh....
Don't feel good again 
Don't feel good at all can't sleep 
dont feel good could be H1N1 
Don't feel good, hope I'm not about to get sick... 
Don't feel good. 
Don't feel good. Again.  My throat is...not good. Gross.
Don't feel good. Ugh. I wanna milk shake 
Don't feel good.. 
Don't feel gooddddd...  i wonder if this has anything to do with that hangover i have. Hmm.
Don't feel like doing any hw, omg. HW sux!  many many more. CRIES.
dont feel like driving in the rain but i have 2.... 
Don't feel like going to work tomorrow, I got a case of the &quot; Thursdays&quot; and the day hasn't even officially started 
Don't feel like waking up at 7 am tomorrow.  I suppose it's time for sleep. Night all. &lt;3
dont feel loved anymore 
don't feel ready for the exam i have tomorrow..  Guess i'll do it next June
dont feel so good 
Dont feel so good all of a sudden 
Don't feel terribly well  Woke up with a sore throat... seemed to mostly pass when I drank something, but it's still there a bit :/
Don't feel that well  But still stayin Strong x Please follow my twiter - I'm new 
Dont feel too well, i need a massage, at work 
don't feel upto leeds after all  so I'm gonna paint the garden shed with granddad ha
Don't feel very good today 
Don't feel very well! 
dont feel well   headache... i was very quiet in class.
dont feel well  doctors appointment needs to be made soon. night.
Don't feel well  want my bed x
Don't feel well think I have a cold 
dont fell so good today 
Dont Finish College Till 4! Someone Save Me  Arghh!
Don't Forget about us 
Don't forget tonight's meeting is a fun panel night. Please bring in a panel of 4-6 mounted images. Last meeting before the summer break 
dont fuck with platypi..... they fuck back.... 
dont get how to use twitter 
Don't get it babe. Just keep me around all the time. I'll make love to you on command. I promise I'll never say no. Don't get it baby.   
don't get it still 
dont get me wrong. still sick. just a little better. i really don't want to sweep or do any chores 
Don't get out of work until 11 
Don't get to do the upgrade til after work tonite. 
don't go away.....  http://plurk.com/p/t9hmo
dont have a thing to doo  boredd...
Don't have any hot water.... 
don't have any more money on my phone  have to top up
Don't have any plans on my day off!!!! 
don't have any plans tonight wish there was something to do   ugh seriously i am so bored
don't have have time to jog this moring  got some run i have to do!! idk maub make tome for it later!!
Don't have internet for 11 days damn 
Don't have money to buy Guilty Pleasure, Hannah Montana the movie soundtrack and Lines, Vines and Trying Times. I'm Sick 
dont have that much to do today  I just joined twitter, what a boring day...
Don't have the time 2 bike 2day. What a lousy day 
don't have time or access to trade atm  #forex
Don't have to be in the lab long tomorrow; I have a reaction going that takes supposedly 72 h.  Something may not be right with it though 
don't have to go to school or work (til 4) &amp; I STILL wake up early! 
dont have to work..cant sleep and theres nothing to do..smh 
Don't join the bus! It was stupid and it automatically tweeted that msg for me 
DON'T KEEP YOUR MOBILE IN A BAG WITH BOTTLES OF BEER INSIDE!!!! *silly me* -.- so i'm off the world halp!!  (except the internet)
Dont know about the rest of you but I REALLY miss @ferretprincess 
don't know how i schould .learn all that stuff till friday 
Don't know how to do the chinese compo. 
dont know how to use twitter 
Dont know how to work this twitter thing??!!!!! 
Dont know if i can go to bribri's party   exhausted.need to clean.mud tracks and grass EVERYWHERE from last night.. TheHopeIsOurs(:
Don't know if I can watch Holly again, breaks your heart 
Dont know if i like this twitter thing just thought i would check out what all the hype is about and i cant even upload a picture 
don't know if I return to France or If I stay in Tunisia  for the studies +_+
Don't know if I will buy the new Dave Matthews Band album.  The reason I listened to them is no longer with us.  RIP LeRoi Moore 
don't know if it's just my computer, thinking not, Safari 4 doesn't handle a lot of tabs very well 
don't know my section yet  If anyone knows just tell me.
don't know what happened but one of my eyes is swollen and sore  ouch!!!
dont know what i want anymore 
Don't know what the weather is like through there, but here its both blue skies, sunny, extremely windy with rain 
dont know what this is 
don't know what to believe anymore on J&amp;K  ...this was one of my fave show...this turn of events is heart-wrenching to watch/hear
Don't know what to do today  anybody got any exciting thing I can do x
don't know what to do today.  amazing weather and i'm sitting here, great.
Don't know what to do with my hair for the party, up, down, straight or curly? That and I can't find my hairbrush  lol
don't know what to do with myself. Moms goin out and i'm missing someone a lot 
Don't know what to do!  I wanna play a game but there is no one who wanna play with me!! xD
don't know what to do, where to go to 
Don't Know What To Do... 
Don't know what to do???? 
don't know what to doo 
Dont know what to have for breakfast....... no soya milk left = dry porridge, lack of pancakes (for which i have no maple syrup anyway) 
don't know what to say 
Dont know what to say right now other then i feel sad 
don't know what's happening... 
dont know whats up but im still feelin sick, i guess its a lil virus....i hate feelin like this... 
don't know when I'll be back again. 
Don't know who's place it is next to me when I sleep but, god pleas let me find him soon. Still miss Bill and feels like he could call. 
Don't know why i made twitter, don't even use it 
Don't know why my eyes are jdi bengkak 
dont know why so tired today  bye, time for beddy
Don't know WHY the link s breaking up but.....oh well 
dont know why they are changing vitamin water? just get it right the first time dont hook us then change 
Dont know why, but im feeling a bit down again!! 
Don't know why, but it irks me to no end when people assume that if I am vegetarian then egg must be ok.. and slip eggs into veggie meals 
dont know wts wrong with twitterfox my other a/c not updating tweets 
dont leave   (zacbrownband live &gt; http://ustre.am/2urW)
Don't leave GR Raze. We'll make it a better place 
Dont let babies play with remotes! We cant find ours 
dont let my text fool you, i am sick as a dog right now, 
Dont let wendys fool you with a promise of asian chicken 
Dont let your computer run out of battery when your updating your iphone. It sucks 
don't like Chinese tourists much as some of them are really rude! 
Don't like dreams about my computer falling apart 
don't like exams. i know nobody does. but i want to be able to spend my last few days with my friends/boyfriend having fun, not... exams 
Dont like going to sleep after being full off a meal. Feel so fat  workout in overdrive tomorrow  I like that
Dont like graphzzz  want to be doing art....
Don't like it much when Fogbugz reactivates the case when somebody reply with &quot;Thanks&quot; in the support inbox 
dont like it when people hate on some of my fav. people just cuz of their looks. makes me mad 
don't like it when the boys keep taking towels out of the cupboard and then when I need one there are none left 
don't like Marthin's syle like i did not like Mr. Sam so much  #ASOT400 #asot400
don't like Mondays... 
don't like nathan. decided. he's being nasty to lucas 
Don't like the ad layout in orkut... it is now moved on the upper right.. 
don't like the new yahoo email thingy ... i don't know how to compose a new email  so sad. i'm a 'tard!
Dont like the thunder 
DON'T LISTEN TO THIS 100 new followers a day bullshit, it does nothing, its a VIRUS!!!!!!!! 
Don't look at me, I'm sick 
Don't love the suit as much as the price. It's going back  wish me luck finding another one.
Don't make me go.   
Dont make me late 
dont make me leeave my comfy sheets and mo 
Dont mean 2burst everyone's bubble....but the weekends almost over  &lt;had 2put an ellipse there or it wldve been weird&gt;
dont mix different wines...at least not in the same glass 
Don't need a visa for Israel, that's good. Have heard customs horror stories (delayed in security for 6 hrs stuff) from wife's friends. 
Don't need this now, got to be up at 7am 
Don't no y I'm up wtf. Orthodonist at 8.30  then the gym near my dads work  text&lt;3
don't reallly feel like goin to work today 
Dont really feel good  going to sleep early..
dont really feel like practicing violin... 
Dont really wanna be in the house but i dont have anyone to kick it with.. Wish i had my boogie here to kick it with me 
Don't really wanna go home yet, but only 19 days left.. My baby @carnesen will be all alone for over a month 
dont say goodbye 
Don't see anything on news about it yet. Hopefully it's just a Precaution. On a sep note this train smells of urine 
Dont send me back to virginia 
Don't smoke cigs, kids - bad for you.  Bad. 
Dont suppose anybody knows where i can get a pair of new TCA arms for a mk3 capri do you? Damn me for owning a 23 year old car no spares 
Don't talk about my boo  @FlyTunes
Dont talk bout new yorkers...jerzy girl....n i am jealous i wanna drink with the boys 2 
Don't talk like you're not coming back.. 
DON'T TALK TO ME ABOUT THE APPRENTICE! Until I can see it tomorrow 
don't text me or ring me anyone please, i broike my G1 last night  the whole screen is smashed!
Don't think I am going to go to see Paolo nutini Today as dad wants me to revise 
Don't think I can afford the G10 this close to travel. Any suggestions for a decent fixed lens camera to rock to Japan with?!?!?!? 
Don't think I can afford to renew my domain name.  Sad. I'll be at www.helloparadox.squarespace.com from now on.
dont think i can go too miley, have no money whats so ever 
don't think i can play tennis tomorrow   i'm not getting ur tweets on my crackberry???
Don't think I got it in me....not anymore 
Don't think I like this new ubertwitter version 
don't think i tweeted at all yesterday; i have a day off today but i woke up too early 
don't think i will twitter on holiday, it will cost lots on our phones and it doesnt work anyway  not twittering for 2 weeks! :O :L:L
dont think im goin into work tonight om not feelin to hot 
Don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight. I'm going to be constantly checking on @mattstevensloop. 
Don't think I'm gonna be able to go to see the JB 3D Concert...wrong time, no where very close by 
Don't think iPhone will last the day, seems to have the superbatterywaste eveninstandby bug again 
Don't think my feet have recovered from yesterday 
Don't think the club would appreciate GTD lessons  One XC today - well one Mr Puhl for escaping the Hambledon washing m/c
Dont think the mp3 player is coming today  My neighbor is so loud &amp; annoying.
don't try to eat a whole bag of mixed nuts from Tesco, it will make you feel sick!  
Don't u hate it when ur about to fix a big bowl of cereal just to find out there's no milk 
Dont u hate when ur sick and get chills.. But ur hot? Thats how i feel right now  make it stop..
Don't understand how I can be so sensitive after so many years of exposure - all the multimedia exhibits almost made me lose my cookies 
Dont understand how I got relatively high marks in 2 essays, but the feedback says it was shit?  that doesnt bode well for full time work+
dont understand twitter atm  but i try to change this fast as possible 
Don't understand why rehab doesn't seem to work 4 METH addicts. Still watching so many people I care 4 destroy themselves. Glooomy 
don't understand why someone have to throw my towel away when I left it on my locker lock, to dry last night. who's that evil one!!! 
Don't understand whyyyy twitteriffic not working anymore!! Guess I can still tweet but can't read updates 
Don't walk around in downtown by yourself.  
dont walk away when im talking to you, this aint no time for your bad attitude. dont gimme that face! dont walk away 
don't walkaway when i'm talking to you. you always do that and i hate it 
Don't wanna be @ work at all  wish I was @ english bay or white rock  it seems like I'm going to gym having the clothes I'm wearing
Dont wanna be at work 
dont wanna be doing my report... but i have no choice.... someone save me... 
Don't wanna be here...well, Munich is such a beautiful city, but it's rainy and cold and it's juny!!! The weather should be MUCH better 
Don't wanna come home!  No computer jobs at the beach!  Sucks.  
dont wanna cry  but the seniors are out there graduating&amp;its breakin my heart;but im home 
dont wanna do homework but probs have too 
Don't wanna do the day yet 
Dont wanna get outta bed  why cant weekends be longer -_-
Don't wanna get ready for work! UGH!!! 
Dont wanna go back tonight 
Don't wanna go home yet  but we're heading susan's to party woot more woot!
don't wanna go home. it's all empty there. maybe i should get a cat but who will care for her when i go to office 
Don't wanna go the airshow alone 
don't wanna go to booty camp tonight 
dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!! 
don't wanna go to my 1:30 class... but I know I need to. -math is my worst subject 
Don't wanna go to school. getting ready and everthing. Back at home: 3 p.m. 
Don't wanna go to school.... Really bad weather is suppose to be happenin soon and i hatttte it! 
don't wanna go to that media festival tomorrow.... 
don't wanna go to the country side  wanna stay out here, in Moscow, and have some fun)
Don't wanna go to this weddingparty 
Dont wanna go to wanchai  so exhausting
Don't wanna go to work 
Don't wanna go to work.  Why wasn't I born independently wealthy? Must take this up with parents.
Dont wanna go work 
Don't wanna go work 
don't wanna hurt your feeling, but you did!   
dont wanna learn french but tomorrow is the test! its too difficult anyway... 
don't wanna make the test today 
dont wanna stay in this weekend !!! but have to  what a bummer !!!! a whole weekend wiv out vodka 
dont wanna study, but have to do it 
don't wanna talk about w he broke my heart ... just he broke my heart ! 
Don't wanna toto work 
dont wanna work tomorrow 
Don't wanna work tomorrow 
don't wanna work tomorrow. 
don't wanna work tomorrow....... 
dont wanna work tonight 
Dont wanna work tonight at ten 
Dont want go  summer school but got up 4 it this morning 
don't want her housemates to be back.pretty sure they will be back in a group tomorrow 
don't want JB to leave this country...then i won't feel close to them at all. 
Don't want my Darwin holiday to end! 
don't want surgery Friday  but Vegas will be awesome!!!
dont want the weekend to end 
don't want to be @ work, I have another cold 
Don't want to be at work 
Don't want to be Awake or at Work this EARLY today!  
Don't want to be here today, rather be by the pool enjoying the sunshine and my poolboy Sven ;) except I don't have a pool or a poolboy 
dont want to be in work 
don't want to be sent off so far without cab fare home  how unfortunate! that would mean,home after 12. Not good, not good 
don't want to be separated from her classmates 
don't want to be stuck in this stupid office all day. this blows 
dont want to do anything in this awful weather but i cant keep putting off my ancient history assessment 
dont want to do doe 
Don't want to do homework. Don't really want to do anything else either. Don't want to sleep either! ...I want to cuddle 
don't want to do my maths exam tomozz  iv left school for good  why make us come back and do them 
don't want to do the exam today! 
Don't want to do this at all. 
Don't want to drive home all by myself  looong burnside.
don't want to finish twittering. 
don't want to geht up and work  weather is shit
dont want to get out of bed 
dont want to get out of bed today 
Don't want to get up 
Don't want to get up early tomorrow. 
Don't want to go back to school tomorrow  BOOO school!
Don't want to go back to work tomorrow! Hate it already! Life's so unfair! (ok, I'm in a baaad mood today) 
dont want to go home  
Don't want to go home 
Don't want to go home tonight!! Want to stay here forever.... Sadly emas don't appear to have my job 
Don't want to go home you can't make me 
Don't want to go home. 
don't want to go out in the pouring rain 
Dont want to go to class tomorrow ~ 
dont want to go to school today 
Don't Want to go to work 
Don't want to go to work  But I need to try and earn back some of the large amount of money I spent yesterday.
Dont want to go to work  nooooooo x
Don't want to go to work tomorrow 
Don't want to go to work. 
don't want to go to work. I hate rubys and I hate serving people 
dont want to go to workkkkk  but im seeing olivia later!! yayyyyyy !!!!
Don't want to hear anything bad tonight  Hoping for miracle!
Don't want to leave NY 
don't want to leave the beach 
dont WANT to LEAVE!!!!  but 1 MORE dayyy!!! OF school
Dont want to play footy. 
Don't want to spend the weekend all by my lonesome 
dont want to study 
Don't want to study anymoreee 
don't want to study today 
dont want to study today. want to pack my bags and leave. could it get any worse 
dont want to work today  i wish i was going on holiday or something, maaaan bad bad vibes xx
don't want uni to start. i dislike the timetable. 
don't worry grasshoppa!!!... I miss my bed in carbondale  can I go back please?!
Don't worry, getting ready to bust out some reviews. And maybe a new video! Just incredibly busy. Apartment inspection this week 
Don't write me off just yet 
don't y but feelin kinda sick... 
Dont ya just hate it when you step outta the shower and you are still sweating!!?? 
Don't ya love it when the 'puter decides it needs to load updates &amp; therefore shut itself down without warning &amp; you loose hours of work? 
dont you hate it when u go on a trip and have lots of fun just to come back to some shit? damn 
Dont you hate it when 'U Got It Bad' and you dont want too have 'it' at all!?  Im going to beat myself till im emotionless!
Don't you hate it when u picked up stuff but it doesn't even look it.  hate it !
Don't you hate it when you go to bed.. fall asleep for an hour or two.. and then wake up and can't get back to sleep? 
Don't you hate it when your starving and everyone at your table got their food already and are eating it haha 
Don't you hate it when you're left with one slice of bread left in the bag? Half sandwich. 
Dont you hate those days when you really have to... Whats the word... Work... 
Don't you hate when you dream a brilliant idea, wake up, forget? Today I remembered! Not so brilliant after all... 
Dont you hate when your boyfriend is gone for two weeks? 
dont you HATE! losing the ipod   grrr
Don't you just hate freak accidents... especially when something gets broken!  
dont you just hate it when you are trying to find a song but cant remember the name 
Don't you just hate it when you find out that a friend isn't actually a friend because if they ever get a chance to hurt you they do.  sad
Don't you just hate it when you get to the last 'uns of your fox's glacier fruits, and all thats left are yellow ones...    
Dont you just hate it when you go to clean your teeth but forget to wet your toothbrush and get a gobfull of toothpaste i do 
don't you just hate it when you waste your whole day with sleeping ? --&quot; i didnt wake up until 5pm ...  what a productive day i've had...
Don't you just hate when your hair/head hurts after you take out your ponytail? Ugh! 
Dont you just looooove Mondays?.....NOT! 
Don't you just love when you want to wear your man's shirt and it's gone and you realize he's wearing it? 
don't you know that my heart always grown up every you call me beybii ? 
Don't you know, @paulagrace? Treachery is the new black! Hey, that'd make a good #L1A t-shirt! Except, I can't use the word black 
Dont you like?? I thought yud be happy 
dont you love it when your family shows up uninvited?? woo :/ and its my loud black ghetto family eww 
Dont you love not knowing what youre doing... Or what to do for that matter. Sitting in his room while he does yardwork outside 
Don't you luv Council services, sewer cap off nxt door, lovely  Council said 1 hr, been over 2 hrs and still no ones come  Dont Flush
dont.. im just so stressed atm and yeh 
DONTT PEEL THEMM OFF yer gonna have scars on yer beautiful body  @simoneserhan
Donuts with daddy day at school today 
Dood somehow my sister convinced me to go to heb walmart and la michoacana looking like shizz 
Doodily doodily wow account money not found doodily doodily  (a song of sadness from a ravaged heart)
Doods. I'm going to be out during the SAMA's  *sob* @bretdugmore know you are tweeting bout it-who else is?
Dooin Hmwrk But Totally Cnt Be Arsed! 
Doom and gloom. Why's it so cloudy?  going for a walk.  http://twitpic.com/6u1vp
doorbells being rung during naptime SUCK! blah. Lucas won't go back down but still needs longer 
Doot. Not leaving till 3am. 
Dope Stars Inc. &lt;3. || I still remember you 
Doped up on co-codamol and floating, woke up with excrutiating back and leg pains. 
Dophie not lookin so hott  two am so doesnt work for me i need my beauty sleep so the beauty is added to the me
DORCHESTER ST CLOSED BOTH DIRECTIONS!  buses being diverted both ways - with delays expected! Just trying to find out why...
Doris..Yuri..Val...booo..i got kicked out of chatroom and i cant come back in.. 
doritos give me heartburn. 
Dorm shopping, without my roomie  Help me god. Haha
Doro is not suit for me... so sad.... All the messages I received became ???????....... 
Doro not suit for me... so sad.... All the messages I received became ???????....... 
Dory walked out of her room and said MOM DO NOT COME IN HERE!  I am not kidding you will DIE it is such a mess....great   Tomorrow right?
dose not like the fact of public transport this week end! it mean i have to leave like an hour befor i have to get somwher!!! 
Dose Not Want To Go To Summer School 
Dosed again at 8pm. No effect on the second, it seems 
DOSENT GET THIS SHIT I NEED HELP 
Dosent want to aboundon my cat or my bed 
Dosen't want to work today... 
Dosing up on meds I still have a killer headache 
Dosnt feel so good. Damn cold 
DotA is an addiction...i waste 6-7 hours playing dota 
Double crap, total loss of sky signal 
Double english next! 
double hangover! ooooooooooo 
double muni fail tonight. next bus is worthless 
Double page spread in the paper outlining the ways in which my guilty pleasure lunch will kill me   http://twitpic.com/7x0uv
Double shift day   Work isn't that fun on a Sunday.
Double the sadness dodgers vs angels game is sold out &amp; aventura had a signing at ritmo latino and I didn't know 
Doubles at work blow ass. Bleeeehhhh. 
Doubleshift today. Why did I say yes. 
Doubt I will hear from my son 
Doubt i'll be going to church today  seems like such a long time, feel so spiritually &quot;off&quot; I cant take it!
doubt your going to tell me, oh well 
Dover traffic is fucked up already!!!! I'm just trying to get to walmart 
Dover trip cancelled for tonight 
Down 20.  its ok tho cuz trevor ariza hugged me yesterday! 
Down 3.2lbs for the week.  yay!  Now I just have to make good decisions at happy hour today, like no beer!   Unless it's becks or MGD.
down and ill 
down and out with a bad illness!! 
Down goes Friend Feed - Hmm for the very first time - itï¿½s disappeared  bummer http://tumblr.com/xn21wquwk
down in my series with denver on 2k9 3-1 
Down in Siloam Springs now, just went up to their local theatre and questioned about a jobs. They says comes back later 
Down in the dumps 
down side = i have a seat by myself  loner. please be a starbucks there.
Down the cape relaxing... Kinda sad I'm missing the fun at home though 
Down to 10 players in my hockey pool.  Time for #RedWings and #Bruins to get it together tonight. #NHLPlayoffs
Down to eating pot noodles,soup,baked beans &amp; odd ready meal for the week to come - June always is a bad month financially 
Down to my last bottle of elixir......................fuck me. 
down to six puppies this morning.  but, it was nice to wake up to troy waiting outside my room!
down with stomach pain 
Down with the flu. Hoped I would be able to give it a skip  Loving my new car, though!
Downgraded my Netflix. 
Download 2009, gaaaaaaah I miss it  hahaha
Download festival was Awesome! Journey were epic &lt;3. I wish it was still going on 
Download into deadline sure takes it out of you... had to cancel a drum lesson with Alex  Still all done now and Buckcherry later! (Sam)
download is over  but life goes on, just with a different soundtrack
Download was amazing! Feeling tired and burnt today though 
Download.... what can I say it was absolutely amazing, one of the best weekends of my life  So gutted it's over 
Downloaded #windows Vista SP2 (crap crap crap) yesterday but failed to apply it to my existing Vistas; ERROR_NOT_FOUND (0x80070490) 
Downloaded Citi Mob app. After 6 screens of ToU, it says communication error 
downloaded eclipse, great more sleepless nights reading a book, lol. I know I'll be sad after breaking dawn! no more twilight books. 
Downloaded Nambu for the Mac but the desktop icon only bounces when clicked. What does that mean on a Mac? Disappointed new Mac user 
Downloaded Opera Mini on my Curve. The new BB browser sucks. 
Downloaded the ncaa 10 demo ahhhhhh!!!!! Im so freaking excited!!!! How does one go this long with no football 
Downloaded the twitted app aswell @craigreilly1992, lol twitted really isn't catching on. Lol, no one has it 
downloaded x-men the animated series! Wolverine in dorky yellow jumpsuit! Not Hugh Jackman.  Honey bought me a rose. V.kyoot.
Downloadin #windows7 so I can read #exchange mail because #gnome with latest #evolution with mapi stil fails  #linux #fedora #ubuntu #mapi
downloading #iphoneos30 c'mon faster. why so slow? 
Downloading 3.0 - 25 minutes to go 
downloading a bunch of music, nothing else t0 d0 in this dumb house..  
Downloading about a gig of video of Landon.  Taking forever 
Downloading all my previous apps one by one.. this is painful task 
Downloading breaking bad last episode 13 , and also 12 cz I downloaded it before but didn't see it 
