i have just broke my new bra 
I have just completed 1/2 of my OQ testing. It's funny when some of your cohorts are also online at 1am. None of us have lives obviously 
I have just endured the worlds most annoying wind whilst cycling home from work. I am not happy and I have a &quot;do.&quot; 
I have just failed misable a physics practical paper 
i have just finished reading the book theif. aww  i didn't think the ending would be so sad! i loved it though xx
I have just gotten really depressed, today isn't going very well 
i have just lost my ANthrax tix  sad face. now i've got to do lots of difficult telephone stuff with TicketMaster call centres  sad face
I have just made a Twitter account, and have no friends... 
i have just made my clothes dirty by making a mess with my chocolate ice cream 
I have just managed to slice the top of my finger chopping veg for dinner 
I have just registered on twitter. I am typing my first entry. Otherwise I am job hunting on the internet. 
I have just returned from hell of a day, spent in ER as a caretaker or was it a just nightmare...result a fractured femur 
i have just returned from work and its raining 
I have sghetti in my lap.  &gt;&lt; Dammit!
I have sleeping problems 
I have sleept bad this night. 
I have slow cooked ribs all night 4 a Father's Day Feast today. But DS has an earache that came uninvited in the night 
I have small ear canals  ....headphones won't stay in my ears.....
I have so been back sliding with my diet these last 2 days.  I haven't even gone to the gym.  
i have so many hilarious ideas for youtube videos but i need a camera. once i get a camera i feel like my vids will be rejected by fans.  
I have so many mosquito bites it looks like chicken pox (and feels like it too).  
I have so many negative points with the photos beta thing I'd have to write a blog to list them all 
I have so many things to do  .. 1. Go to the dentist @ 5:30 .. 2. Go to Patchi 3. Buy a gift for a friend 4. Work on a presentation 
i have so much energy. i want to go for a quick run but its raining 
i have so much homework to do. fucking gaaaaay 
I have so much krazy glue atm, the ideas of what I could do w/it make me giddy. Then I flashback to House of Wax and I get MAJOR SQUICK. 
i have so much on my mind. ahhhhh i have the hugest stye in my eye, its killing me 
I have so much shit to do  where to starttttt?!
I have so much sinus pressure in my head/nose. Don't know why I had to have another allergy attack right before bedtime!!! 
I have so much stuff in my car that I can just feel my MPG going in the toilet. 
I have so much things to do 
I have so much to do after school. 
I have so much to do its making my brain hurt!! 
I have so much to do today. But i really dont want to get up yet. 
I have so much to do when I get home but all I feel up to is sleeping and maybe videogames 
i have so much to do. i need to do some homework now.  i really am going to hate these next 2 weeks.
I have so much washing to do tomorrow 
I have so much work to do on our website and I can only do it on the home computer... Guess it's going to have to wait until the weekend 
I have SO much work to do, and I can't do any of it 
i have so muxh homework  english book review, french speaking exam ....&amp; a welsh speaking exam with kerys ! HELP ME . well done miley mtv!
i have some advice for all you youngins, when u get a job don't be a good worker, they'll just give u more hours 
I have some bad news 
I have some problems with my eyes  this morning I had a terrible headache &amp; couldn't even read a book  I'm exhausted, I guess
i have some reallly bad news::: my pool has a whole in  who's guna come fix it? 
I have something in my eye!! 
I have something to say that I can't fit into 140 characters  Feeling twitter-oppressed.
i have soo much cold 
i have SOO much work to do  i hate french.
I have sooo much homework im drowning in it. no joke. i have to do history and english corsework and practise for a music exsam 
I have soooooo much work to do!!! 
I have sooooooo many books I bought in NY that I need to start/continue reading, I just can't pick which one. UGH, dilemma. 
I have sore ears from the plane and my cold mixd together 
I have sore eyes.  My eyes are all red and icky. Bleh. :|
I have sore legs  but we didnt lose!
i have sore throat. that's suck. 
I have spacers in and getting braces next friday oh joy 
I have spent all morning writing up power point training lessions  so boring. might be time for some chicken and leek pie from the canteen
i have spent far too much money today and now feeling quite sick about it 
I have spent most of my afternoon lying in bed trying to feel better. It hasn't been a huge success. :/ Still feeling sick 
I have started to fear weekends since joining German classes 
I HAVE STOMACH ACHE!  Owwwwwwwwwww.  Make it go awai 
I have strep 
i have successfully chewed off all of my nails. now i don't have anymore to bite 
I have such a bad headache 
I have such a bad migraine 
I have such a bad sunburn that my mom had to put burn cream on it. Like, the kind they use on burn victims. 
I have such a case of the Mondays.    Who says that?  I do... But only because Office Space is one of the funniest movies ever made.
i have such a craving for a Chicken Tikka Masala. i really really want one 
I have SUCH a headache right now. I really need to get better! 
I have such a headache, guess I over did it when i moved my bedroom around 
I have such a headache. 
I have such a headache. Last official day of school today  why do i feel sad? i was supposed to be happy!!!
I have such a kink in my neck that I can't work out  &amp; its making my head feel all woozy
I HAVE SUCH A LETHARGIC DAY 
I have such a sore neck from sewing literally all day  whinge
i have such a sore throat 
I have such a sore throat, and lots of work to do. Its a nice sunny day and chances are I won't get to enjoy it  xx
I have such a sore throat. Lost my voice. 
I have such an headache today 
i have summer work because im taking honors english next year... i dont like school work... 
I have sun burn  one day in the sun and i burn grr, no fair
i have sunburn  and im wearing a halter top and i have this ackward tan. wowzers
I have sunburn on my knees  Next time I need to remember to put sunblock on them
I have sunburn... 
I HAVE SUPER CANCER! 
I have survived the Busy Weekend...its a real shame its Monday &amp; work though 
I have test tomorrow but i dont study, then i go very bad 
I have that horrible sunday feeling 
I have that i am allergic to avacados and how benadryl makes me want to sleep.  Rose
i have the apartment to myself tonight 
I have the beggining symptoms of a cold. This might be bad. 
I have the biggest headache 
I have the biggest headache ever and it wont go away 
i have the biggest headache in the world 
I have the biggest headache right now 
I have the broken heart  
I have the chills so bad i want to curl up in a ball and die 
I have the cutest puppy ever, that bites me in the face. Haha. 
I have the 'cutest' sunburn ever. A teensy little strip of skin right below my hairline on my forehead, and the tops of my ears. Geez. 
i have the day off but everyone else has their english orals 
I have the dentist in two hours -_- I wish I was eating out somewhere tonightt 
I have the feeling at some point today, i am going to throw up. 
i have the fever of the hay 
i have the flu   this is the worst
i have the flu  hope its not the pig flu. dont know the difference. uni campus is a media black hole, which is nice...
i have the flu  NOT SWINE FLU, just the normal flu.
i have the flu! i feel like death 
i have the freakin flu  fml. i better be able to go to @ddlovato 's concert tomorrow or i will die, legit die.
i have the fucking flu 
I HAVE THE GANGSTEREST TOOTH ACHE ON THE PLANET!!   heeeeeelp.
i have the hiccups  class until 1:18 then the library, hopefully busting out this research paper!
I have the hiccups &amp; I don't know how to make them go away  It's keeping me from writing. No bueno.
I have the HUGEST headache ever. It hurts so bad it's keeping me awake and making me sick to my stomach. It sucks! 
I have the hump today 
I have the hungrys.  
I have the largest headache known to man. If I'm not better by sunday I can kiss warped goodbye 
I have the last Pushing Daisies on my Tivo and I don't wanna watch it.  If I watch, then it's really over.  
I have the monday blues!! 
i have the most comfortable bed. sucks you have to be 21 to go to maino/fabolous on south st.   weezy soon!?!!
I have the most gorgeous phone theme evahs.Btw,really^infinity don't want to go for scary physics  - http://tweet.sg
I have the most nastiest taste in my mouth and it won't go away. 
I have the most obnoxious hiccups right now 
I have the most terrible bags under my eyes. Must rectify that before I go to work. Looks like cute boy's not working today 
I have the munchies 
I have the munchies and there is nothing to munch on 
I have the power of invisibility 
I have the premiere showing of first ever episode of Doctor Who on my HDD recorder, sucks that it's hard drive could be bust already. 
I have the skitter today and cannot be arsed being at work 
I have the stomach flu   I hate being sick!
i have the stupidest computer everr. it keeps claiming to save my twitter profile pic and background, but nothing is happening. ugg. 
I have the sudden urge to punch a baby after seeing the MTV Movie Awards winners list 
I have the Tuesday blues 
I have the urge to eat but no motivation because the fridge is empty.. 
I have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. What the heck am I allergic to? It itches SO bad! Dang it! 
I have the worlds worst sunburn 
I have the worse growing pains right now omg 
I have the worst cough in a long time 
I have the worst dreams when I'm ill... I got bombed, crushed and laughed at  all in my own bed.
I have the worst feeling that my english presentation is going to get a reeaaallyy bad mark  And I can't stop thinking about it!
I have the worst gag reflexes ever. if i cough too hard i get sick   Refinnyj &lt;&gt; Mat1234
I have the worst habit of forgetting to drink my tea  
I have the worst headache 
i have the worst headache  i be's ragin' y'all!!
I have the worst headache everrrrrr. 
I have the worst headache today. It just won't stop. 
I have THE WORST headache.  wish I could just lay down..... 
I have the worst heartburn ever, feels like i'm dying today! 
I have the worst migraine ever i took medicine and its not working 
I have the worst migran ever!!! And I have to pack ... 
I have the worst stiff neck  help me!!! Tell me what do to I have plans and can't have one now go away come back another day
I have the WORST sunburn ever 
I have the worst sunburn ever! 
I have the worst urhe to go play w guns at a range! I miss my guns  fucking exes!
I have these in tourmaline, rubies and sapphires at my online shop http://www.zionshore.com best viewed with explorer 
i have things to do.. so many hoooomeeeworks...  booooooooooooooooooo! (
I have this beautiful grand piano. I haven't played it in 2 years. Nobody else has played it more than half a dozen times for 2 years. 
I have this element on my site i want to have a different link style but its not working. 
I have this gut feeling inside like something bad happened or its going to happened, idk I just do, I hope my dad is ok 
I have this headachee.... mmmm 
I have this very important meeting  in 4:20 and thats me not being irony at all. Unfortunately 
i have three cuts on my hand from opening a gatorade bottle. 
i have three elbow creases in my left elbow. i am becoming wrinkly  i blame the rash.
i have three hours to do my hair. and it STILL won't be straight 
I have to admit, I'm a bit bummed out that I wasn't with my friends walking today.... 
I have to admit........I'm having a pretty shitty day 
I have to answer every single phone call, customer request and email today  Boss &amp; sales guy are at a trade show, and FCW has allergies.
I have to apply for international driver licence (not for competition, of course) to go to Nurburgring in May. Must take half-day off. 
I have to be at Logan by 6AM. The super duper breakfast here at the hotel starts at 6:30. Suckksss!! 
I have to be at work at 6 and I can't go to sleep 
I have to be at work in a few hours.  Didn't sleep. Having trouble.    Dam brain wont shut up.  (Maybe I so poke it with something)
I have to be up at 6 o'clock in the morning (for jury duty) 
I have to be up by 5 am to get ready for the 4 mile run for charity over the Coronado Bay Bridge tomorrow. I forgot.... 
i have to be up in five hrs   gnyt
I have to be up tonight for Famitsu Wednesday. And just as I got over my last bout of Insomnia 
I have to break someones heart today, who doesn't deserve it... 
i have to buy 'minimum of two' by tim winton  ew
i have to buy my ticket for warped tourr! aahhh i wish i could go to lollapalooza 
I HAVE to C O N C E N T R A T E ....!! this exam thing is killing me... 
I have to call a repairman, because my hi-fi-system went wrong  but I can't find the phone number 
i have to cats test today 
i have to clean pretty much all day.. 
I have to clean up my room  Bye! 
I have to come back tomorrow so they can take out blood 
I have to create stupid reports, over and over... 
I have to cut 3 pounds today, no eating for me 
I have to cut the grass today 
I have to disconnect the internet connection so I can force myself to finish this video lol. Not kidding though, bye Twitter! 
I have to do a project about Argentina! &amp; i don't know anything 
I have to do about a million things before tomorrow.  I'm drinking coffee at a quarter to 8 to stave off the sleepies until I am done. 
i have to do an essay on a saturday night. how fun. and theress nufff jamss happening tonight too 
I have to do homework  but I think, it has to wait ;)
I have to do my homework soon, and a lot of it, too  Plus, I have a lot of other stuff to get done tonight. I better get crackin'.
I have to do my own hair/make-up and my mum isn't even going to be home so her friend has to drop me at amys, &amp; everyone has family there 
i have to do some cleaning that suck 
i have to do some maths hw 
I have to do something für school. school sucks! 
i have to do sooo much things that i dont wanna do. 
I have to do the least fun things today.  All I want to do is go to the movies, shop for some new things... Grr.
I have to downgrade from my iPhone 
I have to drive all the way to the other side of town to take a shower because our water is brown. 
I have to eat mouldy fish tonight, weirdo swedes-here's hoping I don't vomit 
i have to fill two hours 
I have to follow the Formula 1 race through live ticker!!! how sucky is that???  our damn Tvroom is closed for the summer!! SHIT!
I have to genius bar my MacBook Pro on saturday. Loud fan sound coming out of left side. 
i have to get a cast for my ankle on thursday! 
I HAVE to get a really nice fake tan before tuesday w.o going to a salon. I am nerv0us 0mg 
I have to get allergy shots today   Don't forget #PETERFACINELLI
I have to get my wisdom teeth taken out next Wed.....woe is me 
i have to get surgery in 8 days  even though it's only supposed to take 15 minutes, i'll still have an IV in my arm 
I have to get surgery in the morning on my wisdom teeth 
i have to get the other side of my lip repierced tomorrow 
I have to get to home depot and get a smalltiny light bulb..... 
I have to get up and clean soon  @feybee But after I'm done gonna curl up on the couch w/ a good book....... What are you gonna do??
I have to get up early in the morning 
I have to get up in 3 hours and I can't get to sleep!    Is insomnia contagious?
I have to get up in 3 hours, FML 
I have to get up in 5 hours and 25 mins. 
I have to get up way early today    NITE TWITTERLAND!
I have to give away my stellacat. Im really upset but shes not happy around other cats. Today is sad 
i have to go 
i have to go  bye bye tweets
i have to go .... school... 
I have to go back into school today, sucks to be me 
i have to go back to science  bummer.
I have to go back to work tomorrow... 
i have to go check my bank but i think im broke 
I have to go dinner  Sorry friends we can talk later
I have to go for bloodwork today.  I hate needles.
I have to go grocery shopping and pay rent!!! 
I have to go in 30 mintues!!  x I will miss my Kavanagh alot. 
I have to go into town, really don't want to at all 
I have to go now 
I have to go now.  if I don't get up and motivated then ill never get done what I have to do....bbs
i have to go potty  but cnt move!!
i have to go to 5 practicez tomorrow.. 
I have to go to a granite warehouse all day to pick out counters for my beach house 
I have to go to a party which is had by my customer to even up the numbers tonight 
I have to go to bed now 
I have to go to Booz Allen Hamilton for a 2hr meeting :(  But then i get to go home :)
I have to go to garfield today  am a lil bord.....i have ti take the bus too...
I have to go to school ... too many tests today .. 
I have to go to school now 
I have to go to school.  only 8 days left. 
I have to go to school... 
i have to go to the bathroom but i just painted my nailssssss. 
I have to go to the dentist today.!  That is torture!
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow at 7:00 AM 
i have to go to the DMV to renew 4 work truck registrations   I'm such a good employee.
I have to go to the GYM  it's toooooo hot.
I have to go to the library and get some books on the bloody was  I really can't be bothered with these A levels anymore
I have to go to the supermarket.....  I hate it!!!!
i have to go to training again tonight till 9. ugh im getting tired of this! i want my summer back 
I have to go to Wal-Mart. 
I have to go to work at 5 pm tomorrow. Im sooo tired 
I have to go to work in a few hours 
i have to go to work soon 
I have to go to work tomorrow 
I have to go!!! NOOOOOO!!!  I'll tweet u later!
I have to go.  No more wifi for me tonight. I should be around at some point 2mor, but 2mor night is my Twilight party w/ @Isle_Esme!!
I have to go....seriously  See you all later, take care!
I have to have a new e-mail address    At&amp;t is making me... bullies!
I have to hit it early tonight - No RM  Have an early meeting in the morning. Hope there is no more bad news from Tallahassee.
i have to install Safari @ work, dont know what I did to them to deserve this 
I have to launch IE8 twice before it actually works. That's it. Uninstalling. Would be happier if I didn't have to reinstall  #IE8FAIL
I have to lay grass today, that sucks. Wish I could have went to A-day. 
I have to learn, learn and learn .... That's impossible .... 
I have to leave for a get-togather at a friend's place at 3:30 PM (PST) but Sir Twaha Menai will not let me go  *thinking*
I have to leave my house tomorrow , my contract ended yesterday 
i have to leave my pillow home 
I have to leave NOW to get to the Sushi Tweetup on time! Tweet @tamcdonald if you want to go, my phone will NOT let me Tweet except 1-way 
i have to make  up a drama performance, i dont want to but i have to 
I have to make a custom ordered figurine. I hate when I have to do that. Impossible to refuse sometimes 
I have to make a drs appt. Looks like i have an eye infection  first time i have been to the drs in years for something other than my mind
i have to make a fruit salad laterrrr. been abandoned 
I have to make supper....it is SO HARD to go back to everyday mundane activities after such an amazing time   boo!
I HAVE TO MANNY THINGS IN MY HEAD AT THE TIME SO I CANT SLEEP 
i have to miss out on Supernatural tonight 
i have to move to the boring old PC.... Bye bye Mac!! 
I have to mow 
I have to order something that won't have me looking like a hog.... This will be hard 
I have to pay £72 for a passport. 
i have to pee reeeeeally bad. 
I have to pee so badly. 
I have to practice my signature. Have books to sign &amp; my writing is chicken scratch. 
I have to present a 10 page book I wrote. 
I have to put away all my fall/winter stuff &amp; rearrange my wardrobe  Sigh.
I have to put in my two weeks notice tomorrow. I'm scared! I don't like to disappoint people.  Advice from the peanut gallery??
I have to rant now, but no spoilers for supernatural, torchwood, or star trek! Promise! Lol XD So, im upset about sam &amp; dean in spn... 
I have to re upload the video. 
I have to read my book !!! I'm sick 
I have to re-catch Uxie which took forever to catch. 
i have to reset my phone again! 
I have to restart Windows 7 RC every day after AVG runs it's daily scan! as Win7 becomes totally unusable! 
I have to return the car I've rented for the trip to Berlin. That totally sucks. I like driving and I miss my old car (Cookie) so much 
I have to say bye to my daddy today 
I have to say goodbye to twitterland for now. Pharmacology's waiting !! 
I have to say, I hated Brokeback Mountain, though.
I HAVE TO SEARCH FOR A JOB ONCE AGAIN THATS REALLLLLLLLLLLY BAB 
I have to see ppp =o damn, why isnt it on the internet yet? 
i have to see work again! 
i have to sell my blink chula vista ticket 
I have to sell my car to help pay for my American exchange... we had so many good times together 
I have to sell the motorcycle. I am so so sad 
I have to send my phone away because of this http://twitpic.com/7w15i and I've only had it for one month 
I have to sing Dancing Through Life. 
i have to sit in silence until about seven oclock when my brother gets home... i dont know how to work the TV 
I have to sit in the car and wait for my son while he is at football practice 
i have to sleep  ... but  i can´t :`(
I have to sleep alone. It's the first time since the end if school. 
i have to spend the night in jail and miss work tmrw wtff  wtf wtf I AM NEVER DRIVING AGAIN
I have to start getting ready in an hour 
I have to start looking for a flat. Crap, I hate this. Not to mention I'll miss the huge house 
I have to start TAPing.  
I have to stay another day in the hospital 
I have to stay up and watch my baby nephew until my sister comes back home. 
I have to stop spending money  why is everything so dam important? I think its rude and it should stop it
I have to STOP watching love movies! Makes me sad 
I have to stop watching this love movies.. They just remind me that my life is miserable.. 
I have to study 
I have to study for my exam 
i have to study for my P.A.T tomorrow! 
I have to study french ... 
i have to study maths again 
I have to study maths and history  pfff.
I have to study something  I hate school :p
i have to study today  , but first i'm gonna shop with my mom
i have to study today... and tomorrow... 
I have to study! NNOOOOOOOOOO! 
i have to study, but I'm way down 
I have to study. FML. 
I have to study....but I am tooooooo laaaaaaaaaazy!!!!! xD I hate Latin....it's the worst subject I know  I just HATE it!
I have to take better care of myself.. I'm not feeling so healthy.. 
i have to take my puppy to the vet in the morning  and yet i am still awake for some reason.
I have to tell my kids today that I probably won't be here next year 
I have to tidy my room because faith's coming.. 
i have to tidy my room its a state buuut i so cba 
@HeatherAnnP hearing you talk about editing pictures makes me cringe  lol
@heatherb84 boo.  Wish i was there. 
@HeatherBabss_x me too. 
@heatherbakker I'm so sorry sweetie  I hope it all gets better soon.
@heatherbilodeau 
@heatherbilodeau  we already did this song. lol
@heatherbilodeau ooh i'm sorry. 
@heatherbond  Will you still come on MSN ocassionally? I still want to talk to you and long distance is expensive! 
@HeatherBrown06 not fair! Just asked dad if he wanted to go tonight and he said he had work 
@heatherburdeaux poopy.. 
@heatherbxo thanks anyway 
@heathercrabtree wish you were there! 
@heathercrabtree woo hoo! Sounds like a ton of fun (that I missed out on) 
@heatherd29 aww I'm sorry 
@heatherdedona I'm jealous! Homework for me. 
@heatherfury miss you in general  sigh
@HeatherHAL it's slightly bumpy with a little white in the middle &amp; red around it. Poor guy 
@HeatherHavoc 
@heatherino I concur! my idea of a deluxe is they get the existing qualities (e.g. cheese and burger) and crank up the intensity. lettuce 
@HeatheritaVerde ima miss those duckies. And the storm commenced like 30 seconds ago here. Boo.  Woulda been a perf night for movies! 
@heatherlibby  Oh well, she seems like trouble. Christian Slater is trying to kill her at the moment.
@heatherlu i miss you too, baked beans!!! 
@HeatherLucier ah, but ya can't force perfection. neither can you fake it damnit  some shoddy posts are on the way
@Heatherlyb right now. It smells yummy. But now it's storming out. 
@HeatherLynneA Sadly, yes  Your man is now wet and bedraggled after trying to wrangle some use out of it on the walk to the office.
@HeatherM74   I missed it all.  BobbieB to the rescue!. Nah I need to go scrap with ya'll again soon
@heathermarie79 unfortunately not. in fact now he is saying it could be a guy singing it. sorry 
@HeatherMason oh my gosh!  I'm so sorry!   but glad you're okay!
@heathermriley oh i know,i had like 5 of them adding me today  #20boysummer
@Heathernews I don't think so, but you can see tons of it on MTV, just ask Emenim 
@heathernjonas oh no really  damn well how much more is it if we txt?   we would so be the life of the party  we'd be like ARCHIE haha
@heatherofficial You didn't follow me...I'm sad now 
@heatherofficial you make people drink petrol and set them on fire? Your not the person i thought you were 
@heatherreette that's it! I'm going sleep 
@heatherreette ya get a new car I miss my f 150... Couldn't make the payments 
@heathersebi98 @berryaddict getting a tweet from @st_rachel 8 hours to late to get his answer in time 
@heatherseed im goin to kelantan tomoro.. got weddings to shoot.. 
@HeatherShea long time. How you been? i've lost my voice 
@HeatherShorter wish I had something to toast with .... but all i have is a glass of water 
@HeatherTesch Another thing people sometimes forget is to have a plan for their pets!! So horrible seeing video of pets left behind 
@HeatherWelliver so sorry ... swamped at work 
@heathgerhard awwww  tea sounds just as fantastic tho, so its not a total loss
@heathwiggins I knoooow  I don't even have money for a bus eeep !
@heatworld I dont want him to leave 
@heatworld should have been wolverine guy 
@heatworld sory no clue 
@HeatXcL go to sleepp! lmao lemme lonee haha. but naa I been grindin 247 working. no time 4 tv. unless u taped it 
@heavenjones and u didnt invite me 
@heavenjones aww whats wrong my boricua sista? 
@heavenjones babe I'm not bout 2 go back &amp; forth wit u, u got issues wit trust. Until u learn 2 trust me then, imma let u be 
@HeavenLeAnn haaaaaaaaaaaaay  im kidding lol so when we gonna get drunk ???
@heavenlykevinly You can do that here 
@heavenlykevinly You go to sleeeeeeepz 
@heavensent2619 no one did 
@heavensent2619 yeah that sucks.  how did u get sick anyway?
@heavensgame I haven't been able to sync Ruggamatrix since the 3rd 
@heavensgame thanks ! found a stream on justintv, but hard with a bad connexion 
@heavyd Hey where you been??? I've been having to hold down the quotes without you. I miss my Diddly, Diddly ,Diddly D 
@heavygrinder Ruhroh. You need your ZzZz's. 
@heavyink It says that, but when I add it it says it's unavailable.  I think weird things like that keep slowing my order down.
@heavytable And they closed their location on E. Lake St! 
@heawood bugger. I was close to selling the format to DISCOVERY HEALTH &amp; LEISURE +1 
@heawood Its frickin bizarre. Is there any word on where blake is? At least in prison i knew where he was 
@heawood mummy says i have to not play on the internet now. 
@Heban ughhhh i was thinkin of going after i left the movies but wasnt dressed  whachall doing today?
@hebb I wish I could go to bed... 
@hebbybya hahahahahaha atleast im not the only wierdo in the family 
@hebyo theres nothing on free view  good news week is so boring! Rove is a million times better
@heckbeck I can't really watch cause youtube is shitty as hell on my phone  lol
@heckofchris why r we not hangin out?  tPc
@Hecquet Me thinks you'd rather have the cold than an exploding hot water bottle all over ones chest!...snif 
@hecrazyxcal You can't suck at CoD any more than I do lately. I would get on there but I need sleep 
@hectorbrossi @devilgotmywoman I liked X3 the first time around but didn't tell a soul for fear of being mocked  
@Heddyy Good morning... but aww @ your headache  I hope you feel better soon
@Hedgeepig #thingsmummysaid  ouch, that would hurt deep. 
@hedgemint 216 people, how awful. 
@Hedgewytch i always worry about that one important email that was forgotten 
@Hedgewytch I might plant an oak where the rowan once stood. I want my birds back 
@Hedgewytch was it a case of having too?? not going to get better at work 
@Hedotris1 teehee oh jezs tons ... Not ! I made a bad choice and I'm in pain !!!  but I have color now.
@heebyjeebys I fell asleep  terrible thing LOL! All better now, albeit after a lot of clicking
@heeeyitsapreeel Can't im in sd. Have fun thouugh 
@heekyung I cannot believe you're moving back to Korea.  &lt;- sad face.
@hef_a_roni @Nanette1 I have so been replaced. 
@hef_a_roni @Nanette1 what did you get today? I just filed a claim with half.com still no stats book! I just want my money back now. 
@hef_a_roni no I can't  I'll be there tomorrow ...  plus if I'm not there you will flip out :p
@HeffaGirl YES YES YES!! I love her  Wizards of Waverley Place is a good show though. You have to admit that.
@heffasaurus that's not OK. LOL! Imma gonna breast feed-It's natural- yes- but not in PUBLIC! 
@heffey7 i'm sorry mami! 
@heidi_heidi_ho I miss talking to you 
@heidi_heidi_ho omg, whyyyy? Why are you done? Nooooo. Ill miss you 
@Heidi_jackson awww  why!!!?  don't cry! (N) x
@Heidi_range Apparently, not eating through your flight + then eating within the time zone when you land prevents jet-lag! Too late now! 
Home for a few, then rehearsal all day 
home for dinner, major headache. 
Home for the night and glad to have tomorrow off... I will miss my eye candy though 
home for the night, knee is killing me 
home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him
HOME FREE! Today kicked butt!!  Im utterly exhausted. Gotta sign some contracts for upcoming photoshoots though. No rest for the weary!
home frm morning iphone mtg at 745am  now just gettin ready 4 regular work listening to genesis by justice. this song pumps me up! yah!!!!
home from @looobaa's im sooo tired! its @ainz16's fault for waking me up! i need to study for fashion  x
home from a craazy weekend 
Home from a neverending day, with a headache 
home from a relatively quiet night @ work at a reasonable time... what a relief! I've got a headache           time to chill out
Home from a very emotional day. ~We will miss you Mama Tony  ~
Home from a wonderful week in FL!! Now I am taking care of my sick hubby 
home from another typical day at the office. No email, no love. 
home from atlanta  do not approve
Home from aunty duty. Was a great day, but now I've got a terrible headache 
@Heidi94 awwz yea  i hope there are no cats where he's staying today hahaz
@heidianderson I miss that  few trees up here ad no spanish moss.
@Heidibluegirl glutton catnip fiend! I guess if I was a cat, I would be MooMoo! ha ha. Love that kitty. Except for when he hissed at me. 
@HeidiBoast aww sweetheart  just think, if we didn't have shit days we wouldn't know a good one when it happened! there's always tomorrow!
@heidichoi it rained so we didn't go, and Kat had to go to church. 
@heididarling i think its bad... like we've been forgotten  but we'll see i suppose. i sure hope this arg is real #lostarg
@heididixon why doesn't your twitter tell me where you are and why you aren't texting back 
@heidiheartshugs LOL.  I'm not!  You are!!!!!  I'm trying to be NICE to (and about) him.  The poor dear boy.  
@heidiheartshugs Well.&quot;Kinda&quot; cos that thing for me doesnt feel like work.Does that make sense?Day job today 
@heidiheartshugs wow your grumpy again   sleep well
@HeidiKris on their myspace it stands that they're in Copenhagen tomorrow ? 
@heidilady19 you're getting picked on today. 
@HeidiLiz10 its been two months since you've been on here.. you can't diss twitter like that.. it misses you 
@heidimontag  HOw come u guys never reply to me..  Been trying to call u up.. but am not able to :'(
@heidimontag  not so good... what do you do when you and you &amp; spence are fighting!? its ruining my saturday night.
@heidimontag because its easier to doubt than trust 
home from baseball game... left in the middle of the 8th... our team down by 5  ... now... back to Changeling 
Home from Boston...i want to live in a city 
Home from church- haha, finally attended my 1st Binhi meeting. My is nose still burning- damn allergie$.  Fone's back in service tho! ;)
Home from church- haha, I finally attended my 1st Binhi meeting. My nose still burns- damn allergie$.  Fone's back in service tho! &gt;;)
Home from church, again! Got a headache  guna snuggle up in bed and watch some tv
home from church. i hate the rain 
home from Download, wanting to do it all again 
home from DT, no plans  let's make some
Home from grocery shopping. Icing knee. Tore cartilage in right knee a few days ago and it's swelled up and aching right now 
Home from hobby shop early. Casual games casualty of increased standard standards. Add Xbox live maintenance, equals no gaming tonight. 
home from in-laws - helped them plant flowers &amp; installed new dock. Sad health news on mom-in-law 
home from italy. i'm so sad i'll probably never those kids again 
Home from Jack's now, can't say I'm too happy about that either 
home from movies w/ the neice nephew and bestie....my uncle might pass away tonight so plz pray for my fam  &amp; welcome home @cuddl3bunni3s
Home from my 10 hour shift that I made 30 bucks at. Debating whether I'm going back or not  @ Venado Dr http://loopt.us/edfTyQ.t
home from my trek, had tea at the T2 teahouse in macquarie ctr, interesting tea, but i didn't get to finish cos everyone wanted to leave 
@heidimontag great song heidi!! is it available on itunes yet? oh and i wish that you didn't get sick and could've stayed in the jungle 
@heidimontag I love the hills but I missed the show tonight 
@heidimontag I think in New Zealand we're a little bit behind  (in regards to The Hills) but will watch as soon as it airs here!
@heidimontag I was his VERY FIRST MESSAGE ON THAT....and he never answered me  boo!
@heidimontag if your BEST friend in the WHOLE WORLD died in a sudden car crash, what would you say to her parents?  that just happened 2me
@heidimontag Im so jealous your at the beach! I'm from crested butte &amp; we just got another snowstorm  what is your secret to escaping?!lol
@heidimontag the days nearly gone in the UK....booo!! But &quot;The City&quot; is on tonight! Nearly back to work  x
@heidimontag The Hills episodes were so sad   PS. LOVE your name
@heidimontag watching snl and then going to bed  church in the morning!
@heidimontag we don't get to see season 5 of hills till may 
@heidimontag why do you put up with him!!!!!  You should listen to your mom 
Home from Myrtle Beach...  i hate unpacking after a vacation...
Home from Nashville  Wish I could stay longer.
home from NJ. And HATING I-80 
home from NYC  I cried when I got home because I want to goback next week. uploading pictures...
home from palm springs 
Home from prom meetings..have to go in all week  boo.
Home from relay. I'm a little sunburned.  Now it's time for sleeeeeep in front of the tv while Meg chomps away at a bone. Night y'all.
home from school (: why is it when i sign on xbox everyone signs off! :O  lol Cannoeing was a laugh =P
home from school :] i thinks it will thunder and lightning later 
home from school so tired got no sleep lastnite. bruder went away today guna b boring without him  lool
home from school, I received a B+ on my last essay    at least a made a 90 on the test :/
Home from school, possibly had the least productive day ever...but now I have to write a psychology essay 
Home from school. Exhausted, feeling gross.. And I have to work tonight 
home from school.. why wont my email open ?  not going to twitter till late tonight. to much work to do xx
Home from searching around town for a cheap pair of brown shoes... Ugh, no luck!  I'll try again this weekend... Or next
Home from seeing @SkinnyJean_Band at the Powerhouse. I forgot my phone &amp; camera, but they were waiting here at home. Not like my hat. 
home from shopping with the kids, heading to M&amp;D's ...last 48 hours with my Bro  
Home from shopping. Found some very cute shoes for Soso, but non for me  Oh well maybe next time.
home from shortened Zumba class someone hit the transformer pole out in the street right in front of the gym and it knocked out the power 
Home from soccer ...it was fun lol fone died  its like my life!!!!!
Home from soccer, my toe nail fell off  it hurts like sjhudk. Shower timee..
home from sushi date. i ordered more than i could eat!   leaving super early in the morning to fly to SPI for father's day (long) weekend.
home from taking Nick home - a little lighter in pocket after being flashed by a speed camera 
home from the angel game and is extremely tired, is't looking forward to finals 
home from the bahamas  im verryyyy sad! came home last night and here at home doin nothin......
home from the beach and unfortunately going back to harrisonburg in an hour 
home from the cottage....and burnt 
Home from the dentist with K-  weather doesn't look good for camping this weekend 
home from the footy, sick 
home from the gym, upset I lost my gold J ring, I didn't even have it for 2 weeks.....  so sad
Home from the party.  Had a HUGE LOAD OF FUN THO. But I'm getting ready for tunstalls graduation now.
Home from the reunion safe and sleepy! It was a good day! makes me miss my daddy though 
Home from the sprint store my sister dosent get her phone till tuseday.. aww poor her 
Home from TOPS. Watching the CMT Music awards...first time watching without Mom. 
home from toronto...long drive  relaxing the day away now.
home from work and im SUPER tired 
Home from work at midight. Back by 830am. Must truly be insane. If was sane. Would call in sick tommorrow 
Home from work early and in bed. Been sick and dizzy all day. 
home from work tired and grumpy hadte htis time of hte month  wondered why I'd been cranky should have known
home from work today. missing the kids' graduation  fever seems to be gone though. thank God.
home from work! yay!! so tired though 
home from work, and i got a headaaachhhee 
Home from work, headed to bed shortly. I have to work another double day tomorrow starting at 7am. 
home from work, relaxing a bit, but not feeling great...maybe a party later??? not sure 
home from work, tired  footlocker is a workout
Home from work. I wonder how many calories I've burned. I've eaten 2091 calories today. I'm hungry. 
Home from work. Only saw my brother for a moment today. 
Home from work... Was missing my maddie bug   Now off to put clothes away and make our bed!!! Maybe sleep in it tonight!!!
Home from work........gotta work all weekend 
Home from work....getting back to doing these majors...another all nighter is ahead of me...so exhausted but all will be over with soon 
home from work...but had a yummy sandwich peppered turkey and jalapeno bacon=amazing! now time to go to bed and do it all again tomorrow 
home from work/team meeting, short night of relaxation 
home from workk. yuckie rain 
home fuckers. so tired, i hate you work. and no sleep in for me tmw  but ily Lake Distict &amp; my bestestness @xShellbellex xxxxxx
home had a amazing time but soooo tired 
home home homework 
Home in a few minutes. Didn't enjoy the movie. The actors acting sucked 
home in about 13 hours  gonna miss florida!
Home in bed, sick with the flu 
home in bed... i cant believe the epic trip is done&amp;over with now  HAD A BLAST THOUGH
Home in the shire, sitting around, sleeping/watchin videos, i need to get a job 
Home internet has been down all day.  Again.    #Cox
Home isn't working! I feel lost without the intranet 
home iv hurt my arm  i have a bandage on but i keep taking it off to loook at my cut and getting done now it looks funny
Home lost the baseball game by 1 friggin' point!  Now I'm gonna scrap.
Home made breakfast sausage is god's way of telling you that he loves you and wants you to be happy. Too bad I don't believe in him 
home missing her honey 
home missing the baby  @ 192nd Ter &amp; 25th Ct http://loopt.us/T-bDSw.t
home now and a Headache came with me 
home now from a long day at work. sad to see Louie go tho  he will be missed
Home now from kitten sitting, having spent time with her since Friday night I now miss her  Want kitten.
home now nd slammed my finger in the door 
Home now still no power  hope to god it will be on sometime tomorrow
home now, and the house sitter managed to not feed my birds and kill my fish. 
Home now, but I gotta work tomorrow, so it's not the weekend yet 
Home now, car still @ train station. Must be the battery but I left nothing on. I hate cars sometimes!  Esp @ midnight on a work night!!!
Home now, my dog just caught a rabbit, she is so tired. Also, the bikes gear system just fell apart! Now I'm walking. 
Home now. Some invaders have taken over my base 
home now. tired and hungry. wife's still out somewhere. sad. 
Home now. Will read some of 'we need to talk about kevin' before bed. Harrowing read so far. Would still like a cup of non sweet tea mhm 
home now...no work anymore  somehow happy that this was my last day...
home on a friday.. guess I'm gonna miss the bonfire tonight 
home on a saturday night :/ Finish packing. last night in my house 
home page says a 30min delay 
Home relaxing after a nice hot weather day off. More rain &amp; T-Storms tonite  Had another amazing time tonight with my sexy boy!! 
home relaxing!! wishing this cough would go away 
home shifting is hell 
home sick  going to doctor tomorrow
Home sick  lots of plans being cancelled.
Home Sick  mum got mad Didnt pick up the phone when she called me in a little bit of trouble lost phone @.@
home sick  should catch up on an assignment!
Home sick  what the hell???? I wonder if it'll mutate into swine flu?
Home sick ;; feeling gross 
Home sick can't teach today 
home sick from work. I feel like yucky. 
Home sick from work. I feel yucky.  This feels like bronchitis. 
Home sick today  throat is sooooooo sore.. Go away fluey tonsilitis!
Home sick today....I hate being sick. 
Home Sick with a Sore Throat  Please pray that i feel better and that God can work over me.
home sick with my younger brother 
Home sick!  really missing Arizona! So much going on in LA. Can't leave now nut as soon as I can I we me down in Arizona with all of my...
home sweet home  we'll check the surf now and have a GOOD coffee... but its raining 
Home sweet home! miss u london 
home sweet home, now to study  *sigh* yaaay....&gt;.&lt;
home sweet home. a lot of things to do today, god 
Home sweet home. And all alone.   
Home sweet home. But nowhere near tired  i dont imma get any mimiz tonight.
Home sweet home. Finally! But no ones here 
home sweet home. i didnt want yesterday to end  im too scared to watch my videos back... sounds like me and lucy are being killed :|
Home sweet home. I'm so glad I came back to warm, sunny weather. I miss my boy though 
Home sweet home. Now the beach is a bit more than 10 minutes away 
home sweet home. packing... im gonna miss my apartment 
home sweet home. Taking my car to the collision shop tomorrow 
home tired  and is kinda upset
HOME to Ohio tomorrow to see my family. So stoked, it'll be exactly what I need...  Not having a phone &amp; being sick has taken it's toll 
Home to Ridgewood for one of the last times. 
Home today on this Sunday with nothing to do! 
home today with a sick kiddo. 
Home today, really think I need a day inside to recover from this damn flu, and to hopefully shake this cough 
Home today. Not feeling well. 
home today. sad to leave the lake. 
home tomorrow boo.  had a great time, cant wait to see everyone and compare their paleness LOL. dont want to come home.
Home w/bae &amp; Myka.. He's so meann 
home wit a sickness  I don't think my new tummy likes subway anymore lol
Home with a sick girl today.  Temp of 101.    Husband working.  
Home with a sick little girl 
home with my 2 little ones whose allergies are bad and kept them up all night 
Home with this week's bounty from the farmer's market. First pattypan squash of the season ! But still no baby limas  Maybe next week.
home without my leprechaun  this pr shit better come thru fast, i miss being taken care of!
home workK  ...i hate that!.....so follow me on twitter!
Home would be nice right now. pool decks aren't comfortable to sleep on and i keep getting glared at when i use my favorite pillow 
Home!  i love my own bed but the last two days have been amazing!  i love you x
HOME! and missing him like crazy!! i hate being soooooooo far from him 
Home! But along  and my head dizzzy all over.. :S..
Home! Flight was good but my nail varnish remover has leaked and my toilette bag mirror has been destroyed 
home! For a few 
Home! from the most amazing experience of my life! miss it already 
Home! I wanted t book the court for monday but ah bee didn't reply my text  - http://tweet.sg
Home! Missed all of Neighbours 
Home! My brother is being the lamest guy ever and not letting me on the computer of his laptop! My iPods gonna die soon! 
Home! Thanks for the party lauren! It was Fabooshh!!!! And a big shoutout to the dj!... Forgot his name 
HOME! tired as bro and still buckets of homework to finish  stupid year 12
Home! Tuscany was lovely...tired, have rum. no fireflies or vineyards tho 
Home!! But I gotta be at work at 9 am 
HOME!!!!! from my back to back trips!!!! and im happy to say that im happy to be home even tho i miss my new community group family... 
Home, all afternoon 
Home, and thinking which unfortunately was the thing I didn't want to do the most!!! 
Home, at lastt grat america SUCKS i'm all beat up from the rides lol 
Home, at lastt great america SUCKS i'm all beat up from the rides lol 
home, been in the gym. training tommorow  i have no time
home, don't feel like going to work tomorrow 
home, failed movie night 
home, got to see my old frieends and old teachers 
home, hopefully napping while my poor hubby goes to work for like 2 seconds 
home, not feeling well ! 
Home, showered, pissed but better now. Night must have been better if he came  watching grey's!
home, sweet home... long weekend ahead of me 
Home, tired, but had a gooooood night. Loving awkward prom dates XD AND OMFG I MISS NIKKI 
Home, today was seriously the best day ever.. To bad its over 
Home, with a moody 7 year old in tow, gotta make dinner now for the Mr 
home.  but exney with the phone. 
home.  miss my man. is it the 24th yet? 
Home. And 
Home. And tired. Haven't slept for 30 hours. Saw a dead man in Cologne main station. That freaked me out. 
Home. Burnt from the sun today  but who cares.
home. deeply gutted. damnit FailMedia, i'm tired and i just want to watch football! eff you! 
home. deeply gutted. damnit FailMedia, i'm tired and i just want to watch football! eff you!  - home. deeply gutt... http://bit.ly/13qmkp
Home. Don't feel good 
Home. Feels like its going to be a warm day. 
Home. Going out again after.. This. Naleh. 
home. grandma and grandpa are in the hospital. 
Home. I am going to bed early tonight again. I really just gotta get out of this slump. I've been slacking. Man! 
HOME. i am so tired.  we have rehearsals pa 'til friday! i'm gonna die.  http://plurk.com/p/y4mvm
home. i gotta go and have a camera shoved in an interesting place on the 14th july. 
Home. I miss Taylor 
home. I think I left my jacket somewhere 
Home. Now I have to do work 
Home. School wasn't that boring but got loads of homework 
home. spending the day with my jungle babies before they leave. 
Home. Thank god headache is gone. Remind me again why I drank a Red Bull today? It makes me lightheaded 
Home. Tired. ChaCha is so slow and stupid tonight. Thinking of playing with the Sims...need my husband home 
home. will probably nap for an hour or so thanks to my falling asleep at work. then hopefully i can find something to do 
Home.. Happy to be home bit missing CT. 
home.. My fingers are hurting 
Home... Lonely. 
home..... go to sleep....my ears are hurting 
home...i hate home 
home...under the weather   daytime TV is crapppp
Home..ugh i dont wanna work tmrw morning! 
home: 5°C and it's been raining all day long 
home;; i wanna take a nappp 
Home?! Thank god. Passing out. I missed my Sessiiiiii tonight.   BGC4life.
Homebasics.ca have discontinued sending their mags out. I can't bring my desktop PC in my bed or out on the patio. 
Homebound...ehhh large people in elevator... 
homee ; bad day 
Homee all dayy and three prjects to do . Prob gnna do history todaaay  &amp; i was supposed to be in a pool right now fml
homee. got to see my boy. I have a really bad belly ache 
homee...with mucho dolor! 
homeee =] well great start my computer decides to freeze!  adn so im on the laptop and i have to refresh :@
homeee early! so sick. bronchitis sucks 
Homeee. I misss @LibGlay 
homeeee.. going out. ready to just relax.  stupid work again tomorrow.   texttt!
homeeee....studying for like 3 tests tomorroww 
homeeeeeeee, i NEED to pack but i cbf. i dont wanna go anymore  i will miss you melissa and ally... :'(  xxxxxxxx
Homeeeesie. Back to being lonely in SD. Having only my collection of hello kittys to cuddle up with 
HOMELESS afterJune 1st....... 
Homeopathy Kills.  I am ashamed this happen here in Australia   http://is.gd/Q4TW
Home's playing up again 
homesick for Ireland  .....four more weeks.....:,-(
homesick for nb 
homeward bound 
Homeward bound to dirty city. 
Homeward bound. 
Homeward Bound.  Away We Go was sold out 
Homework  http://myloc.me/sUN
homework  lots and lots of homework
homework  school sucks
HOMEWORK (N)  i HATE geo....
homework = Epic FAIL 
Homework again 
homework all day  gross.
homework all day  ugh
homework all dayyyyyyyyyyyy  so ready for school to be over and summer to begin (3 weeks!)
homework and revision... 
homework and studying  2 DAYS till summer. i cant wait!!!!!!!!!!
homework blows 
homework can be so boring 
Homework finally done... yay. I have my finals to do in the next couple of days then I get some time off until classes start again Monday 
Homework for summer school........ soooooooo bored 
homework homework homework 
Homework homework homework. 
Homework homework homework... gotta finish topic work   xxxxx sooooo  TTYL.....
homework is like dirty laundry. itll pile up. and then you eventually have to do it all at once. 
homework is such a drag !!!!!!! 
homework on a Saturday 
HOMEWORK on the first day.  That's very nice. :|
homework so boring 
homework then out for the day but still burnt from the beach yesterday! ouch 
Homework to do 
homework! not ready to get kidnapped for asb 
homework! The person who invented it sucks! 
Homework!!!!       
homework, that's bad 
homework, yoga, shower, sleep, class = my life...  Patiently awaiting my b-day in 18 days...
homework. because i have nothing better to do 
Homework. im freezing! 
HOMEWORK. yeeey......(not) 
Homework.....again. 
homework...boring 
Homework? Please, no!!! 
homeworkin the rest of the day  haha
homeworking alll day long  , but maybe uci baseball gamee tonightt !
homeworkkk 
homework's killing me. if it weren't for grades and exemptions on exams, i wouldn't do this. 
homeworkz 4 LYf3 
Homey missed da bus. 
HOMG PRAY FOR JOLO EJERCITO!  One of our dance X members who got the AH1N1 Flu  GET WELL SOON JOLO! :-bd
Homosexuality happens in small towns, too.  And the hate of homosexuals is there, too.   http://bit.ly/T3Vjg
homw need good weatr for tomoral so that i can go the the bach with a hottie that is gay  but hot lol and kidda likes me lol random
hon here i am, i  miss you too  
honestly cant wait for wednesdays chemistry exam to be over - getting to me real bad 
honestly doesn't know who she is going to go on feeling like this all the time but doesnt see it ending.. 
honestly don't enjoy chasing after ppl by smses ending up calling them one by one 
honestly feels like she hasn't spoken to her best friend in about six months 
Honestly I am not sure why I am still up when I have work in the morning 
honestly I may Not make it to Queen for a day. Im sorry. I forgot until I saw  a twitter for it from @kimber1y  Im sorry.
Honestly I'm done with trying to be friends with people who dont even care about you 
honestly not sure what good it does, tho. 
Honestly, I haven't been this stressed in months...my head is already dizzy and I'm feeling not so great. 
honestly, i'm more than a little bit bummed about the 5* thing 
honestly, moose. way to fucking fail. its sad that i cant even see you guys getting to game 6.  i really hope you guys bring it next game.
Honestly..am I the only one who is going insane because I have to wait till November to see New Moon? I can't wait 6 months 
Honey I'm Home! 
honeymoon's over, we've been so intimate, dearest twitter, and now you're acting all distance-y and keep things from me  miss you!
Honey's still at work  more waiting time
honey's still sick.  why am i working.
Hoo boy, this weather is stanky. If anyone wants to buy, let's say, $2000 of cones today, let me know... 
Hoofess is also sad 
hooooooooooome. resting for the long day ahead of me tomorrow 
Hooray Bank Holiday weekend &amp; guess who's working tomorrow until 1pm???  Great, NOT!!! 
Hooray for Ellie's wedding, but its the season finale. My monday nights just got a bit more dull. 
hooray for the lovely day! shame im probably spending it all inside doing work. 
Hooray! A new &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot; airs tonight! Sadly, it is the third to the last episode ever made.  #pushingdaisies #abc
Hooray! found a lost micro-marble looking for spilled Swarovski's…Boo! Olive Garden mints melted in my pants pocket—all over car keys! 
Hooray! Leaving work at 6:30.  And I didn't win an iPhone gift card   #squarespace #trackle
hooray, I get to spend the day rebuilding XULRunner! 
@heidimontag wishes she could watch the Hills, however she lives in Australia and doesn't have pay tv  Love you Heidi!
@heidipena You have migraine too?  Thankfully I don't get it so much anymore, but I'm totally out of it when it hits me..
@heidivanderlee Your life is the story of missing a character from a decades old TV show?  
@HeikoKanzler That sounds just awesome! How is the weather? Here is cold as hell 
@heiligeharmonie I was a pleased puppy. I came back to spammers needing deleted and signature wtfery.   
@heilpern I just can't get it to sound right sometimes w/sports games - too much crowd noise and bass. 
@hekissedmyhand i had to work  saddddd dayyyyy
@helahelen i feel yah. itz hard to pry myself off my bed especially monday mornings 
@Helasia leprosia leprasia, tomato tomarto ;) im pretty sure its markowicz. i fucking hate the city loop my service constantly cuts out 
@heldincontempt we have a prof. sch. nearby that is highly recom. but owner keeps telling me I can't say anything/worry during lessons 
@heldincontempt yeah, I agree  I'd agree even if I *weren't* a helicopter mom -- too old skook for me :-/
@Helen_b hello!! When it's done, most definitely a twitpic will appear! Unfortunately, I'm going to have to delay it. Lost my drawings 
@helen_bop and that marisa mauro can go use a banana as a dildo. srsly, some people are such arseholes 
@helen_bop lack of good sleep? I have the same problem 
@Helen06 looks like u had a gr8 time , i also need a big break, dont know when will tht be poss for me 
@helenaa_s Yes  Its true .. 
@helenaanneh i know!! the more i see them, the more upset i get 
@helenabrito I sowee I didn't hear the front door  I make you key B
@helencairns @marctendo @girlfromessex Howard's been auditioning for her job all series, now we know why 
@HelenCrozier Yes- It was fun to connect with her! Pls tell her hello- can't find her on Twitter. 
@helenemorse why ruined? 
@HelenGoytizolo Go to the mall? Ugh, i cant think of anything 
@HelenGoytizolo Liiikeee? I have ZERO money 
@HelenH20 ugh! Tis so warm outside too  unfair! I want to go read and pack!
@helenismint they have also all just disappeared from my followers - obviously not liking our tweets - oh well 
@HelenKitty I'm serious, of course I wouldn't make fun of you. 
@helenmirren love your work - trying to get tickets for Phedre, missed out on cinema link up 
@helennmelon thanks Helen. thanks. you're such a great friend.  LOL! im stalking the person who wrote Travis' song.. i think. 
@helenr28 hahah dont think so 
@helentaustin Aww, sorry to hear this  Thanks re: C. You take care of yourself, hope work will not be too bad, hugs xo
@helenthornber  nice pics, what you lack in quantity you make up for in quality - im failing on both counts 
@helenthornber I dunno but I used to get fruitsalads and blackjacks from the post office...we never got applejacks tho 
@helenthornber Just as well, otherwise it'd just give me even more reason to grump about all over the place! Sonic makes me feel old too 
@helenthornber wish I was going food shopping with my sis - she lives too far away for that  I'm still in my dressing gown lol
@HelenWayte Might get a few bob for the tent, not so sure about the kids the way they've been behaving lately. 
@helenwhy i see haha  what've you been up to outside of work?
@HelenWraight is hannah going as well, I only know Dom from them and only met Katherine once. Give them our love 
@HelenWraight Shit, was it a new episode? 
@HelenYoest Oh that's pretty! I didn't know there were weeping mimosas. Had a &quot;chocolate&quot; one in my yard but it did not winter well 
@helenzaltzman also, i'd like to point out, i'm not ALWAYS this nerdy. School has taken the coolness out of me 
@helenzaltzman but obviously you're the gem of answer me this! I'm forced to listen to radio 4 podcasts now you're on a break!! 
@helepon I bet my life in it.. its just our luck 
@helga_hansen Darn - I just realised &quot;pull the other one&quot; would have been a *far* better response to your name suggestion 
@helga_hansen I think laughing is the better option when possible 
@helga_hansen I'm painting today just as yesterday.  Very enjoyable. But I've just finished my last digestive. 
@helga_hansen Yes, it's a tricky one. I guess it'd be easier if you had the website up and running so at least you could sell there 
@helgaN me too come here let's have a girls night 
@helgatheweber What's wrong? 
@Helgeson26 I'm sorry 
@Helgeson26 that's not good 
@Helicoptergoes Not on mine 
@Helinacoustic I knows 
@Heliopolis yea you can change exposure +-3 points and a bunch of other cool stuff! Just long to process files 
@Helixer yeah. the dining hall at my camp just burnt down, with all of the plaques that date back to, like, the 40s, which is very sad 
@hellaelisa I'm in LA forthe weekend sorry  I wish I could go tho!!
@hellaeva OH BABY EVA! I'm sorry  wtf dicks. Thats insane, well honestly, i might be here next year so don't you worry (thanks Chem!)
@hellastoops I know 
@HellcatBetty #Poop! They are phony! Don't go there. 
@HellenBach  Sad  Did she marry at the end?
@HellenBach eh????  You mean there won't be?  Right that's it - I demand a refund 
@HellenBach have I missed another one? I turned it down cos they were playing some Carpenters muck earlier 
@HellenBach morning!  yes i wish they'd hide the peeps away that are waiting at the Paris airport its not right for them 
@HellenBach oh hells, that cheered me up no end, thanx so much.  Have a cold starting, 2 weeks before exams &amp; stepson has moved in 
@Hellendozier out and about fri night, we keep missing each other   &gt; guess we will have to wait for happy valley!!
@hellerphant ehhh xbox didnt update so no twitter or facebook  but i think its looks good
@hellerphant thats a bit far for me to travel everyday mate  oh thanks for the mw2 link i got excited..
@helleuw WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY???? I'm actually mad about that. 
@hellfish_family said to hear about what Wionna Ryder life is now. 
@HellGates through A7X fans twitter 
@hellivina @IHOPness g'knight lovely ladies. i'm sleepy now 
@hellivina She's soooooo cute!!! I know how you feel, my &quot;baby&quot; is finishing up 1st grade 
@hellivina you sounded like you needed it... people as a general rule alternately are great or can suck.. i'm sorry 
@Hello_Candy  need to talk to you! lamer
@hello_jodie I bought a magic diet potion... Hopefully that will help!  My diet has started... no good food again EVER.  
@hello_jodie I don't have an iPod... I have a Zune...avi, mp3 and mp4 files only 
@hello_jodie I was too busy staring to notice what was coming out of his mouth. And Nessa said he looked near tears when I left. Aww... 
@hello_jodie Um, I was thrown from @JareWolf's van yesterday and had to be taken to the ER 
@hello_jodie unavailable  what song was it?
@hello_jodie where has @Iam_srose been? hes starting to panic i think  nice guy
@hello_mcee I keep missing the anon posts because I'm never at home when they're active! 
@hello_mcee IDK, I HAVEN'T FOUND ANY 
@hello_mcee that is pretty annoying  ps. Adaaaam
@hello_ray thanks ko... too many exams this week, I might not see you much when you're in Perth 
@hellobaos no la! from writing random stuff. got a 4pgs article to write still. bejeweled's to relax. ha. but bad score 
@helloblaine yeah  but I think it's because I never had a job and this summer, because everyone was like loosing their job, yeah. haha
@hellocaitie I know I am sorry  I am such a bad friend! When do you work next?
@hellocaitie tomorrow is my only day off 
@helloCassini Sorry about the scoot. 
@hellocolleeeen hiiiiiiiii! love love love you wish u wer comin out 2nyt  comin gatecrashers next wednesday for jossays yeye safe bled x
@hellocuppycake no omelette today  dim sum tomorrow! FEAST!
@hellocuppycake yeah, guess we gotta wait til sometime in June 
@HelloFromAbove Yeah, I did, now it's like this huge thing that it was deleted then saved and all messed up. Poor guy 
@hellogreentea next MGS on 360, crackdown 2, L4D2, 'project natal' motion tracking crapola, molyneux makes a boy, halo: reach, no jallard 
@hellohahanarf I missed the first period making dinner too 
@helloiambilly I wana go back to britney. 
@HelloImEmilyy nm just bored in com.class  u?
@helloimhannah I woke up this morning and there were more tweets from him and from @jackATL and @riandawson about how great it was. 
@helloimjill a douche. It's unfortunate. I used to like him. But that ruined it for me completely.  it's totally unfortunate.
@HelloImPatz I can't aim on my phone 
@helloitsdan  well my thoughts differ with which version of the hedgehog you speak of!!
@hellokatzchen  Anyone who can wear Victoria's Secret must submit pictures for the rest of us who cannot. My secrets must stay secret. 
@HelloKaydi Also on a more creepy note. Found your myspace but cannot add you. 
@hellokendra Awww...  Don't let the boys get to you, girl...  
@hellokitty730 I gotta work tomorrow 
@HelloKittyRocks My weekends are the same  but I have tons of hw too! summer school ftl. P.S. http://tinyurl.com/2wrfgv HelloKitty MMORPG
@helloktjunkie ya know i have no idea. its kinda creepy but i cant stop looking at it 
@HelloLizzi i know i miss it 
@HelloLizzi now i'm all angsty.  @emilyjscott another word for headache
@hellomaybe coming today, good luck with the exam and sorry about the pens, i didnt know you didnt ask me gumu couldnt find those 
@hellomer those pictures are amazing!!!!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!!! i miss JB like crazy now  haha
@hellomollyyy Yes I did, I couldn't wait for it  I'll buy it when it comes out though.
@HelloNewWorld I cleaned it up and its not hospital bad. It is pretty gross looking 
@hellonoe budget buat makan sushi bulan ini dh abizzzz 
@helloo_kitty LMAO! I'm always on there, saw a sooper cute one for like $300  ... Read More: http://is.gd/12TED
@hellorachael Ayeee just now- I am WELL Excited but we're both gonna be away 
@hellorenee I miss Kitey Kite 
@hellorhiannon ah no, that sucks  we made sure we cooked them properly! picnics are totally amazing!
@helloshana and why aren't you online mah dear? 
@helloterrio Oh no.    Hope you feel better soon!
@hellotoni None. The perpertrator entered through my room so I checked if my super valuables were missing. Luckily non but still so scary 
@helloursula for cats we always sent them home with pain killers  Hope she will be ok
@Helloween4545 YOU LIED.......rolo.... 
@hellowhana eee...jealous nye.. 
@HelloxCodiee I'm a photographer &amp;a anime artist I wanna do your next album art  x Sir Mudkip x
@helloxcodiee it does!&amp; idk if i should wear my jstar fml shirt,cupcakes taste violence or my brokencyde 
@helloxsydney 
@helloyarn no.  They say it won't ship until after I'm at TNNA. I'm really not happy about that fact.
@Hellpanda I got tricked into coming to wrigleyville 
@hellparade what? whyyyy? 
@HellsandBells They really should deliver! I get major cravings for it sometimes but the nearest one is 20 minutes away 
@Hellsfeier I know  they were really good ones too
@HellYesJes Ew lucky! I never had a powerwheel  Whatever tho, I had the batman cave and it was huge! That's what titbelt said.
@heloise2 Don't think Ruth is a twitterer though. 
@heloloser aww, whats wrong? i'm boredd 
@HelpHealthCare I'm republican. But I think Obama is in the right direction. Just my only worry is hyperinflation. 
@helply  Thank you for helping to spread the word. We only had two foster applications this month &amp; one dropped out! 
@HelpSaveBees Saw a very small yellow bee half inch -1.5cm long at allotment yesterday bu NO camera    Will try and photograph it today.
@helsinkiwinner - sorry, baby   Wish you did.  You're welcome here any time or day you want.
@heltershelter we are in line now waiting..if only he knew!! 
@hemablokker berlin wall was fenced off where we were. no berlin wall hug unfortunately. 
@hemalshah thats quite unusual... how did u know that term??? 'Machan' ?? ;) sorry just noticing...been studyin all day, exam on Tue! 
@hemanshujain but it's not raining where I am   on the way to Pune
@hemantmehta Doing well, lots of sleeping in (yay Summer!) and reading. We need an active skeptic's group here 
@HematiteGoddess I just read that on another Twitter but don't see anny news about it. I guess it was just announced not long ago? Sad. 
@hemlines I hate it 
@hemophage I applied, but no call yet.  I tried calling, but I can't get a hold of anyone.
@HempNews 
@hen4 LOL I'm a little OCD ,not a crease in sight 
@henasraf I did not have a prom 
@hendrika25 oh lame. i was just at that beach today and missed the whales 
@hendu it's all my fault. I'm really sorry 
@Henkuyinepu it's overrated 
@Henkuyinepu yeah, apparently i have really bad taste 
@HennArtOnline I received news @Lotay can't make Vegas Monster Tweetup this Sat!  http://twtvite.com/0rfco6
@henrik Thanks Henrik! Allow me 9 days for delivery, so sorry, but new stock is coming next Tuesday, not earlier 
@henrikbjorn I'm sorry but we can't release those slides.  
@henrikoez i am not defending myself, but it was always because of the circumstances 
@henrikpaul True... now my beatbox routine will just look stupid   http://is.gd/LfqA
@HenriMitchelle sortah..this is wack 
@henry_maddocks Logging out and back in again didn't work. 
@henry_maddocks No TV for us  It's like the companies don't want our money...
@henry_maddocks not under settings&gt;general&gt;network I don't 
@henry_vargas I can't believe that Henry.  You'd think people would be decent enough to wait one minute.  Complete disregard for life.  
@henryandfriends I'm from Scotland, henry, but I've not seen aymish  Does he surf? #pussycatisland
@henryandjayne not today  up friday - you in town then?
@HenryT Glad to see California's not alone.  Proposal: Schwarzenegger/Blagojevich PPV match. Proceeds go to winner's state.
@henrytapia yeah unfortunately English is his second language  I found out here on the about page http://lastwebdesigner.com/about-me
@HenrytheCat2002 We were around a bit last night but u weren't there.   Not to worry! We'll be back this evening but not 2 late. xxx
@henrywellshaken miss you!! 
@henselnoise I'm taking refuge in my house... It's even too hot for my pool. 
@henweb the Peugeot is an ugly car 
@henz0 :eek She dumped you? Damn bro. 
@hephephooray i am eagerly awaiting your return.  lawrence has not been the same 
@hepxxx not that warm im still cold  shes gonna have no hair left soon if she keeps dying it, does she think it looks good :|
@her_heart and happy belated bday, sweetheart. I don't think I said it to you  *HUG* Or maybe I did! LOL
@her_starlight morning, ma cherie! Can you imagine, i still haven't recieved your letter!! 
@Heralupa i would have, but just installed Vista, so no go for me this weekend 
@HeraYPP O Hera.... Hera, wherefore art though, Hera?  *tear*
@HeraYPP Pfft. I have to wear socks and pyjamas now - bring back summer 
@herbadmother Almost nobody intimidates me but hairdressers? Always  That might be why I only get my hair cut about 2x a year.
@herbadmother it's really hard for them isn't it?  We've all been there.  I hate it when mine get left out too. 
@herbadmother Ohh no!    *hug*
@herbadmother That's the WORST. I still have a complex about being left out, so I know how much that hurts  I'm so sorry for you guys 
@herbalicious poor amy  hun.. Did u ever check out the books? IMHO I think the shows WAY better.. No terra mae in the book ..luvs her
@herbonestrcture    that will be ideal for me. i want to stay at home all day and rest.
@herbonestrcture meet soon ok? i have to talk to you about stuff.   are you officially discharged. oh oh don't text me. my phones dead.
@herbonestrcture what i would give for a MILK PAN... yes we should! When i get better though, which is i-dunno-when 
@herbstsonne I get called sweet a least twice a week 
@HerDesign no one I know likes boiled peanuts t.  
@here_astrid cid the guitarist of belle&amp;sebastian (stevie) answer my question in their site.oh i'm very happy,but stuart didn't answer 
@here_comes_B How was footie the other night? I am missing the games 
@here4cheer haha ya same.  Fml.  Soon it will be dead time!! 
@herecomesdomzi and what about me, huh? I'm crying. Did U forget me? 
@herefordtimes I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@HereIsJames OK lol. But none of them are in HD on iTunes!! 
@hereismyalias I freaking love when Jensen  (and Jared) speak. Can't even focus on Misha news because I'm worried about Jensen 
@heresmyhello92 We hate change, so of course. We're fans for life. &lt;3 Oh and if we haven't met Rob by then something went horribly wrong. 
@herestheemokid MINKUS, MINKUS, MINKUS............I miss u 
@HereticalNumero &quot;Mastery of the Self thru complete self-discipline.&quot; --&gt; which I'm utterly laking right now  But is something that I want
@HerEvilRoyalty awww  poo.  *nudges brother and whispers evil plans*
@HerEvilRoyalty I know it sucks  not like i could go on my xbox anyway as i don't have it with me as im at my sisters.
@HerFection I came last night and kicked it with Oscar for a second, I didn't see you! 
@herfection you were at Santos? I didn't see you 
@herfragileface you didnt reply to my tweets. aww 
@HeriCabral arghhhhhhhhh my hair  it's allllllllll I haaaaaaveeee, hehehe.
@HeriCabral would you like to call me back? or am I going to get rejected on twitter? 
@HerInteractive where are the trailers for Secrets Can Kill and Stay Tuned For Danger? 
@herlastdownfall I don't have.  But I'll just make one. 
@herlastrecord Still haven't listened to the album. Too busy 
@herlilblackbook yeah u can but it's gonna be more expensive if you do! 
@herlovehim at the krogers on heineke in miamisburg 
@hermine_ no  i really want to though, he is simply divine.
@hermitpaul I dont think so.  I have no idea who would have done it. I'm just going to cross my fingers that my insurance will pay for it.
@hermorrine  Car stereo??  I'm sorry she's still not feeling well.   Poor baby.
@hermorrine  hugs &amp; prayers for your mummy &lt;3
@hermorrine I never get weird/funny/whatever texts like those... 
@hermorrine no, it's really blurry 
@hermorrine oh....  I hope she gets better soon!
@hermzo we don't get some public holidays at uni  altho we do get 4 week mid semester and 3 month end of year breaks so I shouldn't bitch.
@hernameismarie ang plane abi k na crash? sa atlantic ocean? 
@hernameisnicki It wasn't looking too promising tbh when they were all sold out her on Friday 
@Herne2 Err... Maybe the hospital canteen don't do cakes and doughnuts 
@HeroBeth That was my entire week!! I didn't get to design once while at my GRAPHIC DESIGN job, only at home doing freelance. Sad. 
@HeroesARG Haha. I'm swamped in SDCC thoughts and drama. It's keeping me from doing work, too. 
@Heroesdieold you dont, I do. I had a horrible dream with you in it too  its like 2 and a half weeks...we're getting there chicks! xxx
@HeroesforAutism I wish I could go, but I'm in Montreal. Other side of the continent 
@heroespodcast  sad to hear about fuller
@HeroHazza NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! HAYLEY!!!  awww bubb i feel sooooo sorry for you!!!!!   love you!!!
@heroheo You mean your tablet? 8D That's awesome! 
@heroics  DON'T BE LAZY. UPDATE LJ. imeanwhat. But I do miss talking to you on AIM. 
@heroinex Aw.  That's so lame that you have to wait another two months. It comes out Tuesday here. Hahah, yeah IKR? Pizza Hut &gt; Dominos
@herojaejoong Jaejoong i want to see your movie! I'm in The USA though so it would probley be hard to find 
@herojaejoong oppa, i have a stomacache  so bad now~ and miss you so ~ may be in korean it's late. So have a good 9!! Pray 4 u everyday
@Heromancer awww I'm so sorry, it looks like i'll have to bury mine soon too 
@Heromancer here in mexico there's no movies, damn swine flu 
@Heromancer i am here Romeo! but in Italy 
@Heromancer I Can't See the video 
@Heromancer i was having that problem earlier. stupid myspace. 
@herotozero damn. D: YOU LOGGED OUT ON ME. BOTH YOU AND DEMI. 
@herotozero i want cheetos.  what kinda chips you got?
@herotozero my dance choreographer performed on ASAP and knew him and he was really sad too. 
@herotozero yeahp.  @justineville i'm gonna be so bummed out. 
@Herownself sounds good to me because my favorite vintage store in WPB closed!!  I went looking for it the last time I was home...
@heroxygen But I need you! For r-c! 
@HerrCykelpump i probably should, yeah. my finger hurts still though 
@herrolauren i was on, but i got bored, and you weren't online at all. and it made me sad all day. 
@herrowitsjess aw  Im sorry
@herrowitsjess I know 
@HerrWulf I seriously doubt it   i was all for doing so, But work is ending me today, and ive gotta be up and away for 10 tomorrow
@hersheykiss_14 got a tune up on the car. And then nothing. I been chillin. My mom went home to Houston without me 
@hesheshesh i have to go to stupid katie's birthday dinner  i want constant sms updates plz.
@HeshieSegal haha I was JUST talking about that to my colleague. I have 539 DMs, only 15 - 20 are actual messages and not spam 
@HeSoAmazin LOL! That is not true! I wish it was. my ex wore a size 13 shoe. Sorely disappointed. 
@Hessaleene I want to go to the beach with you  this makes me sad...
@hestaprynnmusic my bad. my rap knowedge is not up to par anymore i did know method man ghostface killa and odb! i feel silly 
@HesTheBestGuy OUCH andrew i thought that was just me that u kissed?  lol
@HethertonCessed nooo 
@Hetty4Christ  dont feel like that sometimes 
@Hetty4Christ  its my fav since i was little its gonna storm 
@Hetty4Christ Heather, you never talk to me, I am sooo sad 
@HeviGv ..aww thanks cuzzin :] i thought u forgot  ..hehe
@hevinbrussels  OK, that isn't any fun at all. you're right. Screw the fairies. Squirrelly winged little bastards.
@Hevvs you got yours back, and mines being sent away to get fixed tommorow 
@Hewbacca that truly sounds like the title for a book, you could make millions ! 
@Hewitttt we fail at twitter 
@Hewizzy hahahah... So true. What's Addis weather like today? Its crazy hot today 
@hexachordal i wish i could go with you  although it is not possible I LOVEYOU&lt;33333333333333
@hexapodium theteaser site countdown was shit, it led to image of riden + he insisted mgs fans buy a ps3 only to reveal an xbox exclusive 
@hexenwulf that SUCKS about no Friday the Jaredteenth    lol
@hexmurda bwhaahahhaahah I heart the game 
@hexmurda that sucks 
@hexytweets  I hate when that happens...
@Hey_Bawheed wish it was, I only had  a wee scoof 
@hey_brittany_ okay thats good lol. i miss u 
@hey_jaded somos 2 
@hey_tc Sorry to hear about your Dad. Hope things improve.... 
@HeyACupcake 50 BUCKS! Oh. My. Soul... that is beyond outrageous! 
@heyagainlando Their inability to manage money, tough job market, and they're getting behind on bills. This is why no savings is bad 
@HeyAmaretto I'm going to be in California, Diane  Wish i could be there.
@heyamberhey ahh! Are you okay bb? Feel better 
@Heyashleyhey  please don't are you coming to the birthday thingy?
@HeyAyu bg lo apaan? Gue gaboleh main komp skrg nih hahaha kalo di twitter berry gabisa liat bg 
@heyBECCA I know! I think they are... 
@heybonnie  well text me when you have it. ;) weee
@HeyBrittany33 Hey im from florida too! down in miami. i kno the feeling, i keep waking up this early and having nothing to do 
@heybrooketay WHHHHATT. whyyy.  that means alexa wont go and ill be a lifeless loser.
@heycassadee  Come to the UK!
@heycassadee aww, that bruise on your leg must have hurt.  it shall heal pretty soon.
@heycassadee aww...that sucks..  
@heycassadee awww no  x
@heycassadee awww that's so sad  i send my condolences
@heycassadee awwwh  im so sorry . i will pray for him and his family ;')
@heycassadee hey there are fakes of you following me 
@heycassadee http://twitpic.com/6bqkc - Ouch!!!!! 
@heycassadee I cheered when you supported FOB and I didn't get a kiss! 
@heycassadee I know  but I think of it as 172 days.
@heycassadee i would be there if you guys came to st louis. which your not. 
@heycassadee it's from the mask! :] sorry for the lat reply; i've had no internet 
@heycassadee sorry about that even thoguht you most probably won't read this 
@heycassadee the UK will miss you 
@heycassadee the weather may not help  you could go to the seaside!
@heycassadee when does it come out?? i dont get the channel degrassi is on 
@heycassadee wish I was going to japan!!!! 
@heychelsea and sweaty and absolutely disgusting 
@heydude1174: i knew it, dude! can't wait, no transformers tonight  but most definitely housewives reunion
@HeyEllaMarie you're a killer!! 
@heyennovy haha we had balcony seats  not that great. there's a giant dragon thing that has glowing red eyes and moves its wings!
@heyennovy seriously?! LOL my mom said she didn't even notice until I mentioned it to her 
@HeyErnie just after send you my request for an invite, got a msg from @playspymaster with a bit.ly link, which is down   #crying
@heygayjay ahahaha your so cute! i miss you!  you coming to sway sway?
@heygillian hahah gii, you make me sound so pathetic 
@heyheybeth I can't keep it pg sorry  @audaciousaubrie you better love me
@heyheydoodle 
@heyheydoodle Lol, unfortunatley, it was a no. 
@heyheykarla I'm sorry about your car. I feel for you... 
@heyheyrain I've been replaced 
@heyheyybonaaann That was sexy! And sad.  They shoulda kissed! Sniff!
@HeyImMae section 128  but you better come see me lmfao
@heyimsam omg, that part made me cryyyyy! 
@HeyitsAllyssa I would love to buy you pizza next door but I'm making oatmeal now  blahhhhhh
@HeyitsAPRIL lol yea! I keep thinking about what we're doing next lesson or what we're doing at lunch then I realise that it won't happen 
@heyitscessie ...my grandmother's funeral. 
@heyitsdexter we made a stop at superautobacs    lol.
@heyitsjuuli @inashlalaland i think we all feel the same, they BOTH were really wrong. Joe for what he said &amp; Nick for he sang with 
@heyitsjuuli 'cause i'm melancholy, just beginning to need him a lot, you know who im talking about 
@heyitsMade : I have no idea, I'm using web now :p TweetDeck won't work? 
@heyitsmae that is sad. Hope its not me we don't have to do that fun stuff 
@HeyItsMandyy i wanna be awesome 
@heyitsmm when do classes start?  Please tell me sa 8.
@heyitsnicolee i didnt wake u up 
@HeyItsNikx I'm willing it, i swear.  Parents concerned abt weather and swine flu. O.O
@HeyItsNikx That sucks 
@heyitsrico omg was thinking the same thing in my study break. But with a faster car 
@HeyItsRiley  can you switch shoes? I'm sort of glad now that flats don't come in my size
@heyjeanna how long did your update take? mine is taking FOREVER. it says 30 minutes remaining. 
@heyjeanna i feel like i haven't seen you  and your sis in forever.  me no likey.
hooray, off school early. Disasterous chemistry exam though. I might have to resit 
Hooters wings suck. I was craving chicken and was horribly let down. 
Hop Up Out The Bed..... LOL, I'll be glad when summer schools over, wait no I won't then fall semester 
Hope &amp; Bo from Days Of Our Lives are in Melly and i cant go see dem  lol
Hope @americanapparel survived the quake. Hope we still have the option to wear deep v's. Crew necks would just not be the same 
Hope @monsieurlebun is feeling better soon! Wednesday isn't the same without him 
Hope @papagoth @mommagoth and @cthulia are ok, as there's a HUGE tornado just north of them in INDY, heading their way http://is.gd/Kh4g 
hope air france is found  
Hope all is well with everyone, Hey! I sure with we would get some RAIN!!!!, Just joking. I have seen enough rain. Recking US Open Golf 
Hope all my F1 Twitter friends enjoy the race tomorrow. B/c of taped-delay in States, won't be tweeting with you all tomorrow. 
Hope all my friends in the DC area are ok.  And that this accident doesn't have many more added to its death toll.  
Hope and pray the 50+ Pilot Whales beached on Kommetjie Long Beach will be saved. 3 have already died. 
hope everybody has a great time on the canoe trip!  so sad I can't come 
Hope everybody has a nice Sunday. It's gonna be raining here so sucks for me 
Hope everyone had an AWESOME weekend... Gone too soon... Monday here we come 
Hope everyone in my department still has a job in July 
hope everyone is having a brill may bank holiday weekend, looks like a nice day outside....bbq anyone! i know my fam r havin 1 later 
Hope Everyone's Day is better than mine... 
Hope everything will be alright in Nepal 
Hope evryone has fun at #pawpawty today. Mollyd has to take care of her grandma so no pawty for her 
Hope his show doesnt move to fridays tho. Whats gonna be on telly on saturdays then. 
hope i can do my exams a week early or i cant go to sydney 
Hope i can get an mc otherwise i have to write a paper! 
hope I can get off work early today...this headache is really killing me 
Hope I can sleep tonight...LOL!!! Love the beating heart, but I have a very difficult exam tommorrow 
hope i can work past my rather dismal conscious right now though seeing another of my aunts dies last week my dad told me today. 
Hope I didn't drive all the way to Brentwood for no reason 
hope i do something fun today.. i need to get out of the house 
Hope I get a job cuz we need an apartment. I'm drunk &amp; miss my lil punkin  TEHE!!!
Hope I get my job at Sears, the anticipation of my interview is killing meeee! Only ....3 days to wait for it! The economy sucks 
Hope I have a great weekend but for now I'm at home!!! 
Hope I have everything I need 
hope i won that take 40 live lounge comp...but i think some megan chick won it 
Hope if someone had gifted me the new iPhone 3GS.... 
hope I'm not really what I eat. I'm eating almonds..which would mean I'm nuts  . Good Night All!!!
hope it doesnt rain! 
Hope it int my parents on the missing flight!! 
Hope it rains really don't want 2 go 2 a soccer game @ 5:00 p.m.! It is going 2 b so HOT!!! 
Hope it syncs with my ipod or back to outlook express for me! 
Hope it won't be boring 
Hope it's going to be like this for T in the Park 
Hope kojima's teaser reveals a new metal gear solid, just hope it's not for PSP, or I'll have to buy one 
hope my brother doesnt go to bed soon cos then the internet will break and ill have to leave 
hope my doc can fit me in- dermato.is making me wait a month?!? wtf- my armpit skin is burning  i hope its not serious  OWww
Hope my flowers make it 
hope my folks are ok 
Hope my friends who work for BA keep their jobs.. 
hope neil gets well soon  8 days since since college reopened n he's missed 5...
Hope no one I personally know reads this but ahh..had the best pseudo date ever...so romantic, so sweet, so perfect, they are so attached 
Hope Not Hate site says BNP have gained another seat in the North West... 
Hope not tomorrow strike in Kathmandu! Today everything closed, not good 
Hope not too much blood will be shed in Iran. Freedom can be expensive though  #iranelection
Hope our villa in Byron has decent TV - British GP is on 11pm local time, this would be the first race of 2009 I'd miss! 
hope paltalk is fixed soon  its the weekend!!!! dam u paltalk
Hope prin get well soon. 
hope 'seizures' is better than 'generation why' - c'mon kisschasy. ps - thought i was having a bad day, then bad news made it even worse 
hope solace had a good gig 2night... sick i couldnt go 
Hope someone played $689 Brisbane Cup $1 trifecta I picked on my blog; I didn’t  What a moron!
hope something good is on the tube tonight. no softball tomorrow  gotta figure out something else to do.
hope that complaint is not for me. I have to train someone all day. No time to actually do work 
hope that guys ok 
Hope that Jeff Archuleta is all-fine!  I pray for the family.
Hope that tethering works with Vodafone after upgrade to iPhone OS 3 on 17th. Internet troubles at home for 5-10 days approx 
hope the airfrance jet turns out okay  sounds like Oceanic flight 815 :o
Hope the day will be smooth...just want to be home in my bed and relax...    
Hope these damn Air Yezzy's are worth it!! I'm dying in this car. 
hope they find air france!! 
Hope they find the plane  How sad! http://tinyurl.com/l9388r
hope they won't play Slipknot, or @XDTamlyn will be quite disappointed, that she missed it 
hope things get better 
Hope this day goes by fast. I hate working late! 
Hope this plane arrives  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8076848.stm
Hope this rain stops so I can cycle to @fuzu rehearsal. Not likely, methinks 
hope this tanning gel works 
Hope tips are better tomorrow and Sunday than today...$15 so far 
Hope to #e3 tomorrow. I am leaning on people to drive me there and home, so parties seem impossible, but hopefully still see friends 
Hope to God the school make me a prefect - I couldn't stand it if they turn me down for THAT as well 
Hope to see the Peace in my Homeland IRAN 
hope today will be rainy 
hope tomorrow everything get better 
Hope u had fun tonight  ... Bout to pass the fck out!end of story 
Hope ur all havin a nice Friday! Been feeling down this past week since my dog's passing... 
Hope ur friend is ok...I'm heading home from yoki's. Gotta work in the morn... 
Hope wife will recover soon 
hope you feel better mommy  I love you :X
Hope you guys appreciate all this commentary on a baseball game involving two teams going absolutely nowhere at the speed of light. 
Hope you guys are having fun. I'm sad i couldn't be a part of the crew 
Hope you guys upload heaps of gorgeous pic's of Rob Pattz @ the MTV awards.. No where for poor lil' me too watch them here 
hope you have a good time lol  i wish i was away lol i love gossip girl too  XOXO
Hope you'll response to us.  If you'll going to response, we really very happy! Haha. We love you Archie!
Hope your day is spent having laughter and fun with your family! I'm working and miss my son terribly ... 
hopefully 
Hopefully a half day today. Yaaaay. I miss mike 
Hopefully coming in late. If not staying home sick 
Hopefully denver can pull this out but the lakers are looking tough! 
hopefully doing something fun today to take my mind off thingssss..... RIP uncle dave, miss you so much already &lt;333 
hopefully everyone has the green light for tonight. 
hopefully hanging with Dave 
Hopefully I can sleep tonight, I'm working off of 3 hours of sleep and need up at 430 am tomorrow  BOO!!!
hopefully i get a gud grade on the regents!!!!!!  R.I.P. Christopher Ryan Kubiak 8/7/91-6/12/09
Hopefully I get an email soon...I hate waiting 
hopefully i get to see my friends on thursday i miss them 
hopefully i'll be getting a new cell phone soon! But I NEED to finish the school year well 
hopefully i'll get some videos up.. i recorded 4 today, but idk what happened to them.. 
Hopefully I'll recover soon. I hate being sick! Pfssshtt! 
Hopefully I'll stick to my weekly plan. 
hopefully im getting my new windows tomorrow. still using my mums lap... birthday tomorrow eve and facebook doesnt work somehow. 
Hopefully I'm not getting sick. Bunch of ppl from work were sick last week. Now I'm getting a sore throat 
Hopefully I'm not late to field trip... Womp womp 
hopefully just got a babysitting job for thursday morning yayyy but no six flags anymore  you cant always get what you want
Hopefully lots will get done today because my momma and daddy are leaving me tomorrow 
Hopefully my laptops power cord is shot, or else something is screwed. 
Hopefully my neck heals by tomorrow or else I have to go to the chiropractor   goodnight!
hopefully odu will accept my app. 2 days late 
Hopefully one day this summer I'll actually sleep. Stupid migraine 
Hopefully Ra will convince Nut to make it stop raining.  My backyard is a mud pit and I have to park in a lake 
Hopefully still has a computer 
hopefully this rain isn't going to be another storm 
Hopefully this tylenol pm will help me sleep through the night 
I have just started listening to Spotify - Should i upgrade and miss Roberta?? 
I have just voted for the Teen Choice Awards it was soo hard  But i Did It  And i will do it everyday 
i have ketones. damnit. i hope no school, i feel sick. 
i have kidney stones.  ouchie
I have killed my ankle, to the maxxx. It even hurts now, and I'm lying down?! 
I have killed my Living Salad.  
I have Lady Ga Ga's song stuck in my head...please don't judge me!  I know its bad 
i have laryngitis 
i have less followers than ppl i am following 
I have less than a wee with him. Then he leaves to tour the country 
I have like 200 math problems.  I want to go to the chavacano tomorrow with my mom and tia, but i probably won't.
i have like 50 guitar picks and i lost them all. I set the guitar in one place but i seem to set the pick in the dumbest places 
I have like a hundred things I want to show off, but none of which are complete yet...  Fuck. Time travel would be rad right now.
i have like magnets taped to my veins... supposed to help with my stomach pains... all it did was make my veins really blue. 
I have loads of beautiful shoe tweets planned, but hardly any followers 
I have looked at other people's updates and they have about 1000 and they haveb't had theirs as long as me and I don't even have 200! 
i have lost 4 followers  bitches!
i have lost a lot of followers  why people?
I have lost my desk somewhere in my storage closet 
I have lost my spark and am in a slump. It does not feel good 
i have lost my twofavorite freinds and i do not know why?? what i did said or what . kindred spirits gone. sorrow sorry  x
I have lost the ability to lie in 
I have lots of errands to run today and it's the very last &quot;The Hills&quot; with Lauren!   So sad!
i have lots of thing to be done 
i have lotssssss to do 
I have loved the sun this last week, shame work starts again 2moro 
I have mad butterflies. Yiiikes. 
i have to turn my device updates off, since they will surely annoy my dad the whole day tomorrow...he's taking my phone 
i have to turn my laptop in today   *tear*
I have to twitter because I can't facebook 
I have to unfollow some of you, okay?  I'm sorry.
i have to use one of those prepackaged wedding websites and they are all disgusting.  wish i knew how to make one.
I have to wait EIGHT more hours to watch the awards.. not reading any tweets until then.. 
I have to wait for the sims 3  Bloody living in Australia @TheSims3 next game can you release it here at the same time? Ta Thanks
I have to wait two more weeks for my phone. Lame 
I have to wait until I get home to watch the New Moon trailer clip. Stupid work Internet access restrictions 
I have to wake up in 4 hours to drive to Washington for a promo shoot. This deserves more than just a sad face 
I have to wake up in 7 hours  !
I have to wake up in less than five hours, omg. boo work. 
I have to wake up in like..5 &amp; 1/2 hours. 
I HAVE to watch Superman, but I don't want to 
i have to wear a nice shirt for this thing.  and pants  shoot me now
I have to wear another heart monitor 
I have to wear my friggin glasses today. 
i have to work 1-10 again tonight  this sucks to no end. i hope i don't snap on someone...
I have to work on Canada Day 
I have to work pretty much all day 
i have to work today   too tired to deal with kids for 4 hrs....
I have to work tomorrow   Sunday orientation sucks!!
i have to work tomorrow and it's supposed to be my day off 
i have to work tonight 
I have to work tonight   But yay for figuring out how to get twitter on my phone!
I have to work without my belt on  my pants r gonna fall!
i have to write a page report over a artist for art by the end of the school year! this sucks  i have 5 days to write it.
I have to write my exam today ... but i really have no concentration today ...  University VIDEO http://bit.ly/TKCco #iranelection #tehran
I have togo now  But.... my desktop has dissapeared and now only that comes up is my documents... i will tell my mother tomorrow... eek D:
I have Tonsalites 
I have too many books...I just went through them and got rid of over 100 today. Can't bear to part with any more. 
I have too many mosquito bites on my back.. really irritating 
I have too many things to do and there's no enough of me to do it 
I have too much stuff to do, I think the bank is my main priority - but i cant be bothered one tiny bit 
i have TOO much to do 
I have too much to do today 
I have too study really hard for exams  &amp; I have a big project due in two days.. UGH!
hopefully this works my phone still messd up bae so dont think im ignoring you and me and my momma got into it 
hopefully today won't be so bad 
Hopefully tonight will go by quickly. 
hopefully we get more shows 
Hopefully, FINALLY, Hanging out with Cassi today...I really need my bestfriend. 
Hopeing it doesnt rain in the first half of the day tomorrow since we will be outside at a concert 
hopeless 
hopes aiu ratna will be the garasi's vocalist again  http://plurk.com/p/xauwa
Hopes all our friends in DC are okay, and sorry to read about the subway crash  http://bit.ly/SLYm9
hopes baby friend (@Melisskay07) is okays!!!!!!! just read a bunch of status messages on fb.... *sad panda* 
Hopes Dentsu will reply me  I want Dentsu so badly!
hopes farrah fawcett is kicking ass and catching bad guys with style in heaven as she did so well while she was here on earth 
hopes he will reply my message  http://plurk.com/p/127n4w
hopes her Forever 21 package did not go missing 
hopes her headache goes away before the cinema this evening 
hopes her mom finally gets a dog, but i have to answer kgb texts so i didnt get to go to the humane society 
hopes his throat is better today! Was sore all day yesteday 
hopes holiday will end soon ... boring  http://plurk.com/p/yueko
hopes i dont look like a pumpkin in the photos, and to my eyes, i hope you were open. 
hopes i get to go to memphis!!!!! but my parents are tryin to be complekated !!!!  
hopes Jonathan's visa gets approved very very soon, so I can buy the IPhone already!!!   http://plurk.com/p/rcb52
Hopes lil richie gets better after the ballon was taken out 
I have many homeworks... Aaarggh... 
I have meeting at 8:30am tomorrow 
I have meetings tomorrow  oh no! Boriinngggg!
I have Misha running the auction... and a lot of Misha anyway... then my battery died  I missed when Jared joined Misha on panel 
i have missed Pushing Daisies so much. so depressed that this is 1 of the 3 very last episodes. 
I have mobile insurance, not sure it covers me being an eejit though. 
I have moneylets see year one! I wish 
i have more dan 1000 feelingz down my heart...bt m unable to tweet dem all here....ask me.its paining.  m cheered up but upset.
I have more gallbladder induced vomiting before 6:20 am than most people have all day!  And it tasted like 1000 island dressing. 
I have much grains, i'm scared 
i have much to learn 
i have my bio final today 
i have my candles lit on my bedroom wall..slow music playn! while im taken a candle light bath! im really missing DADDY right now..  
I have my first exam 2moro 
I have my fucking speech to work on tomorrow! what a waste of a day 
I have my headphones on and a book out, yet two people have felt the need to small talk 
I have my HUGE List and and Iced Mocha.  I am ready to go run errands   It will be forever before I am home.
I HAVE MY ICE CREAM!! yeii! but it doesn't have the extra caramel  but it tastes good anyways 
i have my little toes the size balloons.. theyre all swollen and blistery and i just wore flat pumps! 
i have nasty blisters from last night 
i have toothachee 
I have totally been slacking on my work notes  I hope I don't get into trouble!!!
I have totally underestimated the amount if work I've hgot left so I should really get out if bed and do some 
I have training 2 hours away this morning  I have to get my but moving...yikes
I have treated myself to an Archers &amp; lemonade, now I am refraining from treating myself anymore... too much to do tomorrow! Shame 
I have tried to follow 4 new ppl and its not saving to my twitter?? 
I have tummy ache 
I have turned into a fast food whore 
I have tweeted @shmanders in so longggg. I miss you 
I have two &quot;kings&quot; in my name... still don�t know where the queen is� 
I have two aches 
I have two files that call the grim reaper when saved with CygnusED. Have to find the cause. Not allowed to send the files in bugreport 
I have two Joystiq contests bookmarked (one entry per day) and I forgot to enter them today.  Boo-urns.
i have two kittens now. white and black. miu has a new child. i dunno how to named it.. any cute name for them? 2 names  for cats
I have two very big bug bites on my legs... 
I have two wrinkles in my forehead that are freaking me about!! How do I combat these early signs of aging/evidence of ill-personal care? 
I have until Friday to decide. Thing is, if I do that I don't start until September 
I have very few time to tweet these days 
I have waited for long time just to find out that it will only disappoint me.. Sad!!! but i cannot do anything about it 
I have waking-up-too-early-in-the-morning sickness. 
I have Wall-E and no one to watch it with, fix that please 
I have wasted a whole night youtubing past Britain's Got Talent auditions when I should have been working on design project. Fail 
I have water in my ear since last night's shower ((((((( tried home remedies to get it out, and nothing is working  any ideas?
I have water stuck in my ear. 
I have water stuck in my ear.   It won't come out.  
I have way to much files on my laptop ;( this is gonna take forever 
i have wayy too much to do today 
I HAVE WET FEET   damm you garden!
I HAVE WII ARM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have woken up with a really painful sore throat  And had the most messed up dreams about creatures who were hunting me down??
hopes lots of water will flush h is system of badness 
hopes Milo (the cat) is ok...... been missing for 48 hours now  http://plurk.com/p/yykrd
hopes Mindy doesn't kill him tonight 
hopes mom will be alright 
hopes mr.allison doesnt kill me, cause i didnt finish my review. 
Hopes my dads okay 
hopes my hubby feels better soon.. he had a root canal today 
hopes my kids learned today what NOT to do for Mother's Day in the future 
hopes our big teddy fad is okay.. 
Hopes people from the Air France plane will be okay. 
hopes she can answer her stupid vocabulary quiz later. uwah!  http://plurk.com/p/12cwz3
Hopes she can find an outlett for all the love she has built up 
hopes she can find No Doubt tickets.  http://plurk.com/p/y5ri4
hopes she can still go out this weekend :S eeeep! im scared!  
hopes she gets into uni 
hopes that all ships going or coming out of North Korea are thoroughly searched. You can bet they have 'something' incriminating on them. 
hopes that he develops a better way to deal with his anger in these situations before he has an aneurysm. 
hopes that katie and peter get back together!  x
hopes that my rock n roll trivia team Super Mario Speedwagon is kicking butt tonite @mercylounge. Sorry couldn't be there. 
Hopes that no more weird dreams tonight. Have to get up early tomorrow! 
Hopes that si Munab is okay. 
hopes the Davids come back.  http://plurk.com/p/ui9ny
Hopes the dentist will sort out my toothache today 
hopes to buy that stupid jacketttttt!   http://plurk.com/p/ywept
hopes to get some sleep later or she'll pass out at church..God forbids..  http://plurk.com/p/yyizt
hopes to have at least everything okay this week...  http://plurk.com/p/sxmhc
hopes today is the eighth month  http://plurk.com/p/10ztfc
hopes Victor is okay. Please give an update Matt. 
I have never been annoyed by Hugh Jackman til today. I wanted the Wade post-credit clip! 
I have never been more UNREADY for these biology exams tomorrow 
I have never been so hungry 
I have never been this bored. 
I have never felt so sick in my life 
I have never had a Starbucks coffee in my entire life, people keep making me jealous 
I have never had one!!!! We don't have one in CG   Don't forget to get your wine!!!!!!!
I have never heard the TV Emergency guy ever do anything but a test.  Tornado warnings are scary!  
I have never played so horribly  No wonder it cost $8000 just to play the gig lol
I have never procrastinated this bad before. Never! ahhh 
i have never wanted my lil civic soo bad 
I have no access to my facebook account. It's stuffed up!  
i have no bacon and no baps - bad times 
I have no cable.  All this talk of #MTVMovieAwards is making me mad. 
I have no car!! but i'm not the only one, John and Tim make me feel better, now should i ride my bike to buy fabric softener sheets? 
I have no clue who won, i just know that i could not fall back to sleep.   Another day begins on a high note!   LOL  
I have no credit. 
I have no email at the moment due to a problem in Alderney 
I have no followers!! 
i have no followers!!!!!!! 
I have no food and no money with me  fuck
i have no food and real hungry 
i have no friends  booHOO
I have no friends to hangout with tonight  someone text me.
i have no friggin idea how to operate twitter from my phone... i wanted to comment back to nat 
I have no girlies to come with me shopping tomorrow   I HATE when people bail on me.
i have no hand at luck. i lost the jackpot. sad day 
I have no help in planning my daughters bridal shower  that sucks
I have no hot water!  Had to wash my hair this morning after a desperate greasy situation and nearly froze to death.  Bad times 
I have work in 4 hours and and I haven't been to sleep yet and I can't get to sleep 
I have work in the morning   I hate working Saturdays.
I have work laterr 
I have work pretty soon 
I have work tomorrow. Not good. 
I have work tomottow and im slightly drunk. uh oh  lmao ata l.eats it was work people i was out witrh so they know yayayayay.
I have work... LOTS of work... LOTS &amp; LOTS of work...  I don't want to do it, school tomorrow... some save me!!! Please!!!
I have worked one day... just one and I'm already dreading going back 
I have wounded feet. 
I have writer's block and it's starting to bug me. 
I have yet to finish watching the last 4 episodes of Cinderella Man. I can't find one with an English sub from my favorite torrents 
I have yet to get my iphone! I am sooo behind in the times! My kids have better phones than me! That's just sad! 
i have yet to see the hangover. i want to soooooooooo bad. maybe on sunday i'll go with my brother? i miss him a lot 
i havee a headachee  watchinn the 5 heartbeats w. my momm
i havee this icky feeling that im about to be sick 
I haven't a clue why, but my reception is shit tonight at Darien Lake. 
I haven't ate all day 
I haven't been able to get the internet anywhere 
I haven't been able to sleep in on the weekend in about a month now   gearing up for another busy weekend...
I haven't been able to watch TV the past week  And now it's the weekend I still have lot to do.
I haven't been asked to prom yet 
i havent been home since 8 
I havent been home since xmas break. lm a lil homesick  Faith.Hope.LOVE
I haven't been keepin up w my twitter lately n I feel so bad 
I havent been myself since feb, when am i going to feel like everything is okay? 
i havent been on here for a while coz i didnt remember my password GRR  anyways but m back on now so that must b a plus
i havent been on here for ages! 
I haven't been on here in 3 days. Time to see DWTS? Nope, all over.  Time to see AI.  Nope, all over. Time to see Bachelorette? Not yet. 
hopes you will read this. I will miss you!!! 
Hoping Abby stops limping. Poor thing plays to hard and pays for it for days after 
Hoping and praying tonight will ne the night my kitty comes home  she has been missimg simce friday =(
Hoping F1 sort  out their differences and sort their shit out, imagine no F1 at places like Silverstone, Imola &amp; Monaco. 
hoping for a good day.. not staying in today no matter what!! had a good bike ride last night. was so tired couldnt even eat my lasagna! 
Hoping for the rain to clear. Thinking some breakfast sounds good. Still have to deal with last nights dishes. 
hoping I can get my voice back before work tomorrow...being a camp counselor without a voice is difficult...and painful 
Hoping I can give the ferrets a better home besides my house, I love them oh sooo much 
hoping i can see lizzy again today.. probably not though 
hoping i don't have to run for the basement. 
hoping I don't need a new seatbelt. Pricetag if I do? $415 and a new effing car. 
Hoping I just have food poisoning and not something worse 
Hoping it stops raining one day 
Hoping it'd be a bit warmer out today. I guess no beach tanning for me 
Hoping Megan is having a good birthday and wondering where everyone is 
I have no idea 
I have no idea how I'm going to improve my practicing....I am so lazy 
I have no idea how long e bus journey took but i've finally reached changi village! I'm freaking tired now.  - http://tweet.sg
i have no idea how to get onto the public timeline  makes me feel kinda anti-social 
i have no idea how to use twitter  how do you make friends :S
i have no idea that my class was moved earlier today, ending i was absent. 
I have no idea what the hell I'm doing  gahhhh
I have no idea what to buy my mom  Any good ideas?
I have no idea what to do and its 2 days away and the majority of my friends have work or on summer vacation.  I get sad.
I have no idea what to get my dad for fathers day 
I have no idea what's going no right now 
i have no idea whats ok an not ok to take on a plane  lol im goin to get stopped i jus kno it! ew. guys with rubber gloves (mentalpic)
I have no idea who those blokes are  @DCbigpappa @dandyscopic  @wrhunt @downtheticket @DCBadger @jwtrautman  http://pikchur.com/aD9
I have no idea who's going to win #britainsgottalent  nail biting stuff!
I have no idea why but I'm missing someone big time right now.  I'm so hopeless... Anyway time to go to bed. Nights...
I have no idea why I was so surprised that my phone recieves calls??? Freaking out. Apparently I'm sick 
I have no idea why I'm awake right now 
I have no idea why I'm awake this early 
i have no idea why my back i so painful. 
i have no idea wtf im doing 
I have no internet on my computer.. Love life 
i have no internet to check my mail before bed and i cant sleep because i have major hicups 
I have no interwebs at work. Twittering via phone all day costs too much 
i have no money 
I have NO money to go to broad apetite.  i'm depressed.
I have no more stuffed dog samples in my office... 
I have no more texting...  but on the bright side this class seems very easy!
i have no nice clothes to wear  FAIL
i have no one to go to greenday with   none of my friends want to go
I haven't been replying to people because seriously, I haven't refreshed twitter for a while. @ZindelaYentl Sorry.  @erinmcfly Thanks. 
i haven't been sick of IRAN so much! that a shame cause i was born and raised there.... HATE THE GOVERNMENT 
I haven't been this tired in years   We are delirious and going to bed in the next 30 minutes.
I haven't been to a caching event, period.  This is our first full summer of it!
I haven't been to the pool yet this summer.  lol hopefully i will today!
I havent ben on here n a while...  sorry but im bac now so hit me hup
I haven't blazed in 3 days.. Roughly 210 days more to go.. 
I haven't bought anything to pamper myself in a long time.. what's wrong with getting an iPhone just to make myself happy.. 
I HaVeNt CrApPeD OuT My PiErCiNg !!! 
I haven't done any apple blossomy stuff. 
I haven't done my maths homework yet. I've been too busy and i forgot about it. And now i am stuck with having to find my maths text book 
I havent even been on yet today *gasp* and now Im off to daughter's ballet recital then work tonight.  I miss you guys 
I haven't even got enough energy to put my shoes on, let alone work till 8 tonight 
i havent felt well for a week and i have to start work tomorrow 
I havent got decent sleep in dayss 
I haven't gotten a txt all day 
I haven't gotten any twitters since, like, one. Why ? 
I haven't had a Dr Pepper is almost 4 years 
I haven't had a good sleep in years  #squarespace #trackle
I haven't had a Slurpee in a while. Don't need that bullshit, just want one. Being health conscious can suck at times. 
i haven't had chinese food in forever 
I haven't had chocolate in so long that I'm rejecting the one chocolate shake i just drank  trying to sleep it off
I haven't had lunch yet (it's 16.34) 
i havent had my first kiss yet  waiting for the rite guy (go ahead laugh at me...) haha #randomfact
I haven't had my phone all day 
I havent had the pleasure of over night to monrin pussy either  i feel like im slackin
i haven't have had an weird kiss yet  ..all were damn romanticaly hot.. #twpp
I haven't heard anything about him in years.  why did he break up with you?
Hoping my baby comes home soon 
hoping my baby made it through the surgery okay 
hoping my earache stops before i try to go to sleep. i don't remember having them as a kid, but seem to get them a lot lately. 
hoping my little lady is OK at nursery.  She was a poorly lady this morning 
Hoping my neice feels better soon. Summer is NO TIME to have a broken arm 
hoping my new kitten is well - as she isn't eating or drinking - hopefully just stress of a new place 
Hoping my puppy gets better!!! She had to go to the doggie ER last night 
hoping not to get strep throat! 
hoping on my bike to return some movies that i didn't watch! diana is gone  sad, 17 days until she comes home!
Hoping RadRails eventually resolves this bug.  I'm thinking it's an AST/Parser Leak. Had to ditch Eclipse.  http://tinyurl.com/lrx53e
Hoping Space Shuttle Endeavour launches, but so far fueling is delayed due to a storm on the launch pad  http://tr.im/oK1H
Hoping that #Sheffield doesn't see any flooding today, left the house with t-shirt and shades on 
Hoping that I dont have to make a trip to the hospital for the boy and his fever 
hoping that one day i will be able to go on dates with my 26 year old boyfriend without his parents... 
hoping that our Brooklyn Metrostars don't suffer like Arsenal did today   1-4.  Gah!
hoping that sleeping will take away the pain in my ladies... 
Hoping that the headache I'm about to go to bed with isn't still around when I wake up tomorrow. 
hoping the bathroom sink arrives today, getting annoying trying to use the current one which has a hole in it 
Hoping the enormous amount of money I've just spent on make-up is worth it come wedding day. Nickel allergies are no fun 
Hoping the night goes by fast.  As of now, it is not  #fb
Hoping the rain stays away so I can be outside...car needs a good cleaning out. Water off in the house, can't do dishes or laundry. 
hoping things will get better! 
hoping to actually get some sleep tonight and not be tossing and turning half the damn night 
i have no one to go to happy hour with! boo so sad me 
i have no one to go to the movies with 
I have no one to go to the spring show with 
I have no one to talk to. 
I have no other book  @cbain84
I have no place to live.  I really need prayer to get thru this
i have no reason to tweet any more 
i have no subs on youtobe 
I have no time for bath with yoghurt bubbles  GoodNight my fav TwitterTown. Sweet dreamss.
I have no time to catche up on my reading today  Garage sale stuff has consumed my soul. Ugh.
I have no time to tweets tonight 
I have no voice  Argh!
i have no wine  and no other liquor and amanda isnt here nor beth...this isnt gonna be very exciting! #LOFNOTC
i have no zoom or flash on my new phone...disappointed 
I have not 1, but TWO! webcasts to sit thru tomorrow. 9 am &amp; noon. Ugh! 
i have not been on in forever  but im back so text me im being a nerd working on a web site for my daddy 
I have not been this sick in a long time  fever for 3 days.. I have not ate in 3 days.. Coughing..Pls tell me it's not swine flu
I have not been this sick in years. OMG. This sucks so bad. Sickness ended up including a full restroom cleanup. 
I have not been this tired in a long time  holy shit!
i have not gotten a new moon poster where do they sell them!??!? 
I have not had the best weekend, and i still have a paper to perfect.  grrrr.
I have not recieved any mail in over a month  life is boring
i have nothin 2 do 
i have nothing 2 do all summer so i'll be on alote!! 
I have nothing interesting to report  sorry twitterverse.
I have nothing to do  I need a project. Having nothing to do, no use or function stresses me out.
I have nothing to do  my wife has my xbox 
i have nothing to do now  ugh
I HAVE NOTHING TO DO THIS SUMMER. SO MUCH FOR A &quot;BREAKOUT&quot; 
I have nothing to do this whole week  this sucks a lot oh well :|
I have nothing to do today  Daddy's dogs are still missing but they will be back!
I have nothing to do today  im soooooo........ Bord 
i have nothing to eat again 
I have nothing to read 
I have nothing to say  (thats a pretty intense update!!)
I haven't heard from ANY of my 4 kids this father's Day...Not one of them... 
I haven't logged onto Minto.com in like 3 months and what I saw upset me  Gotta do better!
I haven't made it to a beach yet though.... 
I haven't quit coughing since I was sick. I gotta find out the deal; this is almost two weeks now since I was 100% healthy. 
I haven't read chapter 8. 
I haven't really seen my Benn 
I haven't run for like a month.  Today might be the day that record falls.
I haven't seen @MichaelCox for a month :O 
I haven't seen Hannah Montana The Movie yet :/ The tickets was sold out ! 
i haven't seen jack in 3 hours 
I haven't seen my family in 6 months.  [[Maria Madrigal]]
i havent seen the JB 3d concert movie yet  cause stupid castlebar isnt showing but we are going to galway on monday to see it!
I haven't showered yet today. I'm gross 
i havent slept for 3 days 
i haven't slept yet...  X_X  
I haven't spoken to @Megarawrr &amp; @willowsaywhat in a while  I feel deserted!
I haven't stayed up for 24 hours in sooo long. Oh my god I have razor burn on my legs and they're stinging. 
I haven't taken anything revolutionary in a while. I need to  http://bit.ly/aOima
i havent talked 2..(some1 speacial)  for a hole day 
I haven't talked to my best friend in like a week 
i havent talked to my boyfriend ALL DAY 
i haven't talked to my sister in like two months. 
I haven't thrown up from alcohol since september. booo i messed up the streak 
I haven't tweeted for a long time! I feel awkward 
i havent tweeted in ages so i am now!! and i just wokeup!! homework time 
I haven't tweeted in forever  I'm solo tired. Shopping and working tomorrow!
I haven't tweeted in so long my twitter page has grown mold 
i havent tweeted much today! .... idk whats wrong with today it seems waaay long! ugh! 
i have nothing to tweet about... 
i have nothing to twitter about yet. 
I have nothing to wear!!! And I need a haircut 
I have now been told to incorporate lots of squats and lunges into my physio regime otherwise it's back under the knife I go 
I have now got round doing my course work. After my course work I will be doing some revision for my exam on Tuesday!! 
i have nowt to wear 
I have officially become #jealousengage09  
I have officially been ordered to bed  Night everyone! Thanks for the chat @ReneeBarber &amp; @tealou catch ya later today 
I have officially determined that whatever has been ailing me is not allergies...which means no Greek Fest for me tonight 
I have officially lost my Mum 
i have one baaad hangover 
I have one epic crick in my neck from falling asleep in the car with my head thrown right back over the headrest 
i have one follower on here  need more hahaa
i have one hell of a sunburn 
i have ONE jo bros ticket! anyone wanna come? 
I have one of those dumb headaches that you get when you sleep too long 
I have oral exam on Tuesday 
i have ouchies 
I have packed off hubby to Bristol! Missing him already 
I have partied for the last 9 days now its back to the real world....awww poo 
i have personally confirmed that my favorite flower shop closes waaaay too early on Saturdays.   4 o'clock!!??!!  Really??
i have perused the #fieldnotes website and it is good.  too bad i must return to work 
i have poison oak  I don't know anyone who gets it as bad as I do... so, i'm reading salem's lot. text mee
Hoping to adopt a yorkie puppie rescue and being released this week in Tampa , (  Residents of tampa are getting first dibs 
Hoping to be at Valley right now!!... I knew I was regret this! 
hoping to finish the paper before CCD, the monsters are net being agreeable 
hoping to get a piece of the butter bread that my mum's munching right now. though i doubt it, they never gimme something like that! 
hoping to get some plans in motion for summer, otw it'll be a lazy 'sit on my a$$' season 
hoping to get the car on the third 
hoping to get to sleep night. i really hate earthquakes and i have felt 4 since i live so close to the epicenter. 
hoping to go to Nyc or L.A soon i miss it there 
Hoping to sleep all day today. Missing out on the sun again  boo
Hoping today will be a good.  The weather is S@#^y 
hoping tomorrow goes better. two bad races and garden work today   got a new song or two down though
hoping tram will go with her to see the paperless tour...considering my boyfriend is an ass and wont!  *nat*
Hoping we're going to get some rain w/ the front that is moving through tonight. We've had 0 rain this month 
hoping you got some great pictures.. in a place now i havent been for several months.. 
hopinh my parakeets Baldwin and Ziggy are okay after flying away 
Hopped bak in da beedddddd! Feelin crappy! Can't wait 4 this to pass 
Hopped up outa bed,turn my swag on,took a look in the mirror and I'm sick  gotta get ready 4 chuck e cheese.
hoppin he come bac 
i havent twittered for two days. :O i feel empy.  well i had a swine flu attack, i thought i had it. plus computer was a asshole to me
I haven't twittered in forever 
I haven't twittered today; whadd uppp my tweepies. Watching GrandTorino at fuckers house.. Wow. Guess I'm gonna play dumb right now 
i havent watched the news all day !  i didnt even watch it yday 
i having serious moodswing 
I havnt seen any slices of my kind of heaven anywhere recently 
I havnt seen it yet 
i havnt seen or spoken to @amiecoggins in so long. i miss her 
i havve a badd headache and a stomachache  please pray! love you all(:
I haz a headache. After some more chinese I'z going to bed. Have to wake up so early to drive tomorrow 
i haz babysitting job today. 
I haz Saturday school  4 hours of boring
I haz the sleepies. Oh and the hungers 
i hcnaged my mind haha im itchy damn posin ivy  my sister-in-law gave it to me  oy
i hear a rumour toy story is on bbc1! shame it will have to be in black and white 
I hear all the speed boats and a jet ski or two on the lake already... Another party weekend? I'm still bruised from the last one 
I hear camp will be gaaaaay 
I hear children. Which means I'm not home alone. 
i hear crickets! i should sleep then i wont hear them but noooooo i gotta study 
I hear fireworks going off. Why are there fireworks and why am I not there? It's like the perfect summer night &amp; I'm stuck at home. 
I hear rain falling outside.  Not sure if caching will happen this afternoon. 
I hear robbie!!!! 
I hear Terminator SCC was canceled. With a cliffhanger! Now we'll never know where they were headed 
I hear the fireworks everyday. Too bad I won't be able to see them anymore  
I hear the ice cream man and  my room is still a mess I don't like cleaning I wish there was less! 
I HEAR THE ICE CREAM MAN AND HAVE NO MONEY IN THE HOUSE! 
I hear the ice cream van but I can't have ice cream because I have no money. 
I hear the tv in the lounge room which meens my sis is watching it which meens no gossip girl  I need to steal her computer 2 watch it now
i hear thunder 
i hear thunderrrr. it's about to storm.  someone come cuddle!
I hear ya this week was the same here fot suspended from work, tryin to get travel arrangments done 4our *lovely* trip 2MI 
I hear ya. Im buggin so bad rite now 
I heard  1 died  
I heard a car honk and I thought it was Laura. I ran outside... and it wasn't. 
I heard a song yesterday by Doug Gillard, which was super awesome, but I don't know what it's called, nor is it on his MySpace page. 
I heard about that missing jet and my first thought was &quot;IT'S ON THE ISLAND OMG!!&quot; so I am officially going to hell. 
I heard Da Vinci Code sucked pretty hard, which is too bad, because I like Ron Howard.
I heard it was because of Joe single ladies dance 
I heard La Salle suspended their class because of the H1N1 virus. is that true? 
I heard on the radio today that only 10% of people use twitter. Then the guy called us all retarded for using it.  fuck that guy.
i heard Ryan Adams was retiring from music making... what a shame.  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8ctf0
i heard screams downstairs maybe @ddlovato or  @Jonasbrothers or @ mileycyrus ARE HERE oh wait none of them are in the country  darnn
i heard that shes been rushed to the hospital after her losing  sucks!
i heard that the da vinci code sucks especially compared to the book.
I heard the Da Vinci Code sucks.
I heard there's rumours about me having a crush on somebody at work which is untrue.  - http://tweet.sg
I heard thunder, I'm afraid of thunder. 
i heard u guys laughin and it only made me cry 
I heard! We didnt get it on my side of town. 
I heart Fridays! Wanna know why? Cuz no work till Monday! No rest this weekend  busy busy busy!
I heart iPhone OS 3 but the SMS icon seems naked... They could have put another word like 'text' in there or something... 
I heat waiting for trains in the cold. I'm hungry, tired, cold &amp; i want to go home 
i hell want to walk my cat to the park but it will be dark soon!! 
I hella can't sleep and gotta be up in 3 hours. 
I hereby proclaim it to officially be summer as it is AWESOME today! But I'm stuck inside a chilly office 
I hit a deer  poor thing. Poor car.
i hit a deer tonight. :| probably scarred for life. yup...definitely scarred for life. R.I.P. deer. 
I hit my first animal today  it was a little golden finch. I was sad.
I hit my hand on the desk 
I hit my head on the soap holder in the shower.  I have a big ol shiner to prove it. Who told them the make those stick out like that?!
i hit my head on the stairs going to my basement. and now i have a killer headache 
I hit my shoulder trying to kill a mosquito....It just flew up my nose 
I hit my sister using my pillow from the back and she got shocked. Guess what she did, she actually pinched my nose real hard! Omg, hurts 
I hit the wrong button and went from listening to Def Leppard to some shitty metal song Justin put on my PC 
I Hold On To Your Body, I Feel Each Move You Make, Your Voice Is Warm And Tender,  A Love That I Could Not Forsake 
I home on teh couch  sighhhh. Left arm is soreeeee. Workin it out. Full though. Comfy. Ahhhh. &lt;3 asdfghjkl
i honestly cant believe i didnt watch the mtv movie awards AND that i wont 
I honestly can't stand mondays...@ work  Already wanna go home...
I honestly don't want to do a birthday party no more but alyssa and abby are making me gosh I am so freakin frustrated 
Hormones are playing hell with my moods today  
Horn: call me when u read this! 
Horny Kitties seem to be replaced by Britney Fucked Vids. It's not the same 
Horny, can't do anything about it.  Lameeee
Horny. Just woke up. My back hurt. Today seems like it going to suck. Didnt run wit nicole. 
horoscope:There is nothing wrong with getting caught up in the moment. No regrets. [this is a lie!! there is regrets,now i feel horrible] 
horrible day...  put me in a bad mood.. i really need to find a new car SOON
Horrible day...ma hard disk crashd  ... data can't be retrievd... Im screwd... wrk as well as personal data...  
Horrible fucking day 
Horrible headache 
horrible headache that wont go away... 
Horrible headache to deal with now! N idk if i'ma see my corey this weekend 
Horrible headache.  trying to fall back asleep.
horrible hiccups!  making it so difficult to put makeup on!
Horrible horrible heartburn. Back hurts so much. I can't really eat out anymore. 
Horrible horrible sunburn of death.  Indoors on a SUnday.
Horrible migraine. What is with head lately? 
Horrible news, went to check on fawn from afar and she had died.  I hate nature sometimes.  I am completely devastated.  Just buried her 
Horrible night of poker last night. Burned off 1/3 of my bankroll. Back to the grinding 
horrible night.  goodnight.
Horrible nightmare! Was chased around town at night no cars, no one out but me and the killer! Hold me 
Horrible night's sleep. Worst heartburn ever, that's what happens when you eat junk all day long. Suffer, suffer, suffer!!! 
Horrible stomach ache 
horrible throat ache and fever 
Horrible time in town 1. i had to go to m and s 2. had to try stuff on in ladies section 
Horrible time trying to sleep last night 
horrible weather again 
horrible weather is preventing a run 
Horrible, horrible dream. Glad my alarm woke me up before I discovered the bodies. 
horrific set of exams this week  home on saturday &lt;3
horrormovies don´t scare me anymore  that´s just boring
Horse has a torn suspensory.  Three months of stall rest, and probably six to twelve months before he can get ridden again.
I honestly feel so sick inside.. we have no bond anymore and people you just met are closer than we are.. I gotta get outta here 
I honestly have the sweetest bf ever. How did I get so lucky?? Sowwy for being poopy sometimes  Best 11 months in my life!
I honestly thought susan boyle would win britains got talent. Shame she didnt 
I hope @gucci1017 is real cause ima be disappointed if its not  lol
I hope @mhawthorne feels better soon 
I hope @mhawthorne19 feels better soon 
I hope {{hope, hope, hope}} that my jeans dry before tonight.... if they don't I don't know what I'm going to do 
i hope a big earthquake hits today so i don't have to be at school no mores. 
i hope all of the bodies of AIR FRANCE passengers will be retrieved soon .. it's so sad   GOOD LUCK WITH THE SEARCHES !! don't give up !!
I hope all this moving is finished tomorrow I need to cuddle lol I miss him 
I hope Andy Murray gets a good draw - and I really hope Rafa plays but it's not looking too good for him just now 
I hope Bridget's baby is okay 
I hope Cal Day &amp; Picnic Day @ Day are not scheduled on the same day next year...that was bummer. I wanted to go to both 
I hope Cesar is okay   Happy Father's Day, daddies.
I hope Claire @clairemusic is ok. She hasn't responded to my e-mail and hasnt been on twitter in days. 
i hope everybody has a great day doin wateva dey gotta do. ILY DOM! 
I hope everyone has a great Memorial day weekend..and they get out of work early today. I still don't know yet. 
i hope evry one frm air france is okay. 
I hope Fredward hurries up tagging things...I want something to look at. Only 1/3 of the way through 
I hope going to church 
I hope GP essay was in 140 characters 
I hope grace is training tonight!  she makes me happy!
I have posters to put up on my wall but I can't find my Blu-tack 
i have problems sleeping at nyt. i knda disturb other people 
i have problems wih pizza..ii love it too much..i'm so addicted to pizza  and Dot Dot Curve. &gt;
I have puddles in my shoes. 
I have purchased the custom CSS upgrade but still...lost in oblivion 
i have rashes behind my ears, wth....? 
I have rats running around in my ceiling  HELP!
I have reached the point that I have to select a subset of my music collection to be placed on my iPod. Full library sync is no more. 
i have real bad toothache and it sucks to shiz. 
i have realised something. whenever i can't text phoebe i email her, like in macau, i emailed her endlessly, it's the same now  no Sykes!
I have really enjoyed this week's DMB media blitz. I will miss the sirius radio station when it goes away 
I have really sore feet today. 
I have rebellious eyes, which confound contact lens prescriptions. Frustrated. 
I have received my replacement phone...now it has to charge for 12 hrs 
I have reverse Spidey-sense. My head tells me &quot;Hey, that guy with the eye patch looks legit&quot; or &quot;That dark alley looks exciting.&quot;  WHY.
I have running around to do today but I don't feel like it   getting out will do me some good, LOL, even though I want to be lazy!
i have school  i hate thursday's they suck.
I have school later today at 7am. Dear lord, please help me not fall asleep durring classes. 
i have school tomorrow - coz of my jetlag wont get to sleep till 3:30ish (am) and then have to be up at 7... lovely 
i have science homework, so stupid; i'm meant to be enjoying my holiday. 
I have scratches all over my blackberry storm !  xx
I have serious road rage 
I have severe stomach ache I'm in so much pain 
I have Shoulder Issues, And Babies Crying 
horses!!! Why do the police on campus have horses? Why do they need horses? i want a horsey  not really, they smell funny
Horton hears a who! But I'm watching it from a whole new perspective 
hosed down the baby in the tub to get flea poison off her, god she was even starting to molt 
hoshit summer clearance sale is on!!! why am i still in school  @Cherule let's go to the mall this week
hospice is in a dark place right now.  Medicare continues to take money from hospice and in turn hospice has to take money from us.  
Hospital at 9am tomorrow.... 
Hospital day. Not fun   I miss my friends.
Hospital not fun. 
Hospital to get lab work done and to fill out some paper work for my surgery that's Monday...So nervous 
hospital trip may be in need soon. 101.2 and it's not decreasing, sheit 
Hospital won't operate on him unless a driver is on the premises and they take him home.. What am i gonna do!!?? he has to have the Op.. 
Hospital. Cool 
Hostel breakfast is dec, it's raining loads here 
Hot 4rm bein in the sun 4 hekka long... Goin 2 watch &quot;stomp&quot; w my mother, a.kim &amp; p.k. I need a jak n da box tea!   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
Hot afternoon 
Hot and flustered..... no electricity since the morning 
Hot and rainy (possibly) at Beach Freak... sad face... 
Hot and sunny...miss my jeep 
hot and sweaty after a morning of errands, bird poo and now to follow orders at home.. what a day off 
HOT AS HELL in kristiansand today. plans for the afternoon: BBQ with friends and just chill, but work is not over yet 
Hot bath, good book, bedtime. In that order. Lyla still won't walk on her leg 
hot but defo not slutty, i mean jodis got a huuuge bouncy castle so top cant be low :s!! arhhh decisions  rofl
Hot chocolate and donuts at Krispy Kreme! I'm staring at the air conditioner, hoping it shuts off. I'm freezing! 
Hot chocolate and early night, busy day tomorrow and its going to be a long one! 
Hot compress not rily workng for pulled muscle  gng to bed, good night
I hope he doesn't use this against me. 
I hope he starts with Margate. I saw a poo in the sea there once 
I hope I can chat with my idols through yahoo messenger  &quot;out&quot; bye..
I hope I can pass this. 
I hope I can stay up today without taking a nap. 
i hope i can still attend out department's welcome assembly for us! too bad my last class ends at 5:30pm 
I hope I didnt leave my AC running 
I hope i don't burn. I always burn.  eek!
I hope I don't fail Econ. and not graduate 
i hope i dont fall asleep in class. my eye is still red. 
I hope i don't have the swine. 
I hope I don't move sets today but I bet I will 
I hope i don't see anyone from school at costco. I look like crap 
I hope i feel better soon i realy want to enjoy anime expo without having to spend my time in the bathroom throwing up. 8 weeks preggy 
I hope i feel better tomm ! Why did i eat 2 plates of momo any tyo aachar 
i hope i get a nice sleep tonight unlike the last two nights where i have woke in pain 
i hope i get a tan btw  lmao.
i hope i get better in 12 hours  and @Guzee ! going to disneyland again!!! hAHH love you!
i hope i get tanned today..im too pale 
I hope I made the cabonara right... I got it wrong last time and it tasted like shit 
i hope i made the right decision, life is so tough right now 
I hope I make it to the bank before it closes. Ahhh traffic! And then I have to go back to work. 
I hope I make my connection at Cardiff, otherwise I won't be able to pick up my car tonight! FGW train is running late 
I hope i pass *crosses finger*. If not ill feel like an idiot 
I hope i present today. Or goodbye parade  Xoxo,, Jayy &lt;3
I hope I will be able to watch MTV Movie Awards! I hope it willhave some live stream somewhere. They are not showing it in my country 
I hope I'm not struggling alone. 
I hope Iran finds peace for its people soon.  #iranelection
I hope it doesn't make a bubble.  stupid oven.
i hope it doesnt rain i didnt bring my bandanna or rain jacket 
I hope it doesn't rain out hard here because then @codder1220 &amp; I can't go to our soccer game. 
I hope it doesn't rain today 
i hope it doesn't rain tomoozaaaa 
I hope it don't rain for Sunday! I was excited to go back to r.valley!!!! 
hot dang ! how do you put pictures on 
hot dangit im annoyed as hell, my cold isnt going away 
Hot day in oklahoma. Bummed because i have to clear my garden since the mole ate it.  first year without tomatoes in a long time 
hot deadline... 
hot dogs outer casing is pig's intestine? :O  ) thats real sad.  THANKS, ELIOT. )
hot doooog. piano man is here to take away my beloved piano.  &lt;/3
hot flushes 
Hot hot hotttttttttt~~~ And Im not talking abt babes.. How sad 
Hot Leg are playing a free gig in Camden on the 18th! But I have exams on the 18th and 19th 
Hot News: Josi verlässst Hertha BSC!!! 
hot rain cloud hot again and again. I play a bad match  #tennis
Hot room is too hot 
hot sauce 
HOT tommorow here in vegas  suppose to hit 100 b4 the end of the week.  I will be soakin up ac in 75 degrees  in my crib 4 the next week
Hot tub party my place.....wish nal were here 
hot water is REVOLTING. I want my cup of tea. Right. Now. 
Hot waters run out, so will have to continue with c/wk, ergh. Graphics now. Poop. Gotta wait for water to warm up 
Hot Wheels dropped the ball by turning the NSX into a tuner special last year, but this year's stock GT-R really takes the cake. 
I have sleepy eyes today 
I have slept way to much. I actually feel tired already Its cloudy also we need sun 
i have so many games to play on all formats i never get time to play any of them. i bought games in usa when i was there i havent opened 
I have so many song ideas that I feel like my mind is gonna explode!.. I can't even write a song! There's just 2 much going on 
I have so many things to do and not enough time to do them. 
I have so many things to do this week 
i have so many useless programs installed 
i have so much college work to do 
I have so much crap to do today. I don't want to do any of it 
I have so much grains... I'm scared 
I have so much hate for spreadsheets 
I have so much homework and studying 
I HAVE SO MUCH IRONING TO OUT AWAY 
I have so much sinus pressure right now I want to die 
I have so much to do &amp; start, yet it's not work related. Even though the others will bring in some cash i'm kind of behind. 
I have so much to do at the house, Joe is working 12 hour days &amp; I feel too tired to do anything after work. 
I have so much to do tomorrow that I don't wanna do. 
I HAVE SO MUCH WORK TO DO!!!! i don't think i'm gonna be able to go golfing today 
I have so much work to do. 
i have so much work to do...college boo 
i have so much work today, what has happened, where has it all come from?! scared that my tan is going to peel. it's just so beautiful 
I have softball    
i have some hair stuff that smells of wonderfulness. it's so nice i want to share it with all of you... but a picture wondn't really work 
i have some hair stuff that smells of wonderfulness. its so nice i want to share it with all of you... but a picture wouldn't really work 
I have some kind of bug bites on my leg 
I have some serious killer swine flu sore throat right now. (Ok, I just have strep) It hurts like hell and I fell like I wanna die! 
i have some sort of stomach flew. i hope this doesnt follow me on the trip back to phoenix arizona.  womp womp womp
I have something wrong, swine flu, bird flu, pneumonia, black plague...I got something &amp; it sure isn't good. 
I hope it is true.. able to talk to  ♥ my love is vey strong and sensitive  ILOVESOMUCH !!
I hope it stops raining. 
i hope it's the 11th cause i wanna see my friends so badly ! 
I hope its warm for friday 
I hope jakes okay. 
I hope Jess's back heals and it sucks that she's missing the asia leg of the tour 
i hope julia is okay  thinking about you girl&lt;3
i hope kate doesn't have appendicitis  but at the same time i wish she does, because if it isn't appendicitis it could be something worse!
I hope laura talks to me when I see her 
i hope MarilynSasha has room in her heart to forgive me 
I hope Mark doesn't leave twitter.. I'll be sad cuz he hardly talks to me on the phone anymore. 
I hope Marks mom is okay 
I hope Meat Free Monday is a huge success, but I hope people also leave out the eggs/dairy. They cause global warming and suffering too 
i hope my angel feels better  and im so sorry u have to go thru all this all the time  soon everything will be better ! i love you
I hope my Bandit (horse) is going to be ok waiting to hear news a very concerned Debs 
i hope my friends dad lung cancer surgery was a success yesterday, i haven't heard from her yet so it make me nervous. 
I hope my headache goes away.  
I hope my iPod is somewhere at Alex's house, if not then it was probably stolen 
i hope my leg feels better in the morning... 
I hope my mcfly poster doesn't fall down again tonight 
I hope my mom and the baby are ok with this storm going on...all tht shit tht was outside. I feel bad about tht. 
I hope my mom's dong well, she recently got sick again. She has had a chronic disease since i was a kid, and it's back again. 
i hope my prada 2 is home 
I hope my Terminator plans don't get ruined 
hot zombie black chick got her head bashed with a fire extinguisher. 
hot. humid. rainy. and i have to wear a suit today 
Hotel Babylon is was soo good! Can't wait until next weeks', College is going to be SO boring tomorrow! 
hotel for dogs : great movie, cried so much. wish i could save all the puppies of the world 
Hotel for Dogs is making me tear up. 
Hotels in Copenhagen turn out more expensive than London &amp; NY for the moment. Is Denmark booming? Booking a city trip, but no 'deals' 
Hotels.com is the devil I feel like when I take a shower someone is going to walk up and shank me 
hottest day of the summer so far... And I have no power which means no a/c... Means I can't cook myself any food...and I have no pool 
hottest day of the year and im inside working bah 
Hottest day of the year so far! Shame i had to spend it in a windowless warehouse 
Hottest day of the year so far; and my A/C at home dies.  I came home to an 85F house. *sigh* I hope I can fix it tomorrow.
hottest venue ever. now 12 hour drive to Virginia 
Hottie hasn't called me today.  Oh well, I made new plans with two awesome friends so it will be all good.
hottie is no where to be found 
Hour 11. Starting to feel car sick 
Hour and a half of driving for 40 minutes. Need to think things thru next time 
Hours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #Morrissey gig at Brixton is postponed.   Only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish
Hours until exam: 5.5. P.S. Your prayers didn't work. 
HOUSE ARREST!! 
house chores!!! 
house cleaning day. 
House closing was delayed 
house feels so empty with 2 out of 3 roommates gone!  im sooo lonely. damnit @KayteDixon wake up!!
house flooding. we're totally fucked. long night of work ahead 
House going to be too quiet tonight... 
House has finished. Gota wait a week for next eps now 
I have sooo many finals to study for  but In better news the pens are leading
i have soooo much homework it's not funny! i'm gonna fail psych and bio  UGH! and maybe methods
I have soooo much homework to do today and i dont even wanna get out of bed 
I have sooooo boooting... yesterday i was going to buy a new computer but... the store was closed and today is sunday no store open 
I have sooooo many things to get done. Too much workload. 
I have sooooo much homework to do in so little time. Not to mention I have to study for the SATs which are on saturday... 
I have sore bicep muscles and an annoying cough!  off to bed now! Nighty night! Xx
I have sore feet   Damn shoes are going in the bin.  NEED NOOO SHOOOOOOES.
I have sore throat 
I have soreeee teeth 
I have spent the last hour watching the whitest kids you know. My life is a little sad right now 
I have stuff 2 do and I have no energy I hate being sick well back 2 bed 
I have stupid homework to do 
I have successfully burnt every meal i have tried to cook today ~ bacon and egg muffins for b/f, focaccia at lunch, and now a burnt cake! 
I have such a bad head ache rite now 
I have such a bad headacheee 
I have such a big headach. 
I have such a confusing up and down day :'( I dunno what the right thing to do is anymore 
I have such a crush on Criminal Minds' Kirsten Vangsness. Alas, she's gay. 
I have such a headache 
I have such a headache  arrggghhhh
I have such a headache! 
i have such a low self esteem right now 
i have such a short attention span.... i blame the internet 
i have such a stomachache.  i'm going to set my moms phone as http://bit.ly/12For3  when i call her.
i have such a terrible headache. i want this cold to go away now. a few days has been long enough... 
I hope my twitter is fixed 
i hope my whole summer isnt this boring! today would be the perfect day to go swimming but catie is at camp and kristins in virginia! 
I hope not all is lost *sigh* 
I hope nothing super exciting happens to the right of my head today, it hurts to turn that direction 
I hope our DVDs show up in the mail today. They don't have the option to overnight the. 
i hope penguins win the series but i dont know if thats gonna happen 
I hope people don't see me eating my zone bar and think its a reeses bar  they'll judge me!!!!!
I hope she lives, although I have a feeling the answer is 'no' 
i hope shopping will make me feel better about being phoneless 
I hope since @oprah is friends with @ev she doesn't make a call to get me destroyed  #herebeforeoprah
I hope someone buys my 80 Blood Elf hunter soon. I'm starting to feel the itch to play again 
I hope that one week before isn't too late!!!  
I hope that Upton's left shoulder will not be a problem for him... 
I HOPE THAT YOU COULD LOVE ME LIKE I DO AFTER THE PROM♥EVEN WHEN I MIGH TO KNOW THAT I WILL NEVER SEE YOU AGAIN 
i hope the movie awards gets more entertaining...   
I hope the next percussion lesson with Mr Ora will be at school again and not at Raffles Instituition! 
I hope the paper is going well, steve was unable to sucessfully download refeer madnesss 
i hope the plumber isn't gonna cost a ton of $. Ha! I just want my water back 
I hope the rumors about Sun canceling its Rock Processor are false, if true then its the beginning of the end for SPARC 
i hope the sun lightens it  twilight !!!
i hope there is H&amp;M here. 
I hope there will be seats left for my summer classes reg date is all late 
I hope there´s no boy at our school starting with C.B. ;-) My little sis had also written&quot;Strify&quot; on my arm but I had to remove it 
I hope there's internet in the tent tomorrow 
i hope these aren't that bad. i have really bad cramps already 
house hunting 
House hunting for next year= No FUN! 
house insepction in the AM - and house not ready. sick bubba needs me more 
house is a mess and I have NO energy to clean it 
House is a mess, need to do some cleaning.  Still need to get groceries  
House is clean. Now i have to iron. Just counted 17 golf shirts and there's a whole lot more in the pile  @chadpstevens where are you?
House is so cold the nutella has solidified. 
House is too quiet w/o kids here  Will see them tomorrow  Taking sons 2&amp;3 to the Dr :-\ Going to Son #1's Award thing @GA Tech 
House marathon, minus me. Photoshopping invites for cousin's christening.  My PS skillz aren't that mad!!!
House of Pain featuring LA COKA NOSTRA is also on Rock the Bells, but I don't think they're going to be at the MI show 
House of prime rib w/ dads fam. Im still full frm lunch 
House of Representatives to Publish Lawmakers' Expense Reports Online (WSJ link was broken) 
House sitting till tomorrow and work at 8 am 
House small biz meeting not on CSPAN online #CPSIA 
House to myself. Someone please come over? 
House was hot last night so Dad (yes, Dad!) and I opened windows where we slept. Both of us have slight sore throats this morning. 
House wont be on terrestrial anymore  just hope im able to catch it otherwise other methods
House Work 
Housebound at wrong time 
Housecleaning day...hurray. 
Household chores!  
housemates are being mean 
House-sitting alllllllllll alone 
House-sitting is scary when you sleep alone. And I fucked up my Jeep tonight 
housewarmings are awesome! cleaning up the next day however...uncool 
Housework and looking after my baby girl... waiting to go on Xbox 
housework is calling 
Housework makes Michael a dull (and potentially violent) boy, could really do with a game of cod4  but Matt is on the way! awesome!
Housework time! 
Housework.... bathroom cleaning 
I have such a tired headache right now 
i have such a weakness for chips 
i have such an unreliable family..  brother isnt paying his bills so now the internet will be cut off. gahh   cant wait to move out ! x
i have such bad anxiety... 
i have such great post ideas as i fall asleep but i forget to keep a notebook by my bed 
I have sun burn on small parts of my arms 
I have sunburn 
I have sunburn on my nose  Oh dear, better stay indoors!
I have sweated through my clothes a good three times and have a pounding headache  But it's Friday!
I have temprorarily lost my fun. 
I have tendonitis 
I have terrible signal in my basement right now 
I have tests to do and I don't wannaaaaaa. 
i have the adam lambert version of FEELIN GOOD in my head... i miss idol already. 
i have the attention span of gnat, anti-woot 
I have the Bac today at 2 p.m.... I don't know if I'll be able to do it.... 
I have the best mother in the whole world.. sad she is leaving tmw 
i have the biggest crush on mayhem miller 
I have the biggest crush on Pink but she doesn't know I'm alive 
I have the biggest effing headache. WTF? 
I have the biggest headache  its lasted 3days. Uhg. Bedtime.
I have the biggest headache ever. My photosensitivity is getting OUT OF CONTROL!! Help. 
I have the blinking macBook question mark folder of death! 
I have the bug  I am soooo ill! Laid up in bed needing to be looked after!
i have the cold   not cool. i bet im unlucky and its actually swine flu haha
I have the cold  i hope its not swine flu lol =\
i have the cough  sounds all gross haha just when i thought i was getting better/
I have the damn hiccups 
I have the day off tomorrow. Time to do some cleaning. yea. 
I have the extremely itchy sunburn. It's pretty much the worst thing I've ever experienced...   
I have the feeling that I could cry every second because I want to reach so many things in my life but I know I'll never reach them... 
i have the fluu! 
i have the hiccups  goodnight.
i have the hiccups again and they hurt 
I have the hiccups soo bad it hurts. 
i have the hiccups. 
I have the hiccups... wtf? 
I have the hicups and a shooting pain goes through my back everytime I hicup 
I have the hives.   But enjoying my cream of spinach
I have the Kermode Movie podcast on - doesn't look good for the Jonas Bros.. 
I have the killer headache from hell 
I have the littlest bladder 
I have the most disgusting job in the world 
I have the nastiest bruise on my arm. It hurts 
I have the pre menstrual munchies 
i have the regular flu yo...a temp of 102.5 
I have the sleep eyes   I think I need to go back to sleep lol..laterz twitters
i have the sniffles  and  i have exams to do as well. *wahh* BUT i found that some kid at my school has swine flu. AHH!! hmm......study?xx
i have the sniffles and a horrible sinus headache. why did i agree to wake up at 9am for coldplay tickets? 
I HAVE THE SOREST NOSE 
I have THE sorest stomach 
i have the stupid hiccups. these ones hurt 
I have the summer itchies...GRRRR. I feel guilty complaining given @Sarah_Bells plight. 
i have the swine flu  or something like it im goin to bed
i have the toothache from hell 
I have the urge to bake. But I�ve been banned. 
I have the urge to have an iPhone 
I have the urge to watch Twilight...but I'm craving New Moon 
I have the worlds best boyfriend in the whole world. i cant belive i was such an idiot and lost him before  i love him and i know it
i have the worlds biggest spot  i never get spots,i think i'm going to cry lol
I have the world's worst sore throat.  
I have the worst cramps ever 
I have the worst cramps ever. 
I have the worst freaking head ache right now.  
I have the worst head ache 
I have the worst headache ever... 
i hope these plugs in my eyeballs work! i wanna wear my contacts again!! 
i hope they are ok, there is one of my country on board 
I hope they fix my 360 today. But I already know they won't 
I hope things in Wichita get better, because it's really hitting a lot of good people badly. It's just not fair. This really sucks. 
I hope things start to get better  ...
I hope this day ends soon...so far its been a mess 
i hope this day goes soo slowwww 
I hope this dress works for tonight...my mom said its too short 
I hope to god my ipod work tomorrow!! Please let me put my music back on you 
I hope tomorrow isn't rainy. They're going to start location scouting here for Eclipse 
i hope tomorrow will be brighter than today,and tonight i enjoy with my dissapointed about him.. i havent success to forget him! help 
i hope we can go.....  
i hope we could spend the holiday together. i miss you. it's been a week since the last day we met 
i hope we would be classmates forever... 
i hope what you said she did to you was untrue, and by the way, i still am so deep in love with you. 
I hope when i come back i'll see pics of Rob  that might help me get better! Incase i don't have energy to come back online; See ya tom. x
i hope wlang classes tom! but that is impossible. 
I hope you are fine..you don't know how much I miss you, it hurts     love you forever. Please, have dinner ok? and sleep well my love
I hope you come over today...its almost 8  Ill be leaving at 8:30 if you dont show up...I love you &amp; good morning.
i hope you feel better DJ 
i hope you feel better soon zack! 
i hope you guys didnt have a cab sing a long without me 
Houston 
Houston Transtar shows heavy traffic on my route home  Guess I'll be working on lesson 13 of Conversational Italian. Ascolti e repeti...
How 2 beat the summer heat. 1cat+1ice cold washcloth=cool kitty. My poor baby doesn't like the heat.  http://twitpic.com/884dh
How A Bird Cage Can Start A Creative Frenzy!! Im Soo Veryy Tired  Goodnight World xx
How about cutting the huge 2001 routine down into a story about an ape evolving into Raquel Welch in that fur bikini. Oh yeah. Thesis. 
How about Im kinda sad today, thinking about the past, and I shouldn't be 
How About This I Did This Hard Ass Beat And Couldn't Save It I Was Pissed Off If You Are A Producer You Know How I Feel 
How am I awake???  I was up all night with my sick 1 year old...and I mean aaaaaaaaall night. 
How am i meant to chose who i want to win, four in mind are my faves, i will be reduced to tears, i want them all to win  Good Luck every1
how am i really cold right now?? sicky sniffles 
HOW AM I STILL 2 1/2 HRS AWAY FROM LA (fake crying) 
How am i supposed to swim today when its cloudy, rainy, and cold? 
How am I tired already and I haven't even hit the streets yet!  My friends are right... I am a grandma  #FB
how amazing does katy perry look in the waking up in vegas video! i'm sooo tired 
How amazing is hollyoaks! But my poor warren lmao! 
How amusing that Brown still managed to get booed at such a solemn occasion. Pissed my horse finished 10th 
How are people download OS 3...I'm still waiting 
how are you all doing?? I am so fine doing but the weather is bad 
I have the worst headache from my allergies. 
I have the worst headache in th eorld. I have taken meds. and it will NOT go away. 
i have the worst headache of my life. i blame the rain 
I have the worst headache this morning  getting ready to go to church with my fam.
I have the worst headache.    And I can I just say there are simply not enough hours in the day.  Can't wait for tomorrow - gonna rest!
I have the worst headache. I wish I was at home in my nest with that special someone. I have work tonight too.  Ew.
I have the worst headache...... 
i have the worst heartburn! 
I have the worst sunbrun! I can't sit down. 
I have the worst tan ever  why do I tan so easily?
i have the worst tummy ache ever 
I have thee worst hangover ever..... gonna go for a dip in the pool see if I can shake it off 
i have thee worst headache 
I have these huge x's on my hands 
I have this bad headache.  bla. have to tidy up my room.
I have this fear of sleeping with my window open,so now my room is even hotter 
I have this huge knot in my neck  Getting that worked out then dropping off a birthday cake to some dude I'm not happy with. Yeah I know!
i have this huge problem with  myself, and i'm wanting to handle it in ways that aren't smart.  only because i don't know what else to do 
i have this huge zit and it refuses to go............ 
I have this pain in my as...I believe it's called homework 
i have this seriously bad headache! 
i have this urge to post a humorous tweet... but i couldnt think of anything... maybe its because its so DARN HOT OVER HERE!! ugghhh... 
I have thrown my delicious looking lunch all over the floor 
I have tickets to Sunset Rubdown, David Byrne, and Wilco on June 24   Way to many concerts in one day!! WTF
I have tim tams in the fridge AND I FORGOT THEM  mega ultra sad face   
I have to admit I'm a bit happy that the OG/DWF is shutting down. I always ran into the most mean-spirited people there. 
i have to back to school tomorrow  ... not good! bowling is awesome! lol
I have to bath a bunch of kids....4 actually    with two of them toddlers its a load of fun, NOT
I have to be at work at 6am, but I can't bring myself to fall asleep.  I'm kind of lonely right now.  
i have to be awake in 4 hours 
I have to be familiar with English. I have suffered from reading English docs like JDBC tutorial. 
i have to be in town tomorrow at 9 am :O just to get my fringe cut. im usually fast asleep at that time. not looking forward to it like 
i have to be out of my place in 3 days...any help i can get packing/painting/cleaning is much appreciated. oh. and RIP my wall  
I have to be to work in 12 hours!   Time for bed...
I have to be up in 8 1/2 hours 
I have to boil water on the stove cause our kettles broken 
i have to bring sims 3 back  they better give me a refund..what the hell would i do with 40 euros worth of vouchers..:S
I have to cancel my gig tonight, because I am still in bed with the worst flu!!! Not getting better 
I have to choose between @pink and @Essendon_FC on Sunday and @pink wins. I'm shattered.  Why can't I be healthy enough to go to both?
I have to choose between bowling and being able to hang out with my hero Lights, or going to the show of my life  I hate life right now.
i have to clean 
i have to clean my house today. oh messy life. 
I have to clean my room (the messiest room in the world) in 2 hours so they can show my house 
I have to clean my room tommorow  I really don't things like that xD
I have to clean up my aquarium. Or else I lose my fish. 
I have to close on a Friday night! 
I have to delete twitterberry for the duration on my trip  goodbye!
i have to do a 1500 word + essay on a book i havent finished reading, by next week 
I have to do a speech today  not looking forward to it
I have to do a speech tomorrow.  I am NOT excited about this 
i Have to do jury duty 
I have to do lot  of works  but where I can start it XD
i have to do math after my break  but maths fun! dont take me as a NERD!
I have to do my assignments.  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh crap
i have to do one task for tomorrows class... DAMN!!!  xxx
i have to do schoolwork. 
I have to do stupid dishes..I hate dishes  GOSH! I love JB always and 4ever!
i have to drive to  drive my brother to go pick up his car 
i have to finalise a project by tommorw  too busy today
i have to find a new roomie AGAIN!  going pot luck for a third year in a row...i suck
I have to finish an essay until friday 
I have to finish my stupid paper today...gah, it´s going to be soo shitty! I also have to go to the gym and clean my bathroom- 
I have to fix my pic, and my bff pic. It's not popping up. 
I have to flip my septum ring back up  i hate the end of break.
I have to fly on Tuesday and I am feeling sneezy and stuffy tonight. 
i have to get dressed, call a cab and get to &quot;her vagg&quot; theater in under 15 minutes from 7:45-8:00  stupid indian boss!
I hope you'll really quit smoking. 
I hope you're kidding... @marcmalkin I hear robert pattinson is not going to be on red carpet 2day. 
I hope you're okay. 
I hope, wherever you are, you are either eating ice cream or wearing flip flops. The sunshine is lush, and I'm stuck inside. 
I hopes this week gets better but i knw its only going to get worse...!! 
i hopes you all had a great day.i jumped on three cats and learned lots about #purpleiran from my dad.  actually i didn't learn anything. 
i hoping i gets a life.. any will do as long as it has no assignments and redbull..  but im happy i have my man here with me..
i hurt all over. 
I hurt my ankle in my own house wearing flat shoes clumsy, retarded me. It hurts sooo bad I can't drive 
I hurt my back this weekend and thought it'd sort itself out by now. Today I'm cranky cuz it's hard to type while lying on the floor. 
i hurt my calf muscle at the gym 
I hurt my finger today when I was playing football, it hurts 
I hurt my foot so bad  i mean, really? gahhhh.
I hurt my hand some how. 
i hurt my knee 
I hurt my leg.  I'm immoble, it's depressing
I hurt my neck 
I hurt my right hip yesterday  but it got better! and then i wake up this morning and my right knee feels like it is filled with lava! :'(
I hurt my throat 
I hurt my thumb while playing keeper a couple hours ago. 
I hurt my thumb, can't... twitter... as ... much... 
I hurt my toe by running into the cement.  Ask for number. 
I hurt really bad 
I hurt so much, sunburns are the devil.  Anyway, going to do something with Dad tomorrow, so possibly later today.Who cares, my face hurts
I hurt so much. Fragile heads need great big cuddles. Owwwww. 
I hurt, had to get a 17cm cyst removed from my ovary 
I hv MATH eeweweewewwzz Its rlly hard  !!!**
i hve a sore throat  i hope it's not the flu.....
i hve a sore throat... ugh its killin me it came outta nowhere &amp; its annoyin..... 
How are YOU convinced that I have always wanted you? What signals did I give off...damn I think I just lost another friend 
How are you my sweetheart?  &lt;3
how are you supposed to communicate on Twitter? ahhh it's so hard  i miss school (((
how awesome is it that Sengoku Basara is getting a second season? How tragic that the first was so short. I never knew. 
How beautiful is this weather? I wish I could enjoy it instead of revising... 
How beer makes you fat  http://bit.ly/dWJGt
how boring every1 going to sleep  i thought all the freak cum out @ night  guess its just me then
How can a bus coming from a tiny village be so consistently late? Yet another connection missed 
how can a friend falling in love with another friend, be my fault?? 
how can be happy right now..... i am sooo sad 
How can i be having such a good time, but feel dead inside =/ what did you do to me.  *jocelyn&lt;3*
How can I be so tired &amp; &quot;off&quot; feeling when I've done nothing but stay home and watch a movie while Nate took the kids to church... 
how can I be this sleepy? This week is too much  #fb
how can i call myself vietnamese?! i cannot take hennesy nor spicy food 
How can I connect SCSI hard drives to a computer with no SCSI ports? Ah, shucks. 
How can I delete images off of my iPhone? I tried and it crashed. 
How can I help? What should/could I have done? How do I face his family - what on earth can I say? Where is the hope - the end of loss? 
How can I play, work and get all my essays &amp; studying done?  Finals week sucks...I want to go play 
How can I still be ill? 
how can i still have hayfever when the weathers still crap 
how can i stop all this fighting and get back to how we used to be  http://tinyurl.com/l3z4qu
How can I talk with Demi? 
How can ine small child's nose get through 6 packs of tissues in one day??? And now the bugger's finally given it to me 
how can it be a sunday night? NOOOO!!! school tomorrow  weekend went sooo fast.
How can it be Friday, when the week seems to have just begun? 
How can it be this cold! It's June!!! Sheesh 
How can one day be so bad ! So many crabby people so many STUPIDE kids ! Omg i wanna cry and yell !  
i have to get my boosters.. 
I have to get ready for work.  But good news is: i don't have to close!
i have to get up in 4 hours 
I have to get up in 4 hours. Looks like I'm not sleeping tonight 
I have to get up verrry early 
i have to give in and go back to my job at toys r us. its time to make some money. probly only some 
I have to give up my beloved Red Sox tickets!! Argh! Meeting was just scheduled in CA... 
i have to go ! 2 exams tomorrow.  ilu guys&lt;3
i have to go :S need a shower, then i HAVE TO do my homework  yes, so i'll see you tomorrow xxxx
i have to go and stay at my bosses house for 5 days to look after thier zoo, its not gonna be fun 
i have to go and study soon boring old studying   i just want 2 stay on the pc writing and chatting wit my pen friends!
I have to go and watch manu at a pub. But i wont turn off..  #asot400
I have to go back at 4                 &amp; listen to him for 2 hours. smone kill me now PLS!
I have to go buy eggs and bread.... 
I have to go clean my room 
I have to go clean up all the cans in the backyard!! lol! Im still not talking to him!   Wonderin if Miguel is right? Wut should I do??
I have to go clothes shopping tomorrow  I hate it, but I have a serious &quot;clothes falling apart&quot; situation here.
I have to go do some stupid physics now  i hate science!!!!!!!!
i have to go feed Herman in a minute. and then clean my room. then let herman out. pretty much what i do every morning. 
I have to go have an ultrasound on my leg today because I might have a blood clot. Stupid charlie horse 
i have to go in 10 mins  mum's making me help her with her cooking thing  wish me luck o_O see u at 7, 2 hours of?.. tell u when i back
I have to go into work today, in Melbourne. I don't want to  I'm so exhausted. I'm stalling and all that does it drag it out longer.
i have to go look after oscar for the rest of the night, i'll talk later  i love her, very muchly  probably find it hard to believe 
I have to go mow. 
I have to go now. Byes 
I have to go nowww  boa noite twittss!
I have to go shopping for black pants when I get off of work.. 
i have to go soooooooon. science science science. 
I have to go to bed  I have this horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach and I don't know why. I hate this feeling 
i have to go to bed now  can't believe school starts on monday...ewwwwww. NIGHT ALL xxx
i have to go to bed now, im sick  poo
i installed the 3.0 software on my iPhone 2G and now I can't play my old games 
I installed Win 7 RC 64-bit last night. My comp doesn't like it.  I think it's the processor. I'll be installing the 32-bit vers instead. 
I intend to live forever. So far, so good but it could all go pear shaped 
I is goin to bed now 
I is good my a/c works again. I heard about you injuring ur little toe again. Ouch  sana sana colita de rana......
i is gotta go do dishes  be right back tho!
i is home and i is very tired 
I is hungery! But i cba getting up 
i is sad... 
I ish teh hungry.  &amp; @sjpianoprincess Awh! I miss you    *huuuuggggggg*  Hugs ftw xinfinity.
I itch 
I iz at a grad party for a friend. I however still gots 3 more yrs 
I iz lonely and wanting someone to cuddle with. 
I iz wanker.    anddd.... Not tired enough to sleep..      What shall i do?  http://tinyurl.com/ls9nde
I jammed my hand between a bench and a big poll today and it really hurt! 
I jiust wanna sleep but can't cuz I don't feel good 
I jjust woke up and it's funny I didn't mean to sleep this long... There goes my Saturday nite 
i joined costco this weekend. no one told me the loved me! 
I jokingly told my mom that I had a &quot;hot date&quot; tomorrow, and she asked &quot;what ever happended to chris?&quot; :-| I honestly wish I knew. 
I jon  no one did 
I jst 'covet after a neighbour's wife'..I hv sinnd 
i jst sneezed &amp;&amp; it sounded like a cannon.  im gnna read &amp;&amp; thennn sleeeeeep.goodnight twitterbugs&lt;3
I judge people on outer apperance.(spelling?) that makes me sad 
How can one person go from the best day in a long time to the worst  &lt;3 B
how can people say the right things, when you're other half of 11 yrs decides to sign up for a online dating service when your not home 
How can the Dbacks leave 16 mob?They fired BoMel for what?Long season ahead.  
how can the weather change sooooooo  much. wish i was somewere nice and hot right now 
How can they let us write abt something that we never &quot;touch&quot; before  why is &quot;Huong river&quot; why why why 
How can u forget your great love? your soulmate? how can u stop loving someone? 
How can u love some one who you havnt met? All i'll ever have is his voice on tape  I Love Brian Molko!!!
How can we have weather like this today after last weekend, what's wrong with this country 
how can we say to a 18 years old boy that he is not ok he doesn't have only depression we think someone did smth to him he is totally dif 
how can you grow old?! you were my triumph!!! 
How can you pull a muscle in your ass? Seriously i have issues! Ow the pain! 
How can you say that @beautifullex , your the biggest thing in my itty bitty world  lol
how can you tell that Hot Country Nights is back at 4th St? trucks taking up two spots everywhere in the garage 
How can?  #fb
How close was the cricket? Jeeeeee all down to one ball and the wrong result, Netherlands won 
how come @ddlovato never replies to me  all I wanna do is meet/talk to her.
How come anytime i want to re-tweet something and its over the 140 characteristics it wont allow me and the other person can! That sux! 
how come david archuleta doesn't answer.  hahaha.
How come every country seem's to have Fathers Day today, except us  At least we already had Fathers Day this year .
how come everyone else can see my new avatar but it still shows admiral adama on mine? 
How come everyone is going to sleep and I'm still stuck here?!? No fair!! 
How come I always forget to get something from the store...even though I made a list? 
How Come I Can Never Sleep Past?? Not Good 
how come i cant see my picture? 
How come I only have 1 follower??!! 
How come I'm always the mom, yet I'm the one who gets in trouble? love @CarlyFazio but so not happy about tonight's turnout 
how come i'm loosing followers? 
how come i'm so boring and unwanted? 
How come its nice all week then when I finally get a day off it rains 
How come it's so cold now?! A few days ago it was wicked nice out, now I feel like I need my winter coat back. 
I have to go to college now :/ Its 6:58am! wtf!!  I hate early mornings pfft! Have a good day yall :] xx
i have to go to court today... 
I have to go to ISO in a bit to get my readings on the Epic of Gilgamesh. I don't want to walk. 
i have to go to my grand mothers now  I dont wanna go they have no computer oh well i have my phone
I have to go to physical therapy! 
i have to go to school 
I have to go to school now  I'm the only one awake! D:
I have to go to sleeps. Tired 
I have to go to Stratford today 
I have to go to the Clinic.. My sister is sick   - In spanish: Porcina O: xdd parece :L
I have to go to the dentist later.  Only thoughts of the new Tokio Hotel website is cheering me up.
I have to go to the dentist soon.  I hate the dentist!! 
I have to go to the doctors tomorrow! More tests 
I have to go to the shop for presents but I don't wanna go alone and nobody's wanna go with me.. 
I have to go to the vet tomorrow to get my shots!! 
I have to go to Walmart 
I have to go to work today  Bad times... Ohh and I have a hot date with a word document later... Could I be more glamorous?
I have to go to work today  First time in  a fortnight - oh well need to pay for all the make up I bought!
I have to go WORK 
i have to go..  http://plurk.com/p/xsi4l
I have to hiccups again  it's been a rough day
i have to keep refreshing  #asot400
I have to learn but I don't want to  My motivation is gone
i have to learn for school 
I have to learn Math 
I have to leave #lofnotc now. It distracted me from my ear infection excellently. But now it has returned full force.  Bye comrads.
I have to leave for Wedding Action meeting and at this precise moment the weather has changes to a thunder storm. 
I have to leave for work soon 
I have to leave New Orleans 
i have to leave now  , bye everyone on twitter
I have to make a disc for my class. Why didn't they tell me earlier ? 
I have to make sure I dont tweet too much and get kicked off twitter again 
i have to miss miley's ths on e 
I HAVE TO MISS THE REST OF THE AWARDS. YOURE A MEAN @DAD   I still love you
i have to move on. guys, tell me how 
i have to mow the lawn.  at least theyres a pirates AND penguins game later today!
i have to open tomorrow... me no happy  
I jus deleted a album frm myspace by accident! I don't think I have all those pix anymore! 
I JUS FOUND MY I.D. FINALLY ; IT WAS IN THE LINT THINGY IN THE DRYER LOL ITS ALL BENT OUTTA SHAPE NOW  IM MAD
I jus got cussed out by my momma ......... 
I jus got scared ! 
I jus realized that today is a NO CARB day in my diet!! ...these days always make me very sad! 
i jus think god it wasnt my laptop but they did still my camera  i cried ...look at it this way someone needed it more then me
i jus wana leave everythin behind for a couple of months  god i'm so down right now
I jus watched the Oakland salon video.  We gotta do better!!
I jus woke up feeling like the bad guy...im sorry @crakk_King @iamjessfierce and @lyricalritta... 
i juss got the news that im NOT going to the jonas brothers concert bcuz its sold out!!! 
i jusst broke my chair 
i just  am a loaner  _:
I just &quot;love&quot; Monday mornings... 
I just _love_ finding bugs that have been in my code literally from grad school days. 
I just about give up with him 
I just accidentally flicked toothpaste into my eye. 
I just accidentally shrunk my favorite top...major fail.  
I just accidentally slammed my head against the edge of a table. Frinimey laughed. It hurts. 
I just accidently tore my baby toenail off 
i just added a new theme on the site... but then the header image doesn't want to show up 
i just arrived to barcelona T_T so tired!! missing delppph, the guuys, pariiiiis and  all the beautiful people who lives there!!   (L)
How come my hair is still fucking oily although I changed back to my won shampoo already. 
How come no one Twittered about Paul's birthday? 
How come today couldn't be topless day 
How come tweats have to be so short? 
how come we didnt have vampires in our college   why is the pale .. slightly weird looking guy  so damn attractive.. WHY WHY WHY
how come weirdo mofos r tryin to follow,i guess i say weirdo shit,i guess what im tryin to say is i want some real FUCKIN FOLLOWERS  !!!
How come what we want most we shouldnt have and what we have we throw away? 
how come whenever I'm around you, you always seem to knock me down? 
How could I sleep when my 360 is all alone.  
How could someone drive so recklessly and kill a cat?! I got there too late to even attempt to save it. I've never been so upset 
How could this situation get any worse 
How could you eat a baby pigglet!?  That's just crewl. 
How crap did that exam go   And now I'm stuck back at home :@ 
how dare AC/DC not tell me they were in Barcelona tomorrow  oh well, their loss.......
how dare it be sunny! 
how dare you all have exciting lives  everyone is going out tonight cept me! =(
How dare you trick me into watching scary movies! I am so not prepared for this. I need my teddy 
how dare you!! 
How depressing, an empty tic tax box 
how desperately sad does that last tweet make me sound  student times = almost anything for money  booooooohooooo.
how did i end up like this? 
HOW did i gain a lb in weight? iv been SO careful. cheese...i blame you 
How did i get stuck watchin over everything Smh Damn n im hungry  didn't have ne breakfast
How did I manage to schedule all my bills to eat my money all at the same time?  EVE, rent and phone are all within a couple days -.-
How did i miss that there's a 5th edition of Javascript:The Definitive Guide 
I have to open up the green pig tomorrow  exams next week, double  Can't wait for the stress to be relieved from my body!
i have to pack more boxes for my move to scotland....im so tired...need help  lol
I have to pee (fucking coffee)  sooo long until break time. 77 more letters...what to write, what to write..oh, used them all up.
I have to pee but there is nobody to take my spot 
I have to pee SO bad 
I have to peeeeeee so baaaaadlyyyy but the water is shut off 
I have to pick up photoshop, and the tablet tonight. Nowhere has it in white. So I'm stuck with it in black. Looks shitty w/ my macbook 
i have to play! no wait, i have to sleep 
i have to poop...  @sleezye89 is hogging the shitter
I have to redo my homework cause I spilt coke on my file &amp; I want to cry! 
I have to remind myself that some things just don't work out... especially when it comes to matters of the heart. 
I have to retake my Chapter 3 test for math.  I'm so bummed.
I have to return my students' first exam tomorrow.  They need to work on their study skills.
I have to reupload the damn thing again 
I have to revise chemistry while the weather is gorge outside and I cut the roof of my mouth on a crisp  Bah, some life I lead. ;P
I have to say Google is the lowest. How the hell am I supposed to decode this? http://tinyurl.com/l9rwjx I need to retrieve my password 
I HAVE TO SAY LOSING SOMEONE SPECIAL NEVER GETS EASIER.AS WILD HOUND DOG WOULD SAY BARK BARK.HELL I DONT KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS   
I have to say, I find it very hard selling on etsy.... sometimes discouraging 
I have to say.... I HATE being a girl sometimes. You ladies know what Im talking about!! The thing that goes at the end of a sentence. 
I have to see her everyday. I was sure all the feelings were fade away. And now I notice: I miss her to death. 
I have to send my mac to cali to get fixed.  *sniffle*
I have to shave me playoff beard 
i have to shower, i cant be bothered. 
i HAVE to sleep early.. 
i have to sleep in the spare room again. 
I have to sort out my Twitter apps access, i hate that they tweet to my account automatically 
i have to start on my world history project 
I just asked someone in this office (that I don't work at) for a newspaper &amp; was told, &quot;Why do you need a hard copy?! We don't do that!&quot; 
i just ate a curly wurly and I wanna eat the other one...I'm reeeeeally hungry 
i just ate a double cheese burger and i feel so sick 
I just ate a Ginsters sausage roll and 3 packets of fruit pastilles. I'm supposed to be eating healthily 
I just ate a Whole Bag of Salt 'n Vinegar chips...Here comes the Tummy Ache 
I just ate an uncooked pizza 
i just ate my last bagel bite 
I just ate so much Mac and cheese! 
I just ate some broccoli. 
i just ate subway at 12:00 at night. there is something wrong with me &amp; i am going to be a very fat nugget  i need to learn self control.
I just ate the best ice cream ever.  Sort of makes me feel better about school tomorrow  Also im un naturally tired for 8.30pm booo! ahhhh
I just ate the last of my jaffa cakes 
I just attempted to do my homework and once again I failed 
I just banged the shit out my head! And it hurt  ..
i just barely figured that noone likes baked goods 8 in the fucking morning. what a waste of 15 dollars. 
I just bawled my eyes out watching marley and me  sad movie!! I love my puppy!!!
I just bought FF5's new album it's brilliant. Lovin the remix's. Missin Lucy  and bye Nat &amp; Euge have fun, missin u guys already!!!
I just bought my first lottery ticket. They didnt ask for my id. 
How did I not know NOFX had a new album!? I'm such a bad fan 
How did the Air France flight AF 447 go missing? So scary. My heart goes out to the passengers aboard and their families. 
How did the night get so fucked up so fast...my baby brother got locked up tonight 
how did this even  happen? can i just rewind and to the last 4 years over? i wish so badly i had stressed a little less. im not ready 
How did this program work again??? Oh, now I remember... It didn't, that's why I'm here apparently 
How difficult is it, to just mean what you say? 
How dis the US manage to beat Spain in football? I'm sure everyone will analyse what went wrong 
how disappointing 
how do a twitter on my phone? I'm confused 
How do feel when your best friend goes away for the summer?  Not good.  Sorry Mr. B.  
how do i change my freaking twitter picture!!! IT WONT CHANGE 
how do i change my name!? is so stupid 
how do i contact you without a phone. Thats so last millenium 
how do i cram 16 hours sleep into just under 8   one wish tonight ..... i dream of you.
How do I end up as the f***in D.D. On my birthday... 
HOW DO I FIX ITUNES? 
How do i get home  looking for address on dude's mail to call a cab. (It's not what you think)
How do I go from feeling amused and happy to lonely &amp; disgusted with myself? Pls tell me.... 
How do I install twitterberry??? Hmmmmmmm. I love Sundays until I realize Monday is coming right up and J leaves 
how do I load a profile pic, it keeps telling me it's too big even though it isn't!!! AArrggghhh! 
How do i manage to be late for everything? Ugh. 
how do i put the pdf thingy on twitwall?  anyone? 
how do i reply to peoples twitter things on my phone? godddd twitters so confusing 
how do i save my dying plant? 
How do I stay motivated when I keep failing everything?!!?!... This sux 
How do i tell this dog that i may never see him again? How do i pull out of this parking lot without him? 
How do i turn this thingy off ugh 
how do i update my status on uber twiiter does anyone know? 
how do I vote for Mr twitter universe??? I'm a bit stuck 
How do people get little toddlers to cry in movies and music videos? it makes me really sad thinking about it... 
How do the older ones always act the youngest, it's funny how things turn upside down. I need to hold hands with somebody mature. 
i have to study ... joi am din nou examen 
I have to study all day. I have exams. 
i have to study for tomorrow's tests. this is gonna suck... 
I have to study like all weekend I can think of a million things I would rather do 
i have to study math!!! 
I have to study portuguese, but I dont want   oh gosh, bye bye twitters
I have to study soooo much today..  got 2 exams tommorrow and another 2 the day after. Burppp
i have to study, but I don't want to  it's so booooooring
I have to study, got 2 exams tomorrow... 
I have to take my baby to get neutered tomorrow.  poor kitty..
I have to take pee test but after two bottles of vitamin water I still can't go. 
I have to tell my pet paralegals I can no longer do their work for them. I feel so guilty. 
I have to TIP the cd onto itunes cause it's not playing as a cd anymore  i think i broke my earphones OR &quot;Carla&quot; doesn't like JB
I have to trade rooms 
i have to turn in the app. tomorrow 
I have to use a pen to get the microSD in and out of my enV2's card slot. My fingers are too big. 
i have to use the little girl's room *soo* bad ... but as soon as i leave, my boss will come in &amp; think i've been gone all morning. wah. 
I have to use WINDOWS MOVIE MAKER for our IT lesson omg!!1 such a noob program! I want my Final Cut 
I have to wait 11 more months for the new iPhone upgrade 
I have to wait a whole day to hear about god of war 3. I'm also working 
i have to wait an hour before i can put my a/c on!! 
I have to wait for a while  too bad..
I have to wait til' Thursday to watch the next Sonny with a Chance and JONAS Episode. 
I have to wait till July? Wtf??? Thanks, atl 
I have to wake up at 5 jealous?  dang
i have to wake up at 5 tomorrow to run 9 plus miles... fun 
I have to wake up at 6:50 
i have to wake up early.. boo  goodnight tweets *
I have to wake up in 3 hours to babysit for 12  cant fall asleepppp
i have to wake up in like 6 hours  no mommy
I have to work 10:30-6 tomorrow.  RRRRRRGH
I have to work alone on Saturday    ...anyone wanna come keep me company? COUGH COUGH.
I have to work from 8-Noon tomorrow.    S'alright though, I need the hours.
I just bricked my wii and had to send it away to Nintendo. Guess I won't be playing Punch Out! for a while 
I just broke a bottle, I should probably focus on work instead of thinking of more songgoeswrongs 
I just broke a brand new bottle of vodka 
I just broke it off with the Jewelery heir ppl - sooo sad and hard to do!! He was a great guy, just not for me 
I just broke my camera. Bye, old friend 
I just broke my cd 
i just broke my favorite black headband  i hate my life, blah i just woke up, i didnt get to sleep until 5, thanks @brittanypi haha,
I just broke my nail. Intensely. 
I just broke my scale by stepping on it! I didnt think i was that out of shape 
I just broke my toe 
I just burned my arm with the iron....ow it hurts 
I just burned my finger.  Don't play with lighters, kids!
I just burned my toung 
I just burnt my ear 
i just burnt my hand with a lighter 
i just burnt my hand with boiling water 
i just burnt my hand with boiling wax. I now have a massive and painful red mark.  
I just burnt my pizza and my left eye won't stop watering. WTF. Plus I have work again tonight 
i just burnt my popcorn 
i just burnt my tongue on easy mac 
I just busted my butt in the break room! ......no witnesses, but a bruise to prove it  
i just called my nanay and she started crying...i asked why and she said &quot;nahidlaw ako kinyo&quot; which means &quot;i miss you all&quot; 
I just called Telecom and they said I can't use the SciPhone ok there new XT service 
i just called westside pizza ta c wht they have bout the only thing i found out they had was bad customer service 
I just came back from @NewburyComics without buying anything. 
I just came back from Miami 
I just came back from my first day of HS. I can't imagine I'm going to go home at 7. I'm going to faint. 
i just came back from vortex springs in florida funn!!! im sunburnt tho 
I just came from an awesome party with my friend who is leavin S.A to study in the states.  good times tho! @RevRunWisdom
I just came off the phone with my BFF, Valentina! I call her Val, for short. It's only the 1st day schools been closed, and I miss her! 
I just came soo close to hitting a bunny  I'm glad I saw him. I would have cried..
I just came to blows with my frens. I don't want anything to do with them anymore. I guess I didn't know them as well as I thought I did 
how do they get someone who is 5'1 and not 6'0 lil ole me into a shot? 
How do u go from not missing a heartbeat to a simple hello, I love u every other day...?? *tear* I miss him a lot. 
How do u go to bed at 11 with a headache and wake up 7 hours later with it still 
how do u kill moths cause my deoderant can with tap on it in a sealed cupboard doesnt work 
how do u love someoooone? (8) 
how do u make it up to your kid when you break his fave toy? Esp when its the org 80s toy not a new copy? 
How do we disable EDGE on the OS 3 ??? I just lost all my units 
how do you add links in this &quot;What are you doing?&quot; box?  
How do you change the twitter background??? 
how do you change your picture on twitter from tweetdeck?? i had to go to the web to change 
How do you connect your cell to Twitter? I'm trying and it's not working 
how do you do the @ stuff?? Am I tweeting wrong. No more tweeting. Need to enter 430 charges 
How do you even prevent such fucked up dreams? 
How do you explain death to a 5 year old?? 
How do you fix lock jaw? This shit is killin me  can't even open my mouth...HOW AM I GONNA EAT??
How do you forget about your best friends birthday that u were with for nearly 4 years? I'm so sorry Jay, love u always xx 
hOw dO yOu get the strength ta let sOmeOne yOu lOve gO cuz i hOnestly dOnt knOw 
How do you know if a myspace is fake or not? 
How do you love someone, without getting hurt ? 
How do you read a book in a day? big or small.... 
How do you say dog in Chinese  (via #zenjar )
how do you sum up your love for a person in one letter... knowing that you'll probably never see them again after high school?  HELP!!
How do you treat your hand eczema @esbjornlarsen ?  Sounds as if it is sore today 
How do you tweet from phone 
how do you twiit on celebrity sites like I've been seeing its driving me crazy errrhhh 
how do you twitter? 
how do you write in APA style bibliography when theres more than one author!? lol help 
how do yu send comments orn twitter? thats if twitter even do that! jheeeze this isz confusing 
How does @nicolerichie come up with good baby names? I Cant! 
How does a mosquito bite you on the bottom of your foot?!?! Who knows, but it's hard to walk on... I'm all itchy 
i have to work in an hour and a half....starting dishwashing today. egh! really can't be bothered.... 
I have to work on fourth of july now  ugh
I have to work on homework all day  that sucks......and it's so nice out too :/
I have to work today   Atleast I don't start until 5....
i have to work today   i really just need to get motivated today before i go to work so i can get some stuff done today, that wont happen!
I have to work today. I hate work. 
I have to work today... Gonna miss a great day at CT.. 
I have to work tomorrow too sheli 
I have to work tonight... Its going to be rough bc I am already super sleepy! No time for a nap 
I have to work until 7 or so. You jies might have to go without me 
i have to work with my least favourite employee tomorrow  lame. but, tomorrow's Friday! D
I have to write 7 poems  I'm on the 4th one now
i have to write my bachlor final paper... but i just can't do it.. i fell to sad.. 
I have to write my speech,,,  and i don't have a topic 2 write about...  im so GOING TO FAIL..
I have tonsillitus and an ear infection  Someone make me smile?
I have too coldly 
I have too go to school 
i have too many bug bites on my legs. is there something living in my sheets? phantom spider? 
I have too many lips and i'm chewing on them all. 
i have too many stickers on my bebo 
I have too much empathy. I can't stop thinking about how the mother of the infant on board that Air France flight felt as it went down 
I have too much media coursework to do 
I have too much to handle today.  - http://tweet.sg
i have too much work to do 
I have toothache...it hurts 
I have training all day today...won't be able to tweet today.. 
i have tried 678 diff positions but i cnt get comfortable for shit 
I have tried many times but I can't turn my thingie green in support of #iranelection 
i have tried on i don't know a million outfits today and i can't find the right one. so today i am going to look like a mess at skool. 
I have trouble sleeping in this room. Its very hot and my sunburns don't help 
I have trouble with Starship troopers. They're mean to the great big pink bug. 
I have tummy ache  Turns out instant coffee, ice cream and marmite on toast doesn't make the best breakfast! Who knew?!
I have twenty four books to return to school. I can't see myself getting them all in tomorrow. 
I just can't be dealing with this fuckery 
I just can't catch a break... I killed my foot today and now I'm limping around 
I just can't explain what I am feeling right now. One thing for sure - It doesn't feel good 
I just cant find out how to jailbreak my Ipod!! Its soo annoying and waaaay too much downloding of too much crap. 
i just cant get out of this slump 
I just can't get over it... R.I.P Logan 
I just can't seem to do anything right today. maybe I should just take a nap. 
i just cant seem to get anything done 
I just can't seem to get better! Almost over 5 days of the flu... 
I just can't seem to get motivated today. All i want to do i sleep! I blame the Cambridgeshire Cloud! 
i just can't seem to wake up today  i think i need an iv drip filled with espresso
I just cant sleep! Something about needing to sleep makes me nocturnal! 
I just can't stop sneezing! 
I just can't win today. :/ hahah! my back hurts 
i just checkd your website.wow,very beautiful and interactive website!wish I could have like that too  seems your site is not that updated
I just cleaned Like my entire first floor at my house! Its lookin good yup! Now time to fix my herr. Lookin like a cat licked it. 
I just cleaned out my band locker 
I just crashed my moped and i got hurt more then it did   theres a lot of blood on me now lol
I just created this and have no followers 
i just cried  scrubs finale = :'(
i just cried because I watched the last episode of The O.C. I'm sad it's over.  I need to buy the third one of, One Tree Hill.
How does Ambien wear off or not take effect? I took it over an hour ago.. WTF? I want sleep NOW! My brain hurts 
How does everyone stay up so late?!  I'm tired as hell...
how does everyone think that shes talking about justin....? i mean really, whys everyone think that? 
how does getting food take five hours? 
How does it feel when you see your people dying for their freedom and here no one even knows where #iran is on the map. who cares i guess 
How does it matter..India lose or win the match..  They made our country very disappointed..!
How does my own laugh make me laugh now? But then when I think why it's funny I get sad 
How does one file for bankruptcy? 
How does semi-formal dress code look like? Man, i dont even have anything close to formal for tomoro 
How does someone get tricked into thinking they are in love. 
How does this work 
how drunk can a skunk get? im just hung over 
How embarrassing is it to have a Russian newspaper make fun of us for abandoning capitalism in exchange for Obama-flavored fascism?  Wow! 
how exciting. @Corum soring on the couch at 9:15 
how fast my world's just come crashing down 
How frustrating and painful it is to bring good news of jesus to people inoculated by religion... miss authentic gospel community. 
How funny is it that &quot;SATs&quot; is trending? So glad my college-applying life is over. More scared than excited for college though 
How gay that i just got home and my boyfriend is most likely asleep so i cant call him. 
How goes the day in #brighton... am missing home  http://tinyurl.com/c6bou4
how good is having a completely responsible boyfriend who cares about you. Sorry Mr. P 
how hard is it anyways? can anyone tell me hw to do it 
How hard is it for sum1 to actually talk to me?  http://myloc.me/2U6f
How hard is it to find a picture of a white van in a scenic area  Very it seems.
how hard is it to programmatically create an empty PDF.....apparantly not difficult  Probably an error in the original dataset
I have two baby ducks with me...Their mom was being chased by a cat &amp; flew away  I'm sitting outside with them to see if she hears them...
I have two hours to wait for my tire to get repaired. 
i have two midterms tomorrow.....  well bout to get my 3.5 hours of sleep so i can wake up and study again!!!
I have two more days of freedom. Then the summer semester starts. 
I have updated to OS 3.0, went to the bathroom, but remote wipe didn't work.  
i have very devestating news...my phone drowned in a cup of water that was in my car  i am phoneless! the horror the horror! :'(
i have W orientation tomorrow. gonna be loads of fun. 
i have water in my left ear  no bueno.
I have way too many mosquito bites though. I got one on my ass today 
I have way too much stuff 
I have weird followers. 
i have work  in three and a half hours 
I have work 4-10 
I have work in 11 Hours. Sad louie. 
I have work to do  I will be back l8r (I hope)
I have work tomorr 
I have work wayyy too much this week. Also, someone stole my desk at my internship and now I'm under the cold vent. 
I have yet still to eaten anything today... I am hungrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyy... 
I have zero idea how to play spymaster, so i'm sorry if i spammed you  #spymaster
I have, like, the WORST hay fever right now and my eyes are stinging like crazy  my only downside to summer.
I haven’t said that !;O  And I hope they don't! 
I haven't *talked* to @beneubanks all day.  Kinda sad 
I haven't been doing so well with my new regime, as i think i've got a cold, i feel so ill 
I haven't been getting Twitter updates on my #VZW phone all morning - just saying. 
I haven't been in this much pain since watching Glitter!  Send me your methods for dealing with the flu .. Tylenol obviously isn't working
I just cried looking at the pics of @kimmyawesome's dog 
i just cried my eyes out!! :'( my grandparents left  i'm already missing the much! &lt;3 i love them and wish them the best! bon voyage! &lt;3
I just cried so hard watching Rob &amp; Big. Big Black moved out 
I just cut my anklee. 
I just cut my finger with scissors. I'm a klutze! Owwww 
I just cut my son's locs off (2.5yrs worth) Now its my turn (7yrs worth) pray for a brotha!!!  
i just cut up my heel on stupid @bchampy06 weights that i can't move 
I just deleted a lot of songs 
I JUST DELETED MY BLOG   I decided that I want to regroup and decide what direction I want to take the blog!
I just destroyed topshop. Spent too much again  x
i just did extraction of wisdome tooth for my wife, it was  the most difficult case i ever did   DON'T treat ur relatives, DON'T hurts thm
i just did my homework, argh i hate math. 
I just did something terrible to my back... This is not good... 
I just did something terrible. I got up and snacked on something spicy. Need to go to bed but if I lay down it will burrrrnnnn... 
I just did the meta tag analyzer on my Etsy shops and got nothing  http://bit.ly/pxGeV
I just did the Russell Howard dinosaur design-flaw thing and no-one saw it but me  But I need to entertain myself somehow lol
i just did the sweetest ol boy, he was 88 and telling me about when he was in the war 
I just dislocated my middle toe  but now I'm getting ready for a big water balloon fight with the Rec kids!
i just don�t get it. what am i supposed to do here? 
I just don't feel like me without an avatar 
How hard..   I have found a college where I plan on moving but how can I work full time+afford rent+bills+prior student loans &amp; new loans
How has it been a month and a half since graduation???? 
How heroes must work: sylar must become evil  and elle must die which will spur such evil.
How i feel today 
how i hate the rain 
how i loose 3 followers  numbers getting smaller everyday
How i met your mother is on! I got kicked off the computer though 
How i miss inbooklet....  #creativetechs
how i was hyper at 5 in the morning idk but not n e more 
how I wish google chrome had RSS discovery... I hate opening another browser to find the feed 
how I wish I could be at #gr8conf now... 
How I wish I could turn myself invisible, just for a day..... 
how i wish i'm with my father on this special day.. 
how i wish she understands me. I love her and i know she loves, but how come she's so selfish. What about priorities, time, myself? 
How in the hell did I end up following someone with the word &quot;mistress&quot; in their screen name? #followFAIL 
how in the hell did u find that out 
How in the name of all that is holy did it get to be nine 
How is everybody? Im sick 
how is everyone else in ohio getting a great thunderstorm except us in cincy.... 
how is everyone liking the OS 3.0 update?  I haven't been home to download it yet 
how is it 8pm on Sunday night already... 
i haven't been on here in forever! too many wedding plans going on and i think i need a phone with web access 
I havent been on here in forever.. Its my golden Birthday I am 23 on the 23 of June yay for me but not a thing planed 
I haven't been on this darn thing for years... I hardly remember how to do things. 
I haven't been on Twitter for ages! I have a blinder  going for a bubble bath 
I haven't been on twitter forever  Enjoying my summer!!
I haven't been outside ALL day. been stuck in bed 
I haven't been playing piano for ages, and it really shows. I suck!  Perhaps I should practice some more...
I haven't been plurking much. maybe that's why +0.03 ln Karma q. t.t  http://plurk.com/p/xv7h1
I haven't been this bored in years 
I haven't been to cold stone creamery in a long time  my favorite is cookie dough, I want some right now now now now now
I haven't been to sleep yet and I'm very tired but I can't sleep  Typical!
I havent been tweeting lately  *tears* But Ive been so biusy! Im going to the library (NERD!!) to gets a book pour moi ;)
I havent been twittering lately 
i havent eat for almost a day 
i havent eaten a thing all day. 
i haven't eaten anything but popsicles for 48 hours. i'm craving some real food..but i'll prolly throw it up 
I haven't eaten. I'm hungry  and my dad already started fighting. We're waiting for the cable guy to finish. But we have no stove
i haven't even got 30 followers yet 
I haven't even seen it for like a week or 2 so GOD knows where it is. 
I haven't felt this bad, in a whileeee 
I haven't felt this completely alone in a long time.. And the only one i think about seems impossible to connect with at times 
i havent felt this emo in a while  
I haven't felt this sick in a loooong time 
i havent followed my followers yet cuz this goddamn mobileweb wont let me see my followers list 
I haven't forgotten about sending the Maxwell single to you guys - my internet isn't active til tomorrow  g'night tweeps!
I haven't gone grocery shopping in a long time, so I'm out of Yop or granola bars to snack on in the morning.  I'm starving. 
I haven't gone sheesha smoking in a loooong time  Maybe tomorrow? &gt; *starts planning*
I haven't got a new iPhone and everyone else is ripping theirs apart  http://bit.ly/swmUO
I haven't gotten a single tweet today.. By this time i have at least twenty. What Wrong?? And yesterday there was only about five tweets 
I just don't know 
I just don't know how to do it at all, because I am lame like that 
I just don't make sense today.. 
I just don't understand how people can bring a convicted offender into their home with kids in the first place...it's a real shame   h ...
I just Don't understand how the hell others really work (do they really do??) in such a hot enviro 
i just dont want miss u tonight.. 
I just dowloaded an audiobook for which I have no room on my iPod Touch 
I just downloaded Night at the Museum 2, and it was in Spanish 
I just downloaded the new 3.0 software, and all it does is make me want a new iPhone 3gS!  
i just downloaded twitter i need a more exciting life to equal more exciting twwets 
I just drank hot tea with loads of honey... It was supposta make me feel better... But it made me feel worse 
I just drank tea without eating and now I feel sick too  This has not been my week.
I just dreamed I put Gilbert in the oven.  
I just dreamt I was at a Growing Pains reunion and Alan Thicke was a dbag. Sad 
i just droped my lap top try ed to catch it and cut my finger now im bleeding 
I just dropped my last piece of gum on the floor, on a dead fly.  
I just dropped off Joaquin at the train station   I hate him working weekends
I just drove over a turtle  
I just drove over my cat with my Jeep now we have to put it to sleep 
i just dunno what to do.  I'm not creative enough to think of something haha
I just ejected Otis the wrong way because my computer went all freezy.  
I just electricuted myslef. owwie  im going to sleep. my arm hurts now
I just erased all my pictures of my phone I'm devastated 
I just explained how Google crawls, indexes and ranks sites using concentration camps as a metaphor. 
I just failed at being manly. Sometimes it's just easier to have dad do those things 
I just feel bad for Jon and Kate's poor kids. How do you shuffle 8 kids back and forth? 
I just feel I'm not belong here! 
I havent gotten my mcfly DVD's yet  i was supposed to get them today, but i guess they got held up...
I havent gotten paid!  #BSB
I haven't gotten started on prepping my essays for my massive exam next Saturday. 2 exams before that one too  Must get ass in gear...
I haven't gotten to talk to any of my ninjas in a long time 
I haven't had a day this bad in a long time. It just keeps piling on 
I haven't had a night with my Xbox in over a month 
i haven't had any frozen yogurt today and i am sadddddd 
I haven't had one customer yet   sad.
I haven't had tv in like 6 days not joking  I am missing all my shows I'm watching the latest james bond movie So good!! next is mall cop!
I haven't heard from Jon Bauer. Did he forget? :-/ Or just blow me off? 
I haven't heard this 'Abbey has Swine Flu' song 
I haven't left the house in the last 3 days. Tomorrow might change that 
i havent listened &quot;Before The Storm&quot; yet  i hope i could!!
I haven't loose a pound! 
I haven't made a purchase over £50 as a business, so I can't get a Makro card yet  x
i havent made a single tweet all day  .. and now i just wanted to say im off to bed - night night xox
I havent missed a CT @bowwow614 concert until today....so disappointed 
I haven't played tennis since 1989. I vividly remember it b/c a smart-aleck Connecticut Yankee beat the dog out of us! 
I havent seen my sister since sunday. I miss her shit tea  but i cant go outside coz I keep getting bloody headaches.
I haven't seen that....I don't think 
i haven't seen the flicker of light again... 
i haven't seen the movie yet 
I haven't seen the sky this blue since Oregon. Pity the river isn't as blue here as it is there  more shopping trollies here too.
I haven't sketched in forever....so bad.  Going to try and set aside time this weekend.  It will be raining anyways 
I havent slept in 24 hours and I played basketball today I am dead tired but I cant fall asleep 
I haven't slept in almost 2 days and I am just getting worse and worse. 
I haven't slept in past 8:30 in forever! I missssssssss it 
I haven't spoken to my employee yet cause I'm still pretty pissed, but I know he is going to deny it 
I haven't spoken to my honey @Ari_So_Focused in fowever 
i haven't talked to my best friend all day. i miss him  (p.s. i can see cely rolling her eyes at me.)
I haven't tweeted in 4-ever! Colorado was fabulous but all good things must end...came home 2 90 degree weather and a failing A/C unit! 
i havent twitterd all dayy  but hey im here.
i haven't twittered alll day..haha badd.well i've been feeling really lazy todayy.honestly idk whats wrongg.my throat hurts 
i haven't twittered in 12 days  siiinnn
I haven't twittered in days... I'm too ashamed of my failure at dieting. I just feel like a big fat failure!    
I haven't unpacked my suitcase yet and I just spilled juice on my last pair of clean jeans  - Laundry just became official!
I havent updated in over 2 weeks. wow. sorry  Just having 2 much fun w. summer. It's wayyyyyyyyy better than school. Goin 2 forks, WA :o)
I haven't voted yet 
I haven't watched the movie,,, wanna see it asap... 
I haven't watched the new FMA series in weeks 
i havent woken up scared from a bad dream in years...im talkin like 12 or 13 yrs... this dream felt like a warning...i need to pray more 
i haven't worked out in so long, ew. Seriously, since when did doing 20 crunches make me smell like a man? 
I haven't worked out in two weeks  Going for a run, gotta get back on track, the vacation is over !
I havent. Tweeted in a while...  @headlinegirl is dope
I Having The Hardest Time On Finding Chemical Apparatuses. 
I havnt been paid EMA 
i havnt revised like all day&amp;have a 3 hour english lit exam on mnday. wish me luck 
I havn't seen any of my friends in such a long time  i miss you all.  I didn't get my haircut in the end because god told me not to -lol-
I havnt twitted in a while! Ive been moving! The big move is tomorrow!  Thats not a good thing! Boohoo.
i havnt worn jeans in so long, hatee this cold weatherrr 
I haz a headache 
I haz a headache  and I dun like it  Make it goes away!
I haz a migraine  Doesn't bode well for getting any revisions done. Hopefully it'll go away soon.
I haz a wet spot on my bed. But not a warm yummy one, this one is cold  stupid leaking water.
I haz hangover. I'm off the walk the dogs, see if I can clear my muggy bonce 
I haz iPhone 3GS but home internet is down 
I haz sad. ITV is canceling Primeval. 
i haz tummy ache... 
I just feel lyk..............Y.............?????????????? 
I just feel so....meh 
i just fell 
I just fell and busted my knee..today is NOT a good day 
i just fell off the back of the moty and dad laughed at me cos  ahahah
i just fell too hard running up the stairs and my grandma is laughin at me 
I just felt an overwhelming urge to watch 'Doc Hollywood' again. Too bad it's not on @hulu. 
i just figured it out, im detoxing from coke.  i could totally use a cherry coke right now but we are out.
i just filled out a juror's questionaire! i better not get summoned..its almost finals... 
I just finish my book. Now i don't know what to do. Sleep isn't an option 
i just finish reading the book of mormon.. i already finish 2 chapters  cause the rain did not stop pouring the whole day... 
I just finished a book, and I STILL can't sleep 
I just finished installing the garbage disposal  I am really not feeling the fact I just did that... 
i just finished my last ice skating class and im sad sad sad. I wanna skate some more!  I can spin now 
I just finished putting my baby's crib together I'm beat 
I just finished reading 'my sisters keeper' and holy shit i am sitll balling my eyes from it! i dont know how someone can right that sad! 
I just finished Spring sem @ OCC...can't wait to start skool again...this time @ RCC...bummer i know  XoXo Mimmi
I just finished watching my 'EX' husband (John Cena) on TV loosing in the Royal Rumble or some shit to Triple H. 
I just finished watching the most depressing episode of house 
how is it cold in the middle of june? i miss american weather 
how is it not sunday yet? i swear the last episode of 'true blood' was on, like, 3 weeks ago. 
How is it only 3pm? I have another 90 minutes left  I want to go home.
How is it only wednesday? this week is going unbelievably slow.. Have to give a tour first thing tomorrow, I may collapse with tiredness 
How is it sunday already? 
How is it that all it take is one person to ruin your birthday. 
how is it that i got a charley horse that goes from the tip of my toes to my knee? hurt like a bitch.  http://tinyurl.com/p5n3tj
how is it that i took my new medicine and i only feel worse 
how is it that these other feez twitt u n u respond but wen i do u dont? @bobbybkdreams :-/ so sad now 
How is one to survive on coffee without sweeteners?!  However, I try... maybe caffeine's more potent bitter.
How is sleep still evading me when i only got 4 hours last night? I wish i didn't have to open at 8 
how is the weekend already over?  back to school work 
how is the weekend over so quickly? 
How is this MFer gonna kill her on her honeymoon? Look, you don't like me, don't date me. Leave me alone, don't marry me and then off me. 
how is this one girl sooo perfect? great great night and i dont wannit to end 
How is today so stressful already? I almost just poured myself a glass of wine, but then realized it's 8 AM 
How lame is fring, i dont see anyone but me saying anything on twitter 
HOW LONG ARE THESE PIZZLE STUNT'Z GUNNA LAST 
how long does it take before i finally get over you? I can't 4get you and still missing you ... That fucking hurts like hell 
How long does it take Microsoft to action an new 'Technet Plus Direct' order? My CC hasn't been charged; no communication 2 days later. 
how long have I not been signed on my aim and yahoo??? I didn't kno I was logged out 
How loud does the rain want to be? Woke me up 
how many civilian casualties are we talking about? WHERE IS THE UNREASONABLY HIGH LINE? 1 dead, 100, 1000, 10000? 17 713? 
How many days til you feel 100% after the flu?  apparently more than 7.    came home early from work.  SUCK!!
How many hours are productive in a day? Do you really need to be 8 hours in an office? I think not! I hope this will change soon 
How many hours left in my workday? 4. 
How many jobs will go to the shitter b4 i even start!!!???  UGH!!! i'll do nething i just want money!!!! 
How many ministers with pro-life views get shot? This is disgusting - and it happened when he was at church. 
How many people are NOT going to bamboozle? You can be all depressed and gloomy with me.  &lt;|3
How many people does the &quot;britney vids&quot; spam multiple times? He never stops. I FEEL LIKE WRINGING HIS NECK!  grrrrr
How many times can I break till I shatter? . . .  http://plurk.com/p/12hdsw
How much do I hate the N85? Lots. After demonstrating how to Bambuse on adland.tv to lots of people the screen quit working. 
how much do i wish i was still living in vegas tonight? i'd be chasing hockey players through the casinos  #fb
how much I slept?This american life tire me a lot...warm and humid weather and debian sid is crashing too much... 
How much i wish i could hold him in my arms for one last time! 
How much more rain can we get ? 
how much the da vinci code sucks...
how n why wasn't I invited @EvetteWilliams 
How NOT to get out of jury duty http://tinyurl.com/ddr34b woulnd't want him on my jury anyway! 
How rubbish, o2 won't let me prebook the new iPhone in town so going to have join the queue at 9:02 
How rude! Death by sprinkle ingestion! But they wont let me 
How sad 
How sad  http://bit.ly/11k7uD
how sad !!!!!  rip md
How sad I just learned Farrah Fawcett had died  may she RIP
How sad i only woke up with one unread text message! 
How sad is it that i'm resorting to being an agent for Avon to get a bit of extra money  bad bad times!
How sad is it when your dog dances better than you do? 
How sad that JG Ballard has died, Megan and I were only just speaking about 'Empire Of The Sun' yesterday 
how sad was Hollyoaks 
I hear a puppy crying 
I hear cats fighting outside. How come I never see awesome stuff like that when I'm actually -outside-? 
I hear it's going to be the highest pollen count of the year 2day. I'm going to a nature reserve. 
I hear Justin Timberlake was on SNL tonight? I keep missing this good tv.  It's cause I never seem to turn it on anymore   He's a cutie!
I hear owwie noises coming my tummy  owwie! I don't feel good! Nope not good at all.
I hear robert pattinson is not going to be on red carpet 2day.  
I hear she is going down hill...    These very selfish, defensive, GREEDY people took the ONLY person she loves &amp; loves her away.
I hear that The Da Vinci Code sucked too.
i hear this song &amp; now im think n of her man i miss that gurl &amp; its only day 1 tear 
I hear we won against Kazakhstan in the football, 4-0! Not that I know since it was on bloody Setanta Sports, which I haven't got!! 
i hear ya @fuelbot, i just don't know if my psyche can handle the misogyny and violence the film is sure to subject me to 
I hear ya, love. Except I've had week-drop + crazy subdrop... rt @nayali: is experiencing 'weekend drop.' 
I hear you, Thunderstorm. Can you please wait until I get to work? 
I heard an accident outside and ran to the window. I can't see. There's trees in the way.  It's just a fender bender anyway. Boo.
I heard Emma Watson might not be returning for the next Harry Potter film, which would really suck.
I heard quest crew was partying at the bank sat night too... Guess we barely missed them  bummer.
I heard strange, high-pitched squealing outside, the window was open. It's thunderstorming and there are baby raccoons crying. 
I heard Taylor Swift was at BevCenter yesterday. omg! but I was off work!  I want to go to her concert....
I heard that George was in NYC this weekend and I missed him! OMG! I could just die! 
I heard that Glamour Kills is doing a pre-order for Nothing Personal with the new ATL? shirts Monday. OMFG wish I had a store near me 
i heard that Shahid Afridi is not going to play today 
I heard that this is the last season of Nip/Tuck. 
I heard the backdoor open. The aliens have arrived. 
i just finsh taking a 2 hour long nap. it would have beenlonger but the phone started RINGING!!!!!! dumb phone 
I just finshed a day with the family but back in my mind I still wonder why he hasn't called me I just know I did something wrong to him 
I just found a spider on my bed 
i just found my old,  broken, pink ipod nano. poor thing 
I just found my xanga! Lol. Back in the day when &quot;lol&quot; was new and using &quot;y&quot; and &quot;u&quot; wasn't stupid and when I used to say oam  good times.
i just found out i have to work today 
i just found out it is totally possible to drool out your nose... possible, but painful  
i just found out my grampa has cancer  he is 87 and he is going to die forshure
i just found out my grandma got into a accident today.. 
I just found out my Lola went to the hospital 
I just found out one of my best friends is moving to North Carolina in a month and a half..  I could seriously cry right now.
I just found out one of the teacher's at my high school died. I never had her, but her husband was my teacher in 11th grade. I'm so sad. 
I just found out really bad news   @killrachel
I just found out that Farrah Fawcett has passed away after her long battle with cancer. God bless her family!  
i just found out that it's Golden Week in Japan. no manga 
I just found out that my father got laid off a few weeks ago 
I just found out that my favorite show &quot;Life&quot; got cancelled   I freaking hate NBC!!
I just found out that my international calls were worth 10000 INR 
I just found out that Robert Pattinson was hit my a taxi while running away from some crazed fans!!  I feel so sorry for him!!  
I just found out that the iPhone 3G S isn't out yet in Portugal  I hate this...
I just found out that there's swine flu here in L.A. 
How sad.  Farrah Fawcett died before she could marry Ryan O'Neal 
how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too. 
How sad....another MGM dolphin has died... 
How sleepy am I! I don't know! I've been sleepy the whole week!  
How stupid I was for ruining this beautiful day! If only I could control my feelings and emotions better 
how stupid that i cant put a pic on here 
how the crap am i gonna get through tomorrow without the IT guy??? 
how the EFF are they out  not a good day for me &gt;
how the fuck did i losses service in my own room!? .. gay, gay, gay  uhhhhh. i hate fathers day. peeeeeeeace.
how the fuck did i not realize anberlin was NEXT WEEK?  this is too depressing.
how the fuck is a 24 hour grocery store gonna be closed?    how am i gonna fix my watermelon craving?!
How the fuck u miss a damn layup!! I don't give a fuck if ur a rookie!!! Soooo upset right now 
How the Heck do you get rid of the hiccups!? I think i'm broken 
how the heck do you hack an xbox 360! friggin 10k on games IS NOT funny! 
how the hell am i going to write this french paragraph without @solisitation 
How the hell am I suppose to sleep with all this loudness 
How the hell did I forget to lotion this morning, its like a daily thing and I forgot... I'm already itching! 
How the hell did I get talked into doing so many shots?! Oh man my heads banging!! I should've left when I planned on leaving! 
How the hell did I leave my house witout my damn wallet when I'm tryna go out tonite. Dammit! Gotta go back 2 Stone Mountain rite quick 
How the hell do I change my background image? Somebody HELP MEEEE! I know its in settings but it keeps giving me an error! 
how the hell do i go see a couple of friends in a show- come home EXHAUSTED and manage to stay up working on things until 3:30am? 
how the hell do i upload a pix!!! it dont let me 
How the hell do u send pics with twitterberry?!? 
How the hell I am I going  to get to work today. It is pouring. 
how the hell is greggs no open on a sunday :@ a forget every week and still manager to walk up to see haha 
how the hell those stupid ads can work?! i hate them 
How tired do I feel? Extremely  can't wake up!
How to balance time for creation and communication? Feeling mutually exclusive today 
I just found out that we're moving.  (:
I just found out the original 'cchristiansen' was taken by some old guy! 
I just found out today that I will be working every single day this week  which means waking up at 530am every morning  meh.
i just found out today that my bestfriend is back to her old habit again.. sad 
I just found toms on sale at nordstrom for 20 bucks....but they dont have my size 
I just freaked because its so sunny-i thought it was like 12 n we miss our bus hahaa 
I just fried my power board, bugger 
I just fucked up tracy's hair...awe 
I just fully caught up on some twitters.  @mikemeagan &amp; @tbone37 I am sorry I neglected your twits when I was in Oregon. 
I just gave my daddy his fathers day presents &lt;3 He loved them, but one of them was broken  FML
I just gave myself an almighty paper cut from a cranberry carton 
I just get used to PayPal's creative accounting techniques and now they've changed it?.  Now fees are &quot;hidden&quot; within transactions.
I just git my self injured from the game SIPA! 
i just got &quot;hug-raped.&quot; 
I just got a &quot;you're pissing me off!&quot; from kenneth 
I just got a bunch of money for graduation, but i cant spend any of it. It all goes toward paying for college. 
I just got a call to work saturday 
i just got a craving for scrambled eggs 
I just got a follow request from a woman who had a porn message on her page. Porn followers, i.e., fake entities, have infected twittter? 
I just got a fruitshoot that wouldn't open, like literally the little cap thingy won't pop up  it's practically welded in. HELP
i just got a HUGE craving for cheeze itz...but i dont have any at my house 
I just got a iphone &amp; i restore it by mistake and i didn't do backup now its not working at all what 2 do ??  
i just got a letter from my father, all i thought about was you, and how i love you. but it means nothing. 
I just got a meningitis shot 
i just got an email from eharmony for free matches. i never signed up for that, they must know me too well ugh 
I heard The da Vinci Code sucked.
i heard this big loud row, so i thought maybe jonas brothers are in their plane, untill i realised it was next door getting their bin out 
I heard this whole week was supposed to be shitty! Cloudy, rainy, ugly! 
I heard 'Up' was sad 
i hearrr sizzlingg. oh snapp thats my brain frying because its taking in too much information 
I heart @selenagomez she is awesome amazing i tried calling her saynow during live chat it was busy so sad 
I heart french fries but they're makin my tummy hurt for some reason 
I heart movie dates with my dad and long dinner convos with Mo &amp; Michelle (missed you @stephiepooh!) Fat headache at my frontal lobe! 
i hit a bird with my truck on the way to work today 
i hit a pothole and got a flat tire and that isnt gonna be free 
I hit motorcycles.  
I hit my head cause I was hopping down the stairs on one foot... 
i hit my head this morning@DjJonBlak  and now there's a lil knot  . smh
i hit my nose on the roof of the car and my nose was bleeding cos i cut all of the inside of my nose 
I hit the snooze button 4 times before I actually got up! I love the weeknd! I can't breathe through my nose!   good morning twittrs!
I hit two hundred updates &amp; didn't notice  going to shower, do my hair &amp; get ready to go shoppin and maybe get a quick nap in! 5 1/2 hours
i home my prada 2 is home 
I honestly believe I'm losing my mind   
I honestly bought the hype that #Windows7 was a revolutionary new version of Windows. Still the same junk basically. 
i honestly cant handle any more fucking news from the cab. fucking cant do it.  i. am. so. anxious. i could cry. 
I honestly don't know who played worse rugby today - the #Lions or #England 
I honestly don't think i will get the hang of this twittering, just when I think i have sussed it, disaster! 
i honestly dont understand how to use twitter sum1 help me pleaaaase?  haha
I honestly feel like I'm not healing or getting any better. This is not good 
i honestly feel like rikki and vikki from double shot at love. like when you like more than one person how the hell do you pick?  helppp.
i honestly have the worst eating habits ever. I need to change that but it's so hard not to be tempted by crap food 
i honestly think im going to cry when i get dragged onto oblivion! 
i honestly think its dont talk to shelby day 
I honnestly don't know what to ask for when my friend goes to Europe 
I hope @bewarexhaley reads these cause I miss her so fucking much and really want her to come back 
I hope @denisepagulayan will really buy me the iPod Touch!! Pleaseee 
I hope @DonnieWahlberg doesn't think I am a poor soldier for loving #NKOTB and #BSB 
i hope @PeytonCameron can come back ova 
I hope @primajess is having lots of fun! Miss her and sad I couldn't see her tonight  I'm off to bed. Early morning! xo
I HOPE @PRINCESSAPRIL21 AND @LOVELYALEX23 ARE UNDERSTANDING THAT I MIGHT NOT MAKE IT 2NITE. HAVE TO BE AT WORK AT 6AM...SMH 
I hope @thisstarchild has not been fried sunbathing 
I hope 7th doesnt suck! 
I hope a bug ate my followers and I did not lose them 
I hope alex is going to come over today but shes way sick i hope she gets feeling better i love her so much and shes way sick 
I hope all those bad things weren't about me 
I hope Alonso doesn't leave 
I hope Andrew does great today! Going to bed.... Work tomorrow 
I hope breaking bad season 3 doesn't really take until Jan to air. That's what they say on amc's forums. 
I hope Cappie chooses Casey! I hate the fact that I have to wait 3 months before I found out. 
I hope da guy comez 2moro 2 do my tattoo hez had excuzez 4 da pazt 2 dayz kerpin me waitinz all diz long timez  how dare he lolz
i hope Dana is okay 
I hope DeeJae is better today. She had a bit of a sore throat last night 
I hope everyone had a great weekend!! I wish it weren't Monday already... sigh 
I hope everyone had fun celebrating @Tricesayso bday... Sorry I couldn't make it 
I hope everyone has a nice Saturday! It's warm here and we are staying home having a lazy day. Trying to get over my headache 
I hope everyone hates working on their birthday - especially when its on a Monday - it sucks! 
I hope he look and smile with me 
I hope i am not sick    that would suck 
I hope I can do my driving exam in the next 2 month. Otherwise I won't be able to go that roadtrip with my bf 
I hope I can get more than 4 hours of sleep tonight. I feel dead. 
I hope I can get to the DIY event this Saturday @okcCoCo. Related: Can't come to the Jelly today. Got to hang out with the plumber 
I hope I can keep my eyes open today. And tomorrow and the day after tomorrow... and so on 
i hope i can sleep cuz i sure can't breathe.  i just developed a cold   blech!
I hope I can stay awake for the MTV Movie Awards...I'm really going to try but I'm already tired 
I hope i could have a tattoo soon  really wish to have a tattoo but seems like my parent are disagree 
I HOPE I DID DA RITE THING!!!!!! 
i hope i didnt do bad on my exams! 
I hope I didn't lose any of PJ's equip.  Wake up to message from him. 
I hope i didnt offend any of my celeb followers.    i do it all for the love.
I HOPE I didnt so far not looking so good 
I hope I didnt store anything personal into my Ipod, since its in the hands of Matthew now. This is Day 3 of me without it 
I hope i don't cry tomorrow ! 
i hope i dont fail, i hope i dont need my palmcards to much i am getting off sooon to practice 
I just got attacked but not one, but two, beetles in my bedroom. I hate bugs so much. 
I just got attacked by a spoon. 
I just got back from an art exhibition at my school. I saw my art work, but didn't look as good as I thought it was. 
I just got back from lunch at Rick &amp; Brian�s Cafe with my father; I had the French Dip and it was good, but his omelette was burnt. 
I just got back in from outta town like 30 minutes ago...let's just say I'm fricken wide awake ugh! 
I just got back to London to discover.....still no tickets 
i just got banned from the channel on jtv the stove , they were ganging up on me DONT go to that channel they told me im ugly 
I just got bashed on Bebo by someone I don't have anything to do with. I'm not really sure why... 
I just got beat down by a couple Snorks.   
i just got bit by a fucking do my leg hurts so bad 
I JUST GOT BLEACH ON MY FAVOURITE TANK TOP!  NOOOOOOOO!!!!!! im not having a good day!
I just got busted for drinking 
I just got called creepy by @ladyleet!  I'm anything but creepy.
I just got caught going through my bf's texts hahahahaha  but he's not mad
I just got cut off at Armando's  two 3 shot margaritas and a single.. ARE YOU JOOOOKING??
I just got destroyed by a practice test. Hold me 
I just got done entering my submission for the iPhone 3Gs  giveaway @theiphoneblog.  Page 50  this is what I wrote http://bit.ly/3hpi25
I just got done playing my Death Knight on Eredar (PvP). My second night in Hellfire Peninsula and I still have not engaged in any PvP 
i just got done talking to my white boy, whose on vacation for 2 weeks. now im bored, sad, and lonely 
I just got eye shadow blown all over me 
I just got Fired from my job 
I just got followed by a sexbot on twitter....    first step to myspace quality...
i just got hit in the head with a swing. Fuckkkk. 
I just got hit on by the new guy at the mini mart 
I just got home and am getting ready to crash, such a sad friday night 
i just got home from 7 and a half hours of work.  and have a headache from screaming children.
i just got home from a long day at work and i don't have my computer again to help me get to sleep 
I just got home from Barona and I didnt win the Lottery 
i just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong have been out since ten, and its eleven...still sick 
I just got home from school and i have nobody to hang out with right now..   I an going out soon to get stuff for my trip  on Wednesday...
i just got home!! ahhh.... i really wanna relax with some pepsi max but i need to clean the whole lot. 
i just got home. i sold my truck, i miss it already 
I Just Got Icy-Hot in My Eye! OUCHIE! Where is my boyfriend when I need him?  I need to snuggle so bad right now. I hurt.
I just got in trouble for sexting at work.  
I just got kicked out of the chat...  and cant seem to log back in because my name is already in use in the chat! aint that a B.... !
i just got makeup and I had to get the palest colour...how depressing 
I just got my E3 badge!  Too bad I won't be able to make it down there.. 
I just got my first ever leech suck 
i just got my makeup done prettily and have no one to show it to  spent a fortune at mecca cosmetica it'd better be good!
i just got my phone back and i just puk my sim card 
I just got my Twitter profile ranked and got 6/10  http://www.twitrank.me
i just got myself all depressed 
I just got new pants today . . . I just spilled copier toner all over them. 
I just got off HEX.  Hope the Internet works tomorrow!
I just got off work and I already feel like the weekend is over  am so anxious about the schedules now
I just got owed lol no poker face  + bad luck with hands
I JUST GOT REALLLY DEPRESSED. 
I just got really depressed after watching the promo for the Jon and Kate + 8 episode on Monday. It's just so sad 
i just got really excited now I'm sad. I saw rob hoffmans tweet name thingy but it was sumone @replying him  may 17 I have some convicin!!
I just got Rick Rolled by Royal Farms!!  
I just got smashed in the face by a 5th grader thowing a football... Twice. Now I bleed 
i just got so emotional at jeremy kyle 
I just got soaked  Stupid busy day... Wish it was over already!
I just got soap in my eyes. IT BURNS! 
I just got some bad news  my hubby's grandma is dieing of cancer....THIS IS JUST TOOOO MUCH TO HANDLE RIGHT NOW ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just got some bad news  we might be moving. Great. I dont know fersure though
i just got some organic body wash and lotion for me and ethan.. reading twilight and going to bed lots to do tomorrow 
i just got stapped by a porcupine needle  lmao
I just got suckered into going karaoke-ing because i know a few fob songs 
I just got sunscreen in my eye. 
I just got the greatest header idea! Too bad I don't have a Photoshop 
I just got the iPhone and I love it. I miss my man. He is in Cali for training. 
I just got the worse migraine! 
i just got this account for 2nd time, 'cause i always forget my password. 
I just got this HUGE brain freeze! 
I just got to play the standin granny at the rehearsal. No cain, though 
@heyjennah  oh, no!   boo. another entire week?
@HeyJessB omg i have 2 of the porn thingys following me now!! great... 
@heyjessie: i'm sorry very tired  i
@HeyK8ty crap 
@heyk8ty its some wierd type of granola bar. weight watchers food. 
@heykari why haven't you called me back  now I have to go to sleep bc I have to work at 9 and so I can't talk.
@HeyKarlie im jealous. oh hey, miss k called, golf starts july 1st at 630am, 9 holes then breakfast, alert the media 
@heykelly_ i know.. i didn't even know they were back together? lol. yeah i would def go if it was ga... 
@heykendall LMFAO. Ily guys you know. But I live in Ontario. It's boring.  
@heykeriann dude that sucks sorry to hear that 
@heykim  always tryin ta sue someone!
@heykim last heard on news tonight, belonged to the earlier body - but no formal fbi id for 2-3 wks 
@heykimmy girl, I swear! I miss you! You have got to come up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ah! I miss talkin to kimmay 
@heykristy  are you ok?
@heylady WHERE ARE YOUU 
@heylex we're both unlucky 
@heylistenup  my dad has a twitter
@heymadeline DONT CRY MADDIE! 
@HeyMandi Guess you decided to not join the iPhone club  -&gt; Still have the same number?
@heymarkd hey, SM your # again!  Steam crashed... 
@heymeghan megggg  what's wrong? Text me when you get this!
@heymeghan oh I haven't either. Their tour came here the same day I was in Indy for BND 
@heymeghan same! I kinda feel like everyone around me means something to someone but I don't mean anything to anyone. I hate this feeling 
@Heymonday Come back soon 
@heymonday why aren't you coming to San Diego?! we love you here 
@heynadine Enter me into your #winfreewebcams.  I personally do not own one because of money troubles.  I have to you my digital camera 
@heynadine I wish I could watch your live show. But I'm at school. 
@heynadine it's raining here for 5 days now 
@heynatasha how'd you do on teh mile, i did bad too 
@HeyNiceSweater that's a bit sad.  I love Magic!
@HeYola: tapi ga the best buat budget gw, dul 
@heyrai wow how ominious was that   im stayin in the house. n nobodys comin over either!!! LoL
@heyrainbows ohh, that really sucks!  no, I haven't, they've never been here eighter!;O they JUST were here in 05 ........
@heyraynie that wasn't a cheque to AE was it? I just heard we got one of those. Either way that SUCKS! 
@HEYSAMHEY sammy  you left me on the chatttyy
@heysarahcoke yeah i know what you mean, sucks how we can't say what we want damn. I WISH I COULD AHHH 
@heysophhay i havent dared check my bankaccount yet. its gonna be horrid i know it. @rachaelcrowe i cant believe you cant make it...noooo 
@heysteph OMG OMG OMGGG STEPH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S SO CUTE!! i want a mukmuk and quatchi hahah OMGG. i want to see it too 
@heystephy I know they suck! 
@heystephy Nooo that sucks!  
@HeyTammyBruce  I went a few min. ago and sign up wasn't clickable. 
@HeyTammyBruce I feel your pain Tammy, know that we are all crying with you 
@heytherecoreen i know  we updated exactly the same time.......
@heythereimtori I wish I was at #e3 this year.  I went back in 2002 and 2004.
@heytherekate yeah, it wont be as amazing live. 
@heytheremaria I know 
@heyuguysblog bring back star trek sounds great, but no Scotty or McCoy 
@heyuinthepants yeaaah me too 
@heywelly21  
@heyycristal what's wrong 
@heyyenaa ugh.. I totally forgot about those 
@heyyitskate can't go after lunch  going hunting
@heyyitskate cause i go to a chinese school? lol. idk. maybe they just want to waste time. lol. i mean we like go home at 5:15pm 
@heyyitskate i bet its good, i wanna watch it too but i missed the Asia Premiere 
@Heyyjamieheyy idk somewhere north las vegas. im soo gonna miss being a california girl 
@HeyYoBecky I miss dressing up in fun outfits  @PublicEmileNo1 i know.. it is epic
@heyyydrea aww no   chubby Ringos for the win though!
@hezmanagirl It's out of business.  
@Hezzington are you sure .. mmm .. I'm so sad 
@HfWood I'm in the city or you could come over 
@HGI_INNsider Oh great, thanks for that tweet. Loungin an ice cream. I've just got to work! 
@HGoldup I'm not at work till 11. Maybe, no actually probably my hangover will kick in then. I don't have any milk for tea 
@hgreilly i havent got them 
@Hgriffin09: Me neither. 
@HHdakota wow. me too. when someone tells you they're your best friend, DONT believe them 
@HHMike How did the concert go? I had prior plans and could not go to the concert or party at chris's either 
@HHMike its actually ridiculously hard to find them in the stores in CA also! I had to buy mine online 
@HHumes noo i was but then I HAD TO LOOK AFTER THE LITTLE UN !!  bad timess x
@HHumes we not goin to 
@HHymanson What did I miss today?  Do tell, do tell.  I feel so bad not being able to make class. 
@Hi_Im_Chris in the other room on my work laptop  fb chat might work
@hi_its_ty -shopping again  me and my mom shopped for like 6 hrs yesterday, and my toes were killing me!lol i think theyll be ok evntually
@hiabowman FEEL it...very much so 
@hialison i wish this was a joke 
@hiannie I can't play your music anymore (don't know why  ] Dancing anyways LOL 
@hiaudreygrace you never responded to my ransom note 
@HibaNick that was fast! usually i will take hoursssss. hehe. I'm always lazy to have music on my ipod so its e same boring songs. 
@hibelu Don't do what? There are a lot of things I wanna do right now. 
@HiChi23 embarassing confession time.... i don't know what hub pages are   but I'm gonna find out...
@Hickelmi but it's not my fault 
@Hickelmi i'm not a twitter addicted. 
@Hicksdesign excellent job with the updated opera 10 skin, missing the heart icon on the bookmarks tab tho 
@hicourtney she hates me 
@hicourtney yes  I'm bummed out
@hidama My parents were the stress without the motivation. 
@hiddenclothing stupid work meetings 
@HiddenErin glass of wine where my crush works, but he was no where in sight. 
@HiddenErin I hope it goes by fast.. Seems like slow motion since the Boat. U never answered me  R u gonna come up here anytime soon..
@hiddeninthesand True. But... new... @tallyhall album... feels... so... far... away... 
@hiddenmyst oh i've seen that ad. i obviously didn't pay enough attention when my computer worked though  mum gave me that money btw -
@HideNothing shit busy days of work and doing homework 
@hideparker oh shit, son, you took my caps 
@hideyourarms where's it gone? 
@hideyourfires not yet!  but Starbucks at Coro = God has answered my prayers!
@hideyrchildren i don't know, it just wasn't that great. i think i had too high expectations 
@hidstrickler B mentioned that.  That bites...  do u have twitpics?
@hieronymus yeah maybe amanda doesnt love us enough to find someone to moderate it tonight?  #LOFNOTC
@hieuieez very true u havent been on for a while and also havent blogged 
@hifrankie sucks to hear that 
@higaiimo I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@higgis not yet. not by a normal source either. But they're pretty adamant..i should know by 12  #QPR
@High_Fives oh no! 
@highandwild Me too, FF down. 
@highartlowlife yes it seems to be ok  h8 life.
@highdigi @Nuff55 Your all bringing me down man  How come you've got Sun ?
@highdigi Yeah me too!! Looks like it may rain though!!! 
@highfiveandcody  do you golf?
@highforties so upset you had no luck  at least u had a good work out. Do you plan to go again?
@highheelFIEND we aint get the chance to talk though.. 
@highheelznkickz Thanks Sis, I was about to tell @urostarstruck...Terp I am not....Not that I secretly dont wish I was  lol
@HighRankin aah was in brighton yesterday, wish i went last nite! but i had to go home  bet it was big
@HighRawFoods I am sorry.  
@HiHillaryyy aww i wanna meet baby stahl sister 
@hijadecano I was wondering where the pic went I can't see it 
@hijas It showers only when its time for me to ride bike.. 
@hijinksensue video only available in the US 
@hikako aww!  missed old days!!
@hikorystix ... yea, we're slightly lame. this bed is getting super hot... 
@hilandveil no workie for me yet  it's trying though!
@HilariousCow Yeah, but the only options for windows are xWMA, PCM, and ADPCM. xWMA doesn't work. 
@HilaryADuff Sorry about the losers 
@hilaryann42 what is wrong with you?? what what??? 
@hilarybilary28 failed to mention that the headphone thing that happened to your ipod happened to mine, too 
@hilarydofficial Yes I bought these dvd when come the dvd to spain?  have fun hil! thank for reply me Love you!!!!
@hilaryjp Fancy forgetting to eat, it's a problem I have when working hard, pity it doesn't help with the weight loss!!!!!! 
@hilarylyn I sorry  I hope you figure it out soon!
@HilaryPerkins Wow. Tomorrow we tie our record for &quot;days without rain&quot;. I miss the rain. Sorry you have too much! 
@HilaryPerkins your Cards managed to sweep through Atl then just to rub it in they did it in DC too 
@hilaryygormannn thanks so much babe ;) i miss you  need to do something ! where have you been btws ? love you xxx
@Hildebrant I have to switch carries for both phones to a ATT family plan. When I tried online, it told me I had to come in 
@HildeM_EN How I wish I could...  Miss you dearly! xoxo
@hildy77 yikes, that sucks about the TV. hopefully some animals in the wilderness between harstad and oslo are enjoying it. 
@hill79 You seriously work for a company with a 512kbps link? 
@hillary006 I'm sure everyone has ruined my gift to you  Whitney has my serious Cell #...We doing easter as well?
@hillarychaney haha that made me laugh. We need to see eachother. 
@hillarygayle ty i decided to look it up after i asked you. i have things that make it so i can't do it. 
@hillaryohara because I couldn't get the money to mikey in time.  trust me. It makes me sad too.
@HillaryR  
@hillas  go get some. For me?
@hillas Oh.  You should make Grant do it.
@hillcityfoto  me and mac were murried? but i got another boo right now doe.
@hillestad sorry, didn't get it 
@hillisj sorry cant 
@hillkath think you may wait a while this morning for your smile if it's anything like it is here 
@hills24 i would but i have to sing at 4! 
@HillSims That�s death 
@hillsongunited was in NJ, NY &amp; MD!!!!! how long have i wished they'd come up here?! &amp; then... i miss it! tears. I love United 
@hiloveorg Can I just have Chewwie cuddles then? 
@hilsa Peabody's awesome!  The two years have gone by too quickly   Are you ready to leave PV?
@hilsatlvsonline - I do, however, know of one who apparently did ... and took along 31 others  ... Google &quot;panarctic plane crash&quot;
@HiltonsNewBFF OMG!!! Now that TTYN was one well deserved..I can't believe someone could say such a thing to our Ms P... 
@himalikiran very sorry to hear that 
@himeks Wish I could have gone. I'm sad that I have zero $ even with working 2 jobs. 
@HimigPnoy Wish I can go to the concert 
@HimOverThere If it makes you feel better, I didn't drink a lot last night but I'm feeling a bit stomach upside down today  *hug*
@himselfprod no dm 
@himynameisemmy ommmg i know  theres like nobody up right now!
@himynameisemmy Saddddd i love him 
@himynameisemmy you're making me jealous  i don't have mine yett  it better come todayy ughh
@himynameisivy potato and bacon chowder. i've cooked it before, but made a big blunder this time around. 
@himynameislexie haha. great minds . and yes poor kailyn didnt know why. she just wanted to know y 
@himynameisnick In retrospect, X3 would have been better with Singer indeed. Sad 
@himynameisnick Really???  
@himynameisrose aww im so devo  that sucks. but its cool you found out hahahah x
@himynameisrose can't use it at school cos we can't connect to the internet at school 
@himynameisrose haha, im freakin out now too  At least we have Bradie and Andy, right?
@himynameisrose I'll unfollow you if you keep that up! I'm sorry to hear about molly 
@himynameisrose mcr? seriously? at school? never. aww...euni was crying for me  and why a skin disease?
@himynameisrose woooooooo haha. omg you HAVE to tell me what shortstack says. i dun think i got in the 1000  x
@hinamesmichelle Booo not for me  its ok I don't find the new features very amusing anyway.
@hinamesmichelle I find it terrifying  You're one of those people who jumps up and down in elevators, aren't you?! Lmao
@Hinkybinks shit is that the topic of the day I was thinkin that all day. 
@hip_hip_jorge My thoughts are with those families, too. Air disasters are incomprehensible, they're so awful.Frightening to think about 
@hipattack it probably does then  my bank balance is a fail until tom gets a job. okay... deal
@hipbones I'll talk to you later bb xx I fancied a chat Friday night I was bored but you no answer  lolz
@Hipchick999 it isn't. 
@Hipchick999 soup done right can be quite good - problem is that often it's not done right. 
@Hipchick999 This time for me on sleepover no sleepover got  peskies making a racket 
@hiphophipster really?? Aww I was looking forward to seeing that 
@hiphopucit no I don't have one  how do I get one ??????
@hipichic OMFG that's so shit. Damn I can't believe it happend again. 
@hipmamacita the French café in the mall had the BEST cheese plates. Sadly it went under. 
@hippeachick fuck. everything. i love you. i miss you. come see mama bear 
@hippiejack 18+ I'm afraid 
@hippstah DUDE. Enjoy the binge! I still don't have all them fancy channels. 
@hippydude361 looking for something to wear on Friday, but nothing's jumping out at me screaming *buy me! buy me!*  and LOL.. not yet.
@hippyofdoom I accidentally read a spoiler in an american blog  words went into my brain before I realised what I was reading.
@HiRezStudios I guess you need an Alpha account to take part, eh?    &lt; waits patiently &gt;
@hisforhome good luck with your sourdough starter! I'm ashamed to admit that I killed mine through neglect 
@HisGirll19 major break up 
@hismuse I thought that they were just saying that the part Max was playing was similar to a character that kevin played. not making fun 
@hismuse that stinks  I hope that it is just getting worse before it gets better you know... not just getting worse.
@HisNameKEEM I don't thnk I'm going boo might have to miss it  hella stuff is going on this weekend I'm not gonna be going out all all
@hispanicreject I know I wish I interned too  wht section do you have star, spotlights or encores?
@hissloski lolzzzz ii chang3 it...but y3a im hatin ii cant 3v3n mak3 it 2 50 
@Hisson1083 HAHAHAHAHA wish I could have been there 
@HIstapleface  oh that sux   youu should get lotsa funny for ur bday =D altho that may be a bit late, so make everyone give it to u early!
@histapleface yer i think i did 
@HIstapleface, hahah, aw, yes, pooor you 
@histapleface, i dont know  i asked her and shes like no, you dont need to, and i was like i have money, and shes like, i dont care.  -&gt;
@historybooks i took a picture! as you can also see, the normal weather of belfast has returned 
@histrophywife i dropped it in water  
@hiswhoreness Link's not working.   
@hisyellowbird yes it is. i'm gonna go buy hair dye and then have no money for coffee 
@hithit  missing jmichelle... told you treat me like a step child! smh 
@hitman 257 my condolences. 
@HITMAN1063 no such luck.....not any better. Still no reaction to the antibiotics 
@HITMAN1063.... ugh speidi on seacrest playing roker audio... Thought i'd be safe from it  after your warning
@hitmanagent47  I know it was you ! 
@hitmewithtechno man i'm going to try real, real hard. i think we're going to detriot that weekend anyhow, so who knows?! 
@HITMYBEEPER Oooooh see u wrong for that, Fam!!  I get that er'ry time I come home to visit...no Captain D's in the DMV.  
@hitomiinagaki aw, where's my mushroom boy?  lol
@HiToYou  LOL she might be. I'll go see her later on. between us we are watching my sis parrot while she away, shud be fun 
@HiToYou if I remember rightly it's got something to do with 22 blokes running around a field kicking a leather ball. 
@HiToYou morning........I know the 'monday feeling' too 
@hitthefloor sorry, twitter was having issues last night. You picture dissapeared 
@hitwithabrick that sounds delicious!  haven't seen any taco bells here.   nor chipotle.  me wantsa a burrito treatzzzz!
@hiyakate continued, ill giv u a raing later see how you doing x get well soon i hopes  x msn easier to talk x ? x
@hjkuzcotopia yesterday we had rain...but this time of year it just makes it super humid.   ick
@Hk5656 Didn't work. 
@hkarthi hey no machi...stlll @ KL daan da  hwz the matches comin up ?
@hkath The lame part is that I can't move to BC till then, maybe. Unless you have your G2 they make you start over. 
@hkbatthedisco Yeah, seriously. Who is that Soderling guy anyway? 
@Hkellogg only works on intel macs 
@hkFashionGeek ohh i'm making a supply run! Got a few things I want casted and yes, i do not trust them to do it here 
@hkk0405 aww.. i didn't know you came to greenville this week.  
@hkmcdull168 HAHA. No, well THAT too I guess. But more business stuff- BOO 
@hkoenigsfeld I didn't take any...  Too much weight to carry and too much stuff and the threat of rain kept it in the car... 
@hkygrl12 So I'm not seeing you this Saturday?  
@HLindskold Atleast your kids are in school, I have a few more years 
@HLindskold they would pay less than what I make now.....lateral move at best.....that's half the reason I'm stuck. 
@HLindskold yea I looked there. Those jobs will cost me ~2 dollars per work day in gas...those companies don't pay enough to cover 
@hllywoodhaley haha I know. I was all freaked out untill I read about it!! still have to wait till Monday anyways 
@hlm64 Yeah seriously! No joke I have to! But, my gym has no workout today becuase we have stupid shows  DAMIT! I HATE THEM SO MUCH!
@hLyluvsDeidraH  I'm so sorry. That really does suck. I'm here for you.
@hmazzaglia awww  that is disappointing..
@hmdavid I have no idea about the car thing overseas. Somethin to check into tho! He has mil id, gear, and orders. He leaves 2mrow 
@hmelrose Damn dude!!  Hope they clear that up for you ASAP! 
@hmez indeed it is...and no sunglasses to wear   ...jvoooo!
@hmfta I don't want to promote. Division 5 will eat us alive. 
@hmgblogs I don't know what's going on! He's not even eating as much as he used to. But he's getting to the point where carrying is hard 
@hmobius yes I've noticed the unfollow feature seems to have stopped working in @twhirl 
@HMSophie i cant, have to work in la end of june 
@hmtangx i just finished watching pb. omgsh its so sad  but yeah it was for the best. good ending in a way... but so sad 
@hmtangx omgsh PB!!!! =O lincoln should just die already. hahahah. poor self 
@hmtangx screw you. i have to do pd  need to start.. right about now would be good..
@hmtwnheather i miss you too! 
@hmulholland This thing is huge, i dont know what to do with it! Im pretty sure it has a tattoo as well, its a badass! i only have a pc 
@HMXCasey I sorry 
@hngntuff09 we're meeting them today. I woke up with an eye that was sealed shut with conjuctivitis! 
@hnprashanth @dkris I was out to my native for my friends and cousins marriage so couldn't make it 
@hnprashanth Oh, may be that's why I didn't get it yest when I tried to watch qualifiers. 
@hnrxmcrlover But your always working 
@hnrxmcrlover I'm at my dads next weekend... 
@Hnygirl2000 all i managed to get is the minimum for my phone thats about it  but i can call now so YAY!!
@ho_ Wow I so jealous of youu!!! ahhh..  Did you get to go inside and stuff? I bet it was deffinitly EPICE
@HoaAloha im working all day friday  and all night ... are you gonna come out for my birthday?! i texted you!
@hoangatang No Fairr  I wanaa bee u x
@hobbinator Im not a foster thru a group, so no. I just get who I find! &amp; my main rescue I'd join is struggling so not taking new cats 
@Hobbskat I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@hobcleveland i wish i was 
@HobiP Running Tweet Deck on 3.0GM, works like a charm. No crashing yet. No save draft feature and no &quot;TweetShrink&quot; option, boooo. 
@HoboGal I have once. They claimed they never got my order  Can u just call them directly?
@hobosexual  Where did you read that at?
@hobosexual lol, yes! But season two I just felt sorry for him. 
@hobosexual Me too.  I'm watching episode one right now and lol, Tony was such a douche.
@hobosexual WHAT. 
@HobxNob Whats up with our noo-noo ? 
@hochie71 still in my cave  give me...a week... i hate this!
@hockeyband why cant you come to norway today instead of tomorrow? 
@hockeydork i want a pic with Lord Stanley's cup. 
@hockeygal4ever The Pens beat my Cardiac Canes...  Still sad.
@Hockeyskates I think I joined too late for today's deal.  Perhaps next time... @Formspring and @blastmediapr could have a @yats tweetup!
@HockeyTweeter Let me know how the soccer game goes 
@hockeywithjon montreal = rain 
@hocuspocus09 aw that sucks  ive been trying sooo harddd not to play any games til school is over haha i got sooo much work
@hodduk  TELL ME IS SO OLD... YOU HALMONEE
@HodgePodgery i have to go to a family gathering since the show is canceled 
@Hodges1983 Aww Poor Angel  Silly Kris lol.  ;D ha. They are all Alcoholics in the house!
@hodgman BUT SHE'S DEEEAAAD  - a Batman's opinion
@Hodinkee You lucky bastardo!  Possibly my favorite part of the world.. my last stay was here, but nearly 7 yrs ago  http://is.gd/17oOV
@hoeslovedejison my friend this name is 
@hoezay__x3 they kept him. June 9th he haves court 
@hoezay__x3 trueee 
@hoff_vdk YAY, Hoff! Congratulations on MVP, you definitely deserve it.Didn't get a chance to talk to you on Saturday, sorry  #rollerderby
@hoffifer .. Oh fuck you 
@hogletk Thanks. I did sadly  Reminder to self, email everything to yourself
@hohner died as in, it booted yesterday, but does not boot today... that kind of died 
@HoHoHolden You should read it. And also, I thought you legitimately didn't know how sight works :\ sorry 
@Hojeans dont lie, you had fun that time i was there......admit it 
@HokageBlackStar No, just started playing WoW. 
@hokeypokeyindia missed  the anniversary Bonus treats!!  When is the occasion coming in the near future for similar discounts?
@hol_ly i hope not either 
@holalisa because I don't really want to go  so I want to see if I feel better first
@Holani When i came home,i found that my mom cooked nice dinner for me, thats how my day ended. 
@holborne (re: http://bit.ly/KB1Va) Insanity or the end of culture. That's all we need: more restrictive intellectual property laws. 
how to get it back?? 
how to get tickets 4 sold out &quot;give it a name festival&quot; on sat? 
How to help you?I think you don't need my help 
How to Lose Stomach Fat and Get Flat Abs, Weight Loss, Abdominal ¡­ Check out http://bit.ly/8THIIk :]Has a bad feeling about college 
How to ruin Friday? Your dad tells you there's something wrong but you should be at home so he can call you. He usually *never* calls 
How to save the two baby pigeons that fell out of their nest across the street? I don't think the mom is going to come back. 
How to sleep with such weather 
How to upgrade my iPhone?? Couldnt get it to work... 
How typical for England to cock up a major sporting event like the Twenty20 World Cup! 
How typical its cloudy 
How unfair is this http://tinyurl.com/kp65yp ?   NHS will help the english with the costs involved but not the welsh!
How unfair life can be... 
how unfair.  boo boo boo boo boo boo
How very sad   Legendary CBS journalist Walter Cronkite reportedly gravely ill  http://ow.ly/eYD9
How was i to now i'll miss you so. 
How was it possible that you do this?  You made me feel bad 
HOw was your day at home sam? Enjoy nothingness? School was quite boring (y). Going for Orlando for NBA finals cus ih8 the lakers they're 
How will we ever do anything fun if I feel so crummy 
How would a 15 going on 16 High School Student earn money to buy herself an iMac and a Mac Book?  I desperately need help.
How you can win one of hi # BSB, and I don´t? What is the secret? 
How you know that your car is old: when you find a receipt while cleaning in between the seats thats 10 years old! 
howdy twit world..have had an exhausting day at work..not looking forward to the weather turning tomorrow 
Howdy twitter! Currency exchange between UK and America at the moment is poo. Vegas is looking more and more expensive. 
howdy... incredibly happy despite lack of sleep! Essay extension= good! multimedia performance to finish for wednesday = bad 
however the downside is I'm doing laundry on a friday night   (but I have nothing to wear for my wedding tomorrow!)
However! I do appear to have a small dent on the top of the glass screen 
howling babies + shrieking machinery - sleep = 4KINL. also I have to pee 
Hows  all the tweeters today?  Cold, wet and windy here in Perth  and the weekend is drawing to a close 
HOWS EVERY1 DOIN? ANY PLANS FOR THE WEEKEND? TWIT ME BACK!! PLEASE!! IM BORED!! 
hows everyone doing? i´m tired and its soo cold i think.. 
How's it goin? Already at work 
Hows that possible? No rain forecast for Pinkpop? And I have no ticket 
howwwwwwwww do i set a picture on this thing????? 
Howz all the rain this morning.. Fuck i got drenched 
hoy estuve tristee!! 
HP printer software is the bane of my existence. 
HR says ca is taking more tax out of my checks. 
Hrm, calling Ubuntu's DVD playback 'dodgy' is an understatement. Sucks 
Hrm, maybe I shouldn't be using a CollectionViewSource, but altering the view of the collection its bound to; need WPF magic help 
Hrm, scanner traffic diminishes greatly when your public services are on strike. 
hrm.  apparently problem is not the power adapter but the battery (or the connection).  Works on AC, but battery doesn't charge 
Hrm. Possible migraine coming. 
Hrmm, Chaser would be  on soon if it wasn't suspended  &lt;k
hrmmm.. 36 channels of DirecTV, but a middle seat for 4.5 hrs 
hrumph. it's mosquito season again. 
hsbc not working again 
HSBC's website is broken one time more...  To relax me let's me listen &quot;Start Me Up&quot; from Rolling Stones and take a shower! #stones #music
HSX v4 isn't bad but I'll miss the site as it is now. 
HTC Hero is here (in europe   ) http://bit.ly/pqla5
HTTP is currently down on the server  looking into it
http://atwitterprayerforgi.blip.tv/ #Gilad Beautiful video about soldier KIDNAPPED 3 yrs ago and still in captivity. Watch with tissues 
http://bbltwt.com/difwc lmao random and HOLY SHIT i sound manly  kinda bugs me
http://bit.ly/10EUHH - lawyers facing layoffs in Baltimore, law students uneasy  - sounds familiar 
http://bit.ly/10NIOX  this song will forever remind me of my grandpa's funeral 
http://bit.ly/10zXnI via @addthis      i waaaaaaant these so bad , 
http://bit.ly/111Zhp  Someone needs to call a waaaambulence for Mike Arrington. Poor Leo. 
http://bit.ly/11scsc    nem to acreditando !!      
http://bit.ly/11t9Zx   &lt;--- sad video i made about michelle turning heel 
http://bit.ly/11y2CY  I remember when I toggled between #1 and #2.... 
http://bit.ly/124s7C im scared for everyone of us  spread the word nobody really knows about it
http://bit.ly/12ArCq  What happened to Taemin's hair?! -cries- I like the LLO hairstyle better. 
http://bit.ly/152zi4  that bird is road kill..... poor thing  
http://bit.ly/15Fzya  Sadly close to the truth.  The man is a legend!
http://bit.ly/15Qfjk  ----- i envy her 
http://bit.ly/15wSc5   can't listen to this too long  Graduation.....
http://bit.ly/16DYVw  &lt; some of those should be available on google... 
http://bit.ly/16OsdU  RIP Milvinia Dean 
http://bit.ly/16XJjw     this makes me sad a little bit inside.
http://bit.ly/17ABB2 I am here on way to Liverpool St for stansted express. Still no rain or thunder 
http://bit.ly/17zq9D  Gayest thing i've seen in a long time.  And yes.. I've already looked in the mirror
http://bit.ly/1WO3b --&gt;  great interception done by Harrison (92). Sport fan or not you'll be blown away. I miss my NFL watching buddies 
http://bit.ly/2YgNy  -- what 
http://bit.ly/32nQRx  I MISSED CAPTAIN PICARD DAY 
http://bit.ly/3MhdL  - nVidia GT 230M or GT 240M would have been darn nice in my &quot;new&quot; MacBook Pro 15&quot;... 
http://bit.ly/3sCZMK sad story of the night... 
http://bit.ly/4fLMH ! just coz i can't get over rob!! 
http://bit.ly/4xXAsA  I cant vote!!!  am I going to be kicked out!! 
http://bit.ly/5N8rH  jj abrams event cancelled 
http://bit.ly/5NMvY  -  the emoticon cannot express how I feel....
http://bit.ly/6PfPk via @addthis this was my friends daughter  omg shocked horrified
http://bit.ly/7C6IA  How did he end up in such a low spot? 
http://bit.ly/9CHHH noooo this is my favorite foundation ever 
http://bit.ly/9RFko  now i want sky 
http://bit.ly/9Td3G  I'd LOVE David Tennant to be in the movie, i'm still not over losing him on tv 
http://bit.ly/AEbs3   I can only be sad.  #iranelection
http://bit.ly/Ai4a1  wow!  love it!
http://bit.ly/Arfso  i miss music videos like this. that made you feel good. 
http://bit.ly/b04yc  (but the english translation doesn't work 
http://bit.ly/BE8En Josh Middleton continues to be one of my favorite comic book artists in the world. Wish he'd do more than DC covers 
http://bit.ly/Byptb Walking out of the office to this. Animal Collective - Summertime Clothes. Shame it's not summertime in Surry Hills 
http://bit.ly/c9mKC i really do want some  i need a job so i can get some
http://bit.ly/CMLJr  this song fits to my mood.. 
http://bit.ly/CooZc  I'm a straight male and I enjoy Euro Pop...there...I said it. So ashamed 
http://bit.ly/CR5Jo This is really sad 
http://bit.ly/Dsfeh   the comments are brilliant.
http://bit.ly/DZWW6  | O...o...oh.  *reaches*
http://bit.ly/e0GJA  i knew it was staged! wish it wasnt tho 
http://bit.ly/e1TT4  this is the saddest news ever, my favourite celebrity couple of all time 
http://bit.ly/eblkb seriously link why do u not come up sometimes?? do u get scared??  lol
http://bit.ly/eVk0I  So upsetting.  Why...
http://bit.ly/ez6S3  TOTALLY MEMORABLEEEE! we just cnt stop rewatching it 
http://bit.ly/fBB1J  Snippet of Mariah's new song &quot;Hate u&quot; play at L.A. Reids party 30sec/cellphone recording  lol.
http://bit.ly/fBjXf  - disappointing 
http://bit.ly/GHg1d  I wanna lose a day or 2  pana atunci analiza ec-fin bleeeeah
http://bit.ly/gsgIe  I miss South Africa and all of it's people so much tonight!!! 
http://bit.ly/GzCLD   Must Watch..Poor situation of the Tamils 
http://bit.ly/htihM  R.I.P NADA  NEVER GIVER UP LET DIS MAKE U STRONGER X
http://bit.ly/inq0S Great song,shame they didn't release it 
http://bit.ly/IYUEX , read what he did if you want to be as traumatized as I am   
http://bit.ly/j2QYc  Saddd they're never recording this 
http://bit.ly/J5uAw  i miss the sea 
http://bit.ly/JF2B Awww I love this song. I'm guna miss Colin Murray and his awesome taste in music now he's not on Radio 1. 
http://bit.ly/kBV9j  .........OMG!...sooo excited..too bad its not yet available here. 
http://bit.ly/ke3jU At loch ness, you know I'm begining to think there is no monster 
http://bit.ly/kGkxw good but over a year away 
http://bit.ly/kovTh just sitting here waiting for 3.0 
http://bit.ly/KqJzc READ! :| This made me really scared. 
http://bit.ly/l5fl9  Travel Photos! Figured out Wordpress galleries...after 3 months 
http://bit.ly/mOCnY  *cries* no one knows how frustrated i really am.   
http://bit.ly/n4DrZ  did really demi diss selena ? :S  hmmm .. *wondering* i hope not !!!
http://bit.ly/ngEPv  this song makes me cry  its sad.
http://bit.ly/NYhMZ  Dionusia made me do it 
http://bit.ly/o1Fkn people could really do to learn from the animal kingdom. if its good enough for penguins 
http://bit.ly/oNBqD  ONE MORE YEAR??? i want it nowww 
http://bit.ly/OUb6q This is just cruel.. I saw it on CSI and thought it must be fictitious..  Nope it's real.. &amp; sick. Poor octopus 
http://bit.ly/OzmWU  i want one!! 
http://bit.ly/PaBnD  video won't buffer on the tube
http://bit.ly/pbp5r  eu queria tanto ver cat power 
http://bit.ly/PmvRY  I want Jensen to be in the top 20! He's currently the 22nd or 23rd.  PLEASE VOTE!
http://bit.ly/Qplfe Margaret Mountford to leave The Apprentice - aw! 
http://bit.ly/rKfaO new spending plan looks very practical (more intelligence and irregular warfare (@ terrorism)), still jobs are lost.. 
http://bit.ly/rLR9n uh oh! why, ISPs? why?  down with the RIAA.
http://bit.ly/SbZ3K  but they're all XXL 
http://bit.ly/stSe7  This is a first step to curb H1B? 
http://bit.ly/SVxMO  Already? We don't need any more crappy Pixar knock-offs in this world. 
http://bit.ly/SZ4mF  i miss my william 
http://bit.ly/T0yf8 via @addthis.  Something needs to be done about lawyers who are actually willing to file frivolous lawsuits like this 
http://bit.ly/tlPwN   weather forecast for my trip to MIA. . . PERFECT! 
http://bit.ly/UVD4J This is just too sad!!!!  Air France....
http://bit.ly/VJPeH i read this and teared up. i miss my kitty. 
http://bit.ly/VkwHo  the first story made me cry 
http://bit.ly/voxlm this happened tonight when i was working. i saw the boy on the ground. omg  i saw him right before he died.
http://bit.ly/vqgBQ  May 28th back to me please! 
http://bit.ly/vrmc6 via @addthis this hurts ppl! it really hurts      ♥Robsten♥
http://bit.ly/wq9no   another Jody update  
http://bit.ly/xemrx  I never even got to visit ....  LOL
http://bit.ly/XoadS  SO f-ing unfear !  i want that, in real-life tough (;
http://bit.ly/xQqoY  Another sad day 
http://bit.ly/xxPDM  I want it. Too bad it's only conceptual right now 
http://bit.ly/ysomp  Why can't Sunday be tomorrow?  haha
http://bit.ly/z4Waf  #etsy Just listed an owl pillow and an American flag pillow- I miss the states 
http://bit.ly/ZGsk2  - (L) i wish december wasn't so far away!! 
http://bit.ly/zwLOR   ; http://bit.ly/10kYFU  what happened to the old Tokio Hotel?! 
http://blip.fm/~5yubj ? Take Your Time(Do It Right)_S O S Band (this song remind me of my dad; he loved it)   Gone have a drink for him!
http://blogs.hellomagazine.com/twilightmoonlighter/ via @addthis how can this be?? 
http://community.livejournal.com/ohnotheydidnt/33907252.html How freakin cool is that? Why doesnt shit like that happen to me? 
http://eeepc.asus.com/global/product901.html gods gift to me. if only he gave me the cash to pay for it. 
http://img268.imageshack.us/img268/4297/nailsc.jpg my funny third fingernail always grows out extra pointy. time to trim it again. 
http://inspectorgadget.wordpress.com/ definately my favourite blog so far, alas no contact details so cant be put on the system 
http://iphonelaunchparty.com # why o why still no invite 
http://is.gd/19BdJ (via @macworld) new MacBook pro update. For all those who bought it before the new ones came out...  tear
http://is.gd/Ktaf    Nearly 50 parks, beaches and historic sites in the greater Bay Area region ... would close 
http://is.gd/LHS8 damn it, they only ship it inside the continental US 
http://is.gd/r8Zf,  http://is.gd/r8Zy, and  http://is.gd/r8ZG - test footage with my girlfriend (in HD) The dark one is underxposed 
http://is.gd/thpU Dhoni's elder brother joins BJP in Jharkhand  #indiavotes09
http://is.gd/y6MV awesome! now i sort of want a roomba 
http://mobypicture.com/?277hdp - Screw U british summer weather 
http://mobypicture.com/?vgva0q - What is going on with the OVI Store on the N97? 
http://mymovees.com Comment on Watch Year One by FIG: don't have it yet  http://tinyurl.com/ntfm3u
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/north_yorkshire/8105294.stm Claudia Lawrence missing ... nearly 3 months! 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/8083479.stm Oh no.. one of my favorite actors 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/8117378.stm Stop killing the shark 
http://noisypoppy.net/random/doze.jpg - on screen keyboard so I can take a screenshot ( no printscreen button on mbp  )
http://noupa.blogspot.com &lt;3    happy sunday, twitters! still feel like crap though: fever, fever go away!! 
http://pic.gd/0b3e68 Finally made it to the game. Pads not doing so well though 
http://pic.gd/bdbbb4 sitting in the sun,eating my lunch. enjoying the view of the &quot;Zaan&quot; Too bad I have to go back inside and work 
http://pic.gd/e9ed hmm struggling for space, garage now looks like study did a while ago 
http://pic.im/4d8   Horten moss k� 
http://ping.fm/JFHGZ (scary) 
http://ping.fm/p/mMKw0 - Virgin is finally closing... The death of the record store... 
http://ping.fm/p/tIHsl - Beginning of line. Whole line is too vast to capture in single frame. 
http://quaalude.proboards.com/ Unrest in Iranian capital , home raided , video  tear gas - mass death military tank in Azadi Square  QC
http://sysprofile.de/id101219 : !SYS is under Construction ! Grund ASUS M4A79 Deluxe ist in den MBO Himmel geflogen 
http://tiny.cc/wweNO   NO NO NO NO NO!!! she cant be released! WWE PLEASE STOP THIS!! candy, kennedy, moore... ur loosing all ur talent! 
http://tinyurl.com/9sh8l4 ... deixem o last.Fm Free ...  
http://tinyurl.com/c3sfuv  here it is 
http://tinyurl.com/cat2hn so many apps for the I. Wanna get ridd of my HTC and move over to THE IPhone... still 26blablabla days to go 
http://tinyurl.com/cesshk this girls amazing. and i hate taylor swift. i wish i could sing like her 
http://tinyurl.com/clx598  oooooooh i just knew i was gonna marry jboog SMH wooow
http://tinyurl.com/cna5kn Oracle Buying Sun does this mean MySQL is going to get buried ? 
http://tinyurl.com/ddd7ds    ive gone hyper on my ownnn 
http://tinyurl.com/kvx4wt @pleasefindthis always manages to strike the most wounded part of me.  i miss my other half. plscomehomealive.&lt;3
http://tinyurl.com/lc5lon WTF! This in a business paper? Looks like Mint is going the ET way 
http://tinyurl.com/mafc5c tienanmen 20 event sponsored by kaercher: cleans any surface. 
http://tinyurl.com/mcew4w - it is so horrible that this still occurs in the world 
http://tinyurl.com/mh9ta3 true story of the demise of my poor headphones 
http://tinyurl.com/mmzua4 (via @autosportnews) F1 breaking under Mosley stubborness  ... I'm glad FOTA is sticking together though &gt;.&lt;
http://tinyurl.com/nqudrt - Hurt my finger at work 
http://tinyurl.com/nrwccg #neda #tehran #iranelection RIP and puts my previous flipancy to shame 
http://tinyurl.com/oayevs Last Guardian trailer. The monster is so big and cute! Knowing the Ico team, it'll die 
http://tinyurl.com/olccu9 BBCs GCSE maths quiz, I got 6 out 7 a whole decade after my GCSEs and I still can't do circle theory 
http://tinyurl.com/onn5gd Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles 
http://tinyurl.com/orasdm - what Anne Frank would've looked like today, had she lived 
http://tinyurl.com/q8slpg I think this guy is kind of telling me to talk to myself...i do that all the time and cant control my dreams... 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Good day! I cant upload more pics here for some reason  Tell me about your character... I can send you my pr ...
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hello! May be we will match? I cant upload more pics here for some reason  I can email you some my pictures. ...
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hi there! How are you? I like your style! I cant upload more pics here for some reason   I can send you my ...
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hi!!! I cant upload more pics here for some reason  Let`s exchange email addresses. I am first time here. I  ...
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hi. I am tied of beeing alone. I cant upload more pics here for some reason  Hope it is real to find a good  ...
http://tinyurl.com/Stackus The video is up! Take a look, excuse my voice though, I'm feeling bad today...  Oh well, more and more vids!!!
http://tinyurl.com/y4xjcc - this week's UK charts. No Boom Blox, no Punch-Out!!, Rhythm Paradise plummets out of the charts. 
http://tr.im/knDo - video from #barcampbham. Premier screwed it up on export. 
http://tr.im/nHIs songs like this make me confused about what decade we're in.  i like it, but im still confused.
http://twitgoo.com/tocl aww sad to say we dont have RADIO DISNEY 
http://twitpic.com/1fqq1 - This is the view from uptop Crystal on a Blue bird day!  GOnna miss it for the next few months 
http://twitpic.com/2vqjc - yeah i know! we don't have any pictures with out your braces  we need to work on that kid!
http://twitpic.com/2yee8 - I can almost see the sky! 
http://twitpic.com/2yii3 - my q key broke 
http://twitpic.com/3ca6w -  come home soon. i misses u.
http://twitpic.com/3i613 - The closest thing to snow i've ever seen 
http://twitpic.com/3ir9e - i miss this! 
http://twitpic.com/3ivnu - Walker granny w.short shorts awe 
http://twitpic.com/3jqma - I wish they fit  maybe I can just stuff them...A LOT.
http://twitpic.com/3krdt - everyone of my twitpics of cupcakes gives me weight loss ads for 5-7lbs/week 
http://twitpic.com/3ktzh - even at this rate, i am considering much better than &quot;3G&quot; #indonesia mobile operator speed 
http://twitpic.com/3kyrq - more that I made but won't get 2 eat 
http://twitpic.com/3l3m2 - My Bruised Arm 
http://twitpic.com/3lfab - Man I hat art homework. 3 hours for this crap! And still a good few more to go 
http://twitpic.com/3ljll i'll come back to these later - after my chores 
http://twitpic.com/3luir - maybe when we are all  or -.-o0O, we need this to perk us up.
http://twitpic.com/3m1y9 - no more long hairs!  gonna miss it
http://twitpic.com/3nac6 - i miss these people! 
http://twitpic.com/3ndt6 my babies getting his operation today  dont know what i'll do if he's not ok, really need mark to talk to 
http://twitpic.com/3nehs - why they always hating on us short people? we need love too  even if he ain't real lmao
http://twitpic.com/3nfla  Trying to buy Tweetie for Mac but i get this 
http://twitpic.com/3nk6i - I need it 
http://twitpic.com/3nkli - A pair of Avocets at Conwy. Shame I haven't got a better camera  
http://twitpic.com/3nl7s - i miss my blockmates 
http://twitpic.com/3pfjt - my hair used to be sooo long 
http://twitpic.com/3ph5e - @carolynwebb Nice and Sunny :-D  Too much work though as well   Im back in UK on monday 
http://twitpic.com/4dwy1 - Enjoying my week in Florida. Sad that I have to leave this cutie on Tuesday 
http://twitpic.com/4dxip - The posters I was able to find...ughh it still looks empty without my others  wherever they are. T_T
http://twitpic.com/4e4wb - Bday over  great night!
http://twitpic.com/4e6bi -  my legs all swollen
http://twitpic.com/4elz4 - Great day for a race. 
http://twitpic.com/4erax - My baby G-Class 320 is for sale 
http://twitpic.com/4f99i - i love this picture. i want to go back. 
http://twitpic.com/4fbcd - Crap! Its starting to rain and I wanted to see the human chess match. 
http://twitpic.com/4gqin I FEEL LIKE I'M ALWAYS READING THIS ANTHOLOGY OR WRITING ABOUT SOMETHING IN IT. wahhhhhh  retainers &amp; glasses on
http://twitpic.com/4gtx4 - poor brother! 
http://twitpic.com/4gvum - GOOD MORNING SIS..HAVE A NICE SMOKE!  BLEAH!
http://twitpic.com/4gx9f - I wanna hug Hatton's fiancee.  So sad.
http://twitpic.com/4gz0u - I hate my laptop 
http://twitpic.com/4gzx9 - Swine flu comes to Hundred Acre Wood  (Language warning)
http://twitpic.com/4h2zi - The disaster that was the broken wine bottle 
http://twitpic.com/4h8kg - i dont want it to look amaturish.... do they look professional???  im so clueless
http://twitpic.com/4hg6o - My last donut hole 
http://twitpic.com/4hkvc - My mohawk... all gone now! 
http://twitpic.com/4ihaz  Running route for 5-2 - only 8.82 (not 10, as I thought) miles 
http://twitpic.com/4ii5q - One Rainey Day in Ireland   x
http://twitpic.com/4incl - The tiny Porter plane that took me from Ottawa to Toronto. No wonder they are delayed in the bad weather 
http://twitpic.com/4irjl - oh who oh why do i drink?  ahahah
http://twitpic.com/4isxr LOVE THIS PIC WANT MY LEGS THIS SMALL AGAIN 
http://twitpic.com/4iwqh - Me and my friends. I'm gonna miss working with them. 
http://twitpic.com/4j6yy - Lieing in bed. The shadow on the wall makes it look like a jail cell 
http://twitpic.com/4j8pd - Poor baby doesn't feel good right now 
http://twitpic.com/4jaax - Homework 
http://twitpic.com/4jad2 - I'm really gonna miss them destroying the pair of shoes I hate..  (4/May/2009)
http://twitpic.com/4jblq - yum yum yum... in my tum... and then it goes to my bum... which isnt much fun! 
http://twitpic.com/4jciy - Bastards got me 
http://twitpic.com/4jesq - @yenbearr look who this. 
http://twitpic.com/4jihv - the family at azzuros for nan's 70th birthday (minus me i was poorly  )
http://twitpic.com/4jj36 - Its raining 
http://twitpic.com/4jjbl - Bummer! Rain doesn't cancel events but it will practice, like today's 
http://twitpic.com/4jm75 - Picking up Gabby @ school for Dr's appt. Carpet is drying out but stinks. Prolly have to replace 
http://twitpic.com/4w17b - today I mourn the little birdy that fell from his nest outside my house    (warning... graphic pucture)
http://twitpic.com/4wcrs - yes, that's me from last night 
http://twitpic.com/4wrjt - RIP Al Green The Iguana 
http://twitpic.com/4wt50 - Thought it would clear up! No luck 
http://twitpic.com/4wuyp - asehmon's been missing for over a month and i miss him! 
http://twitpic.com/4wv1h - Sunrise at Hilsboro Beach. Heading back now 
http://twitpic.com/4wvp3 - My Benny: companion friend &amp; confidante. I miss him. 
http://twitpic.com/4wz1i - cristal 4 crystal LOL... bein mad corny cause i miss her  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
http://twitpic.com/4x0tk - I miss those little brown eyes 
http://twitpic.com/4x1nk - Thiss iss raveenn (rayybeeann) DONT LEAVE US RAVEEN. WE REALLY DONT WANT YOU TO GO 
http://twitpic.com/4xboq - Oops  What's up with the face  )
http://twitpic.com/4yq1u - I hurt my thumb  I hate moving, I always get injured in the packing process.
http://twitpic.com/50swy - Aww. I miss my old hair 
http://twitpic.com/50v6h What I would do for some cpt crunch and strawberrys on pinkberry  @ceorisano
http://twitpic.com/54gtw - and all her lives are up..R.I.P.mew!!!!..the last pic i took with her!!! 
http://twitpic.com/54x8w - More swollen now, 4 days later, then when I first had the operation, whats going on 
http://twitpic.com/5551z - i wish my hair looked like this still 
http://twitpic.com/5567u - The final school day  !! Miss Youu So Muchh
http://twitpic.com/55a1e - went to therapy with Cesca.  Get well soon, Bleh!
http://twitpic.com/55a5q - serious backup at starbucks drivethru 
http://twitpic.com/5c9bt - i miss them 
http://twitpic.com/5caxl - Goodbye oahu 
http://twitpic.com/5cbo7 - I wanted one 
http://twitpic.com/5cqr4 - @markhoppus is this your &quot;Octopus drive?&quot; I found this, its not mine,......(please don't delete me   )
http://twitpic.com/5csq6 - now tell me, when will this happen again?!?! 
http://twitpic.com/5cust - Plus this!!! 
http://twitpic.com/5cvw1 - Going into work at 7am on the long weekend is not fun, not fun at all. 
http://twitpic.com/5cwav - I cannot believe I lost by one line! 
http://twitpic.com/5d8yc - i love summer! i'd move somewhere hot, but those little lizard guys are scary 
http://twitpic.com/5ddpr - This was lodged in my tire 
http://twitpic.com/5dib4 - me and steph   awww shes left now  (N)
http://twitpic.com/5djx4 - The pile of marking that stands between me and bed 
http://twitpic.com/5eygf - Wailua falls...do i have to leave tomorrow? 
http://twitpic.com/5eyrr - Twitpic - driven to work 
http://twitpic.com/5eyub -  only on vote for chase
http://twitpic.com/5eyzw - Wailua falls...do i have to leave tomorrow? 
http://twitpic.com/5ezol - This is my sad water bottle. Riding the train while his friend has run off to the airport and left him behind. 
http://twitpic.com/5f2ry - God I miss home this was on my doorstep 
http://twitpic.com/5f50u - She's a sad poser 
http://twitpic.com/5f9tb - Oh noes, ShipIt has failed me for the first time! 
http://twitpic.com/5fday - ok, we have a winner! Not very exciting result  @benjamindyer @prettierpixels @dangriffey @annybs
http://twitpic.com/5ffek - Trying to set up the drum kit, and failing 
http://twitpic.com/5fffb - Marking  Coffee and Cake 
http://twitpic.com/5lour - both james! china/james and my brother james said my glasses are too big! 
http://twitpic.com/5oigg Gray hound at 4am 
http://twitpic.com/5oxz3 - After my first swimming thingy in the sea last week  Pretty cold, yea 
http://twitpic.com/5pd3h - Color Club oooooo LALA, with a clear glitter on top...it's orly, but in the small bottle, so no name 
http://twitpic.com/61c70 - My true idols! I couldnt find one with all of them together. 
http://twitpic.com/61fsa - me and settawut its his last day and he almost cried saying goodbye to me 
http://twitpic.com/61gaq - STILL CANT ROTATE...  BUT I LOOKED GOOD, LOL...
http://twitpic.com/61gg9 - Trying to sleep. Sharp in the AM. 
http://twitpic.com/64th2 - Thanks guys but i am  this dress just covers it haha xx
http://twitpic.com/65vpf - Tonight's outfit. New shoes! Pretty but kinda hurt. 
http://twitpic.com/65x0h - i miss that boy. 
http://twitpic.com/65xhi - waiting on another truck.... my night is increasing in length yet again...... sadness  
http://twitpic.com/65y8e - Fw: Nooo! The red ring of death 
http://twitpic.com/65yzt - look at me with my cool long dark brown hair! oh and also my bangs! now my hair wont grow 
http://twitpic.com/65z82 - need to go to bed...but cant...need my hubby here to tuck me in 
http://twitpic.com/65zdl - i just cut my finger at work 
http://twitpic.com/65zfw - i wish my hubby was here to tuck me in 
http://twitpic.com/65zuj The sad sight of today. 
http://twitpic.com/65zvr - end of summer!!! 
http://twitpic.com/664oz - this is what happens when i have no models 
http://twitpic.com/665w2 - see miles away 
http://twitpic.com/66yb9 Ozzy back from the vet. Not feeling well. He looks so sad.    Possible UTI. Results tomorrow.
http://twitpic.com/670pn - she is so cute really i really want to meet her  wish one day
http://twitpic.com/674p1 - @JTHawthorne this is my Ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt.. haha but I lost the shirt 
http://twitpic.com/675tw - Square B - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
http://twitpic.com/676hv - R.I.P Fristy just thinking abt her 
http://twitpic.com/677bi - IVA!!!! i already miss yoo my sweet  xx
http://twitpic.com/678hs - 300 yd drive within feet of the green. 2nd time playing the hole so doesn't count though  #bcit #golf
http://twitpic.com/67bpd - This store at the airport is as close as we'll get to WDW during this trip.  
http://twitpic.com/67di2 - This is what I meant when I said my skin is terrible. Plus sunburnt chest. 
http://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol. 
http://twitpic.com/67nxe - Yeah..I'm bored XD I pic up this photo when I still have my guitar..today my mum steam me it  I miss Nameless..
http://twitpic.com/67ofz - ugh grosss 
http://twitpic.com/67tcr - Ouch!! Burnt my arm on the grill 
http://twitpic.com/67twh - This has never happened before =/ orange blinky lights. I think I've broke my battery again 
http://twitpic.com/67wb4 - Gotta a show on Monday at 9.... hopefully my head will be better by then.... 
http://twitpic.com/6814w - So glad Sam is in a good mood 
http://twitpic.com/684zo - i miss my brother  FREE MATTy P!
http://twitpic.com/686u5 - Ishu having fun without me 
http://twitpic.com/688zl - Saying goodbye to my closet 
http://twitpic.com/68ac0 - #myweakness this man.... &lt;3  miss him more than anything...
http://twitpic.com/68d0f - greatt times todayy!!! movies, my house, takin pics, late to da pool, hang out at da pool, and leave  hug m ...
http://twitpic.com/68iie - it was  ms. riley just had to ruin our LAST day of school.
http://twitpic.com/68m14 - at the museum. in Chile!   I miss Chile!!! 
http://twitpic.com/68mdv - @RosiieR I know, it was so depressing!  But yeah, I love this show too. :]]
http://twitpic.com/68mdv - I know, it was so depressing!  But yeah, I love this show too. :]]
http://twitpic.com/68uuj - friends @ our soccerfield that making me suffering 
http://twitpic.com/68ziq  A Pap snap of Ashton is his PJ's is a bit of a low blow... poor dude! 
http://twitpic.com/68ziq A Pap snap of Ashton is his PJ's is a bit of a low blow... poor dude!  #stuffwotimadeup
I Just got told from my dad to go see grandpa cause it might be the last time to see him 
I just got told i look 16 by a bunch of great aunts...  Sad day 
i just got tweetdeck - Im not sure I like it though.... 
I just got two blisters on my left pinky and ring finger. 
i just got two of my blink-182 tickets in the mail today. now i'm watching dexter in my living room. someone come hang out with me. 
I just got unfollowed by 3 people in the last three hours  haha i don't really care though i didn't know those people to begin with
i just got up and its raining.. 
i just got up WELL late, and I'm meana be studying today, oops. blink 182 tour dates out! not one of 'em in the uk, never been so gutted? 
i just got up, i think im sicky poo 
I just got upsetting news about my cat since 16 or so years back. Mum phoned and said he stopped eating and drinking 
I just got woken up to the biggest insect bite I've ever seen on my hip. scared to go back in bed cuz I think that's where I got it 
i just got yelled at by a hot topic employee for calling gauges GAUGES instead of PLUGS...im really upset now 
I just grabbed by mistake a plastic bag with dog poop and it was covered in flies.. DISGUSTING!  :$
I just grew a pimple on my fourhead! 
I just had  the scarriest dream ever 
i just had a break down 
I just had a cab take me home three blocks. Hum...drunk fail. 
i just had a dream that edward cullen was in love with me. and then i woke up in the middle of it  hahah pathetic
i just had a dream that i was exploring some random place and ended up a prisoner and forced to be a waiter. my asshole friends left me 
i just had a dream that my Mom was gonna marry Santa on Christmas and no one got presents. 
I just had a go at doing a sample driving theory test. I think I should hitch home  
I just had a great lunch and in the last bite I bit my tongue 
i just had a nice afternoon and evening at eastwood yesterday. i wanna eat yellowcab! 
I just had a really bad experiance with an overly strechy lacky band 
http://twitpic.com/690q8 - i wanna go home 
http://twitpic.com/695rr - Nellie McKay at ny Uke Fest... Interesting series of events for sure 
http://twitpic.com/695uq, this is how i am feelin now, still doing work for uni 
http://twitpic.com/69h3e - How much Revision I have left  x
http://twitpic.com/69iyy - I need another memo board... it's hella full already! 
I just had a WoW addict relapse moment! I was about to take my bros CC and charge it to play some WoW. I miss WoW 
i just had chinese today and yesterday and now felipes family wants chinese. WTF?!?!?! i just knew this was going to happen.  my luck lolz
i just had chinese. so yumm. but now soo full. ate tooooo much. 
I just had one sad little fishy funeral 
I just had the best nap lol... I wasnt ready to get up but I gotta go to work soon 
i just had the best workout ever my hand cannot type cuz theyre shaking :p hehehe +im burned cuz i spent all day tanning and i look scary 
I just had the most disgusting nose bleed ever. My hand smells like pennies 
i just had the weirdest/best dream ever. im really sad that i woke up and its not true  going back to sleep.
i just had the worst nightmare. 
i just had to come up to tweet this  young broke up lesters no hitter   nooo!! cya
i just had to kill a spider.. - it was big  http://tumblr.com/xqv23cmlw
I just had to look up endometriosis. Oy! 
I just had to say goodbye to all my travel friends  like the guy i sit next to every flight and my favorite flight attendant. So sad 
I just had to take my LG Rumour for repairs. 
I just had to take two buses to get to my terminal..they already posted my flight as being delayed  hopefully that changes in the next ...
http://twitpic.com/69m87 - I miss photography 
http://twitpic.com/69qk0 - No sparkly vampires in this meadow 
http://twitpic.com/69r8h - @rawritskate GET OUT MY BED  i wnar watch BGT final in the comfort of my bed; but its been stolen 
http://twitpic.com/69rqh - For some reason my comment about the photo didn't go through  I said Why did I agree to eat this baby octop ...
http://twitpic.com/69s12 - I really love her, her smile is contagious.  Her mother is diagnosed with breast cancer  *prays for them*
http://twitpic.com/69s22 - More water taking over my walk 
http://twitpic.com/69tb9 - I miss them already 
http://twitpic.com/69txz - Finally throwing out the old spinner hub caps 
http://twitpic.com/69xxx - Yeah, this is what passes as a freeway on a rainy afternoon 
http://twitpic.com/6a07b - Sad face  i have a stye!
http://twitpic.com/6a0zn - Went out for a bike ride. Chain broke 
http://twitpic.com/6a2j4 - Mom lost her phone....the dogs found it...poor voyager  LoL its kinda funny!
http://twitpic.com/6a6uf - the aftermath of pepper`s haircut.. 
i just had to use a &quot;grippy thing&quot; usually intended to open jars and other tightly sealed containers to open the cap of my new chapstick 
i just hate editing videos 
I just HATE men.. He knows I love him to death.. Then why is he still treating me like SH*T?! I miss him 
I just hate seeing old people. The food isnt worth it. And i wanted to see steph   o well, back to studying
I just hate when people I used to know so well suddenly changes  for my luck I still have 3 people to trust (: i love you guys &lt;3
I just have a girlfriend (in the sims3) 
I just have one thing in my mind: My grandfather. He'll be okay !!!! 
I just have to say that Brokeback Mountain, while visually incredible and extremely well directed, was a crappy movie.
I just have to write three pages a day at this rate. I hope that I pass this class. I have one sentence for today 
I just heard a song that reminded me of eating jelly, playing cards and sunbathing on the roof at Tijuana Brass. Time certainly flies 
I just heard about a Greyhound that got knocked into the mechanical rail and sustained some gruesome injuries all for human entertainment 
i just heard my crush like scream 'shes african' lmao  hes so cute
I just heard on the news that by the end of this year we'll all get swine flu, even vegetarians  the government is evil
I just heard that Jon &amp; Kate are getting a divorce. How could they do that?! What about the kids?! All 8 of them! I hope they'll be ok 
I just heard that Stephanie Parker, an actress in 1 of my fave tv shows has been found dead. She was only 22  So, so sad. RIP Stephanie
I just heard that tomorrows gonna b 105 to 110, lots of water &amp; sunblock for Sunday say the weather men 
I just heard the dumbest thing ever you're a jerk WTH so this si what music is coming to...... Tears 
I just hit a bird! I killed it! 
I just hit a black and white rabbit with my car! Thud! Crunch! 
I just hit a bunny 
I just hit a squirell  poor lil guy
I just hit my foot on the door  Owww!!
i just hit my little toe on my dumbbell  boo-urns!!
i just hit myself in the eye with my headphones. owwie  well, just above my eye. not in my eyeball haha
i just hit natalie on the head with the guitar. omg, i am SO sorry! 
I just hope things will get better from here! 
I hope i dont fall for him 
I hope I don't get a parking ticket.  Also, there are little dead bugs everywhere...
I hope i don't get sick again 
I hope I don't have the swine flu 
I hope I find my ID when I clean out my car 
I hope I get fed soon 
I hope i get that job in medowhall , i need a job as my acting career isn't going so well as it did  
I hope I get to see him again  I hope he likes me.
I hope i get to see him alot 
I hope I have the money to do something for my mom tomorrow 
I hope I havn't done anything wrong!  @qascat &quot;I'm not here 4 religion,politics or twits tryn 2 force...&quot; #TwitterAngst #SemperFidelis
I hope I never again feel as depressed as I did around 11pm on Nov 4th.  That depress med commercial felt like a message just for me. 
I hope I pass PALS today, I was tooo sick to study last night.. getting some starbucks then heading over there. I still feel like crap 
I hope i pass the permit test...gonna suck if i dont 
i hope i'll be able to get a call back from them. but i doubt i will. 
i hope i'm doing the right thing here.. 
i hope im not doomed with back ache all summer  i can actually see that happenin
i hope i'm passing  ugh
I hope it doesn't rain later 
I hope it feels like summer soon geeze Cleveland 
I hope it stops raining. Or it atleast doesn't rain on Friday and Saturday 
I hope it´s nothing bad! 
i hope its gonna make U notice someone lime ME  :'(
I hope it's not too much longer til Kyle can get to a computer or I am going to start worrying and assuming all kinds of bad shit 
I hope kate doesn't cry  omg.
i hope little bros bball game isn't rained out 
I hope Microsoft have fixed #xboxlive #marketplace this morning last night I was having 0 luck with it .. I want to play #samandmax 
I hope my ad is okay!! 
i hope my ankle doesn't give me problems tomorrow at the fair. 
I just hope this week goes fast so that friday gets here and I know my fate 
I just hung out with friends! i m watching wizards of waverly place. sigh.  i wish i had super powers
I just hung up my HSM wipe-off board at work &amp; now terry's not speaking to me 
i just hurt my foot really bad right now, i think a nail went in and out of it  ouchhh!
I just hurt my toe 
I just hurt the crap out of my finger while playing football with the boys. It's soo swollen and hurts. 
I just inhaled my lunch 
I just installed Tom Clancy's  Ghost Recon. After 15 minutes of exciting installation the system failed the game,it had no graphic card. 
I just ironed for the first time in like 3 years... I burnt my finger.  Pants are OK.
i just ironed my school uniform for tmoro an some clothes for mum. my sister stole my fone an tried to send a text  but i got it back
i just jacked up this umbrella cake 
I Just keep driving I Just keep driving I Just keep driving I Just keep driving wit no destination 
I just keep getting my head blown off by Skorge in Gears of War 2 on hardcore.. How many times can i try before getting fed up? 
I just killed a bee  but I think he was in pain, he was just hobbling around on the floor rather than flying.
I just killed a butterfly with the Durango on I-10.    Please don't come after me PETA.
I just killed the biggest centipede ever, literally. I'm simultaneously proud and freaked out. No sleep tonight. 
I just laughed out loud when I saw a DO had written &quot;Fenitoine&quot; instead of &quot;Phenytoin&quot; in a patient's chart. I need a life 
I just learned I am considered an independent contractor, therefore I will owe the government some tax money  ugh...
I just learned that David Cook don't twitter. That's a bad news for all the Word nerds and cookie heads out there! 
I just learned that Dom DeLuise died on May 4th.  
I just learned that omar is moving away sooner than planned. Hes leaving this sunday. 
I just learned we lost Danny La Rue 
i just left my kids in a day care 
I just left the club, my hair is now offically f*cked up  lol
I hope my bad throat isn't a sign of H1N1.. 
i hope my boy is okay 
I hope my cat comes home 
i hope my cd comes in the post tomorrow (or later today) 
I hope my day goes smoothly cause feelin like this sucks. 
I hope my dog is ok  she I'd having some issue with her eye. I'm really worried
I hope my dryer didn't break!  I have laundry to do..
i hope my english teacher let's me pass 
I hope my Firefly DVDs come tomorrow! I need to get my Whedon fix soon since the Buffy DVDs are on backorder. 
I hope my flight is delayed ... I left my house late. I really don't want to go. I'm going to miss my babies  
I hope my friend will get better soon.. we'll visit him tomorrow at the hospital.. i'm so worried.. 
I hope my friends have fun in ark! Miss you guys, nothing to do tonight  lol
I hope my grandparents are doing ok. 
I hope my husband comes home alive and well. Under constant attack over in Afghanistan. I'm super worried 
I hope my little pigeons are going to be okay  They've hatched now, apparently.
i hope my morning show doesn't get cancelled! 
I hope my sayang won't get soak wet in the rain ... 
I hope my soon to be ex-wife will find new boy friend is worth it. 
I hope no one hates/is annoyed with me for marking out for both Jeff and Punk 
i hope our album sounds better than i think it sounds...i cant get guitar tones right... ever 
I hope Rachael is okay 
I hope Renault haven't done their usual trick and fueled Ferni light  Also, I cant see Jense being that far off, fueled heavy anyone??
I hope RPattz is ok  leave him the fk alone people he is a human being!!!!!
I hope she gets better... I cant go to Mcfly on my own... 
I hope she'll do it soon. 
i hope she's not mad at me  pleeeease text maddie, i love you sooo much ♥
I hope shopping will help my creative process. 
i hope Sims 3 will be available here soon! 
I hope Snow Leopard is released soon - too many cool apps that won't run on Tiger 
i hope so too @ileanarenee good for nang @MChristina_ she's back in Bacolod.miss that city sooo much already 
I hope somebody will treat me out to watch Transformers. I am sooooooooo broke. 
I hope that I can find a cheaper option for my charity calendars this year, hate to say it but may have to go with corporate sponsors 
http://twitpic.com/6ahma - I miss them 
http://twitpic.com/6ak6p - My door stamp is fading  i loved it so
http://twitpic.com/6ap9n - My poor little car 
http://twitpic.com/6aq6z - Oh Roma, how i miss you 
http://twitpic.com/6aq9o - this is an evil game...I can never win 
http://twitpic.com/6aqrv - @whitneymtaylor's dog Toto broke his little leg 
http://twitpic.com/6ay9j - Omg do want this wrx that was at ea 
http://twitpic.com/6b0sc - I took a picture on set with Tom Hardy the main actor. Hottness! but I look gross..  oh well haha
http://twitpic.com/6b118 - my tummy hurts.  fuckin a!
i just like to do crazy things and it hasnt been too far out lately  hahaha i sound stupid
I just listened to &quot;Very Proud of Ya&quot; by AFI and I must say I miss the old AFI 
I just looked at my @elyysee thing &amp; I missed answering some of those...sorry peopl I never saw them till now 
I just looked over Rebecca's Facebook page and didn't remember it being filled with so many people. Her photo is beautiful !!    sadness
I just looooove scraping and painting! Rescue me! 
I just lost 2 followers. 
I just lost a fight against @rove1974 on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=rove1974
I just lost a follower.  I hope I didn't offend them. I don't think I've said anything offensive. Sorry if it did
i just lost a follower...lame 
I just lost a lot of respect for Mr Buck 
I just lost all my emails!  Not impressed 
I just lost around 200 followers out of nowhere this weekend  
I just lost my bday balloon  no fair oh well a memory to keep that balloon that blew away on my birthday
i just lost my bestfriend.. rip chewy. 
I just lost my creativity... 
I just lost my dick sucker followers... 
I just lost my flash drive and now i'm freaking out. God, I hope I didn't lose it. I had EVERYTHING on it 
I just lost my thumb drive! ugh!! 
I just lost the game 
I just lost the only part of me that was worth anything....  
I just love love love being ignored 
I just love the grandma in How To Deal. Hilarious, I tell you. My legs hurttttt 
I hope that last tweet from trent didn't have any degrading meaning to it... 
i hope that little boy by mine didn't die yesterday 
I hope that Simon Cowells happy that Susan Boyle has been sectioned, it is 100% The Judges of BGT that did this to her  - people arnt toys
I hope that these kitchen renos don't last any longer... they are so annoying 
I hope the clouds clear up today! This overcast thing sucks. C'mon, its the last day of May. June Gloom shouldn't start 'til tomorrow! 
i hope the indians game doesnt get rained out 
I hope the line in production isn't long 
I hope the minimise to tray feature is restored on #TweetDeck soon 
I hope the plane was abducted by Time Lords or something happy like that 
I hope the scary John Lewis manager lady doesn't come shout at me today 
i hope the sun comes back...it was wayyyy too cold today!! 
I hope the sun comes out soon cuz it's too depressing outside 
I hope the tornado doesn't come visit me tonight...  
I hope the weather is better (excuse the pun!) for next week. Really looking forward to it - it seems ages away since Belfast and Dublin. 
I hope the weather is nice tommorow but I don't think its supposed to be 
i hope the weather will make up its mind....changes in the weather causes my asthma to act up!!!! 
I hope there are already 500 tweets about this but Danny Gokey was robbed tonight. 
I hope these never deflate  http://mypict.me/4P8N
i hope THEY didn't return together 
I hope they end this franchise here, or Mission Impossible 4 may see Cruise facing off against the evil Richard Simmons..
I hope they fix this twitter reply problem I can't hit reply where I want to. 
i hope they odnt ask me to work next sunday or this saturday  both 16th birthday parties 
I hope they wind up the meeting at 1.. Dont wanna get late 
I hope they won't be accused again by EU of monopoly practices when Windows 8 will come with an AV included but they will 
I hope this dress fits me like it use to, it probably won't though, I'm not that fat anymore 
I hope this works ut, i can go through the whole heart beak again and again. 
I hope three alarms wake me up tomorrow. it didn't work today 
i hope to achieve goodness one day 
I hope to buddah, allah, and jesus that I find my wallet 
i just LOVE when my day starts with a phone call to tech support 
i just made a twitter! yay...finished my HW for the day...still more to go 2morrow..ugh then back 2 school 
I just made myself a wonderful breakfast!!!!!!!! Now I have to get ready to workout 
i just made poking yourself in the eye with a plug unintenionally, possible 
I just made rice all by myself...training for when i move away 
i just made the best playlist ever.  i want someone to sing with me 
I just made the best quiz EVERRRRR but I don't think it saved 
I just might have to make an appearance at the Apple store on Knox Street because they don't answer their phones. What's up with that? 
I just miss talking to him when niether of us could sleep and he would say it was okay that I missed him...cuz I really miss him 
I just miss you so much right now 
I just missed a call from my bro 
I just missed my train due to ticket inspectors! 
i just missed swac for the third week in a roww! im sorry demi  @ddlovato
I just missed the icecream man.  death has never felt so near. 
i just murdered two fucking mouses!!! now i cant sleep 
http://twitpic.com/6b47e - Taking the set apart  #theatre
http://twitpic.com/6b4me How horrible 'lobster zone' you catch it you eat it 
http://twitpic.com/6b5mu - Alf not happy with LeBron or the Cavs 
http://twitpic.com/6b5r1 - i dropped my ice cream 
http://twitpic.com/6b8gk Coffee downed. Caramel slice destroyed. Beans acquired. But no cocoa powder in stock   Next stop: Thomas Dux
http://twitpic.com/6b9jr - strange the summer 
http://twitpic.com/6barm - no movie tonight!  but i bought this! yay!
http://twitpic.com/6bcgq - I had an amazing day with this people today...I'm gonna miss you so much this 2 months  BFF's 4 Ever lol
http://twitpic.com/6bcja  I made this portrait tonight instead of going out and having fun.  And now I'm not sure if I even like it much 
http://twitpic.com/6biez - Still my dinner  *Waaaahh*
I hope to god I see marcelo again before he moves to pennsylvania. 
I hope to someday have a son.  there r sooooo many cute little boys in here with their sandals and tractor shirts and gi-joes.
I hope today is better than yesterday - felt really really really spaced out in the afternoon. I hate antibiotics 
i hope today is the last time (for a long time, at least_ that I wear this sauna suit. 
i hope ull comeback here again to perform and to stay longer 
I hope we get room 1 back  #asot400
i hope we made the coffee right so tht we dont get yelled at... eeek! 
I hope whoever finds the hundo I lost needs it more than I do.  sad
I hope you go better soon dave 
i hope you wont give a damn! sick 
i hope you're better soon, love 
I hopefully saved a skunk today. But the rescue lady just told me his leg is badly infected so he might lose it. 
I hungryyyy, so hungryyyyyy  ...I dined with an ice cream
I hurt all over 
I hurt my finger. It's painful  
I hurt my hands from the cold 
I hurt my knee &amp; can't walk without pain 
i hurt my lip really bad. 
I hurt my right hand somehow. Maybe from digital painting? Ouch 
i hurt my right hand, but i don't know where I hurt my hand  it just happened
I hurt my thumba nd I don't know how!!  
I hurt my toe... 
i hurt so much  and i had the woooorst day ever  i need sleeeeeeeep
I just Narrowed 220 posters to 9  sad day for me
i just need a hug 
I just need a little lovin and don't know how to get it 
i just need my baby right now i miss her 
I just need one more hour... 
I just need some sleep! and a new GF...  Sad Nate is sad...
I just need someone to cake on the phone w lol 
i just noticed i forgot the L in blooberry. 
I just noticed my new mcfly mug's chipped already! 
i just noticed there is chocolate on my blankie 
I JUST NOW woke up for school @ 8:30!  I'm going 2 be so late. &gt;_&lt;
I just officially relinquished my position as commissioner of school spirit  how bittersweet.
I just opened up my membership letter from PRSA &amp; am disappointed to see they left out my official PRSA Little Orphan Annie Decoder Badge 
I just ordered a new chord for my labtop...should be getting it in two weeks. 
i just ordered takeout. being a bachelor is so hard sometimes. i want a homecooked meal 
I just ordered two new lucite purses and one vintage style box purse I want to keep them for myself!!! But I am going to sell them 
I just paid $20 in tax on a $158 textbook. I am not a happy person! 
I just passed up the opportunity to jump off a bridge 
I just pee'd myself again for the second time today, why can't I just go to the bathroom instead of watching you from afar 
I just picked up Aly from grandma's house. She said she really misses daddy.. 
I just pissed off my boss by taking the day off, fell down the stairs and my ankle is killing me, and just got a pin in my hand.  fml lol
I hurted my head 
i huuurrrt!!  I got a crazy insane workout just doing the shoot. Freakin' raging river beat us up haha. I so NEED a massage, eh eh eh!?
I hve a fat kink in my neck  maybe someone handsome will massage it out later?  we'll see!
I hve a tummy ache. 
I IMMENSLY DISLIKE NOT SEEING YOU EVERYDAY!! 
I installed the new RAM in my MacBook and now it has shutdownn issues  figures...
I invited the enemy to watch a movie....shut down 
i is back nowwwwww. it only took me.. not even 3 days to watch all of season 1 of heroes 
I is exhausted.  poop. Shoot didn't follow through but tomorrows hopefully will happen.
I is in pain!  achy body and fever really sux. At least the cough went away.
I is sad that nobody responded to my FB message. 
I is sad. Just found out something abt my man crush 
I is VERY burned! 
I jammed a finger pillowfighting. 
I jinxed myself 
i joined this because i think my smith chips invent a flavour competion entry wont be recognised  its  SWEETPOTATOE AND SEASALT  flavour ?
i jsut wanted to be like my friends bhut instead  i pooped  [8]
I jumped the gun and ate my yogurt too soon, now I'm starving like a vick pit 
i jus bumped my knee on the desk and im bleeding!!!  how the hell i do dat???
i jus drank this coffee and now i feel like im gonna puke...we are so parked until further notice 
I jus dropped my dog  and im tall.
i jus feel super alone right now! 
I jus got beat with licorice 
I jus missed da bus!!!!!! 
i jus now realizd the majority of my clothes r missn. wth! 
I jus read the cutest text from amy to wendy. 
I just played Cubis 2 on my ipod for about 2 hours.. and I cannot stop sneezing, so I cant fall asleep - gahhhhh 
I just played in my first jam session ever. Then they kicked me off the drums  it was my first time 
i just played neopets for 4 hours. 
I just poked myself in the eye with my nail 
I just poked myself in the eye.  ow.
I just puked rice out of my nose..  It was horrible
i just pulled a splinter outta my scalp. that shit hurts. 
i just pulled out my muller  that hurt
i just pulled out this anaconda! im not talkin bout my dick but this big ass ingrown hair. damn curly belizean hairs 
I just put a serious scratch on my sidekick....im so sorry kicky 
I just put my 22mo old son down for the night in a TODDLER BED. Climbed out of the crib, so bam, that's it.  Too soon! 
I just put Rubbing Alcohol on an open cut that I got from fucking WalMart  and it really hurts - fml !
I just quit dizzywood forver because of kbg. 
I just ran into a tree while tweeting--I think I have a problem.. 
I just ran over a pigeon! I didnt see it tell the last second, then saw nothing but a burst of feathers in my rearview! 
I just randomly started feeling...odd? Weird, lol. 
I just read about a pet serial killer 
I just read my hella old ass comments, and now I'm hella sad.. Oh the mothafcken days.. 
I just read on emusic about their plan changes. Sucks that I will basically have to pay $10 more to get the same amount of credits now. 
I just read one of the elephants at Brookfield Zoo passed away &amp; it got me all weepy. I &lt;3 elephants! 
I just read that Ed McMahon died 
I just read that soon twitter accounts won't be for free 
@HOLD_ON_WHAA i know  im so upset. thanks for the gorgeous pic bb!
@holgere I tried the trial but it didn't work. 
@holibee Jealous  What shall we do tonight?? Friday!
@holikinss Babbyy I miss you and love you  Go on twitter mooore! lol x x x
@Hollahollybanks didn't end up goin to Blue C 
@holland_oats so annoyinggggg. 
@HollandKitty i ordered a Kinsie dress impressed they had &quot;my size&quot; on the site.  Little did I know they didn't include room for boobs. 
@HollandMarielle I feel SO bad, cuz I know for some ppl even just a few days late id gonna mess them up &amp; there's nothing I can do 
@hollapapabear I told Rose and she made a sad face  like that. Have fun with your mom papa!
@HollaWalla Nope - need a data recovery company. Apple says hard drive crashed 
@HollBuz Oh i think i know the one you mean, is it the one they are advertising on TV? And no, no Wii 
@HolleiiZastar I know  its a lonnnggg story lol
@hollemo Oh no! What's happened? 
@holler2party ugh, you're telling me.  I'm going to be staying at the house for another 15 days - a month  I wanna live in my new spot!!!!
@holleritscarly Oooo i'm sorry 
@Holleybee  Gutterball'd. Well, um, don't pay it? And shout at them! Loudly.
@Holleybee yeah you are XD i wish i was in bed too 
@HolleyMonelle dude, please massacre the green sauce. bring me sooome 
@hollia369 she ignored my call 
@hollice Bay Area, it's going to be a long summer  When are you leaving for NY?
@hollie__ Damn I forgot she's on today, I'm guna miss it I'm at work  Hopefully someone will record!
i just  lifted 200lbs of carpet up a flight of starirs... my back hurts 
I just &quot;killed&quot; my first follower... 
I just accidently canceled out my own dinner plans 
I just accidently elbowed my little brother in the eye. Sorry 
I just agreed to work in the morning!  gosh! I wish that.....that i had a ummm.....a reason to not go in in the morning. Yea.
i just an so tired of being in ohio when all my family is in new jersey.  I need to go home for awhile.  I am missing my family 
i just ate 2 treasure troves! i feel so fat  hahah
i just ate a little bit of lotion by accident   gross
I just ate a shitload of mustard *gag* I heard it helps with muscle cramps...I pray it does... 
i just ate a ton of chocolate. now i feel sick 
I just ate a whole fucking special K bar and didn't taste it  Fark i'm sick ! I WILL GO TOMORROW 
i just ate a whole lot of food and now I'm not feeling so good 
I just ate an entire chocolate cake and drank a Starbucks White Chocolate Mocha Frappuccino. Holly Golightly wouldn't approve of that 
i just ate lunch. but mommy came home.  boo!
I just ate pizza! And angel is a nice show. I cried loh  - http://tweet.sg
I just realise it's been 2day i didnt get to tweet tweet alr  miss you twitter ^^
I just realised i got cheated by hang ten...  - http://tweet.sg
i just realised i hav 16 chapters 
i just realised i was looking for string last night and i still haven't found any 
I just realised if I decide to go to school, I'm going to have to be up in one hour 
I just realised I'll probably be at next #btub now because Nana has had to delay her visit 
i just realised its not out til thursday 
I just realised that I am a very bored person 
I just realised this year will be my last year as a Teenager. Gutted 
i just realize a mosquito bit me  i hate them 
I just realize that I am the stupidest person in the world. 
I just realize that I didn't get to make a birthday candle wish. 
I just realize that Im an horrible friend. 
I just realized - 11 days left, tonight's the last time I'll see Elle (most likely), Thursday's the last time I'll see him...then I'm off 
I just realized about 15-20 chapters into Scene Change, I'm gonna start losing readers due to pairings. Sarcastic!LOLZ... 
I just realized how much im gonna miss everybody. 
I just realized how short my summer is gonna be. 
i just realized i can't leave my hamsters for a whole month in july at home 
I just realized I don't have a car or ride for Pride tomorrow. I'm going to have to take public transport 
i just realized i hit 1000 updates already (this one makes 1013). damn i have no life 
i just realized i missed all my boomerang shows  this morning  bummer
I just realized I spelled &quot;adorable&quot; wrong when I tweeted @mindykaling she must hate me now 
I just realized I sprained my finger. I was sitting here watching an instant movie on netflix.  I'm falling apart!!
I just realized I touched this lady's boob money! EEEWWWWW 
I just realized I'm a grace without a will. 
I just realized I'm a Grace without a Will.. 
i just realized i'm only 1/4 filipino, therefore only 1/4 as great as manny paquiao.  ....and now sad. go manny!
I just realized I've been mad at someone for a couple months for not only a stupid reason but it never happened  ME FAIL
I just realized my bass rental has less than a week left on it. 
I just realized my daddy wont be home for fathers day 
i just realized ow many sick people there are on twitter......   ew
I just realized something...last week we had our last dinner together around our table as a family in this house.  I didn't even notice.
i just realized that all of the pictures I took last week didn't have IS on.   some of em look cool but i'm still mad about it.
I just realized that at some point I lost my &quot;I (pterodactyl) ludo&quot; pin from my bag. This is sad for me. 
I just realized that he has changed... 
i just realized that i cannot play halo successfully.  utter sadness ensues.
I just realized that I did not buy anything for myself...I thought about my whole family and got nothin for me... Hehe this sucks... 
i just realized that i have a serious anger problem. who knows the number to a good anger management class? 
I just realized that I have so little happiness that a Dementor would probably be able to swallow me whole within 2 milliseconds. 
I just realized that i made the worst shoe selection this morning to go through airport security 
i just realized that im going to be in florida when HP comes out...  that makes me really sad...
I just realized that I'm missing the MTV movie awards.but I have to sleep to get up early tomorrow.erghh fml 
I just realized that im off the next two days and i have nothing to do. I feel like i have no life. 
i just realized that im short 
I just realized that last.fm is offline today. where will i get my music recomendations now 
I just realized that no more NBA Playoffs = No more puppets. 
I just realized that Sgt. Slaughter isn't in the new GI Joe movie. 
i just realized that Thespian inductions are monday,i can't wait! I did not get my honors last year  never did get my card
I just realized that. And I'm 22... what the fuck... waitaminute... I felt old just reading that. bring the applesauce and geritol. 
I just realized the fourth of july is in 2 weeks...I'm pretty sure my brother won't be home anymore...for my bday either.  
I just realized the only OLP song I don't have on my itunes is &quot;whatever&quot; because I can't bear to listen to it after chris benoit died.. 
I just realized the reason my dog is a compulsive licker, she has low self esteem.       ( LOL!)
I Just realized The utter failure that this rewrite of my story has been  I have lost a lot of days on crap that I'm not even going to use
I just realized this is the first time I've ever been away from my daddy on Father's Day!  I miss him so much! I love u daddy!
I just realized, i missed the season premier pf true blood 
I just realized: NO FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL FOR ME.  Boo!
I just really excited when I felt plastic packaging in my goldfish crackers. But it wasn't a prize, it was a coupon for V8 fruit juice 
i just really want to make mimis. 
i just really want to smack her,. and ann i hope the boys dont tweet anything 
I just re-bit my cheek 
I just receive a message from TerminatorWiki's admin stating that #TSCC is dead...  They are citing this article:http://twurl.nl/4tyl6q
I just received a call from the health officials in KL. someone on my flight had swine flu. now I'm quarantined for 2 more days 
I just recorded just me and audacity fucked up... So now just me is gone 
i just re-did my Karl shirt because thought it looked to crafty before.. and this time I didn't leave enough room for the question mark. 
I just rediscovered the local dance station on the radio. woohoo! I wanna go to USC, the massive in seattle 
I just remebered a really cute moment. I wish i haddent beed suck a dick 
I just remembered .. opening the pool is hard work. 
I just remembered how heavy books are. Looks like I'll be driving 
I just remembered i got a 3 day suspension 4 punching a ugly fagot of a kid in the face  and i meant to punch her in the face
i just remembered i had a dream that i had the prettiest blazers. but i dont 
I just remembered i had to poop before i left work this morning, and I haven't pooped yet 
I just remembered i need to wake up for work 
i just remembered my dream! my neighbor had 2 pet lizards one was neon orange and I was holding it and it flew away 
i just remembered part of my dream &quot;why is she your number 1 and im not even on there&quot; i have problems i even dream about the internet! 
I just remembered Pushing Daisies. Nooooooooo I was too mesmerized by the pretty of Ultraviolet in HD and forgot my show. 
I just remembered that today is going to be a tiring day 
I just remembered what happened to me last night. I was once again attacked by my stupid allergies! I hate it SO MUCH! SO SO MUCH 
I just remembered what today is... six years. Man, my heart hurts. ps  9.
I just remembered! I can forget abt doing my granny's portrait  I hate it when money is the way of things that I really really wanna do.
I just re-pierced my ears 
I just returned from my uncles rosary 
I just rolled up and down in an office chair in the hallway and everyone ignored me  but it woke me up . #psychunitentertainment
I just ruined my all time low shirt GOD DAMNIT! 
I just ruined my health streak and ate a mess of Japanese candy   http://twitpic.com/6iqf4
I just said &quot;get over it&quot; to an inanimate object. I need to go back to bed. 
I just said goodbye to some friends  Hope I'll see them again. Tomorrow, Sweden!
i just said some really hurtfull shitt to someone i dont wanna care about nemore but in reality i love. and i wanna take them back. shit 
i just sat on my puppy bella 
I just saw  the most beautiful dark purple F150, I miss my truck. 
i just saw a bee die. 
i just saw a bird slowly die right next to me  
I just saw a commercial for Scientology on the Discovery Channel. I feel dirty. 
I just saw a dead baby deer! 
i just saw a dead kitten on the road and literally burst into tears 
I just saw a dead kitty on the road and freaked out!  rest in peace little buddy
I just saw a dead kitty on the street. 
I just saw a dead wild cat. Looked like a mountain lion. HUGE! on the side of rt 80 in pa. That's insane. And so very sad. 
I just saw a hooker she looked really bad, i feel so bad for them... 
I just saw a kitten get hit by a car 
I just saw a lady that made me wish my facial hair grew like hers. she puts me to shame ... 
i just saw a pony that used to live in front of my house again. he's developed cushing's disease tho 
I just saw a post on Engadget that had a pic of the Nintendo Powerglove.  I never had one. 
i just saw a really sad Family Matters :'(....Carl killed someone by accident and at the end he was crying and the dead mans wife cryed 2 
I just saw a sexy asian chick driving only her car was not drifting. 
I JUST SAW A SHOOTING STAR! Hmm...   so excited I forgot to make a wish
I just saw a shooting star! woot woot!!! haha too bad I was sooo amazed that I forgot to make a wish  lol
I just saw a tow truck go by with a completely destroyed car. 
I just saw a video of Grown Man from Champaign,IL. I can tell Donnie's back is hurting him in it  His usual hip action is toned way down!
I just saw Drag Me To Hell. It was pretty good, but there was no gore 
I just saw my fave senior for the last time.  Well, one of my two faves, but the other's only going to college an hour away.
I just saw my grades, and they are way worse than last semester  wtf.
I just saw someone in a GA shirt and got unnaturally excited, I need to go home 
I just saw something that I can't have (sold out)  - now I want it even more. I hate that!! 
I just saw that boy who carries the radio around school! He goes to my church ! He's not the same without his radio 
i just saw that on mmajunkie..    
i just saw the last episode of prison break. i almost wanna cry. 
I just saw the saddest little paralyzed bunny pull himself across the street in front of my car.. I'm so sad for it. 
i just saw Tori! i was on the bus and couldnt say hi  miss my candy cane throwing partner in crime
i just saw twitter on the news. so i thought i would update mine. im planning to have a movie night by myself tonight coz im sick 
I just scanned my face!!!  It was an epic fail though 
I just scorched my tongue biting into a spam sandwich 
I Just Scraped My Knee DUe To A Race Between Me And My Mom To The Bathroom  Ouwie!
I just sent a message to CHASE bank contesting that $50 fee, I NEED THAT MONEY BACK DAMMIT! I plead my case, and I hope they refund it. 
i just sex'd all your moms and i got sick 
i just shaved with a blunt razor and now my face hurts 
I just signed up for Japanese 123 at Clark College... it will be a night class with Kamei-sensei... only two days a week  KUSO!
I just slammed my head into an ihop table.  ouch. So drunk
i just slept at 6 just now and woke up NOW. dammit i'm having a severe headache and i cant sleep back 
i just slip my knee at the computer table! AW! now it s raining bloo in here!! ( omgosh! pity knee.. i guess i need 4 sttches  OVER.
i just sneezed and bit my tongue 
i just sneezed and hurt my back. ouch 
I just sneezed.. EIGHT times in a frickin row!!! WTF?!?!!! Eff my damn allergies 
I just sold my car. I feel like a fucking hobo now  
i just sold my chevy pick up ..i should be happy but im actualy sad i had to part from it 
I just spat a nasty loogie out my window, only to find out my window wasn't down. 
I just spent 2 hours looking for a blog topic and ended up inventing my own.  grrrr    http://bit.ly/QRz6y
I just spent 3 amazing days in Disney World.  I miss it already.  
I just spent 5 dollars more on this trip to the gas station than last time! 
i just spent a good ten mins putting photos of besties together to spuce up my mobile like a teen hah - usb device not recognised  wat?
I just spent four hours working on a website template..... Its not finished yet tho 
I just spent the last hour trying to figure out what to wear for my last dress down day this year...fail. I have no fashion sense anymore 
i just spent, like, a full hour creepin' up on a bunny. it turned out to be just a pile of horse poo. 
I just spilled my grey goose  bummer!
i just spilled my smart water. not so smart. 
I just spilled my wine all over the kitchen table.  Skylar = fail.    Loving tonight though... great fun!   Feminism for the win!
I just spilled nail polish on my laptop 
i just spilt my cuppa soup everywhere. now my room stinks of chicken noodle soup! 
I just spoke to my godmother in Germany that i havent spoke to for 10 years! we cant meet up in Belin when i go 'cause she'll be london 
I just spoke with my mom about the flowers she is putting on my dad's grave today. I wish I could be there with her!!! 
I just started watchin whale wars and all I can say is..... Sad 
I just ate some cheese that tasted horrid! 
I just ate some Chocolate ice-cream out of the tub and am now suffering from brainfreeze 
I just ate the grossest bagel ever  going to listen to a whole bunch of cds i made that are old to see what's on them. should be fun.
I just awoke up and I found that my dog ate my favorite candy  but she still my friend....
I just banged my hand on the table and my ring broke!  im kind of seeing the humor in it though!
I just bawled my eyes out watching Marley and me. 
i just beat keelan up 
I just bit really hard on my fork 
I just blew some black guy in the bathroom  again 
I just bought a copy of The Sun. I feel dirty. 
I just bought a Diet Coke with the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics logo on it  Coke vendor fail!
I just bought the Black Eyed Peas new album - wasn't as good as I thought it would be 
i just bought the june ish of candy. my collection is not complete anymore. i don't have the may ish. 
I just broke a guitar string trying to tune it. 
I just broke a nail 
I just broke a nail FML 
I just broke my pen. Total FML moment right there ae 
i just broke my purple smiggle pen  tear tear
I just broke one of my favorite glasses while washing dishes   And sliced open my finger in the process!  Ouch.
I just broke the zeeohingee  damn.
I just brush my teeth not too long ago ((( totally don't feel like eating leh, how?! Don't eat can't sleep. Eat, lazy brush + gain fats 
I just burnt a casserole, I didn't think it was possible. However if you leave it cooking for 7 hours it burns  oops
I just burnt most of my hand. Now its all red and sore 
i just burnt my hand baking cookies 
I just burnt my tongue on pizza and now I have a massive roof-of-mouth blister 
i just burnt myself checking my epic dinner i just cooked 
I just burnt myself from trying to take the pizza outta tha oven  &amp; my pizza wasnt even pau.. Haw mayyyun!
http://twitpic.com/6bmj5 - false alarm.. they just moved on as fast as they showed up.. 
http://twitpic.com/6bor0 - Me this morning at breakfast when the sun was shining. Now it is completely gone 
http://twitpic.com/6bpx9 - Oh, life is tough sometimes (via @lilyroseallen) Soooo jealous, I am. 
http://twitpic.com/6bqcb - 10+ hrs of traveling 2hr layover and 1 more flight left. I look like shit. 
http://twitpic.com/6br6d - Wish I was outside like last weekend at Chichester Harbour  Bloody revision!
http://twitpic.com/6brfb - me &amp; sarah a year ago today in mallorca.  i miss it. 
http://twitpic.com/6bwrl - This one is dark too... Sorry again 
http://twitpic.com/6bwxc - I miss you so much Joe 
i just busted my ass at work fuck me right? ghfjdksalfhjdks hahahahahaha im purple. 
I just busted the bbq lighter with my fat ass...On a different note... My size 30s keep falling off 
I just calculated:  in the last 6 wks, applied for 38 jobs, got 3 interviews and not one job!!!   #unemployment
I just called kenneth alex by accident lmfao 
I just came back from a screenings, missed five short films  but the last one I watched was really good :O
I just came back from Hospital But the doctor wasn't there,,, i have to suffer  4 days more 
I just came back from Yamaha. Have to cut my nails. 
I just came on to twitter and found out who won! No!!!!!! I'm watching it the now and didn't want to know yet  I'm happy they won though!!
I just came to the sinking realization that I'll have to wake up at 7:30am every weekday for the next 5 weeks at least. ...Shit. 
i just cannot write this dang paper. my mind is not working. i'm sick. i dont want to write it 
I just can't eat omelettes anymore 
I just can't figure out what to eat tonight  anyone an idea ??
I just can't get up from this bed . 
I just can't seem to clear my mind 
I just can't seem to get out of this bed....my tummy is hurting 
I just can't sleep! 
I Just can't stand Italian people anymore.. I'm not supouse to say that but. whatever! I miss Americans!! 
i just cant stop eating sweets. help me  im getting fatter 
I just can't sum up the will to give a shit about Sarah Palin anymore.  Why won't she go away?  
i just can't think well huhuuhuhu....SUPER SAD 
I just can't.. 
I just changed into all work-out clothes, only to realize I'll never make it to dance class in time.      Sad Moment.
I just checked my Chemistry.com acct can't do it so many losers lookin for nothing~ After my Celeb break up been alone now 7 mos HATE IT 
http://twitpic.com/6c0yw - i miss thoses days 
http://twitpic.com/6c2ss - The cullen bunnies are gone!! This is so upsetting 
http://twitpic.com/6c8or - not able to draw his face tho 
http://twitpic.com/6cc0t - OMG! I don't have the time to read all these! 
http://twitpic.com/6cd09 - my biology class, the last day... 
http://twitpic.com/6cepx - Today's look...red eyes (from allergic reaction  ) and glossy pink lips
http://twitpic.com/6cflk - People would rather watch Death Wish 3 then NASCAR 
http://twitpic.com/6cku7 - My Burn... Darn that kettle  IT STINGSSS!!
http://twitpic.com/6cnpq - Sun burn  Note to self. Wear sun cream when in sun.
http://twitpic.com/6cp2l - Heading to memorial! 
I just clicked on a link on twitter hoping to see if the wings won, and it sent me to a pr0n site. 
I just collected all 20 loco rocos but 5 were eaten 
I just completely forgot what I was going to tweet 
i just confused with this twitter ! someone help please 
I just couldn't sleep this night. NOW I'm really sleepy.  WHERE IS MY MIILK?
I just counted my pros &amp; cons list: six on each side 
I just cracked up white lightning...  everybody is fine. i'll figure my way out of this one as I always do.
I just crashed my bike - messed up my hands, knee, foot. Also, camera.  
I just created an account on Twine...they don't support OpenID and Gravatars, fail 
i just cried during the whole movie of UP... im so pathetic today.. and well every other day too 
I just cried over a Taylor Swift music video. I feel like an awful person, but it was adorable  http://tinyurl.com/caepz8
i just cried so much listening to this song, cause its my reality  http://bit.ly/mXpAp
I just cried whilst watching hollyoaks  .. i need a life! lol
I just cut my bangs. I think its ugly 
i just cut my finger  it wont stop bleeding hmph
I just deactivated my facebook account 
I just deleted my animal crossing town because I hadn't checked it in 5 months  but I made a new one!
I just deleted my monthly &quot;announce clepy&quot; reminder in Google Calendar. Sad. 
I just deleted the wrong program my box 
i just did 2 math tests omg so hard 
I just did something really stupid, and I bet that it's going to haunt me for a really long time 
i just didnt get up for colllege today. i knew i should but didnt, oh well, LAKE DISTRICT TODAYYYYY!!!!  i cant tweet while im there 
I just dipped my hands in ice water...stupid soda 
I just disappointed a friend. Fuckkkkk  Nothins worse than that.
I just don't feel good today  but I'm going camera shopping which is amazing
http://twitpic.com/6cpn0 - Poor kitty is hurt 
http://twitpic.com/6cpy6 I have left the Palace. Until next time.... Heading back to the USA. Time to wake up. 
http://twitpic.com/6csn7 - Filthy hotel action? Unfortunately not, wiring BCM50 patch panels on a sunday night, in a travel inn 
http://twitpic.com/6d0sn  since the dogs are going with my dad when we move  my mom got a puppy!! she's so cute.
http://twitpic.com/6d44y - Sunny, i got so burnt, it hurts 
http://twitpic.com/6d8lo - and this. i could live on that river. oh wait,i kind of did. i lived a block away. haha. i wanna move back 
http://twitpic.com/6db1w - Tom Allalone &amp; the 78s - support for Imelda May at The Royal, Derby 31/05/2009. Sorry for shite photo! 
http://twitpic.com/6depy - me with hair... I miss it 
http://twitpic.com/6dgwe - new rash spot discovered by my bra line.. i think this is the most PAINFUL one yet.. ugh. itchy bumps go away 
I just don't get how this is supposed to work 
i just dont get it, you try and try but  maybe am just a idiot for thinking that
i just don't know what's wrong with my mom . i can't understand her . 
i just don't like tongue! is there something wrong with that?! 
i just don't understand why people have to be so mean. 
i just dont wanna miss you tonight . 
i just don't want to be sick anymore 
i just dont want to be talking 2 my mom the whole time! 
I just don't want to do the work I need to do today... 
i just downloaded &quot;the lion king&quot; and am now burning a bootleg DVD for class tomor.  disney doesn't sell it anymore!  i had no choice 
I just drank a whole litre of orange juice. Reminded me of when I was in Valencia 
I just drooled on myself. 
I just dropped and scratched my phone for the first time... 
I just dropped from my 500  I must be saying something right lol
I just dropped my blackberry in a craft store  &amp; scuffed a brand new pair of heels. Times are NOT good!
i just dropped my ice pop on my shirt  lmfao
I just dyed my hair blondish for those lovely sunny summer days... and now it is raining  boo- AND this rain might ruin my bonfire plans!!
i just endured the pain of a derma cleaning. 
i just experienced the 1st time of falling asleep and waking up screaming because of bad dreams. my dream was about colt 
I just failed my first chinese quiz.  fuck
I just favorited 1/2 of the moob conversation. I'm still not happy about Zach and Libby wanting to kill me... 
I just feel extremely sad right now. I need someone to talk to. 
I just feel like whinging and crying.  Oh hey, I'm in the right place !
i just fell down my fucking stairs. fuck fuck fuck hurt my foot so bad 
i just fell down the stairs a couple hours ago  so scary
I just fell down the stairs and it hurt 
i just fell going into my house.. not fun 
I just fell off my bed ouch  x
I just fell out of bed.. 
I just stepped on a sunflower seed.. You would think that wouldn't hurt.. But it did 
I just stepped on a thumb tac and now the bottom of my foot hurts! 
I just stubbed my pinky toe. Ughhh. 
i just stubbed my toe on a chair  AND it was the pinkie! thats the best toe!
I just stubbed my toe, then I reached out to steady myself and knocked a glass of water over, tried to catch it and slipped in the water. 
i just stubbed my toe.. ouch 
I just talked to my prof. and she says that she wants to have a conversation with me about my write up...I'm still having problems! 
I just talked to my son Austin on the phone..he really wants to come up for the summer but we are sure his dad will say no 
I just talked to Stephanie for about 2 hours about everything going on. I miss her dearly. I want to go home 
I just thought about it my aunt is taking my friend to see heart even though I told her I would take her 
I just threw up in my mouth while I'm eating.  Watching Chyna Kardashian on E! posing for an anti-fur ad.  My eyes are burning.  
I just threw up, i dont think i will be invited to the next one 
i just told my co-workers that that the end of the world would come by a massive zombie outbrake. they laughed.  fml
I just told my flatmate that Ganguly has a tendency to edge in such circumstances, he did, so sad to be proved correct  #ipl
I just told someone they needed to stop crying in front of steve aoki 
I just took a huge blow to my confidence  i just dont understand WHY IS THIS TEACHER GIVING ME THE BLUES. IS THERE SOMETHING IM MISSING???
I just took my last dose of one of my sleeping pills. I dont know what to do tomorrow. I'll have to take a few extra of the other kind. 
I just traveled from Chicago to WI to go to a wedding in MN that I now can not attend.  Please dont hate me Mr. and Mrs. Weber!
http://twitpic.com/6dm6d - The only worthwhile pic I got at Rockfest yesterday. The battery died on my phone. 
http://twitpic.com/6dpfq - Twitter stole my pic  and keep saying to me &quot;thats a nice picture&quot;
http://twitpic.com/6dppz - i miss my chubby little smurfffff!!!!  lol
http://twitpic.com/6e3z1 - the blue sky out my window 
http://twitpic.com/6e4vs - cant get home soon enough! 
http://twitpic.com/6e5vy - @treenalove212  Want some hugs?
i just tried to hug my mother goodbye, and she cut herself on my back 
i just tried to win Miley Cyrus tickets via a radio show. I was competing with all of the ohio river valley... i didn't win. 
I just tried to yawn while taking a drink of coffee. That could have been messy on a white shirt. It spoilt my yawn too 
i just tryed kicking my brothers but in gh but i failed horrible 
I just turned down a ticket to Cubs/Sox because there's no way I'd finish a work project on time if I go. 
I just turned the man down for lunch. why do I feel like I kicked a puppy? 
I just up dated my blog.  This month has not been a great month for my blogging! sick family members    http://lilypondsoaps.blogspot.com/
I just updated Internet Explorer today and now my browser's locking up,surprise surprise  POS
I just vacuumed my blackberry in hopes of getting the water out. I hope Children's is understanding and will replace it if all is lost 
I just walked into a wall and it hurt like a bitch . 
I just walked past $10 on the sidewalk and didn't see it... 
I just wanna back to my bed 
i just wanna be home. 
I just wanna chill , lay around , and tlk to the boo ... but he's goin to the club ... sad face   *LO(Im)VE
I just wanna eat something and take a nap  work sux
I just wanna feel his arm around me again while we sleep. Is that to much to ask? 
I just wanna go home and draw things  ...HEY TWITTER TELL ME WHAT TO DRAW, FIRST THREE PEOPLE TO REPLY LOL
I just wanna go home!!!!! 
I just wanna go home. 
I just wanna go to the beachhhh  wherew are u sun?!!
i just wanna jump in the pool 
i just wanna let you know, i never gonna let you Go.  ..
I just wanna play sonic! 
I just finish my nap...watching bolt while doing all the homework from my ONE class   !
I just finish my Plant Science online datasheet.. Got 7/20. which means is ard 3 questions out of 11 correct only!!  
I just finished &quot;Breaking Dawn.&quot; Goodbye Edward, Bella, Jacob, and all of the Cullen's. I will miss you so much. 
I just finished a packet of Sour Skittles!(I don't feel so good) 
I just finished a Tear 'n Share Size bag of Dark Chocolate Peanut M&amp;M's 
I just finished a video but accidently added a effect I didn't want. Waiting on a friend to tell me how to erase it 
I just finished all 403 pages of Train Man in one sitting. So touching... and inspiring... yet leaving me feeling all lonely 
I just finished cleaning my room, ha.. All my posters are gone now  But I kept my signed bmth and iktpq poster up 
I just finished drawing Bebe from south park. I really want to color it but I must sleep. 
I just finished Elipse last night It was GREAT! Now it's tim to start on Breaking Dawn. I'm getting sad because it's the last one! 
I just finished exams but I still have work to do 
I just finished jogging a disappointing 3 miles. 
i just finished lauren conrad's book and enjoyed it 
I just finished my evaluation, the conclusion at the end of this course has made me very teary, never want to leave college 
I just finished my friends make up for prom! SOOOOOo gorgeous I feel like it's the best I have ever done.  The pics don't do it justice 
I just finished my ginormous pile of notices...and right when I was about to celebrate, my boss dropped off another huge pile. Poop. 
I just finished my last day at my current job. Now I am officially job less 
I just finished my painting... but I'm not happy with it. 
i just finished my polos   i can't reach the othe 18 rolls...  
http://twitpic.com/6e6pl - I miss this. 
http://twitpic.com/6eacq - We just fried one of our test hardware modules. 1st accident in 2 years 
http://twitpic.com/6eb85 - @johnnypurple    Wall-E tissues will make you feel better?
http://twitpic.com/6ectj - and on June 13, The Rodriguez cousins will once again reunite! haha! I miss the Escobar Hoodies though..  M ...
http://twitpic.com/6edzf - hahahaha, see I'm not even lying 
http://twitpic.com/6eg80 - the saddest thing that has happened to me in a long time  going to have a bad day.
http://twitpic.com/6eh3t - I miss my family so much! I haven't seen them for a year. I want to go back to LA! 
http://twitpic.com/6ej3n - Pic of me a yr before I got married. I was 42 in the pic.. now add 20 yrs in 4 
http://twitpic.com/6ej8c - a snake got into my birdhouse 
http://twitpic.com/6emx5 - Stupid allgery testing!! My arm hurts pretty bad. 
http://twitpic.com/6exi2  - a very nice picture 
http://twitpic.com/6exv6 - Hurts 
I just finished walking Apache... now I'm a sweaty ninja!kitty 
I just forwarded a chain text to 13 people 'cause I didn't want to risk it coming true  FML
i just found a crack in my baking bowl...milk spilled everywhere 
I just found a gallon jug of arnold palmer. Best day of my life. Too bad madre won't get it 
I just found a nasty huge spider crawling in my room and then it disappeared under my messy room  ewwwww bah
I just found a small alien crawling on my arm  wtf was that thing? Hope I don't have a disease now
I just found everything that I have lost in the past week apart from the thing I'm looking for - my darn trainer 
I just found out I am too old to be eating after midnight 
I just found out i have 5 finals on tuesday 
i just found out i have herpes....  not cute.
I just found out Jack In the Box's buttermilk sauce has msg!!  I'm SO sad now!!   That does explain why I think it's so awesome though...
I just found out Megan Fox has toes for thumbs. This as you can imagine, is going to ruin my Transformers 2 experience  http://is.gd/16ixy
i just wanna she came to my birthday party 
i just wanna show you she dont even know you. never gonna love you like i want to...   
i just wanna sleep  4 opens in a row BLOW!
I just wanna sleep so badly 
i just wanna support him , really 
I just wanna watch every SKINS episode over and over again... I'm hooked 
I just want a cupcakes and a casting  
i just want a kiss 
I just want lay in my bed this morn but I have a shoot 
i just want my car back. 
I just want my ganglion cyst to be gone!  It huuurts!
I just want my Palm Pre. 
i just want sleep.....thats all.... 
I just want the pain to go away.  HAHAHA
I just want this to end.     Admit me, Idc; just get it to stop. :[
I just want this week to be over.  i have so much work to do, it's not even funny 
I just want to be a bum and not go out so much. Bleh. 
i just want to be best friends 
i just want to be done... so much to do... so little time 
I just want to be home in bed!   TGIT
I just want to be snuggled up in bed with him right now... Damn distance and rain 
I just want to give her a break. 
I just want to give up 
i just want to give up on this.  i'm nowhere NEAR the minimum word limit (still 1000 words to go), i have nothing to talk about, and...
I just want to go home and play the Sims 3 
I just want to go home. Please? 
I just want to know  I really really hope it is good, it would make my decade
I just want to lie about watching shite tv but i have too much to do 
I just want to meet someone and fall in love again. 
i just want to play isketch with my friendsssssssss 
I just want to show you she don't even know you she's never gonna love you like I want to 
I just want to sit &amp; listen to it over &amp; over &amp; I can't 
i just want to slack. 
I just want to sleep for like a week right now. But no, work. Why does that sentence fragment need a comma? 
I just want to sleep.. Pain medicine please kick in 
http://twitpic.com/6f8ba - Chubby girls stop wearing skinny girl clothes 
http://twitpic.com/6f9at - Looks like no working out 
http://twitpic.com/6f9d1 - Mabey next year you'll be back 
http://twitpic.com/6fa1c - is'nt he cute?!  i really like him - his name is Tom. but my Dog is jelous at him  it's to bad :\
http://twitpic.com/6fdec - Me and my baby...ok, she isn't much of a baby anymore! 
http://twitpic.com/6fgrh - Last time our cars will be here...ughhh...miss my house 
http://twitpic.com/6fjfn - selling my severely underused surfboard. 
http://twitpic.com/6fjpx - cuttin' u know cause im emo 
http://twitpic.com/6fl7y boooo I pulled a string. an important string. and now my shirt is no bueno. 
http://twitpic.com/6fle6 - this frog just peed all over my shirt!  boo
http://twitpic.com/6fph6 - Do you see the sad face on the right hand side? 
I just found out my new Macbook Pro is delayed and now isn't arriving until tomorrow. Boooooooooooooooooo. 
i just found out some girl from my high school's parents were in that plane. horrible 
I just found out that Im going to be in Canada on the 4th of July  not stoked.I was looking forward in spending that night with my friends
I just found out that Jag (our neighbor's little cat) was killed by another cat a couple weeks ago. 
I just found out that my dog died!!!! 
i just found out that one of my oldest mates has turned into a raging alcoholic 
I just found out that the #NCIS actors I thought I was following were actually IMPOSTERS   How do we know @HartHanson is really him, etc?
I just found out the pair of TOMS shoes that I realllllly want are sold out, sad day 
I just found out what Crunkcore is thanks to @jeff_finley and I'm so sad 
I Just found out you can't play Spymaster because it's servers are unable to reach Twitter. So, if Twitter is down the is game is too 
i just found the rose i kept from my pop pop's funeral november 2007. i miss you so much pop&lt;333 its not fair 
i just fucked up all the tags on entries before the first of this year in my lj. if i had a paid account, this wouldn't have happened. 
I just fucking strangled myself on my scarf 
I just gave an msu fan a car rental discount.. He looked so sad I just couldn't turn him away.. 
I just gave myself a black eye. I was reaching the floor for my charger and hit my eye on the corner of my bedpost 
i just get up and i have pain at my throat  my friend will come in my house today and i'm sick  
I just get up..last day of vacations gotta get back to school now 
I just give up on you, this is not gonna work 
I just give up. Today has been a complete waste of time. 
I just gor my phone and 40$ stolen from the locker at the Club.....   It is a sad day...mean people! grr.....
I just got a blizzard that couldn't be turned upside down. 
i just got a email that made me very sad  it feels like one of the worst days in my life...
I just want to talk to someone who can cheer me up because I feel like I'm dying &amp; Loneliness is lame 
I just want you to feel good 
i just want you to feel what i feel, baby 
I just wanted a breakfast taco. Now imma be late for woke.  why aren't all these other a-holes working?
I just wanted dippin dots 
I just wanted to go the *bad, bad, bad, words* beach, but they won't let me! 
I just wanted to hear it another way i guess. but it hurt. and. i didnt even tell him that. Oh 
I just wanted to update my iPhone to OS 3 already 
I just wasted 3 hours due to bad form usability (italian passport renewal form = horrible) - life is too short for bad usability people! 
I just wasted a sheet of paper! I don't know what to draw anymore  Might turn in early tonight, just not up to staying up late tonight. 
I just wasted my 800th update on ana      ..... ANA 
i just wasted the whole entire day sleeping...now im pissed off 
I just watched 6 cars go by with one person in each... 
i just watched a little kid get hit for no reason.  freakin stupid.
i just watched a really depressive movie, and now i cant sleep 
I just watched a video of a woman in Iran dying... 
I just watched Argento's &quot;Suspiria&quot; and now I can't sleep. 
I just watched David Archie on Eat Bulaga. Friggin' awesome. I wish I could watch the concert, though. 
i just watched Marley &amp; Me...i cried so hard! 
i just watched part of jay leno's last show  i fell asleep though, lol.
i just watched spider-man, and everytime i see it I cry when uncle Ben dies 
I just watched the break up. Poor jen and vince! They were such a cute couple. That movie makes me cry 
I just watched the film, &quot;The Boy in Striped Pyjamas&quot;, and it's sooo moving. I feel like crying again. 
I just watched the German dubbed trailer of Star Trek. MY EARS ARE BLEEDING, PPL!  Everyone sounds the same, it creeps me out.
i just watched the premiere megan! it was awesome!!!!!!!!!!! i'm so sorry about your &quot;dad&quot; dying 
i just watched the saddest youtube video. ever 
i just watched the shittiest play EVER. lol... falling asleep. want to nap with hubby 
I just watched the worst Halloween episode of The Simpsons! 
I just went down my street and saw the squirrel  it looks like the pressure of my car popped his head off.   
i just went shoppin bt i didnt buy anyting  oh ecept fone credit
I just went to 11 
I just went to bed at 330 and I've already had two bad dreams. 
I just went to Target and was disappointed 
I just went to the doctor and got a huge needle to the knee. OUCH 
i just wish i was at wwdc 
I just wish i was with kate and nea.   Fuck. My eyes are so red i look high.
i just wish i would stick to weekends sometimes. my cold is worse btw. 
I just wish something great would happen to me for once, and last longer that a day or two 
i just wish there was SOME way for me to go australia. i miss everyone there. 
I just wish this insomnia would leave me already and let me sleep!! 
I Just Woke Up &amp; Ate 6 Pieces Of Toast.........Im Stil Hungry Tho  Hmmmmm Wot 2 Eat? Ideas??
I just woke up all sweaty with tears from a really bad dream  I can't believe I slept for 13 hours... AND missed Saturday School.
I just woke up and am still tired. Laziness FTW. Now, off to homework... 
i just woke up and had two bags of crisps, BAD CARINA 
i just woke up and i dont feel very good 
I just woke up and I feel great! ...not... 
I just woke up and I'm still so tired &amp; mad 
I just woke up and it's crappy Sunday ;( I have to study and play some basketball but WEATHER SUX 
I just woke up and my leg is dead 
I just woke up at 7:30 n my parents are no where to be seen,Dads at work, but where is my mum?this is weird, her bag and phone still here 
I just woke up freakin out, I dreamed my mommy was rushed to the hospital because of the fluid in her lungs and died...now I'm paranoid 
I just woke up from a stupid nightmare. Now I can't go back to sleep. I haven't had one in a very long time. It's only 3am 
I just woke up from a very realistic dream...I am quite disappointed that it wasn't real. 
I just woke up from the worst nap ever and to top itoff I'm hungrier than I've been in a long while *shakes head* fml 
i just woke up from the worst nightmare  ever 
I just woke up on the couch.  i have totally pissed this day away.  
I just woke up still tired  and need a good baq massage .....anytakers?? kinda miss u @leeyuh  but I know you don't miss me soo I 
I just woke up to giant black cat in my face. Now my eyes are all red. 
I just woke up twenty min late.  i remember when someone used to give me wake up calls. Awwww. That quality is hard to find.....
I just woke up with a 100.9 fever  staying in bed for awhile. Anyone wanna bring me some soup?
i just woke up(: crazy night. i am gonna go visit my nephew he is really sick 
i just woke up, i miss my boyfriend 
I just woke up, it's 5 am  I thought the house was falling down. I put my change + $20, gave me $51.48 now, woohoo, saving 4 State Con.!
I just woke up. Going to work 11-9:30 today. Yay 
I just woke up. I had a terrible dream. 
I just woke up. It alredy sunday and tomorrow is monday 
i just woke up. it's 2:41 am and i can't go back to sleep.  http://plurk.com/p/131woa
I just woke up. Lost 2 bids tonight on a Canon Rebel EOS XSi. 
I just woke up... I don't like late naps... makes me not want to sleep later... 
I just woke up... N i'm ashamed  Lol
I just woke up...I can't sleep. I'm nervous...very very nervous. Two months away from here  Leaving in almost 24 hours
i just woke up; like nothing to do today  the pool is out of the question cause its all yukky out
I just wokee upp and found no1 home . . .  ! Heading to the beach soon!
I just wonder when I reply to someone they never reply back so it makes me think that no one is reading what I'm saying  A sad thought 
I just wrecked my car 
I just wrote and entire story, and it didn't save.   Motherfucker.   http://twitter.com/disintegration/statuses/1548632552
I just wrote another song. But it's a sad one though  (Radar)
I just wrote the most useless essay I have ever seen in my whole life. teacher, please don't fail me. 
I just yelled at the tv! Woo cappie and casey in a closet! Boo him not going along with it 
i juuust need an external hard drive 
I juuuuust woke up. Finally a full night's rest. I'm still sleepy tho 
i juuuuuuuuuust realized that its SUNDAY! all day long ive been thinking its saturday! 
i juz can't finsh watching my hk show.... too much disturbing all day 
I kall myself trying 2ship this phone out the same day &amp; then my car turns into a swimming pool!  thank g0d 4leather. any1 have a towel?
I keep clicking @pintsize0101 links. I need to stop that. They are dirty dirty and i get nightmares 
I keep coming up with great songs to round out my latest album, but then I forget about them.  I hate that. 
I KEEP cutting mah self! *tear* index right; im so sorry 
i keep deleting the DMs and more appear. I'm really sorry all .. i will NEVER use it again!!  #twables
I keep dreaming of jack Barakat. Oh how i wish they were real. 
i keep forgeting about my histor yassiment it almost makes me cry and my cat is really unwell     
i keep forgetting bros gf is in the house and i keep singing loudly 
I keep forgetting how I spell my username 
I keep forgetting how much I dislike Georgia.  I miss LA already!
I keep forgetting I am watching something on the DVR and not skipping commercials. 
i keep forgetting i have a twitter  i'm so busy lately. ugh.
I keep forgetting to use this thing...not good. I miss you Twitter. 
I keep forgetting to Utterz.. we haven't really gone anywhere so there isn't really anything to report.. 
I keep forgetting what I'm supposed to be doing. Now I'm watching Merlin and I'm supposed to be posting on LJ and looking for a layout. 
i keep gettin these mysterious bruises- big on on my thigh, one on my arm then another one on my hand where the metacarpals are! 
i keep getting attacked by some stupid person with like 10 villages on travian 
I keep getting ill and I don't know why 
I keep getting interrupted by the weather radio going off. T storms in area. Bummer 
I keep getting my friggen math answers wrong!!!!!! Why! 
i keep getting really dizzy and my ears feel all stuffy... it's not a pleasant feeling 
I keep getting yelled at for no reason! This is ridiculous. 
I keep going to put songs on then realise they're on my dead computer 
I keep hackin and coughin and gaggin it's annoying I hate being sick 
I keep having bad head aches!! I'm getting scared 
I keep hearing about a twitter explosion about Iran. I feel out of the loop... someone fill me in? 
I keep hearing voices. o_O I'm scared 
I keep hearing weird noises. Like there's someone trying to sneak up behind me, and freak me out. I getting my sister to sleep with me. 
I keep kids out of school, wake baby early from nap, ride monster bike w/ kids on to dentist only to be told the appointment is next week 
I keep looking over at my shiny business cards. I want to play with them.  *snaps the whip* WORK Kez, work!
I keep losing followers. 
I keep losing followers...sadness 
I keep missing some of my favorite west coast friends  @lynngg especially
I keep my temperature always up and down. Looks like a fever.. Miss moi amigos 
I keep on thinking i'm seeing alfred alfred kids at this show. I'm feeling a little 'fred sick. 
i keep opening my eyes to some creep shadow thing. its so scary. 
i keep reading contracts as cataracts... Someone should bring me panera 
i keep reading 'T-Mobile Austria' thinking it says 'T-Mobile Australia'... so i am all like, damn 
i keep replaying paramore-when it rains over and over....its suits the weather and my mood 
I keep smelling cigarettes though...don't like that part 
I keep sneezing every minute. Ugh.. I really despise being sick 
I keep staring at my Term 3 transcript, this is what you get for not making any trade offs and taking all the tough subjects  grumps !!!!
i keep thinkin todays friday 
I keep thinking about this guy. i miss you... A lot. I wish we still talked until 4 am like old times.&lt;3 i love you......goodnight 
I keep thinking it's Saturday night.... haven't worked a Friday in AGES. My back is an aching annoyance at the mo, tomorrow will be long 
i keep thinking its tuesday and my stupid msn has crashed 
I keep trying to change my pic won't work 
I keep waking up waaaay too early for someone that doesn't have a job... 
i kenot study anymorez. 
i kept accidentally bangin my ear against my pillow and now its a little swoll 
I killed a tiny insect by putting my iPhone down on it without realising 
I killed the Eggnog thread on PJ with my lame joke 
I killed the tweet deck. 
I kind of agree with Peta about the fly. 
I just got a haircut  oh well ill grow it back
I just got a message on facebook that the vocal camp I went to only has 33 campers for this year. 
I just got a notice that #140conf is not broadcasting Is it just me/my connection? 
I just got a postcard from Prague from Vee! Yay, it makes my day. I miss her. 
I just got an amazing new pedal.... and I just blew both of my speakers. 
I just got asked out by a preg lady 
I just got back and I have the flu 
I just got back frm lunch n dinner  1 Malay 1 indian restaurant. Now I have to pack my bag for school 2mrw n then... Shit! My art project!
I just got back from climbing contest. forgot my camera.......  so no pictures  (stuppid me!!!)
I just got back from LA and I'm craving food, uggh, I'm always craving something! 
I just got back from my bike ride, enjoyed it now i've got to go to the dentist...AARRRGGHHHH!!!! Hate,Hate Hate!!! 
I just got back from school...and dreaming about Taylor Lautner's HACKIN' EIGHT PACK!!!--I'm gonna miss my friends after gradutation. 
I just got back from shopping and I'm really annoyed I can't get shades  Anyway,I'm pretty bored now.
I just got back from the back to the 50's, again, and I'm so sunburnt on my calves, nose, and upper left arm it hurts just sitting around 
I just got back from the dentist. I have clean teeth but a head ache too. 
http://twitpic.com/6fskv - oh wwhhheee little eddy doesnt feel good. 
http://twitpic.com/6fsza - last day of english courses 
http://twitpic.com/6fv8e - i dont have more photos! 
http://twitpic.com/6fvrr - Definitely swelling... 
http://twitpic.com/6fy2y - Found this cute puppy outside the office. Wanted to take him home so much but was kinda sick 
http://twitpic.com/6g1jd - benjamin crinkles,luna sparkles, scarlett johannson  i miss my cats
http://twitpic.com/6g1jj - I really miss my mom right now. I wish she was awake so I could call her 
http://twitpic.com/6gaed - Claui &amp; I. lil' sis, i miss you. 
http://twitpic.com/6gar1 - Just got my hair cut for my job interview tomorrow. I look like a prat.  
http://twitpic.com/6gbbq - Someone is tired, I miss him already 
I kind of dislike family bonding times when everyone has to be on their best behaviour to pretend to be really really happy. 
I kind of don't like this upcoming weekend. Have a feeling it's gunna be too hectic 
I kind of don't want to go back to Utah 
I kind of don't want to go to the rockies game tonight.  
I kind of miss some of the senoirs i knew. Aww!! Juan 
I kind of only love Eminem because Brennan does, but, he's growing on me 
I kind of want to go to the drive-in for the Transformers midnight showing tonight, but my car has no stereo 
I kind of want to kick Mother Nature in the crotch right now.  Rain- Rain- go AWAY.  Please?? 
I kinda don't want to go back home 
I kinda feel disappointed    Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore
I kinda feel like my brain is banging against my skull trying to get out. Ow.... 
i kinda have this love hate relationship with winter, not cool 
i kinda just found out why the M is capitalized in Cook's song title 'A Daily AntheM'. 
i kinda miss @mitchelmusso 's old hair.. 
I kinda miss my dad.  it's really weird that he hasn't called for days.
I kinda miss my tongue ring . 
I kinda miss Slane now...despite all that walking 
I kinda miss tweets 
i kinda suck 
I kinda wish i didnt get twitter back on my phone bcoz im addicted 2 it again ..  .. I need 2 sleep .. :L
I kiss you every night in my sleep 
i kissed a girl and i like this ..!oh god ...! i am hungry..!   too bad
I knew England having amazingly hot weather couldn't last long 
I knew half termy would to so pooing quick 
i knew i should of backed up my photos..im gana cry floods of tears if ive lost my photos 
I knew I should of just stayed home... 
i knew i shoulda got the flight last week. it went up! 
i knew i shouldnt have gotten online tonight 
I KNEW I SHOULD'VE BOUGHT TICKETS TO YESTERDAY'S CUBS GAME.    Epic fail on my part.
I knew I shouldve never touched those wires smh  (help)
I just got bit by a huge fucking spider in Animal Crossing. EWWW!!! Now I feel like I really got bit  I hate bugs.
I just got bored again 
i just got burned from the astrojump  freakin slide!
I just got called off work 
I just got compared to steve-o. 
I just got daddy perfume! Woo. Oh man will you just please add her back? So I can seeee! 
i just got done eating some crawfish at babyy kaylas house. it was delicious, now im going to go to bed since i have work tomorrow 
I just got done studying for finals, really tired and have to study tommrow this sucks!!!!! 
I just got dumped. 
I just got excited about a sale on milk at the grocery store tonight. I'm officially an old, boring adult. 
i just got followed around cvs  i have money.....DAMN!
I just got grossed out by the CHEAP ground beef I bought!  Whuuh!  I will never buy that again.  It totally ruined my taco salad 
i just got hit by a truck, im ok but my car isnt 
I just got home from church. Tomorrow would be my last day of easter break 
i just got home from dance. soooo sore 
i just got home from dinner... the last time rpda will all be together 
i just got home from my last day of middle school! it's sooo sad  but i have to get my gown on now and put on a happy face!
I just got home from North Manitou Island and I need to update my journal but I'm tired. 
I just got home from school, damn! I have so many assignments. School is so life consuming 
I just got home from school, super tired. but still needs to study for tomorrow's classes. huhu  goodluck to me
I just got home from the pub....and have to be up and get ready for work in 5 and a half hours... 
I just got home from work 15min ago &amp; need to be back at work in 7 hours 
I just got home from work... And now im working again....on my dang homework... 
http://twitpic.com/6gg1m - Awww my elderly friends got their car broken in to, contacting police for them now 
http://twitpic.com/6ghm7 - R.I.P. to my PC for now 
http://twitpic.com/6gj95 - I got my Red Faction Guerrilla pre-order bonus today! It's pretty sweet. No game though 
http://twitpic.com/6gjjq - me &amp; miley on the last monday on season 3 of hannah montana 
http://twitpic.com/6gl1i - Twitter blocked here.  Trying a work-around for tweeting. Can u c this?
http://twitpic.com/6gl1i - Twitter blocked here.  Trying a work-around for tweeting. Can u c this? (via... http://ff.im/-3uURY
http://twitpic.com/6gmvk - Looks like were happy doesn't it - doesn't show how we are just about to fight and ruin everything though 
http://twitpic.com/6gosu - i am NOT feelin it today 
http://twitpic.com/6gy3k - Tongue ulcer~  Painfulllll!
i knew i was gonna cry  officially a high schooler! i love you @Felicia__Ann and @xo_lola_ox
i knew it was a bad idea to leave the tidying up until today 
I knew it was bound to happen.... Finally sick 
i knew it was too good to be true  kid is up... snack time for him then more playing... at least i get to leave at 4:30 today!!!
I knew it would be Adam and Kris but it still breaks my heart for Danny. 
I knew it wouldn't last, it was only a matter of time.... sux I was getting used to his nice side!  
i knew it. something always got in the way when i'm too excited. 
I knew that the noise was a joystick.. Why didn't they call me! 
I knew the sun shining was to good to be tru..It's pouring now 
i kno im mad late, jus say this vid of spectacular..... that nigga lookn sweeter than a bowl a sugar 
I Kno it's Friday nite &amp; I shud b full of energy but I'm exhausted. Not feeln it 
I KnO they're my guilty pleasure like shopping   @diorchick0420
i knocked out last night as if i got hit by a bus. super bummed i ddnt see @xCarlosx. 
I know - bless, poor pikachu!!!! I've only got Rex the rabbit now 
I know  even though you still fell asleep a lot! Haha i shall miss you.
I know  ima fight my manager
i know  ouch @gracielag
i know ! yess  me and britt ran back in at like eleven and i got popcorn and gum all over my shirt from looking ! it was discusting.  haha
I know ... I'm so sad 
i know ...&quot;never give up&amp;stuff&quot; ... however, (sometimes/often?) why i actually practise that much, mmmm .... 
I know @Gabbi_93 I have a lot of homework to 
I know @laurenwil1  I'm going out tonight tho  Which party you going to?
i know a lot of ppl didnt think usher &amp;tameka would mk it but im still saddened bcuz another family is left broken especially w/ the kids 
I know and I didn't have my camera to record.  
I just got home.... I wish tonight wasn't over yet 
I just got home..... All star Tuesdays are great!!  , now i gotta get ready to go to this funeral tomorrow 
I just got I'D'd to see a rated R movie 
I just got in a fight with her...again. Im in pain. 
I just got in trouble for laughing too much at work  my bosses boss office is behind mine..umm this may be an issue. Haha! (ooops) ;p
I just got invited to the Metal Hammer awards in London. It's on a Monday night. Gah, not likely to make that. How un-metal. /w\ /w\  !
i just got me 2nd shoot! ouchh i need icecream 2 feel better! wheres my daddy! 2 more shoots 2 go  i hate doc!!!
I just got mistaken for a boy by the postman 
I just got molested by a fat woman. 
i just got my butt beat in monopoly 
I just got my first fail whale...  @Twitter.
I just got my new glasses. #1 I look awesome  . #2 They are extremely light  #3 They seem to be way to dark even indoors 
I just got my own digi-camera 2 weeks ago and i STILL dont know how to put stuff online  tom. ill figure it out
I just got on the bus for my 3 hr bus ride to Sarnia and I found out my A button is broken on my gameboy colour 
I JUST GOT OUT OF MY MATHS EXAM!!!! it was hard  i think i did bad
I just got out of the shower and I want to crawl back in bed. 
I just got pulled over  and as he runs my license my dumb ass is on twitter lmao wowwwww - Jay Dot http://twitpic.com/68pwm
I just got really tired and super cold.... I was doing so good all night 
I just got sent to the naughty step by my daughter for buying giant chocolate buttons when I am on a diet 
http://twitpic.com/6hi97 - Too much history for my liking 
http://twitpic.com/6ho8y -  nobody hearts me
http://twitpic.com/6hpat - miss them 
http://twitpic.com/6hpmr - @KChenoweth &amp; camping do not mesh well!!  
http://twitpic.com/6hpu9 - staying home sick today 
http://twitpic.com/6hzi7 - Just found this gem of the brothers together on stage...   RIP...
http://twitpic.com/6i9dp - my release form 
http://twitpic.com/6ihoo - I want to come back 
http://twitpic.com/6ij02 - I want a blue dog. 
http://twitpic.com/6iocu - @iamtwitty correction 
http://twitpic.com/6ioht i want him!!!!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6iphk - i want to go back there  lol♥
http://twitpic.com/6iqkv - AHH  I MISS MY DOG SOO MUCH...JUST WALKED IN MY ROOM WISHIN HE WAS THERE 
I just got shat on by a pigeon 
I just got some freaking fantastic news.  The exhaust cam actuator on my trailblazer is shot, can only be fixed by a dealer @ $250 - 500 
I just got some on my fav jumper and now It smells like cake mix 
I just got stung by a bee!!!  bad times, well more so for the bee- I'm not worth dying for! Poor bee and my poor leg! Ouch really hurts!
I just got terrible news , I'm not longer allowed to eat mm peanuts because of these damn BRACESS ! UGHHH ! I will miss you my m&amp;m's 
I just got the new OS 3.0 upgrade for the iPhone and too many apps aren't working well, not too happy about the upgrade 
i just got the worst paper cut ever! 
i just got this random spasm of pain in my mouth...like jaw &amp; now i gots a headache! 
I just got this sad news that my childhood friend died. strangers kill her. so sad. I wanna cry . 
I just got this sad news that my childhood friend died. strangers killed her. so sad. I'm really sorry for what I've done 
i just got to talk to my babygirl.  i miss herrr! she was yellinggg my name..make my heart sink
i just got to work..... i was supposed to be here at 8..... opppps 
I just got up and im home alone again  my sis is at camp but i get to go next week!! Yay
i just got up and washed my hair, i'm still tired like hell 
I just got wrangled into going camping this weekend..all I wanted to do was sleep in &amp; relax 
i just grabbed a hot curling iron around the barrel with my hand, OH YES i burnt my fingers!! i didn't know it was on!! it's not mine 
i just graduated 
I just had a conversation with @KIllBei that basically ended with YOU'RE GOING TO FAIL CHEMISTRY. 
I just had a great night with my friends.I'm barely awake but I'm so going to miss some of them 'till Sept 
I just had a great weekend, and I don't want to go to school!  you know guys it's almost vacation! *exams are a little detail* hungry now
I just had a layer to solve on my rubix cube but then I accidentally messed it all up. 
I just had a milkshake.  bleh. Feel gross.
I just had a night mare bout chunk's special ed friend from the goonie's was spending the night and he kept chasing me 
I just had a nightmare and now i cant sleep 
I just had a nightmare. 
I just had a Paul, Peter &amp; John call the office immediately after eachother. Where's Ringo, he's my favourite 
I just had a pining for @cowinparachute  Like a genuine pang of missing. MISS YOU CHRIS YOU SEXY GINGER YOU!
I just had a red headed slut with Easton. Great shot! Miss u Lysette and Michelle. 
I just had a timed writing essay about the Odyssey today. I hope I did good. 
i just had a very bad nitemare  is anyone awake?? :'(
I just had an accident!  this man was swaying in the highway and hit my in the back! And worse he continued driving as if he did nothing
I just had another wave of sadness. 
i just had KFC. It was my dinner  and i still have my lunch to finish that i neglected to bring to school, or tell my dad that i didnt.
I just had lunch and i'm ridiculously full  i feel like i ate way too much haha
i just had my diff calculus test ths morning. i had my special migrane after! 
i just had my grad party today!!! it was awsome!!! i didnt get the jobat first solar thou!!!   o well ill keep looking!!!
I just had my OSU email forwarded to my OU email.  It said the OSU account would be deleted.  I am saddened and feel like a traitor. 
I just had my worst schedule ( and PE which is social dancing  hmp ) ever plus new bunch of blockmates! Sophomore year is goin to suck.
I just had Safari 4 Beta crash for the first time 
I just had sex with a rhinocerous who doesn't love me. 
i just had the best cheeseburger ever!!, but is getting fed up now as i cant find a dress for the christeing arrrrrr 
http://twitpic.com/6j4ao - lunch with @sweatlee today. @fourfeetnineaud had to run off early for a meeting 
http://twitpic.com/6j5c1 - I had to leave this revision for work 
http://twitpic.com/6jahp - about to start a room tidy... this could take a while 
http://twitpic.com/6jedv - I MISS MY PUPPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Maggie come back to mommy
I know and I have been a very naughty boy!  Have been blogging on my own site but not on there 
I know- Back and forth, back and forth. My final decision is to NOT go to NOLA and see @ThrivingIvory. Gotta get up too early tomorrow. 
i know being funky fresh is a good thing ....... but it has to be bad when people are &quot;freshly funky&quot; 
I know but ever since i started talking to chino on a serious level she doesn't talk to me like she used to  it makes me sad
I know but it's hard --  @darknes5
I know everyone likes reading about crafty screw ups. here's mine today: http://tr.im/nGsA had to vent 
i know exactly what cross stitch pattern i want to use for the green room...but they don't make it. and i can't make my own patterns. 
I know how you feel, I wish  I could do something about it  
i know hun  we're sorry. just know we love you bunches!
I know I am going to wake up sore tom. because of tennis today! 
I know I ate too much when I dislocate my jaw 
I know i don't have any followers  but i'm at ags. First tweet is exciting. Not.
I know I forgot people. Darn it. 
I know I just deemed food stupid..  BUT MAYBE I LIKE STUPID FOOD! EVER THINK OF THAT, FRIDGE!? HUH?
I know I know it's Monday!  But it feels like a SUNDAY! YEY!!!!!! Plus I was in bed most of yesterday with a cold so I missed out! 
I know I left school on friday planned for Monday but I can't remember for the life of me what I decided to do in algebra.. 
I know I made one but just because I heard so  many thing about it.. But its lame 
I know I owe myself a tan and some sand! Shamefully I think I work memorial weekend  I suck.
I know i put my keys in my bag...except i didn't. And now i'm locked outside and gab isn't home and i'm tired and sick 
I know i should be happy but truly im not 
I know I should be happy that I get to see KOL, but I'm disappointed that I'm not going to be with HAers 
I know I should do something for school, but right now I am to tierd. Hope it's getting better tomorrow. I wish I can get some sleep 
I know I shouldn't be saying this but fuck it..I'm horny as hell  http://twurl.nl/8q6cjc
I know i shouldnt tweet dis becuz im scared of da dm's &amp; replies &amp; shit but im horny!!!!!!! lk i just watched porn &amp; i wanna screw 
I just had the best dream EVER. It was so vivid and sweet!! I'm mad I had to get up from it. I know I'll never have the same dream again 
I just had the best time everrrrr at goodbar!!! im so sad the night had to end 
I just had the craziest dream. It was twilight related and bella wasn't a vampire and she died... 
I just had the greatest dream about Damon and now that I know it isn't real...I wanna cry! It was so precious! 
I just had the idea to go to the &quot;Naschmarkt&quot;. It's a very famous mart in Vienna... But it's closed on sunday 
I just had the most amazing dream...and was so gutted when I woke up to find it wasn't real 
i just had the most awesome time at the park near my school with my friends Emily, Keaton, Henry, and Jake. Too bad i graduate in 2 days 
I just had the realization my baby girl is not a baby anymore... when did that happen? 
I just had the scariest dream ever.  
I just had the worst fall I've had in awhile. I have a GIANT bruise/swollen leg. And I have to work tomorrow. 
I just had the worst haircut of my life 
I just had the worst nights sleep ever 
