i feel like i miss something.  what do i miss?  i don't even know 
i feel like i need to scream... things aren't the way they need to be...l 
I feel like I need2 get up and do somethin productive like go jogging.lol Im so comfy in bed tho  I WILL do something productive l8r 2day.
I feel like I should be at a wedding today...not a funeral.  RIP Scott...
I feel like i wanna chuck up  this isnt good...
I feel like I want to vomit all over my face right now... 
I feel like I wasted my night completely. No games to play, no shows or movies to watch. Just spent my night online ...reading 
I feel like I would love summer school if there was no class... but unfortunately 
i feel like if i ask for money people will think im like pathetic or something  i dont know
I feel like Im 5 again...In bed w/Tasha bc the power just went out bc of the storm &amp;&amp; I'm so effen scared!!! I hate lightening! 
I feel like I'm about to implode. Perhaps my cup of tea had some red matter in it 
I feel like I'm about to start crying for some reason...I don't so much appreciate it. 
I feel like I'm allergic to pollen , most likely cause it's making my nose runny 
I feel like I'm back where I was a year and a half ago! This is a good thing! The only difference I come home alone  kinda a bummer...
I feel like I'm being given the silent treatment... I'm not even quite sure what I did wrong 
I feel like I'm being punished.. 
I feel like I'm drowning without water. 
I feel like i'm dying. My bones ache, i cant stop shivering even though i'm really hot and i cant breathe right... This isn't good 
I feel like I'm falling for him everytime I see or talk to him but yet I feel like he doesn't want to see me 
I feel like I'm getting sick...probably bc of these freaking chemical plants in Baytown messing with my allergies!!! No bueno 
i feel like im going to again. please dont do it, stomache! im begging you! i want to sleep tonight! 
I feel like I'm going to die 
I feel like im going to pass out n throw up. I feel like poop 
I feel like i'm hungover. I hate meds 
I feel like I'm ill all the time, hacket 
I feel like I'm living in a Charlie Kaufman film 
I feel like im melting infront of this fire...no more ktown tonite 
i feel like im not really here, feels like im falling, drowning i got no idea why i feel like this 
i feel like i'm partially responsible for your 3hrs  @NaRai_
i feel like i'm still in 7th grade. i hate this leveling up thang. if only we can just fail schoool &amp; stay 7thgrade forevahhhhh 
I feel like im that girl in the movie hes just not that into you  haha
i feel like im the only lgbt in this room right now that does not have a faghag with with me...  *feels left out* 
I feel like I'm the only one who hasn't seen Twilight yet... I suck. 
I feel like i'm the only student in 6th form 
I feel like it isn't fair that I can't buy my mother or my grandmother anything for Mother's Day.  
I feel like its gonna be a strange week 
I feel like I've been hit by a Mack truck..I'm so exhausted   xx
i feel like i've been hit by a train 
i feel like I've been hit by a truck and I really cannot concentrate on my work right now  mind is going round in circles ugh
I feel like I've been run over by a truck, and I didn't even drink last night 
I feel like I've been run over by a truck. 
i feel like i've been stabbed in the stomach 
I feel like I've eaten sand paper  silly virus! I am departing to bed to play with my iPhone apps some more. Goodnighttttt &lt;3
i feel like ive lost that 1 good girl 
I feel like I've not tweeted for so long, when in reality its been a day. I can't find my ipod 
I feel like i've pulled a muscle in my leg  And i have p.e today 
i feel like jumping on my bed &amp; singing it as loud as i can with it turned up as loud as it can go!! too bad i wasn't home alone 
i feel like listening to music by loading it at office.. i dunno if it is allowed! Though USB Port is enabled, PenDrives are disallowed! 
i feel like living in forks.. everyday rain and dust..  i miss the sun!!
I feel like my boo is mad at me... 
I feel like my dream just got crushed 
I feel like one of those vampires who melt in the sun... It's not very comfortable.  mah!
i feel like pasta haha. sooooper dooooper bored.nothing to do  grounded! ugggh. i have the rocklobster song stuck in my head.bahahaha
I feel like poop. I hate being sick 
I feel like poop. No beach today 
I feel like sh*t I hope I'm not getting sick. That'd. Be the worst. 
I feel like shit  what kind of sickness is this! x(
I feel like shit again wtf 
i feel like shit and i want someone to snuggle with 
I feel like shit dudeee. 
i feel like shit i totaly fucked up my neck/back on the spine.....fucked up my stomach and jaw to 
i feel like shit so im staying home today 
i feel like shit today, i don't know why.. and plus i'm sunburnt 
i feel like shit, i really don't want to be at work 
I feel like shit. Goin 2 sleep very soon 
I feel like shit. Like my entire life is a mistake.  i just want to disappear. Be invisable.
i feel like shit:| 
I feel like shiz!  going to tan! laters
i feel like silly puddy!!!! 
I feel like singing my lungs out right now, but everyone is asleep. 
i feel like sleeping seriously.  but i really HAVE to study. Argh!
I feel like someone has kicked the shit out of me. How rancid. I hate the flu. It sucks balls. Work soon too 
I feel like someone punched me in the lip!! 
i feel like someone took a hammer to my head. Ahhh 
I feel like someones just hammered nails into my heart. 
i feel like something is wrong with me 
I feel like somethings missing 
I feel like spending a tonne of money at McNally Robinson today... but I have no money 
I feel like such a bad blogger! Its been almost 2 months. 
I feel like such a loser. I'm going to bed on a friday night because I have work 2mrw  this sux http://myloc.me/2IEY
I feel like such a traitor- just bought ready made hummus.. My mom would be highly disappointed  some armenian I'am..
i feel like taking a day off but cannot afford it  looking forward to the dfb cup final tmrw night though. go werder!!!
I feel like the aforementioned pills read my last tweet and decided to be completely ineffective just to spite me. That is low 
I feel like the Iranians are on on an irreversible path to something terrible.  You're in my thoughts, brothers and sisters #iranelection
I feel like the life is slowly being sucked out of me  Woke up drenched! Showered 5x yesterday here we go again! 2day I cont. My fight!!
i feel like the life is sucked out of me im so tired....ugh.  last day of school! and last day of ms kossenko 
I feel like the most pathetic loser on earth right now.  This is the worst year I've ever had. 
I feel like the only person on my flist who still doesn't like Glambert. 
I feel like the plague 
i feel like the whole jon and Kate relationship should be like an etcha sketch so we could just shake it up and start over my lord 
I feel like there's a lot to do and not enough time to do it. 
I feel like there's something deep in my ear and it hurts so bad  can't sleep now.
I feel like those kids that are the last ones to be picked up from school because their parents forgot about them..  
i feel like throwing up 
I feel like throwing up now... FML... 
I feel like trapped, I'm wanna run but i`m locked in four walls, I wanna scream but no one can hear me 
i feel like twitter has forgotten about me 
i feel like typing with left hand it feels unloved  
i feel like utter crap now... sooooo sore from cheerleading  once again i have 2 wake up early 4 cheer 2marrow!
i feel like walking round circular quay with a starbucks coffee and a friend. sounds good, but won't happen. fark. 
I feel like watching every episode of boy meets world today. if only I had them 
I feel like watching The Life Aquatic. But I don't own it 
I feel like whenever I need my ipod I can never find it 
i feel like writing on tumblr but i don't have a laptop 
I feel lil sick   I miss  my studio I wish I feel better song I can make some new song
i feel lonely today.... 
I feel lonely! noone is following me  not much to follow though!
I feel lonely. Why won't anybody talk to me? 
i feel lonley i only have 4 followers 
I feel man flu coming on... 
I feel mean 
I feel mean now actually  Mam adored him and she found videos on youtube and she just kept talking, but it's not my kind of thing. Better.
I feel miserable today 
I feel misunderstood by the person who I care about the most...this sucks 
i feel more tired 
I feel much better now. Yay. But today i dont know what to do 
I remember when jon&amp;kate was all cute all the time! Now it's cute &amp; depressing. I do not like this combination! 
i remember when we kissed...i still feel it on my lips...the time that you danced with me...with no music playin... i remember till i cry 
i remembered telling my mom that if i keep eating during these 3 weeks, i'm soooo gonna be fat by the time i attend class.. 
I remembered the Che beard when I was at the Charlie Chaplin mustache 
I remembered when I met @thedanyoung he told me &quot;who are you now?&quot; and I said &quot;the names Celynne Young&quot; XD but he had to leave  ughh!
I removed the clothes I can no longer wear from my closet...here's all the hangers left: http://twitpic.com/6di4m ...exercise starts now 
I rent 5 movies yeah cause I'm gonna be home all weekend because of my ankle  saad about that tweet tweet
I rentd,  valkyrie, mall cop, new underworld.   If anyone wants to come chill with injured me. Haha 
I requested my last mean before I leave on Friday. Away from Twitter, txt, emails, and internet  For 3 days!!!!! Ahhh
i rescued three baby birds yesterday, now i'm not too sure what to do with them   their mommy needs to come get them
I resent some people sometimes. I really do.  Just had dinner with my dad  miss my parents!!
I retract those fashion tips... oops! 
I return to work a month from monday...and I'm not looking forward to it. 
I ripped my favorite pair of jeans today 
I ripped my favorite pair of jeans. 
I ripped the crotch of my jammies 
I ripped the crotch of my jammies  baby jesus is telling me one should not be in jammies at 4pm. WHATEVER BBY JSUS
I rlly miss LA  .Missin Santa monica beach,bloomings@Sherman oaks,Glendale,AMC Burbank,sushi @Pasadena,old frnds n the trffic along fwy 5
i rly like him, but i dont know if i can trust him again, but i wanna go out with him, but idk... 
I rly need a computer in my room so I can participate with chats and such...mobile stickam only lets you watch the main screen not chat 
I rly want the new sony vaio pocket pc but a waste of money.. Yes/no? 
I rly want to sleep at 11.30 tonight. I sleep badly when I have my period but I'm just so tired 
i rly want to win the jonas contest ugh im so nerves ive never won anything before  and id like that electric guitar to practice with my
I rode my friggin bike from abbottsfield all the way to Castle Downs..now time to go back to abbottsfield on the bus  wish me luck
I ruin too many lives  some christian i am 
I ruined my surprise birthday party! 
I ruined the mac and cheese...  so im making it up with take out conejitos.  been a fucked up 24 hours. poor coyote and duck 
I sad too 
I sad...my cousin is in the hospital   I Love Her So Much
i saddened when some people inflict pain upon themselves. i just really want to help them forget the pain they're feeling. 
I sadly didn't get to watch the rest of it.  I missed the first hour. Only saw the 1st 10 minutes. I'll have to rent it. Lol
I sadly have no voice after the Food Faire and The Academic Pep Rally!! I need my voice. 
I said 1st 20 
I said Bye to my Daddy 
I said come here please to @Kali_roll so he could get my debit card 4 my potato, but he ignored me. So no dinner tonight for me! 
i said fuck.... sorry 
i said i dont believe in choosing between people so yea now im single 
i said i was going to bed but watvz, @x33ieroNINJA http://dailybooth.com/x33ieroNINJA/463369 i didn't see this! thanks for rmaking me cry 
I said I was going to sleep in till about 11. It's quarter to 8. I fail. 
I said I was gonna clean the exterior of my car today- guess what? I ended up studying instead  Lame, I know...
i said it's too late to apologize .. 
I said some bad things last night, sorry god 
I sang at church this morning, and due to some Excedrine I took earlier in the day, I shook the whole time. 
I sat on my finger and hurteded it! 
I saw @idagurl, @elmargomez, Victor and Marc in Boracay. But where the heck was JON AVILA?! He was really there! Just saw pictures in FB! 
I saw @metrostation last week. And now...i miss him.  sad for me.
i saw 5 dodge challengers on the way to work this morning. it's haunting me. i want that car so bad. 
i saw a beautiful piano!!!  but didn't have the chance to play it 
I saw a kid with a flobee bowl cut but i failed at trying to get the pic. 
I saw a movie on TV long ago, just a little indie thing, one of the actresses was amazing but at the end she was the 'In memory of...' 
I saw a pig on the way home... Hope I dont get swine flu 
I saw a resignation letter in e office and its ahkhun's.  - http://tweet.sg
I saw a squirrel get hit by a car while walking to bart this morning...wondering if there was anything I could have done. 
I saw a website not too long ago that I really liked and now I don't know what it is 
i saw an extremely big insect and when i wanna hit it, it's gone! 
I saw Angles &amp; Demons today and I found it very predictable! Didn't like the film 
I saw ghosts of a girlfriends past, i cried,  its was cute haha i was bawlingg!!!
I saw mom come home, I'm hot, I wish she'd put me in. It's at least 100 out here! 
I saw my books and I suddenly want to go to school.  But then when I go to school, wishful thinking for summer. 
I saw my uncle today  he doesn't look too good- words cant describe the emotions i feel right now-i needed a good cry but it still hurts
I saw Robert Horry in Vegas on Saturday, I wish he was still part of Lakers! I know he is retired 
I saw something funny today that I wanted to post to wrongworddammit, but I can't remember what it was 
I saw the britains got talent clip of Hollie Steel on perezhilton.com, and it actually made me cry! i feel sorry for her. 
i saw the cutest bunny at the pet store.. it was so bouncy and friendly..  i want it.. remind me to not go see animals if i can't buy them
I saw the day, all the night and the day again... My eyes are telling me &quot;sleeeeep&quot; but my brain said &quot;NOT YET&quot; to them... 
I saw the haunted house! Tht haunted house is near with my home! Aaaaggghh I totaly freakin' out 
i saw the news. farrah fawcett is dead! *sobs* i am deeply heartbroken about this news. our beautiful angel has become an angel for real. 
i saw the scariest video i've ever seen in my life!! its like..SCARY! I never knew something could be that scary! my heart still hurts. 
i saw the worst thing to day i saw my teacher pashing her husband at the shops  wasnt a gwd site
I saw this guy on the 40. He wouldn't race me   http://twitpic.com/7rrjd
I saw this New Moon jacket with Taylor Launter today but it was FIFTY dollars! I didn't have enough money. 
I saw Tom Hollander's Cutler Beckett costume on display in Disney! I can't believe I missed his last two movies 
I saw too many drunk people tonight, yet I'm sober with twittering capabilities.....    umm yeah
I saw Up 3D last night, confirmed the sad truth; I don't have stereoscopic vision... 
I say &quot;I've got a 16GB flashdrive&quot;. He says &quot;I *saw* a 64GB flashdrive&quot;. Somehow his statement trumps mine. 
I say it so much. but I wish we could move in together  I just wanna like...run away...
I Say Yo WAY To Much. Tweet Tweet. Life Is Good. Money Lack Though  Wondering If Glenn Is Single. Shhh Dont Tell Him Tho :L Tweet
i scared my kitty during this fiasco.  come backkk, let me pet you.
I scared myself at 6:15am. I thought I had slept the whole day and woke up at night, missing school and job interviews. 
I scared to follow a lot of people because my list is so interesting, I don't wanna miss anything  luhv ju guys 
I scored 118 in expressing negative emotion on http://tweetpsych.com/ - can't be very good  (and there's another one!)
I scored 4 Series 3 Mix 'n' Match Toys at Toys R Us today!!! I'm going to get a lot of cool toys!!! Srry, no contest this time!!! 
I scored in the Top 10 for the &quot;Stick Science&quot; contest - but didn't win.  Have a look.htttp://www.flascience.org/wp/?p=1081
I scratched my iPod 
i scratched the screen on my phone  i knew i should've lietened when they told me to get a screen protector
I screwed my blogs 
I screwed my hair!! ugh!! I guess you just learn from your mistakes!! 
I screwed my Zenwalk install yet again  Moral lesson: never interfere a glibc upgrade...
I screwed myself on the Galveston tickets  who else is going to this show except Jules
--i secretly fuck wit this letoya luckett song 'not anymore'... well, i guess its not a secret anymore. 
I see a boring weekend ahead, rain, rain, rain it seems 
I see a mom.  pushing a stroller. On a cell. Swatting her toddler walking next to stroller. I want to punt her and give the kids a hug 
I see how this works: Ive been running on adrenaline for 3day, havent eaten in 22 hrs, now its Mon morn w things to do! #paris 
i see i was leavin drunkin comments agin lol couldn sleep last night AGAIN.. bipolar sucks ass some times!must haven a manic stage  xx
I see it's a great spamming day on Twitter 
I see Mousavi and I keep thinking Mouse.avi......am I REALLY the only one? 
I see nyc from the tap bridge 
I see people talk about MAX already. I'm sad that I won't be able to go to MAX this year.  First year I will miss it since 2004 
i see some of you isnt 'greenified' yet  its just a little thing to do but a big support to show. #iranelection
I see that airports now  have a key on off switch for the power... So that people like me who need power can't do there work 
I see the man jailed for Baby P is appealing against his sentence.... Let's hope it's in outrage of how leniantly he's been treated 
I see you mike on the live show. Wishing I could go to your Birthday Bash 
I see. Guess I'm lost.  lol
I seem to be developing a southern accent from working at the mall.  This makes me sad. 
i seem to be incapable of sleep before 2am 
I seem to be losing my faith in knowing I'll get a job before I leave for my Eurotrip. 
I seem to be making the majority of the additons to the work music playlist, damn fine additons too, although Billy Joel got veto'd 
I seem to be missing out on everything this weekend! 
I seem to be the only one who remembers this song  ? http://blip.fm/~6gl5a
I seem to have lost all motivation.  The living room still looks like a bombs hit it and I haven't even started on the dining room. 
I seem to have lost my copy of The Traveler by John Twelve Hawks. I was hoping to reread before reading The Dark River. What to do. 
I seem to have more issue with Twirl based shortened links than any other service. 
I seem to suck at IIDX lately. 
I seems to b missing out of fun.  frds r out 4 dinner while am hm counting sheeps.
i seen marley and me today, bawled my eyes out 
I send artwork for an ad to a 'community paper', printed piece comes out and they did some low resolution/jpg version that looks horrible 
i send mail liv and write about me  i am guildmaster www.sotc-gaming.com Saints Of The City we r play wow 5 year and realy want join beta
I sent a gazillion emails today, but only two got answered  (Unfortunately it was the two that were least time-sensitive)
I sent a Tweet with pic from the top of a hill during Saturday's 60km ride but it's nowhere to be seen. I was charged a fortune as well! 
i sent demi a message she didnt reply  nor did mile and leila sent a message to lily and she didnt reply  lol
I sent that last night tweeples. My phone is acting up. 
I Seriosly Need To Clean My Life! Gotta Get Ready For Brighton! But Seriously Cba 
I seriously can't sleep..a glass or two of wine would b so good right now 
i seriously don't understand him anymore 
I seriously fear that reading Paris Hilton's tweets is doing serious damage to my IQ 
I seriously hate my bed. I tried sleeping at 10:30 and only got like 2 hours total cuz I kept tossing and turning all night! 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy: i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy http://tinyurl.com/pfosp3
I seriously hate that the iplayer won't work for me anymore. i can't listen to radio 1 
I seriously hav a doubt whether im havin VP theory exam or VP practical exam..!! Pls help me ppl.. 
I seriously just can't wake up today   ...thats what I get for going to bed early
i seriously just got attached to the cute doggy. were givin him to the pound 
I seriously love Google Chrome now. I hope I will be able to experience it on a high speed connection though. 
i seriously might have a sleep disorder...i haven't fallen asleep before 3am since forever and i wake up almost every hour after that 
I seriously miss my LP 
I seriously miss vegas  anywho, g'nite twit fam xoxo
I -seriously- need a job. I hate being broke. 
I seriously need a nap 
I seriously need some Midol right now.  Did you know there's caffeine in it? LOL. D:
I seriously need some sleep 
i seriously need to declare war on procrastination this weekend 
I seriously need to get out of this building. 
i seriously need to give up smoking 
I seriously need to go to the doctor... 3 weeks is a bit long for my throat to still by effed up.. 
I seriously need to revise for admin tonight. Then I need to organise these boxes full of school shit. 
I seriously need to sell my Montreal's No Doubt ticket .... 1 TICKET !  ^=^ uhmfm 
I seriously need to stop going out so much. My body's tired! Don't wanna work today.  Hiccups!
i seriously think that i suffer from insomnia. i need some fuckin tylenol pm. my ankle and knee kill 
I seriously tried 12 people last minute to try to go to this Mets game today and no one, absolutely no one, could go. 
I seriously use cash so little I just tried 5 different pins at the ATM and none of them worked 
i seriously wanna twitter about my whole weekend but theres not enough room. 
I seriously want a pug  Buy me one?
i seriously want the bold or 8900  idk when ima get it..
I seriously want to chop my legs off right now, I hate restless leg syndrome!!!! 
I seriously want to kill the internet that is here 
I seriously wish i could've gone to the hsm concert  
i seriously wish i was somewhere else....am hating it here 
i seriously wish that i had telekinesis. 
I served Suzy Bat @seattlestorm @wnba at work at Syd airport today. I wish I hadn't been so nervous to ask for a photo! Regretting it 
I served Suzy Batkovic @seattlestorm @wnba at work at SYD airport today. Wish I hadn't been so nervous to ask for a photo. Regretting it! 
i set my alarm for 7, woke up, then fell asleep and now in a rush  damn zzzzness!!
I set my alarm to get up all early for NOTHIN...Epic Fail 
I sew fat T_T I should just shoot myself cause I can't fit into any dresses 
i shall sleep soon 
I sharded 
I shaved my head bald, and not on purpose 
I shooo wish I cuda been enjoying my oreo cookie milkshake wit whip cream and a cherry on top rite about now but I'm not 
I shoukdnt haven't taken that deep walk in 'em heels!!! I twisted my weak ankle aGain &amp; now I'm huSTLin' beHiND the BAR on a liMP 
i should be &quot;bus stalking&quot; right now..i soo wish i were still meeting @jordanknight today 
I should be a full-time drunk. lol too bad things like big-girl responsibilities get in the way of my dream! 
I should be adding new stuff to hip2Nashville.com but I just can't seem to get motivated to. Knee is hurting too bad. 
i should be apartment hunting but i am watching movies...i really need to find a good place...why is it so hard? 
I should be asleep, but instead I am wide awake 
i should be asleep. but i keep having to come back in here and listen to the &quot;before the storm&quot; preview. i'm still so sad about it all. 
I should be at @thebamboozle today 
i should be at the beach right now! 
I should be awarded noooooob of d century award!!  
I should be crying in this scene, but my ducts are all blocked, so my heart just aches. 
I should be doing hw...but...I don't want to. 
I should be doing school work.. but I'm not.  I hate myself 
I should be falling asleep somewhere else. 
I should be getting on with my photog project, but I'm just not in a mood for it 
i should be getting ready for owl city. BUT NO. i'm grounded 
I should be going to @Kirtsy's &quot;Hands On Social Media&quot; event tonight - instead, I will be cuddling and comforting my sick baby. 
I should be going to sleep but........ I can't! 
I should be happy since it's my day off and the weather's awesome, but instead I'm being emo 
I should be happy that I have a 3-day weekend but all I want to do is call in sick today so I can have 4 days off.  Oh well... 
I should be immune to this cold!!! WTF!!! 
I should be in atl right now damn job I wish I was rich!!!! 
I should be in Atlanta today.  So sad 
i should be in long beach for loma prieta, but instead i'm stuck in bakersfield 
I should be making up for all the reading I haven't done this week but instead I'm watching my like 4th movie of the day. Hmm Yay school 
I should be on my way to Duck, NC right now... the vacation that got away...next year.  
I should be out in the sunshine instead of being stuck inside 
I should be out in the sunshine, but I'm inside working instead 
I should be outside to enjoy the beautiful weather, but instead I am waiting at the dentist for an hour long session. 
i should be reading to my biology test 
I should be sleep, but im not! thinking about an old friend who I want. but he's married now. damn, &amp; he wants me 2! scandalous! 
I should be sleeping 
I should be sleeping ...  
I should be sleeping but I'm drinking a fanta orange and watching infomercials  
i should be sleeping, i have a stressed out week coming to me. 
I should be sleeping. But I don't want to 
I should be studing... 
I should be studying 
i should be studying but i have ZERO motivation for it. 
I should be studying right now..hmm 
I should be studying/looking for a job, but I'd much rather watch the Golden Girls marathon!! Still sad about Bea Arthur 
I should clean my room... 
I should explain the the bees were hoping to reside in the wall cavities so not an easy  &quot;scoop-up and re-home&quot; option.  All very sad 
I should get used to dreading work..12-9P 
I should go get a life. Sam just texted me 'Phuture tonight?'  http://sgBEAT.com/pic/81/
I should go shower but FFAF is fucking distraaaaacting 
I should go to bed but now that I've got my paper done, I just want to stay up all night. My brain is on vacation 
i should go to bed soon but im not tired and mums not here to moan at me to get to bed! 
I should go to bed soon. I am really sleepy. 
I should go to bed, but I'm not especially tired or sleepy.  This is somewhat problematic.
I should go to bed, i'm up in less than 5 hours! 
I should had taken the blue line. I would probably be there by now 
I should have a sign that says: please don't feed the insomniac caffine.  i'm just laying in bed with my eyes closed. @juicyjewelz
i should have brought my laptop to work today.. 
i should have brougt my book to read..im done with hw, now waiting for work at 1 
I should have called out for sunday 
I should have checked the Shirt of the day before I left for work!  How great is this? http://shirt.woot.com/  To bad it's sold out.  
i should have followed her just now.. 
I should have gone to see TBS in Charlotte tonight, except I have no friends to do such things with. 
I should have just married a doctor I'm with one all the time anyway  back at the clinic again!
I should have known better than to come into the office today, stuck here till probably 4pm   Lame!
I should have made some hard boiled eggs for this tuna salad.  I also would have liked sunflower seeds in it but don't have any. 
I should have punched the people distributing BNP fliers near the uni.  That would have made me feel better.
I should have registered for #wwdc long ago wit @berald   http://myloc.me/2YjR
I should have told Jordan to tweet his way onto the plane 
i should have went to bed early, i have got alot to do tomorrow 
i should head downstairs soon and get ready to leave. ughhh. NOOOO! 
I should just stop going to the mailbox everyday and just accept the fact that no more graduation $ is coming 
i should just...Let it go. I really should. I know I should...Easier said than done. 
I should know better than to eat sweets!  
i should learn bio - but i'm to lazy 
I should learn history now. and chemistry. and maths. and I just really really don't wanna do it. 
I should learn how to twitter from my phone so I can stay occupied at work where it is blocked. Along with FB and gmail 
I should learn not to walk all day, and then sprint through sprinklers without stretching. 
I should lern   but I am to lazy 
I should make more #mcfly layouts for twitter... but what of? I feel uninspired today 
I should never have left the house this weekend 
I should not be allowed to spell whilst drinking.  
i should NOT be on twitter right now 
i should not be up this early after only going to bed at 4am  so so tired
I should not have stayed up till 4 watching heroes last night 
I should not have taken that benedryl 
i should of stayed @ home an in bed an da house is empty 
I should prepare a presentation but I don't know how long I'm supposed to give a talk... So, I'm doing nothing for the presentation yet. 
I should probablly stop tweeting now and get back to work 
I should probably go to bed now so I can wake up early tomorrow. 
I should probably go to bed since the Really Mobile team will be arriving in six hours 
I should probably go to sleep now. It's so windy and loud outside though   5am wake up call tomorrow. If I haven't tweeter by 6, worry.
I should probably haul ass to get the classes I want. Most of them are full. 
I should probably pay more attention to people's profile pics 
i should quit diet coke 
I should REALLY be in bed right now, knowing I gotta be up 4 this meeting &amp; opening the store 2moro 
i should really be up and ready to get to a surprise party right now....  i hate you sickness. i will beat you uppppp.
I should really get a raise seeing as though I have to work on the weekends 
I should really get out of bed... Not for work reasons, just that there's no coffee here 
I should really go and shower. Instead, I am trying to beat the Final Vision. Nahatomb is mean, and Hewpoe is still a dick.  #Klonoa
I should really go to sleep now, I have work in the afternoon.  Goodnight
I should really have bought a prime instead of a zoom 
I should really start updating my twitter more often. Just been so bummed these days 
i should really win today  #squarespace have had a crappy year/month/day so far.
I should sleep longer than only this 3 hours last night  So than my only thing to say for now is good night!!
i should sleep...zzzz 
I should so straighten my hair right now, but damnit, I'm feelin lazy!  #BSB
I should start doing chores now. ungh. 
I should start using this thing more. I'm in slug mode right now and my boyfriends birthday is the 9th. He's gonna be out of town 
I should start working instead of be-jeweling .. 
I should stay out of advertising 
I should still be fast asleep 
I should stop listening to the new Sounds album...but no, I wont. Reviseeeee Ali 
I should stop talking so much at work!!  i'm worried that this will go into my assessment.
I should stop trying to reach @mitchelmusso 
I should sue DD... they didnt give me my free donut w/ my coffe purchase today 
I should take a nap now so I don't see anything else. 
I should take another pill or two,my nerves are out of control 
I should try not get get distracted on other websites, or have DestroyTwitter open so I know when people tweet back at me... 
i shoulda gone home, my head hurts 
I shouldn't be crying but i am. 
i shouldn't be looking at merch if i got no money 
i shouldn't be twittering i should be on eclass 
I shouldn't be up reading tweets...I have to get up early for #agileroots ... @utahkay is getting up at 5 am?  
I shouldn't check things like twitter and facebook, apprentice winner and big brother ruinedd  go yasmina, kate was deffo a robot norassed
i shouldn't have cut my beautiful long hair. 
I shouldn't have cut my hair.  I look like a primary school kid with a bad haircut.
I shouldn't have drank that Pepsi.....know I can't have caffeine...feeling crazy already... 
I shouldn't have eaten all this candy  #fb
I shouldn't have kept the electric fan on when I was sleeping . Now get a headache... 
I shouldn't have looked at the picture Chris just posted. 
I shouldn't have napped... 
I shouldn't have opened my big fat mouth. Now he's mad at me 
I shouldn't have said that about Adam Pascal. It was mean 
I shouldn't have smiled so hard last week cuz it only makes the inevitable pouting happening this week that much sadder 
I shouldn't have started so early.. my brain hurts! 
i shouldn't have trusted my monkeys   the bloons killed me 
I shouldn't have watched all that porn as a teenager   http://bit.ly/164Bgm #fb
I shouldn't of had all those redbullz, now I can't close my eyes 
I shouldn't of moved to adjust my bag yesterday 
i shouldn't still care, but sometimes i do 
I should've brought some oil stocks while it was @ $30. Fuck me for being behind the curve!  
i should've eaten breakfast. almost 11am and i get really hungry.  how funny next song on my ipod is 11am by incubus. hehe.
I should've paid more attention in my anthropology class... I've got a feeling this final tomorrow is going to be no joke! 
I should've said no to &quot;I have never...&quot; hahaha .. Oh no! I'm gonna miss Miguel so MUCH!!!!!! 
i shouldve stayed another night in the bay 
i should've stayed home. locked out of my user account at work. waiting on hold. no hold music. 
I should've taken cough syrup this morning!! I don't even have it with me. Hacking up a storm. 
i shouldve took a 4 hour nap! now im not tired &amp; cant fall asleep 
I showed up to work 3 hours earlier than I had to. FML. I had plans todayyyyy!!! 
I showered, got dressed, and I'm ready to go, but everyone in my house is snoring. I want pancakes! Someone rescue me please. 
i shud get ready n hit the gym  i'm fed up with it already!
I shud somehow get rid of this habit of coming in late..my PS3 profile name is niTe_Owl..I'm literally becoming a nite owl 
i shud start getting ready for church...purple dress? 
i shut my blinds the rain is that bad 
i singed my hair while making spagetti....again  remind me to wear a ponytail the next time i'm near a stove
I sleep way too late. Seriously. I need to start getting more sleep or I'll probably die underage 
I slept absolutely horribly and i am back to feeling not so ok and like im going to be sick 
@Janaye_Ingram awwwwwww man!!!! Heck yea but I'm goin to Essence 
@janayjarvis oh no.  wheres she going?
@JanayS i dont know  AE used to be the bestest! and what?? i thought abisha said they were??
@JanayS Please don't. I'll miss you. 
@Janciepants thanks, I'll let you know 
@jandsy @sandieb321 it's all about vw bettles and classic cars,oh and people with water pistols filled with bleach and bodily fluids 
@jandthecity *gives you aloe vera and my sympathies.* 
@jandyman I totally agree with you on that one, sometimes I think life is too short to sit in an office all day 
@jane__ i wrote to her few minutes ago that she shouldnÂ´t leave us ... 
@jane_bradley @alexsheppard But don't you be fooled! They look pretty but dammit they're rubbish! Not tasty 
@jane_l Don't want to change my name to Horny Kitty though! 
@jane_l my content server won't start. 
@jane_l So every time I see hubby tie the canoe on top of the jeep I shld be coming? Hmm..I'm doing it wrong. 
@jane_l Tab loves danger. She grew up with no parental figure.  #rrtheatre
@jane_laura just the normal washing up liquid, i even re cleaned the sink after it had all that grease in it. 
@jane_louise79 Good! Cause I don't know where my camera charger is... D: We need a picture of us together! And no, I didn't get my phone. 
@Jane_Platt honestly... i'm losing it big time! when i told her about my blog &amp; all she immediately said; stop doing that 
@Jane_Safarian no other videos at the moment, but i have a few ive started but never finished  about 4 i think, one is a music video
@JaneABaker I can twitter from work.  Wooo-eeeeee, I can now message you lots x, but I can't see your cool link though 
@JaneBelinda aww thank you, but it doesn't stop my bottom half being at least a size bigger than the top 
@janecakemaster Meep!  Did you manage to finish in time? Or do you have to retake a part of it...
@Janedebond damn inquisitios  I think this calls for a cookie!
@JaneDoes yes 
@janeeexx this is interesting, hmmm, o only have one follower (how unpopular am i) 
@Janefonda last day   hope to see the photos of the hip and joint operations and a blow by blow of your recovery and rehab
@JaneGazzo But I'm a poor uni student without foxtel  had to give up that addiction. Hace tix 4 both Cog's melb gigs
@janehamilton22 I am but need to leave sharp to pick up junior so no can do on drinks 
@janeharrison8 was closin luv  going to see it 2moro morning at 10 with emma n purv, claire sed she might if she gets up. U wanna join?
@JaneHumen Preach that shit, Jane and RJA. 
@JaneHungOz @junkiecat Since I'm not on FB does it mean I'll miss all the B&amp;B stuff?  
@JaneHungOz also wish I could play more along with you guys but at work again and my Twitter time is limited. 
@JaneHungOz hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - I'll be around from lunch time onwards 
@janejohnson7   hopefully you'll get the rain we are having
@JaneLebak Poor little boy.  Hopefully he'll get better at it as he grows up.
@janelle_steele yes my emoticon theory states that you are just over 26 
@janelle30 Im sorry my pancakes were that bad 
@janellechante WACK lmao i need to do something fun hmm...... PS3 is at home 
@janellecool i didnt wake up  i even ate applesauce to stay up!
@janelleee_xoxo i'm gonna miss the next one  i'm sad. oh, and do you watch hannah montana?
@JanelleIraMae Oh no. I am disappointed 
@JanelleIraMae susan boyle lost? That's a shame. 
@janellekay must be nice....I was looking forward to do that but it is raining here in Florida.. 
@JanelleMonae I missed it too  I forget to watch sytycd at least once every week..
@JanelleMonae so sad I missed it 
@janellemonae yea I tried that one and the pr one twice 
@janellems  I think it's cool!
@janellems aww.  when will you see them again?
@janellems hahaha i only write sad songs... 
@janellepinky I know 
@JanelleRichards aww  i can respect that...
@janelleyo Wish we could deliver alcohol, but state law prohibits us. 
@Janelliebeans I don't even remember what's on there!!! 
@janelowe at this rate 
@janemcconnell my housemates mum??? wish I could help but english not my strong point no more   but best of luck with it x
@janeownsyou orlando bloom too! his is like fake and not him 
@JanePorricelli oh- and you did not take me .... 
@JanersM I have sniffles tonight.  it's terrible!
@Janesaw ginger nut biscuits are the best biscuit ever.. i think arnotts have made them thinner though 
@janeslee Yes keep them hungry then pour their food. My cat likes to bite you when shes hungry...worried one day she'll eat me 
@janessahilliard I wish I could be there 
@janessao I always play her lallaby CD on weekends during naps.  But, the washer and dryer set we have is beep happy 
@janesteen yeah, I prefer &quot;website&quot; too, and also prefer real twitters: &quot;Cera&quot; doesn't happen to be one: http://bit.ly/Yn7hy 
@Janetdawson2009 I can't find you on Facebook. 
@janetfungus http://forums.philosophyforums.com/ the link doesnt work at the moment for some reason  well not for me anyway. how bout you?
@janetfungus i know. dont worry. its fine  i wont force u to choose n feel bad. atleast drop in at the start? for like 10mins? 
@Janetita @Danime, That would work, except I don't have the money to go over there. 
@JanetMorris that sounds horrible. it's nice and sunny down here in florida 
@Janetrigs i do too.  ah well. @fakerparis stole my @rpatzhood. i am a scorned ho.
@janett10 Yes it will. I had to miss KC this year.  I'm sure he'll be back around our part of the world again next year.
@janey79 I'm at Del Mar, checked in hotel and front desk said David isn't staying here 
@janey79 no i can't vote from my phone.  but when i was home, like 5 hours ago, i got some votes in.
@janeybelle15 oh I'm very rarely sick! Can't remember getting home though 
@janeybelle15 ok thanks just getting ready to head off to work  have a gr8 dau x
@JaneYee HEROES! she plays Elle. until Sylar cuts her head open 
@JaneyGodley I wouldn't worry Alans duties will be over by the time the next series comes round 
@janeyha I wish,,, baby been a right shit !!!! Working hard plus bloody hay fever !!!!  I'm a mess  xx
@janeyjojo Howdy, yes big day tomorrow so just getting the essentials sorted..running gear... energy drinks...vaseline...going to be hot 
@Janeylou74 Aww no hun - you're not having much luck with your sleep either are you  Work's bound to tire you ready for Zzzzs later xxxx
@jangles @bryanperson Looking forward to the tweetup tonight.  Does it really start at 9 p.m.?  I have to go to work tomorrow. 
@jangles Nothing new there then    [sent from my work PC]
@janibrajkovic Congratulations on your tt victory, shame about the tdf 
@janiceftw Oh no. That is such a shame. Hard to reach that decision after just two sessions, tho.  
@JaniceLayug ill let you know when my schedule frees up a little, my schedule at work has been unpredictable and its wearing me out 
@JaniceOCG Hip me to WEEDS, I'm not aware 
@JaniceW6971   If it helps, there's a bottle of wine in my desk.. It's Betsy's but I'm sure she would understand if it's an emergency!
@Janiece65 Nope, no passport.  Planning on heading south?
@Janiece65 Not a lot.  Have to pack, so I'm up.  Also finishing some stuff at work.  
@JanieceLincoln i'm good girl. i saw u hit NP yesterday. I was too tired to offer my company.  how've you been?
@janiecwales ooooooowwwwwwwwww who left those pins there? 
@janiecwales you're not alone, they're back bugging me too 
@janielalonde it hasnt started here yet. im scared 
@janiepops hmm yeah, i think the site is down right now 
@janiesmile The epilogue made me kinda hate the whole series. But I still love it. I don't think they're be another Harry Potter book. 
@janievix It's no bueno.  The worst part is not getting any warning and dealing with the withdrawal. Oh well, we shall overcome!
@janilynn HAHAHAHAHA! have you started it?! lmfao yeah i know.. im getting my mom to buy the CD, but i gotta buy the book  tear tear
@janilynn it's so sad! i know that there's probably so much more in edmonton but i neeeeeeeeeed to buy something!  lmao
@janinaz Heh - of course not. The arcade games industry is dead. (Used to work for one of the holdouts, Midway - they're now dead too  )
@janinaz no! you can't be sick  you're supposed to be at Lollipop in SF on the 26th.. please get well soon &lt;3 &lt;3
@janinaz What happened? 
@Janine_Abaud yea ...im not happy about it and it seems like they r both willing to give it another try .. 
@janine_j9 @abigaeLettuce @mia_queen  My Myspace is very lonely. It's about to cry  see for yourself...lol
@janine_j9 Awww. You you listened to the song? Isn't it heart-wrenching? Lol 
@janine_j9 haha yeah? xD can we go somewhere close? i'm low on gas money. 
@janine_j9 I am not dissin on them 
@janine_j9 You're not staying up with me tonight? 
@JanineCasas oh dear! aww that's so sad! dili ma enjoy ang vacation.  awww... i don't wanna go back to school na pud! this monday na!! (
@janinehrtsnkotb a little after you guys did, we gave up on JK 
@janinehrtsnkotb hopefully they can't tell. It was just the hub cap and they weren't in the car so I rushed in  wah, I'm nervous...
@janinehrtsnkotb i wanted some lol 
@janineshepherd Hi AJnie. HowÂ´s it going down under. IÂ¨m getting bitten 2 death here in the Carribean 
@JaniniLangoe omg. tai and anberlin are touring together. but in australia! 
@Janit exactly the opposite. i need to eat, but it's almost 5 in the morning and i need my sleep more  ughhh
@janjan1979 no   i am currently down to just gong.  do you have any room at your place for melb?
@janjan1979 tried 2 call u yesterday bout 3ish. Was sad u werent home. 
@jankaitn thank you for the tip...your poor hubbie it must be tough working outside in that heat, i dont envy him 
@jankuzniak Awww, that's too bad  Maybe this will show you where to go in this situation - http://yfrog.com/66wowscrnshot050909013450j.
@Janky_Watkins im leaving tuesday so i wont even see you  very sad face  lol
@janliz Where you have put your account name/password in to needfollowers.. they are using your account to spam 
@Jannabee that's too bad   Did you have to stay home from work?
@JannaMcDermott Global? haha i am never up for morning news anymore @ work 
@jannapha  I just wanted it to be clear and no confusion.
@jannarden How long are you staying there? Love the tree picture! Wish I was there 
@jannarden http://twitpic.com/7haoh - Yup, that would be mastitis ... brutally painful for both woman and beast 
@JANNASEVERSON WHAT'S THE URL 2 UR MYSPACE...I HAVE 2 MANY FRIENDS AND THEY DON'T EVEN HAVE THE SEARCH FRIENDS ANYMORE 
@janni518  yes and I had to tell the story of what happened countless times *g*  today however i'm ABSOLUTELY shattered 
@janniechin haha I didn't eat it yet  &quot;never viet house&quot; hahaha
@JanniiMaus I want too 
@jannikaj Yeah, I know!  I'm just not comfortable - a songfic challenge? Sounds like she's indulging herself, not helping ppl be creative
@JannJones it was a weak attempt at replicating Sir Waid's hydrocephalic Batman.. I ended up drawing my normal version 
@jannypie morning love bug. Another sleepless night? 
@janole I am still using the old 1.20 build of the facebook beta  Where can I get the new build with profile preview too?
@janole waiting for facebook 
@janoxide dude WHY. I want mp3s. 
@janportfolio I have my colleagues do very advanced air apps.. but they won't be available for freelance works. 
@JanSan24 Yup. You're leaving tomorrow diba? 
@JanSimpson absolutely! What a horrid statement to make? He made the rounds insulting minorities and did not spare the children 
@JanSimpson I'm seeing a lot of that too! 
@jansmith trouble is I have no phone  &amp; my hubby is traveling in NZ for next two weeks with kids - so we will both be out of contact
@Jantunstill i have done my job at the pool, first round delivered, just one more to go .. but i want to sit in the garden 
@Jantunstill no joy!! not even one number!  grrrrrrrrrr
@Januaryelle -Farmers markets always close around 1 or 2. Early risers...Ours ends at 1pm.  Sorry you missed it. 
@Januaryelle I'm with you on the nap. Spouse up early today and woke me up too.   but kids get out in a few then I'm out on the town 2nite
@Janusxuk You can try! I think he got it going with a hairdrier last time 
@JANYSEBABEE Aww man u a magic fan 
@jaodesheyqe Didn't Kayla tell you?  I'm out of texts until Friday.  
@Jaoibh Actually, custard :p Scones give me heartburn for some reason - sucks cause I love them 
@jaonyourmind @CaressLepore &quot;You couldn't shoot your way out of a paper bag.&quot;  One day, you may have to, but plastic.  
@jaonyourmind I'd have to rock w/ Teddy Ruxpin.  That bitch likes shopping.  Gremlin likes top hats &amp; has streaks in his locs.  
@jaonyourmind ooops can't repeat everything u read LOL , my fault  ..... *Goes to corner *
@JAPANMI I really had no idea  we're always last to know ..
@Japiro I can't dind my picture 
@japmacs my god you were not kidding with the change in battery life on iPhone OS 3.0, I lost 80% battery life overnight!!! 
@japmap2009 thanks for the tips I will try that as far as pen and paper writing for some reason doesnt work for me 
@Jaquesk3 ah because he believes people don't want to hear him sing   So I'm wishing Walt Disney will sell out but there are still tixs 
@jaquiinewland OMG I havent thrown up soo much in my life! Im embarrassed at how loud and stupid I was! 
@Jaquline It has been a hellish couple of weeks... so besides work and my next cell phone I have nothing. 
@jar9284 I did?! Apologies if I did 
@jardinjaponais  Sorry to hear that! At moments like that I don't miss living under the roof. ;)
@jardinjaponais *hugs* I hope your day gets better. Cell phone providers are made of suck 
@Jared_ nvmd lol.. just realised you're in hospo from hayden's tweet.. soz i lonered you 
@Jared_ yup yup  lammmee
@Jared_Booth I haven't been keeping up with your sagas. What's happened? 
@Jared_Leone nope....it's open. 
@Jared_V  that's not nice what if I meet you 1/2 way  http://myloc.me/12Vl
@jaredandersen82 that didn't happen for me 
@jaredandrew Oh, and Company was closed  Next time!
@jaredbowser you're moving? 
@jaredcarrasco because you won't let me 
@JaredCross I thought it was a major letdown!  It is really complicating. Ha.
@JaredCurlz I don't have a choice. I need a job and I have to keep checking my applications. 
@JaredEng could you post something about kristen bell's latest appearance please? i can't find pics anywhere 
@jaredeng who was it? i would love to know. i did a facial recognition thing and it found no one. 
@jaredgolberg i saw that depeche mode clip, but they're lip-syncing 
@jaredhaha lol I know huh I ran out of papers 
@jaredhead Shame but Murray doesn't do the live stuff 
@jaredleto http://twitpic.com/3l2sb - it's very dark .... but where are you ? 
@jaredleto Someone get to understand what they are writing there? On kyte? 
@jaredleto What's it? 
@jaredlunde it would be magic. sheer poetry. aside from medicine, i try either hot or cold compresses. 
@jarekpastor http://twitpic.com/6s8p8 - Aww poor doggy..  looks like the dog is asking for something and no one cares for her/him 
@jarekpastor I went to go look that up, it does look good! but I don't get G4 
@jarekpastor I'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages 
@jarekpastor Uggggh it's horrible 
@jaresty I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@jaret2113 You shouldn't be afraid of mice, they're so cute 
@Jarge59 Pats, Willies and the Lodge lad lol Nope and nope  hw boring am i! Saw mr kinsella out tho.. he was a tad tipsy!
@jarmon I'm SO TERRIFIED of doing that.  
@jarmstrong73 ughhh i wish i had a tv 
@jarnmang  Hope everything ok! Can burr fix this?
@jarodvhale whattttttttttt next year.. omg i can't wait til next year.. 
@jarofclay73 I was kind of hoping for an early release. 
@jarolcack you suck! i wanna feed ducks and walk around culzean  lol
@jaronj I thought you were following Hanna now? I can't remember her username and I can't find her in your following list. 
@jarred_ wish I could!! I'll be stuck at the barn all day tho 
@jarred0627 does that mean we're over? 
@jarrodkennedy so sad.. i really love tiny  she was a great jumper
@jarrodsgirl what? 
@jarrodwilliams uni is tied to certain suppliers, so unfortunately that's not an option  I did suggest some (*50) pro towers #notlikely
@jarsofclay anymore left, I wanted to buy one, but had wedding expenses 
@JarsofClayfan Oh no! That's too bad. 
@Jasara do you have vista? Mine isn't working eithe  lemme kno if u find a solution
@jasdmeyer but the hawks play tonight!! 
@Jase88 I would have come last night too, but I can't even get out of bed  Have a good time!
@Jase88 yes. 
@jasenwoodworth No, I'm not. It's not like I imagined. Only 2 more months to go. 
@jash001 but i need about another 200 pages  and i'm sniggering away, oh how I laugh...ha ha ha! ;)
@JasHale Awwh  where is Alice?
@jashyard hahaha, of course lol, u better not ask wat happened last night lol  but it all comes to an end with monday 
@jasicles mother wont let me 
@jasimmo Actually ill. Stomach is doin a stellar impression of an olympic gymnast  i work in an opticians n looks like no1s turnin up 2day
@jasitd  i know.....    thats the view from this side of the road.... from over by the creek.... CRAZY eh?
@Jasiurl YAEH! THANK GOD IM HOME!...it suekd and we were kicked out of a church. 
@jaskamarie those are sold out too!! subt put them on sale early i checked today 
@jasminanguyen OH MANN I WISH I SAW THIS EARLIER!  I stuffed up so badly in my SAC today!
@jasmine_dani welll i woullddda choosen AG but hellur you called dibbs 
@Jasmine_iSING WHY THE 
@jasmine_pie jazzyyyyyy! i miss you  xox
@Jasmine1993   i have not left my house or my bed in fact for 6 days! is that not punshiment enough
@JasmineAria aww I hope u are okay.. 
@JasmineDarkly Yuck.  That's the easy way out.  Can't stand it when people don't make an effort to try to understand.  
@jasmineemui, why are yu not on dailybooth  ?
@jasminekawa why are you annoyed? 
@JasmineKnown ::pulls you onto my lap:: trying?  darn
@JasmineKnown so he's really not in it no more?? 
@jasminelaurenxo i couldn't see you!  did you go just with your mum?
@JasmineMcGregor But my leg is numb  I'm freaking out...
@JasmineMcGregor I'm going to try and go soon. I just don't want diabetes with needles or to loose a leg   
@JasmineMcGregor I've been having probs with Twitter all day  I'm trying to make a new account (for my cat, ha) and its being STUPID!!!
@JasmineMcGregor Oh my goodness! That is crazy! Thank god for photoshop though, right? That stinks though! 
@JasmineNicoleee Yo no tengo Photoshop. I wish i did tho ive been wanting to make a banner thing. 
@Jasminexoxo Can u do me a favour pls, can u look up return prices 4 LDN on 29/6/09 because it doesn't work for me  i can only get singles
@jasminlille @AliasMrJones Flip's tech support ran me in circles all day - ended up back where I started.  I gave up...product failed 
@jasminlovesyou sure! we can be friends... what's stupid? Friendster? B'cuz of HCG! My app won't work... 
@jasminxx yes he did. 
@Jasmonique  I knowwwww. grr ! Ill work on it 2night. Honest! lol
@Jasmonique Tamera's show got cancelled!  it was mad funny
@jasmyn_e babe i tried texting you, no answer yet  
@jasmyne7575 why babeee? 
@JasmynElizabeth I jus saw it.. lol.. you know my phone still actin silly.. Sad face 
@jasohill what?!?  well there is no accounting for taste...I should go see it again soon, will probably be gone by next week... 
@jason_2008 Morning!! Looks bright here too..sunny at the mo..dunno for how long though!  Lycra dance sounds good!! lol
@jason_christ miss you guys 
@jason_cls i just sent you a direct msg. i don't know how this works. 
@jason_foss I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@Jason_Inc Sounds good. I still like Fridays although it means for me that I have to go to work tomarrow 
@jason_lightner I miss VA Tech 
@Jason_Manford done it! Now want to go blackpool 
@Jason_Manford guess its too late then  haha
@Jason_Manford how caring of him ,whats wrong with some people always thinking of themselves 
I feel much better today. I'm still stressed out though; just because of yesterday. I'm so tense. I have to get ready for soccer. 
I feel much better... still haven't seen @MadelynReynolds yet though! 
i feel my nose become plugg, noo i dont want to wake up with a stuffy nose 
I feel nauseated  Chantix is brutal !!!!!!!!!
I feel nauseous and I don't know why. Ew. 
I feel nautious! 
I feel negelected and unwanted. He doesn't even know I exist 
I FEEL NEGLECTED  SOMEBODY JUST LOVE ME PLEASE
I feel nekkid cuz my phone died 
I feel nervous but have no idea why 
I feel old  not yet graduated....
I feel old for some reason 
I feel out of place without playing with my bandmates  http://myloc.me/4Pr5
I feel perverted Johanna is making me send her naked pictures 
I feel pretty lousy. I may be done for the day already, despite a ridiculously late start. 
I feel quite fat today FFS 
I feel rather poorly 
I feel really bad - cause I accidently hit my cat with my flip-flops - I feel so angry with myself - I'm sorry Jess - I didn't mean to 
i feel really bad ....left my dog outside all night from 1:30 to 5:00 am......shit my bad 
I feel really bad and i wish i could just make everything better.   watching Benjamin button.
I feel really BAD! 
i feel really bad. i i should have stayed. 
I feel really bad. Ive spent no time with my family tonight. 
i feel really bad... turns out that i some how manage to delete all her photos on her camera from when she went ti aussie for her 21st! 
i feel really blehhhh! 
i feel really guilty 
I feel really ill all of a sudden! 
i feel really ill and am not loking forward to going into school at lunch 
I feel really ill, 
i feel really ill..not happy when its so nice outside 
i feel really paranoid today. about everything. not good 
i feel really rather ill, shame really i dont have time for a nap 
I feel really really sick, out of this world sick! 
I feel really shit and old anxieties are reappearing 
i feel really shitty today 
I feel really sick  tequila dont like me!
I feel really sick and I don't know why 
I feel really sick but I know that I wont be, not because I dont want to, but the fact my body just wants to screw with me. lol. 
I feel really sick right now....I'm freezing and achey and just don't feel too terribly good 
i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml.
I feel really sleepy right now, but I just can't go to sleep cause if I do, I'd be sleeping all the way till 7p.m. 
I feel really sorry for Holly Steel... 
I feel really sorry for that Andy guy that was just on Derren Brown -- Ive lost my sight before, it scared the shit out of me too 
I feel relaxed, for the first time in a long time.  I should do though, chemistry exam on Wednesday 
i feel restless and i think i'm going to be sick 
I feel retarded for getting on a shuttle that doesn't go to simmons only because I wanted to go to simmons 
i feel ridiculous. and i'm blaming you.  WHY HJSDKFSDHFJSD
I feel rubbish but can't tell if it's bad hay fever or a cold  I guess I'll tag team the tablets and see which works.
I feel sad about the crashed Air France flight  This is why I HAAAATE to fly!!!
I feel sad and i dont no why I just want to go to sleep... wake up happier 
I FEEL SAD CAUSE I LOVE SOMEONE WHO DON`T LOVE ME..... I SO SAD 
I feel sad for my mom. Tomorrow is her first mothers day without my nana. 
i feel sad for some reason.. i can't put my finger on it, but i'm sad and i want someone to talk to 
I feel sad just thinking I must wake up at 6am tomorrow 
I feel sad that we will never see this classic character on television ever again.  http://snipr.com/j8psi
I feel sad today... but I don't really know why... 
i feel sad today...and i don't know why. I just want to feel happy again 
i feel shit today, i wanna go home! 
I feel shitttyyyy. My bestfriend is moving and i'm partially to blame. 
i feel shitty 
I feel Shitty  im hot and allergies are the worst. Fml.
I feel shitty but not hungover. I fucking hope I'll be able to go to Neptunes tonight. I probably won't be able to, but I'll still try 
i feel sick   but there is fun to be had tonite &lt;3
I feel sick  and have a 3 hour drive this afternoon!!!! I really hope i fell better by then! ((((
I feel sick  and p.e. Sucks.
i feel sick  going to walmart tho so should be pretty  okay in a min.
I feel sick  i want to barf. Fucking p.e
i feel sick  kind of feverish 
i feel sick  too much icecream
i feel sick again 
I feel sick and fat now. 
I feel sick and I could do with going back to bed.  #fb
I feel sick and I'm very tired 
I feel sick and my entire body just... hurts. 
I feel sick and tired  All I wanna do is sit outside in the sun all day with my laptop.
I feel sick I feel sick I feel sick I'm not ready I'm nervous waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  
I feel sick im going to sleep 
I feel sick my allergies smh who wants to take care of me 
i feel sick now 
i feel sick now. 
I feel sick this morning, may have eaten yesterday wrong 
I feel sick to my guts 
I feel sick to my stomach... and I don't think there's any hope of it being resolved any time soon... 
i feel sick today 
I feel sick today. 
I feel sick, because I ate too much chocolate.  
I feel sick, my throat hurts and Im all by myself  times like this its when I miss sugar in my life
I feel sick.  Hopefully I will wake up from a nap and be back to 100%.
I feel sick. Fatigued. Chills. Body aches. Headache.  I want a nap...
I feel sick. I hope I'm not infected with the A(H1N1) Virus. Oh noes! 
i feel sick. i think i didn't cook my lunch right :| and i don't wanna go to workkkk. boooo 
I feel sick. I'm shaky and mildly queasy. Tiny headache. Stuffy nose. Watery eyes. Low fever last night. And here I am, writing an essay. 
I feel sick. No reason. 
I feel sick. Really really sick....... 
i feel sick..  like dehydrated, light headed, &amp; all.. all bad...
I feel sick... And I feel all gross from the hot weather... I need a nice cold shower and sleep. But I have a paper to write 
i feel sick... not good 
I Feel sick...idk what's up with my eyes, head and sinuses!!  I hope its not another sinus infection!!!!!!! 
i feel sick...that party wasnt very fun...too many hyper 7th graders...ugh i need someone to cheer me up please!!! 
i feel sick.and dizzy.the road.traffic.cars.people.aahh.headache 
I feel sickkk  sleepy. Working tomorrow wed and thurs early! Yawn 
I feel sleeeeepy n find it hard to sit in front of PC screen the whole day in the office... 
I feel sleepy. But I still need to read  Ohwell, good night for now 
i feel so  rough and i have an english GCSE tomoz 
i feel so accomplished pullin an all-nighter cause i havent since a couple years ago. im lame, i know 
I feel so bad 4 my dad...His really good friend died and the worst thing is that he apparently killed himself  My dad is really depressed.
i feel so bad about not going.. to the con.. 
I feel so bad Celtics are out 
i feel so bad for ditching andiee. 
I feel so bad for him 
I feel so bad for my cat  She's been waiting at the door for 6 hours for her kitten to come back, but we gave it away...
I feel so bad for my kitty  I just want him to feel better
I feel so bad for the guy who jumped off the E19 building near school... 
I feel so bad for toddlers whose ears pop when they fly. Today a little boy was cradling his ears and crying, &quot;Daddy, ouch, ouchie.&quot; 
I think i am getting sick  tired of all the politics, brutality, lies, hypocrisy. I am signing off for now sorry  #IranElection #Neda
I think I am getting sick again 
I think I am getting sick! @jjarrel1 could you take me home to rest 
I think i am getting sick.  
i think i am giong to die. working two jobs and being sick is hella lame. 
I think I am going to throw up 
I think I am gonna go back to bed and try to wake up again..maybe i will feel better 
I think I am like, spamming twitter now? Ahaha my followers will find me annoying and stop following me! and that's sad 
I think I am possibly melting. 
I think I am sad E3's over now, but quite relived, no more assets to come, even though there is still some I need to do 
I Think I Am So In Love...&lt;3 If Only Age Was Just A Number Damnit;;;  He Is So Sweet He Makes Me So Happy God WTF?
I think I am starting to loose my voice. 
I think I am the only one here who is a mom? yeah so I can't get to that many shows!  I got both Cooks this month and thats a miracle!
i think I am the only one in America not in line for the iPhone today   maybe they will ship me one cause they feel sorry for me? #Apple
I think I am the only person who is enjoying today's brain based learning lecture... that is fine.  I'm used to being weird ha! Thirsty 
I think I ate a little too much. I'm gonna explode. 
I think I ate half a pizza last night  There goes the jogging i did. A little too tipsy btw.
i think i ate more then i should have.. full and sleepy  #fb
I think I ate some bad chips. I KNOW I ate chips but i think they were bad 
I think I ate some bad sushi 
I think I ate something yesterday that did not agree with my tummy  Oh well, off to the concert soon...in the rain lol
I think I ate too much peanut butter. 
I think i ate toooo much fod tonight  feel so sick
I think I be on twitter at the wrong time lol I swear it be mad people up late when I'm sleep but now that I'm up no1s on  blah
I think I broke my Chrome. 
I think I broke my foot playing soccer last night, then had one too many beers and couldn't tell until right now 
i think i broke my heart that bastard drunk my milkshake he drunk it up 
i think i broke my little toe 
i think i broke my retainer 
I think I broke my tow a month again and now it won't bend.. Is that possible? 
I think I broke my tummy 
i think i broke my ubertwitter 
I think i broke the radio in my truck  cds work though. This sucks.
I think I broke twitter signing up 
I think I bruised my feet--both of them--on the side of the heels.  Not sure what talented stunt I did to manage that... 
I slept bad now my neck hurts  
I slept entirely too long on my nap, but not long enough at the same time. 
I slept for 12 hours last night and im still tired      guess thats life in the big city !
i slept for 15 hours :S 3 days till all time low!!! im so excited!!the western bulldogs are owning the swans 
i slept for almost 12 hours. i still feel like shit 
i slept for too long last night. my head aches now 
I slept from 4am until 7pm. I think I'm coming down with something. My throat is clogged and my ears are all gunked up 
i slept from 9pm-6:20am my body so needed it now rushing to get my photo printed and to get to class at 8am 
I slept funny  I wonder if I sleep funny again tonight if my neck'll reset itself?  Shout out to my friend Cherese, its her birthday today
I slept in and missed my little bro's football game 
I slept late, being sick is the only reason i ever sleep this late 
i slept like 4 hours last night  i need more sleep.
I slept like a baby, didn't hear a thing! Storm damages  #AnkenyLife #Storm http://twitpic.com/7panz
I slept like a log. Think I'm falling sickkkk 
I slept pretty heavy last night. Morning all. The weather has taken a turn for the worse .. rain for the first time this week 
I slept the worst EVER last night. iz going to be exaughisted at work today 
I slept through my alarm. 
I slept through the DC game last night. 
I slept too long. My back and neck hurt 
I slept very very well.this day is gonna be very very...dont have the right word...  only learning learning,learning, when will this end!!
i sliced my lito toe 
I sliced my thumb pretty bad today... but I don't have any spare bandages for work tomorrow 
I slipped and fell so hard on the tile floor at work, I think I broke my butt. Ouchhhh 
I smashed my finger 
i smell dinner .. all ive had today is coco pops 
I smell food ... It's too late to eat but smells amazing 
I smell like a baby prostitute!  ugh
I smell like bonfire which I love minus the marshmellow melted on my boot  suggestions??
I smell like gasoline thanks to Irving's faulty shut off switch on their gas pump. My poor Jessica Simpson wedges 
I smell like sex from being in the car all day. 
@Jason_Manford Nooooooo!!!  Bring back the goggles! Otherwise the pollen will be after your eyes! ;-)  Besides, they cheered me up. 
@Jason_Manford oh, i'm so sorry, i didn't know  hope you're well x
@jason_manford Stephen Fry is off to Ballet Russe and I'm off to bed   #Me&amp;Fry
@Jason_Manford thank you!! thought we were going to lose it 
@Jason_McIntyre with heels. ;) hope I won't have to wait too long 
@jason_mraz lyrics are about to help me through another ordeal 
@jason_mraz Ok i think i did it again  Sick stomach. Luv ur music since NY min. Luvr not HATER. Not Stalker. Fan yet not CRAZY FANtype
@jason_mraz so sad I got to Indie today at 3:00, moments after your secret show ended 
I feel so bad i cant make it to the hookah lounge tonight. 
I feel so bad that I didn't go to the No Doubt gig tonight  the tickets were WAY too expensive  and my friend calling from there was ugh
i feel so bad that i hurt him, but i just can't be with him 
I feel so bad today 
i feel so bad today  going to be ill? wahhh -.-
I feel so bad... I'm not guilty 
I feel so bad.........  Unhappy thing to do soon.........ugh!!! Can someone else do it for me?
i feel so bad..i m losing my bestfriend? i hope no 
I feel so becok today. I don't know why but i pity @fallagain for entertaining my question the whole day. So sorrry ! 
I feel so bloated right now.  
I feel so bored ! Ooohh give me a wonderful things.. 
i feel so bored, i need a new profilephoto, but i feel sick, my throat hurts, 
i feel so cut off from the rest of the world. no internet, no leaving the house and now my twitter updates are cut off from my phone 
I feel so dead, crappy hayfever. And to top it all off, I have 4 of the biggest bites ever on my legs 
I feel so deflated. No more doggy. 
i feel SO depressed. help 
I feel so disappointeddddddddddddddddddddd. 
I feel so disconected from everybody today!I'm so bored, what is everybody doing with their lives?! 
I feel so disgusting 
i feel so empty without my fone!!!! 
I feel so far away from everyone! 
I feel so fat and ugly today. 
i feel so fat. what a rotten day this is turning out to be! 
I feel so fecking ill but i cant sleep cos i slept the day away today, i literally woke up at 8.30pm 
i feel so gross 
i feel so gross why does my mom have to be so weird about noise! going to bed school tomorrow...wish i knew what he was thinking 
I feel so helpless without my iPhone.   Damn me forgetting it!
I feel so HUGE and still have 12 weeks to go.. I've seen teletubbies that are skinnier than me!!! 
I feel so hurt !!!! 
I feel so ill   My throat hurts .
i feel so ill  argh
i feel so ill @ work. this always happens after the AC has been blowing all day!  i may cry
i feel so ill and ive got exams for the rest of the week 
i feel so itchy.. 
I feel so jipped after watching idol Wednesday.  Boo!! Kris 
i feel so lame just here in the house. all my friends are with significant other or out of town 
i feel so lazy to study anymore. why must i learn the differences between materials! and why all the calculations?! LOL! I'm one lazy kid 
I smell of chicken poo but can't find any on me 
I snapped my acoustic's high E 
i sneezed all over my keyboard 
I sneezed and I bit my lower lip. How funny can it be 
I sneezed like, 30+ times last night... even while I was asleep. Worst night of sleep ever. 
I so am not looking forward to working tomorrow  I think ima play some Dead Space insted of freaking my self out watching the History TBC
I so badly wanna watch i love you, man, ghost of girlfriend's past, dance subaru, pelham 123 
I so boored.  Why is summer torturing so much!  It's my b-day 2morrow! ^.^
I so bored.....cant wait for October I am going to have an awesome time!!  Not only am I bored I cant go to sleep 
I so can't wait for the beach, Austin, Houston, B-DAY, Vegas... but I can wait for school. 
I so damn miss the mirotic era. 
i so do not enjoy tweeple i follow that fill my timeline with spam... 
I so do not want to get up and exercise.  am knackered
i so don't know what do say tomorrow...  help me!! who knows a lot about instruments?!
I so dont test well argh!  #fb
I so don't wanna go outside, I don't have anything to do there  Maybe I will write later...
i so dont want to go to work 2morrow  i need to be a trooper
I so forgot this eppisode of degrassi i thinj im gona cry it reminds me do much of my life  ggrr depression &lt;Cup*of*tea:]&gt;
I so just forgot what I was gonna twitter 
i so mad gonzalez is not in the finals of the french open 
I SO need caffeine right now, but I can't have any.    Dammit.  I hate mornings.
I so need sleep, random catch up with my cousin. Loved it! But work in 6 hours sounds hideous 
i so refused to watch the girl nada dying in this awfull video which is going around and now the showed the whole thing in the news 
I SO should've gone right now!!! *wish I could alter time!!  *
i so sorry my english is very poooorrr   
i so wanna have some chocolate butterscotch ice creams with nuts and stuffs in it, now now now 
I so want an A5   http://twitpic.com/5f3sv
i so want an iphone but only if i had the money hmmm 
I so want to adopt a Frenchie, but I would be single  
I so want to be a part of Windows Clubhouse, but my WL Spaces blog is random, and not the place where I share Windows stuff 
I feel so left out of the Parade functions. 
I feel so lifeless when I go to work. 
I feel so lonely I need a boyfriend 
I feel so lonely I need a boyfriend  http://twurl.nl/l6wc3n
I feel so lonely today. 
i feel so lonely...i don't have many followers  buts its all good! lol
i feel so lost without my Versa... 
I feel so naked without my watch!!! 
I feel so nauseated. I need to do something with my life. I've gotten used to doing nothing 
I feel so out of it. I dunno why. We got training canceled again...we're gonna be back on the phones. It's gonna be one of those days!!! 
I feel so relieved that Liane's safe. She is indeed one lucky girl. But I still feel so sad for her loss  She doesn't deserve that..
I feel so shiat about this psychology 
i feel so sick  but i just heard some new simon joyner and it is b e a utiful
i feel so sick  studying for exams and want to go throw up.. shit day
I feel so sick right now oh no 
I feel so sick this morning   Rita said she wouldn't be able to find anyone to replace me though, so, I guess I'll tough it out.
i feel so sick.  this is horrible
I feel so sick. I just wanna dieeeeee. 
i feel so sick. this sucks. 
I feel so sick. Though I have chills, I'm burning up. My head feels like its on fire. Everything on my head hurts. Too painful to sleep. 
i feel so sorry for one of my friends. i've known her 15yrs and she is one of the awesomest girls EVER but nobody ever seems to like her 
i feel so stupid dude.. where is thayna when i need her  i miss so much her
I feel so stupid in creative writing. I need to blog but can't. Bath time.  
i feel so throw uppy 
I feel so tired and down .... I hate allergic coryza 
I FEEL SO TIRED BUT I CAN'T SLEEP 
I feel so tired from the meds... I don't wanna go to work but I have to 
I feel so tired, but it's already morning here, and my dad always wakes me to do those stupid newspapers 
I feel so unloved, I only have two followers on twitter.  #twitter, #tweet, #followers, #popularity, #followers
i feel so unsociable, i haven't been out like all weekend 
I think I bust me back 
i think i can actualy hear my head pounding!  i hate feeling sick.
i think i can do almost-zero sodium diet... but how can you do a zero-sodium diet &amp; zero-sugar diet? no fruits? 
i think i caught a fever 
I think I caught my mom's flu, kepala sudah agak pening gak jelas gini  hmmm I think its time to take the vitamine
I think I combusted today and may have injured an almost innocent bystander. The muppet should have moved. Feel a tad guilty though. 
I think I destroyed a tonsil yelling this song. Ow my throat 
I think I did something wrong 
i think i did to much today, im so sore. i felt like i pop'd one of my stiches!   
i think i died alittle in the panic. man, i get my cool glasses fixed, i look ridiculas (in a bad way) in my black ones 
I think I dl'd most of the modules needed.  Time for some gaming to distract me from tender boobage. Oww. 
I think i drank too much soda... 
I think I failed the History test.. 
I think i feel an anxiety attack coming on. Fuck 
i think i fell in love with the most gorgeous boy God created! then....THE BUS WENT OUT THE OTHER ENTRANCE!!! i didnt get to say goodbye 
I think I forgot how to shoot with natural light. It's been so long since I've even shot outside 
i think i forgot to brush my teeth in the morning today ! 
I think I forgot to eat dinner...hate when that happens! 
I think I found Kevin's stressed-out eye twitch.   He can have it back now.
I think I found the problem: Thunderbird 3 Beta. 
I think I got addicted to Chili Cheese Burgers 
I think I got bit by a bug on my face 
I think I got bit by something 
I think I got food poisoning 
i think i got mac and cheese up my nose 
I think I got sun poisoning today. I'm not feeling too shabby. 
I think i got swine flu at the rally sunday night 
I think I gotta go now...sleep a little...'cause I got a bad cold 
i think i gotta make a new twitter account cuz my &quot;sojufied&quot; one is seriously all fucked up 
I so want to go home - I am really feeling Friday today  - I am sick of carting my stick everywhere 
I SO want to go to the MTV movie awards on Sunday but sadly,i can't.  im filming once again.and the twilight cast is gonna be there! 
i so want to go to the sway sway baby clip but i dont think my mummy will let me 
i so want to have a segway, but they are way to expensive for me  would be nice to get around town, because walking with asthma sucks...
I so want to write a new blog, but I can't 
I so wish I could go to Nerdapalooza, but who has the money for random travel these days?  Not this guy.  
i so wish i could make out with the BF right now...  i miss him so very much... 
I so wish I didn't have to be up right now. So sweepy 
I so wish i was at Wango Tango.  http://tinyurl.com/pw5ngr
I so wish I was going to see mcfly on tour  http://tinyurl.com/dmvcpm
I so wish I were going to #SMX Advanced.    #jealous #pissedoff #leftout  #whining (via @SEOAly)
I so wish I would have remembered that tonight was the premiere of &quot;I'm a celebrity, get me out of here!&quot;  - where can I go to see it???
i so wish that jobros tickets were easy to get 
I sold a broken iPod to a 9 year old kid for 20$, I'm a very bad person 
i sold my ps2 for $110 i should have sold it for more disapointed now. 
I some how fell asleep at 8 yesterday on my couch, i'm disappointed with myself 
I somehow thought working out with my sinus infection would make it feel better, get stuff moving.  I was wrong. I feel worse. 
I sometimes curse the fact that I have a 24Hr M&amp;S food shop 100m from my door. Resisting temptation at 4am isn't one of my strong ponts 
i soo failed finals?  maybe, but it seemed pretty easy actuallyy.
I' soo sentimental right now, tears are running down my cheek when I'm listening to beautiful music  hihi
I soo wanna eat McDonalds Fries 
I sooo dnt like thunderstorms. 
I sooo freaking excited to hang out with my uni girls all Summer long! I missed my Jenny Penny  &lt;3
i sooo need my bed but its only 4.55pm 
i sooo wanna be working at st. jude 
i sooo wish i woulda bought my camera to the roots concert  i woulda had DOPEEE shots!  damnit man!!
I soooo don't wanna get up  but I get to see my BF Dr. G this morning so that's ohhhhhkkkaayy
i soooo dont want to go to work. oh my god 
i soooo hate the rain  
I SOOOO HATED BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!..
i soooo want to get a Nikon D 90  damn y do they cost soooo much!
I Think I Had A Minor Case Of Food Poisoning.. It Wasn't good..   And Now I Just Have A Cold.. Ugh; Xx
i think i had something resembling a small panic attack in the middle of the night. me, who doesn't do panicking. errr 
I think I hate Harry Potter because it outshines much better reading material out there and the movies are just plain stupid to begin with.
I think I hate twitter I just dnt get it 
I think I have a cold  stupid winter!!!
I think I have a cold, oh no 
I think I have a fever! 
I think I have a fever. I always get sick when I come to Vegas 
I think I have a sand cluster in my eye.  http://twitpic.com/6vnpm
I think I have a sinus infection 
i think i have a spiderrr biteeee 
i think i have a wide tongue. everytime i sneeze it gets hurt 
I think I have an ear infection. Pooey  Looking forward to the weekend however.
i think i have arthritis    is it even possible for a 16 year old to get arthritis???
I think I have bruised ribs, cause the minute I lay on my stomach or side my ribs and sternum hurt, to the point where I can't breathe!!! 
I think I have contracted H1N1.. 
i think i have cough problems because ive been coughing like a cold cough since end of april 
I think I have flu  boo, flu, boo!
I think I have got a cold now  battled against it for too long!
i think i have issues with trying to FALL ASLEEP!!!!!! 
I think I have Makenzie's sickness 
i think i have mono 
i think i have my own black cloud today. 
I think I have pink eye 
I think I have reverse tourettes. People keep swearing at me 
I think i have strep 
i think i have strep throat 
I think I have strep.  I think I will be looking for a new job by the end of the week. Srsly. If I were my boss I'd reconsider me.
i think i have sun stroke....oh no 
I think I have the flu. Or at least getting it. Was 5 hours in bed last night shivering and couldn't sleep 
I think I have the plague  Just stopped in to make sure Twitter is still alive and well.
i think i have the swine flu 
I think i have the worst road rage in the whole world. I'M NOT PLAYIN. everyone is so annoying. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK !!! 
I think I have to burry my dream to buy a tele 
i soooo wanted to be with you today... 
i sooooo wish i could be at the Lakers parade tomorrow!  will someone please give me a ride?
i sooooo wish i could be at the Lakers parade tomorrow!  will someone please give me a ride? http://twurl.nl/3upnus
I sort of wish it'd stop being sunny 
i sound like a man. I want this cold to go away 
I spend 4 days at a play my friends performed to help with make-up and costumes, I already miss it 
i spend too much time on the internet.. i need a break. 
I spent 12+ hrs yesterday working on my new website, exhausted, didn't even get to read the Sunday papers 
I spent 2 hours googling gout athritis because I think I have one on my foot...sore and painful! 
I spent 30mins waiting on a whistle dog combo and it wasn't that good 
I spent 6 hours prepping documents for a client today.  I think my eyeballs are gonna fall out.    #peterfacinelli
I spent a lot of hrs making a NKOTB shirt on the website. I can't wait 2 wear it! Ha! I don't like that other people may wear it 2.. 
i spent Â£15 on the game thing in the pub  they are so bloody adictive
I spent all week preparing for garage sale today and we only made $49! The recession has effected peoples $$ decisions down to the penny. 
I spent four hours theis morning @ the hospital,I hade a virus couldnt sleep since yesturday   http://twitpic.com/5oqdh
I spent my entire break at work on twitter... and no one is tweeting 
i spent my nite in the ER. I was bein nosy an a 4x4 fell on head.. it hurts alot!  
i spent the day drafting an email only to have it lost in a missconfigured mailbox. poop. 
i spent the last 2 hrs or so catching up on S2R videos from like december! funny how i completely forgot about em  they're so funny!
I spent the last few hours trying to find a way to get a beer/wine hydrometer shipped to Taiwan for less than $US45. I failed  #homebrew
I spent the whole morning practicing piano.  I now have to try and get through 40 terms for my history notes. -_-
I spent too much cash at harvey nichols today 
I think I have to get a second job 
I think I inhaled too many fumes today my chest hurts! 
I think I just ate an apple with a worm in it... awesome  See what I get for multitasking?
I think I just ate Nemo and possibly his sister...all I wanted was veggie sushi 
I think I just broke my pinky toe!  Oweee!
I think i just caught a cold 
I think I just caught the ending of underworld. Man. 
i think i just died a little and not only that BUT i deleted them from my camera too..... AHHHHHHH my heart hurts 
I think i just failed my chem final  i needed atleast a c
i think i just fried my shredder. 
I think I just heard one of my chicks trying to crow.  
I think i just ran over a mouse 
I think I just ruin my night 
i think i just wasted my money on buying nova. because i cant eat it properly 
I think I juz missed my last bus  .. Need to walk home sia - http://tweet.sg
I think i killed my big toe. 
I think I killed our Ipod.  It went through the wash, now just say's low battery although it has charged all night. Will not turn on 
I think I like tr.im more than Virl  for now as its shorter http://tr.im/j8IQ
I think i lost all my hope for survivors o flight 447 Air France 
I think I lost all of my blog posts 
I think I lost my buddy she knows who she is 
I think I lost my burts bees. That was almost a full stick, too 
I think i lost my favorite chapstick  i guess ill have to go buy new ones
I think I lost my favorite Express shirt 
I think I lost my ipod guys. I'm going insane. the things too small to lose 
I think I lost my voice 
I think I love @nathanfillion.... Oh no 
I think I love him... but I'm never going to tell him. 
I think I made a mistaking by not visiting @cjjc today. 
I feel so violated. And there is still more to come. 
i feel so weak 
I feel so worthless, I wish I never did the things I did 
I feel so...unproductive 
I feel some sad and bad 
i feel some type of way cause im not talkin to anyone... 
i feel soo mamona's now.  ate all my food from Shyloh's birthday party.... soo ono
I feel soo out of the twitter loop or twoop lol. I wish I had an app for my instinct 
i feel soo short 
i feel sooo cold. my allergies at acting up. 
i feel sooo rubbish!!!  Full of cold 
I feel sooo sick right now  damn  it! u.u
I feel sooo sick!  days off. saturday- friday  without internet
I feel soooooo sick.  I just wanna have fun! UGH! 405 606 5363
I feel sorry for male singers.  they are never gonna be as great Zac Hanson! Pooorr fellas
I feel sorry for my cat now, she's really exhausted.  And this isn't even the last of it, there's still one more in there. 4 currently out
I feel sorry for our neighbor, who is dying because of breast cancer... Her story is very bad.. 
I feel sorry for the bug i just squashed by accident SORRY BUG!! Bt it shudn't of been on my phone so it walked into death haha sorry 
i feel sorry for the hawks  they just got killed by the cavs
I feel stressed out. So many things to accomplish.  Breathe breathe...
I feel strong! Woke up in the wrong bed.  Quick somebody find Katy Perry to perform my theme song! 
I feel stuck. I told my friend to have a backup plan if I get a call about my resume. I did!!! Yay, but she didn't...boo 
i feel stupid. i went to the Quest Studio with my friend and i didn't get any of the moves...  shiit!!
i feel suck-ish.. 
i feel super sick 
I feel super-lazy.  I need to be more productive.  
I feel terrible  I hate pills. I hate (high) fever. My whole body is aching.  I need/want some comfort 
I feel terrible about what I said today 
I feel terrible and should not be in work 
I feel terrible. My throat hurts so bad and I could puke. 
I feel that I am bothering much 
I feel that i didn't do that great today. 
I feel that I'm so much behind taking care of my shops  Just don't have the energy for some reasons.
I feel that the deja vu is gonna present itself soon enough 
I feel that you are far away  friend, you don't know  but I think you are my other best friend 
i spill the limonade 
I spilled a whole white mocha frap. in my car.  fml
I spilled coffe all over my pants and shirt. Had to go change I am very clumsy today, I spilled it twice!  
i spilled honey all over me me  this sux, better hurry home b4 the bee's attack me!!!!! ek
i spilled my drink on my lap 
I spilled pineapple juice down my shirt. Now my tits are sticky. Cleavage fail 
i spilled some shampoo on my lip when i was showering and then i couldn't stop blowing bubbles 
i spilled water all over the seat and myself 
I spilt coffee down the front of my brand new white shirt 
I spoke too soon about breakfast. It is now trying to kill me  Plumbing FAIL.
I spoke too soon, a nasty thunderstorm just came out of nowhere..I got soaked making a quick run to the store!! 
I spoke too soon. Have stopped moving on the Bruce Highway. Must be a prang ahead 
I sprained my neck  but its getting better on the upside..
i sprained my thumb and it hurts 
I squandered my 2000th tweet 26 tweets ago. 
I squashed a bug thingy on my desk with my pencil and now my pencil stinks. Fuck my life. 
i srsly hate the stupid twitter API timeout thing, soooo annoying!!!!! :(
I stained my favourite tshirt! 
i stand corrected. there is something i hate more than a drunk.. &amp; that is a liar. so a drunk liar = an absolute HORRIBLE COMBO.. 
I start my internship at the hospital tomorrow morning... which means I have to take all my piercings out  sad
I started my day off by stepping into a big pile of doggie vomit next to my bed. I think my left foot is traumatized. 
I started tanning wayy too early this year. Tanlines are fading 
I started too late on the studying 
i started using mane and tail again i miss my hair so much  is jonesing to go to the book store......i need my book fix!
i starting to reminiscent about the good old secondary days...  thats probably because i MISS MY SECONDARY FRIENDS!!!!! I MISS THEM, I DO!
I staved my finger playing softball today  But thank god it was just at the end of the game!
I think I mailed an important letter without a stamp.  
I think I may be falling apart, or perhaps I just held my breath too long, but I actually fainted at the doctor's office today. 
I think I may be getting a little sick 
I think I may be going to twitterjail 
I think I may be lactose intolerant. 
I think I may be slowly dying 
I think I may be sun burnt... 
i think i may have an ulcer  im not feeling well at all...
I think i may have found my next apartment. Just one downfall.  
I think I may have infected myself again  Lesson number one: Throw out toothbrush!
i think i may have just lost a year's worth of pictures from the memory card in my phone.  i'll know more in the am, but omg.  gonna cry. 
I think I may have just lost my job... FML 
I think I may have just lost u and I regret it more than anything right now. 
I think I may have overdone it today. Nauseas and feel like utter crap 
i think i may have overdosed on orbit gum... 
I think I may have to brave the rain cos I fancy fish and chips but will have to go out to get them 
i think i may have to conform to society and get a day job for the next two months or so... 
I think I may just be grandmom tonight. 
I think I may need to leave sooner than I thought... I don't know how much more of this I can take. 
I think I may puke all over the docotor  I don't wanna go in... Heeeeelllllpppppp mmmeeeeeeeeeee please?? So so nervous..
I think I may take a break for a while and go on the sofa with my swollen leg and knee  I want to work but that's impossible today!
i think i might actually possibly be falling asleep 
i think i might be getting sick 
I think I might be getting sick. 
i think i might be getting sick. in the summer 
I think I might be getting sick. Summer colds are THE worst! 
I think I might be the only dude who hasn't seen the wire 
I think I might bring my duvet cover downstairs. I really am freezing 
I think I might cough up a lung in a minute. 
I think I might cry ... 
I think I might cry. The #apprentice dream is over for another year 
I think I might die from allergies 
I think i might die. I haven't twittered really today. 
i think i might go an buy some milk. seeings as i no longer have any  i also have to buy toilet paper. not cool.
i stay up way too late. gonna pay for it tomorrow. 
I stayed home and watched movies all day, fuckkkkk 
I stepped in dog crap when I went for my walk! 
i stepped on a needle today. 
I stepped on a tiny piece of glass and now my foot is bleeding and hurts like hell. 
i still aint wear my white foams 
i still am goin to do that but not til 735. i was gonna go to the gym at 3 but got a headache 
I still can believe the tickets were sold out in 15 mins  what do I do now?
i still cannot believe what that girl did to my covers (( and I offered her to do it myself. wtf. and she mentioned my name on them 
I still cann't vote on Mr twitter. The &quot;+&quot; doesn't appears  
I still can't believe gregg didn't get throught  he is a right fittie ;) x
i still cant believe i broke my phone 
I still can't believe I get a 3 week break for summer 
I still can't believe it 
I still can't believe Rafa lost!!!!!!!!!!!  i'm so upset 
I Still Can't believe the Attack! Attack! show was cancelled  And I have tonsilitus  (n)
i still can't believe the finale episode for Grey's Anatomy this season.. poor george  how can shonda do that to george?
I still cant believe this is it. After tonight its really over 
I still can't believe vegas last night.... But were are on the way to san fran now for a day and night, bye vegas 
I still can't figure out how to get a TypePad blog to generate tweets 
I still can't find a job 
I still can't find my Day 26 cd  *tears* *smdh*
I still can't find my phone, I NEED that phone, well not the phone the memory card in it!  
I still can't find the red pouch men.  grr. I'm really going back to Dumaguete tomorrow. I'm so not yet ready. Oh, I want pizza.
i still cant get over how dissapointed i was at the end of breacking dawn, it ruined twilight 4 me 
I still can't get over the Air France... it sure is very tragic..  I'll keep on praying that there may be survivors found...
I still can't sleep! Urgh!  
I still can't text though..... 
I still dont even kno how im doin my hair for prom..i dont even have a hair stylist.. Mine moved to ATL 
I still don't feel ready, but I can't stay awake any more.  
i still don't feel the need for classes tomorrow. vacation was fun. i want to extend it more. 
I still don't feel very good 
i still dont get it 
I still don't get why floor tickets haven't gone up for sale yet. 
I still don't have a plan for life. Northwestern has yet to contact me about being accepted. And financial aid is just taking forever... 
i think i might have failed a class for the first time in my life 
I think I might have gotten Justin in trouble at work because I accidently called the wrong number, aaaah 
I think I might have just injured my left shoulder. It hurts real bad...agh. 
I Think i might have to leave drama college, but i really want to stay 
i think i might just be happy that it will rain tomorrow. my baby blackberry is gone  i love it so much!&lt;/3 r.i.p.
i think I might make it an all nighter I can't sleep 
I think I might throw up... I only could eat half of my ice cream cone  http://twitpic.com/67ybk
I think I miss facebook a little bit....  I might have to get back to that!
i think i miss josh but still dont like him at the same time 
I think I miss you 
i think i mistakenly threw out my thumb drive when i was cleaning my apartment yesterday.  definitely won't do that again. clean, i mean.
I think i mosquito bit my knuckle 
I think I must have bought a bark encourager instead of a bark deterrent 
I think I must have kicked something in my sleep because my toe is really throbbing now. 
i think i need a doctor, i've been sneezing non-stop violently the past hour and a halffff !  I HATE COLD WEATHER
I think I need a magnifying glass to read the tweets!!! grrr.. 
I think I need a nap.  I'm starting to get a headache!   #lame
I think I need my tonsils out.  They hurt
i think i need some help with my diet! 
I think i need some new friends...  No one ever wants to talk to me these days 
i think i need to be on this more. haha. but i never do anything. I WISH I WENT OUT TONIGHT. omgshh. soo boredd 
I think I need to get more concealed weapons 
I think i need to get sleepy before I can fall asleep  1 AMBIEN 1 beer we might be sleepy soon?
i still DON'T have the internet @ home  FUCK
i still dont know how to twitpic. help! 
I still don't know who Jadakiss is. 
I still don't really know how to tweet 
i still dont realy get this twitter  wat am i supposed to do? lol
I still don't see #trackle on the trending topics.  Where's @vampiresmitten when you need her? lol
i still don't understand the usage diff b/w &quot;c'est...&quot; and &quot;il/elle est...&quot; when describing ppl  anyone know any quick/good rules for ref?
I still don't want school!  Nothing beats spending the day at home doing nothing!
I still double take at my reflection   http://mypict.me/49k7
I still feel horrible even after getting on the antibiotics. So nice outside but stuck inside  At least hockey is on soon. Go Pens!!
i still feel like crap 
I still feel like crap. I'm staying home and my folks are coming to get Jake. 
I still feel like doo doo hate being sick I miss drinking 
I still feel like partly to blame, ugh i wish I had Â£50 on hand 
I still feel really sick 
I still feel sick  I think I'll leave work soon.
I still feel terrible.. 
i still feel the the sadness and pain  how i wish yOure hir to comfort me. 
i still get chills when i hear about the air france flight 
i still got that annoying headache 
i still hate twitter 
I still have 3 hours of work. . .  
i still have 6 questions left.  fml.
I still have a cold  http://tinyurl.com/m76oxf
I still have a headache from 5am and I feel like I am losing my mind....I am heading home soon 
i still have a headache, its been a week 
i still have a massive sore bruise from walking into a door last week - owwies 
i still have a toothache....booooooooooo 
I still have an itchy back 
i still have cold. huhuhu. 
i still have my hives, they might be with me all my life  waaa am i really autoimmune?
I still have no Nescafe Ice. 
i still have not chekked out from the quad...nor have i received that money im waiting on... 
i still have the headache.. ugh, what's wrong with me?? 
I still have the raw swine fluy so I have to gp to sleep or I will probs collapse  lol nyt 
i still have this headache that kept me up all night 
I still have to design the invitation! I'm running out of ideas! 
I still have to post up a lot of pics and vids :S going to take me forever.  I need to start getting prepared for sumemr school 
i still have to wait until next 4 months.  arg!
I still have two exams to go!! Social and English Part B! 
I still have two more hours of sleep and I can't fall back to sleep 
I still haven't decided what I'm going to do for @nxnefest yet. Bonnaroo killed my energy. 
i still haven't finished my Twizzlers and Hershey's. plus i bought Fairy Floss today. man, i'm not gonna get to sleep tonight 
I still havent got a chance 2 meet PLIES and we both live in Florida! I go 2 his concerts but dont get the chance! Why me? 
I still haven't gotten a fathers day gift for my dads. 
I still haven't put the songs on my ipod. I don't know how. Stupid itunes! Aren't I supposed to sync them? Cause it won't let me sync. 
i still haven't quite figured out to work this screensaver... i'm so lost 
I still haven't seen my report card!  My dad finally paid the stuff I haven't even go to get it yet! I'm so angry right+sad right now! 
I still haven't taken photos of my newest items to list   I just can't get organized!
I still hear a kitten meowing!  I hope someone helps the poor thing. (I can't find it, it's probably on the other side of the fence.) 
I still lack love 
I still looking for an email notifier/checker. 
i still miss @THEROOM 
i still miss him.................soo much  , buh f u billie nd abida :-@
I still miss my bestie 
i still miss my boy and his prickly face 
I still miss Roo soooo much! I know some people think dogs are &quot;just animals&quot; but he really was my little buddy 
I still miss you  &lt;3
I still miss you dreee  darn pulsa, knp abis tb2 siiiiih??!
I still miss..  In dire need of bonding time! As in 3 HOURS or more. Just like the old times. :| Hayy. Night y`all.
I still misses mah emopenguin I wish he'd talk to me   He didn't even tell me why he's been offline so long  make me sad 
I still need a car  ...
I still need a cover to my magazine 
i still need to go buy lvatt 
i still need to have a burial for davy jones. he's been floating in his bowl for days now. 
I still need to pack  #squarespace
i still prefer the teachers back in crescent though  sigh
I still really don't know how to use this thing... 
i still really want starbucks. gotta have it now!  its 130am. and i need starbucks cause it sounds so goodddd.....
I still think it's messed up donte stallworth only got a month in prison. he was drunk, and driving. hit and killed someone. unacceptable 
i still thinking about him.... 
I still want bb... 
I still want that VS's Pure Seduction Eau de Toilette. Anyone stopping by London? Or going overseas? Bet NO ONE dares. H1N1, yess I know. 
I still want that VS's Pure Seduction Eau de Toillete. Anyone stopping by London? Or going overseas? Bet NO ONE dares. H1N1, yess I know. 
I think I need to get up  another day at work.
i think i need to go back to the hospital. my eyes are swollen now, and so bruised. 
I think I need to go on a serious detox. My body feels like shit due to me loading it with end-of-semester comfort food 
I think i need to go to bed so i can avoid being sick for 2 months again...  Night world
I think i need to go to sleep and clear my head of you... oh wait that won't help if I'm seeing you tomorrow 
I think I need to go to the doctors 
I think I need to look at changing my GB usage on t'internet BB package, need an increase  #karoo #broadband
I think I NEED to see a dentist soon. It hurts to drink very cold beverages and ice cream! Huhu! 
i think i need to sleep now!ive been lacking sleep for months! 
I think i need to stop showering during the day here. Never any hot water. 
I think I need to work out. I can no longer lift my suitcase. 
I think i officially killed my ipod 
I think I overdid it at the gym. my legs are killing me 
I think i picked a wrong day to have a party   &lt;&lt;3 shell&gt;
i think i picked the wrong program  really debating my career choice....im serious.
I think I pissed off JTF 
I think I procrastinate too much. It's got to stop before I just start giving up 
I think I pulled a glute muscle from sitting so long yesterday... And now I have a 2 hour car ride.  
I think i pulled a muscle at soccer training 
I think I pulled a muscle in my leg when I was running, not cool. Man this hurts! 
I think I pulled a muscle in my neck at the concert  I can't lean my head to the left without it hurting.
i think i push people away to much because im scared that something good might happen for once. hopefully it works out. im sorry 
I think I reached the point when grey hair is not an abnormality, but a sign of aging. Gahhh 
I think I really fucked up my ankle. Damnit!! Left ankle hurts, right foot is swollen and bruised from tattoo, oouuch Chaaahlie. 
I think i require Head Transplant  ...  Anyone Know A Good Physician ..?
i think i saw just about everyone i love tonight. except Carroll!  BUT EVERYTHING ELSE WAS GREAT! whoops caps lock.
I think i shall have to fix my PS2 some time... It's frustrating only being able to play PS1 games 
I think I shd get a microwave oven. Eating out everyday is really not a good idea. 
i think i should buy a bike and start getting healthy that way. i havent had a bike since i was 8 
I think I should do my homework... 
I still want to be sleeping, one more day until school starts blah. 
I still want to see him 
i still wish my boyfriend would take me to warped tour  
I stillll sound like a maannn  and I have a bruise from idk what
i stood on a snail  i think his name was jim..i'm so sorry jimmy! &lt;3
I stood on two sewing pins at once and it really really really really hurted 
I stop twittering going for a walk with tony i dont feel so good  bye sorry if i dont reply i just cant not now atleast
i strained my left knee! 
I stubbed my toe (remember I did this a few weeks ago too), but this time it's my pinky toe &amp; it's now red &amp; swollen 
I stubbed my toe getting into bed  lol damn my toes! ...too late!
i stuck some marshmallows on a skewer and put those bad boys on the fire 'cos i'm not cool enough for bonfires, haha 
I stumbled upon jstar's twitter somehow and actually read a few tweets and now I think I've become semi-retarded. Someone please help me. 
i suck 
I suck again... I lost at MarioKart  
i suck at bowling  LOL
i suck at bowling now.. womp womp womp 
I suck at DarkCut2. Now i'll never become a surgeon(sp?) 
I suck at drawing a map, or even just laying a map out. 
I suck at Guitar Hero... 
I suck at Halo 3    Dammit!
i suck at media 
I suck at MGO 
i suck at packing to go places.  i need help.
I suck at picking images for the blog... Always found cooler things after it 
I suck at playing guitar. My fingers hurt, and it sounds like someone's killing a cat whenever I try to play. 
i suck at playlists 
I suck at reading 
I suck at screaming. 
I suck at sleeping in  oh well, at least it's nice out today
i suck at useing my time well 
I suck in putting on nail polish by myself. It'll be super messy! 
i suck with this on screen keyboard 
I suck. Many Fashion Week invites but didn't go to at least one  Next season i swear
i suck.. i lost ..i am a donkey  lame @jakedunn123 won
i suddenly craved for vegemite and toast.  feeling adventurous today.
I suddenly got crabby. 
I suddenly miss Ithaca something fierce right now 
I suddenly want to make a youtube fanvideo, but I don't have my Dad's laptop. 
i think i should go and see a doc tomorrow  grrr 
I think I should go to sleep now. Starting on Monday, I should be able to wake up like 5 in the morning or earlier everyday.  G'night! x]
I think i should go to sleep... its 1:24 AM and i need to start studying for exams tomorrow 
I think I should have gone to Goa.. 
I think I should not use twitter as I offend people unintentionally 
I think I should sleep.. but then I'll miss most of Paula's birthday!  Arghhh
i think i should start on my SRP that we got 5 months ago, rather than just decorate the cover. 
I think I should start up on Zoloft...like right now 
I think I slept away the possibility of sleep last week when I slept ALL DAY/EVERY DAY - can't get to sleep/stay asleep now 
I think I spent too much money on food, the 40 bucks I saved became 20 bucks 
i think i tried drunk l4d last night, as my mate said it is fun and everyone on the server laughs.  i just got kicked from the server 
I think I twisted my ankle 
i think i wil not be able to maintain my gpa this time lets hope i will 
I think I will actually buy a bathing suit this year. For some reason I really feel like swimming. I just hate having to try them on 
I think I will attempt to feather my hair today for Farrah   very very sad - may she have peace now
I think I will be in cali for july &amp; maybe longer... Depends on the $$..  not that I really wanna be there but I might have to.. Lol
I think I will be the Fielding Johnson Building on Twitter. The Fielding Johnson building does not like QE students writing on its walls 
i think i will be working on my week end 
I think I will give up my oldest email address. 100 spam messages a day is just not much fun anymore... 
i think i will go eat and then get ready for work 
i suffered from writers block the entire day yesterday and then after midnight ideas started hitting me and i havnt yet been to sleep  :O
I suggest that all followers seek out and witness #neda This crime NEEDS 2 be addressed in a world court for Murder. So Sad  #iranelection
i sun-burned my moobs 
I suppose i should do some coursework.... 
I suppose I should get to work now. Dun wanna. Wanna sleep. Wanna stop being sick 
I suppose I should have done all this work at the BEGINNING of the holidays 
i suppose i should start packing at some point... im excited, but i'd rather it was eddie coming HERE for 5 days...  
i suppose i shouldnt rant on twitter but what they hey ...  the 1 thing i could do at peace with a good friend has now been tainted! 
I suppose I'd better get up then, off to see Coraline 3-D in a bit. Looks like a missed a fine morning for archery, but no-one rang me 
I supposed to be in Sabah. Now. At this time. Sigh 
I sure as hell do not care about special relativity. Screw modern physics. I miss biology class 
I sure could go for some coffee right now.  But I don't have a coffee maker and I don't want to go to Starbucks for $5 coffee.  Poor me.  
I sure don't need this added stress right now 
I sure feel badly about the Air France airplane that's missing.  
I sure hope there is a good major change coming my way. 
I sure miss calling 92520 &amp; hearing the fabulous voice of @LQ01 on the other end saying &quot;people pray&quot;!    The newbies are BORING!!!
I sure wish I knew where my ipod is I miss it so much  http://myloc.me/4hkB
I sure wish I was in a better mood. 
I sure wish i went to see BLG and WTK today.. oh and ATL.. oh and Saves the day with Alkaline Trio.. *sigh* what a sad day 
I survived graduation...just barely, no tears!   I just don't want her to grow up, is that so wrong?  
I think I will try and salvage some sleep.. morning is going to come alot faster than I would like it to  goooodnightttt
I think I woke up even more tired than I was before I went to bed 
I think I would like a new vacation and I literally feel stalked it's like someone is always following me 
I think I`m sick. 
I think iam done with getting this ready for today! I'am home alone  and getting hungry!
I think if I have to deal with another rainy day...they're going to have to put me in a rubber room 
i think i'll be dozing off with this bio file of notes next to me! migarine, flu and fever, freaking go awaayyyy! 
I think I'll go and lay down for a bit... I'm sad  The house is too quiet
i think i'll go to my gran's again today. im so sick of being stuck in myself 
I think I'll go to the movie so I don't have to see the depressing results of the elections 
i think i'll have a tuna sandwich and a coke (shoppers drug mart brand has half sugar) to start this wonderful day off 
I think I'll have to sate my want for sugar with some hot chocolate. With no cookies. 
I think i'll just tweet to sleep... Lol i miss my baby 
I think I'll make economics bad too...  I just want to swim or tan in the sun!
I think I'll make myself some soup since no one is here to do it for me 
I think I'm a have 2 take my blackberry 2 the hospital...she isn't feeling 2 well 
I think I'm a terrible person  Before someone meets me, there should be a little warning that comes along
I think I'm about to stop visiting family until major holidays come around. Everyone gets a break when I should be getting a break... 
I think I'm actually gonna miss autoshop next year.. 
i think im addicted to the internet. every time i go 2 do somethin it leads me onto a trail of DL's and apps and i keep eating HDD space 
I survived the graduation... 
I suspect maybe not feeling well 
I swallowed the piece of lettuce the wrong way  now i cant talk
i sware im doing this alone  other then help from @paigeebaby #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb
I swear all my taste in music does is prove my age.  Still struggling with RP concentration issues.  No solo words since Thurs. 
I swear every single little thing is going wrong today... 
i swear god hates me or something...its storming down in florida and storming on mem day, we planned to go to disneyworld that day  FML
i swear i can sleep forever. no kidding. not sleepe guh for no reason. took over my day! 
I swear I didn't know that my wife Maya Rudolph was the daughter of Minnie Riperton. 
I swear I don't have IBS.  
I swear i hear an ice cream truck! but i cant see it! 
i swear i just went to sleep then my alarm went off 
I swear I need 2 stop twitterin when im walkin on these jagged ass sidewalks. I keep trippin and my open toe sandals dnt protect my feet 
I swear I think Sanctuary is going to make me wait a long time until the second season premieres, just like the final season for BSG.  
I swear I will never get another damn license suspension inna mi life!!! Cause dis a some real fu?!@ry I should b sleep... Damn 
I SWEAR IF ONE MORE OF YOU 'ENTREPRENEURS' (as you call yourself) FOLLOWS ME I WILL COME OVER THERE AND SLAP YOU.  Capitals are scary.  
I swear Im a magnet for the wrong fucken element. 
I swear I'm about ready to chop my feet off, they're so itchy! I don't know what 2 do, I've tried EVERYTHING for them 
I swear I'm gonna pass out at work today! 4 hours of sleep! 
I swear I'm missing tons of my jeans.  If you have borrowed a pair, let me know! I just want to know if they're still around or not. lmao
i THINK i'm all upto date with my work, still loads to go 
I think I'm allergic to fruit...  double  My mouth itches sooo bad 
I think i'm allergic to mondays. 
i think i'm an idiot! I do that to myself all the time! 
I think I'm back to my old sleeping habits, which is pretty much not sleeping. 
I think I'm becoming homesick there's stuff at the bottom of the basement stairs and everytime I open it I think its my dog ringo 
I think I'm being ignored now. 
I think im being ignored...by my best friend, jake....a) i hate being ignored. b) we all know how things go with him 
I think I'm catching a cold  this is not good! Please don't get sick yet  When that happens, it would be great to be Home.
I think Im coming down with a cold... during my 3day weekend 
I think im coming down with something. 
i think i'm coming down with something. Maybe i'm just tired. 
I think I'm coming down with the flue.  Which means no party for me this weekend.   Hopefully I'm cured for next Monday when I practicum.
I think I'm cracking up 
I think I'm dead, really dead. Gah  x
I think im depressed. Not the full extent but yea I can see the symptoms 
I think I'm developing a pimple in the same place that my sunglasses rest on the left side of my nose. Yes, yes i am 
I think I'm done with MadWorld on the Wii. Its stupidly hard and unforgiving... 
i think im done with twitter 
I think i'm dying and will leave a record of events on twitter. food in reverse since 9pm. Flashback to korea feb 08.  why me? Why now?
I think I'm Falling In Love With A Emo  Whyy
I think I'm gaining weight.  I think I can rightfully blame it on not having a lot of money to spend on food until recently.  
i think im gettin old...my joints are forever stiff 
i think im gettin sick....  too much damage done to my immunes system this weekend. lol
I think I'm gettin sickie poo 
I think im getting a cold 
I think I'm getting a cold 
I think I'm getting a cold  head is pounding
I think I'm getting a sneak peek of how much I am going to detest going to work in the near future. I'm so silly... 
I think I'm getting a sneak peek to how much I am going to detest work in the near future. I'm so silly... 
I think im getting shorter... 
I think im getting sick  fuck.
I think I'm getting sick  oh no!
I think I'm getting sick  really sore throat and stuffy ears. Not a good sign!
i think im getting sick noooooooo 
I think I'm getting sick! 
I think im getting sick, my throat is starting to itch. 
i think im getting sick. 
I think I'm getting sick. 
I think I'm getting sick....  Fml
I think i'm getting the zombie death flu... 
I swear im turning into a kettle. WHY AM I SO WARM?! 
I swear it ain't shit to do in the D. I miss Florida 
I swear no matter how long I've been getting up at 5am, it never gets any easier. Man my eyes hurts wah 
I swear she could slap fish out of water with her feet..or swoop down and grab something... 
I swear that today I can not!  do not be mad please 
I swear the day is getting longer while the night is getting shorter 
I swear the doctor is out to get me.....I'll prove her wrong ...hopefully 
I swear to God I`m not the one who posted those twitter shz 
I swear, I wanna start recording my own demos, everybody loves me as a writer it's just that I can't sing  Imma start using Autotune haha
I swear, my room will never be clean.. 
I swear. I am always in the most awkward of situations 
I swore 2 myself I wasn't gunna eat anymore jalapenos... and I did and now I don't feel good @ all, ugh 
I sympathize with Jon and Kate...divorce just plain sucks. Been there done that. 
i t s to hot here. 
I take a drive lesson at the night 
I take back the last tweet... happy daddy's day? im stuck in again... i need to go see the papa but no go... fucking stoopid life... 
I take back what I said, I'm now dying of this cold!  x
I think I'm going back to bed...alone 
I think I'm going on the titan  I am about 1 more severe ride away from my heart giving out! Texas Giant? DONT DO IT. It comes off tracks!
I think im going to be sick forever 
I think im going to die today. Sounds better than feeling like vomiting. 
i think im going to fail first aid just cause i couldnt get up this morning 
I think i'm going to get a scolding from bro 
I think Im going to get sick!!! Sore body and throat killing me!!! tried to sweat it out @ the gym but no luck!!! 
I think I'm going to go get some Ben &amp; Jerry's Cherry Garcia and roam around downtown... oh that's right I don't live in Toronto anymore. 
I think I'm going to have a cold!  imy?
i think i'm going to miss rafa's match again 
I think I'm going to need a root canal- we'll see 
i think im going to the honor society concert alone  and then driving back home to pick up pll and then drive back to see jb?
i think i'm going to throwwww up!! 
i think im gona cry slightly.. loving talk with you.. talking aout leaving with chris. 
i think im gonna be n bed allll day....i'm still tired from this wkend 
i think im gonna be sick,,, GGRROOOOAAAANNNNNNNnnnnnnnn   D: \
I think I'm gonna be sickh 
I think I'm gonna call it a night looong day tommorrow! And my back hurts..  Anywhooooo night!
I think Im gonna call it a night...theres nothing going on here 
i think im gonna cry  6 PAGES! i hate my teacher SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much
i think i'm gonna cry in a minute...HHEEEEEEEEELLLPPP MMMMEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! i hate that song! why does it have to attack my head? 
I feel the best when I'm alone. When there are other people, there's a chance I might get hurt. And I don't wanna get hurt anymore. 
I feel the intense and sudden urge to listen to aqua...too bad my ipod is dead. 
I FEEL THE OLD AGE SETTLING ON ME 
i feel the worst rite now - im soo sick. hopefully i get better soon 
i feel throwy upppy. 
I feel tired and it's going to rain and my head hurts. 
i feel to much time on your hands and facebook is a bad combo, enough searching and you find things you dont really want to know 
i feel u @Mocoladrea waste of time! i give up too 
I feel uber bad little ol lady is sick wanted 2 see her sick mom n the nurses wouldn't let her n she almost came 2 tears no bueno 
I feel unloved and ignored. I'm tired of being alone, but it's real hard for me to get out and meet people. 
i feel upset  i know exactly the reason behind my sadness.. but i'm just too afraid to acknowledge the truth-that he is the reason why
i feel upset with myself right now. 
I feel very alone right now. 
i feel very fat  too many mugs of tea and cream cakes this evening LOL
I feel very sick.  Its making me so sleepy......
I feel vile. Nearly fainted in work 
I feel weak... I think I'm going to have a fever. Oh dear. Not today. 
I feel weird, sickkk weird  I miss my boyfriend and I'm hating summer school
I feel worse today than I did yesterday.  Why does my school have to be stupid and make this a full day? I hate whoever thought of that.
I feel worse with every second. 
I feel ya lol just woke up out of a nightmare 
i feel you. oh god im gonna be in zombie mode in the morning! 
I feel yucky  and coldular 
i feels bummed out..... 
I fell asleeeeeeeeeeep for 2 hours &gt;.&lt; i still have tons of work 
I fell asleep and couldn't finish my movie. 
i fell asleep at 530 am and its now 945am ..... i cant sleep 
I fell asleep for 4 hours  not good at all 
I fell asleep in the tanning bed, thank goodness for timers. I'm just SO tired 
i fell asleep last night with a poem on my mind but was too groggy to find a pen... now i can't remember... hate when that happens 
I fell asleep on my glasses last night and now they're all bent out of shape.  my monitor is still broken. Knotts today.
i think im gonna cry...tell my why!!!! does it huuuurt so bad! i feel just like him right now..you know..the him who you love 
I think im gonna get poison ivy....  but its worth it 2 see my dad smile
I think i'm gonna have a fever! 
i think im gonna have a mental breakdown by the end of the week, or at least in one of the coming weeks... 
I think I'm gonna have a new boss. The shuffling is so on this June. Oh no. Crash 
I think i'm gonna have a sex-change! Anything is better than this monthly hell 
i think im gonna lay down and try to sleep.  night shifts always mess up my sleeping 
I think Im gonna lay out in the sun a bit then go workout then homework time. 
I think I'm gonna skip the GGGS this year since it's race weekend, too.  
i think i'm gonna try and use this more often....today i set my alarm for 9.30 instead of 10.30 by acident 
i think i'm gonna try M$ Bing all day and see if i like it.  sorry Google.  
I think I'm gonna vomit 
I think im havin trouble tryin to sleep 
I think I'm having Gundam series withdrawal syndrome..  help me...
I think I'm having problems with my video card or something because Youtube is not working for me at all 
i think im in an even worse mood than friday. I miss lou 
I think I'm in love ......with ... a vampire lol. now i'm crazy .. but you know what's the bad thing, is that the vampire is a character 
I think I'm in love with you. 
I think Im just gonna let it go...why put everyone through this? Why put myself through this? It probably wouldnt work out anyway... 
I think Im loosing you 
i think im losing followers bcuz i update 2 much...  
I think I'm losing my doggy...  Pray for her!
i think i'm losing someone 
I think I'm missing Miami a little bit, prefer the hot sunny weather 
i think i'm not as fond of twitter as i thought i'd be.  i don't think i'll stay.  
i think im obsessed with peter, i dont think its that noticable though! lol or maybe it is  my mum+dads going to carlisle on july! :-D
I think I'm officially sick. Damn throat. 
I think I'm on episode 9 of Season 3.  and none of these links are working 
i think i'm on LA time already. too bad we're not going quite yet, the jet lag would be a breeze. gaah i wanna go noooow 
I take back wut i said about playstation. Came home and my ps3 won't turn on. NOOO!!!  
I take care of the classroom so much, my house gets neglected... 
I take it back, nostalgia or not, The Postman IS as bad as I remember it.   
I take that back about my youngest. Received email aft last tweet that he is abt to repeat English next year.  No license?? U tell me.
i take that back.......has sun-burn!!! 
I tanned the fat for too long 
i taught jordan how to headbang tonight and now my neck hurts  ahah
I tell it all before he goes. On the day, he'll know it all. I promise. 
I tend to do the same thing people do to me too. I can't get how boys can be effortlessly selfish 
I tend to use photoshop for everything these days, I almost hit compose in it 
I thank everyone for following me. I am on Twitter most of the day, I am unemployed at the moment 
I think @ 4, I'm goin home... I think I'm catchin the flu or a cold 
I think @dariusjamar is gonna fight me next time he sees me in the club and I'm scared.He's my brother and I don't want us to fight 
I think @drskeletor just abandoned me in an internet cafe. Abandonment is becoming quite a theme in my life.. 
I think @itsbabyv is no longer on twitter 
i think @KrisAllenmusic blocked me on twitter. 
i think i'm over tweeting today  just because of my mood i think?!
i think i'm screwed. when i turned it back on, the macbook made small beep noises and blinked a folder with a ? mark. not good 
I think im sick or something...i feel wacked. Laying with my kitty and trying to go to sleep 
I think I'm sick.    For realzo.
I think i'm sick... 
I think I'm skippin out work today to go to the hospital instead...  I'm having severe stomach pain... Just waitin to be picked up 2go..
I THINK IM STAR STRUCK IM ALL WAYS SAD COS IM NOT FAMOUS 
I think I'm still hungover from Friday night 
I think I'm the only one left at college 
i think im the only person that doesnt know how to say stuff to people on here!  gaaah
i think i'm the only person that takes naps at 8 pm.  haha i'm craving mini golf.  might go tomorrow night!! @bolten727 don't leave 
i think i'm the only person who hasnt seen hangover 
I think ima be late for my regents 
I think ima get sick... my throat feels scratchy... mannn I shouda turned tht dang fan off b4 I fell asleep 
I think Ima hav som people over &amp;then go out. Cant stay out late though.Got things to do early 2morrow morning 
I think ima study tonight for the first time ever 
I think imma sleep til the 4th qtr. I'm STUFFED! Damn me for being greedy 
I THINK Imma take a break from them 2 let my real nails BREATHE 4 a while! Ive said that b4 but always end up putting them right back on 
I think I'n coming down with a cold 
I think ir lost my favourite  clubmasters... 
I think it is royally unfair that having spent a day drinking nothing but sparkling water, my body's in hangover mode  Too much sun...
I think it means I just need to cut a whole bunch of people who post a lot. Sorry if you get cut. 
I fell asleep till 7  Then I went and saw Transformers and it is amazing  XD
I fell asleep watching a hypnosis video on youtube last night. I slept wonderfully. I just hope it doesn't make me say quack or something 
I fell asleep! Woke up by the Imperial Death March (ie. mr_r on the phone) all disorientated, thought it was a weekday 
I fell asleep. ( and missed texts, replied, and invites!  never sleeping again
I fell down the stairs this morning ---- OUCHIE 
I fell in love with someone whoÂ´s unreachable 
I fell in the grocery store tonight 
i fell into a drain; and i thot it was a rather twitterable event 
i fell liek i have done something wrong but dont know what 
I fell off my bike in front of a bunch of grad students. My ego hurts 
i fell on the sidewalk and scrapped my arm and the only band-aids I have are barbie band-aids. 
I fell over the fence and ripped my fuckin favorite shirt 
I fell over today and got some owwys. 
i fell really sad cause my dog died yesterday ..    it had ten years i love her an im always wil love
I fell rollerblading today  BUT I was more concerned about my Transformers tshirt being scratched up than my body ha! xP
i fell sleep with my laptop on my tummy. what a bright day in Manila Philippines. but weather is so hot. 
i fell so sad because the tragedy in Iran now...  and i hope its over....
I fell so sad. Nd dnt even know why 
I fell this morning on my way 2 work while droppin my son off arm came outa socket   wat a way 2 start mothers day!
I fell today since I'm a huge loser and I think I broke my big toe 
I fell!  Never run in flip-flops that are too big. Seriously. Don't.
I felt bad hearing that Ed McMahon died last night. Then I realized I thought he died years ago. 
i felt lonely tonight 
I felt pity to my brother, that's why i'm crying! Thinking why is he like that to us! He's just human not devil!  i hope wil God help him!
I felt rain drops falling on my head, (you know that song) outside in my hot tub.  Looks like rain is coming our way 
i felt so sorry for that hollie on britains got talent last night  glad she got through 
i few hrs, i will deactivate my facebook account due to domestic problems n privacy invasion, good bye facebook... good bye friends... 
I figured out why I hate where I live.. NO LIGHTS! Its alwas dark and depressing here after dark and nobody does anything after 9pm 
i figured out why my room always looks so messy. i have way too much stuff! my room is small and cluttered. 
I think it will rain in a few minutes 
i think its a lot scarier that there is swine flu breakout during rainy season. 
I think it's a Twitter-wide problem. @TamekaRaymond is having the same problem. 
I think it's a virus... Can't fine the downloaded antivirus though. Boohoo... 
I think it's about time I get up, make lunch and get ready for work. I'm working until 2.30am!! It's going to be a long night... 
I think it's about time to go to bed. Summer school Monday  night Twitter !
I think its about to rain 
i think it's back to the drawing board :/ 
I think it's bad how susan boyle gets the main headline, when people have actually lost their lives in an aeroplane malfunction/crash... 
I think it's finally time for me to pack away my TV. 
I think its goin to rain  NOW what are we going to do??? Tesco shopping is not an exciting option! Louie won't even get dressed...BORED!
i think it's gonna be a bored working day  it rains, it's cold, .... i need something fresh!
I think it's gonna be hot today. 
I think its happening again. 
I think its MD water got me breaking out 
I think its pretty sad that this episode of the nanny defines my life. That's gross. 
I think it's sleepy time 
i think its suppised to rain today  ugh
I think it's terrible about the plane that is lost over the Atlantic...  Saying a prayer for the people on the plane!
I think it's time for a dry June... Red wine hangover sucks 
I think its time for bed. I wish I didn't have to go to work tomorrow. 
I think it's time for me to revise my lessons for my exams 
I think it's time to call it a night. I just cannot stay awake lately. 
I think it's time to go to bed. I have to go to work in the morning at the feed store. Sunday at the produce stand. No free time! 
I think it's time to model my Twitter shirts. It's time for some Twitter love. I miss it. 
i think its time to put down the guitar and study for bio... 
I think it's time to retire the Saab. 
i think i've become obsessed with tumblr 
i think ive been capped. that really sucks. cannot watch any videos for the next 2 weeks or so. probably no blogtv either 
I think ive broke my finger  urgh off to a&amp;e :'(
i think i've broken my finger 
I think i've broken my insides a bit, damn boring sundays where i do nothing but eat all day! 
I think I've broken my repo by moving it from OSX to Vista. It thinks everything is new, even with config.autocrlf true 
I think I've checked my e-mail 1000000000000000 times today. 
I think I've chipped a tooth. 
I think I've dropped my BlackBaby too many times because now my headphones don't work and I can't listen to my BB Pandora in the tub 
I think I've finally reached the point in my life where I need a nasal hair trimmer 
I think I've forgotten to mention some people on my video 
i think ive forgotten what a day off is ive done a seven day this week cant wait for tuesday but still no laying  just hope its hot x
I think I've got a cold 
i think ive got a wisp on my eye 
I think I've got some of that H1N1... 
I think @lesamonster gave me some bad hair dryer mojo - I go to fix my hair and it's not working!  It worked last night so now I'm  ....
I think @mattklug and I are the only people in CLT not going to Band of Horses tonight. Sold out. 
I think @PhineasDeRomanus is no longer following me... snap! I'm sorry for whatever it is I have done to make you unfollow! 
I think @sydneyswans is too sad to keep tweeting score updates 
I think @williger isn't the only one who's tweets got deleted, can't find some of mine   Oh well, too sleepy to worry about it now, night!
I think @xjes3 is a little bitch, because she took me off her mobile twitter updates. She says I tweet too much. 
I think @Ziemer90 should wake up so he can make up for his &quot;talk to lauren day&quot; which he didn't do yesterday 
I think a flu is coming on... 
I think a headache is in the works 
I think a server somewhere might be brokered. Barclays and the GTTR both seem to hate me at the moment... 
I think a spider bit me  I got a big red mark on my arm!! I googled spider bites and saw pics and now im scared!!!!! lol
i think adri got me sick  lol
I think Afro Dog has fleas 
I think after this week I'll be back to my 8-bit love affair.  Sushi &gt; More Pictures &gt; Yay Me
I think all aspiring people stay stressed out! It's a requirement! It's good tho. Not as profitable right now tho  @KourtneyDenise
I think all my internet friends died. 
I think all of my supervisors are having a mad orgy from the noises in the apartment down the hall 
i think allergies are kicking my ass. i never get them 
I think at this rate.. Ill be in class until 4... Sigh. 
I think babe made me sick  i'm ready to go home
I think baby is now true breech (not transverse anymore). Amazing discomfort and no sleep. 
I think back one year, and i was pretty happy...and two years ago, really happy....so what in the world happened? 
I fill sorta sick and i hope im better by friday, id feel like shit if i didnt see breauna before she moves to oklahoma 
I fin my book    it wasn't completed at least that's what I think
I finally cave and buy the mlb at bats app, and the lag on the audio is unlistenable 
I finally feel human again after a few days of lurgee and now @Murdo23 is ill in bed 
I finally found a real friend in my school and now she's moving. I'm so sad. I felt like crying. I dont want her to move but she have to. 
I finally found my couch! Some jerks moved it. 
I finally gave up trying to txt/im this wonderful lady I am so crazy about. She's either at work or asleep. Time to get back to my art 
I finally get a chance to go out...was gunna see Stoney and Boland...it got postponed 
I finally got home!! And I just want to go to bed, but can't 
i finally got on! i go hom like 2 hours ago, i have a really bad headache 
I finally got out of bed,now to get ready for school  god I'm so tired
I finally have a night/day off!!! To do homework 
I finally have my new computer updated, still very hectic at the office! I have been out of town so much my cactus died 
i think i've hit rock bottom. 
I think i've just had a fight with a fire engine. 
i think i've lost my drawing mojo 
I think I've never been so tired in my entire life. Gotta go now, I've got some homework to do 
I think I've od-ed on 4od 
i think i've put like 2stone on over the weekend 
i think janes winning 
I think JoBros are ugly 
i think june gloom has arrived 
i think justin sucks because he makes fun of the way that i type, what a butthead  
I think justine ruined it 
i think katy perry's eyes are scary.   she can't sing that well 
I think KnightOnline is sleeping 
I think lack of enough sleep over an extended period of time causes migranes. I has one 
I think laptop is breaking down 
I think LCW wins   
I think maeson just wiped boogers in my hair 
I think Mel B. has a great body................but.........she is starting to look more like a body builder....not so sexy anymore 
I think men are only on the earth to give a hard time. 
I think my #macbook is demaged  Got a green line on the top. During a reboot I can still see my last screen...    http://twitpic.com/3j6jx
i think my account has been blocked............ bumer 
I think my arms are going to fall off 
I think my babay is sick 
I think my baby's sick  ....................... yeah. My dog.
i think my belly is actually shrinking.  unfortunately so is my ass 
I think my best friend hates me 
I think my best guy friend just broke up with me....  wow
i think my bff, ryan cousino has been kidnapped! or grounded haha 
i think my blackberry has died   the battery keeps running out after i charge it, what will i do without my bb?
i think my blood must taste really good; i have soo many mosquito bites. 
I think my blood pressure is up I've been feeling weird lately  http://ff.im/48PFb
I think my body forgot how to sleep in 
I think my brain is trying to escape from my skull 
I think my C key got &quot;drunk&quot; from the spilt shandy. Not as sensitive anymore. 
I think my camera just died  Damn it!
I think my car just died on me....I'm sad 
I think my cat sprained her paw jumping around.  I hope she's okay!
i think my cell phone is having some sort of heart attack... it turned itself off 5 times today  i don't want it to die!!!
I think my company's eBureaucracy has finally got 2 me. 
I think being a mother is the most challenging, yet most rewarding experience ever. His temp is normal again, but bumps from head to toe! 
I think Brians mad at me now, what the faye 
I think by computer might be dead. As in like it has crashed. I got the blue screen twice today.....   shit
i think chris brown's career might be over   hes got another law suit on his hands for assaulting someone else now.
I think cleo is dying 
I think Composer has had a stroke. That is what my gut is telling me 
I think everybody can be a genius,but we dont keep dreaming to be,and I am the one of them . 
i think everyone has gone to sleeep. 
i think everyone i know is at the kenny chesney concert in Pittsburgh but me... sad 
I think everyone took &quot;iphone OS 3.0 releasing 17 june&quot; a little too seriously. Its still not out! Bummer 
I think everyone who i was talking to fell asleep on me at the same time 
I think Extreme Rules sucked 
I think Fed will be playing first on Monday since Nadal is gone 
i think fete de la musique is not much exciting anymore. hmm... i wonder why, must be my lens, cant zoom in 
I think God is giving me stuff to prove that the last stuff that I thought was so awful wasn't really that bad... 
I think he has realized......I feel relieved..... and lost 
i think he stressed himself sick when i went to bed and kept him in the living room 
I think he was holding back tears 
i think here he was, WHAT HE WAS THERE?!!? SO FVKIN BORED TONITE 
I think he's mad at me. He's been ignoring me all day. I don't know what I did, though. 
I think home payments (rent, taxes, utils) should not be %50 income. I cant live on my own like that.  @848 #chicago
I think my computer has a virus 
i think my computer is broken 
I think my computer is telling me to stop playing assassins creed and go to bed. I dont wanna 
I think my day is looking up. I'm really glad I decided to do this report on Starbucks, its actually inspiring me. Still no phone though. 
I think my dog knows he has a vet appt today. He's in my bed under the covers and won't come out. 
I think my dogs poorly hes pacing and crying 
i think my ear is infected... 
I think my ear might be getting infected 
i think my ears are bleeding.  #nataliebasingthwaite
I think my email / domain is being blocked by  Akismet 
I think my english is not very well. I must  to learn foreign languages 
I think my feet are about to fall off :p and I'm sulking that I lost           
i think my fever is coming back...  why do work supervisors have to be so lame? they want me to bring in a doctor's note. why would i go
i think my finger is fucked. 3 days later it still hurts. it hurts to hold a freaking cupcake 
i think my finger's infected. fml. no hydrogen peroxyde here 
I think my fishies think they're going to get fed every time I get near the tank! Hah. Sorry fishies, don't want to over feed you 
I think my friend deliberatly gave the ticket away so that I would not meet @collective_soul and therefore lose the bet 
I think my friend on the other side of the fence moved away. I am sad 
I think my girl repellant aka my beard is getting a little out of hand. I might need to shave it 
I think my girlfriends cheating on me and i need a job im so depressed 
I think my husband loves his new Wii game more than he loves me. 
I think my iMac superdrive has died ripping a dvd. It got a little noisier than normal and then just went silent and stopped responding 
I think my iPhone is broken   I can't send any emails out.
i think my ipods overheating  no pokÃ©mon for a whilee
i think my key board is dying....lots of letters are very difficult to type...i wonder if this means i need to get a new one soon 
I think my kitty cat knows I'm leaving her, she laid on my lap for a cuddle and then didn't want to get up aww 
I think my laptop is broken 
I think my love of Bran Bars is waning... 
i think my LV&amp;TT is missing a picture in the booklet 
I think my memory card is fucked  at least its not the one for my DSLR I guess
I think my milk was bad. 
I think my mobo just died 
i think my mother is upset with me... 
i think my new ballet flats are a tad small now,  i wanted to wear them tomorrow, looks like i need to exchange for the six.
I think Hoosiers take some sort of dumb pride in pronouncing names of streets and towns differently than everywhere else in the world... 
I think House has been renewed for a 6th season. I hope so. I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO WITHOUT DR. HOUSE! 
I think Howard my car spider is dead. 
I think I already regret telling rick I have an xbox... I'm losing him to that and twitter..  you still want it jimbo haha
I think I am a bad parent, i really don't like going to the playground.  It bores me to tears. 
I think I am almost finished making my items for the home party I'm going to do Saturday. I just sold a lucite purse  it will be missed
I THINK I AM AN AMIBLE PERSON! LOL I DONT KNOW Y PPL THINK IM MEAN 
I think I am anemic again! Apparently ice chewing is a sign of anemia, and I've been going through a bag of ice every couple of days! 
I think I am getting sick 
I think I am getting worse.  fuck being sick.
I think I am going to die in this heat exhaustion 
i think i am going to get a sun burn 
I think I am going to set up my Starbucks on my street corner.. The closest one to my house is SO FAR AWAY! like, 25 minutes 
I think i am going to start doing my homework now.. Fuck my life 
I think I am having a sympathy anxiety attack for Rhonda. 
I think I am having an affair... I am cheating on twitter with work  ...my love for twitter is strong tho  we will get through this!
I think i am ill..... but i have to go to work tomorrow 
I think i am just destined to wear high waters. They just dont make pants for tall little people 
i think i am screwed on trying to figure out how to work this thing! 
i think i am sick 
I think i am weak on Twitter...boohaa 
i think i angered the internet cause i have a lot of junk mail!! 10 new mails this morning woo! window estimates from experts!?!?! ....no 
I think i ate just a tad too much, my tummy hurts 
I think I ate something with milk in it. I don't feel soo good. 
i think i ate too many dumplings. tummy feels bleh now. 
i think i better sleep like now? haha! since i have to wake up at 4.30.. 
I think I blew out one of the speakers on my iPhone. That's no good 
I think I broke a toe. 
i think i broke my finger 
I think my phone is messed up..  I've been missing a lot of calls. 
I think my phone's spoilt  I'm supposed to see a pop-up thing when i receive a message but i dont!
I think my plum tree died. 
I think my puppy has tapeworms  looks like i'm trying for a vet trip tomorrow.
i think my theres something wrong with my fishy  &lt;/3
I think my tummy wants to kill me. 
i think my tweetdeck is failing me 
I think my upcoming trip might be my last trip to disney this year..the hubby wants to cancel our august magic kingdom view to save money 
I think my uterus is angry at me 
I think my wireless mouse is going flat... it keeps on stuttering. 
i think natal might be about a Â£150 add on. 
I think Neda left an image and sacrifice in all of our heads that we won't soon forget. RIP.  #IranElection
I think nerves are far outweighing excitement right now  #Twenty20
I think of Twitter like my blog, but, you can't blog about much things when you can only use 150 characters. 
i think on grammy awards @mileycyrus wore blck gown which looked great and ubfortunatly on red carpet i think she was on the bad dressed 
I think our choir conducter has been crying!  or mayb jus pissed off.
I think overworking yesterday has made me sick today 
I think Pandora's really sick.  Setting up an appointment for her to see the veterinarian on Monday.
I Think pearl jam is pretty good 
i think people ignore my texts. makes me feel awesome...not. i try to not be annoying, but maybe i am? idk... 
i think people like me more when i am not here....got 81 followers,    will i ever hit 100....    
i think people should post pics. even if it's not them (via @mainanyc) yeah, yeah so still nothin huh 
i think people should stop lying to get what they want. i want them to tell the truth and stop making me feel horrid about it. 
I think Pevis is a republican  too much fox news
I think Pinky is gettin mad@ me... *thinkin about the txt from yesterday: &quot;you're treating me like a 2nd class citizen&quot;*..... feeling bad 
I think Requiem will be one of those gut-wrenching films I can only watch once...like Atonement and Revolutionary Road 
i think rufus is gonna have to go stay with nana while we do the aprtment thing 
i think i broke my hand  it huuuuurts! ok prob not but it still huuuurts! loving choc banana scones yum yum!
i think i broke my phone...i have to go to at&amp;t tomorrow 
I think I broke my podcast 
I think I broke my thumb.  EEEK!
I think i broke my toe by tripping 
I think I broke my toe! Damn. Sent my sister's to get some tape so I can walk back 2 the car. 
I think I broke Twitter 
I think i can't do basketball tomorrow sorry guys 
I think I caught a bug from the hospital 
i think i caught H1N1 at production today 
I think I did bad in my exam  so sad
I think I did mediocre on the SAT's 
I think I did not do anything. But a failure happened. 
I think i did ok on my test. 
I think I dont know how to use this. hmm 
I think I don't like twitter 
I think I drank too much coffee. My stomach hurts now 
I think I drove on it too long   http://twitpic.com/3ixdf
I think i fail my Test!!! 
I think I failed maths, and I just dropped my last hobnob 
i think i flunked my statistics practical test. 
I think I found a bug in the pocket wizard FlexTT5/MiniTT1.. Second Curtain never fires just before the shutter closes  #photog
I think I fucked my camera up the battery cartrage opened while the lens was going back in and now the lens is stuck  trying to fix it
i think i fucked up my right deltoids doing some light weight training  can barely lift my shirt over my head with that arm
I think I got a cavity 
i think i got a cold comin' on 
I think I got a flu. Aw shit, not a good way to start a holiday 
i think i got stung or spider bit or something on the bottom of my foot.  Its quite painful.  
I think so making fun of @calistar1214 i ended up breathing like a fat kid 
i think some bugs ate my skin on my walk 
i think someone broke my caffeine; it's not working this morning 
I think someone is mad at me 
i think someone is trying to hack into my email 
I think someone just called me billys wife at the casino. 
I think someone needs to have his ass kicked for not saying good night to me for the second night in a row...hmph 
I think someone or something really don't want me to play #Sims3...I search it everywhere,it always sold out 
i think someone should come to library with me tomorrow, i've been a loner everytme i've been   
I think something is wrong with my ankle  I'm hobbling aroun the hospital..I look like a dummy lol
I think Stanley Steamer needs to make up his frickin mind. Either &quot;carpet&quot; or &quot;your home.&quot; Get the song right. 
I think starbucks should carry decaf frappucinos! I cant sleep noww 
I think staying at home is unhealthy -_- Down with fever and flu, save me from hell someone 
i think sumbody got in my twitter shit...an had a random status..wow..anyways im sad tha C's lost  but all hail to the king an go nuggets
I think summer is over already 
I think taking 4 Aleve a day is starting to kill my stomach.  But it's supposed to help my arthritis....only 2 more weeks left 
I think that after 3 &amp; 1\2 years my Zune is starting to die  guess I'll just have to buy a flash based one untill the HD hits
I think that BlackBerrys are the best phones ever made... but I want the new iPhone 3G S. 
I think that days where I have a headache are not much fun 
I think that Eminem got angry yesterday 
I think that I am coming down with a cold. Actually, it's already come down. I'm not feeling very well at all. 
i think that i better start cleaning my room :S but i'm so bored that just thinking makes me more bored 
I think that i might be getting a migraine. 
i think that im getting the sick. 
I think that I'm sick  
i think that i'm the only 1 on!!! 
I think that Kate treated Jon like crap - ta da.  I'm sad for their family and all families that fall apart over lack of communication... 
I think that my French project went horribly! I am so mad! I couldnt say my lines properly! 
I think that my life is passing too fast. IÂ´m very affraid I DONT WANNA GROW UP I WANNA STAY A LITTLE CHILD...IN 4 YEARS I`m a ADULT OMG 
I think that Shakespeare and Shelly have made me ill 
I think that summer has become such a conundrum for me, with all this rain.  No money, no boyfriend in town 
I think that was too much sugar for one breakfast. 
I think that's the reason I could never get into anything hardcore beyond interest. I just see white dudes angrily yelling at me. 
I think the &quot;mild hey fever&quot; i believe I have is acting up. Can't stop sneezing, and my throat is so itchy 
I think the Academy was too chicken to give the Best Picture to Brokeback Mountain, and that sucks.
I think the cats have rabbis 
i think the darker part of me is now darker and the lighter part of me is still white as snow.   so much for spending time out in the sun
I think the dbacks have moved from underperforming to just being plain lousy... it's going to be a long summer 
I think the dentist overly numbed my mouth. I want to drink my vitamins, but I'm afraid I'd end up wearing most of them 
i think the dog is sick.  i wish she didn't have that attachment to my room and expelling things from her body in it...
i think i got the delhi belly  cant take spicy food no more (
I think I got the flu 
I think I got the flu...so suxx...can't be near my babies...I'm sadd 
i think i got up waaaaay too early 
I think I had food poisoning 2 days in a row. Yesterday after sushi, and today after eating chicken salad w/ chicken that was a bit old 
I think i had some kind of allergic reaction to the hand sanitizer Hannah had yesterday. . . 
I think i hav that foot thing where it hurts on the bottom 
I think I have a celeb crush on joseph gordon-levitt oh and stuck in traffic to Lynn canyon   http://twitpic.com/6cy2y
i think i have a cold 
I think I have a corneal abrasion... 
I think I have a fever.  iDie. Don't know if I'll be able to make it to class. BOO!
I think I have a fever... 
I think I have a fever... Boo!  - wanting me some cpk mexican tortilla soup!
I think I have a paper cut on my toe! 
I think i have a sleep hangover 
I think I have a small tear in my right lobe  Go listen to our songs, love us, and tell your friends!!!
I think i have an cold 
i think i have an eye infection 
i think i have an ingrown toe nail,   BOO!
I think i have an ulcer...  But that's not gonna stop me from drinking Sprite, eating tim tams, and talking mooncups!!
I think I have anger issues,but no one will really care, 
I think i have another sinus infection   
I think i have freakin MICE! I was about to drift asleep till i heard em munching and moving around  didnt know they could be so loud lol
I think I have got mild toncilitis... 
I think I have H1N1...     Or maybe just a cold. 
I think I have hayfeaver 
i think i have heat stroke 
I think I have hey fever! 
i think i have physics hw and eco hws  but i dont think i should do it LOL, i think i should!! argh
I think I have ran outta music to play lmao  ...cant go to any STL clubx because I wanna live past tonight ugh I wish I was in SOMEWHERE !
I think I have seen the ending to this saga before, and it doesn't come out in my favor 
i think i have sunburn on my head  it hurts, its the worst place to get it!
i think i have swine flu  really!
I think I have swine flu!  It's so not good, hugs please
I think I have the flu 
I think I have the NINE flu. 
I think I have to get up early again tomorrow. I have two shows and a photoshoot tomorrow.  But my baby GUZZLES gas so it's worth it.
I think I have to give away my dog today 
i think i have to go to bed! I'm so tired! And i lost 9 followers!  @NicLovesHabs have fun and enjoy! I call you tomorrow!
I think i have to go... 
i think i have tonsillitis 
I think I have tonsillitis  waa. Oh well, I still got that Boom Boom Pow haha 
i think i have tonsillitus... i have it like every 3 months it sucks 
I think I heard a car crash outside my house during one of the street races  While I was in bed 
I think i hit my head cause i have like a headache 
I think i hurt my hand 
I think i jus hit a lil bird  im afraid to look
I think I just caused a frog to plummet to its death from my stairs... 
I think I just cried myself to sleep last night. Such bothering thoughts. 
I think I just died a little. 
i think i just failed my banking &amp; finance paper..... 
I think I just found a white eyelash, and it was MINE! 
i think i just good stood up... 
I think i just got another #BaliBelly.. gee..its been 7 years and finally i had twice, two days ago and today. I don't want it anymore 
I think I just got dumped 
I think I just got punked by Hector about my weight  sad face...... Ayyy mi vida loca!
I think I just killed a bird  the suicidal  bird flew right into my engine on i4
i think i just lost my peace bracelet... 
i think i just lost my phone O_O .... i cant find it 
I think I just lost you.  I'm sorry. I couldn't handle it.  It was fun while it lasted.
i think i just lostmy bestfreind 
I think I just overdid it by doing too much today and now I feel sick again   nap time
I think I just saw Hulk Hogan riding his bike in Pelican Bay, Allison wouldn't slow down to take a picture 
I think I just seen a dead baby horse 
I think i just tore my back muscle, thanks to tennis  - http://tweet.sg
I think I just walked right past cute boy  stupid umbrella distracting me
I think I killed outlook 
i think i killed the pumpkin soup 
i think i left my gold wingtips in iowa.  
I think I left my Senior Collection paper in my car....my car is in the shop..... 
i think i like boys now  too many girls turned me down
i think i like ghostland observatory (ok... now i have to go work on this paper and stop procrastinating  ...) ? http://blip.fm/~5j32s
I think i lost my favorite ring 
I think I lost my frog mirror oh noes 
i think i lost my ipod... 
I think I lost my lower back somewhere on the highway back from Mass. I wish we came with spare parts 
I think I lost my Slingshot organizer 
I think I lost my sunglasses at #barcampnyc4 
I think I lost my voice! 
I think I lost my wacom tablet pen in the move. Looks like I editing will take longer than needed. 
I think I love a part of me saying some cynical words. Even though I smile when I say them. Do you think it's bad? 
i think i love him.....but hey what can you do if he loves someone else 
I think i love this place and really don't want to go home tomorrow 
i think i love you... 
I think I may actually sleep tonight, I'm knackered. Sleeping droops better work  today was fun tho scooting about on a speed boat
i think i may be getting old... i jacked up my neck while playing with my one year old niece today... owwwieee!!  
I think I may be getting sick  I feel like crap.
i think i may commit suicide next week. Well not seriously but i will surely die 
I think i may have a tumor 
I think I may have failed my pe sac today 
i think i may have lost a friend 
i think i may have lost my flash drive 
I think i may have my very first cavity!?    time to find a dentist STAT!
i think i may have possibly sprained my knee again 
I think I may have the beginnings of flu coming on  I hope it isn't of the swine variety, I can't afford to take that much time off work!
i think i may have to buy a ps3  damn you sony and your ways for me to play ghostbusters 
I think I may just watch the MTV Movie Awards afterall 
I think I may need to work my arms out...they ache after every wedding 
I think I messed up my back, its been like this all day 
I think I might actually do school work 2nite 
I think I might be coming down with a cold 
i think i might be coming down with something 
I think I might be dying...I hate being sick    
I think I might be so drunk that I'm gonna throw up 
I think I might be walking into a Spanish test right now! What a way to start the day 
I think I might cry, I want it here and now! 
I think I might get sick today , don't have the energy to work 
I finally made it to work. 26 hours awake! I didn't have time to get my 5 hour energy drink.  This will not be a good morning!
I finally played the THHE's game. I think i played for 30 seconds. A zombie popped up scared me and i quit the game. 
I finally saw Rise of the Lycans... It was pretty good. Although I did miss Kate Beckinsale 
I finally signed up on @ rotocasted. Happily adding to my Collection n Wishlist but am annoyed the site only shows up properly on Safari 
i finally unpacked.  Gonna get lots of cleaning and such done today, oh fun.
I finally watched the house bunny and it was awesome! I miss you GND! 
I finally went to Paddy's Market today!! Whoa it is huge!!! I don't want to leave Sydney!! 
i find it hard to concentrate with you, twitter. 
I find it quite annoying when I come online to check if I'm loved and I find out who's gone through or won this like that :/ Stupid me! 
I find myself being a very boring person online.  I want to spice this up! What can I do to make life more interesting?
I find myself still sad &amp; i can't pretend it any different 
i find that hilarious and sadfaced at the same time  
I find that I strikingly resemble Garfield at the mo.. droopy-eyed, hungry-faced and supremely sloppy. 
I find the fact that I have to wait 10 hours for the finale of Gossip Girl very upsetting..  Blair and Chuck!
I find the lack of method chaining in Python disturbing  dear hmac library: why do you make me think in C!? www.â€º.ws/î€± also urllib, etc.
I F'ING WISH SO F'ING MUCH THAT I AM F'ING ADOPTED I F'ING HATE ME PARENTS SO MUCH!!! :@ :@  :'(
I finished @Melzer 's Zombie Chronicles a few days ago. It was bittersweet. Now I need something new for the gym 
i finished all my tests on thursday .. yet i still have to go to school for another month.. (june 24) Y?? its not fair 
I finished all of 4 mins early today, even tho' I had nothing to do this afternoon. I hope I have something to do tomorrow 
I finished Kung Fu Panda finally!! I'm glad I got to see a few of my midlo homies! I really miss them!!  I miss everyone.. Lol
I finished my book.  Now what to read?
i finished my final art project today! how sad  i will never be a studnt there again..kinda wish i took advantage of it more than i did.
I finished my Pepsi  
i finished my rice and my chicken (not the veggies tho) and my maid still thinks i should eat more. 
I finished reading the Twilight series.. better then I thought.. was disappointed in the last book though 
I finished the main story in Fable2 and I don't know what to to with myself other than I need to find a way to get my dog back 
I flung dirt in my eye!!  dumb, stupid weeds.
I followed the trend and bought Twilight as reading material for the beach.  Lol 
I for got about the mop bucket again...huge overflowage mess 
I for got to bring a pan of my cupcakes to work  and they are sooo good
I forget how much I miss my tribe til I have limited access to talking to them. Spotty internet in the country so I won't be here long. 
I forget what hungry feels like 
I forgot a dear friends birthday.... How guilty do I feel!! 
I forgot about not having a drivers license.  my g-pa's gotta drive my car for me. Lame.
i forgot about SNL !!!! i wanted to see it cuz of justin timberlake 
I forgot about this scratch on my face!  I scratched myself trippin cuz I thought there was a bug on me! LoL Makeup covers everything!
I forgot Greek was on tonight 
I forgot how horrible tequila is. 
I forgot how in love with Roy Schider I was, I grew up with a massive crush on him, still do-sorry he's no longer with us 
I forgot how long ladies take to get ready...wow I have a wait 
I forgoT how long my daYz kan be! I need another Vava 
i forgot how much i hated 8AM classes. I remember now. 
I forgot how much I like Doris Henson's cd, Give Me All Your Money...shame they didn't last 
I forgot how much moving there is in moving 
I forgot how to spell it  kaos! W.e! @ kennethxvanity
I forgot I have a personal training session with jose.    working out stinks.
I forgot it was free ice cream day at Friendly's and now it's over 
i forgot it was my dad's birthday after membering earlier in the week.  i'm SUCH AN ASSHOLE. 
i forgot its my dad's birthday today.  ))
I FORGOT MAH FACEBOOK PASSWORD  I CANT GO ON NOW T.T AND SEE RENE OR ADD OTHER PPL THAT BARELY GOT IT T.T   ... FML
I forgot my african friends name 
I forgot my donut holes in the car 
I forgot my headphones at home now im bored. 
I forgot my homework 
I forgot my ipod 
I forgot my ipod in the car. 
I forgot my iPod, no morning music today on the train 
I forgot my jewelry  I feel naked f*ckkkkkkkkk 
I forgot my laptop at work!!  http://yfrog.com/0wupbj
I forgot my laptop charger today 
I forgot my mail's pw( Ugh, stupidity. 
I forgot my mp3 player today. I put loads of new stuff on it last night and really wanted to listen to it today  only 4.5 hours to go!
I forgot my MP3 player today. I'm feeling kind of... jittery. Me no like 
I forgot my own mother tongue and cannot translate English to proper well worded German 
I forgot my own shampoo/conditioner...I keep getting whiffs of the hotel brand. eick! I also forgot socks  workout this am... not pleasant
I forgot my password to twitter  it took me 2 days to remember. Alright, Well were starting rehearsels soon so &quot;Tweet&quot; me with questions!
i forgot my phone AND my purse today  so no txts or food for me 
i forgot my phone at home today... WHAT a sad day..  .. 200th update.. wow
i forgot my smoothie at work!  ~Mae Sunshine~
I forgot my sunglasses  it is so sunny!
I forgot my thing for blogspot  so I'm making a new one
I forgot my wallet with credit card and cash at home, and my gas light just popped on.  Hopefully I can make the six-ish miles home 
I forgot so many things! So many important things. So much work just sitting there! 
i forgot that i can't handle angst EVER for this pairing  brb sadfacing at Mikey
I forgot that I'd bought a Wispa this morning &amp; left my blazer beside a window and now it's all melted 
I forgot the feeling of pain after a long period of stress... 
I forgot the time 
i forgot this was coming on... 
I forgot to adjust the a/c before I went to bed so I just woke up all sweaty and hot. Gross 
I forgot to bring my mom's pie to work. no sweets for me today 
I forgot to call about jury duty...FCK I'm going to jail 
I forgot to call someone at 12  F-M-L
I forgot to charge my cell last night and now it's dead 
I forgot to do my #squarespace today...too late since it's past 5pm 
I forgot to have dinner. It's a bit late now 
I forgot to mention that this sickness makes me dizzy. Aaaaaaaaaaaaa! This truly isn't fun. 
I forgot to par boil the potatos! Oops!  dinner is going to be AGES!!!
I forgot to post THE PROPOSAL clips last week  http://themovierambler.blogspot.com/2009/06/proposal-opening-tomorrow-clips-online.html
I forgot to put Emery on my Ipod 
I forgot to put on deodorant...again...shut up @francefalcon! . . . I also forgot a jacket. I'm cold 
I forgot to say I got horribly sick while I was in Mexico. No it's not Swine flu. Which I know makes @Paradox621 horribly depressed 
I forgot to set the movie awards on my dvr and I'm at work. Now I'm mad. 
I forgot to sign up for summer school  Hello gym class.
I forgot to take a picture of al 
I forgot to take pictures today... 
I forgot to turn off my alarm. 
I forgot to tweet about how sad it is that Costello has left  He was Australia's only hope.
i forgot to tweet about the most important thing ever.. I am voiceless at the moment  No voice, not even the ability to say &quot;beep&quot; not fun
i forgot to tweet that i saved a dogs life today! literally.. it was walking in middle of busy road   i actually...
i forgot to watch 90210 
i forgot where did i put my films (for photo) :s I CAN'T MAKE BIGGER PICS!!! 
I forgot...reformatting my PC deleted all my Internet fave links...and also my NKOTB desktop background  Thought it be on NKOTB..nope
I fought Jered to the death to avoid a wet willy.. but he got me anyway.  Q is coming over.. bike ride?
I found 14 awesome bursuries that apply to me. Only 6 of them aren't past their closing date for entries, though..  
I found a dead baby opossum in the garage. Playing 'possum too well. 
I found a spider in my bed. I don't wanna get back in it now. 
I found a thorpe park brochure from 2004 whilst looking for a revision notebook. I'm jealous that annual passes used to be ï¿½80 
i found another one! i just found a daddy long legs in my house again  what the heck?! i never see spiders! 2 in one day is creepy.
I think i might have eaten a bit too much of mum's apple pie stuff and had a bit too much cream 
I think I might have made a mistake by quitting 
i think i might just go to bed if a certain someone doesn't start making sense, no matter how much it pains me 
i think i might miss &quot;someone&quot; tonight!   ... ok... time to go out now!!!
I think I mis-measured Lolly's mouthplate. The gasket rubber won't lay down flat when I put the plate in the puppet head. 
i think i miss going to schoooooooooooooooool 
I think i missed up another stylista episode 
I think I mite hate twitter  (sigh)
I think I need a nap... 
I think I need a new office chair...my back is killing me today 
i think i need a new seat for my bike cuz the one i have now hurts my ass 
I think I need some Filipino soup. House of Sisig is so far though 
I think i need some new friends 
i think i need to buy a gig of ram for my imac.  it seems to lag. shitty.
I think I need to buy a new lap top..  It's acting like an obese.  I fed it too many files and now it's getting slow and about to die.. 
I think i need to change my body clock or  surely, I'll wake up alone tommorow again 
i think i need to find myself a new friend to see 3oh!3 with me...dam 
I think I need to get off twitter...SPOILERS! *GASP*  The show is going to be SOOOOOOOOO spoiled for me.
i think i need to go  of course i wanna stay but i've been on since afternoon. which means i need to do hw now. i'll look for best friend
i think i need to go back to not getting paid.. i have a compulsion... i spend way too much money on such lovely things! 
I think I need to go to the doc 
I think I need to head off again- still havent slept yet   Ta Ta for now.
I think I need to invent a minus scale to describe my current training motivation 
I found my old account in myspace and i can switch it to profile editor 1.o Yeahs awesome! so yeah i have myspace now. but it's empty yet 
I found my wallet. It was in my closet? Now I have lost my precious camera! I keep losing things. 
I found myself basking in the sunshine at Perth races last evening and a free bar, but I had to drive  (down ï¿½10 on bets)
I found out  that I might not get no money this trip to New York  
i found out i didn't get the job, immediately went to sleep,and thought it was dream when i woke up. #it'snot 
i found out my parents were arguing about me  at least my mom was sticking up for me
i found out some disturbing things about the girlies at the solar boat competition...very disappointing!!! 
I found out Sonic food doesn't agree with me anymore. And we just got one 
I found out that everyone likes online applications.........Unfortunately this was after 2 blisters and an all day hunt! 
i found out that reading &quot;new moon&quot; in his english version is not easy. 
I found out tonight that the Cedar Point trip will be postponed and we're not sure until when but it might be after classes start. 
I found some shoes. Shame they don't have them in my size. Size 9 is too common to keep extra stock it seems 
I found somebody interesting on youtube then when I did a Wikipedia search I've found they died 9 years ago. I now feel a little sad 
I found the graduate program I want to attend! Unfortunately, it's apparently next to impossible to get in.  http://www.media.mit.edu/
I FOUND THE KEVIN G RAP! (totally going to memorize this for Miss Felice and gangsta and spirit boys) still wishing for that toga party 
I found the most perfect camera strap... for $70 
I found THE perfect place, but NO parking and on my high end!  
i think i over react when it comes to money... i really need to stop this obsession with saving it its not healthy 
I think I picked the wrong time to try to quit smoking. 
I think I puked on these pants before and forgot to wash them. 
I think I pulled a muscle in my arm during my workout this morning. My arm hurts 
I think I pulled a muscle in my stomach. I really don't know how. Hurts like hell though 
I think I pulled a pectoral muscle.  And no, I'm not kidding.  
I think I realized I have ADD and it keeps me from falling asleep even when I am exhausted which is frustrating. 
I think I saw Fonz this morning!! Too busy to be tweeting today to do list is 2 sides of A4  Toodles!
I think I scared the little mouse at the Exploratorium, and hassled the snail trying to make it move faster 
i think i shall head for a walk.needs 2 b long as hav put 3 pounds back on  lots of exercise next week 2 mek up 4 fuk all this week!!!!!!!
i think i should buy a 4th CD towel, i've got around 20 cds that haven't any place to be tidy 
I think I should go outdoors more often... I miss sunlight.. 
I think I should hire one of those tranlsators.. because no one ever understands me.... 
I think I should maybe get up but I really can't be bothered  might go shopping for a few things for going out tonight.
I think I should not have slept all day... I was sooo exhausted though 
I think I should start doing my revision 
I think I smell like a french fry, and I'm not even @ work yet! 
i think i sort of flunked my statistics practical test. 
I think I spent more of May sick then not. And holy wow. 25 days til back surgery. I'm crazy scared 
I think I spoke too early...getting cloudy now 
I think I sprained my ankle 
I think i sprained my pinky last night  Its swollen and its hurting. Aww man.
i think i sprained my right knee 
i think i still have an ear infection... 
i think i strained my ankle a week or so ago, it's bugging the crap out of me. and next week is a week of hiking in the woods 
i think i tmay be dinner time....  sigh
I think I tore something in it and deffs bruised my back! This is going to be a very painful sleep 
I found these o so cute kittens and they look so scared and sad and I feel o so bad about it if I had my own place I would take them in 
I freakin hate this CBA! Two more paragraphs to go.. Until I'm done with my RD. 
I freakin hate when we argue. This is not how i expected the night to end  Good night twitter....
I freakin' miss my bestieeee. 
I freakin' missed SNL! sorry JT   One last essay to finish. . . .freakin' senior project!
I freaking cut open my foot! I think my new shoes are cursed 
I freaking hate sun burns!!!!! 
i freaking lov exeats. i get to chill at home for a whole two and a half days! but i have to go home early  aw well gotta enjoy it  xxx
i frequently have sad moments; all the time 
I friggin stink of booze n smoke -- aarghhh oh my clean sheets  x
I friggin Woke up Late  Missed Finals for 1st Period. Watching E3 2009. Where is Anthony I hope he didn't do anything stupid Worried 
i fucked my ankle up sometime today and now it's just hurting worse... i don't know what i did 
I fucken HATE HATE discount cards pple find the need to do separate transactions&amp;Pass the fuckin card around! :@ Ps no train or hot buns 
i fucking forgot my flickr password so i had to create a new account  http://www.flickr.com/photos/hoyitsrich
i fucking hate algebra mcas math will suck tomorrow  &gt;:[
I FUCKING HATE EDUCATION  I dont wanna go back to that place.
I fucking hate my life... why do I always have health problems? Just left the doctors office because they handed me over to the hospital 
I FUCKING HATE PEOPLE ;_; Seriously, what fucking twat would try to pull someone out the car, threaten them and them fucking follow them? 
I fucking hate red lobster so much. Good night 
I fucking hate spiders  1 down 6565326 more likely to go
I fucking hate the rain 
I fucking killed my cat today!  Ran over her head when I was leaving for work... FUCK!  This sucks!!!   I'm fucking devastated!!! 
i fucking miss him so much 
i fucking miss my bestfriend, havent seen her in over a year 
i fukin hate maths 
I full on hate maths  Darn GCSE's :'(
I think I tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  I'm getting old.
i think i tweet 2 much..  haha i have nooooo life
I think I understand why my aunt's Norwegian Forest Cat became so mean. Poor Joey, I wish he wasn't put to sleep. 
I think I upset my best friend 
I think I use exclamation points too much. I also miss Ty 
I think i was meant for bigger things that to just write reports and admin work  who wants to make me a super model?
I think I will go to bed now... I feel sick... 
I think I will hold off on getting the iPhone 3GS. Too many issues no MMS as per ATT and no tethering 
I think I,ll have some sushi for lunch. I feel a little bit alone in here .... 
I think if I didn't have my computer, I would never talk to any of my friends, god... what happened to me  I became so lame.
I think Ikea has discontinued the Ivar bookshelves.    Can anybody confirm this?  Their website isn't showing their product pages...
i think i'll do my English homework in the afternoon. an essay about macbeth  good work shakespeare but i hate essays
I think ill give him another chance.. But not right now like noow im confused.. 
I think i'll go over some iPhone app video reviews before doing any more, i don't want to get far only to find that I have to re-do them 
I think ill gooooo to schoool now !! 
i think i'll never find a perfect twitterbackround for me  sad !
I gained 4 lbs this week 
I gained a pound and a half last night.. is that even possible? 
I gave blood today &amp; now my arm aches 
I gave in....I'm eating wendy's 
I gave it a few to be sure, but it totally sucks. Apple keyboard keys are much mushier now then the one I bought in Feb. Mediocre at best 
I gave the dogs a bone each. Mimi has hidden hers and pinched Dude's. Poor The Dude 
I gave these back later that night as @ApeO13 was face planting the concrete  http://twitpic.com/7vdoz
I gave up on the router. It's just not going to work with my external until the new firmware.  Means my desktop is now a file server. 
I gave up on tumblr because the API isn't pointing to the private account 
i get 4 hours of sleep tonight 
I get a app 523 error on my BB.. have to completely wipe it. Sad 
I get a little sad when i come home and my roommates are gone 
i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now.. 
I get all there You tube videos from JBYouTube how can I watch cherubs boot camp  #BringJBYouTubeBack
I get an ache down my little finger across the edge of my ahnd when I use the laptop mouse pad too much 
I get another pack of geography test, so I have to correct it on the weekend. 
I get distracted really, really easily. I can't get into this coursework 
I get jealous of EverQuest 2 players (shinyglowyweapons!) until I notice they all look like waxen corpses. No wonder they wear helmets 
I get left at the house while brittany sj George darnell sat ash tracy tasha sarah tail and 15 others leave and go out. Oveaseas alcohol 
I get more spammers commenting on my blog than anything 
I get my guitar tommorow. It's been getting fixed. I miss my baby 
i get my license and plates pulled the next time this sherriff sees me if i dont get everything up to date but its money i dont have 
I think I'll sleep already? Aww, birthday's ovah soon. 
i think im 2 young to be @ this place 
I think im about the only teenage girl on earth who didn't watch the MTV movie awards last night... lol i meant to dvr it! 
I think I'm about to break my own heart. (as emo as that sounds)... meh. 
I think I'm actually dying xD my throat hurts so much I don't wanna leave the house 
I think I'm actually getting sick 
I think I'm afraid to date b/c of what one might complain about behind my back. Not only am I shy &amp; awkward, I'm now overly self-concious 
I think I'm alergic to gnat bites. They now look like dark purple bruises.  I've started watching the Drew Carey Show. Good Stuff.
I think I'm all orgasmed out 
I think im all prettyfied up, but my hair is being a bitch 
I think I'm allergic to something I'm using, cause my face is itchy and red.  FML.
i think i'm an alcoholic. 
I think I'm bad... since 26/05  I taked Ice Cream so much during the night before the show, and I screamed so much, i'll be fine! McFlyer
I think I'm becoming friends with someone I don't really want to be friends with.  I hate it when this happens... 
I think I'm becoming weak with my web skills 
I think I'm calling it a night - my cold just came flying back! 
I think I'm catching a cold 
I think I'm catching a cold... 
I think im coming down with a cold 
i think i'm coming down with a cold 
I think I'm coming down with a cold  this sucks!!!!
I think I'm coming down with something  *sniff*
I think I'm coming down with someting 
I think I'm cursed today 
I think I'm developing an eating disorder...  Like I'm hungry but for some reason I just can't wanna swallow the food... O.o
I think im dyin. But i don't wanna go to the doctor. Moms gonna make me 
I think i'm dying. 
I think I'm dying. God really didn't think things through when he made women this way 
I think im dying...i have a lump under my chin and it hurts 
I think I'm eating dinner alone tonight. 
i think i'm finally on hawaii time. omg i'm tired. also have the worst headache 
I think I'm getn sick 
i think im gettin sick AGAIN. im coughin up a lung and when i do my chest burns   GREAT!
i get ppl following me and then they stop anthen diff ppl follow haha its not fun  even tho i laff :p i wonder if any1 even reads this
I get sangria tomorrow. And I have been reminded how much I love 60s music. And I don't want @violetvine to go on holiday 
I get scared of myself when I cannot stop thinking about my weight 
i get so distracted... 
I get so sadevery year at Father's Day  My dad has been gone for 18 yrs now.
I get super stressed when I have to teach Relief Society... in Chinese. 
i get the feeling that the new synchronization feature of tweetdeck is not working. at least not with me and between linux and windows 
I get the feeling that today could be a little bit 'testing' .... 
I get to hang out with 21 3rd, 4th &amp; 5th Graders today, and its supposed to be the hottest day today  . . .I know everyone is jealous
I get to see Bradie in 40 days. I wish it would come faster 
I get to see my favorite toddler today! But it's under bad circumstances: his baby bro is in the ER for a high fever . 
I get to sleep on the floor tonight  i hate this hotel right now!
I get to work 74 hours this week, thanks Lucinda! 
i get told nothing *folds arms* 
I get up at 7 am now  I am jealous.
I get very nervous whenever I hear of plane crashes, given that my li'l bro is a freshly minted pilot  Iffy territory, it seems.
I getting fed up of washing his car in the rain 
i giiiiive up! 
I give in to easily 
I give this movie two thumbs down 
I give up I CANNOT get the #squarespace to show up highlighted 
I give up on the Denver Broncos and other things.   I figure it is all pointless my heart is broken.    No Broncos tickets!  &quot;-(
i give up trying to have  god birthday. Hmph 
i give up! 
i give up! i did everything i could 
I GIVE UP! Nothing I do in life seems to be right. Nothing ever lasts more than a day for me. 
I give up, I'm going to bed.. I wonder if someone'll carry me to my room... My legs hurts 
i give up, tennis. i give up. 
I give up. Format c: 
i give uppp a hour of tryin to tlk to @mitchelmusso  i love him but my minutesss lol
I' glad #pp09 is broadcasted online!  To bad it doesn't work on my laptop 
I GO AWAY TO SLEEPING, I NEED MY NICK IN ORDER THAT WARM ME, BECAUSE I HAVE VERY MUCH I FRY      :'(
I go back to before 
I go back to home!! It was very nice but not so long 
I go back to the city this evening. That means back to work tomorrow 
I go back to the nasty today 
I go to the restroom &amp; my empty bottles are stolen   http://twitpic.com/6oz23 I was shooting for 4 bottles. TGIF
I googled my name to find it was not as unique as I thought it was. 
I GOR 9Min'S UNTIL I LEAVE YALL . .   SMH 
I got 12hrs of sleep last night but I'm still too sick to go to church 
I got 3 new albums on my iPod,black eye peas, the new Winsin y Yandel &amp; Beyonce...YAY!!..all thanks to my X-LOVE LOL!! aww I miss him 
i got 3 teeth pulled 4 braces, it hurt soooo badly...nd it hurts sooooooooooo much rite now!!!   
I got 7 shot's  im okay oh i just saw a grandma rockin a grill haha the cutiest thing ever! Now off too get taco bell. Then HOME! &lt;3.
i got a 44   everyone help mykionna !! im starting the movement cause her test got messed up when she clicked submit!
i got a 72 on my history final  im upset.
I got a 85% on one of my tests.../wrists 
I got a a 2 hour flight from Seattle to San Francisco, then a 3 hour drive to Lake Tahoe. This is gonna hurt 
i got a bad score !  cry cry
i got a baddd tooth ache  its really sore
I got a bite on my leg! Itchyyyyy!! 
i got a bug bite on my butt 
I got a bukol from from hitting my head on the corner of the table after seeing 'Daniel Henney' at the Fossil Cafe! Plus, my feet hurt. 
i got a bump on my head and it really hurts  random bump...dont know how it got there...what a mystery
I got a C- on my first test, damn it. Guess I need to study harder. 
I got a ceramic cut  my fingerrrrrrrr. were dealing with glass here. lol
I got a cold  But I went to Gyobook Store and bought two books. One is &quot; Bad samaritans&quot; and the other is &quot;Lincoln, the unknown&quot;.
I got a cold last weekend. I am still suffering from it. 
I GOT A COLD!!   
I got a cool pair of kookies too. I wanted that cool belt but it was too big 
I got a countdown untill school starts why does it have to start so soon my birthday is 3days before school starts 
I got a crack in my iPod 
I got a effin ticket on my bday!!! Ugh my day is runined!!! I'm soooo sad now.. Lowkey bout to cry. 
I got a f@*kin virus that even malwarebytes can't get rid of. Have to reformat my PC.  New blogs on hold.
i got a freakin macbook!!!!! hoorayyy! but i freakin deleted phootbooth. 
i got a freaking virus and am missing free comic book day. 
I got a full eight hours of sleep lastnight. I didn't even know that much sleep was allowed my industry  now watching Sunday cartoons....
i got a haircut and a hairstraight, and am super excited to go back to irvine tomorrow YEE!!! but sad for my mom. 
i got a haircut, i felt like that guy on the &quot;Last Samuri&quot; who was forced to have his ponytail cut off. 
I got a headache  ouch!
i got a heavy headache 
I got a horrible, huge blood blister on my heel a couple weeks ago, now it's callused over. I guess it'll be there forever. 
I got a little tan and I hate it I wish I didnt tan so easily 
i got a little teary eyed... 
I got a lot done today, the garage is full of stuff to sale. I miss my daddy though, I haven't seen him in a week. 
I got a massive shoulder cramp trying to take off my jacket 
I got a new bag today with the Xmen team on it with mohawks. It rocks. Phoenix looks like a punk butch lesbian. I have a sore throat. 
I got a new bikini and I really want someone to go swimming with now 
I got a notice from the school saying soon I will leave CPH and the dorm...as if I needed further reminding.  *sniff*
I got a package today!! But the office is closed....  I think its my mp3 player I bought off @woot !
I got a paltry 3 out of 12 right today   I need to study the endgame (pawn endings) a lot more.
i got a rash on my legs  fuck that shit!!!
I got a refund for my Maker Faire ticket 
I got a review for DD on THF out of nowhere  and on THUS I'm being reminded it's been four months since I updated 
i got a sore tummy  i think i ate too much...
I got a stomach ache 
i got a stomach ache  didn go to skool today!!!
I got a terrible headche now 
I got a tummy ache. 
i got a vaccine today and my arm is throbbing. boo. 
I got a very very bad cold 
I got a Viva Pinata game :] And Animal Crossing for my DS. They didn't have Princess Debut 
I got a wii for my birthday.  But it's hard.  
I got a youtube comment from Shane Dawson!  .....but he wasn't happy with me 
i got absolutely no food at home  and Kaufland is too far... (k, it's not far, but i'm too lazy to go out) :S
I got an exam on Saturday morning, what a weird day for an exam 
i got another vote in each for @tommcfly and @gfalcone601 but then the site froze on me again..  sad times. i obviously have no live. xD
I got attacked by a bird today 
i got Aventura's new album.. luv it &lt;3 k bachataso coÃ±o.. i wanna go to dr 
I got boo boos.  twittering with a cit on your thumbtip hurts.
I Got Boyfriend problems 
i got burned by the iron. it hurts so bad 
I got burned on the sunbed today      
I got burnt to an uber crisp 
i got burnt yesterday  going to put sunscreen on before i go walk the dogs today
i got called into work  
I got called old by a boy today  well, more of wearing an old hat. Im not buying another beanie cause my fringe is too short!  blah!
i got caught fukkin stealing a pizza from safeway an hour ago 
I got caught givin a dude my blackberry to put his #. My life is over.  goodnite!
I got chocolates but theyre not for me  Have to give them to my sister.
i got colds. 
i got completely soaked today, planned to buy some cards for my dad and had to go back home - what a weather 
I got contact today. It took fixed my night vision and depth perception problem. But, now I need reading glasses. Ugh! Getting old sucks 
i got coursework too do boring and hard  as soon as m over and done with it ill be alot happier
I got daaark  super tired and hungry. Feeeed me.
i got darker!!  because of d lousy sun... 
i got discontented from the 1vs100 beta 
I got Disgaea and Suikoden III in the mail today. I was excited until I found out my sister has somehow misplaced my PS2 memory card. 
I got ditched at the game  a mother's life is never easy and demands understanding and flexibility
i got drenched by my mates who all went swimming then group hugged me 
i got drenched by the rain in pe . and my hair went curly 
i got eatin byyy bugs and i was only outside for like 10 minutes. 
I got enough sleep but still tired. Don't want to work today. 
i got every tv on tuned into my band... there's a lil bit of a delay in the office 
I got excited when I saw a bag in the place cookies usually live (when I get them). Unfortunately it was just my new prescription 
I got gas.  And the antacids aren't working. I should take some more...
I got Gorilla Glue on my arm. 
i got HELLAAA burnt today!  
I got hiccups again 
i got hit in the face and now i have a black eye  lol
I got hit on my bike. I was recklessly cruising through a stop sign. So was he, turning right sans blinker. Half my fault, but still: ow. 
i got home after hanging out wth my friends, and i just can say that itÂ´s been so hard to say goodbye ..iÂ´ll miss all of this 
i got homeworks to do. 
I got hungry so so so fast.  Especially when a lot of people tweet about food here.
I got hungry sorry  she cried! ( I guess it hurt her! Lol....this is getting out of hand!
i got hurt  and it hurts 
i got ice cream on my elbow....i tried to wipe it and got on my shirt...i always get in sticky situations  lol
I got in a fight with my boyfriend/soul mate and left now he's gone. God damn it. I hate fighting with him, it's so lame. 
i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh 
I got in stupid fights with everyone I love the most yesterday... I fail at life. 
I got in the pool with my phone im my pocket and now it dosent work... 
i got internet again and now everybody is too busy 2 talk 2 me. 
I got into a fender bender!  A guy backed into my HHR.  It was my very first accident...and now my car has a boo boo.  
I got into a fight with this guy Jack Daniels. Needless to say, Jack won. 
I got it at the beginning of the season, but I haven't been babysitting as I have footy and lots of schoolwork and physical therapy 
I got it figured out. No phone until August 
I got jabbed twice by the needle in both arms and no dice. my veins aren't giving up any blood today  sorry red cross
i got karaoke-dumped. again.  i hope at least a few people actually show up this week!
I got kicked at the show 
I got laughed at for requesting july 15 off work to see harry potter: hbp.  i &lt;3 harry potter &amp; this is going is be the best one yet.
i got locked out my carrrr  had to call a lock smith. - $35.00
i got lots of homework to do  so goodbye twitter for a while(again)
I got me a pretty new toy its called an LG Neon. I am kinda in a shitty mood though. 
I got mistaken for @zackalltimelow during James' Modcam chat.  Wtf? Think I need to make a new Modlife account....
I got money on this series. If Orlando loses the 'ship I gotta buy lunch for my coworker for a week 
I got most of my gardening done this weekend, but I didn't get to spend any time on my photography 
I got moved to Strayer today... No more WyoTech or Virginia College 
I got my bottom wisdom teeth out last summer, and now my top ones are coming in! Massive headache 
I got my braces tightened yesterday &amp; now it hurts to eat.. 
I got my brothers phone  No more twitterberry 
I got my computer about three weeks ago and I am already defragmenting it. 
I got my copy of Lines Vines and Trying Times it's amazing i'm still trying to open it though  I will get it open though!
i got my feet sunburnt today and it is the most painful thing i have ever experienced. 
I got my guy 2 pissed off-I was just playin tho  Sorry boo...
I got my heart broke saturday when i was laying my brothers ashes down over a text message. Jerk much? 
i got my high lights but they barley show 
i got my maths gcse 2day 
I got my mini baby pc!!! It's not pink though 
I got my new Sony Ericsson W715 Silver not black  This weekend: read manual, transfer stuff from old cell - oh how I miss Siemens phones!
I got my printer  Still waiting for laptop 
i got my tattoo re-touched the other day and Tadpole freaking dug her little claw in it 
I got my usual request for work 2day 'I want you to do something (dont know what) somewhere by sometime' and I go 'more specific please' 
I got myself into a giant mess. There's no way I can get out of this one. Cryying my eyes out 
i got no followers i only have like 2  someone follow Me please?
I got nothing accomplished today that I wanted to get done.... 
i got of &quot;work&quot; (babysitting) early........... just chillin and trying to get my dang profile pic to show uo. grrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
i got on the wrong carriage. There's a dude on the other one doing awesome yoyo tricks. But i cant really see them from here 
I got out of bed because I saw @cedupre had twittered so I thought she was up, but she's still sleeping (or pretending to sleep). 
i got over the crush issue but now tomorrow my friend is going to india for the whole summer  im back to being sad.
I got overexcited about pizza and burned my mouth. 
I got owneddddd 
I got paid holiday pay and I wasn't even here! Didn't even put it on my time card I said something to someone else who didn't, feel bad. 
i got paint on my hair 
I got really burnt today and it's not fun 
I got really good sleep last night (fell asleep at 11pm after being woke for 24hours) but I'm still tired 
I got really sick this morning.  Thank goodness for green tea and Tylenol.  All better.
i got sad whenever i goin to shut my lexxy dunn0 wut to expect later 
I got scolded 
I got selected for extra security  just my luck
I got sent home 
I got sent home from School. Nearly Fainted in R.E  I felt so ill  I Still Do  X
I got shampoo in my eye 
i got slow internet connection in exchange of rain 
i got so drunk i threw up ..  .. now im laying down waiting for my husband to get home from the hospital ..[BR@$K!] ..
I got SO excited for this phone coming today. Problem? I'm working 12-4 and 4:30 till whenever. I'm not even gonna get it till tonight 
I got so excited when I heard the theme to Pokemon in Sainsburys. I'm approaching my mid 20's 
I got so high I puked a zinger 
I got so upset my stomach kills.  lord help me
I think im gettin sick!!  ughhhh
I think I'm getting a cold  last week ofschool till exams.
i think im getting a cold and going to lose my voice 
I think I'm getting a new phone today... Hopefully. 
I think I'm getting car sick 
I think im getting sick 
I think I'm getting sick 
i think im getting sick  ...noooo. -.-
I think I'm getting sick  I can't feel the phlegm starting to bulid it up my throat. Eww that's gross. Hahahahaha
i think i'm getting sick and i wish i had someone to baby me 
I think I'm getting sick!!  NOOooo!!
I think im getting sick, my stomach hurts and throat kills 
I think I'm getting sick.  i'm all sneezey.
I think i'm getting sick. Fab. So i'm going to sleep. My ears hurt.  goodnight! Goodluck to my kittycatgf! ;) meow.
I think I'm getting sick. This is definitely the fault of @swgs. 
I think i'm getting the hang of this... why am i updating though? no is following me   
i think im getting worse 
I think I'm giving up for today. 
I think I'm goin to go to bed even though I'm not done packing for Jesus camp 
I think I'm going back to to Hotel Cafe tomorrow to see Greg Laswell! Even though I wish I was going back to see Sam tonight! 
i think im going crazy. i've never thought this much about you since... 
I think i'm going to be sick soon. 
I think I'm going to bed... Tired don't feel good. 
I think I'm going to cry 
i think im going to cry while watching the New Moon trailer. 
I think i'm going to die old alone and with cats 
I think im going to get into Big Brother this year 
I think I'm going to go back to sports! Considering it seriously...I have to admit, I miss it; not the only thing I miss - His smile! 
I think I'm going to have a bath in a bit. I haven't had a bath in some time now and I miss it 
I think I'm going to have a depressed day today...for some reason... 
I think I'm going to have to give up and go to the doctor. I've been dizzy, had headaches, hot flashes, and nausea as well as some pain.  
I think I'm going to have to keep Tom inside... he just got in another massive fight with Salem, fur flying everywhere... blood.  
I think I'm going to miss #masterchef tonight... 
I think I'm going to miss the post office... But if I'd gotten out when I first stopped, I could have walked there by now! Crap 
I think I'm going to read... and then sleep-- work at 8am  
i think i'm going to stay in bed all day cause i'm ill and it hurts everytime i move. 
I think I'm going to throw up 
i think i'm going to throw up  #LVATT JOEL BETTER BUY ME #LVATT I'M PROB. GOING TO LOOSE SOO MANY FOLLOWERS #LVATT
I think I'm going to throw up any minute. I dunno.. I just feel really bad. 
I think I'm going to turn in early for tonight. I'm not feeling so good... 
I think I'm going up a size with all the eating I've been doing lately 
I think im gona make a sandwhich... Oh yea &amp; P.S i miss you 
i think i'm gonna be sick 
i think im gonna cry  6 PAGES! i hat my teacher SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much
I think Im gonna cry .... 
i think im gonna cry, where is the love? 
i think im gonna get sick 
I think i'm gonna go to bed, had a headache all day &amp; nothing would help it, got be up at 8 tomorrow anyway  bye have a great night every1
i think i'm gonna have a fever. 
I think im gonna have to go to the hospital tomm &amp; hey it surgically removed  im seriously freaking out
i think im gonna help Allie out with housesitting...im scared of the big bad storm that awaits me tonight!!  cant be alone for it! 
I think I'm gonna hurl. Yuck. 
I think i'm gonna lose it my twitter fam. Tell my mom i loved her, and my sis the same. I wasn't built to survive a twitter lag  .
I think I'm gonna start replying @ddlovato that she is ungrateful apparently she only replies to those 
I think I'm gonna try to go vegetarian again....and no soda and majorly cutback on beer...too many carbs....but its so yummyyy 
i think im gonna try to have a few hours sleep then wake up at 12! then bank and get on with stuff boo 
i think im gonna wear my Camp Rock t-shirt later for luck.. we'll go to the dentist. im scared 
i think i'm guna cry YouTube Sort it out 
i think im gunna puke 
i think im having a caffeine withdrawal headache... 
I think I'm ill ^.^ NOOO  I've got cold &amp; my nose hurts because of the handkerchiefs! I think I'm gonna watch TV,lie in my bed &amp; drink Tea
I think I'm in love with Mark Twain. And Cappy. Hahha. the greek finale was amazing. I can't believe it ended like that though. 
I think im in the process of catching a cold  NEED VITAMINS! HA. Got so so much homework. Jim Dine, essay, study notes etc. AH 
I think I'm just going to eat until I forget about this. 
I think I'm not the only who 4gets I'm a Mommy 
I think I'm now on my sabbatical #comedown It had to happen  #backtoreality 
I think im out of good places to apply  I may have to lower my standards.
i think i'm ready to give up the idea of running ubuntu on my macbook.  i'll give it another try in october when 9.10 gets released. *sad*
i think i'm really bad at trivia 
i think im sick  my stomach hurts so bad  im going to go to the doc on thursday and get blood work done ya 
I think I'm sick. Fuck. 
i think im sick. got cough 
I think I'm sick.... 
I think i'm still sick. i keep feeling worse and worse 
I think i'm suffering from insomnia 
I think im the only one awake now! Boooo 
I think I'm the only one that actually feels sorry for @PerezHilton 
i think i'm the only tweep left in boise that has NOT met @wendiegoneferal IRL. 
I think I'm thinking too much  I've been laying here, trying to get to sleep, and I can't even though I'm superrr tired. :/
I think I'm too retarded for twitter  I don't really get the point of all this
I think I'm too sick for John Green!  http://tinyurl.com/l8a4zn
I think I'm turning in, now that the reggae has shut down.  how considerate that they wanted to share with everyone in a 5 block radius 
i think im using sagas wrong. 
I think i'm way more awake than I should be this early, so excited to go out tonight, not so excited about $$$ and lack of iPhone 
i think ima pass out already and i only been workin for 20 mins 
I think imma lay in bed today, my body is hurting 
I think it is bad form to retweet a tweet removing the @ attribution, not the done thing 
I think it is so sad that Sam Beckett never made it home.   #fb
I think it is time for me to climb the wooden hill to bedforshire 
I think it is time my roommate and I got our dogs fixed bc I can't take any more nights being up listening to constant whining! No sleep= 
I think it is wrong for people to make a public display of their &quot;well-to-do&quot; lifestyles.  It really irritates me 
I think it will take me another day to complete  i might have to leave my laptop on again =(
I think itâ€™s coffee time. Or donut(s) time. Possibly both! Too bad the Dunkinâ€™ Donuts iPhone app is a piece of crap. 
i think its &quot;mission&quot;ary all the way...im really down....  hope i get well soon...then il rock ya ;)
I think it's a wet race 
I think it's a wrap on this pc....won't let me download nothing! 
I think it's about time I get up, make lunch and strat getting ready for work!!! I'm working until 2.30am... 
I think it's cool that the wood saw on the knife my bride gave me for Christmas works so well. Did chores this morning: sweaty now. 
I think it's cuz I was underground on bart. And now I'm workin til late 
I think its dead 
i think it's going to be a long night at work 
I think it's going to rain all day. 
I think its gonna be one of them days!!!! UGH! 
I think it's ridiculous how I'm always the bad guy in these situations. No one ever wants to give the teenager any credit. Fml today. 
I think it's sad that Count Chocula drinks the blood of chocolate bunnies. 
I think it's safe to say I'm going to be single for the rest of my life 
I think it's technically harder to relax then work. It's so easy to fill your day, but difficult to keep it empty. Studying for #LARE 
I think it's time for bed, my head feels like it's been smashed in with a hammer 
I think it's time for the couch. These kittens woke me up by attacking my feet yet again.  they need homes stat.
I think it's time to go back on the headache meds  this is the 3rd headache in 3 days!
i think its time to pull the goalie 
I think it's time to sleep, but I couldn't sleep... I'm so sad 
i think iv hurt my tooth  and eilish and cassie are having a drawing competiton to draw cookies and pineapples haha :L .
i think ive been on my laptop for too long  my eyes r tired and come to think of it ive been on it as much as a person couldsince i got it
I think i've broke my ankle 
I think I've broke my nose .. Thts my toe and my nose in the same week 
I think I've burnt my eyeballs  They sting like crazy.
I think I've canceled my ATT service (fingers crossed they didn't make a mistake)....now I have to go back to time warner 
I think I've caught a cold ..   
I think I've caught whatever flu bug is going around.  Took some chesty cough &amp; headed to bed. Goodnight folks!
I think I've chipped a tooth 
I think I've developed a headache/hangover from this afternoon's Vicodin. 
I think I've forgotten how to sleep 
I think I've got a headache :| Making it hard to do school stuff 
I think I've got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings 
I think I've gotten 6 hours of sleep the past 3 nights(:... 
I think ive had an allergic reaction  Help!
I think I've had my fill of poop today with two little ones and a puppy there is more than enough to go around. 
I think I've had way too much tea today. 
I think i've just fucked something up that could have been so good for me 
I think I've lost my will to tweet. I'm now a statistic 
I think I've lost who I am and I don't like it  I want me back please.
I think i've really upset @artistiquemeg. I'm sorry hun.  *hugs*
I think I've totally HOSED ArcGIS Server 9.3.1 on my laptop 
i think jordan knight was injured. just got bak from the cleveland show. he could barely bend his back. he didnt look happy  
I think just @ilzahelena will understand what I'm feeling now 
I think kevin gave me a sty. 
i think kp is online.. but too bad i cant talk to him 
I think last night was one of the best nights sleep ive gotten in a loong time! That tells you how rarely I sleep well... 
I think later today I will &quot;try&quot; to make a background  for this twitter.  Okay I'm done, back to that stove.  
I think LFP's gone! 
I think Lindsay Lohan nicked my watch last night. 
I think ma moms mad @ me for the ppl and music last night  can't have &quot;my heart&quot; mad @ me! Gotta go sweet talk her!
I think Max (my cat) may really be gone 
I think Mickey gave me Mouse Flu 
I think mt baby is sleepy 
I think my #connect360 gave up the ghost.  I cannot seem to get music or photos on my #xbox360 anymore from the #iMac 
I think my 6yr old has broken a bone in his hand   and summer has just begun!
I think my ankle is messed up  
i think my arm is infected... 
I think my baby is sick   http://twitpic.com/6g8ae
i think my baking powder is old, these cakes have no lift. should have made eggs 
I think my BB has finally had it  Will definitely be getting one in a few weeks.
I think my belief in the laguna hills pd has been restored ... THANK GOD they took care of it .. i was starting to feel like a target 
I think my big toe is going to fall off! Steel toed boots are not barefeet's friend. Ouchie! 
i think my boobs shrank since i lost all that weight last week ... *looks down* ... 
I think my boss is going to out bid me for the Viper I want... 
I think my brain is about to explode with confusion. Spanish homework is pointless and HARD 
I think my camera is b roken  #tragedy
I think my cars exhaust has lost one of it's strap thingies. 
I think my cat is bipolar. One minute she's purring and wants to be petted and the next she's clawing at me arm... my arm hurts now. 
I think my cell phone is dying 
i think my cold is getting worse, not better!!  i cant stop coughing - it really sucks!!
I think my computer is fried 
I think my dad just sent my call to voicemail 
i think my dinner plans just fell through...  so much for that PM burger...
i think my direct messages are failing. get notification i got one via Twihrl client.  I go to check them: GONE!  Check on Twitter, GONE!
I think my dog ate something bad  He's been throwing up a lot tonight
I think my Dog is sick.. taking him to the Vet today 
i think my DOG might have ate them 
I think my doggy's mad at me 
I think my earhole is screwed for eternity. But i don't wanna close it.  - http://tweet.sg
i think my ears are broke 
I think my elbow is fractured?             
I think my evil landlords stole my WallStreetJournal.  Uber sad because it has the crossword puzzle in it today 
i think my external HD with all my music on it just completely crapped out on me  not good not good at all #fb
I think my external HDD is dead  My star gate, gone!!!
I think my eyes were bigger than my stomach 
I think my fish Fiskulf might have become depressed, all he does is hang around on the bottom of the tank all day and barely eats! 
I think my flat iron is about to poop out.   this does not make me happy...
I think my foot might be broken 
i think my garden has more grass in it than parts of my front yard.  
I think my girlfriend would rather watch The Boondocks than talk 2 me.  Glad I didn't get her that season 2!
I think my glasses might be broken. I need new ones anyway, but I like these.  I'm also considering trying contacts, but I'm not sure. :/
I think my hamster is sick and i hate to see him like that 
i think my hands got burnt in the sun today,, they hurt 
I think my hangover decided to wait til today before it hit... 
i think my head it's about to explode! it hurts so much 
I think my heart just broke into a million little pieces.  To know is one thing, but to hear it come from their mouth is another...
I think my heart just broke...celts thinking if trading rondo ....why would you do that 
I think my iphone is already an antique 
I think my iPod has gone caput, it won't turn on, even when plugged in. I can't live without my iPod.  #fb
I think my ipod is breaking 
I think my iPod touch may be breaking itself. 
I think my ISP lied to me about their compatibility with the Wii 
i think my kitten is sick 
I think my kitty's gone evil 
i think my knuckle is infected 
I think my laptop won't last further than one more month 
i think my laptops been whiped 
I think my leg is dislocated  bon fire today and i get to see zooch
I think my lettuce might be bad! No salad for me @ lunch today!!?  I've been waiting all week to finally eat my salad.
i think my life is horrible 
I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals.. 
I think my mom hates me. A lot.  I can't wait for @heyheydoodle to come . I'll have an excuse to avoid her.
i think my mommy stood me up today...i'm not a happy beacher 
I think my next August call is going to be in six days  ughhhh
I think my pappy had some mello yellow dumped in it. 
I think my parents forgot about me 
I think my phone has decided to hate me  @howardgees I took the sim out n'everything
I think my phone is bein ugly again  last twat. Nighttt
I think my phone is done! I mean broke  Anyway Happy Mothers day MOM! Moms are the best!
I think my phone is dying a slow death, symptoms include freezing and major trackball issues  #sadblackberry
i think my phone just died 
i think my phone just died ... 
I think my plants are dying from the insane amount of heat. 
I think my point and shoot camera is dead! How am I going to take videos now? 
I think my power supply just died 
I think my scalp got sunburnt!  it hurrrrrrrts.
I think my scorpion is dying 
I think my show idea has gone to shit  @casecarr Well that sucks. What did you do?
I think my show idea has gone to shit  @casecarr Well that sucks. Why?
I think my son, desmond, has a heat rash.. his meds really get the best of him sometimes..  CAN WE FIND A CURE FOR EPILEPSY!? PLEASE!
I think my son's a left-hander 
I think my suitcase wants to kill me. He hit me  ... 
I think my summer santa has forgotten me 
i think my tanning day is canceled today  , its supposed to rain and its really sticky outside, but no sun! 
I think my team is gonna lose    Damn those Lakers and Kobe!
I think my throat is swollen. 
I think my toe really is broken 
I think my toe's broken. 
I think my twitter is broekn 
I think my twitter is broken 
i think my twitter life is coming to a close!  i'm missin out on all the talk! but i'm gettin paaaaaiiiiid!
I think my world is getting worst. what's happening? If I could just turn back the time that was so colorful and happy. 
I think Nature's gone bipolar. What happened with my 75 degrees?? 
i think nick santino is in arizona  i miss him
I think now my daughter has come down with the cold I just got over 
I think of wally dog everyday 
I think of you and cant help but fondle my meat ;) Good day, cant see kit till monday though  Kooks tomorroooooooow 
I think one of my ears is infected from getting them pierced the other day cause it hurts! 
I think one of my fishies is sick  Poor Cobalt :''(
i think one of my wisdom teeth is coming in.. my ear/jaw are killing me 
I think our neighbors are neglecting their cute dog! 
I think Paris Hilton should go somewhere in Chicago where I could actually meet her.  
I think people are confusing my poison ivy for domestic violence. Stranger looks than normal.  i'm going home.
I think people are more tired of the Mission Impossible franchise than Tom Cruise.
i think people should tweet me more :L  nobody tweets me  #
I think she jus shit her self  sad mouse
i think she left to church she didn't even say bye 
I think she's getting her molars. 3 are peeking through the gums and the 4th is almost through. No wonder she's been so pitiful. 
i think so too @fatfreeyay  call on jesus, he's everyone's homeboy
i think so, nurse @jellybeansoup ...it's tingley now. i couldn't find a doc leaf  like fudge do they grow together
I think somebody pressed my self destruct button 
I think somebody put a hex on me. The ghost of Mariah's voice has struck again!! Some1 needs to rub my tummy. 
I think someone broke into my car and stole my bag, sunshade and cd's..  Fuck this town.
I think someone put wayy too much flavouring in these hot Wotsits, they're actually burning my mouth 
i think someone should pay for me to go on holiday. Really need one lol 
I think somewhere in the world people were watching to something about Taylor swift on tv.  I'd like to watch it too.
i think start of something new was the only song zac did himself and it makes me sad. 
I think su will win 
i think susan boyle didnt want to win, bloody press fked her up. aw  anywho YAY diversity x
I think that @ddlovato should include england in her summer tour!! 
i think that canteen 1 is shit. &gt; 
I think that dances are ridiculously unnecissary. 
I think that either my CPU or motherboard is dead.  Less than a year old it is.
i think that i dont know what im doing... 
I think that Monday's are terrible!! Wish I could have stayed in bed a few more hours 
i think that my best friend deleted her myspace 
I think that my iPhone is about to depart this life for that big glowing apple in the sky... 
I think that of all things to be super strict about, the time at which you stop serving breakfast on a Sunday should not be one of them 
i think that possibly, maybe im falling for you, and it hurts so bad 
I think that possibly, maybe i've fallen for you. Even though i wont be able to see you for 3 fucking months. 
I think that quite a few people are now ignoring me, so feeling kind of lonely now 
i think that studying has really started taking its toll.. 
I think that technology may hate me. I can't make AIM work.  Oh well... time for a break. Finals in Math and Chem tomorrow. No failing plz
I think that we are over worked ! 
I think the 4 shots of espresso have finally hit me....and done bad things to my body! 
I think the A/C in my apartment is broken. 
I think the audio chip in my laptop has died 
I think the babies are intrigued my terror - now there are ~4 climbing on me 
i think the birds are making my car their target practice. 
i think the blues are going to lose the game 
I think the car buying experience is making me sick. 
I think the decision im trying to make is turning me against my own friends 
I think the ghost in my apartment ate all my waffles...  
I think the grayons don't work on pc's..   #creativetechs
I think the gremlins are here again 
I think the harddrive on my beloved macbook just died. Ill be in mourning for 40 days. 
i think the keg is broken  Fix It!!!!!!!!!
I think the Lakers won... But I'm not 100% sure... DVR messed up the recording 
I think the lawn mower hates me. It took us a lot of time to get it started. 
I think the life of my blackberry is done. Cracked screen, missing back piece, charger hole falling apart. But I love it 
I think the light at the end of the tunnel is a looooonnnnnggg freight train. 
I think the lost finale takes precedance over work. Looks good 
I think the male Russian host just yelled at me to get on the fucking ground and tell him where I keep my goats.  #eurovision
i think the mountain of salad cream i put on my salad cancels out the healthy. boo 
i think the novelty of omaha has finally worn off... being beaten by quads is no longer funny  instead it is just plain gay.
I think the part of world war z that upset me the most was the abandoned puppies. 
I think the Postman has pinched my @grazedotcom box 
I think the rain gave me nightmares last night  Awaiting bacon and egg samich and bubble tea for brekky 
I think the rain killed my phone 
I think the reason I get so depressed when I try to write something is because I really want to be good at it and I suck 
I think the spawn of Shawn may actually be asleep- I'm a-scared to go check though 
I think the spider living in my left rearview mirror died. His web has gone unmaintained for days now. One of the most traveled spiders. 
I think the studio in Paterson is R.I.P. Tonight.  lots of good times there.
I think the sun just peeked out, decided it hated everything, and went back behind the clouds. I wonder if we'll ever see the sun again. 
I think the term 'less is more' should apply to the rest of my life except studying.. blah I'm going to bed 
I think the vet has bought a second house with my money 
I Think The Voice Has Returned??? I WANNA GO OUTTTTTTTTT  xxx
I think there is 15 people here who wrote &quot;TWITTERRRRRRRR!&quot; about me 
I think there is a bug on my ceiling 
I think there is someone in my roof,, Bang Bang Thats all i can hear,, its scariin me  Many its Ompa Lumpa s lukiin for dinosaur bones :0
I think there is something wrong with my computer 
i think there is something wrong with our kitties... they have no interest in food 
I think there's something wrong with my stomatch . And dizzy when i read magazine in my car 
i think they censored that here @philkirby...our benny hill show was much different then yours...no nudity was the BIG difference 
I think they filled the wrong cavity...     Owwwww.
I think they need to invent floors that you bounce off  Quarry tile floor hurts!
I think they're one of the worst kinds of dreams. 
I think this fire alarm might cause permanent ear damage 
I think this guy is super fly but i doubt he'll notice me...  oh well i still have my bff
I think this hayfever is actually a cold.. oh no!! 
I think this hurts me too much 
I think this is going 2 be the earliest I've slept since I've had holidays ! Lol I'm just too tired out  anyway goodnight fellow tweeters
i think this is the worst vacation i ve ever spent 
I think this may be a virus. Make it stop... 
I think this paycheck I'm cashing might be my last &quot;big&quot; check  stupid hours being cut!!
I think this recital is going to make me cry even more than high school graduation.  
@Jason_Pollock couldn't get the link to work    (75 Tweeters)
@Jason_Pollock How'd your account get restored? Did Twitter notify you when they restored it? My @bkmacdaddy account is suspended too. 
@Jason_Pollock indeed...and the fact that they just included mms capability and it seems to be giving users difficulties 
@Jason_Rembert I already did. Tonight before I saw that. I saw it like 2 days ago &amp;told him to look for me mid June for it. I'm upset now 
@Jason25329 I haven't had my coffee too. And it's already 6 pm  plus, not sure if today's payday. lol
@JasonArmistead Received many shoutout for Tweetie.  But I have a blackberry   I love it other than for using the Web
@JasonArnopp our memberships had expired and to renew them we have to do a new induction which can't happen til next tuesday 
@jasonauburn Stagsden v oakley. We are stagsden. We are now 36 for 4 off 9 overs. They are now smacking it to all parts 
@jasonavp  I'm sorry about that.. Whoever made that is an idiot and wants to be like you.
@JasonBainum you know I think you have to pay for the peanuts now 
@JasonBergh How did you not add @GoldenLadyLA to this tweet!!  
@jasonbetts I know lol.. Can't just take days off work like that tho 
@jasonbetts Poor you  Get outside and sleep in the garden, the sun will do you good. But don't forget suncream!!!
@JasonBradbury Boo - last Gadget Show of the series - that makes me sad 
@JasonBradbury Buggerit - Sky hasn't taped Gadget show tonight 
@JasonBradbury Call me cynical, but while project Natal looks amazing I have this feeling it's gonna end up nothing like the trailer. 
@JasonBradbury Don't tell me the C5 will be mothballed!  Whats it like for security when left outside places in London anyway?
@JasonBradbury Good For U Mate I Stuck In The House 
@JasonBradbury Haven't had chance to play with Garageband  Would you have a listen to my songs? www.jadetremarco.com. Your blog rocks! xx
@JasonBradbury I am still waiting for my phone network to make the update for the N96 available.  Other networks have it.  
@JasonBradbury i want it... When will Apple bring out a netbook/tablet!! 
@JasonBradbury I wonder how many people are going form a 3G iPhone to a 3GS iPhone today.  Not many thanks to o2 
@JasonBradbury Isn't that the one from the new Red Dwarf? Pick one up for me, no Comics stores in Cornwall 
@JasonBradbury It has  I dunno how much yet but the end of the trailer isn't promising...
@JasonBradbury I've got a very simular rig to you, I custom built mine same cpu and gfx card but you have 2 running SLI I only have one 
@JasonBradbury I've read EST will be 12 so yeah you could be right, between 6 &amp; 7. I got up at 7:45 to do it when I didn't even need to 
@JasonBradbury Mickey Mouse, you're lucky, I've got to watch Hannah Montana with my daughter 
@JasonBradbury not to impressed that no time was given, have spent all day checking for OS 3 !!  
@JasonBradbury So did you see Sonys E3 Conference then? Better then M$ I thought shame most of the stuff they've got didn't get shown tho 
@JasonBradbury Sunday working?   
@JasonBradbury takin bloody ages to download. Had two updates fail Crc checks so far 
@JasonBradbury That thing's awesome - I want one http://bit.ly/vHrLC 
@JasonBradbury the crowd gaming was awesome! Was gutted to lose to Suzi though 4-3  hope the whole show went well!
@JasonBradbury ugobe, the makers of pleo have gone bankrupt no more robotic dinosaurs 
@JasonBradbury where are you getting it from? I'm worried Carphone won't have it on PAYG 
@JasonBradbury wish I had the pennies to upgrade to a 3Gs. Got another 11 months to go on my 3G contract though 
@Jasonbrocato79 I miss you 
@JasonCalacanis damn I missed the live show, guess I will have to wait till it is available through iTunes 
@JasonCalacanis will the episode be available afterward? I'm out and about 
@jasoncalhoun Oh sure... Rub it in.... We don't have any In-n-Out's in Texas 
@jasoncarrier yeah... I wanted to go too... 
@jasoncastro ok, I need to ask you this. When are we going to get another date night? 
@jasoncastro pazookie at bj's, those things are awesome!! sadly they are only on west coast not east 
@jasoncastro that stinks  I luv quiznos, u shud try the cool turkey Caesar &amp; and tomato basil soup, delicious!!!
@jasoncool1 yeah, I know  soon I guess. no use putting it off
@JasonDeehr I wish i could, but I don't think it's worth the 6 hour drive 
@jasondurham  I dont think the update is out yet 
@jasonfreeze she kept attacking paddy :'( like padyy wouldnt eat or anything wouldnt leave my room, was sending the puppy crazy 
@JasonGardiner living in Sequim means travel=overnights. especially since the hood canal bridge is closed for repair 
@jasongaunt yeah I just loved consuming everyone i was just addicted to doing that, sick i know 
@JasonGloverNZ less than a heartbeat. apparently she's all about the Vulcan's. too bad for us. 
@jasongonzales Don't kill me. I just dont check gmail liek I check my Otterbein mail.  
@jasonhilimire no, not today 
@JasonJMikeMgmt damn i live in NY, i guess i am out of that contest 
@JasonKC and I'm working...... Not being productive and have a lot to do.  Wiiiiiish I didn't have drug tests... 
@Jasonkhaleel my hayfever is soo bad today -- i cant even take meds for it   
@jasonkrodriguez We didn't get any movie trailer previews! 
@jasonmccall82 How's it going? Are you going to see any more of Gavin's shows? I really want to but I'm stuck in Florida.... 
@jasonmccall82 i'm sorry i was trying to get it back on but i couldn't 
@jasonmccay only because I didn't think I could handle a sad movie smarty pants!! And my husband wasn't in to the chick flic I picked. 
@jasonmitchener  I think that it is a terrible time that we live in...when people care so little about one another!!  
@jasonmitchener  Now ya see...I don't think there is any cause for that!!!  Abuses of power infuriate me!!  
@jasonmitchener  well I was doing good right on up to 5 minutes ago, whereas I noticed a big tree fell in my backyard 
@jasonmitchener  Yes!  Thanks for replying!  I was sad to hear you were in bed all day!(?)  Were you well?  
@jasonmitchener another good article. I sometimes find myself too wrapped up in the things of this world 
@jasonmitchener I know...I have no business complaining at all...friend of mine just buried her son who had hydrocephalus. He was only 5 
@jasonmitchener these people get.And you have to be 70 or over to be in this program.It is ghastly to see!!   Volunteers are so important!
@JasonMoore1st I wish you could have been there to see the glory that occurred after 7:30. Sorry your pinky got destroyed 
@JasonNBC4 Every Papa Johns I've been to has a &quot;No Guns&quot; sign - I'd be shocked if a Papa Johns driver carries. If so he's out of a job. 
@jasonnorm audio is there but the video is frozen 
@jasonperryrock Aw Dont Be A Meany  Susan Rocls. Say Hi For Me :L:L
@jasonpicon never happened to me before because i dont have an iphone  #squarespace
@JasonPMcRussell c'mon I'll clean your room if you pay me! 
@JasonRafael datz almost da same weather 4 my berfday 
@jasonridge1 ;-( Forgotten again  
@jasonridge1 reality tv shows are bad  they are....okay, so the amazing race is good. but, rock of love, i love money, etc. those are BAD
@JasonRise ... now my England Argentina tickets sound crappy!  Its alright for some! One day I'll have press ticks for Lions ;)
@jasonroe BTW...Not sure if I can make it bud. Its my birthday night out and might be going to Kinsale for a meal with the girls 
@jasonrysavy I don't want to hear that, just started my three-O update.  
@JasonSco good morning jason! yeah, ME TOO! i went to bed @ 1AM and get up @ 6AM. i'm very tired too  still have a long day ahead tho lol
@jasonseas but what hurts is exercise &amp; I need to be much more physically fit.  
@jasonsechrest updates are indeed necessary...I fear you are way behind  Ive been busy busy...but lets at least coffee soon!
@JasonShand CRICKET! Wasn't watching, just saw it on news. Think Scotland are playing NZ right now. Prob getting humped. 
@JasonShand it's ok I couldn't afford to pay you. What happened with kerchoons? 
@JasonShand sadly  maybe I'll just skip right past Sunday...only time I've ever looked forward to a Monday ;-)
@jasonsteel yea, just another day though  At least I wont be bothered by anyone.
@jasonswineblog Make that 0-3. 
@jasontancy It's more like the flu bug  it's scaring me 'cos H1N1 is here....
@JasonTD did I err? I hope not... sorry... 
@jasontryfon Things are great here, thanks!  Was kind of looking forward to a T-storm...but it didn't happen.   Oh well.
@jasontucker They're on backorder 
@jasonwatkinspdx not a chance. It gots to be a carride. Max takes 45 minutes, that twice plus shopping is three hours. 
@jasonwebley Oh to be able to fly to seattle! You, AFP and Rev Peyton? 
@JasonWestwater I'm crying now that you sent me that, because I don't have an iPhone  I wish though. someone hook me up??
@jasonwitmer I wish I were thereeee 
@jasonwitmer you haven't drawn me yet 
@JasonWStanley Ahhh, gutted! Oh well, its not available for blackberry either 
@jasonyates oh...you....biyatch!!!   I had potato waffles n scrambled egg... big empty space where my swine rashers should be 
@jasper74 the aversion didn't last long. I had chicken wings for dinner. What is UP with the weather in nyc this wknd 
@jaspercullen you missed me!!!! 
@JasperWhitlock HAHAHAHAHHHAHAAH!!!!! I wish I could save it &amp; upload it to YouTube, without paying for it 
@jassily but ... but it's michael bay ...*sigh* i'm sorry, love - didn't know you felt that way about it   XD
@jaswindervirdee I work at a golf shop part time  ye I got photoshop one and http://www.thecreativitywall.com
@JaszRox WHAT,.??! An' Leave Me,.?! : | Biitch,. Catch Up On Some For Me,.  x
@jauipop but what abt boost juice? U'll be deprived of their yummy shakes?! 
@jauricchio Fuck boston.com for having a non-avoidable iPhone site. I can't visit your link. NBC does it too. 
@Java4Two  Giving you a HUGE hug -  this is such a hard time to go thru. Let yourself take it a little at a time (me too, last year). 
@Java4Two give you a HUGE hug - this is one of the toughest things to go thru, let yourself be sad as you need to be  (I had to last yr)
@Javabot117 aw i'm sorry  [&lt;3s CurlyBear]
@Javaguy @ruskybaby mine was dispatched this morning. poor show java  Where'd you order yours?
@javajitters I would love to go! just checked my schedule I am working  that sucks! free concert and hitting up the slot machines!!to bad
@JavaJunky  yeep. I think something is wrong with me...  I used to love sleeping.. Haha
@Javamomma still work 2 do   cos we're gonna move the living room in my room and put the wall down and make an arc instead lol
@javashri that's the deal here. if it doesn't directly affect america, we don't see it. 
@javexxx hope to see u guys soon...miss u both already 
@javienfuego OHHH!! Haha. Sweet. I had to work.  Did'ya have fun?
@JaviLovesPizza congrats :/ Maybe you do tweet more than me... 
@javin32  I found out today you have a twitter...lol
@javo_324 YES!!! I miss them (and you) terribly!!! And the boys are with Steve in the springs  we were up early! except i hadn't slept yet
@javs52 - like i said bro , forget abt gears , ms aint gonna fix it, like it or not , there will always be host advantage in gears 2 ,sad 
@javserhard lol let me see if we have anymore magic carpets left! 0.o  noooooo we have none left lol
@JaVyJuice Yeah I Know 
@jawabait ohhh well then. that's not such a bad thing. we have a big tv but it's fucked. bad screenburn. need a new one 
@JawnMurray  No Jawn - don't do it..... 
@jaws_1 I do, they're insanely annoying 
@jaws_1 I'm sure we have that too, it's just that the cars don't stop to let us past 
@Jax_Weather  Guess no rain tonite! 
@Jax425 yea..  but it's really good. I'm just not looking forward to my babies going. Bittersweet feeling after the movie.
@jaxb1978 very true Jax! Just been on TKT, I see everyone's given up hope about CJ now 
@jaxel042 Call me.  Seriously, I miss you 
@jaxharpnangel i thought i'd let you know that @proe4 said he's glad you beat me.  *danielle*
@JaxHolliday awwwwww....  sadnessssss. what are you doing?????
@JaxHolliday why?  don't be sad
@jaxinhall @austincarlile , @haleyxfax and I feel weird not lurkloving on you... we miss your interweb 
@JaxLicurse I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@JaxLicurse TheSmartEcard just following me  #spam
@Jaxthatgirl Yeah, sorry to spoil it for you.   It was a v good ep, but very unexpected to me - you should def catch up.
@Jay_182 haha... I have to wait so LONGEEEEER coz' now im not living in England T_T 
@Jay_Cannon sowwwwy 
@jay_ell_bird for some reason cant access the knots. No clue why 
@Jay_F_K oh okay what's wrong 
@jay_so_wavy Awww I love those... the sweet corn tamale cakes r better tho my #weakness 
@jay_so_wavy Awwww Blindy  U nearsighted or farsighted?
@Jay_Tiz awww, baby, I miss you too. 
@jay3199 wow.. i once saw an Albino deer in Denmark.. Unfortunately the next day in the newspapers they took it down  Evil i tell u
@jay4liberty What happened to Live free or die? I guess they chose death... 
@jayandjack they sure did.  essshhhh that was ugly 
@jayarebee nay, there is a huge one, with about 3 show times for each hour, like 710, 720, 730, for the big ones, but not hangover 
@jayarebee o rly? whose ur friend? just june.lol cant believe u dont trust me 
@jaybby_ awww like even DURING the day? -hugggggles- I'll try not leave you!! 
@jaybby_ i know. WHY would somebody use my identity for a NEW PHONE?! I mean... I have other id but nothing &quot;officially&quot; recognised 
@jaybby_ why? are the storms going to stop 
@JayBooker u still aint come u abandoned me  http://myloc.me/3Zhv
@jayboss  @UberTwitter http://bit.ly/3oLpY but @TweetGenius is a for pay, no trial version, sorry.   UT is my preference anyway. 
@jayboy393 I wish you were my neighbor right now. 
@jaybranch Hi, not bad thanks. Spent last two days in London so today is &quot;catch up&quot; time which unfortunately involves paying invoices! 
@jaybranch it's raining? not where I am which is good cos I wanna sit outside for lunch &amp; read my book! Today's been manic  need massage!
@jaybranch Just tried to add a picture but it isn't working 
@jaybranch no worries just cant blip u more then 3 times  defo top tunes though !!
@jaybranch nope just started like unfollowing ppl every few minutes 
@jaybranch Oh thats great 
@jaybrannan Aww bb, don't be sad  Eat your FroYo and celebrate that you're on #2. &lt;3
@jaybrannan I so agree!!!! Ulah!! 
@jaybrannan please visit myrtle beach...   you could be my perfect man. forever and ever!!!
@JayBurleson Sorry for complaining.  I have just been burned too many times!
@Jaycee369 greeeeeeat. it took me a long time to think of those 
@jaychannel4 Guessing you've noticed the - erm - downturn of S/boro... Not good is it??? Neal still doesn't love me, by the way 
@JayChasm srry im late but damn! Srry to hear about ur homies house gettn brokn into!  hope that works out tho!
@JayCherno 22 degrees in Ayr. It's Drogba and co in standard def for me 
@jaychuck Its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time. Everytime i do one, i feel like making music afterwards 
@jaycool2k I do want to go for Peaches... but also Miss Kittin, pendulum, chase&amp;status and the bloody beetroots! its not fair 
@jaycsantos  should code a right hand...
@jaydastraystrag morning??? LOL hey twin I missed u yesterday 
@JaydDragyn LOL you are tempting me to the states quicker but alas no package 
@Jayde_Nicole Can u please tell me what u think about my pics i wanna be a model too...but i dont have the right agency  lol
@Jayde_Nicole hahahaha hero! i LOVE nutella  &amp; i wish i could have pinkberry but sadly there is none in ottawa or in canada 
@Jayde_Nicole house work 
@jayde_nicole http://twitpic.com/55209 -  We need to save those sweet lil fuzzy dudes
@Jayde_Nicole I would love to go Opera but Im so far from there lol 
@jayde_nicole I'm happy to hear that you'll be following me! But I never received email from the twitter team conforming it!  howcome?
@Jayde_Nicole Is it just the season finale or is the hills over ??  please get back to me
@Jayde_Nicole It's raining in miami 2 
@Jayde_Nicole omg you follow a new fan  pick me please doll I'm a huge fan and I'm canadian ;)
@jaydeashford getting up early sucks dudette. I'm up in the middle of the fOOking night to go to work. Never get used to it I'm afraid 
@jaydeemc35 then it would be hard to throw them away 
@jaydeflix -  more talking in 1st weekend than last yr total.   Some people unable to shut up (yes, Anarchist Wife pl I'm talking to you)
@jaydems no i'm not, sorry. have extension english late class and then a drama assessment to complete. 
@jaydems she wont be at the beach, she'll be IN the beach haha, but nawww what a cute date DD i want dates like that 
@Jaydensmommie Sorry... I didn't realize you were in the shower when I walked in. 
@Jaydenxb we have the exact opposite here in SA... winter's on it's way  Enjoyt the sunshine.
@JaYdOtHollA Me never...I'll walk back to my time out corner and continue to eat Elmer's glue and rub it in my hands just to peel it off 
@Jaye3207 see i really dont know what to do... !!!  an i been at princeton all my life
@jayeads Oh no!   I was spf-d so I'm still pale as ever...
@jayeads yeah.  i miss my 24 1.4 all the time.  
@jayecane in this hot sun  running errands wat u up to?
@JayEeEssEss LOL you're crazy! This game is uncomfortably tight though 
@jayegan told them they laughed more and made me talk more to take the mick more 
@JAYELECTRONICA NOT A DARN MOVIE SIR! LOL...U SHOULD JUST MAKE YOUR OWN...ALL OF THESE REMAKES R GETTING OLD..IM TIRED OF RECYCLED FILMS 
@jayelleenelial nope i didnt sadly  i'm also having my damn exams urgh :s and it has been already 3 weeks! one more week till freedom!
@jayest No! That really really sucks especially as you were looking forward to a quiet, do-nothing weekend. 
@jayfingers where's my kidrobot? 
@JayFmOnline i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me. 
@jayfromdallas me too babe 
@JayGfam call a joint over pop in it if u don't like it then guess wat. . .do something else.  Lol. Nah its good I wanted to cry 
@JayGfam goiin driivin wiif my cuzz den mayb moviiess.. no mia shoppiin for meee  noo miiaaaa
@JayGreasley Pooh  I was hoping to do some video work today 
@jayGREGO I know isn't that so sad?  I'm an old hag already :/ haha
@JayHostDC went last year. I gotta go to my friend's party tonight though.  I can never win
@jayhova89 I'm tempted to! but I'm supposed to go to my parents house in Athens today 
@Jayisfly Jess is invited just not me  I feel really unloved by u AND Aj right now hahaha!
@JayistheRealest emmm...as long as thy ovr 5ft 5&quot; lol...c i cnt chat cuz im nt tht tall myslf  ...im 5ft (cough)&quot;...im messin...5ft 3/4&quot;
@JayIzzy19 Well she kept riding past me on her bicycle with her nasty thong hanging out of her fat ass. I was literally dry-heaving. 
@jayjaykazaz thank you now I feel bad 
@jaykayone Schools always seem to be behind the times, particularly with technology. 
@Jayknox is NOT following me i am overly OVERLY DISTRAUGHT !!!!  
@jaykpurdy awww,you could of asked me to go with you.! i had nothing else to do today.! 
@jaykpurdy OH MY GOSH I TOTOLLY LOVE IT IT LOOKS SO AWESOME!! AND CUTE! i wish i could see u and vfc in real life  STILL LOVE THE HAIR THO
@jaykpurdy What's wrong? 
@jaykpurdy when are yall going to come to Florida we feel so unloved  you guys haven't come here yet what's up with that ? Still love yea
@jaykurtlaroa you fail  I bet they are sold out again :/
@JaylaStarr  I guess you are not interested !!
@JaylaStarr lol that photo doesnt exist anymore 
@JaylaStarr wish you could have shared drinks with me tonight hon.     Long Island iced Teas  
@Jaylien2010 dude u didnt even check on us!!! The demons could have got us and u wouldnt even known..... 
@JayLink_ I dont have myspace 
@JayLink_ i think its just a news post-i dont think it is her posting anything 
@Jaylo1 Actually...your older than me.  Now I'm Jealous. 1989. Hmm..21..I'l send you a bottle of something. lol.
@jaymattlin hey jay! just preparing for graduation  not ready for it! u?
@jaymayyyy so I got out of bed cause I was hungry. Got a bowl out, poured me some captain crunch. No milk in the fridge 
@jaymc123 In their heads, I guess, nothing much..... 
@jaymcc i checked and the twittermusical.com domain name is already registered  #twittermusical
@Jayme1988 @AJM1030 @Eric_Chambers I agree: accents are who you are and that is good &amp; Eric's is &quot;wicked strong&quot; ..I don't have an accent 
@Jayme1988 @Eric_Chambers @colocelt @Antony_Edwards @ji_ric @jtbritto @Tanman1067 Good morning gang, here's to another work Monday 
@Jayme1988 Hmmm mayb. Iv got more tests on may 5th  jus means more waiting if view dont find anything. Hows u 2day?
@Jayme1988 I cant go to sleep till I know she is asleep...her dementia is getting worse 
@Jayme1988 Im ok thanks got a bit of a heavy chest atm, i sense a bitch of a cough makin a recce about my person ready to strike anytime 
@Jayme1988 not really sure. need to deposit and save some money 
@Jayme1988 Sorry to hear that buddy. 
@Jayme1988 yeah im ok...I did the blog to get out of my system but it looks horrible 
@Jayme1988 yep, had my 2 days off, now 8-7, 8-6,8-6. yuk, will miss the sun  X
@jaymeallover aw. you don't like hanging out with moi?  i has a sad now.
@JayMeeks studying.. That's what I should be doing 
@jaymeevicious tear! but you have to comeee!! 
@JaymeROXann @danwickline I didn't get any teeth at all till I was one. I didn't get any cavaties till my mid-20s. Mouth is a mess now. 
@jaymerss nope  I couldnt take the day.....I'm lacking time off (its really sad). Are you going???
@JaymEsch I don' have Leopard. 
@JaymiieFOB Naww, i would be angry too!  
@jayna that Voigtlander is a bit pricey! 
@JaynaDoyle no. none of them could come 
@Jayne0807 oh no they still there, how long does it have to take! I wish you an empty road though - too hot for long drive 
@Jayne0807 thank you, and I agree def some stranger twitterers, can't stand the ones who tweet obscenities constantly 
@Jaynecollinsmac dw my mum wont let me go 
@Jaynecollinsmac I can't believe I missed saying 'hello' to you in Glasgow!  Were you 'flipping' in the M&amp;G Room? Omar xxx
@Jaynecollinsmac is there anything left for liverpool ? 
@Jaynecollinsmac Nooo, i bet all the signings are while i'm on holiday! 
@Jaynecollinsmac Nooooooooooooo, I'm away  Please do Liverpool either a few days before the 25th or after the 7th (Y)
@Jaynecollinsmac you know that comp i spoek to u about the other day? Should we just not expect tickets now as it's getting late 
@JayneeLu  Awww to do a mini NKOTB tour! If only   It was great seeing u yesterday.TY for coming! Love ya!
@jayneelu I didnt know @donniewahlberg and @joeymcintyre was there yet when I twittered that 
@Jayneemurray wrong! your life is not complete bcuz you no longer are seeing me tomorrow!  im gonna go cry in the corner.
@jayneowen Thanks for your kind words Jayne.  50% on weight loss and 25% on fundraising.  All good here today.  Weather wet 
@JayneRelf it's true, can't believe Jordan is going to be 21 in 7 years 
@JayneRelf Jayne I feel your pain, know that I am married to a social butterfly!  
@JayNewell answer was a big fat no  only got in 345. Shattered man. Good result. U guys getting on it homie?
@JayNilla I am so confused... 
@jayninaa @melllywoo  welcome to twitter! too bad I don't use it much since I get like 200 updates in a day... 
@JAYOJAY I'm straining to hear but it's very hard from all the way over here. 
@Jayonce they take forever 
@jayonpoint oooh! mine just says &quot;thats a nice picture&quot; but wont post it 
@Jaypayso damn wifey got you abandoning me and shit lol ic how it is 
@Jaypee_McSteamy idk  hopefully soon i miss bacolod!! gaarr
@JayPitt Jay, that says a lot about us as I looked up transformers first.... 
@JayQid: ugh I know exactly what you mean. I'm sorrryyyy 
@Jayrbrklyn what house warming gift?? man i missed my flight  my kick been dead all day
@JayresC: n u can't change your profile backgroud neither 
@jaysfit  Sum1 disappointed me 
@JaySinkie I think the only place you can find them is eBay 
@JaySkillz aww poor precious 
@JaySkillz I never knew that cuz I never had one w/o the other...this is torture 
@JaySkillz right! I can't sleep.... And soooo much to do tomorrow 
@jaysonb485 I am just trying to watch good news week and BAM I have to see that bloody ad 
@jaysonbarnden When you get this message can you please send me a text I have lost your details  I don't want to show up unannounced.
@JaysonJPhillips lol really?? My bro has xbox360 but he don't let me play 
@jaysonkingsbeer  Very nice mines the 2.1ghz but no the latest gen  Do yah no whats wrong with it?
@jaysonl yeah apparently my phone jpgs are somehow defective.  
@jaysonst uh huh. Jayson, you'll understand when I say tonight made me ANGRY. I can't take anymore...well, I CAN take it, I don't WANT TO 
@jaysonstreet oh. i didnt hear you say that....I recend all my flames...sorry 
@jayster_x Lol its 9.24pm, i should be in bed  got school tomorrow... NOOOO!
@jaystokes4 hey! I should jus use u as one of my sources! Lol thanks I got it jus gotta put it all on paper... 
@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks don't it
@jaysusjoos that sucks. 
@JaySynn07 I have never even been there ,,, 
@jayteebee life has been pretty hectic since we got back, with sick mothers, and shitty jobs! feels like I was never away 
@jayturley lol. Well, I've seen really really good Weird Al videos. This just isn't what I expected 
@jayumcooper not a sausage 
@JAYv2 cool, w/e too short as usual unf. And way too busy at work  v little time to tweet.
@jayvanity i have been naked all day lol, no ac in my room. 
@jayvert @economist Thanks! Unfortunately it's really hard to tell how you did b/c everyone walks out feeling really stupid 
@jaywashradio OFCOURSE!!!! Sorry @ TJ_Wins...   [lol]
@jayworthamill awready! U kno itz all luv! U should come out n kic it 2nite! 
@jayy_vee I knoooo I was working tho  sucks ballllllls dude http://myloc.me/3ZjZ
@jayyy143  we'll be seeing each other soon ... Hakuna matata. Btw, @markandjames play thurs/fri @ this restaurant. We should ALL go.
@jayyy143 hmmm, i hope so. and i hope they are okay.  they SEEM REALLY PISSED OFF!
@Jayyyx LMAO you having your own partay there (: enrique got a gril up onstage 
@jazazmine omgg yess(: im gonna miss jason wimp and all the other seniors to dance with tho 
@jazholley do you love me enough to bring me some suncream... i dont want to be a lobster anymore 
@jaziimun why didn't you tell me?! 
@Jazina  don't know how 2 find u...went 2 the site, also went 2 the forum on ning..I must be stupid or something..shuks..now I'm curious!
@JazMc92 Fuck up lol. Just went up to three hours now  Should be deffo finished for me getting up in the morning.
@jazmin_pena awwww I really wish I was there instead of going to work  have fun!!!
@JAZMINERENEE I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS PERIOD!!  20 IS SO LAME!
@jazminerenee unfortunately i do miss my ex  wtf happened with you today?
@JazmineSpirit Do you know how to turn off TWITTASCOPE? Please someone help !!!! 
@jazupurlife they are m HEROESâ™¥ i wish i could go to a concert but i cant 
@Jazwheel you are avoiding me and crapsticks 
@jazz136 i doubt that the am pm will have some 
@Jazz214 i'm sad i won't see you for another couple months 
@jazzahh93 what is dannielle talking about? I think she's gone now 
@jazzaybaybay Jazzy my best fob pren, I read the 14th birthday I wrote to you. I am sad   ! I love you!! &lt;3 check your email!
@jazzBANGER Do you remember in year 8 when we were in science and i stabbed my eye with my pen? Fudge monkey that hurt 
@jazzBANGER hehe i just recored me and natalie going over the play, grr i sopund like a spastic i need a new voice  .lol
@jazzE_ross cos u saying its my fault and I was trying to be nice. 
@jazzE_ross lmao..thanks but i dont have one 
@JazzeeJEF Looks like it wants to rain about here but I know that aint gonna happen. Guess you will be staying inside 
@jazzgirl4  i am right there with u 
@jazzicouture me too  where are you? I'm here too!!!
@jazzie17 Zoetermeer did the exact same thing. my vote didn't make any difference 
@JazzieBluE @JazzieBluE  oh my god I am so jelous aghh it was ehhh 6 /7hour drive from my house. 
@jazzjeet haha you would do that =P that's cute. nobody ever comes to visit me  god damn lake geneva and how far it is from civilizati ...
@JazzJelousy grrr theres these guys from spanish who i think wanna kick us out!!  !
@Jazzled4life whaaaat!   This is why next time I have to be there too so you both will be forced to take crazy pics.  
@jazzlifejunkie Yeah I understand that  Dice-K is depressing me after Lester's awesome game yesterday.
@Jazzling she def isnt  maybe with time. @britneyspears FOLLOW ME BRIT damnit. hahaha
@jazzluvsdane i can't see ur pic lol 
@Jazzman06 haha i would..except i have no hours anymore  ..that's the economy for y'all
@jazzmentynes OMG!!  I HATE  you!!!!  I wanted to go see her but the recession had my pockets in a chokehold 
@jazznworldguy I agree, but fear many are not feeding their flock and their sheep are scattered  Ezekiel 34
@Jazzone .....i feel ur pain homey 
@jazzosospecial ohhh you're killing me..sounds so good! I just had...a salad 
@jazzrazzmatazz miss you too. 
@jazzshark @misterbenji tried to get the mouse last night but failed also  How is NYC? We miss you!!
@jazzstixx &quot;rhythm of the night&quot; , &quot;who's Johnny&quot; and &quot;Stay with me&quot; were my joints. Too bad about the drugs and prison time  smh
@jazzstixx 4 versions...ahhh. sounds like heaven. he was here in boston a few months back but i had a gig and couldnt go  hes a must see!
@jazzy__fizzle what did he wreck??? 
@JAZZY_ANGEL_BLU Your off the chain.... and Where were you last night? I asked Smooth about you.....? And Sorry I missed you BDay party 
@Jazzy2982 YES I am already craving shocktop... or a glass of wine... or a kamikaze... longest 3 day weeks ever 
@jazzy2fresh the life of property management jobs  what time do u work and til what time
@JazzY528 your drinky WAAAAAAAY too much, dearie 
@Jazzybelle07 yeah, no fun 
@JazzyBirdCoffee But, I live in Dallas.  
@JazzybyNature I think its stomach virus  I really feel like dying
@JazzyFiierce yes I'm postive my mom jus called  I'm very upset I wanna tear
@jazzyjaz619 I never got the mansion and the porsche 
@JazzyJoann Because the lady from kiss told me that the person you bring with you to the soundcheck has to be over 18 and my friend is 16 
@JazzyLadee1908  I try pretty hard to engage everyone I follow! Some of them lack interesting shit to say so they end up unfollowed 
@JAZZYMBA: SHYYYYYYT WISH I WAS UP IN THAT MUG 
@jazzyobaby MINE IS ON A WEDS.  AND I HAVE A CLASS TOO..but afterwards i probally go out to eat, thursday CLUB SEVEN..ATL FOR THE WEKKEND
@jazzyobaby yayy! i wish you could go to tattoo zone with me. 
@jazzyrae Oh man, I forgot about the pazooki's  Dammit man! why u gotta be like 6 hours away? lol
@jazzyrae yes..yes they are. I saw a chick the other day with an outtie belly button and a belly button ring. it made me sad. 
@jazzyswifey  Ellie went through that for a few weeks.
@jb_alldaway stupid FIT text books 
@JB_Rising I woke him up a while ago and he wasn't a happy chappy  I found it hilarious, him.... Not so much.
@JB_Rising I'm a dark horse what can I say!!! To be fair I never met the guy which is gutting 
@jb2me mine wont update, gets to the end and says I have an error 
@jb4eva000 haha. im sorry  you should make me one.
@jb4eva000 I want a bracelet 
@jbajzert alright! 3am and i barelyyy started the redhill booklet. all nighter i suppose  then i gotta do another booklet tmrw!
@jbarnholtz  no. I can't start that package until middle of June ((((
@JBARSODMG email those pics on ur labtop to me...  I wana put one of them as my background!  http://myloc.me/21DS
@JBartkowiak Me too - too bad I don't have time to get up there today 
@JBatTHP really? I never saw it, that makes me so sad.... 
@JBCP Facebook is blocked 
@JBeatzofficial Mega par man, you should go fart in their face. Welcome to Grime though mate, unfortunately 
@JBeauty _i JUS WENT AWAY FOR THE SUMMER AND i CAN'T FiND LMN ON THiS FREAKiN TV. BUMMER 
@JBeauty oooh *heads high killin 'em wit da no* lol didn't think so..  but u don't really know me yet I'm a good tucker inner haha
@JBenitez5 I am never singing along with your tweets ever again! 
@jbertot How far did you in that Cargo game... I got as far as the level the chest drops... I spent 3 hours no success 
@jbevershed  I was hoping for a trip to the beach!
@jbfan10101 Sweet niblets! I tought he looks like Joe 
@jbfanforever94 My mom said I'd have to wait until morning. She doesn't want to be out driving at midnight.  Getting it 1st thing 2morrow!
@JBFutureboy Come back to the UK and play a gig! We miss you LOADS!  Much love xoxo
@JBFutureboy I missed it  busted need to do a reunion tour. That would make my year. No joke.
@JBFutureboy I'm late  I was practicing with the choir !!
@JBFutureboy James...it's the 19th...Where is that song? 
@JBFutureboy lucky kid...i so wanna see loserville  pity im in oz....
@JBFutureboy no new tune up on Myspace yet? 
@JBGalMalta77 Yeah :] Ah i dont watch that  i used to watch americas next top model though
@jbigga ah i cant deal witht that lag 
@jbigga birds are chasing the shizzz outta me! 
@JBlazemusic Damn! At least u got a vacay  but sounds like u have everything figured out! http://myloc.me/4O77
@JBlazemusic lol awwww well good....i hope u enjoy...ive been wanting to see it...no1 will take me  lol
@jblives4ever17 sounds like you had a great time! i set my alarm to watch it, but fell back asleep 
@JBLovatoGomez No they didn't 
@jblumemberg jojiiiii i hate studing! i am going to fail everything!  but i doesn't mater... i saw joe jonas XD
@JBluver4ever95 Okay, it's already past 1pm here. I miss you. 
@JBMareMareJB no, I didnt make it to that one   &amp; thanks so much!
@JBMareMareJB nope..i got a B though! i really hope i can get my grades up before the school year ends! otherwise no JB 
@jbmcdlts bk over for the concert the next week, i wish i could of flown out for that on the friday, but couldnt cause of work 
@jbmonroe31 ooh I know about the politics of the job and its some major bitchassness  it sucks but we cant ever escape it
@JBMusic20 I checked this morning at 7 am and it said that! 
@jbn19872005 Aww, I feel like punching David  is your mom alright? I hope so!
@JBnVFCLover786 during the live chat...a fan has written &quot;nick and joe are cute, kev is in the the corner&quot; and kev is gone in the corner 
@JBnVFCLover786 family is crazyyyy!! lol grr ima go and wait until like an hour or get on tommorow cause i dont like using this twitter 
@JBnVFCLover786 i doubt my parents will buy me any vfc merch or adisson stuff for my bday 
@jbo2231 now am not looking forward to updating mine 
@jboobie where are you? 
@jbranigan - new comp set-up, files! changes! a whole mess of stuff!!  Has to be done &amp; today's the day...will check in when I can. And U?
@jbranigan I planted my tomatoes in my container garden. I may have to get some flowers, my seeds don't seem to have sprouted 
@jbrauer Here, here! But reality intervenes during the process of developing the data model.  My data models != complete. #calicon09
@jbraver me too  come back! lol
@jbrazillian93 I know bad language 
@jbrigante lol that's sucks   we r heading to the city now to c wats going down
@JBrooks1990 lol, my bad, i just can't help it though... btw, i think my phone's broken, it won't let me get other people's updates 
@jbroome Not available in my area 
@jbruin the reason I like the CapsuleRebel is the extra protection of two layers. Also means more bulk. 
@jbs_lovebug xD and it's because someone's leaving Twitter. 
@jburno Ah man I wish could but we leave back for NC on Wednesday. 
@Jbuss we should be up 3-1 
@jbwagoner well consider that tax charitable donation. 
@jc That's just more reason for me to hate flying 
@jcab21 puppy dogs will dirty the sheets before you even get a chance to go to slepp! I just missed out on a free $1100 phone ...  to slow
@jcabro  *pat pat* That does, truly, suck! I hope it passes fast! *sends healy vibes and e-antibodies*
@jcadditive  120 notes!!!  serious??!!   f**k me.....   
@jcafarley Can't wait, except someone might be coming over to view my flat at 7ish, so I night have to miss the Sony one.  #e3.
@JCannata they r here june 8. Don't know if ill make it. 
@jcantell  so that link with True Blood..it has a time limit as to how much u can watch 
@JCapez (scratches head) unless u have flew out of ny since yesterday there is no summer 
@jcarbaugh Yeah, I don't get it either. Apparently, people who want decaf and people who want real tea have little overlap. 
@JCarolComm ...but Ayatollah has promised more arrests and bloodshed if protests don't cease 
@jcarterslife LOL awh well I'm not even at 40 yet. :/ &amp; most of the people who follow me are like spammers I guess? 
@jcbaggee Oh yeah, and I've thought of doing that, except I have limited Hard drive space on my 360 just now. 
@jcbenge Should have caught you   Damn
@jccauburn hey babe! thanks for the bday wishes on FB! I couldnt look at the link  Miss you! Plz make a trip to ttown!
@jccrisler People suck.  It's no fun being taken for granted. What about you, sweets? Do people suck for you too?
@JCCub1 @coachbear JEALOUS! 
@jcenawwe marry? Oh no 
@jcf tu me manques!!  its so sad here in paris. and i'm dealing with evil land lords!
@JCFoote Wish you could too! We will miss you. 
@jcftang time to get some sleep. oh, crap! can't ... 
@jcgirl1223 You are the king of sorrow 
@jchamanes i wish i coulddd 
@jcharming ahhh that would be soo tight, too bad its up to 500 dollars  thanks for letting me know thoughhh.
@jchavannes thanks jean!!! Can you come back from korea already 
@Jchawes Oh no!  You said the dreaded 4-letter Monday word ~ WORK!!!  I don't want the weekend to be over!  
@Jchawes we don't get to see TAPS on tv here in norway  thank god for youtube !! ^-^
@Jchawes what happened to his law?? 
@jchiarelli No love from the command line unfortunately.  Had to end up restarting. 
@JChillin now u know why I can't come back to Greece and I gotta stay in N.Y over the summer... 
@jchristie you are not spoiling, are you?? If so I will have to unfollow you til you're done  #catchingfire
@jchua mmm sounds fandidilitasic...my sleepnaptime failed...probably because i slept all day. 
@JChurchill182 No I didn't get any good thing to cause I broke my leg yesterday. 
@jchutchins And still it isn't possible to order Personal Effects: Dark Arts in german book stores (I just tried it) 
@jchutchins But I don't want to hold off!  Good luck. :p
@jchutchins I was looking to host one next weekend at Origins, but don't have a venue to host it in. 
@JCINISTA it's just that we never got to test it on anyone.  haha and i didn't see it, but i'm sure beyonce kicked some stalker ass!
@jcivey I know ;) I was making a general comment on 'absent' friends 
@JCJ0300 I hope so!! We don't have guareteed seats! 
@jckelou I miss House too 
@jclima I hear so much about fedora, but every time I try it I'm disappointed  and switch back to ubuntu
@JCoffical dont gooo 
@jcOMFG direct message me your cell! i want to call and my phone is being a douchenozzle 
@jcOMFG wow stfu  you're nothing but a dumb scene queen to me...
@jconairq1043nyc Keith Emerson should be playing encore right about now in NJ. Sad to say it looks like he's finished 
@JCookOnline i wish it was.. 'cause that would mean it's weeeeeeekend :') but no 
@JCookOnline jonathan after midnight snack is getting everyone fat 
@JCookOnline Yeahhh! I mean, it had to have been someone fairly close to her if they knew that much about it, which is really sad 
@Jcp1234 it is... 
i got some really... um... interesting (?) followers recently... i hafta wonder what i did to get that sort of attention.  
I got something stuck in my teeethh 
I got stuck @ work doing overtime and I'm not happy. I miss my baby like crazy . I need to be right next to you, lying in your arms. 
i got stuck on an interesting phone call, i see all my twisters are gone  well @arieschild @cneislove @terrinah1 @sasha12900 hit me 2moro
I got sun burn on my legs 
I got sun burned on my boobs 
i got sun burnt  i am sooooo happy diversity won!!!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
i got sun burnt today 
i got sun stroke really not wel 
I got sunburned on my nose!  Im glad I went cuz now I know to never go again! It was fun and I love the Lakers but today was just crazy.
I got sunburned. yay 
i got sunburns from the picnic today 
i got sunscreen, sand , and salt in my eye and now it really hurts 
I got that nasty cold that's going around.  I need to stop working my tush off. I wracked up so much ot it's not even funny.
I got the ball stuck and I had to ask people to get it for me. 
I got the dispatch e-mail about my books an hour ago, and UPS' status is already 'Exception'. 
I got the E.N.D. verdict = not as good as their old stuff 
i got the flu again 
I got the game bitches!  Now I have to wait 4 hours before I can play it  http://twitpic.com/7kiwf
I got the hiccupps 
I got the hiccupps! 
i got the hiccups and it hurts 
I got the itis....but I'm no where near my bed  ughhhhh
I got the meanest headache. I wish @Zabriell was here wit me 
I got the no Internet blues...  booo
I got the official boot from the mitchell davis gang  @mmitchelldaviss
I got the shirt I wanted and father's day present. Was gonna buy twilight but I didn't wanna pay Â£14.99 for it  haha. Waiting on a bus now
I got the text from 1010 saying that its on its way and I didn't even send a text to it! Think my mms might work but no way to check. 
I got the third TiVo about a month ago. Seemed fine until mid last week, when it started to pixelate, freeze and reboot sponteneously... 
I got the wine flu last night. Now I have a hangover 
i got this txt out of nowhere today. &quot;i love you! im going in for surgery now&quot; from my sis. idk anything about this? 
I got three calls today waking me up. Gosh. I finally successfully fell asleep after each one, only to have my stupid phone ring again! 
I got to feel the belly, but not the baby.  
I got to get ready for taking a shower and get ready for work. 
i got to hang out with martin tonight, what a great guy. it makes me miss germany 10x more than i already do 
I got to make some photos.  I got to make new layout for my blog.  I miss my class.. The end of us. 
I Got To Mow My Yard Today It's Going To Rain 2morrow 
I got to see my girl for 3 seconds today  YES!!!!!! (as sarcasm leaks from the corners of my mouth) 
I got to share the mats with Relson's son Rhalon Gracie last night.  didn't get to roll with him tho 
i got to text @adammshankman that was awesome! (: i guess i cant anymore  oh well, it was pretty awesome(: hahaha
I got twitter on my iphone edi. Yahoo!! I really should be doing my assignment. 
I got two more hours and then I'm out!! But I have to go home and clean. That sucks 
I got under 3000 in line for Blizzcon. But now it's sold out. 
I got up about ten minutes too late to get Dad to purchase the @chamcircuit album off Amazon. I've got to wait most of the day now! 
I got up an hour early  Thanks, Bobby.
I got up cleaned the pond, went to car bootsale and got sun burned  now hiding in shade reading...
I got up too early today... 0730 
i got up too early... my mum woke me be accident..  its too nice a day to sleep more!
i got vodka and red bull when i asked for sprite.. i dont like red bull  ps, i really hope @jillianjigggs comes, i miss her
I got water in my ear and now I can't hear  I got mad rhymes.
I got wierd  people around me   Like Krystal , jeff and others  http://twitpic.com/3ne4o
i got wisdom teeth  growin in and they hurt like a bitch!! 
I got woken up early!   guess I 'll go wax the car.
I gots a lil hangover from last night  ouch!!! but I'm good!
i gots a sore head 
I gots me carrrrrr...I wanna drive everywhere but there's no where to go 
I gots nothing 
i gots the sniffles 
i gots to work  go lakers !
i gotsta bad headache  i don't like this
I gotta admit I am kinda over it today. Just because I speak up with a concern doesn't mean I am WRONG  People get so stubborn+defensive.
I gotta blow Out then flat iron my hair.. That might take a while 
I gotta buy a new transmission for my car  damn!
I gotta charge my phone and it won't be right next 2 me so I'll have 2 talk to u manana mi carino 
I gotta clean my car cause birds crapped all over the sides 
I gotta clean today... wish I had a monster. 
I gotta come over and learn 
i gotta figure out what i need. but we know that we gotta go. say goodbye. 
i gotta finish that project i'm as tired as a ... idk what i'm just so tired 
I GOTTA GE TFROM AROUND HERE!!!! NOBODY CARES ANYMORE 
i gotta get to sleep now. i need to get up at around 5a.m tomorrow. 
i gotta get up for work in a couple of hours but i cant sleeep. UGH 
I gotta go already  Tweet you all laterrrrrrrrrrrr!
I gotta go get ready for work. Sausages. 
I gotta go home man. This headache is killing me 
I gotta go now.   I hope everyone has a great day today (or evening for those of you across the globe from me). lol
I gotta go to Airport soon and i know it's gonna be bad Traffic 
I gotta go to bed too  I have a presentation tomorrow.
I gotta go to bed. I can't believe I am still up and nothing accomplished today. 
I gotta pay the electric bill today. 
I gotta pic of my baby cousin as my photo frame widget on my home screen. I just glanced at it.......I miss her lil' grown self. 
i gotta quit stayin up so late....even tho i do work in the afternoon im startin to hate missin the whole day 
I gotta start painting my room 2day  NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I gotta start sleeping better...ready for 3rd coffee in less than an hour 
i gotta take a piss! but can't make a noise coz i am hearing fucking scary noises with my lil sis! we are shitting ourselves!! 
I gotta work for four hours and then it is shopping and bridesmaid dress shopping 
I gotta work w/ epoxy / fiberglass to fix a thing on the hot tub pump. I never get to be a girl 
I graduate tomorrow 
I graduated!!! Im soo excited yet sad  Watching the MTV Movie Awards. Vote Twilight for movie of the year!!!!!!!!!!
I grew a pair of tits last night. Who'd like to get on them first? @SimonBishop) Bet 3 folk turn up - and I'm left being bottle fed 
i gueesss getting ready for a horrible day.. 
I guess @nvbionerd isn't coming to visit me... 
i guess @siccjordans lil ol friend is more important today than meeeh 
I guess 15 minutes  waiting for this car estimate translates to one hour. 
I guess all I have to look forward to this summer is my free t-shirt and my 21st ... ugh, fml  
I guess AT&amp;T is not available for my internet after all.  I hate my area. It's got weird monopoly things that the rest of MPLS doesn't.
I guess bed. Sometimes i wish my boyfriend wasn't forty five. Gah. 
i guess ben and jerry's at 10 wasn't a good idea...no sleep til like 12... 
i guess free beer, free food and free go kart racing isn't enought to get many people to hang out with me. or listen to my shitty band. 
i guess god needed any angel 2day rest in paradise auntie 
I guess he's jusst not THAT into me...UGH i guess u win some u lose some...wutever who likes to be tied to one anyways?  sigh
i guess i am going to schedule the vet for monday,  this sucks
i guess i am going to work on dumbass homework now  I wish I could get a degree with just doing the necessary things to know what im doing
I guess I am too freaky for followers.  
I guess i better get back to studying 
I guess i better get ready for work. 
I guess I better put on some pants if I'm going to the store. 
I guess i better start getting ready for work 
I guess I busted a miley cyrus. Dyed my hair. Darkkkk!   it was time for a change http://twitgoo.com/v3er
I guess I could always make a run to the redbox, then again I refused to leave the house for food 
I guess I don't tweet enough about baseball, a lot of the Mets journos and site unfollowed me today 
I guess I gotta go to sleep now.  Back to work like a slave tomorrow    why god! Why!
I guess I have been twitterific enough this last week- I lost a few #followers- bummer.     
I guess I have to be online 24/7 to be able to even grasp everything that is happening around. But I need my sleep.... 
I guess I have to go back to work now. 
I guess I just didn't have anything to say today... 
I guess I just won't talk to you because it seems like that's what you want. Just don't leave without saying goodbye. Please. 
I guess I missed #buzz140 badly. Too bad nobody at #buzz140 seemed to miss me 
I guess I poisend myself by cleaning the bathroom. 
i guess i should go get ready for school 
I guess I should go to bed now, tomorrow is Monday 
I guess I should have just stayed in KC...back up we go...looks like the end this time  
i guess i spoke too soon. he started running a fever at the party and we had to leave. 
i guess i was due for a headache  boyy do i hate them.
I guess I wasn't meant to watch ptwittytv live. 
I guess I will wash my dirty car 
I guess if I really want to sort my sleeping out, I should go to bed earlier and wake up earlier. But that's like shifting timezones 
I guess if Tosca was in San Fransisco I can't regret it too badly; way too far of a drive to get there anyway 
I GUESS ILL BE BACK N NEW ORLEANS THIS WEEKEND 
i guess ill cry through the pain and try as hard as i can to be everything you want.even if im not sure why anymore... 
i guess i'll go to bed now...DREADING tomorrow  pghmfanja.
i guess ill goto sleep like everyone else 
i guess i'll have to wait til the morning for the 3.0 update... 
i guess i'll just post results since all my tweets didn't make it 
I guess I'll never smile anymore, there's only one thing out there, what would make me happy 
I guess I'll use Azureus for now until I can fix uTorrent... But it doesn't compare. 
I guess I'm changing my picture.  @heatherdamico says its scary 
i guess im doing laundry with the townies today... 
I guess I'm going to have to wait until I get to an actual computer to figure this out.  I must be getting too old for this stuff.
I guess I'm going to sleep. I don't want to but ipod is dying on me  night. Darn I wanted to stay on the forum. Oh well off to dream land
i guess im have to download the regular YIM for Mac... i really prefer Adium tho...  ill see if i can fix it later
I guess im not cool enough to be invited to the beach 
I guess I'm not hanging out with braad? 
I guess im resorting to Wal-mart for summer clothes!  Oh well I'll survive! Heading there now with Mutti!
i guess i'm the only one who hasn't bought Jonas Brothers new CD.. but don't have any money so what can i do? 
I guess imagine listening to a clicking pen all day long and you try putting up with it! Thought not  HELP!
i guess it is what it is. . i still have a million questions in my head 
I guess it was thunderstorming today....I miss all the fun 
I guess it wasn't meant for me to change it 
I guess its about time i get ready to come hand the gash in 
I guess it's back to working for million $$ compamy that still only pays minimum wage 
i guess its Gilmore girls and Bed. this reminds me so much of winter and Laying in bed w my Max 
I guess it's tru that when you grow up you grow apart from your friends...I never thought it would happen but it's starting to 
I guess its yet another day im not going to be able to lay out by the pool 
I guess I've gotten used to waking up super early.... This sucks bc all I wanted to do was sleep in 
I guess Jesus isn't coming to the party. 
I guess my body hasn't adjusted to working like a slave yet  damn I wish I didn't like expensive things!
I guess my iPhone is not going to make it to it's 2 year birthday after all. Died twice this weekend 
I guess my phone isn't receiving texts  what the hell.
I guess my physics final isn't till Wednesday.. I thought it was tomorrow  sucks. I hate waiting
I guess next season of Heroes won't be as good as I'd hoped. 
I guess no one is awake with me...... 
i guess no1 wants 2 go to roscoes wit me 2day and i was gonna pay too  fuck yall!!!lol
i guess not 
i guess nothing is happening... not even P7 party 
I guess sleep is best suited to others 
I guess sleeping isnt an option tonight 
I guess some people neve ever change... 
I guess that means it's time to wake up 
I guess that means no more inside Twitter jokes between me, Kelly &amp; Mr.Sirimanne now  Boo! It was better when every1 was confused
I guess that new soap was a bad idea. Rash and itching and a long day of classes do not a good mix make. 
I guess that's a no   #mets #reyes
i guess that's what i get for wanting to work in a hospital! i dont peel dood! 
I guess the answer to my last status is NO!   
I guess the bestie and Ismael hate me and Rachel now hahaah. Stupid Wayne wouldn't finish the story 
I guess they dont need me n e more. Thats such a horrible feeln. 
I guess this gonna be an early night cause clearly nobody is in the ville 
I guess u gon be wit me errday cuz she aint  @gunnafcm
I guess we are going sailing since I can't go see Jayme 
I guess we can't go on lunch together dondon  or chrissyboo
i guess we were never like Penelope and Odysseus   http://plurk.com/p/12nj0d
I guess wearing heels last night payed off, I have a cholie horise in my leggg 
I guess you're not talking about Orlando Magic @whoiskenan! There was nothing magical about it 
I guess, technically, it IS tmrw. Hmmm. 
i guesss today i will get a Migraine Attack  have started my day with a terrible headache
I h8 2day! da lakers 1 n da dodgers lost!  thats not good!!!  &lt;''DUDE!''-me&gt;
i h8 havin a cold  its lame
i h8 wen the screen of my fone is broke ppl are txtin me n i have no money for a new fone, my friend is depresed n my bro in hospital! 
I h8 you taylor 
i haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate sundays!!!!!!! school tommorow (yep in england summer hols arent till july 
I haaaaaaaaaate bugs   
I HAAAAAATE CHORES WITH A PASSION! Grr.  Gotta vacuum and fold clothes and do dishes and pack and PICK UP DOG POOP. Whoop whoop.
I haaaaate having the cold. 
I haaaaate my job 
I haaate exams especially when you fail 
I had 2 love someone enough 2 let them go &amp; although I hope they return I don't think they will!! Damn this hurts like hell! 
I had 2 nightmares last night.  I totally know better than watching scary movies I hate scary movies
i had 2 return Keith 2day..  im gonna hire it again haha
I had 30 more minutes to sleep and Mamaw called and woke the baby.  Oh well. Time to go to the doctor,... my turn today... fun.
I had 9 followers on Twitter, then I checked out. 4 of them were spammers 
I had a ant invasion in my car  what a terrible creatures!
I had a bad dream an now i cant go to sleep   KEILIGIRL254
I had a bad dream last night. 
I had a bad dream that Ben died, it made me cry 
i had a bad dream. and now im up up to get ready for work 
I had a bad dream. It amazes me how something not real can ruin your day 
I had a bad dream. Two nights in a row  huhuhu
I had a bad first break  they called me a liar and twisted my words.
I had a banana, rasp, blueberry smoothie, wheatgerm and organic ground flax seeds, this morning, I forgot to add GM's energy powder 
I had a blast drinking it up for the LSU national Championship!!!!!!!! Now it it time to go to bed since I have to be a WEIU at 9:30 
i had a blast in Nashville... I don't want to work tomorrow... 
i had a bunny named rupert for about 5 minutes  then he ran away. 
i had a clean car and then it rained.  Car not so clean now
I had a crazy dream last night that I was on a beach and a big storm came through and a bunch of big whales got washed on shore.  
I had a dream before I was at dennys with Patrick Swayze, I hate dennys but I love Patrick.. I hope he is ok.. 
i had a dream i got my braces off... 
I had a dream I saw my first teacher crush again and fell in love with him all over again. Tried to find him on tinternets but no joy 
I had a dream I turned straight last night ... If only life was so fair! 
I had a dream I was drinking ice tea in a jersey. I miss the bottle of ice tea at lyn's school. 
i had a dream last night and i went to london.. only if it was true 
I had a dream last night I went out to dinner with my friends and they abandoned me when I went to the bathroom. 
I had a dream last night that i was going to see green day that night. Was soo disappointed when i woke up 
I had a dream last night that I was turning 18 again and my mom threw me a surprise b-day party, but no one showed up. 
I had a dream last night that Wide Awake was updated.  It's not...of course.
i had a dream that i didnt have any soap and couldn't take a shower... i was so scared!   thank goodness i have lots of soap in real life
I had a dream that i found my camera 
I had a dream that I had my own customized pea coat. No bouffant or lipstick though 
I had a dream that I went to Evo fest, but I didn't. 
I had a dream that matt came home early and i woke up superrrr excited. Then i realized it wasnt real 
I had a dream that my boyfriend dumped me for my friend 
I had a dream that my hair was past shoulder length again 
I had a dream that TIB fired me via a hotdog package..I hope they're more professional than that! I have a billion PIN mailers to tend to 
I had a fantastic time with my friends the other night. Miss them already 
I had a friend I met via YT and it seems that now he could care less. he either does not care or is not brave enuf to talk to me. 
I had a gold fish once, and it dyed within 3 days 
I had a good day today, but I haven't forgotten that today wasn't so good for others. One day the whole country will get there. 
I had a good day today... Idk why I can't seem to relax right now. I'm too animated  something like busta rhymes. I really do want to yell
I had a good link to one where a guy tried to grope a girl on the train but she  turned around and gave him an earful..vid is gone now 
I Had a good night! Wish I could have hung out more  but I guess nannys like me have to work too so later everyone!
I had a great day but I'm still a bit bummed that I missed #chuckmemondays 
I had a great dream last night where i was riding around on a motorbike with Taylor...it's a shame i had to wake up 
i had a great dream last night, i didn't wanna wake up  ohh well
i had a great last day  gonna miss everyone so much!!!
i had a great night 2night! but fucking manly won!!  but was still a great night!
I had a GREAT time last night. Feeling real happy... all I need is my phone now. 
I had a great time with you!....I just hope you feel better soon, cause sickness is making me sad 4u 
i had a great vacation last week. no it's back 2 work 
I had a great week in Orlando! Now back to work  Actually I can't complain about my job... I work at home!  http://www.arrfdesigns.com
I had a hard time loving people as Christ did, today people picking stuff up at my work were just dumb, and annoying 
I had a headache all day 
I had a horrible dream....  
i had a horrible migraine this morning! 
I had a horrible night! I couldn't sleep because I was sick! I can't wait to feel better 
I had a job interview today. Now  the waiting begins. 
I had a lot of amazing times this year. Great teachers, and memories. And it's ending on thursday 
I had a lovely night  x
I had a lovely weekend and now of course my agents are blowing up my phone....I may have to fly back early.. 
I had a mini-meltdown at work today, burst into tears in front of my manager. My uncle's injury has hit me harder than I realised...pfft 
I had a miserable day at school. Allergies 
I had a new work picture taken today, hated it, it looks too much like me http://bit.ly/PHjUR  
I had a nice swim, a visit with Grandma and some oatmeal cookies, yummy!  Thought I might make things when I got home, but I'm too tired 
I had a nightmare again 
I had a nightmare, so now i'm awake. 
I had a pimple inside my left ear today. I popped it, it bled, it hurt 
I had a really bad nightmare last night.I was caught by a bull while seeing a bullfighting. 
i had a really great weekend with great company! Sad they are leaving 
I had a really long scary nightmare 
I had a right shit nights sleep, still feel tired 
I had a rough day at work today. It seemed like if I breathed it was wrong. Came home and took a nap. Vaca tomorrow. It is cold &amp; rainy. 
I had a rough day,, i dont like fighting 
I had a severe reaction to the antibiotics for the spider bite that sent me back to the ER 
I had a story about they shower I just took, but I forget what happened. It was so funny though 
i had a superbad dream hiks  i try to forget it, but i always remember . try to positve thinking but im still scare.
I had a sweet dream last night. Too bad it's over now; back to reality. 
I had a terrible day today. I was caught by police for carrying things on the temporary licensed car. They charged me 10000 kyat. 
I had a terrible night. 
i had a test today, a math test . i was terrible :-| i don't like math 
I had a theory: If you play the game &amp; make up the rules then you win. But @ some point it isnâ€™t a game anymore &amp; you just feel the loss 
I had a thought &quot;Jason Aldean is sexy...&quot; and then his wife pops up on the screen  He's taken... Smart lady.
I had a very unpleasant morning.  my mom woke me up to go to the market with her. wth.
I had a weird dream. i dont rembr it now, i just rembr the feeling i had. i woke up ready to cry. 
i had a wired dream last night  it was scary.
I had all kinds of caffine today ! And I'm still tired.. I'm gonna miss being lazy  waiting for next weekend ..
I had an accident  I ran to the door... but, I just really had to go bad  Mama forgives, but won't let me go bye-byes with Carrie 
I had an amazing time with @alexaann last night I miss you already 
I had an annoying day today. and it was boring  and i'm slighty pissed right now :{ grrrr.....
I had an awesome day. Lunch at the fort, slacklining with the gibbons tour, and dinner with my sister.  Now just the drive home left 
I had an AWESOME time last night at the white party....but now I have a TERRIBLE hang over 
i had an awesome time with todd at the zoo and at his house today. wishing i could spend all night with him. 
I had an awesome weekend at Mizzou! Makes me realize how much I miss it   I'm also sick of the rain right now
I had another late night  ! I feel kinda crappy. -sigh- i always search for things that will hurt me...
I had another mickey d's! 
I had at least three individual dreams involving Sylar. Wtf, subconscious. Peter was there too, but he shapeshifted into Sylar 
I had awful night, but i have in front of me awful week 
I had better stop twatting about on here and go and reply to the LEGO(r)  lady's email 
I had chinese food for lunch and didn't save my leftovers. I wish I had my leftovers 
I had crabs for lunch &amp; will have adobo for dinner. And i am eating alone. 
I had enough sobbing. Now I'm hungry. 
I had fun Arlene n Jeneka!I got 2 hours of sleep  hella tired!!!!!
I had fun at shangri- la last night. Too bad Kolby has to go back to FL today 
I had fun on the Google &quot;Day in the Cloud&quot; promotion, but I had internet connection and MAJOR time management problems.  
I think the fact one of my close friends has cancer has just hit me 
i think the guitar hero guitar spoil 
I think the hamster at GigaPan's website has taken the day off 
I think the HDMI cable died in the move today. 
i think the heater has stopped working, because i am now freezing 
I think the intake pump on our dishwasher has died. 
I think the kindle DX is worse than the Kindle 2.  I love my Kindle 1 though.
I think the latest book I bought on Ebay got lost 
I think the models' parents are all here 
I think the movie " Brokeback Mountain " was stupid and overexagerated...
I think the Nolans have taken all my Kerry obsession now that she's gone 
i think the revision finally paid off! just need to learn these bloody prime minsters!nervous about it tomorrow though 
i think the single life is for me. but i sure could use someone in my life. i think it would take me away from so much worry..... 
I think the strange fluid and weird noises coming from my fork mean I should probably take the Hei Hei to the shop. 
i think the sun has going on its holidays... Best come back sooon tho, we miss you 
I think the sun knows when I want to tan because it's always overcast on my days off 
I think the tomato plant is offiicially dead. The pitcher plant doesn't look too good either. 
I think the tv world has gotten way too accustomed to widescreens, bc i can't read the letters of these gameshows on my tiny tv 
I think the UPS web site hates me now. Still no Brewing supply package.  Held hostage at work by slow UPS delivery 
I think the WiFi on my iPhone is broken. It will &quot;connect&quot;, but when I actually have to use it that's another story... 
I think the writing may be on the cards already for this first football match 
I think the yeast hate me. 
I think there are people sleeping downstairs  I want a cup of tea!
I think there is a misprint in my math book 
I think there is a problem with SG. I feel suffocated and sick. Was sweating all night last night  (in an airconditioned room)
I think there will be no traveling this summer for me 
I think these clowns are far too badly decomposed to be funny. Or scary 
I think they all forgot. Honestly 
I think they made plastic donut packages for a reason. They want to make sure EVERYONE knows you're going for a second jelly filled. 
I think they should amend the saying to be: &quot;Only 3 things in life are guaranteed- death, taxes, &amp; Mondays.&quot; [insert audible groan here] 
I think this caffeine headache is going to make my head explode 
I think this could be a cold, not allergies 
I think this got lost in the post  &gt; http://rfly.me/mm / Plunked for 10 day delivery. Now 13 days and counting. (@Twitter and @Threadless)
I think this is my forth weekend in a row that I have come into the office. 
i think this is the worst headache i've EVER had. 
i think this isn't goodnight,this is goodbye.. 
I think this was the most boring Friday I ever had 
I think this week is going slow because there is no hockey to look forward to 
I think Tigalily is sick again  am sitting with her to try and cheer her up.
i think today is going to be a bad day....took an anatomy test and got a 80....so bad 
I think today will be a rainy day. Not good. It'll be a lot of mud in my way to work 
i think today.. is a shitti day  gfs.. peinlich 
I think TOI is biased ....... 
I think tonight needs to be an early one...I'm exhausted 
I think tonight signals the start of rainy season 
i think too much 
I think Tubby is all sad because he doesn't have anybody to pick on anymore. 
I think twitter broke 
i think twitter has reached its breaking point 2 nite...unless they change this shit back..its basically reached its max...it wuz fun tho 
I Think Twitter Hates Me  Sad Dayz
I think twitter makes me gay after dark 
i think vacation can't come soon enough. I'll even settle for tomorrow that is if I didn't have to work 
I think we got hit by straightline winds or a tornado!! Lots of trees down &amp; no interwebs 
i think we have a spare but idk if it will fit 
i think we have classes tomorrow.. 
I think we have shins so we can find things in the dark.. Ok now that's gonna leave a bruise 
I think we made &quot;Super Daddy&quot; (@bribearsd) mad.. 
I think we picked up Kennel Cough from being boarded @ the vet (Corinth Animal Hospital)last week.Humans are checking into it.  Not happy 
I think we should all watch this tragically enlightening documentary. Its so sad  http://bit.ly/Qx8vA
I think we should take a break 
I think we were fogotten. 
I think we will be able to swim *to* the pool later this morning. Not a good forecast either &amp; Robin's playing outside tomorrow! Summer? 
I think we're clear of a tornado. Even tho we're on watch until tonight 
I think when I get home I am going to go golfing in my backyard for a little bit and then help my mom water. UGH!! I don't want to. 
I think when you should be asleep is a fine time to tweet! Only I have nothing fun to say. Bit of a downside actually 
I think with the downtime coming it would be a good time to shower and get stuff done that I've been putting off since last week. 
i think wolverine's hot! But im studying chemistry 
I think you can talk to the sit admins re: your e3 pics, no? @kappachan that sux. Pic stealing 
i think you sprained my pinky finger. 
I think youre being unfair nathan 
i think youtube hates me it keeps not working  i think i have an addiction to the internet.. wait i DO have an addiction im gona break it
I think, heï¿½s gone 
I think, it is interesting to live in Russia. But it is too difficult. The people are too malevolent 
I think... I miss you 
I thnk i shuld go talk 2 ppl but im kinda shy. UHG. My stomache hurts.   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
i thnk i'm goin to kill myself if my memory stick dont start workin agen soon!!! 
i thnk someone hacked into my twitter  oh well lol irdc HAHA
I though groups of Google Apps were something like Google groups (groups.google.com) 
I though there was gonna be real food at this tea party  im so disapointed
I thought a fry-up would be a good idea but after the biggest fry-up ever, I think I over did it - suddenly feeling hungover 
I thought Brokeback Mountain was a terrible movie.
I thought Brokeback Mountain was incredibly depressing...
i thought campmeeting was supossed to be a week  oh well.
I thought everyone won somethong in vegas 
I thought I broke my ease of being in a hospital years ago... I'm still have nausea... 
I thought I could eat breakfast, no. Ew. I feel sick 
I thought I did 
I thought i felt better....and then i tried standing up....not so much 
i thought i got rid of my cold  obviously no ae !! i really do hate a blocked nose btw.
i thought i got tan today..but nikkie crushed my hopes by telling me i didnt  haha
I thought i had gotten over my jet lag, but maybe not. I still feel exhausted in the day, and alert at night. Plus i now have a cold too. 
I thought I had work today. Turns out it's tomorrow. Canceled proper work for nada. 
I thought i just saw @riandawson ..but it wasnt 
I thought I saw ASkarsgard in Veronica Mars today. Apparently I'm seeing phantom Erics 
I thought i saw juneyboomdata's backup dancer come into work. I made al ask. But it wasn't him 
i thought i smelled my dad's cologne, and now i miss him 
I thought I was feeln better  well better than yestrday but still krappy  waaaahhhhh :,( lol O I can not wait til I'm better again!!!
I thought I was finally getting rid of this feeling but I guess not 
I thought I was getting more followers.. all I was getting was more pr0n spam... 
I thought I was gonna be done school this week. Turns out my last final is next Monday. 
I thought I'd wake to hear of #PwnageTool release, still no? 
i thought I'm supposed to be able to sleep in on the weekends?! Ariana got me up at 6:30! Maybe take the kids to see UP today, no 3D here 
I thought it was &lt;3. I didn't misinterpret your feeling, I was wrong about mine. *Ouch  http://myloc.me/4qCf
i thought it was going to rain! but it never did... 
I thought It was gonna rain today!   Will this stubborn heat ever end?
i thought it was really alyson. i was faked! 
I thought it was summer 
I thought it was supposed to be June. What is all this rain? And I'm bummed I'm not going to Long Island tonight. 
I thought it was supposed to be nice out today. 
I thought Jonas Brothers prices were too high...Miley Cyrus prices are totally disgusting 
I thought Lisa was online 
i thought medicine was supposed to make you feel better 
I thought my Buckyweat was great... but Big brother didn't.. now i realise she looked more like Ribena 
I thought my friend has left medan for so long. Nope, she just left 3 or 4 days ago. It's just seems long. Hurry back!!!!!! 
I thought my stalker had left me but it turns out he just took a five month hiatus 
I thought nighttime medicine is suppose to make you fall asleep...I feel miserable  someone sing me a lullabye.
I thought the apps were dinner and now I'm full 
i thought the dj was @radiorose for like half a second. then i realized she'd never come to Atlanta (hint hint) 
I thought the tablet was coming this June  Darn  you Apple... http://bit.ly/F1QHG
I thought there was more Fanta in my can than there was 
I thought this was Kriss Kross of Jump jump fame, not Chris Cross.  No jump jump 
i thought this was supposed to be different!!!! i feel like such a fool.....  
I thought this was the desert. it is raining so hard! such a gloomy day. austin's funeral is today  god bless the stoner family
I thought this wouldn't hurt a lot, I guess not 
i thought today maybe i could actually get up and face the daytime but now it looks like i'm better off lying in bed thinking about it. 
I thought today was wednesday 
I thought today was Wednesday when I woke up 
I thought twitter was supposed to be fixed by this morning? Via Web crap is annoying as hell 
i thought u loved my cat @mkortsep?? 
I thought up a great name for the Orc this afternoon on the drive home but I'm completely spacing on the first syllable of it 
i thought vacation was cool but right now i wanna go to school!  bcause its really really really boring
I thought we had &quot;The Americanization of Emily&quot; on video.  I'm sort of sad that we don't.  
I thought when I'd wake up, it's suddenly morning. 
I thought Wipeout was on tonight, its on tomorrow night...  O well, I'll watch the Twins game!
I thought, for a while, that Google Wave was like a mexican wave, that you did on a computer. The truth is much less fun 
I threw a surprise party and it went well, exc. the fact that the main element (the surprise) did not happen! Not sure I'll be repeating 
I threw my bra at the singer from Marianas Trench, setting the womans right movent back about 10 years. Also lost my pretty shoes. 
I threw up....a lot. Pain killers make my tummy upset.  At least I'm alive though...
I told chris shaun was still here so he jumped out of bed, then he realized he wasnt here and is all sad  poor guy..lol
I told her thank you for her kindness and she hugged me...and it made me cry  Anytime I share Army's story it overwhelms me
i told him how i felt last night, and im not sure i got the response i wanted 
I told my mom i'd become a hermit if things didn't work out with my ex. i guess its hermit time now. 
i told myself i wasn't gonna cry and then one kid that everyone made fun of all year said &quot;it's been a good year&quot; 
I told myself I wouldn't stay up this late again tonight. It's his fault though. get out of my head 
I told them I was 20 and background dancer for Pretty Ricky.  But I left my Red Draws at home. They was like awww man   ROTFLMAO Youngins
i told u i wanted 2 cum  nada just havin fun erry chance i get goin 2 vegas in july @MelissaMendez
I told you guys to leave.  &lt;VegasSkies&gt;
I told you someday you come crawling back and asking me to take you in! &lt;3 Sorry Babe 
I took a catnap in the afternoon. I had bad dream 
I took a nap w makeup on. Woke up w swollen lids!!! Nvr again. Allergies out of control...getting meds tmw 
I took a nap... and know I have to study... -_- not good 
i took a picture with @mattfazzi but i guess it didn't come out...it's not on the camera 
I took a shower in blue berry vodka tonight and not by choice  but I had fun dancin'!
I took an unexpected 5hr nap....sooooo now I'm up &amp; super energized all by my lonesome 
I took her cracker now she doesn't love me  
I took it apart, therefore I can put it back together - a fallacy that I'll never learn from 
I took medicine &amp; my fever got higher instead of lower? Ughhh, wtf. My body aches 
I took my braids down and washed my hair. OMG!!! It's a bad hair day for me 
I took sleeping pills like an idiot. sappose to wake up @ 6 ended up waking up @ 1140 
i toooooooooooooooooootally hate sundays 
i totally ate springs at gymnastics, my face hurts, its really red, and i have a headache  the cab tomorrow!
I totally burned the roof of my mouth on my dinner 
I totally can't do male friends, i just want my Korea back. This is bull man. 
I totally didn't tear up today. 
I totally drive like a grandmaw now 
I totally effed my midterm 
I totally expected it to be WAY better than this 
i totally forgot about our history test tomorrow. crap. i gotta go study.....  
I totally forgot that eastern Indiana is 1 hour later than here.  That means I have to get up an hour earlier than I thought tomorrow! 
I totally forgot thats its friday till I read @AlyssaNoelleD's tweet. Ha. I feel dumb  *Take A Breath*
I totally forgot we were going to do fisheye 2night   What u doing Thursday....  Btw.... I'm so late with the hills... LOL
I totally just got a mosquito bite on my poison ivy 
i totally just wrote a song! like i wish i could share it with someone but everyones busy 
I totally made up a song about the sun yesterday and the tune was really funny, but i can't remember it 
i totally miss him!  
I totally miss my mohawk  http://tinyurl.com/lgd5uv
I totally need help or some suggestions for a song! ANY TAKERS??!?!?! JORDIN? DAVID? JOHN?  ANYONE?
i totally need to go to the doctor for my arm...this bitch is STILL hurtin like hell      i shall return
I totally said &quot;ah did as&quot; instead of &quot;uh dee dus&quot; LMAO! Wills still laughing @ mee 
I totally smashed the pad of my pinky in between my vault doors and now I have a blood blister and it hurts really badly. 
I totally understand that the fortune teller gave you an information which made me feel kinda miserable. Nice job listenin' to that. 
i totally work tomorrow stupid work 
I trekked all the way to drumheller with a bag of moldy bread and there are no ducks or geese 
i tried 2 take a photo in my hurley jumper buuut the hurley comes out backwards..   down point of my day
I tried again but your still the same. Then its not ment to happen. Right?  wish it would
I tried calling my dad and he didnt answer 
I tried changing my pic green to support. &amp; it doesn't change 
i tried fixing her hair  it still looks awful just not so bad
I tried it, but in vain! I can't follow myself 
I tried john i tried. Next time. sold out  cant win em all.
I tried my hardest to stay up, but I fell asleep before Conan even started. 
I tried on the Jiano helmet today  It doesn't fit right:http://is.gd/QZJW I did like the Nolan 103 though. http://is.gd/QZLW
i tried pressing the  button it wont let me follow @headphones4two
I tried running for half an hour, something like that, and boy was it hard. I feel so drained today, no energy. I am so disappointed 
I tried the best I could to make baby cheer up but nothing seems to be working 
I tried to book a train for alton towers but it refused my card 
i tried to bribe my sister for her ice cream in the fridge but she didnt take it, mean girl 
I tried to call gimpy his mom was out side 
I tried to capture it to let it outside safely. but my dog caught and apparently killed the poor thing 
I tried to do an @PaintMeLikeIAm picture video thing. I failed terribly. 
I tried to do the kick thing for the day. But I went back to the heels.  what's wrong with me!! Lol
I tried to do this in yoga just now. http://is.gd/12KMu but fell out of the pose and bashed my leg on on a cabinet. My leg REALLY hurts 
i tried to fix my ipod and it didn't work  r.i.p ipod, you were good while you lasted.
I tried to get my sister back for her getting me last night on Facebook but the internet won't load on her laptop. 
I tried to get off work so I could buy bread and milk since it was snowing but my boss wont let me 
I tried to give blood today but was rejected  oh well maybe next time!
i tried to goto a new fried chicken spot tonight but i went to the wrong one which sucked and they were around the corner from each othe 
I tried to hold out, I did, but Apple made me buy QT Pro 
I tried to let the world all know last night I had the best cocktail ever but twitter was being dumb. 
I tried to make an impulse book buy, but then I got stuck trying to decide which one to choose from my 160+ TBR list. 
I tried to post from my phone but it was being weird so I'll try again later. 
I TRIED TO PUT A IRON ON , ON MY BOOK BAG AND I BURNT MY BAG WITH THE IRON LOL.. BUZZ KEEP MAKING FUN OF ME  ... (BASTARD) LOL
I tried to put a song lyric for my last update, but it was too long. 
i tried to put it back up... it fell on my head and my labbits bubble gum broke 
I tried to rent the 15mm for my wedding this weekend but there weren't any affordable ones in stock 
i tried to sleeepp but its not going to happeenn 
I tried to sleep in but that really didnt  work out the way I thought  Waffles or a bagel? Hmmm...
I tried to tell my friends, but they thought it was a joke  â™« http://blip.fm/~8c88g
i tried to update my profile pic n now losted the 1 i had,,,,sorry everybody 
I tried to upload a new profile pic, but it didnt work as its animated. I tried uploading another one, it told me it worked, but it hasnt 
I tripped on the stairs and now my wrist/hand hurts 
I tripped over the cord and broke my favorite lamp today.  I'm such a dope sometimes.
i truely hate the rain 
I truly don't feel well. BRB. 
I truly don't know what to do about my ex-girlfriend. Locked in the psych ward because of ME. Calling all the time. 'Prolly lose her job. 
I try but twitter shoots me down 
i try it to make my mind is blank or ZONK! 
i try not to complain because someone is always worse off than myself. thinking about the GM families today and those who lost their jobs 
I try so hard and love so much and get nothin but pain in return... Im so hurt 
I try to be productive during the first 30 before work starts, I usually end up on here doing nothing productive 
i try to do the dishes. i don't think &quot;oh i'm doing the dishes, i might aswell do them shit&quot;. @trouble182 wanted me to attend a seminar 
i try to force my self to sleep last night at 1 and went to bed at 5 i am just a all nighter i guess 
I try to keep adding a photo but twitter isn't letting me... it's not over the 700k limit either 
I try to see the earthlings movie but I just can't do it. I don't eat meat and I can't believe I use to. Horrible what is done to animals 
I tryed to get me a iPhone ....................  did'nt work  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr     
i trying out twitter for the first time and really gonna miss my dad this fathers day!      Love you daddy...
I turned off that tv and lights i been laying in the dark and i still cant sleep 
I turned on my ipod,&quot;Hit Or Miss&quot; byNFG came on  its like summing up my life at the moment  fml 
I turned right...but I didn't find your arms. 
i tweet about food and i get follows @tacobelltruck and @cantersdeli. i tweet about zac efron -- nothing 
I tweet becuse without twitter I wouldn't exist. 
I tweet so little, I can hardly call myself a twat anymore 
i tweeted too soon...my iphone/itunes have gone back to their previous state of not cooperating with each other 
I twitted earlier, saying usually by noon i'll be getting ready to go out. Bt not today  boring..
I twitter super late  DAMN IT!
i twittered thru my phone but it's not succesfully sent. why why why 
I txt you and you never txt back  @spencerpratt
i typed it up to see if mayo have one and they dont every other county has one except us  thats not fair
I uh....i think im going to go shave  http://digg.com/d1uXvi
i understand nothing ... 
I unfortunately left an !identica group I've just created. Now, I joined it again, but I'm not admin on it anymore  A solution ? Thanks !
I unleashed the fury of 1499 ladybugs onto the aphids of my veggie beds. There was an &quot;accident&quot; with Ladybug #1500  
I untie my hair, than tie it back. Suddenly I've got a big hair ball on the desk. I want to cry....  
I updated to from Opera 10 beta to Opera 10.00b1 &amp; I lost all my wand pwds and bookmarks. Not bad 
I upgraded to IE8 is anyone else using this? lots of pics don't seem to work 
i uploaded 1 bad quality video, i just record it on a webcam. and i swear the quality is so bad! and hate the video.  i swear.
I uploaded a YouTube video -- My entry to the @ReallyMobile #WeekofWin - I'm NOT really mobile  http://bit.ly/qO1cE
I uploaded the update @tweetdeck and now I can't log in or use it at all  what is going on?
I upset @aishatyler called The Rookie Master Chief, and  loved her. 
i use gmail as remote outlook folder via imap but it regularly loses the connection - i have to restart outlook to get it back - rubbish 
I use to be good in math but now I suck 
I used all my network savvy on my determined to get lots of site members using the new Google bar.  http://infomonkeynow.com So far    lol
I used my 3000th tweet picking on somebody's spelling instead of saying something profound or amusing. 
I used the card last night to deposit a check in the ATM. I have the receipt. Must've left the card in the machine. 
I USED TO &lt;3 Em  this album left me quite disappointed ... #mtvmovieawards
I used to hate Harry Potter...
I used to know tonnes of people in Sydney, now everyone's in Melbourne 
I used to moderate a popular teen message board. Scary lures being used out there.  #theonlinemom
I used to name them mo3ath I - II - III - IIII 
I used to think the cry of the mourning dove belonged to the owl.  Be quiet, birds.  I am tired. 
i used to twitter a lot more than i do now 
i used to twitter/tweet so often, now i only check tumblr  I'll tweet more, I promise 
i used up all the download  pc is so slow. shouldnt have downloaded so many movies &gt;&lt;
I usually look forward to Fridays, the gateway to weekends...but not this week though...I got to work this Friday night   Stupid work!!!
I usually love to follow @markknoller , but my GOD don't the Obamas deserve a BIT of privacy?  Mood: stalking
i ve no frends here 
I very much dislike all day storms because of them I could slepp all day 
I very much dislike the new Facebook application for Blackberry 
I very much need this coffee... Didn't really sleep last night 
i waanna go mimi,,,but i need to waait for myyy clothes!!! 
i waannnaaa gooo tooo beyonceee 
i waisted 4 boxes of tissues today becuz of my stupid runny nose.  kayy bye love you all. !
I waited n was stressing for this shit??? Still the fuckin Same if you ask me.. &amp;&amp; NO MMS 
I waited the whole of today for your  text. nothing came. guess it was just another empty sentence, yeah? i think i gotta crush on you 
I waited too long to decide to upgrade to a 3GS.  Now they are all sold out 
i wake up 2 hrs before i have to be at mikes  but urs is earlier
I wake up early for training and it gets canceled but I still need to go to town  and I think I got man-flu 
I wake up too early for summer 
I walk in for a internship, Land a 1 year contract yet can't accept it...this would be easier if I was rejected  
i walked 9 miles 2day along a canal in the beautiful sunshine!!! got bad sunburn though 
I walked all day &amp; it was HOT. Oh so sticky-icky-icky  Shower time.
I walked past the Napier Police Station today... saw all the flowers under the flag (from the Memorial Service for Len Snee) i teared up 
i wan to sleep!another 1.5 hours to go...seriously need a new job 
I wana go to the beach but im at work and i dnt drive so il just make do with the garden when i get home 
I wana see mitchel musso tonight 
i wana watch rove but mummy wont let me  i needa re-arrange mah room so my TV will fit
i wann ago see tbs and anberlin on friday 
i wanna a good fic to read. 
I wanna be a rock star..but now I'm a normal person  HAHA
i wanna be at a new kids concert 
i wanna be at bamboozle..  pancakkkes.
I wanna be at BEA as well!!!!   #BEA09
I wanna be at Fenway tonight seeing DMB! 
i wanna be at fiesta filipino. foood! 
I wanna be at home sleeeeeepin  We started Mattie on foods last night. and got a camcorder  loves it!
I wanna be at the logies 
I wanna be better before my wedding! haha! Seriously, I don't want to be sick when I get married. That would majorly blow 
i wanna be better so i can go out, no fair 
I wanna be different 
i wanna be famous so bad all my friends say im funny and theres a lot of undiscoverd people and im one of them!    
I wanna be going to JoBros now  Don't want to wait till Nov!!
I wanna be in a punk rock band again 
i wanna be in america 
i wanna be in ash. today and tomorrow 
I WANNA BE IN ATLANTA AND BE IN MY BABY'S ARMS!!! I WUV HIM SO MUCHHHHHHHH. ughhhhhhhhh i wanna see him NOWWWWWWWWW!!! 
I wanna be in California already!! August is too far away 
i wanna be in greecee / creteee right now 
I wanna be in Marble Arch 
I wanna be in Rome 
I wanna be in san antonio 
I wanna be in Spain now 
i wanna be love drunk 
i wanna be on the beach too! 
I wanna be out in the sunshineeeeeee 
I wanna be part of a team. 
I wanna be someones exception 
i wanna be tan 
i wanna be there . . not here 
I wanna be warm 
I wanna be with my baby na 
I wanna be with my boys 
I wanna be with you... but I don't think is the best option 
i wanna be your pool girl  http://yfrog.com/7hzjgj
i wanna buy a puzzle :| i have years without playing with one 
i wanna buy albums!  but i cant.
I wanna buy more push pops 
I wanna buy so much  things are so nice at this mall.
i wanna buy the &quot;NEW MOON&quot; novel but urghhh its sold out to every books store i go! 
i wanna buy the new T707 
I wanna change my twitter picture, but my phone won't let me.  lol.
i wanna change schools so baaaddddd   Mama says i should wait til the end of the year though... that would make more sense i guess.
I wanna check out the new DJ Hero 
i wanna come with them to bohol!!!! 
I wanna cry for these Nuggets 
I wanna cry so bad 
I wanna cry. I hate letting freinds go  What a fucked up crazy day. No worries RadL we can do this brother! Your Macho Man to my Hogan!
I wanna cry. I just wanna go home and lay in my bed.   this is exactly why I don't ever leave my house.
I wanna cuddle on a couch and watch disney movies. 
i wanna curl my hair, but i dont know how 
i wanna delete my fb again 
i wanna die.and @tarcecyrus is not replying ( can somebody help me ? 
i wanna die.and @tracecyrus is not replying ( can somebody help me ? 
i wanna do some shopping XD seriously 
I wanna do something 
i wanna do something besdies chatting on my ym.. ... boring day... 
i wanna do something tonight 
i wanna dragqueen boyfriend.   and do his hair/makeup everyday.
I wanna drink haha, but all the girls left  no cuddle buddy 
i wanna dye my hair back to black 
I wanna eat 
I wanna eat a lot of things, haven't eat sour sally yet 
i wanna eat chocolate with  peaces of coffee 
I wanna eat Hollander Pie and Chocolate Feullentine mousse!  got this huge craving for it.
i wanna eat jackfruit but I cant find any nearby!! boooo ..... 
i wanna eat my tempura chips 
I WANNA EAT PIZZA HUT BUT MY MOMMY DON'T LET ME EAT BECAUSE THEY ARE RACIST. wtf?  I WANT STUFF CRUST LEH!  http://twitpic.com/6ikx1
I wanna eat Royce chocolates.....  - http://tweet.sg
I wanna eat.. There's nothing to eat.. Poor, poor me!  &amp;&amp; I'm sooooooo bored!
i wanna follow the real Hayden Panettiere.  but where is she??
I wanna fuckin drink! 
i wanna gain my weight... how?? 
I wanna get a black kitty so I can name it Merlot to go with my white dog named Chardonnay but hubs wont let me!    Not fair!
I wanna get a lip ring and every1s against it... 
i wanna get away from manila and the virus!! 
I wanna get back to school.... I miss him....a lot. 
I wanna get back to the old days  I miss you
I wanna GET BACK to the old days.... @ddlovato HELP ME! I'm just so crushed  It's been nearly 2 and a half years!! (read my tweets)
I wanna get bck on to Jonas Brothers youtube 
I wanna get Beyonce tix 4 her MSG date, but I dunno the presale codes 4 this mornings sale! I didnt realize her NYC date til today. 
I Wanna get one of those shirts that says &quot;TWITTER WHORE&quot; on it 
I wanna go act my shoe size an have a water fight 
i wanna go and see shia and @realmfox at the transformers premiere today  but no tickets  
I Wanna Go Back 2 Cedar Point 
I wanna go back 2 febuary  that's when I really loved my life and I would of change things and said YES and been even more happy YOY  WHY!
i wanna go back and see the boys sooo much.  monday 15th june, best night of my life so far 
i wanna go back in time 
i wanna go back to cancun  the people on the real world this season are SOOO lucky
I wanna go back to lex 
I wanna go back to sleep but I cant 
I wanna go back to sleep so bad. Don't really feel like working today 
I wanna go back to sleep!! Wahh!!! 
i wanna go back to tech 
I wanna go back to Tempe. I miss my Jamba friends. 
i wanna go back to uni  i miss my own room, and my laptop.
I wanna go back! I don't feel home here 
I wanna go beach again, but everyone's busy  Oh well!
I wanna go for a walk... But i really should eat something... But i feel like wayyy sicky  so i dunno if i can.
I wanna go for jog across the bk bridge wish @amilliemills was here.    she would be down...who else wanna come???
I wanna go golf tomorrow but this left shoulder is totally not working with me 
i wanna go home  i don't feel good *Say What??!!*
I wanna go home !!! I'm tired 
i wanna go home i wanna go home 
I wanna go home tears 
I wanna go home!  - http://tweet.sg
I wanna go home! It's too early to be working 
I wanna go home, but I have so much to do when I arrive, therefore, I don't want to go back! 
i wanna go home. i miss my family. 
I wanna go home.. I wanna do homework.  hmph. - http://tweet.sg
i wanna go home..oh my gee..i just relized the only attention i ever got.. Was from Mat.. I miss him.. 
I wanna go home.Now! 
I wanna go live, Where can I go live from?  MONYY WANTS TA GO LIVEE! 
i wanna go on an actual vacation. 
I wanna go on the computer! But noooo that sister of mine has to be on! 
I wanna go out badly!!!!  but nooo gotta refrain myself and study
I wanna go out to lunch but I don't have anyone to go with 
i wanna go out! so bored 
I wanna go see @mitchelmusso tonight  someone give me a rideee !
i wanna go see biffyyyy again 
I wanna go see GaGa.. heartbreaking to hear invite for the showcase are not for sale.  
I wanna go see lauren conrad  tonight at her signing.
I wanna go see The Breakup 
I wanna go see the cab really bad. 
I wanna go see up again reeallly bad but no one will go with me 
I wanna go see x factor live 
I wanna go shopping  shop for many nice clothes.
I wanna go shopping already! 
I wanna go shopping but I'm too broke to buy anything 
I wanna go shopping for a dress, but no one wants to come with me 
i wanna go shoppingand buy new MAC foundation and some eyeshadows and just go crazy but im getting paid tomorrow so i cant 
I wanna go swimsuit shopping 
I wanna go test drive luxury cars, but need a ride to the autopark 
i wanna go to @mileycyrus 's concert in december! but i cant afford it    need to get the money!!!
i wanna go to a cinema but i havent pocket money any more 
I wanna go to a movie tonight but i have to work 
i wanna go to america.  i miss my cousin`s there. ) INCLUDING YOU HARRY POTTER!
I wanna go to america...but I'm afraid to fly 
i wanna go to another country 
I wanna go to arbys but no one will take me right now 
I wanna go to asheville! 
I wanna go to Bamboozle with @martinsays  
I wanna go to bed but I can't fall asleep. 
i wanna go to build a bear 
i wanna go to cleveland dammit!! 
I wanna go to Disneyland tonight I'm finally feeling 80% better! I know that no one else will wanna go 
I wanna go to disneyland....I have a pass and haven't used it 
I WANNA GO TO IHOP AND I WANNA GO NOW  .... WHO WANTS TO TAKE ME TO IHOP??
I wanna go to LinnanmÃ¤ki again 
I wanna go to missouri!!! 
i wanna go to my cousin's houseee 
i wanna go to oktoberfest again this year, last year was mean as but somehow i dont fink im going to get there again in the next 3 years 
i wanna go to park ave, i never get to participate in record store day. 
I wanna go to Philippine fashion week. 
i wanna go to prom one day 
I wanna go to school  I miss mah BFF sooooooo much &gt;.&lt;!!!  Mah Duta, J.Pa, Haru, Nancie, Fei~ ( I miss U all (
i wanna go to Siti Nurhaliza's concert this June &quot;holiday&quot; 
I wanna go to Six Flags but Harry won't come with 
I WANNA GO TO SLEEEEEEP! Waaah! Gotta be back @ work in 7.5hrs! 
I wanna go to Tartu, but my mom won't let me -.-' Like whyyyyyyy???? 
I Wanna go to the beach now. stupid namh with her stupid present 
I wanna go to the beach this weekenddd. 
I wanna go to the beach! But idk if I'm going to  ugh!
i wanna go to the beach!!!! 
I wanna go to the beach. It's too hot...  anyways, i'm in English class and really bored.
i wanna go to the beachhh 
i wanna go to the beeeeeeeeeeach!! but i guess i'll settle for the pool in pearson 
I wanna go to the Borgata tonight if Rich is playing. 
I wanna go to the circus.. I wanna work at a circus!  I LOVE THE CIRCUS!!!! lol((:
i wanna go to the comedy festival that's coming here &amp; try &amp; get tickets to see shannon noll, but i don't think anyone will come with me 
i wanna go to the go station and take a bus to toronto and stay there!  FML!
I wanna go to the Gucci Cafe. 
I wanna go to the mall! Haha. Pretty bored right now..  i just wish i can sleep!
i wanna go to the metro station's concert. 
I had hair before Oprah. Now look at me 
i had history exam today  but i remembered the date of battle of hastings AND the year of the peasants revolt,,, im gooood
I had like 1 hour of sleep tonight. and I have two tests today 
I had like 5 starburts, and now I only have one..  its the strawberry one 
I had my last semestial exam and look forward to getting the summer holiday. I shall go to Vienna but I'll miss you all a lot in a while  
I had my wallet stolen at the hospital. 
I had no breakfast this morning... I already regret that  (its 9 am now)
I had no credit to update in FOREVER...  sooo... i better gets me some!!
i had no one to play with me at the park today  hopefully tomorrow isn't so lonely when i attempt to play basketball...
I had one of those dreams last night where I met a guy and fell in love with him. When I wake up, I really really want him to be real. 
I had only 3 hrs of sleep  now i have to function! my knees r so weak! I REALLY HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD PLAN!!!
I had only 5 hours of sleep last night  BEAT THAT @chulthecactus! LOL.
I had planned on straightening my hair. But then the computer DIED so I didn't straighten it. 
I had planned to code all day but my wife had other plans 
I had plans today, and now I'm scared of you know, moving, for fear of teh boke  fml.
i had ribs today and my belly hurts oh so bad  that's what happens when you stop eating meat for a long time  i think imma go vegetarian
i had salt &amp; pepper tofu for lunch. bummed out it wasnt near good enough like the one I had in ottawa once. 
I had so much fun today. We finally feel like a real class now. Vibes gud kami maxado. But I still miss iLuke. 
I had SO MUCH FUN tonight. I have the best, most entertaining and talented friends ever. I might miss Noller after all 
@jcrawfud Dude. Locke's whole Jacob vendetta turned out to be jaw dropping. BAAAAAW. I want more episodes 
@jcrillz gah! an hour and a half to load!!! 
@jcrillz there was no rain!!! Wooo sucks that you got pulled all the way to vacaville foe work! 
@jcrillz waiting outside for locksmith 
@jcroft @shoghon I wish I can join U but I'm not well yet  sing a song for me will ya? Love you guys!
@jcrohrer thats what my dad said. but idk. air france said it was probably hit my lightning and then crashed in the ocean. 
@jcschaser I'm jealous.  didn't get to go. Yet another missed opportunity.....
@jcsextro I support multiple projects @ any given time so rarely am regular scrum participant. I needed to be @ this one. 
@jcshie why are you always so mean 
@JCTurner It is on my touch but been lazy and haven't opened it recently. Wifey gets pissed off when I'm surfing all the time. 
@jcubed1 totally agree, but she always seems to be henpecking John, even before the cheating thing 
@jcubed1 we went the no-versed-needed route with dermabond and steristrips. 'Bout a cm , kinda deep. Heart stopped when I saw sub-Q fat 
@jcurries If I didn't win the lottery last night, I'll be sending my cancellation in tomorrow. 
@JD_2020 http://twitpic.com/68rqm - Happens to me all the time unfortunately.  But usually I don't have to close the bag! 
@JD_2020 i really really really wish that u give me #MP2 code Mr.Josh Olin please  am desperate
@JD_2020 i really really really wish that u give me #MP2 code Mr.Josh Olin please  am despert
@jdakar ..they are? ...i just got one 
@jdakar lol.. No u didn't  that was a long one though rite? How u handling it?
i think to much on the past. i cant change it. i deserved so much more then wat i got. ..but why am i still thinking about him  gah
I think today is a science revision day. Nerd day. As is Tuesday, which will also be an art coursework day. ehhh 
I think today is going to be one of those days you just want to hide in the closet.  
i think today is the day were i have twittered the most all because of this BOREDOM!!!! 
I think today may be a complete waste of make up and hair product.  Miserable day in Glasgow 
I think tom doesn't likes me 
I think too fast  It's making me very confused and untired.
I think tweetdeck is breaking my iPhone 
I think TweetDeck would be better with a systray icon like Twhirl 
I think twitter is haaving problems 
i think twitter is injured 
I think Twitterfon locked me out 
i think u all know what happened i had to many tweets  if i get too many tweets on here then i'll get mad
I think u are both speaking redundantly =p hahahah that's the only big word I kno 
i think we all be late for the party. sorry zela 
I think we are boarding soon. The next time I fly after today will be when I go home on the 14th. 
I think we have been stood up- the photog is here- client was supposed to be here at 7.  
i think we won't get anymore stuff packs now they'll do the sims store from the start of sims 3 
I think we won't go out because of the freaking rain!! 
I think we'll be hitting 90 today. Spring is over. 
I think we're going to have to put our dog down really soon 
i think were gonna be okay. . . 09.26.08 &lt;--after 9 months thats what it came down too 
I think we're in trouble. Concert stopped. 
i wanna go to the movies 
i wanna go to the pool  but the stupid insurance guy has to ruin my day.
I wanna go to the waterpark BADLY! But my God-mom informed me that we're going for her son's b-day. So I guess I'll wait 
i wanna go to theee beachh!!!!!  sighhh
I wanna go to their concert with Kristin ......  fuck
i wanna go to topshop  please open in torontooo.
i wanna go to toronto too! 
I WANNA GO TO WARD PARK!! 
i wanna go to warped tour 
i wanna go vivid light walk 
I wanna hang out today 
i wanna have a bbq. but we have no garden  i'm so fucking bored. i really need a hobby
I wanna have a life 
i wanna have a singalong at a bar with my lobster like the benny &amp; the jets one in 27 dresses 
i wanna have chocolate day too  xD
I wanna have long, wavy hair kind of like Serena's. 
I wanna have REAL vacations.... working a lot more 2day 
I wanna have Sims 3, but it is so expensive, so I should earn my money... 
I wanna have sme1 2 cuddle in bed w/ I'm tired of sleepin alone!!!  Boo hoo       any takers? Lol
i wanna have some fun.. and i really wanna watch (he's just not that into you) 
i wanna have the new sidekick in germany 
i wanna hear that new hov song 
i wanna hold youuuuu, my skies are turning blaaaaaaaack 
I wanna hug you right now. I need you. @mileycyrus 
I WANNA KNOW - http://bit.ly/XcsFV  damnnn, this track takes me back 
i wanna know why @dishnetwork is charging me extra for not having a phone line at home..this makes me sad 
I wanna lay out 
I wanna lay out!!  but instead I'm stuck slaving away at homework. 4 days til ZONA!
I wanna leave and get it over with, cuz this part is torture 
I wanna live blog the mtv movie awards but don't know how to...  #newbie
I wanna longboard but it's raining ughhhhhh 
i wanna lose thighs' fats. 
i wanna make friends at twitter but enybody follow me just 6?? thts's nothing 
I wanna make mini pizzas, but I don't have pizza sauce 
I wanna met the jonas brotherss 
i wanna new puppy 
i think yesterday was most probarbly the worst say of my life  &lt;/3
i think you're right. I'm missing you a lot today. Kicking myself for not sleeping in your bed until you got back this morning 
I think Zydeco popped a hole in the air bed.  Oh, crap.
I think, I'm going to sleep....... But I'm not tired.....  
I think, on some level of Absolute Denial, I'm actually becoming rather tired of Harry Potter in general.
I think... I Miss my best buddy.  Got a little over 2 months before I get to see him again. Rawr. But on the bright side I like cookies.??
I think... I need to cut sugar out of my diet considering my mom is diabetic. I keep hearing amputation horror stories. 
I think... I'm going to take a little nap....   long day!!
I think...There are some people I need to delete from facebook so I dont see them (or who theyve been hanging out with) on my mini-feed.. 
I think@ArteeDubyoo should shallap!!! Also...me thinks he should pay me a visit one day- @JnetteKwakye is getting all the Big Rog love! 
I thinki might be getting sick 
i thinkk i miss my friend 
i thinkk im JELLO.!!! 
I though I was getting better but I'm not. I'm getting worse. Oh my  So sick&lt;/3
I though may was supposed to bring flowers not showers. I hate rain 
I though she was going to tell me my step dad died  so scary. #cryingmama
I thought a an early morning Mojito would help me fall asleep but its having the opp. effect and I need 2 b up at 6am 
I thought Apple would have gotten the iPhone 3.0 update right after the 2.0 fiasco... can't activate my phone. 
i thought April showers brought May flowers? not digging this wet weather 
I thought being pregnant was supposed to increase your appetite, NOT KILL IT! I miss eating my mangos without having to hurl... 
I thought breaking up was hard to do? Im glad we can still stay friends. :] I do really hate being Single though its really depressing!  x
I thought bugs were only sposed to be 24 hour things...96hours and counting...back to dry toast and water...yum 
i thought bumping into an old friend tonite really helped my headspace. Until i got home and it all got f*cked up again 
I had some really weird dreams last night - mostly about work 
i had something really good to post earlier... just cant remember what it was now 
I HAD SOO MUCH FUN SWIMMIN ALL WEEKEND... NOW ITS TIME TO PACK UP ... ONE WEEK LEFT IM H-TOWN 
i had southermn regionals for soccer last weekend. whooped oklahoma and georgia, tied to arkansas, and lost to stupid texas in semifinals 
I had such a bad dream last night. Woke up panicking. Someone hold me 
I had such a good nights sleep for once, the sunburn isn't painful anymore &amp; looks more brown but I'm still not in the best of moods 
I had such a nice day off it made me homesick   back at work now.
I had such a nice day. Too bad the rain comes in tomorrow at 5am 
I had such a sheltered up bringing. Bugger.  @socialwhoreblog
I had such an amazing weekend!!!!!!  Summer class starts tomorrow 
I had such an awesome birthday week! I wish it wasn't over 
I had terrible headache last night.... and my weight decreased!! aaah 
I had the BEST dream this night, I was soo happy, then I got sad when I woke up and realized that it was just a dream  .
i had the best proposition today too bad i was 200+ miles away  ce la vie- good conversation &amp; sushi and now my hearts all sad-not really
i had the best time ever at camp i met these 3 awesome ppl and then swam and then we had to go home on sunday 
I had the best weekend w/the fam. I don't wanna be @ work 
I had the day from Hell. Bad-ish news at the doctor, gas is expensive, oil change revealed serious maintenance issues w/ car, etc. Waaah! 
i thought follow friday was about gaining new friends, not losing them. 
I thought for some reason the new 3.0 bios for iPhone was out today...   Two more days still...  #squarespace
i thought for sure Ashley &amp; Kupono would be going home. so sad for Max. 
I thought getting up at 5:30 this morning and hitting the gym would give me some energy for the #IRCE sessions today. I was wrong. 
I thought graduation would make me happy. Nothing is further than the truth 
I thought he was different, but he's a pig just like them all. 
i thought i could sleep in 
I thought I could take risk in life... 
i thought i fix that camera but in some case i made it worse than before T_T 
i thought I had a splitter. prob left them at mom's house. Now I have to buy one 
I thought I had like 8 Maltesers left in the packet, I only had 1. 
I thought I just ran two miles really really quickly then realised they were Kilometeres 
I thought I was bitten by mosquitos. But then I found an itchy red spot in some part of my body. It's food poisoning 
I thought I was free from this anxiety  &quot;I'll be the last one to find out why/time takes it's toll on us/this changes everything&quot; ~circa
i thought i was gonna die! i didn't know it could be that bad. But we're ok now and back to work! Hurrumph. 
I thought i was hungover, turns out i'm just sick.... 
I thought I was in Vegas when I got out of the car in fresno! Yikes its hot! I was enjoying the bay area weather! Now its all heat! 
i thought i was over my sadness that Adam Lambert didn't win, but after i heard his new song, it just makes me sad all over again. 
I thought I was your twitter Bffl Danni?  Scar killed Mufasa! :O
I thought I will be sick 
i thought i would be able to sleep til noon 
I thought if I put candied ginger in a shot glass and filled it with Gosling's Dark Rum, it would be a mini Dark and Stormy. Epic fail. 
I thought it was a joke, not an actual &quot;rumor&quot; weird... what happened to my happy days of KBell and Zach rumors?  those were great
I thought it was actually a joke how much stuff landed on my desk when I was off for half hour eating pineapple fritters.... It wasn't... 
i thought it was fun but suddenly it made down. 
I thought IT was overrated... and I just realized it's not 
i thought it was supposed to be like 84Â° today. why is it DOWNPOURING?! 
I thought it was you. 
i thought it would be funny to punch linda in her pusie but shortly thereafter it was evident she was on her p    
I thought it would rain. 
I thought Macau would be like Panjim. It was just another Hong Kong 
i thought my bonsai would be here by now 
I thought my computer crashed. Our 7 page script is on there! 
I had the most hilarious dream last night. wish I could go back to it. 
I had the most horrible nightmare last night, Moose forgot Harriet on the Elm Street Pier, and she died  I love my dog.
I had the most random day of fun. I can't believe its over already. Now I can't wait for tomorrow except its gonna rain...booooo 
I had the most unusual dream where I was on the island in Lost learning sign language from someone there.  Sayid did NOT like me. 
i had the time of my life last night!! ughh i gotta work today til 6 
I had the weirdest and sickest dream last night. And I don't mean sick in a good way.   
I had the worst best dream ever. FML 
I had the worst day in a long time. and somehow also one of the best 
I had this dream that I got a very @symphnysldr tattoo and I was in love with it and so was my mama. I really want it now 
I had three cups of coffee today. Now I feel cracked out 
I had to be at work at 730 this morning 
I had to buy a new pair of jeans cause I tried to be a ninja and shit 
I had to disect a baby pig today.... It was so sad 
I had to do three in the morning sheet changes because the drunk beyond belief decided to vomit everywhere 
i had to fight to have my presentation day moved back to the original date. rediculous! 
I had to finish payroll early to work on this project for the laywers that i so dont feel like doing 
I had to fire the maintenance guy just now. I feel so bad but he's so lazy we had to...      my day is ruined. damn i feel horrible.. eh
I had to force myself to get up at 7 this morning.. Too early to work on a Saturday. 
I had to get up at 5:45 this morning to be at work. Fun Fun   Rain Rain gooooooo away!!!!!!
I had to give up on the Fedora 11 install ... it just wasn't working 
I had to go home 
I had to go to the hospital last night 
I had to leave my mags behind.  And now I'm subscriber of JJ too! \o/ I just loooooove japan fashion and japanese fashion magazines!
i had to log in again and say this: include Adam Cook in your prayers too 
I had to miss my soccer game today, I haven't played any sports for over a week.  I miss it
I had to much sun yesterday during the boat races, paying for it today 
I had to put away my corn nuts...  
I had to put my muzzle on the pup or else he barks until 4am. 
I had to put my puppy down today. RIP Dixie. You were the best dog ever. You'll always be my baby... 
i wanna pinkberry!! 
I wanna play 
I wanna play guitar, but I suck so much it's no fun 
I wanna play Sims 3 
I wanna play Sims 3! 
I wanna play the Sims 
i wanna play with sims 3 but my fucking computer has some problems 
I wanna play.. I don't have an invite. 
I wanna rabbit  They sell them now in Cheppo pet shop by the dell car park. They're soooo tiny
I wanna record more but I'm so tired :/ Summer's sucking so far,my California trip is getting delayed till I have no clue when!  SO BUMMED
i wanna run  i need the exercise... anybody wanna join me?
i wanna see @ddlovato in concert at jones beach on july 24...BUT ITS SO FRIGGIN EXPENSIVE AND I'M BROKE! 
i wanna see @loveandreverie in virginia beach 
I wanna see a good horror movie. tryna find a good one is like tryna find ur phone wen it's on silent. 
I wanna see Away We Go  But i'm still slashing that fucker's tires, specially cause he lives here.
I wanna see hangover 
I wanna see Harry Potter so bad. 
i wanna see him 
i wanna see him so badly! 
I wanna see him... Please... WHY ? 
i wanna see mcfly here in brazil again 
I wanna see mcfly live again 
i wanna see Michael Jackson LIVE! Too bad i dont have enough money to go to England! 
I wanna see Miley again  I saw her when the &quot;Hannah Montana The Movie&quot; premiere was on... She's really beautiful like she looks on tv!
i wanna see my baby 
I wanna see my mama but she hasn't called me back yet  MAMA...MAMA!!!
I wanna see my mommy 
i wanna see pcd's concert but i cant 
i wanna see seven pounds  ... i am gonna watch chowder! yaaay!
i wanna see summer jaaaaaaaaaaaaam! 
i wanna see taylor swift in concert so bad but we cant afford them 
I wanna see that movie &quot;Keith&quot; with JMcCartney in it! It looks sooo good. But none of the video stores here carry it 
i wanna see the hangover!! 
I wanna see the New Moon's trailer NOOOOOW! &gt;.&lt; But I have to go to sleep... 
i wanna see the THS Criss Angel 
I wanna see to Miley on tourrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!! I wanna live in USA!!!!!!!! 
I wanna see tomorrow's horoscopes now! 
i wanna see UPPPPPP 
i wanna see you 
I wanna shop I wanna shop I wanna shop but I have no money 
I thought my cup of tea had been there longer... HOLY FUCK, BURNS IN MY MOUTH  
I thought my phone was broken but it turns out the sim was in backwards. Bummer - I was hoping for an excuse to go out an get an iPhone 
I thought of a really good quote right now, but I lost it  dang it
i thought of tweeting about something, but i forgot! 
I thought some hot emo guy was following me but it turned out to just be a spammer/bot thing  a sad day for everyone!
i thought that was it. 
I thought the day of the week was optional in a RSS feed, but I think it's causing the Blogger feed widget to mark the date invalid 
I thought the parade was awesome. Wish I got to attend the festival.  Oh well, there is always next year. Now, what to do tonight.....
I thought the Scrubs final was on tonight but apparently it's next week 
I thought this never comes ..  Maybe I should have hope in the core
I thought this was what I wanted 
I thought this whole 12 Pack being on Daisy of Love was ridiculous. But he really likes her. I'm really rooting for him. Aw 
I thought today was for sure the day i was going to sleep in!  
i thought today was going to be a good day...but it didnt quite work out that way 
i thought today was gonna be a good one but disaster has struck i've dropped my psp and cracked the screen  gutted.
I thought tomorrow was Thursday, lame  I want to go home and sleeeeep!
i thought was goin to auckland 2day but actually goin tomorrow, ops lol...gots up earlie for nothing 
I thought we were gonna get it!  Still proud of our little Cajun man! Good job Calvin &amp; Mine That Bird!
I thought you'd be offa work by now!  imy.
i threw up playdough and i'm like gagging lmfao 
i tired and i can't sleep 
I told Chris &amp; Wes I'd be off by 10:30. An AWOL made that a lie still here 
I told my wife that it's Father's day weekend and she said I only get a day 
I wanna skate tomorrow but my ankle's sprained (ish)  On Friday, I hope I'll be able to surf or skimboard at least
I wanna sleep but I wanna wait  I kept my promise
i wanna sleep but its still too sunny  how lame is that!!!
I wanna sleep until noon again. Being a working adult has ruined my ability to sleep in 
I wanna sleep. Again! 
i wanna smoke but i havent got one cigarette 
I wanna stay home today, I don't want work experience 
I wanna still be in my bed not on my way to work 
i wanna support SA today but the bulls are like my least least favourite team. swore i'd never back them  WHAT DO I DO?
i wanna surround myself with some sad songs  im feeling down.(
I wanna take a nap. I don't feel good. 
I wanna take a nap~~Zzzzzz~~My Last Day Here  :0
I wanna take a power nap but i have so much to do 
I wanna talk to Mitchel Mussoooooo 
I wanna talk to someone  Text me?
i wanna to go home. i miss all my friends. argh. 
i wanna trade ALL my mac lipglosses for BUXOM lipglosses 
I wanna train! I don't wanna be sick 
I wanna transfer to another school. Haha! 100% serious 
i wanna try eating at that vegan resto. still sad mom disagrees with me going vegan 
I wanna twitter more but my friends aren't onto it yet  I'm gonna have 2 work on this....
i wanna update my twitter on phone but i don't know how to do 
I wanna uplload a pic but it alwayys says there too big. 
i wanna use Ã»bertwitter 4 twittering but that makes my battery die in just 1 day  sooooo 
I wanna wake up where you are 
I wanna watch &quot;UP&quot; so badly! 
i wanna watch 17 again  now.
I WANNA WATCH 17 AGAIN IN THE MOVIES TONIGHT 
I wanna watch Austin Powers  LOL
I wanna watch baseball.  i was invited to a party after work though. I am going to pass
i wanna watch billy talent too  no mtv here...
I wanna watch BOF! Currently eating @ Hjh Maimunah. Oh, and I haven't studied a thing for Bio tomorrow 
I wanna watch Mean Girls, now (thanks, @dietcokebottle). but somebody took my dvd case  NetFlix!!!!
I told yall today was crazy and fun i almost got my ass shot and cashed out on some food' lol  no mall for me today
I told you holla at Dro I don't have that footage  @MZLALANAB
I told you I'd have nightmares  woo 3.30
i too missed saturday sabbha,prashad specially if its rosogulla, BC specially if its abt deciding where to take dinner 
I took a 3 1/2 hr nap..so not good. Going to be up late now 
I took a long nap and now I can't go back to sleep! and I might not be able to pass english. 
I took a nap and appeared to miss many good live E3 streams. 
I took a nap and woke up with a headache. 
I took a quiz &amp; only know my friend 54%! 
I took a quiz â€œAll about Mileyâ€? I only got 4 out of 10 right 
I took a record half hour to settle down to work..  and its stil ticking.. man i need to optimize that 
I took a shower i feel human again. Instead of sleeping today i have to babysit 
I took a video but it's blurry   I may put it on youtube..Maybe :0)
I took a wrong left turn &amp; now I think I'm lost... &amp; I can't find the gps on my phone 
I took AirFrance 4 times this past semester... 2ce in the past month... scary.. 
i took bessie 2 the vet, she has 2 have dental surgeyr on wednesday coz she broker her tooth and its infected, poor baby 
I took em haha cause i didn't get any.  it wasn't 3d
i took idea net setter .it 2 slow 
I took in one too many horrible breaths of paint. Oh Jeez what a miserable night that was 
I took my antibiotics and I still feel like crap 
I took my braids out again and my dreads are now up to 4 inches!! to bad my hair looks crazt today though 
i took my dog out for playin n not realizing tht my knee was hurt i started running arnd n then it came.. back home back in pain.. 
I wanna watch movies 
I wanna watch MTV movie awards  well, I guess I'll see if 2morrow
i wanna watch mtv movie awards but i donÂ´t know when it comes to sweden   
I wanna watch PPP so bad! But my dads watching telly where i recorded it  I shall have to watch it on youtube, i can t wait no more!
i wanna watch princess protection program but don't have disney!! 
I Wanna Watch TCA But I Cant No Sky 
i wanna watch the laker game but i cant 
i wanna watch the mtv awards 
i wanna watch transformers 2 BUT i sud probably watch the 1st one first 
I wanna watch TRANSFORMERS. Anyone own it?! I don't 
I wanna watch UP! 
I WANNA WATHC IN THE NIGHT GARDEN!!!! AND MY SISTERS TEASING MEEE 
I wanna work on my screenplay though I have to finish a paper first.  
i wanna work, but im soooo tayurrrd 
I wanna yell, scream, throw stuff, get into a fight, and basically otherwise go crazy - would release all this pent up shit ... but can't 
i wannna see transformers! and i miss my momma  AND i wanna be an actress already geeze !!!! :/
I wannnnnnnt rods 
i want #dmb 
I want ... so bad.... but i know i'l never get ... I've lost somthing i can't replace, and i'm to inlove to let it go  
I want @AaronCarter7 to take off his clothes 
I want @lauren_trotter @ihopeyoudance169 and @kt_ianni was here with me. I miss them 
I want 2 get my nails done today, but according 2 superstition I can't. Guess I'll have 2 wait til tomorrow then..  off 2 French!
I want 2 kno where my default pic went? Did some1 steal my picture? Its been missing since yesterday!  @twitter
I want 2 leave England and go 2 a Different country, the weather is CRAP here, also 2 many bad memories  Any Ideas?
i want 2 scream.....................................................im soooo bored......hmph!. 
I want 3.0 NOW,  anyone had any luck yet
i want 3G signal!  no fair
I want a #palmpre so bad!! 
I want a &quot;new&quot; polaroid camera. Mine is broken 
I want a baaaaasssssssss... 
i want a balenciaga city bag and louboutin's! but they are way to expensive for me. 
I want a BBQ - why will no one have one for me?!?!?!  
I want a better, more complete Filipino - English dictionary. 
I want a big puzzle!!!! but its either that or my cd before i leave town 
I took my lip ring out last night. No more pierced lip 
I took my nose ring out to apply for a job and the guy didn't even show up.. now both are closed and I'm still jobless. 
i took my SAT  and i think it went not so good  
i took out my old flute to look at.... Its like tarnished....   
I took out the recycable trash for tomorrow - 9 empty wine bottles.  Hi my name is Satorides and I am a alcoholic...now what? 
i took prickly heat two years ago on holiday the first time ever, and i didnt think it would happen again but now it has 
I took so many photos. @dearhummingbird shall be happy to know I have several of Armitage &amp; Care's bums. &amp; only 2 of Taits 
I totally broke my fender in half on my Bianchi Millano bike  $55.00 to replace it..blerg.
I totally called it, too. He was holding out. I hope Lt. McCall noticed... I don't think she likes me very much. 
I TOTALLY CAN'T REMEMBER ANYTHING. ISN'T IT SAD? 
I totally didn't know today was free donut day 
i totally DONT understand my new phone at all 
I totally dreamed that i went to the cook out...it was pretty real too...then i rolled over woke up and realized it was 2:40 am...bummer 
I totally dropped my blackberry sheath at the bus stop at Haight/Baker this morning 
I totally forgot about West End Live this past weekend! Gutted  
I totally forgot my phone at home this morning 
I totally got lost. I lost me. Strange, but true. Why ppl insist on being so selfish? WTF 
i totally had the perfect theme to &quot;appropriate&quot; for my blog but now i can't find the link 
I totally has a cold 
i totally hate when i cant see the other half of my earrings. :'( i have lost lots of vintage earrings. 
i totally have a thing for Taylor Swift, esp in glasses, Hello! But she can't sing 
I totally have to go back to school soon 
I totally just entered a silent auction to win jonas brothers tickets... I'm so cool!!!!!!! I probably won't win though  sad face
I totally just lied about going on a trip to get out of hanging out with someone. 'Airport' was the only excuse that came to mind. 
I had to restore my Ipod. Of course I hadn't saved all the music on my computer 
i had to settle for bran flakes, coz if i'd eaten any of the crunchy nut, tasha would have broken my spine 
I had to switch streams and now I have NBC. Sad. 
i had to use Axe body wash. Now I smell like a tool. 
I had to wake up too soon  going on a meeting for a maybe job
I had to watch some porn because I'm missing my man and well... you get the rest of the story. Not good. 
i had too much ramen, feeling bloated 
I had two great days off... Now back to work 
I had two hotdogs and some chips...I should have only had one hotdog....I need to start training myself. 
i had waaaayyyyyy too much homework. five hours yesterday, two today :/ what a wasted weekend  hope this week's a good one(:
I had weird dreams last night 
I had weird zobie dreams last night   I don't even feel rested cause I was running from zombies all night!
I hade a huge headache 
I hadn't realized it's Fleet week in NYC! So bummed I'm not there for it! 
I hang out wit du A team - du. 
I hardly dare to say it, but... I hate Greek at the moment. *shock* It's just way too much. I can't get this all in my head. 
I hardly ever eat breakfast, 'cos it makes me sick. I tried it today. It made me sick. 
I hardly tweeted yesterday  man.... i read that David Carradine hung himself by the neck and the male parts... if you catch my drift???
I has a boo-boo 
I has a booboo. 
I has a cold   There's going to be cold snot on my pillow when I wake up.  Even bigger 
I has a cramp in my foot. It's not nice. 
i has a dumb phone. 
I has a kitty in my lap but all he wants is my food. 
I has a OMG I'VE BEEN AT WORK FOR 8 HOURS AND IT'S 1:30 headache. 
I has a perfect Smitten Kitchen/Wednesday Chef mac &amp; cheese ready for the oven tonight, and then the oven went on strike. 
I has a sad  maybe icecream will help
I has a tummy ache 
I has a tummy ache...  http://twitpic.com/7yfja
i has achey neck... massage please! also, one of the girls in the office keeps humming 'Take my breath away' 
I has an ouch. #htfu, @hfw. 
I has burnt chips 
i want a bike  !
I want a blackberry curve 8900 
i want a blackberry!  lol
i want a blackberry... tomorrow library day... again 
i want a Blizzard authenticator.  They need to stop selling out gdamnit #warcraft
i want a boy to call my own 
i want a boyfriend so i can call him by his last name  i already call mcnally by his last night, but the chances of me dating him are slim
I want a boyfriend! 
I want a breaded soup bowl from dominoes. But we have none around here 
I want a bulldog puppy sooooo bad! 
I want a burrito but I still have 30 more minutes of work 
I want a canon vixia hg20 sooo bad! But I have to wait until next year to get it. Bummer. Oh well... That's too bad.  one...more...year..
I want a car of my own 
I want a caramel frap from starbucks 
I WANT A CAT! tried a dog, didnt work.  so im setteling for a cat. still dont think itll work with mum and dad though 
I want a Chagall. 
I want a cheese dog on a stick. 
I want a chihuahua puppy 
I want a chihuahua puppy  | Doggy Tweet http://bit.ly/14F8UW
I WANT A CHOCOLATE BAR 
i want a chocolate milkshake ! i'm dreaming with it, LOL. but here in brazil is 11:54 pm so i'm in bed 
I want a coffee but I think my dad is pretty much dominating the kitchen just now.  Not faiiiiiiir.
I want a cup of tea but our kettle has broken 
I want a cup of tea, however it means going downstair and having to face the family  ass holes
i want a different background now 
I want a Dirndl 
I want a dolphin. Buy me one? 
i want a doughnut from krispy creme  there's none near me. but like 34895743986 dunkin doughnuts
I WANT A DSi sooooooomone..........why cant i be bloody rich......all i seem to win is a bloody free cherry ripe 
i want a fisheye lens 
I want a free BMW!  
I want a free comic book...   
i want a free root beer  float! nearest sonic is like 50 miles away WTF 
I want a fuCn alcoholic beverage 
I WANT A GARDEN  sitting inside when it's sunny sucks.
i want a girlfriend  http://plurk.com/p/12537b
I want a girlfriend. Why can't I have a girlfriend? FFFFFUUUUU 
i want a golf 6! My golf 5 is so last year! 
I want a gps for Xmas or my bday  I'm poor.
I want a graphics tablet so I can draw pretty pictures of rainbows 
i want a grill... 
I want a guy who when he holds my hand, can somehow touch my heart 
I want a hair wrap. Someone do one for me pleaaaase 
I has me the Bubonic Plaque on me face! Ahh! It hurts... 
I has no appetite.. And Dads in a bad mood.  Sigh.
i has nothing to do.  probably going tuh be late later. thanks a mucho. can't wait to see whether or not my plan works!
I has spoken too soon. There is account problems 
I has to be awake in 3 hours.....and I'm tweeting.  boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo.
I has to give a presentation tomorrow. ...I has to make the thing tonight. I has to get up in 7.5 hours. 
I hasta go to the dentist today 
i hate #DTM  Poor Rocky  Faillllllllllll
I hate &quot;love&quot;.   I could do without that emotion.  Why do certain people have to be cute.
I hate &quot;The Book of Answers&quot;!!!!  @harleykane you know what I'm talking about... FUCKERS... :@ :@ :@ :'( :@
I hate @njawad! She hacked my account 
I hate 12 day work weeks. 
I hate 2k+ word limit essays on little things. 
I hate A levels 
I hate accounting, and its a double 
I hate airports. 
i hate all my homeboys for makin babies n not makin b abysitters 2 go with the babies! Im @ home 2nite 
I hate apus. 
i hate ares. it won't download any music 
i hate art 
i hate bad news from the doctor.  we'll find out if she's right for sure in 2 weeks 
I hate bad weather! 
i hate band 
i hate basketball! and sport :@ And Sports Palace 
i hate beign sick..COUGH.... i feel soo weik ..COUGH... Goodnight everyone (2morrow FRENCH EXAM For 3 HOURS NON BREAK!! )  Luv you all!!
I hate bein up late with nada to do. I've been freaked and shuld be sleepn but im not  guess ill hav to try harder.
I hate being 1000 miles away from @phillygirl528 
I hate being a business person  why does it suck so bad!!
I hate being a girl... oucchhh!!! 
i hate being a loner.....  ima cryyyy
I hate being a responsible adult and parent. It would be really fun to see Jenny Lewis at First Ave this week. 
i hate being alone  nickies talking in her sleep again... i just want to be on some beach somewhere... not alone!
I hate being alone all by myself 
i hate being at work this late... even if steveb buys me dinner 
I hate being awake...most.of all I hate the things that make me awake...darm thoughts!    NEW BLOG!
I hate being bored on Friday nites   Especially bored and lonely with New Hair :-/
i hate being from cleveland  the city of disappointment....
I hate being gay as I can't enjoy the hot men, no-one talks about the hot women 
i totally miss itlay 
i totally miss RMT 
i totally need a break from laredo i love laredo but i need to go home for a few days to clear my thoughts before summer classes start 
I totally need a job 
i totally need my radio 
i totally suck at DDR  but im cool dat way 
i totally think going to bed late was a bad option to choose seeing tho i have to get up early in the morning 
I totally want some white chocolate macadamia cookies from Mrs. Fields but the mall is soooo far away. Bleh  i think I'll make my own
I totally want this! http://bit.ly/gbtoys Used to own the proton pack &amp; trap at one time. I wish I had the money to get these. 
i totally want to see the queers this friday and have no one to go with  wanna go to a show?
I totally wish I was watching dane cook right now 
I trained my cat on how to use his magnetic cat flap today.... his collar fell off though and I found him stuck outdoors and cold 
I tree tanked the little flowers near Freya, lived, but the mean tree guys  owie.
i tried  hope @imcudi foggy glasses cheer me up like it always does
I tried  I failed 
i tried 2 twug Donnie last nite but he ran by 2 fast 
i tried but i can't 
I tried calling 
I tried calling you. Still no answer. 
i tried calling your 8187488887 and it didnt work  kevin my friend loves u so much and she is a good artist and all weekend i helped her
I tried signing  up for #twee60 but the Beta is closed  time for bed!
I tried so hard to hide from Monday. It found me anyway. 
I tried to color my hair again but the difference wasn't that big... 
I tried to colour my hair blue yesterday... such a pity my naturally goth black hair are so hard to change.... 
I tried to contact Andrew Bird by his photographer... fail 
I tried to do science, but idgi   someone help me tmrw!!!
i tried to dye my hair lighter...but instead only the roots took, and now its fucking blonde roots, dark hair http://twitpic.com/7ujpn
i tried to find goldie hawn on here and found her boobs instead.....??? and no danny devito  sad times.
I tried to get @tangsoo323 to come fold my laundry but she won't even though she likes doing stuff like that...   #squarespace #trackle
I tried to get into the Simply Seafood class but it was sold out  I hope you do another one at the Edmonds PCC, that's my neighborhood!
I tried to get up for my 8am yoga class but I just couldn't so I decided to try to get up for the 10am class. Failed there too 
I want a hello kitty necklace  but he wont get it for me
i want a hermes badly!!!!!  ULTIMATE DREAM BAG
i want a hot lemon drink for my throat... 
I want a hot sausage from the corner store, but I work in booszhi Boca Raton, and there are no corner stores ughhhhh!!!  I miss my hood 
I want a huge butterfinger right now 
i want a job 
I want a job I enjoy 
i want a job! 
I want a lie in tomorrow! Won't be getting one though 
i want a little puppy to sleep with 
I WANT A MAC 
I want a mallomar. 
I want a marley 
I want a milkshake 
I want a motorcycle 
I want a mystery gi tract disease 
I want a new artist tablet  but the one I want is so expensive .
i want a new car. i want a puppy. and i want new teeth. will i get these things. NO!! my car sucks, my mom hates dogs, and my gap is back 
I want a new carrrr 
i want a new cellphone.but to bad i can't get it. 
I want a new iphone 3Gs but it isn't offered in Peru. 
i want a new ipod. the one i have wont hold all the songs i need 
I want a new job 
i want a new job or vacation 
I want a new job, city, lifestyle, man, and someone to blame other than myself for not having any of those things.. totally bummed today 
I want a new kitten but hubby says no! 
I want a new mountain bike 
I want a new phone 
i want a new phone  are blackberrys any good?
I want a new phone  I've seen too much cellphone commercials (
I want a new phone! 
I want a new piercing but I'm all out creative 1's something not too painfull 
I want a new puppy, too!  
I want a new tattoo...and piercing!  I need to keep focused on this assesment test LMFAO!!!!!! I have A-D-D today 
i want a new twitter name 
i want a nice daily driver.. 
I want a Nintendo USB stick!  A Yoshi would be nice.
i want a nothing personal shirt 
I want a pair of Greedy Genius High :| I want it badly.  http://bit.ly/UIi3r
I want a Palm Pre.  No employee availability yet... 
I hate being gone for the weekend 
I hate being grounded 10 days to see Lucas 
I hate being grounded!!   SAVE ME!!!!
I hate being hungover  but what a fun night!!
I hate being hungry 
I hate being in portadown  
I HATE being lost  especially when I don't know where I am going!
I hate being mean to people  actually I totally suck at it
I hate being on the train to work this early in the morning 
I hate being put in the middle of things 
I hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  I overdid reading today, they're sore as fuck. Going to rest. -sigh-
I hate being self concious.  [ i knows i spelt it wrong. :/ ]
i hate being sick  . . . sore throat &amp;&amp; getting a cold
i hate being sick  but i love coughing in public and watching people run from the swine flu ;)
i hate being sick  damn cold
i HATE being sick  i feel lke cruddd
I hate being sick  Sniffles, dry cough, migraine, sore [granted, this is because I walked into an ice cream machine, not by choice...]
i hate being sick and having a stuffy nose. i can't breathe. 
I hate being sick and I have to work 
I hate being sick and still having to take final exams 
i hate being sick during finals week 
I hate being sick especially on vacation time. WTF thats what my sick time for 
I hate being sick everyones tweets depress me 
I hate being sick my throat hurts and Im starvin 
I hate being sick with nothing to do. 
I hate being sick! I hope this doesn't ruin my bday at disneyland on monday 
I hate being sick, I so didn't want to miss work today.  
i hate being sick. and i'm running out of tissues 
I hate being sick. Cause I hate throwing up  don't know what to do right now cause I'm in pain!
I hate being sick. I feel like i lost 5 pounds of muscle 
I hate being sick. I have to pack for everyone for this weekend's trip and I'm missing my gym workout. uuuuugh  
I hate being sick. My bed has become my prison. 
i hate being sick. So annoying... 
I hate being sick..  ugh.
i hate being sick.. not going to pride  too sick. playing with my blackberry the app world isnt working off ad me to bbm 2063c014 yee yee
I hate being sickk! &amp; I hate losing time wiff my best friend because of it   30 days&lt;3
I hate being skint! No Sweeps Festival or Motor Cross this BH Weekend  at least i can look foward to the mystique shoot with max &amp; skyy
I hate being so far away.  You need a hug and it's 2 1/2 hours away.  Probably won't get it for a while 
i hate being so short 
i hate being stuck at my house when you know u can be eating cheese cake and coffe jellys at starbucks with ur friends doing nonsense! 
I tried to grow some herbs (from seed) on my deck. I failed 
I tried to hold it in last night. But it was so late and mommy was sleeping so soundly.I didn't wanna wake her, so i had an accident. 
I tried to make a bubble tweet but it was too long  http://bit.ly/ey3o7
I tried to play GTA 4 for the first time in ages last night. I remember why I stopped playing it.... crashes too much!! 
i tried to screw JayPanda87 with snatch, but it was unsuccessful... 
i tried to seduce @vanillasuicide but she seduced me back ...  i didnt have a comeback!! 
i tried to sort out my macapps into folders and now nothing will open using quicksilver! everything i touch is turning bad again 
I tried to tweet from my phone. I failed. 
I tried to watch Sin City, but only got halfway through. 
I tried to write a song last night, but I just couldn't make something that I liked. 
I tried, I really tried, to save the moth. He just wouldn't leave me alone! Now moth is dead. 
i triped over my shoelace when i got home from school  rofl
I tripped and I fell on my trustworthy heels in front of people, while I shopped alone..  http://myloc.me/2bek
i truly hate being sick  wish i didn't have to go to school tomorrow...
I truly miss my iPod 
I truly wanna live here...takes crazy bank, though.  Having a blast except I havent been on the beach yet cause it hasnt stopped raining 
i truly WISH i was tired 
I try my best though 
i try not to eat after 7 so i can keep the video vixen shape but i forgot to eat dinner and now im starving 
I try them on 3 different computers but still the same :S they neither NTFS nor FAT32 so they must format 
I try to be productive and wouldn't you know, a nice evening turns into rain in the middle of my yard work. I was a stopping point. Wet. 
I try to help ya, but you just don't get it... What more can I do... Sorry.. 
I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once or for few days i can;t spend few minutes by myself 
I turned on the Tony awards to see Neil Patrick Harris and he isn't even on anymore. 
i turrned my comp off  aim? leundeadhorreur
i tweet today because i am in a dumb meeting, which i already atended last week 
I tweet too much :/ trying to make myself tired to get some sleep if not I'll be in a bitchy mood all day  no one will like that.
I tweet you!! haha I like the names I will think about it... It's hard...  but I love my new teddy bear!!! Thanks @Rulita !!!
I tweeted earlier but my iPhone ate it. 
I twinged my neck during an anxiety attack tonight. My knees hurt from dancing and I am bending with noises. I am an old lady 
i twisted my ankel!!! 
i twisted my ankle today, and it was all good until i stopped moving, now the bitch is all swollen and painful. 
i twoted on my self 
I understand completely!  I've had over 30 in the last 6 years. 
I understand im sacred too! I hate thunder can nvr sleep! I feel you 
I understand that many stores are having to cut back on people and hours of operation to stay alive/open though - I really understand 
I unfortunately can't seem to gain any more than 32 
I up!  woaahh. today: Hannah Montana on TV after that cinema: Night atg museum2!! yay-- but I miss Selina so much! 
i updated from my blackberry like 10 times in the past couple days. and it hasn't been sending  how lame!!
I updated my AIM...and now it sucks. Lost my buddy list and can't link my screen names which sucks. 
I upgraded my tweet deck &amp; now it won't even open. Anyone else had this problem? 
i use google sites all the time - tonight it broke 
I used the linker to make an infinite loop. 
I used to basically live by eastern time (6 hours behind), now I live by Australian time (9 hours ahead) and I'm seriously jeglagged 
I used to be a star collector. I think I have photos of celebs I'm met on my MySpace. Unless I took them down. I can't remember. Headache 
I used to belong to a naughty nun site, but they shut down.  #blasphemygivesmewood
I used to hate Harry Potter, and now I'm a Potterholic..
I used to have a remote for my tv. 
I used to have all of them too 
i used to have something like that. 
i used to like it when friday was my least busy day of the week, well thats a time of the past 
I used to take about 10min to get home from the airport. Now I take about 10x, like 10x10=100min. Like 100/10=10x you know. 
i used to use twitter to follow my favorite tech bloggers... good old days 
I usually channel surf in bwtn commericals. I haven't moved it yet thts how drafted I am 
I usually drink beer and leave early on Fridays, but didn't do either today. Just leaving now and no beer. 
I usually have 8-10 columns going on Tweetdeck at once. Trying to figure out how-to on Seesmic. Columns overlap when adding columns. 
I usually love Fridays but I feel sort of groggy and unmotivated  Hope I'm not coming down with something. Abandoning study for the day.
I ve read the updates about the new startrek movie. Find it hard to see capt Kirk with another face 
i very very unburnt 
I voted for Julianne hough for breakthrough video of the year on #CMT Awards. But she didnt win 
i waaaaaaaaaaaaaaant a job 
i waaant more @replies      ohyeah, i'll make one right now. @saraahxox
I waaant to change to this icon  help moi http://mypict.me/5x0L
i wait for only one,YOU! 
I waited too late to start packing  At least SNL is on. Justin Timberlake= &lt;3
I waited, listening to wind blowing through the tumbleweed? Are none of you old enough to know what to do when someone says &quot;Crackerack&quot;? 
I wake up  very early
I wake up to early  chocolate chip pancake time, yeah?
I walk into the living room right as the sad doggy commercial comes on  I MISS MY PUPPY SO MUCH
I walked 4 30 min. 2day, but forgot 2 do strength training 2night b/c Zach made me watch the 1st Terminator film (ya, the one from 1984) 
I walked all day and my feet hurt  ... at least I had a nice workout lol
i walked in when they said it and they said they were kidding.  i hope they were!
I walked into a wall. 
I walked into the door frame slighly. winded now. 
I walked my dog for half an hour and now I have bug bites up and down by legs 
I walked past a restaurant selling frog leg poridge. A cute frog jumping frantically against the glass tank, hoping to go free. Sad 
I wan a sleep, but I can't... 
i wan hang w/ cousins  oh, and @mtwanger
I wan my happy life back 
i wan to upload videooooooo plsssssss! 
i wan weed now 
i wana cry! dat wuman jst said i luk lyke ma mum wid da spots 
i wana go bck to bed! hate being up this early! 
I wana go hme! I dnt wana work in hanger 2! I wana work in hanger 1!and im extremely hungry! 
i wana go out! 
i wana go out,bt i dont have da energy  #BSB
i wana send a shout out to my friend cristy hope u feel better cuz we miss u 
I wana talk sum1 spcl. . .bt um nt @ ma plc. .  . . May b she iz dr waitin. . .
i wann go to mojoes  fml
I wann listen to some Beatles but there're none on my Mp3 
I wanna #barkhunt but I don't know how 
I wanna &quot;the summit&quot; with @30SECONDSTOMARS in Argentina... 
i wanna a clandestine crunch  SELL IN AUSTRALIA DUDE!!!
I wanna be a Miley Cyrus Friend 
I want a paw friendly keyboard for dogs sake  I can't be the only dog that has trouble
i want a popsicle real bad, and i don't have any 
I want a popsicle, and theres only one left but its green. I dont like green popsicles. 
i want a puppy 
i want a puppy  i need action too lol
I WANT A PUPPY  preferable this one http://bit.ly/c1rHt
I want a puppy or another cat 
I want a real broadband connection.  Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!  ..... OK, rant's over...for now...
I Want A Realistic Moog Concermate Too 
i want a robot maid to clean up my room for me 
I want a russian blue dumbo pet rat! 
I want a sandwich but i have no bread and don't want to go to the store 
I want a sandwich! Sucks I can't have one this late cause then I'll have nightmares 
I want a sandwich. Right now, I don't care if it's Jimmy John's or Subway (preferably JJ's) but I reallllllly one 
I want a scone &amp; I've just been told the place doesn't open for another hour and 40 mins 
I want a shower... but I know the hot water will run out as soon as I get comfortable though  What to do, what to do.
i want a sidekick 
I want a Slow Loris. Too bed they are illegal 
i want a steakpunk house   i feel like that would cost a ton of money....
I want a subscription to New Scientist magazine. Too bad it costs $72 a year. 
I want a tablet 
I want a talking watch but it cost around $125. 
I want a threadless tee! 
I want a T-Mobile Sidekick LX badly.... 
I want a toffee frosty  http://myloc.me/2q8F
I want a turntable... 
I want a tweeter life. If you do too,  go http://bit.ly/Rd9nlt --Has a bad feeling about college 
I want a twitter app for my blackberry but I can't figure out how to 
i want a vacation!!!!!!!!! 
I want a Wave account 
i want a wristband.... and go to the MMVA's.  @muchmusic...  LOL.
I want a yo-yo 
I want a ZG 
I want amanda and jamie to leave now so I can go eat 
I want an apple with cinnamon but my mom took the last one 
i want an avocado shake 
I want an E75. 
I want an Edward Cullen or a Jacob Black 
I want an ice lollie 
I want an iPhone 3G S 
I want an iphone now too 
I want an iphone! 
I hate being treated different by someone when other people are around. 
i hate being woken up early!  ..back to bed.
i hate bills. they suck. always taking my money 
i hate biochemistry.. and thats what iam stuck with in my project..   shahdeeeep.. come help me out!
i hate bloodwork!      long day today  at work too lucky me
I hate bloody noses in public 
I hate BM!!! 
I hate Bob Geldoff.... the bastard kept singing about Mondays, he never warned us about Tuesdays! Already knackered with no end in sight 
I hate boys 
I hate boys. And it's not even Tuesday! &lt;3 @MegannJane 
i hate breaking up with people 
I HATE BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!!!!
i hate brokeback mountain...
I hate buying shoes 
I hate buying this ugly shoes just because I have to 
I hate car washing 
I hate careless people  ! They're annoying. Make tool's me as a care person. Halah, SEPIK aja lo, Din :p!
I hate changes. It was the best band ever....!  wonder if mike and kendra will still be there..
I hate choices. 
I hate cleaning... 
I hate cleveland, oh.....the weather always suck 
I hate CLNS protocol. it is so difficult for trouble shouting but I have to 
I hate closing by myself 
I hate clothes shopping. It makes me feel like never eating again. 
I hate cloudy days, they seem like they last forever 
I hate converting movies just to put em on my itouch 
I hate Copy Cats i mean gimme a freaking break! 
I hate coursework 
I hate coursework.  I thought I'd done the last of it when I finished university, how wrong was I? 
I hate covering for other stores 
I hate crappy family dynamics 
I hate d fact dat she's is becoming closer 2her 
i hate da rain its messing up my hair 
I hate day marathons, impossible to avoid and now im into sex and the city and shortland street 
I hate daylight saving time..all my shows are now all messed up 
i hate days like this.  one minute it rains, then the sun is out then it POURS rain again.  vicious circle 
I hate days like today when everyone is too busy too text me. Or how everyone is at the same thing but you. I wish I was more free 
I hate dealing with huge event crap. No photo pass 
I hate dealing with images in Java.  Why can't python's PIL properly save EXIF information? 
i hate debugging code  feel my pain
I hate debugging SQL 
I hate delays 
I hate design work  All those stupid browsers and there differences and the lack of debugging-tools for some of them... It's hell...
I hate different referenced assemblies. My FNH goes against castle 1.1, Caliburn against 1.03 .. not to mention dynamicproxy in NH 
I hate doctor's offices 
I hate dog-sitting...especially when it's filthy, smelly, &amp; its hair is matted. My entire apt. just reeks. The owner needs to be whipped. 
I wanna be a SUPERSTAR  but I think this will always be a dream... 
I wanna be at #TEDxKL 
I WANNA BE AT CAMP 
I wanna be at coachella so bad. fuck you: people at coachies. 
I wanna be at Summer Jam 
i wanna be at the beachhh. 
I wanna be at the fangoria weekend of horrors in NYC 
I wanna be at the mtv awards  good luck Miley!
I wanna be back in California!! 
i wanna be back in vegas. 
I wanna be beside him. Where is he now? 
i wanna be downtown toronto right now.. the jonas brothers are here  !
i wanna be here for the 4th 
i wanna be home aloneyyy 
i wanna be in an earthquake i live in virginia though 
i wanna be in hawaii with cat 
I wanna be in holidaaaays! I hate my school .. Ohhh  I wanna go in your city, @TianaL! Just if you want, of course .. Do youu want? LoveYa
I wanna be in LA  I'm missing out on so much...
I wanna be in line for a new iPhone. 
i wanna be in the demi lovato's musicvideo  . Why don't I live in LA?!
i wanna be in U.S.A   it's sooo wunderful, germany is boring  dont cha?   work on my own song and i hope i'll get it to become fameous
I wanna be Jackson Pollock 
I WANNA BE ON IT 
I wanna be on summer jam too 
I wanna be on vacation again... 
I wanna be seein these fineeee black men. 
I WANNA BE THERE I WANNA BE THERE  http://twitpic.com/7zbpx
i wanna be tired.. 
I wanna be with all of my friends right now.  I miss them.  The one I miss the most is Katie!  http://twitpic.com/6hjyd
I wanna be with my sister in vegas looking at all the lights  missin my sister if u didn't guess
i wanna be working out right now but im eating ice cream instead 
i wanna become a friend of miley cyrus on facebook but all i can find are damn fan pages and groupes 
I wanna blast deathklok but can't since I'm workin in the garage 
I wanna blog right now so badly but my computer is currently in some weird state  shamblessss
I wanna buy a duduk but they're so expensive 
i wanna buy ashley tisdales new album, but its not available anywhere 
I wanna buy Demi's new album in July but I dunno if it comes out in Australia. I'm sad. 
I wanna buy Rolling Stone magazine, but they don't seem to sell it in my local WHSmith anymore. 
-i wanna c my (roc) 
I wanna change my gamertag. Anyone got any good ideas? @arctickiller and yes Cobra Starship was taken 
I wanna crawl under a rock and stay there 
i wanna cry.... i don't feel good, emotionally  
i wanna curl up in a ball and sleep.  mary needs to sleep.    cam hurry up and finish!
i wanna dance to calm and repose so bad tonight. 
I wanna dancin' in the raainâ™¥ but i cant 
i want an iphone.... period! 
I want an iphoneee  stupid blackberry :@
I want an ipod 
i want an ipod touch 
I want an iTouch! 
i want Anoop to wish me Happy Birthday 
I WANT ANOTHER DAY OFF!!!!  To much Sh#t to do today. Got a &quot;new/used&quot; futon!! and is going to get a &quot;new/used&quot; dining table!!
I want another dog... really uberly bad 
I want another electric blanket, my other one broke  ohwell, I suppose that's what you get for jumping on the bed..
i want another house marathon. too bad i can't, too much work to be done 
I want another pupppy.... 
I want another tattoo. 
I want apple pie  Why do I get these cravings in the wee hours of the morning? Grr.
I want Arby's!!! 
I want at least 2 of todays @woot items... alas, I cannot afford even one.  #damnyourentcheck
I want audrey kitchings haiir 
I want August to come round already, I hate not having any Arsenal news to read of a morning 
I want ayam pop so bad! 
i want b&amp;j's 
I want beer now  #squarespace
i want bing  .... what happened to bing?
I want Bioshock 2.  I want it now. I want it more that Sims 3. :| http://bit.ly/MkYaOb
I WANT BOOST!  @lilqil
I want brand new tickets.  What a bummer.
I want breakfast 
I want breakfast... 
I want Brendon's yellow blazer 
I want brownies and have everything to make them but butter 
i want buy &quot;The Host&quot; of stephenie meyer, but i don't want to finish &quot;Braking Dawn&quot; 
I want cake! Where is cake? Why is there no cake in my cake tin? I am bereft of cake. I am depressed 
I want candy...that's not good since I don't have any 
I want Carlos! Where is he when you need him? 
I want Chick-fil-A   I hate you Illinois.
I want chinese food. Bad.  
i want chocolate ....  but i want MERCYDYANDEDIOSCASAS more than chocolate because she makes me happy more than chocolate do ...
I want chris back :'( how did things get this fucked up? I miss my friend 
I want Chris Columbus to come back to directing Harry Potter  I don't like that new guy who's done the last 2.
I want Chrome. Whine whine. 
I want Closure in Moscow back in AUSTRALIA. 
