i hate monday mornings  UGH
i hate mondays 
I hate mondays and I don't wanna call mum either   but i have to.. i think 
I hate Mondays grrrrrr 
I hate Mondays!  
i HATE mondays!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate mondays, usually means a whole week of work 
I hate Mondays. Its the first day of work. 
i hate mondays... 
I hate money... 
I hate monthly cramps. 
I hate mornings after.    ugh!
I hate mornings when I have to get up for school... 
I hate mornings, ugh. Even though it's a beautiful day, my mood is melancholy and gloomy. 
I hate mornings.  especially when i'm sick and all i want to do is sleep.
I hate mosquito bites, especially when you catch them sucking up your blood.  F EM.
i hate mothers days. 
I hate Movie Tavern right now.. They're keeping him over 8 hours 
I HATE MOVING AND PACKING!  HEELLPP MEEEE!
I hate moving! All my stuff is going to get convoluted, and it will take me two months to get everything organized again  .
i hate muse  no dates at newcastle  nearest is liverpool. wanna see them soooo bad  
I hate my allergies  I can hardly breath because of them atm T.T I really should get my allergy medicine home &lt;.&lt;
I hate my allergies so much right now.  Springtime...wohoo!
I HATE my camera!!! I thought I had footage of me beating Serra on Xbox, but nope 
I hate my computer! 
I hate my computer. This is based on the fact that it let me log on, only 10 minutes after my boyfriend signed off. 
I got new pillows and They fucking pwn all pillows everywhere else. My only regret is that I cant use them for very long tonight. 
I got new Virgil!!! iPhone 3GS... darn my OCD, tho, I can't touch it because the guy in the AT&amp;T store put a bubble on the screen 
i got no homies to hang out w/ today!!! 
i got no sleep last night and i feel like shit fakjhgdfgh great day! 
I got nothing to do 
i got only 5 more followers following those people..  DON&quot;T DO IT!
I got only 90% at English... I feel like shit because I'm the best student at English in my class and some dude who's clueless got 100%. 
i got only a small update for iop .. ugh i couldn't find anything to color  n i'm bummed cuz i can't buy all of andrea's linearts 
I got Orbit by accident instead of my regular Stride... Eighteen sticks later, I now hate Orbit.     &lt;&lt;3 always,  T&gt;
I got outbid on that eBay auction 
i got over 15 wrong on my practice regents..and still grading 
i got overly excited for &quot;new divide&quot; and then found out that it's not available until later today... 
I got paint in my hair  
I got peed on at work last night. 
I got pooped on by a bird at graduation 
i got rained on 
I got rained out today NO YARD SALE!!!!!!   This really sucks!
i got really sunburnt today  my neck hurts.
I got Rick-Rolled again 
I got rope burns on the 3.5 mile hike. And a major headache. 
i got sackedd today 
I got shot 
I got shot down by the one girl again I couldn't talk to.  very sad now
I got shut down by Fogerty's crew trying to live blog. 
I got sick again yesterday  Fever, cough, colds, headache... I think I caught from Tobi. ))
I got skeeter bites on my feets  and i never get camp mail
I hate my couch. I slammed my ear on it and it hurt  stupid industrial why do you hurt?!
I hate my cowlick. 
I HATE MY DOOR. 
i HATE my face!!!! just spent over an hour trying to fix it, didnt work, put me in a bad mood now 
i hate my fake smil so much 
I hate my family, life sucks, the end. Did I mention I hate my family. Gah.... I am so pissed and now can't sleep woo adrenaline. 
i hate my father he is fat ugly and he sucks!  i want to be alone father day  ugh!
I hate my Firefox crashing every few days, but I'm not willing to give up any of my extensions or use a browser without a master password 
i hate my first day in school!! 
i hate my hair red. it looked ten million times better blonde 
i hate my hair srunched 
I hate my hair, Its to freaking knotty which makes it painful to brush but I need to brush it or otherwise it looks like lard. 
I hate my hair.  How the heck do people keep their hair so healthy?  My hair's always been nappy 
I hate my hair. It's WAAAAY too short. But Shannon and my stepmom will love it 
i hate my haircut 
I hate my homework 
I hate my insides 
i hate my internet connection &amp; my slow computer, why do you always fail me when i need you most?! 
I hate my job 
i hate my job : i hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/c9kguw
I hate my job.. horrible day  
i hate my job... hates drama. it always blows up the wrong way. i dont wanna go in today.... 
i hate my laptop. it runs so sloowww 
I hate my life because all the famous people ignore me ! Why cant i be famous i know how to sing ill neva be famous and go to the USA 
i hate my life right now lol  im so mad
i hate my life!! i just feel like crying  i need someone to just come and make me feel so much happier then what i am rite now 
I hate my life!!! - i read all the twilight books, i have the worst grandma ever and i have a history test and sort off geography as well 
I hate my life. Ughhhh! 
i hate my mom when her being like a crazy angry child 
I hate my mood like this  I havent answered any texts/calls today cuz of it. Sry. Starting today I shall be happy again..bet ur left nut
I hate my net connection so much...don't knw why it's playing with me 
I hate my net router.... 
i hate my new nick names at work... *hmph* !!!!!! 
I hate my new phone 
I hate my parents, they keep asking for money and it sucks because I keep sending them more and more and I don't think it's going to end. 
I hate my phone. I can't scroll up  dumbass sidekick shite.
i hate my phone. sorry @whatyoudeserve 
i hate my posture 
i hate my presentation  hahah whatever im glad its over 
I hate my season pass picture 
hello planet- how will I function today without any sleep? poorly I  imagine.   
Hello retainers..again!! sigh. so here I am,suffering because my teeth are squeezing themselves. LOL &amp; its all because of my stubbornness 
hello sunshine! working ALL day 
hello to everybody. builing up the wedding-tent for tuesday. hope the sun comes out 
Hello Today Full Of Fun But Poorly Adam 
Hello Twitter Peeps, still don't want to be at work!!   
i hate my self discipline. why am i working instead of indulging in wine + tv on a sunday night!!! 
I hate my sister sometimes. 
I HATE MY SPEAKERS 
i hate my stomach more then anything  EVERY damn time i eat i always- get the worst pains.
I hate my tension headaches. They are so painful. Been up thru out the night and have to go to work tomorrow. 
I hate my tv  he doesnt work. 
I hate my vserver. Java says: Could not reserve enough space for object heap 
I hate my Wednesday schedule the most.  So many classes for tomorrow.
i hate my yearbook pic 
I hate myself and i'm fat. Feel sorry for me 
i hate myself. all i have to say....    I never think before I do something... never. I always just do it! that needs to change...
i hate mysteries..esp dose dat involve ,me.. 
i HATE N0T HAViNG C0NTR0L 0VA My MiND  THE ABuSE iM TAKiN FR0M &quot;DAT&quot; iS iNT0XiCATiNG N EXSCRuiSCATiNG uNBAREABLE...
i hate never having anything to do!!!! 
I hate Nick&amp;Miley together.. 
I hate nights like this...not ready to go to sleep but nobody is awake to talk to you  resort to counting shoes!
i hate not being able to spend money. i have to save it all 
i hate not being able to taste anything 
i hate not being able to tweet whenever i want to! i really need to get my laptop fixed! 
I hate not being at school  you miss out on shit..
I hate not driving places and getting...stuck. 
I hate not getting e-mail's  going to do other stuff now...ice my toe (long story) and have some calpol (cold :S) soooo night xxxx
i hate not haveing my phone it means i cant tweet ass much 
I hate not having a car charger. The berry's in the red again 
I hate not having a parking pass, I have to leave an hour before work to park 4 blocks away! 
i hate not having a phone. 
i hate not having a picture  but it just wont upload its says thats a nice picture! but it doesnt show up
i hate not knowing 
I hate not sleeping well. 
I hate one day colds 
I hate owing so much money to the band right now 
i hate packing  the bag just doesn't want to shut..
I hate pain.. 
I hate painting, its not going well, the paint colors r supposed to match &amp; they don't, not @ all. all that means is more painting... 
i hate parents 
i hate peeing in cups 
I hate people who don't answer phone calls. Argh.   
I hate people who have those signs at concerts. I think it's disrespectful to other people...means SOMEONE can't see 
I hate people, who in the presence of friends forget to other friends 
i hate peoples hearts 
I hate performing arts log books  and evaluations....    I'm in need of a oreo mcflurry!
I got so much gray hair all of a sudden.  I just ordered me some Garnier Roasted Coffee from drugstore.com, well see how that goes.
I got so much sunburn this weekend 
I got some amazing shit to twitpic but my twitterberry uploading pics wants nothing to do with me. 
I got some BAD news. Can't sleep, can't think straight...man, I just wanna run away right now. I need to go somewhere asap.  
I got soo sunburnd on my shoulders today  Thats the worst thing about the sun.. But i got a really nice tan over the rest of my body
I got spit on by a mud pot today - it was hot and burned my toe   I guess that's what I get for hanging out in a caldera.
I got steak/garlic mashed potatoes and SHOES! 4 pairs! Mo got a million new shirts..Garmez got a new fish bowl..aww nothing for Ari 
I got stood up... Again. 
I got stung by a bee today...first time ever. it hurt 
i got stung by a bee yesterday and my fool is huggeee!!    and it hurts like a mother!!!   i hope it will get better!
I got stung by something 
i got sunburn on my head 
i got sunburned  on my SHINS! how does that happen!?
I got sunburned again!  lol...13 days till my bday DD
I got sunburned today!  Going out to eat soon!!  with my family &lt;33 xoxo
I got sunburned! Cali's already left a mark on me! I now have a red V on my back. 
i got sunburnt and it hurts, plus my nose i think is pealing  :S
I got temptation licked... not literally tho   LOL!
I got that coffee pot all set up last night, but apparently the carafe wasn't all the way into place, and so my timed brew did not happen 
I got the  BEST massage of my life last night.. but i went and f** up  my neck and upper back today... smh ===ouch  ineedyouu..
I got the #iphone 3.0 update but I won't have my phone until friday 
I got the blue screen of death yesterday and my brother reformatted my computer. I lost everything except some pictures. 
i got the day off at school as i got no exams! but i have to do a bit of revision though  but at least i'll have radio 1 with me!
I got the DDR Extreme theme to work for StepmaniaX v11!  for about 8 songs, then it rebooted into the dashboard  FML
I got the DVD game Star Trek: Scene It for b-day... sadly, I don't have many (any) friends with that level of ST knowledge to play with. 
I got the Hesh Skull Candy I used to hav the Gold TI but they broke  but yeah I purposely get the big hp so that I cant hear nada
I got the hicups! Grrr  lol
I got the iPhone 4 my Bday and I LOVE it! It's like having a laptop in ur pocket! But 2 wks l8r the new 1 came out!  But at least I got 1!
I got the Jonas Brothers stand home... it would be freakin' awesome if I liked them. 
I got the lite mayo this time 
I got the midweek blues 
I got the papa roach cd I was missing! But I couldn't find theory of a deadman 
I got the sniffles a few days ago.  Boo  
I got this bangin ass headache and I can't sleep. Movies over. I don't know what to do with myself 
I got this big ass sun hot. I think I'm toooo cute I'm cold ass shyt with this dress on yoooo y the housin lady juss grilled me 
i got this blackberry and cannt respond to my folks on twitter.. HELP.. Ughh 
i got this heels on they are killin my feet lol im a sneaker chick i wish i had a pair now 
I got this horrible rash  ouch!!!!!
I got three spider bites... on my face 
I got through 3 hours of work before packing my shit and leaving. So sick 
I got to be careful while stretching.! I could cut my fingers on the fan (again).! 
I got to ctrl my temper!!! Just yelled at mom! 
i got to play mario kart 64 today and an n64 bowling game...hahaha.  then went to a party to find someone with no luck 
I got to see one of my best buddies for about 15 minutes and I just realized he's gone and I won't see him for a while  dangit
I got to start I'm in gdn loads to do out here dogs bloody jumping all over was getting sun rays makes 1feel better I better get started 
i got to work 2day.  awwwww, it bright sunny and warm outside. i could be at da beach, da lake, anywhere outside but noo..gots 2 work. 
I got to work and Will.i.am was there. 
I got tons and tons of homework today, but in a the bright side..Im DONE Getting ready of tomorrow (not really). I miss my Descartes 
I got too hopeful. Things aren't looking good on the Gizmo front 
I got tummy pains 
i got twitter 
i got up early so i could curtain twitch &amp; watch lewy atempt to drive a car on his drivin lesson....im disapointed..he was actually good 
I got up early to pay bills. I figured its like a bandaid if I get it over quickly it won't be so bad... I was wrong 
i got up so early the day i had the chance to sleep in 
i got up way too early today  and where's the sun anyways?! And OMG there's a dove sitting on a car, watching me!!!! CREEEPY
I got up. Today is pour 
I got wax on my right boob 
i got way too spoilt today. i feel bad 
i got wet in town  and my hair went EXTREMLY curly http://tinyurl.com/mmjmfg
i got yummy as pancakes this morning...wow they were good..wish i got more...only got 2 
I gots a new car, but nowhere to go 
i gots my teef did and now my mouf takes like rubbah 
i gots the jimmy legs. 
I gotst a cavity 
i gotta  go to the doctor tomorrow 
I gotta be up at 7am. Feel like sleeping naked in the garden. I'd end up on the 9 o'clock news tho 
i gotta do a project but i dont wanna 
I gotta do some homework too  someone come do my math please!
i gotta feelin, tht tonights gonna be a good nightttt..well..not reallyyy 
i GOTTA GET FROM AROUND HERE NOBODY CARES ANYMORE 
i gotta get off b4 10 2night  bummer. dad's not in a good mood
i gotta get used to this new schedule 
i hate period cramps. 
i hate photog'ing weddings (helping as such.. not main photog) for friends, i dont do good people pics, just cars!!. 
I hate physics. Just got back and started trying to do physics and i don't get it. 
i hate plane crashes.... 
I hate playing Blockles/OMGPop with people who are really good and have tons of clears. Where's Jared or Damon? I'm better against them. 
I hate playing more than 9 holes of golf a day... Today I played 21. 
I hate Plurk's strict karma scaling. Say if one goes in the hospital for three weeks - whoosh to the karma?  (I was not in hospital BTW.)
I hate pointed shoes. 
i hate posting schedules  too much typing
I hate powerpoint presentations @dejuwa  lame!
I hate ppl. I hate ppl who tear down trees. I hate ppl who tear down trees for unnecessary construction. Decades of growth, gone. Ughh. 
I hate projects. Ugh. I'm so sleepy 
I hate pronouncing patients dead on scene. Even if its expected, dealing with the family still sucks. Makes me sad no matter HOW expected 
i hate putting on clothes 
I hate quarter-hour clock ins  Got in at 8:00:42am &amp; clocked as 8:15.  Which means a 7.45am start for Friday *sigh*
I hate rain! 
i hate rain! when is it gonna get sunny! 
I hate rain, it's summer and I want to go golfing but it's always raining.  It rained today an it's supposed to rain again tomorrow too. 
I hate rainy days  they make me xtra lazy, stayin in bed ALL day.
i hate rainy days! 
i hate rainy dayz 
I hate rainy mondays 
i hate rats! they ruin my days. ewwww. 
I hate reading about plane crashes   http://bit.ly/PllYq Just aweful.
i hate really dislike junk mail that promise you products they won't supply without something in return 
I hate refereeing lil kid bball games! But at least I'm gettin money ...still can't focus tho  
I hate regionalised telly. No FA Cup on STV  #football
i hate revising 
I hate revision 
I hate revision, it's so boring! I am totally unprepared for my exam tomorrow :( Things are not looking good...
I hate roaches!! Especially when they keep me from my own room 
I hate rollercoaters... But today I'm going to be force to. 
I hate running errands when its raining....was texting from 11:30pm until 4:30am!!! Now up at 10am.....thats is NOT enough sleep 
i hate saturday morning tv, not like the old days 
I hate Saturdays at work    http://twitpic.com/7xsx8
I hate saying good bye! Im gonna miss my BFF @luvagurl103 so much... 
I hate saying goodbye @bartmwilliamsjr 
i hate saying goodbye.  ugggggh.
i hate saying goodbyes   
I hate scary movies 
i hate school  hav u had ur exams yet?
i hate school i hate school please end now please end now  
Hello twitter world...I'm getting ready to leave our camp ground  I wanna stay longer!!! @xcutive_sparrow what's good???
Hello Twitter! I know I've been neglecting you lately. Im sowwy 
hello Twitter!â™¥ i'm too bad 
hello twitter. i caved 
Hello Twitter... It is going to rain 
Hello twitterland! Feeling a little worse for wear this morning! And I'm off to work now soon!  Good night last night though...sort of!
Hello Twitters! It's not nice outside. It's windy and it seems that it'll rain soon. 
Hello Twitters!!! What a rubbish, rainy and cold day we are having 
Hello Twitterverse! I haven't been tweeting from the bookstore much these past few days because our DSL has been bizarrely sluggish 
Hello Twittervile - poorly purple just checking to let you know I'm still alive. Legs &amp; head not good, so can't PC much at  the mo 
hello twitterworld.. just came to say hi... im sick sick sick 
hello twitteverse, I am alive!! gotta run, clients  no DM from @JonathanRKnight I see, ho hum.  Good Morning to all my girls, back soon !
hello weekend! shame i have to work 
Hello world this is me. Today is going to be shit with a capital S. I hate gettinglumps cut out 
Hello world! Gotta get up and go to work once again-though my head aches badly  Where's a timeout, when you need one?
hello world! itÂ´s saturday morning and itÂ´s very cloudy outside!! *BAD*  why canÂ´t the sun shine on me?? ;)
Hello WORLD! Well I didn't go out...  I hope for a better day tomorrow. I really really LOVE me! The GAME begin now/today. Time HEALS!
I gotta go now.    I hope everyone has a great day today (or evening for those of you across the globe from me). lol 
I gotta go now.  I`ll sleep early today. No cable. ((( I even know why. :| ugh. Goodnight Twitterland. Dream of me. 8-&gt;
i gotta go play zomg with my daughter ..  i don't wanna ... see yas later
I gotta go to bed, early flight to DC.    But then    lol
I gotta go to internship today... lost sunday afternoon  I just hope the time I'll spend there be useful to study for tomorrow's test.
i gotta go. my parents are angry with me and it's too sad. bye world. being famous will remain only a dream 
I gotta run up da road real quick but I dunno what to put on 
I gotta say buh bye to my blackberry tomorrow  &amp;get another new one! I wish they'd just give me the right one &amp; make sure it ain't broken!
I gotta say my blog visitor count is abismal 
I gotta see Adele in concert, sorry I'll miss Jay in Vegas this summer 
i gotta send my baby back in for replacement 
I gotta sleep now. Class tomorrow and that is so not cool.  High School days were WAY better.
I gotta try and go to bed, guys. Jury duty in the am. Booooooooo  goodniiiight! &lt;3
I GOTTA VENT! U ever have somebody mess your food order up so bad U go home&amp;cook what you ordered yourself so its right! I was pissed! 
I gotta wake up early to fix the report card rincon messed up. Goin to school during summer sucks 
I gotta wake up in less than 4 hours 
I gotta work all day today   happy fathers day to all you dads out there.
I gues I'l go shower and cool down  damn camera i hate you
I guess @ChrissySmile went to bed and didnt text me :/ thats okay though...  im so fucking depressed.
I guess @IamSpectacular is mad at me. I think I went too far with the jokes   Oh well! To the kitchen I go. The food is calling me
I guess AC&amp;T coffee will have to do. 
I guess alls well that ends well...I'm still single for the record lol. Leaving Cleveland will be bittersweet to 
I guess an hour of sleep will have to do. 
I guess apple is being hit to hell cause I cant get my #iphone 3.0 download 
I hate School Uniform. I know, i'm so moany today. Gotta leave in five 
I hate school!! Save me.  poop I hate this. 2 more weeks. Then we'll be outta here.
i hate school!!! i still have 3 days after today... 
I hate searching for people on twitter i never find shit...maybe im just antisocial  
I hate seeing good, hard workimg ppl go to jail for an honest mistake 
I hate seeing guys cry  i love my school.
I hate shopping for bras!!! Why do I have to have such bug boobs 
i hate shots  but i loooove the dinner im about to eat
I hate shots, I've got a killer headache 
I hate sick days  they r never ever fun...
I hate sitting at home Sunday evening. But no option ... 
I hate sitting in traffic,what is with all this traffic. Why do people have to crash on the m6 it causes mayhem in Stafford and sot 
I hate sleeping 
I hate sleeping alone  headaches and sore throats suck  good night.
I hate sleeping alone  i get so depressed n scared  
I hate sleeping alone in this California king sized bed.  I wish she were here with me 
I hate sleeping in that late.  Not good. Gotta do lots of stuff today.
I hate sleeping in! @ChristieDuPree, yo whattchu sayin'? I feel bad already. Hahaha. And you're an hour behind 
I hate sleeping so late. I like being showered and done by 10am. 
i hate sleeping when the sun is already up. 
I hate sleepovers with shannon 
I hate slow laptops at work  speshly when it's my job to make them quicker. http://twitpic.com/5f46f: I hate s.. http://tinyurl.com/p8ws92
I hate smelling what the neighbours are cooking through my window because it always smells so good and I can't have any 
I hate soar throats 
i hate songs and surveys  they always seem to make me cry.
I hate sore throats! 
I hate spam  im actually thinking of cutting off twitter from my phone o.O
i hate spam email 
I HATE SPIDERS!  who's with me?
I hate stains 
I hate starting work at 8am.  Nothing is open...  Like the tobacco store 
I hate staying home by myself... 
I HATE staying in this damn house alone........ 
i hate stipid Wal-Mart with it's 200 checkout lanes and only 2 damn checkers!  
i hate storms. 
i hate stormy weather 
I hate strep throat 
i hate stressin out my mama...she sound sick too.. 
I hate studying  Save me! APPLE tonight at West Hollywood...Come 
i hate studying and i hate exams 
I hate studying but ive worked so hard all semester i cant slack off now 
i hate studying...just can't bring myself to do it  fack
I hate stuffing envelopes 
i hate stupid projects that make you do stupid research on stupid things 
I hate subs for dinner 
i hate subtitled foreign movies BC i only read the subtitles and cant focus on the movie. anyone else have this problem? 
Hello world. Once again its pouring &amp; chilly &amp; I don't think summers coming 
Hello!  I'm back...funfilled weekend...not really, it rained yesterday  Looking forward to the end of the day!
hello! @danielpwright here twatting from @hello6am's account... and his house too! lots of 80s choons, nice wooden floor... no tango 
hello! left late for work and then went through an afternoon of drama at work... i hope he is okay. 
hello! still doing homework.  it looks like its gonna rain. G2G. ; )
hello! what a day. my feet are killing me 
Hello! What a lovely day. Hope you've alll been out enjoying it. I've been locked in a 29oC lab - no air con 
Hello!! I'm watching role models... Not that funny... :| 
Hello!! in one week , the baccalaureat !!! today , it's raining !!  !!
hello!!! chicken layed a weird egg that was like 2 eggs stuck together. miss my friend who went on german exchange 
Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp 
Hello, commercial art. I am lazy. I am hungry.  Entertain me!
I hate summer school. 
I HATE SUNBURN  xxxxxxxx
I hate sunburn.  it hurtss.
i hate sunday evenings        going off now. byebye
I hate Sundays and rain. 
I HATE SUNDAYS N IM BACK TO SKOOL TOMOZ MY HOLIDAYS IS OVA 
i hate sundays, there's nothing to do 
i hate sundays. because on sunday i know that i have to go to school tomorrow 
I hate sundays. I'm so ready to get out. Last sunday closing with Rob  i'm gonna miss him the most 
i hate svn, and i have made a right pigs ear of it on CodePlex 
I hate taking antibiotics, but i think i need to get me some. boooooo. 
I hate taking lily to the doc to get shots. It makes me super sad 
I HATE taking my breaks early 
i hate taking naps 
i hate taking showers now because it hurts my poor rook piercing 
I hate Tennessee tornado season. It makes the ground all icky. 
i hate tess man she's 18 now so she can get a tatoo 
I hate that 19/48 hours of this weekend are spent at job training for what I've already done for 3 years...no family party tomorrow 
I hate that all of you reading this live so far from me.  &lt;3
I HATE THAT AMANDA GIRL. it's PEAR-AH-MORE! not PARRRRAMOAARR! fioasdfadsndaslf 
i hate that bitch!! 
I hate that bloggers take Sundays off. 
i hate that everyone is watching #E3 while im at work 
I hate that feeling after you've ate too much 
I hate that feeling when u think u 4got something and u don't figure out what you 4got until hrs later when its probably lost or gone 
i hate that feeling when your soooooo hungry, but NOTHING sounds good 
I hate that he's on the road, and in a bad mood, and that I can't be there for him. 
i hate that i am going to bed at 4:15 and i have to wake up at 7:15 fml   goodnight!
I hate that I am so stinkin tired everyday!  It's so hard to get up...I thought I was supposed to start getting energy back now. 
I hate that I am very sad about Jon &amp; Kate. Watching and reading their old stuff makes me want to slap some sense into them. 
I hate that I can relate to POVso much recently. It saddens me greatly. 
I hate that I can't bookmark a package tracking page on the Canada Post website. It doesn't store the package # in the URL.   fail.
I hate that I can't communicate with @Racheezy  booo
I hate that I can't fall asleep at night 
i hate that i cant sleep past 9 on weekends even when i'm up till 4 or 5am. i must be getting old 
I hate that I can't sleep! I woke up wide awake  actually someone bbm me &amp; woke me up! Thanks Donny! Mean-eeee! ;)
i hate that i cant take all my clothes to london! 
I hate that I don't get to tweet as much with thd new job. I miss you guys 
i hate that i don't own reservoir dogs on dvd. or the fact that it's not playing on ifc. I WANT TO WATCH IT AGAIN NOW. 
I guess everyone is 2 busy for Colie tonite  but thats okay cuz all i knw is that &quot;special someone&quot; better call me tonite or thats his ASS
I guess for some saying &quot;sorry&quot; is harder then others... but at least it would make me feel better. Wishful thinking 
I guess four hours of sleep is better than none after all. Making appointment to have left shoulder looked at for possible pinched nerve. 
i guess i am just wishing this deployment and having a baby were alot easier, starting to feel like a failure 
i guess i better go do some cleaning... my little cousins are coming out to watch me play soccer... last time ill seem them until august 
I guess i better head over to kinkos   lol
I guess I didn't win an Eye-Fi card in last week's Evernote giveaway  Pretty rad video though: http://bit.ly/GhTVO
i guess i didnt win dmb tickets at fenway...  so sad.
i guess i didn't win the #threadless thing  have you seen that picture?!?! dead embarrassing!
I guess i dont get a nap 
I guess I don't get to go to Vegas this year 
I guess I give up for now 
I guess I have to face it -- the fact that in this economy, I'll never find a job...pfft. 
I guess I need to stop being so opinionated 
I guess I only thought I added a picture! 
I guess i really should go back to writing and music. but im lacking inspiration  HELP PPL!!
I guess i should get ready for bed. Last day with my class before my new summer kids!  kinda sad. Thats teaching tho 
i guess i should get started on the psychology assessment 
i guess i should get to sleep, i gotta be up at 8 
I guess I should go clean out the pollen from the pool since the Sox game was a bust 
I guess I should head to bed, then. I'll try not to cry too much, but I can't believe I'll never see Buddy again. 
I guess I should study for my midterm tomorrow and write that essay.  weekend officially over.
i guess i shouldnt be up, i have school in the morning 
I guess I stayed in the bath tub for too long. Now I'm a bit dizzy.  I like to read books in the tub, but I'd better not during summer. :p
I guess I was supposed to rest yesterday in my 30 day workout according to EA Active. I just had to do the same workout 2 days in a row. 
I hate that I fail in everything in life. *is such a loser* 
I hate that I have to go into the city for Borders 
I hate that I have to make this decision so much sooner than I anticipated. 
I hate that I have to text my tweets again...and no more twitterberry till I can find out what's wrong 
I hate that I have to wake up at 4:30 am on Fri/Sat, just to attend orientation  Too late to skip out, nao -_-
I hate that I hold one when I should be letting go, and I let go when I should be holding on &lt;3 
I HATE that I just got outta bed to go to work  boo !
I hate that I let people ruin good things  bed
I hate that I lost my ring.  It's my fault anyway since I play with my ring all the time. Bah.
I hate that I love him 
I hate that I spent my first week of college without my uniform. SERIOUSLY. I HATE IT  I want my uniform NOOOOW... (
I hate that I still get that nervousexcitedhappybubblyanxious love feeling when I think about him. 
I hate that i work tonight and tommorrow   blah.
I hate that i worry about stupid shit all the time x  -Rx-
I hate that I worry so much 
I hate that I'm really bad at reading ppl over the net. My mind panics any time there is a pause or silence. Need more real interactions 
I hate that it's taking forever for my hair to grow!!  Ugh.
i hate that ive gotten no sleep this weekend and i just got back less than an hr ago from jersey and i have to work.....no fun 
I hate that Monday is only an hour away  The weekends always go by so fast!!
I hate that my bff @princess_nay isn't 21 yet!!! ugh I prolly shouldn't even go buy a dress 2day 
i hate that my summer is already over!  bring on the children
I hate that rainy weather! 
i hate that sinking feeling  makes me feel sick
I HATE THAT SONG. I dunno know what it was called. It's not based on the beat at all.. it's based on the melody that you have to LEARN 
I hate that stupid fall 
I hate that the next two Pixar movies are sequals  Toy Story 3 next year (2010) and Cars 2 the year after(2011).
I hate that the one person i want to talk to most about last night is you. But we don't ever talk anymore. 
I hate that Twitter f**ked up my picture. Now it's just a default instead of the one I wanted. Too tired &amp; lazy to fix it right now. Ugh. 
I hate that twitter only allows 140 Characters  gay!
I hate that when I wake up super tired still, my heart misses him more than is bearable 
I hate that when it's evening here, it's some god-awful morning hour in the States &amp; nobody is online to keep me company. 
I hate that when the weather gets nice all I hear about is shootings on the news or read about it on Chicago news twitter feeds. 
I HATE THAT WOMAN!! Herregud sÃ¥ muggen 
I hate the bites on my feet, they itch to no end 
I hate the Da Vinci Code, but I may see the movie for Audrey Tautou...
I HATE THE DAMN RAIN! It totally cut my driving lesson short 
I hate the doctors 
I guess if it was in San Fransisco I can't regret it too badly; way too far of a drive to get there anyway 
I guess if the program you work in just gives up on life and closes down for no reason it's okay b/c it's called a FATAL ERROR! 
i guess i'll attempt to sleep now  sooo eff'n bored
I guess I'll be alone tonight         ....depressed
i guess ill be home for 5 days instead of getting a tan on the beach. and that means no new video. sorry folks. im upset 
I guess ill be in the house tonight 
I guess i'll be watching tonight's videos until  tomorrow. 
I guess I'll give this twitter thing a shot, though someone took my alias. 
i guess ill go back to work...   
I guess I'll go to bed 
I guess I'm abt 2 get ready 4 class 
i guess im back on the market   ......o well i'll be ok
I guess I'm being sick again. 
I guess I'm done writing for now. Only 2 more papers to write before Saturday..and now I'm not even sleepy 
I guess I'm exclusively GTalk/XMPP until 2.6 is released unless I do the workaround 
I guess Im getting hacked into on twitter now too. I didn't make that last update about &quot;best video&quot; 
I guess I'm going to Nathan Pitts's. I'm not ready for Andy to leave. 
i guess i'm gonna go father's day shopping before work... this weekend is gonna suck 
I guess I'm just not bothered. It's a blog, not the end of the world/band or something. 
i guess im losing hope. oh man. 
I guess I'm never watching Netflix &quot;Instant&quot; again. You can't buffer the whole movie, and you can't leave it playing and replay it. Suck. 
I guess i'm not driving my car for awhile 
I guess Im not going to see hangover 
I guess I'm on the Thunder Diet..  I wanted to go get ice cream but now there's a thunder storm and I'm too scared to go outside. 
i guess i'm pretty screwed up for helping a colleague... 
I guess ima be drinking alone tonight 
I guess it got rained out? There were arrows everywhere, but no arage sale! No records for me. 
I guess it happens to everyone eventually. Anyone wants to come with me to the apple store tomorrow ... iPhone problems 
i guess it was just his time 
I guess it wasn't meant to be 
I hate the drive home. 
I hate the dryer. 
I hate the exams!!! 
I HATE the fact that EVERYONE thinks they can take out their feelings on me. But when I nonpurposely do it, its a problem! 
I hate the fact that I have a headache.. AGAIN 
i hate the fact that i like need my inhaler to live, mines ran out so im like proper wheezing here 
I hate the fact that my mom says i have symptoms of swine flu.  i have to go to the doctors later. Ugh. Hope to god i dont have it.
I hate the fact that my mom won't let me go to the church that I want to. 
I hate the fact that Pacey and Joey are over. Well for now anyway. 
i hate the fact that tomorrow i will get some injections agaaain 
I hate the feeling of distance 
I hate the Fung Wah bus.. worse, my ipod music library mysertiously deleted   Apple Sucks and Fung Wah sucks. Boston till tomorrow... #fb
I hate the hour before an exam where you feel like you're as ready as you're going to be and all you can do is freak out about it 
i hate the law... i cant work i the summer 
I hate the mornings  just gettin ready for wk.
i hate the new facebook look either! so messy and everything is all over the place! i want the old one back! 
I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time. 
I hate the news. The world is so depressing 
i hate the paps so much  jfc leave adam alone
I hate the rain  It should be summer but then again this is England...
i hate the rain  no phils game today
I hate the rain , I want it to be sunny again 
I hate the rain and it keeps raining here in NOVA.  It was sunny on Sunday but I was in class all day.   
i HATE the rain i HATE the rain i HATE the rain......     
I hate the rain it sucks 
i hate the rain so much, especially when it gets in my shoes 
I hate the rain, and its freezing cold! 
I HATE the rain, some idiot dorve past me and straight through a puddle by the side of the road iam now very wet, and REALY pissed off!! 
i hate the rain. 
I hate the rain.   Both here at home and at the us open.  What better to do than watch golf on a rainy day but oh no it's not to be 
I hate the rain.  It ruins hooping outdoors.
I hate the rain. Traffic and my job. : I hate the rain. Traffic and my job.  http://tinyurl.com/m9f822
I hate the rosedale and coffee intersection at 430am I sit there for like 5min on my bike 
i hate the SIB  melissa, can we burn it?
i hate the sniffles 
I hate the summer holidays, there is nothing to do.  2 months of boardum to look forward to... yayness -.-
I hate the sun! 
I hate the time difference! Want to watch the mtv movie awards but that means I have to stay up till 5am x.x! damn 
I hate the twitterberry app!! it keeps freezing up my blackberry 
I HATE the way my blog looks 
i hate the weather absolutly hate, i cant even go out 
i hate the weather in md all it does is rain... i miss tx  http://tinyurl.com/lpfmjk
i hate the weird feelings i always get in my tummy D: they make me sad 
I hate these bad situations 
I hate these days when hayfiever is determining my actions this extremely. It makes me feel so sick like it was the flu! 
I hate thinking its a weekday,so when I put it to a certain channel to watch something,they're not givin it since its a weekend,lmao. 
I hate this 
I hate this balancing act between best friends and guys. How is one supposed to make everyone happy? 
I hate this Brokeback Mountain shit.
I hate this cold wet weather. 
--I hate this crappy weather, I was really hoping it would be nicer out so I'd be able to take the kids to the fun festival  THIS SUCKS
I hate this day  Can't stop crying......
I hate this feeling I'm feeling now 
I HATE this feeling of guilt i have when i haven't done enough work in the day. I have it tonight...   I LOVE Oscar, my gay pet fish.
I hate this feeling. I want my teddy bear. 
i hate this insecurity and lonely feeling 
i hate this job. i almost think banging my head into the wall would feel better... 
i hate this kind of weather; no sun and too hot from the humidity 
I hate this lunchroom, why don't I have pizza 
i hate this mouse!!! it doesnt have a ball in the middle to scroll with 
I HATE THIS NEW PHONE I GOT I MISS MY BLACKBERRY  I THINK IM A HAVE 2 GO GET THE NEW BLACKBERRY TOUCH FUCK A SAMSUNG!!!!
I hate this non sleeping malarky  soo tired
I hate this part 
I hate this part - pussycat dolls 
I hate this part right here! I hate the fact that I love that asshole! 
I Hate This Part Right Hier 
i hate this project i need photo shop 
I HATE THIS RAIN!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate this road 
I hate this scene 
i hate this shitty hot weather 
I hate this situation.  someone help.
i hate this stupid hat 
I hate this time 
i hate this time of year  not seeing some people for 7+ weeks is just so hard 
i hate this time, i am super bored but everyone is sleeping 
I hate this weather  I hope it'll be better tomorroww,, and next week!
i hate this weather! 
i hate this weather! cold and wet :S i need sunshine 
I HATE This weather! Go away sandstorm 
i hate this weather!!! make the rain stop 
i guess its back to tha single life 
i guess its my turn to be sick 
I GUESS ITS OFF TO CLASS I GO 
I guess it's one step forward (Obama elected), two steps back (majority of Americans now anti-choice)      http://tinyurl.com/ozw49h
i guess its over.  our friendship is no more? will we stilll see each other? no more best friends till the end? what has happend? :'(
I guess its the supermarket then, as I am not getting my afternoon out in edinburgh. 
I guess it's time for bed. 
I guess its time for school 
I guess its time to hit the sack 
i guess its true- once your dating someone then all the guys ask you out and flirt- but when you are single they all STOP 
i guess jordyns not sleeping over  watching a movie with steve-o. night.
I guess Marat is back to his grass is for cows theory. 
I guess my question will never be answered 
I guess new york will come another day since they leaving tomorrow  all about communication...they know I am the club...SHIIT! FUCC
I guess nightmare two nights in a row, I guess.....I want my mommy 
i guess no 
I guess no Kolache's...boo 
i guess no more love for me! ok im gonna go eat my taco bell i had to go, and watch my tv shows! 
I guess no one had a bad as night like i did! Faceplanting outside a club, gettin ur leg run over, gettin toilet paper stuck to ur shoe! 
i guess nobody wants to take this snot on a windshield out on a date. 
i guess none of suju's member will reply my msg,   ..........
i guess not. 
I guess now that they're broken up DH will need a new job. Poor girl won't be able to blame it on the recession. EVERYONE SAW. 
I guess our flick is over ooo well nice knowing you bye forever 
I guess people are getting all worked up about the new iphone bc they've never had one before and they don't know any better 
i guess some friendships dont last no matter how hard one person tries.. 
I guess Target no longer sells Caribou Coffee.  
I guess that makes it a pot soup 
i guess thats enough of reading tonight  goodnight
I guess the &quot;Donauinselfest&quot; won't really take place this weekend 
I hate this weatherrrrr 
I Hate this weekend my life suckï¿½s 
i hate this, alot. you do it just to hurt me, and that hurts even more. 
I hate this. I really just wanna go home 
I HATE THIS. Its a drag. Hate busfairs, 10h busfairs. YEIKS 
I hate those days when I wake up and want to go sit with Dad. 
I hate thunder and lightening. its shit and scary 
I hate thunder storm on my Beautiful sunny Sunday 
i hate thunder storms 
I hate Thursdays - back 2 work 
I HATE TICNET. 
i hate tidying my room 
I hate Time Warner! Soooo wish I had Vios. Cant watch the fricken Mets game w/o buffering. I feel like im watching free internet porn.
I hate Time Zones  I'm dying to Skype some foreign pals but for them it's 2-3AM. That sucks rotten. I feel like GABBING. #grrr
I hate to be called, fatty.  Going on diet soon, tml.
I hate to hear bad news î?† I hate to see people sad..  i'm going to drive my self crazy...
I hate to leave  in Miami, FL
I hate to leave knowing that my mother will be kind of alone. 
I hate to leave the big city, but work tomorrow. Back to my reality 
I hate to love him... 
I hate to make everyone sad but I dont think i'm gonna be on very much this week 
i hate to say it but i am sorry.. i miss you daddy!! 
I hate to say this but so far this is probably the worst vacation i have been on. i just want to cry.  i am glad my family is here though.
I hate to say this but sometimes I feel as though my peers feel entitled to the world when they've worked for nothing. 
I hate to say this, but CLA really should have had a press conference or something today. 
I hate to say this.  I'm kind of impressed with Windows 7 
I hate to see my friends sad! it just makes me sad 
I hate today 
I hate today, everything is going wrong. May not be able to afford trip to England this weekend. 
I hate today. 
I hate today. First, a teacher called my attention during class. Second, I missed the bus! Third, loooads of homework. Holy cow, SAVE ME! 
I hate tossing and turning.. Why can't i just fall asleep? 
I hate traffic jam. why could i not fly to work? 
I hate traffic! I'm late 
I hate traffic!! 
I hate traffic. Dallas is nothing, but traffic! 
I hate trevorr wiseman! He's so dumb.  He makes fun of me 24/7 ugh!   I hate when people are mean to me.
I HATE TRIG HOMEWORK. Its too long 
I hate trying to sort things out, i wish i had someone that could do it for me 
i hate Tuesday . 
I hate turning the radio off when The Fray is on.  But it's time for work!
I hate TV series... cuz at some point when ur just in the middle of living the show... it ends.  I sersly don't want Kyle XY to end.
I guess the dryer didn't get my pants totally dry. oh well, I have to wear them 
I guess the friendship meant nothin to them  itz all good tho
I guess the hubby isn't going to say goodnight 
I guess the issue I face isn't really other people wanting to or not, even though I might sometimes feel annoyed that &quot;no one wants me  &quot;.
I guess the new moon trailer has previewed 
I guess the world doesn't stop, not even a moment   Thanks for the following, that all I get.  Do we really see who we're following?
I guess the world doesn't stop, not even a moment  Thanks for the following, that's all I get. Do we really see who we're following?
I guess the yogurt was so cheap last night at the Walnut Hills Kroger because it expires today. Good thing I bought 10 of them 
i guess there is no such as #Summer in #Germany! 
i guess things just gotta change. too bad it's for the worse.  2 more days until sims 3 comes out!! i just gotta wait for my copy now lol
I guess this is my practice for more difficult goodbyes in August 
I guess this recession is real.  Freight for my truck driving husband is either &quot;feast or famine.&quot;  Definitely in a famine this month 
I guess this wasn't true.. We're just too different..  But oh my gosh! They signed my pants! 
I guess waking up 2 pm isn't the best idea i've ever had... guilt is eating me up. still too afraid to talk to katu 
i guess we didnt get a midnight release for the iphone 3.0 
I guess we're not meant to be together, because I need you to understand me, but you cant 
i guess we're seeing the wiz instead of jersey boys 
I guess we're sitting in a tornado and severe T-storm warning....Hooray  Just when I was gonna go outside &amp; take a work break
I guess you didn't hear the grumbles when kindle came out with no cover. My purse +eink screen = shortcut to broken screen  @COOLERebook
I guess you had to attend an overpopulated, public university to get any love from Victoria's Secret 
I guess your dads more fun than me 
I guy like me and I like him!   He's the sweetest I guy likes me but I don't like him   I feel sorry for him Now you see my dilemma :S
I guy was drilling his nose in the car in front of me not moving... some people all's they think about is food... 
i h8 be1n siick!  i just woke up.
i h8 my nose cuz it keeps on growing  i like it how it is NOW
i h8 this part 
i haaaaaave sims 3 =D =D =D =D but as soon as its done installing i have to leave for work 
i haaaaate this mouse... i forgot to bring mine today  i even made sure mine was properly charged... ohwell.
I HATE TWILIGHT 
I HATE TWITTER!!!!  I can't put up my pic!!! uuuggghhh!!  
I hate twitter... 
I hate typo's -.-'  can't edit!!! 
I hate U....But I miss U...  
I hate uncertainty 
i hate unfollowers!they hurt my feelings 
I HATE USAA... car shopping may not happen this weekend 
I hate using the mobile web twitter versn.. When movng frm old to nu pages, im sure im missin out tweets cuz of nu arrivals  #fail
I hate using the T word but I think my little baby Parker is acting more like a TODDLER everyday...and I am sad 
I HATE using twitter on my computer it doesnt work, just started following like 15 people and now it says Im not following them 
i hate video chatting with my parents. it makes me homesick 
I hate videos in YouTube that has no english subtitles. I couldn't understand a word. 
i hate viruses on computers. ugh cant do any thing on it 
i hate visiting dying ppl in the hospital, even if i dont know them 
I hate waiting and this is taking so f-ing long 
i hate waiting around all day just to go into work 
I hate waiting around... wish I could just go home tonight but the tickets for tomorrow cost quite a bit  Never mind.
I 'hate' waiting in queues!!! Never enough people on the tills! 
I hate waiting!!! Can I get some service please!!! 
i hate wakein up early, it sux. i have nothing 2do after i excercise 
i hate wakin up 30 mins before my alarm goes off.   ugh! its gonna be another long day!  
i hate waking up after one, thats when the rain clouds start to formulate 
i hate waking up and thinking its summer already. i have 3 more half days to go! 
I hate waking up before 1030 because my eyes freakin burn like crazy...I don't even need that much sleep  http://myloc.me/498p
I hate waking up early  . Even when I sleep at 4, I wake up at 930. Fail.. Ahahah.
I hate waking up early to go to the dentist 
i HATE waking up from good dreams. 
I hate waking up in sweating in the morning. Not the business. Alright going to get ready for school! 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night for no reason 
I hate waking up so grouchy  *sleepy http://tinyurl.com/lq7scm
I hate waking up suck, knowing I have to work in an hour.. 
i hate waking up this early  nothing to do!
I hate waking up this late. 
I HATE WAKING UP TO THIS!!!!! THIS SRLSY SUCKS I HATE LIVING IN BELGIUM!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH  i want the songs to
I hate waking up. 
I hate wakng up to tweets instead of real texts 
I hate washing dishes 
i hate washington dc and its inhabitants 
I hate wasps so much 
I hate watching extreme makeover home edition because I cry everytime 
I haaaate this game. Its so  addicting and i get so mad when the little creatures kill me! 
I haaaate when they scream for u, when u drop 'em off at daycare 
I haaate being put on hold. Grr! 
I hacked my linksys router and now i can only SSH into it, the web gui was disabled and i can't get it back... so sad...  
I had 2 appts within 5hrs I am so pooped right now 
I had 2 twins and a peach and a kid now i lost it all. I have nothing to live for 
I had 2 WALK home 
I had 3 hrs of sleep ... Fml orientation  @itssmissy @itssdannyboy
i had 7 followers   but who cares... My baby kitten is dying!   He was so sweet... Well what else to say..?
I had a bad day plus MILLIONS of homework 
I had a bad dream  I hate getting dese dreams again.
I had a bad dream about zombies. 
I had a bad dream and there's no one to hold me and comfort me!!! 
I had a bad headache this morning. Plus I missed my journalism &amp; math classes. 
I had a bastard of a morning lost my USB then mum went apeshit at me about some shit and to top it all off i got hassled by dickheads 
I had a blast today...I don't wana go to work tmrw!! 
I had a chance to go to tokyo last year but passed it up for nothing! 
I had a cold yesterday but went out anyway to socialize ..now I have the flu and it's no fun! 
I had a crazy dream that Texas lost 11-4. SI.com confirmed it  
I had a day. After being sick all last week,going back to work was tough. I was exhausted! I took a 3hour nap 
I had a dream about a boyzone aftershow, and i was sitting chatting with Ronan! I wish he knew i existed 
I had a dream about a giant sex complex... videos, toys, clothes, swingers rooms... everything. too bad it was just a dream 
I had a dream about a pretty pretty beach and there was no beach when I woke up 
I had a dream about Darrell last night? Does that mean the world is coming to an end?  
i had a dream about donuts there were so many so delicious I woke up thinking it was reality now I'm disappointed 
i hate watching movies where animals are getting hurt! 
I hate watchn things that make me sad n wana cry 
I hate wearing dresses without tights 
i hate wearing my retainers  i'd rather have my braces back. :|
I hate web blockers, stupid company. At least I have my iPod to keep me company on this quietest of Saturdays. It'll be worse on Monday 
I hate wen a fuck wit a bitch &amp; her pussky end up being hairy which turn out her pussky nk up being musty 
i hate Western Australia and their stupid powercuts everytime a lil bad weather hits!!!!!... bad weather i mean rain!! soo pathetic lol 
I hate when @fattie20xl works nights  sigh
I hate when a friend goes and let's slip how he finds gay guys disgusting. After I was mc at their wedding and god parent to their child 
I hate when a new phone (Palm Pre) comes out on a phone company (Sprint) i no longer have.  It Sux big time :.. http://tinyurl.com/oqgvsv
I hate when Bella yells at Charlie even though she doesnt mean it...cause i love Charlie 
I hate when books make me cry 
I hate when Chase falls asleep before me and I can't sleep  yuck...I'm so exhausted tho what's wrong with me?!
i hate when docos have low production values and cheap effects 
I hate when friends act weird for no apparent reason...it makes me sad 
I hate when good things come to an end  http://tinyurl.com/33fp8b
I hate when he gets mad at me 
I hate when headphones get into knots like it bothers me so much .. Is that like ocd ? 
I hate when I can't help certain situations...my poor little sis. This is just awful 
I hate when I do that #pastewrong100k+rowswithformulasinexcel 
I hate when I feel this! Please GOD help me! Mood: Depressed 
I hate when I get stuck in a small feature. Small things tend to be the most complex ones. 
I hate when i have hard white bumps on the back of my throat...i dont know what that is!  goodnight twitterworld
I hate when i have no service and i miss a very important phone call 
i hate when i have so much to do so little time 
I hate when I know I'm not supposed to do something &amp; I do it anyway  but sometimes I cant stop myself
I hate when I make things awkward. I'll most likely fuck things up soon because it always happens. 
I hate when i miss 24 on TV, it really annoys me  Thank God for the internet  And the DVD in October too of course, lol.
I HATE when I wake up at 6 AM and can't go back to sleep... 
I hate when i want to sleep, but can't 
I hate when I'm expecting a text from someone, and my phone goes off only for me to find it's a Twitter update. Disappointing 
I hate when I'm getting in my car and I smack my head! Ouch 
i hate when im ignored.  so i just left.
i hate when im not feeling good 
i hate when i'm on a different computer and i can't remember my passwords b/c they're always saved. 
I had a dream about nick jonas last night and we were very happy together. if only dreams came true 
I had a dream i was an x man and i was super strong, but people made fun of me cause i was a total bottom... Meanies 
I had a dream I was shot, died, and was all  because I couldn't figure out how to stalk the guys in korea as a ghost. :/
I had a dream I went to london... oh... london.... 
I had a dream last night she failed all her exams and couldn't escape when the college caught fire! 
I had a dream last night that a porn star stole my boyfriend  luckily he was awake to console me when I got up.
I had a dream last night that I could put my hair into a ponytail. Ahhh, someday 
I had a dream that @mdoolittle hated me 
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
I had a dream that I found all new camera equipment in a field. 4.5mm Sigma Fisheye, 11mm Aspherical Tamron Lens and a new Canon body 
i had a dream that i was going to my graduation &amp; i started crying...then i went home to take a nap &amp; missed it...then a bee stung me... 
I had a dream that my dog died, and woke up crying and felt around my bed and she was there. 
I had a fat day. 
I had a feeling, when I first heard the news of Flt 447, that I knew someone aboard. It was in my dream I had that morning. 
i had a fight 
I had a fight with the rock wall... and the rock wall won  Check out the video here http://bit.ly/3Rkoh8
I had a FTSK sticker... I think it ran away 
i had a good cried out juz nw..but i noe dis wont end.. 
I had a good day but i have sun burn on my arms ouch 
I had a good time at the club tonight, and saw a really hot guy...but he was gay   darn...
i hate when im trying to sound like air freshner and i cant... 
i hate when internet explorer doesnt respond 
I hate when internet says its there, but it refuses to work 
I hate when it crazy rains  my car can't handle it lol
I hate when it rains it looks so gloomy outside 
I hate when it's cloudy. I either want it to be all sunny or raining. It's cloudy 
I hate when it's cold in the morning! 
i hate when my doggie has nightmares. he makes sad noises. 
i hate when my family and best friends are upset. i never really know what to say to cheer them up 
I hate when my followers go bye bye  LoL
i hate when my friends are sad  snuggle sesh
I hate when my friends don't answer my texts    
i hate when my lips chap up! 
I hate when my medication wares off then I wake up. Ouch, haha. 
I hate when my medication wears off then I wake up. Ouch, haha. 
I hate when my mom's friends come with us to eat... It's so fucking akward! 
I hate when my phone dies, I never know if anyone sent me anything on aim before my phone turned off. 
I HATE when my snuggle routine is interrupted.  if i am home, lucy and i must snuggle before bed. Ugh! And its soooo hot in here.
I hate when people make small talk on msn to =fill the gaps, please realise this isn't working, I'm sorry I can't say it to your face 
I hate when people make up Rumours...how pathetic! And what a pile of balls 
i hate when people take a million years to text you back 
I hate when people talk about @kurosuist to me  grr..
I hate when people use my ideas and dont give me credit 
i hate when plans don't work  i need something to do tonight
i hate when ppl are disappointed w/me 
I hate when ppl can't be trusted or when u trust ppl u shouldnt trust 
I hate when progress meters go the wrong way. 
i HATE when rainy weather doesn't allow me to go see the Muni!  oh well.. i guess i'll watch the Tony Awards instead!
I hate when rentacops suck at watching me.. They just Look like theyr watching me because I'm black  haha stupid prick
I hate when shit like this happenns 
I hate when software update downloads updates without telling me. I never know what's downloading when it is 
i hate when someones blackberry goes off and its not mine. 
I hate when spam mail goes to my phone and I think its a txt. 
I hate when things are complicated 
i hate when things can be so out of your control 
I hate when trials are too short. That forces me to pirate for a short while 
I hate when u didn't drink but u feel like u had like 20 shots of patron...don't know if its the lack of sleep or my frustration 
I hate when u really want to talk to some1 on the phone and they're not awake...makes me    booo!
i hate when violent weather wakes me up 
I hate when weekend tours end  can I just tour forever, please?!
I had a great day and I really dont feel like stocking chips 
I had a GREAT TIME @ the library!! I miss hiding in the shelves listening to the sweet sound of ..... SILENCE.... back to reality 
I had a great time at the zoo today! Now its time for bed!!! Up nice and early tomorrow  - Not by choice!
I had a great weekend.  I wish I could extend it for a few more days, but I guess I have to go back to work tomorrow 
I had a long exhausting day apartment hunting....and once again....no luck 
I had a long fucking week damn it...  Thank GOD for PRIDE!
I had a netgear WPN111 working on windows 7 without any problems. After reformatting the computer I don't. 
I had a nice nap on the plane, sadly not off the runway yet in Chicago. Rain delays which means no #techkaraokesf tonight 
I had a nice quiet evening tonight with Jeff, since he's leaving to LA for 4 days  boo.
I had a nightmare 
I had a nightmare......  
I had a piece of toast and now I'm full 
I had a pitcher of ice tea spilled on me 
I had a really cool dream last night but I don't remember a thing... Not happy 
I had a really emotional night. I don't want this to happen. 
I had a really enjoyable weekend. Now for school tomorrow. . . And exams  blah.
I had a really good time at the Taking Back Sunday show, I just wish Al would have not backed out... 
I had a run/steam/mma planned tomorrow if it's good and a swim/steam/nothing if not but even that is looking like it's out now 
i had a sad day 
I had a sausage egg biscuit from mcdonalds. I haven't done my outside patrol yet. 
i had a scary dream anout natalie last night 
i had a strange thought last night i  said that @gerardway was a girl!!! oppps i feel bad know lol i hope Gerard forgives me 
I had a sucky softball game tonight. Nothing like going 0-3... 
i had a super long day, i feel bad for not being able to hang out with you tomorrow, it's not my fault 
i had a terrible evening. 
I had a terrible nightmare 
I had a unhappy case of food poisoning this morning. 
i had a very nice bbq dinner... but now it's repeating on me!! 
i had a very nice dream about a certain person, but then i woke up. 
I had a very productive day... But missing my Zando 
I had a wonderful weekend in Berlin with some equally wonderful people.It's just a shame it passed so quickly 
I had absolutely no idea that Jason Schwartzman had a girlfriend. Moreover, I had no idea that Jason Schwartzman is getting married.    
I had an accident on the carpet! Ooooops...   
I had an amazing day on the bike. Came home to find that #ERIC and Tara are having a rough time of it. There can be no rhyme or reason. 
hello, I am with toothache 
hello, i want to go swimming sooo bad but i have no one to go with 
hello, someone talk to me, please? i'm bored 
hello, still not feeling very well  lunch with my bestests should cheer me up! daren't eat alot but a good gossip will be good! x x
hello.  so sleepy. but goodnight. sorry no conan for me tonight 
hello. long time no twit. longtime no sun either 
Hello....acnes, huh!! Kalo agnes monica sih gpp, gw ajak nyenyong brg. Jd hrs bteman baik sama obat jrawat lg deh, jgn pd betah ya please 
Hello....I wanted to know if there are other people that have children/teens with Auto Immune Diseases and how you cope 
Hello? Anybody there? Ass: NC at Work 
Hello? Mr Wilson? I REALLY need your help. 
Hello? Why are people un-following me?? 
HELLO?!?! anybody would hep me pls?? i wanna send a mail to demii  plsss help meeee :'(
HELLOHHHH whatï¿½s up with MariahDaily....... 
helloo everyone! I'm at work until 5pm today and tomorrow. I start Chemistry Monday 
Helloo! Its Sunday... 5 to 6... and... raining 
I had an awesome weekend, I finally saw X-Men Origins and hung out with my friends. But I just found out one of the might leave tomorrow 
i had an awesome weekend. now time for the work week. 
I had an awful nightmare  Ash is taking me to lunch to brighten up my day. Then I'm gunna call Mike and yell at him for forgetting me.
i had an awsome day...again. too bad johannerz couldnt come. 
I had an epiphany this morning...but I freaking forgot it on the way to work  #brainfail
I HAD AN EPIPHANY!!! and it gave me a headache 
i had been very very busy for the past few days 
i had dinner at midnight. now that's deffinitly not healthy. last day of school tomorrow.  i'm going to miss my friends
I had enough money to buy Miami,but I pissed it away 
I had forgotten just how bad ankylosing spondylitis could be. I can't even move without the feeling that I am being stabbed in the hip 
I had fun at the bqq  can't believe I had to leave when bestfriend got there 
I had fun at the stag and doe. Wish i had won a prize though  lol. oh well, to bed, work tomorrow
Hells Bells... *sigh* Poor Xander/Anya. The couple that never could be 
Hells no I can't do both. I'm a fat ass I can't  @SpiceFlow
Helluva media vehicle rotation this month. Last indie-Mopar Caravan, last Swedish Volvo, last Pontiac drive. Taking cabernet suggestions. 
Helluva wake up call this morn, pity mk chance of a repeat tomorrow or Monday. 
helocopter over my house...scaring the cats so they do not eat 
Help Angry Barry dominate world! http://is.gd/Kkw2 Advance levels? Kill people &amp; collect their acorns! Not 57 levels tho...  #p2 #tcot
help cant seem to upload a phot 
help help!!!!! can not understand people think I am ugly and fat, is so tired of not having a boyfriend &lt;3&lt;3 
Help me .. ! i don't know undrstnd .. aarrggh .. flowers ?? what ? i don't knw .. 
Help me come up with a new username... 
Help me for I cannot fanthom the ideas in my head...someone hold my hand in this painful walk 
Help me if you can.. I'm feeling down 
I had gotten kind of used to having my husband at home during the day.  Now he has returned to his 14 hour days, and I am home alone. Boo.
I had hoped for a day to sit down and do some personal projects.  Unfortunately looks like the family has other ideas. 
i had horrible dreams last night 
I had it last yr in Aug. for 3 wks. I was lucky I got better so fast. Could last longer or not get better. Poor thing 
I had like 5 dreams last night..can't remember any of them.. 
I had like the best dream everrr. Now I have to get ready for school 
I had mad fun and now its over ( gotta go 2 work) 
i had math class today. sucked, now I am at home watching movies and all. Call me On my HOME phone if you need me. I have bad news too 
i had math test today..im sure tht i will got F 
I had more fun at the last pride party 
I had my dog done last year when she had her puppies. So why is she on heat 
i had my first final exam this morning and it was math.i guess it was okay. i just hope i pass. bad thing is, im getting sick. 
I had my first singing lesson today in a ladies gargage!! My thoart hurts  I'm gonna have to get used to singing for hours at a time.
I had my hands on Sims 3 today in target!! I want it so badly!! but may distract me from fun LSAT studying, yay... 
i had my voice for a day...and now its gone again 
I had nachos for lunch! Bought some songs from Hannah Montana soundtrack and Jennette's single. Rocking out!  Then back to homework. 
I had nasty chocolate  yucky.  i have bursts of being a lady. but they don't last long.
I had never gone through any deaths in my family before... I really don't know... I just want to rest... It was a very long day... 
I had no idea it was BarCamp Baltimore until yesterday, and I was already down at my parents' place for the weekend. 
Help me what should i do? i have to be alone in a room with a pÃ¤dophil teacher;( help me and i cant defense myself  i dont know what to do
help me!!!  my husband is snoring again  .... 
Help meee with matrices. 
HELP MEEEEEE . explain everything about twitter 
Help meï¿½ï¿½ PLS. Wanna go home. But it's 90km (56 mi) awayï¿½ï¿½  My position:  http://bit.ly/f3DyR
Help my dslr doesn't work when it's on AF it won't take a pic it just blinks a lot  I'm sooo upset what can I do?
Help my shoes are cutting my feet seriously I a bleeding the ground is to hot walk on without shoe 
help please! how can I forget a man that I love and did not know that I exist? this man is.. JOE! 
Help Reqd Fast! how 2mk Ragda Patties???? I hv no clue 
Help the Backstage crew - the crew that doesn't get to go to the music fests   win a bet &amp; get some beer  by getting 1000 followers by Fri
Help!  Can anyone find words that rhyme with orange, purple and silver?  I'm at a loss 
HELP! How the frig do i direct message via text 
HELP! i cant seem to upload a photo 
help! I signed up for Daily Twittascope and I can't unsubscribe!  Anyone know how I can do this?
help! im addicted to taking disco naps &amp; they're making it ridiculously difficult for me to sleep later at night 
help! I've broken this post on site by fiddling with comments.php, all content disappeared... http://is.gd/179ku Tried restoring,no luck 
Help! Need suggestions for a big tasty impressive bbq/smoker food that can be done in under 8 hours. butts spoiled  clod is 30 hours 
HELP! Need to compare classical criminology with strain theory.. I don't know what to write 
Help! Somewhere in my room is a big bug. I hope it doesn't gnaw off a piece of my face overnight 
HELP! To much family drama and the picnic has not even started yet 
HELP!! i've got sensitive teeth!! 
HELP. I have a full blown fever. I'm DYING. I doubt ill talk much today. It wouldn't make sense if I tried. Fever dreams.  
i had one of the worst nights EVER last night! boo 
I had originally double-booked plans tonight... now neither are happening. Go figure. 
I had planned on doing a watermelon cleanse, but on second thought I may have to get a different melon 
i had planned to do college work today but i've done none 
I had prawn noodles at noon, a soup + salad 3 hours later + I just had a wanton mee!!! It's not even 7pm 
i had said hello. now its time to say goodbye  
I had so many dreams about you and me....happy endings now i knowww...  &lt;/3
I had so many things on tonight..but its just best if i just stay home n revize..  
i had some  bad appetizers  last  night- ended up with  a bit of food poisening- not  soo  fun!      now  i  get  to  drive  back  to  LA
i had some but let it go 
I had some delicious Thai food earlier today and now my tummy hurts 
I had some fucking Arby's. And now my tummy hurts 
I had some weird-ass twilight themed dreams last night. I've never read the books, and seen the movie 1ce 
I had someone else's idea  Jonah Hill is remaking 21 Jump Street.  http://bit.ly/FOtT5 blerg.
i had something really intersting/funny to write. but now i've forgotten it 
I had something to say. But now I forget. 
I HAD SOO MUCH FUN SWIMMIN ALL WEEKEND... NOW ITS TIME TO PACK UP ... ONE WEEK LEFT IN H-TOWN 
I had stye for a week ,i feel uncomfortable 
HELP. this is no joke. seriously. wat is tyler and his friends doing? ohhh i think i kno... god wat a moron. now i have to do something!! 
HELP: can anyone suggest songs for &quot;Evolution of Dance&quot;. Am thinking from egyptian to modern hiphop. But, I got no songs. 
Helped D. prepare awesome presentation, had dinner in a new truly Mexican restaurant. Now I need to do some work 
Helped my bestest buds move today   I will miss them!  During the moving process, I pulled a muscle
Helped taylor and jacob at their swim meet today. I miss swim team so much 
helpin my mom and dad....gunna miss my baby tonight! 
Helpin Tine pack. 
Helping @ambreleigh move in my deluxe apartment in the sky. My back hurts  too bad @sluddy flaked on helping out
Helping @The_Seed pick up the pieces to his broken little life 
Helping @wually w/ his skool project &amp; got so deep in2 it, I forgot the Lions' match had started. Just turned on the TV &amp; it's 19-7! 
Helping dahlia move 
helping friend w/ &quot;grading&quot; paperwork. i'm shocked and dismayed at the spelling level. CA continues to cut $ for school programs.  awful
Helping hubby pack to go to Dubai tomorrow ... wish he didn't have to go 
helping mom playing prime suspect , wish that my brother's here 
Helping my bestie finish packing. She'll be headed to DC in a few hours  for a good cause though!
helping my mommy pack . she's leaving to Mexico in saturday ! 
helping my sister pack all her things for her new house 
Helping our favorite neighbors move out 
helping out my bro's.. such a busy day 
I had such a great mother's day! Would've been better if Joe had been here though... 
I had that dream again last night , but this time I felt nothing 
I had the awesomest dream ever!!!! Except co-starring the wrong person... 
I had the best dream ever last night! 
i had the best week of my life. i'm sad it's over. and i miss my girls. 
I had the chance to leave at 10  Have to teach someone how to close. FAIL!
I had the choice of staying in bed/going to work/or sitting in the sun! Definatly went for the worst of the three  ....work!
I had the fright of my life last night. I'm not liking my new exercise ball, could barely walk when I got out 
I had the funniest tweet ever earlier, and it didn't even send; major sad face! 
I had the most mediocre sex of my life earlier this evening  #fail
I had the most ridiculous dream last night that has put me in a bad mood today. 
I had the moust amazing weekend, what happend to the spirit?... oh right! Work!! 
I had the random thought of listening to @pandora while I was sitting in the lobby, but you can't in the Bahamas. 
I had the scariest fuckin dream last night 
I had the three right horses but i didnt box the trifecta  No mo billz
I had the urge to eat a banana. That's why I'm eating one right now, *chews* *swallows* My teeth hurt like crazy, and my gums... 
I had the worst dreams EVER. attempting to go back to sleep  atleast I have 4 more hours, that makes me feel better.
I had tickets to go to the Paul McCartney concert in Las Vegas last night.....but I couldn't go.    sad sad sad!
I had to cancel cinema with my friend tonight because I feel quite the ill 
i had to eat my dinner outside on a rock 
I had to fall asleep on the smallest couch possible.  now my neck hurts.
I had to force feed Tom otherwise he'll starve to death. 
I had to force my cousins to give me goodbye hugs. 
Helping the hubs pack for his 4 day conference! Ill miss him 
helping yuki pack for espana!!!!!!!!!  he's leaving me for a whole 2 months!!!!
helpiranelection.com failed to me 
Help'm totally tense.Have real pain.Must be today but from 4:00pm-8:00pm work.Just see that I have somehow come to the doctor the day. 
helpmeeee helpmeee sos sos someone helpme ,,,,, dond quedo mi pic??? eee??  so sad
HELPPPP      how does twitter workkkk :S
Helpppp my face is swollen and my back is itching, like madddd 
henry gale where are you? 
Heprim is not working. They put in a second line for more heprin. She's cracked out on pain meds. 
Her last office screamed serenity now-this &quot;new&quot; office not so much 
Her phone sucks.  
her score in Bejeweled Blitz is dropping, TERRIBLY 
her squad performed early. i ran in to watch n didnt take pics. 
Her* god predictive text on this can be annoying! 
Here .. 11:47pm .. Bored to death ! Laptop battery soon be dead .. 
Here .. Eatting Smarties ice cream .. Bad tummy 
here again in school bored wanting  2 go home 
i had to get a new phone and number  ALL BECAUSE OF LAST NIGHT! and i was soberrrr ughhh
I had to get a shot today.  It hurt &amp; I didn't even get a lollipop 
I had to get blood taken  but at least I got a tweety bird band-aid!!
I had to get three shots   
I had to give away my Chick-fil-a sandwich. 
I had to happen, I guess. I picked up a flu bug and began showing symptoms yesterday  temp 100.7, congestion and low-level nausea &lt;ugh&gt;
I had to have a tetanus shot this morning and my arm still hurts! 
I had to jinx it  I was interrupted again, and it was the same person. I was only 25 minutes in. I'm pissed  #chuckmemondays
I had to leave school early cause I was sick  LOLs
i had to leave training. i got done an hour before everyone else. i can't keep myself around trouble, kuz i looooves me some trouble 
I had to put &quot;teddy&quot; in the kennel!    broke my heart
I had to put on a big fat show for a reporter. I lied through my teeth. 
i had to run out on my presentation to puke. that was embarrassing  chem now
I had to say bye to steve 
i had to sleep on the floor last night because my cats took over my bed, now my back hurts 
I had to stop at my mom.. i hate it that i don't have a computer yet..   welll going home in a few min to make dinner.. i'm hungry..
I had to take Benadryl last night and I couldn't get up this morning wtf  I feel terrible today, like cement.
I had to wait 1 and a half hours in the cold and dark all alone until someone finally came and picked me up 
I had to wake poor Misty, (my dog) up because she was having a bad dream. She was whining and jumping. Poor baby. 
I had to wake up at 8 AM because someone wants to wash my windows? 
i had to walk to the bus stop today. now i'm freezing and wet. 
I had to wrap it up. It hurts!   sad Lissy.  http://mypict.me/245A
I had trouble focusing or syncing at the beginning of the run 
I had trouble sleeping last night.. Why.. I don't know! But I'm awake now and I am loosing my voice  like WTF.
i had twitter for a month now and still can't figure it out.  
i had visions of some kind of NES playing Emilie Autumn... 
I had Waffle House at like 5am - then proceeded to drop it on my living room rug.  Grits are VERY hard to clean up when you're drunk.  
i hadn't twittered todayy!!! hahah i still upset because of yesterdayy!!  .. any wayyy...
Here at work having lunch. A lot of work and not enough help 
Here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish I had a magic wand to erase all the madness 
Here at work, the Presidential mandate does not apply to any longer. 
here at work. working. 
Here come Mr. or Mrs. Rain!!!!! lloviendo para el escorial, con munchies todavia 
here come the men in black ;) ~ is missing someone 
here comes again..the thoughts of you! 
Here comes the 4:15  http://twitpic.com/7y5br
here comes the long day. boo 
Here comes the rain  This summer better be a scorcher  http://twitpic.com/5djt4
here comes the rain again.. sad face 
Here comes the rain again..... 
Here comes the rain... At least things should cool down now. I have a heat rash! 
Here comes the sick 
HERE GETTING DRESSED AND WISHING I COULD TURN BACK TIME AND GIVE MY BEST FRIEND HER HUSBAND BACK! GOD HELP BRING BACK THE BFF I LOVE  
here goes another long day... 
Here goes another week 
Here had a blast today but it went by fast!!!!!!!! School, new cell, more school 
here Heka bored on a Friday  lol But its Kul
here I am again so hungry I can't move 
Here I am again, feeling like I don't wanna do this crap 
here i am oh here i am when will someone understand 
here I go putting 2 onions in my eyes...lol...*drops* lol 
Here in NYC it's just too soggy to tweet 
here in the park everyone is running while I sit in a bar eating ... 
here is @feiticeira? She was here an hour ago and has disappeared now boooo 
I haf a nightmare last night  I was actually screaming in my sleep.
i hafta do my amstuds hw later.... 
I hardly go on here anymore 
I hardly tweeted today.. don't know why 
I has a bright red umbrella!  They didn't have a pink one to match my ds or a purple to match my purse. 
i has a bugbite on my foot  stupid Concord Scout House, GET SCREEN DOORS PLZTHXXXXXX!
I has a hangover. 
I has a headache  weird headache
i has a headache.  no magnet picnic for me
I has a realllly nasty sunburn 
i has a sweeth tooth or sensitive im like sensitive to room tempurute/ coldish mandarins  gonna go watch gg now
I has a tummy bug  haven't eaten much and what i've managed to keep down isn't all that much. arrg i feel like shite.
i has a tummyache. 
i has a very sore shoulder 
I has an ice cap! Except..it's leaking all over my pants. And an office is not the place to wear no pants 
i has got a fever..  h1n1 perhaps?? XP
I has headache 
I has headache. I study make my heads hurt worse. I can never win. 
I has migraine. I think it was compounded by the beer (v good, Moosehead). I haven't drunk beer in a while which is prob why 
I has no juice and i just vaccumed up a pink paperclip...   Sniff sniff
i has the sniffles 
i hat e doing french h/w 
i hat to go to the library 
I Hate  moving day 
i hate 16 hr shifts 
I HATE 2 C HIM LUKING LIKE THAT, 
I HATE 6th period. 
I hate 7am conference calls 
I hate a terrible headache 
I hate Actionscript, it doesn't like me neither  I'm never going to get this done...
I hate after shows cause they just feel like a dream 
I hate all my friends that don't want to go with me to the parade!!!! Sooo sad 
I hate allergies! My eyes are watering profusely and I'm sneezing a lot 
I hate allergy season 
I hate asthma when you have no medecine for at least a week or more. I want to breath. 
Here is my current icon for my tip calculator.  I dont actually have Photoshop or any decent tools   &quot;TipMate&quot; or &quot;TipCheck&quot;? cant decide!
Here is to all the Fathers out there, who do not get Fathers day greetings!   not quite the hipe of other days, but we deserve it anyway!
Here it comes: http://tinyurl.com/lgk2kn ! The new features for Ninjatrader 7 ! Yeas! Seven! Release @ the end of 2009 ... 
Here it is 1:00am and I'm just lying here  can not get to sleep! Rrrggg
Here it is June, my deadline has past for my 2nd book.  I haven't written book 2 beyond 60 pages   I feel demotivated. I have to press on
Here once stood coolers full of FREE H2o, v8, Coke, Pepsi, MtDew, DrPepper, &amp; Sprite. As of today, no more   http://twitpic.com/6p6l6
Here we are. Stinks of haircare in here. I DON'T DO HAIRCARE. 
here we go again! and its always around the same time too!  adufsgfa.
here we go! algebra down. spanish,science, and keyboarding today. 
here we go, drag me to the hell 
HERE YALL GO!! Becky the Great Exposes herself... http://twitpic.com/4ylbz I hate that it came to this... 
here, missing you  more than words can i say..// i'm so sorry..
here. don't know how much i hurt. 
Hereos (the pen) is dead.  But it still lights up!
Here's a fun fact. Do not I repeat do not call apple phone support today. I've been on hold for 30 minutes and counting 
Here's a 'thank-you-for-everything' to my grandparents who taught me so much! Wish you were here 
Here's an idea, clothes that clean itself after use. I hate doing laundry 
Heres hoping miss miranda gets to work early 
Here's hoping my @ktforres is still doing well in #Boston - Havn't talked to him since 5:00 am yesterday! 
Here's me on CNBC [VIDEO] (part1 http://bit.ly/pm3Yq (part2  http://bit.ly/uYgDY   ) My favorite part of the interview was cut 
here's the pic of my screenshield install  AIR BUBBLES!! hate them...  http://idek.net/DnZ
here's to another open to close shift... 
heritage cornwall meeting tonight &amp; today's the last day i see my brother before he heads off to edmonton.. 
herman has given up on my late night antics and is now sleeping with my early to bed roomy.  at least I have kitty-fat mischa to cuddle.
hershey vomited on the carpet. poor puppyyyy 
He's 7 Months Old And Ive Missed Him Sooooo Much!!! Its Gonna B Ah Long Way Back  Here's What Im Looking Forward To....
hes annoying me in my media lesson 
He's asleep already.  wow.
he's awake!... but still tired  gotta talk to that Mr. Coffee again to help me through the day...
he's back in portland  i'll see him on Sunday. debating on whether or not to stay longer than 4 days. he's asking me to stay the week.
hes back in the hospital... again... 
he's back... 
he's breaking my heart  why he removed me just to be alone with his new girlfriend??? D=
he's dead 
He's def getting in with the FIA  guaranteed himself a job for at least 4 months there.... http://tinyurl.com/kk749u
He's done 
he's dying..............can't believe that it is finally happening.  i am sad 
Hes gone 
he's gone 
Hes gone  it was beautiful
he's gone i'm sad  waching gossip girl &lt;3 and then go to sleep. good night my sweet twitties &lt;3
he's gone till july..... bummer 
hes gonna break up with me ((((  
He's had a long,bad day, and is tired....my party is pooping... 
he's is teh reason for the teardrops on muy guitar ! is so really.. 
He's just not that into me  all this time wasted on u? I don't care how big ur ego is, ur not that special. Get over yaself...
He's Just Not That Into You  - http://bit.ly/oQN6V . What a realistic movie!
He's kinda mad though 
He's leaving on a jet plane 
he's not 
he's not answering. oh 
He's not awake.. 
he's not funny in any kind of way though 
He's not here 
Hes off 
He's off for camp for four days 
He's off to last game  and we are off to nations! Yummy yummy!
he's ok dw but i think he's not  http://plurk.com/p/wybsv
he's outta the ofc til Monday ::GRAND:: kinda bummed me out but b/c I was genuinely sick there's nuthin I can do about it  --&gt;
He's over    Russel Brand is next
hes pathetic , lying about going out with me  oooh please ?
He's really saying goodbye... for real.... 
He's so happy and he makes it look smooth. To Grazin in the Grass. It kinda makes me want to electric slide.  I think it's time to leave.
he's so sweet. not going out with his friends to sort out things with me. I don't think it's gonna work out though. Too much has happened 
He's still not online 
He's the reason for the TEARDROPS ON MY GUITAR, the only one who's got enough of me to break my heart. 
he's too hot to be gayy 
He's very impolite.  &lt;'3
Hey  @gilbirmingham! Great to see you on here  You looking forward to ET2 in the UK? Wish I could be there  x x
hey -- how come no one's online? 
Hey - Hunch just told me I should be using viewzi.com for searching the net!!! Spezify was there too....am I too image conscious?? 
Hey ! @Matcutts is following me ! But it's a fake  @mattcutts
hey ! Gettin' ready for a training session of rock climbing... With my fear of heights, i'll have great time for sure !  ...!
Hey #backlon Were you kidding about how sharp it is?  I can't tell   (backlon live &gt; http://ustre.am/3hWn)
Hey #crowthg A repeat of yesterday. I see only 3 cygnets left.    (Swans Nesting live &gt; http://ustre.am/2LCR)
Hey #DisneyRecords byeeeeeee!!!    (DisneyRecords live &gt; http://ustre.am/3non)
Hey #HollywoodRcds when is a live chat with selena or miley?? i missed demi's  pls answer   (HollywoodRcds live &gt; http://ustre.am/2us4)
Hey #Phish Zero   (PhishTube Broadcast live &gt; http://ustre.am/2j0r)
Hey #r_city my sound is broke i wish i could hear u  Do work!!!  (R City presents...&quot;Right About NOW!' live &gt; http://ustre.am/2Lp6)
Hey #SPlogin @ecs_dave: connect speed should be OK, RAM may be low.   (sp018A564p.q2201 live &gt; http://ustre.am/1iPK)
Hey #SPlogin no feed   (sp018A564p.q2201 live &gt; http://ustre.am/1iPK)
Hey #SPlogin System is getting jumpy again!   (sp018A564p.q2201 live &gt; http://ustre.am/1iPK)
Hey #veramundo I signed up for an account and it won't let me login to ustream atm   (Veramundo live &gt; http://ustre.am/3pSK)
hey , @LITTLEWINDMILL !! cute picture, i like the colors. =p~ are you back ? 
Hey -.- twitter is cheating on me 
Hey @alohabruce I was just streaming and who did I find... just missed you at geek meet   (hawaii-vacations live &gt; http://ustre.am/2fWC)
Hey @alyankovic Are you going to Portland OR on your next tour? you snubbed us last time   (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
Hey @alyankovic will you sing me a goodnight song? It's 2:57 AM out here and I can't sleep   (#WeirdAl live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nDH)
Hey @amandapalmer hmmm... what was in the package.. i cant hear all items   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
Hey @amandapalmer I wish I could be your friend   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
Hey @Andreaschoice sorry about that ass jersey...   (Andrea_TV live &gt; http://ustre.am/3iCC)
Hey @ashleegoodman ru gonna post the new jonas episode? like no one has it   (Your Source To JONAS' Live Chat live &gt; http://ustre.am/3dpp)
Hey @bowwow614 UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! We want to see the t.v. damn it!   (officialbowwow live &gt; http://ustre.am/3gi1)
Hey @bowwow614 wtffff, why it keep freezing ?   (officialbowwow live &gt; http://ustre.am/3gi1)
Hey @deangeloredman I want a Baconator.   (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
hey @DJTracyYoung why aren't you playing at GayDays this year?  every year i know Tracy's night will be the best night.
Hey @donnieklang i dnt think he will say happy bday to me   (donnieklang live &gt; http://ustre.am/3ihw)
Hey @fhnixon thanks for tellin me just a second on takin a pic with me and then never commin back 
Hey @ginoandfran my cry song. hmmmmm....I  just don't love you no more.   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran my ultimate cry song is Butterfly Kisses. makes me miss my dad more.   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @hawkcam great article in the paper.... i sure do miss our family though   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @hawkcam Has anyone seen a parent ?  Havent seen one since early yesterday.   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @hawkcam off on her own.He will safely relocate her, but she won't come back to this nest   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @hawkcam poor thing   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @iambolaji go get @negrita_linda out the rain she's getting wet 
Hey @IamSpectacular  y is ma ustream sooo slow??   (Spectacular Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/3m2D)
Hey @iwearyourshirt Hey, I'm late today   (iwearyourshirt live &gt; http://ustre.am/1GEt)
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfb PLEAS MAKE ANOTHER DATE FOR MONTERREY!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEAS 
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfbCan you do the live chat earlier? I can't be there, because it's at night then 
Hey @jonasbrothers CAN YOU GUYS SHOW THE BOTTOM OF YOUR FEET? IF YOU DON'T I'LL BE SO DISSAPOINTED  ATT. YOUR BIGGEST FAN #jonasliveonfb
Hey @jonasbrothers I am spamming with quiestions for the live chat, I want you to notice me  #jonaslive
Hey @jonasbrothers u never answered my questions last time  anyway joe what was ur first kiss like? I never had one yet #jonasliveonfb
Hey @jonasbrothers why you are not coming to Israel in the world tour?? 
hey @kimwalbridge I think you get the dividend regardless what retailer you choose... lucky tho, we get nada in SI  (@powershop)
Hey @MGChilslett ! Why no coming to NZ on your next tour? Thats not cool  please do come over we would love you even more for it!! :]
HEY @mileycyrus @ddlovato @perezhilton @therealtiffany @lucyyhale @thedebbyryan How are u  I love u babys im a big fann â™¥
Hey @Mishgoddess It's not letting me into the chat   (MishGoddess live &gt; http://ustre.am/3r78)
Hey @misspthev I got kicked out the room for some reason!   (ParistheVixen_1 live &gt; http://ustre.am/3r6j)
Hey @mrsday26 u r too geogeous. i cant watch u anymore. bye bae'.   (Fee417 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2O0y)
Hey @nerdcorepodcast  el sillon ya no Postea   (Nerdcore Podcast live &gt; http://ustre.am/2fZh)
Hey @officialtila !!!!I LOVE CHEESECAKE  I WANT A SOME!  (#TilaTequilaLive live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
Hey @officialTila , what is the number again to get text, when you leave messages, for some reason it is not working for me 
Hey @officialtila and again the chat doesnt work for me   (I LOVE TILA TEQUILA @OfficialTila live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
Hey @officialtila BYEEEEEEE   (I LOVE TILA TEQUILA @OfficialTila live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
Hey @officialtila i has to sleep now  good nite beautiful tila  (I LOVE TILA TEQUILA @OfficialTila live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
Hey @officialtila I should win im IN the army.  Im hating on nick  (I LOVE TILA TEQUILA @OfficialTila live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
Hey @otepofficial I can't hear anything   (otep-official live &gt; http://ustre.am/CyJ)
Hey @primeirona89fm comeeeeeÃ§a   (show89 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2XNJ)
Hey @primeirona89fm travoooo   (show89 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2XNJ)
Hey @qd3  igot into it with my family over this shit to get it recorded.  now i cant  (QD3 Exclusives live &gt; http://ustre.am/3w9p)
Hey @robluketic   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Hey @robluketic besos besos for everybody hehe  where are you ashtonn  (the set of Five Killers live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Hey @robluketic he's in the way   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Hey @robluketic your iPhone's frozen   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Hey @Scrabb... when are we moving to LA????? Its freaking nippy in the office 
Hey @SeanKingston I gotta go now  Byee, lov yaa!!! Keep doing what ya do boy!  (SEANKINGSTONTV live &gt; http://ustre.am/2ODN)
Hey @sexxyblackinese i hate him   (SexXyBlackinese live &gt; http://ustre.am/3yvx)
hey @sharonw82. brought my friends to Inked this afternoon. Nice place. they didnt get anything though. 
Hey @shermanhu I watched a previous broadcast &amp; paused it, but it returned to beginning   (ShermanLive live &gt; http://ustre.am/dgY)
Hey @sixxjohn ok so i can NOT access the chat.   (sixxjohn live &gt; http://ustre.am/3pUR)
Hey @songzyuuup damn where's that at?!! I wanna come!   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @songzyuuup i cant get on it and i wish i could   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @songzyuuup not fair drakes not there   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @souljaboytellem awwwwww  bye soulja boy!!! love you!!!!!!  (souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem i cant hear anything   (#souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem Whats your E-mail??? I dont feel the love either   (souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @SteveKanter 5 hours was just to short  lol oh well mabey ill catch the next one  (Peel a Meal Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/j5)
Hey @teamdemi_lovato awww  i got to go say bye to me hehe TOODLES  (TeamDemi_Lovato live &gt; http://ustre.am/3cyC)
Hey @theiphoneblog I gotz no audio on the live stream   (iphonelive live &gt; http://ustre.am/1ls1)
Hey @twisource dam ill be at school  hope it goes well... dam being in auz  (Imprint LIVE! live &gt; http://ustre.am/14PY)
Hey @twisource I wanted it to be pink    (Imprint LIVE! live &gt; http://ustre.am/14PY)
Hey @wilw, I just noticed: why do you look kind of worried in your Twitter avatar?  Does it come from a larger picture?
Hey @x17online i need kristen stewart   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online i wanna be there   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online kristen wont be there   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online we got really loud screaming guy on the right   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online WHERE IS VANESSA HUDGENS??   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @zunited See ya man. Good byes are never good   (Zunited live &gt; http://ustre.am/3gjg)
Hey a great recharge chilling with my folks but I am still melancholy .....dang i will never get over my pops being gone dang!  
hey again been at camp... all day!! funness!! gtg 
Hey all the world, in the world of hollywodd are people and they are very bad so take care.... 
hey all! i know its been a min. got the new sprint phone n i think i like my old palm betta 
Hey all. So yeah. I really miss Dayton. I haven't seen him in 10 days. It's killing me inside. 
Hey Anabelle! @anabelinigo i miss you  haha, i followed you. 
hey anyone know how i can get the City Penthouse's furniture on my US account too i have the penthouse but no furniture 
Hey anyone tell me that today how I complete 1000 Followers?? Now I have 952  I m stuck now. please Reply.
hey anyone wanna get me a USB-TTL usb cable? they are all expensive 
Hey babies! I had a loooooong day today so its bed early for me.   goodnite and say your prayers!! Luv ya BESOS...
Hey baby why you treat me bad hey darlin you know you make me sad.  so sad.
Hey Bitches.  Haven't been on During the show  SORRY 
Hey change of plans everyone. No party this week.  my mom is all stressed. Well reschedule.
Hey Chris what going on!! so sad about Adam Cook 
Hey Christian. Got the iPhone. Yeah. Now just waiting for Activation. Been an hour already. 
Hey cleary fuck you 
hey dad. i love u!   .. i'm going to kill u!  ..  you arrived so late and i was so concerned 
HEY DEAR, I WANT RAGUSA ICE CREAM !!  changed status. im bored ! 
hey dont you feel sometimes like people doesnt notice ONLY you? i mean they notice everybody but not you.. 
hey dude i hate twitter 
HEY DUUUUDES, watching Anger Management, isnt as good as i thought it would be 
Hey Eric (@ekillianva)!!! So good to see you on here although you're following me, but haven't approved me yet! 
Hey every1 
hey everybody im baaaack, who said 'have you been away'  
Hey everybody! TWEET ME!!! Nobody really Tweeted me yesterday 
Hey everyone 
hey everyone i got new sunglasses! @Twilightluv4ev awww! i am sorry natalie 
hey everyone I m boring 
hey everyone in the us, watch dollhouse. be grateful that you get to watch it while we poor deprived australians must wait for the dvd 
hey everyone its a rainy day again 
hey everyone just got off work glad to be home after getting poured on for 6 hours 
hey everyone my twitters messed up 
hey everyone send good vibes for ralph&amp; marcella that the villa valenti pub is back up &amp; running soon. can't imagine what they're feeling 
Hey everyone! Help us to get a reply from @DavidArchie. 
hey everyone! i'm a loser 
hey everyone! It's been a long couple of days, but glad to be watching the #redsox again.  Not happy right now, but look who's pitching 
Hey everyone, I'm going to stream open mic night tonight from &quot;priscos next door&quot;  Show starts @ 7pm - no one here yet 
hey everyone. feelin miserable and lost without a coven. dis relli sux 
Hey everyone. My net has been down all day. But don't you worry. Nothing too interesting happened to me today  In fact, I am kinda bored.
hey evry1.im not gonna be on twitter fr a bit so dont worry i will try and come and stuff and i regret missing mitchel musso's contest 
Hey Facebook! Only show Dutch &amp; English applications in my news feed please! Stop the Polish, Italian, Bulgarian &amp; Turkish apps! 
Hey fam..horrible weather in tn! Tornados....horrible hailstorms and outrageous thunder..my fam's ok but poles r down n no internet 
Hey Fee.. He fooked his ankle playing footie y'day  and will be in an air cast tonight..
Hey fellow Tweeters. Hope you're all well! Gonna be a lack of tweets today..work at 4 til very late 
Hey friends going to #LSOW I regret to say I can't come.  Have to let the wave pass me by this time.  Sad, but time home is precious 
Hey friends my blackberrry is dunzo. Still n LA. Won't have new phone tilll monday !  I have bbm an twitter withdrawls.
hey friends.....  just checking in. another rainy crappy day in the poconos 
hey garskin gue mn?gk nympe2 
hey girls i have to go... here it's 1:17Am ... 
hey guess what! sunburns hurt 
hey guys can some 1 add me please i need some friends 
Hey guys getting freaked out about swine flu   LA is pretty near Mexico .... 
Hey Guys havnt been on here in ages! wow! lol exams this week! they arent going well!  o well lets hope i do well! 
hey guys i need to know bout the national festivals of Canada,Sweden and Singapore...any help available with the links?? pppllleeeassse! 
Hey guys I'm just back from school LOL I'm tired 
hey guys just figured out i'm going  to london instead of germany. Sorry! 
hey guys wassup? was busy in many thngs dis days 
Hey Guys! check out our youtube channel for regular updates!.. and spread around our twitter! we want fans too 
hey guys! haven't been opening my twitter for a while... Busy in school 
Hey guys! I'm so bored, I've been sick for like 2 weeks 
Hey guys! I'm up preparing for my new tour! I'm so excited, but I have to wake up early.  Follow me!
hey guys! today is super nice out sunny and 80 here in lovely wisconsin...but im sick so i can't enjoy it  how is everyone elses day?
hey guys, another beautiful day here, why are the beast days always during exams? Examiners are cruel 
hey guys, how are england doing. i would watch it but i don't have sky 
hey guys, i just went out looking for my kitty who went missing after a fight with my neighbours cat,......... didnt find him 
hey guys, i'm looking for my 2 friends, Sarah Bailey or fadeingout_starr and Heather Lasco i dont know her account name, i cant find them 
Hey guys, my m8 has taken drugs and he was reli scarey in the park...i wanted to hug him  he fancies me 2,what to do? x
hey guys, please write to me i am so bored of writing this drama essay 
Hey Guys. do you know that sometimes that  in MSN someone sends a MSG and a Link to a Virus? My Mom got one and she installed it 
Hey guys. I'm up. Not cool. I want to sleep.  i'm definitely looking forward to my nap...
Hey guys. Just had a well long bath lol. Is anyone elses MSN playing up? 
Hey guys... If you get a random BBM request from me, sorry  I had to switch out my blackberry
hey guys...just jumped on to check my replies and stuff... very busy with school.. concentration came back...YAY!!! 3 days before exams 
hey hey anybody help me change the colour of my twitter I don't know howww... 
Hey hey de e inte okey.. 
Hey hey long time no write I just got home been out it wasss great!!! I miss lean but it's just not the same  I'm out night
hey hey twitterers...lol im back from Great Wolf Lodge but im moving in with my dad soon so im gonna have to leave again... 
Hey hey....what a saturday. I'm going to work. 
Hey hi Ci just dropping in before working out  usually I don't mind but its soooo hot phew!! nice cold shower to look forward to though
hey holly. when you get htis im sorry im not hilarious like your other best friend.     i guess i lost my touch. :'(
Hey hope everyone has a great weekend!!! I have to work sat. 
Hey hunny's , gutted i missed @rustyrockets last nyt  hope evry1s havin a nice day in the sunshine..xxx
hey i am at home in bed but can not sleep 
hey i am still home with Kaitlyn and i am meant 2 be doin by homework but i feel 2 sick2 do anything 
Hey I going swiming today , I am the biggest Katie Price Fan and so sad they split up 
hey i had to change my panel&amp; now my phone is stuck for a week in the mobile store  really it sucks.i had hoped for it to come back soon
Hey i havent been on in a super long while, i think i like facebook and myspace a little more...   ;-(
HEY I NEED 3MORE FOR 100 come on 
hey i thought i'd get lucky and get to talk to two amazing people today but i guess not. 
hey i was asked out by this gurl and i broke up wit her like 1 minute l8r and i feel really badddddd 
Hey I'm back had some problems for the past 3 days  so hopefuly it is fixed
hey im back on.. but msn won't work  darn msn haha. can't stop thinking about 3d movie haha!
Hey im new to this  do you just follow people???
Hey I'm not getting my hair cut here if the fucking stylist is a white trash rocking a mullet!! 
hey its l!! chillen with C. today was my last finals!!! faild  yay. wut evr. gonna make a video soon just needing some ideas
Hey Jamez! y won't u answer me!!!!!  I'm going 2 camp this mon. 4 a week therfore i won't b back until sat. I'll miss u!!!!!
hey jojo let me know how the fiesta goesK? Unkle Joe has to work all weekend. 
hey Jst wanna say cudnt make ur concert cuz my 3.5 yr old dog died  i guess u know how i feel. i miss him so much @Pink
hey just finished watching a movie..not that good  
Hey just got back from the dells and im so tired  well i still love hozia and brain!!!! LOL!!!!
hey just missin my friends! 
hey just watched eastenders ohh so sad  x
Hey Keeeeely, is it?! You're the only one following me  So this is for you: Hi
hey kitchen!! why canÂ´t we be friends!?    http://twitpic.com/7l16l â™« http://blip.fm/~8cq9b
Hey len, we're trying to start kevin's truck and it's late already  don't think we can make it to onyx... But promise we were toasting ...
Hey Lissy, i am overheating and I have HUGE FAT ankles   12 weeks to go...!  How are you??x
Hey little schoolgirl @Maximilus you're beyond help  Hey @3cb how you be? Been around myself but keeping it lo-key 
Hey local cinemas, where is UP and Ice Age 3? I wanna seeeeee 
Hey London, I was here, but you weren't.    I'll try back later.
hey look, it's my phone!! oh, i love you and i'm so sorry i ever lost you  please forgive me for putting a billion heavy books on yaa. :L
hey megavideo, you should work.  i wanna watch sixfeetunder!  sweet saturday. @rjlindquist, i'm only about to finish season one.  
Hey Mike...did you decide you didn't like Twitter?   
Hey Mon! Gotta go to work!!! But I'm stuck on the 401.  This might take a while... http://yfrog.com/0v7fmj #traffic
HEY MY FELLOW TWEETERS, IT'S EARLY SUNDAY MORNING, I'M @ WORK, N MISSIN MY BOO 
Hey my twitterfam. Lunch was delicious. I'm getting progressively worse though, so I sent my co-worker to get me some Day Quil 
Hey Opera, what are you doing to my pictures 
hey people what up just got back i got my eye brows down WAXING hearts WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH that realy heart 
Hey peoples...I am working on homework  Sucks but it will be worth it in the end, I AM A PHOENIX!!!!
hey ppl im soo bored  trace cyrus is awesome
hey ppl today was the Jobro live chat and again they didnt answer any of my Q..  i'm so sad but still love them
Hey ramiele the facebook thing there isn't one with ur twitter pic!!!!! Ahhhhhh!!!!!!    
hey remember sock em' boppers??? I used 2 beg my mom to buy me n my brother a pair so we kud box but she never did 
hey seo peeps how do i get rid of old linked in profile that appears when i search me? its not current and bringing me down. 
Hey should have known 3 followers = cam spam 
Hey Sister, what are you doing? I donÂ´t wanna go home tomorrow 
hey someone talk tome 
Hey sorry girl that I sneezed on... You just got the swine. 
Hey Station lodge has a new website! Check it out, www.stationlodge.co.nz It is a very cold day in ohakune and no views of Mt Ruapehu 
hey stephen, i miss you and your undershirt  and your oh-so kewl shoes
Hey Sweet Tato &amp; Kidz..2 hairles grls r nuts..2 b/w girls are grt...Siamese (rat) and b/w r swt..getting 3 girls on 6/21.  No new geckos 
Hey thanks everyone for all the Tweets over last few days. Not had chance to reply as much as usual as not much time on Twitter recently 
Hey this is new to me - donno what to do!!  I am at work too 
hey trish, i have my camera but dad changed his mind and i can only use it tonight and then its put away until my birthday 
Hey tweeople I'm here and drenched because I thought my umbrella was in my bag. 
Hey Tweeps!  What are cool ways you've recorded personal family stories for posterity? It seems my only living grandparent may be fading 
hey tweeps, i just realized that i think i'm sick!!!!!! NO, i don't wanna be sick. but my throath is hurting and my body is too 
Hey Tweet fam I know I was gone 4 a few days but Im sure no1 missed me 
@halamazin Awww ya36eech il3aaafya!! Heheh have fun :* laish on a Saturday?? 
@halamazin EMBALAAA, he already  has someone  bs galy he can meet up with us
@HalaTaha yes we willlll!!!!  wish I didn't have class so I could go
@halcyondaze6 it looks like they are purposely delaying your delivery..  Damn UPS.. Apple used to ship Fedex from China... its way better
@hales_ i hope you like my hummer n dnt think its shitty 
@halespaleales whhhaaattt?  you've got hugs and shoulders over here, darling.
@Haley_Woods wow i can't believe you didn't take me  lol jks, im not even going to be home when you get home :'(
@haleybabiee when are you going on vacation again so i know when to start crying that your not bringing me 
@HaleyBangs YEEEES   but i'm in school 
@haleybennett7 Are you going to do another chat anytime soon? I missed the last one. 
@haleycrain I'm up and on Twitter at four AM in D.C.... I think I have a problem. 
@HaleyDanyell skype with me ho! i miss you 
@haleydee that is so sad.  
@haleyheim It's not gonna work on your Macbook dude. 
@HaleyHolmesss oh I have work @5 
@haleyhurricane sparks? Jealous. 
@haleyjaycha thats good to hear bestie! Reality always bites aye 
@HaleyKaren where do you work? I've been in Chicago all week interviewing! Wish we coulda grabbed a bite to eat!  http://myloc.me/42AW
@haleymc But where! 
@HaleyRobyn i can't be there till 7ish 
@haleywhosmiles dont get shot! 
@haleyxfax ME EITHER! i was like o.O and getting pissy cause i missed like the best part.  AND THANKS.&lt;3
@haleyymae i know...i thought he'd get something for spilling the beans... but he was a murderer. 
@half_engraved  Sorry you're not going anymore dude   I'm sure people do want to hang out with you, just maybe when you don't have SARS :p
@half_jack_doll aww, baby  someone lied to you...
@half_korean I KNOW!! i was rooting for a happy ending  
@halfgoon I paid $350 for 1st Gen 4gb Nano. 
@halfjack08 aww man. i dont have this shit on my fone. such a bummer that wuda been pretty much like texting.  rats
@halfjack08 miss ya too dude  my nose is running....
@halfriican ugh i know i only keep thinking only like 4 more days and it's all over. i really should start studying for chem though 
@halfwelshdragon such a shame 
@HalifaxRealtor Wow, that must be something new because when I took my sommelier course in Hfx that was my fav for lunch.  Too bad 
@halina1979 what sun?  
@hallfox5 Couldnt travel. I stayed home for 5 wks. 
@Halliwellicious  I know but...( i love my hair
@Halliwellicious perche? 
@Halliwellicious Yup, it is  Anyway I tried to record it, I'll check later how it turned out.. *fingers crossed*
@halloosh93 Noway ( I don't wanna have Arabic lesson today  I wanted to see Depp's movie so bad 
@hallowed_ground Sadly, that was on our agenda but we didn't get to it.  We also didn't make it to the Roadhouse. Never enough time!
@HalloweenBaby Whaaaaaaaat... will you only love me one more time  *LOL*
@hallublin @Connie_tebyani no flash on the iPhone 
@hallucinated no! :O  what am i missing? 
@HallyMk1 you lucky thing. i got england in our library sweepstake  rubbish #t20
@Halo3prf: So.. you dont trust me? 
@halo7522 you didnt add me on myspace 
@halo887 Yes, deleted. Tell the fourmers sorry, but I don't think I will be able to give away any more tickets because, well..I'm deleted 
@halogoggles boo. $300 meet and greet is closed. should have realized the option earlier. maybe next time... oh, wait.... 
@halophoenix nope.  worst thing is i don't know how to prevent it really.. 
@halr9000 I'm also experiencing problems running the VIC on my Win7 x64 install. 
@Hals7747 rofl. I HEARD ABOUT SAUCY. 
@HalSparks I think the compass is only on the new phone coming out. 
@hamelinlive awww...I heard it was getting cancelled.  
@Hamface The gamerscore is vital! Especially with my pathetic 10k! I'm letting the brits down 
@hamfy1 It sucks  But it's so nice to have friends who really understand it! Hope you have a great night!!!
@hamiltonhadwin  It was for the better.  You will now have a happier &amp; trusting marriage ahead of you.
@Hamish_Clark I missed it completely  heard it was a good watch
@hamish1981 http://twitpic.com/7j36s - I see nothing but a strange blue bubbly pattern. 
@hamish1981 I feel very, very sorry for you that u cant see these  especially with ur love of magic.. just not fair hey!
@hamishandandy my pc is busted, can't pod-cast the show! Very sad!  will u be on rove sunday?
@hammbh yeah i know  but like i said i want to be able to say i 100% did it, and sell them.
@hammedsirleaf lol hopefuly that well work, no matter what i do i can't fall asleep 
@Hammer023 aw   its almost aug i guess. ha
@HAMMER32 hahaha why are you lying to me again  @androidtomato would never say such things. She's so innocent. 
@HAMMER32 i think bcos it ruined my hair on friday nite, iv been distraught by the rain all weekend 
@Hammer817 agreed! what site are you watching? universal sports? my feed is choppy must be the computer 
@Hammerette_ I was watching it on Justin.tv, but as I was copying and pasting the link the feed went down and now I cant find another 
@Hammerette_ Yeah .. I was going to go Roman road but it closes early 
@hamster_grrl  not allowed!
@hamsterwatch well thats not nice that he blocked ya  lol good to see ya tweeting again tho!
@hamxas nt gonna c VJ or his wedding this time..gonna b tied up in the show 
@hamyams you never came 
@hanaabanana  At least they had the decency to email you i guess.
@hanaabanana  that sucks! Has @jonathanrknight cheered you up at all?
@hanaabanana Aww really? That'll be good! I just wish we could all go ourselves 
@hanaabanana I know  Wish he would have stayed too. Not too sure, the doc said they wouldnt know cos they've never seen a case of it
@hanaabanana I know, gotta focus on that (we're ï¿½200 overdrawn)  x
@hanaabanana You see why i don't like it?  Oh yes lol. James McAvoy is sooo nice!
@hanaames because it's expensive and i don't want to? 
@hanaames But he was funny, intelligent, handsome. I must be gay, surely. But then I just wish he'd given me time  Maybe I'm just gay ha.
@hanaames losing  mannnnnn.
@hanaames Yeh  But work sucks and stresses me out.
@hanabana09 Mhm.  We need to hang soon.
@hanabobana now you know why we moved  have a great show tonight. miss you and your face
@Hanadi7994 No no no. He CAN'TT. ACK. I LOVE how his hair has been looking lately. 
@hanaefaith: its not the same as sorabal! 
@hanajess maybe my phone is just a piece of crap haha. I miss my beat. 
@hanajibu I feel your pain 
@hanalita cool, ill probably rabble about it next week. It's the same week as Glasto so all my housemates are gonna be away 
@hanamaha I knew it! Sam &amp; Poh... Could just tell. That's so sad.. 
@hanashiki: Em cÅ©ng muá»‘n nháº­n quÃ   Em cÅ©ng lÃ  thiáº¿u nhi mÃ  
@HanaStephenson more then it will ruin the story  srry
@hanbanjo  hannah the US misses you. I miss youuu! when you get back, you, me, aj, and sam boyd are souping it once more&lt;3
@handbagpets yes he was 
@HandC_Fans Aw boo  Maybe he was over-tweeted.. or maybe he did watch and was so shocked he couldnt reply, speechless like us LOL!
@HandC_Fans matthew horne had sex with my nan... Not a lie... Unfortunatly 
@handcircus it's the morning of June 20th and it's not some ridiculous hour here and the new Rolando 2 video isn't up! 
@handfulofrubies I guess it doesn't matter now then... 
@handholds okay, I'll be here!  ily!  ~I totally just tweeted this without the '@handholds' haha 
@handlewithcare Awww mate. that's such a shitter 
@handlewithcare that makes me feel sick 
@handmadeinpa Hopefully it will show up.  I heard it bounce, but I didn't see where.  
@handshakedrugs oy vey  I'll be home soon
@handsomeharvey So what are u going to do about ur problem? It is a fairly difficult problem. 
@HandsUpPunk08 .... Need fewer hours...more pay!  ;)  That's what I'm going to ask for!  Actually I'm tired of working at home w/no pay. 
@handymanny noooo  wah! you just dont get it lol. im listening to the spice girls. i miss them xo lol.
@hanekomu @Skillster It won't stop doing it, and I can't login. No facebook for me today 
@hangloose03  I WISH I COULD. i wont be home til 3 my time!  i'm sorry when r u going to bed?
@hangloose03 NOOOOOOO...! I'm dieingggg over hereeee.     okay.. but dont take to long.
@hangloose03 oh no  haha i only have 2 weeks left until summer syarts! hee hee. but ya, right now im in science. no fun :-/
@hangontomato I had the same thing happen tonight.    Feel better!
@hanifn It sucks when you're trying to create a system in a semester when SINGAPORE is doing the same for much longer. 
@Hanishi: I'm sure you don't need to crash diet!  I tell this to people often, but no one listens! =O Glad you enjoyed your Chinese. 
@hanjeehyun also there's a lot of rain on this gay paree 
@hank1914 Hey, that link didn't work for me 
@hankatplayer Bert sucks for only having one show 
@hankerific I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@hanloveyoon i am sad that you're gone 
@Hannaaaa my inbox is empty  i dont see any msgssss. send it again!
@hannafbaby how was it? im stuck in alabama 4 school so I wasn't able to go! 
@hannah_wong holy cow  you ok?
@hannah092 that films cool so why didnt you make it last night 
@hannah106  i lvoe them last time  in Newport even thought danny couldn't say newport:L
@hannah894  but i'm sitting right next to you.
@HannaHassan you didn't invite me  how dare you hanna!  HAHA
@HANNAHBANANA25 Damn hannah you're so lucky... I'm totally jealous 
@hannahbanana789 Heyy I wish, I'm in Virginia visiting my granparents until the 15th.  lol. I wanna see the playing wiffle ball.
@hannahbanannax Thanks but there is an alternative kiss on the BBC site and I can't watch from here booo 
@hannahbastow seriouslyyyyyyyyy! omg moonpig.com! her card is gonna suck 
@HannahBeeeee not even after smoking for 3 day would I tap that ! ha. Ahh today was hot and I worked way to much  Twitter is being GAY !!!
@hannahbert ah, shucks...wish i was with ya gals 
@hannahbrass gah idk if ill even be able to go now my parents hate me 
@hannahcollinsx Noo  I cant do triginometery. I dont really care anyore though haha. You physically can't do bad in cspe. You going 12th?
@hannahfenton back to spain 
@HannahFiederer: I fucking miss you, too 
@hannahgturner yeah that's not so bad but enough to goof up making plans 
@HannahGx hannnah i dont understand this  was that a reply to the ok mag thing? haha ooh why is there some gay letter limit.. 12, 8! ahh x
@hannahhhp i dont want to work either 
@HannahHindi i watched it last night... absolutely BRILLIANT... spectacular job!!! i don't have any way to record my reaction, though 
@HannahHindi yes the poor !  hope you're well all the same ^^ i'll keep prey for him don't worry ;) (yn) &lt;3
@HannahHylen: I'm SO jealous. I have to wait until the 28th of July in STL! 
@hannahjarin29 Apparently, their thesis was also their project at work so it was easy for them to finish it. But for me... 
@hannahkin Why exactly are your parent mad at you?  Do they know about last weekend?
@hannahkirch ugh i guess 
@HannahLionQueen Nah, I guess I just won't download it. Takes too long, my laptop has buggered itself up 
@HannahLouWalker Ahh you lucky thing! I havent seen my family for ages  Its my leaving do on thursday week...
@hannahlove143 Me too!!  They were sooo nice.
@hannahlovesa7x =o excuse me hannah hong how dare you... 
@Hannahlp can we go and see BrÃ¼no in London? It'll be out ages later in Australia prbs 
@hannahmahony i dont know  im gonna sit down with my parents tonight and discuss it. i think i made a mistake coming back here...
@hannahmcfly yesss I wanna come back asap but can't afford to 
@Hannahmeow  in 1.5 HOURS ILL OF BEEN UP 24 HOURS
@Hannahmeow oh thanks, I love you too  
@hannahnicklin Aw, sorry to hear that  And it seemed so full of life yesterday! Tbh the USB went on a friends WinMob phone. Hmmm :-\
@hannahnicklin I find it impossible to sleep past 8am. Sitting at train station now... 
@HannahP47 well for some reason I didn't get it until last night. That is still NOT an excuse! You should have called or texted me 
@HannahRempel umm apparently @heidimontag and @spencerpratt quit I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here! No point watching it now..  
@hannahreneesong haha I know! my broke ass had no gas and if I drove there and back I'd have to buy gas and have no $ to buy food 
@HannahRobertson Owwwww... Come back soon Hannah!  Melbourne will miss you!
@hannahrochelle That's my hand 
@hannahrose076 Ooooh...those do look good!  Feckin' diet! 
@HannahSheree, but not tonight cause I have to go to my old job in the morning and should really go to sleep soon. 
@hannahsix cream for his eye and he may have herpes - not ocular herpes, but a different strain.    He's doing okay though.
@hannahsix wtf is up wit the new crappy red eye set 
@HannahSukter anywayss to the point i am dying to spend my summer over there or somewhere hot with you guys 
@hannaht I watched another film with zach in last wkend, The Last Kiss, but found it boring though 
@HannahTroy i hate them days 
@hannahurquhart7 Haha, sorry!!! My bad  But, it'll be up on Youtube again like last time, so don't worry about missing it!
@hannahvictorius chick peas &lt; coco pops mystery choc. Except I don't have mystery choc right now, and I'm not allowed them on my fast 
@hannahvictorius good idea problem is I don't think I have one but I'm going do my v best to find thank you though 
@HannahxCx you are going without me!  im gonna miss ya!
@hannana never. it's either the red cross out to get my blood, or a telemarketer 
@hannarnia had a business meetin- on my way home now! It sucks cos its rainin n bare windy 
@hannarnia mmmm popcorn. i have now got a craving which can't be fulfilled tonight. ill? sorry to hear dude 
@HannaUmar babe, we can't reply fb comments here.. atu saja sucky  hehe.
@HannaUmar Gilaaa.. my 'parut' sakit from sitting too long!!  SAKITTT 
@hannday i know it was fun buying new stuff but the thought of going away...not so much 
@hannibalism i shall take comfort in the fact tt i'm reading a script abt saddam hussein's son. 
@HannieT I hate those letters  but I guess it's true, at least you got the letter!
@hannnaaaaa Haven't finished the season yet cause the stupid DVD keeps skipping 
@hannnnnaaahh ive gotta go to work after it  everyone will hit it :\  i always bruise of needles an me arm goes dead :\ haha
@hannnnnaaahh The montage and Whymewhynow/wordshaker are already on their, the quality is really bad 
@hannnnnnnah ever been to cardiff by the sea in SD? I lived there for a year when I was little. The beach was just a short walk away 
@hannnnnnnah WHAT! They did! No...  I wish I could go.
@hannnnnnnah ya we're hitting up six flags tomorrow. I'm so sad the show is over 
@hannybfirst @botse i Am GoWiNg ToO gEtT sOoOo BoOlEeD ... 
@hannykin there was once an idle friday blog, but i can't remember how to get there  not sure, i think during the school's fest.
@Hans_Karl Just a great day with the family....  didn't want it to end!!    And you?
@hanseebundee hi hansee. we just spents the day withs dad and we is super sad 
@hanseebundee i wish we could go together too! i just got back from the park and swam! i live in minneapolis, mn  not near california.
@HansenBanana no one was on facebook so now I'm reading webcomics and watching other people live interesting lives via twitter. 
@hansenwillgetu i may not see u this summer  out of money
@Hanslc did u . A message ? I got the request says ur offline 
@hansonmusic doesn't work 
@hansonmusic i wanna be in the studio! lol 
@hanspam http://twitpic.com/7m20c - Oh i love you all  wish i could of been there  can't wait for us to all go out so southport some ...
@HanSpam I can't  have to stay in with windows shut till it dies down
@HanSpam i'm so not watchin that now 
@Hanster7705 They always do it. They send out emails/texts to the actors, but never to the backstage people 
@hanstosti Yes not 301 redirecting from www. to non-www or vice versa can be a huge dublicate content generator 
@Hantastik my camera broke just before i tried to take a pic for the kris vid too.  
@hanv86 c? nhï¿½ ch? ?ang ?m 
@hanvnah it's more the days that i work and then rehearse; getting home at 11:30, the last thing i want to do is cook AND clean 
@hanwedge yay..  haha!
@hanwedge yup and I've rode my bike into a few parked cars too 
@hao_country my parents said I couldn't drop everything and go to another city (kl) to see a guy sing 4 songs 
@hapeeg It doesn't work with wifi at the moment 
@hapepy I think I left/dropped it in the lib bathroom 
@HappiForever @You_Decide I was thinking that it might be the bearings. No on the two footed driver here. Worried how much repair is. 
@HappiForever From there it actually rolled way downhill, but I've been rolling it back up these last many years.. oops! Oh, Sisyphus!! 
@HappiForever I don't live in Houston..the lat/long data that is now in my location field is way too close. 
@HappiForever Something is afoot..I feel it in the depth of my soul. It's not going away..changes are coming. Why must blood be shed 
@HappilyBarefoot I can't stop thinking about her.  
@happilybarefoot no @ the movies......bad feeling in my stomach now....would appreciate if u would fill me in! 
@Happy_Dais Oh yum! Not had one of them in YEARS. Now I'm hungry 
@happyahma - welcome back! Sorry to hear about the ants. 
@HappyCassie I don't know, I just don't know! 
@HappyCassie I know right? 
@HappyCassie LOLOL very true actually. i wish there was a site for canada to see a map of sex offenders, but there isn't 
@HappyCassie Of course, just from text 
@HappyCassie whether it would be out of love or not, it would still be you smacking me, which would make me sad 
@happychaos444 write my paper for me and i'll be done sooner! hahah i want to be done too  almost!
@happycodemonkey you aren't receiving my IMs 
@HappyCrashFAIL I don't envy you at all working nights. It must be extra depressing when the sun is out. 
@HappyGaper  I loved the video! It was so cool. I can't ski, snowboard, or any  of that other shit. It doesn't snow here. 
@HappyHippyMum omg, that could put you off dogs 
@HappyHourSue it ended mine when I saw d video 
@HappyHousewife  oh no 
@HappyHousewife  we have NOTHING here  can't get free ice cream or free rootbeer floats or free donuts!!!
@HappyHousewife @fivejs hasn't been speaking to me today. I'm beginning to think she's mad at me. 
@HappyHousewife I see that kinda stuff all day long cashiering at Walmart. 
@happylilcloud I know your pain; the Muppet Babies can't be released on dvd because of all the movie footage they used 
@happylovesChuck aww, why not?! 
@happylovesChuck Hi! I'm reading all the crazy talk of this morning, that's why I hadn't said hello yet. Besides, I have to study later 
@happylovesChuck No... I was kidding.  But I hurt my lips too many times. 
@happylovesChuck the downfall of being the youngest. 
@happymeals I have no idea.  ask @ohemgeematt
@happymeals4life LOLOL i don't mean to make you jealous &lt;3 i would soooo take you!!! cause none of my friends like them 
@happymonkeyshoe think i remember a toy store in the uk going down. bugger 
@happymrlocust you never baked me a pie! Such shocking favouritism 
@happyoctopus i hope it's better now, will wait til you get home 
@happysammy wow! i have no idea what to get for my dad for Father's Day 
@happyseaurchin was probably my fault and they were cheap anyway.Trying to construct a hasty redirect page 
@happysponge sadly no.  listen to magic. They said that the Davids have arrived on the station
@happytoaster Sigh...I know.  And it's supposed to be 102 tomorrow.  
@happytrees I've been feeling like shit lately.  It's doubtful I'll see you this weekend siince I'm not feeling any better. 
@HappyTwilighter pretty shiny! I like! of course with iPhone I can't use those  A friend gave me one that's a clarinet (I play clarinet)
@HARAJUKU_JUICY omg im so tired i kant goo 
@Harajukulvr_Liz I heard it was a 4 somethin.. I remember that feelin tho 
@harajukusubway I don't think so b'cause I don't know anyone and I'm shy. 
@Harasambato We all get too complacent at the last fence.  
@haraya just started reading the article, but i'd just like to say, i wish we had good public libraries. 
@hardaway Oh. God. 
@Hardcore4 Damn Frat - that's too bad...  Should be a good show (at least I'm hoping so) esp. since it's in BK...
@hardeepdeepdeep How come your not doing a book signing in glasgow ? thats not fair! 
@hardeepdeepdeep Nooooooooooooooo! why is there no book signings in glasgow ?! 
@hardhatgirl 
@hardik i know man...but ethics and all 
@hardik that's one of the downsides of my job. no stock dealing shealing allowed!!! 
@hardparade HE HAS A NEW FIC? UGH, WHY DO I NOT KNOW THESE THINGS? I need to check my flist more regularly 
@hardrockchick super but I caught a cold on the plane.  not as far forward in line as I'd like, but the extra sleep was dearly needed.
@hardstyler24  i can;t go shuffle today srry 
@Hardsy damn!  ...it was edible after all then lol
@hardtosayone if you ever wrote back to my last message i never got it. 
@hardtosayone like that i lose out? i buy for u the snickers bar before. 
@Hardygirlchelle oh girl hope you're feeling better now  I so wish I could be there...
@hardylove158 he smiled at me in april and gave me the peace sign and i nearly passed out!!! but ive never spoken to him 
@hardylove158 Not really.  Sore throat and stuff.
@HardyShowsYuk and @HurricaneHems -- you all near $3 a gallon yet? It's the pits!  Summer will probably see $4, ooooff. $70 for Xterra 
@HardyShowsYuk aw crap.............that's not good...............im in va and NO ONE will take me  im the only one that watches now
@HardyShowsYuk awww 
@HardyShowsYuk thanks Yuk , we westcoast yukkies can't wait !! My son n I r counting down, Go Matt &amp; Jeff..where's Beth  ?
@Hareesun Yeh, because of the antenna 
@Hargiteam_42 haha yeah well I should be working on my fic too but my muse is having a moment  So where can i read you fic/s link plz =D
@harini_rkd He earns Rs 8 LAKHS per month 
@harish nope, not coming to india anytime soon 
@Harishk Naaaah ... no chance of that today.. have a lot of work to do 
@HariSian  I do... But i have not been to the Libary since I got it done...  prob tomorow though!
@harisn First person shooter? 
@harisn I dint take any 
@harisn Still miserable cuz my ears are plugged  I feel like I'm living under water for the past couple of days.
@haritapatel ...it turns my smile upside down 
@harizadri hehehe makasih sambutannya yg meriah ka,i'm so worried about him 
@Harkaway perhaps the cable-chewing canine would like a duck friend... (poor sad duck) 
@Harkis_915 I guess I suck at spelling. I can't even spell beret 
@Harlanbee then you will never see me 
@harleendavid I knowww!  haha yeah, I'm gonna miss my chocoholic 
@harlemmissez i was hopin you would give me some  rofl
@harleyfatboy88b I determined that sorting &amp; packing is the worst part 
@harleyhector, nope...haven't seen him all week 
@HarleyHimself Just a ton of crap really  I'll call you and tell you soonish, probably sometime this weekend
@HarleyMama41 that's right no pic was taken     I certainly wasn't expecting it lol I didn't wash my face for two days lol lol
@harlowshouse http://twitpic.com/3htnl - pic still isn't working for me 
@HarlQuinn Why breakdown? 
@harmanjd nope. Bad as ever. 
@harmlesskitty anyway, i'm a little passionate about stupid laws vs proper education. too large a % of the population are crap drivers 
@Harmohn Hi and bye 
@HarmonicLunacy Im nervous for my themeatic essay tomorrow !  
@HarmonyKendall Aww, I'm so sorry to hear that. That must be rough on you. 
@HarmonySoleil omg, I have been singing it all day too! It's getting annoying! Have you seen their video for &quot;Kids?&quot; Too freaky. 
@harmoolah I don't have any Pepto 
@HAROLDandZOOEY me too  i'm hoping lollapalooza makes up for it
@harperkzm that sucks  booo.
@HarperSimon awww baby, sorry! I took an Ambien  I'll be up and bring my laptop to tap away beside you until I get sleepy if that's ok?
@HarperStreet I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
hey tweets whats going on this early morn cant sleep 
hey tweets where be y'all? I'm like all lonely on the interwebz!! 
Hey tweets! Hope everyone is doing great! I start my new job Friday, but now I need your prayers for healing. I have a very sore throat. 
Hey Tweets,  I know it's been a minute and i've missed you all . The iPhone has died andI had to wait till I got home to get on Twitter 
hey tweets, last day before monday 
Hey Tweets.... Leaving the bay 
Hey tweople! Sleep wasn't really a friend of last nite. My nervous ass kept wakin cause my stnka has a fever   this sux
hey twitter fam...sorry i been ghost for a few..my app on my iphone is crap. how everyone been? Im sad about my magic  but ill be aight
hey twitter land, im still packing what do i take? is it going to rain  oh well on my way tomorrow yay  mwah xxxxxxxxxx
hey twitterboos i'm sick ya'll cramps 
hey twitters ...what poppin ..for me bed 
Hey twitters! grrr I thought I had my hair appointment today and I dont! Ahhh I mad, I need one bad. 
hey twitters, i'm depresive, for you! 
Hey twitters...back from vaycay. Saturdays are finaly mine again, untill July 
Hey twitterverse... I forgot you were out here. Have you been cold and sad 
Hey twitterville just woke up feeling a tad bit better!!! Tired of stressing its not healthy! At all! 
HEy twitts dang i miss my phone. this is y i am out of comission... 
hey twitts! I feel like I haven't been on here n a while! a lil depressed now  jus got my grade 4 class &amp; it wasn't so good 
hey twizzles. not a good day 4me. feeling like crap...think im putting myself on bed rest 4the day  i feel like death right now. ugh!
Hey Tworld. Ur minxmaster is getting tires put on my ride! Hate waiting 
Hey up and on the slave ship I'm so sleepy  but another day another dollar right?????
Hey weatherman - what happened to sunny and 85 today? Beach trip isn't looking too promising 
hey well barely gettin ready 2 go out and paty jejeje !!!! :] but ima little sad cuz one of my friends die !  love u'll!1
Hey whats good my twitter people.. I am so hoarse right now..  Cheer me up ppl!!
hey whats up twitches &amp; twiggas!!!! what the fcuk is up tonite??? feel like i have spoke to my twits all day  lol
hey whats up??? , church was so very long !!!!  
hey where'd all me ho's go, i will delete them thankyou twitter, i like ho's, only followers i get..sheesh police state or what 
hey why no onw is twitting why it's only my 
hey wont be online today  i go swimming at my aunts house!!! very good its so hot !!! have a nice day love ya aybï¿½ peachy jay pinky meiki
HEY WOOT WE GOT A TWITTER TIFF! LOVE YA GIRL HAHA. going to do chores later  -HOLLY
hey yall  , I just came home from school. SOOOO HAPPY IT'S OVER! xD 4 today... yeah we wrote a test from history witch I didn't study for 
hey yall... MAN I have to do homework now... that SUX big times  wellwell C ya
hey you have any advice for me? i have been falling behind in school but can't seem to bring myself to do my work 
hey you on this morning i am lol i got up at 6 am  but what eve cuz now i get to go on the computer!!!â™¥
hey! another boring weekend... wooo! 
hey! doing book debts 
hey! I thought iPhone 3.0 came out today. iTunes just told me 2.2 is the latest  ..cut and paste FAIL (LOL) http://ff.im/-458tV
hey! im like cut out of my profile pic 
Hey! Kegan's following me! Hi @LittleKeg ! I love youuuu! Come home 
Hey! Last long lie till sunday  lol.  Revision today since ive not done any yet and my first prelim is in 15 days :S :O. Lmao 
Hey! No Happy Mother's Day call from my son. I musta been a bad mom. 
Hey! No one is perfect, America isn't close but we do care about your people  #IranElection
hey! thats my brother! hey, brother!......I'm bored 
hey! wats up everyone?? ugh im sooo bored right now! 
Hey! Where the heck's Vin today? Just realized  @DodgersNation
Hey! Where the heck's Vin today? Just realized...     @DodgersNation
hey! where'd all my followers go?! thats a depresing thing 2 wake up 2! here, have a hangover and also overnite NO1 LIKES U ANYMORE 
HEY! why cant i watch @rustyrockts on Leno on the website? Says i cant view from my current location... 
Hey!! im at skl!!  not fair
Hey!! Where are you guys!! I'm on Blogtv all alone...  Come see me!!!
Hey!!! Someone stole the sun 
Hey!!! SSEEEEEEESSSTTTRRRR What's up.  Back to work and missing Fred 
hey!!!!  lol i dont want to go to school tomorrow!  but...... i get to wear my new clothes!!! yay!!! 
Hey, @elliotcole Thank you SO much for the #followfriday. I failed miserably to get a list together this week 
Hey, @jonaknt I'll be in sa then  maybe if we cross highways we can grab lunch?
hey, @kristinleigh, no discounts on fri night  (discounts for other performances are at TKTS ticket booth or http://tinyurl.com/qgddcx)
Hey, @nick_carter , can you update us on your movie FAST GLASS? It looked really good, minus any untimely ending for your character.  #BSB
Hey, a REAL blog comment. Win! All my comment spam is manually entered.  I AM going to be using Project Honey Pot for their IP blacklist.
Hey, all the fellow Christians out there: This one friend-of-mine's wife REALLY needs prayer. Please send a quick prayer to God please. 
hey, anyone there? 
Hey, hey, hey!  Tough day 
HEY, HOW IS EVERYONE? ME? GOING CRAZY! I NEED RENT MONEY SOMEHOW OR I'M GONNA BE OUT ON THE STREET.   
hey, I actually won one of my bracket pools! Too bad it wasn't the one for money 
Hey, i can see the Sears Tower out my window again!  Was so foggy and rainy on Tuesday that i couldn't see it all day.  
hey, i dont know whut to do!!!  i've wanted to be a singer for as long as i can remember!!!  and i cant get a record label!!!i'm good!
hey, i miss you quite terribly. 
Hey, I was right about the Lakers' RIOT ... But, I was really hoping for something more 
Hey, Im still sick  cant wait for MTV awards tonight- gotta love twilight but i'll watch it on youtube instead. damn not having foxtel!
Hey, I'm waiting for my flight!  My mom cried harder than usual this time    Chicago. . .I'll be home around 7   *S. I. S.*
Hey, is there anyone who can teach me how to link other web page? I am a novice 
Hey, new at twitter! What's up? I'm so bored, ugh 
Hey, the DJ that's normally at Katz isn't here. Nooooooo DJ Handlebar where did you go 
Hey, there finally is spam on twitter! whoo ... 
Hey, tweeps!! Hope you all are having an awesome day!!! Just wanted to check in real quick while I had the chance...cleaning house today. 
Hey, Twitterific on my Ipod is not co-operating    Why wont you work you technologial piece of crap?!
hey, vant text back until break sorry.  :\
hey,. earlyer i was at home depot and before we went in my dad was on the phone with my mom and i over heard that my great grama is dying 
hey... just got home from partying haha. jusy playing wii. cheered me up from pathetically losing our softball game...  [embarassing]
hey... why did everyone leave me alone on a Friday night like this? 
Hey.... where did my tabs on top go in Safari? 
Hey.....I need my full service  Summer is starting to bum me out!
Hey...that was mean... I am going to cry now. 
heya twitter i'm sorry for abusing you for 2 months 
Heyaaaaa (: boredd meeehn &quot;/ just got up so imabit tired atm   talk to youuu later  lovee yaaa x
heyhey @vivi182 oh tomorow is my exam 
Heys(: It sucks being off sick 
heyy everyone!!not feeling too well todayy 
heyy heyy !! doing some homework....  but later going to the mall !!!!
heyy my mom just deleted her account on twitter 
heyy people whats up?? How is everyone?? Today is almost over 
heyy twitter dam! my earia athletics was cancelled  ahh well eh! cant wait till friday!
Heyy um so like  just got bak from the library @ 3 pm n couldnt find the Lightning Thief   have u guys been reading any good books lately
Heyy, @jbwritergurl, you're never on anymore!! What's going on? 
heyy, had real awesome day, part from my foot hurts + dont know why  lol
heyy. in french. yay??? falling 
heyy.OFF for now  annoyed by my headache.. tweet later if i can.........
Heyya guys! does anyone know how to give formulas to create a sudoku? Please help 
Heyyy Kiehl's what u doin there???...Hurry uppp!! Can't wait till 19 Jun 
heyyyy, i'm bored, too  (I'm at work tho haha prob plenty to do!) @JeffreyC123
Heyyyyy Guys  bit of a hangover   but a actually feel quite energetic lol WEIRD! x
heyyyyy! twitter!!! you changed my backround on me  aww you stinker you! &amp; i cant adjust the colors...grrrr twitter grrrrrr!!
Hhahaha omg, i love it. Can i just have your ipod. i could only imagine whats in it.  she&amp;him.... @LoveFantasy
Hhey hey what's everyone doing?? NOOOO! Homework! 
Hhh can't sleep. P.S. I miss everyoneee 
hhmm lots and lots of cheap SALE price now! wow!! which one i should buy?! oh nooo can't buy them all!! decision, decison!! GGRRRR  
hhmm my back may have enjoyed the sun too much today 
hhmmm... a lot of 'trons seem to be creeping up. 
hhmmmppp facebook is down 
hi  feelin annoyed had a bad day worst of all been 2da hospital not good news peeps 
Hi @andrewhuntre *waves* Long time no tweet. I'm just about to head off to bed..dang, missed ya again  &lt;quick..blame him for sumpin&gt;
Hi @Manxington!!! Can you remind me again how my mami can get me a duckie? I forgots. 
Hi @NameCheap - out of interest what is the rule of you mis-spell something and re-enter your answer? I've done it twice in 24 hr 
Hi @YDURNAS  very sad with news of flight 447 that crashed on the Atlantic from Rio to Paris 
Hi all followers. Today involves flu. Fun  Must get better for my weekend of carnage coming up. I feel weak!
Hi all! Have been MIA frm Twitterverse as my daughter has been sick since Saturday (ugh!) She's getting better but still home from school 
Hi all, apologies again for the continued @drownedinsound errors. If you can log-in (before your browser crashes) they all disappear. 
Hi all, been a quiet week here.  Think I'm in mourning still  get to watch re-run of last epi tonight tho 
Hi all. Beware many free classifieds are starting to reject home based ads now as illegal content. Seems they don't like them any more 
Hi all... Can't believe Im up, been left with the baby too.. mates gone to do some shopping ...at this hour...means nappies and stuff 
Hi anyone there?!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hi dont want to ruin my hair  maybe il just keep it like this till getaway plan tomorrow night ;) HAHA AND NETBALL
Hi ev1! Haven't &quot;twittered&quot; 4 like 2 weeks...comp problems  Anyway go 2 www.youravon.com/joysmith to get FREE GIFT offer ending tom. !!
Hi everybody... Builders next door still drilling, still hammering and now radio blaring out. 
Hi everyone! It is my last night in Florida  I really don't want to go home but I have to. 
Hi everyone! Mom just left to the mall and I'm hungry. She left me no food. 
hi everyone, another lovely day and im work 
Hi everyone, cant trust anybody around me atm! 
hi everyone, in a while I go to school 
Hi evryone! Still stuckin AZ while @dhardinger1 is in Santa Cruz  2day I had a FreeSale - Its a Garage sale w/o the garage or the sale!
hi folks !!!! its been a while 
Hi followers! It's still raining here...really sad 
Hi friends, as Followfriday, what about saturday. It seems SadSaturday to me 
hi gurgaon ppl! i need to buy and ship a laptop to gurgaon, any site you can recommend? amazon doesnt do intl shipping sadly 
Hi Guys  Just a quick line to Wish you all a Safe Ride on the L2P I was with you all last 2 yrs  on the timing  goin to miss a good event 
Hi Guys - No1 Son is home from the Navy - Chaos reigns!!! till he goes on Sunday 
Hi guys bad news  car going to cost ï¿½600 anyone wanna lend me that???
Hi guys!! ours that boredom!! tomorrow already it is Sunday, as raisin fast weekend 
hi guys, home again4weekend!mourne mountain drawing closer and closer! 
Hi guys, I am still reeling over the news of Primeval being cancelled 
Hi guys. My dog Pyper is ill  Been looking after her all day. I feel really sorry for her,shes not well at all. Hope she will be ok. See U
hi hans, you need to show me how to work twitter 
Hi hi! Back from a weekend away. Barkzilla has the death cold though  Hope you all had wonderful weekends! xo Paddy
hi ho hi ho off to work i go ....  would love a lie in.
hi ho, it's off to work i go. 
Hi I am in city centre mall now, lunch break ... and going back to office 
hi i am just trying to finish home work 
Hi I'm at school and very tired  does anyone know how i can sleep better?  ... tweet tweet
hi im just woke up .... mmm ... nothing special to do 
Hi itÂ´s so boring........ 
Hi JoBro, my best friend gal whos big fan too is very sick in hospital now  im so sad.. and u r the only thing that makes me feel better.?
hi just goen to the orthadontist(dont no how to spell lol)to got ma braces fixed  
Hi Kevin!!! I Miss you, Dude its been 10 mins since you left your desk.... 
hi kuya ea. :p this is gelai montana. :p jokes. missyou. 
Hi Laura. your my only Follower 
Hi Lyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyssssssssssssssssss You deleted your happy birthdayÂ´s tweet for me, why? I had it in my favs. IÂ´m very SAD! 
Hi my friends!!! Sun???? What is sun????!!!Living in San Francisco I don't know what is sun at all 
Hi my name is RJ. I EPICLY FAIL at flirting. But I win at finding acidwash 80's mom jeans 
hi princess ;-p Thank God...a3t8ed eno everything is alright.. bs a5bar shsmh mato9al 
Hi Sweet Gong B! So cold here again, almost like winter again  Went out &amp; did a bunch of chores. Bought a bunch of magazines, including
Hi team, I think the Trouble is missing  I am at Alexis. Maybe I can pick a stranger for fun talk...
Hi there @DitaVonTeese Where can we find those awesome shirts? For PPL like me, who aren't Celebs? 
hi to all! i donÂ´t know why myspace isnÂ´t working  i got a message from my best friend and i canÂ´t read it. miss u nicole
Hi to ange from the parking lot. About to go to my doooomm for the next 7 hrs 
HI to everyone at the #nhtweetup... still on my way back from #140conf -- sorry to be missing it 
Hi Tweeps! Damned agoraphobia? Took kids to park, barely fought off tears until I could drag them away via McD's drive-thru. Crap mother 
Hi Tweeps! I'm so tire that I don't even have the strength to sleep 
Hi twitter pals. I am mobile tweeting. Slept through race.  Feeling tiny bit better.
hi twitter!! sorry i haven't checked in like 1...2 days...I'm just really busy with school... 
Hi twitterholics how ya all doin? a good day to all xxxxwhat is the weather like were u at? miserable and cold here 
Hi Twitters did you hear the 2yr old joey that was shot in the face with an arrow died 
Hi Twittersphere feels like I've been gone 4ever! Bad day, thought I finally sold my car &amp; had a Honda in reach but the deal fell thru 
hi vishal!!!!!! just wanted 2 clarify r u not getting any of my posts ......as u didn't reply me even once  ......dats bad!
Hi Wes, can't wait to see you all again this week-end. Missing Paige stax and stax  Enjoy your evening. Give Rylan a BIG kiss for me
hi x in geography spent yesterday doing coursework  oh well ermmm   messed around with hannas computer making her angry lol   bye xxxxxxxx
Hi xD ! anyways malll 7da  :S !!!!!!! anyways but im gonna play video games so its gonna be fun xD !
hi xD ! how are you everybody xD ! anyways xD ! today in the exam it's was so boring  ! xD
hi ya still studying my marks werent that good so father told me to study the whole vacation!!!! this was the only extra time i had 
Hi, I miss you guys. See you in 5 days. 
hi, its 12:30 at night (midnight kinda) everyone in my house is asleep!  well excsepted me of course well im finishing watching chelsea la
hi, just bring me summer on a nice silver platter right about...NOW! thanks. ahh, still at the library. 
hi, my name is lauren. I think I'm cool but I'm really not. My blackberry isn't as cool as @caffeinateme 's. It's sad. 
Hi, we are the neighbours. We're all going to start bulding sheds and mowing lawns right next to your ears. 
hi, went to bed way early, now Im up before the birds... 
hi,dad wasnt well tonight  His feet are 3x the size they should be and he was so cold all night! I wrapped him in blanket and love!
hi. i never twitter anymore. it makes me sad. 
hi. i think im dying. i think miss piggy bit me.  goodnight.
Hi. I'm new please spare me 
Hi5 need to upgrade star, request a kill me  416  to go, sumbody kill me
hic mï¿½nh cï¿½n 2 to-do n?a n?a ch?a hoï¿½n thï¿½nh  t?i lï¿½m ti?p. (to-do luï¿½n hi?n trï¿½n mobile vï¿½ mï¿½nh hay quï¿½n)
Hic, má»›i xá»­ lÃ­ hÆ¡n 20 con ong trong phÃ²ng 
Hic, sao ma buon ngu the nay 
Hiccup-burps are the most embarrassing burps and the most embarrassing hiccups 
hiccups  or hiccoughs. whatever you prefer. they suck (mine are really loud and sound like i am belching every 4 seconds)
hiccups are no bueno. 
Hiccups have returned...,. 
Hiccups hurt 
hiccups suck 
hiccups wont go away  ....#squarespace
Hideous combination of sunburn and sniffles 
hiding from the sun 
Hiding in bed away from the thunder, don't like it 
HIGH AS HELL!!! Been Smokin' That Cali.....Ohh &amp;  Getting Ready To Go To Work 
high def was just not made for shitty low quality versions of movies. 
HIGH SCHOOL IS OVER!!!!!!, im kinda sad, im going to miss my friends, but i will bring a lot of good memories to college!   
high school is such a drag i sat by myself at lunch  god i'm such a loser.....
high school will never be the same now. I already miss him 
high temp for my son! viral fever  Both at home.
High winds = power outage! Can't reload the OS without power. 
high winds today, no supply boat 
HIGH: Getting to hang out with the 785 crew this weekend.  LOW: Going in to work today. 
High: hitting up qdoba after a great day of happy tanners @ MTC! Low: sick  #tan
Highest level breathing technique in Qigong (but in Chinese  sorry) http://twurl.nl/75sjad
Highest score today for me was 56 wow super lousy sucks  busy busy busy day I need to go shopping and catch a movie. Too little time Grrr.
highly bummed that the guys arent staying. so much for seeing @donniewahlberg for facetime! 
highly disappointed. you think you know someone, then she turns out to by a stealer &amp;&amp; a liar. 
highly disliking the weather. 
Highly irritated! Ugh! 
Highly upset that I missed Buck. In other news, I also have a headache. BOO. 
HIGNFY is on half an hour later tonight  very annoying!
hihihi i had fun but my foot is still hurting!  it's killing me
Hii Is Takn Fah-Ever Thou Kus I Wanna Go Home; But I Dont Wanna Walk 
hiii i got to play a @tomdelonge epiphone yesterday how cool. But then i got upset when i couldnt aford it, and wave bye bye to it 
hiiiiiii.....its so hot out here....i cant move out.....wht the hell...... 
@harpomaxx me too 
@harriet75 Oh no.    I hope it gets better!
@harrietnanes yea I guess 
@harrietpayne - you know mee harriet, i hate cameras...omgosh long time no see   i miss watching fat friends wit'choo, and bike rides 
@harrietrobson apparently! 
@harrietsk  that sucks
@Harriettaa *jealous of you now too* 
@HarrietteJ Will miss you once you've moved. Can't believe the day is almost here 
@harriotchariot haha the umm num num rap, still cant believe we forgot to record the philli and oatcakes song 
@harris1025 cassie and michael jeser  sad to see them go.
@harrisarlene I'm over it too   But going to Grand Cayman in a month  . . .  need to stay vigilant!
@harrisj contacting Customer Service. I look forward to that blue bag on my lawn every Sunday. Very disappointing... 
@HarrisJarvis I didn't see it.. yet.. i'm still at work 
@harrislacewell  How come I couldn't find your book on Amazon? Want it on my Kindle 
@harrisonhudson wish I was celebrating with you 
@harrisonjsmith i need to get tickets though  idk how that is gonna happen
@harrisreynolds After 80 min, still waiting on sandwiches. 
@harroharroron you spelled my name wrong  you know i don't mean anything, do you not know me?
@harrrykins I tried, but it was caught on the ledge on the bottom and against the glass at the top. It truly was a screwed up machine! 
@harryallen The link doesn't work.   But if Yorkies are not on that list it's completely bogus!
@harrybailey Thanks! Unfortunately, they are long gone. 
@Harrygep I'm not sure it's completely fixed. A load (though not all) of my tweets from Gwibber are still showing as web. 
@HarryHarley ;(  I really want to learn to ride motorcycles. On my bucket list. I think it would be so much fun
@harrym ouch! Mega pants to have a dead freezer!!  X
@harryRhamilin - OH i so hope you get it! saw you briefly on harpers island you were great - part too short! 
@HarryRHamlin  I know the feeling.  My daughter has had many black bear hamsters. Our backyard is filled w/their little bones!  
@harrytheblurfan i feel ur pain !!!  but don't despair manchester awaits !!!
@Harsayis I think they're both free from HOTU but.... No voices 
@harsha paying bill on time is a problem for them. No interest 
@harsha5500 I know guitar hero is a hit! I've just never played it 
@HartHanson on the list of options to choose from 
@HartKnight : Not worth the 90% freshness? Aww...I must lower my expectations then when I see it. 
@hartluck cool i love motor GP, i missed it too 
@hartluck hey i cant make it today  are u doing any more shows in brissy (brisbane)?? or any more signings?? please say you are!!!!!!!
@hartluck hey y wasnt the afterpartay spoken bout earlier???? or it aint to do with you??  (n answer would b nice too plz ta)
@hartluck im going miss it  hope you have a good day it sucks been sick
@hartluck I'm jealous... wanna drive a CBR too... but I'm to short 
@hartluck im so  you didnt do show in perth...maybe next time.. what happened to our extreme sports?
@hartluck u r not missing anything...NSW is losing 
@hartluck wish i was back in sydney  oh well, only 5 days til i am!go eat @ a place called eating world, tis awesome, if u like asian food
@hartovdaciti  I know. Its sad right?
@HartzandSocks lol Too bad I'm broke. 
@hartzprod LOL I'm sure you do! I wish that post wasn't a year old so I could pretend to be Gaydzilla 
@Harvey1966 twitter went down  #GES
@harvey73 Every side mission, Templar, viewpoint, and 419/420 flags 
@haryanb ah, ele nao tem tattoo 
@has decided to race again, which ultimately means I'm gunna have 2cut down on the vino  boo
@HasanSalaam  thats not cool...come stay wit me...wish i was closer.
@hasbean   sad ! And the worlds 4 th best barista !
@hash_iphone there's no way to restore it. bootneuter was used in unlocking it so no matter what i do its unlocked but unactivated 
@hasiantideamita yeah, like 3 more exams left and we are done for grade 9 
@hasin my bad 
@hasina_za Ouch! Just in case anybody was thinking the battle was won 
@hassan_z missing you more 
@hassankhosseini no I was in a taxi with a colleague so it took a pic of the car but not me 
@HassB awlllll shame for us  lol
@HaStacks lmfaooo whyyyy?!   lol aight fuck it! We goin innn!!! Lol
@hastiekido Hello! Yes, these are all mine, though the little goat w/ horns, the one named Buster, died in Nov from old age. 
@hasyya Aaaaaaa it's 9! 
@hatdiva i know. but it didn't help. i'm sad. 
@hatdiva i really do! i don't have boots or a raincoat anymore. and i walked all the way there to realize the p.o. is closed on saturday! 
@HaThien ï¿½i kh? thï¿½n b?n t?  ?i khï¿½m ch?a. :|
@hathoo  ?????
@hatramroany woah, he's totally fair game. i finished season two. i don't know what to do with myself until season three comes out on dvd 
@hatsushika OMF. ok so gawin nlng nten tong comment box. haha! yeahh malabo atang makanood ako eh 
@hatticusrex i do that 
@hattiegarrisson what i didnt get any 
@Hattifur BLIMEY...i've lost my capability of writing properly.waering instead of wearing; heals instead of heels,back 2 elementaryschool 
@Hattifur hahaa..i definitely  should...but i couldn't get to the kitchen area though, too many tables in front of me 
@Hattifur was the cake.i guess they served it after our &quot;departure&quot; 
@Hatz94 awww.i hope you feel better! I've had a really bad headache for the past couple days. 
@Hatz94 Can u tweet your fans to vote? David wont self promote. The other top 3 guys are tweeting their fans to vote  http://bit.ly/VwV6H
@Hatz94 hahaha that's funny. I am sad that I missed the chat again  haha. was it fun at least?
@Hatz94 i don't understand how to work stickam 
@Hatz94 me too. I hate my computer so much.. 
@Hatz94 my knee is killing me  i can barely walk
@Hatz94 no i dont have a webcam  haha
@Hatz94 no myspace. sorry. 
@Hatz94 yeah, it won't let me change my profile pic either. 
@Haunt1013 I really could've done without that image... given all new awful spam. 
@Haus_OfEmily But it was really scary! And I tried to get out one of the doors and it was locked so I thought I was locked inside 
@hautecoutureash yea I kno tht image. I'm rlly bored.  &amp; @sbsisi is actin like a bitch -_-
@hautecowgirl FYI: Apriori is MLM cosmetics co. Contcted co. to try their product. They just want to sign me up. I just want 2 try prdct 
@HauteCowgirl My condolences on the off day, Danielle   Hopefully an episode of Cowgirl Life Radio will help!
@HautePersian that should be an  ahaha
@HautTotes i know  sugar is so addictive.. right now i want salt though lol what did you see?
@hauwei i did  majorly sad!i haven't seen them in years!...and i was going to celebrate with them too  sob!
@havdrumwiltravl damn it. I forgot to call you back 
@havdrumwiltravl I fail at life 
@havenward Sorry you are feeling bad, by the way.  There's something that sucks just a bit more than normal about summer colds.
@haveringdh right on time - then have a call at 6 
@having Almonds and heading to the gym. Tried to take care of email today but only got down to 89 
@HawaiianKiko hi there!  Love your posts.  Sorry I can't sponsor 
@Hawkbow Even better! It's a gorgeous place, just the kind of place I'd like to live. I can run my biz anywhere, but hubby, not so much. 
@hawkdude56 I ended up working in the evening, so I was stuck inside.  Last evening shift and today's my last weekend shift for a while!
@hawkins_boi I want a BBQ 
@hawkito of the three I'm playing with, tweetie so far has been the worst. 
@HawksleyWorkman Just saw the schedule for the east coast tour in the fall... and St. John's isn't on it.   We'll miss you...
@hawkster damn and i couldnt make it  going to a after party?
@Hawon did you already get up? I can't sleep 
@Haworthinc i can't DM you guys 
@hawpunch I hope not too! Maybe its cause I'm tired from the work week. Hopefully tmrw I'll be ok. 
@hawpunch Yes looks like its out for mac owners so far....have windows 
@hawt_shyet yOu gOtt it imma Lay dOwn On my pLanet mattress.....iDk How it caMe dOwn tO Me aNd yOu But yOu Win!!! 
@hawthornegalen i too feel guilty for liking that song. 
@hawtxxx  whats your name on stickam? Can't find you anymore... 
@hayabusaage how come grape flavored things never taste like grapes? they always taste like PURPLE!!! 
@hayashi_hoshi sucks!  (I must admit I haven't seen that movie though) I wish I had something better to say, but I don't quite &gt;&lt;
@haybear14 i would have but i didnt see u! im sorry 
@haybrianabanana @nickbalzo @samanthasin yah i think its time to cut down the penis jokes,its not that funny 
@Hayden_Bloom I mean the lived in look he has. I can grow a beard like that, but there are gaps 
@HaydenDavey it didnt work 
@haydenonline ah I missed it 
@haydenonline lol i would have like 2 or 3 hundred more! but they got deleted 
@Haydenzomg We're trying to help you smile you know 
@hayjane keep it elevated, put it in iced water for as long as you can stand, and maybe some arnica? poor you 
@haykuro - new SPL and IME = brilliant! Dialler next? The bad news - SPL worked fine on one G1, killed the other! 
@haykuro catching up on all of the ROM &quot;drama.&quot; Sorry you got burned. Just remember, no good deed goes unpunished 
@haykuro guess we won't be getting hero rom netime soon 
@haykuro is the only language for this english? (http://bit.ly/hbNId ) i love it but i want it in spanish too 
@hayl_storm ahh hayley 
@HayleaJay thnx a lot 
@haylee_123 I'm so sorry, hon. My condolences 
@Haylee_123 sorry to hear that hayls 
@hayleeq  I'm sorry Best Buy is so bad to you. 
@hayleeraea uuu biiitch! lmao i rly have to get off twitter..the east coast ppl are ruining it 4 me 
@hayleighwatson SORRY!!!  I will put her to sleep before i leave next time!
@hayles16: haha I missed it too 
@Hayles17 I could cry right now. It's not his fault I suppose, but I just feel like a walking cash machine 
@Hayley Bell1 LOL my hayfevers driving me crazy, I need 2 go shoppin and my hair needs cuttin, it's to thick  xx
@Hayley_orourke   I miss you, i didn't even get to say goodbye 
@HAYLEY0614 I can't find Courtney eitherr. and I really hafta talk to her.  do you know what happened maybe?
@hayleydiamond you're already missed on the 6th floor!  
@HayleyNewland It's Sam....   Op on his balls unfortunatley!!
@hayleyscomet92 thanks but I really wanted a picture with you 
@HayleySmith16 me neither  bad times
@HAYLEYSNOW  I miss you kid! 
@hayleywestwoodx Peter goes on sale today and I can't buy him  make sure he doesn't sell out!
@HayleyWick it's embarasing! Not cool I look so odd   i'm lying on my bed having a sleep! :Â£
@Hayleyy1 You Tube has Scarlet Night as a live version and an early acoustic version from before the actual recording only 
@HayleyyFitch hahahah yaaay!(: and sadly, you're not the first viewer 
@HayleyyFitch i feel like a lonerr at this party lmao 
@HaylieK It is cloudy here too  It was raining like 1 hour ago. I hate rain :S
@HaylieK turns out i didn't 
@HaylsK billy says he is downloading the update right now!!! Wish I wasn't at work! 
@Haylz_Lou im bored to honey, dean has buggered of upstairs to go onto normal computer, nothing on tv either 
@Haylz2329 4 stone wot u wana b skin n bones  not gud ur perfecto the way u r xxx
@Haylz2329 yeah unfortunately  7pm-3am. GAH! gym monday night?? lu xx
@haylz4000 Damn my plan is foiled! 
@Hayoonah where is my tea? 
@hayYOURcute  oh man. we'll just have to find other reasons to take drives and sing haha
@hayzeley337 Sorry, I do tweet a lot 
@Haz3493 Thanks! But don't assume that they're any good.......  
@HazalSelena what 22?!  you kicked the ass of an 22 year old?!  haha yes poor you  *hugs*
@hazardous_zone I really want the Reaper and Cole outfits. Lucky American folk have them! 
@haze2003purple no.  it's a 60's pop group of white guys... kinda like &quot;the animals&quot;
@hazel_13 Crushheeed that Kickstart can't play XT 
@HazelAngeli @V0TR0N  too bad Vo got me sick I think  &amp; I don't even have meds to feel like you.
@hazelanne18 hazel! I hope you had fun last niiiiight, sorrry we coudnt make it  its on tonight tho!!!!!!
@hazelbautista I know..    Too bad they couldn't work it out.
@hazelcullen it went awful my monologues went great but rest pretty much i wasnt happy with @ all def wnt be gettin in 
@Hazeleyed_Honey Not the pics I was thinking of 
@Hazeleyed_Honey smh didn't have to put my business on twitter. Should have texted me back and said you were busy 
@hazeleynutt i want you to know that i'm going to forget that your phone doesn't work and still send you txt msg's  not on purpose...
@hazelisrude, @crownieisrude, @miaisrude, @breezyisrude hey what are yall doing tonight, i might not be able to make it tomorrow!! 
@hazellenut I love the BU campus, but they don't have the program im applying for 
@HazelMears I'm the bloomin' same matey!  Should be in bed as working early tomorrow, but wide awake.  
@hazelnuttt i can't find my head 
@hazelrage aw man I send you earplugs...what I hate is when people do it and act like its a freakin contest. That's way annoying 
@HazelRosli hey guess what.. remember i was saying my cat was sick..? well.. frodo died 2 weeks ago, 20 minutes after i left for work 
@hazelsheard  Get well soon!
@hazelyy nooo  masterchef just became dull.. dowan to watch already lah!! haha
@hazemtaji Did you buy a PS3? My xbox360 got the RROD 
@hazlehurstkevin I guess our relationship isn't as deep as I thought it was 
@hazyeyez  New!! My Old One Is Gone!!  But That's Ok!!! Love Your New Pro-Pic!!!
@hbank3 most definatly 
@hBiC_730 i've had too much of his shit. I'm getting ready to start pulling my hair out. 
@HBIC_Mommajo i will be back in 2 days.. i really don't want to though 
@hblake13 I'm sorry... I didn't even watch the 2nd half.  Kind of knew at halftime it was pretty much done. 
@hbloy I hope I'm not off that long!! But if I am, will do. Hope weather there is as beaut as here, can't go for a walk though, bugger 
@hblumer I know so sad  Watch Friendly Fires for me tomorrow!
@hchermak  I love you. I wish I could say that better.
@hchua11: the link doesn't work 
@hckyply123 Oh, bummer!  I hope it doesn't take too long to heal.    What regatta?
@HCObebex3   i took ODEE pics yesterday but im trying 2 resize  i looked cute lol    WORK ugghhh  :/
@HCObebex3  idk if ima b able 2 resize it  now im takin ab reak n gettin pics 4 mi sci project  
@hcor  i guess.
@Hcroww and im gonna miss u bc when i move dowm for good u my only good/close friend leaves. 
@hcsfchick Yeah  I want one better mark before end of uni 
@hctc How many batches of cookies do I need to buy for you guys to DO SOMETHING for us in Fredericksburg? Verizon, sadly, is doing zippo 
@hcurrier @saragthatsme I was not allowed to leave with anything left in my wallet. 
@hCxPiXie away for longer?? sucks when that happens. 
@hdaisy Hey hday. thanks for the invite. We're getting ready for the wedding and whatnot. It's at 5. and i think we headin out early tmrw 
@hdaze tried the baits. Have killed 1 with it, died in my study = to this day not found corpse  VERY smelly. Not a good idea in hindsight
@hdberk apparently the update released yesterday-ish fixed that 
@hdconnelly At least you have a good excuse for not shooting. I just haven't seemed to make the time. 
I hate babysitting. I hate children. I hate yelling. I hate undefined bedtimes for humans under the age of 13. I hate doing nothing. 
I hate Bangkok Traffic Jam, wasting my time 
I hate beeakfast foods  It better not rain today.
I hate bees! 
i hate being a chef 
I hate being a girl 
I HATE being a girl right now. Cramps=death! Owwww! 
I hate being a teenager sometimes...and really hope somethings come to pass 
i hate being a woman sometimess  dam u *shakes fist*
I hate being allergic to cats. My brother has the cutest little kitty, but I'm now extremely miserable. My Claritin-D didnt even help. 
i hate being alone in thunderstorms like this 
I hate being annoyed  It's so hot! &amp; I feel like my dad's mad at mee! Mayynn, what'd i doooo 
i hate being at work... all i want is to be out in the sun with my Joey. He's soooo cute and sweet. i miss him today. 
I hate being awake when I want to sleep...  
i hate being bored and alone. someone go to the park with me 
i hate being bored...  .
i hate being broke. 
i hate being cold 
I hate being doped up on meds and not being able to have a nice cold refreshing beer. Sigh. 
I hate being down 
I hate being ill 
I hate being ill  Off to read eclipse and feel sorry for meself...
I hate being ill  Sucks big time!
I hate being in da club seein a fly ass man &amp; when I wanna bump &amp; grind I see he has 2 left feet lol &amp; no moves at all! Go Head!  Sowwy...
i hate being in this predicament, i mean really, i do bring a lot to the table... i think. 
i hate being on call...was paged at 4, couldn't log onto my pc or get in touch with coworker, had to drive to office and run job manually 
I hate being outbid on ebay when you really need something and you're poor 
I hate being phoneless  Someone donate me a Verizon phone!
I hate being poor 
I hate being poorley 
I hate being questioned! But I think im in the dog house  I think she gonna take the badge for today. Maybe I'll do whatever she wants!
I hate being shaped 
I hate being sick  but yay I got an itouch!!!
I hate being sick  why should I waste a sick day on actually being sick? Jkjk
I hate being sick all the time. I'm missing Lisa's recital 
i hate being sick and the fact that its almost the end of the school year 
I hate being sick n having to work 
I hate being sick on top of what else is going on life sucks so bad right now 
i hate being sick still. come take care of me 
i hate being sick yo. This is some bullshit to be sittin @ work when I need to be laid up in bed 
I hate being sick, too much wasted time and energy!   Wish me well so I can get back to my busy life, lol
I hate being sick.  Make me soup?
i hate being sick. i feel horrible. my head is about to expload. my throat hurts so bad. 
I hate being sick. i feel like crap right now. someone make me feel better 
I hate being sick....ugh  but sooo excited for tonight!
I hate being so confused like I am right now  it's embarrassing :/
I HATE being so effin' sick!! 
I hate being so impatient, I'd work on it but it would take too long  #catch22
I hate being stuck at work on a saturday night!! this sucks!! 
i hate being stuck in this hole i miss my dad!! 
I hate being such a light sleeper 
I hate being super paranoid. It makes me even more scared.  I'm shaking. I hate being alone.
I hate being that person that does nothing but whine about how much their life sucks. I'm turning into that person, it seems, permanently 
I hate being the pushing bag.. Woke up early for nothing... great way to start the day... 
I hate being this exhausted...I get so easily annoyed. 
I hate being under 18 and living with my parents! Apparently they think that I should return my cat and never have a pet again!   
I hate being woken up. Especially by people who fake &amp; annoy me.   Call me a bitch now 
I hate being yelled at everyone hates me today 
I hate being young 
I hate Biochem bad, real bad Michael Jackson 
I hate braces 
I hate bravenet.com.  They cache two version of your page, and half my website got wiped out   I'm such a web noob sometimes...  ha!
i hate breakfast...i don't know what i want 
I hate breakups man I wanna cry sooo bad 
I hate Brokeback Mountain.
I hate brussel sprouts they make me sick 
I HATE bugs;especially ones that fly 
I hate bulimia!its not cool 
I hate bumble b's 
I hate bureaucracy. 
I hate bus rides. Mostly just the people on the bus. Too many idiots 
I hate butt shots 
I hate callin ppl on tha fone. idek why 
I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT. 
I hate car drives. 
I hate change of plans 
i hate chemistry.its official now. 
i hate chinese homework 
I hate cleaning 
i hate cleaning up after partys tired now 
I hate coffee! But at this point I'll take anything to get me going so I can turn in early tonight.I can't nap bc that'll make it worse. 
I hate colds!!!! It meant I couldn't go to london  hopefully I will be able to go in August!!!!
I hate colds.  And I can't stay home at all this week because it's the last week of school. Therefore, I have finals.
I hate coming home to nobody!!  family is in bed, brother is wiff bf, bff is at homie! So sad
i hate coming to work on saturday 
I hate concussions. I hate headaches. I hate throwing up. I hate medicine. I WANT MY LIFE BACK! I want to be able to eat happily again 
I hate construction!!!!!!  http://twitpic.com/7s0iy
i hate cousrsework 
I hate cramps 
i hate cramps! 
i hate cramps....and i missed alvin yuen. 
i hate crying but he never stop make me mad jealous and crying, i hope you know about that 
I hate crying, I'm missing my Star Trek 
I hate d Irish weather it never stops raining and is always cold 
I HATE DADS DAY. IT JUST MAKES ME FEEL LIKE CRAP. 
I hate ''Dark Circles Under  My Eyes'' 
I hate day shifts on weekends! 
I hate days like these, I'm still in my pijamas and missing SOO much my boyfriend.. 
i hate days that i leave my phone at home.  
I hate desirae and caitlin! 
I hate dis train station wit a passion right now  got dis lil ounce of scared but I'm a G ;) so its ight.. :/ idk wats wrong wit me now!ah
I hate disappointment. But it's true what they say, if it's too good to be true, it probably is. 
i hate disney channel 
I hate Disney, I hate Chronicles Of Narnia, I hate Lords Of The Ring and I hate Harry Potter...
I hate doctors appointments 
I hate doctors!  4 hours today in doctors! scary!
I hate doing house cleaning  in San Francisco, CA http://loopt.us/haqMtg.t
i hate doing projects 
i hate doing school portfolios! :| ...i haven't even started, but just reading the guideline gives me a headache  haha
I hate doing the firing 
i hate doing this fucking art!! it looks shit! i just want to go back to bed  dont want to go out tonight!
I hate dolls. And I hate Dead Silence. 
I hate dreams like that  make me end up being jealous of myself.
I hate driveby meetings.. now I have to go to a real one and miss my morning breakfast.. guess it'll be lunch 
I hate driving at night 
I hate driving near Meadowhall when it's busy. Was cut up 4 times, pulled out on twice and one dozy van driver who randomly swaps lanes. 
I hate drunk men, especially when I'm stuck on a bus with them 
i hate dry grass 
I hate dry patches...  it makes you over react! How long is this patch gonna last cause im anxious to c wat on the otherside!
I hate earlies in work  bn up from 430ish is not good EVER ffs
I hate eatting sometimes! My head hurts and my stomache hurts! It might be from cookies idk.... 
I hate end-of-the-year projects. 
I hate ends of the mnths  Night, world.
I HATE ENGLISH COURSEWORK! (N) F*CKING HAS TO BE IN FOR TOMORROW, DOESN'T IT  DOWNER!
i hate english weather ... its like monsoon weather outside my room 
I hate enter keys!  Gah,  Damn things are forever in the way when I type.  And I sent an update from my phone and it still isn't showing. 
i hate errors that i can't solve 
I hate errors where I don't even understand what they mean, let alone what I need to do to fix it  New features are always difficult 
I hate everybody.  That includes you @ all of you!    This is not a good day.
I hate everyone!!! 90s party sounded so dope from all the tweets... I'm so jealous I missed it. 
i hate examms 
i hate exams 
I hate exams !! 
I hate exams and being sick 
i hate exams guys 
I hate extreme hot weather. Only like around 18C not bloody 25C all day 
I hate falling asleep during the day and walking up when it's dark. It confuses my little brain 
I hate falling asleep without you by my side &lt;3 
I hate Fallout 3 it keeps making me jump, I'm also low on health, money, ammo and food  don't worry I'll get through it.
I Hate Feeliin Like Spanked Monkey's Ass 
I hate feeling crap about something that should make me really happy 
I hate feeling crappy. 
I HATE FEELING ILL 
i hate feeling like this. i hate feeling like nothing's gonna get better. i hate all of this. i wanna be happy again. 
I hate feeling sick  It totally f***ked up my day! I had alot planned and got none of it done. I need to get down to business tomorrow!
I hate feeling sick to my stomach.... 
I hate fighting with my brother. This time it's really, really bad... 
i hate fighting with the person that is my entire world. 
i hate fighting... sometimes i just wanna run away and pack everything i own into a suitcase, and never ever come back. 
i hate films where gary sinise plays the bad guy 
i hate finals 
i hate finals  going to fail and then my life will be ruined.
i hate finals weeek 
I hate finance  my head always wants to explode 
I hate fishing.  I usually just sit there and read.
I hate Flash CS3's scale 9 grid handling. Hate hate hate. Look how bitter it has made me! 
i hate flies. that thing woke me up at 7,30! 
I hate flossing. I would rather pluck out every individual hair on my body with tweezers than floss, but that wouldn't help my teeth 
I HATE folding fitted sheets.   I'm too much of perfectionist for this crap.
I hate food right now, everything i've eaten today has made my stomach hurt. 
I Hate FOX for ending T:SCC and still PISSED at ABC for Pushing Daisies, why do they always cancel good shows and let bad ones stay 
I hate funerals. 
I hate funerals. So sad 
i hate funerals. with a passion 
I hate garage cleanout day  &lt;Ed&gt;
I hate gardening but I've never wished I was outside and not stuck in bed more then right now 
I hate gas stations 
I hate geography 
I hate getting bloodwork done.  but i'm off to ihop to nurse my wounds.
I hate getting carts at work 
i hate getting out of bed 
I hate getting out of the shower to a screaming baby 
I hate getting outbid on ebay  114 RSS items to go through, boooo 
I hate getting up before dawn on my day off 
I hate getting up eurly 
I hate ghetto music 
I hate giving Jonathan chemo shots 
I hate global warming and i hate snow. ITS APRIL ffs. 
i hate goin on espn basketball and only having the draft to read about and other random speculation...i miss the playoffs 
I hate going 2 work when it's sooooo nice outside! Also my face looks like a tomato 
i hate going on base.....  gotto take bella to the vet  have a great monday
I hate going online and looking at the balance in the bank.  its always a lot lower than I need it to be.
i hate going to bbq's and not being able to eat much cuz i dont eat meat, only salad for me 
I hate going to bed hungry! 
i hate going to bed sad  had such a great evening and I had to go and ruin it
I hate going to specialists....its always crowded...and crowded with weird ppl  
I hate going to the dentist 
i hate going to the doctor, three tubes of blood!!!! 
I hate going to the library when it's closed, just to drop off books because I won't have a chance to go when it's open. 
I hate going to work when its so hot outside  !!!
i hate going to work. 
I hate golfs! This citigolf crashed into a CORSA! *cries. 
I hate good byes. 
I hate goodbyes especially when Im gonna see my best friends again..  I love you all people and I will see you again &quot;no mater guat&quot; 
I hate goodbyes. So much 
I hate Governor Strickland 
I hate gravel it has messed my car up 
i hate grocery shopping by my self   perverts are every where 
I hate guild drama. And I have no idea how to deal with it.  #WoW
i hate hand casting on a sunday night 
I hate hanging out with my parents I feel like a five year old 
I hate hangover-related headaches 
I hate Harry Potter, that daniel wotshisface needs a fucking slap...
I HATE HASH FUNCTIONS.  MINE SUCKS SO IT'S NOT REALLY WATCHING, BUT THAT'S MEH.
I hate hate hate chem 
I hate hate hate not ever being able to sleep at night and spending all day in bed 
I hate hate hate Target on saturdays 
I hate hate hate this stupid history CRAP!  why oh why mr.Barr?!
i hate havin an attitude...cause i be such a a$$ but i just feel like nothing is going my way anymore.... 
i hate having a tooth ache, rather have a broken toe, darn pain is cuzin it to even hurt when i drink  
i hate having anxiety  goodnight
I hate having anxiety and intrusive thoughts 
I hate having bad news for my best friend. 
i hate having bad posture. it hurts. 
I hate having blood tests  makes me feel woozy and my arm go all floppy.
I hate having braces  they hurt
I hate having deadline 
I hate having dreams to remind me of you. I miss harley q 
I hate having expensive habits to support 
I hate having my eyes dialated....I have a headache 
I hate having no new tv to watch 
I hate having second thoughts and stupid extra thoughts rolling around in my head 
i hate having streap throat   but excited about my  B~day on the 30 th omg i cant participate @ track to day  o man
I hate having to apologize but this time it was my fault 
i hate having to do work stuff on my day off 
i hate having to stay home on a Saturday 
I hate having to wake up early cause that means I have to go to bed early 
i hate having to wear glasses...i hate it. - headaches arent helped by the group of 10yr olds jumping out infront of cars outside either. 
I hate having to work when my baby is at home sick 
i hate hay fever season  http://tinyurl.com/nw8h73
i hate hayfever! 
I hate hayfever! Eye's are leaking, nose is running and keep sneezing!  Not doing well!
i hate hayfever, its such a downer 
i hate headaches  goodnight
I hate heat 
I hate hiccups  I've had them all day.
I hate hiccups, Still got them from yesterday 
I hate hicups!!!! Why is there no cure for the common hicups??? 
I hate hiding my tears. Especially when I'm at Disneyland.. 
i hate him more now he's sorry x it means i have no reason 2 h8 him x nothin stops me from likin him n dats da problem  im drowning here!
I hate history 
I hate hitting the &quot;funny bone'' Pain squared... Then right after that I hit the BBB 
I hate holiday!!! Its so boring!!! 
I hate hollister sandals they fail on me in disneyland 
I hate Homemade Ethernet Cables  http://bit.ly/uzMkL /04/27/1216246&amp;from=rss
I HATE HOMEWORK!!!!! I won't do it anymore -.- I'm so angry, I'm gonna get a bad note but i won't do it anyway -.- I HATE ME  I HATE MATHS
i hate homework!but i have to do it now...tomorrow school 
i hate homework. 
I hate horrible atmospheres, I pick them up so quick!  kisskiss xxxxxxxxxx
i hate horror movies, and i hate dedication, 
I hate horror movies, why is that what all the previews are for when I'm seeing a comedy 
I HATE HOSPITALS 
I hate hospitals  Especially waking up in them
i hate hospitals ... 
I hate hospitals. Everything is so white it's disturbing, 
i hate hotmail! 
i hate how everything my dad says links to college. pushes me but stresses me.  maybe im thinking way to much.
I hate how everytime I actually have to get up in the morning I can't get to sleep until the sun is starting to come up. What gives! 
I hate how fast I can go from having even dare i call it an ok day to just wanting the day over. July 25th and the week after,come sooner 
I hate how i cant communicate with the man doing my nails rite now. he can talk 2 me yet cant understand what im telling him 
I hate how I get cold easily when hung over. Nice brisk spring morning and I am wearing a jacket.  At least it's my Finntroll hoodie.
I hate how I thought it was Sunday today 
i hate how i walk away from my computer and i come back and miss so much  and halo is my game - gosh!
I hate how I'm not so obsessed with Twitter anymore, and always seem too busy to @ anybody anymore. 
i hate how it rains so much here  Its summerrr WHY does it have to rain.
I hate how its so hard to breath 
I hate how its so hot now  I can't go back to sleep!!! 
I hate how MS makes me feel. I can't control my legs 2nite &amp; am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  Anyone else get those moments?!!
I hate how my parents just assume I'll eat chicken from zippys. I kinda wanted a Surf Pac 
i hate how my room is the only place in my house that has crappy phone reception!!! 
I hate how once they break up they don't get back together until like the last episode 
I hate how people grow apart   But SUCH great memories
I hate how stuborn I am. My wrist was hurt then I kept playing And doing stuff. Now I cAn't even do my makeup without a brace. 
i hate how they always act like i'm in the wrong.. ALL the time 
I hate how tired I am 
i hate how we go the 3d movie so late, it's just old. aka i'm wishing paranoid was in it and it was more LVATT than ALBL, yknow ? 
I hate how West Coast supermarkets only carrying 50 percent of the Goya collection 
i hate hurting ppls feelings.but it had to be said. 
i hate i missed Roo im so sad 
I hate insomnia 
i hate insomnia  had to turn down a Ufest ticket (VIP nonetheless). to tired ..i feel like a zombie ate my brain and im slowley turning..
I hate Interviews 
I HATE IRELANDS WEATHER! Why can't it go back 2 sunnyness wen i got a tan..Stupid Irish Weather..Finished School And RAIN! &gt; I want sun 
I hate Ironing school shirts. 
i hate it here,to heck with it 
i hate it to be sick .   sore throat is baad.
I hate it when friends die 
I hate it when I accidently hit Cmd + Q instead of Cmd + W. Especially in Firefox. 
I hate it when I am in pain 
I hate it when I am wide awake this early, and I know that if I get up, I'll be tired later. but I just can't fall back asleep 
i hate it when i cant sleep because im overthinking something, why cant things be simpler 
I hate it when I dont get my own way....time to pout 
I hate it when I forget my work keys at home 
I hate it when i have to wait for dinner. 
I hate it when I let everything get to me.     maybe sleep will fix it, if I can sleep.   :/
I hate it when I mismanaged my $$ 
I hate it when I realize I have started to fall into a nap and I decide to turn off stuff but then I can't get back there. 
I hate it when I tell myself I need to do something, but then I forget what it is 2 minutes later 
i hate it when im addicted to the internet like this 
I hate it when i'm so tired but my body won't let me sleep 
i hate it when in the summer you have very random outbursts of rain and you have to walk back in it 
I hate it when jay is away on business 
i hate it when my alarm ends my beautiful dream 
I hate it when my baby is down because then I'm down. 
i hate it when my bff is groundedd  boooooooooo
I hate it when my coffee goes cold 
I hate it when my friends go missing 
i hate it when my laptop clicks things that i dont want to click on such as accepting facebook requests 
i hate it when my lips is dry. it hurts 
I HATE it when my MBP doesn't go to sleep before I put it in my bag and an hour later I find it trying to burn a hole through the bag. 
I hate it when my parents treat me like a vulnerable little kid who needs naps to stay alive.  If only I could tell them that.
i hate it when my pc crashes   i can tweet agin now!!!! yaaaaaaaaaay x
I hate it when my sister is awake. She makes me watch Adult Swim. Ahhhhh, my IQ. 
I hate it when my tumblarity goes down 
i hate it when people claim to want to be your friend and then make no actions to demonstrate that. 
I hate it when people move their arms so much during singing. #BGT And the judges liked it by the looks of it. She'll probably win 
I hate it when people suddenly show up to commandeer your room and you have to sleep somewhere else.   I'm already in sleep mode, damnit.
I hate it when ppl call me Mame... its make me feel old 
I hate it when pretty much everything is sunburned but your face...I look like a jackass. 
I hate it when recipes don't give detailed enough instruction. Now I have to start all over. 
i hate it when something beautiful leaves you, and all you can do is obsess until you crumbing, and a blackhole replaces your heart. 
i hate it when stuff tastes bad because you're sick 
i hate it when they numb your lips, i cant feel anything! 
I hate it when u cant sleep  this roseanne marathon is getting pretty old!
I hate it when United lose 
I hate it when ur with Jeremy I have to cover my feelings or I'd end up cryin all the time truth is im so depressed w/o u baby I NEED u- 
@HdksoN   no!  I  should  take ACC  on saturday~     I'll   want  relax!!!!!!
@HDNet Please put the ROH shows on your Xbox 360 channel.  I don't get your channel so I don't get to see ROH.  
@Hdooley416 im sorry about n00d1es, i told him to stop 
@hdurina my comp is without power adapter  .. waiting for replacement to arrive. In the meantime, I am a refugee-computer-user :-/
@he_loves_me aww yeah I got into an accident on my way to the club  and they took off!! Fuckin bitch!! Lol
@Heaatherrr aww  Make Ewan get itt 
@Heaatherrr noooo - if you were here you could borrow mine  x
@heabner Oh no! Thats what they did to me, like I said before! You may never get it.. 
@head_scan shame... take care of yourself   hope you feel better tomorrow
@headabovewater dude, so excited to see you in Manchester! Nearly saw you at forward hall in Erie, pa but couldn't make it 
@headfirstfor i was taking a shower.  now i'll watch a movie, i guess. HAHAH
@HeadHardHat  Sorry to read about your layoff.  I'll keep you in my thoughts.
@HeadHardHat I'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  I will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!
@HeadlineGirl imma be at the lone tree one. Fml 
@headphoneparty apparently it's not going to be until this evening for us in the uk 
@headphones4two NO WHORE. NO WHORE. And I had to leave because my bro went on. 
@headteacher  - poor you 
@Health4UandPets oh my! you have had a day! I am so very glad everyone is okay. Sorry for the grill and all the dust 
@Health4UandPets Thanks for posting the pics last week of you getting your treats. Mom was out of town so I couldn't tweet back 
@healthewoman Amen to that. I don't know what it's going to take to change it, though. 
@HealthNuggets your links are not working 
@healthymom02 Good luck with that! I have to get up EARLY if I want that to happen! 
@HealthyVoyager YES! Where were you?! Aww, I really wanted to meet you  Maybe we should all have a get together. THE BAKE SALE, duhr!
@hearmescream 
@heartandhome So sad... isn't it? My heart weeps when I see things like that, it's becoming the &quot;norm&quot; though. 
@heartavantgarde me too 
@HeartBreakerzEn lol sorry  ill make it up
@HeartBreakV  Im laughing but stil :'-(  hahaha how long do u have to be there?
@HeartBreakV I know I know   I told you I prob wasnt going to be able to make it though...I'll make it up
@HeartBreakV I mean I wasn't actually THERE...but I had fun readin ur status'. 
@HeartBreakV I would sooo be there if I didn't have to work early Friday morning 
@heartbreakv Nope 
@HeartBreakV o shooot! 'Str8 outta LoCal a crazy mufucca named gusto!' Lmao...I was tryna get tht as my ringtone but cldnt find it 
@HeartBreakV Yeah! I was on my way there from work  lmao! That pissed me off!
@heartbrken4evr Haha, join the club! 
@hearted aww bb  well, fuck those people!  *hugs* you know i added you because you're my friend &lt;3 and i'm here for you, okay? &lt;3
@hearted aww it would be pretty hard but seriously i just feel like everyone has a different opinion about me now.  did you read the post?
@hearted unfortunately yes at the right sidebar under &quot;trending topics.&quot; 
@heartflood    How come?
@heartfold That song by S CLUB 7. I'm missing it. 
@Heartliss Cash does not move with me anymore - our schedules are sooo different - I hardly see the homie anymore - 
@HeartMileyCyrus Don't want to talk to me 
@HeartMileyCyrus hi. i did what you said, ha, ha, she said no  i wanted to cry :'(
@HeartMileyCyrus i'm really borreeed, doing homework 
@HeartMileyCyrus i've never read the book  but yes, there were liters of tears in my eyes when i saw the movie. same with the notebook
@HeartMileyCyrus what? are you having a bad day or what? i'd help you but i dont know how. sorry? 
@HeartMileyCyrus what? i have a problem?  ?
@HeartMileyCyrus what's wrong? are you alright? 
@heartmychloe wishing you the best! I'm a nanny and I'm going to be let go at the end of summer for cheaper after school care 
@heartns0le ladybug i miss you  how you been?
@heartoceann The barn was awesoem! I missed it so much. I love it there. It's like my home. Sad to be away from it  we saw The Proposal 
@heartofwisdom Oh no!!!  That sounds very painful indeed!  So sorry!  
@heartoholic she deleted me off her clubpenguin account  I miss her, last time I talked to her was like 4 years ago.
@Hearts_Erised Oh man, that's even worse. Shitty 
@hearts_pride LOOOOOOOOOL 8lt what 3umrah :| hhhhhhhhh ;D 7amdoooooooh :| !!!! feen m5tafya! I MISS U GURL  !!
@hearts_xoxo  aw, you too? im imprisoned @ home as well          &amp; SCREW YOU FOR THE GAME.
@HeartSong01 Me too. I'm stuck here for another two hours. 
@hearttoxic i dont sleep too much in the summer. its too hot 
@heartvix you didn't go today! 
@heartxsugar Yeah. The only option is to store it or delete it 
@heartysweetie yeah i hate the hot sun too, i become tan ady, altho i find tan sexy but mine is not even  here tan there light XP
@heartysweetie yeah JJ is quiet now. ha! i know you all are missing me LOL! sorry ya my internet is still down. someone stole the cable 
@heathab &amp; @jclnp you guys are having too much fun without me 
@HeathBar6 I know   It's my fault that I arrived late ... but I had a great time anyway. Definitely looking forward to next week
I hate it when you just want to relax and people won't get out of your house  Its starting to look like a squat in here
i hate it when you miss some of your show and then you dont know whats going on 
I hate it when you shower and when you shampoo your hair, and then suddenly, the water turns hot. YOU CAN'T DO ANYTHING BUT BEAR IT. 
I hate it when you're uploading video and it's taking a long time - not sure if it's working. Should i start over? Be patient? 
i hate it you havent text. I also really hate that the room is spinning to bad 
i hate it.. :| i only have 45 [ i think ] friendsin pet society 
I hate Javascript.We're srudying it now in computer class.It's soo confusing especially whne you are tired.     xx
I hate johnny 
I hate jonson fang.At home. But not for long. Going to some winter hippie thing for the rest of the night. Waste of time. Ugh... 
I HATE junebugs!!!  Damned loud suckers 
I hate just laying here unable 2 sleep for hours on end.  
i hate knowing strays are out there. it makes me wanna take them in and house them all 
I hate knowing that one of my best friends is hurting and not being able to do anything about it. I feel so effing helpless. 
I hate Lakers and I'm sorry that Howard wasnt stronger in the Finals...  
I hate late night phone calls, it's always always always bad news.  
I hate laughing. I always start laugh in the wrong time 
I hate learning 
I hate leaving Maya alone 
I hate leaving the baby to cry in her crib  too much of a softy
i hate life 
i hate life and driving!!! i fucked up my car tonight 
i hate life i hate school, it's jusr sux!  so it's not like im sad enough my parents start you yell at me? i hate it! :[
I hate life nd the ppl in mi life 
I hate lines omg  i'll be here forever
I hate lines. They suck. 
I hate listening to Ella cry but she really needs to go to sleep 
I hate living here. With a passion. 
I hate living sooo far away  from my favorite side of the family 
I hate lonely bed 
I hate long boring days 
I hate long graduations.. 
i hate love right now. 
I hate macbeth 
i hate making projekts on a sunny summer day 
I hate making wiggles refrences around non wiggle friends 
I HATE math  Robyn got her phone taken off so we can't text  x
i hate math. hate hate hate hate. math 
i hate maths, it causes major headaches 
I hate me back it's sore 
i hate me.  i ruined things because i didnt know what to do and now he hates me 
I hate MIAMI DADE HIALEAH CAMPUS! Ugh! Soooo effing disorganized! Big ups to the North Campus though! Back to UF in 4 days 
i hate migranes. ouchy 
I hate missing out on things, because they might not (and probably won't) happen again.  btw this is my 700th tweet. Whoop-de-fucking-do.
I hate Mondays  I hate dropping Michael off to go back to Tim's
I hate mondays ughhh its gonna b a really long day 
I hate Mondays!  Simples assim...  
I hate Mondays!!!!!!!!!  pretty bad day!
I hate mondays, especially when I have work 
I hate mondays, just got done cooking dinner.  So tired after helping family with their roof still not done. Same old me.
I hate mondays,nothing good comes out of them which means my bday will suck its in 2 wks on a monday 
i hate mondays. 30 days of school left till summer vacation 
i hate mondays.. 
I hate Mondays.....I hate getting up early.... Good Morning 
I hate money  its payday but I'm gonna be broke by tomorrow.
I hate money. For real.  and I'm so tired of being sick
I hate mornings 
I hate mornings, 
i hate mornings. Even friday mornings. Wish i wasn't so tired.... 
i hate mornings. they suck a lot 
I hate mother nature right now.  
i hate motion sensors, everytime the tube over my head switches off, my TL comes to check whether i am sleeping... #Fail 
I hate my 7.30AM class  It's incredibly UNGODLY to have a class at that time.
i hate my ahir todaaay, is so cold, and i feel alone u u . want this year end 
i hate my allergy  specially today..
I hate my back. 
I hate my bad moods. 
I hate my birthday. One year older again. 
i hate my blackberry SO MUCH 
I hate my car! 
I hate my car.  
i hate my computer...it won't download the touch pad driver and the usb ports suck.... 
I hate my DVD recorder, it didn't tape #obsessed, gonna catch missed episode online then play #sims3, it's Looking like more rain today 
I HATE my emotions 
I hate my friend boys and their stupid rugby/soccer games 
i hate my friends.. or rather, i hate that they're 3.5 hrs away... wish i could go to owensboro tomorrow ...  miss you guys.
I hate my fucking heart 
i hate my hair, i needs somehting being done with it  x
I hate my hair. 
I hate my house  it's so little and nasty now.
I hate my iPhone sometimes 
i hate my ipod its being a piece of crap! 
I hate my job  Anyone wanting design, web development or any other arty work please let me know so I can leave here.
i hate my job well i got to get ready to pick up peter  bye shoprite: i hate my job well i got to get ready to.. http://tinyurl.com/ln7k58
i hate my job! i need a new one. 
I hate my job. I love the people, I just hate what I have to do. 
I hate my job....i want monies....and eating sometime today would be really  awsome too. Empty bar empty wallet and empty belly 
I hate my legs 
I hate my life (8) okay i wouldn't go that far but this day is official the worst day of my life 
i hate my life big time its sooo poop gode i ould cry 
i hate my life in naples.  god help me.
i hate my liiiiiiiiiiiiife, aaand my boob hurts 
I hate my locker  BAKIT SA SUPER BABAA DAYA :|
I HATE MY MOM  whos with me??
I HATE MY MUM. she said i could go to taylor yesterday, and now she said No 
i hate my neighbors... they have a frog  and it sounds as if he is sitting under my window
I hate my nose 
I HATE MY PAIN !!!! IT MAKES ME SO SAD  I HATE HAVING TO DEPEND  ON MEDICATIONS!!!! I WISH I DIDN'T !!!
i hate my pale scottish skin! burnt already  lol
i hate my pc... need a new one!! 
I HATE MY PHONE!! to all of you who send me messages, im not ignoring, i  cant respond! 
i hate my section  still sick..
i hate my skin. seriously. some people hate their hair, some people hate their height. but i'd give anything for nice skin. 
I hate my teacher, why do I have to study and memorise and waste my time while its summer and I'm on vacation  I need to change my life!
I hate my tendency to take online anger so seriously. That's why I feel guilty for just about everything.  #dontyouhate
I hate my trainer!! he's a bitch and is making me go when i'm up this late. 
I hate myself 
I HATE MYSELF FOR SPAMMING  #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb
i HATE myself rite now HORIBLE person ova here! 
I HATE Myself Soooo Much Right Nowwww 
i hate new pillows! they make my neck hurt 
I hate nextel...those stupid phones dont ever have service! so now im COMPLETELY alone for the weekend  grreeeeaattt.
I hate nightmares!!!! 
i hate niley. 
I hate no call/no show clients 
I hate no-email days...  But I love days where there is cake. And there is cake today! x
I hate nosebleeds... Especially right out of the shower 
i hate not being able 2 sleep. i couldnt sleep until 8am 
I hate not being able to easily take pills. I have to trick myself into swallowing them 
I hate not being able to fall asleep!!!! Grrr 
I hate not being able to find things on the internet. Ticked. 
I hate not being able to sleep 
I hate not bringing my ipod to school 
I hate not closing on time 
I hate not having a job 
i hate not having a phone 
i hate not having an appetite. 
i hate NOT having internet for several weeks 
I HATE Not having my laptop 
i hate not talking to you, and the fact that you'll probably never forgive me... 
I hate numbers. I really, really do. 
I hate O2 - they are evil  Stupid iphone.... nothing but trouble!
I hate OG, they aren't under wireless@sg therefore no wifi. strength = 1  talk to me, I'm loner ahaha
I hate on-calls for than I hate kids. 
I HATE ONIONS 
I hate only having 1gb ram to use as host and 1gb for Virtual Machine  Sucks so much
i hate optics! [i didn't pass the exams in the lab  ]
i hate optus.  There bad vibes broke my sim card 
I hate orals!!! Language oral exams are so hard   http://twitpic.com/68vwe
I hate our student teacher, mrs. rolls 
I hate packing  But holidays 2moro so im excited... xoxo
i hate packing.. Makes me realize i own so much useless crap that i dont wanna throw away.. 
i hate pageant week 
i HATE panic attacks 
I hate Paris when its raining 
i hate party themes they are so annoying i have no idea what i want mine to be argh 
I hate pathetic people. I'm such a hater.  Too bad IDONTGIVEAFUCK.
i hate pathmark, it is evil 
I hate paying all my bills at 1nce, it feels good but watching your account plummet due to all the ach's at once hurts 
i hate peeling 
i hate peoople SOOO muchhh   
i hate people   
i hate people in the northern hemisphere! summer holidays for thos losers 
i hate people in the northern hemisphere! summer holidays for those losers 
I hate people that judge my tweets  !
I HATE PEOPLE WHO STEAL!!!!! 
i hate people who steal. give me back my purse. im so overwhelmed with everything that was stolen 
I HATE people!!! 
I hate physics  ... my teacher give me extra homework on the thing i didn't do my complete my homework for in the first place :@ !!!X
I hate pictures. That's why I'm always the one taking them . Much to the disagreement of Jack who is a photo diva. None of me in Hawaii 
i hate pimples!!!  can somebody tell how to make it dissapears from our face??!!! its hurt..,,
I hate pimples, I hate my sister for jinxing me and my once flawless skin 
I hate playing guitar with sweaty palms. 
I hate playing Mission Impossible --- love 007..
i hate plucking my eyebrows 
i hate polapremium's stinky â‚¬15 shipping cost   
I hate pop quizes! They should be illegal. Now I really hate this stats class... 
I hate posting to a yahoo group and then being the last message in the digest. happened 3 times today 
I hate prank calls. I've gotten 3 in less than a week 
I hate presentations 
I hate procrastination 
I hate public transportation 
I hate puking. 
i hate raaaain! 
I hate rain carnt believe the weather is like this again 
I HATE RAIN!!!!!!!!...IT CANCELLED OUR TRIP!!!!!!!!!!    
i hate when you wake up early because you had a bad dream and cant fall back asleep 
i hate when you wake up from a really really good dream and realize it was all just a dream. 
I hate when you wash a vintage dress and  it comes out fab except weird things happen to it, like the lining grows bigger 
I hate when your almost asleep, like any second and your out and then u get a text message. Awake again. 
I hate when your texting someone at 3am, and they are the only person keeping you awake, and they stop texting you/fall asleep 
I hate Windows.  I miss my lovely Ubuntu   I'm such a nerd haha
I hate winter sometimes. I like it when I'm in bed and warm but I'm getting sick now.  I'm frustrated with my nose. lol bloody colds!!
I hate winter.... 
I hate work. Its so busy and I've still 3 hours left 
i hate workin in the hood. i wanna smoothie 
I hate workin the weekend 
i hate working 
i hate working 40 hrs 
I hate working all weekend 
I hate working at the hospital, saving lives gets old 
i hate working on such a nice day  oh well, we'll probably go out to the beach!
i hate working on sundays...especially mother's day! 
I hate working with this kid so so so so much 
I hate working! Someday I'll get away from this place...If bitch and moan all the way there, I shouldn't be there 
I hate worRrkkkk ughhhh I'm tired tooooo 
i hate writing essays 
i hate writing papers. fml.  *attempts to write two paragraphs by noon* wish me luck..
I hate writing papers... about a poem... when it's nice outside. 
I hate ya'll, yes, you heard me, i said &quot;ya'll&quot;, for not taking me to the movies! 
I hate you  that's the kind of crowd I want to hang with
I hate you banana that guy is hot  lol you suck you sexy person thing lol
I hate you brain  big stupid gay dream. blaaaaah.
i hate you computer for blockin my imternet 
I hate you Harry Potter, you fucking whiny little goth fuck...
I hate you Internet Explorer 8, Just when I thought I I had worked out IE, ohhh no it throws another spanner in to the works  #rage
i hate you, weather. I have a whole weekend and it's way too cold for the beach. 
i hate you. not him, but YOU 
i hate youtube and their maintenance  i'm so sad
I hate youtube commenting! 
I hate, hate, hate my phobia. Can't sleep, gonna have bee nightmares. 
I HATED Da Vinci Code!
i hated geography, was well boring lol. then again pharmaceutical science is too hard  lol. any plans for the night or just chill out? x
Hiiyah wats everyone doin? talk 2 me im so bored + no1 on bebo  and my picture wont go up lol mayb cause am to ugly haha oj x
hijacking @zackgoulet's supercool mac to do some tweeting. @kileydorton i miss you bro.  
Hike cancelled  But i am going my a motorcycle ride into the mountains. How far? Dont know! I have all day now 
Hike in jeopardy  One member has had food poisoning!
Hike was fun  Kids woke up early from afternoon nap   Back outdoors again 
Hiking Mt.Psi, even though it's not very nice out today 
hiks. abinya sakit 
hiks. sedih. aaaaaaaa 
hiks....my finger got be squeezed by drawer....now i must type with 9 fingers....huhuhuhu 
hiks..hiks.. ujian ku remedi semua... 
Hikssss..  no good. No good at all..
Hilary Clinton broke her elbow haha. I mean...  not funny.
Hill finale..so sad 
Hillary broke her elbow!  Get better soon, Madam Secretary! http://tinyurl.com/mdkjfh
Hills Finale  LC get some sense and go back to ur $60,000/episode! What, u think people r going to buy your clothes??!
hills finale!! im not liking this kristin girl from the comemrcials she looks like trouble.. sad laurens leaving 
Hills was Amazeing. Cant wate till next season In the fall. Mtv movie awards now. Despretally wishing i was there. Dam flu.  
hillsong tom. night, and dad's birthday! i wish i could see him on his bday though. 
hilo on my mind 
Hint. Don't use the local Australian version of Bing when you try it (change it to US) - seems many features are missing for us 
@HeathCastor I dunno? I never been to a club. No joke. I know. Tragic. I'm strange. I've done the night life style. 
@HeathCastor I gotta find a 2nd income 
@HeathCastor no &quot;Step Back in time&quot;  
@HeathE2003 i wish you could come! maybe you can hop on Zack's flight..we just won't have a fam vaca tee for you...  haha
@heathenshearth hey hun... nuffin good about this morning 
@heathenshearth yes, i've had fevers from them before.. and it could be poss. that that's what i have too... guess we'll see 
@heather_a_11 You never told me you were going away so soon...  Have fun though!
@heather_cooper its sooo harddd 
@Heather_Glam I'm just joking. You know that right, sweetheart? 
@Heather_Heinz poor baby 
@Heather_LeFey Just realized that I misspelled &quot;art director&quot; when replying to your post. *horrified look* 
@heatherallen1 bahhh damn them and their money grubbing 
Hint: don't eat a cupcake soaked in champagne. Not good. 
Hip dysplasia, it seems, poor Bubble. 
HIP HOP 2DAY IS SO FAR GONE.....I TRULY MISS IT 
Hip Hop festival.........  Why do I have to miss it???!!! Nooooo !!!!
Hip hurts so bad tonight 
Hip just clicked i'm so old 
Hip pain (running injury) gone from bad to worse. Time for pt. 
Hip pain turned my 4.5 hour ride into a 1.5 hour ride   there's always tomorrow... http://myloc.me/2Nkt
Hiroshima today!  Weather's gonna suck for the next couple days tho 
His beauty &amp; butterskotch complxion was blingin N all its brillance as he walked twards me. Then I saw his 3 kids and no ring 
his flight left at 7; the orginally time i woke up was 5;24; texted him until 6;50. im gonna miss him 
his heart said not me 
His last game of regular season is Sunday, so that means I don't get much of his time for a hot minute.   Can't wait for August!
his last week next week 
his mind is going around and round. stressed abit. 
His new track for Mission Impossible 3 is probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
his not coming online  i think i'll just wait a little bit longer..
histo unit 6 exam 
history assignment  waaaahhh. internet finally working again. happpy much
history coursework time 
History essey  ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHH !
history exam + French listening exam = death by GCSEs 
history exam was horrible 
History exam... Wish me luck, I hate Nationalism and suck at it 
History final   i'm scared.
History final finished! Now that's is over and done with, i feel better. But i still have english and geometry finals monday 
History hurts my head 
History in two days. still need to learn half the course  i hate the past !
History now  school is pish.. Byebye D; x
history project 
History revision is just upsetting! 
history was ok but french was just awful 
historyyyy is gay gay gayyy 
Hit a bird this morning on the way to church.  I braked to miss it, but he was flying right at me.
hit a deer last night on the way home from the drive-in. That's 2 claims in 3 months, neither of which were my fault. 
Hit a new low today.  Id rather clean cat litter all day than be at work.  And my cats have atomic poops.  Wish i was @e3 
hit a wall after being up 23 hours 
Hit a woodpeaker on my way to work 
Hit every damn red light on the way 2 work...had 2 take babygirl her ds 2 school so no time for breakfast...&amp; I'm STARVIN...! 
Hit LA - WTF there's like rain here! Flight good but I had a bad headache for 2/3rds of it  Going to nap a bit before getting lunch.
Hit my first bump @ uni this year.  
Hit my hand too hard on the table playing a card game. My thumb is purple... 
Hit 'n run. Poor Kelsey  I swear, none of my friends will ever come over again cause they'll be afraid someone will smash their car.
Hit the &quot;upgrade&quot;-button for my Wordpress and it deleted every file it could on the whole server. I'm in shock. Years of blogging gone. 
hit the curb with the car today. now steering wheel is flubby... rain on top. What a start of the week. 
Hit the shower, then go meet a client in Pulogadung... prepare for traffic jam... 
Hit the snooze button one too many times this morning- today is going to be &quot;one of those days&quot; 
hit the stick on my chip and didn't go in!  four pars to start. @golferwriterguy
Hit two stores looking for an additional umbrella for the patio.  No luck.  
Hit up Gruv and Malaia last night...fun spots! What up DJ Havoc! Huuuuuungova  
Hit virgins 15Gb cap  speed limit imposed. 280kb/s max 
hittin the pillow... bed feels sooo empty with out my king in it 
I hate rain. To all rain lovers, sorry. I hate getting wet. Be gone by Monday! Don't want to get soak while commuting. 
I hate rainy days  esp whene im stuck at work!
I hate rainy days. 
i hate rainy weather  it makes u so tired!
I hate reading everyone's tweets 16 hours after they tweeted 
I hate realizations sometimes. 
I hate reloading all of the Cydia applications after an upgrade.  
I hate re-reading tweets that I post from my b-berry with mis-spellings and I can't delete and repost from my phone 
i hate reruns of talk shows 
I hate residental golf courses. You get wirhin 30ft of a tee box with a golf cart &amp; they call saying you are parked on tee  box 
I hate revising when the sun comes out and I'm stuck inside  
I hate revising, only one more exam left! Then yet more highers to do in 6th year... 
i hate revising. i want to go sit in regents and get some sunnnn 
I hate revision. BUT... there is no but. i just HATE revision. There is no upside 
I hate RL drama...  IC drama, awesome, RL... totally not.
i hate robin hood. why did alan have to die?  but the really cool sheriff's back! wooo! so i still love it!
I hate roller coaster rides so why did I just put myself in the midst of another one. Let my guard down again 
I hate routine and i'm finding myself caught in one which i'm finding ever so dreadful 
I hate rude people.. 
I hate running late... tht means no break 
I hate rusty water days 
I hate sandals. 
I hate saying goodbye  I'm miserable
I hate saying goodbye to friends  
I hate scary dreams that keep you up 1/2 the night  ... but found this http://dream.dictionary-dream.info/ ... very interesting
i HATE scheduling classes and i absolutely HATE school!  why can't we all be born with a college education and stay home and enjoy life.
I hate school  .GiveMeSexy.&lt;3
i hate school but gotta find a way to make me like it..  if not..i will be stupid. lol
i hate school! the time is just rushing by when you are sitting inside all day long 
I hate school!! next week's the last week of school... I'm gonna miss you all, guys... 
I hate school. Can i go home!  
I hate school.. everyones done but me.. til 9th july.. happiness 
i hate science, they're always made me wanna cry  now i'm listening do it by nelly furtado
I hate secrets  Even more when I am one
I hate seeing a semi final go to penalty kicks......  
I hate sephora. I spend way too much money there 
I hate shaving. I miss the days before puberty with my little peach fuzz . good times... if i dont shave. I start to look like a bum 
hittin the sheets... alone again  @ Cypress Gardens Ln &amp; Forest Walk Dr http://loopt.us/B1DMhg.t
hittin up th3 city I guess sulivans tonit3...th3n home sle3py time missin @jaymoneyallpro 
Hitting low point in cold (hopefully!) what a pain 
hitting oklahoma joe's for KC BBQ at its best. er, couple things wrong w/ this picture: 1) KC BBQ place named Okla. 2) dining alone. wahh 
hitting the gym first thing in the morning means getting to bed early, too bad my laundry takes forever 
hitting the gym!  its bout time
Hix, bi 1 ban gay attracted 
hix, is tweeterbus a kind of virus?  oa oa
hiy fellow twitters, sorry its been a while but my leg is still hurting a lot... not sure why but think its getting worse   how r we all?
Hiya @rickedwards1sorry if I offended you last week, I'm a loathsome person 
hiya all am in home today as i have the flu  so i get the day off skull 
Hiya all, had to visit the doc this morning got a notice to say im unable to work 
hiya ppl follow me as i dont have many m8s on twitter  x i am watching telly but need 2 go 2 bed earlyier 2day as have school 2mox  x
Hiya, I forgot say G'night last night 
hiya...my legs hurt so much, I can't describe it...it's awful 
hj fui tomar meu cafezinho e nada dos cadetes...  excellent company for my morning chat!
HK really isn't my body's favourite place  allergies AND nosebleeds are back. blerghh
hlf of my keybord dont work... sooo nnoying .. cnt red it cn u?? 
hm i'm happy but i want to join drama practice today ! 
hm youtube won't let me upload my video  somebody help ;)
hm, i still can't sleep ..and being somewhat sick isn't helping that fact  not to mention my back and neck kills, grr .
hm, my firefox just doesnt want to start anymore  now using opera
Hm, Rashard used to do that all the time in SEATTLE! We miss the Sonics here  I had my WestCoast package (Lower-level)........ whomp whomp
hm, what i do today? nothing, uhul! very very very very cold 
Hm, Work at 9-6 with a 30 min lunch break. While my boyfriend is going to test drive and might get a lotus. Thanks responsibility. Ugh 
hm. Ashley Tisdale,Jonas Brothers ,Demi Lovato follower-me  REALLY? I DONT KNOW 
Hm. Have you ever realized how incredibly over-rated Tokio Hotel is becoming? It makes me sad. 
Hm. Party plans are off.  not sure what to do with the evening now.
hm.. if only we can rewind life 
HM.. maybe the before link is bad..  #iranelection
Hm.. Oh man, it just hit me!! - I'm not going to England the next 2 years or so..  dang! I love England xx
Hm... shut down my comp at 11 last night, woke up on my bed fully clothed at 3.  And now it's 9 and I'm awake for class! But no cereal. 
Hm... wondering why i have bad hair days when i go to school, and have good hair days when its a holiday. IT AINT FAIR! 
hm...i cant seem to get my direct mssgs i click on it and nothing shows up...weird so srry if i dun get bak to ya 
Hm...still thinking about Drew Seeley's call...sad that my bestfriends r leaving me 
hm...still workin on my contract.hmm...i'm feelin awful.. 
Hm..what to do? Watch a documentary? Play Patapon 2? Or read The Alchemyst? I can't watch Avatar coz my sister isn't home yet. 
hmailserver is driving me crazy.  and now it's almost 330.  i have to wak up in 2 1/2 hours 
hmf, school tomorrow  dyed my hair black and changed my fringe :-| x
hmh i have allergies  i cant wait to go to the beach with my family, and my best friend, i miss vivi terribly, she cant be with me the
Hmm , .. the singing practise was canceled today  . But i got home earlier !  . Also , gonna get a bad bad grade on the math test..:/
Hmm ... the greenified version of my icon looks ugly 
Hmm :S Okay, 2.2.1 is still the latest version 
hmm @buysellads is following me and to think, they declined thehodge.co.uk for inclusion into there network 
Hmm Adam Lambert's new/actually old song sounds like The Bangles. Come on, make some new rockin' hits! 
Hmm all my hours just got cut and my sunglasses broke  hope this means something good is about to happen for me
Hmm am thinking its not easy to take good pics with the iphone, times like this I miss my samsung  well a little(!) lol
hmm at work, bored 
Hmm can't access Sweetest Goodbyes   The Coppermine Gallery is erroring!
Hmm can't sleep. Watching a movie.. The boy in the stripped pjs. Hopefully I don't cry 
hmm chocolate cake XD gonna pig out tonight to make up for not pigging out last night because there was no food 
Hmm does the fact that I'm cold and it's 81 mean I'm getting sick? Plus I'm a little woozie and feel throw uppie  fuck
hmm doesn't know whether to beg for presale tickets. and risk being told no. or wait till Friday for Manson tickets.  help?
hmm duno what to do 2day im really bored  one more test to go thanks gaaad! watched the hole last night, jeeze Liz is a phsco bitch! haha
Hmm funny dream... And its STILL raining!? 
hmm have to wait at least another 45 minutes for a possible response  good thing i know patience lol
I hate shifting cube  
i hate shopping with my mom...i NEVER find anything 
I hate sitting at home 
I hate sitting in the back seat all by myself   http://twitpic.com/6v5xf
I hate sleeping alone 
I hate sleeping for two hours then being wide awake.  Knowing full well I'll be exhausted when I need to actually be up and doing stuff 
I hate sleeping in a totally dark room. It scares meee. 
I hate sleeping in hot houses. Wish i was in my bed 
I hate sleeping in so late 
I hate snapping at my mom 
i hate sodding goodbyes. tomorrow's gonna be hard. 
I hate sorry ass family members grandma I'm sorry u sick and I love u lots  pray. For my granny betty she needs it
I hate spam  It's getting smarter. Blog comments are no longer from &quot;HKshdfJhwUh,&quot; but now from real names w/ msgs that almost make sense.
i hate spending money when its my own. i need a damn job 
I hate SPRINGshowers._____rainRAIN go away! 
I hate starting my weekend with a trip to the chiropractor.  I'm too young to have a bad back.  
I HATE STAYING HOME. 
i hate stomachaches!!! 
i hate storms  i woke up to to the sound of hail hitting the house, i thought my room was gonna cave in on me
I hate storms!  
I HATE STORMS!! 
I HATE STUDENT FINANCE!!!!!!!!! it is so god damn confusing 
i hate studying  i could cry cuz im so bored
i hate studying  psyche final tomorrow, TWO MORE...then I'm officially a senior...yessss
i hate studying for exams, but i have to or else i'll fail...  In other news, ap chem is still on... yay
I hate studying for exams, but if I want to stay at the super-expensive school I am currently going to, I guess I have to study hard... 
i hate studying for finals. i am hunger. the closest 24 hours subway is like 20 exits down i35  I JUST WANT THIS WEEK TO BE OVER.
i hate studying, and today is a really nice day and i have to sudy , i want to watch hannah montana 
I HATE STUDYINGGGG WHEN ITS WARM OUTSIDEEE 
i hate stupid boys! arrgh 
i hate summer 
I hate summer because it makes me so lazy aka i wanna go out and be a party animal 
I hate sunburn  the kids are gonna love beating me up tonight!
i hate sunday bus service  trying to get to town for more stationery when really all i want to do is curl up and sleep *whimpers*
I hate sunday mornings 
I hate sunday nights 
i hate sunday nights anymore. 
i hate sundays because i think of mondays which means a new week of school 
i hate sundays theres never nothing to do 
I hate Sundays. Bloody bored now, secretly dying inside 
I hate Symbolic Logic! This crap makes me wanna quit school!  Screw Modus Ponens, Modus Tollens, &amp; PROOFS cause I'm goin shoppin!
I hated Michiru because *I* wanted Haruka. 
I hated Mission Impossible..
i hatee ayesshaa she suckkss 
i hatee exams  only four more left CANNOT wait!!!  â™¥
I hateee back to work on mondays after awesome weekends  but I gotta finish my project at the office 
I hateee being ignore 
i hateee hayfever! can't go outside cos my eyes are sore and keep watering 
I hateee my computer. I want a Macbook so bad  geez, im desperate to turn 16 &amp; go find a job!
i hateee tidying my rooom 
I HATEEEEE AMERICAN HISTORY FINALSSSSS!!!! ITS WORST THAN ALGEBRA 2  my brain's not fit for this crap.. -_-
I hateeeee it when me and my bestestest's don't see eye to eye...  
i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers!!!!! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and its only 3 in the afternoon!! 
I hatehateHATE spiders and a giant one just crawled past me. Everyone's in bed and that thing is going to get me. I'm ridiculously scared 
I haterrr mosquitoooosss. 
I hatezz working 
i hatte the love...in my case the love doesnt exist, the people who told me that love me only want sex &amp; after that toll me see you bye 
I hav a cold  and I'm goin to Paris in 3 days any tips people to get rid of a cold - lyk fast!
i hav a fat toungue 
i hav flies in my room 
i hav jus had my feeling hurt 
I hav just got up. Didnt want to get out of bed 
I hav learned expectation only leads to disappointment 
I hav my Exam tomm...  n going Panvel  to write the xam. But, not even studied a single chapter also  
i hav to miss fencing cuz of scouts 
i have  a load of syrup in my hair 
I have &quot;the horn&quot; on sooooo bad today!! 
I have @lastfm on my mobile but dont know how to make it work. cry 
i have @tracecyrus disorder. i can not sleep! i stay up all night and wanna snooze all day  grrr
I have 1 hour left to pack my Brum house into boxes  
I have 1 spare ticket for Hard Rock Calling, 26th June, Â£50 inc booking fee. Please buy it off me! 
I have 1 week to catch up on 11 weeks of French work 
I have 12 minutes left of being a teenager. 
I have 2 catch a later bus  I almost burst n2 tears. Its been nearly a week since I've seen my babies. I just want 2 go home. very sad
Hmm homework and shit man 
hmm i dont see stars 2nite 
hmm i give up 
Hmm i guess i won't be watching wall-e lil bro wants the incredible hulk instead. 
Hmm i hate @barbsrad a little today since she got her tattoo and now I REALLY wanna get the swallows on each of my arm  Stupid being poor!
Hmm I like the new tweetdeck for iPhone. It's already crashed once however 
hmm I think Randy and Evan might go home...also that Kuppono guy or however you say his name needs to go...even though he's from Seattle. 
Hmm I wanna go out clubbing but I gots no moneys 
hmm i wish i ddnt die my hair.. 
Hmm i wish i knew how to play a synth 
Hmm i wonder what kind of lunch will be served today, im kind of hungry, and i ain't got any money, so i have to eat in school today 
hmm ill goto adelaide, ive never been there i spose, seem's kinda, odd? hmm (; no sydney for taylor this time 
hmm i'm hungry again  lol
hmm i'm like moody today...maybe because i have a bad allergy n i'm really tired after work...n also this storm is not helping me...buh 
Hmm im pretty hungry. Ill shower, eat, and then I have to clean. 
hmm im starving but i dont know what i want for breakfast!  any suggestions?
Hmm I'm thirsty for beer. But I'm too tired 
hmm italian exam at the end of today,  only 1 session with krystal:'(
Hmm its taking ages to eat 
Hmm jack the ripper is scary i just read one of his quotes its on this film 
Hmm link to BBC might not work outside of UK 
Hmm looks like the iphone is out of action for a while  Call me on work phone if you need me 07818 034392
Hmm major stomach cramps owww 
I hate T9 text 
I hate taking naps during the day...they feel good BUT I am not refreshed...had  my first nap in YEARS! hate it 
I hate talking to my dad sometimes. He just depresses me with all his negativity 
i hate tanning.  but i so desperately need it.
i hate technology...it just never wrks right 
I hate teh sun... working in the sun is nooo fun 
i hate texas its so damn HOT. i'm late running to a meeting...blah be back in a while 
i hate that california is 3 hours behind 
I hate that class, and I'm starting to hate Harry Potter too.
I HATE that corona advertisement on TV. Mostly because its winter, and it is actually from where I'd rather be 
i hate that feeling when i just *know* something, and i can't explain how or why, and it's something bad 
I hate that feeling when I'm smoking a square and then I really have to use the bathroom! 
I hate that feeling, that feeling when you want to help someone, but you just don't know how 
I hate that Gail is like this 
I hate that half your picture gets cut off on Twitter. HORRIBLE! Makes it hard to decide which picture I like. 
I hate that I am so dependent on my phone.  It's still not working and I don't know when it is getting fixed. I feel so lost without it.
I hate that I can't text in class because I don't have service 
I hate that i crack my knuckles cause im afraid when i get older i'll get arthritis 
i hate that i dont have a computer i can only use my phone n sitting here 4 someone to reply  not cool
I hate that I feel like this cus I'm not violent at all but she's really pushing me too fuckin far and I'm not takin it anymore 
I hate that I get like 3 channels on my tv  in my room now  it sucks
i hate that i have a 9am appointment tomorrow  FML
I hate that I have to work graveyard shift and leave my wife and son alone. 
I hate that I haven't had breakfast..  I hate that I have to do my make up on the train! Ohh I could write a song.. Wait Miley already ...
I hate that i havent tweeted that much today 
i hate that i lose interest in niggas so quick ; i be tryna focus but if u bore me ima jus hafta ignore ur calls forever  sorry lol
I hate that I need to tweet everything in English. :') I'm too lazy, but nobody will understand me. 
I hate that I'm always too tired to do anything. 
i hate that i'm even thinking about selling my horse 
i hate that im sick at this concert cant even watch it 
I hate that I'm the only one of my friends without a boyfriend. Fail 
I hate that it's nice and warm outside, not even hot, but inside the air conditioning is cranked to the point my toes are made of ice. 
I hate that kind of idiotic comments! 
I hate that Kristen went home  I'm reallllllllll sad
I hate that my grandma was just in the hospital... Being homesick makes falling asleep near impossible. 
i hate that my room is no longer mine 
i hate that my toilet is downstairs. 
i hate that nasty weather 
i have 2 clean my room  i think i will hire a maild or somethine
I have 2 come back home now. 
i have 2 essays and a project due tomorrow that i haven't even started... all for one  class too 
I have 2 sore eyes now  oh well off to work
i have 2 watch glenn beck at 11  cus my son was a brat earlier 
I have 3 days left of vacation and haven't gone anywhere! Waterpark here we come!..No way! What do you mean it's going to rian tomorrow?! 
i have 3 exams 2morrow - which i'm DREADING...i really can't do badly in these...they're really important 
I have 3 more minutes before i really have to get up and get ready for school!  i don't want to go to school today!
I have 4 cent left on iTunes..... 
i have 4 projects due eathier monday or tuesday.............agh, so much work 
I have 5mins left and I am just walking around linthicum aimlessly... I'm hungry 
i have 6 mins left on laptop battery  i will die soon
i have 75 pages of maternal health to read 
I have a $15,275 debt owing to the tax office for my uni degree 
I have a &quot;de-focused&quot; mind right now. And I have a very low energy. I want to go home now... But I need to train my people at 8-10pm. 
i have a 77 in spanish so if i fail the final....its bad news...i might have to re-take the semester  we dont want that!!!!
I have a bad chest cold   But I made good money tonight!
I have a bad cold, very very very bad cold 
i have a bad feeling 
I have a bad feeling about tomorrows regents cause now I have no study partner so I know I'm not gunna be focused 
I have a bad feeling I'm gonna be bailed on again tonight. 
I have a bad feeling. I had trouble falling asleep last night and then I missed yoga 
I have a bad head ache. 
i have a bad head from the heat  just heard the ice cream man too!! cant be bothered running half way down the road though
I hate that people find it fit to take over my bedroom and let the disgusting neighbor kid sleep in my bed when i'm 2 states away. 
i hate that printers don't come with a USB cord anymore... so inconvenient 
i hate that the house i'm in has increasingly-more-broken internet. feel slightly crippled! 
I hate that there's an icecream van sitting outside my house and tempting my everyday after school 
I hate that there's no buses today. 
I hate that tinytwitter doesn't have a character count ugh  ok time for laundry...
I hate that when I'm free to tweet my heart out all my UK fam are going to sleep.  Sleep well my UK tweethearts!!
I hate that when your trying to find something your sure you bookmarked but its not there 
I hate that yesterday i wore flipflops and today it's uggs. 
I hate the &quot;your mum/mom is so fat&quot; jokes! 
I hate the ASPCA commercials they make me soo sad 
i hate the biatches of this world 
I hate the bottom of trailmix bags, too many peanuts not enough raisins orrrr chocolate!! It also means the end, no more trailmix for me! 
I HATE THE CLIQUE GIRLS!!! I just found a picture of them with Strify, Shin, AND Lady Gaga  3 of my fave people with the 3 I hate most T_T
i hate the colors.... 
I hate the Da Vinci Code.
I hate the dentist 
I hate the dentist and I have to have my wisdom tooth taken out 
i hate the dentist! painful! 
i hate the dentist!!!!! 
I hate the doctors office. 
i hate the doctors office..this is ridiculous. give me medicine and send me home. i just want my bed. 
I hate the drive to cinci! My butt hurts 
i hate the end of the year 
I hate the end of Titanic. I always cry  its so good!
I hate the fact I don't have time to go out and see movies, have some fun with my friends, go to Limp Bizkit shows i'd really love to go 
i hate the fact that everytime theres a good sale it always says *US orders only. it kills me inside a little every time! lol 
I hate the fact that i dont have many followers  HINT HINT!!
I hate the fact that I look really cute going to a funeral 
I hate the fact that I'm 4.5 hours away from you tonight and tomorrow we'll be 1946 miles apart  I wish you were here (
I hate the fact that it's going to rain for the rest of forever. I need to tan! And you cant excactly do that in hte rain 
i hate the fact that i've been sitting here attempting to draw a top for my dress but can't - when it's round it is so much harder 
i hate the fact that my school is closed till thursday but im not there to enjoy it  why does it never happen to me
I hate the fact that school is on a hill ... Why didn't I get the bus? 
I hate the fact that you have to drink so much out here...i have to pee every 5 minutes. 
i hate the falsies i bought.. they look, well, false. :C  loving the new bag i bought tho cuz im depressed. 
I hate the Giver .. I caint read ANYMORE of that book 
i have a bad headache 
i have a bad headache  if its not the stomach, it's always my head! &lt;
I Have a bad heat rash all over my body!  it sucksss!!! buttt im going to be watching sum stuff and try to finish my puzzle i started!! :L
i have a bandaid on my toe 
I have a belly ache... 
I have a bird on my porch with broken legs!!!!  nearly cut off I dont know what to do with it.
I have a bit if a sunburn 
I have a blister on my foot 
I have a box full of sweet awesome new computer parts and I can't touch them... torture 
I have a broken wrist 
i have a bruise on the top of my leg from falling down the stairs at work last night... it was wet and slippery ok! its vewy sore 
I have a bruise the size of Jupiter on my knee 
i have a bruised jaw  it hurts so much but i look really hardcore lol
i have a bump on my forehead. it hurts. 
I have a bunch of TV stuff to watch, but I can't focus on anything for longer than 10 minutes. 
I have a cat hair caught in #mypenis and it's watering up and all red and puffy now. 
I have a Celine Dion song stuck in my head.    That statement is sort of a summary of how things have gone today.  Okay, not THAT bad. O:/
I have a child who is having a very, very bad day... 
I have a cold   Damn you winter!!
i have a cold  and i keep coughing when i'm tryign to write a song and oi cant sing it caus i keep coughingg erghhh 
I have a cold  anyone have a tissue
i have a cold  thanks to Montreal's stupid weather
i have a cold and a sprained thumb  ouch
I have a cold and I'm tired but can't fall asleep... not a good combination 
I have a cold woe is me 
I have a cold! o____0 
I have a cold!!, Well, side-effect of glandular fever, been sneezing alllll day about 30 times now  Its scaring the dog haha
I have a cold, AND hayfever. I feel great! 
I have a cold, it sucks dust bunnies 
I have a cold.  But I'm still using the comp!!!
I have a cold.... sooooooo anoying!!! 
I have a cold..................and i crashed Brian's car on Sat    No injuries tho thank God
hmm nothig to do!  At this point just messing around. I want to make a shirt lol maybe I will!
hmm old pic what do i do with them. well some are on facebook... eww my dog olmost gave me a shower with slime 
hmm shoe horn sonata speech due tomoz for me  ill so walk off while doing it then cry as usual
Hmm should i go to the much music video awards?? Man i really wid @souljaboytellem was performing at the awards this year 
hmm so i know of at least one person who stop following me after my 5 cent rant..i tried to DM and it said she was not following me 
Hmm still apt searchin 
hmm still sick this isn't cool the doctor asked my parents if they could return me? 
Hmm the Mac just died on me.. 
hmm these new neighbours may prove a challenge  A prayer for tolerance on my part may be for the best.
hmm thunder and lightning! I Love it! Now if only I had a tripod and shutter release for my LX3....  #fb
hmm twitter not holding my follow.. 
Hmm 've become a bit obsessed with baby treesons lately... about a year too late i guess  Does anyone have the white one wearing glasses?
hmm what shall i do 2day ??? i think am going to be bored 
Hmm what to do today...:S 
Hmm what to wear .  Its a really hard thing to decide.
hmm what will i do today? I really wanna go out 
Hmm what ya thinks? Sorry the photo is kinda dark  http://mypict.me/2dOa
hmm where did i go wrong 
hmm which makes 0*Fletcher = Awesome ... lame 
hmm wud sooo b a geisha but baby powder aint my colour 
i hate the internet. it's messing up 
I hate the iPhone 'alarm' alarm... 
I hate the london transport sometimes.  All I want to do is get home and its taking far far too long! 
I hate the midnight shift. Blah. There's not enuf time in a day 
i HATE the phone i have got HATE IT but you cant quit your contract 
i hate the picture of me but it will just have to do 
I hate the probably fake @KyleGallner account. I want some Nightmare updates 
I hate the radio when they spoil things for me about shows, i.e. Grey's Anatomy. I didn't wanna know what happened to George! 
I hate the rain  .. especially when the morning is beautiful and the afternoon turns ugly.
i hate the rain  x School Holidays Soon  x
I hate the rain it's always getting in the way  btw i miss my friends
I HATE THE RAIN no drive in I guess 
i hate the rain why?? it was so nice when we had exams... 
I hate the rain! 
i hate the rain. when will it stop? 
i hate the rain.. 
I hate the scorching sun.  I hope it rains.
I hate the smell of campfires. Boo 
i hate the sun 
I hate the sun and what it does to fair skinned people 
I hate the Sun it fools you into thinking that it is your friend then it buuuuurns!!! it hurts and now i am saaaad! 
I hate the two big ulcers on my lip  hurts a lot  - http://tweet.sg
I hate the uncertainty and anxiety of being a patient.  I'm scared.  
I HATE THE WAY I LOOK IN THE MIRROR...  
I hate the way you ignore me when the night comes 
i hate the weather 
i hate the weather here. 
I hate the weather in Taipei. It always makes me SICK. 
i hate the weather.  i even hate talking about the weather but i simply have to cause it is soooo bad. 
I hate the world today 
I hate them ad's that make you feel bad 
i hate them. and myself. how come? 
I hate these Freakin....Bugs....gotta get more spray~ 
I hate these night where all I want to do is call my mom at 3am 
I hate these words.. Girlfreind and boyfreind 
I HATE THIS . WHY? 
I hate this bit 
i hate this bloofy exams thing 
I hate this city sometimes. No power last night. ALL night. *sigh* Am so tired, it hurts when I blink 
I hate this cold it sucks. 
I hate this cold I've caught. 
I hate this crappy weather  .. I want summer! .. Now! ..
I have a concusion 
I have a confession to make, I stole that joke from @mrmadsen 
i have a confession.....i didnt work on my website today uhoh 
i have a couple of things i wanna bring for the concert tonight, but all dont fit in my pockets...and a purse it too big... 
I have a crack on my lg shine.. ahhh! 
I have a cracking headache  still, an evening of Jonathan Ross and Don't Tell the Bride should help!
I have a crap oad of things on wednesday  court,friends swimming pool party, the beach, and now the concert thing..wohoo..i guess &quot;/
I have a craving for a chocolate muffin, don't have any. I had a nightmare that I walked in on my boyfriend shagging my cousin last night 
i have a crick in my neck  is that the proper use of the word crick? Anyway i can't turn much to the rite or left! Not cool.
I have a crowded tooth 
I have a cut on my foot and it hurts really bad 
I have a damn headache. Im taking medicine so idk why im still getting them EVERY DAY. makes me angry. 
i have a dancing workshop all day today 
i have a desire to go shopping but i can't come up with anything i need to buy.  so excited to go home and watch supernatural!
I have a dilema.  Curse my logic and morality, it's not steering me towards the fun option.  
I have a dire craving for lemonade, but I just got home and don't want to go out 
i have a dissertation 
i have a feelin this wknd is gunna suck 
I have a feeling the biggest heartache is yet to come. 
I have a feeling this is going to be a long month of fighting the state &amp; insurance agencies to keep my son's services going. 
I have a feeling this movie is gonna make it to the &quot;made me cry&quot; list. I'm already devastated 
i have a feeling this weekend is going to be really boring.. and im pretty sure i can never go to the skatepark again 
I have a feeling todays going to be quite a crappy day 
I have a feeling your hiding something from me... And i think i know what it is 
I have a fever  But... I pop a couple of pills and still show up to work, cause I'm a manager!
I have a fever stomach pains and my body hurts from my neck down my feet. I don't know was wrong with me. 
i hate this day! 
I hate this feeling... 
i hate this girl!!!!! she is so materialist!!  ! please  open your eyes!!!! :'(
I hate this heat 
I hate this job with every fiber of my being 
I hate this job... 
I hate this moing out business  It stresses me out &gt;:S
I HATE THIS MONTH!!! i have got so many bad news!! 
I hate this part of night when my gf gos to sleep and i cant sleep. Fack. 
i hate this part of shottas when they kill wayne and biggs chick! 
I hate this part right here 
i hate this place 
I hate this place   roll on half five!
I hate this place. So rainy outside 
I hate this pollinosis 
I hate this rain 
i hate this time in my life; i need holidays - so i can do 22.5 hours of maths paper; fuck my life 
I hate this time of year :| No more Tv series to look out forrr. :|:| How Saaaaad. 
I hate this war! Saying goodbye to my big bro once again as he leaves to Iraq 
i hate this war, i wish that it would all just end, he's been sent over there 5 times, going on 6  
I hate this weather  i wanna bake 
I hate this weather - it makes me depressed 
I hate this weather-the sky is so bleak 
I hate this! You all start tweeting while I'm asleep and when I can tweet you all are sleep... 
i hate this!! , i dreamed with AGAIN!! its so annoyin!! , i dream with you almost everyday! , what does it mean? 
i hate this, i dont know if i am doing it proper 
I hate this. 
I hate this. I miss him already 
i hate those dreams  ....its gona be one of those days...
I hate those mornings when you wake up and you want to take some nice long conscious breaths but it aches to breathe  :/
i hate those stinkin cinemas in hk 
i hate thunder strom i have nothin to do when theres one 
i hate thunder x 156873582395823678. ugh. whyyyyy. &amp; it keeps getting louder  ! its summer dammit. geez yesterday such a nice day!
I hate thunder! 
I HATE THUNDER!! need i say more 
I hate thunderstorms and tornado watches  ugh
i hate thunderstorms... 
I hate ticketek  wont let me get @Pink tickets 
i hate tim for being in the hockey team who is competing against gosford nct week. stupid billet or wateva it is kikin me outa mah room 
I hate time zones  I've missed &quot;mustard and TCWCKG&quot; thing after Kaleb's blogtv coz I had to go to bed 
i hate tlc for ruining my favorite hour of the day. i make sure i'm awake to see say yes to the dress from 11-12. now its only at 11 
i hate to be grammatically incorrect.. but this stupid keyboard of mine isnt letting me type right so am missing out letters 
I have a fever.  
I have a fever...seriously bad idea to go out in the rain yesterday 
I have a flat tire  hopefully just a leak and i have no quarters  dia triste
I HAVE A FREAKIN HEADACHE!!!  EEEEEKKK!!! THESE PILLS I GOT 4RM @ELYSIANFIELDZ SHOULD HELP!!!
I have a freaking stomach ache from eating too much 
I have a friend I've never seen, he hides his head inside a dream. Yes, only love can break your heart 
i have a frig headache. up at 8am tomorrow to wait for the internet guy. and exam revision 
I have a funny feeling i forgot deodorant this morning. Sorry in advance to anybody within miles of me today 
i have a gammy eye this morning 
i have a giant scratch on my back  i slide down a hill..
I have a gigantic headache. 
I have a god damn blood blister on my finger from taking apart stuff 
i have a grey hair in my goatee...  im old  
I have a hangover 2 day! I don't want to be @ work 
I have a hangover and I didn't even go to sleep yet...   My head is achy.
I have a hardened arm 
i have a head ache... 
i have a headace  going to take somthing and it the hay!! night!!
I have a headach from looking into the microscope  looking at like 100 slides.. Ahhh I wanna go home already
I have a headache 
I have a headache   and I don't want to be around people today...
i have a headache  and i have youth 2nite, ohh nooo i dont want to be down in the dumps 4 youth =[
i have a headache  completed 2 full hours of solid science revision!! why can't saturday swing around a bit quicker?!
i have a headache  gonna watch BB quiz again in a mo.
I have a headache  hmmm
i have a headache  it hurts.
I have a headache  stupid hot weather!
I have a headache  the hotel party wasnt even intense last night :/
I have a headache  the hotel party wasnt even intense last night :\
I have a headache  too much sun me thinks..  had a rounders match after school, we won 20-12   Im getting... http://tinyurl.com/qcsj7g
I Have a Headache ..ughh 
I have a headache again. 
Hmm! Attempt to sleep failed  now trying to concentrate on reading! Have to be up at 6!
Hmm, @carfullofpandas makes a good point. Do we really want to go to Canmore what with all the snow &amp; thus bad roads etc? 
hmm, about to leave milwaukee 
hmm, anyone else have their iPhone's earphones' grey rubber disintegrating? 
Hmm, bloody manchester weather seems to have found us 
Hmm, CSSEdit documentation says Go to Line should be &quot;Apple+L&quot; but then I get the preview windows instead  Anyone who can help? #CSSEdit
Hmm, dane is super angry at me                                 im sucha doofus.
hmm, do not feel like writing monthly reports tonight!  probably should get started though...
hmm, FileZilla doesnt support multitab view  #fb
Hmm, for some reason SoundCloud's player doesn't seem to be working for me in Safari 4... 
Hmm, had first pizza in ages and feel a bit sick now  That'll teach me!
Hmm, half-drunk, I've been led into a Barnes &amp; Noble...this could be costly. 
hmm, i hate rain 
Hmm, I think my tweet failed? 
Hmm, I thought daddy was giving me milk. But I think I'm seeing double. And how can I get rid of these hickups  http://twitpic.com/3l7pb
hmm, I'm bored :/ and I want to go out 
Hmm, I'm off to revise some and then reward myself with a Scrubs marathon. Seems such a waste of a nice day  Might play some b-ball later
hmm, is wondering when she passed out last night. i dont like waking up in jeans not comfy  getting ready for work.
hmm, it's the weekend, transformers tonight, if only i could locate phil, all would be well! 
Hmm, meeting at 13h00. Ugh! Needs presentations. 
Hmm, my Twitter application isn't working.  Neither is my web browser. I'm so diconnected from the world!!
i hate to bitch about reliance!! but i get ZERO COVERAGE in British Council!!!!! had NO coverage in my phone whole of last evening!! 
I HATE TO CALCULATE $$$!!!  Hate SIMPLE INTEREST &amp; COMPOUND INTEREST!!! luckily am not POA student... harder than amaths de trigonometry..
I hate to do it but I believe it is time to start the unfollow, ban, and block routine on a few people.    Trust is a big thing for me.
I hate to do this but...I'm cancelling L2 class tonight. Still hella sick! 
I hate to hear multiple drivers talk about how they hate racing (or lack there of) like this.... 
I hate to lose 
I hate to say it, but it is Labour's fault that the BNP are making gains  #eu09
I hate to say this but I HATE the morning rush hour on the train. Too close for comfort. Let me be a man 
I hate to see my Cavs get eliminated. 
I hate to see parents cry when their kids move out. Makes me think of how my parents felt the 1st time i moved out. 
I hate to wait at polyclinique!! It's so long and of course it's so great outside 
I hate to wake up in the mid of the nite and then cant go back to bed..sucks 
I hate to wash my hair  it smells so nice but looks terrible hah
i hate today  fathers day is always shit.
I hate today. It has been fucking horrible. I hate my fucking mother. The computers overheating. 
i hate traffic jam + rush hour 
I hate traffic!! makes my friends late to dinner and me alone in eastwood 
I hate traffic!!!! ANTÄ° TRAFFÄ°C 
I hate translating 
I hate trying to forget about people    &gt; 
i hate trying to get dressed nicely. everything looks awful 
I hate trying to swallow tablets 
i hate tuesdays  So tired and got a class in 1 hour
I hate Tumblarity since it keeps dropping cause I don't have time to update my blog 
I hate TweetDeck when it reaches access limits 
I hate twitter  all me tweets are doubling &amp; tripling D:
I hate twitter because i get txts and get excited but then its just a twitter update and no one wanta to talk to me.   
i hate twitter now. ppl stalk here 
I hate twitter right now.....well mostly Mikes tweets..... 
i hate twitter so much  i cant update on mileyloverx3 anymore 
I hate tyona -_- I wanted allison to win! 
I hate typos 
i hate unpleasant people... oh... is that a contradiction? inokea ... life's too short to be rude 
I hate uploading photos. Facebook's being a bitch, and I have 600 photos just sitting on my hard drive. Dot dot sad swish. 
Hmm, no holiday for me..  oh well, lotsa parties to attend.. might visit Yall... Where is Yall?
Hmm, not much of a run log anymore. Too lazy  Ok, update: Wk 1: 35.1mi, Wk 2: 46.6mi. Just did 10 more @7:08: http://tinyurl.com/ltgp8h
hmm, rainy weekend, how nice... 
Hmm, seems the changes @twitter made to appease the #fixreplies crew have royally pooched the system 
Hmm, the rumour that Iphone OS3.0 is already available isn't correct, the link refers to the 3Gs version of the OS3.0, so useless 
hmm, this spymaster thing seems to have passed me by. People want me to play, and I've requested an invite but no joy yet  #spymaster
Hmm, today #asot is... just boring... 
Hmm, top 4 places to live: 4) Vancouver, Canada 3) Geneva, Switzerland 2) Zurich, Switzerland and #1) Vienna, Austria...where's NYC?? 
Hmm, turns out the Kings arent on that  Sorry if I got anyones hopes up!! Time to listen to Live shows on Ipod me thinks....
hmm, went to the gym for the first time in over a week an only stayed for 30mins 
Hmm, working at office today 
Hmm,I should be helping my Boss &amp; Co-worker but I think i'm just going to chill!lol!Sorry 
Hmm,petted @Oliver_The_Cat and felt his bones entirely too much all over his body  eating habits still not good,hmm
Hmm. Clearly all the cute NIHers work in buildings that are NOT the Clinical Center. Sad for me. 
hmm. i feel better, than i dont. i feel better than i dont... 
hmm. I'm disappointed. I made 2 servings, and I am only able to enjoy one because my stomach is now full  wishing I had company to help.
hmm. i've been abandoned by everyone.  everyone went to sleep. fuck.
Hmm. I've got cut copy &amp; paste but I don't know what to do it for. Must be useful for something 
hmm. kinda disappointed  feeling rather lefted out. but dats ok. im running on a million cups of coffee and gilmore girls yay
I have a headache and can't  seem to get rid of it 
i have a headache and im tired 
I have a headache and period cramps even though i'm not on my period 
i have a headache and the cold 
I have a headache brewing 
I have a headache from staring at a computer screen/taking notes all day 
i have a headache from sucking the helium out of all the balloons. 
I have a headache from work 
I have a headache in the worst way 
I have a headache now. I think I stayed up too late. 
I have a headache that won't go away 
I have a headache this morning 
I have a headache! 
I HAVE A HEADACHE!! 
I have a headache, a headache that has been with me for a week! Can't get rid of it... Great. And been going to bed real early lately 
I have a headache, and I need a ride to Houston tonight  http://twurl.nl/vac0i5
I have a headache, argh 
I have a headache, feeling dizzy &amp; my eyes are sore.  hope I'll feel better in the morning. Friday is my day!
I have a headache, need a nap, and am sad the boy is leaving for a week tomorrow! 
i have a headache, too much drinking i need someone to take care of me 
I have a headache. 
I have a headache.  theproductive1
I have a headache. Also we are dealing with a lice outbreak. My lovely hair has been affected. 
i have a headache. i'm also a little cranky. 
I have a headache. Ouch! 
I have a headache.. 
I have a headache... 
I have a headache... again 
I have a headache............. for 3 days now!!!! 
i have a headache...like a super-duper bad one..ughhh! make it stop 
I have a headache...no workout today  But made big changes to my myspace
i have a headachhhe  i had somemore weird dreams :\
I have a hectic night, got tocook dinner, wash dishes, take a shower, and write out AE Radio's Script for tomorrow all in 4 hours!!!!! 
I have a hitch in my giddy up 
i have a hoarse voice..i can't sing!!! 
i have a horrible headache  and i have textiles coursework still to do and a mountain of revision. man!
I have a horrible sore throat, and I'm feeling all sick 
I have a horrible stomach ache. 
i have a huge ass headache that wont go away 
I have a huge chill swooshing around my house... I dunno where its coming from either.. My tootsies are getting cold 
I have a huge headache  so does @brittanyylynne. Fuck our lives 
I have a huge headache and its not even funny 
I have a huge headache now. I think it's bc of allergies. 
I have a huge headache that doesnt let me sleep. I feel kinda better though. Iam never going to drink ever again 
I have a huge headache! It just won't go away 
I hate verizon... I want to switch to sprint 
I hate virginia and everything that they stand for. My damn DMV picture is FREAKIN AWFUL! Damn new technology 
I hate waiting 
I hate waiting  I'm usually a pretty patient person and it doesn't usually bother me but its starting to become a pattern...gahh!
I hate waiting around for money from my properties and energy.  #fb
i hate waiting for downloads to finish 
I hate waiting for the metrobus in rainy weather like this.  
I hate waiting in lines 
I hate waiting on phone calls... They never come if you have to wait. 
I hate waiting. I'm super impatient! 
I hate waking up   todays lessons... music, music, maths, science, maths, sciene 
I hate waking up 2hrs before I need to be  really don't feel good
I hate waking up all digustingly nauseous. 
I hate waking up and feeling like I just fell asleep. 
I hate waking up crabby 
i HATE waking up earlier than i have to and not being able to go back to sleep    today is goin to be an extra long day
I hate waking up early 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall back asleep 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night.  http://tinyurl.com/mepymx
I hate waking up in the morning. Worst time of day... 
I hate waking up in the mornings... 
I hate waking up this early for school on saturdays! 
i hate waking up to bad news.....    one of my life long friends shot himself  last night
I hate waking up well before my alarm goes off but being hungry so you have to wake up. 
I hate waking up with a sore throat! Not the way I planned on starting my day! 
i hate waking up with this confused guilty feeling. just because i spent yesterday lazying about. 
I HATE walking to work its worse then walking home !! ugh im so pissed worst effin day I SWEAR I HATE TUE!  like P says FML!
I hate wanting something that is sold out 
I HATE washin clothes  , takes fo evr lol
i hate washing it sucks 
I HATE washing up. With a passion. There always seems to be a really sharp knife hidden under all the foam in the sink that cuts you! 
I hate watching people's break-ups play out on Twitter 
I hate watching trees getting cut down...it depresses me!! 
I hate weather. 
i hate website that automatically resize browser windows 
I HATE websites. Hate hate hate. STUPID thing 
I hate weekend 'cause I eat a lot 
I hate weekends 
i hate weekends, i miss you too much 
I hate wet hair 
i hate when &quot;shit happens&quot; 
I hate when @nattinklesonu is sleepy... so basically, I'm full of hate all the time! 
I hate when cars headlights are more white then yellow... I can't see 
I hate when computer programs don't do what they're supposed to. 
I hate when Friday comes around and I realize I'm going to miss yet another SmackDown!. . .  
i hate when gay store people follow the rules! grrr! i dont want to wait til tomorrow. it's too far awayyy. 
i hate when he has to go 
i hate when i cant breathe &amp; my throat is itchy. i guess bed rest is the best remedy. its just so nice outside. i hate feeling like this 
I hate when I cant sleep 
I hate when I can't sleep  just laying here in the dark thinking of stuff
I hate when I can't sleep. 
I hate when I disappoint people 
I hate when I get off work this late....no one to hang out with 
i hate when I get spam, and the name on the from is close to someone I really know and havent talked to in a long time 
I hate when I go to a restaurant and the only thing that's good are the drinks and I only had water 
i hate when i have realistic dreams, waking up and realizing they arent real is so dissapointing 
I hate when I have to cut my Dad's hair. He can hardly sit up because of his back and I have to take two whacks at it. 
I hate when I lose my phone.  I feel so isolated. 
I hate when I pay bills twice  It's fine if it's a small bill, but not a 200 dollar bill  oh well bright side, no bill next month.
I HATE when I see men knocking their knees together on the bus or train cos I know they're playing with their balls. 
i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers. 
I hate when I stay the night at someone's house and I forget to bring clothes with me. 
I hate when I'm at work...and I'm on a roll, getting stuff done ...and then all of a sudden...the system goes down....  
I hate when I've been away from my phone for a while and I come back and don't have any messages or missed calls.... 
I hate when Morgan doesn't feel well... 
I hate when my AIM buddies sign off while I'm in the middle of my nightshift 
I HATE when my alarm doesn't go off 
I hate when my boyfriend says he'll call, but ends up not calling 
I hate when my brother gets hurt 
i hate when my cell phone decides to be a jerk. not getting any of my text messages  help me fix it!
I hate when my dogs ruin my chances of sleeping in.  They may go back to sleep after going out, but I certainly don't.  
I hate when my friends are hurting and there's nothing that I can do for them 
i hate when my parents dont leave me money  wtf am i suppose to eat now..
I hate when my plans don't work out 
i HATE when peopel wake me up from my naps  .. watching the mets game .
I hate when people argue ! I'm not a fan of confrontation 
i hate when people change for no reason... 
I hate when people do this 
I hate when people don't answer text messages!! 
I hate when people have to move away from me 
i hate when people show off and make everyone else look bad.  Oh well, could be worse.
hmm. my body is not delicious 
Hmm. Why does this happen everytime we're going to Zeeland  - http://mobypicture.com/?emshu8
Hmm. Wonder if I should go ride the sand dunes. Haven't had a chance to in a while  I thnk I might!
Hmm. Wondered why twitter was so quiet today. Stupid API fails. 
Hmm.. appears I won't be getting breakfast in bed tomorrow 
hmm.. couldn't watch spain yesterday, unfortunately  but they lost 2-0, and I think they won't come into the next round. England-Germany!
hmm.. everything is lame 
hmm.. i think i'm about due for a twitter... i'm in a bad mood  i feel like sleeping
Hmm.. still having problems with WoW model viewer     Saving up for Sony Vegas.. one day I'll prolly make quality movies lol
Hmm.. To stay up to ridiculous times to watch @BuckHollywood live... or not... Damn, why do i have to be in the UK? 
hmm.. tooooooo lazy to go out to campus.. 
hmm... deciding whether to sell my car? could really do with the ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½. Bank Holiday w'end on a budget will suck 
Hmm... flaw in twitter plan: Being unable to check it all day to the wilderness meant a hell of lot of effort to catch with tweets! 
Hmm... Gwibber doesn't want to play with identi.ca today 
Hmm... I believe that the silence is telling... Am I going to be disappointed?  #dilemma
Hmm... I should go make a time machine to go forward to 12:00 God im genius.. Oh yeh i dont no how too...  x
Hmm... I slept for 2 hours... Now I'm going to take a shower b/c matt is coming over when he gets back. But OMG I am sooooo red!!! 
Hmm... Not good meeting someone you know and...like when you're all sweaty and grungy. Wish they had showers in here. 
Hmm... stuck inside on a real sunny day 
i have a icky headache that wont leave me alone 
I have a Katy Perry song stuck in my head. This is the worst pain ever. 
I have a killer head ache. 
I have a killer head ache. Right Brian fyou 
I have a killer headache - does anyone have any suggestions of how to get rid of it? Paracetamol hasn't worked 
I have a ladder in my tights  Like huuuuge!
I have a little bit of a headache and I kind of feel sick 
I have a little mr. big man here who is 10 months old today. Wow. The time is going too fast....not fair 
i have a little pain in my tummy tumpkins 
I have a loada crammin' ta do which sucks. Can't wait to finish. It's gonna be a hectic 2 weeks, especially since I don't know much. 
I have a lot of fun thinking of icons, sketching, trying solutions and stuff, but I absolutely hate the actual execution (software) part 
I have a lot of homework and i dont want to do it and it is due tomorrow what should i do? 
I have a lot of stress! So much tests 
i have a lot to do today but i dont want to .... im lazy    #squarespace
I have a love/hate relationship with weekends. Love= no work... hate= lonely 
I have a love-hate relationship with Adobe After Effects. Its actually more of my powerbook's fault. It's just powerful enough. (tear) 
i have a lovely burnt mark under my eye... stupid curling tongs. 
I have a mad headache, WILL NOT GO AWAY! Making me cranky. Grrrrrr.  Feel like going on a health binge, but I hate exercise SO MUCH 
i have a major headache 
I have a major headache and am suffering from serious laptop withdrawl. I wanna get these pictures done! 
i have a MAJOR headache like it hurts so bad 
I have a major toothache from my stupid wisdom tooth 
I have a massive assignment due tomorrow, and a big big headache, bedtime soon then up eeaaarly to do work. Yuck 
i have a massive headace that wont go away....   
I have a massive headache 
I have a massive headache! This has been happening a lot lately 
i have a massive urge to sing and shout to queen adreena, dont think i have any on my ipod though 
Hmm... the new sports catalog and card jitsu updates are not appearing for me 
Hmm... What to do? Or what to watch? 
Hmm... wondering where the cool &quot;MySpace Chat&quot; function is...! I think they switched it off  hope it comes back!!! ...where are uuu? 
hmm....it is awfully lonely here now 
Hmm....the clouds have arrived. The partys over in Southport.  #weather
Hmm...can anyone else get Shake to Shuffle...shuffling...outside of the iPod App on their iPhone? That's the only time it seems to work! 
hmm...i got low traffic for my website..could someone help me spread the word? 
Hmm...i need chocolate 
Hmm...in bed..should go sleep soon...i need an early night since i gotts to get up at 5.30am for English Lang exam 
Hmm...it seems as thought the store update is, well, lacking. I was looking forward to Fat Princess too 
Hmm...The audition thing to be on TV is canceled!  Mommy said they called her &amp; it's canceled because of the rain, I think.
Hmm...what to make for dinner tonight???  No clue.  Don't feel like cooking anything    Hubby wants to go away tonight.
hmm..i've got only 6 followers..sad.. 
hmm..sick of jakarta..what a polution city 
Hmm..so you're being treated really well by a guy and this is your first time experiencing it? So..how I was toward you meant nothing huh 
Hmmâ€¦ I still haven't eaten 
hmmm - here goes, first twit - I now know why it's called GlassFish - drop it and it smashes into hundreds of tiny pieces 
hmmm - it's a bit difficult to make scones when my scales are broken 
hmmm - playing sims of all things and am very tired 
Hmmm . Just waiting too hear the recording of me at Stage challenge  . Silly Zm hasnt played it yet lol
Hmmm ... Red cherries = $2.99/lb &amp; White cherries = $7.99/lb.  I grabbed a bag of reds even though whites are my favorite 
hmmm ... Twitter no update facebook 
Hmmm 6 more months and I'll be 21. 
hmmm absolutley NO groceries in our house...  i hate these days. Def have no idea what i will eat for the next 3 days.. grrr
Hmmm berry all fancy new after the two hour update, but I can't get the multitap keyboard to suretype 
hmmm bored outta ma brains lol nothin ta do 
Hmmm can almost see the power bar dropping on iphone Since OS3. Fully charged at 6am now 1/4 full only made 1 5 min call 
Hmmm Chris is has tasty nuts...but he won't share them with me 
Hmmm Field Day today at Daughter's school... wonder if this rain will stick around long enough to cancel it 
hmmm got nothing to do todai :/ I'm still in pain thou 
Hmmm gunna try and get some sleep. Hate to end the convo with Jords  Sorry if you read this ...... Nn Buddy
hmmm i cant sleep  why does my life hav to b so complicated?? i wish our distance wasnt so great...i really want sumthin with u 
hmmm i hate having nothing to do 
hmmm i really have to study really hard on maths or i'll fail 
hmmm i think ill be failing these uni exams... 
hmmm i think the heat has cooked my brain. Altho twitter wierd on n96 
Hmmm i want to go out cycling for a bit but the huge dark grey clouds outside are warning me off it 
Hmmm it must be nice to sleep in 
hmmm just off da computaaa , my feet r coldd 
hmmm lions lost   played sound africa
hmmm maybe a band of brothers marathon is in need...but it makes me so sad 
I have a math class exam on monday  NOOO!! And then 2 days later a latin test...Next week will be very stressfull ^^
I have a maths exam at 13:30, I am dreading it.. 
I have a meeting in a far far, distant distant place so I have to drive!  That is twice this week.  I need less responsibilities in life!
I have a mega sunburn 
I have a menagerie of people outside right now..my family thought it would be a good idea to throw a yard sale..trash sale really.. 
I have a migraine  in the bed...
I have a migraine and am feeling sad because I know I have to leave Santa Barbara tomorrow 
I have a migraine! 
I have a migrane from hell &amp; my computer keeps crashing  
I have a mock science exam booklet to do... and I don't get it and really don't want to do it 
i have a mosquito bite on my hip 
I have a mosquito bite on my knee 
i have a mouth ulcer 
I have a mouth ulcer on my tongue and it hurts. 
I have a nasty headache and a whole bunch of paperwork to do 
I have a nasty headache!!! Its not going away... 
I have a new home help. She's lovely, &amp; crucially she is very good at her job. It's a shame they work to a rota system. 
i have a new tooth ache..sigh 
i have a night off work tonight! back at work tomorrow though 
i have a pain in the side of my stomach 
I have a painful bump on my bum...think its a bug bite, sux 
i have a picture of nancy spungen on my tshirt and its scary ..my make up is all runny and my hair is messy ..i look quite like her  !
I hate when people want things from a million years agooooo 
I hate when people waste my time. Blah. When will the power be on in my room again?! 
i hate when plans fall through  especially when they are plans to PLAY BOARD GAMES. haha i'm such a nerd.
i hate when schools over for me but not for my friends, now i have to sit home and do nothing 
i hate when she does this.. ugh. 
I Hate when shows do that to you they dont show whats going to happen next and the show ends!! 
i hate when someones sick &amp; you can't do anything to help.. especially when ur 500 miles away 
I hate when technology doesn't work right.  I frustrates me beyond belief.  
I hate when that happen! And it always happen right before a performance  Sooo bad timing!
I hate when the kids don't leave me any dinner. And they still did not  clean the kitchen.  
I hate when the little rubber feet fall off of my laptop. 
I hate when the song I want to listen to isn't on my mp3 
i hate when theres something ppl shld be mad abt, but no one speaks up, because no one wants to be the asshole. (including me) 
I hate when they argue, they're like my other family and it just makes me sad 
I hate when this is brought up. I always feel like a little girl 
I hate when trees pee on me 
I hate when Twitter says they'll be down for maintenance... I always go through withdrawl. 
I hate when weekends die 
I hate when WoW crashes when I just about have a group together 
i hate when you bite your lip, it makes a big bumpand then you end up biting that bump, which makes it bigger and so on. its exponential 
i hate when you eat all the good flavours of candy and all you have left are the ones that make you feel sick 
I HATE WINDOWS MOVIE MAKER....  SONY VEGAS COME BACK!! I cant download it anymore. My brother banned me from downloading.. ? (
i hate winter so much. the only good thing is hot chocolates, but i don't have any cadbury drinking chocolate or marshmellows 
I hate wireless mouses. I always end up losing the mouse. 
I hate wishing time away, but here's to hoping today goes by fast... office life 
i hate work 
I hate work  grr starbucks 
I hate work spending the day inputting orders again! how very boring!! altho had my latte this morning to keep me goin, not starbucks tho 
I hate work! Almost had the day off, but I didn't answer the phone!!! FML!!! I'm tired!!! 
i hate work! feet have never been this bad 
i hate working  take me home
I hate working at 6am... and my sis left for Florida this morning, its going to be a lonely week 
I hate working at quiznos! Applying for a job somewhere else. Not feeling well  only an hour left
I hate working early on the weekends. 
I hate working on such nice days 
I hate working on weekends when the weather is great.  also I'm at the bagel place for the third time since 9 am. Wow.
hmmm not feeling the free read love  i think i picked the wrong thing to put up.
hmmm not really feeling whrrl... 
Hmmm os 3 seems a bit slow and buggy for me 
Hmmm potty training my son is not going well 
Hmmm profile avatar pic screwed up again  here's me as made by @niftyknits after joining #BNI http://twitpic.com/6es0t
Hmmm so far no comments to my blogs 
hmmm so im like 7 weeks along ....  ... oh well
Hmmm sorry for the double-tweet. Miss the delete post button in PockeTwit. 
hmmm still nothing from the police  I suppose I was being bit hopeful that they would reply back in two weeks
Hmmm such a nice page and seems to be a great Hotel. http://www.graftononsunset.com but with a poor PLESK favicon ... come on 
hmmm that white thing is getting me again!  I tried to chase it down on the couch but mom yelled.  
hmmm the twitter I sent from my phone last night didn't get posted 
Hmmm there's something up with my fone and twitter updates  #BSB
hmmm tweetdeck says update failed on lappie 
hmmm watchinf futurama bored n sad  lol
Hmmm watching this movie is making me miss my best friend!  Trying to keep it together!! 
hmmm well i figured out tweet deck but still cant find anybody i know!! 
hmmm what 2 do 2day?? gotta twait my lox but Dont want 2  booo
hmmm what if I dont fall asleep when they do a sleep study? I'll be in a strange place without hubby and CP  eek. Very nervous about it
hmmm why are there so many wierdo's out there 
hmmm wonder if my plans will actually happen today? laying in bed 
hmmm work soon sooo tired and feel sick and also hungry but cant eat coz sick arggg and raining so gonnu be fucking heaps busy 
hmmm yay school is so not fun 
hmmm,  ï¿½68 to get my xbox repaired 
I have a pitifully close $11.83 on my credit card. I WAS SO CLOSE TO iPHONE 3.0 I COULD PRACTICALLY USE IT!    Ohh. Right. Beta 
I have a plant that is loosing leaves like crazy. Although the pot is big enough...It got a lot of light and I water it weekly??? 
I have a plush Noki and Pianta from Super Mario Sunshine. The other pair is naught to be found. They'll be lonely forever. 
i have a potty mouth 
i have a proper painful tummy ache 
I have a queasy tum  - but anyway, have to draw a giant that's then going to be made into a real giant for some festival!
i have a realllllyyy bad feeling about this vacation. 
I have a really bad cold and i cant seem to get rid of it. 
i have a really bad cold and the blood sugars to prove it. bed, here i come... 
i have a really bad hangover 
i have a really bad head ache  gonna go to bed i might be back maybe not bye bye
I have a really bad headache  http://tumblr.com/xfa22lfkf
I have a really bad headache its like a stinging rush in my head. I cant sleep anymore either. 
I have a really bad headache... 
i have a really bad tummy ache!!! 
I have a really really bad headache!  i wish it would go away i&lt;3jordancarson
I have a really sick ferret, I'm so scared 
i have a really sore back!  why am i so old!? LOL!!
I have a really sore throat for some reason 
I have a really sore throat, for no apparent reason. 
i have a scar on top of my lip and it hurts when I smile. 
I have a sciatica on both sides of my back. I'm on partial bed-rest, &amp;&amp; I have to collect a stool culture b/c they think I have e coli.  
I have a serious need for speed 
I have a serious sugar hang over and I keep leaning to the right and almost fall off my bed! bloody jellybeans! 
I have a serious tank top tan 
i have a severe dislike for the secretary of state 
i have a shitton of emails to check this morning 
I have a shopping problem 
I have a sick little boy. 102.5 temperature and soooo lethargic. Poor guy. 
i have a simpsons face 
i have a singaw 
I have a singing lesson in the morning and by depriving myself of sleep I will seriously need to warm up in the morning  lol
Hmmm, been laying in the dark 4a while now... Cant sleep... Dont know what 2do... Boreddddd  &amp;i know 2morrows gonna b crazy... Eh.
Hmmm, cold meds decrease milk supply. Guess I have to suck it up &amp; deal or Gremlin doesn't eat. Stupid baby 
Hmmm, hate random injuries that cause unecessary blood 
Hmmm, I miss my mom now  I did love that woman. She adopted me - loved me and raised me as her own. She too did her best.
Hmmm, I smell sausages.... I didn't get any though  Hmpf ï¿½ï¿½
hmmm, it's 45 degrees out  I'm wearing a sweater'
hmmm, my TwiHaikus are not getting to twitter 
Hmmm, Natures almost brutally adervtised SciBx is obviously not accessible through my library 
Hmmm, nice hat. 
Hmmm, our car clearly thinks i should stay at home today as he is refusing to start. Public transport time 
hmmm, slight sore head 2day.  had a great nite tho.  Have to go to work soon 
Hmmm, So I just had a customer ask me if I was 40!!!! For those who dont know Im 26!! So disheartening 
Hmmm, sun is shining, sky is blue, nothing else to spoil the view except me pc screen and working indoors 
Hmmm, That Mitchell &amp; Webb Look;s been shunted to 10pm 
Hmmm, that reminds me of that song by... damn! can't remember who sang it now... 
Hmmm, the sun has come out and buggered up my plans to lounge around all day   Oh sod it, I've started so I'll finish....
Hmmm, Thomas is frustrated because his teeth hurt and he can't walk  I can do something about the teeth, but he is on his own with walking
Hmmm, Trevor is itchy and sick to his tummy.    Could explain yesterdays whining.
Hmmm, went to Nicholas Cage movie this morning called &quot;Knowing&quot; Great movie until aliens flew their spaceship in! 
hmmm, what did everyone think of the tonight show w/ Conan?? I thought it was going to be better...I miss late night 
Hmmm. Can't upload my new twitter profile background 
Hmmm. Have been unfollowed and blocked by a previous mutual follower / followee. Baffled as wouldn't like to think I have offended 
Hmmm. http://www.djhero.com/ is down 
Hmmm. Hungry, but no snacks are $ here 
Hmmm. I just feel so bad. No email from them? I didn't qualify? 
hmmm. no good movies this week 
I have a slight headache 
I have a small cavity and I have to get all of my wisdom teeth pulled. 
I have a small notebook full of chinese that I don't remember 
I have a snickers bar in my bag. I really want to eat it 
i have a song stuck in my head to which i only know one line of correct lyrics 
i have a sore and itchy ear 
i have a sore arm 
I have a sore froat    but I will live ;-)
I have a sore froat from singing all night. 
i have a sore throat  hsm3 just makes me scared/sad to be a senior
i have a sore throat ! it sux! i miss chris too     i miss u shannon ! ross bobby !!!!! cya monday
I have a sore throat =(  GOOODDD, make it go awaayy 
I have a sore throat and a headache. I think maybe i'm getting a cold. I hope not, I can't afford to get sick 
I have a sore throat and a headache...moshing to saosin last night has done me no favours 
I have a sore throat and can't sing :|  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I have a sore throat.  
I have a sore throat.  Bummer.
i have a spider in my bathroom... 
i have a splinter on my thumb palm 
I have a splitting headache 
I have a spot on my back. Do you think room service will come get it for me? The downside to being a singleton 
I have a stack of movies and no one to watch them with! 
I have a stalker...for real. I won't be allowing anonymous comments on my blog for a while... 
I have a stomacache 
I have a stomach ache 
I have a stomach ache. It hurts! 
I have a stomach ache... Totally sucks 
I have a strong feeling that i'm going to fail ALL my GCSEs 
i have a stuffy nose 
I have a stupid Recall on my car 
I have a sudden powerful craving for Ru San's. The sushi buffet is only on Saturdays and it'll be expensive otherwise. 
I have a sun blister on my back 
I have a sun burn issue! 
I have a sunburn 
i have a sunburn all over my bodyyyyyy 
I have a Sunday off! Wow! I'm still at home on my computer by myself anyway... 
I have a sweet holographic Bengals cup but nothing to put in it  sad times
I have a temp of 102F 
I have a terrible headache and I'm stuck in traffic  great combination..
I have a terrible headache right now! 
I have a terrible headache. 
I have a terrible headache. Its been there for several hrs &amp; just wont go away. 
I hate working over weekend. Im so tired... I finish at 6:00am but the first train doesn't come until 7:07... 
I hate working saturdays, what a waste of weekend 
i hate working so early  .  g'nite
I hate working sundays....   I did however have the morning off and did some major retail therapy in the sales.
i hate working things out.... 
I hate working this early. There's never anyone to talk to 
i hate working weekends 
I hate working when I don't feel pretty. 
I hate wrapping my hair up 
i hate writing essaies  
I hate writing speeches  especially for Art . Grrrrr school !
I hate writing up product descriptions 
i HATE wrking late &amp; missin GUD realityTV...!! 
i HATE wrking on saturdays 
I hate XKCD with a passion but still check it every day out of habit/boredom. 
I hate yelling 
I hate you  But I can't separate
i hate you all in adelaide!!! its not fair! dont leave me voicemails that make me cry 
I hate you both I am not there 
I hate you exponents .. 
i hate you hali fisher, 
I hate you MS word, you are a smelly vagina face 
i hate you twitter, you made me miss my stop. less time to shop @ chapel 
I HATE YOU UNI, THANKS FOR RUINING MY LIFE 
I hate YOU! 
i hate you! please hate me too....? so i won't feel so guilty.. 
I hate you, twitter. WHAT AM I DOING WRONG JUST UPLOAD THIS SHIT ALREADY ffff Fine, I'll sleep. 
I HATE YOUTUBE!!! cuz they SUSPENDED ME!!! and I was just getting POPULAR!!! 
I hate youuu 
I hate, HATE, feelin down.... its sooooooooooo NOT my style.... 
I hated " Brokeback Mountain ", and not because the main characters were gay.
i hated brokeback mountain..
I hated that movie. It was uninteresting &amp; bland. What's with all the vampire movies/shows these days? I miss Buffy 
I hated the da vinci code...
I HATED the ending to brokeback mountain...
I HATED this early airport drop off for two reasons: 1. I love @hellyes0 and don't want him to go and 2. It's disgustingly early 
I hatee going to daddys grave.  Fuckk. Plus I just found out that the bitch is going next to him. -.-
i hatee studying! more in a weekend!!!,,when i could go out with myy friendzzzz! dammmmm! 
i hatee sundaayyss 
I hateee french! someone help me. what does 'chez moi' mean?  lol
i hateee rainy days. 
i hateee surpise you work today ...days.....yea booooooo 
I hateeee maths!!!! 
i hateeee not being with you and miss you soooo much, you have no idea 
i HATEEEEEEEEEEEEE swimming in cold water 
I hates Cruise Ships, &amp; the 9am Sunday shifts that come along with them.... 
i hav 2 work out how 2 work this blu ray recorder or life aint gunna b fun in our house 
i hav a chance to win $10, $100, $1000.  i was given a free can of $ plant..have to wait till the plant grow to know if i won anythin!!?! 
hmmm.. how do i post pictures up in this bitch... 
Hmmm.. it's jat lag alright.. could not sleep tonight.. wondering how to keep awake at office.. that too scheduled to meet so many people 
Hmmm.. So it's 9:30... What should i do...? Go on the computer...? No.. It will be boring... I miss Ashley.  Come home so i wont be bored!
Hmmm.. Twitterberry causes Blackberry to crash when I try to d/l updates. Maybe I need to cut some of my news sources.  
Hmmm... Body english tonight? Maybe... Most likely... Definately....  -fuck the lakers. I'm still hurt 
hmmm... Can't sleep tonight...  Bad news since I have to be at work in &lt;4 hours.    I'm thinking all-nighter.
Hmmm... first impressions... till ugly then  looks quite impressive otherwise.
hmmm... I dont know what to do 
hmmm... idk cuz were losers who have nuthing better 2 do. ooh... i just got a txt from maddie! i miss saskatchewan  (sniffle sniffle)
Hmmm... Last night I connected my Zune to my Ubuntu box to charge. Today all my ZunePass content is disabled. 
hmmm... looks like going out for coffee and cake was too much yesturday on top of Saturday anyway  never mind got tea and laptop
Hmmm... not great viewing of Saturn &amp; Titan last night. Laser pointer is playing up 
Hmmm... Still unsure about Bento for the iPhone... Excel/Numbers imports and a landscape spreadsheet view? I guess you need Bento Client 
Hmmm... still up... haven't been able to sleep at all 
Hmmm... Thinking of reading more Byzantine History. Find it fascinating, but my Greek needs some SERIOUS work. 
hmmm... Twitter banned from China, so sad  but here we r tweetin, a loophole, try via streamy.com
Hmmm.... all of a sudden, this London gal is missin' home  
hmmm.... my weekend still not here..... 
hmmm.... no wonder flickr_fu is slow - it returns info on each image from a search - not what I wanted 
hmmm..... would like more RAM but XP 32bit only supports measly 3GB 
Hmmm.....interesting. Now I remember why I don't go north of 14st and west of 6th ave   spandex GALORE!!
Hmmm.....sitting at the bar w/ a glass of water  I'm the D.D tonight, my girlfriend is drinking for both of us
Hmmm....I have to get a more recent pic. That one doesn't seem to do me justice 
i hav a really bad cough + its keeping me awake. i need 2 sleep. 
i hav cold , headache ,,,yea,,,, 
i hav got to revise 4 pe 
i hav lice... 
i hav scratches all over my face 
i hav seen another 2 movis since yesterday,,, rat race... uff waste of tym,,, nd ong bak 2....the entire legacy has been ruined!... 
i hav to work 
I have $1.37 until next friday. That's great. No rainboots for me. 
I have &quot;No Boundaries&quot; stuck in my head. That's bittersweet. 
i have 0 followers 
i have 10 bucks left in my a/c.. 
I have 10min to get to my parents anniv dinner but I'm 30min away  http://myloc.me/2Wc1
I have 12 meetings scheduled for next week. When the hell am I supposed to get any work done?   
I have 15 mins. remaining on my laptop battery before it's bye bye until who knows when... My power adaptor is busted  Noooooooooooooooooo
i have 2 clean my room 
i have 2 eggs. they were spawning but she looked so bad i couldnt leave her with him 
I have 2 forget Las vegas!!! 
I have 2 give up the internet for 3 weeks 
I have 2 go to sleep... I have to be at work at 6:30am.... I want my 9 hrs. Of sleep 
i have 2 take my own!!  
I have 2 tix to the sold-out last night of Othello tonight. Except I can't go cuz I can't stop coughing. I will ruin the play.  
i have 275 followers &amp; no one hittin me up 
I have 2nd degree burns all over my left hand and no interesting story behind it 
I have 3 classics essays to write, a history evaluation, an english king lear proposal, a drama script to read and a sst's report 
i have 3 papers tmr-geog paper2(human geog), A-math paper2 n german test..  sigh can't wait for this to be finally over.. haha.. )
hmmm...doubtful  @ben_mayer FACT: If you play that track backwards, it details a great recipe for peanut brittle.
hmmm...I can't find any of my friends 
hmmm...I can't find bottoms I like! 
Hmmm...I guess TwitterFon doesn't like emoji very much. It just comes out as numbers and puctuations. Darn it! 
Hmmm...I wanna a hug...I miss you boyy 
hmmm...i wondar how long i can hold off on doing blood work...im scared of needles 
Hmmm...was being followed by Paula Melay, who apparently got suspended for &quot;nefarious activity&quot;. U know this chick? I don't like twitter. 
Hmmmâ€¦Â Twitpic crashes my Safari 
Hmmm--I wonder why Hero Online has a working APR system implemented in April but we do not 
Hmmmm - looks like I need new microphones 'cos the background noise here isn't good 
hmmmm - washing still on line - probably dew damp now 
hmmmm don't support the Bruno act on MTV awards.  A bit crass.  
hmmmm i wana go to the after ball ...but my parents wont let me 
Hmmmm is Bully worth the hours? Very put off by the poor build of this 
hmmmm nothing to do... so bored.. aaaaaaaaa I wanna  go somewhere... 
Hmmmm now cancelation on New York!?  shit is looking bad! 
HMMMM Okay Techno Nerd Boy is SERIOUSLY Ticking Me Off.  No wonder he's getting a divorce.  His actions are seriously BiPolar 
Hmmmm recently ive noticed that i am really mean to some people &amp; for no reason.  i will fix this!
Hmmmm still not feeling any better 
Hmmmm this is looking pretty hawt http://bit.ly/W7l5R  bye bye Tweetie? 
hmmmm why is the uk crap for dancers?? 
Hmmmm, headache again 
Hmmmm... Getting up early hurts 
Hmmmm... Is it just me or is Erin Andrews on the emaciated side lately??  
I have 32+ spec ads that need to be built by tomorrow evening. It's going to be a long day. 
I have 457 tweets to read. I think I need to cull my followings 
i have 5 all next thursdat 
i have 5 blisters on my fingers from the dogs' leads  it hurts like hell! hunting was tough this morning
I have 5 dollar off coupons 4 Joes Crab Shack but noone 2 go w/ cause the girls from work are vegitarian/hate sea food. They expire 31st! 
I HAVE 5 MORE THAN HANNAH too bad she's catching up 
I have 6 events next week that all involve getting a gift, and I have zero money 
i have 7 cavities and have to get 4 wisdom teeth extracted.... how did this happen?? i even floss daily 
I have 7 followers, I want 50. 
I have 9700 which is slightly above avg at dinner break...kinda tired too 
I have a $50 gift card to Barneys NY and don't know what to do with it 
i have a $90 phone bill? crap. 
I have a @linksys router and just upgraded firmware--I can't login to it anymore...   Any ideas?
I have a 14 mile walk at midnight tonight and im really ill  x
I have a 35 second video that I'm going to put up soon =D @Daniater When are you going to make videos 
i have a bad boo boo paper cut on my finger 
I have a bad case of the FRIDAYs...can't focus on anything laying on my desk right now 
I have a bad feeling about today  I already got yelled at, my breakfast was terrible, what else could go wrong ?!?!
I have a bad feeling something is wrong 
I have a bad feeling that my bestie needs me 
i have a bad feeling that the Cavs wont win tonite. 
i have a bad headache  night
I have a bad headache and I'm at work until 6pm. 
I have a bad headache and some stomach pain 
I have a bad headache....sumbody help me! 
I have a bad infection inside one of my teeth.. I have to get a root canal next sat 
I have a bad sleeping schedule! Helpppp 
I have a bad sunburn.  I'm in serious pain.....I guess I should have remembered my sun tanning lotion. 
i have a bad throut. 
I have a baseball game tonight. 
I have a battle scar.    And I learned I'm a defiante drunk.Double  http://myloc.me/2h4I
hmmmm...no more #anon for the day... 
Hmmmm...so much for a few minutes peace. Already there are &quot;bugs&quot; in the water, causing the children to leap out screaming 
Hmmmmm have no idea how this works 
hmmmmm i got no friends in twitter currently!! 
hmmmmm my new avatar won't change 
hmmmmm why isnt my bloody webcam working properly????????? 
hmmmmmm feels like i just got stabbed in the back 
Hmmmmmm smoothie!!! Off to work!! Can't wait for tonight! Gahhhhh!!!!!! New Moon trailer! Yaaaaay! Finally. About 6 months til the movie 
hMMMMMM, its raining..... how come it only rains in weekends, and it cancels my camping trips? Every time........   
hmmmmmmmmmm.... it['s been a while since we last talk but I still feel your breath on my neck... I miss you... 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmm what to do? def. not sleepy 
hmmmnow im hungry 
hmmmpphhh...this summers are damn killing  ...waiting impatiently to drench in first monsoon showers n enjoy a cob out there!!!
Hmmmpppffff..exhausted..tired.. Wanna go home.. 
Hmmn. I wonder why my other followers are unfollowing me? I think they are going down. Too bad.  Follow Me!
Hmmph pissed I think my computer is officialy dead   ima take a nap maybe it'll work when I wake up
hmmz  im not feeling the love for my haircut right now :O 
hmn i mis him   im xo tired xo i guess il be able to get my sleep jez after an hour ov thinkin bout him . quit a short time so bye fellas
Hmph I had to order some bootleg Pharos GPS phone they dont have the BB I wanted at Office Depot 
Hmph still can't sleep and can't settle :@ 
Hmph. Rule 34 is mostly lolicon, and half of that is Elfen Lied. I was hoping it might have the phytophilia I'm looking for 
I have a belly ache 
i have a belly ache  making up mucho tests tomorrow bc of my delinquent cousins graduation on fridayy
I have a belly ache this morning 
i have a big knot on the top of my head..it hurts lots. 
I have a big problem with my hard disk ouuufff 
I have a big week ahead of me. Not looking forward to it at all   
I have a biggg headache 
I have a bit of a hangover &amp; alot of crap to do!!!!! Bummer 
I have a bit of a headache  ready for tom's class in an hour though!
I have a blister between my toes. It hurts to walk 
i have a blister on my hand from opening a waterbottle and it hurts 
I have a blister on my right thumb.  Stupid work.
i have a blister on my toeee 
i have a blister. on the BOTTOM of my foot 
I have a blood blister on my toe. 
i have a bloody nose 
I have a boo boo in my ear. 
I have a booboo 
I have a booboo on my knee 
I have a bottle of butterscotch vodka and can't drink it  Flu meds and alcohol do not mix *sigh*
I have a brand new background for my Twitter and I can't upload it 
I have a break at the moment and listen to music. and later, I must return to school ... I hate chemistry 
I have a bruise on my neck from carrying Erika out of 1515 last night awesome!  why am I so fragile?
I have a bug bite on my back. 
I have a bug bite on my toe 
I have a bug bite or something on my heel. Itches like MAD. Mehhhh. 
i have a burnt tounge. 
i have a busy day tomorrow  i am so outtie by 5 though
I have a busy day tomorrow. And i feel sick atm 
I have a busy weeknd ahead of me- study session 2nite, test tomm, paper on sunday! NoT COOL 
i have a caramel chocolate chip ice cream. msn doesnt work at my grandmas house.  dumb lol.
I have a case of the Mondays 
I have a chill that just won't go away. 
I have a chocolate soy milk problem. 
i have a cold  and am very tired :0
i have a cold  not looking forward to work later!
i have a cold  try my best to fight against it but i think i've already lost
i have a cold AGAIN! can't breathe 
i have a cold again,boooo  waiting for my love to get home&lt;3
I have a cold and I'm using dodgy tissues that are giving me a red nose  saveeeeeeeeeee meeeeeeeeee.
hmsdpifjsd@#$@#$ crappy dreams! I don't want vacation to be over 
Hnngh. I just got my period. I hate cramps. 
HNNNGH 6 SONGS OUT OF 10 UPLOADED goddammit imeem go a little bit faster 
Ho hum!  Class presentation night!  
ho hum, can't share. arguing with my software 
Ho hum, I'm bored without THA. 
Ho humm 
hoaaammmph! so exhausted! but i hav to go to hospital... 
hoah, please......... I really want it, I'll buy it with mine momm 
hobbling back to work today 
hobby banget si @vennindya cancel last minute , HAH !! 
Hobby rockets we had in the 70's rarely went above the treeline. Parachutes hardly ever worked right either -- they'd drop like rocks.  
Hobo week/month is officially over  back to waking up b4 noon and goin to sleep b4 3am...bummer
Hockey will be ending soon. That makes me sad 
Hocus Pocus is on TV!!! I've missed half of it!!! 
Hodgeman is too cute. Tough room though. Axelrod had a sad face on. 
hoe that he is happy again  its sad time when he's sad  
hoem from school  my teacher hit me over the head &gt;( i couldnt hit him bak &gt;(
hoggin the comuter while my man sweats it out for O Game 
Hohoho senasib jo.. Gue smp minggu. @henrygerson Officially parentless 'til Thursday  they kissed my cheeks b4 leaving. Feels weird st ...
hohoho. bored 
Ho-hum, cooler weather today  Oh well maybe I'll get some jobs done around the house
hoje ï¿½ o ultimo &quot;Tonight Show with Jay Leno&quot; que triste! 
Hokay. Now watching 30 Days of Night. Need someone to hold my hand, though.. 
Hola a todas!!!  I'm back, and still nothing on NMM.  
I have a terrible headache. Not even medicine helps!  Actually one thing could make me feel better, reply from @tommcfly.   please reply.
I have a test in chemistry tomorrow! 
I have a throbbing headache that seems to be recurring every now and again (&amp; I'm heaving); starting to give myself a bit of a scare. 
i have a tooth ache from cookies  what a hard day at school
I have a tooth ache! 
I have a toothache  
i have a tornado warning  im scared its flooooding like craaazy here
i have a TREMENDOUS headache!!!!!!   
I have a tummy ache  Trying out this twitter app for my blackberry.
I have a tummy ache  Watching suuuper old episodes of Roseanne, Becky is like 14!!
i have a tummy ache. not happy about it.  going to bed and hopefully waking up feeling better.
I have a tummyache. 
i have a very unusual stabbing pain in my side which could be a ruptured cyst.. lets hope i dont need a hospital trip today 
i have a veryy hard bet with a friend i have to have  100,000 followers and she too :S omg i have to win! but i don't think 
i have a wall of dirty casks that need washing. Well, i suppose thats tomorrow sorted then 
I have a weird red spot on my boob that itches really bad 
I have a wine headache 
i have a workout to do before we leave  its not doing my back much good
i have a worse signal now, that's why. 
I have a yen for bubur ayam 
i have a.d.d. so bad. i can't pay attention to the movie at aaaaaaaaall. 
i have about 10 minutes to prison break. Still deciding what to wear for class outing tomorrow. Sadly we can only wear red 
i have absolutely no clothes on. my body is so fucking pale 
I have absolutely nothing to do today, tomorrow, the rest of the week.  Let's make plans!
i have absolutly no life 
I have alot on my mind... 
I have also decide to dye my hair dark purple then not touch it. Except maybe to dye it back to brown. But i miss my really long hair. 
I have ALWAYS had a great sympathy &amp; love for inanimate objects. i feel so bad for them bcuz they can't talk or defend themselves  LMFAO
Hola, Twittsters - on my way to the docotr's...this whole biz about pulling out ur back is for the birds  
Hold it. GM now worth under a billion. Government has given them 50 billion to stay alive. Experts say GM won't make money for 3-4 years. 
HOLD ON, @lilmizzketa; who got a D in math?  A D in math as a teen ups ur shots of havin a bankruptcy as an adult....not good 
hold the phone - my bldg has 20 flat screens &amp; i did not see the need to purchase. Ahhh, commy living @ its finest. 
holding it down @ work. have da duty blues 
Holding job app for adult bookstore. Tired of getting taken advantage of while trying to build a career. Screw having a career. 
holding my puppy. he is shaking because of the storm 
Holding my sad baby who had to watch his brother go off to a birthday party he didn't get invited to.  His feelings are hurt 
Holding the baby when she burps and then projectile vomits. I'm wearing a dress, so it landed all over my legs. 
Hole 18 claims another of my discs 
Hole 5: lost a fifth ball. down to 3 left. 
holidaaayy is coming..niaa, felii..gonna miss you guys 
Holiday inn drama.. Wth. Sad last day. 
Holiday is passing so fast  I want it to stoopppp.
holiday is soo boring 
Holiday plans are falling to pieces 
holiday sindrom 
holiday time | got my grizzly bears cd, bit it wont read  | adventures tomorrow | swine flu is scaring me | i still have a cold
HOLIDAY TIMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.  eeeep. i hope my new books might be a little bit better then the host  disapointment!
I have a cold for sure  
I have a competition  I'm gonna look like crap
I have a computer but not for long 
I have a confession to make. -sigh- I...like...1 song from the Jonas Brothers! Oh, the horror! I feel like puking just thinking about it! 
I have a conjunctivitis...I hate the last two days! 
I have a constant pain round side and back of my ribs with a rash on my left rib. Help 
I have a cough 
i have a couple of hours and soo much to study  this is not ok.
i have a craving for sushi 
i have a crazy amount of work that needs to be done but not enough timee!   i desperately need a partner in crime
i have a crispy thumb and index finger.    ow I hate burns. 
I have a cut on my finger.  Going to bed. Goodnight twitter!
I Have A Cut On My Hand And It Really Hurts 
I have a dental appointment on Monday - so no prospect of a good weekend  I'm easing up on painkillers to try to blitz the pain overnight
I have a dentist appointment 2day 
I have A Exam tommorow.. its Chemistry  its going to suck
I have a f*ckin headache again  I've been getting headaches a lot lately smfh!
I have a farmers tan   Stupid job! Never get a job as a cart pusher for wal-mart!!!!
I have a feelin this goin 2 be a bad day i've already had probably had the worst mornin ever 
I have a feeling Apple is going to pussyfoot with this 3.0 update. I need this now so I can go to sleep. 
i have a feeling class will be pointless tomorrow since we already finished the chapter. boooooooo. 
I have a feeling I might not be going to bed tonight, I want this buy out over with already. I don't think I have anything else to give 
I have a feeling I will be very alone tomorrow.  people should text me yahhh
I have a feeling I wont be able to go to the show June 12. 
i have a feeling im going to miss R/K on the red carpet  dinner in a few minutes.
HOLIDAY!!!!! I'm just like and excited child. Still have over a week left here. And dreaming of planes leaving without me is not nice!! 
Holiday, holiday.. It's gonna end 
holiday. but i've go to school! 
Holidays and I feel poorly  No sympathy forthcoming eitha!!
Holidays are ending  boooooo!!!!!!!!!!
Holidays are over at Monday...then I have to go to school again ... this is bullshit...I hate the teachers...but I have to go to school 
holidays are over. too bad, i'm still getting used to them...  but now's the last period before the summer holidays - so: rock on, guys ^^
holidays are over..back to work  raining outside..i need a umbrella!
holidays for me now,...are just too exp to pay for 
Holidays= choirprac,choirprac,choirprac,choirprac,homework,homework,homework,homework! I'm breaking down! 
hollie steel  bless her. but go dreambears &lt;33333 hahahahaha
hollie steel on bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch...poor girl. 
HollowbabesHere comes the utter shite #bgt &lt;I completely agree 
Holly hit me im the head with her spastic pen  now she is putting on a lisp
Hollyoaks is v.exciting!! But hannah shouldn't be dead! I'm sad 
Hollywood museum closed 
hollyyy shit Xbox360 on last fm, facebook and twitter!!! Social media geeeeeeeeek is in loveee...please follow suit sony 
hols to me this year isn't going to be fun...  no total resting or relaxing at all! study study study! wth!
Holy any i'm tired 
holy bejesus, my trip is over today. leaving NYC at 8:30 tonight.  had fun tho. saw wicked on broadway! best show ever!!!
holy cow batman got hit heavy on $FITB but still holding 
holy cow jon and kate plus 8  so sad.
HOLY COW LOOK AT THE RAIN GO...MY CAR 
I have a feeling I'm gonna be dealing with this migraine much longer than I want. Stupid weather. 
I have a feeling it's going to be a long day at work 
I have a feeling pooja updates this a little to much... and i have a huge bruise on my knee 
I have a feeling that NYC is bad for RPattz health, sanity and well-being 
i have a feeling that this whole week is going to suck 
I have a fever 
I have a fever a cough and I just feel blehhh 
I have a fever and I'm already in bed 
I have a fever in the summer! My face is hot and my body is freezing! Not good at all  FML
I have a fever, I have to go to the doctor today 
I have a fever, w/ the chills, and I keep throwing up. 
I have a fever. FML how am I supposed to take my final feeling like this?! 
i have a final on wed!! neeeeeed to start studying. but rlyy dont feeel like it. story of my life 
I have a final tomorrow and I don't care to study. 
I have a flat tire 
I have a flew!  someone likes to treat me?
I have a fractured foot 
I have a free all on my lonesome 
I have a free Kings of Leon ticket for tonight SCORE no netball now tho 
i have a frekin ear ache nd its annoyin :@ 
I have a friend on facebook who has 1001 friends, he KNOWS all of them. Makes my 73 seem so small 
I have a good day  Then get told summin that makes me feel so fucking worried  of what might happen in the next month 
I have a good relationship with my bro but sometimes he randomly makes an unprovoked verbal attack towards me. 
I have a great patience but f***ing hate waiting for someone to show up.... 
I have a hair appt at 3.  sister is still sleeping.  
I have a hangover  On the plus side, I finished a new tune last night for the next album, Ronnie Cross - Find the Stars in Your Life
I have a hankering to travel. Too bad I have to work. 
I have a headache   donï¿½t have to go to school.
i have amass headache 
I have an amazing iPhone game idea, if only i had the means to make it 
I have an atrocious headache. 
I have an awesome picture of happy pint, but it's not sending 
I have an awesome vintage Lakers shirt and I forgot to wear it this season  gotta love vintage tees!
I have an awful headache 
i have an awful headache    i so love @mandyyjiroux and @mileycyrus
i have an ear ache  will it go away or am i gonnahave to go to the doc ? 
I have an ear infection    so I played hookie from work and here I am a twitter-holic lol
I have an ear infection and throat i  feel horrible 
I have an ear infection....  
I have an exam tomorrow for my least favourite subject and I cant even bring myself to study 
I have an ex-gf who wants me back and the woman I love just ignores me! I guess it's decision time?! Why is love so hard?! FML!!!! 
I have an extreme bug bite on my arm 
i have an iball keyboard and in about 6 months, its conked... feels very hard to use 
I have an idea for iPhone app, but no Mac 
i have an ingrown hair, it hurts so bad. 
I have an internship.  #inaperfectworld  
I have an odd desire to play numbers too bad i have no one to play with lol aaww I miss Katherine 
i have an ulcer on my eye.  
I have an uncontrollable hiccup fit going on! 
I have an unhappy baby   She's teething....
I have another headache  I'm starting to get really worried now...
I have anxiety from thinking about the dentist tonight 
I have arrived at school 
i have at least 10 tops that are too tight for me 
I have at least... 5 homeworks to do. :\ First week only, ah. Take it easy, teachers. 
holy cow! staring at this darn screen is giving me such a head ache  Hopefully this day flies by because my head is going to explode!
holy cow, now I'm sick 
holy crap I got home just in time, it just started pouring. 
Holy crap i seriously think i like broke my bladder  ..the repurcussions from the other night have yet to end..
Holy crap it's 4am. 
holy crap it's so nice outside! too bad I gotta spend it ALL inside working 
holy crap this has totally thrown fedo.  #frenchopen
holy crap! a heart cover by the decemberists @ rock the garden.  the boy doesn't quite get the concept of a cover. 
Holy crap! Did they actually add a &quot;dislike&quot; button to facebook??? This does not bode well for my posts. 
HOLY CRAP! I'm so tired, but i cant go back to sleep! 
HOLY CRAP! IT'S ONLY 9:17? THIS IS GUNNA BE A LONG DAY! 
Holy crap! It's raining in LA and I don't have a jacket!  oh no.
Holy crap! Thunderstorm my ass! This is more like hurricane betsy! I just know my backyard is under water again.   
holy crap!!!!! laura that new moon trailer is awesome!!!! taylor lautner no shirt but i almost cried wen he left  I LUV IT!!!
Holy crap, bags and purses hit 121,000 on Etsy! That's a lot of competition  I wonder if I should be worried...
Holy crap, I am so sore! Make it stop!! 
Holy crap, I forgot my headphones 
holy crap, I just screwed up big time. And I mean biiiiiig time 
Holy crap, is it hot in my car without AC  Black interior FTL during summer.
Holy crap, last night was bad... As soon as I get home I'll most likely just go right to sleep. Ugh 
Holy crap.  The stuff in Iran makes me sad and angry. 
Holy crap. End of the month paperwork is such a hassle 
Holy crap. I just realized that i'm gonna be around a bunch of southern baptists for 9 days. Without @ddud3. 
holy crap. slimthug. im following him on twitter right.. and he said im on a boat.. &lt;3 perfection.  damn. twitter got me..  fuck...
holy crap.. me llueve sobre mojado, con amigdalitis 
Holy crapola.  Cramming is not fun.
holy crapp....soo much to do..lookin up kaplan class schdules 
Holy crazy clashes Batman!  Jets V Pohang &amp; StateOfOrigin both kickoff Wed Night 7:30pm 
Holy cripes, Farrah Fawcett died? what a flippin week 
I have a headache  #SaveEarl
i have a headache  and my throat still hurts so much, gosh i wanna sleep but i can`t cause of the aches  i hate so much being sick.!! :l
I have a headache  I'm tired. Hungry. And I hate allergies. Death.
i have a headache  maybe sitting in the sun not a good idea??? 
I have a headache !!  
I have a headache and I feel ill with fever ojala me better soon 
I have a headache and I feel like I'm forgetting something.   and I have to go give blood blah.
I have a headache and it will not go away... am I that fat that two Tylenol won't do the trick anymore? 
I have a headache and its messing with my grove 
i have a headache creeping on me ughh this isn't fierce!! 
I have a headache from hell. 
i have a headache from my headache  
I have a headache now  (Probably because of screaming at passers-by through the Mustang window), I think I'll lie down for a while..
I have a headache starting from the back of my head to my forehead  Oww.
I have a headache thats lasted since this morning. I feel really crappy right now. Can i get some tylenol?! 
I have a headache this big  &lt;---------------------------------------------------------------------------&gt;    and excedrin didn't touch it 
I have a headache this morning. Booo! 
I have a headache today. I don't know how i'm going to get through the day cuz its only going to get worse. 
I have a headache with no medicine 
I have a headache!  not good!
i have a headache! No tylenol or anything either  Mike will be home in an hour and 10 minutes yay. Hopefully he brings some corn nuts.
I have a headache, and I need a ride to Houston tonight 
i have a headache.  blah.... i'm gonna be a whiney-butt now... wah!    
i have a headache.  how sad.
I have a headache.  Why are little first graders so streesful to work with?
I have a headache. AND I have to pee. And my laptop is about to die. FAIL 
I have a headache. I know where I went wrong, I was mixing dark and light. Never do that  but overall lastnight was fun
i have a headache. it's hot and humid and i'm a little cranky. 
I have a headache. Wahhhh 
i have a headache...boo   
I have a headache...it hurt bad 
I have a hectic night, got to cook dinner, wash dishes, take a shower, and write out AE Radio's Script for tomorrow all in 4 hours!!!!! 
I have a history exam today  wish me luck x
I have a hole in my favourite top. I bought it in the sale before Christmas so I can't even get an exchange  might try fixing it later.
i have a HORRIBLE cold/flu and i feel awful. 
i have a horrible headach.  and i pretty much sat on my ass all day. fun fun.
i have a horrible sstomachachee  i need to go home.
I have a huge paper due monday. Have not started 
I have a huge pimple that could might as well be called a underlip piercing 
i have a HUGE!! trig test in math today . and i work tonight  double bummer. 1 1/2 weeks of school left! 
I have a Killer hangover today 
I have a killer head ache and to top it up the sun is killing me its too bloody hot.I think am falling sick 
i have a killer headache 
I have a kinked neck  it really hurts!!
I have a knot in my back 
I have a lisp 
I have a long day today! going to Billsies grad party, study for my math final  then work on a project for English then church! txt me
i have a LONG time i havent been on twitter 
I have a lot of energy tonight for some reason  I wish I could go dancing with the others....mass in the morning. w00t?
i have a lot of exams , projects 
I have a lot of stuff to do at work today 
i have a lot of thinking to do that i don't wanna  but it was a good day at work because i didn't get bitten by dogs...yay! 
I have a lot of toons. 
i have a lot on my mind... my future... poeple i love... saddened 
i have a major headache :/ and it's one of those cry your heart out nights. only thing, i dont have someone to cry to. goodnight 
I have a MAJOR headache now 
I have a massive craving for proper English junk food. All I want is some hula hoops, monster munch, buttons, malteesers and....more!!! 
I have a massive headache and all my 250 advil are gone. Also cleaning the nasty apartment. 
I have a massive headache but im gonna make the effort and go up to uni, dont know how long ill last though 
I have a massive headache man 
i have a massive headache, and the storm outside is scaring me 
I have a MASSIVE headache. I'm going to sleep now. Hopefully this headache will let me sleep. It's right behind my eyes 
i have a massive stomach ache 
i have bad luck. i'm done playing games..  good afternoon
I have bad news. I have been handicaped by a extended life immaturity   all donations excepted.
I have bad sleeping patterns... I need to change this quickly--- not like I have anywhere to be 
I have been awake for approximately  34 Hours 
I have been awake since about 7, I think I have truely forgotten what it feels like to sleep in 
I have been coughing so hard i swear to god i am going to like choke or die something 
I have been CRAVING salty pasta, preferably with cheese on top! Now as I sit in Bertucci's the vast options are threatening a meltdown 
i have been diggin up concrete out of my garden today !!! WOOHOO god i hope life gets better than this cus my hands hurt 
I have been doing dishes since 3. I have the worst job ever. 
I have been dooped. WARNING! In property management ALWAYS check both his and her evictions and background. Could save you months of pain 
i have been eating so much while camping.... when i get home im gonna have to start tredmilling again! 
I have been editing Tee's reel all night and didn't save somethings.. have to almost start over. 
i have been exposed to swine flu thanks to carle and now i have to take antibiotics 
I have been forced to post by Lauren so this is to keep her happy :p still abit ill but will be in tomoro but still cba wit skl though 
i have been kicked out of college cause my grades were to low 
I have been lying awake in bed since 3. Not feelin too well 
I have been nothing but nice to you  you know how scrwd up our family is already..  Please Mandy. Just tell me what I did, i miss u&amp;J!
I have been pushing it way too hard.  Feeling like junk and just needs a cuddle buddy 
I have been reminded once again why i should not drink excessively. 
I have been removing malicious code from a website. We didn't code the site &amp; the dodgy code was added via infected PC not than hacked. 
i have been searching for a pair of forceps to order for an hour.  the sad thing is these forceps will be used to hold a mouse heart 
I have been sitting in traffic on the interstate for an hour 
I have been sleeping all day! I had a dream that there was a murderer at school, Antmen and I separated, and Matt couldn't pick me up 
i have been sneezing a lot today 
I HAVE BEEN SO BUSY NO TIME FOR TWITTER 
I have been sucked into an 8hour vortex researching online CRM solutions, both generic and real estate focused. There's a lot to compare 
i have been suffering from a terrible toothache -  if ya get a bad toothache let me tell you vanilla extract works wonders
I have been thinking about the new iPhone.  Doubling my monthly cellphone bill is a hard decision to make though 
I have been to the hospital to have my back dressed as it now looks like someone has put a hot iron on my back. feels like it too! 
I have been tossing and turning ALL night 
I have been tryong to go to sleep since 945 and I am still awake 
I have been up for ages.  Far too early for a Sunday 
i have been very mean to my mobile phones...i don't check them or charge them...just realized it just now 
I have been watching it on \TV and \jt got killed  SO SAD
I have been working since 4 and now I'm all wet thanks to the pot room. I don't like being in here without all the students  it's no fun.
I have being out of work.  And I missed the volunteer fair today thanks to a migraine. 
I have bellyache.... 
I have better reception in the parking garage than I do in my room! 
I have bloody heart burn and it hurts! 
I have bought a lovely russin doll dress from Polly yay! But have also burnt little circles on my shoulders boo 
I have bug bites already  but this weekend was good....can't wait til next weekend AND THE WEEKEND AFTER THAT
I have changed and i've realized i was wrong. Now i'll never get to see your face. Oh my love. 
i have chiped a bone in my toe from begining to end   and it hurts like a donkeys buttt ....
I have chocolate cake with no icing 
I have church thur and am always forgetting I can watch fbc on line until Thurs. 
I have class now! 
i have cold 
I have cold toes. 
I have cold wet feet   Will be home in about 10 min, can't wait to get a big massive brew and put some socks on!
i have come back from food shopping and my little boy played up terrible..was VERY embrassing 
I have come down with some kind of nasal infection. I really wanted to work on the house and my Mythconduct piece today, but feel yucky 
i have commitment issues. 
i have completely abandoned my late night shows..i feel like a jerk 
i have completely lost my voice!! 
i have cough! NOOO!!!!!!!!!!! Gotta see the doctor... 
I have counted sheep, I have listened to slow music, I have tried to close my eyes in the dark silence... still sleep won't come to me 
i have court tomorrow 
I have crazy amounts of butterflies in my tummy  I just want it to be over!
I have crazy ppl staring at me  and then the cat ran away.
i have de worst  headache ever!!! 
I have decided on white linen 2day, flats of course. Ankle still killin me 
I have decided that I don't like dreams...when they're bad 
I have decided that my perfect man is a combination of John Mayer, Jim Halpert, and Seth Cohen. Basically, I'm doomed to be alone 
i have disappointed @albumcoverart on her quiz 
I have done some gardening today, but not much, a friend is over and we'v just enjoyed a bit of sun. getting chilling and cloudy now 
i have dried up superglue on my thunb 
I have dropped my poor little phone about a hundred times. Dunno if it can make it to europe.... 
I have eaten all my starburst. And all my peanutbutter chocolate pretzels. life is failing 
i have eaten and now my tummys complaining, may have to go and get sick 
i have eaten wayy to much chocolate. And my face is suffering. BREAKOUT 
I have every right to be emo right now and will take this opportunity. 
I have exam in 2 days,poor me 
i have exams tomorrow 
I have fallen deep and hard into being a ball of dried sickness 
I have fallen off the exercise wagon  #fb GREAT monday, NOT!
I have far too much work these days.  It's also the spring, it's supposed to be sunny 
I have figured it out i might have the body of a model however i do not have the eyes because i cannot stair into sunlight for so long 
I HAVE FINALLY FINISHED MY EXAMS! YAAAAY! actual 5th year tomorrow though 
I have finally given in and signed up for a personal twitter account 
I have finsihed my essay - let the holiday begin ... yay .. well till 12 30 when i have to go to work  nice while it lasts though
i have five million things to do today. and all i really want to do is go home and nap. blahhhh. 
i have follower envy 
i have food poisoning from carrabbas 
I have for the first time EVER gone to perezhilton.com! He has videos that I can actually watch! God bless China and her censorship laws 
I have found my Prince Charming.&amp;&amp; it's even better than the storybooks. Also; I miss my friendsss. And seeing them all the time 
I Have Found The Worlds LOUDEST Birds.They Live Outside My Window On Saturday &amp; Sunday Mornings And Start Singing At Apx 5.15am.Arrg Work 
i have geographie next  and I HATE IT!!!!!!!
I have getting sick on vacations. 
i have got a empty belly 
i have got a very red, sore and burnt face  my fault to be honest!
holy flip, so much studying to do 
Holy flying ants!! Scariest things ever! 
HOLY FUCK! I AM SCARED! THE HANDLE OF MY BEDROOM DOOR BROKE OFF AND I CAN'T GET OUT!  THE ONLY THING I HAVE IN HERE IS ME AND MY LAPTOP
holy fuck! this is the fourth DanFraiser bot to follow me in two days! 
HoLY FUck. $32 to fill my gas tank. That BlOWS!!! 
Holy fuckin shit. The people working at baby's r us are insanely retarded. Been in line, at the register for 20 minutes 
Holy FUCKING shit. The world is full of slipknot fans   thank god for TRUE metal. FOR TH LAST TIME THEY ARE NOT FUCKING DEATH METAL!
holy fudgecakes...i think my TwitPic got hacked 
holy gaahhhhh, do not feel well. 
Holy god a bunch of football campers are eating the same time as us... They are all sweaty and terrifying 
Holy god. Giving up smoking was the worst idea ever. First time I've been serious about it. I think I'm gonna cry again haha. Urgh. 
HOLY hangover....don't know what time I got home last night...stupid happy hour 
Holy hell I got my butt kicked at work. 
Holy hell its so busy today.  At least I'm not on express.  My feet hurt 
holy hell now there's lightning too?! wheres jon when i need him. 
Holy hell this headache will not go away... 
Holy Hell! The French Airbus Crashed 
Holy hell...downtown noise is...noisy. Bad enough I'm at work. Worse still I have to listen to I guess construction noise. 
HOLY MOLEY a big watercolour set costs like ï¿½60!!  (if you're going for the artist quality stuff...)  ... murr 
Holy moly Batman!  Lightning storm (over 4,000 strikes) killed my computer, even though it was unplugged.   Came through the phone line.
Holy mother of God... fireworks... 
Holy poopsauce Batman! its been a long day. had fun at the abercrombies, missed the Carters though  hope i feel better in the morning
I have got the major holiday blues! 
I have got the OS 3.0, has any1 got the push notification working with the AIM/beejive or IM+?? please drop me a message cos i cant 
i have got the worst headache ever 
I have gotten zero text messages today..it's kind of sad 
I have grown weary of having responsibilities. 
i have had 5 prank calls in 2 days, some the same, some COMPLETELY different... i really wanna know who it is! 
I have had a 102. Fever all night. 
i have had a awsome day but now im feeling really low 
I have had a good weekend in Manchester but I searched forever for Baby Cakes and when I found it I was rather dissappointed  xxx
I have had a headache all day. Maybe sleep will cure it. 
I have had a lot of headaches this past week  ...better hit the hay
I have had a really nice evening to myself tonight I Have missed the fella though 
I have had a terrible headache all day.  I wish it would just go away 
I have had an eventful day! Got mowed down by woman in a wheel chair! she deliberatly went into me, have very sore ankles now! 
I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I couldn't even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
I have had literally the best easter ever! My brother is going back to uni tomorrow which is not good at all .. I guess I will miss hom 
I have had my iPhone for 6 mo and am now longing for the new one. Video, 2.3 megapixel camera..... Sigh 
I have had no luck with #squarespace yet 
i have had Sports Center on my TV for like a week str8, non stop even @ night..weird. I FEEL BAD FOR LeBron  Next yr the KING will RISE!
I have a mean ass headache!  I need aspirin, NOW!
I have a meeting from 3 - 4!  That time is for twittering, blogging and in normal weeks footytips and dreamteam
i have a migraine 
I have a migraine still  laying down thinking...cats are racing around the house...hungry for DQ rasp. Sundae...hmm http://mypict.me/54O0
I have a migraine today  !!!
I have a migraine!!!   stress from being away from my fiance? maybe lol
I have a mild headache 
I have a mosquito bite on my eyelid. 
i have a mosquito bite right on the top of my foot....  itches like CRAAAAZZYY
I have a nap hangover. 
I have a nasty spider bite on my hand 
I have a new piercing  !!!!!!! love it but it hurt soooooo badlyyyyyy 
I have a new purple iPod nano.  Yay!  My old iPod can't hold its charge so well anymore. 
I have a new tv, and it was very expensive!!! 
I have a non- alcoholic hangover. Thanks to McFly for that one, now it's back to reality   x x x
I have a pain in my chest and a pain in my kidney!  It's killing me! x
i have a pain that will not go away. exacerbated by hanging out with friends.  NOT COOL. ow.
I have a pain! 
I have a persuasive speech to rewrite and memorize. blaaaahhhh. 
I have a pimple.  A little below my left eye, on the cheekbone.  It looks like I got punched in the face. 
Holy shit at last night's set list! I wish I could have been there 
Holy shit dipped in marinara and glazed with basil then fried to a crisp. I'm fucking scared of Kankuro's masturbations recently. 
holy shit I am coughing 
holy shit i can hear myself blink.... oww my ear 
Holy shit I hope those two have a sense of humor, or I'm a dead man 
Holy Shit i just ran over a rabbit 
Holy shit I think I have sunburn  And my back fucking hurts like hell, shit
Holy Shit Im burnt 
Holy shit it is hot out there.  I just got done mowing the lawn and I am turning into a puddle on my new flooring  Thank goodness for AC!!
HOLY SHIT IT'S COLD!!! I Shivering 
Holy shit its like 30 degrees c. That + work = Suffering 
Holy shit last night's Thomas Dybdahl concert was amazing. Didn't get my Animal Crossing joke though 
HOLY SHIT PENISES OMGOMGOMG SO MANY EWWWWWW on embarrassing illnesses  EWWWWWW
Holy shit tonight was horrible...and I don't even have any beer left 
HOLY SHIT! Bad storm. I am currently hugging my /GINORMOUS/ stuffed panda, Tony, and hiding under a blanket. Someone comfort me. 
Holy Shit! Have been waiting for a top important email since past 3 hrs 
holy shit! I wish i was in America just to watch Larry King Live  goooooooosh. SOMEONE PLEASE RECORD IT!!
Holy shit, Betalevel is mad packed, yo. No more TsingTao! 
Holy shit, just got a call from @e_SQUAREED of busted chin fame. holy shit holy shit holy shit   
Holy shit, my 360 blue screened. I am guessing death within a month (if that).  fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
Holy shit, this book. I've never been more terrified in my life. And it's just the beginning 
Holy shit. Being drunk and playing Call of Duty has led to bad consequences. It is 5 AM, turning light, and I am just going to sleep. 
I have a pretty looking outline at 1450 words to go 
I have a purebred boxer male free to a good home in Mel, good with kids, fun, boxer clown dog, sorry to see him go, cant take with us 
I have a rash on my arm... Poison ivy? 
i have a rash on my chest 
I have a really bad canker sore.  At least I get to go to the beach with @jpadamson and @owlex today XD
i have a really bad cold and im not likeing it, and arhh i hurt the inside of my hip in dance yesterday 
I have a really bad cold! 
I have a really bad cough, and nothing seems to fix it 
i have a really bad hangover....  all i want is sleep!!
I have a really bad headache 
I have a really bad headache and I'm fuckin tired. Please feel sorry for me, guyz 
i have a really bad stomach ache 
i have a really bad stomachache 
I have a really bad sunburn on my chest.  It is not fun.  
i have a really really bad feeling abt it... 
I have a really really bad stomach ache   eurghh. Need some paracetamol :'(
i have a really sore throat 
I have a really sore throat! 
I have a really weird headache! It's not regular 
i have a realy bad headache! 
i have a ring that i always loose but it keeps on going back to me.. but yesterday i lost it and never saw it... feel sad about it... 
I have a rubber donkey on my bed. Should i phone the pet detectives ? 
I have a sad feeling that Dallas is not going to show up  I gotta say though, you'd think more shows would use music from the game. mmm
I have a scar on my face and ive never noticed it before  where did it come frommmm
I have a scar right in the middle my nose 
I have a second follower!!! But it looks like it might be two infants and their parents. Looks like I can no longer work blue 
I have a SEVERE case of the Mondays 
i have a sick baby!  ear infections are no fun!!!
I have a sick baby.  Doctor appointment at 2:10. My poor boo!
I have a sick husband who is now asleep after getting home from his gig at 6 this morning, poor thing 
I have a sick little baby Kaden 
I have had the hiccups for the past 4 1/2 hrs.... help!   whatta i do??? ugh? 
i have had this annoying headache/pressure pain for 3 days 
i have had this headache in my eye for 2 days now   O well, tomorrow is gonna be such a good day!
I have had to deal with an extraordinary number of stupid, crazy, and entitlement-complex-having people today.  it quite runs one ragged.
i have headache, i not support today my glasses, im tired of working 14 hours per day, im bored, the computer room... 
I have hiccoughs 
I have hiccups ! 
I have hiccuupppss 
i have hickups ! how do they go away ?         
I have hick-ups.... ouch.  they're hickuping out of me!!
i have high cholesterol 
I have history...absolutely crapping my pants 
i have hives, i think 
I have homework and chores to do plus school starts monday. fml RIP to my wifes gpa 
I have homework in the summer  this sucks &amp; I'm tired..summer's going by toooo fassstt!!
I have homework to do  why was school invented haaa! xx
I have huge head ache 
i have hurricane katrina in my damn bathroom!! 
I have hurt a friend 
i have HW to do 
I have injured my shoulder and a knee ligament and have a swollen ankle. It's not good for my football 
I have insomnia.... 
I have insomnia....I'm listening to 'Gone'.....this is so not going to be a good day... 
I have Interdigital Perineural Fibrosis 
i have iphone os 3.0 but still not the introduced push notification! they also don't mention push on apple.com anymore! 
i have it all in my ehad i really do but then ... i cant say any of it i just cant find the right words to say 
I have javascript codes related to forms and loops 
I have jet lag.  So I went to bed 8 pm last night and woke up 30 minute ago and I CAN'T go back to sleep.
I have judt been told the worst news ever. The shamwow doesnt work like they say 
I have just 11 boxes to complete my APT portfolio and I can do one of them 
I have just 11 boxes to complete my APT portfolio and I can't do one of them 
i have just booked my driving test... again.. 3rd time lucky i hope! Does anyone have any advice on how to overcome nerves? 
I have just burnt 8 pieces of toast then eventually managed to make myself a piece of toast on my 9th attempt! No bread left now 
I have a slight head ache 
I have a small headache 
I have a soar throat today  It hurts. Im revising for film exam at the mo whilst listerning to Green Day! They rule... x x x
i have a sore arm...i just got a needle...owwww..... 
I have a sore neck and a long weekend (not the good long) it's gonna be rough 
i have a sore tail bone    haha and tonsilitis. i'm falling apart!
I have a sore throat 
I have a sore throat  i guess thats what i get for sucking too much cock 
i have a sore throat  i think im comming down with something 
I have a sore throat &amp; a fever of 98.6  Boooo! Going to get some Napoli gelato at Hiroo Plaza, go home, &amp; read The Vampire Diaries in bed.
I have a sore throat and don't like it. But off to physics I go.. 
i have a sore throat, hopefully im not getting strep throat again 
I have a spider bite, and weird places are itching. 
I have a splinter, and I can't get it out. 
I have a splitting headache  going to bed...
I have a stiff neck  
I have a stomache ache from being tired 
i have a strange rash on my ankle from being outside in the garden!! Freakin' Texas outdoors!!! 
I have a stupid headache on my day off. 
I have a sudden urge to go to the nail salon and get tips! I know I know I shldnt, but it looks cool on others...y don't my nails grow 
i have a sunburn mustache!  hahaha
I have a sunburn on my face...it hurts. 
I have a sunburn. That really hurt 
I have a sunburn...and a hyper pitbull who jumps..not pleasant. 
I have a sunburnnn. 
I have a supermalt like taste in my mouth 
I have a temperature of 103.9!!!! OH NOOOOOOO 
I have a terrible cold 
I have a terrible headache 
i have a terrible headache..  i need some poison for my brain immediately!
I have a terrible sore throat and cold! 
i have a test at school  tomorrow  i hate tests
I have a text from many months ago from @rubicund saying 'juicy red whores!'. I wish I remembered what it refered to.  &lt;3
I have a three seater all to myself on the bus. In other words, i'm lonely.  lol
I have a tooth-ache. 
I have a tootheache 
i have a tummy ache   stupid milkshake.
I have a tummy ache  :&gt; LUZ &lt;:
HOLY SHIT. Craven SigSvr is up to 100. SigTor is at a 4 (RARE), and Supercell Composite is a 12. THIS IS INSANE. I want to be there. 
Holy shit. It is so gonna tornado 
Holy shit. Just saw the surgeon who did my last operation. He looks like a getriatic now 
Holy shit. RIP Ed McMahon. 
Holy shit. That thunder actually woke me up! Also tired now 
holy shit....sunday's already over! it's back to holy grail tomorrow   sob sob
holy shitttttttt i just saw the scariest thing ever! 
holy shizah! i forgot my hat. i feel so naked without it. 
holy smokes, anyone else hear about this train crash in DC? i hope my DC friends are okay  love you guys...
Holy smokes, I'm really feeling yucky. Hope it goes away soon, I hate being sick. 
Holy sun burn on my neck! Watching Robert and Hung play B-Ball I wasn't allowed to play not enough people 
Holy thunderstorm! Too bad I can't enjoy it  ...
holy.... it hurts... bad 
holys**t drop by 1  55. rumahabi.com
holys**t drop by 2  102. newsunseo.com
holys**t drop by 2  109. indianpad.com
Home  Bored, yup thats my night as of now.
home  but glad the drive is over
Home ! Showering . Oh on my phone is on its last battery 
HOME &amp; HOMEWORK. 
home ( : .. going to mom's .. then I still don't know what to do this weekend  ..
I have just come to the sad realization that I don't own a flat USB-USB cable. They're all either USB to mini, or square to flat.  
I have just decided that I'm going to start calling the. wii the 'wii-wii'. I wish I had a wiiwii 
I have just discovered amethyst coloured depression glass ... this will be very bad .... very very bad for my bank account ..... 
I have just discovered that in america does not pay the Internet connection!! I live in Italy and we pay it!! This isn't fair!!! 
I have just got home for the second time. I love it when you get home and then realize you took the van keys home with you. 
I have just locked myself out 
I have just realized that I am a shoe whore with very little shoes.  How sad 
I have just seen the fattest whooty ever! Didn't think that was genetically possible (via @Pobbery)...and u didn't take a picture? 
i have just witnessed a comedic (is dat a wrd) masterpiece from Cedric Da Entertainer. Fathers day 2moro n ive forgot da watch in Btown 
I have just woke up, bitten by mosquito ! aaaaaa3333333 Dx in the eye ! 
I have laryngitis - so unfair!! wonderland has turned into a nightmare 
i have lay in the sun allll day and probs haven't even changed colour in the slightest! 
i have learned more 
I have left my weeks shopping in the fridge at work  no food for me until tomorrow.
i have left too many NEEEKY tweets to celebs. yet no replies  . least it made ellie laugh aye.
I have like absolutely no clean clothesss 
I have a tummy ache and no remidies seem to be working 
I have a tummy ache, and no one to help me feel beta 
I have a tummy ache. 
I have a tummy ache. Ouchy boo-boo. 
I have a very bad feeling about the #Finals bc I couldn't get pre-sale tix 
I have a very burnt face 
i have a very important decision to make by june 21 2009... 
i have a very sick pup 
i have a veryy hard bet with a friend i have to have 100,000 followers and she too :S omg i have to win! but i don't think 
I have a volunteer project in 30 mins. I don't like driving in the rain 
i have a whistle lollipop that doesn't whistle 
I have a whole fiance AAAND a room-mate... So how did I end up home alone on a Friday night?!  lame
I have a wicked (thank you Boston girls) sore neck and a GRUMPY baby boy....I wanna go cry 
i have a yucky burn 
I have a yucky tummy ache 
I have a yucky ucky headache. AND a sore throat. 
I have about 5 cases for my BlackBerry Bold and one of them is useful  now iam in a shop and looking forward 2 buy a second useful case
I have all the focus of a goldfish. =_= It is too early to be considering avoiding homework. 
I have also booke my return ticket tooooo 
I have always dreaded this day. My Nuru wrecked and now I have to wait for a call letting me know he's ok.  wtf. Its too nice for this!
i have ALWAYS had a great sympathy and love for inanimate objects. i feel so bad for them because they can't talk or defend themselves. 
I have an ache of the headness sort  Not enough sleep &amp; too bright outside after my nightshift. Reason to be grumpy 
I have an Anatomy Lab Exam tomorrow. Does that type of muscle belongs to the Cat? or Human? ...Dog? 
Home .... gotta work 2morrow 
home // so bloody tired now  // cold rock take two tonight? hopefully
home ; missin mah baby ! 
Home abt to get that wii fit in since I'm not going to the track today and then to the open house, and I just remembered veggies only 
Home after #mwpkn Would have loved to have stayed and mingled but couldn't face sitting outside 
Home after a long day at work, no break, no lunch. I'm starvinggg and fell like shit 
Home after a nice Saturday. I can only log on everyonce in a while. Computer is on the fritz  
home after a very productive day because of this stupid weather  No pay again this week lets hope next week is much better!
Home after hanging out with Jesus. I'm having problems installing Majora's Mask on Wii 
Home again  I miss the 'loo' already!
home again  Weather here isn't too good unfortunately, rain, rain, rain.  xxx
Home again after a hard day at the office on a Sunday  I have a full few weeks ahead of me - lunch was noice tho
home again from weekend at parents house. Has to do math the whole day 
Home again hate this weather though it's awful tbh 
Home again, back to work.    
Home again, home again. Jiggidy Jig.  http://twitpic.com/2yi9c
home again, loved last night, I'm feeling cheerful. I hope James' nan is okay though 
I have little tomatoes growing! But bugs are chewing my poor pepper plant to pieces. 
I have load! But no battery. lol  this sucks hard!
I have locked myslef out of the house. 
I have lost all my money!! 
i have lost my best friend im such an idiot 
I have lost my black bow!!! Yes, I am rather distrort! 
I have lost my i-pod 
I have lost my new shirt. I think I may have left it in the bag, and then threw the bag out when i filled it up with garbage. 
I have lost my phone to a tradgic water accident. 
i have lost my to-do list 
I have lost my voice and now i can't sing!!!! 
I have loved Windows 7 Beta so far...but it just took a MASSIVE shit on me!  
i have made myself the most awful sandwich for lunch today... its falling apart in my hands  and just looks really miserable!
I have many things to do today 
I have moments where i think to myself at least im not the bigggest idiot when i drink. Which doesnt say much about the people around me 
I have moobs 
I have more mosquito bites on my ass than you can imagine. All through my shorts and a mesh lawn chair! How bloody rude of them... 
I have more shit wrong with me than a 109 year old woman. Im pathetic. 
I have mostly spent this weekend feeling I'll on the sofa 
I have MRI tomorrow 
I have much cold...... 
i have my 2nd injection soon :S the 1st 1 didnt hurt it was like the after affect my arm killed 4 like 5 days  x
I have my bed back! Yay! Wolfing down a sarnie then time for some old school GTA. Dentist tomorrow = 
I have an ear infection and getting on a plane in 14 Hours 
I have an ear infection.. 
I have an earache and my allergies are out of control.. Havin a bad reaction to something.. Very irritable.  Work in the am, goodnight.
I have an endless pile of laundry and my closet is almost full 
i have an english book to read by tomorrow morning  i dont think i will be able to roves on
i have an exam after 5 hours  and i have to study 50 pages but my head is blocked  wa3 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i have an exam if i fail i am out of accy 
I have an exam now. Only problem is, I haven't started studying yet. 
I have an extremely bad headache...... 
I have an extremely bad toothache 
i have an eye infection  total bummmmer. but i really don't even care because i am seeing nevershoutnever and the ready set tomorrow &lt;3 !
I have an F in history  ugh
I have an hour to study for my next test  yikes.
i have an icepack on my head  .
I have an infection in my eye  it's so sore and really red and puffy 
I have an intense urge to bake all night. Cookies, bars, cake, and pies. Fuck, even tarts. But my family is asleep. 
i have an ipod nano i never use.tut for the love of all things Apple 
I have an IQ of 136 only.. :O 
i have an issue trusting ppl thats bad 
I have an Italian, Sose, Science and math test tomorrow  I really should study now...but I dont want too :p
I have an owwwie in my brain  make it go away.
i have an ulcer in my mouth  it is annoying me greatly
I have an upper respitory infection 
i have another med. test today!  
I have ants in my room!!  &amp; since I left my laptop on the floor they got inside &amp; IDK how to get them out. Bug spray &amp; vacuming are out 
I have aphids on my rosebush  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aphid
I have aquired a headache 
I have assignment due by midnight in professional writing class &amp; I really wish I was already done with it Luv writing thought Id like it 
i have at least 10 mosquito bites! ahhhh soo itchyyyy 
Home again. Back from looking at houses... 
HOME ALONE  3 days absent. i miss my gals!!
home alone  was meant to go to brighton, but couldn't face getting up at 6 so went back to sleep haha 
home alone  watching run's house and dying my hair.
Home alone  What do u do w/ a CD u love but cant listen 2 bc it reminds u of that 1 thng u dont wanna thnk of?
home alone  where is everyone
Home alone :/ im always such a loner 
home alone again on a fri night 
home alone again. 
Home alone again......YAY!!!! BUT STILL HAVE TO DO MORE CHORES.....UGH 
home alone all weekend. my mama gave me $$$ for food. and what do i do with it? buy alcohol. I'M HUNGRYYYYY  i kinda want..... sushi. haha
home alone and doing my final project, sucks!! 
Home alone and hungry 
home alone and no one left me any gummy bears 
Home alone during a thunderstorm.. scary.. 
Home alone for 1 week  Mari is in POA snif snif snif....
Home alone for 2 weeks cos the entire family is leaving for NYC at midnight tonight 
Home alone for the week... Getting up before 6:00 to drive to the airport sucks 
Home alone nothing to do 
home alone this weekend 
Home alone tonight 
home alone tonight  a taste of what to come. Pizza for 1, print up some Mcfly tabs. like to nail the ROTF solo... thinking of KSJ XXX
Home alone tonight.   Any movie ideas?
Home alone without my T...... twiddling thumbs...... 
home alone, day 3. boooring. can't sleep all day  i tried.
home alone.  saturday night and nothing to do. how lame.
Home alone...Time to sing out loud! &quot;You had your deams I had miiiine!!!&quot; I just sneezed and hurt my throat 
Home and exhausted from vac09. Back to work  
Home and I forgot my choc peanut buster parfait at my parents. Sooo sad.    And I didn't eat any of it yet. boohooo
Home and in bed *yawn* should have slept there. Beds empty  boo
Home and in bed. I miss my fort 
Home and not feeling well  going to take a nap !
Home and off to bed with Dan Brown's 'Deception Point' on audiobook. Gorgeous day... Wish I didn't have to sleep through it 
I have my driving test later this week and I'm SO not ready. I haven't driven at all lately 
I have my movie downloaded, ugh now to put it on a disk. So far no luck 
I have my own personal stocker!!!!  :S ohhh great. every 30 mins i recieve a text, but ignore it, but then recieve another one! :S
I have my sister's fucking SHITE song she pays oveer and over again in my head... 
i have my tongue pierced? but there wayy common nowadays 
I have N O T H I N G to wear 
I have Naval drill this weekend and we will be having a command picnic but zero alcohol while on duty  
i have neglected twitter l8ly 
i have netball training  byeeeee &lt;3 its so freaking cold!
I have never been able 2 upload one yet. 
I have never been so cold in my life 
I have never been sooo tired...when is this shift going to be over 
I have never been this upset over a 85.7 
I have never felt safer or more at peace then when yoU would hold me iN Your arms and Kiss mE. 
i have never felt so bad in my life, i hurt tha one person that means tha most to me. nd i dont know why i did. gahd, i love him so much. 
I have never had a blue smurfy lovefest 
i have nine bug bites on my left leg. it makes me sad 
I have no  follwers  DEVO!!!!
I have no bread for my sandwich  So...I'm eating everything sans bread! Nom.
I have no clue what to get Dad for Father's Day. 
i have no coffee again  no filters damniit! wah!
I have no coke 
i have no control over this im being pushed to my limit 
i have no desire to go to work today AT ALL 
i have no emails 
I have no energy  I'm dyin...
I have no followers ..... 
i have no followers. 
i have no followers.  some1 please help!
I have no friends 
I have no friends  ......
I have no friends! So lonely since my roomies are gone  I miss @bellakinesis !
i have no friends(emailing me) 
i have no game. 
I have no hair, ahhh my wonderful hair 
I have no honey   How am I supposed to make ginger glazed mahi mahi without honey??? This is madness
I have awoken this morning to the distinct feeling that a semi truck has run over mr body and then backed up and did it all over again.  
I have bad news my friends... I am no longer a FOX Employee. As of today I've become a victim of budget cuts 
i have bad ocd today 
I have beat deadspace in two days .. and not had sex recently... those two definitly go hand and hand i'd think. pssh ... Video Games 
I have become addicted to tabasco sauce. 
i have become my mothers slave. 
I have become severely backed up with work and I know I can handle if I commit to no fun for a week or so 
I have been a fan for years. I bought the t-shirt. I've even been to the show. But, I am officially weary of D. Letterman's act. 
I have been abandoned at the fair! 
I have been averaging 4 hours of sleep a night...I feel like I am in a twilight zone right now...All I want to do is sleep and I can't! 
I have been banned from @justintv and I have no idea why. It happened while I wasn't broadcasting so I'm pissed...and heartbroken. 
I have been bitttt alot, that or i got the plague or summat 
I have been cheating on myspace with FB &amp; now FB is tring to break up with me   Twitter is my mistress so she is understanding.....
I have been decieved for all these years HIP HOP NEVER LOVED ME  *** who has tissues****
I have been doing maths for pretty much 7 hours straight now, my brain is actually hurting 
I have been feeling so butterfly-heartful all evening. I hope i get to see her at the game tomorrow  she doesnt know if shes going or not
I have been going to sleep by like 11 at the latest lately. I can't believe its almost 2am and I'm still up. I feel ashamed  haha
I have been guilty of calling people talent too 
I have been in so much pain w my stomach for the past 1/2 hour or so. Don't wanna have to go to the ER again  just took about 5 Advil
I have been lazy allll morning...shoulda exercised before work....now to work allllll day 
i have been left with a mess.. 
I have been listening to show tunes for the past week and now I can't stop singing them.  Depressing. Put a window in today!
I have been mean these past few nights (weeks?) -- sorry. 
I have been neglecting twitter  i'll work on that tomorrow. Goodnight!
home and sms job hunting!  sigh....most marketing positions are frozen!
home and still half drunk, watching tru confessions and CRYING @shippensburg fell asleep 
home and SUPERRR tired  booo!
home at last. Long weekend. Some plants dead  Opps.
Home at last. Loooong day at work again tomorrow 
home at last. unpacked and laying on my bed.... grandma will have the twins home any minute now 
Home at last.but im annoid cuz im not aloud a nap 
home back to reality  misss day26 bowow souljaboy nd songssss fun 2days! *
Home board 
Home briefly for dinner and then off for the rest of my root canal 
Home by myself. Wishing i was in Bton at the MAS for Absolute Justice 3. 
home cause all the hott guys left  and i was hungry :pp i got tanner!! kinda.. lol
home chillin with ma gyals dem... Sittin here thingking  I need sum Hugg feelin alone 
home- didn't go to school today because i was feeling like crap 
Home doing laundry 
Home doing nothing on a Saturday....I work tonight  got to make a living somehow while im getting my degree
home drinking bored alone 
home early cuz i have school tomorrow 
home early. popped a rib out out while partying - don't ask how.... lol. I guess I'm just that much of a party animal! 
Home ec 
home finally went to dance strait from a 5 hour car ride. wow that was interesting... Going to bed, still havent started french isu. 
Home finally!... Still can't move my stuff yet  tired &amp;hungry and I need to find a ride to the story so I can finish thee Fathers Day gift
home finally. so tired, my feet hurt and my back. 
I have no idea - what in the world do you do here?  I think I like facebook lots better.  
i have no idea how this works 
i have no idea how to comment to people... 
I have no idea how to post on twitter off my cell 
I have no idea how to tweet!! 
i have no idea how to use this thing 
i have no idea how to work this! its too hard 
I have no idea how to work twitter  New to this...
I have no idea of how this whole Twitter thing works.... I'm new here, and totally lost!    Somebody help me!!!!!!
i have no idea what i'm doing or where i'm going, i want to find a career i can be passionate about and can accomplish it 
I have no idea what to get my dad 
i have no idea what to have for dinner. i've been so hungry lately, more than usual. i don't want to undo my weight loss 
I have no idea what you guys are talking about. I feel like im not a bro of yours anymore 
I have no idea what's going on in the twitter world, senior week is killing my tweeting streak  someone update me please
i have no idea why thunder wakes me up every damn time, but it does - 4 hours of sleep. 
I have no idea? I don't use one so I've never looked. Sorry 
I have no interest in the spymaster game. No time. This is now as bad as facebook apps. 
I have no Internet and I must scream (about the fact that I have no Internet). 
I have no internet now 
I have no internet or cable... Time warner fails so hard 
I have no internet! Still using phone. 
i have no life  lol
i have no money! i want to watch smackdown and ecw live in manila! in araneta! my fave wrestler's are gonna be there! like jeff hardy! 
I have no more rehearsals to go to  I feel lost!!!! LOVE YOU MOOSES. xxxx
I have no more work to do today and am not allowed to leave before 4  As dashing as I look in uniform, I'd rather be elsewhere.
I have no motivation to knit tonight 
I have no one 
I have no one to play against on DS Mario Kart... Lame  I need more games or something.
I have no pencils 
I have no pic   I'm trying to change it and it's not working!
I have no plans for today except an opticians appointment! 
I have no power 
I have no school tomorrow yay!!! But I have finals on Friday and Monday 
i have no second name  the doctor told my mom that shes gonna have a son... well.. suprise suprise its a girl ... lol
i have been on many nature walks today. okay i've been on like 2 but that's more than usual. pretty sure i've burnt my arms ... ouch :/ 
I have been sad this whole week, and idk why    Chelsea made it all the more better :') We're gonna shop for bffl necklaces tmrw &lt;3
I have been sick for 8 days 
i have been sick these days 
I have been sitting here and I still can't seem to figure out a creative tweet for my #squarespace entry 
I have been stabbed though 
I have been summoned. 
I have been thinking way too much lately, and its all finally getting to me  and its hitting my stomach hard as fuck...
I have been told that I tweet too much  
i have been trying all day but i simply cannot find the motivation to start this five page paper. 
I have been ultimatum'd. If I don't get a job soon, the parentals are coming to take me home. 
I have been unbelievably out of the loop in terms of news and politics lately...I miss the College Republicans at UCF (@ucfcrs). 
I have been up all night and in tremendous amounts of pain!!  Whine over.  Pleased to see it's another beautiful day 
I have been up an hour already... on a Sunday too! 
i have been up for like 2 hours 
i have been with out a phone for a whole month 
I have being SOO depressed currentlig  I'm not sure why... So if you how to make me happy, tell me 
I have bird poop on my back 
I have bites on my neck 
i have boogies 
i have bra issues today. i hope i have not put on weight 
i have bronchitis in the middle of the summer....lucky me. 
i have bruises on my back nd they r sore 
I have cabin fever but my baby boy is sick so no b-day party for us  I don't wanna be in bed all dayyyy
i have cabin fever eye 
I have cake. It is chocolate. I have no cream  How can a man survive on such meager nomage? It's like eatin Frosties with your hand 
I have church this afternoon and I should call Edwin. He probably thinks I bailed. I hate talking on the phone 
i have class alll day till 7:30  and 5 sections of math to do tonight!
I have clocked out for possibly my last time at Northview Middle School. 
I have cof, a cold and I like lost my voice  poor me
I have come to the conclusion just now [if JUST NOW means 10 years ago] That I am a magnet for assholes. But @TimBrownson won't help me 
I have coursework to do 
i have crashd my iphone  i put this on itunes sunday evening when i'm back in berlin, shittttyyy
I have created a monster!! On a sidenote I am able to post pics but I can't upload my profile pic   I'm going to try TwitPic like cuz said
i have cried enought tears today to make my eyes burn. and make them bright red        simple plan &quot;worst day ever&quot; ? http://twt.fm/115414
I have da munchies &amp; there's nothin 2 eat n my house  I have started 2 eat girl scout cookies...not da rite decision but they sure r good!
I have dead feet jaja, but it was worth, today &quot;event&quot; jaja, I'm very tired and it's raining 
I have decided my room needs to be more 'quirky', so Angel gave me a mirror! And my 'a' button isn't working too well either 
i have decided not to go to atl ;____; don't kill me 
I have decided that I do not like not being able to have stimulating, intelligent debates and conversation at home 
I have decided to come to this school despite my very disappointing experience 
I have defensive driving class tonight  no so happy!!
I have determined that my cold is still with me....guess I'll be doing a lot of nothing tomorrow 
I have discovered that eating the sugar packette's found in my purse do no cure migrain headaches 
I have discovered this evening that the &quot;Tree Pose&quot; is not kind to those with inner thigh hair.  
I have dodgy followers... 
i have done something stupid again! 
I have done something to my leg/knee. not sure exactly where the pain is coming from yet. right leg, so I'm a bit worried about driving. 
I have done the party circuit today. Not one of them was for me 
I have dropped 14 spots  Go vote ! Please and thank you ! http://www.areallygoodejob.com/video-view.aspx?vid=msBkCcbgWUE
i have drunk all the strongbow 
I have drunk hickups. I had a pretty laid back, great night. But I still can't help but be mad about the situation I put myself in 
I have dryballs (dry eyeballs) again today.  Where's my Systane??
I have DSLR camera envy.  And now is an especially bad time for me to be coveting such expensive toys. 
i have eaten too many sweets today. my tummy hurts 
I have eaten too much chocolate bunny...burp!  feel sick 
I have electrodes strapped to my back. It hurts 
I HAVE ENTIRELY TOO MUCH SHIT TO FIT INTO A SEDAN!!!!!  i give up  check out at 10:45am? PiSH POSH!!!!
I have everything for France  Now I just needa pack... 
I have exam tomorrow morning 
I have exceeded my Twitter API limit. Gosh. Was too excited about Singapore trending .. Can't tweet anymore  anyway i am going for a jog
I have expensive hopes and dreams   Damn traveling.
I have extreme headache , what would you advise me to do with that ? 
I have failed miserably 
I have failed my maths today 
i have failed you, martha. 
i have felt like complete crap for 3 days now.  someone bring me some foooodddd!
I have finally decided to not renew my season Ticket, No more trips to Ewood Park every other weekend 
I HAVE FIVE SLIDES!! Only two or three more, I just want this doooooooooone with 
I have NO signal @ this place! I have to go outside to send a message. 
i have no social life!!!! 
I have no social nightlife!!!  damn 1st on the wkends!!!
I have no vacation  im working
I have no voice 
I have no voice!!! WTF???? I miss hearing myself talk about nothing 
i have no way of listening to any music no laptop, no itunes, no limewire and ipod is dead 
I have no work 
I have nobody to talk to since @captainfromCDU and @downesy started their twitaffair 
I have none  plus they taste like shit.
I have noone to hang with tonight.  because of @amypetersenb 's stupid mom haha hit me up if ya wanna chillax!
I have not been home since 630 this morning.. Longest day ever, I just want my bed! 
I have not been ignoring u twitter I just forgot my password 
I have not been on the phones in 2 days and still no voice!  And my throat hurts 
I have not received a birthday card  BOOHOOOO
I have not rite to be jealous, but paranoia mixed with past experience.. throw in the fact that I'd've loved to've been there.. 
i have not seen transformers. 
I have not slept this bad in a motel in a long long time.  
i have not told my mom that i will attend the party of my friend later! what will i do?!?!? 
I have not tweeted in so long! Work tomorrow till 9 
I have nothing better to do but go to bed 
I have nothing but anger right now. Go Pens. 
I have nothing sexy to wear to fetish night!  i am always under dressed and not as pretty as my friends i hate it.
i have nothing to do  i need someone to cheer me up! 
I have nothing to do for 4 hours 
i have nothing to do in sculpture class but study  i want to make a flower pot.
i have nothing to do not much ppl online 
I have nothing to do today  i wanted this now its getting old
I have nothing to do today. 
i have NOTHING to do today. bitches. 
I have nothing to do without a stable internet connection. 
I have nothing to do without watching TV 
I have nothing to look forward to now 
i have nothing to twitter about today. 
I have nothing todo, and i cant sleep. Help! 
I have nothinggg to wear  I need clothes. Well actually I need a job to buy those clothes :/
I have Flu @RachelLock22  I hope it's not the Swine!! X
I have forgotten what it's like to get more than 3 hours of sleep at a time  
i have found another natbite. totalling at 11 now - fgs. they are SO inchy  bad times.
I have found myself in a funk. I hate being in funks and I hope this one doesn't last. Support is not where it should be tonight. 
I have found that when my parents force me to be, it actually works as reverse psychology and keeps me up till all ends of the night.  
I have found the most beautiful shoes in the world. I want them so badly it hurts inside 
i have fucking shin splints!!!! im in pain.....DRUGS PLEASE......i never realised they could be so painful 
I have gas and i hurts me 
i have gastric now 
I have given up on my original account ( @ImJoeDaddyBitch ). Twitter has unexplainably locked me out. Hope it never happens to you...   
I have given up on traveling after convo thanks to the swine flu! Will go back early instead 
I have glass stuck in my phone 
i have gone through 3 of the 5 films today. i hate being poorly 
I have good news and bad news good grease 2 is on bad i cant find the cheese! I think someone ate it!  Kat Woman OUT 
I have got a busy day ahead of me! I have to go to a million different places AND finish my homework. 
I have got another effing spot. Plus swine flu. My life is over 
I have got bad sunburn in very random patches!!  http://yfrog.com/0ggi9j ahh memories
i have got some smart words to say, but forgot it after couple meetings 
i have now finished my english coursework,, now got to make a start on the rest of it.  xxx
I have officially broken the earbuds that came with my iPod!!  I need new ones!
I have officially declared falling asleep impossible  But I'm sleeeeepyyyy...
I have officially given up all hope on going on an awesome trip. I hate our economy 
I have officially given up on my quest for Bad Girl. What I wouldn't give for just one more can... 
I have officially hit a wall. 
i have officially hit the wall, totally nonfunctionalproductive at work 
I have officially left cold lake, passed the sail boats and everything ! How sad 
I have officially worked my last day at my &quot;new&quot; job. 
I have one more day to say good bye to my dog. 
I have one of those cuts in my mouth I cant stop rubbing my tongue against 
I have one of those mad cravings that will only eat away at you until you get what you want, for ice-cream, but there's none in the house 
I have one weekend left before TAM and WAAAY too much stuff to do 
i have only been up for around an hour and al ready this day has been so crap  i wana cry  xx
I have only been working for three and a half hours, but it feels like forever!  
I have only two (2) followers...I'm as unloved and unpopular as I was in 9th grade. 
I have over 32 pages of favorites on Flickr.  It's killing me not to have my own darn camera 
i have over 50 mosquitobites!! my legs look funny and it itches 
I have over fifty pending request on FB from people I do not know, and people I wish I did not know 
I have paint where you wouldnt think it possible to have paint!! Oh dear  Time for a long soak in the bath methinks
I have parked and have also realized I forgot my camera. Sad  #wordcamp
i have pink eye 
I have pins and needles  I could really go for those $1 ice creams on orchard rd (:
I have pneumonia... UGH. The doctor says i should go back tonight and see if it is for sure, hopefully its just a bad flu. 
i have poop on my shirt and a insanely cracked screen on my iphone. daaaang. 
I have probably watched all episodes of NCIS but this one with Gibbs in the hospital depresses me 
I have grown to be too stupid to read, apparently. 
I have had 2 days of TV control, and there is damn near nothing worth watching 
I have had a great day watching my talented daughter play footy for her mate's team. They didn't win 
I have had a headache for a week and a day! 
I have had a rough day. I know this week will be so sad 
I have had the hiccups since midnight yesterday. If I have to hiccup for another day I swear I will shoot myself 
I have had the William Shatner version of Rocket Man in my head for 3 days now. It's fucking distracting 
i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
i have had two weeks. whhyyyy did i leave my two essays and other catch up stuff for today? whyyyyyyyyy. 
i have hayfever  jus look up my nose n u can see the bogeys yuky   layton seems to think its normal to pick... http://tinyurl.com/kple2k
I have headache. Fantastic!! 
I have heard the song The Climb by Miley Cyrus like 5 times today... Ugh. 
I have heartburn 
I have heartburn like whoa.   Not that it would help... but I wish I had a redbull.
I have hiccups 
i have hiccups  and my 9000th Tweet 
i have hiccups again ! I get them at least once a day at the moment 
I have hiccups.  I can't remember the last time I had hiccups. sucks.
i have homework already and my class doesnt start until tomorrow.. this sucks 
I have homework to do  I miss being in half term.
I have however just gained another bloody cat! Whoop 
I have huge stress in recently!! 
I have huge, super itchy bug bites all over my arms and legs  help.
I have hungry... 
I have hurt my finger very badly 
I have icecream! Omfg. Addicted to pokemans. :] Wishing I could cuddle with Aimee.. gonna miss her like crazy over the next 3 days. 
I have problems with internet    Waiting Camila!
i have problems with oceanup..canï¿½t visit the page :'(..donï¿½t know if they have updates i could post 
I have put off cleaning up my house for long enough. I must do it now. That means I will be up all night 
I have realized that I am inspired love of a person who probably will never manage to know, and it simply is killing me slowly ...!! 
I have really bad cramp in my legs and i have to walk to work soon 
I have really rude family members, im pretty sure im the only one with manner...and that doesnt smell 
i have rehearsals 2moro so we have to cut our trip short  im tht sad they have to end there trip bcuz of me 
I have research I have to do nd exam marrrah 9a3ab 2moro 
I have resorted to sneaking into my living room (which has cable) to watch tmz. 
I have rowdy farms tan! 
I have run out of toilet paper, deodarant, and food. 
I have safely arrived back in HELL. 
I have said this already on Facebook but I really do love James McAvoy. Do you think he would marry me if I asked very nicely. 
i have school again tomorrow. 
I have school tomorrow  ... Good night!
I have school tomorrow along with aths training... Life sucks at the moment  Why must i train and learn? is it really neccessary?
I have school tomorrow which means... NO TWITTER &amp; BONES UNTIL I GET HOME    I am annoyed !
I have scoured the internet for the Star Trek icons by Alex Hertzog, and they are still no where to be found  sigh...
i have seen the capter more badly and satly of all y am crynngg haha!!! 
I have serious back cramp from playing the sims 3 
I have several rivers of chocolate where innocent eggs once were, I hope it wasn't a painful journey for them as I feel very guilty!!  x
i have severe anxiety right now...severe   this is no good...calm down kq calm down
I have severe Defqon depression 
I have jam pants 
i have jammed my finger in the door.  ouch!!
I have jumped over to tweelow after Mr. Tweet was acting crazy was not updated freezing up on me think peeps tweets may have gone out 2x 
I have just arrived from Italy ! Miss my bed 
I have just been to the pet shelter. Marvin was not there 
I have just been told I didn't get the house I wanted to buy 
I have just been waiting in xray, ashame they moved me to the outpatients clinic! I HATE WAITING FOR THEM OVER THERE... takes so long 
i have just blitzed majorly!!!!!!!!!!!! feel very good now .... wont last, as soon as school run it will be tip again! 
