i might die before 4pm.... this is going to be  ALONG day 
i might get to learn some 30 seconds to mars songs on the guitar! i hate the fact i haven't been playing for long enough to be real good 
I might go to foxwoods tonight and boston tomorrow  but sake bombing next week or saturday if i dont end up going
I might go to Greggs. If it's still open. Only eaten half a bagel today 
I might have 2 switch my blackberry 4 a new phone. My tracker ball keeps sticking &amp; its getting annoying 
I might have a flutter on Gordon leaving office by midnight June 13th. Odds are 9/4. If I were brave I'd stick £20k on it. A tenner it is 
I might have a problem...the rod in my closet that holds all my clothes just broke. 
I might have to fire someone today. 
I might have to re-do my twitter account 
i might not be able 2g2 watch mtv awards...nor do i no wen its on....booooo! 
i might not see Capitol today. 
I might re-install my Windows XP. It's really slow! 
I might take a short little nap right now... Like half an hour... My head hurts from not sleeping... 
i might try the blue stuff later but i'm not sure. i think i'd rather have the purple stuff...i miss pitch black 
i miising him right know 
i min ago i had 4 ....ah---ah--no i had 3 follwers now i have none 
i mis mike  blahhh. but i'm seeing him this weekend! and hes sleeping over! yayay &lt;3
i mis RBD 
i mish greg, i feel like, i havent heard from him, in forever  ok like two days... xx
I love the fact my 11mo has a regular nap schedule...but I miss being able to go to my LLL meetings 
I love the fact that I am already up.  Yay for only getting three hours of sleep.  
I love the good weather but I don't at times cos of my bad hayfever 
I love the guy from Cake Boss' voice, I wish he would make me a Britney Spears cake. 
I love the iPhone battery  #fowa
I love the Lets Make A Mess tour, too bad there arent anymore close shows. 
I love the money but I hate my job  1 more year to go, HOPEFULLY!: I love the money but I hate my job  1 mor.. http://tinyurl.com/n7d6gb
I love the poulenc!  Unfortunately, I've done it so many times, putting it on my masters recital would be bad form 
I mish my Lubby real badsh. 
I miss  the old journeys crew. I just seen berto!!!  sad teary face!!!
I miss  you.... 
i miss &quot;mr.&quot; 
I miss ....... Terribly 
I miss @AnneBlackwood 
i miss @ashsimpsonwentz cant believe its been almost a year since i met her. Wish it would happen again!  xo
I miss @benji_west right now..  I wonder where he is...
I miss @danielleamann  i havent seen her in ages
i miss @danilovesmusic where are you my dear  miss you sooo ...
I miss @ddlovato and @selenajoey sooooo much 
i miss @dea_freaky  i love you bbe &lt;3
i miss @Errrrrrrin and @malahwee 
I Miss @Eviie_Xo 
I miss @glasgirl - I never really noticed before that I talk to her nearly every day 
I miss @HeartMileyCyrus so MUCH!! 
I miss @hisonia already 
I miss @hiuxing. I haven't talked to her in like two days 
I miss @igopewpew and chalula already 
I miss @itsJKeith too. 
I miss @jackley7 especially because she's enjoying tequila without being at lizzie's 
I miss @JarZ  i want to cuddling him coz i feel sad and down
I miss @jasmyne7575 so so so so so much! 
I miss @jonfisher. He's away from his desk all day. No Twitter Talk. 
i miss @juminintendo already 
I miss @kaylapace .... even though I kno she ain't missin' me...but it's ok...no one misses me anymore. 
I miss @kyle120693 best friend i cannot wait to see you! 
i miss @mlq3 @caffeinesparks @dementia @marocharim @juned and ebribadi 
I miss @motheboss !!!  tweet tweet!!!
i miss @mrs_unreal   
I miss @muzzel lots and lots. It sucks. Booooooooo *thumbs down*!!!! 
i miss @nicolekman  come over tomorrow... god thats a bad sign we are soo antisociable ahaha
I miss @npattee @marinaaaaaaaa and @ggsmalls sooo much! I need to go to the ICC soon  I completely forgot about last weekend
I miss @parishollins  my babe is sick and IM partying it up in rehoboth! Love you baby!  I'll b home tomorrow!
I miss @roxettehowe 
I miss @shannonsgoat *sigh*  and yay the pipastrel bats are back flying over the garden  Poor   moths     nite again huggs
I miss @telemaniatik so much.... not even funny anymore 
I miss @therealsuri 
i miss @TokyoLove more!  plus i have gossip to tell u maybe ill C u sunday
i miss @whateverkrystalstwitteris 
I miss @woahitsdashaa 
I miss @yuukicherry so bad. hope she'll be home soon. 
I miss _______ like crazy!     But I know that he never misses me, or ever thinks of me...
I miss a lot of people. 
i miss abby  aha, stupid rich i say. hes stealing her off me!
I miss accounting 
I miss Adam Lambert 
I miss Adam Samberg  can I haz my baby back?
i miss aidan. epically 
I miss aishah alot 
i miss all my chobots friends 
I MISS ALL MY FRIENDS!!!!!!! I WANT TO GO BACK TO SKOOL FOR MY FRIENDS 
I miss all my girls 
i miss all of my cousins 
i miss all of the old tv shows 
i miss all the cool people when they stream live on ustream. first ice-t and now jim jones  bummed.
I miss all you guys  be back soon! X
I MISS ALLY  GRLLLLLL COME BACK TO ME I MISS U SO MUCH I NEED SOME ONE TO HANG WITH
i miss amber, expecially now cuhz im tryna smoke a blunt  BItCH COME BACK
i miss american idol season 7 
I miss Angela.  Does she have twitter @SpeedyRockett?
I miss Animal Collective. 
I miss april.  tomorrow better be better.
I miss ARIEE 
I miss Ashlee 
I miss Aya. &amp; my stuffed toy which he named Bulca Chong. 
I miss Baby Bottle Pop 
I miss Backyard Burgers 
I miss Baseball  ***the band not the sport***
I miss being able to eat tamales 
I miss being able to sleep 12 hours straight 
I miss being able to visit Twitter at work  It doesn't take up much time and it was one of my only outlets, a way to get through the day.
I miss being away from my computer when I do a new injection site 
I miss being excited about the first day of school. I especially miss shopping for school supplies and obsessing about note-taking. 
i miss being in a 3G network  *~Goober Joe~*
i miss bethany 
I miss beyond 
i miss bff @poka45 i wish she was here so we could hang i also wish my bf's from school could be here to. 
I miss Bill this way  I hate his new hair! http://twitgoo.com/cty0
I miss bobby 
I miss boo so much, i want to shnuggle him so much right now 
I miss Boomerang. It reminds me of my childhood  But I still ain't subscribing to no stupid platinum prepaid! &gt;
I miss both game 7s today  Thank goodness for Tivo :-D If someone ruins the games for me before I see them, there will be hell to pay ;-/
I miss Both my Kevin's  Ones at work and the other still In Fresno  Well LOVE U GUYS!!!!!!!!!! -Hailey
I miss Brian already. Damn i'm too needy. 
i miss Bruce, frog girl, and big gums soooo much 
i miss bubbles  xxxxxxxxxxxxx
I miss Bug  Haven't been sleeping well and annoyed by everything. God love SF and it's year round ability to cause SADD. *headdesk*
i miss burning crusade 
I miss Busted.  @amalinaaa ha seriously? Diorang semua babi hahaha
I miss cabos 
i miss caity x 
I MISS CALVIN MY CRUSH THAT ME AND HIM DID NOT TALK IN A MONTH THAT HE WROTE A NOTE TO mE AND HE HATES ME i AM CRYING PLEASE FALLOW ME 
i miss Camp T alot right now 
i miss camp. 
i miss canada!   i NEED to go back!  *cries*
I miss carter. Sigh.   
I miss Cary and want to drink some chocolate milk with him. 
I miss casey 
I miss Cassie  iFLY
I miss Cavasea 
I miss cember the princess. 
I miss Charlie too much 
I miss Charmed. 
I miss chatting with Jay on msn  Good times!
I miss cheer practice 
I miss cheese and chocolate 
I miss chipotle 
I miss christopher 
i miss church  but i got my first paycheck today so yayyyyyy
I miss chuy 
i miss clunes. 
I miss Coco and Cherry! They were the cutest pets I ever had! 
i miss coffee and real food 
i miss connor  i want him so come back now!
I miss couples trip  Need to find 2 other cute couples willing to go on an awsome trip in the future http://www.baanhin.com/yourhome.htm
I miss cuddling with my babe 
I miss Cydia on my new OS 3.0 
I miss d bay  ill b bak its all good here doe might just b home sik
I miss Dance. 
I miss dancing  I think I'm too old to be on a team again!
I miss dancing...  what am I doing with my life.
i miss danny already 
I miss Dave Chappelle... (via @beautyfulashley) me too 
I miss dawson's creek 
I miss DC!   Watching ANTM.. Until its time 2 go  http://yfrog.com/ee3fmj
I miss Debbie oh so much... 
i miss di red, gold and green 
I miss Discovery Health 
I miss doing ceramics  and wondering where all the shit i made is...
I miss Dolce 
I miss dressing up and wearing fake eyelashes and wearing ten layers of makeup 
i miss drive-in movies 
I miss driving the Echo  SA is amazing even though I am still homesick. I love and miss everyone lots...
I miss driving the truck. How weird is that?  Sigh. Good memories, there.
I miss eating fruits! I miss my everyone 
I miss eating gushers 
i miss Eddy  can't wait til tomorrow finally comes...
i miss Egypt...  Kinder machen xd
I miss Elizabeth  and Ashley.. and everyone =((
I miss Emília... 
I miss England pretty bad.    Kelly, Dev, Kay....you guys rock and rock hard!  Oh!  Went out today to find PIMS...Can't get it in Ohio!
I miss ethan 
i miss everyone already  up to run early
I miss everyone already. 
I miss everyone already... back in NY 
I miss everyone back home 
I miss everyone from K4 
I miss everyone from state so much, and ive only been home 8 hours... 
I miss everyone out there  lol  I really miss my fwends..
I miss everyone so much I think I'm going to sit here and cry about it for a while 
i miss everyone. i better have 100 text messages on my break tomorrow at work. im heading to bed cause i work 11am til 7pm tomorrow. LAME 
I miss everything about school. 
I miss F like fuck. But no one knows. Hais, am i doing th right thing to forget him? 
I miss Fallout 3. 
I miss Favi.  Totally lost without her dude.
i miss friday cast. 
i miss gabby cullen 
I miss Get This 
I miss goin 2 concerts. Concerts here are getting suckyyy. 
I miss going dancing.  I need to go back to Cusco! Oh how I miss those nights!
I miss going out on photo walks with my friends  I also want to travel to Korea but I don't think I will get to this year.  
I miss going to church. 
i miss gossip girl......ex oh ex oh...no more no more 
I miss Grey's Anatomy, I miss Ellen, I miss reading fanfics and I'll miss George 
I miss hanging out with the Hemlock Hooligans 
I miss hanging w/ showstoppas, unk n CBYA! 
i miss happy meals 
I miss having a bathtub.  (via #zenjar )
I miss having a co-pilot! No one to bounce things off of late at night! 
I miss having a deck off my room  http://twitpic.com/69u8k
I miss having cash in my wallet 
I miss having TCM 
I miss her  atleast theres tomarro! Its going to be fun! Cant wait 
i miss her ..... i hope she comes back 
I miss her a lot today.  I could text her...but i just won't.  Won't.  
I miss her already. 
I miss her and my sister 
I miss her dearly  Love you Cass
I miss her so bad 
I miss her soooo much 
I miss her terriably!! I think I'm going to cry!! 
I miss her... I want her back! 
I miss Heroes already  Come one fall!
I miss him  culd really do with a smooch rite nw....im ill x
i miss him  i want to meet him!
i miss him  so much
I miss him  text me please ~
I miss him already  such a goodnight!
i miss him already.  
i miss him and always do  aaaaaaaa .. miss you albert ..
I miss him and I wish he wasnt at school right now! Cuz I want to spend as much time with him before I have to leave 
i miss him quite terribly. 
i miss him so bad 
I miss him so much  I can't be mad at him
I miss him so much  I wish I could see him all of the time and stay with him.  I wish this weren't so complicated.
I miss him so much ... I can't do this anymore. I just want things to go back to the way they were... 
i miss him so much. july 1st is too far from now. 
I miss him so much.... 
i miss him soo muchh 
I miss him! Shiiiin!  http://bit.ly/Vrsf9  I miss your hugs! XD
I miss him.  Can't wait to celebrate the Tar Heel win this weekend though!!
I miss him. &lt;3 He was my best friend. 
I miss him. That's the last time I saw him.  http://twitpic.com/55i55
I miss his &quot; Good morning sunshine.&quot; &amp; &quot; Bye-bye Darling.&quot; Don't get it wrong people, i'm thinking of my baby cousin 
i miss his face 
I miss his stupid face  this sux
i miss HK, screw swine flu for being such pandemic  i want my disneyland &amp; highways &amp; flea markets... i want HK back!
I miss hm  I hate being alone gosh darnit! Trashy whores are annoying!
I Miss Holly Allen Badly  Only 4 Days Until I See Here. Car Boot Sales All The Way Woop Woop
i miss holly's twitters 
I miss home  If only Friday could come sooner.
i miss HOME, west side is not for ari baby 
i miss home... i wanna fly back 
i miss homeeeee! hopefully 2 weeks and i'll be home 
i miss house 
I miss How I Met Your Mother! 
i miss how things were 6 months ago i really do. 
I miss Indonesian Cuttlefish Jerky 
I miss it!! 
I miss it....   http://twitpic.com/7jnnm  It's name is Galileo.
i miss jack   i hope he will forgivers me.
i miss jackie linfin &amp; rose!!-Nick 
i miss january, see you in august. we'll pretend like it's november and pull a march.  why am i doing this to myself?
I miss Javier Vazquez he was a strike out Master I enjoyed watching him work 
I miss Jay Leno &amp; his crew  the tonight show is very broing without him 
I miss Jay Leno already.... 
i miss jeff sooooooooooooo much! 
I miss Jennifer!!!!! Sometimes i hate that were always busy...  ...oh well if thats what it takes....
I miss jenny already 
I miss Jesse      I would really like a hug from him right about now. somebody talk to me please..
I miss jimmy neutron  im sad
I miss jn too   
I miss joey  
I miss jokeeeer. Joker, you made me miss you more. its bad enough we're not talking with each other like we usually do 
I miss Jordy Wordy  ew, its father's day.
I miss Jose on COD... 
i miss joseph too! 
i miss josh and his voice  .. goin to watch Drillbit Taylor.. I'm going off now.. I'll try to twit on school tomorrow rock on!
I miss june 18th  #makeoutparties
I miss justin 
i miss justin timberlake's voice. i want him to make new album again 
i miss justine wright soo soo soo soo much ! 
I miss Kelly; our songs playing! AGAIN! 
I miss Kendall  texas sucks.
I miss Kenny  I'm so selfish!
i miss kenny powers 
i miss kickboxing  i need to renew my membership
i miss kyle already  i hope i see him before he leaves for stupid vacation
I miss last night. And @meganpaige 
i miss last year :') it was a good year i just wish i realised at the time 
I miss Laura  Can't wait till Friday!!!
I miss laying on his fat belly while he runs his fingers thru my hair 
i miss Lia 
i miss Lincoln already! 
I miss LindyLove. I feel like I haven't seen her in a century.  tear.
i miss living in the 90s. seriouslyyyy. modern days ani sometimes boring -_- i miss my childhood. 
i miss living on by my own 
I miss logging in to Twitter and Facebook everyday!  Don't have time na! DD:
i miss loosewomen on a weekendd  @McGiff haha! i'm so sad i even come home for dinner to watch it lol!!!!!!!
i miss lorna    and i have finals 
i miss lorrainka and Marishka 
I miss Luther.  ? http://blip.fm/~742gu
I miss Maine. I miss the family up there that I haven't seen in almost 2 years. I used to go up there every summer and now.... 
i miss marlaine cruz.  please, please come quicker July..
I miss Martha  but only one exam left and then I'm free to do what ever the fuck I want 
I miss max already... 
I miss maxy already 
i miss mcfly... 
I miss merliz already! Massiel cried. I'm sad.  on the way to the airport.
I miss michael freaking hodges. 
I miss Michael Hutchence era INXS. 
I miss Michael J Fox damn 
I miss Michigan 
I miss middle school to death...   I wanna go back! :'(
I miss Mikko Ardina. I wanna hang out with him when i go home 
I miss miles  where is he?
i miss Miley and Morgan Tyler so much its not even funny 
I miss Milwaukee already 
i miss min already  tried not to think of him the whole day, just like trying to starve the whole day, only to suffer at night.
I miss misha...i think the mountains ate her 
i miss mommy 
I miss Mom's food.... 
I miss montreal  
I miss Morgantown and my wonderful Friends and Family.    BUT I love my Jay and my doggies.  Wouldn't have it any other way!
i miss mr henderson :'( he was one of those people who were just born to be true legends 
I miss Mr.@RealHughJackman's tweets! 
I miss muh bAby cks 
I miss my $500 blackberry curve 
i miss my &quot;suman&quot; already! 
I miss my @1037thefox I haven't heard a kick ass station since I moved  Miss you guys!!!!
I miss my @ciuchs so much.  he's doing God's work, and I pray God will bring him home safe to me.
I miss my @Kykylie 
i miss my @therealsavannah!!!!!!!!!! SO MUCH!! 
I miss my 3 am meals ... now that i go to bed a lot earlier i don't have them anymore  ;)
i miss my 360 more and more as the days go on. Damn the Show for the ps2 
i miss my a&amp;h boys a ridiculous amount  they are the best boypals a girl could ask for and know exactly what to buy me to make me smile 
I miss my A.B.  i cant wait to see her.. Doing homework blahhhhh
I miss my abn0xious c0usin!!!he wasn't able to visit 
I Miss my AHEAD Family! And it's all because of those people posting their summer review on multiply! 
I miss my ashley 
i miss my baaaby 
i miss my babbyyyyy 
I miss my babe already 
I miss my babe.. 
I love the rain ... Except when I just got a car wash. 
I love the rain, but not when I have a ton of things to do outside! 
I love the rain, too.   -  &amp; it only sprinkled enough to make it muggy.   -  I want some real rain!
I love the Sandman graphic novels, but our collectors editions are just too heavy to read in bed 
I love the short video Validation! It is a must see... Wow i really hate twitter, there is really not enought people that I know on it. 
I love the song Thinking of You by Katy Perry but I don't like JB covering it  sorry
i love the sun (L) burnt my legs  x
I Am Trying To Get Adobe Flashplayer 9, it aint working!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
I am trying to go to bed early........it's not working my body is not sleepy yet  any tips?
I am trying to recover a weekend's worth of work that I accidently trashed  Please work
I am trying to sign up to firendfeed with twitter but it says something is missing. 
i am trying to win a gucci coin purse from ebay, but i dont think its real. my bf sucks and im having hot flashes  help.
I am tweeting for @nicolevicious too. Just arrived at Boothies, liking the bubbles. Why won't Joey sign my yearbook? 
I am uber, uber sad I'm going to miss @wintersleep on Friday at Dundas Square because I'll be working at the Edge down the street 
I am unable to get enough caffeine into my system without becoming too wired.   How much caffeine is too much?
I am uncovering stuff I had managed to forget. Notes to and from 'friends' concerning horrible memories 
I am unfollowing you until I get my #FullService on wednesday, spoilers make me sad 
I am unfollowing you until I get my #FullService on wednesday, spoilers make me sad  Going back to work, tweet ya layta!
I am up at 8 in the morning when I could have slept in 
I am up too early for work. 
I am up too early with mom at her eye appointment... I miss my bed 
i am up very early 
i am up waaayyyy too early 
I am up way to early, and i just had to shut off the alarm clock on the phone as it sleeps through it, and its lovely out 
I am up way too early but can't go back to sleep. 
I am up, and having to deal with another rainy day  What the hell happened to summer, its so freakin cold!
I am up. Finally fell asleep at 2:30. It is now 11. Me=tired 
I am upset about something but i don't know what it's about  gaaah. mood swing man 
I am upset coz i have reached my search limit   
I am using an on-screen keyboard 
I am very addicted to Wii Fit, not good at midnight. Finished playing at 2am last night couldn't move this morning coz muscles hurt 
I am very annoyed, i cant fix the stupid laptop so all my files are done for. 
i am very bored.. me wanite peanut butetr m&amp;ms... 
I love the way Paul sings 'years' in The Penultimate Clinch. Also, I want my phone   
I love the way you love, but hate the way I'm supposed to love you back 
I Love the way, laying here on the coach feels. A shame my Macbook battery died and my charger is at the club  -Lazy-
I love these girls; I miss kelli far too much   http://twitpic.com/5oyvf
I love this Halloween episode. So much better than the creepy attic brother one 
I love this song! Sorry it's only a sample 
i love this song. i only wish it didn't remind me of someone it reminds me of.   ♫ http://blip.fm/~7fp4a
I love this station. It plays alot of the 70's-09's most famoust awesome songs. 104.3myfm (: It just plays LadyCaca too much 
I love those kimono booties. SO easy to make, too. @ClothCoutureLLC I made a couple pairs for @xjennyo's little one-no time for a blanket 
i love titanic. it always makes me cry 
I love to hate all the sims games. they get so addicting  
I love to jazzercise with Mrs. Underwood. I wish she was my chaperone. 
I love Tokio Hotel and I don´t know nothing about their new album  .Hope they came in Portugal in next tour
I love top model only if my favorite girl FO could naturally pose. 
i love t-swifts hair  i want it!
I love TweetDeck (:  Myspace isn't signing in 
I love tweetdeck but it's becoming rather slow at downloading my replies  any suggestions to an alternative with similar set up?
i love twilight! can't beleive i have to wait till november till new moon is out  edward cullen i love yooou!!! Robert Pattinson = YUMMY
I miss my babeee. 
I miss my baby   I don't want to be here anymore.
I miss my baby  .
i miss my baby  ... the rink was f u n too =] but missin my shortness ..he's perfect=]
I miss my baby  Saves the Day is on next. Woot.
I miss my baby  Why isn't he calling me?
I miss my baby boo 
I miss my baby boys so much!  i hope they r havin a good time wit their daddy
I miss my baby girl.  Anyone know any great songs?
i miss my baby laptop     
i miss my baby sister  she's comin home later, hopefully i get to see her before i'm out for the day
I miss my baby so much! Ha! How many times did i say this today?! I really miss him.. 
I miss my baby so much. I just woke up and she's not here. I can't stop crying.  iwannagohome! 
I miss my baby so mucho. Uuhhh i need to see him  what's wrong with skype siihh!!!!
I miss my baby so so much  
I miss my baby; I know he's sleep @ his grandma house missin his mommy 
I MISS MY BABY-BOO-BOO 
i miss my bag...she was hospitalised and nw cremated...sad...may my bag rest in peace.. 
I miss my BB BOLD! Dropped it in the toilet. Damm! This BB Curve is slow 
i miss my BB!!! 
I miss my beaches 
I miss my Beats by Dr. Dre headphones 
i miss my beautiful precious cutie pie niecey love, so so so so SO MUCH! photos make me smile so big but break my heart too 
I miss my bebes 
I miss my Bebo 
I miss my bed already 
I miss my bed in Chico  the couch isn't doin it for me
I miss my bed... and my sleep  
I miss my Bentley back home...  let's see if I can rent 1 down here
I miss my best friend  Havent seen her since March. fdjsakfdsa. I love you  &lt;3
I miss my best friend but she is needed elsewhere so I understand. 
I miss my best friend each day..Why she cannot live in Los Angeles, with me 
I miss my best friend so much.  When are things EVER going to get back to normal?? It really sucks when you're not allowed to talk...
I miss my best friend! She's all the way over in Germany  I hope she is having fun though.
I miss my best friend...no one else compares to Mazillness. 
I miSs mY bEsT fRiEnds a LoT ! !  
I miss my best frnds.  cnt my cusin cum home 4 just 1 wk? hehe
I miss my bestest and the sun 
i miss my bestfran already 
I miss my bestfriend aaron 
I miss my bestfriend too!!!.. 
I miss my bestfriend, Joseph  he could make me laugh til my stomachs in cramps.
i miss my bestfriend, she left to wisconson/nebraska for TWO weeks 
I miss my bestfriend, Zimo  Spent time with him today!! aaahhhh! Fun fun :')
i miss my bestie 
i miss my bestie @MsMeridith 
I miss my bestie Marianna and wish that we could spend her b-day weekend together 
I miss my bf *****.. but he's in Jakarta right now  oh mannn.. I miss ya babe.... Read More: http://is.gd/PFW0
i love twitter but no one ever twitters me 
I love twitter it's like my own little News Channel haha i'm awake amd my dad still hasnt called 
I love tybee island.....that was the best vacation ever last year...i wanna go back 
I love u girl . Im so sorry  Really
I love u too Auntie Dawn. Sorry I'm not smiling..... I just don't feel good  http://twitpic.com/5ebx5
I love UberTwitter, just wish the name was cooler.... 
I love Van Coke Kartel.can't understand a word  but it's awesome.
I love warm weather but I hate the shoes that go with it - all sandals, flip flops etc. give me blisters within 20 mins of putting on! 
i love watching all those cartoons on telly on sunday mornings. they're over now though 
I miss my bf so much! 
I MISS MY BF, MOS DEF 
I miss my Bf~ 
i miss my BFF  ily Jasmine Deanna
i miss my bff @j0sie911  im gonna meet her at the airport on saturday!
I miss my bff. 
i miss my bffl 
i miss my bird, i hope you r.i.p. coconut and sandy 
I miss my birthday  hahaha
I miss my black hair. 
i miss my boo  on another note im soready for this game to come on tonight...fox grill anyone???!!
i miss my boo.. i got him sick  happy birthday sissy &lt;3 i'm going to fat e's tomorrow night because they're closing saturday :'(
I miss my booby doo! And roo roo. And rose. Oh sad times... 
I miss my book, &quot; The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time&quot;  I think i might have lent it away to someone who never returned it.
I miss my booo 
i miss my booty call. 
I miss my boy bands  bring them backkk
I miss my boy Cameron 
I miss my boy sooo much 
I miss my boyfrann  -ars &lt;3's crp(:
I miss my boyfriend 
I miss my boyfriend  ...
I miss my boyfriend  can't waait til the weekend
i miss my boyfriend  http://tinyurl.com/orc6n4
I miss my boyfriend  I wish I could be with him right now
i miss my boyfriend a lot 
I miss my boyfriend already 
I miss my boyfriend badddd. 
i miss my boyfriend even though we just finished talking 
I miss my boyfriend really really really bad! It's been soooo long! 
i miss my boyfriend so much. i havnt seen him since friday... and its sunday and i wont c him till tuesday 
I miss my boyfriend very much.  (Did you know? That's the first time I admitted that to anybody, let alone type it out on the Net.)
i miss my boyfriend.  we live seriously ten minutes from each other. lame.
i miss my boyfriend. alot. almost 48 hourse with out talking to him  going CRAZYYYY...p.s. screw verizon wireless. its their fault
I miss my boyfriend... a lot 
i miss my boyfriendddd  &quot;so come feel this magic ive been feelin since i met you cant help it if theres no one else mm i cant help myself&quot;
i miss my boyfriendddd damn 
I miss my boyfwend  Bedtime soooooooooon.
i miss my boys like girls braclet...i feel like ive betrayed my fav band 
I miss my boys. 
I miss my boytoy. 
I miss my Brandon 
I miss my brotha 
I miss my brothers 
I miss my buddies down in floridaa 
I miss my bumble bee 
I miss my burrito bowl 
I miss my car  why oh why did I drive it off a cliff???? God that was dumb
i miss my car! 
I miss my car, Commander Dickthrust  I hope my mom's taking good care of it.
i miss my cast. 
I miss my cat so much  It still doesn't feel real
I miss my cat!!! 
i miss my cat.. 
I miss my cats. Seriously. So much that I'm going thru their pictures at work. 
i am very disappointed at president Oba ma for not wanting to help Iran  this may be the only chance for iran to have freedom !
I am very disappointed with the chili cheese dog I had for lunch 
I am very disappointed with the Hawks...as you all know I wanted them to play better 
I am very dissapointed yernot here  work now officiallyy sucks.
i am very frustrated with #youtube right now... i just want my playlist so i can go to sleep!!! 
I am very happy but 2 things in my life could more motivation   How do I get refocused? @coreman2200
I am very sad 
I am very sad and cry a lot I will sleep better 
I am very sad that I've had to take my eyebrow ring out, but the scar is already quite bad so it had to go  I miss it already.
I am very sad to live where I live. were so cnear  and yet so far 
I am very sad we missed the fireworks.  
I am very sad!! My friends bf broke up with her because he likes me!! Why do these things happen  I really don't know what to do or say!!
I am very sad...i already miss my baby 
I am very sad; the thunderstorm did not even touch where I was at 
I am very sick and could use some chicken noodle 
I am very sick, have very much sore throat 
i am very stressed today 
i am very tired 
i am very tired...i don`t know why ? 
I AM VERY UPSET THAT KRIS ALLEN IS MARRIED. 
I AM VERY UPSET THAT KRIS ALLEN MARRIED. 
i am very very hungover ........................ 
I am very worried about my FYP, fml 
I am very, very, very, very, veeery cooold! 
I am virtually bankrupt 
I am w8ing for exam from marh 
i am waiting 
I am waiting for Jane 
I am waiting for my sister because she is in hospital. 
i am waiting on tradesman... me thinks i shall be waiting a whiles  i am also smiling.. and have cheeks that hurt...
i am waiting the fate of my phone bill 
I love when I can't stop shaking...even when my body is completely numb 
I love when ppl win on The Price is Right, and cry tears of joy.  Then... they learn about the taxes they have to pay on prizes, and cry 
I love when the power goes out at work. It kills my labor. 
I love windows vista! but i have to admit i miss my old computer ive had it for over 4 years 
I love yet hate sad songs 
i love you #eclispe... but sorry #netbeans offers better functions 
I love you @briansolis! I don't think I ever get to see you long enough to hang out and talk.  http://bit.ly/16udOb
I love you always and forever @tinacochina I'm sorry you are mad 
i love you and i want you back in my life 
i love you and i'm sorry! all that happened was just a BIG mistake! 
I love you and miss you but I can feel theres something bothering you about us that youre not telling me 
i miss my chicas already 
I miss my childhood friends  I want to meet them again ...
I miss my Chloe  shes sad back home.
I miss my class 
i miss my classmates! 
I miss my closest freind,Shirley, She went to France for the summer  I miss you Shirley!!!!
I miss my computer 
I miss my computer....why did I pester @astonwest to reformat the darn thing...lol 
i miss my cousin  she's in Australia and i will be in America. i can't see her for so much time.
I miss my crazy obsession with wizard rock, and knowing I'd see shows every summer. What happened to me 
I miss my cycle commute 
I miss my dad  'I miss u, I miss ur smile &amp; I still shed a tear every once in a while &amp; even tho its different now your stil here somehow'
I miss my dad  lunch with mom, then packing for Tulsa! Kat, Honor Society, &amp; Jonas tomorrow !
I miss my daddy 
i miss my daddy  but he should be home by wednesday!
I Miss My Daddy! Sux That He's All The Way In ATL..I Hardly Ever See Him...Now Im Gonna Cry...*tears* 
I miss my daily quotes! Why don't i get them anymore? @sschabowski am I kicked from your mailinglist? 
I miss my darling,he`s gone for fishing...like every weekend,I won`t get used to it   But maybe he`s back tomorrow..... Micha,I love ya!
i miss my darren already 
I miss my daughter who flew two states away with he Grandma to visit her cousin. 
I miss my Delonghi  http://mypict.me/4qWZ
i miss my display picture  a blank box just isnt the same...... :@
I miss my dog  need to find a way to get her down here.
i miss my dog, come back plz 
I miss my dog.  he's staying with a doggy sitter until i find an apartment that accepts pets. Sigh.
I miss my dog.  I still remember... I wish I could see her one more time. RIP Cody- it's been a year already!
I miss my doggie, Charley!  
i miss my doggy 
I miss my doggy, Lucy! Best dog ever!!! 
I miss my dogs 
I miss my dreads goddammit, everyone I see seems to have them  need more body mod, stat!
I miss my dumpling  she is probably still out shopping
i miss my earphones 
i miss my env.  env2. not the regular env, i hated that one.
I miss my ex bf I wish he wasn't an ex.. 
i miss my fam so much. 
I miss my family  good night young lady
I miss my family already 
I miss my family. 
I miss my family. I never spend time with them anymore 
I miss my family... they live in Switzerland......far away 
i miss my favorite cousin  [@crck_a_bttl i'm talking to you]
I miss my favorite smell. And oh! its your smell 
I miss my Ferngully! 
i miss my fiance! 
I miss my flute and it's very sad. 
i miss my frens so much.... i promise myself not to cry.... 
i miss my friend 
i miss my friend  haha I sound 5!! Nat hurry up and come down!!
I am watching Ace Of Cakes and missing my best friend Brooke 
I am watching Blood + on veoh episode 19 love the music.wishing i could watch the live action but not old enough 
I am watching Farrah's Story on the DVR... really sad  I wish there was a cure for every cancer!
I am watching The Bachelorette. I am also getting ready for bed. Still, where's my McCain Palin T-shirt???!!!   
I am watching the Hills and Kimora's show, flipping between the two. There is a superficial hole to fill since the end of Girls Next Door 
I am watching the hills on mtv.com I am soooo going to miss Lauren  The hills is Lauren.
I am watching wipeout.. It's funny, but not as funny as last year..  
I am way tired, too much work. 
i am way to exhaustedto move...but i have to work another triple today 
I am wearing blue....  Just like all my friends 
i am well rehursed and ready for the wedding tomorrow! but i am missing the fun times in tenn with everyone 
I am well sad to not see &quot;open happiness&quot; advertised on the coke cans...what happened? it's not old  bring it back!
I am wide awake after the cat threw up and then I threw up. I hate having a headache that is so bad it makes your stomach upset!! 
I am WIDE awake at 7:45 am on my DAY OFF! Oh this stinks... 
I am wide awake!  this freaking sucks 
I am wishing I didn't live so far away from all the action 
i am wondering how to work this site 
I am wondering if my little dog will ever get tired of playing fetch 
I miss my friend  It's been almost 3 weeks.....I feel so distant/disconnected.
I miss my friend Heather. 
I miss my friend Sol! 
i miss my friend soooo much! aint seen or hung out with each other in forever!         sad face
I miss my friend, @joebiam 
i miss my friend... 
I miss my friends 
I miss my friends   M &amp; D ♥
i miss my friends  hayl, grego, jess d and the rest of the klan i love uu xxxxxx
I miss my friends  Hope 2 see them ASAP!!!!
i miss my friends from disney so much!!!! 
I miss my friends from elementary and middle school 
I miss my friends from us !!! i miss ohio too 
I miss my friends in Perth and over in the States sooo much I feel like im dying inside every day that passes where i dont hear from them 
I miss my friends man, all I have time to do is work on projects, then read, then work on more projects 
I miss my friends so much 
I miss my friends, I love them and I miss them!! 
i miss my friends.  they went to japan for 2 WHOLE FREAKIN WEEKS!!!!!!
I miss my Friends. I miss Joo and Bitches 
I miss my friendss! I haven't really talked to ya'll much and it makes me sad 
I miss my FTSK cd.  i wish i woulda brought it with me.
i miss my fwend 
I miss my girlfriend  hope you're having a good day @krbarrios
I miss my girlies! I haven't seen them in forever  @littlemisslisa5 @alicia_ivy @ShaeMechelle @oh_so_fab 
I miss my girls 
I miss my Glitter Boy 
i miss my GOSSìP GìRL 
I miss my grand-daughter and my daughter-in-law... 
i miss my grandma 
I miss my grandmother 
I miss my guinea pigs. 
I miss my guitar jamming buddy... my Uncle...but he went to Scotland for a wedding!  come back please!!!!
i miss my guitar. 
I miss my guitar....I wished it were with me in NZ! I can't even practice! 
i miss my henry baby 
I miss my high school babes 
i miss my highschool 
I miss my home 
I MISS MY HOME CHURCH THO  INFINITY NY CHURCH IN THE BRONX... ALSO BRONX COMMUNITY BAPTIST CHURCH IN THE BRONX. ILL BE BACK SOON!
I miss my hometown. Miss the cheap food. Miss the people. Miss the fast internet.  Boo...
I miss my honey.  Two more months till I see him...
i miss my hubby!  come home honey boo!!
I miss my huny  ...
i miss my husband 
I miss my husband already and it's been only 30 mins  - http://tweet.sg
I miss my husband and am sad he didn't contact me today.  
I miss my husband! 
I MISS MY HUSBAND!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss my husband.  He can't come home soon enough.
I miss my husby  why does he have to travel for work every freaking week 
i miss my indian maids support system...why cant we have it in paris 
I am wondering why Ryan Seacrest isn't following David Cook or Adam Lambert.  Interesting that I cannot find them in his following.  
i am working hard 
I am working hard and hardly working listening to my call coach advice me about my errors on a call.  
I am working on a Saturday! YAY. 
I am working on my presentation about Czech national bank. No fun at all 
I am working yet again! Woo Whoo!! It's way too pretty to be cooped up inside 
I am working!!!... 
I am worried for my kitty, she is at the vet having emergency surgery.  He thinks that it is some sort of infection in her uterus.  
I am worry because of Iran 
I am worrying about my dog she was snake bit 2 day.  
I am writing the most boring part of my paper. Hmm. The sun is shining and I do not feel like working on this, however I have to 
I am, once again, freakin exhausted!  When will this nightmare called work ever end huh?  Oh yeah, when i'm 65, aka DEAD!  
I am, unsurprisingly, the most awkward of voicemail leavers. @dandoval yes, sleep  i miss it so much.
i am...feeling bummed again like last night. two more weeks of this? i really need a job to keep myself busy since no clownshoe time. 
I am...once again...up way to late for the amount of work I have to do tomorrow 
I ammm soooo drunk and I ate way to much carbs  I'm not gonna like me soon 
I an not feeling the love on this #FF 
I annoy myself sometimes. You ever get like that? I'm just so irritable. Blah!!  PS no more FLA cuz my aunts a b and ruined it. #!?@$?!!
I apologize 2 my sons today. 2 regrets-U missed time w/my dad to know what a REAL dad is. My poor choice left U with selfish pig 4 'dad' 
I apologize for the tardiness in live blogging from Atlanta. Haven't heard anything from our reporters today 
I apologize kevin lee. Really. 
I miss my intelliscreen for my iPhone 
I miss my iPhone. 
I miss my iPod 
i miss my itunes 
i miss my jace! hes in minnesota for the whooole week 
I miss my JakeyPoop. 
I miss my Jamer!!  &lt;3 You! K.
I miss my Jeep  Now I have to bum a ride to the dreaded, horrid Walmart. Boo.
I miss my Joe. What happened, your not yourself anymore 
I MISS MY KAITLIN.  Two hours over breakfast was too short! Athena loved her, too. But now she's headed back to Wisconsin.    
I miss my KC already... 
I miss my kids. Feeling a little anxious and sad.   
i miss my kitty; i dont even want to go home because i wont have my cuddle buddy anymore   no more sneaking her food. sign im sad 
I miss my LA bitches &amp; wanna think up a scheme 2 get them 2 move to NY...no ideas yet 
I miss my lappytop. Hope they hurry up with the repairs. 
i miss my late nite random tweets with Justyna @emokidisme i could really do with one now to cheer me up but my laptop is dying so im off 
I miss my liam already.   me hate husband travel.
I miss my licorice flavoured cough syrup.  This stuff smells like nailpolish and tastes how I'd imagine nailpolish tastes like...
I miss my lit tree 
I miss my little brother 
I miss my little gunbounder 
i miss my little nephew, he's in the dominican republic 
I MISS my long hair  http://twitgoo.com/opiw
I miss my long hair!!  Randomness!!
i miss my long hair. 
I miss my lowell friends already 
i miss my lucas 
i miss my lunch buddies... 
I miss my madre.  stupid oklahoma. Good thing I'll see her next month though!
i miss my malshy 
I miss my mamabear. 
i miss my marshmallow mama that sits upstairs 
I miss my Marz 
I miss my mcdudes! come back soon! 
i miss my mices  they both die las summer.
i miss my mission hills home   and omg i look different...omg what the hell is going on with me!!!
I miss my mom already 
I miss my mom and dad  I'm going to convince them to go bowling with me when I visit
I miss my mom today and would like to show her a really good time and all but she's like 3000 miles away right now. 
I miss my mom! She went to DC 
I miss my mom, she's always awake when I want to drunk dail her. But she's on vacation 
I miss my mom. The other day I had a dream with her and it felt so real but then I woke up and realized it was a dream. Damn  rip mom
I miss my mommy...  I want her to be here, not in Costa Rica... D8
I miss my monkey boy. Every song is reminding me of him.. 
i miss my moon 
I miss my mooney mix  ...can't wait to see her in just 2.5 weeks!!
I apologize to my followers for me freaking out. I did not win the contest either  sad. Only two hours at work left!
I apparantly have this ability to stay up very late and wake up very early... Why can't my friends do the same? 
I apparently can't spell, even with spell checker. 
I apparently missed out/slept through all these thunderstorms in the area. Bah. 
i apparently missed the opportunity to celebrate the u.s. soccer win over spain last night by rioting in the street  http://bacn.me/86p
I appear to be sick 
i appear to have lost my sennheisers  in other news: completely fuzzy courtesy of dancing last night. Not to mention sore.
I appear to have yet another cold 
I applied a top coat as a base coat. 
i appreciate that @singindiva88 thats why i said i needed prayer  man the devil really knows how to get me (tear)
I aqm having a bad Couch, My sore throat won't go away.... 
I argued and went shopping today so I'm calling it a night because both are exhausting. Someone save me before it's too late 
i art design  yay !
I ask for a screenshot of Office 2007 to help a friend out... and he sends me a screenshot of Wordpad 
i assigned myself to study the whole day but i keep getting majorly distracted 
I assume nobody uses PortableApps anymore except for myself. In that case, forget what I said earlier 
I ate 6 rice cakes today...  i'm a fatty
I ate a whole pizza to myself... that was over 4 hours ago and I still can't move without the feeling of throwing up my entire pizza! 
I miss my mother!  She said she might go to kl on Tuesday for some kind of MITI meeting so I don't think I can meet her 
I miss my mr 
i miss my mum  havent seen her for almost a week and i still have to wait another week  she just called me i miss her
I miss my mum so much, words cant describe 
I miss my mustache.. 
I miss my Nate 
I miss my neighbours already 
I miss my nephew and nieces 
i miss my nephew and sissy.  13 more hours of the car ride back home
I miss my nerd movie watching buddy 
i miss my new york jonas girls  @hellonicolee , @realnicolepaige , &amp; @catwillis
i miss my nikes 
I miss my NTA girls!  We had soo much fun together.. Now letsall goplay go fish and drink earl gray tea...
I miss my old friends SOO much  i LOVE my current frends to death but idk i juss miss them 
i miss my old friends! 'HANDS'  you guys are my best friends forever and always! ilygsdm! ^^
I miss my old jazz trio now  both my cousins will be playing later, cool!
i miss my old self. I need to finish this moving on things asap. 
I miss my old/First car 
I miss my Om Necklace.  Matt lost it.
I miss my online buds.  Editing is a lonely, lonely place to be.
i miss my papa bear very very very much 
I miss my partner in crime @Chanel1205! 
i miss my phone very, very, very much  my cyber-life is falling apart without it, so text me if you need a quick reply
i miss my pillow  &lt;/3
I miss my pink uniform!   http://plurk.com/p/x6xv1
I miss my princess 
I miss my Pro account on Flickr 
I miss my puppies so much!!! I keep seeing everyone with their dogs and it makes me sad  On another note: I'm STARVING like always!!
I miss my PupPup. I wish I still lived in Tuscaloosa. 
I miss my Puppy, will be 4 months next week R.I.P Puppy. 
I miss my puppy. deadass, I wonder what he's up to right now. imy stitch 
I miss my reza too much, wont meet him until saturday aaaargh 
i miss my room @ uni, this one looks like a bomb hit it 
I miss my roomies more than anything right now 
i miss my roommate  july 17 can't come fast enough!
I miss my saraH. baby come back!  (fuck bbvag smell.)
I miss my school 
i miss my scrumpy 
i miss my short hair  shower. bed. relax. i should order my books for school.
i miss my sidekick is it lame i want the 2009 sidekick i have a bold and super pissed i'm missing the laker game tonight cause of work 
I miss my sis @kamyisonfire 
I miss my sister!  And I also miss a life without responsibilities. 
i ate a whole week's worth of carbs in one night. crap. 
I ATE ALL MY CHALLAH.  
i ate all my edamame  i need mooooore
i ate beef in my chile con carne today.  i literally feel like death.  somebody, help me! Help me, help me, please 
I ate cake and then my vodka wasnt good anymore. 
I ate chicken today. 1st time in 8 or 10 yrs. Stupid Botswana not having vegetarian foods &amp; forcing me to learn to eat meat again 
i ate now im cleaning my room yay 
I ate pizza today ) , aaam , im so downhearted , tomorrow i have 2 School : // It means Get up early ((  here is cold . So baad 
I ate shit today  lol
I ate some bad food last night - feeling incredibly nauseous   Any healthy remedies that you can pass on?
i ate some easter egg for breakfast ahhh not good. so much to do today and so little time 
I ate the piece of paper in a fortune cookie accidentally earlier and wonder if that's a bad omen. 
I ate to much! I want to puke! have really bad bellyache 
I ate too fast and have hiccups 
I ate too many buffalo wings!  wahhhhhhhhhh I'm so full
I ate too many carrots 
i ate too many clinkers  listening to kasabian and getting ready 4 the living end!
I ate too many kisses.  
i ate too many sour skittles and now my tummy hurts LOL 
i ate too much again blahhhhhhh 
I ate too much banana today! Definitely going to get mosquito bites 
I ate too much burrito 
I ate too much cake and crisps. Feel sick 
I ate too much candy 
I ate too much sugar @ #bcsd5   (Come for the networking, stay for the sweetened iced tea)
I ate too much yummie food, can't move anymore.. haha! Tummyache now 
I ate too much! and #itsucks American idol is over!!! I miss it.. 
I ate vege sate~small pieces of meat roasted on skewer yesterday evening &amp; it made me suck,as yet 
I ate way too much!  Dammit you Big Mac
i ate wayyyy too much. 
I attempted to Ride the Lightning on Expert G but the solo kicked me off  63%
I attended an English class for the first time in three weeks! My English speaking skill have gotten worse... 
I ♡ !+((2/* ?2,2(*. Thank u bunds, but I couldn't  use 'IT' for saturday...  but thankyou!  http://myloc.me/4iv2
i ♥ watching suju's old videos. teukie looked more cheerful in the past 
i ave a headach nd feel sik  myt go ave a shower nd den go 2 bed ....
I ave to be at my interview in half hour! So scared! 
I awoke with snakes fresh in my mind and one bite me. What a freaky thing. A dream dictionary said it was hidden worry.  
i miss my sisters 
I miss my site!! 
i miss my sobe  lol and television
I miss my soldier tonight  I cant wait for him to be home
I miss my soy creamer in my coffee.  This rice milk is not cutting it!  Oh, the sacrifices we make for our children and their skin rashes.
i miss my stepdad lots atm    http://twitpic.com/8csy5
I miss my stevie 
I miss my strawberry sweet lover  haha, beware of the strawberry sweets they may choke u, not a gud look gaspin for air, tryin nota laf
I miss my stuff that I already sent to WA 
I miss my sun roof!  I can't wait to get a new car!!
i miss my sunday job... slow songs anyone? 
I miss my Sunshine 
I miss my superhero 
I miss my sweetie .. 
I miss my sweetie!  Anyway, I swear I'm going job hunting tomorrow.  I don't want the jobs that were offered to me...They aren't my style.
I miss my sweets!!!!!!!   tell the stalker dud to bounce lol..
I miss my Teddy Bear.  3 weeks is too long to be away.
I miss my TiVo 
I miss my Tori... 
I miss my tweetdeck!   I am so living this HEAT! LOL...A new day &amp; getting ready for the Lauglin River Run! www.kool2wear.com
I miss my tweetmate, her phone is down so she can't tweet all the time 
I miss my twin 
i miss my two boys  i wana cuddle.
I miss my ugly puppy 
i miss my ugly wight!!! 
I miss my uncle Mark and his dogs 
I miss my Utwolf *sniffles* 
I miss my valley boys! 
I miss my vinyl collection...  Particularly The Clash, The The, Smiffs &amp; Mozzer... 
I miss My Wife... alot more than normal tonight.  I am so tired but I can't sleep, the bed is so empty without her 
I miss my wifeeeeeee 
I miss my wowwosa  and my love
I miss my xbox 360 
i miss my zune music   the family computer is so old it doesn't have a usb port..no lie. then kevin won't let me do anything on the laptop
I miss myspace 
I miss New England 
i miss new york   cant wait to move to new jerseyyyy
I miss New York! 
I miss Norm MacDonald on things. 
i miss NShole  he booked in early.
I miss ny  and bree ! I miss harlem  sigh ! I think I can make a change
i miss old times 
I miss our house panther sleeping with us.  
I miss our legendary shit talking sessions and going out to drink. I can't drink or smoke anymore. I am trying to get gastric bypass. 
I miss our old house in Baton Rouge 
i miss our walks home together 
I miss out on an incredible service cos I was attacked by sleep monster 
I miss out on too much because I don't have a car. Ugh. 
I BADLY MISS THE US 
i badly need a haircut. but my fav saloon closed down. and now i need to find a new place 
I baked cookies to make the bad day go away but it didn't work 
I baked some home made pogos using a recipe found on interenet.  They don't taste like &quot;real&quot; pogos, still craving pogos... 
i barbecued an apple and it turned out like the inside of an apple pie 
I barely have a signal in here 
I barely woke up, my head hurts and I feel like throwing up 
i be feeling sick  too many sweets at joannes lol xx
I be missin tht to 
I beat Zack AND his brother on Super Smash Bros last night! But Zack is a sore loser and won't admit it. 
I became disappointed when I watched Supreme leader's speech at Friday pray ceremony. I think this Green Wave would disappear...  
i been hated skool...i wanna blow this shit upppppppppp!!!!! and im hungry 
I been home all day have not showered finishing up 2 major projects for this class im taking 
I been missing messages I dnt like the new urber!!! 
I been put on a Budget so I can't go to the mall    and I just got paid today   @ReBeLR
I been tryna get @tyrese4real 2 show me love like I do 4 him but he doesn't 
I begun my morning by turning the tv and watching Maury and Jerry springers... because I don't have cable 
i believe i am coming down w/ a cold or something like it 
I believe I need to wake up early in the morning  And this sucks donkey balls 
I MISS OXFORD ALREADY. It's been a week.     And this is like, the only clear shot of my face. ) ) http://tinyurl.com/qexaes
I miss oxshoe pond 
I miss panda express. 
I miss pants!!! (via @JonsTubeGirl) me too!!! I heart pants!!! Donde esta mis pantalones? 
I miss Passions...  &lt;3 Ami
I miss Pebbles making my oatmeal for me 
I miss peggy  Gonna cut my wrists with a spoon :S
I miss people 
i miss people easily 
i miss peoplee  come backkk. chrissy. bio is actually boring as hell. Hannah - mrs pilmers turned into bitchasawrus.
i miss pez.. feel like i havnt spoken to her in a while,.. 
i miss photoshop. 
i miss playing chess 
i miss playing guitar hero.  http://plurk.com/p/vi70v
I miss playing the piano. 
I miss pluto 
i miss promo so much  i miss jefferson, i miss my 7th graders ):
I miss public school 
I miss Purityyyy!  My new class is a little too loud and wild. hahaha
I miss Randy.  Falling asleep to MSI blasting... how hardcore am I?
I miss Raquel and sam next years grad. Is going TO be hard 
I miss real coffee 
I miss Regan and Cody!!! 
i miss repeat offender! grr. 
I miss research *sigh* 
i miss rizz, he's always chipper 
i miss rob &amp; big show 
I miss rongbao. 
I miss Sam Brown  @kaitkerrigan and @brianlowdermilk I hope you guys get a chance to come back! I miss you! The bad years would be awesome
I miss Samantha Who! 
i miss sandy. 
I miss Sara!!! I just found her profile.. 
I miss SATCO!!  I crave it like every single day 
I miss school already 
i miss school already.  and it's only been a day.
I miss school, really. I miss my class 
I miss SEBASTIN LIM CHUN FAAAAA! WHERE ARE YOU!!!  - http://tweet.sg
I miss seeing my Sims vomit into the toilet bowl after theyve eaten the bad food in the fridge.  Must.. play...
I miss Selena She go toff YAhoo 
I miss senior year so much I miss ditching school to go to cue! And starbucks  miss the M's now there's a baby and a marriage lifes crazy
I miss Shane 
i miss singing on the stage 
i miss skype-ing with the two bimbos and syaf  soon, yes?
I miss Snigglets ... the original Urban Dictionary 
I miss snuggled with the boy. 
I miss so much things today 
I miss someone badly 
i miss someone from my former school 
i miss someone, realllly bad. 
i miss someone. 
i miss someone. :/ and i like someone way too old for me 
i miss someone... 
I love you but It's so hard 
I love you but you don't know I exist...... 
I love you doc! Ice cream before bed &amp; 2 double cheeseburgers for lunch, best medicine ever  heading to duty  blah...
I LOVE YOU DOKURO!! I HOPE YOU FEEL BETTER SOON! 
I love you Grandma 
I LOVE YOU HARRY 
I love you Jose  -rachel  
I love you lou. Keep us updated. Be safe! Miss you 
I Love You ryan Forever (LL)   Johnty Get Better Mate, I Cant Belive What They Did 
I love you too 
I love you too mama!  I am going to go brush my teeth!  No creamsicle 
i love you too. on my mobile phone I can reply to you. 
I love you Travon 
I love you!!! I know i'm filling your phone with random messages but i miss you 
I love you, 377 Central Ave. I do NOT love the stupid tings that say they are a red light even though cars still come, though. Scary! 
i love you, do you? hahahaha hope you still do 
I love you, man. Dissapointing. 
i love you, now calm down please baby!!! :'( and YOU wise up and dont hurt my friend   AGHHHHHHH!!!
I love you, obama, but did you have to schedule a press conference during the price is right? 
I love you. 
I believe I'm actually starting to melt in this heat! 
I believe it is my man's bday today...best rapper of all time...tupac! Rip mang 
i believe it's six, going on seven now. 
I believe Marley died 'cause of old age. I am afraid my dog might suffer too. 
I believe my iPod may be toward the end of its life cycle. Battery holds 6 hour charge maybe and the pixels are dying. 
i believe the problem the past year with meeting decent people who actually want to be with me for reals is because i lost my sparkle. 
I believe tomorrow will be the first birthday I have ever worked on. 
I believe Webdevforums.com has been hacked. 
I bet $15. on a horse and lost!   I guess I'm not good at picking horses...
I BET BLACK PLANET, LOL, I DIDNT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT, BUT SHE WAS UGLY. 
I bet Denny Hecker has a better credit score than me  Probably should have put college on a credit card or something 
i bet it's a childhood trauma. maybe her first crush was a fag  lololol oh pale
i bet my x roomate is pissed cuz the cavs just lost 
I bet no one would be surprised if I got an ipod touch lolol you shouldn't text or call me yet I am having problems with the system 
I bet that now since I'm on nothing awesome will happen 
i bet you can ride a 6ft uni-cycle and jump through rings of fire too.  i love/hate you  @mpolinar
I bet you. I'm not going to sleep to night. 
I better be able to sleep tonight. This insomnia is getting old. 
I better be better by Thursday! I need to go to Regina. NEED TO! I'm so excited, so my sickness better not ruin it 
i miss someone...someone who shall remain unnamed 
i miss south dakota  but im loving home too!!
I miss sparky!! (boyfriend's doggie) i didn't get to see him today... 
I miss steel panther dude  COME BACK
I miss stephenscity and Winchester and ALL my friends there!! 
I miss stephies  sniffle.......um yea
i miss strawberry milkshake from mcdonald's 
i miss summer `09. 
I miss Supernatural 
I miss SWG but it's totally unplayable now  got 30 days free to tempt me back and I couldn't even play it 2 days it was that bad now 
I miss talkin turkey.  I REALLY MISS TALKIN TURKEY.
i miss talking to him  coz not talking to him is like loosing an old best friend.
I miss talking to my Nigerian friend 
i miss talking to my weekend friend 
I miss talking to ppl and replaying to there tweets  I miss own Internet conection!!
I miss Teletubbies!!! *crying*  um... yeah... Crazy. :o
I miss TEXAS  http://twitpic.com/7zivs
I miss texting to twitter all day long. I went over my texts this month by 430. Yikes! Needless to say I'm on text probation.   
I miss that Angehllic @techn9ne shit.. Bring it back bro!!!! 
I miss that specail someone!!  maaaan drinking make all the emotions come out! I knew this was a bad ideal!
I miss the AIM toolbar I had with Internet Explorer. It actually told you when you had mail, and how many emails you had. 
I miss the amazing boobs I used to have 
I miss the bay 
i miss the big city 
i miss the bottomless pit 
I miss the boyfriend 
I miss the boys 
i miss the boys in Georgia. 
I miss the Chem Dog; Platinum; Blu Cheez &amp; Sour Dough...  Atl need to step it up!! Lol
i miss the days i had plenty of mulla in the bank, partied till dawn at least four nights a week &amp; ate in expensive restaurants daily 
I miss the days when energy bills didn't come to �400 every three months... time to try and extend my overdraft 
i miss the days when i lived in sydney &amp; nothing mattered 
I miss The Ellen Show already 
I miss the friends I could vent to and cry to. She's gone 
I miss the gf too 
i miss the good old days when i liked it 
I miss the guys  damn u homework!
I miss the Jaylor days! I'm sad they broke up!  VERY VERY SAD 
I miss the Jonas and Demi       #JBargentina     #DemiLovatoargerntina
I miss the mountains. 
I miss the NBA already 
I miss the old bury your dead. 
I Miss The Old Cartoons...Animaniacs And All Those Other Shows...Cartoons Jus Aint The Same Anymore ,  !
I love Zend Studio f. Eclipse (as the whole Eclipse too).  The RSE SSH plugin simply does not work and kills the IDE. 
I love, love, LOVE this taupe nailpolish. Pledges of undying loyalty over here. Should buy a bottle before the trend fades 
I loved buffalo so much....I don't want to go to work tomorrow bc then my weekend is officially over 
I loved johnny carson now I'm going to hate seeing jay leno go 
I loved johnny carson now I'm going to hate seeing jay leno go  (via @womanschitchat) that's what I was waiting for someone to say!
I loved Nick saying about the broccoli &quot;some of your best work&quot; to his mom - he looked so truly upset about the movies 
I loved tonight  Good friends and hilarious times. Can't be arsed with pathetic people anymore i'm over it. Off to bed, up in 4 hours 
I loved UP, didn't think they needed that type of villain. Story was great, looked like they reused some assets from past movies  #UP
i lovee Farrahhh!!! &lt;33 im sooo sory babbyy!!  R.i.P xx  myy knee!!!! :| dr. appointment todaii! :S iloveee you gregor stirling &lt;3...
I miss the old computer. AAAAH. My files.  I'm sleepy.
i miss the old days.. many have changed.  and i dont like it.. arg. hays. i have to accept it. its life.
I miss the old healthy me and I am loosing faith that I ever will be again 
i miss the old Jonas Brothers  i still love them, buuut..oh, i don't know. i fell in love with the '07 JB. haha.
I miss the old JonasBrothers from 05-07 . I want the new jersey boys back  too bad nothing will ever be the same anymore.
i miss the old mtv &amp; bet BEFORE reality tv  .... &amp; @tristanwilds no prob
i miss the old Multiply site 
i miss the outside world! 
i miss the pool, hope i can find time to be with my team mates next semester, i miss swimming so much 
I miss the rain 
I miss the rest of the AzHOSA State officer team already. 
i miss the saudi kids. the random dance parties and the smoking rich stuck up arab speaking classmates i had. i misssss it 
I miss the sea. 
i miss the seniors already! 
i miss the shit out of my HU favs!! 
I miss the sound of his voice and how he makes me laugh 
i miss the sound of your voice 
I miss the sun, finally our house is done, and there is no nice weather to go and sit out in 
I miss the suns  &amp; the cavs.
i miss the sunshine 
I miss the two david. archuleta and cook! HUHU  i miss them soooo baaad!
I miss the underage feeling 
i miss the waitress from last nite.  she was bangin'!!   
i miss the weekend.. 
I miss them again 
I miss them already 
I miss them already... 
i miss them homies. 
i miss them so much 
I miss them.. 
I miss they 
I miss this guy   http://yfrog.com/5ftmqj
I miss this personn. 
i miss those days. the old hannah montana songs we used to sing to together, making up stupid songs at 2 in the morning. where'd they go? 
I miss Timmy 
i miss too many people 
I miss Top Chef. Nothing else quite compares to me right now. 
i miss tori and francesca.  i love you both.
I miss touring 
I miss track.  i hope I don't have to get knee surgery @CamdenLuv
i miss tree hill  oh season 7 whats takin it so long? talk about missin it a lot  (
I MISS TUGGER AND MISTO  last night was amazing&lt;3 i was so close to them :')
I miss TV... stupid DTV conversion.  I'm gonna busy myself with Hulu until I get a new TV.
I miss TweetDeck 
i miss tweeting  have to go to CIT now...
I miss tweeting with @chriddycent and @chickman07! 
I miss twitter 
I miss Twitter right now. Oh how i wish updates would come to my phone. 
I MISS TWITTER SO MUCH !!  ,i can only go online during the weekends..i'm missing so many updates.
I loveeeeeee fame life ...can't live it though 
i loveeeeeee Gossip Girl. Now in bed, tomorrow studying again. 
I loves mah kitty and mah fiancee. Going to miss them both so much when I go home. 
I lower IQ's when I talk to people. 
i luv miley cyrus can i have ur numberi have like no friends an ur like my only imagine friend i wish i could have meet u but..... 
i luv that boy soooo much but he dont luv me like i luv him. 
i m bored!! studied so much today almost 6 chapters... so m not in amood to study..orkut is no fun these days.. 
I 'm going to sleep.........because I'm very Tired  bye
I m just so sad I dont even have a good reason I should been sad 9 years ago 
i m really sorry... 
i m sick right nw  , hopefully shud be wel by tomorrow , coz i have my relle imp test tomorrow
I mad my computer is actin up 
i made a bad choice breakin up wit ma bf  i want him bck 
i made a bad decision today  i always want to get involved with dramas! someone kick me!
i made a best friend here and now he's leaving 
I made a bet with Nathan last night that I could get a picture with everyone at the party. Sadly, as there was about 40 there, I failed. 
I miss Twitter. huhuhu  http://plurk.com/p/y1p8u
I miss twittering all day 
I miss twittering on the go 
I miss two years ago when it was different.. Blah 
i miss u @willie_day26.. what happened? why RNT u on Twitter 
i miss u all...especially @AlexxuPsycho and @Plumxd 
I MISS U SO MUCH 
I miss u so much ! 
I miss us   http://twitpic.com/6vv45
I MISS UST ALREADY! 
i miss venice already 
I miss Vermont 
i miss veronica and logan 
I miss walking the beach 
i miss watching a cartoon called get ed!  
I miss watching Dawson's Creek. 
I miss watching Hannah Montana  Wait, there's on youtube right? Yay!!!
i miss watching live shows/concerts..i wonder who will be the next Pinoy artist to visit SG..i think i wanna watch..i miss Pinas 
I miss watching the Finals.  Darn.
i miss wembley,  june 15th.. ill never forget you. i dont think chloe would let me forget you anyway :L
I miss whatshisface 
I miss when @alwayscandace would come on AIM.  I bet @basketkace and @thephotogirl do too.
i miss when twitter told you what appliance you were tweeting from 
i miss whimsky  huuu
I miss who we all used to be 
I miss Wizzy 
i miss ya, i miss ya, i really wanna kiss ya, but i can't. 
I miss Yesterday 
I miss yesterday! All the rides were no more then a 15 minute wait!  dammit...
i miss yewww so badly 
I miss you 
i miss YOU  come back sooon &lt;3
i miss you  http://plurk.com/p/13w4fg
I miss you  I feel odd. I feel tired. I feel energetic. Im weird right now.
i miss you  its still a long time, until you come home 
I miss you  Nills .
I miss you , if you knew  
i miss you ...  Why you are not here with me ??    I love you soo ... 
I miss you @Ashleytisdale ! I miss the adventures whit you! 
I MISS YOU @CarjoBergum ! wish I could be with you in hamaaaar! 
I miss you @Coooooooony  I want to see you 
I miss you @itsericaduh!  http://myloc.me/5ztV
I miss you @laeryken. Don't know if you follow me anymore. 
i miss you @nicolekman  come over tomorrrow
i miss you @nrm262 ♫ http://twt.fm/163051 
I miss you @Sam_Sablich   lets hang out and cry together @Brunette1
i miss you a lot my g  @xgabox
i miss you all my friends 
I miss you all so much  I wish my computer were fixed.
I miss you already  this is not fair!
i miss you already.  call me, please?
I miss you babe. 11-6-09  &lt;3
i made a cake.. it deflated 
I made a chocolate cake. It was tall and beautiful and then fell on the granite counter top and shattered to pieces 
I made a friends album on Facebook. So far I only have 2 friends in it. 
I made a litre of blackcurrant juice with boiling water. 20 mins later it's still too hot to drink...   http://bit.ly/2hMJ6
i made a tumblr thingy.  +SIMS3 TOMORRROW! (hint to amlntsha!) 
I made a video but hell if I am ever gonna figure out Windows Movie Maker! I feel defeated and I was so excited too! 
I made bacon today. not the same anymore  @lalabacon
I made billy's hair look soooo good. And he didn't even like it.  Haha
I made brownies and don't even feel like eating those.  (Which is just as well, having not had any real food.)
I made dinner for @tokyopop24 and I, and she still isn't home yet from school  I'm worrrried 
i made it (Y) @amazingphoebe it isn't my fault 
I made it 3 and half weeks as a non-smoker. I will not beat myself up over this. I'll recommit to not smoking soon. Please don't hate me 
I made it but I gotta go back on the 26th to replace a filling 
I made it home. 5 mph the last two miles or so. 
I made it to the kitchen and made a cup of tea...but forgot the biscuits. period pain=hellllllll. 
I made it to Waffle House safely! Im waiting on my food. I'm not used to coming here alone  If, only u knew...
I made it! I made it! 12 noon I touched the lighthouse! No cell coverage sorry  but yeeeehaaaa. That was cycling NZ uphill.
i made jiffypop because we have a gas stove here. only to find out it is loaded in trans- and saturated fats  i opted for triscuts.
I made loads of mistakes typing a comment on @charltonbrooker's column  I look likea  right idiot now. Damn enthusiasm.
I made my 7am flight. On my way back to the desert. 
I made shrimp salad. Yummy! Actually I use it as a dip. I also cut myself.  I always do that whenever I try to cut something.I'm so clumsy
I made some money, sold some stuff...can I go home now? I miss my bubby Adaira and my apartment. 
I made tea, forgot about it and now it's cold 
i made the huge mistake of reading 1 of Candy'S blogs 
I made this huge revelation as I was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now I totally forgot it. I hate when that happens. 
i made too much, i'm full already 
I maimed a squirrel this morning.  I've never hit an animal before!
I making a mistake at work... especially an expensive one... 
I managed to fall asleep and now I'm awake at 4:41am, no good to me when I start work at 8am!! 
I managed to make it all the way to the office before realizing that I forgot my badge at home. 
I MISS YOU BEN. FUCKING DEADSETT 
i miss you bes!!! 
I miss you BG 
i miss you boo  @MzKRayne88
i miss you brother! 
i miss you bryce 
I miss you chair... 
i miss you chikedi. 
i miss you cristina!! Loved our talk this morning!! ;) our bf Kevin needs to come back..... 
I miss you cynthia kai! 
I miss you daddy, for real for real...you fell asleep on me 
I miss you Doug ! 
I miss you efe and I cant wait till you come back. America is boring without you  around... 
I MISS YOU ELLEN......... 
I miss you evelyn!  -veronica i love you hubbbbarrt!
I miss you girl!   (I'm going to bed now. Goodnight all!)
I miss you hughy 
I miss you i miss you smile 
i miss you kuya ghasan 
I miss you like fuck! Feeling sick that i havent spoken to you in a day.  &lt;33
I miss you love  i'm so happy i'm seeing you!
I miss you my bunnyduck, please come home  My family always ask you where. http://myloc.me/2TA8
I miss you my crazy josephine_goodbye. What are you doing? How are you? Where are you?Isaw you not weighed in consideration 
I miss you New York... 
I miss you on here @janinegarcia  ok I'll text you now instead.
I miss you Roada 
i miss you so much   rip.
I miss you so much  .
I miss you so much even though I know it will never be like it was &amp; it will never work...all because of your warped thinking 
i miss you so much i cant wait 2 see you 
I miss you so much. See you on 16th july,hunny. Oh,my God. It's a long time... 
i miss you so very much 
i miss you squid, really do!  #fb
I Miss You Tommy! 
i miss you too @brookebelch!! 
I miss you too bbygrl. Next weekend furrsure we're gonna have us some fun. Cuz then you're gone and ima miss you sooooo much 
i miss you twitter almost 3 weeks no phone 
I miss you twitter. My phone broke, now I'm using a stupid Nokia phone. Ughhh, I miss my advance phone. 
I miss you!!! 
i miss you, baby 
i miss you, but i DOnt undersatnd why 
I miss you, Emily. Where are you?  I need you.
I miss you, Europe 
I Miss You, I Miss Your Smile 
i miss you, i miss your smile. and i still shead a tear every once in a while...  :L
I miss you, I'm sorry 
I miss you, what did you do with my best friend you monster? 
I miss you. I miss how close we used to be. 
I Miss You.. Is Your Birthday Tomorrow... And Im Not Going 
I managed to wake up in time to see Kallis and Smith get out  But all in all a good total.Nice to watch cricket after a while,even if T20.
I may be going to LA on the 23rd. *Sigh* 
I may be performing in this live NYC &quot;Downloaded&quot; show tonight: http://youaredownloaded.com/ Although, I'm not popular enough to headline 
I may be wasting away at work, but at least I'm a fucking genius while I do it. Can't wait to go put my foot up tonight. It's sore. 
I may cling to 32-bit apps as long as possible because the 64-bit alternatives chew up so much more VM memory  ouch
I MAY CRY MY 6YR OLD IS COMPLETING HIS FIRST FULL YEAR OF SCHOOL,  IT IS BITTER SWEET FOR MOMMA
i may end up with an american car  those who know me knows somewhere a pig is flying...quick i need to buy something jdm for my eg!
I may go home for a few days. I'm homesick. 
I may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  http://tinyurl.com/nccqya
I may have done something mean 
I may have found somebody who would want one of my cats, and now I'm sad   #fb
I may have just found out I'm allergic to tomatoes 
I may have left my hat @ La Carreta 
I may have to do laundry today . . at an actual laundromat . . damnit. 
I may have to start looking to add on a second job.. can't survive on part-time hours 
I may need to hit the pool and beer tonight-it is hot and sticky in Minneapolis-and cuz Dave's not here  have fun PA!
I may not be moving... confusion is setting in.  I need something to get me onto my feet 
I may or may not pass out at work from lack of sleep  Ugh!
i mean he was way too good of a guitarist for the cab, but still 
I mean nobody goes on this anymore  x
I mean pin 
I miss you.. Its only been 2 days ago since we've met. I dont kno why, but i really do 
i miss you..through all the things we have been through..i still miss you..  i feel like blogging. XP
I miss your company 
i miss youu 
i miss youu guyss 
I miss Zam's Chicken in London  I miss d French pastries  I miss d penyu-s in Perhentian n homely feeling in KK... aaaaahhh!!!
I miss Zoe already  It was hard leaving her at my moms
I miss...you. 
I missed  11:11 again.  
I missed  the train 
I missed (forgot) my last meeting of the day. 
i missed @ replies from people! 
i missed @taylorswift13 rapping with t-pain.   
i missed 2 hours of it! 
I missed a dose of Army Wives this week 
I missed a friend's birthday blowout. keep getting sick at night because of the hot 'n cold weather. 
I missed a recruitment day because the paper printed the 16th not the 15th. Somehow I knew that was going to be my fault 
i missed adam lambert's live chat on comcast because of work. i hate being responsible 
i missed all of you 
I missed all the Beatles Stuff  #XboxE3
I missed almost the entire hockey game.....   must've slipped into a coma earlier @tat2dsteelergal  Good Morning!
i missed ana's birthday party just so i can NOT get my apartment and sit at home and sort. 
I missed Bb 
I missed Cobra on tv  dang it.
I missed Conan O'Brien 
i missed daisy of love  man i can't believe i'm getting hooked on trashy reality tv shows.
I MISSED EVERY BEEPING TWEET FROM @crystalchappell, FTL!  I am one sad pineapple. *tries to catch up on #Otalia*
I missed Flawless!   who was after/before them??? Though, tea was bloody brilliant!!!
I missed Forrest Whittaker's rendition of &quot;Dick in a box&quot; last night 
i missed Gareth emery the other day..and even today his set was not streamed   #asot400
I missed half of Aaliyah's Rock The Boat bcuz of my moms big mouth on the car fone. I never get a break!!!! 
I missed Hannah Montana featuring David Archuleta. It didn't record. Electric got cut.. 
I missed Harper's Island tonight  Stupid Global TV.
I missed Hawthorne  .....was it good?
I missed her call. 
I missed Hillary. 
I missed his call! NO 
i missed i-gosip on trans 7 this afternoon !!! there was David Archuleta..! poor kezia 
i missed i'm a celebrity 
I Missed it 
I missed it    (Brandon007 live &gt; http://ustre.am/vfn)
i missed 'kobe : doing work' by spike lee 
i missed kobe bryant on conan 
I missed Leno's last show.... booooo 
I missed maneater on lifetime...fuck fuck fuck. I thought I put the reminder on 
i mean what i did was not in line with MoH guidelines  but it was necessary.
I mean www.humanimalconnection.com, bad speller 
i mean, i can DO healthy eating if i'm home where i can just sit with a salad and nom all day, but the real world gets in the way 
i mean, i thought i was supposed to be like, excited and happy at this point, not stressed 
i mean, it's not like 500 words is a lot, because it's sooo not. it's just that i don't  know where to start &amp; i HATE CiTiNG SOURCES. 
I mean, people... yeah, got confuse too 
i meant *2 go..yea i'm really trippin...gettin sleepy 
I meant 'gonna' aahhh  where's @omelet_805 to correct me? 
I meant hairy cat hair... oh forget it!!! 
i meant to get into bed by 10:30 or 11...getting up to hike at 7am  i dont get to sleep in until...next weds? =/
i ment burgers sorry 
i ment to say High School Musical is gay lol... fyi i loved HS back in the day. i miss it 
I mentioned it before, but scrolling through long manpages in the Terminal app without PageUp/PageDown is hell  #MacBook
i messed up 
i messed up my own plan by spending an hour read kimi ga suki 
I messed up my Ralph Lauren shoes  but it was worth it. I'm tired
I messed up my review og Dutch  but I success my review of religion
i met @Fuzzy2230 after 4 freakin LONG WEEKS!!! YES!!!!! FINALLY!!! IM SOO HAPPY!! I MISSED YEW SOO MUCH!! 
I met a clone of myself once in a deli. I was very sad to find out that he was the original 
i met ATL! i feel so special  i didnt get a pic with zack though  oh well, im still happy 
I missed many DM's in past few days. Never got notified  Sucks! Sorry people, would check and reply to all..
i missed merlin again 
I missed Merlin yesterday!  But YAY Recruits is on soon! 
I missed my #400 tweet  buuu hehe-.. so, I´m gonna dedicate tweet #401 to @JonasBrothers cause they just started their world tour ;)
i missed my 1111 tweet 
I MISSED MY 3000th tweet  I DEDICATE IT TO @JesusChrist
i missed my 400th update! 
I missed my 8am class for the first time this quarter today 
i missed my family! 
I missed my loved ones who are so so far away from home 
i missed my twins phone call! tear  i am HORRIBLE at answering my phone...i leave my phone in my room and end up downstairs not hearing it
I missed national doughnut day 
I missed out gambling with the boys.  thats what i got for being lazy on sat night. lame
I missed out on gallows last night :/ Mum didnt let me go.. and I would have missed the supports too, but I dont care about them. Gallows 
I missed out on the $3 off Huggies coupons!  
i missed peter doherty in stoke  bad times
I missed quite a few tweets on my phone over the past few days. 
I missed Secret Life 
I missed shane.  nite
I missed skins  so now im trying to watch Degrassi. People seem to like it but it always looked boring to me. but its this or VH1. and ...
i missed sth last night... 
i missed taylor lautner shirtless on the mtv awards. 
i missed the &quot;Hills&quot; and &quot;love of Ray J&quot;  ehhh 
i missed the @loscreepers show! 
I missed the A R Rahman Jai Ho show in Kozhikode...  no words to describe how i would have enjoyed (
i missed the CMT awards i heard that it was good 
I missed the concert.... 
I missed The Exciting Middle Part of the Fairly Odd Parents movie tonight 
I missed the exit 
I missed the first episode of jonas. ha  now doing my art homework.
I missed the free ice cream @ Friendlys  Oh well..headed to the Menlo Park Mall with my Mama! If you're there holla!
I missed the game   Did The Magic win?
I missed the Hammerklavier played by (blind!) pianist, Tsujii.    Hope the video is in archives somewhere. Lifits reminds me of Cory Wells
I missed the Ice Cream man 
I missed the jonas brothers show  I know I'm a complete dork but I really wanted to see it! I'm sure my 5 year old niece did. ahaha.
I missed the live chat with @MGiraudOfficial   blaming TimeZone!
I missed the Microsoft Press conference STUPID SCHOOL 
I missed the Miss USA pageant, 
i missed the mtv awards   thats sad.....
I missed the mtv movie awards 
I missed the mtv movie awards and the hills.... 
i missed the nanny 
i missed the new moon trailer!! 
I missed the opportunity for a text war  I miss you too and can't wait to talk to you... I'm getting ready for day 3 training!
I missed the Paramore show    /emo
i missed the pool today  Will have to make up for it tomorrow.
I missed the preveiw due to Jonas in London lmao and I forgot to record it 
i missed the saturdays at the cliffs tonight 
I missed the show last night. 
I missed the sound of my nails on my keyboard today. Kinda ished I hadn't trimmed them last night. 
i missed the wedding 
I missed the whole fair/parade in my neighborhood  I had to work... FML.
i missed the ym confe with my girlfriends because my mom used my laptop. 
i missed their concert  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7gn8k
I missed today's Shirt.Woot, with the DeLorean and TARDIS on the design.  Suckass way to start off a Monday.  
I missed u bed and body pillow...I however did not miss work 
I MISSED U GUYS 
i missed u! o &amp; riley doesn't like me anymore! 
i missed you! i'm sick.... 
I misses my boyfriend like crazy 
I misspelled Izabel Jahja... sorry Abel  Begitulah kalau tweeting during break ON-AIR... hahahaha *ngeles!!!*
i misss CELTIC!!      , ♥scooter ;) haha
i misss freaking sparky! my doggie that isn't my doggie at all. 
i misss maria! 
i misss my boy  and hopes he misses me too
I misss my main$, saw alll 3 of en todaaay, were all separated now 
i misss my puppies and kitties.... im gettting home sick! 
i misss people  last summer was so funn..what happened?
i misss you babykins 
I misss you twinzzzzzy!!! 
i misss youu 2..echt super erg 
i missss somebody so badly 
i misssss bub!  45 minutes ot get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
i MiSSSSSS MY HAiRRRRR! *hence my BG pic 
I misssssssss yoooouuuu!!!!!  so much more now....
i missssssssssssssssss not talking to folk i used to talk to all the time 
I mite hafta cook rice. But perhaps later. But am hungry  http://plurk.com/p/z0f8o
i mixyuh all you all 
I momentarily regained faith in humanity when I saw #lions in the trend list, but alas it refers to sport and not Disney movies 
i ms'd tha strawberry letter this morning 
I much fear there is disaster waiting ahead for my computer 
I must admit, i'm a little pissed ppl are starting to hip to Drake. ...  n correction, not just my Sorors, MY CHAPTER! E? baby all day!!
i must almost go to work 
@inclino ... what 
@incobalt This is Sealed Limited Alara Block tourney with no trades. I didn't get a Death Mutation. 
@IncredibleMiley - what is tweetdeck? i come from germany and i don't understand it  can say Me what it is? 
@incrediblesteve  Poor Kate 
@incrociate what does it say? It won't let me access jensons site  now I know how f1 coverage is for you 
@Incwell Hehe See...Forgot ALL About The Lil Ppl 
@indakno yea, yea, yea...I'm sooo down right now! 
@indiaess i told ya what you can do about that!!!! 
@indiamos I have a large paperback @nyrbclassics edition of J.F. Powers (600ish pages) that is dropping pages from perfect binding. 
@indianaadams i had no idea it was so good! i feel guilty about the fish  but holy moley i might have to make an exception once in awhile!
@IndianaAL AWW...I wish it would have been advertized here before now. I would love to see Jason Michael Carroll but had made other plans 
@IndiaReville Nah i didn't  bit annoyed but ah well! The book's called &quot;one day&quot; Sounded/looked quite good!!
@indieandyy I didn't know it was wireless. Eh. 
@indiechav heyyy, i know man   iv been good yeah tah yu bbz? xx
@indiecindy93 Can't I stay for lunch? 
@indieicing Unfortunately not doing this full-time  But would be available regardless.
@IndieMcGee I'm really tempted!  But it's more $$ a month for me.... 
@indiemusicfinds My Psychology teacher said there is a good chance that they could come into power 
@indiepixie omg a roach was in my room for the first time ever in this apartment today. I hope I don't have Patricia luck next 
@indierocket blech  know what you mean, had myself a good cry last night for no good reason
@IndieSF hopefully you try to make it interesting and get something different every time? i've eaten everything at the airport already 
@IndieTashi I hope your's doesnt give you indigestion!  booooo!
@indigirl that's sad 
@IndiJayy i knowwwww! ugh how depressing  nick didn't confirm, but we all know he's doing more than reconnecting with miley xP
@indithunder HAHAHA i ♥ pashaaaa i miss you both 
@inDmixx Thank youuuuuu. @thedrumlife Lol. Nooo. Not Marco Polo. 
@indpnt1 oh no! poor you. OUch! 
@induce1 Panchito's burfday party tonight... wish you were here kiddo! 
@industrata thaaaats okay. I was late in asking.  But how am I gonna get my 8 cups of coffee!? This is tragic 
@IndyEnigma THANKS 4 the invite but my health might take me west sooner than I think&gt; Asthma here.  
@IndyTalk didn't see it.. I'll be missing the races that have sold out to Versus this year    Good to have Dario back though!
@indyval i'm half naked now cos its almost 100 degrees here. 
@IndywoodFILMS I could be interesting, I work for the fourth largest premium spirits company in the world. But in IT, not marketing or PR 
@IndywoodFILMS no excitment that I bought #100? 
@indywoodfilms very tempting! But i'll have to wait till payday for it, so i'm useless to you today! 
@Ineartips Dave was awesome! It was so cool going to a concert at Fenway! Today was my first day at Corporate, not as fun as Kittery 
@ineedcandyyy Aww  ).
@ineedcandyyy Why aren't you happy? 
@Ineedmyfix I bought a maxi dress that needs to loose like 6 inches. It drags on me like a wetting dress. 
@InEgoVeritas  good site getting acquainted with it, can't add them to my foxy tunes yet 
@inell well... when evil villains and plots and subterfuges (which I haven't entirely worked out yet) are involved, not all goes well 
@iNetters thank you 
@InEveryWordISay I don't know how to help! I feel helpless for you   I hope things will get better
@InEveryWordISay I'm sorry about that 
@inez_13  I can't help but feel sad.. My friend is trying to cheer me up too but I guess it's not helping..  
@inezherbosa I miss you, too! Where've you been? 
@InfamousCoolKid no   Ill be in Japan!
@infamousink I had to work todayy  and like ev everyone that's supposed to go with me tomorrow bailed! I'm not loved 
@infamouslexijay me too  what u painting?
@infamousozcar No money. 
@Infamousp stfu!!!! Man i'm at work 
@infamy187 i wish i was watching will and grace with you too!god damm sports banquet. 
@Infantry11bdub 
@inffff I'm well not impressed with that album so far right now 
@infidelsarecool ugh how depressing.    i want to punch something.
@infiltrators O no, I am feeling guilty 4 dragging you out to dinner last visit, dear introvert! what a dumb-dumb i am   now i know be ...
@InfinateLove Don't know what to think anymore at all...  I also won't mention any names...
@infinight I LIKE. 
@infinight pw why aren't you followign me on tumblr 
@infinitecrimson Gotta get into that ain't even kno he had new one out slackin on my musiq 
@infinitus_ Either that or they don't get my humour.  Here's the video http://is.gd/OblE and here's the T-shirt I want http://is.gd/Obq0
@infinitysanti &amp; Yes, Toshi death scene 
@inflatableheart should of known, it always has to mess up when i'm doing something 
@inflightradioo I can't have an opinion? 
@infobunny Not a slow day on the Iranian obits desk, I'll wager 
@infopolicy i wish! visa takes too long 
@InfraStrength I want the 3g s but don't have an upgrade yet  just got the sims 3 can't believe it's a cell phone game
@Infredib1e LOL! i am in fact getting ready to go out in the mission right now, but not with my little sister's friends 
@infused08 you didn't like it? 
@Inga_Ros Get's worse if you live temporarily in the US and have European issued Visa card. Can't buy ANYTHING online then. Been there 
@inga89 aww =[ i feel so sorry for you 
@IngaLeonora I just got home but really didn't want to  was nothing to do out there...
@ingeHIT have no link here... there is only a Twitter and Flickr backchannel 
@ingek73 I'm on blip but can't get it to work on me iPhone 
@Ingenious_mind we gotta find lullz a job tho... 
@ingermewburn hooray! Now you can go out and spread regular disease! Which is probably worse than H1N1 by the sounds. Poor B 
@inglewood_erin I know you are Erin. I was just messing with you  Do you nd a hug?????
@iNGO98 :O no way, that's AWESOME!! haha sorry i haven't been on here so long - been revising  and yeah tis known as mah song now  ta!
@Ingoflam yup 
@ingrid_b Are you sad?  you've been very quiet.., but maybe you're just tired? 
@ingridcoles The cyclazine doesn't seem to help much. Had some this morning.  Think it may be an ulcer. Gastroscopy on Monday - Yay! Fun!
@ingridgarces I have an iphone.    i can't seeem to figure this thing out  
@ingridmoo why you crying? 
@ingridmusic  It says the video's private 
@ingridmusic i love ur new default! its soo pretty! but how come i cant listen to this song on myspace? 
@ingridmusic She's got a great voice. I miss I Love Lucy 
@ingridz3 I donated a book at the show in fairfax     plus i just got an email from B_club that my shirt was never shipped and they are
@ingridz3 yes I do!   They are 3hrs away from where I'm at right now 
@Ingumon  oh dear....I had pasta with courgettes and tomato chilli sauce...
@ingvild1211 no i havent I've been @ doctors visits out my butt 
@ingyg You're right. But if treating yourself leaves you feeling guilty then that kinda takes the point away right? 
@inifitleycarol i sniffed my texta again 
@inikco http://twitpic.com/6u17x - lol ok you not thick anymore  but why? lol
@inimeg oh ya ... that thing about you slipped off my mind! 
@iNISHA_ my heart is broken  can u bring my sister back please and THANK you idk who u r!!!!!
@INishaBoo92 best performance organization of year. Boring 
@INishaBoo92 bitch u can say hey to him but not me??? 
@INishaBoo92 ugh! Dats @TRaBeezy song!  
@Initiatives_lib I plan to apply for prof reg too - better hurry! Btw, feeling a bit rejected right now 
@inkamila wish I was in London again too  Scotland sucks!
@inkandneedle There was one last year that was so phenomenally bad.  Too bad I can't remember the title   #marketingfail
@InKatlinsPahnts :O i didnt shame on me 
@InKatlinsPahnts hmmm well i guess we already found out i could forget yours O.o 
@InKatlinsPahnts noooo dont have a seizure!!! 
@InKatlinsPahnts nope. never hear from anyone cept @lostlovely @_Tits @baxterburgundy @mallycakes @lisad and my fam..  lucky anyone write
@InKatlinsPahnts oh no.. #babytweeter is growing up. Sad 
@inkatlinspahnts theres an hourly limit  i got put in right when @justlikeanovel got out
@INKDMOM awee  poor ass
@inkdmom what's goin on Hun 
@Inkedmom6 aw  I'd smack them.
@inkedSolace cabelas did  NOT call  lol
@inkfid got the update but I lost all my contacts and pics 
@iNkGyRl aaaww...ii tHot tHey was FaeVer! 
@inkiser yea...my fridge is small...hav to use ice instead 
@inkrediblenyc are u followin me? I don't c ya updates 
@inkromance what are you reading at the moment? my neck currently prevents me from reading 
@inkserotica oh, that's sad, poor kitty 
@inkt_angel awe sorry to hear about that, I HATE bad dreams  I've been having strange ones too.
@inkydoo I`ll be waiiiting for youuuu. )  So sad.
@inlineguy so am I which is why the pics may not be real. However with my 1st gen iPhone, no MMS for me.  well not until the upgrade 
@inlovewitharmy Hope we're together in LC. 
@inlovewitharmy i knoooooooooooow 
@inlovewitharmy omg! i just slept alsooo.  we gotta be prepared for tomorrow. bj!
@inlovewither24 Connie..I miss you too i'll b back some time tomorrow.  We gotta hang out this weekend b4 u leave me 
@inlovewithsteff I told you to come with me! 
@inluu http://twitpic.com/7j63n - That's how we like it  Why do allways miss it 
@InLuvwithJON I need to get me one of those, damnit for not having a job 
@InLuvwithJON Mine 2!! 
@InLuvwithJON oh now is someone being rude to you?  ugh  why must they ruin everything 
@Inluvwithjon what? I will have to post a link to it once i have internet service again. These next couple of weeks are going to be rough 
@Inmanyways Darn it! I can't watch your vid either 
@inmediasrays I'm so sorry to hear that 
@inmyheadstudios totally time to send the hubby for sugar- black coffee is torture! Sorry you're sick 
@InMyPinkPanties I miss you boo! 
@innabinna Fuuuccckk yeahhh sushi. I don't kniw why u aren't gettijng my tweets 
@innerbrat @moviegrrl: No Tia Carrera version of Ballroom Blitz on Spotify 
@innerwizdom ((hug)) I hope it passes quickly for you. 
@innik in Indy not the A 
@innloon3y yea he better use this break to rest, the best player in the world is getting older 
@Innocencexo I had these spot things upmy armm 
@InnocntBystnder i missed the mtv awards 
@InnovativeGames SEAN! there are a few c&amp;p errors in your code for friday's tutorial. need the fog draw function; i wrote one which fails 
@innuendogirl !! I love it so much! Such a good show! Season 2 in 3 months! I find it so hard to find HQ pics of Dollhouse though 
@innuendogirl celebrities and TV characters, so it's no big deal. I can't save anything to my comp. cuz I'm using the school one.  
@innuendogirl Harmony's not a tag-along.  There was an episode where she got minions. Can't remember which one though. :/
@innuendogirl My computer froze because of that open office thing. I have to use my other computer and tv.com is blocked on here. 
@InnyVinny but porns suck 
@InocencioJubee @AngelGhe yeah! it's kinda fun. but, im not stressed cause im not aiming for perfection. gosh, i miss david. 
@InocencioJubee stupid flu. we could all die. david might die. dont die 
@Inonfilms thanks for noticing. An essay about literary creativity, for my degree 
@InorganicBoy I wish. They don't sell wine in grocery stores here.  Sometimes beer, but that is it!
@inorio So jealous...I'm desperate to watch Wimbledon but am still boycotting DTV. 
@inositle We hid it in a very very sneaky spot. And no, it doesn't really work yet. 
@inprogress 
@inprogress missing you  might have to take a ride and let TamTom tell me where to go..  
@Inqy oh no! Our AC has conked out a coupla times, too, so I can feel your pain. 
@inrsoul   not good. Especially when i came back from BKK on Monday afternoon...
@inrsoul @gniliep pandora was still my favourite before they made it US only 
@inrsoul argh. Interested. Time maybe can't go. Maybe. 
@inrsoul woof i want durian too! missy didn't let me have any 
@insanefreak I don't remember (anymore) the last time I had Coffee Bean. 
@InsaneXade Yikes! Well, yes, there is that. 
@insanity_rocks so very very true -- same down here in Raleigh 
@insearchofnkotb oh no!    are you at the pre-party?  My one friend is there - Rachel - I think she is wearing a shirt with facetime on
@insearchofnkotb the  pics arent showing for me 
@inseparablejb aww, poor u  my stomach hurts now too!!! lmao
@insertcotku But who always ate the Diet Coke and crackers we left him?  (our family is weird, don't ask...)
@InsidePorn Okay, never mind then.  *Bummertime*
@insidetheglow @jadaboi @shannaniscool i miss you skanks 
@insomniacgames Please, give us one more code 
@Insomniaticx I still have 2 full, long schoolweeks!!! Let's call me sad 
@inspectorjavert Then whhhhhhhy did you leave us 
@inspired12 awwwwwwww.... d2mini misses John Candy. 
@inspiredbride If you post them please don't use the one where I have a double chin from laughing 
@inspiredbyjenna that sucks Jenna, sorry to hear that. 
@inspiredmess ohhhhh!! feel better  I GOT THE BEST MAIL FROM YOU! thanks, you're so sweet!
@inspiredmess so do we. I hate we all live so far 
@InspiredWriting I love how I can - could - easily read and tweed while working. With twitter.com I'm reloading all the time 
@iNss Mhmmm 
@instruisto you are so awesome-wasn't a point-just expressing how fortunate you are-drives me nuts when I can't  http://ff.im/2L5u8
@InStyle_Pat   about your no-longer-for-on-sale pickups!  it happens to the best of us!
@insuranceboy Hello - and a good morning 2 u! where did r sun go? 
@int23 being stuck in traffic having to take a dump can be worse..        trust me on this one
@intellecthigh Wow.  It's so sad that I couldn't work up the courage to order a pizza over the phone until I was well out of the house. 
@intelligensia You'll have to kiss the warranty goodbye now! 
@Intelligentle This was at Pitman's down South. It just looks like business is bad all over 
@intelligentSHAY LOL!!! I barely understood that! The rum is all done 
@intencitiess it does work, and I've done it before....but after you can't update your software, and it creates a lot of problems. 
@interactivemark no chimp to get yr beer huh? I've no beer for my chimp to get 
@InterCall  My company must enjoy torturing us! I'm afraid to say that it's the same old hold music.   but thank you for checking!*sob*
@interesting no it's not fascinating... all tickets sold out in a mili-second. 
@interjection biscuits.  and i want some 
@interjection I don't see any thunderstorms.  
@InterLeafer Rough week? Yep! Month of deliverables being shoved @ me, only 2 find today they had planned not 2 implement long time ago. 
@InternationalEA nope haven't got to my laptop yet sowwy 
@InternationalH she was supposed to move to vegas a few days ago &amp; all of her stuff was stolen out of her moving truck..cops cant find it 
@InternetPopular of course, he just called me. he said he had no clue that was going to happen and is VERY pissed off ... 
@Internode where's the Shepparton VIC exchange on your ADSL2+ list 
@InTheCityLife  ohh  sucks
@IntlD Outlook not so good 
@intobattle I dont like tea, does that make me unworthy to be British 
@IntoMobile I deserve a free iPhone 3GS because I've never owned a smartphone before D: I’ve been stuck with TMobile for so long ... 
@IntoTheTwilight because its a faggot!  lmao.
@intoyoureyes thank you! I need so muuch more but no one wants to help 
@intr0vert ima big fan of nyquil...cherry only. im all out tho  warm milk sounds gross. one of the others might work...
@intrepid316 
@intrepidteacher Thinking of you and your family as I watch the news 
@intrigued LOL! I miss Smallville too  I'm about to buy season 3 on dvd =P but i've seen most episodes of the other seasons 
@introducingBRI, Milah. .  i miss my camera,  ! i can't be conceited w.o it :-D
@introversimonDu I felt like crying when it wouldn't turn on  loving this bb thing on e4 tho. Saw you say Russell brand so had to find it!
@intven not more football  enough already!
@INTYCEYOU hey love whats up! my voice is shot  whats new with you
@intylicious can't stand ginger beer 
@iNut Anyways, I live in a desert, so we don't get much rain here, and it gets VERY hot. ughhhh 
@Invader_Gaz oh no moe! whats wrong?  &lt;33 panic attack ??
@inversation arrrrragh! I guess it's later then. Nite 
@inversation At least you haven't said you WOULD and then just never showed up or said anything. 
@invincibleDET  ...wutuptho?? lets catch up when u get a minute.
@invisagal I'm sorry 
@invisible21 Nothing.. Net wasnt working from last 3 days.. so couldnt come online 
@invisiblepigeon 
@invitemeto I created an acct, I clicked on &quot;people&quot; to see who else is coming, just saw option to change my reply. Again was confused. 
@invokedprojects Live is down. 
@inworship bummer 
@inyourvan Well I guess the McCafe=tastes like shit cured ur craving? You get the McSkillet? Me Wants  
@io_me No it hasn't-and companies don't understand yet that banner advertising on mobile is for brand awareness only not conversions 
@IOInteractive i'm missing my danish food cravings  i heard paella the other day. not so tempting. whens hot dog day?
@ionacosmetics actually i have to see my pain dr at 4. I rarely sleep before that. She knows right where it hurts 
@ionlywearblack your just mad cause your not getting one! haha jk it's my diets guilty pleasure 
@Ionutg I'm sorry to hear that dude. 
@ionwen Hi Sweat Pea, not moving the builders are coming in!!!   How did your move go - all settled in?
@iowagirl09 Sorry, I am too computer challenged...don't know how to post pics on here  He was VERY hot though!! ;)
@iowaradioguy was thinking about taking a late lunch, but teh hot keeps me inside 
@iPadre sounds just like our Austin forcast. 
@ipaladin You wouldn't have been if you saw how bad Rogers failed for upgrades on iPhone 3G S launch day  
@iPapi oh. I'm sowwie. I hope you feel better. You already know how I am when you're feeling less than awesome 
@iPenginBrijhe BTW is ur hip any better how did u hurt it hun 
@iPenginBrijhe hey why did @verwon block me? 
@iPenginBrijhe I thought I replied  booo me!!!! U come here to visit me and I will visit u there ;) 
@iphigenie Me too. And it�s another 2 hours until lunch 
@iPhillyChitChat Please tell Neil to tweet his fans more. He never writes 
@iPhone  Too many!!  I am just bitter that I dont have one 
@iphone_apps Is there a free todo list sync tool for outlook? i know &quot;To Do&quot; and &quot;toodledoo&quot; only  - Thanx...
@iphone_dev any dl links for the ipsw? my itunes fails every time it tries to download 
@iphone_dev can't get your hackmii URL to load 
@iphone_dev does not work! 
@iphone_dev Please guys! PNS and hacktivated iPhones not working!!!! I've tried to reach you like 5 times. This is bugging a lot of users 
@iphone_dev The silly numbers explain the silly posts 
@iphone_dev Tried s+f plus click Pineapple nothing happens 
@iPhoneDocked I'm getting a 404 error. The built-in player wont play it either. 
@iPhoneDocked Im not seeing where the other files are, so I am not sure I can change it. 
@iPhoneFAIL But I'm already dependent... 
@iphonegirl That's a nightmate 
@iphoneincanada &amp; @allthingsconnor sorry for your loss tonight guys 
@iphoneincanada Damn I'm at the full price and want the 32GB so I'm looking at $799.  Granted, someone wants to buy my 4m old 3G for $300
@iphoneincanada wish i could use the Rogers promo, my monthly bills r consistently over $100 becuz i have 2 #'s.  
@iphonelovede i have to agree! Twitterrific looks great and has giod functionality! 2. Choice is twitterfon! but it ceashes sometimes 
@iphonemms @naquada @alanb Yes, it's WIFI to 2121. Sorry about that 
@iPhotoTaker that sounds good right about now.... to bad there is no Roscoe's on the East coast  Well have a good shoot!
@iphwin it was me  I broked it.
@ipodnano1g2g I used wmm and I have the mac now , but I suck at it 
@ipodtouch15 UR NOT FOLLOWING ME!!! I can't DM u 
@IPPNW syllabus -- it's in Hungarian  -- http://www.reak.bme.hu/index.php?id=51
@ipsilateral omg why is she leaving 
@Ipstenu a dream come true, wish i could do the same 
@Ipswich772 Everyone gets them and someone always asks 1st  So thought I'd ask on here for the record XD
@Ipswich772 I bought him a shirt XD, he's at work now though so he hasn't seen it. 
@Ipswich772 I miss English cwk  it was amazing.
@Ipswich772 lucky sod. Mines gone for work  back at end of June.
@Ipswich772 Still hasn't come through, think my DM is somehow broken  Can you just @ me instead?
@Ipswich772 Yep, the chapter you were stuck on took forever. I reset the console whenever one of my troopers died for real too. 
@Ipu_chan I have a rash too  Put baby powder on them.
@Ipu_chan on the front, yeah 
@ipurr aw bummer, sorry to hear that 
@ipv6freely gateway right?  
@iqbal_joe no i'm not.i just font know why  work, just fine. tea time, lets!
@iqh PFFT..... WHATS WRONG SEH. WHAT I DOOOO.. 
@ir0nisland is there any social chats we can use tht dont hav flash i tried web messenger but didnt work  plus doin hmwk i go on pc l8er
@iradiate: beautiful FB lines to start off a beautiful day! For some reason fb wouldn't let me post a cooment to your status 
@iralu1 man, you guys are up early!! i'm sorry about the hurling. 
@iran09 I can't message you back since you are not following me.  Have a friend setting up proxies for Iranians to use.
@Irandissident  Yeah.
@iranelection It's now or never for the iranians! Be heard or be crushed! 
@IranRiggedElect I think I got dust in my eye  But you can't give up now, they won't die for nothing. Wish I could offer physical help
@iranriggedelect We are pushing for our government to help you though. Our bureaucracy is thicker than molasses. Do it on your own 
@iransofaraway It's doing that to me too. 
@irasapsup actually that's australian dollar kak, but still......... 
@iraveesh dude where r ya..no twitter for past 2-3 dayss..i was really waitin for your reply.. 
@iRaz I used to have this electric one that was about as loud as a guy softly humming, but I ran over the wire with it and broke it. 
@Irby16 sounds good,   where are u waitressing now
@ircmaxell - I think I need to find better anti-depressants.  I think this Paxil/Wellbutrin combo is losing its efficacy.  
@irdavidxox didnt make any sense did it? Had it on my lap 4 Julian videoing &amp; I thought he was in shot but he wasnt 
@irDominic My water bill is no joke. 
@ireckon I don't own any ugg boots  - that's not fair
@ireckon Some businesses are frightened of losing business, what they don't realise is that 60day account means you are losing money 
@ireckoncodeguy Mine has worked, but unfortunately the phone got reset to factory settings 
@irene_ODT it reminded me of new kids and us...we fight together, I was just having a bad day the other day. 
@irene2442 You and me both!  Although, my car is in the shop as it started stalling last night. 
@IreneAgbontaen I didn't get anything at all  Just a wave, and baaaare noise via chat!!! lol
@irenebarts i just didn't like the ending. it was so heartbreaking 
@irenerencsi How are you doing? What are you up to this weekend? Missed you in am yesterday 
@irenex33 i'm good but I couldn't go to sleep last night  I went to sleep at like 7:35 in the morning and woke up now at 12:45ish
@IrenieFiasco awww thank u! kinda lost my voice last wk-was horrible-i'm supposed 2b going 2cali in Aug 4 a wedding but can't go 
@iRepDLeague  everything will be good....you a soldier!
@irfanalien Can't be sure 
@irgxana next time? I might not get there this time if the bus has anything to do with it 
@irgxana Not sure... I am Cyclops. Staying home from work to go to doctor 
@irgxana was very funny - i am in so much pain now - head still hurts 
@irgxana You didn't include me in this   I am very much drubnk!!!
@iriissx3 No.  He hasn't answered our prayers YET.
@iris_shormeh_m u used to call me snuggums 
@irisamelia I feel bad for complaining, but debt makes me all panicky and a;lkfjsf-ish.  Still, HUGS to a fellow debt lady.
@Irish_vampire @MCRmuffin  ::faceplants on floor and cries::
@Irish1974 @dannywood Irish, it totally and completely SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!  
@Irish1974 I seriously need to go to bed.  It's going to be a loooooooong day tomorrow. Away from computer for most of it too.  
@IrishAttic Oh healthy and yummy! I had forgotten that combination 
@irishbeautymagg Oh goodness I want to cry now 
I met Lydia today :0 Ahhhhh I love her!! I haven't slept in like almost 30 hours though  I needa sleep soon even tho its only 7pm here.
I met my dog's daughter, Zoe, and she's so cute! but now she's with a new family, n my little sister is crying because she miss her haha 
I met so many people at Gardiner day, today was good but it made me realize how much I miss people I used to be so close with 
I met so many wonderful ppl.Im gonna miss my little Faith so badly!I hoper she never forgets me.I eill make sure 2 visit as soon as I can 
i might as well skip maths class today. it's a shame i'm sick. 
I might b staying the nite 
i might be going to the hospital soon 
I might be gone again 
I might be putting my kitten to sleep. 
I might be switching schools next year!! 
I might be without a computer. It's not wanting to start. 
I might cry. The cafeteria was closed. No m n m cookies for me tonight 
I might finish my movie. I'm 19 minutes in and they've already butchered the book. 
I might get the swine flu and I'm no kidding!!! 
I might have F***** up my only available contact with someone. 
I might have to go to my sisters recital anyone want to go with me 
I might have to leave before the Twitter celeb session to make it to Lincoln Center on time...  #140conf http://bit.ly/5vxDq
I might have to move to Missouri. BOO!!!!! 
I might have to redo my right hand. 
I might have to resign to the fact I have to get a glossy screened netbook. Why can't manufacturers stick with matte? 
I might have to take my cat to the vet. I found a woodtick in his head today, i got it out but if any poison got in him he could die. 
I might have to take my sister back to the ER  when will this end for her??
I might have to turn on the air conditioner today.   - http://bkite.com/084ep
I might ignore Twitter the rest of the week. All this E3 stuff is making me really sad that I decided against going. 
I might just be getting sick.  http://tinyurl.com/muz7ch
i might just bomb my science exam tomorrow, fuuuck  http://tumblr.com/xsn235eea
I might need to buy new shifters for my bike 
I might need to get therapy. I can't get good sleep and my life sucks 
i might sign off twitter...these updates about bamboozle are very saddening... my favorite bands in my home state...and i cant see them 
I mincashed the 500 at bellagip after getting itm as chipleader. 
I miraculously feel alright this this morning. @edadkins thinks it was done poisoning from my fav muffin  bad cream cheese!
I mis my childhood years... i mis my ates n kuyas... 
I mis my twin sistr shes gone 2 camp. 
I mish my bubsch 
i mish my girlfriend 
I Mishhhh You Pookie!!! 
I misplaced my iPod shuffle... All my exboyfriend's music was on it... 
I misplaced my Microsoft Word dictionary... I loved it... it even hard dirty words  So I downloaded a new one......
I misplaced my planner  I have all my scheduled sessions written down in there &amp; no where else!  Craaaap!
I miss  @Teddy_j 
i miss #lost #24 and #idol 
I miss &quot;ding-dong-ditching&quot; in San Francisco. 
I miss &quot;him&quot;  6/8 can't come fast enough. I patiently await his arrival knowing just how bless'd I am. &quot;Good things come 2 those who wait&quot;
I miss @abtre already 
I miss @allivthelove and all my other crazy ex-coworkers. 
I miss @almiraisaiden, @paulinamaxine, @pinkiecheeks and @kaylaaththedisco...  I love you guys!
I miss @almiraisaiden@paulinamaxine, @pinkiecheeks and @kaylaatthedisco...  Love you guys!
I miss @AS115 ... 
I miss @AustinA123, I wish he couldve came 
i miss @beccaxshmecca so much 
I miss @bekahferguson    Can't wait to see her tomorrow night!!!
i miss @bellaassis and @carolmartins so much, i think i'm gonna cry 
I miss @bsemaj already  shite
I miss @Cccccatie 
I miss @digital_dragon and @motoash  I wish they'd talk to me more often
i miss @emdeee .. &amp; the two coreys' career 
I miss @eroticstereo so damn much 
I miss @icanhasliburtee. 
i miss @JamieVallentine  but @emilygolightly comes home tmrw finally!
I miss @jchdz005! Hurry home babe 
i miss @jes1129.. alot! 
i miss @jocelynbrooks @ayekaygee. def miss @loveashlay, been months! lol and @cosmodoll even tho she never wants to hang 
i miss @joeyzehr so damn much. come to Jakarta pleaseeeee 
I miss @jonaslove128     I miss her series, I miss talking to her (even though I just did), I miss her  Jenny come back....sooon!!
i miss @jordanknight!! i really do!! 
I miss @krisallenmusic on TV 
I miss @ladyzonta5 @boogzz @milliemillz @ladyadrina @atabey28 aileen, kati, alice + nai-nai.  I can't wait to be with them/ see them again
i miss @marzodagreat26 .... 
i miss @meganvogt.  i can't believe we've already known eachother for seven years.
I miss @memphis53rd. I wish I was feeling better. I don't wanna go to the hospital 
i miss @mileycyrus' excessive tweeting. tweet more pwease 
I miss @misstake_13 too, but the gym still sucks when she's here or not  love you brittany!
i miss @OfficialMelB 
i miss @Radollashpc..i havent talked too him allll day 
i miss @RealLifeCarlito 
I miss @Sakoyo and I reread something on DA that made me think sad though. Now I am sad. 
i miss @sarahar092 and @marianna527  i need to hear being called kitty kat in person
I miss @SharoNiley  again.
I MISS @shayneTward LIKE SO MUCH  watching him sing One. Whyyy the same night as britney shayne whyyyy 
I miss @sirk88 alreadyyyy  don't leave tomorrow. Pleeasseee
I MISS @stacymagallon ALREADY! 
I miss @TheRealSwift  Come back! I miss our talks 
I miss @trishathompson 
i miss @twofine5 @tray_sea @pryncez 
I miss @venomforblood more  lots.
I miss @wicked12 I hope she is feeling better. I need my other half 
I miss a boy  
I miss a lot the central park in NYC  So beautiful there!
I miss A, I really do. 
i miss aaron so much 
i miss abu dhabi  http://plurk.com/p/t0t19
I miss Adam and Kris.  It's only been 25 mintues! How freaking sad is that?
I miss after-school-parasites!  and guess what, I miss jungle law soooo damn much! @revinans @mirandaadianti @audydania @FatyaJunissa
I miss Alexis and Molly 
I miss all my cousins  they all have gone to Ambon for vacation. now I'm here by my self. no company.
I miss all my felons  my net shoulda been on, on the 1st but now there's a prob with the lines 
I miss all of my camp friends more than I could ever imagine 
I miss all of my friends 
I miss all time low 
I miss ally,nat,sher,cal,jaz,K,sheri,fel  
i miss american idol and bgtttttt 
I miss Amy and Caoimhe.... 
I miss an old Patrick jacket i had  was my fav... left it back there in india... wondering how do i can get it!
I miss andrea so much&lt;3333 it sucks he phone dosen't work anymore 
I miss Angiii  I miss talking too her  I love you Angiii!
I miss animal planet, crime channel, uktv, discovery, and nat geo . The only smart tv I have is ABC 
I miss anna already and I just left her driveway 
i miss ant + dec already! 
I miss ashley. For some reason things feel weird between us, and i don't like it. 
i miss ateneo! too bad that i have no choice. 
I miss Atlanta weather.  It's back to freezing my a$$ off in the 50s &amp; 60s if we are lucky!
I miss austin 
I miss baby Jack   He is my favourite!!
I miss baby Lambert. 
I miss baby so much!! 
I miss baby. snuggle meee and let me snuggle yewww 
i miss baman and piderman 
I miss band practice!! we havent done it in a while 
i miss baron.  sadness. eating soup
i miss battlestar galactica and kara thrace. 
I miss Bb already 
I miss Beca's house 
i miss becca  how she always was onn 
i miss becca.  say hi to tennessee for me becca..i miss u.. &lt;3
i miss Becky Shaw x10000000 
i miss beeks.. i wont see him again until MONDAY.. which sucks something major  he keeps saying &quot;but we have txts&quot; not the same, big guy!
i miss being able to afford make up 
I miss being able to grill filets when I want one.  
I miss being able to see movies that only open in ny and la. Seriously a lot of great movies don't make it to the flyover states 
I miss being an English major.  PS. Can we have a spelling bee? Those are so fun!
i miss being at home for calving season...sad that black one died this morning  wish i had some bottle calves!
i miss being at school where this was still an acceptable time of night to order food...i want dominos 
I miss being Bali Paper-Garlfrayn.  Good drunkie times.
I miss being high 
I miss being in High School 
I miss being truly happy with my life 
i miss benny already! why is canada so big and far away 
I miss bentley 
I miss bernie mac  4 eva shall he live through our laughter &amp; joy
i miss bilawa, it's our 8th month anniversary today.. and he's away working in the plant somewhere around bogor 
I miss Bill Worrell, Clyde Drexler and Matt Bullard. I even miss Kevin Eschenfelder. It needs to be basketball season already. 
I miss Blaine so much  got to a lvl 8 last night...wow is hard x_x
I miss blogging...  I'm sooo busy with school stuff these days.
i miss Boris Simovic 
I MISS BRANCHES 
i miss brian 
i miss busted  dougie poynter will rule the world!! goin out into newcastle thenight gona be a crease x x
i miss cailin alreadyy!  a whole 5 days! :'(
i miss carlo  i keep thinking i hear his feet scraping along my deck. rip big guy
I miss carrying my son everywhere.  Too hot and to heavy now... #babywearing maybe next cool day I'll take a short stroll with the mei tai
i miss cassieeee 
I miss central standard time 
I miss charle' 
I miss chatting with so many of you. My crappy Internet connection at home and horrible problems with tweetdeck cut into connecting. 
I miss checking my email in bed 
I MISS CHEER 
I miss Cheryl 
I miss Chostwriter! 
I miss chris brown 
I miss christian  and leon and I need to freaking study
i miss christina so much already 
I miss christopher bentley 
I miss cody. 
I miss colbert's hair. 
i miss colin already 
I miss college (even the school part) 
I miss competing 
I miss Corey 
I miss Criselda Marin! 
I miss cuddle bear. 
i miss cuddling w/ B the most w/ going back to work (duh) yesterday it was only for 10 min before bed 
I miss cutting the grass. Nothing like cutting the grass and burning them. There is no smell like the smell of burning grass. 
i miss CV:|  and everyone elseeee. step by step. take time. haha.
I miss da way yazzi did my hair 
I miss Dakota Fanning soo . i wanna check her website to know the news or new photo but i can't 
I miss Dalat a lot  I wanna go there again (
i miss dance 
I miss david  but he's kinda mad at me
i miss david archuleta and cook.. 
i miss dean 
i miss demi  come back to los angeles uu
i miss diego  i hate being stuck at home.
I miss Digimon. I haven't watched it in a little over a year. I wish they'd make a new season. 
I miss Dollhouse! 
i miss dramatics  boo. haha. i miss 4th year  boo. i wanna go to school!
i miss east lansing 
i miss eating crack queso with @PeteIncaviglia, cali bound soon. 
I miss eat'n @ eggs n things this time of nite. Really loved their strawberry syrup. 2bad they closed down 
I miss Edge 
I MISS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL  ha anyway tonight was a BLAST couldn't ask for better friends and fun times xoxo night everyone
I miss ellyza. againnnnnn.  hope you're fine darling. I &lt;3 you.
i miss emilia and jeri 
i miss emiwee  i miss her a lotz
I miss England, Northern Ireland, Ireland, Austria, and yes, even Slovakia! I wanna go back 
I miss epic ONTD post 
I miss Eric 
I miss events.  I wanna go again.
I miss everyone  I wish I could have it both ways.
I miss everyone up in Whitby 
i miss everyone... i need faces  , not witty situational updates, but these will do...
I miss faceboook soooo muchhh  gosh i'm pathetic.
i miss faith lim! and i just went to find her. 
i miss fangirling... very much 
I miss FelipeFace. 
I miss Finland 
I miss FL and the 24 hour stores. Northeast Philly stores close by 12. Lame 
I miss football... I need something to be competitive in 
i miss formal.  best night ever. &lt;3
I miss George already 
I miss George Carlin 
i miss gg and oth 
i miss girls if the playboy mansion 
i miss going live with my friends  @pianofingerz we should go live that we used to again sometime!!
i miss going to shows  in Petoskey getting things for Britt's wedding.
i miss good all friends.  http://plurk.com/p/11hrwn
I miss Gossip Girl.  Chace Crawford. &lt;333
i miss Gui, Dea, Poli, Marko Sans and DIEGO! i wanna go to Brazil soon. 
I miss hanging diapers on a line.  My youngest is 4 so I don't get to use CD's anymore... #clothdiapers
I miss hannah already. 
I miss having a fringe that didn't eat my face. 
i miss having friends that would come to this stuff with me. 
I miss having lunch dates...summer time used to b prime season for taking a 2hr lunch break &amp; catching a matinee 
I miss having squirt gun fights 
i miss having synergy - was almost like dual monitors , now i am just back to one 
I miss hearing from Tom Felton! 
I miss Heath Ledger. 
I miss her ande her kids like crazy i think of them everyday i dont like that they hate me for no reason  i never did anything to them
I miss her too  ......but I DOOOO know one thing....ONE OF THOSE &quot;#KmoDeletedHerTwitterAccountBecause&quot; GOTTA BE TOTD, LOL!!! Im sorry ma!
I miss her, and I want her back.  
I miss him &amp; i'll see him real soon...this isn't a good sign for the summer  bummer I know right?
i miss him already.. oh god I'm pathetic 
I miss him dearly. . 
i miss him so freakin bad right now.i hate this feelin.u knoe the one u get when u want something u cant have.its the worst 
I miss him so much 
i miss him so much  what is going on with him?
i miss him so much! 
i miss him so much!!! badly 
I miss him so muchhh!! I cried the last time.. on my way here... 
I miss him soooo much  not gonna see him for 2-3 months 
I miss him too 
I miss him too  higher standards jus don't want me though . .
i miss him, that was the most important bit of the dream. 
I miss him, too. Gonna be a long 5 days. 
I miss him.  He never showed up.
i miss him.  Hope he's enjoying his trip. on the other hand, super sore right now! volleyball ftw!
I miss him.  Jay you will always be my angel. Love you baby.
I miss him.  Luckily Eph is here to make fun of me if I get too mopey.
I miss him.  Uuugh I'm such a girl. :-p haha
I miss him. Ima miss him even more in a month! 
i miss him... i miss how we were 
I miss his lips,I miss his kiss ...damn I miss **** ,  y is he so far away 
I miss his scent! 
I miss holidays! 2 tests this week! 
i miss hollywood. 
i miss home 
i miss home  i dnt wanna stay at home. I need to sleep (
I miss home! 
I miss home... 
I miss hooters already 
i miss hot chocolait in little collins 
I MISS IDOL sooooooooo much 
I miss Indianapolis  And football season...
I miss internet and a functioning computer. I feel cut off. 
I miss it... 
I miss James  14 Days To Go!!!
i miss jamie.  ohh! and nicole rocks, she's our savior!
I miss Janine Simbe.  I shall go unli soooon.
I miss Jay Leno's monologues &amp; headlines 
i miss jeanine 
i miss jelly bread...  makes me smile!
i miss jess mariano 
I miss Jim, and I wish he were here to snuggle me till I fall asleep. I shall make do with Winnie the Pooh. 
I miss Joel! I wish he was still with me  Getting ready for bed. Goodnight!
i miss jogging with Fiona! 
i miss johnny already 
I miss Jon and the band. 
i miss justin!!! 
i miss justin!!!!! 
I miss Justin. 
I miss Justine 
I miss Kate   #masterchef is still great but I loved her
I miss L.A!!! And I miss my aunt!!!!And Carlos, The Grove, VS, Jambo Juice; Sushi, eeeveeerything!!!!    
i miss LA already...but hey, at least i'm going to a puddle of mud concert tomorrow.... oh wait, that's really lame.  
I miss lake champion so much 
i miss lancey me and him were to run away in to a the woods  i fell like shit i miss my Knight ~*Netslum-Gaychat*~
I miss Las Vegas and San Francisco  will I ever see you again?
I miss late nights with carmen back in Bloomington 
I miss lazy weekends (brunch, movie, bbq, coffee) with BF 
I miss listening to @FFTLAST   24/7... I can't do that since I left home 
I miss listening to Keenan's life story. 
I miss Loma Linda. Even though its only 15 minutes away from the new house 
I miss London.  
I miss long happiness..I wish weekend is never end like used to 
i miss ma ipod fuck u abbie fa taken it  i wan ma babyyyyyyyyyyy
i miss madtv 
I miss MAMA too       ~~~ Why our family?? Why ??
i miss many people in my life 
I miss Marilyn Monroe...even though I was born like 100 years after her time 
i miss marple ten and @woahitsjamiex. 
I miss Mary and Lindsay. 
i miss maryland! 
i miss mcdonalds food already 
I miss megan more tho 
I miss melissa so much 
I miss michael &amp; can't sleep 
I miss mija so much 
i miss mijami when i watch burn notice 
i miss mike a lot. #brotherblues its weird having mom, dad, scottie, justin, and me all in one room without him. 
i miss mike already  ♥
I miss miss miss you already. I am terrible with goodbyes. terrible 
I miss Molly Jones. 
I miss mommy  oh, and aba.
I miss mommy &amp; daddy!!!  http://twitpic.com/4gz71
I miss mommy and daddy!!!  I can't recall a summer where they actually stayed in town.
i miss montecarlo 
I miss Monty  http://yfrog.com/59e25j
I miss Mr. Caradine  (Spelling on that anyone?) I used to watch Kung Foo: The Legend Continues as a kid.
I miss mrs courtney 
I miss music-ing with @cristina_dr. 
I miss my &quot;Bey&quot; so much... 
I miss my &quot;girls.&quot;  (my lovely bovine mamas) Darn if the isn't something beautiful about a pregnant Holstein. Their eyes get so soft.
I miss my @BolaTheBoss!!! 
i miss my @Breathebr 
I miss my @jag35  this beautiful sun is going down. It's cold over here
I miss MY @jayrock...geesh.. He use 2 b my homie use 2 b my ace... 
I miss my @psiam 
I miss my @sebby_peek 
i miss my 1st year highschool days.. 
I miss my 360 
I miss my 8703 
I miss my 8GB USB.. Phkin NBC09 
I miss my 8th grade best friend I'd do anything to have someone that I could talk to anything about I know it sounds stupid but its true 
i miss my 9 to 5 
I miss my Allen 
I miss my amigos. 
I miss my apartment, my roommates,  my friends, the parties,  my crews,my boogery room,  my girlfriend. 
i miss my appendix 
I miss my Atlanta family, they're having so much fun without me 
i miss my auntie she's dead 
i miss my aunty she done alot for me she died six years ago today 
I miss my awesome purple hair. 
i miss my awsome friends!! 
I miss my babayyy &lt;3 
i miss my babe soooooooo much 
I miss my babies!!! A mamma shouldn't be away from her babies at night 
I miss my baby  I wish someone could come take care of me. D:
I miss my baby cat 
I miss my baby Mega sooo much... 
i miss my baby! 
i miss my baby. 
I miss my babyy too!  Hopefully i see em sooon! 
I miss my bandmates 
i miss my bbs so much  its only been 2 days. i feel like a needy little girl
I miss my bec! 
I MISS MY BEST FRIEND  {yes, i'm talking about you xD}
I miss my best friend  damn you, Alaska!
i miss my best friend  his phone is broken... it hurts! lol
I miss my best friend  Hope you feel better soon misty!
I miss my best friend @taytay12321 
i miss my best friend and fiance..  goodnight.
i miss my best friend!   we're one and the same &lt;3
I miss my bestest cousin Tina! (Even tho she's a retard 4 doin the things she's done!) I still love&amp;miss her! I wish I could c her again! 
I miss my Bestie alreadyy 
i miss my bestie sunset  skewl's only been out for 3 days but its like we havent seen each other in forever haha
I miss my better half 
I miss my bf  nuff said
I miss my BFF!!  I wish she came back from Italy!!  BTW: I'm awake toooooo early
I miss my BFF...... 
I miss my bffe  from ky
I miss my birdy quaily baby    hope she's doing ok at home!
I miss my bisounours ! Geraldine i love you so much 
I miss my blog too much  - http://www.katrinadavid.wordpress.com - I need my internet back ASAP!
i miss my boo  goin to call him b4 he goes to wrk..
i miss my boo  i wanna see him already
I miss my boo bear   *L!nd@*&lt;3*Cr@!g*
i miss my boo. 
I miss my boo.   buttt today starts my quest to be healthy ;)
i miss my boo... can't wait to be w/ him... 
I miss my boobah i miss my boobah i miss i miss i miss  what am i doing with my summer? Missing and worrying
I miss my boy  and I'm ready for Sunday to be here.
i miss my boy. 
i miss my boyf, well i hope he will get back soon frm singapre...real soon! and spend some time w/ me 
I miss my boyfriend  And I don't know how long I can wait...this fuckin sucks 
i miss my boyfriend  can't wait to see him tonight
I miss my boyfriend  haven't talk to him today but in school
i miss my boyfriend and someday husband 
I miss my boyfriend sooo much 
i miss my boyfriend terribly   and i want this rain/shitty weather to GO AWAY!
I miss my boyfriend! 
i miss my boyfriend(?) 
I miss my boyfriend, his bed, and his goofiness. Harumph! 
I miss my boyfriend. I hate when he's on call 
I miss my boyfriend... He gets to have all the fun 
I miss my boyfriend... Long distance relationships sucks... 
I miss my boyfriend..... 
I miss my boyfriend..come home 
i miss my boyfriend? oweh 
I miss my boys Ry, Haze and Slaks 
I miss my boys!  
I miss my boyscout boyfriend, Andre.He's camping right now 
i miss my boyyy. 
I miss my boyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy. 
I miss my bro   and once I he gets home he will be moving to Miami in a few weeks   Pro:I will have pl to stay in MIA ;)
I miss my bros @Iceburg2K8 Rigde @LadyCharlie (yeah u 2) Wali everyone is either booed up or away 
I miss my brother and my sister 
i miss my brother and sis n law  not to mention my fast growing niece and nephew. wish i was in cali with them
I miss my brother right now. He's the most and least like me person on the planet. He moved away and I miss his lame unintentional humor 
i miss my brother.  12 more days till he gets bac to tennessee. he said he was singing &quot;find my way bac to tennessee&quot; today. haha.
I miss my brother. I wish he wasn't stationed in Korea. He's still hot a year left. 
I miss my brother... 
I miss my brothuh! 
i miss my brudder to much 
I miss my bubba  xoxo
I miss my bubba @JordanSchultz  but I'm really excited for him!!!
I miss my bubby. 
I miss my cat 
I miss my cat... 
i miss my cell phone 
I miss my Chicago friends. 
i miss my class pretty much 
I miss my classmates. 
i miss my closest friends.  okay, gonna sleep now. Night everyone )
I miss my comp! 
I miss my cousin  slowly starting to like twitter. After all this time...
i miss my cousin LALOU  she now has  baby. i still don't have one. where can i get one? ufffff im tired. xC
I miss my cousin Milo. A whole freaking lot. 
I miss my cousin so much 
i miss my cousins 
i miss my CPMP family and dude 
i miss my crush 
I MISS MY CRUSH CALVIN I AM CRYING    
i miss my custom sounds 
i miss my cutie 
i miss my dad 
I miss my dad  happy fathers day
I MISS MY DAD  makes a whole month of not seein this dude everyday....BEST DAD IN THE WORLD...AHH GONNA SEE HIM SOON THO WOOT http:// ...
I miss my dad a whole lot I really hope Mexico is treating him right 
I miss my dad, I won't see him til july 10th 
I miss my Dad. 
I miss my dad.  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
I miss my dadda 
i miss my daddy very much. 
i miss my daddy. 
I miss my daddy...he's in china 
i miss my daddy...one more month 
I miss my Daisy  ... ugh fuckin bitch
i miss my darling boyfriend. 
I miss my dave 
I miss my dog  r.i.p.Batman... Yeah, Batman (I really hope 'all dogs go to heaven' is true)
@IrishChocoDance oh I finished my mini movie, but it won't work on YouTube, 
@Irishcreamy don't be sad....  Yo'll find new friends...  
@Irishcreamy This morning lang 
@Irishcreamy whyy  Your class is okay naman ehh. HAVE YOU SEEN MINE ?!?! :| )
@IrishDivaJulie  What's wrong JuJu?
@IrishDivaJulie I know. I lost some respect... I just can't look at it the same. 
@irisheyes_1968  Cool video! Blip link was dead.  Always dug Lukas.
@irisheyz77 Ahhhh cool.  I grew up in Andover only left a little over 5 yrs ago.  I miss MA 
@Irisheyz77 They are plaguing everyone! Get rid of one, two more replace it. 
@irishfrtncookie haha thanks, i think this ones a keeper. blahblah i can't sleep lol i woke up at like 2 pm today 
@irishgalest1982 sorry to hear that  x
@IrishGangster23 what happened? Ur phone is off!!! 
@Irishgirl100 I wanna go to see Miley in Dublin, but my mum says no cause it in Dublin, I live in Belfast  *Sighh* :L Have fun  :L x
@irishhitman67 first, no one has to tell you you're amazing, you'll tell all of us. And ewwww for empty stomach workouts. You poor thing. 
@irishjenny hanging in there. My vacation is over &amp; back to work tomorrow. 
@IrishLad585 haha! I usually have them back out the next day.. I don't have a blu-ray burner either 
@IrishLad585 thanks! there will be one used for the @thisisrobthomas iphone application. unfortunately, i don't have an iphone 
@IrishMel21 had to have been yesterday, when Dean &amp; I were watching in Applebee's on Saturday the Sox were still in 1st 
@IrishMel21 I tried mine from Saratoga &amp; Mohegan and it says the code has been used already. 
@irishmel21 Looks like their installing pipe...of course it's directly in front of my driveway.  I'm so annoyed the didn't tell us!
@IrishMel21 re:clowns...that's awful...3x's!!! My God   We just found out a few wks ago that E is afraid of them, 1 came to a bday party
@IrishMel21 re:sleep...that's too bad  I hope ur able to get some good rest soon....sleep deprivation is the worst - I feel for ya
@irishpixie36 ha ha your still rotten !!! Would be a thrill sailing today but I think I would like to stay dry as the sea lumpy as hell 
@irishprincess41 OH NO!! Katie!!!  I am so sorry.  Poor thing. that's awful. 
@irishsamom good I guess, but not good enough to go home 
@irisrobert YIKES...you lost 
@irisvarsi Why would you wake up in hospital ? 
@Irizaurus Definitly to many bakeries, I think I got fatter. 
@Irize I can't watching da puppy still 
@IRLittlest THEY ARE SO SO SO COMFY. And people do not make comfy shoes any more 
@IRLittlest True, it stole my brother four years ago  Hasn't given him back. Damn place.
@Irma18 nope not okay, after these tweets. I cried a bit 
@IrmaG I've tweeted you 3 times during the week - but no reply   unless you check your @irmag, you don't see them...
@IrmaG Making you panic or stalking you? Um, I don't think that's such a good thing! 
@irmetalhead Not exactly a milestone unless its at 10,000 but Im nothing like Ashton 
@irmurphy27 i get mine today as well. but i wont be able to cash it till tommarow 
@IRNikki I couldn't help it. I don't drink that much. 
@IRNRYN I would, but just got Prototype and gonna give it a whirl. 
@IRobots Thanks lady! But we are so harmless and non-intimidating. It's funny he was too nervous. He kept walking up and then away! 
@iroccwilliams im not a hater... &amp; you could of ichat me.. but you forgot about me... Justin doesnt love me anymore..  so :-/
@iRock_88 I Dont mind different. Im a music head.  But i just hope it moves me.  Music is not moving me lately.  
@iRockaBerry @brentoli He's just saying that cuz he wants to shoot me 
@iRockaBerry we will have 99 on friday 
@irockCapo lmal..awww and i just ate some pizza..u should have called her then me and we chould have talked like the old days 
@irockyoubiatch uhm..I still cant figure it out..*slow* 
@ironfinger That's horrible  How could human treat whales like this 
@IronJack35  Hope you feel better soon.
@ironmanj AM texted me. Not a good race for him then 
@ironmanj rather badly  Mitten + heat = disaster! 4.38. Hey-ho. But the thought of doing it after an IM..........
@iroveb daram say mikonam biam yahoo web messenger. bebinam chi mishe.. gtalk ham nadaram  . ok age nashod mizangam
@iRoxiK  ha that's funny!! I wish i had a brother to do that to 
@irrationallogic Awww. I was excited to know if they had the books I want. 
@irrationallogic Soon I'll have to sing to stay awake and my roommate really won't appreciate that. 
@irrationallogic Who ba is hogging all the cream? LOL. I think most people's dishes are cream-based. 
@irregularshed But it was even better b4 it was taken off the 1st time. 
@irrum *smishes*  Hee. DUDE. You HAVE to when you can, k? I want next season nooooow  lol
@irtimaled no picture but sound.... no red lights 
@irvingjohn It's a super surprise special thing. But he's 20 mins late... maybe I'm not hanging with anyone today 
@is_gaga Waddup nutter how cm u neva turned up on Sturday 
@is_selene I don't want you to have to wait  I wish that I could let you see him rite nao babe. But he would get pissed if I woke him up
@is_selene: Awww, I miss you dear!!!  ilysmmmmmmm!!! &lt;3
@is_selene: Awwww, no!!!!   what tweet(s) didn't you see??!!
@is_selene: is 'nothing' happening a bad thing? And omg, I know!!!  I wish I could hang out w/you too!! :/ I want you to come back...
@is_selene: mine looked like that  You're breathtaking..
@is_selene: oh god, you have no idea..how much I fucking miss you!!! 
@Isa_Buttercup Hell yeah. Shame they're not doing the tour suits sponsor this year 
@isaaaa no in the irv. people wang'ed people chung'ed. it was great. no dip though 
@isaaaa then the clouds will bring rain again 
@isaacboy aw man that sucks, apparently its worse when you get older!  X
@isaacjohnson @joshdamigo have a great show tonight! Wish I could be there. But I have to work tonight. 
@isaacxv  
@ISAbayaoa I want to play beerpong! 
@isabeaumiller I miss that feeling 
@isabelafreitas muuuuchas saudades thunder :/ you don't have time for me anymore 
@isabelagoncillo .. have you seen this? http://bit.ly/11603E  +Our training is starting na. 
@isabelkate  don't give up!!
@IsabellaAirao oooooooow thats an amazing idea. i hope your mom can trust mine  it would be fantastic if you could come *-*
@isabellagermek dont have any 
@isabellagermek oh  you didnt miss me??
@IsabellaSalas lol i'm still not even closeee to figuring this out  ahhh i want help! lol
@IsabellaSky That's because you're in all the wrong places! Yeah, we have to hang out soon.  IMY already.
@IsabellaSnow thx for the updates.... it's a bad situation there 
@IsabellaSnow Unfortunately not by the look of it...  I'll keep looking for you. If you find something, let me know.
@isabelledomingo @mikeemarabut, same. 
@isabelmariah no my flight isn't coming in til 6am! 
@IsaBirnie Sorry to hear that Isa. It's no fun at all. 
@isabologna @xMuffinTop i was so sad when the asian kid got knocked out 
@isacullen  sometimes I hate my life. Us decent fans don't meet him yet them fish girls do. Green eyed monster? Lol
@isacullen aww i thought you were talking about a mole. 
@isacullen harvey has let him self go nowadays  and its too weird to believe sabrina has 2 kids in real life now
@isacullen I'm not - cuddles with Ben and Nate are very good at de-stressing me. Just hurting on behalf of Robert really 
@isacullen me no know  booo. i've saved the link to your photobucket, shall try again tomrrow!
@isacullen No, I never watch pap videos, especially not videos like that one. Seeing the pics alone was enough. I can imagine the rest. 
@isacullen nooooo. -hides- i kinda... -cough- forgot. 
@isacullen Not Aiden? 
@isacullen so now i have to go back tomorrow. to do a crap 4 hour shift. on a day i thought i had off. 
@IsadoraR I DID . WTF !  there is someone named chris brown on the news :S lol! ahahah ! cool kid edit those photos ! p.s.i know, silly HA
@IsadoraR i'm watching it too ! GMTA . but yes yes watch GG tonight , and p dot es im not happy read fbook msg  / :@
@IsadoraR yeah its crazy ! and yeah i know eff our lives . this cannot be happening. detroit had many chances ! C'MON. 
@Isads would love some! @jorosep Yay, I'm stalking u too! lol. Gotta go  Im taking the kids to see their greatgrandparents. Twi later? xxx
@IsaGoksu still no luck with exchange mail  I have tried all: lower/uppercase, full email, username - all. I think it is our exchange srv
@IsaGT make sure you camp on a hill, not at the bottom of one, its going to be a very rainy one apparently 
@IsaiahGarnica Seriously? Having a party or something? Wish I could come 
@isaimperial AHH, I'm too in love with the two of them. 
@isaimperial AWW.  we're never going to be classmates na. 8-|
@isaimperial You're not green yet! 
@Isak there were literally hundreds of people milling around. and 2 be honest, I don't remember anyone that made an impression 
@isaksson_joe got jemputan over thr. duno who also. leaving on 29th's night. i don't wanna go cuz so leceh. 
@isalou Any pics of said absent sideburns?  
@iSamiam Me too 
@isanaka it's super scary 
@isangkampana lucky for you guys 
@Isapersefone Maybe maybe.. I want ice cream.. 
@isaponturo haha yeah right.. 
@isasmama I don't know! but I don't like your tone and I don't think I want to talk about it anymore 
@isavedlatin89 and @hopeudance88 are both gone now 
@iSavvy10 i'm sorry i didn't get a chance to 
@isawthelight I applaud your #singleminded zeal. In the face of all evidence to the contary. Pity you never listened to me last night. 
@iscreamforlove im having another bad day 
@iseesparksfly Ugh I KNOW! We could freak out during the New Moon trailer! 
@isfullofcrap No, stuff that, I want CrossXEdge! &lt;Why yes, I'm a fan of Ar Tonelico and Disgaea.  &gt;
@Isha_5505 no, I didn't get my mark  I litterally checked my email every 10 minutes though! Hahahhah can't wait to see those sexy pants
@Isha_5505 yo, my math mark was incredible tingz, I fricking love nipple pants. And anthro is worth 20% I haven't studied too much yet 
@ishadevera OH MY GOD. i forgot about the game!. 
@ishaka pretty good.. finally healthy, was sick last week  thanks for the avantar compliment- it was time to grow up.
@ishamay ohh yeah.. i really dunno. sorry i can't help u on this. 
@ishamay ohh, it was posted there. hmm, i don't get it..  i hope that it would be same as mine. June 16.  i'm sad for you girl. :|
@ishaNikki loooks fuk bombz, I have trhe muchiens  fuuhhhhhhhhhhhh iwtffff
@ishbel did you bring yer moms cell phone? I keep trying to call it but it goes straight to the answer machine, so i guess not.. 
@isheepthings We should all clean out the bank 
@ishforpresident  hope we're not going blind or anythng crazy like that
@Ishikyu haha awesome. i need to finish history ext first then i can start on eng ext. 
@ishmaeltherebel  They can't even keep Wilshire Blvd paved  
@Ishme3t With the hair I go out in public with, I cud really invest in some good wigs  Everyday for me is a bad hair day. Thanks mucho! 
@ishortman Yea, that'd be useful. Any time I pass 100 unread tweets I have to go to the website instead and find my place 
@ishra Compass is what I need  Then again, I'm wondering, why not get an Android? Did you try that one? I liked what I saw. Very much 
@isiah58 i am taking a study break...studying is HARD especially when u dont kno wat u doin 
@Isil_Loves_Mcr Artık twitterın da tadı kaçtı Gee yok Mikey yok  ot gibi kaldık
@Isil_Loves_Mcr isiiiiil, where have you been? i didnt see you on here yesterday . i miss you  . how are you today?? XD
@Isil_Loves_Mcr Well I guess they can't follow some fans and not others... it would be unfair 
@isilwath sad that hot tub isn't working 
@iSinclair  YOU'RE MEAN.
@iSipsizzy that's not good babe  me &amp; sexyliah hungry NOW lol
@Isis_Nocturne You shouldn't have to push aside a memory like that. Shouldn't have one to begin with! 
@Isis1948 I hear ya! Cleaned all yesterday and today is laundry....UGH!! Laundry never ends!  
@IsisPhotography meeting Lori &amp; Mimmo for coffee. thats about it. Our day was canceled because of rain 
@isittheshoes this game sucks....  but gooo Lakers!!
@isitvogue So I guess you miss the concert  Good set list. Too much bass. Couldn't hear the vocals very well. Ladytron was pretty good tho
@isjoin Yes i go sleep now! Good Night! Sweet Dreams!  
@IskaNekonome I'm not about on Tuesdays- childline 
@iSkininc You never grabbed my info for the gift 
@IslaLuna lol, well I've done that a few times myself. But today it's oatmeal. I do TRY to be good, but it never works out.  No willpower!
@Islandfire  wish I could party it up with you guys! 
@IslandGalDrea hates me 
@IslandGirl3572 Getting ready to call them.  Just checking with other people to see if it's just me.  
@islapyou yeah... agreed it seriously sucks to be an intern in that case 
@IslayIT What have you done to the car now ??? 
@isleschick Thanks for the info, but it looks like my day will be Mets-less   Oh well, next time!  Chat later.
@islesrebelangel   stretch your neck, too!
@islesrebelangel aww your daddy's gonna miss you!  
@islesrebelangel we really miss him here a lot.  i was so sad when they bought out his contract 
@ISmackYourAss I know now I can't read ur storys 
@ismaelburciaga bro, u haven't answered my question I left u on FB.  so that means i'm still crying on the insdie.
@isntit interesting idea, tried it and it was going great until i wrapped the tv remote... unable to change tv channels + crappy tv = 
@IsoBan ... i hate it so much. 
@IsobelWren No I've taken just about everything else though. Damn bronchitis. 
@isoulq8 afaa 
@isoulq8 Maybe garaha thakar mo theker! 7aram 
@iSpartan24 idk LOL he did the same to me I'm not going to bed yet LOL but my iPod is going dead 
@ispeed72 I hear ya! 
@isPunk what's funnier is it looked like a friend of mine! I wanted to stop to get a better look but i was going like....65mph 
@ispyalexa titty squishies?  miss youu.
@ispybeauty philly was soooo fun. im trying to come to sea isle asap. im working alot the next two weeks tho b/c alot of peole asked off 
@iSpyLevis .. stay in Syd 
@iSpyLevis can't tomorrow... Myself and @hauntingxealot leave town early morning 
I better get a lot of grad $$ from relatives because I went to the bank and have about HALF of what I thought I did. Stress 
I better get a quick start on that online driving class. Before the city of Detroit makes me pay up for those tickets. 
I better get ready for work... even if I try to deny that I have to go in today I have to. 
i better not. With my luck it wouldn't make him sleepy and he'd just be a surly drunken tot. 
I bit my tongue so hard it woke me up! Owwww 
I bit my tounge  ouch
i bit when I bit yesterday and it bled some more 
i blame james with his tony´s talk 
I blew it, I blew it now I have to pay for it  dang I feel awful.
I blew out my flipflop 
I blocked this guy, and hes so desprate to be mean to me he made a new account!  I feel really rubbish now
I bloody hate it when u get up 4 an early train and you find out it's cancelled... Then to make matters worst the next train is packed! 
i bloody hate rainy weather 
I blow dried my shoes using the hand drier in the bathroom, but theyre wet again 
i bought a kinder egg yesterday and the toy was a little plastic cat.. WTF! i didnt even get to build it! building its the fun part 
I bought a new faux bacon because my Morningstar bacon has been absent from shelves for a while  It better be good!
I bought a pack of cigs yesterday. Half the pack is gone. 
I bought a pair of shoes online from a &quot;discount&quot; store...there are 2 different sizes! They tell me they don't take returns! Uggg!  DOH!
I bought a shit load of comics a few weeks ago and I can't find where I put them.   I had my new ASM issues in that stack.
I bought a summer skirt to wear for work yesterday. Now it's gone cold. The weather change must be my fault 
I bought atty a coach collar and I almost got princess one but she's too small.  I miss you.
I bought my dog a nylabone, and she's literally eating it 
I bought some castle-making buckets + I have three days off... I want beach.. 
I bought something on ebay, paid quite a lot and seller won't send me item until money goes into bank...what's that take? 21 days? Help 
I bought the Ghostbusters Blu Ray today, a timeless classic, my mother still has to ask &quot;what's your age again?&quot; 
I bought the Ghostbusters game but it's too buggy to play very far. 
I bought the wrong ice cream... 
I bought two tops and a scarf yesterday...sister has successfully hijacked them this morning to wear to breakfast (after removing tags) 
i bowled like a 63  ha but i successfully pulled of some crazy tricks.
i briefly had a follower but she left me - now i feel so alone 
I broke a child today!!   Been holding in the tears but its all gonna out sometime soon now that the party is over!!
i broke a nail 
i broke another axe    Am knackered from chopping with a log splitter.
I broke it...at the elbow 
I broke m.twitter.com too  http://twitpic.com/2ycz0
I broke my broken chair again. That's mean i have to buy a new one this weekend. 
I broke my caaaar 
I broke my earphones. 
I broke my guitar  soo bummed. Buying a new one as we speak. damn i loved that old thing..
I broke my husband by being sick after the pregnancy  I broke our lives
i broke my iPhone  *sob*
I broke my iPhone  it was perfect and I dropped it on the sidewalk. #FML
i broke my mobile charger last night 
i broke my phone     
I broke my phone  I can text but not call! Why oh why!? But I did save money with Geico! 
i broke my phone! its only a week old aswell! 
I broke my prized possession today!! Not good at all 
I broke my range Rover 
I broke my tailbone when I was about 12.. and it randomly started hurting yesterday and still is. tylenol and an ice bag isn't helping 
I broke my website 
I BROKE MY WRIST ON TUES..... this sucks..i cant do anything 4 6 weeks uuugggghhhhhhhhh   
i broke one of my black bracelets 
I broke the glass on the sliding glass door.  Life kinda sucks sometimes...
I broke the laptop and I can't go tommorrow, wow tommorrow's going to be a good day ecspeacially when they find out about the laptop 
I broke the mirror...  Is it a bad sing?
I broke the shed and my mum hit me. Wasnt my fault i fell on it and the ledge that holds the glass in was rotten through 
I broke the vibrate on my fone. 
I brought dark chocolate Digestives rather than milk chocolate  Still eating them though!
i built a pc with an aluminum case for work... now my refrigerator magnets wont stick anymore - bummer 
i bumped my head 
I burned my entire hand with the curling iron 
i burned my finger in hot water cleaning the kitchen 
i burned my finger.  i didnt know steam was that hot.
I burned my forehead with my curling iron 
I burned my hand in the same spot two days in a row 
I burned my hand so haaaard today when i was makin a pizza :/ aui 
i burned my toast!  lol
i burned my tounge on my hot chocolate. 
i burned myself for the first time ever (besides sunburn) today   ow!
i burned myself with the straightener on the underside of my forearm... how that happens beats me. it hurts and is red 
i burned the roof of my mouth 
I burned the roof of my mouth on my dinner last night 
I burned the roof of my mouth.  Ouch.
I burnt a hole on one of my tops. Blowdrying a wet spot: not a good idea. 
i burnt my bagel bites and i burnt my tounge OUCH! 
I burnt my dinner  ... To a crisp.
i burnt my ear on my straighteners  *cries*
I burnt my fingers 
I burnt my fingers  Today is stupid, I want to go to bed.
i burnt my foot with the straightener. 
I burnt my hand  on like boiling water so I'm doing it bear grylls style and made my own icepack  ouchie
i burnt my hand on soup today at work ... fail 
I burnt my lip on a spoon that was sitting in hot marinade. 
i burnt my right index finger and  now i cant write more of my book tonight 
I burnt my roast carrots  hitting the blues antidote, Superbad!
i burnt my tongue 
i burnt my tongue. 
I burnt my tounge and tounge ring on hot soup. Ouchie! 
I burnt my tounge with hot chocolate yesterday.  i bet your wondering what i was doing drinking a hot drink in this frekin' weather.
I burnt the roof off my mouth with mashed potato earlier....i now have a big blister there. Whats best...Bonjela or something..ouch!! 
I buy some soda and put them in the hotel frig only to wake up the next day to a luke warm pepsi one. I was suppose to know to turn it up 
i c all these high rollers w/fancy clothes&amp;phones.want that 2 but cant have it if i want good grades  oh wait til i get my nursing license
i c u cant please anybody these days 
I c@n feel the PRESSURE...iT's gett!ng cl0ser n0w.... 
I caaaaan't sleep.....it's 3.30am! wahhhh... i wanna cry 
i call my tend to call my neighborhood mexico cause we're all mexican but they dont move the million trucks &amp; take my spots  @ruDyArr
I call white castle burgers Belly Bombs----so yummy but 15 mins later my stomach is aching!!! Might be that I just threw up 10 of them 
I called my mom &amp; said happy mothers day(: &amp; all she said was &quot; okay, go to sleep&quot; 
I called out sick today, hope I don't get fired 
I called to the house of my aunt 2 times, it  had to &quot;go&quot; but nothing... They do not answer! 
I called... But no answer  but then answer... But no time! Aaahhhhhhh LOL
I came down to SE to get emily some authenic soy sauce chicken only I find that the restsraunt defaulted on it's lease and is closed. 
I came home because my dad wanted me to wash fruits? I should've stayed out 
i came home early from school didn't feel well 
I came home from my trip with great contacts, great books, horrible jet lag and an enduring stomach flu. Oh no! 
I came home to find that all of my newly planted flowers looked as if they were shredded to bits  Stupid hail.
I came in 2nd in a &quot;Basement Games&quot; Tourney.  Now I feel ill 
I came in to work 2 hours late and it still feels like I've been here all day. 
I came second in 2 games of squares today... Always a bridesmaid 
I came third !   http://twitpic.com/7yjpn
I came to meet tesha, took a shot, got my car towed, luckily a friend saw it  , went n got it and I'm back at the bar already
i can already feel it. im getting sick and my asthma is kicking in  fucking ayeee. whatever off to go sleep.
I can already tell this is gonna be a busy Friday...and its gonna be a yucky,rainy weekend 
I can always feel good after a workout but I can always feel like crying after he gets mad at me 
i can at least comment on that, can't i? 
I can barely see out my windshield. Thanks, turnpike birds. 
I can barely wait for the debut of New Moon. Oh God...missing 155 days... 
I can barely wait for the première of New Moon. Oh God...missing 155 days... 
I can barely walk... 
i can be a people pleaser at times....leavin me out of the equation 
I can be halfway to my destination before it pops up &quot;I know where you are. You should have turned right 2 miles back! Hahaha&quot; 
I can feel it... I'm not gon have a good day. I bet my allergies will kick in soon ugh. Thas what's gon get me today, allergies man. 
I can feel my eyelids getting heavier 
i can feel my heart shattering....i need him back... 
i can feel the pill still stuck in my throat 
i can feel the stitches in my mouth - yucky 
I can finally feel the baby.  He kicked me all night.  Michael couldn't feel it yet  
I can finally get on Twitter again....For some reason I haven't been able to access it for weeks... 
I can finally sleep late..why am I awake from 8 am?? 
I can find my cell and I Just found out that jennifers riding With me To willy tm! Now I can't go shoping 
I can fix that ..... But i cant anymore can i? ... 
I can has Cheezburger cat died yesterday....  .... Here's the link http://bit.ly/kFoP7
i can has cleaning lady? i no want to clean house 
I can has migraine? 
I can has tweets? I overtweeted &amp; Twitter kicked me out for end of #savotes. 
I can haz phone! Crap! Now I'm &quot;reachable&quot;  Yes, that's my #. http://twitpic.com/7pkap
I can hear puppy yelps along the hallway on our floor. I miss Snoopy 
i can hear Rafa crying in the other room.  &quot;i don`t want school to start!!!&quot;
I can just see the &quot;Growing Up Gosselin&quot; books coming our way in a couple decades -- eight different versions of the same sad story.  
I can just walk away. . . .but the hard part is knowing you wont follow when I do 
I can neither be in Rent: School Edition OR Thoroughly Modern Millie! 
I can never make anyone happy anymore it seems 
I can never really do the things I wanna do. Because of $. 
I can never sleep  (especially when your on my mind)
i can never sleep in anymore  oh well, its summer now so i have 2 months to practice 
I can no longer wear my chanel it grosses me out. 
I can NOT believe I've now seen OvO 4 times!!! 1 week, and I'll be in Memphis! ??? to Vegas 
I can not believe, this is too boring 
I can not call or message friends mandar friends have no signal on my cell phone 
i can not concentrate at all 
i can not find my friend here on twitter she has acount or page ahhhhhhhh     :|           
I can NOT get sick for graduation. No way no how. This is NOT happening!!!! 
I can not get the pictures I want! Partly the camera is smarter than me. Also, there is nowhere to stop 
I can not log into my facebook anymore 
I can not sleep 
i can not stand this any more, i can not watch my people killed like this, i can not   somebody help im cryingg #Iranelection
i can not stop listening to of machines.  as good as it is, it doesnt even come close to them live 
i can NOT wait til i get my braces off! which is, oh yeah, like in a year!! 
i can not wrelly good English 
i can pass. i have to if i want that blackberry! its not 7:09.. i should start getting readddy  GAH
I can promise that by the time that we get through, the world would never ever be the same ? *@Ksero abrazo 
I can remember as a kid that doctors took a decade to pay off medical school loans now it's taking that long for a 4 year degree! 
i can remember cuz i´m learning something so boring 
I can see the sun shine, the breeze and the people enjoying them, but I feel none of them inside the office...  
I can see the sun!! Too bad Heels and Hills half marathon got this morning canceled, due to bad weather 
i can see your interview but not hear it 
I can sleep. Those dreams again. how pathetic, doesnt want to face those dreams again 
I can smell BBQ + I'm inside working = not fair 
i can smell food...but i cant taste any.....it smells so good too  should be ready soon. if not, cry :'(
i can smell his perfume in my room as if he was here right beside me... 
i can smell people grilling hot dogs outside. 
I can so go to bed for an other hour but can't sleep n I'm so tired 
I can still remember the original Trident gum ads   Beyonce &amp; Trident Gum Concert: http://cli.gs/NYde1y article: http://cli.gs/WtD5mQ
I can tell this days going to fucking suck yay... 
i can text again... plan rolled over...stupid att gives you less texts than sprint and verizon. 
i can text on my phone but thats it, no myspace, no twitter, no emails etc. shitt suckssss     F you Tmobile!
I can`t believe he won`t be there on graduation day. 
I Can`t do 30 minutes of Treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already, gonna do 20 minutes more
i can`t fit into my jeans, jeans that i bought last september 
i can`t move my right leg properly 
I can`t see the updates from May 29-31 so I can`t reply to everybody 
I can`t stand this!!!Just saw the last episode of 3rd series of Supernatural  Poor Dean ...  have to watch 4th series on english soon!
i can´t twitter on mobile phone yet 
I cancelled going to Moulin Blues tonight. I hurt my back 
I cancelled my liteneasy delivery by phone, then got charged anyway. A week later they haven't responded to my email asking for a refund. 
i canlt believe the weekend is over! why did it have to go so fast?  come back recitals!
I cannot actually face spending the day doing maths revision 
i cannot be awake so early on a saturday!  off to do some shopping. xx
I cannot be bothered with marking today.... but I have to get some done as next 2 days are too busy to mark.  Damn. Damn. Damn. 
I cannot believe I am up @ 4am even though I took an Ambien.  I just can't sleep. 
I cannot believe I fucked up making the rice. 
i cannot believe i locked my keys in the car AGAIN      btw, a hanger doesn't work...
I cannot believe its only 11am! Ugh! At least I have the day off 2mrw. Bad news is I have to spend it with my mother doing wedding stuff 
I cannot believe nadal will not defend his wimbeldon title 
i cannot believe there is no pie left in the house. 
I canNOT beLIEVE they threw me in the pool AS SOON as I got here 
i CANNOT decide on a ring. does anyone know of jewelers similar to cathy waterman but 1,000 times cheaper?? 
I cannot do any videos today. My face is so broken out I need it to clear up before I put makeup on again 
i cannot eat runnerbeans since finding little slugs and their eggs in 3 separate packets. i really want to tho. 
i cannot fall asleep 
i cannot find any research proposals. 
I cannot find anything for PW 
I CANNOT FIND LESLEY ARFIN'S BOOK ANYWHERE. 
i cannot find my windows laptop! 
I cannot find the correct lyrics to the song Cassie anywhere! It's making me mad. 
I cannot get &quot;banana pancakes&quot; out of my head! It's making me hungry. 
i cannot get the internet to work.. 
I cannot justify 30$ on a new book 
I CANNOT LIVE IN THIS BASEMENT ALL SUMMER SOMEONE SAVE MEEEEEEE 
I cannot make this phone call 
I cannot open my YM!  WTF.
i cannot play piano in front of people for nuts. 
I cannot receive text messages on my phone anymore 
i cannot see my pic  mind u thats not a bad thing!!
i cannot seem to commit to twitter daily 
I cannot sleep and I miss my hubby.  
I cannot sleep at all and it's making me frustrated 
I cannot sleep don't know whts wrong with me 
i cannot sleep for anything right now. slept from 9:30-10, 10:45-2:20, then until 2:35, then until 4. time is going by so slowly 
i cannot sleep... i have a Dr's appt I have to at by 7am and I'm watching 50 greatest emotional sports moments and tearing up. 
I cannot spell. I rely on spell chek-my Mom corrects the spelling errors on my grocery list. She says that it will hold you back in life 
I cannot stop vomiting. This is getting painful.  &amp; it's not from drinking. Stomach bug fer shizzle   
I cannot understand AP, GP at all 
I cannot upload my BG for some reason. 
i cannot upload profile pic! whywhy! 
i cannot wait for a @Theghostof1000 show! i can only make one date on the july tour 
i cannot wait unitl this week is over .. man chemistry, biology and eng in one weekk .. its not the greatest thing 
I cannot watch anthink on my pc, sound card is well and truly fucked 
I can't  you're far away! And I don't have gas. And I work from 10 to 6. I am sending you my love and I hope stupid doctors find out w ...
i can't add my photo... 
I can't afford this.  If the fracture is above the elbow, she needs surgery. What do I do?
i cant any more i hope they will be happy thats it ...   ( crying)
I can't ask people to install FP10 to see our ads, can I? Nah... 
I can't asleep...why?!?!?! 
I can't be arsed to go to college this morning, and i have lost my cardigan  i love that cardigan, i need to look for it
I can't be bothered for look book. Still not feeling better 
I can't be bothered learning about the atoms of vinegar! Right better start gettin nerdy for my chemistry exam tommorow 
i can't be bothered with anything anymore 
i cant be monday already 
I cant beileve they beat us! 
I can't beleive I can't fall asleep! 
I can't beleive i only have 8 followers. What a shame!  
I cant beleive my phone is broken. i guess im going to alltel after a few more hours of sleep 
i cant beleive that it is the end of half term already!!  dnt wanna go back 2 school + exams!    xxxx
i cant beliave school is over!   its soo sad! i mean, i hate school but im gonna miss everyone sooo much! =(
I can't believe @bmdakin &quot;The Bear&quot; is gone! The end of an era 
I can't believe Broken Social Scene played 4 blocks away from my apartment today and i missed it. 
I can't believe class isn't over yet! whaddafuck! 
I can't believe David Carradine died  http://bit.ly/9Z3jT  R.I.P. Kung Fu Legend
I can't believe DC Comics killed Bruce Wayne!!! 
I can't believe Detroit lost  series is now tied. If they lose it I will actually cry. Well I won't, but you know...
I cant believe he forgot! 
i cant believe he's not going to bernal 
i cant believe how bored i am................ ppl arent gettin sick anymore...thas good n bad 
I can't believe how busy I've been... Didn't even have time to goof off and read Twitter... 
I can't believe how drun k I am. I'm so upset I ripped my favorite shirt 
I can't believe how fast this week has gone by 
I can't believe how much of a good daughter I was this week while they were gone. That just goes to show I'm getting old 
I can't believe how quickly time has gone. 
I can't believe how tired I am right now... I don't know if I can go out tonight...   Exhaaaausted!!
I can't believe i accidentally sent you guys that text..oh god..now i feel bad!  i got typing too fast to forward to my email to save..
i cant believe i am falling asleep when there is sooo much noise and kids running everywhere. i see demons 
i can't believe i am WORKING on such a beautiful day 
I cant believe i blew off that cute guy and his friend who were selling us concert tickets  FML
I can't believe I can be locked out of my word doc when I DISTINCTLY remember the password!!! 
I can't believe I did that!   
I can't believe I forgot my magazines at home...I had stuff do with those books today 
I can't believe I forgot my mobile today 
I CAN'T BELIEVE I FORGOT TO WATCH CONAN LAST NIGHTTTTTTT!!!!!!! I WAS SO EXCITED TOO  
i can't believe i forgot your birthday, fml. 
i cant believe i got sunburned again!!   i even put sunscreen on this time
i cant believe i have 25 days to get out of my house 
I cant believe I have 3 interviews lined up - I am NOT ready to get back to work 
i can't believe i have no usable AAA batteries right now 
I can't believe I have to miss Cobra Starship on that Alexa Chung show 
I can't BELIEVE I have to miss the MTV Movie awards because we don't have cable yet! I'm dying here! That's like my life. 
I can't believe I have to wear this bloody lime green rowntrees t-shirt. Ahhhhhh  evil wh smiths.
i cant believe i have to work on Sundays man, this is blasphemous !!!! 
I can't believe I haven't gone shopping yet OMG been dying to go shopping 
I can't believe I just watched the last ep of Prison Break. Sadness 
I can't believe I lost my camera in Nicaragua!!!  Now I have no photos of my trip FML 
I can't believe i lost my charger 
i cant believe i lost my seaworld id!!!!!!! 
i can't believe i miss @IamSpectacular freak hour and i heard he was calling people aww man  i'm sad now i just wanna cry
i can't believe i miss the view today 
I can't believe I missed Karen O at the Riff Raff this week 
i cant believe i missed rove for revision  also novak lost  wtf
i cant believe i missed the @oaklandAs trivia...giambi is my fave player 
I can't believe I missed the delivery of my computer!!! Now I can't play my sims 3 till tmrow.. UGH  not a good start to my day..
i can't believe i missed the youtube &quot;meet up &quot; thing to go to the kelvin grove art gallery to see the doctor who exhibition 
I can't believe I only have 1 mandarin Hi-C left!  I hate when I take my Hi-C for granted 
I can't believe I slept so late. I've a hair appointment at 10 and loads to do before then 
I can't believe I spent all day working.  To be honest I'm kind of glad the day is over with. Weekends...
I can't believe I still have 6 more hours of work left.   
I can't believe I still havent seen a single episode of JONAS 
I can't believe I thought I had a morning shift today and told Alex that I could take him to the airport.  His flight is during my shift! 
I can't believe I was in the house all weekend. This is abnormal. 
I can't believe I'm actually at the IKEA midnight madness sale  ugh
i can't believe i'm going to miss this tonight!   http://is.gd/w2Es somebody better have it on youtube fast!
I can't believe I'm graduating tomorrow. 
I can't believe I'm in a Filipino Philo class  How am I going to survive?
I can't believe I'm in mcdonalds with a salad...I want some fries now 
I can't believe I'm missing my baby sister's 18th birthday tomorrow.... 
I can't believe I'm missing the PF interview on Kiss108 right now  No signal in Rochester.
I cant believe i'm missing this. 
I cant believe im not seein miranda today. Its really hitting me hard now! 
i cant believe im not sunburnt 
I can't believe I'm sick  http://plurk.com/p/uiczt
I can't believe I'm spending my Saturday watching Aladin. I'm so weird 
I can't believe I'm stuck in a hotel on a saturday night... watching the f'n history channel... I've become my father 
I can't believe I'm stuck in the bank on this beautiful day! 
I can't believe I'm this bored on a friday night.. booooooooo me! 
I can't believe I'm watching Bones 
i can't believe in vacation i have HW!!! this is soooo unfair! totally 
I can't believe it ... it sucks 
I can't believe it! I feel so sad. RIP Br. Ceci. I just can't stop crying... I'm gonna make a dedication page for him. 
I can't believe it. Brother Ceci, it can't be true 
i can't believe it...Nadal lost 
I can't believe it's 10pm. It's been such a good day but now it's over, and I have a migraine coming  Had this stinking head for a week.
I can't believe it's 7pm already! Had such a good day. Anyone know how to cope without a mobile? I obv. work too far away to give it up 
I can't believe it's fucking working! First try, too! My new computer looks so fucking sweet. Too bad I'm failing the exam tomorrow. 
I cant believe its Lenos last night 
I can't believe it's light outside already! Blooming heck. Also thanks to drum and bass saving the night, but shame on DJ Uberfail. 
I can't believe it's only Saturday. It feels like Sunday 
I can't believe it's snowing... Oh wait it's Calgary. yes I can. 
I cant Believe its soo sunny and no-one is there to tlk to me orr anythinng ... I ammm soo boredd its unbelievable  
I can't believe it's Sunday already. I don't wanna go back to work.  Blah.. at least we have all day today. Desperate Housewives is new
I can't believe I've gotta work at 1 a.m! 
i can't believe izzie is really going to die... 
i can't believe jake's graduating tomorrow.  what am i gonna do w/ both of my brothers gone?! 
I can't believe Jereme Rogers is retiring.  How do you retire from skateboarding??
I can't believe Kristin Cavallari is taking over for Lauren Conrad on The Hills. 
I can't believe Leslie will die! That's so unfair, I don't think I can watch it  kids movies are nos supposed to be sad
I can't believe Malawi overturned their &quot;laws&quot; for Madonna's adoption.  Welcome to a life of Kaballah-bashing, Mercy 
i cant believe middle school is officially over  so sad im gonna miss julie and everyone who is going somewhere else besides Foothill sad!
i can't believe my baby left me today!!! this is going to be a verry long weekend  and im not too happy about it.. missing him already
I cant believe my babys are gone for 5days! Voy a tratar de dormir algo...i miss them already 
I can't believe my californian adventure is nearing its end. 
I can't believe my pediatrician said my legs were fat because it's not like everyone else says I'm too fat to dance anyway  GRR
i cant believe my ringtone buddy left myspace 
i can't believe my sister turns 13 today... I am sad  My little girlie is growing up 
I cant believe my skin is breaking out here  i shall hunt for a new toner and cleanser!!
i cant believe nadal is not playing in wimbeldon .. this might cost him the no.1 .. am diein here 
I can't believe Nadal is out of wimbledon.....feel so bad for him. 
i cant believe nadal lost.  go roddick
I can't believe paramore isn't playing emergency 
I can't believe people sometimes. Greed and stupidity. 
I can't believe Rafa lost. 
i can't believe Rob &amp; Kristen didn't kiss when they won the best kiss award 
i must be about the only person in inside on a very sunny saturday 
i must be so out of shape...im short of breath from playing ddr. 
I must be the biggest dork in the complex.  The cool kids were smokin' ad I didn't get asked to stay. 
I must be the only fool in twitterland that doesn't get retweet!!  #sadsville
i must be the only idiot with no life on here today.  im lonely
I must be the only person who isn't getting rang from McFly tonight 
I must do homeworks now. Sorry. Talk to you later or maybe tomorrow 
i must do my homework 
i must do my mathhomework  its sooo boring I hope you have a nice day  bye
I must finally admit that I can no longer keep up with all my online social networking and have any kind of real life. Must trim it down. 
I must get some sleep now it's 2am and my weekend is now over.   Back to life in the hair salon Wed-Sat. Nitey nite tweeple.
I must have a slight whinge about the weather - I was going to wear a dress out this afternoon and everything  x
I must have been bad because @santaclause has stopped following me! 
I must have been bad in a previous life, this is now 4 weekends in a row with last minute staffing issues. 
I must have found that emo chip I was missing last week 
I must have slept too much on Sunday...woke up at four this morning  I feel surprisingly good though.
I must learn to dont read papers this early, depressed already... damn country! 
I MUST run tomorrow. Moving overseas has really messed up my workouts 
i must say I do enjoy me some sushi, but i don't think i should have enjoyed that much 
I must say that #IGTCloud summit was less interesting than the previous one 
I must say.. T.G.I.F!!!! Lol I love Fridays, I just hope it decent outside. Sun is trying to peak out but clouds is here. Blah 
i must to study.. but i don't want! onyl 9 days to exams! 
i must write a post 
I must.. Stop.. Clock.. Watching.. 
I must've hit something on the way to Court's grad party. My tire practically BLEW UP man. And it's sitting on the side of the street now 
i muuuust be getting sick. i feel like crawling in bed to watch tv and drink chocolate milk til i pass out. mmm... sounds like a plan. 
I napped (on accident) and missed my no food after 5 deadline. Today calls for an extension. I'm hungry 
I napped for so long and I am still tired... 
I nearly cried in newlook when i found out i didnt have enough money for a top, i had to spend it on those earrings, 
i nearly died during swimming training, it was soooo tiring 
I need $10 for 3.0  Although it's not even out yet =/
I need $20 for mocassin Vans. 
I need $500 STAT. 
I need &quot;Sabb Kah Do&quot; Day again  #warid
I Need *You in My Life  http://myloc.me/4oSw
I need 2 email myself dis mixtape coz I try download on my house computer but it jus won't do it! Parred me1 
I need 2 start working out again 
i need 2 talk 2 jem, now!  i feel like crying , i dunno who 2 to trust!! :'(
I NEED 2SET-UP A NEW E-MAIL ACCT 4THIS TWITTER SHIT! I CAN'T HAVE MY PHONE TURNED OFF OR I MIGHT MISS BUSINESS! BUT THIS IS NON-STOOOOP! 
I need a 30 minute nap. Then Ive gotta study for finals. Then the #Pens game. Is it true no #LetangSexHair tonight? 
i need a 32. and my gma ditched me tomorrow 
I need a babysitter ! I want to go out with my hubby 2day  ...I have to go on the beauty salon, my hair and my nails need attention, LOL
I need a bahamavention!! 
I need a bathing suit 
I need a bear hug  and Im going to camp today!! 
i need a beer and a new face ... 
i need a blackberry bold but im brokes 
I need a book to read. 
I need a break but here's too much work to do... 
I need a camera a 
i need a cuddle and for someone to tell me everything will be ok 
i need a cuppa coffee 
I need a day job or my own business whatever cones first and most likely a day job 
i need a desk that doesn't require me to perch my laptop on it so precariously. it just fell off. 
I need a drink!!! Fck, fck, fck! 
I need a drink...is it too early for that? 
I need a fancy avatar 
I need a faster wifi thing and something to help me sleep 
I need a friend 
I need a friend right now 
i need a gentleman thatll sweep me off my feet...and then NOT leave me hangin after. smh, so disappointed 
I need a good pair of dark, straight or slightly flared jeans. I can't find any 
i need a gym buddy  ive got an extra membership for 10 a month on mon/wed/fri/sun if anyones interested, i havn't been in ages!
I need a haircut. 
i need a happy place 
I NEED A HOBBY 
I need a holiday, don't know when I'll get one 
I need a holiday... 
i need a hot water bottle and my ipod  studying suuuuucks   canea believe i have school tomorrow 
I need a hug  ... Anyone?
I NEED A HUG!! 
I need a hug. like really 
I NEED A HUGEASS CONFIDENCE BOOSTER. 
I need a huq 
I need a job like yestrday. My fone cut off &amp; i gotta giv my mama some money.  Plus i owe my granny $150 &amp; my auntie another million. lol
i need a job man... im so bored 
I need a job so I can afford Rockies Tickets again. 
I need a job to keep me above waters...thought I had one but apparently its &quot;Casual&quot; so now on the search again 
i need a job with flexible hours 
i need a job. i wanna do victory dance with @killingdance and @deathdude 
I need a job. Super bad. Hmphhh 
I NEED A JOB. WHY WONT ANYONE HIRE ME? IM A DEDICATED HARD WORKER!! I NEED A JOB!!! 
I need a job.... Broke n jobless graduate..... 
i need a job.......... 
i need a job..this being broke stuff aint fun 
I NEED A JOOOOB!!! any suggestions???? 
I need a ladder.  This world was made for tall people!!! DX
I need a laptop I'm thinking I should sale my ps3 LOL since I never play it maybe I'm too old  is 25 old guys ..
I need a larger iPod to store all my songs in. I hate picking and choosing songs 
I need a library room. I mean technically my room is practically a library but i'm running out of places to put my books. 
I need a life outside of work... how awful is it that I'm doing work related stuff on a Saturday night? 
I need a life, any one got one for sale? I'm sittin at home watchin scooby doo. Cant even be a sun worshiper cause i ran out of sunblock 
I need a lightweight native twitter client for ubuntu gutsy  no air plx.
I need a maid!!  lol
I need a massage and my therapist is not picking up the phone  I'm gonna take a ride with @georgepoli in his bike and just relax
I need a massage! I can't remember the last time I got one 
i need a massageeeeeeee. 
i need a more robust hydrocortisone. The ones over the counters are only a mean 1%. Bah! 
I need a Motion Plus.. what's the cheapest deal anyone has found as I'm broke at the moment 
I need a muscle relaxer 
i need a name for my company - i was thinking blood sweat and grime but i aint sure 
I need a nap badly... but first I have teeth cleaning!  Damnit, I hate the dentist 
i need a nap sooo badly 
I need a nap. 
I need a nap.  NOW.  It's not gonna happen.    Going out for a week night date night with the hub which never happens.  What to do?
i need a nap. but i dont  like taking naps alone.  im tired. hungry and sad.
I need a nap... But I have to finish this damn paper... 
i need a new aim screenname 
I need a new bg 
i need a new box or something. to put all tour programmes and stuff in, cos my brothers broke the one i had before  arsehole.
I need a new cam. Make this happen? &amp; wtf at the Neo Nazi thing. People are so careless, it's sick'ning. 
I need a new cell phone! Apparently dropping it into liquid isnt good for it hmmmm in figure  Wish I had a connection at Verizon lol
I need a new DVD player 
I need a new friend in my life cuz Im real bored and gonna continue to be bored while my peeps r gone! MAN my life is sad  well sumtimes
I need a new graphics card so bad. 
I need a new home around here...  urgently!  http://bit.ly/pV53N
I need a new iPhone 
I need a new ipod, sick of this one it keeps freezing 
I need a new job and a new life 
I need a new laptop ASAP. IDK what to choose. 
I need a new life 
i need a new microsd card. 
I need a new phone :| papa mama please get me a new phone 
I need a new phone i hate this one 
I need a new phone so bad   anyone wanna buy me one!?
i NEED a new phone, but no one will take me up there. the one i want is discontinued. i'm going to the dentist at 3:30 and my teeth hurt. 
I need a new phone. 
I need a new phone.... 
I need a new practice staff, current one is wobbly 
i need a new room mate...  im sad @molltini is moving out.
I need a new sound card... stupid SB! 
I need a new trenchcoat, but I can't seem to find one that I really like  Dilemma!
i need a nice sweet guy, are there any left in the world? 
i need a nurse  
i need a palm pre 
I need a pamper day... 
I need a personal day. 
i need a phone that works 
I need a picture. 
i need a puppy to rub all over my face  i wish i didnt have to wait 3 weeks.
I need a rain cover for the tent  hopefully the boys will sleep in that tent or tarp will work! white trash, for sure
i need a reality show to get a bff im sooooooo lonely 
I need a really good fanfic to read  Preferably a long one, to keep me busy. Any suggestions?
I need a really good night out. Like seriously/  Who wants to do something thisThursday, or the weekend???
I need a Red Bull and a hug.  Preferably the hug first.  
I need a restful weekend, but I will have to work instead 
i need a retreat after the retreat. What happened to my weekend?! 
I need a ride to school tomorrow.... 
I need a ride to school tomorrow....  http://twurl.nl/zhijvo
I need a ride to the bus station tomorrow.  anyone? Ill pay you! http://twurl.nl/om5ook
I need a ride, som1 to hang out with from 4-10 2day, place to stay 2nite, and som1 to go 2 church wit me 2mrw. Bf's tryna roll out on me 
I need a scooby snack   I'm sure the new betablockers I'm on are giving me the munchies.
I need a shopping buddy now that elys gone 
i need a shoulder now.. i really feel like leaving here and go somewhere else. i'm starting to hate my life and find it meaningless. 
I need a shower I smell like a hobo  iRylee Riot!
i need a socket adapated or power strip to plug in my other external hard drive  i only have 1.03 terabytes of storage now 
I need a stiff drink. I just ripped back a day's worth of work. These are the days I hate designing. 
i need a stunt double, Gary had the nurse call me at 625 this morning wondering where I was.....sleepy 
I NEED A TAN YAY BEACH!!! beach till Wednesday with my besdies . going to miss Sean though 
I need a vacation. 
I need a weather machine 'cause it's raining 
i need a wee and im on the bus for hours 
I need a wordpress coder ASAP (some ploblems with plugins and js)  If you know someone pls tell me!
I need a wordpress coder ASAP (some ploblems with plugins, js &amp; css)  If you know someone pls tell me!
i need a working torrent of fringe asap. mine still hasn't budged in 3 days 
I need alot of vote. i dunno why the photoshoot turn out not too nice maybe too white shade 
i need an adventure 
i need an angle!!!!!!!...the &quot;i had to go north to go to school cuz i was black&quot; is played...Lord, help me rapido! 
I need an animation of THAT little Billie move... lmao. Too fast though. 
i need an astro chair in resto city 
I need an edward in my life..... although I wish my edward was the one I already gave my heart too.. 
I need another damn job.  Blake and Ali are coming over.  God, do I miss Maggie. 
I need better passwords. And a walrus proof computer. 
I need blank DVD-R's 
I need booze and ice cream but can't leave the house till Jared gets home 
I need chearing up 
i need cheering up, i feel all down for some reason 
i need cheering up, please? 
i need coffee  ughh, i don't even know anymore. whatever. i'm stupid :/
I need coffee dude 
I need Coffee!!... i have so much hw to do boooo!! 
i need coffee, but in this place that stuff is hard to come by 
i need cuddles, grrrr. 
I need cuddling and sleep. Right now! 
i need dinner before SL class. i dunno what i waaaant. boo 
I need distraction after event in here!! Anyone who's in jogja,pls take me anywhere tonite 
I need drum tracking done for a senses fail song  I have everything but drums 
I need earplugs or something..    -Gracie
I need edgar and bradley and brandon and charles  i need all my friends i love oh and the boyfriend
I need effing internet NOW   
I Need Faces Mad With Frowns When Im Around, Or Im Wastin Fabric... 
i need Fluffyyyy...   
I NEED FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i need food 
i need food :| work soon, again. 
I need food god i feel so sad am sleepy n going 2 sleep hungry again like a poor gur with no food 
I need foods. Damn. I have to go outside. 
I need friends  I have no lifeeeee.
I need friends on twitter 
i need geek help. VLC media files arent supported by too many things - have a converter but cant figure out how to make the magic. 
I need glasses 
I need good vibes to pass this test tomorrow  eeeeek
i need headphone 
I need help finding a lil kim song, but i only know like the first 4 words of a verse! 
I NEED HELP I WANT TO MAKE MY BFF' DREAM COME TRUE 
I need help to get me through this chapter and close it for good. For real. 
I need help with my Iphone  plzzzzz
I need help!! I am addicted to Twitter!! I am neglecting friends and family 
I need help!!! I don't understand anything of maths and tomorrow I have a test!!   I'm going to die hahaha
I need help: a news event dealing with the restriction of individuality. 
I need help? What do you say to someone after youve raged at them but you still want to be friends? i'm stuck 
I need her  http://myloc.me/4tZt
I need HGTV to come to my house.. I need Curb Appeal, I don't know how to begin 
i need holiday...   
I need how to learn how to do math right. 
I need huggles. 
i need hugs   more people should be nocturnal, im lonely as hell.
I need hugs and cuddles today. And kisses on my nose and forehead. Having a bad day 
I need hugs from Joe Jonas 
i need human anatomy homework 
I need hurry do my art, damn. Been spending way too much time on maths 
i need input!!! creative system is blocked 
I need inspiration in the kitchen, my cooking is usually my artist's palette -- what do I need to break out of my rut?? 
i need like two bottles of water, im sooooo fckin thirsty 
I need mango 
i need mcfly's new cd! i couldn't find it that time  it was sold out.
I need me some MONEY ! 
I need meeeeee time 
I need metamizole   pseudoephedrine, and I'm in UK! one is not prescribed to humans anymore, the other is replaced with phenylephrine 
I need metamizole + pseudoephedrine, and I'm in UK!  one is not prescribed to humans anymore, the other is replaced with phenylephrine 
i need millions of fags 
I need moneeeeyyyyyyy someone get me a job 
i need money for tickets 
I need money for WoW membership...I'm not downloadin patches for nothing..Would be playing tomorrow...but &quot;something&quot; came up 
i need money, i have to buy new clothes   $$$$$
i need money.  Seriously, how am i supposed to preorder the nsn and tsa eps?   I'm so upset.
i need money... i really miss working 
I need more followers 
I need more followers  im going bed guyssss nighttt xxx
i need more followers , i only have 44 , i feel like no one likes me anymore 
I need more followers I feel LAME  
I need more followers. 
i need more friend to twitter with. tweeting alone is not that fun, ya know 
I need more friends in toronto 
I need more local friends  everyone is like 45 minutes away
I need more Me Time. I probably won't get any for the next week+. 
i need more money. i'm flat broke  http://tumblr.com/xou1svk1q
I need more motivation for school. Writing a paper and figuring out my options for next semester 
I need more physical activities. My feet hurts when I wear heels again. 
i need more ppl to follow me! 
I need more RAM 
I need more spymasters! At level 23 but I cant do the tasks I want because I dont have enough spymasters in my spyring  #playspymaster
I need more than a hug or virtual twug today - bad times in work today  roll on 5 o'clock!
I need more time 
I need more twitter buddies.. 
I need more twitter friends. 
I need more wow time   
I need moving boxes!!!! 
I need my astral cream  Hahaaa....
i need my babyyyyy, bestfriend, and a ciggy. rpreferrably some reefer too. my mother would frown 
I need my best friend to hurry up and get back in the u.s. Its been so long since we've talked  we've been friends for 18 yrs. Crazy!
I need my boyfriend SO bad it hurts. 
i need my brain tmr but i can't sleep  one sheep, two sheep . . . - http://tweet.sg
I need my cats here. 
I need my freakin headphones 
i need my friends 
i NEED MY fRYEND! 
i need my guitar..  where are you? ..
I need my mom 
I need my mom, very very very much 
i need my mommy   &amp; my daddy  
I need my mummy the spider slayer to come home from work and save me 
I need my other half back. I miss her..she left me for the beach.. 
I NEED MY OUTLET Like now 
i need my own place. and a job ofcourse... ahh. someone hire me please 
I need my tummy rubbed... 
i need my twitpic  ''home'' looks better with it
i need my two favorite pick me ups 
i need my voice back! its been three miserably QUIET days 
I need new bike gloves. All the cycling I did yesterday gave me blisters on the meaty part of my palms. 
I need new flowers. The daisies I got last week SUCKED 
I need new friends on yahoo 
i need new hi-top converse. but how? how does one just get new ones? i love my old ones so much 
I need new HyperDunks and a new snare drum.  NO MONEEY. :| )))
I NEED new music!!! 
i need new running shoes!! my feet are completely torn up 
I need new socks 
I need new tyres for my car!!!  ......Yet more money i need to spend!
I need Nicole Buckley in my life. 
i need of an IPhone! 
I need one of those sleep masks Joan Collins would wear to bed. Light keeps waking me up. not in peak condition today 
I need people to keep the blog updated whilst we're away, if you're interested, let me know! I didn't get a reply from anyone else 
i need photoshop.. so bad... 
i need ponstan.. 
I need salad today more than i have in a long time  crazy day!
I need skott right now 
I need sleeeep!!! I'm not gonna be able to function tomorrow at work... I can't sleep though.... 
I need sleep but I can't 
I need sleep! I need wake up early tomorrow! I need study!!!!!!!!! 
i need sleep, not use to working, really not looking forward to 10 hours shift on monday 
i need sleep, NOW,,,,  
I need sleep. I also need to get into school. And for that, I need more money.  To get money, I need to work, which means no sleep.   Fun.
I need so much july and vacation  , I need to go to UK and USA sooo much !
I need softer tissues 
I need some anbesol 
i need some bacon vodka, i know its early  http://www.drinkupny.com/Bakon_Vodka_p/s0825.htm
@Issaaa thats so sad. i would do the same thing. i would seriously freak out and die. 
@issacboy Also marketing eludes me... 
@issie_bella Yes it does. And it should be illegal. I hope we get to talk soon though. 
@issie07 omg I'm finally seeing all the stuff you sent me ! I just figured it out Im sorry I never replied  i'm really slow :p
@isthemasterplan He is a singer of the Oasis, right?? I mean.. never think he hates me 
@iStuhler Oh, that's good! I didn't  And Chillow hasn't seen it yet, so that sucks.
@Isuara Awakeningsssssssss!! haha, it will be great! unfortunately i can't  Cause i've got a tournament in London. How is your day?
@iSUCK bet you also need to pee every 10 minutes  lol
@iSUCK i named it &quot;puppy&quot; jsut to be cool Ahh dear puppy the gold fish, i hope fishy heaven is nice 
@iSUCK we're going 7/13 ;D!!! i cant wait -but then, my dancetour starts the 11th and i can only do 2 shows  x
@iSukk my brother is a BRILLIANT masseuse/myotherapist (that's muscle therapy) and ppl swear by him but he's here on the Coast 
@iSukk nope, claw was shut down for annual maintenance 
@iSWAGG_DOT_COM I woulve the same as you if something were to happen to her 
@iSwagster  cant help it...dnt get out much..lol
I miss my doggggg.  Why did he have to go and run away.
I miss my Doggie  .... Ja Ja R.I.P. in Doggie Heaven!!! Everyone loved him so much, he was the tightest &quot;PitBull&quot; west of the Mississippi!
I miss my dogs.  Darwin and Daphne... 
I miss my eastcoast pals. Wah 
i miss my ex soo much 
i miss my EXTRA Ordinary Seaman McDougall 
i miss my fake tan 
I miss my family 
I miss my family and my grandparents! 
I miss my family in Massachusetts already. I hate that we live so far apart 
I miss my family in Texas 
i miss my family.... 
i miss my feather duster 
I miss my fiance she's at her second home... work     lol  p.s. who in the world mows their lawn at 7:00 A.M.? hope they hit a stick lol
I miss my fiance...    
i miss my fight club family 
i miss my fiji. 
I miss my fone 
i miss my friend Harmony very much 
i miss my friend shirley .......   
i miss my friend so much 
i miss my friends     so bored at home
I miss my friends @flanniganemery and @hadleymurphy I haven't seen them all day 
i miss my friends a lot. summer's over. 
I miss my friends already 
I miss my friends and family in Alabama 
I miss my friends at school so much... next year without them its going to be SO hard...  loveyou
i miss my friends bad 
I miss my friends outside of uni. I miss Xander, Willow and Buffy. Most of all I miss mom and Tara! 
i miss my friends today. 
i miss my friends! 
I miss my friends, i don't want to go to school again, but i want to see my friends 
I miss my friends, I miss my family, I miss my old town! i wanna back home  i dont wanna be here
i miss my friends. 
I miss my friends. (And my girlfriend!) I don't like being this busy. 
i miss my friends. sis sucks  but i love being at home, dont wanna go back to prison...
I miss my friendssss.  but I'm making some new ones... So that's good? But I still miss everyone.
i miss my fringe soo much  im not use to this stupid thing, but i need to get used to it cause its a change?... http://tinyurl.com/o29v33
I MISS MY FUCKING HAIR! fs. 
I miss my gays     You can't leave me!  Abandonment!
i miss my german friends 
I miss my giant pearls &amp; am sick of wearing this little, regular-sized, punkass ones. 
I miss my girl sooo much...  I just wanna be with her...
I miss my girlfriend and her sexy face. Baaaaby I wanna come home 
I miss my girlfriend so much 
i miss my girls @whoppergirladv &amp; @crazyirishkimmy  wish they were @ Walt Disney World w me
I miss my goggie! 
i miss my grade 9 friends from both countries  &lt;3
I miss my gramma  happy birthday!! &lt;3
I miss my grandad so much. 
i miss my granddad or grandfather is the same  i ask why you have to leave you were like my 2 dad :'(
I CAN'T BELIEVE SAFINA LOST.  
I cant believe she did that 
i can't believe someone spammed me with porn within minutes of joining twitter.  perhaps i should leave 
I can't believe Susan Boyle didn't win!!! She lost to a freaking dance troupe! UGHHHHH!!!! 
I can't believe that I am still waiting for a damn delivery. It's clearly not coming today. 
I can't believe that I have lost yet another pair of sunglasses!  I always lose my sunglasses this is ridiculous  My day is horrible!
I can't believe that I'm blowing off going to yoga again. It's been weeks since I've been to practice... 
I can't believe that I'm working on a special day   Away from my family 
I can't believe that my long holiday will end in a month time. 
I can't believe that Nadal has pulled out of Wimbledon  I like him! But come on Murray! 
i can't believe that tommorow i will be graduated... still can't believe! so sad for this... 
i can't believe that was @laurenconrad 's last hills episode! 
I can't believe the 3GS has outsold the 3G on release day stats... Not with that pricing.. i would say #o2fail but clearly it is #o2win 
I can't believe the Athens threater is gone  first time I've ever cried about a fire
I can't believe the Chess concert on PBS right now. It's not nearly as good as I wanted it to be. 
I can't believe the concert ended! so fast?! n I wasn't even there!  haha
I can't believe the freezer trick worked!  Of course this means that apple support lied to me. 
I can't believe the Gators softball team is blowing it 
I can't believe The Princess Bride just came on...and I have to get ready for work.  
i cant believe the public pools dont open until june 27th. 
I can't believe the school year is over all ready. I'M not ready for my child to be in 8th grade next year nor high school the year after 
I can't believe the valet left with my keys. Sitting in the city waiting to go home 
I can't believe the video I just saw. Video inarticle. Warning: You can't unsee this. #IranElection http://tinyurl.com/kpsobe  
I cant believe there is going to be no more primevil 
I can't believe this happened to me 
I can't believe this happened. it's like a nightmare that I'm never going to wake up from. But its life and I have to deal with that.... 
i can't believe this is happening. poor #kimi. 
I can't believe this is the last day. I'm going to miss TMS   Bah. Mixed emotions.  MIIIIIIIIIIIIIXED EMOOOOOOTIONS. (gonna listen now XD)
I can't believe this many people don't know what blu-ray is 
i cant believe this woman talked me into getting a different hairstyle...real talk though...i have no clue of what to do with my hair 
I can't believe this! I slept like a little baby for 12 hours and still I'm tired.  I blame it all on the computer!
I can't believe this, @sedman00 does not know her only husband's twitter name. 
I need some body heat! I'm in the bed with pajamas on cuz I'm cold  Any volunteers? Just kiddin! U wiiiish! Lol
I need some cheering up  some kind words for me? post em on my blog http://bit.ly/5V7dh
I need some Chocolates to relieve my stress.  #pinoy #barkada #singer #model #poker
I need some coffee or Tylenol 
I need some coffee. Maybe I should do tea cuz my throat is killing 
I need some company 
I need some cool artwork in my life, I wish I could draw 
I need some entertainment 
I need some entertainment... Not a lot of people online and it's crap on TV 
i need some followers 
i need some followers. only 4 ? 
i need some gal friend lovin. my ex boyfriend is getting married tomorrow. this is SUPER weird. dunno quite how to feel. 
I need some hangover remedies. Currently feeling a mess 
I need some hardcore meditation classes 
I need some headache pills 
I need some love. Someone follow me  anyone Jay-Z, Conan, before @iamdiddy Hangover, D-Day http://www.visionsof.us Chickenfoot soup lol
I need some mad hugs or something right now. 
I need some more twitter friends. 
i need some new picz for myspace..but my cell phone is broken 
I need some pinkberry 
I need some plugs. for real. my ears want to stretch. and I have no money 
i need some purple magic,  [no smoke].
I need some real food 
I need some red velvet cake 
I Need Some Shades  I Don't Wanna See Nobody.!
I need some sleep. I'm tired of wakin up at 3 in the afternoon. I've been layin starin at the wall 4 so long but can sleep 
I need some sun.. When is it going to atop raining in NY... Mother nature HELP! 
I need some tums. 
I need some way to watch the Big Brother opening. I missed it last night 
I need some........... Its been too long 
I need somebody teach me how to use twitter  :lost in twitter mode:
I need somebody to talk to but I pushed you away.  -- i just can't talk to someone else. 
I need somebody.. 
I need someone I can talk to. Someone who'll listen. Who'll put me before anything. Are you out there? 
I need someone to dye my hair pink ! This is really gay 
I need someone to go to dinner with! Everyone is busy or not hungry 
I need someone to hang out with. I have no friends  lol.
I need someone to hold me close... I really need some cuddling...   God, I hate feeling alone.
I need someone to play by play the game for me cause I have to work  Geaux Tigers!!! Kick that Texas ass!
I need someone to snuggle with 
i need someone to talk to    im very lonely.
I need someone to talk to its so slow today at work 
I can't believe Tiffany moved away today  I'm so glad I got to see her before she left.
i cant believe tomorrow is wednesday, majorr embarressment awaits mee...  i hate assembliesss
I cant believe tonight is the last episode of the tonight show. I'm going to miss Headlines 
I can't believe tour is almost over 
I cant believe you all had so much fun at both tweetup and #twpp without me 
i can't believe you went to Vegas so close to me, we miss eachother again 
i cant belive i msised atl  my stomach hurts
i cant belive it 
i can't belive that tomorrow is monday! 
I cant belive you out of all people would make fun of me! 
I can't belivee you have to pay more money for Internet yethering on iPhone / o2 !!!! 
i cant board the plane fast enough...i wanna go home 
i cant break my daughters fever her 1st tooth is kickin her ass 
i cant breath outta my nose.......sad face 
I cant breathe. I hate feeling like this 
i can't breatheee... i hate being sick! 
I can't bring myself to throw them away  http://twitpic.com/7wjgc
I can't buy anything, though. Saving up for lunch. 
I can't catch a freakin break lately. 
i cant change my picture 
I can't change my Twitter background 
I can't chooooseeee!!  OMG. 50th UPDATE! WOOOOP!
i can't concentrate for the life of me.. this is not good 
I can't concentrate on studying #phonology... 
I can't concentrate on writing the Geography Exam Notes 
I cant concentrate today 
i can't concentrate. 
i can't concertrate 
i cant cope with all this WKD 
I can't currently think of anything sadder than waiting too long for a steak that's overcooked and also cold. 
I Can't deal with this anymore 
I can't decide if 120 pages | 60 back2back is enough for chen? Should I use the full 240 that's 120 back2back  golly.
I can't decide if I feel sssick or extremely tired. not good anyhow. &amp; I'm due to take a hayfever tablet but I don't wanna move      :')
I miss my grandfather. 
I miss my grandfather. He was an amazing man... 
I miss my Grandma a lot and I don't want to say goodbye... 
i miss my grandpa and how he heard everything 'from a wee birdie' 
I miss my granny soooo much. 
I miss my guitar... 
I miss my Haruo.  || 2-0 your face. HAHAHA :p
I miss my headphones so bad 
I miss my hollybee  but atleast we can phone eachother  snuggles
i miss my home and my old friends 
I miss my home town temecula 
i miss my honeeeeeeeeeeeey  i really hope you have a great time @klenchenx3  ! million kisses ?
i miss my honeybear 
I miss my hood ring...  
I miss my hubby  I hAte Sundays cause it the beginning of a long week
i miss my hubs  http://plurk.com/p/13vsxf
I miss my hunk.  off to the pool then out tonight for much needed drinks.
i miss my husband.   #justsayin
I miss my HVNY team   when we hangin?
i miss my ic girls 
i miss my iphone  hope apple comes out with a new model this summer, i need my iphone fix!
i miss my iPhone.... 
i miss my ipod  my mom lost it she is the only person who can take my shit lose it &amp; not replace i can't even say anything about it
I miss my iPod  Sad times.. But! Ali's house today  *sings* Father Allyson... :L Daughter ;) Aorta? I miss my fellow Cackling Witches 
I miss my ipod so much! I think I'm gonna die 
I miss my iPod touch  i hope i won't have to buy 3.0 again~ can i restore my previous iPod backup onto the new one?
I miss my jailbird boo. 
i miss my jerryyy. 
i miss my jerryyyy. 
i miss my john 
I miss my joshie bum more than anyone can understand 
I miss my Journey serenade bella!!! 
I miss my junk food    Bought celery and mandarin oranges instead. Soooo not the same thing LOL. Dreaming of M&amp;Ms.
I miss my kids and family 
I miss my kitty  i wish she was near-er  agh..... If only she knew how sorry i was for my past actions, theres no way she wil forgive me
I miss my kitty a lot 
I miss my kitty! She went to the vet to be fixed today and I don't get her back until the morning. The house won't be the same tonight! 
I miss my kitty. hope she's doing well at that kennel 
i miss my kyky n lzz  glad i get to see them tomorrow.
i miss my Laker basketball already!!! 
I miss my lap top...it has only be 12 hours, but I want it back 
I miss my laptop. Sharing a PC with your brother isn't funny  
i miss my lasalle friends 
I miss my Literature major friends  Just got my shifting forms a while ago. I'll be with new and unknown people next term. 
I miss my littl cusin josiah  hmph*
I miss my little Batty, she was only 3 months old when she got sick, she was always so fun and full of life &lt;3 Even at the very end... 
I need someone to who will listen.  8037605477
i need something to do noww.. 
I need something to do on a sunday that i actually want to do instead of just pigging out 
I need something to do!! 
I need Starbucks! 
i need story ideas. im having MAJOR writers block right now. it hurts 
i need sum followers ppl.... so come on follow me.... i feel unloved with no one followin me... *tear* 
I need sum tlc 
I need sum words of encouragement rt abt now. Evtime I look ovr at my overflowing inbox I feel my blood pressure rise. Ovrwrkd undrpd 
i need sum1 to cuddle with 
I need sum1 to put a smile on my face today 
I need sumthin sooooo badly rite now! 
i need take a rest please 
I need tank tops.  it's sad i have none.
i need tea and toast, im in a foul mood 
I need that cd.i can't believe they lost it. 
I need the bathroom another hour till I get to Dublin! 
I need the drivers for my laptop. 
i need the focus i had yesterday.. i keep getting distracted! french &amp; bio finals tomorrowww 
I need the holidays....so badly!! 
I need the power of zoom zoom now.. I'm late and I'm in  deep shit 
i need the sun back 
I need the sun to come out NOW - LA must not want me to stay cuz lord knows its prettier on the east...still wanna stay tho 
I need the sun, the beach, and the heat! Why is it so rainy here? 
i need time to think..... 
I Need Time......Alone 
i need to be 24 now just to get financial aid. 4 more years 
I need to be a dresser next year for the Philippine Fashion Week! Dressers have access to see all the celebrities and ushers don't! 
I need to be alone... 
I need to be discovered!! 
I need to be more productive today, half the day is gone already 
I need to be on an island and enjoy the beach and the sun. I need a vacation 
I need to be on the phone phone phone and I don't want to be... 
I need to be revising but I'm not in the mood  stupid chemistry. Why did I take if again?
I need to be sleeping.. But i'm not even tired.. 
I need to be studying, but I am having the hardest time concentrating. 
i need to be tan. right now 
I need to be tweeting off verrrry soon. Did not nap today and don't want to be up way late. Still working to get healthier &amp; not sicker 
I need to blog soon!!  I hate when I neglect it.  
I need to break the habit of drinking coffee before work, I don't want to be one of &quot;those&quot; people...but the pep sure does help my mood 
I need to bring my baby boo boo (a.k.a. CAT) to the VET before she loses all her fur 
I need to buy a new hard case for my accordion.  They're pricey. 
I need to buy a new workout video, can't find my old one 
I need to buy new clothes. My closet sucks. 
I need to buy new shoes. I miss that rush 
I need to buy the book for my AP Lit summer assignment. I hate doing homework over summer. 
I need to buy this ....I need to laugh , I feel like Sh*t  today    http://tinyurl.com/n9fjbv
I need to calm the fuck down! I'm really not being a nice person  I want to sort things out with mum.
I need to carry mah ass to sleep. I'm losing too much beauty rest. 
I need to change my livejournal header....not sure to what though  I feel guilty changing it since it's The Joker, but it's been the same
i need to charge my brothers camera soon.. mine broke again  thats 3 cameras i've been through now :S
I need to chill 
I need to come on twitter moree  Spain 09 soon yayy!!
i need to comment stuff on Buzznet. but i can only use phone now baww 
I need to concentrate. 
I need to convince my dad to buy me the Russian doll name necklace from @ladyluckrulesok  I love it.
I need to cut my nails 
i need to do real world things today like laundry and food shopping 
I need to do science homework   i like graphing though : I
I need to do something to feel better about myself.  I'm really upset at the moment 
I need to do something tomm 
I need to eat fish... But they are so xpensive 
I need to eat more Bananas... I keep getting this motherfukin cramp in my foot!!! Ouch...  
I need to eat something but i don't find anything good! I hate it 
I need to enable  itemscheduling on a pages library by code . Can't find any examples 
I need to face it..I'm destined to be miserable for the rest of my life 
I need to face the problem instead of running from it. Dateline! Hiks 
I need to find a girlfriend  it's been a while
I Need To Find GND Fans To Talk To 
I need to find more Bay Area folks so I can network with local peeps 
I need to find more constructive ways to spend my summer, other than watching One Tree Hill obsessively. I'm going to go change. 
i need to find my camera.. 
I need to find one last piece of outfit left for Jade's party and I cant find it any where  might go without it
i need to find places to meet people 
i need to find some time to improve my sculptie skill  its abit hit and miss atm lol
I need to find stuff on fandom which can be used in a university essay.. it is hard 
i need to find the motivation to start doing some work..bah im so sick of classes already and its only the second week of summer semester 
i need to finish the ad clip. and finally need to launch that ION project! someone empower me i feel sucked and jaded! 
I need to fix my met 
I need to fix my school stuffs , alreadyy ! 
I need to forget, but so many things remind me of you 
I need to get a guitar...pronto 
i need to get a new phone charger because mine won't charge at all anymore 
I need to get a phone one of these days. Stupid washing machine killed my old phone.  epic fail.....
I need to get a shimmy on lol my friends are gonna be here at 5 i have no food or no idea what to cook lol. 
I need to get away. I wish I had money to go travel for a bit. I miss my east coast friends. 
i need to get back in shape na naman  leche naman o.. why can't i be like yan yan who eat's at least 3 cups a meal and doesn't even ga ...
I need to get back to the drawing board...Have been neglecting my sketchbook and artboards 
I need to get back to working out.... ugh ate sooo bad this weekend 
i need to get better!!! 
I need to get donations for the rugby club before the golf tournament fundraiser this Saturday. I hate this part. 
i need to get dressed  jeremy's going away party is today... i gotta get him something
i need to get happy, and soon! please, lets stop fighting 
i need to get home so i can get the new atl song 
i need to get in a better mood 
i need to get my computer fixed 
I need to get of this computer. I have tons of laundry to put away! 
I need to get out of bed  I need fags bt I dnt want to get up! Any body in the Derry area want to go for me?
I need to get out of old lady mode I'm showered and in the bed and its only 930 damn wat happened to meee 
I need to get out whilst the weather is nice, but someones phone is turned off! 
i need to get over to lush pretty soon. only got a tiny sliver of mud flats left 
I need to get rid of this sprint instinct and cop a blackberry or somethin. Can't tweet right on here 
I need to get some work done today! No time to relax 
i need to get the battery replaced for my car zapper. When i use just my car key to unlock the alarm goes off but im lazy.. 
I need to get this ass to the gym....designer jeans are starting not to fit again 
i need to get to bed ! have to be up at like 7am  gooodnight xx
I need to get up and clean house!! 
I need to get xbox hooked up again. I miss it terribly 
I need to go and do my hair but I haz a sleeeeepy puppy ;_; I hate waking him up 
I need to go and have a shower, but Twitter forces me to stay at the laptop - Evil Twitter 
I need to go away 
I need to go do some cleaning  Tweet at ya later!
I need to go get my new Wizard of Oz comic  And find another to start reading since there's only 2 left in that one...
I need to go home and straight to bed! Not trying to be sick before the wedding 
I need to go home now. I'm seriously over this whole taking care of three kids thing. I'm tired. 
I need to go home...  need to lie down... no clubbing tonight!! no 400  Its a working weekend 
I need to go into work early on Monday, so that means early to bed tonight and tomorrow. The problem with that? I know I'll be up till 4 
I need to go on suicide watch. The Drive, The Fumble, The Shot, Jose Mesa, the Sweep in '07, and now this... Where's my razor blade? 
i need to go out of office again.. i am melting.. 
i need to go out tonight..i need to unwind..but got no one to be with..sad 
I need to go out, I need someone's house so I can do my excel&amp;ppt, I need to eat 
i need to go reset my alarm clock but i dont feel like gettin back up. 
i need to go running 
i need to go shopping  im running out of things to wear!
i need to go shopping  looking at my shorts and i only have like 3 pairs. this is not going to work! lol
I NEED to go to a rock show! it's been six months! 
I need to go to a show!!! 
I need to go to bed earlier 
I need to go to bed like now... I am like od hungry hot and missin my baby  Goodnight World.
I need to go to bed! for some reason I'm having problems sleeping  I love sleep..... 
I need to go to bed, but I can't seem to put down my controller 
I need to go to bed, I guess I'll have to wait until the morning to get my iphone update 
I need to go to bed, work in the morning, not gonna like it after being off sick from work 
I need to go to the bank tomorrow before I go broke... 
I need to go to the Doctor tomorrow morning 
I need to go to the gym, it's been like 4 days 
I need to go to the orthodontist. 
I need to go to town but it's too cold and cbf going 
i need to goo  clea the house cuz the guy for my computer is coming x
I need to have an antivirus software.  FAST.
i need to have my nails re-done, im having withdrawels. 
I need to hear my song 
I need to hear the new jonas album  imma download it when i get in.
i need to iron my uniforms 
I need to know if I should install ActiveX for my msm games. Help... 
I NEED TO KNOW WHATS THE NEW SONGS CALLED    TOM,DANNY,DOUGIE,HARRY TELL ME ! PLEASE lol
i need to know.....really bad ....school is almost over 
I need to learn 150 pages about nothing though 
I need to learn how to cook. 
i need to learn how to spell..im soo gona fail english 
I need to learn to not drink uv like its water. 
I need to leave NOW. But no where to go 
i need to make a new myspace :/ i deleted the other cause i was tired of it. Now i miss is 
I need to make homework.. But i not in the mood for homework 
I need to marry well and live a life of leisure! I am so over work 
I Need to meet a deadline 2night so no sleep 
i need to meet more people..no one i know has twitter. its sad 
I need to move out... Now 
I need to not want to be with him so much.... 
I miss my little boy..... 
I miss my little sister. 
I miss my little sisters, even if they like my brother's girlfriend more than me lol 
I miss my long hair 
i miss my long hair  i guess that's what you feel after every haircut...
i miss my long hair... 
i miss my long nails  - i cut them ‘cause i kept scratching myself. sucks though, it took me almost three... http://tumblr.com/x3f1z1jfv
I miss my lovely long nails. Now I have stumpy ugmo ones 
i miss my mac.  but im having alot of fun in myrtle beach! almost broke my ankle from a giant wave.
I miss my Macbook 
I miss my mam and dad there enjoying the sun without me 
i miss my man 
i miss my martian 
I miss my MD07 
I miss my Mercedarian Family badly. 
I miss my mom 
I miss my mom A LOT 
I miss my mom and dad 
I miss my Mom! She had to go away on business! I like it when she's home doing her writing! Whimper-Woof 
I miss my mom.....  but its ok, she'll back tonight 
i miss my mommy 
I miss my mommy  I wish I was at home instead of hereeeeeee...After that Air France joint I'm scared to fly back to the states :-\
I miss my mommy!  So sad I can't be with her on this day. *Happy Mother's Day* to all the mothers out there! What would we do without you?
I miss my my mr bear kebin 
i miSS my NBA.. 
I miss my neices and nephews 
i miss my nephew 
I miss my new guitar, Limited Edition Ibanez, my graduation present. Don't ever give me anything if you're just gonna take it back. 
I miss my nice, long tresses. 
i miss MY niece &amp; nephew. 
I miss my niece and nephews 
I miss my niggas in N.O..... Daron come back to LA 
I miss my old blue ds  http://myloc.me/1nx1
I miss my old hairrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! I want it back, now!  Nowwwwwwww 
I miss my old house  So many memories lost... I Hate not having my own room
i miss my old keyboard  ...but i love my new keyboard more [ ! ]
I miss my old room at my old house...it was much bigger than my current room... 
I miss my only best friend  she always makes me feel better
I miss my osito 
I miss my Owen, come back home now, please? 
i miss my pandora bracelet    hurry up and fix it pandora people!!!!!
i miss my parents. house been completely quiet for days. 
I Miss My people! Living in new place is Fun and exciting i hate that you can't pack your friends and bring them along  love you guys
I miss my PFC chat room buddies...  The chat room needs to come back!
i miss my phone 
i miss my phone  .
I can't decide what to wear tonight  I think I wore my favorite shirt last night
I can't deny it any more, I am sick   Adalyn and I both have bad colds.  Summer colds are the worst!
I can't dig any will power here to finish my work. 
I cant do a push up 
I can't do a ribbon for #RWAChange until my website is fixed 
I can't do anything  My little dog is dead  I can't stand why  Today is going to be a hard day 
I can't do anything bc I'm out of clean clothes  , laundry day... I'm not matching at all Lol
i cant do anything fun now that exams are next week 
I can't do my homework 
i cant do the @ thing from my phone, but we will, d00d. i had a nightmare and i cant go back to sleep.  and i smell toilet water...
I can't do the exam 
I can't do the three-legged race because my leg is still weak from when they took out bone marrow a while ago 
I can't do this 
I cant do this anymore  A week today and its all over 
I can't donate bone marrow because I have asthma 
I can't download the song &quot;Melody of Sanctimony&quot; 
i can't draw @dougiemcfly ! is too perfect! it's hard 
I can't eat for 16 hours now because i'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled 
I can't eat the foods that I want! 
I can't eat Zaxby's anymore... too much acid reflux 
I can't edit my signature in the DD365 forums. Uggh. 
i cant effin find the group... 
I can't end my twitter experience with an @ tweet. Does this mean I have a problem? My therapist won't like this. 
i cant enjoy being alone up late anymore :/ my brothers home 
I can't escape my desk for coffee, as I'm waiting for a call. 
I cant even begin to state how disappointed I am with Nadal withdrawing from Wimbeldon 
I cant even chew grapes cut in 1/2. the only thing I can eat is yogurt &amp; even that is a chore (not to mention insanely painful!)   
i cant even colour them 
I cant even cry anymore 
i cant even explain how cute this grey tabby i cat was that i saw today. it broke my heart that i cant just adopt her 
I can't even fix my fucking sling on my own how useless is that 
i can't even get the audio streaming  #asot400
I can't even go.  Oh well. There's always a next time. Hopefully this Sunday'll be fun, the other aspects of Sunday. Since hanging (cont)
I can't even imagine why are you so mad. 
I can't even leave cuz now I hav no nails on and got off work early. I would hav to wait till Wed if not today  so ima sit my ass here
I can't even make a sale on Etsy   I need more exposure.  Help! www.patteroflittlefeet.etsy.com
i can't even swallow my excedrin 
i cant even think about sleeping and everybody else is either asleep or laying in bed 
I can't even walk. 
i need to pee badly, but i cba getting up  lols
I need to pee but I cant cause there is noone here to answer phones cause our receptionist is sick and in in the office by myself 
I need to practice this one act of kindness but i need more money 
I need to puke 
i need to quit smoking. ESPECIALLY when i have a sore throat. i don't think i can even talk right now, it hurts so much. 
I need to remember not to accidentally skip meals. It always makes me sick.  I also need to remember to go to bed. G'nite Twitterverse.
I NEED to revise for tomorrow, but my mind is screaming NOOOOOOOO.  where's inspiration when you need it? - Life's What You Make It ??
I need to see a sleep dr about the position i sleep in. I have a sore red spot in the middle of my forehead from it. 
i need to see them... i need to see @varsityfc.... i need to see my girls.... this just kills me 
i need to sell stuff. i need a job. 
I need to send email to my friend who lives in America. Maybe, I haven't sent email message to him for 2 weeks... 
I need to seriously revamp bedtime! It's become too hurried and unenjoyable for me  Any ideas are welcome!
I need to shower 
I need to sleeeeeeeeeeeeep.  Bloody Twitter addiction. 
I need to sleep and straighten my life out horribly 
I need to sleep but dont wanna, long shift 2mrw 
i need to sleep but i just cant     im so sleepy i need to sleep im not happy
I need to sleep SO BADLY that it isn't even funny, but I can't. Having such a detrimental effect on my health 
I need to sleep!! Have a long day tomorrow. 
I need to sleep!!!! Insomnia... 
I need to sleep, but I can't. 
I need to sleep. But I can't 
I need to snap out of this funk. I think it's this dreary weather. 
I need to start on my hw..i have a book report to do, and a short story to write. 
I need to start packing soon. Always always fun.  
i need to start packing. 
I need to start sticking to my word.. No one believes what I sayyy 
i need to start taking more pictures.... i need a new charger for my camera 
I need to start this assignment on E-commerce today or else !!!!! 
I need to step my Spanish game up ASAP, Jose Luis is interesting but I don't know what they be fighting for. 
I need to stop all of this social networking and get focused on getting my clothes organized, but it's a losing battle! 
I need to stop being so nice. People take advantage of me too much..  siiiiigh!
I Miss My Phone Sooooooooooo Badly 
i miss my phoneee! 
i miss my platonic friend.. 
I miss my pook 
I miss my pops! 
I miss my ppl. 
I miss my precious Malaysia 
i miss my ps3  sucks it's broke.
I miss my puppy... 
I miss my rat babies! 
I miss my rawk star already  http://myloc.me/5zka
i miss my real friends.. 
I miss my red pillow. 
i miss my school buddies, i havent seen them for ages  
I miss my second 24&quot; monitor. This 15.4&quot; MBP monitor just doesn't do the job. 
I miss my senior friends 
I miss my shellerz today  she's sick
I miss my shot buddies 
I miss my sidekick  i really hate not having a keyboard
i miss my sis already 
i miss my sis even tho i jus came home a day ago from visiting her i miss her so much  i hope to she her soon....ily
i miss my sis serge so badly 
i miss my sister 
i miss my sister so much i wish i could be in North Carolina helping her with her pregnancy and rubbing her belly &amp; talking to my nephew 
I miss my sister...... 
I miss my snookiebear real badly 
I MISS MY SON 
I miss my son   He's been in TN for two weeks now. One more week to go...
I miss my straightener. 
I miss my study abroad family   http://tinyurl.com/ojsk8y
i miss my sushi so much 
i miss my SWAC cast!   October hurry up!
I miss my Target friends...   I feel like such a bastard child...
I miss my texting.......it's like having your freedom of speech takin' away 
I miss my Travis   Pathetic or not, it's true.
I miss my true husband! 
i miss my twitter app 
I miss my twitter buddies 
I miss my wacom. Especially the mouse. Laptop touch pad is horrible 
I miss my water cuz my well went dry 
i miss my wife 
I miss my wife  she is taking tests in Tucson tomorrow so I won't see her until Sunday night. Pray she does well!
i miss my wifeyy 
I miss my wittle chunckerz 
i miss my wittle wudy-pher. 
I miss my workout partner @alaynalim  #squarespace
I miss my younger days when &quot;the last day of school&quot; actually meant what it implies...regents all this week 
I miss Nashville  But I'll be back in a couple weeks! Yeahh!
I miss nate.  CACKKBOXASSS.
I miss Nathalie 
I miss Navarre and having the beach only 7 minutes away...Now it's three hours away 
i miss nicholas adam westbrook  we need to hang brudder
I miss Nick Jonas well the Jb even if the dont no me , it weird ! 
I miss Nirvana music. If he could just go back to life  http://plurk.com/p/vha3z
I miss NY already. 
i miss NY's pizzas   ...im over here at work starving too @YungCed.. soup for lunch doesn't cut it lol
I can't face school 
I can't fall asleeeep!   tiff needs to hurry up and come home so I can go back in my room &amp; sleep instead of the floor.
I cant fall asleep 
I can't fall asleep 
i cant fall asleep  my brain wont stop spinning about this summer &amp; what it holds...
I can't fall asleep again.  i need more sleep.
i cant fall asleep. 
I can't fall asleep. 
I cant fall back asleep 
I can't fall back asleep 
I can't feel it. really, not now. 
I can't figure out how to put 3 columns on my blog  poo!
I can't figure out how to work twitter 
I can't find &quot;I Wanna Know You&quot; on I-Tunes  
I can't find 3g or wireless hotspot to send some pictures and more updates  it's superb here, quads tonight once again
I can't find a good drama school, although I live in the capital 
I can't find a job!!!  Anyone want to employ me?
I can't find a ride to practice and I can't get there by foot or bus because it's on an air force base. 
I can't find an answer for the AP homework. AAH. 
i can't find any anywhere,my parents said they would pay for it as my b-day prezzie,and it just so happens that theres none left..grrr  
I can't find any good &quot;happy fathers day&quot; ecard!! 
I can't find any of my tweezers 
i cant find any pictures. 
I can't find any sunglasses to suit my odd shaped head 
i cant find any tutorials on how to work premier pro cs3  wtf someone help lol
I cant find anyone that i know! 
i cant find anyone to go to the movies with....  they all have lives to attend....=\
I can't find anyone. 
I can't find anyone.  is everybody still sleeping??
i can't find anything good to eat 
i cant find deborahs twitter  x
I can't find Farrah's Story anywhere on the intarweb. 
I cant find it on amazon  help me @Rachel_Erin
I can't find it!  Hwanhee - Light Love, anyone?
I can't find Jade on here... 
i can't find JONAS show here. agggh! weird!   #jtv #onetvpcdotcom
i cant find lauren 
I can't find my Academy video!!!!   
i can't find my beret, my thickler, my ballpens and hanky! gaaaaaaaaaaadddd i need them tomorrow. 
I can't find my birthday wish list 
I can't find my camera  It's in one of these grown boxes. Not sure which. I'll have to steal pics from @raquelita Flickr stream again!! ;)
i can't find my camera chargers 
I can't find my camera cord thing 
I CANT FIND MY CAMERA USB CORD! And i dont want to go to work. 
i can't find my camera. 
i miss oklahomaaaaa  listening to citizen cope til i pass out.
I miss one of my friends 
I miss one of my friends so much 
i miss our gang so much , plus all the march coaches too !  and yeah. looking forward for next wekk 
I miss 'paint'... whats with all these high tech mac programs? 
I miss Patrick soooooo much  If only he'd realize that 
i miss people. i havnt hugged anyone in almost 2 weeks apart from crystal 
I miss petter pan  you know what i'm talking about , I miss you 
I miss photoshop.  Since I got a Mac I no longer have it. However, I'm loving my new $3 sunglasses. 
I miss Popworld 
I miss pretty ricky too  I love them, they didn't even come here.
I miss Princess be Carefull 
I miss prom  W/bubba though, cozy at home and gonna eat breakfast.
I miss Puerto Rican food  This Goya boxed rice will have to do.
I miss pussy   http://twitpic.com/7vtge
i miss quebec 
I miss quite a few people  sigh... I wish I could see the people I love right now 
I MISS RACHII ... WHY DID I DUMP HER  UGH!!! IM SUCH A TOOL  SOMEONE HIT ME
i miss rafa...RG quite not the same without him 
I miss Randy so, so much. 
I miss Rea 
i miss reece 
I miss regular old highschool, where they pat you on the back, &amp; give you a break when you have a tummy ache. No more college classes! 
i miss rene.. damn! 4 fucking hours from mendez!! :,,( i cnt qo another day without him... i miqht just qo crzy and kill myself 
I miss riny so much 
I miss S Club 7! 
I miss sabrina the teenage witch 
i miss sally chung!!!!  no more third period!
i miss salsa dancing 
I miss Sam.      It's too quiet around here without him and it's sad seeing his cage empty. I can haz piggeh? *sniff sniff*
I miss samah my cousin.....   She is like my sis and I miss her((( Hopefully she'll visit me soon Sniff
i miss San Jose already 
I miss Sean 
I miss seeing every single tweet from all the people I follow. 
i miss seeing fireflies..... 
I miss seeing my guinea pig everyday. 
I miss sekhar uncle working in that cake factory thing 
I Miss Selena  I Want You to come home Selly  =[
I miss SEMO Sunday brunches  I would LOVE to go to it right about now.
I miss Shane a lot! I thought about him all day long 
i miss shelby 
I miss shinethief.  &lt;/3 *makes silent vow to make paypal account and buy a new domain from Kelsey asap*
i miss shirley 
I miss shopping!!!  but I shall NOT buy any piece of clothing until I'm back to my pre-pregnancy size.
I miss sitting in the back.  I miss the triangle last year. 
i miss skate boarding so much 
I CANT FIND MY CAMERAAA D: 
I can't find my charger. 
i can't find my cheetos 
I can't find my chungking express dvd 
I can't find my DMV paperwork and I have an appointment tomorrow. Ugh 
I can't find my earpiece/headfone to my phone.ughhh WTF I hate when ppl come in my rooom!  where are they?I NEED my MUSIC man(@ludajuice)
I can't find my engagement ringgg 
I can't find my fake mustaches  I guess I could just grow one.
I can't find my GG cd!! I wanna cry  Can't find it, so i'm here. Internet again :O
i cant find my girls aloud boooook, i want cheryl to sign it 
i can't find my hairbrush  maybe this means i have to tidy my room...
i cant find my headset. 
I can't find my Ipod. that makes me sad 
i cant find my itouch for the 64577 billionth time n i need it to sleep 
I cant find my libretto  I put my schedule in it and now it is lost. son of a gun.
I can't find my notebookand I want to finish my script  why oh why does this always happen.....FML
i can't find my phone.  you'll all have to talk to me in person if you need me.
I can't find my post from an hour ago.  Guess TweetDeck is glitchy. 
I cant find my purple bow 
I can't find my shorts! 
I can't find my silly putty. 
I can't find my Sims 2 Nightlife disk  Bummer! I really wanted to play
I can't find my softball mit  sad day
I can't find my stapler.. bad times 
I can't find my sunglasses 
I can't find my tooth brush 
I can't find my Video Booth 2009 DVD 
I can't find my warped tour tickets 
I can't find nothin to wear to this damn graduation. 
i can't find one of my favorite bikinis 
I can't find the box of tissues..  Doctor later..finally!! 
I can't find the brief explanation of Aristotl'es theory of hylemorphism... 
I can't find the great vid of radar with diff angles, so i just settled for watching this one  http://tinyurl.com/d8h8bc
i cant find the mtv cribs  that has bird man flossin his shit and also the other one with the cashmoney manssion 
i can't find the second disc to the soundtrack from Cats. 
i cant find the sims 2 disc. this makes me very sad 
I can't find the sky remote.... 
i can't find the song w/ postal service !  @hayleyy1 oh and i have a surprize for you!
I can't find Tokio Hotel on the list anymore.  Are we failing?
I can't find translation program from Sue's Irish Tweets   Just skated twice round Maschee (about 14km all in I think). Ration yourselves
i can't fine JONAS show here. agggh! weird!  #jtv #onetvpcdotcom
I can't finish my paper... I don't know what I'm trying to say anymore... 
I CANT FIT EVERYTHING I WANT TO BRING IN MY SUITCASE 
I cant focus ,,,, I'm afraid  ..I have Phobia exams god Help me 
I can't focus in this weather. 
I can't follow fans anymore, something happened to my twitter, i can't follow anyone  Send me @replies though. I read all of them.
i need to stop getting sicko. you're not supposed to go to the doctor three times and STILL be sick. 
I need to stop letting myself think about where I am going to be in a year from now as it has begun to cause daily minor panic attacks 
i need to stop looking at pics of skinny girls becoz its makin me depressed 
I need to stop thinking about who im thinkin bout. Get outta my head!  evil person.
I NEED TO STOP TWEETING DURING THE AWARDS! CMT AWARDS 09. no i wasn't on the red carpet  sadly  NOT FAIR!
I need to stop watching the 24 hour news channels.  It's so depressing 
I need to study for my 8 hour FAA test tomorrow, but C won't let me 
I need to study for portuguese, but it's such a unsualess (I don't know if this word exists) subject. 
i need to study!! 
I need to study. 
i need to take a shower 
i need to take some nurofemln. The pain is resettling in 
I need to talk to desirey@dezz_mcr or maddie @xxmcr_ladyxx in private  and @luckytrinket text me!
I Need To Talk To Shauna... 
i need to twitter more often. work tonight 
i need to update this more lol i wish i had been at the grand ole opry tonight for reba 
i need to upload photos on twitpic, but it doesn't let me. aw  my net is slow freaking slow. and i am so pissed.  LOVE NATALIE!
I need to vacuum but I don't wanna. 
I need to vom or work out for 18 hours to make up for this wknd 
I need to walk my dog but I really can't be bothered but he needs a walk.  Someone do it for me.
I need to win the lottery 
I need to work on my BNI commercial- I never seem to say what I plan to say 
i need to work on my flexibility 
i need to write really bad. can someone go get my diary from my flat for me 
I need to write, but when i sit down the words just wont come 
i need twitter friends 
i need twitter lessons 
i need twitter on my phone!!! i need a new phone!!!! 
I need twitterberry back on my phone!! I can't twit pic w/out it 
i need vacations! hahaha i need to go to BRASILLL  i miss that place soooo much.
I need vanessa hudgens hair 
i need xbox live back 
I NEED YOU 
i need you back agine  pllllz come back i really miss you but you do not knoe
i need you boy,i could'nt live a day without you.. aww! ~~` i miss one 
i need you here with me for some fkn reassurance.. 
I need you here, holding me 
i need you i want to youu knooww 
i need you now, do you think you can cope? you figured me out. i'm lost &amp; i'm hopeless, i'm bleeding &amp; broken...i've come undone. 
i need you to register for a class so i can see if theres a waiting list cause I can't since i'm on probation  its limiting my potential
I miss sleeping, getting up in the morning and feeling rested. 
I miss slushiepuppy sooooooo much... she has called lots and I wish she wasn't bored... 
I miss snow. I feel like I'm in a box 
I miss some friends real bad. 
I miss someone so badly, it hurts  (no, its not my brother altho i do miss him, yes)
i miss spencer's tweet 
I miss summer 
i miss summer school 
i miss sunbathing and teabiscuits at clyde wind 
I miss sunshine! Rite now, i usually wake up at 4 pm above. Last morning, i woke up at 6 pm above! Woah! 
i miss talking to You and sing songs about You 
I miss tally 
I miss Texas 
I miss texting my friends. I don't have prepaid credits. 
i miss th 
I miss the #TalkingHeads. It's a crime that they don't make music anymore. 
I miss the abundance of readily available climbing walls in England 
I miss The Academy Is... 
i miss the after meeting (free) lunches in the city. new mtg people do their own thing after the mtg. 
i miss the babies.  
I miss The Blues Playing!  I cant Wait For October!
i miss the boy.  looks like an afternoon in the park with col and then an early bedtime. sad face.
i miss the Chanooooooooo  BAHAHAHA ))) ngeun lang..
i miss the china man western foodstall at hollandv market  his veryverybellynice fried rice is muchly missed.
I miss the circus.  can't wait to go back in September!!!  http://twitpic.com/7p2dt
i miss the days when i wouldnt get in trouble for stupid things like making little comments  probably not ok but i cant say anything  ):
I miss the days when the lunch hour at work was a social occasion and the highlight of my day.  We're all busy now!
I miss the days when work used to be soo fun and relax 
i miss the debbbbbbbbbb 
I miss the Doctor Who regular series. 
i miss the dolls already 
I miss the dorm.  It's too bloody hot here and it was always freezing there.
I miss the earrings I lost in Patrick Lunn's car more and more each day. lololol  &lt;3
I miss the food in Italy!!! Whenever I come back from Italy &amp; eat the food here, I feel awful for the first few days....  Need to go back!
I miss the Format  they need to come back and at least tour one more time so I can see them again
I miss the freedom of teasing my hair as high as I wanted in missouri. No one teases their hair in california 
I miss the Gorge.  But, not Stefan's hairdo.
i miss the gym! 
I miss the hell outta Chicago...  
I miss the holidays already  soooo tired just want to go back to bed!
i miss the hundreds 
i miss the jokes and making fun of ppl and throwing ideas for songs, movies, and shows at eachother the most.  that'll never go away... 
i miss the jonas brothers so much cant wait to see them on august 8 
I need you..  JOSEPH ADAM JONAS!
I need your shit. Oh, and we all SUPER miss Danielle. 
I needa be watching this movie with my duck. 
I needa drink 
I needa go to japan already  Ughh
i needa start drivers ed soon  im almost 16 and a half and i havent started shit.
i needa stop drinking  caliente was liveeee =] lol . i gotta piss . ughh .
I needed help with something today and realized I don't have any real friends, the kind that come over when you need something.  
i needed someone to rely on, you worked out for me, and youll never be that for me 
I needs a job. so much merch I wanna buy but because I'm poor I can't. 
i needs a nap... damn i'm sleepy... and cold.. my husband is an air-conditioning freak!!! i SWEAR it's -2 in here!!! 
I needs a new rubiks cube  anyone got any reccomendations on where to get a new one?
I needs a tiller. I plan poorly. 
i needs me a hug 
I needs people to follow STAT! the updates are mounting :O QQ at the 8 followers. Its ok I'm an underappreciated religion 
I needs to tell captain things of awesome and stuffs... 
i needz my prescription refilled like asap..lol my stash iz gittn uncomfortably low!!! 
i neeed a blackberry asap! 
i neeed a early night 
i neeed help finding a new nose ring 
I neeed Yooou!  Paniiiiic! :O
I neeedd that green shadessss 
I neeeed to go home and get ready!!!! 
i neeeed to see you 
i neeeeed plans. no one can hang out tomorrow. booo. 
I NEEEEEED to lay down, ASAP! My stomach feels like tagvhjdsgsafgvhbkdldh 
i neeeeeeed a starbucks. its been so long since i have had one   booooo, that sucks big time- epiclly... i love you mcfly muchly much.
I neeeeeeed to pee 
I neeeeeeeed bed. 
I neeeeeeeed home 
I never asked to be locked in a bathroom with five other people, a pug, a small mutt, and a headache! 
I Never been kissed like that... and he is the man that i love, and the man that i lost today 
I Never can say Goodbye 
I never even got to meet @calanan in person 
i NEVER EVER wanted to have surgery in my whole life but i have to have surgery   for my gallstones
I never expected this, but I am actually starting to feel left out in the Muslim community, I'm just another lonely Muslim Revert 
I can't follow people today on Twitter. i don't know why! 
I can't forget the times when you make me feel warm 
I can't forgive myself.. What can I do now.. 
I CANT FRIGGIN WAIT FOR THE HILLS SEASON FINALE ON SUNDAY! but i dont want it to be Lauren's last episode....that makes me sad 
I can't from my phone  but I'm turnin my laptop on right now @modelcharityluv
i can't fuckin' sleep!!!! ARGH!!!! 
I can't fucking concentrate with this damn heat!  Cooler is so not doing it's job.  
I cant fucking sleep. 
I can't fucking sleep. So I started thinking, and I found my one and only regret and then it put me in a bad-ish mood 
I can't get a fucking break. Stuck in Illinois now. With a bent rim  terrys going to be pissed  http://twitpic.com/61h6w
i can't get a picture to show up 
I cant get any bandaids to stick to the palm of my hand 
i cant get better  i feel worse everyday  @dangerfish12
I can't get bored. Because when I get bored, I like to watch TV. And when I watch TV, I like to eat 
I cant get comfortable 
I can't get enough lemonade tycoon ahhh! Where'd the beautiful morning go??  #fb
I can't get internet on my laptop. 
i can't get it to send messages to my phone 
I can't get my contacts out 
i can't get my estes hydrogen rocket to launch  -fail-
I can't get my Horeur shirt until next week.  I really hope they're not sold out by then!
I cant get my stupid picture to work! 
I cant get no sleep...! Cant get comfortable. Stupid back. 
I can't get on Google for some reason, page isn't loading for me  Need ma' Gmail!
I can't get on my yahoo mail guys  I think some1 hacked me because my pass was working fine earlier!!
I cant get on to the facebook page :S   how annoying!
i cant get onto the internet from my account  something about virus threat something. i need to reformate my comp but i dont know how.
i cant get out of bed and i have to be at saks in an hour. YAY. 
I CAN'T get rid of this headache...smh 10hrs and counting 
I can't get science in my head so boring 
I can't get tethering to work on my hacktivated unlocked iPhone 2G 
I can't get the new iPhone update until my phone arrives from Michigan 
I can't get the new uber twitter 2 work on my phone!!!  it won't even open
I can't get the twitter widget for facebook to work 
I can't get the videos uploaded just now   They will be amazing
I can't get this essay to start 
I can't get this permenant marker blob off my laptop 
i cant get this to work on my bebo 
I miss the KFC in the Philippines!  KFC is different here...
I miss the lake 
I miss the legend that was Johnny Cash. 
I miss the little boxes opening on weeds 
I miss the margarita mix and am becoming depressed that my water isn't a margarita 
i miss the mighty boosh and flight of the conchords 
i miss the nice time with you,i miss the time that everything whas oke between us  what im trying to say is im just missing you .. 
i miss the of your voice 
I miss the old apartment. 
I miss the old days, when the trending topics were about computers and not twilight...  whatever...
I miss the old Manson 
i miss the old neopets that i went on when i was like 7 
I miss the old... HA, HA. I can't tell that person's name. 
i miss the 'on the way down' ryan cabrera 
I MISS THE PEOPLE I HUNG OUT WITH IN HIGH SCHOOL, especially during lunch. And I miss my &quot;children&quot; (no, not Days anaks, just &quot;anaks&quot;). 
I MISS THE PHILIPPINES!!! I WANNA GO THERE RIGHT NOW 
I miss the pink wedgie woman 
I miss the prairie. 
I miss the rain.  @dcodella i have never done that
i miss the realsuri 
I miss the school, there i see my best friends every day 
I miss the sims 
i miss the Soulja Boy dance... 
i miss the sun!! #fortworth has been soo gloomy the past few days 
i miss the sunshine. 
i miss the times we almost shared..whoever said its impossible to miss what you never had, never almost had you... 
I miss the Tonight Show with Jay Leno... 
i miss the v's already 
i miss the way he talk to me on the phone, he drive the car, he smoke, he laugh, and many many things I can't find in this hell 
I miss the weekend already  dont want to work wish i was homer simpson  lol
i miss the weirdest things about him, my bed was cold and lonely last night, i cant bully my technology into submission the way he can 
I miss the winter already 
I miss The Wiz cast  &lt;3
I miss them already.  
I miss them so bad 
I miss them so much that it hurts. 
I MISS THIS GIRL SO MUCH.  Can't wait to live together next semester!
I miss this place  http://tinyurl.com/ots9xu
I miss thomas 
i miss those perfect hands too. i do, i do 
I miss Tim Russert 
i miss tom  stupid cars going round in stupid circles
I miss Trevor more now that he's over seas. Tough being in love with an airman. 
I miss Trixie cat 
i miss tucson 
i miss tweeting 
i miss tweeting. 
I never feel earthquakes 
I never felt summer (and it's almost over)... It's always raining 
I never found out if my hat was on straight... 
i never get any @replies i feel so lonely   this tweet is pure boredom while the JB chat is loading lol :p
I never get ill what wrong with me? Its all come at once 
I never get service in this hospital 
i never get the respect i deserve... 
i never get to play the com. for more than 30 minutes each weekend now 
i never got any cherries 
I never got the nursery job  And I thought things were looking up... Just aswell I didn't go to school today! -woke up at 10 past 1.
I never got to say goodbye and walk you!!!!!!!  Are you in Cali this summa?
i never had a cool nickname @ skool, i feel sad 
I never knew how painful cutting a wisdom tooth could be. My entire mouth hurts and I have a killer headache 
I never knew prune juice was so yucky 
I never knew that not having a tv in my room would cause relationship strains. I just wanna lay in bed &amp; cuddle &amp; sleep &amp; he wants tv. 
I never know about family events 
i never learn 
I never learn that being awake the whole night leaves you tired for days.  tomorrow I will be up at 5am.
I never learn...... 
I never lied and I was always legit with him. He dumped me anyway. There is nothing I can do to change his mind. 
I never meet people when I go out 
i never met kevin costner last night. in fact, i didn't even see him on stage. 
I never realized how horrible I am at tetris 
i never realized how much crap i had until i tried to pack it all up into cardboard boxes.... ugh this is going to take forever  
i cant get to sleep 
I can't get to sleep 
I cant get to sleep and im hungry  not a gd combination lol
I can't get Tweetdeck or Twitter to cooperate with me.   #mmwanted
i cant get twitter on my blackberry!  i hate my job and waking up before 10 am
i cant get twitter on my phone. 
I Can't Get TwitterBerry 
I can't get updates on my phone from other people for some reason 
I can't get what happened to that couple from Ventura out of my head.  
I cant give @jertronic any bday nudges. 
i cant go  http://freeflashtoys.com/KVV3
I cant go back to $leep 
I can't go back to sleep. Why am I up and running off of like less than 3 hours of sleep? I have to babysit today.  Hope I don't pass out
i cant go downstairs.  my older brother had decided to bring in alot of friends while my mam and dad are out :@
I can't go on the comp. My mouse broken. 
I can't go out, I'm sick... cough, cough. 
I can't go see @ddlovato tomorrow unless I can pull a freaking miracle. And that miracle would be finding money and a ride from RI. 
I can't go to Dia del E today. Didn't wake up early enough... @trishopping I wanna go to Chinatown... 
I cant go to either 
I can't go to sleeeep 
i cant go to sleep 
i can't go to sleep 
I can't go to sleep  someone punch me out
I can't go to sleep until tech support emails me back 
i can't go to sleep!  i keep thinking about the future... =/
I can't go to the Gathering 
I can't go to Youth Service! 
I can't handle so much social interaction  I wish sammy was here &lt;3
I can't hang out with you guys tonight it's my sisters birthday... she's going out tonite but I have to work early tomorrow    idk
I can't has sleep 
I can't have any pets in the appartment I really want, so no rat yet. 
I can't hear again 
I can't hear anything on BlogTalkRadio 
I can't hear in one ear! Whats going on! 
I can't help but be jealous of the people who watched David Archuleta + David Cook last night. 
I can't help but feel sorry for the people of Iran; I don't think they're going to be able to change anything 
I miss twitter. I had to take twitterberry off the BB. Then tinytwitter nor ubertwotter would work  I feel naked. Sooo sad!
I miss u @lpants  
I miss u Sheii 
I miss u sis 
i miss u trace 
i miss u twitter  haha all day without make tweets :S haha hi 
I miss u..But we shall meet someday In the kingdom where angels kiss.. To chase the clouds away...Happy Father's day... 
i miss uncle nonoy 
I miss uni so much i need my ensuite and the kitchen gatherings 
I miss US 
I miss UVgay 
I miss Vancouver already  so many fun things to do!
I miss Vegas  I felt so free and so bloody relaxed. Still can't believe I left a week ago Friday
i miss velvet  gotta go back next sunday!
i miss vic! he needs to come home soon!  
I miss Vicky already...  Give her back!
I miss vlogcandy  I hope things go back to normal soon
I miss vocal lessons 
i miss waking up to my husband  only ten more days!
I miss waking up to the ocean 
I miss warlord bush 
I miss watching basketball. 
i miss watching buffy with my hannah. 
I miss watching Chelsea Lately....gotta find a place to download it from every night 
I miss watching csi: miami marathons 
I miss watching Rocko's Modern Life. 
i miss watching rove and it was only last night since i watched it 
I miss watching the AI season 8 top 10 finalists..... 
i miss when @jennettemccurdy didnt have like 34923433 followers and actually used to reply back 
I miss when my mommie would tuck me in every night till I was 12. 
I miss when you could chat to people withought someone trying to sell you something 
I miss working at the airport.   
I miss writing but I just don't seem to have the time any more 
I miss yall though 
I miss yenny 
i miss yesteryear 
I miss yoga class. 
I miss yorkshire already 
i miss you      te extrano mucho
i miss you  ......
I Miss You  ?
I miss you  good night and sweet dreams
I miss you ... I must admit 
I miss you @jillbanana! 
i miss you @nataliababbyy and @tayylorrrrxoxo 
I miss you @nicksnider  I need a good tooting night
I miss you @valmontes 
i miss you all the time, but i'm blocking it out...   
i miss you alot 
-i miss you alot too.. 
I miss you already.  Goodnight! Swimming class tomorrow, hope that I'll float! ) I MISS YOU! 
i miss you and wanna see you 
I MISS YOU BABS!!! 
I miss you but you don't miss me 
i never see people over summer vaction 
I never thought I could miss San Diego this much.... I think I'm hollow inside without it.... I miss home 
I never thought I would live the day when I wouldn't  really miss playing video games... Until now 
I never thought I'd cry this much at the end of the school year. 
i never thought i'd say this, but i really miss the featured videos on the @youtube frontpage 
I never thought my first time sitting courtside at the garden would be for. WNBA game  - at least they have Henny and Apple Juice for me..
I never thought that chugging half a bottle of water would make my stomach feel really funky 
I never thought that I would feel identified with 'Black Keys' 
i never thought that this holiday would be such a  boooooorrriiingggg holiday 
I never tweet.      Twitter just isn't entertaining 
I never want this to end!!!!  #ASOT400
I never want to fall asleep, i had a bad dream last night 
I never want to leave.  If only I could build a life here.
I never want to present my gov paper, trupia is being too brutal when asking questions 
I never watched Jon &amp; Kate + 8, but I am sad that they are divorcing - those poor kids 
I never win raffles. But I won the raffle @ Dulce for the Culture Crawl! What did I win? A tie and a pocketsquare! No $700 handbag for me 
I nicked L's fingertip while cutting his nails.  Thankfully, he smiled and laughed instead of crying.
i no  say hi to soph and rach for me
I no im not complaining you the one who dont want to stay up with me 
I no im pissed off wen Gilmore Girls doesn't make me laugh! 
I no longer have an apartment. 
I no longer love matrices.  Right now I wish I had a calculator for a brain
i no right hahahahaaa i seen joe!! lmaoo and i seen all ur text msg'z u sent him lmao but they all left just now 
I no wanna go to work today 
I miss you Cindy... Why aren't you running by the potomac river watching movies be filmed about conspiracies and power here in D.C. 
I miss you Daddy. 
I miss you girls! 
i miss you goooddeemiiittt !!!! 
I miss you guys. 
i miss you honey ! like a lot ! 
I miss you Jamie. 
I miss you joseph! 
I miss you like the deserts miss the rain 
I miss you marin  I'm just a little too not over you.
I miss you mom 
i miss you more 
I miss you more than ever... and the signs are clear right underneath your nose... but you won't look down... 
I miss you more. 
I miss you Ms. Midori, i really do 
i miss you my sis Debbie :'( im missing you so MUCH !!!! i wanna be with you one more time !!!! 
I miss you poppy I wish I got to say goodbye  @mileycyrus your I miss you song is so beautiful xoxo
I miss you Pria (Selina)... 
I miss you quite terribly 
I miss you shane 
I miss you sister!!!!!!!   @Aleditt
I miss you so much @criistina26 you have no idea... 
I miss you so much @leoncitobonito, i wish you could be here 
i miss you so much lali 
i miss you so much, why do i have to wait so long just TO SEE YOUR FACE? you know how i'm trying to get close to you 
i miss you so much. http://i43.tinypic.com/23m1uvp.jpg rest in peace  http://twitter.com/thisisjaii/statuses/1933103299
I miss you sometimes 
i miss you soo bad fellas 
i miss you soo much 
i miss you sooo much 
i miss you too !   
i miss you too much 
I miss you too..  But at this time we can't change it... it's so difficult... i love you &lt;3
I miss you Tunisia , And I miss my Family !  I want to go in Tunisia NOW !! :'(
I miss you twitter 
I MISS YOU! Come back to me. 
I miss you! I miss what we had! I want to go back to the one special night. 
I miss YOU!! 
I miss you, E5 
I miss you, Johnnie 
I miss you, Luca 
I miss you, you know 
i miss you,i miss your smile 
I miss you. And it sucks that I'm not even allowed to. I miss you so much.... 
i miss you... hope you're back now 
i miss you................. 
I miss you.Stay by my side right now  boohoo!!!
i miss your bed, i can never sleep 
I Miss Youu  Laptop 
i missd da days when everyone wasnt polo  i was uniqueeeeeeeeee
I missed #bsgrewind at 7p and a YIM chat conference with some old friends at 8p. 
I MISSED 11:11 AGAIN  http://tumblr.com/xiq22tols
I missed 11:50 
i missed a 21st party due 2 exams  sucks!!
i missed a call from my mother AGAIN!!!!!!!!  she is somewhere in Lhasa (travelling) !!  
I missed a full day of #teched09 today 
I can't help but keep feeling sad about all these hounds losing their homes 
I can't help but to feel bad cuz Reba feels bad 
I can't help it if I'm a GRAMMAR NAZI! 
I can't help wondering if they were delivered so late because of the area I'm living in?  When did everyone else get theirs?
I can't high five for a while.  If you gotta hit me up with one, we gotta do it southpaw.
I can't hold dishes or spell tonight. 
I can't imagine the suffering experienced by the families of the children killed in the Mexican daycare fire. My heart goes out to them. 
I can't install Tweetdeck on my laptop because it thinks Adobe Air isn't installed. 
I cant its to late to ask.  amd i have to babysit in the morning. :'( tomorrow?
I can't keep my eyes open anymore 
I cant kill the people in my house even if i want to they are fixing my furnace  I just don't want to be up this early unnecessarily.
I can't leave my house...but I have to..and since I have to I won't be able to get back in!!!! 
I can't let this happen again. no no no no. everyone's right, aren't they? 
I can't listen to down or knock you down without tearing up   @%#$*!
i cant live without my neighbors 
I can't live without you, i love you...You're so far far away..  it makes me so fking sad..:'(
i cant load a photo 
I can't log in to Twitter  If anyone wants to speak to me I'll be at Friendfeed and Facebook. (via... http://ff.im/-42lom
I can't login to the &quot;chat&quot;!   @ButterflyB   (Butterfly Boucher live &gt; http://ustre.am/3boJ)
I cant lose her..I CANT!!  &lt;*Broken*&gt;
I can't make it this Friday for Spanish vs Mandarin Session , sorry!  I miss u ! 
I can't make mi gorang 
i can't make up my mind on what to wear 
i can't move my head, I tweeked my neck... 
I can't move my neck. The pain increased from yesterday. What's wrong with me 
i can't open facebook on my notebook  how can it was being weird like that? does it something wrong with my notebook or the site??
I Cant Open My Mozilla Firefox  Eeeeeekkk 
i cant order blizzcon tickets from my blackberry!! dammit  sadface!
I can't play diablo without eventually hacking everything. It's a curse 
i cant play guitar  my fingers r cramming evrytime i hold on the fretts, it hates me :O
i cant play my sim3! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
i cant play the new moon trailer... 
I can't possibly wait 3 more days to see him 
I can't promise that Jourden.. Honestly i can't 
i cant put a pic up....they say its 2 big 
I can't put overtherainbow couse that name have taken 
I normally don't remember dreams this well. It's weird.  A lot of places were recombinations of places I've lived in Baltimore.  Strange. 
I note the iTweetDeck does not 'do' Landscape  or FF or IGO.
I notice i've been blogging a lot less lately. 
I noticed we r not eating as much as i wanted to 
i now dedicate blink 182s i miss you to @ionlydrumnaked  i miss you.
I now has 3 FB accounts under my jurisdiction. FINALLY including mine. (Because a certain someone was abusing it   )
i now have 2200mg of painkilers in me ;  .
i now have 3 new videos on my ipod, i delted a few so i could replace them 
I now have 92 of the 1197 songs i had before @kylet09 ate them. 
I now have a wet ass due to the fact it rained and our seemingly dry patio chairs kept the water inside them 
I now have about 200 cans of beer in my garage  oh well, watching 'The Hills' season 5 finale 
I now have lackies for my braces...fml 
I now have my new phone woo...i also have a throat infection 
I now have The Sims 3. R.I.P social life 
I now have to hide 2 stuffed animals from tessie. cuz she found out Ville talks and tried to bite the button in his paw. 
i now know the true meaning of when &quot;when it rains, it pours&quot; 
I now know what a train hitting a person sounds like 
i now know why i haven't been getting much sleep. my little man is sick and so wont settle. least its not that bad  thank god
i now need a memory card reader 
I now pay on 5 different insurance policies, but I have no money left for groceries for my 2 sons and I! 
I now realize, I can't live w/o my lens. 
I missed a postal special delivery and now on Saturday I have to go pick it up 
I missed a storm!?!? 
I missed Alex going live AGAIN!  ugh.
I missed an event today that I would have wanted to go to if I had known it was today. 
I missed an live chat with Selena Gomez 
I missed April 30th. I am a bad heathen. I really need to swot up again  Will spend the rest of the day feeling sorry for myself.
I missed Bing preview code 
I missed breakfast today.. 
I missed Cake Boss  thankfully they replay it. I love that show sooo freaking much.
I missed church today      I wounder what the topic for the day was?
i missed commemorating my 2222nd update 
i missed conan last night :*( .... pretty sad 
I missed Conan's first night as Tonight Show host.  Oh well, Up in 3 dimensions was worth it.
I missed DirecTV  ... cuz they came earlier than they were supposed to ... tomorrow we'll try again!
i missed doing my private bzns at home  [e.g. stalking. lol.lol]
i missed flawless's performance  but i really wanna see it cause i saw the judges comments and they gave them a standing ovation! :O
i missed follow friday again   goodnight.
i missed guitar practice  summer is going to be hard
I missed it! 
I missed it... 
I missed jonas and demi tonight. It was a once in a lifetime opportunity and i missed it. 
I missed JT on SNL and I hate myself for it 
i missed larry king  and i heard @jonasbrothers admitted having girlfriends! watching it as soon as in comes up on youtube...
i missed mass today what will i do now 
i missed masterchief  the best 1 . does any1 know waat happened ?
i missed monday movie madness 
I missed most of SNL 
I missed my 100th update. I was going to have a special Tweet for that one  #peterfacinelli
I MISSED MY 2,000th TWEET  see you @fionaaa_ :')
I missed my 3000th update  well here's my 3005th update
I missed my 365 yesterday. 
I missed my 9am exercise class this morning.  I just couldn't wake up and I was so looking forward to it. Let the self-hate begin.
I missed my bus!! Shit sucks 
i missed my Cara tonight passed out after kickboxing  talked to the boy today hes the best xoxox
i missed my dad so much 
I missed my dentist appointment  but praise God I was able to schedule one tm 
I missed my friend's birthday party. I feel bad and douchey. I haven't seen her in over a year. 
I MISSED MY FRINED'S WEDDING TODAY  I GOT LOST! DAMN U GPS!!
i missed my lunch bcoz of a meeting,now i missed my dinner  also by meeting the same person. feeding on bun again 
I missed my phone for the past 4 hours. [It was dead] 
I missed my Sis last nght 
I missed OM&amp;M on Stickam. 
i missed out on seeing blur do a secret rehersal tonight &amp;will also miss there gig on saturday.it makes me so sad 
I can't reach my Johnnie.  I am worried!   Haven't heard from him since around 430!  WTF?!
i can't read cause im getting headaches and i can't concentrate, i can't read my favourite saga now 
i cant read new moon yet  *cries*
I can't really hear all too well 
I can't recall the last time I was this sick  actual hurts to move and breath and exist and I have about 10 essays due this week ;(
I can't remember the last time I slept in until 11. It was very nice! Getting ready then off to work on the group project... boo. 
I can't remember their voices 
I can't revise much more, which is a shame cause I've only done a few pages 
I can't save the design!! why! why! 
I can't say that I'm a fan of Sundays!! 
I can't see a bleeping thing today  
I cant see HIMYM  hate winzip... (
I can't see my @brigrl26 anymore.  It is stuck back from last week and doesn't refresh... so I don't see when anyone @brigrl26 at me 
I can't See My Followers!!!!   
I can't see some of Solo's (ya'll know her rite...lol.) updates...  lol I have to go to her profile...  ))
I can't see the fly with me video  gonna see land of the lost and then gonna see a wrestling ppv but that's why we have YouTube 
i can't seem to access Restuarant City due to some internet / javascript problem... 
I can't seem to do anything right today. 
i can't seem to fall asleep 
i can't seem to get into big brother this year i usually love it but im not too keen on it this time round 
i cant seem to get my pic to download on here 
I can't seem to register to Phtwitters 
I can't seem to sleep 
I can't seem to take a nap 
i can't send/receive text messages! i will not be textually active until my phone starts behaving  i'll let you know when..
I can't shake this down mood today and not sure where it came from  in Portland, OR http://loopt.us/mRoLAA.t
I can't shake this sleepy feeling! ... must not be sleeping well 
I cant sign into to twitter o my web on my phone 
i can't sing the rap beat 
I cant sleeeeeeeeeep! im goin to snuggle up with my dog on the sofa n watch whatevercrap is on tv 
i cant sleeeeeeeeep 
I can't sleeeeep  gonna be exhausted later.
i cant sleeeeep. and my head hurts. and i want someone to take care of me 
i cant sleep 
i cant sleep    sad face
I can't sleep  - &quot;Stepbrothers&quot; is too funny... &quot;I'm going to fill a pillow case with bars of soap and beat the shit out of you&quot;
I now really really really have to starve myself, until I can get some work and sell the stuff I don't need anymore 
i now smell of deep heat 
i now the dye was cheap so it turned back brown 
I now understand why people choose to run away. Why they choose to be homeless. And why they choose to commit suicide... 
i nvr wanna lose u. u r very important to me    lovey'all
I object to channel surfing &amp; finding full on sex scenes on 2 of the 4 channels we get in our home.I wish History Channel was free. 
I offered a one-day-workshop yesterday: web 2.0 for language teachers. After lunch no internet access 
I OFFICIALLY * HATE * BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!!!!!!!!!!
I officially am selling my truck: http://austin.craigslist.org/cto/1202418420.html 
I officially don't have a phone anymore...  anyone have an old verizon phone they don't use?
I officially got zero game 
I officially hate Mum's new employees. 
I officially hate teething... 
i officially have a crush on dwayne johnson (the rock) even though hes way older than me...oh well!!!!... dimples are my weakness! 
I officially have my apartment.... But can't move in for another week cause the truck  Needs new brakes 
I officially have nowhere and nothing to do..... I'm awfully bored 
I once again lost my voice this really sucks 
I ONLY GET 1 CONGRATS!  I DID IT NIGGAS
i only got 4 followers! major kelian! 
I only got 9 hour this week for work! 
I only got a nibble out of my cookie before I tasted (smelled?) the PB, so @ericmblog ate my cookie 
I only got two followers 
I only had 4 hours of sleep and i woke up at 4am? wtf? haha. i cant go back to sleep anymore... 
i only had 6 hours of sleep 
i only had them switched on for @tommcfly @Dannymcfly @dougiemcfly @mcflyharry but i'll miss getting them! &amp; I'm so ill 
I missed out on Sonic Youth tickets 
I missed out on swimming 
i missed paul mccartney's bday 
i missed rihanna and chris brown, not together, just their music. what's summer gonna be like without a hit like distrubia from her! ahh 
I missed Rob 
i missed sarah and anthony's wedding!  sorry @kenshinwanderin &amp; @trouble2111
I missed SNL.  oh well.. about to go to bed. Can't wail till i get to go to the beach.
I missed so you think you can dance  But starting next week I wont be cause my new days off are wednesdays!
i missed someone right now. 
I missed someone tonight... 
I missed Steve Aoki @ Icon. no bueno 
i missed talkin to my JAY BAY BAY today...im pretty freakin sad 
i missed that steve-o shit  boooo !
I missed the 1st 30 minutes   #IACGMOOH
I missed the bl***y bus!!!!!!!!   
I missed the call 
i missed the coolest sleepover... huaaaaa  :'(  :'(
I missed the Duel 2 reunion show  crapppp. I have to get up at 6am... Dare I stay up &amp; wait for it to come on again?
i missed the first half hour of hatching pete 
I MISSED THE GYM TODAY.  I FEEL GUILTY
i missed the hills but the mtv movie awards are on tv tomoro night so yay !! eventho i wonnt see it  cuz im guna be away 4 threeweeks.. 
I MISSED THE HILLS SEASON FINALE!!   
I missed The Kin in Nashville  sometimes being the boss sucks!
I missed the last episode of Jay Leno!!!!  oh well...i guess i'll watch it online tomorrow...Tonight Show will not be the same...
i missed the latin jazz festival fuck my liiiiife 
I missed the math trade 
I missed the sales for the blink 182 concert in Toronto!  can somebody help me?
I missed The Sounds on Letterman last night!  can I watch it online?
i missed the start of Borat!!!! dammitttttt  lol
I missed them at Pinkpop the Festival unfortenately :s  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7hb42
I missed this [http://tiny.cc/Faa4J] today by not going into the city.. 
I missed True Blood last night 
I missed Tux Paint Day   If you have kids, install Tux Paint and suddenly you have more free time  http://cli.gs/QhJr7n
I MISSED TWITTER 
i missed updating in school 
i missed watch 17 again with @NesyaAstie and @Jenkbel! 
I cant sleep   ughh;;
I can't sleep  and it's definitely not gonna work by counting to 100. Trust me, I just tried..
I can't sleep  F this!
I cant sleep  Idk why i feel like this
I cant sleep  just want this week to be over! Now!
i cant sleep  no fun
i cant sleep  watching nancy grace i love this show but sometimes she gets on my nerves..shes such a drama queen..worse than me.
i cant sleep  watching the tracey fragments... *C*
I can't sleep  what can I do..??
i cant sleep  what to do
I can't sleep  WHY!!!!!
i cant sleep . 
I can't sleep .... n I feel so bad  I need vacations right now, just 23 days
I can't sleep :| at alll. I'm like.. super super tired. but I'm awake singing untouched. where's my home boy at? 
I cant sleep again. I wish someone was awake 2 keep me company 
i can't sleep AGAIN... exam at 9  dayum
I can't sleep and alex is knocked the fuck out 
I can't sleep and have to be up @ 6:45 
I can't sleep and I am bored. There's nothing good on the internet either. 
I can't sleep and I don't really want to go to my niece's birthday party today. I don't even feel good. 
I can't sleep and I don't really want to go to my niece's birthday party. I don't even feel good. 
i cant sleep and i miss my ipod. amongst other things. another devoured comic. i need heaps more. stupid dishevled comic section@borders 
i cant sleep and im up in 5 hours for work  euugghh!! wedding tomorrow night cant wait 
I can't sleep and need to wake up early for work 
i can't sleep and neither can my cat. we're both restless.  i think a scorpion stung my thigh. meh 
I cant sleep any longer 
I can't sleep at all  this is awful. What is wrong with me?
I can't sleep because every possible part of my right leg hurts. 
I can't sleep because I am too busy coughing 
I cant sleep because im thinking about the SAT tomorrow  help me!
I can't sleep because my tooth is in utter pain.... So I guess ill say Morning now, and only got 4 hrs of half sleep 
I can't sleep because of my migraine 
i cant sleep but i work early tomorrow.  
I can't sleep cause I'm worried about my mommy. 
I cant sleep cause my neck still hurts 
I can't sleep 'cause of my freaking cough. Aaah. My throat hurts so bad! 
I can't sleep i hate sleeping alone without john  i miss him so.
I can't sleep if Dave isn't in bed with me  I wish his ass would hurry up and get home!
I can't sleep in my bed there might be dead spiderrrrs 
I can't sleep past 5 am.. This isn't healthy. It's insomnia, for real 
I can't sleep twitter people 
i cant sleep ugghhh 
I can't sleep when it sounds like people are walking on my roof. 
I can't sleep with it being hotter in the house than it is outside!    stupid effing air conditioner wont cooperate &gt;
i only have $0.62 of iTunes credit 
I only have 1 follower 
i only have 14 followers.. hayy.. 
i only have 2 friends? 
i only have 36 minutes left on the internet  ill speed type.
i only have 474 updates. this is what happends when i don't have texting like everyone else 
I only have 6 followers. 
i only have 78 update.. well 79 now... thats soo pants 
I only have one follower thats sooo sad 
I only have one more bar on my phone 
I only have trouble sleeping when he's not home.  Bad dreams 
I only have two lunch buddies and they're both occupied today.  Burrito for one. 
I only hope that The @jonasbrothers can come with the new stage here to Argentina  because we (the fans) can be VERY close to them !!!!!!!
I only like building houses and killing them 
i only loved it coz of the trailer but not so much now 
I only needed to take it around the block a couple times before I realized how out of shape I am 
I only say that because YOU ARE ONE. hahaha. had fun at Lindsey's today and is gonna miss off season track sooo much 
I only slept about 40 minutes .. stayed at home cos I'm sick 
I only slept three hours and i have to work a 9 to 5 shift today. 
I only want gas money to get to nyc  and its not like I NEED a 2nd job, its just probably advisable. but I know it'd be a shitty one
i only wanted 3 of them  http://www.toputourworkon.com/kimberlizer/library/8xFRuphyxjhI.jpg
I only wish i can respond to everyone, but i'm trying to conserve my phone since they wont let us charge our phones 
I only wish she could play on a team. 
I opened my closet. Didn't find Narnia 
i opened the gate for mom then it rained so hard and im all wet...  it was fun... i wanna do it again... hahaha... the rain stopped... 
I ordered the Gospel Of The Flying Spaghetti Monster from Amazon and it's not here yet 
I over filled the cup  and my tea spilled everywhere.
I over-ate .... great.  
I missed Wes with his phone.He got grounded just for today.A day when I needed him the most! 
I missed White Rabbits at Johnny Brenda's last night?  Not cool.
I misses my bed  so sleepy!
i misses my boyfran 
i misss @hey3miiily and @KevinKyser 
i misss him   i feel so crap.
i misss morgan, i wish skool were back 
i misss my babyyyy 
i misss my bedd 
I MISSS MYYY BOYYYFRIIIEEENNNND  waahhh cant stop whining about that today
I misss sampson 
I misss youu  @mileyrayccyrus
I missss myy daddd!   hindi as in, dad yung dad ah. AHHAHA.
i misssss my phone 
I misssss you 
i misssss, my friends  summer better start getting fun quick!
i missssss bub!  45 to get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
I missssss my baby 
I missssssss all my guys 
I missssssss my boyfriend like tonzzzz 
i misssssssss my bf 
i miz textin 
I mizz my Mausi  Pleaze com back to me, Sweetheart...
I more drop the home-why are people booking jobs so late 
I most certainly think I might be getting strep 
i moved all the icon out and back in again and it still squashes them with a blank space on the far right 
I moved to 'the sunshine state' for a reason...6th day without it. 
I mowed today as the weather is not 2 be very good tomorrow. The mosquitoes made a meal out of me 
i murdered my computer. I'm not sure how i will survive now 
I must admit, I am jealous of the 88 degree weather in the A today and wish there was a heat wave in nyc 
I must be feeling a bit better today! My sense of humour is in full on &quot;strange&quot; mode. Energy still low, but I'm trying! Wife is now sick 
I must be immune to sleep meds... *yawn* 
I must be really nuts, I should be walking out the freaking door RIGHT NOW but I don't even have the kid up yet what is wrong w/me? 
I must be sick wen I dnt even have the energy to go to singing man wat is wrong with me 
I must be the only one with OS 2 on his iPhone 
I must check my school email every day.  Missed out on a friend's first rollerderby bout because of it.  
I must clean my room again  I am a horrible messy  But I can't consider  This is a disease 
I must confess that on some replies etc. I have failed to really obsorb the object or subject before I reply APOLOGIES 
I over-cooked my eggs.  
I overslept my alarms! Now pushing to work without breakfast and i'm already hungry. 
I overslept this morning (EXTREMELY rare for me, like it NEVER happens) &amp; missed the Transformers convention in Pasadena w/Ben. Boo!  
I overslept though so jenn and i didn't get to see the da vinci code which sucked and now i have no money so yeah maybe later.
i overslept! missed the shuttle service... have no choice but to commute big time! 
I overstayed in Long Beach...I need to study 
I owe alot of people money. Miles, Nat, little Ryan, my mum....Mark. 
I own 2 soldering irons. One was in my spares box. One in the protective holder of the soldering station. Guess which one I plugged in 
I paid rent; and my entire check is gone 
I park on this huge hill to avoid a ticket. . . I got a ticket today  fml
I partied a bit too hard and have an ugly hangover 
i partied like a rockstar all last night...my dumb ass is paying for it now  i'm sooooo tirrrrrrrrrreeeddddd!  
I passed by Jackson's door today. I knocked, but he wasn't home 
I passed out in the shower  .
I passed the last 4 Days in Summer (sunshine 24/7) in just around 300 miles away - and here at home it is still raining.... 
i passed with a D+  FML
i perfer george foreman grill i miss my grill  @starrahlicious
I phased out one of my pain killers 3 days ago - codeine based. pain is very bad and sad to think I may have to go back on it 
I phone 3.0 has deleted all my contacts. S Shitty apple! 
I phone lovers YOUR Phone just became obsolete  See what CNN Says) NEW Sheriff in town see who it is: http://theminiurl.com/fo99
I picked an awfully gray day to have off 
i picked up my cap and gown yesterday. that makes the fact that i graduate in 11 days all the more real. getting emotional 
I picked up my virtual tennis stuff today but no wig, bands or jacket 
I pity my sweetie for doing household chores...I wish I was there to help him... I am missing him so much! 
I CANT SLEEP WITHOUT MY LOVER!!!! 
i cant sleep without panties. ugh i just doesnt feel right!? 
i cant sleep without you 
I can't sleep! I thought I wasn't scared of earthquakes anymore but turns out I'm still terrified 
I can't sleep! WHY? because I am hungry!!!  ughhh lol lol
I can't sleep!!  watching the movie &quot;things we lost in the fire&quot;
i cant sleep!! and i want chinese food fries...im so hungry 
i can't sleep!! insomnia phase begins today! 
I can't sleep!!!!!!     I've been laying in bed for like an hour and nothing....  
I can't sleep, as always. 
I can't sleep, at all.  Text me and then I'll tell you stories. &lt;3
I can't sleep, boo!! I'm too awake, apparently... By the time I am tired it'll be bright out, 
I cant sleep, final in just a few short hours 
i can't sleep, I can't think, I'm not even relaxing. I have to room to work, no room to relax. my bedroom is my office &amp; my son's bedroom 
i can't sleep, somebody talk to me? 
I can't sleep, this is so darn frustrating. 
I can't sleep, ugh  
I can't sleep.  And Twitter froze my computer. :/
I can't sleep.  I haven't been sleeping good for 2 weeks now. I hate it
I can't sleep.  too much thinking for me tonight. Sighhh another one of those days where things just get you thinking.
I can't sleep. Between my son having nightmares  poor baby, and my allergies kickin my buttocks, I.....yep, you guessed it....can't sleep.
I can't sleep. Ever. I'm going to go to a doctor. . . Maybe. I would take sleeping pills, but I don't take any pills, ever. I want sleep. 
I can't sleep. I hate cryin. I just want things to be okay 
I can't sleep. I have the dog and cat on the bed, I ate a snack, and there's a movie playing soft in the background. Idk what to do 
I can't sleep. I miss my baby girl  she won't be seeing Mommy 'til Tuesday. Siiiiigh!
I can't sleep. Recently its been fine when I fall asleep but tomorrow I have to be up at 8:30 
I can't sleep. Womp womp 
I can't sleep.. In too much pain 
I can't sleep...  how do I make myself tired without thinking so much?
I cant sleep... Five hours of sleep wont be a good thing 
I can't sleep....and nobody twitts at night 
I can't sleep....I've never felt like this before and I don't want to ever feel like this again 
I can't smell anything - at all. I hate losing one of my senses.. 
I can't sms properly on the touchscreen. I'll miss my W595 baby.  Glad you're discharged so soon! ♥
I can't speak English!  [Well, a litter]. Huhuhu!!! ( . Every body don't understand Vietnamese
i can't spell and i probably won't be leaving work early 
I can't spell breakfast. Leave me alone 
I can't stand men sometimes... 
i cant stand seeing anyone cryin 
I can't STAND the noise my dog makes when she licks herself. I HATE IT, HATE IT, HATE ITTTTT. Yet she's on my bed doing it and WON'T MOVE 
I must do some work. I need to finish this essay and get started on my practical exam revision. Too tired 
I must get ready to go out, other halfs mate is taking me for a walk and talk.... dreading it 
I must go to bed. Teaching tomorrow, shooting thursday, teaching friday, weddings sat &amp; sun, shooting monday - friday, weddings Sat &amp; Sun 
i must go to school!!  byebye followers ;) xxx
I must have 100, oh well, PRAY for me  @theblackchurch I JUST DISCOVERED I'VE GOT 83 THINGS I NEEDto stop doing. pray for me.
I must have brought the Atlanta traffic with me to Charleston 
I must have woke up on the wrong side of the bed... hopefully today gets better 
I must know what remix of Britney's Gimme More they use in Britains Got More Talent  Anyone have any idea?
I must move my novel from the yahoo 360 blog to another site.Yahoo is closing 360.Lotsa work wasted there 
i must now depart for currys luton to do a hard days work while some people twitter all day long   SEEYA ALL LATER
i must read the redation Book! 
I must say school tomorrow will put me back from posting less twitters 
I must say Sony came out swinging just like Microsoft and Iam truly happy for that. Too bad no KH3 news 
I must say Sony came out swinging just like Microsoft and Iam truly happy for that. Too bad no KH3 news  #E3
I must say that my second choice, truthtakestime was already taken. 
I must start reading chapter 1 of my acc book. I haven't even been to my acc class and there's already an assigned reading!! 
i must take care, my body is heat-y and i have massive headache today  i didn't drink last night 
I must to stody &quot;Kejsarn av Portugallien&quot; by Selma Lagerl�f but I just feel lazy today 
I must to study &quot;Kejsarn av Portugallien&quot; by Selma Lagerl�f but I just feel lazy today 
I must work at once 
I MUSTA SLEPT THE WRONG WAY CUZ MY NECK IS JACKED UP!!! I NEEDA MASSAGE 
i my mom ignoring me.. 
I nearly cried when they found Allan. 
I ned 8 more followers 
I need $67 for Bob Dylan in Syracuse...pay check, come soon 
I need @tommcfly to get in twitter!!! come on wake up!! 
I need 2 hit the gym smh seen this stick figure of a girl at the BBQ last nite. Looked at her with envy in my eyes 
I need 2 plan &amp; save 4 future trips since my broke ass can't afford anything this summer! 
I need 2 see Twilight trailer again 
I need 20 mo dollars so i can go buy sims 3  who wants to loan me some money
I need a 2nd job.. 
I need a basic calculator for science but I don't think I have one, I only have 2 scientific calculators 
i need a best friend 
I need a big hug from you... just from you... I miss your smell.. I miss be with you in the dark days 
I need a BIG hug tonight 
I need a bigger ipod..  I only have 7.6MB left on it. I had to delete 90MB worth to make room for Baby Darling Doll Face Honey.
i need a bigger kitchen  how the hell am i supposed 2 function with one drawer? lmao
I need a bigger mp3 player... even if it pains me to say it 
I need a blankie  this trains an icebox
I need a boyfriend  http://twurl.nl/obaedb
I need a break,but haley doesn't want to sleep. 
I need a C compiler to install PECL packages?  Prod webserver FAIL  #ORLY?
I need a camera thats why I dont have a pic of myself! 
I need a cameraman to help me with setting up the lighting on my lil sony webbie 
I need a come dine with me buddy 
i need a comment off a SS member... im having withdrawals. 
I need a computer badly!!!! 
i need a cool swimming pool now...but i can't jump in!.......... 
I need a cuddle buddy 
I need a cuddle buddy... 
I need a date for a party on sat 
i need a day 2 myself by myself 4 myself in my home so i can cook up random shit like @thetesha82 and @keba85 then share it &amp; eat it 
I need a day to recover before returning to work 
I need a digital camera suggestion. My Canon sd600 died. 
I need a dream steamer! 
I need a drink 
i NEED A FLATiRON 
I need a footrub in the worst way. 
I Need a freaking adventure. 
I need a friend  haha
i need a friend that is kind and loyal to me and somone that i can trust and tell anything to, i dont have one of thos friends 
i need a friend to talk to real bad  ive just been feeling down lately
i need a friend to talk to right now  i just do.
I need a fucking job!  Why didn't I go to culinary school when I had the chance?  
I need a girl, the single life aint for me 
I need a glass of reisling right now... To bad it's Sunday...Atlanta sucks with that no alcohol sales on Sunday law 
i need a good cuddle 
I need a good dose of Nathan. 
i need a good hug right about now. and i'm missing my Bible  but i did go on the brooklyn bridge tonight. and eat a yummy omlette.
I need a good workout to kill this hangover! 
i need a hair cut 
I NEED A HAIR CUT!!!!!!! 
I need a haircut.  i need more weave too.  but im poor. 
I need a hangover cure 
I need a head board. I'm tired of hitting my head on my wall. 
i need a hot water bottle 
i need a hug fo real  i feel like crap. o well this is recession life fo ya
I need a hug tonight! 
I NEED A HUG!!! RIGHT NOW 
I need a hug!!!! 
I need a hug, so bad. 
i need a hug. I don't handle people dying well. someone talk to me, make it better. please 
I need a hug. My English homework made me sad 
I need a hug....    it's my bday.. and I damn sure can cry if I want to.. I'm a big boi now lol
i need a huge centre of mass to time travell....where can i get that? i basically need more time in hand 
i need a huggg 
I need a idea for a new video. Help!!! 
I need a Ipod or an iphone asap someone please help this poor white girl in utah 
i need a jb but i dread the fact that it will have to be retail this summer 
i need a job badly 
I need a job like asap ugh! 
I need a job like now 
i need a job! 
I need a job!! Why won't anyone hire me? 
I need a job.  
I need a job.  But there aren't any jobs like, anywhere.  Feck.  I'd really like a job at the library, but the one job they had is gone. 
I need a job...  
I need a lazy day 
I need a life's supply of water and a few asprin. 
i need a little time 2 think and i just don't have it; feeling  but dunno y; i need a lil time alone; but they never let me have that
I need a LONG vacation with my husband, @shane1411, but the only thing about vacations is you always have to come back! 
I need a lot of thoughts today I lost my grandaddy this morning 
I need a mac.. Seeing how the jailbreak software is already out on it... 
i need a macro lens  stop being so freaking expensive fun photo stuff!
I need a manga to read. 
I need a massage  hard day 
i need a massage yall, or just a backrub 
I need a massage!!! 
I need a massage, big time 
i need a massage...such sore muscles  stupid exercise
i need a miracle  somethings are not right now
i need a monster. i have no energy at all  i hear it's too dangerous to walk to the curb store.
I need a month long vacation from everything...I really really do...some stress I'm not dealing with that's compounding... 
I need a moving truck 
I need a nap, and I'm not going to get one.  
I need a nap. Instead, working sooo long. 
I need a new best friend 
I need a new bike and a new iPhone.  Crankshaft making odd squeaky sounds.   #squarespace #trackle
i need a new book  at home. alone. singing all by myself.
i need a new boyfreind ; this isnt working ; he's trying get freeky with girls i'm following 
i need a new camera mine brokee 
I need a new car.... 
I need a new closet 
I need a new computer chair, this one hurt to sit in anymore 
I need a new computer, now the sound has crashed, and I don't know how to get it back. It's always something new. 
i need a new copy of the illusionist. mine is messed up and i dont wanna revert to the bootleg, the music doesnt sound as good 
I need a new dvd-player. I can't recall when I last watched a dvd without glitches. Watching a TD show that way, is indeed disturbing 
I need a new ear piece!!! My current one is hurting my earrrrrr poor earrrrrr 
I NEED A NEW FONE 
i need a new hobby.... looking for holes is not fun 
i need a new ipod mines keeps freezing 
i need a new job like immediately 
I need a new Justice album in my life bout' now  Crookers are pretty jammin in the meantime but not to krazy about the Day 'n' Night remix
I need a new laptop 
i need a new laptop...helpppp. 
I need a new mouse, and I want ham.  but have to wait till shops open again.
i need a new pair of shoes. i ruined my old ones on the bike ride yesterday 
I need a new phone charger 
I need a new phone! 
i need a new phone!!! 
I need a new phone.  one more month.
i need a new series to watch 
i need a new twitter app, this one doesnt alert me when i get a reply 
i need a new twitter application. tweetdeck started being a fart 
i need a new txt ringtone.  i cant hear it anymore 
I need a party.... 
I need a pedi but they don't open until 9 and I am tired 
i need a pedicure but the bruises on my legs &amp; feet say no way.. it'd hurt too much 
I need a personal assisstant 
I need a personal care bear 
i need a phone 
i need a phone sooo bad. 
i need a pick me up! 
I need a piggyback 
i need a planner. i threw mines away 
I need a plaster 
I need a ride 
I need a ride to school tomorrow. I just remembered it's late start. Eff. Looks like i'm walking 
I need a road trip!!....mom wont let me dang 
I need a scholarship....help....i have received no fasfa awards omg....im a senior how can they do this to me now 
I need a serious distraction from all this mess. Trying to fake grace. At this age you'd think I'd stop crying over girls. 
I need a serious hug right now.          -Jess
I need a shoulder to cry on and not ask any questions 
I need a shower and some food! Then its time to be productive 
I need a sponsor to pay my race entry fees, I just can't keep up with these.  I want to enter more races but not enough $ for the fees.
I need a stoge 
i need a sugar daddy. 
I need a sugar daddy/daddy warbucks    lol  JUST KIDDING
I need a summer Austin buddy  everyone I know went home for the summer...
I NEED a ticket for the Pink Funhouse tour. *Howel voice* There's no point in living if I can't have that ticket. 
I need a tooth pick 
I need a twitter lesson. It makes no sense 
I need a VACATION  though ! 
I need a vacation crazy part is that I just came back from vacation..maybe I just need a drink. Finally going to bed still no ginuwine cd 
I need a vacation from my vacation...   but this time I want it to be all by myself!
I need a vacation!! I need it NOW 
I can't stand this heat  roll on winter
I can't stand this. 
I can't stand when I am woken up  much as I love my babe - our schedules r always off lol
i can't stay awake right now. so i guess @taiheartshbk i was wrong about coming back. 
I can't stay happy. Also, I get angry frustrated too easily&amp;apologize too often. Sorry. 
i can't stop bidding on ridiculous things on ebay 
i cant stop coughing  i hate having colds
i can't stop coughing. i need coughdrops !  savesavesaveme!
i can't stop crying 
i cant stop eatin these little japanese cracker things  mahhhhhh
I can't stop eating Oreos 
I can't stop eating.. :S I'm kinda scared 
I cant stop eating... 
I cant stop feeling 
I can't stop listening to Everybody today. Realllllyyyyyy missin' Keith 
i cant stop of sneezing!  ashu!
I can't stop sleeping! I miss my sister   http://twitpic.com/4gp9p
I can't stop sneezing today.  #squarespace
I can't stop talking about McFLY. They made me so happy!!!!! I wanna see them again and again and again!!! Last night was short 
I can't stop thinking about _ _ _ _ _ wonder what he's doing...  Why's he so damn far away  life is so unfair, why do I like him?
I can't stop thinking about my dog!  I had to put him down today.
I cant stop thinking About them both  
I can't stop thinking about what happened, I am alone, I need someone to advise me, Now my feelings are crumbling. Goodbye 
I CANT STOP THINKING OF HIM  he's def. my type of guy
I can't stop thinking the worst possible news about this job... Stressin so bad I got the sores in my mouth... It hurts to eat 
I cant stop touching my shaved head 
I can't stop watching cruel Intentions, and every time i do I cry   I have fallen in love with counting crows! the song says alot!
I can't study today cause I'm thinking of vacation   And it is very hard what we have to know 
I cant study. I dont even wanna do my assignments. No motivation whatsoever 
i cant suffer outside malls,,,they built a munya 1 here but all outside its a nightmare i swear u gotta walk ten mile around it 
I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE!! IM GETTIN A BLACKBERRY!!!! 
i cant take not being able to go to the gym for 2 weeks. what am i going to do? 
I can't take this heat! It's like an oven in here. I feel sick nwo 
I need a wee. And food. And I wanna go see my ickle babies. Had a dream about them last night. Had 2of each&amp;one was evil 
I need a weekend from the weekend. I'm so tired.   Time with my Grammie was great.
I need a white dress. I need all white flats. I need $$$. &amp; I mos def need help! 
I need a working printer. Both of mine are shot and I have a draft due tomorrow 
I need alcohol. Gah, maybe weed. 
I need an EKG miracle 
I need an Espresso this morning. And the cafe in the lobby isn't open during the summer. What am I to do? 
I NEED an icecream but I have no money 
i need an ipod with more GB this one doesn't have room for anymore music 
I need an oral surgeon. stat. thats willing to do a payment plan. These wisdom teeth need to go. Ive been up since 3am in pain 
i need another test again 
I need breakfast, but I gotta get ready for school! 
I NEED CAFFEINE! still haven't managed to convince people starbucks would be a good idea, will have to make boring coffee at home instead 
i need CASH. gonna buy a soccer ball. I WISH!! 
i need clothes 
I need coffee and breakfast but hubs won't wake up and bring it to me 
I need coffee in a bad way 
I need coffee! I don't really want to go to brunch today.. 
i need comfort food  not much at my place....
I need comfort food!! Bein single sucks 
i need crisps!!! why aren't there ever any at home when i want some. grrrrr. 
I need cry 
I need custom jeans, every store I go to has nothin but tight jeans, now thats sad 
I need dark curtains for the bedroom!  Blinds let in too much light.  Could have slept in.  Awakened by sun at 7:00 am.  
I need either a new phone with all the cool crap on it, or a good digital camera.... 
I need either a Roman numerals translator or for FreeRealms to let me use numbers again. Its becoming really annoying now  #FreeRealms
I need everyone to start praying for good weather for the wedding 
I need exercise 
I need eye drops 
I NEED FASTER BIS for MY BOLDIE ! UaaaaRGGGHH ! COME ON INDOSAAAAAATTTTT ! 
I NEED film for my Polaroid camera  Why did they have to discontinue?
i need finger food    I think i'm gonna have a thousand rices.
I NEED FOLLOWERS ! 
I need followers @tweetfakes 
I need food but I have no car  Who delivers besides pizza???
I need food. Ok, I'm gonna get up, but my side hurts so bad. 
i need for tiny &amp; toya to not be a ignorant tv show 
i need for twitter followers 
i need free money.! i need more than what i can pay for. 
I NEED freezing cold Irn Bru out a glass bottle, the plastic bottles here in Ireland just no the same 
i need friends 
i need friends  im so lonely
I need girlfriends today because I need to borrow shoes.  (This is why I don't have many girlfriends.  That and i steal their boyfriends.)
I need girls to come lay at the beach with me. 
I need happiness and no stress, right now.  I'm scared of tomorrow
I need health insurance. 
i need help 
i need help  hope i find out soon... =] it will make me very 
I need help  someone who can work photoshop get at me! And if you know how to do plazmic GET AT ME HARDER!
I NEED HELP CHOOSING  NEW PHONE! Please help me i'm useless 
I need help configuring my joomla template.. 
i need help moving my fridge.  Who to ask?
i need help on my tumblr account.. 
I need help with my ipod. 
I need help with the twitter avatar. I give up, I dont seem to be able to upload one, or something somewhere is not working as designed. 
I need help.  It's a love thing - I have a boyfriend but I think I might be liking another boy? .. what to do !
I need help. My laptop won't connect to my wi-fi. 
i need him 
i need him now more then ever and i wont see him till i dont know wen  like wtff
i need him. so much  ;*
I need holiday  
i need holidays 
I need I workout more 
I need ideas.... 
i need isabella wright to be my friend 
I need it  
I need job, i want job, why won't anyone give me job? 
I need just one more hour of sleep. But I don't have time 
I need less mainstream books @sexidance    http://twitpic.com/7y41w
I need like, a personal body scratcher. UGH SO ITCHY. It seriously feels like I took a bath in itching powder. 
i need love... 
i need make more things...but i´m bouring... 
I need milk for breakfast. I really don't want to leave the house before I eat.  Waaah!!!
i need money and a job 
i need money so bad  this is going to be tough...
i need money. i NEED another job. asap. 
i need monies.  school is expensive.
I need moolahs 
I need more adventurous insomniac friends 
i can't take you for granted, and that makes me really sad... 
I cant taste any thing. the sweet the sour and the salty. sedeh nya aku. 
I can't tether  I'm a pc not a mac...
i can't text my muffin boo  he's off to puerto gallera and i'm stuck here on @jovbhen condo to find my phone..makes my day miserable
I can't text/call anyone until Tuesday b/c that's when I'm getting my new phone. Man 
i cant think of a good name for my hp slash 
I can't think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed I am with the advertising on Lifehacker's Why I Didn't Buy A Mac article. 
I cant think of anything to tweet about 
i can't through the pain 
i cant touch my face D: its sore 
I can't twitch 
I can't understand Asian people when they try to get my order 
I cant understand ATT america -- no MMS, or tethering (both of which I have already enabled) and no subsidy for existing iphone customers 
I can't understand somethings why is everything going downhill again i got a damn job i thought that would fix it  guess not Ily tay
I can't understand why twitter is unable to keep me logged in. I reauth every day 5 times 
I can't unlock my phone!!!! Help 
i cant untie the knot  my hair looks so bad at the moment
i cant update my background!  .....
I can't upload a Twitter picture  so it's just a little annoying question mark.
I cant upload my backround!  I give up for tonight. Goodnight Twitters and I'll speak to you all tomorrow during the Pens game. GO PENS!!!
i can't upload pics from my blackberry to twitpic 
i can't uploaded picture 
I cant use my blackberry today. This sucks. 
i can't use well this site... how can i browse more and more effective things 4 me   
I can't very easily leave my bed, feel quite ill 
I can't view tinyurl links at work... connection interrupted 
I can't vote because I'm brazilian  that's bad and so unfair...
i cant vote for teen choice awards please help 
I can't vote for the Mr Twitter Universe thing! It won't load 
I can't vote in the Teen Choice Awards because I'm not from America!! 
I can't wait 2 go 2 b.dubs 2nite!!! I miss lucky  new post up...buttacupoflove89.wordpress.com
i cant wait a year to see blink. and thats even if they tour the UK. someone please take me to america 
I can't wait another TWO months!!! 
I can't wait for Harper's Island tonight.. Shit.. i am still donig my assignment 
i cant wait for my first wage!!  sucks i get paid monthly 
i can't wait for my mama to get in from work. feel as though ive hardly seen her this past week  Love her so much!
I can't wait for my new sim card to be activated. I need to enter again al my numbers though. less fun. 
I can't wait for nest weekend already. First I have to get through the week 
I can't wait for new moon ! it's so far away 
I can't wait for Princess Protection Program 
I can't wait for summer '10.  Loooooong way to go.
i cant wait for The Hills season finale tomorrow! im sad that it is Lauren's last episode though 
I can't wait for the maid to turn up this Saturday. Fed up with housework 
I can't wait for the NEW MOON movie...OMG...if its anything like the book...6 months to go..it still so long... 
i can't wait for the season 9 of Smallville 
i cant wait for this time next week. actually five days might do it. haul 
i can't wait for this week to be over. fuck cops 
I can't wait for this weekend to be over! 3 more hours till freedom! I haven't even logged on to WoW since Thursday. 
I need more fat layers.  I am so cold in the office today 
I Need More Followerrs 
i need more followers  follow me peoples and tell yaa friends
i need more followers  this is my second day here please help me to get more huhuhu yeah!!!!1
I need more followers on this thing, I feel like such a loner 
I need more followers that respond to me.....Actually i need friends...and a life! LOL!!  its sad though!
i need more followers twiggas  help me plz
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!  (sick) 
i need more followers. how do all you guys get like hundreds?! 
I need more follwers 
I need more gritty teen dramas &amp;&amp; I'm sick  I love @WeTheTRAVIS !
I need more Hello Kitty Momoberry Lotion 
I need more help! This is more urgent! What should I do my speech on? It has to be persuasive. Im really stuck and we dont have much time 
I need more Kiehl's Blue Herbal Astringent Lotion. I ran out. 
I need more Maple Story friends 
i need more music for my new york trip 
i need more podcasts  even with #platformbiased this week there wasn't enough. Recommendations?
I need more signitures in my annual 
I need more sleep.  Getting ready for school nevertheless.
i need more sleeppp in my life  work friday 7am-5pm. then babysitting all weekend. FML!
I need more sweets in my life... This applesauce ain't turning me on. 
I need more twitter buddies  where did they all go?
I NEED MOTIVATION SOME FUCKING GOOD ONES TOO.. I NEED TO EXCERCISE N EAT BETTER WHY CANT I GO BACK A YEAR I WAS SKINNY AND HAPPY 
I need motivation to clean 
I need my baby back  &lt;3
I need my bed 
I need my best friend I need to talk with her and a hug  God don't leave my grandma alone please
I need my Best Friend NOW!!! I kind of miss talking to her 
I NEED MY BEST FRIEND RIGHT NOW!  Please?
i need my BFF right now  i miss him so much! and i love him even moreee! it's the best man ever. yeeah!
i need my body back.... 
I need my brother 2 come back from navigating the globe already cus i dont get this pythagorean theory and need him to explain 
i need my cellular device.  my mother took it, hah. and she's too &quot;busy&quot; to give it back. lol. grr.
I need my check...they couldn't just direct deposit like normal people!! 
I need my coffe, but my mom said no  http://myloc.me/2lLq
I need my Double Chocolate Chip Frappucino! 
I need my fav junkies 
I need my girlfriend...  
I need my girls 
I can't wait for tomorrow's sleep over tomorrow =D Maggie, you will be missed  Next time!
I cant wait for vacation. I wish is July already  
I can't wait for Wednesday to come so I can get this god aweful bump removed from my inner lip!  oy, so swollen!
i can't WAIT till 2:35 tomorrow when this will all be over 
I can't wait till I finally get internet at home. No more going to Starbucks with my laptop!! Yes, I am living in the dark ages 
I can't wait till it's Sunday, a new episode of Supernatural but then there are only 6 episodes left now 
i cant wait till summer but then yaxkin and anthony aren't coming back next year   awwwwwww life is a mean ugly turd!  
I can't wait to buy Sims 3!! It's out tomorrow! But I think it'll be available in the Philippines after 2 or 3 months 
I can't wait to get a new phone + plane tickets + Yarin's present. Although I should be saving up for college... oh well 
I can't wait to get home. Baby sitting is a lonley job 
I can't wait to get my car back it's been in the shop for 2 days 
i cant wait to get off work! creepy cooks who call me mija and hermosa are not fun. . .      
I can't wait to get the stitches removed from my nose.  
I can't wait to go back to work full duty, Am I a little messed up to enjoy 12+ hour days? Too bad it's two months away 
I can't wait to go to the protest today GAY RIGHTS! but first I have to go to work... 
I need my hair done...and I just noticed that. 
I need my Illudium PU-36 Space Modulator  #THW #KIEL L:Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany (Home):
I need my iPod fixed. 
i need my last sy's social filler. ive been looking for it everywhere, but i cant find it! 
I need my last.fm  But on the brightside, i'm extremely rested now.
I NEED MY LICENSE. NOW 
I need my little bro! 
I need my old notes. My old laptop won't charge so two years of med school notes are gone 
I need my phoebe in my arms  blah
I need my phone back 
I need my telly back 
I need new batterys 
i need new brakes for my car.  THIS CAR HAS BETRAYED ME TOO MANY TIMES TO COUNT, NOW THIS! ugh! fuck to me.
I need new episodes of Torchwood and Doctor Who and Pushing Daisies.  And I'm gonna be done with Nip/Tuck soon. What am I going to watch?!
I need new glasses  i can't see.
I need new glasses, but I can't get my eyes tested until next month, so there's no point in getting new specs now just to get more later 
i need new purple nailpolish.... 
I need new shoes. Everyone wears such mice shoes except me 
I need new tire recommendations for 18&quot; 225/40 92Y?  My speed demon ways have already burned out my OEM's on the GTI.   AT 14K!!!
i need nick right now, he can make me laugh. but sadly, hes not on 
I need peace in my life, 
I need people to shoot so I can work on my new post processing technique.. but I need to show off the PP before people will want to! 
i need people to talk to me please im very bored  x  follow me!
I need ppl in my life that love &amp; support me, &amp; are honest! Without honesty, there is no respect. I feel really bad right abt now.... 
I need practice in this feminine thing.... My nailpolish is chipping already!! And its only been one day! 
I need questions for my jonas brothers interview!! I cant think of any  !!
I need round 3 from tj. He won the first two  pay back is a beast!
I need saltines, who wants to go to the store for me? I am all set with tea and sprite but no crackers. 
i need serious help in my german but i can't find a tutor! i'm so worried about my studies  plus the weight issues.gahh ignorance is bliss
I need serious MOTIVATION. 30 days to still do well in school. I need to make bawi, badly 
I need service for my blackberry.   But I dont' want to hurt my pockets. lmao  I think i'm gonna go buy a cheap ass go phone soon.
i need sims 3 
i need sims 3 now! 
I need SIMS 3. Gaah! 
I need sleep soooooooooo bad! It's 5:30am for corn sake! Bastard earache! It hurts so bad 
I can't wait to see A Camp tonight. I think it's the closest I'm ever going to get to seeing The Cardigans. 
i cant wait to see conan! and my R button sticks so i have to hit it harder now otherwise i spell ous and not ours..... 
I cant wait to see SEVEN POUNDS. Missed it in the movies. But it comes out this May, 19th at my video-dealer...Germany is kinda late 
I can't wait until July 1st...classes will be over and maybe I'll finally get a break? Everything is too stressful right now. Help 
I can't wait until we are done moving. Frank gave me his cold...having a cold and moving at the same time is not fun 
I cant wait!  really wish he was coming along though too...  oh well... Theres always next week
I can't wait! I wanna see star trek movie!  awawawawaaa...kapan yaa gue nonton?  uwaa capt. Kirk.. eh,Chris pine.. hehhe &lt;3
I CAN'T WAKE UP 
i cant wake up!! 
I can't watch my hair fall 2 the floor. It hurts a little 
I can't watch that 2 grand without getting all teary-eyed 
I can't watch the #Penguins vs #Redwongs game on TV   BUT I've got Twitter! Thanks guys for keeping me up to speed. Go #Redwings!!! #NHL
I cant watch the MTV movie awards tonight b/c I have work tomorrow  the awards starts at 3 or 4 AM here. I wanna see the New Moon trailer!
i can't watch tv shows :X  someone's still fixing my parents room &amp; it's soo dusty in there 
I can't whistle while I work 
I can't work this 
I cant work twitter  boooo!
I can't work twitter I can't even upload a bloody picture   gutted
I can't work twitter on my phone!  we're just in bed thinking of funny stuff from last night! (L) GOOD TIMES!
i need sleep. Its too early. I went to bed at like 6 something because i couldnt sleep 
i need sleep; pretty epic night; 4 hours sleep NOT ENOUGH  (L) my girls xxx
i need SO much caffine to actaully keep me up 
I need some cake........ don't have any! 
I NEED SOME COFFEE... OH PLEASE 
I need some cuddles, feeling right shitty 
I need some dose of guitar   But my fingers hurts !!!! and  I lost my voice damn sickness..  I need scream only 1 only 1 scream
i need some entertainment asap 
I need some food and the only thing there is at my old house is beer 
i need some food. im so hungry 
i need some foundation to hide my toothpaste skin 
i need some friends 
I need some friends/followers 
i need some fun time where i dont end up hurting days after 
I need some good news 
I need some ideas to put a poem together. I haven't written a good one in months. 
i need some inspiration and fast 
I need some Joose! 
I need some money! my phone is going 2 run out 2maro 
I need some monies so I can buy more books. I'll be done with the ones I have left to read here very soon 
i need some more Cosmos Popcorn. I ate it all. 
i need some new accessories!! 
I need some new models.  I broke my old ones 
i need some new sunglassessssss. i lose all of mine, fuck. 
i need some pain killers a.s.a.p gums is Officially  over my tooth 
i need some penis in my life! 
I need some relax 
i need some sexy female follower ...  ill figure it out
I need some super good recording headphone.  Anyone got the hookup? Mine have gone all screwy 
I need some tea... My tummy is upset 
I need somebody to talk to! I'm all alone! 
I need someone to forcibly motivate me to write a mega paper...blah...just want to nap 
i need someone to go to the mall with me but everyone seems to hate me today 
I need someone to hangout with after church. Anyone? 
I need someone to help me break my iPod addiction. It's not normal to listen to music as much as I do. I can do nothing without it. 
I can't, in my conscience, join anything which includes neo-cons. 
I cant't sleep 
I care about u alot though  like me and you were gonna be there for eachother no matter what. I want to be there 4 u &amp; make u feel beter
I care more then I should..wtf...I can't fukin sleep!! 
i carnt wait to get jonas brothers new CD pre-orded it it hasent come yet 
i caught a cold 
i caught my dad with my gf   http://bit.ly/9Geot
I caught the sun yesterday, im now glowing so much they could use me in a Ready Brek advert 
I changed  my password and Tweetdeck is not accepting it 
i changed my desktop, in is now a butterfly on a flower. My previous one was a bunch of dark colors coming together in to a black hole!! 
I Changed My Mission From 10 People To 5 Cuz Its So Hard. Even 5 People Dont Respond To Me Anymore  @silkyninja
I changed my pic and it damn it still is the same. 
i changed my return ticket to july 2, so i'll be back on july 3. i'll miss the gay pride  but i'll spend more relaxed time in the himalaya
I changed the channel to Harry Potter 5 on ABC Family and FIRST THING I SEE is Cedric dying.  Poor RPattz.
I chatting with me best roomate ever right now. I miss her 
I cheated. My boo took me to In-n-out.  dammmit. Guilt-ridden lookin' stomach. Burger was fucken great tho!
I checked my ipod touh swine flu application and where i live, in florida, there are still 3  Be safe everyone
i checked those things they seem fine.i can her that obnoxious noise when i open a new window but nothing from the internet at all 
i choose you, squirtle! i miss old skool pokemon 
i chucked the dom ontop of the girls lockers cos it smelt gross and veronica went off at me  cos she couldnt reach it, ahahah
i cleaned my keyboard,now spacebar is not working ok  have to disassemble tomorrow..again...
I cleaned my room. Kinda. Swept, and got rid of trash. And Nicole has a toothache. 
I cleaned the CPU fan, and the back of my power supply. Lots of dust. Don't have a system fan at all. Still loud. 
I cleaned the filter, pot, ect.      I no longer want coffee.  
I cleaned. tim won't be impressed tho. I generally love items to other parts of the house. Kitchen &amp; bathroom are clean!! Nothing else is 
I cnt find anything to put jakes present in  i need a card too... The party is in 15 min. Lol
I cnt send a pic for some reason 
I collapsed yesterday O_o Im really worried about my health... Something strange is happening. 
I colored my hair, and it doesn't look anything like I expected   It's all bright roots...  I need something good to happen for once.
I come back off my holiday to find that Cyberconnect LLC has gone 
i come home to find the AC broken 
I come to Boston and the Red Sox lose.  
I completely blew my karate testing.  In fact, I didn't even test. I got nervous n puked 5 minutes before I was up, so I had to sit out. 
I completely forgot that I bit my nails off last night for softball as they were digging into my hands! they look horrid now 
I completely forgot that I'm in training all day today 
I completely forgot today was Monday! I missed my rasslin 
i confess. i am never gonna be thin again if keep consuming crap. there i said it. 
I con't believe i'm missing the car wash today. 
I contain the breathing! 
I cooked dinner for Mr Saturday, and even had cherry pie for dessert. He said he thought he was getting a cold. He didn't want any pie 
I copped me some nike + running shorts xl and I might add they feel like poon poon shorts  but.. I DON'T GIVE A FUCK IMA POON POON AWAY!
I coughted this morning, then there was this &quot;crack&quot; sound in my back and now I'm blocked ... again 
I could also learn to spell, knob head 
I could also murder a big mac 
I could also use the puppy time.... no puppies here.  
I could be smoking a cigarrett right now 
I could care less about the drama threads that are there for two seconds.  I do miss talking to my girls at home
I could cry! Forgot to log out of JCC at home so now I can't get on it here at work 
I could cry...mom just told me she's not wanting to go see Radney Foster on Thursday  I NEED to find someone to go with!
i could get LVATT at midnight!!  http://bit.ly/zb3hN
I could go for a pazzone from pizza hut. Mmm. But I'd probably puke it up. 
I could go for some red lobster but I don't have anyone to go with 
I Could go into a tornado spaz right now. Ive woke up with like my first brutal spot EVER. D= D= D= its huge mannn     
I could go on but let's just say that anyone who can say Harry Potter is evil is just wrong.
I could go to sleep but whats the point when I'll have to go in a couple of hours anyway! 
I could hate Harry Potter, but love his scent...
I could have done a lot better on this job. I feel bad 
I could have just walked away. 
i could have worn jeans today?? thanks for sending that email out at 6PM Jerks!! denim &gt;&gt;&gt; this dress 
i could honestly take a gigantic nap right now, but there's too many things i want to get done today!!! 
i could just FUCKING CRY .. i missed #FrehleyFriday .. and @Ace_Frehley stopped by  ... i FUCKING HATE verizon !!!!!!
i could kill a beer right now but unfortunatly have to swim shortly.  and 
I could live on a plane... So NOT Green tho 
I could never get back into competitive gaming, that shit infuriates me, I must be old now 
I could not be more tired 
I could not download Taylors vid for P  its beautiful though! link below.
I could not sleep until 3:40 AM   horrible / (sunny day!) xoxox
I could quite happily stay in bed today with my sore throat  What a waste of a bank holiday!
I could reaaaalllyy use my best friend right now! 
I could really go for a creamy sugary donut.  But I won't 
I could really go for IHOP right about now... But I'll probably just have Special K 
i could really go for some dunkin donuts right now!  dang this small town i live in!
I could really go for some nice golden brown steak fries right now. Been craving them for the past few hours. 
I could really use a friend right now!!!! 
I could really use a good night sleep. I wish I knew what to do about my girlfriend 
