has a sore shoulder 
Has a sore throat  Why... Why do I have to go to school mommy?
has a sore throat again 
has a sore throat and a major cough, Think I may be dying 
has a sore throat and feels ill 
has a sore throat and needs to find a way to get rid of it by tomorrow!!! 
has a sore throat today. 
Has a sore throat! 
has a sore throat. 
has a sore voice 
has a soree mose 
has a sorfe throat 
has a spider bite on the right ankle, its swoll up and now i have a kankle! 
has a splitting headache. 
has a squito bite on her hand that itches really bad 
has a stomach ache  Too much Thai food
Has A Stupid Ear Infection 
has a stupid TOK talk now 
has a sucky dorm 
has a sudden desire to get in the car and drive to Florida for the day. And tomorrow, too! Back to work at 6am Tuesday, though. 
has a super bad ear infection 
has a super bad ear infection.  Pray for me pleaaase!
has a super bad pain in her side 
has a super sore scratchy throat  #fb
Has a sweaty bottom!!  lol
has a teasle stuck in her sock and is still half a mile from home 
HAS A TERRIBLE COLD AND COUGH  its painful! the chem test is easy? is it swine flu :S
I ate too much.  i just can't resist thai food though! It's an addiction.
I ate too much.  Stomach-overload!
i ate turkey today i swear but not a leg 
I ate way to much today and now my stomachs paying the price... Ow. 
I ate way too much today! 
I ate way too much. 
I attempted to get support for a cause, but you never wrote back 
I ♥ &quot;successfully posted your tweet&quot; sentence  and I hate the milk my mom had bought for me  sorry mom, you just bought the wrong milk
I badly want some ginger ruffle now. 
I badly want to go to the iTunes Live festival on the 1st July, but I'll be on holiday 
I baked Vanilla Butter biscuits tonight. Told the other half that they were much better than his batch last week. I lied 
I banged my knee really bad....intense pain...haven't felt anything like this in a long time    Wish me luck and hope it goes away!
I barely passed, and I thought i only got 2 wrong 
I barely 'tweet' anymore, makes me sad  &amp; I miss Caz and Tick.... :'( x 2
I be bored, &amp; didn't get a new phone 
I BE SPAMMING YOUR TWITTER WITH HORRIBLE SHIT CAUSE I'M BORED!!!  again....and no HBO Porn to keep me company this time 
I been in the crib all day. The rain got my whole body   I really hope this weekend is better. First, the hair has to be taken care of!
I been sick for a couple of days. Now I feel like I missed out on stuff.  I hate that :/
i been sleep all this time and im still tierd !  
I begin to doubt the potential of my friends and other close people... Or am I just self-centered? Future is nice - but without them 
I believe I agree  @ECLIPSE_GET_E
I believe Lauren may just have broken the clutch on me station wagon. 
i dont want to get up early and go to work tomorrow 
i dont want to get up its soo cold  i wanna stay in mi warm cosy bed
I dont want to get up, I want to keep sleeping 
I don't want to get up. I am sung and warm in my bed 
I don't want to get Verizon tomorrow.  I love my Comcast cable. I HATE CHANGE.
I don't want to give my kitty up 
I don't want to give up on twitterific !! 
I don't want to go 
I don't want to go  I'm going to miss you all SO much...
I don't want to go back home!  
I don't want to go back to Birmingham 
I don't want to go back to New Zealand next Thursday 
i dont want to go back to school tomorrow! 
I don't want to go do inventory!! I want to go see He Is Legend and then come back home and play Ghostbusters some more!! 
i don't want to go home  i broke the door and kristy will play shitty music.
I don't want to go home!!  but off we go...
I don't want to go home. The tulips are too pretty. 
I don't want to go home.. 
I don't want to go home.... Seriously... headed to the airport in 20ish minutes 
I don't want to go i don't want to go. Don't go = no allowance. 
i dont want to go outside.. there its raining and cold 
I don't want to go to 6 and 1/2 street I wanna go to a real party 
i dont want to go to bed bc that'll mark the official end of my weekend 
I don't want to go to bed. But work in the am 
I don't want to go to bed. I'm exhausted but I don't want tomorrow to come yet. Just more work 
I don't want to go to class Im sooo sick 
i dont want to go to class! 
I don't want to go to class. 
I don't want to go to grad fair! 
I don't want to go to italian 
I don't want to go to office...too tired and not good weather  but there's no local hericane ;)
I don't want to go to portsea again tomorrow 
i don't want to go to school anymore huhu 
I dont want to go to school tommorrow 
i dont want to go to school tomorow.  another depressing week. school makes children want to give up on life, i swear.
i dont want to go to school tomorrow  oh well only 7 more weeks you guys then the fun starts 
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.  What a tiring day! I enjoy twittering at my phone by the way.
i dont want to go to school!! 
i dont want to go to school!!! i have to sing and dance in front of lik ea thousand eyes!!! argh kill me now 
I don't want to go to school, i want to stay here and watch mythbusters 
I don't want to go to summer school 
I don't want to go to the birthday party.  It's booooooooooooring!
I don't want to go to the dentist!!! 
I don't want to go to the doctors 
I don't want to go to the doctors. 
I don't WANT to go to wooooooork. 
I dont want to go to work  but i do love the money!
i believe the Bublee's will lose today 
I believe we should all pay our tax with a smile. I tried — but they wanted cash 
I belive i suffer from a mild case of hypoglycemia... The condition  paul blart suffers from 
I bet every other school in the rest of the U.S. is out of school already. But no! Not my school. On my way to school 
I bet I don't even disturbed her dreams last night when she crushed my heart... 
I bet i look like an idiot, just looking to the right all the time haha. I need to keep still or lay down or something  Dun want to work!
I bet i wont have a voice tomor  damn cold
I bet it gets worse 
I bet joe 10 bucks that he couldnt catch one of the small fish swimming by the beach. One swipe later, I'm out 10 bucks  ninja hands
I bet Radio Noize will update its Twitter account an awful lot more often than NewsPort 
I bet that when I go downstairs, 30% of our sugar will b gone  I dont no bout you, but I value sugar!  You should treasure it not devour.
I bet waking up at 5 is no good for my health 
i bet you susan boyle is gonna win... 
I better not be ill for tomorrow ... not feeling my best atm *whimpers* 
I BETTER NOT BE ON MY LARRY FOR INDUCTION DAY! 
I better stay off Twitter tonight.  Everyone I know is going to #monstervegastweetup but me.  stomping feet...throwing tantrum 
I better vacuum clean my car since @jimmisk 's sugar is spilled all over in the boot 
i bin 3 times altogether....millenium tour was fab....never gone was good wuz last wiv kevin   but unbreakable was my fav!xx #bsb
I bit my lip so much today out of nervousness that now its all owie and bleedy   
I bit my lip, &amp; its bleeding grrreat 
i bit my tongue trying to get my pj's on.. 
i bit my tongue yesterday 
I bit my tongue yesterday... I can feel a pice of it hanging loose.... ewwww and it hurts! 
I bit myy tongue in the samme place twice   Still at the fairr. Yeee!
I blew a tank of gas in six hours. 
I blew out my ear 
I bloody hate being bored, i got nothing to doooooo!!?  - Thank you Linley for showing me that song lol cant believe i never heard it be4
has a terrible cold and has to work still.. 
has a terrible headache and cant sleep. 
has a thorn stuck in her finger 
Has a throbbing headache, except it's in my knee...    does Tequila fix that?
has a tooth/gum ache   I never get them very random
Has a toothache 
has a tummy ache boo 
has a tummy ache! ouchies 
has a tummy ache. 
has a v hurty ankle 
has a very painful shoulder this morning 
has a very red back 
has a very sick little girl.  This is actually out of my scope of practice 
Has a very sore foot. Whats wrong with me!??! 
has a very sore, pulled muscle in his back 
has a viral infection 
has a week longish stomach ache that wont seem to go  away 
Has a wicked awesome cramp 
has £53.74 to live on until payday. (that's £2.34 a day) oh dear, oh dear, oh god 
has absolute zero drive to review for the board exam.  http://plurk.com/p/13uier
has aching bones 
has alot of photos to edit and upload 
Has alot work 2 do 
has also used up pretty much the last of all her money! Spendn my last dime to see KDev.Doesn't know where she'll stay after BN's shw 
has an allergy cold 
has an annual leave day today, and was going to stay in bed until lunch, but i woke up too early  now what do i do with my morning ?
Has an ant hill the size of Texas by her grape vines. I hope I don't need to sacrifice my plants to get rid of the ants... 
has an avalanche of holiday homework to be completed before school reopens! Have been slacking since day 1. 
Has an exam in Filipino, Chemistry and AP today... I HAZ NO NOTES IN CHEM 
Has an exam this afternoon 
i don't want to go to work  it's way too cold. 3 hours of brainless functioning... syked =|
i don't want to go to work later 
i don't want to go to work today and am very nervous about the courthouse visit 
I don't want to go to work today!!  get out at 1015 and then have to go wake up at 6 30 the next morning. I'm not looking forward to this!
I don't want to go to work tomorrow night.  These two-day weekends suck! Thank goodness I have a 5-day weekend coming up.
I don't want to go to work! I just want to sleep! I'm tired and my legs hurt from yesterday 
i dont want to go to work!!!! 
I don't want to go to work!!!!   
I dont want to go to work, in no mood for it today 
I don't want to go to work... 
I don't want to go to work......  Happy Daddy's day er'body!
i dont want to go. 
I don't want to gooooo 
I DONT WANT TO GRADUATE 
I don't want to graduate 
i dont want to graduate im gunna miss u in high school TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much like its's not even funny 
I don't want to grow up and be an adult in 5 days  I'm missing childhood. I'm delirious... I need sleep. Goodnight...
I don't want to have a barbeque today. I don't like them. Especially at my house. And I don't feel like being sociable. 
i dont want to have exams..I hate this university-periode.. :S F*ck..  Want somebody help me?Please..Thx
i dont want to have one on one spanish..  http://plurk.com/p/11gy6d
i dont want to have soccer training tonight 
I don't want to hear a monster truck lullaby anymore 
I don't want to hear from some backward ass mormon, Brokeback Mountain is a terrible movie because the news(
I don't want to hurt myself from falling again. Let me avoid you. We weren't meant to be, don't let us happen. 
I don't want to in back to FL yet, I want to stay in Bama longer. 
I don't want to leave Jersey 
I don't want to leave London  if I can hide somewhere on the tube I will
i dont want to leave london this summer 
I don't want to leave Richards!!!!  I am going to miss him 
I don't want to leave the house at all today 
I dont want to leave them 
I don't want to leave Waterfall today. 
I dont want to let her go. Sad morning! @Tinacramer leaves 
i don't want to let myself do this. i've been doing so well without for so long 
I don't want to let Pol Sci 11 go 
I don't want to lose my wisdom teeth, they make me wise. I will soon be without a trace of wisdom 
i dont want to make my homework....arghhhhh 
I don't want to miss you but I do 
has an exam tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/z1idz
has an extremely sore mouth ! 
has an infection in my left ear. I can't hear out of it. 
Has an interview tomorrow. We'll see what happens. Sadly not in Des Moines 
Has an upset stomach 
has an upset stomach.. 
has an upset tummy 
has an upset tummy. 
has an upset tummyy. 
has another 3 weeks of mono 
has another book in mind. but i can't purchase any of them yet... 
Has ANOTHER Cricket Game Today....And It's Going to be 91 Degrees Today....DAMN 
has another headache 
has another long cycle today, and no BBQ in site 
Has another splitting headache 
Has any of this made me feel any better? Not really. 
Has anybody been followed by anybody interesting recently? Only spammers for me 
Has anybody watched Titanic without crying ?? Ugh, I ALWAYS cry 
Has anyone else become a fast food junkie since they started working at Payless? I an so sick of taco bell but its the only thing around! 
Has anyone else woken up one day and felt like they acquired near sightedness over night?  Everything is blurry all of a sudden.
Has anyone noticed the @kyleandjackieo podcast 4 last thursday with the nova fight has been skipped!  ? Goes wednesday, friday why why 
Has anyone seen Cruel Intentions? I just bought a cocaine necklace. I'm so cool 
has anyone seen my brother's cat  She's lost.
has anyone seen my king of clubs?  
has anyone successfully added Twitter app on Facebook? Mine just got a blank page 
Has anyone tried Quicksilver with the build of Snow Leopard? I'm guessing it's not going to work out 
Has anyone who lives in Carlisle received their $900 dollars yet?  Apparently it's getting paid by random postcodes 
I bloody miss my dog 
i boasted to my sister because unlike her i have no school today. but now i think about it, its not really an advantage-exam 2moro 
I booked my flight a day early  Now I can't go to one TM con... errrr &gt;:[ This is NOT my year.
i bored idk what to do   #happybirthdaydrewryanscott
I bought 3 new CDs to listen to at work today and forgot all of them at home 
I bought a $40 torture device today...aka snorkel for swim team, but it sure feels like water boarding..  
I bought a blazer today and some jacket haha, damn I still want the dress 
I bought a coffee and breakfast sandwich @ DD, got it home and dropped the coffee before I got a sip  
I bought a cute dress. Maybe I will look like a girl 
I bought a Leica M8, charger arrived DOA. Called Leica,  got transferred around and left a VM.  atleast the RF isn't misaligned...
I bought a magazine called &quot;ULTIMATE FESTIVAL GUIDE 2009&quot;, what a waste of money  I should have read the frontpage more carefully.
I bought a new video game today and wont get to play it until tomorrow night 
I bought my 226 brush from mac after a month of trying to find it now the are selling on ebay for 15.50 crazy.  
I bought myself a new external hard drive. I had another one awhile ago, but I did something to mess it up 
I bought new naughty monkey shoes and they make my feet hurt 
I bought Sims 3 today and I still haven't played it... 
I bought some Korean-made skincare masks. I can't read Hangul alphabet... 
i bought some orange juice at the co-op, but when i got home i noticed it went out of date yesterday  ... after i drank a little.. ew
has applied for like 15 jobs in the last 5 days, no response 
has applied for OSAP yet again- God, I'm gonna owe major $$$ by the end of my academic career, this just ain't right!! 
Has art exam from 9-12.30 tomorrow  dont even want to do it LOL thats only the first outta 4 art exams 
Has awful teeth.   Where is a cheap, good dentist now.
has awoke and is going to spend more money  lol
has bad cramps. 
has bad kness 
Has basically been told that she is selfish by someone she loves  and is really sad right now
has become a hermit, minus the sagely wizardry.  
Has become addicted to fml and im doing homework 
Has become obsessed with strawberrys and sugar? Also school days. However i'm upset at my school days dvd 
has become redundant.  Tomorrow I will be joining the ranks of the unemployed!  
has become slightly addicted to facebook farm town 
has been asked to go into work on my holiday 
Has been asleep since 5pm and had now woken up  its like ive got jet lag but im just really ill with my cold and 2 late nights in a row!!
has been at work again today, and is at work all day tomoz as well, life bites at times 
has been awake for an hour asw workmen have taken over the house. go away!! i want sleep!! 
has been awake most of the night with dental pain 
has been awake since 5.11 am that wot you get for an early night 
has been banned from drinking sodas 
has been called to work on all the Atlanta movies BUT 5 Killers 
has been coming across people and things that instantly remind me of him everyday. not fair 
Has been crap today.  Will never lose anymore weight at this rate 
Has been Crocheting funky hats, gloves and scarves for the markets for the winter .  Still feel weighed down with blimmin head cold 
Has been cruely reminded why I avoid sunshine  OUCH
I bought the only bathingsuit my mom would let me get  a two piece tankini ugh!!!
i bought the sims 3!! when i went to install it my video card was not compatible  i have and nvidia geforce2  mx 100/200 
I bought these ridiculous purple heart shaped sunglasses yesterday, forgetting that I can't wear sunglasses.  stupid bad vision.
I bought time...I still feel bad for everyone that's taking the exam now. 
I bowled horribly. Scored a 93 
I Broke 2 cell phones in 2 days One cost $580 and the other $580 too Wow thats not good now i have a crappy phone 
I broke a nut..... On my guitar 
I broke a sprinkler in my yard backing out of the drive way. Haha I actually do feel bad though 
I broke a steing on my sitar.... 
i broke a string while trying to put my gutar in its case  bum
I broke my date with the book &amp; bed to clean kitchen &amp; fold laundry &amp; missed interesting convo about books and bugs 
I broke my dogs squeeky toy. 
i broke my Kindle  ....dropped it on the floor
I broke my little camera tonight 
I broke my little toe ... again.  
I broke my little toe today 
I broke my nail!  Nearly the weekend whoop whoop! x
I broke my nanna trolley on saturday  and I was a 20 minute walk from home. FML ...... and I ate too much for dinner.
i broke my phone charger. 
I broke my puppy 
I BROKE MY SIDEKICK &amp;&amp; IM STUK WITH MY STOOPID IPHONE &amp;&amp; BB 
I broke my spectacles during my camp in Bangalore  Tomorrow I have to manage the whole day in class without it 
I broke my sudoers file and now I can't use sudo to fix it 
I broke my sunglasses 2day 
I broke my toe .. i think  I must be the luckiest girl in the world ..
I broke my violin bridge today.  What a stupid thing to break - it's a 2 $ piece of wood, but i sure can't play without it. 
I broke our website 
i broke the glass on my door. all i did was knock on the door, and the glass shattered....now i have to pay for this shit. 
I broked my finger playing cabbage ball yesterday  I think I need a new kitten to help me feel better!
I brought just about everything I'll need to clean a bit tonight... Everything but my mop and incense 
I burned my finger 
I burned my finger while making Ramen and it is starting to blister.  Pics after I finish The Little Mermaid (it makes me feel better)
i burned my hand  owwwy
i burned my hand with chicken noodle soup   ouch! its a big burn but i wont let it get me down! i'll kiss my hand a few times extra xoxox
I burned my legs a little at the pool yesterday and today they're really hurting!  Ouch! 
I burned my quinoa because I got distracted playing plants vs zombies 
I burned my thumb... It hurts real badddddddd 
i burned my tongue!  @ workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk,
I burned the back of my hand on the oven 
I burned the shit out of my finger. 
i burnt my alphabites 
i burnt my finger 
I burnt my finger in hot chocolate. 
I burnt my finger on da stove 
i burnt my legs  by spilling boiling hot water on them by accident
I burnt my tongue after a cappuccino, so now a slice of German cake with ice cream and a bowl of salad taste the same. 
i burnt my tongue eating soup lastnight.  i got my hot fudge sundae stuff though! yum! i need to make plans people.
i burnt my tongue in hot chocolate today.... it still burns 
i burnt my tongue on miso soup today 
I burnt my tongue on salsa yesterday and it still hurts.   At least they were good nachos!
i burnt my tounge on cheese. 
I burnt myself trying to put bread in the oven  one loaf is now not fluffy D:
i burnt the piss out of my hand! 
I burnt the rice. 
i busted my ankle two days ago  hate it!!
i busted my toe biking! ughhh 
I Buy a pack of dvd recorders and yet not one of them works in the dvd player 
I caaan't sleep. Maybe I shouldn't have sugar after 5pm  I di'int mean toooo
I call white castle burgers Belly Bombs----so yummy but 15 mins later my stomach is aching!!! Might be that I just ate 10 of them 
I called 
I called comEd and apparently power is out in a huge area. Eta 2 hours 
I called in sick for work tomorrow. I never do that. Evil sunburn. 
I called my big sis but she didn't pick up :/ I hope she calls me soon, I haven't seen her for over 2 weeks. 
I called on Jesus, but he didn't check his phone today 
i called the CD store... and they told me that LVATT was coming MAYBE next week  i want to cry right now... fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml.
I came across this great youtube clip but will show you tomorrow as were about to close 
I came all the way to Adelaide to watch the footy tonight, but now i'm too sick to actually go 
has been driving her little car around but had to leave her at home 
has been eating nuts for the past 2 days. :| whathashappenedtomydiet. 
has been editing all day and is excited to see the derby girls later. too bad it's their last game... 
has been emotionally disappointed lately 
has been here way too long...and sucks at selling our new summer pass 
has been ill all day. Moves back to Berwick tomorow too! Double 
has been in all day and no work done!  I need to fix up!
has been in bed all day.......off to drag myself in the shower but really cant move  lol
Has been in bed all day...still don't feel good 
has been laying here for hours. Wondering when I'll be able to sleep. 
Has been listening to 2 nine yr olds, murdering hannah montanna on disney sing it.. Bring on the headache tablets!! 
has been neglecting Plurk.  http://plurk.com/p/n2vlz
Has been on the dang phone all day!!! 
has been reacquainting himself with daddy's cage. had a quick play on gerbil team racing then explored the wardrobe. i miss cornetto 
Has been rejected 
has been running around all day.. and the day isnt even over yet 
has been serverly lacking inspiration today - and thus not made a video  and will not be hosting SCS's tonight. Sorry x goodnightx
has been shopping &amp; is now pretty broke 
has been sick for the past few days 
has been sitting here all day 
has been struck down with another cold 
Has been suffering from migraines for the past two days 
I don't want to move (back) to New Zealand!!! 
I don't want to pack 
i dont want to pack anymore stuff 
i dont want to pack! 
I don't want to play soccer today, it's so cold and wet 
I don't want to program today 
I don't want to pull weeds 
i dont want to put those songs in!!! 
I don't want to read the books for my sociology class: Crime, Law and Society.  
I don't want to resubmit  I can only get a C, too, which is lame. WAH WAH WAH COMPLAIN.
I don't want to say &quot;goodbye&quot; 
I don't want to say goodbye to my school :'(''''' I'm So sad because of that thought 
i don't want to see any photos of you and hurt myself again. far too many times that i've crying over you. 
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU. CAN'T YOU JUST LEAVE ALREADY ?! 
I DON'T WANT TO SLEEP ALONE TONIGHT!!!!... 
i don't want to start a new week.  blah i have awoken to quite the pissy mood 
I don't want to start the summer like the last year 
I don't want to start work tomorrow 
I DON'T WANT TO STUDY   DAMN YOU SMITH AND YOUR DEMONIC BOOK
i don't want to study no more  waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I don't want to study, but I really have to. 
I don't want to study.  
i don't want to take finals 
i dont want to take the ap test 
I don't want to talk to advisors, they don't advise, the judge your arse off 
I don't want to think about it because it only makes me feel bad.  I want to get over it real quick to avoid the pain of not being who I w
I don't want to think about Wednesday, but I can't help it 
I don't want to to to work today 
i dont want to turna around and not see the @mmitchelldaviss gifts behind me 
i don't want to tweet about my background change  does anybody know of a way to win a trip to NYC? or a way to get money? haha NEED HELP
I don't want to update because I have 69 updates.... but inevitable, I suppose. 
i don't want to wait til october 6th for mayday's new cd! 
i DONT want to wait till next wednesday to hear the floorwalkers live again. could see them saturday @ skullys. but im busy  you go!!
I don't want to wake up 
I don't want to watch a motherfucking movie.  Can't i just go home? Do i really have to be your hostage?
I don't want to watch the notebook 
I don't want to work at 9 tomorrow cleaning blinds... 
I don't want to work today.  Only for 3½ hours but all the same.
I don't want to work tomorow 
has been to see the tooth monster 
has been told she might have glandila fever.......how did get that it sure puzzles me! 
has been told shes not allowed in the sun tomorow!  either that or wear sun cream! 
has been treated like a slave  http://plurk.com/p/x7rr6
has been up since 3am  fucking hades
has been up since 5.30,walked nick to the bus stop  ran 20 mins,showered , breakfasted,still an hour till i leave!
has been up since stupid o clock this morning and dont have a lecture til 11 
has been watching a real housefire being put out by many firemen opposite my home. there's now a gas leak which will be sorted soon 
Has been watching some Fanwalk Videos... Shouldn't really do that, cause I'm getting very emotional and pretty nostalgic! Miss those days 
Has been white 32GB iPhone 3GS'd. But, the zagg invisibleshield I ordered 2 weeks ago still hasn't arrived, so I'm not using it, yet 
has been work, work working allll weekend, she has missed all the sun  boooo
Has begun counting the strands of her haid due to boredom.  )
has blisters on her feet from walking 5 miles in flip flops  wants to swim desperately.
has bluetooth mouse failure, it's not blue or toothing, and definitely not mousing 
has broken his second mug in as many days. 
has broken his wordpress MU powered blog, site OK, admin screwed 
has broken his zip on his favourite  hooodie  not a happy bunny
has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get @ hauntingxealot to Goulburn 
Has bronchitis 
has brown gunk (Tiger Balm) smeared all over her left cheek and chin. 
has bruises and cuts all over her legs 
has burnt legs. 
I don't want to work tomorrow. I don't feel good. Haven't felt good in 4 days =/ My body needs rest but my mind won't slow down! 
I don't want to work tonight! 
I dont want to work tonight...i work everyday for the next two weeks 
I dont want to work two jobs anymore... 
I don't want to work. I want to watch Heroes.  
I DONT WANT TOMORROW TO COME 
I don't want tomorrow to come! Had our Lucarellie's dance today. We all bawled our eyes out,but Grad's guna be a whole lot worse! 
I don't want your shrimp, yo lobster, oysters or clams, I'll take the pearl but definitely no Crabs! I'm allergic 
i dont watch Coronation street, as i hate it, but ive been watching clips of it. I miss Sarah and Todd. TV hasnt been good in ages 
I don't watch the Magic and they win. I watch the Penguins and they lose. not good. 
I dont wear tee's  @jason_mraz New Jason Mraz Summer T-Shirts Now Available On Pre-Order! http://iLike.com/t/6tn6
I dont wear tee's  jason_mraz New Jason Mraz Summer T-Shirts Now Available On Pre-Order! http://iLike.com/t/6tn6
I don't wish to be bitchy but if your 20 stone wearing an illuminous green smock thing won't help your cause 
i dont` know play a twitter  ? hhfs
i doubt everyone finds love... 
I doubt this day is going to be as fun as I expected it to be...  Why does this crap keep happening?
I downloaded an app that lets me watch flights. I'm obsessing. I miss her. 
I downloaded latest flash player... yet I still cant watch youtube  fuck my computer.
I drank too much and I'm sleepy already 
I drank too much last nite  I love these old timey prices for beer and chiken sandwiches!!!!!!
I dread bedtime 
i dread having the dreams i've always wanted to have 'cause the frigging holiday's a frigging barrier 
i dread the day i feel i'm too old to wear clothes i like 
I dread the heat coming 
I dreamed about shiny pokemon last night. This was probably a horrible idea to start going after shinys, I'm already jonesing for more 
I dreamed I had a baby.  By the time she was three weeks old she was already like 4 foot and talking.  If only it worked that way.  
I dreamed of becoming a F-22 Raptor pilot. But this dream was smashed 5 minutes ago when my lil bro told me they no longer make them 
i came back from work &amp; I feel very tired  i want the nearest pillow 2 sleeeeeeep 
I CAME BACK THERE WAS A CAT OUT THERE 
i came on and there is 89 tweets from ella!!!!!!!!! WTF girl !! i missed you  ps only the front row in choir do actions,me you and kerri..
I came out of a meeting with RR Donnelley and they were totally unprepared. I wasted an hour out of my work day 
I came up in French on the exam 
I can almost finally take Driver's Ed! Geez, I am so freakin' young. 
I can already tell its going to be one of those Mondays..  and its already fucking hot too..
I can already tell it's just going to be one of those days 
I can already tell todays gonna be fantastic... Or maybe not  theres a reason i dont come to you youth that much...
I can bake chicken, but not cupcakes 
I can barely breathe it's so hot outside!  And it's only going to get hotter!  
I can barely hear @slowbrohime's dialogue. 
I can be crazy because of this papershyit..  graduation cap.. Im longing of you 
'i can be so mean when i wanna be.' aaah, trufax 
I can breathe now! Stupid flu  
I can control moving money between my PC Finance &amp; ING accounts on the ING site, but since ING doesn't print cheques, not from PC's site. 
i can crack an egg( KATHRYN!) and cook it... but i dropped it  shouldve scrambled em
I can definately say after getting off work, I do NOT have that 'Reunite On Ice, Thats Nice' feeling! 
has buzz on her feet. sweet. very worried 
has caught a cold 
has caught the sun. Glorious weather. Bored as now though and hay fever/cold is driving me nuts. 
has cheated on diet today how gutted am i  once in a while wont hurt to much i guess
Has chest pains again. bad ones. ow. 
has chiggers. 
has class at 8 am and is too stressed and sick to sleep 
Has coffee made and lunch made and is heading off to work yea! 
Has come to light that my drunken Eurovision twitter updates last night (UK) may have ruined the fun for my fellow countrymen in Oz 
has come to realize that she is never going to get married and die alone    
has come to the conclusion that some evil person has stolen my hairdryer 
has completely stuffed up my attempt to sleep through the night.......stupid night shift job 
Has cooked and eaten beehoon and now wondering if there's anyone who will help her to iron clothes. 
has crashed internet  http://plurk.com/p/13v6ht
has created the most unhealthy meal ever  it has 3 types of cheese! it didn't need 3 types of cheese.
has cut her hand washing dishes 
has da Hiccups :'( dey r so annoying  any cures for it
has Dadnapped shown in Singapore? i forgot 
has dark hair again...  i dont like it 
has decided 2 start on my meds again, i may have 2 double them  it's been hellish 4 me 2day.
has decided not to buy boxing - only my first time ever!!! - lol. i gota get up early, so bed early 
I can estimate, but when it comes to burning calories, that's not good enough for me. 
i can feel myself breaking. this is all taking a huge toll on me. i tried.   
i can feel that everybody plays sims 3 excepting me! so frustrating 
I can feel the distance increasing between me and a friend I've known for years. It sucks, but really, we just can't relate anymore. 
I can feel the sickness starting.  My throat muscles are starting to stiffen 
I can finally go to bed now that I know who gets the gold logie,  im disappointed it wasn't rove though  
I can find anything on the internet BUT this. It's driving me insane. 
I can hardly express my joy at doing the same thing 80 times today. No really. 
I can hardly wait till JONAS today.Too bad I have 2 see it 2morrow 
I can hardly wait to come back home... Pleease, let me pass the exam!! 
I can has hometime? 5 day weeks suck 
i can has sleep now? i can't sleep 
i can haz hivez again 
i can HEAR a daddylonglegs on the stairs. not cool. do they not have eyes or something? they just fly into things..all the time..  
i can hear ada and inman meeting 
i can hear my dad snoring from downstairs. poor mommy 
i can hear my sister and her friends watching Transformers. While i am in my room.. Alone 
i can hear the cuckoo constantly screaming ... and i don't have money in my pocket 
I can hear the GP2s going round but can't see them 
I can just walk away. . . .but the hard part is knowing you wont follow 
i dreamt a scary dream  hahahaha
I dreamt I lived in Seattle... cause it's been freakin raining for freakin ever.. someone on the west coast send some shine pls 
I dreamt I was at brainfeeder for some time... 
I dreamt my bank called to confirm a 1 million USD deposit to my account... doesn't count as #nightmare but I woke up crying nonetheless  
I dreamt of HTML tags last night 
I dreamt someone committed suicide w a drip stand!  - http://tweet.sg
i drink too much 
I drive &gt;90mph on a daily basis. u cld film Fast &amp; Furious off of me. But anything  &lt;1 mph is not my forte'. I bump Anything!.  
I dropped conditioner on my foot now there is a bump on it 
I dropped it a little too hard 
i dropped me phone in the toliett...dont ask how! but now its brokenn... ahhhh no new phone for months 
I dropped my brand new blackberry in the toilet!!!! I'm on my curve right now. 
I dropped my DSi yesterday when trying to put it in my pocket so I wouldn't drop it, and now it's got loads of scratches on it 
i dropped my fork and it hit my foot. its bleeding 
I dropped my new camera, denting the metal around the inner lens,  effectively killing the POS 
i dropped my phone last night on the road  first time dropping it all upset coz only just realised now that it has a fair few scratches 
i dropped my phone on the concrete and now there's an ugly scratch on it 
I dropped my phone!  its got a couple of small scratches now. Not cool. Home, ready 2 go 2 bed.
I drove up Mt. Hamilton! But I only brought my phone camera and couldn't take the gorgeous shots of the Valley at night 
I dumped a bottle of stinky formula all down my legs and into my shoes. Must be over worked! Oh well I will just have wet socks &amp; shoes 
I dun hv a excuse to present it frnt ov my sir .. 
i dunno  my head hurtsss
Has decided to fuck everything and jump on a train to London. I need my best friend. I fail at everything without her. 
has decided to leave girltime and is no longer a camgirl 
has definately got post concert blues  and hates it  im off to partaay goodbye
has dentist tomorrow  so im off to bed now nighty night xx
Has developed a very nasty cough in the past day 
has died a little inside. Big Brother is back on the tv 
Has different messages on twittier and tweetdeck. Methinks I am missing some stuff. 
has discovered that stress can lead to a lack of sleep...  suck!  
Has dizzy disease 
has DJ Talent song in his head, and has had for the last few days  Bad Times.
has done laundry, is writing his essay. No money, no credit, no cigarettes. Looks like today is going to be productive 
has done nothing but watched TLC all day @_stephiemarie I miss you toooo and gummie bears 
has dry eyes  http://plurk.com/p/13u2h1
has dust allergies. this sucks BIG TIME! 
Has eaten 5 ginger biscuits today, at 10am, and for some reason is still not hungry. What's up with me 
has eaten four cheese burgers and *sigh* a soda.  I was doing so well...
I can never do better than 98% on guitar hero 
I can never remember my twitter password 
I can never rly be 100% myself.....  johnnyboyxo is on stickam (: x CemeteryDrive x
I can no longer get @replies by SMS since twe2 died 
I can no longer say.. &quot;hey look its my school&quot;  im going to cry now
I can not believe I'm going to miss the playoffs today  Meeting up w/ my cousins at Circus Circus.. ugh.
I can NOT believe the year has gone so flippin' fast. I move next door in one week! One Week?!?! Oh wait, finals first. 
I can not believe these storms! I normally enjoy a good t-storm, but these are crazy intense and have kept me awake for over an hour! 
i can not decide whether i want to update to 3.0 or not, i dont wanna lose my jailbreak apps 
I can not get over exactly how many bunnies I saw at UVic today!  I thought it was all an exaggeration.  So cute, 'cept the dead one  
I can not haz headache plz? 
I can not play the video.. 
I can not run songbird 1.2 on Ubuntu!  Searching...
I can not sleeeep. 
I can not sleep�ugh 
I can not tell you how sick and tired I am of rain 
I can not wait for Green Day to come, but IDK if I should get GA or Seating 
I can only hear out of one ear. Not good. 
i can only hold my breath for a min and 20 sec  i thot i culd do more
I can only one way tweet unless i get a dm.  UT's wi:fi hates me 
I can only twitter once a day for thirty minutes  srry guys
I can only update my twitter but i cant reply to posts 
i can really go for some buffalo wings and a nice juicy hamburger..... 
i can really go for the crawfish house tonight! sigh...i dnt like eatin alone 
I can safely add 'The Mist' to my list of movies that i never EVER need to see again.  
i can say that im not amiable... It's hard for me to approach them, 
I can see 3 green punch buggys at this moment. Yet no one i can punch. 
Has everyone at JISC or King's College just had a huge block of email arrive? 
Has everyone else lost facebook for a few hours?????  sad times!
has everyone gone ?  brb
Has everyone gone? 
Has everyone seen &quot;The Hangover&quot; but me...  
has exams this week! Damn GCSE resits 
has exams today 
Has excrutiating back pain from some of the stuff that happened at the hospital Friday. Its awful! 
Has extremly painful cramps 
Has felt like crap for a whole week  need more sleep! Think gonna lose my rag today eek!
has figured out to send group SMS wihout turn MMS setting off first, but somehow feel internet speed becomes very slow 
Has filled out 4 pages of questions, is hot, and is waiting. 
Has FINALLY finished writing out the notes for her maths exam...good times...now just need to read and learn them...bad times 
has finally finshed at the show and is resting but my hand hurts cause i burnt it today. 
has finally got a job at mackies and is now sat in college falling asleep, bored out my head! 
has finally got his suit for the prom! I feel so grown up 
Has finally left work. 
has finally vowed not to have anymore desserts in her fridge.She needs sweets, she eats an apple  Give me strength and wisdom,good Lord!
has finised hours and hours of maths revision  maths exam 2morrow 
has finished 2 assignments, 1 left to go...&amp; it's PAD. 
has finished all her grapes 
I can see my future in June that I have less Xbox Live time. 
I can see the light... oh wait, that's the sun rising. 
I can sense an incoming fever...and I'm here at one of the most chillin' places in the world. Sucks! 
I can sleep.  Drama at work is getting to me.  
I can slowly but surely feel my voice going.. 
i can smell food...but i cant taste any.....it smells so good too  should be ready soon. if not, i'll cry :'( i'm failing at typing now 
I can spend most of my session life time on studyin mr. Fs classes  but never pass d exam on time.I always fail 
I can still remember how to play Breathe (2AM) on the violin and now I'm sad I don't have one. 
i can survive on donoughts and moutain dew but im dissapoited theres no penute butter 
I can tell I'll be sick today  ugh
i can tell my hair dye is starting to wash out because my gray hair is coming back  haha
I can tell that today is going to be a bad day. Im already in a crap ass mood 
I can tell this is going to be the worst day of my life 
I can tell today is going to be a bad day. 
I can thank Rihanna, her Umbrella song &amp; 5hr ride to the beach 2 yrs ago for teaching my then 5yo that its umbrella not UNDERBRELLA 
i can&quot;t figure out how to twitter from my phone 
I can`t stand this!!!Just saw the last episode of 3rd season of Supernatural  Poor Dean ...  have to watch 4th season on english soon!
i can´t find my friend alejandra  i don´t understand this....
I can’ wait until summer v. I’m stuck inside working on a project, I’m soo board.   + I have 2 study for a German test on Wednesday. 
I canceled the Self-Control workshop for today, rain 
i can�t blipping some tunes, i�m not on my pc, hope it will be not out of order ... i�m going nuts! 
I can�t see my background... 
I can�t sleep, I'm really bored.... 
I cannot actually believe that we have to do another #SharePoint rebuild. I've lost count!!! Never mind time... Ugh. Cup of tea time 
I cannot add my ringtones in my cell phone ... So frustating 
I cannot beleave gas is going back up! They are now saying  it will be up to $3.00 a gal. by the 4th  
i dunno how to do this LIVE thing yet..... 
I dunno if I fancied him. And I dunno if I miss him. 
I dunno if it's b/c I'm sick or sleep-deprived or both, but I just slept 11 hrs and feel like I slept 2  boo
I dunno what to do. I wish I could hang out with my 2 best friends. Sadly, this isn't possible 
I Dunno Y But I Feel Like Crying  I Feel Sad
i eat too much 
i eat too much. 
I eated my ipod like a cookie 
i ell you, CALDA PIZZA really sucks! i just got my money wasted! 
i encourage you to never buy a pair of rainbow sandals..they will tear up your feet like nobody's business 
I ended up at a Black Keys concert last night. There were some delightful characters there. Though I did not see @buttonbuttontv. 
I ended up bumming a ride from my mom. I hate doing it, but she's heading the same way, and I had to get to class.  stupid late bus.
I ended up falling asleep right at the end of Top Chef! Lame! I also woke up an hour before my alarm went off. That means I should clean. 
I enjoy the fact that this house possesses a computer... though can't stay online long. I think it's going to be storming in Singapore 
I enjoyed going to Reni Chan's concert in Karaoke Top Tunes!  Anyway, fun time's over.  It's back to REALITY! 
i envy ally and @sarahyulia  fuck ally's facebook album man! makes me damn depressed!
I envy EVERYONE thats not working today.l Such a nice day 
I even forgot that tomorrow (June 19th) was our anniversary.  I am an idiot.
i even had ice cream wit chocolate chip in a big waffle cone &amp; it didnt help my poor heart feel better 
I even tried to get my friends to add his widget and everythin 
has finished college  bring on the summer though!
has finished her exams! can't believe the relief i..&amp; knowing you're already in winter semester (week4) &amp; have an essay due in 3 days 
has finished seasons 1-3 of the office  sad times.
has finished uni early and has a debate to write up 
has finished work but has &quot;homework&quot; to do  FML
has Finland sleeping for the night, not really enough time 
Has five hours to write my my turn... 
has flu strands a and b  goes back to the doctor tomoro for swine flu testing.
has food poisoning 
has found a poor dead fishie in her pond... Didnt even know I HAD any fish in my pond!! Bloody big coy carp too!! 
has found her awesome hat....but its a bit crushed 
has found her passport and is revising maths  
has found out that I was snoring loudly. Must have been sleeping on my back 
has freezing ears!! 
Has given up his wow account due to lack of funding 
has gone down -0.16 since last karma update.  http://plurk.com/p/rdoj6
has gone down in flames in game 1 
has gone from being a non-smoker to being a chain smoking fiend in a matter of 2 hours 
has got a banging headache 
has got a bloody annoying fly in her room buzzing away. Grrrrr! Bugger off you little sod!!! I hate insects!!! 
i cannot believe i am working today. Your own business does not necessarily mean a lot of free time 
I cannot believe I haven't seen my babe all week. Been busy with work and helping my pops move  But tomorrow I get too! Wooo!
i cannot believe i just lost my keys  down the side of the train 
I cannot believe I'm leaving for france tommorow 
i cannot believe i'm still here 
I cannot believe josh just ran a toll  I'm so scared of the fine
I cannot believe my vacation is over.    Transducers and bullshit, here I come.
i cannot believe shakesomeaction returns properly the night before i get my tonsils outttt, no fair 
I cannot believe that jim died on the ghost whisperer  so sad  how could he die  how? They were so cute and he was so nice  &lt;/3
I cannot believe that the BNP got a seat in Yorkshire for the European elections. That's honestly atrocious  badtimesindeed.
I cannot believe the ties of my jump suit i'm wearing just got covered in wee wee as they fell down the toilet as i was peeing! I smell! 
i cannot change the letter color on settings! 
I cannot dance when I am sober 
i cannot do this coursework 
I cannot draw to save my life 
I CANNOT FIGURE OUT HALF OF THE SONGS ON SOME OF THESE CDS 
I cannot figure out how to upload a stupid picture  heeeeelp!
I cannot find my ID badge for work and its driving me CRAZY!! I hate when I can't find things, its a personal pet peeve of mine!! grrr 
I cannot find the strength in me to get up and get ready for work...  8am on sunday.. Who does that?!
I cannot get the prospect of an ice cold negra modelo off my mind right now. i need a break, i feel torn in all directions 
i cannot haz computer after beers was spilled on it. 
I cannot sleep 
I cannot sleep and I do not know what I am sick with. Everything is wroooong. 
I cannot stay up any longer 
I cannot take it anymore. SUPER HEAVY AH THIS CURLY THING ON MY HEAD!! Super hot some more omg   - http://tweet.sg
I cannot understand my 2 year old  she needs/wants something + I don't know what it is. She's crying all the time boo.
i cannot wait for school to be over. i hate homework 
I cannot wait to finish work today, the atmosphere is not good 
I cannot wait until Real Housewives of Atlanta come back on Nene is the realest bitch know 2 man...I'm sad they got rid of Deshawn tho 
I can't    only complaint w/ nambu so far.
i cant access my gmail... 
I can't add a picture and change the colors  
i cant add i picture right now theyre all too big 
i can't add twitter on my phone !!!!      help me !!!! please
i cant adopt coz im 2 young 
i cant apply for my dream job...  stupid babys r us
I can't attend Geek Meet http://tinyurl.com/cj9j46.  So sad. Working in the same time frame.
I can't barely move - my back is killing me 
I can't be alone with my thoughts they are keeping me up and its very distressing! 
I cant be arsed to go to work today.. 
i cant be botherd getting ready. My skins all ikkyy 
i cant be more sad 
I can't be offended by the truth 
I can't be the only person who thinks the #trendingtopics are lame right now.... 
i can't bear to part with half the shit on my pc, even though the blue screens come up heaps in the past day 
i cant beat that  but i love youuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i cant believ how tired i am, i feel like falling asleep at  this very desk 
I can't believe .. Pak is going to win the world cup today 
I can't believe @_ashesss is gonna make me watch harry potter when it comes out even though I don't like it and she's gonna be in hawaii! 
i cant believe @jonasbrothers didn't thank GOD on LVATT!! :O this was very disapointing 
I can't believe adam didn't win 
I can't believe an entire plane full of people, a BIG plane full of people just disappeared. This is absolutely screwed up. 
I can't believe andrew macmahon is in jones beach right now, and im not. 
I can't believe apple is putting yet another store in NYC and still not one in queens  come on apple... atlas park is perfect for a store
I can't believe Automata is winning this Penny Aracde vote. I thought Lookouts would be a shoe-in 
I cant believe Cairon got evicted .. Ugh im so annoyed ..  .. I hate halfwit .. ! ! !
I can't believe calan is moving. 
I CANT BELIEVE COMIC--CON IS ALREADY SOLD OUT! BOO! THIS IS LIKE THE 2ND YR I MISS IT 
i can't believe dicko was fired 
I expected to much out of this week and i got nothing much out of it.  fuck.
I fail @ life so far this week  going home right after I got to school
i fail at cooking  the muffins are alright but the icing looks like sick! 
I fail at drawing.  I feel so lame right now. I should be about to work on Act Two, not still working on Act Zero!
I fail at level 16 of crazy cube 
I fail at life. Mum has to go for a wake the moment I got home. I should've stayed out awhile longer. 
I fail at making youtube videos! I started off making one.....it took me like 3 hours and i gave up!!! 
i fail at memorizing songs 
i fail for two resons today first is i have just made a new cd and now know of another song i wish to be one it and 2 iv ran out of cd's 
I failed 3 out of 5 units of mytafe!  now I gotta do the entire units again!!!!! &gt;= (
I failed A.math benchmark test agaiiiiiin! 
I failed at driving just now 
I failed at my attempt to make muffins.....just got back from Jewel! 
I failed my science taks... 
i failed science 
I failed the test. 
I failed, I can't train, my chest beat me! 
I failz at speeling 
I fainted at work  it was scary. I can feel there's something wrong in my body but it's hard to explain to doctors. Even hot doctor.
I fall asleep and didnt get to see the jonas brothers web cast  ... Still tierd
I fall in love with Jake more each week. And each week it makes me more sad I didn't harrass him in Melbourne  http://tinyurl.com/otztyr
I fancy a short break somewhere in the UK. Yes, the UK! I would research it but internet hasn't been working since yesterday. Boo 
I farted and it woke me up and it smelled like got sauce but more like poop 
I farted on my dog and now everytime I go near him he runs away  FML
I fear for the day bebots (beboers) come onto twitter and wreck it like they do every other social network 
I fear I won't get the Muse presale email because I only found out and signed up to the mailing list yesterday 
I fear my party will be lonely tonight... ah well. 
I fear that that #f1 bluffing will go too far 
I f'ed up our flight yesterday causing us to miss our flight today. Not to mention how much it's all costing to get home 
i feeeeel siiiiccckkkk ! can't do anything, i feel like dying  cant read to any test or do homework. i feeel like crap
i feeeel effin nauseous and still have more of an essay to write. not to mention 2 exams tmmw. looks like hot chocolate was a bad idea 
I feeel soo lonely... Everyones out enjoying their last day of high school while I get the worst of the worst time ever! Save me, please 
I feeelll happpppppppppy, just set up the damn computer already! 
I feel  sick.  how are you guys?
I feel ... Weird.  shoot.
I feel a bit down that I couldn't make it to this year's Botcon. 
I feel a bit poorly  its me, stevie(my hot water bottle) and a bit chico debarge 2nite
I feel a kinda achy all of the sudden,and really cold 
I feel a little bad, I could not help a friend  .....
i feel a little fever coming on  will you rub my back?
i feel a little strange about things today 
I feel a lot better! I was sleeping most of today! Too bad I missed a fun day at school today!  
I feel a migraine coming on 
I feel a million times better today, but woke up with a hangover-like headache 
I feel a pain in my stomach when rock band is mentioned. All my progress somehow got deleted! I was a rock immortal! 
I feel abandoned I had 26 follwers this morning now I have 22, miss one day on twitter and people leave you  
i feel absoloutly terrible.  sooooo sick.
I feel absolutely shit and I hate everyone right now 
i feel all depressed from staying home from school. i hate my doctor 
I Feel all stuffy and weak think i just may have a cold 
I feel alone and empty... 
I feel an upset stomach coming... 
I feel another migraine coming 
I feel as if I'm gonna throw up.. Stuck at home feeling sick 
i feel as if life has no purpose except suffering 
I feel as though i may vomit. No joke. 
i feel ashamed i lost to Cassidy 
I feel asleep watching TV and Ashlyn woke me up crying  My poor baby don't feel good 
I feel awful today and want to just go back to bed.  Too bad my kids aren't old enough to babysit themselves 
i feel awful! I can't breathe and my nose is stopped up. Ughhh kill me now 
i feel awful! i'm starving, but everytime i eat i throw up! i feel fine until something's in my stomach 
I feel awful.  stupid migrane. Fuck you.
I feel AWFUL. stupid bloody headache. And sooo dizzy. 
i feel awful... its my little sisters 18th today and i havnt been able to get through to her on the phone to say Happy Birthday... 
I feel awkward after that pat down 
I feel bad  Amy was stretched out sleeping but I had to kick her out the room for the night
I feel bad about jon and kate 
i feel bad at honking at some lady not making a left at the light. 
I feel bad because i'm too busy all the time 
i feel bad for all of the sad naive children who think they are connecting with real people on here 
I feel bad for all the little fried up slugs on the sidewalk, they had a couple days of cloud coverage and rain, but the sun is out now. 
i feel bad for che ming wang though, he cant seem to get it together... and has an ERA of 30+ 
I feel bad for Chuck Bass. 
I feel bad for France 
I feel bad for laughing at Hollie Steel on BGT. and then going on youtube to laugh again. Imma bad persona 
i feel bad for not doing anything for our dog. we know that our dog is getting worse and it's so sad that Saturn died too soon. 
i feel bad for not tweeeting all day 
I feel bad for our softball team 
i feel bad for perez hilton because he got punched 
I feel bad for that little girl  bad parenting
I feel bad for that poor snake plushie.   He wasn't treated well.
I feel bad for the @TokBox elevator. He's always working. 
I feel bad for the old people who have to take &gt;10 drugs in order to maintain their body's homeostasis.  
I feel bad letting my friends down, but I feel like crap tonight. 
i feel bad that i didnt get my daddy anything for fathers day  and im starving right now, no joke
I feel bad that I've been too sick to go out &amp; get mum a present  Do they have post Mother's Day sales?
I feel bad that trees have to die in order for companies to send me junk mail I don't want. 
I feel bad with Bf. 
I feel bad, I smoked in Igor this morning 
I feel bad, so i should go to sleep.  Night y'all twitters!:* muak
I feel bad. I forgot Zac's birthday!  Boo me.
I feel beat up... Between work and my life i'm just wishing I was living a different life 
i feel better (i hope!) still feeel crap from last night  and worst thing is i cant fix what is making me feel like shit
i feel better. electric = pd. tmobile = pd. yaaaa food now? @sorryna wake up 
I feel blah.  Only a few days of school left though! Woo.
I feel completely rubbish - have tonsillitis 
I feel crazy for only sleeping 1 hour? or less? My head hurts 
I feel dead without my morning smoke  Quit smoking is a bitch T.T
i feel dead. ahhh so sick 
i feel dead... 
I feel depressed over this stupid sinus infection. I just don't feel normal! 
I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died!  So sad 
I can't believe filming is finished for New Moon  Now we wait until August for Eclipse to begin then New Moon the movie comes out in Nov
I can't believe final exam is next week! I don't even remember the subject on 1st semester 
I can't believe GM is bankrupt  I have a GM cars 
I can't believe he'll be back tomorrow. This will be the 1st time he comes home &amp; I won't be the first person to see him 
I can't believe how big she's getting.  http://mypict.me/2ltr
I can't believe how fast my little girls have grown..  
I can't believe how much my hours have been cut!! While others hours are full time??!?! I need a new job! or at least part time! 
I can't believe how ur close friends can just be the biggest jerks to you when what ever happens isn't even your fault 
I cant believe how worthless he makes me feel. 
I can't believe i already lost my turtle necklace 
I cant believe I am going to bed this early on a Fri but thats what ya gotta do when you have to work all day sat 
I can't believe I am graduating today...this sucks 
I can't believe I am leaving Australia in about three weeks 
i cant believe i am like...the only person not seeing transformers tonight. WTF. someone come get me 
I can't believe I am still awake. This Sucks. I can't sleep. 
i cant believe i broke my laptop  hopefully its fixable!
i can't believe i cut off my bangs.this is me trying not to give a shit 
i cant believe i didnt win crap! i had people singing along, waving phones, blah blah blah... and walked out with nothing 
i cant believe i forgot to record man vs. wild. 
I can't believe I gotta to work today 
I cant believe i had to pay $2 for a perfectly good text book. Others returned worse and paid less. I wanted ice cream 2day. guess not 
I cant believe I have a cold AND hayfever. Typical! Gahh. I hate being ill 
i cant believe i have sooo much work to do when the weather is so nice, i want to be frollicing in the sun 
i cant believe i have to do a summer project    book report  
I can't believe I have to go back to school tomorrow. 
I can't believe I have to send my shoes back to Nike because of a tear in the swoosh... It took so long for it to get here the first time 
I can't believe I have to wait until I get back to California b4 I can get LVATT  I need that cd! 2 more days...
i feel depressed to be back in Seattle again... 
i feel depressed...confused...anything but happy today and tomorrow 
I feel disgusing. And cant' sleep 
I feel down 
I feel down    &lt;_-*Mary Oh So Poppingsz*-_&gt; I know you JELLY of me !!!
I Feel Down... because i was just about to give up again on a dream.. because it was not going my way 
I feel enslaved bc I'm paying 50 bucks for unlimited minutes and that's awesome but I use more data than actual minutes 
i feel even worse than yesterday ... 
I feel even worse.  I don't feel like I can say anything I want to on here because people will read it and get upset. So I just.. idk.
I feel everything coming to a close when really it's just the beginning, I'm just a little dae to be out in the real world 
i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden, like my stomach wasn't ready to resume peristalsis after the events of two nights prior 
i feel extremely depressed right now. 
I feel far too old. No hit and young kids  I could cry lowkey
I feel fattttt  crunches?!   Goodnight!
I feel for people in Iran 
I feel for the families of the plane crash disaster, being one myself 
i feel gloomy today. my pal's father died yesterday. i didn't know diabetes can be that fatal. 
i feel good but tired =/ lol I NEED PLANSS!!!!!! 
I feel good now. I think I'm moving on. And getting sick again 
I feel groggy today. 
I feel guilty and selfish 
I feel guilty when I'm happy these days. Sad thing 
I feel guilty. Oh well, at least I'm being productive with school work. Where does the weekend go? 
I feel heartbroken leaving F21 w/out this sweater cardigan.  http://tinyurl.com/mevh33
i feel heavy again 
i feel horrible , what a day. started way to early 
I feel horrible! I slammed my dogs  tail in the car door. 
I feel HORRIBLE.  I wish the party could've been more physical. Damn dares.
I feel horrible. I think I'm going to spend today with time to myself. I need some things to change... Why me? When is it my turn? 
I feel horrible. I wish whatever this is would go away. Time to crawl on my couch with the coke and crackers 
I feel hungry agaaaain! 
I feel hungry when i look at my picture now   i want a cupcake.
i feel i belong in the gutter... 
i feel i need a hug 
I feel i need to get closer with my friends. Im feeling distant from everyone 
I feel I should have stayed longer, however when the nurse looked at me I just wanted out. That wasn't a real &quot;husbandry&quot; thing of me 
I feel I should reward myself for #fixedbytm2 release in 2 hours... but I'm all out of Tim Tams 
i feel icky now 
I feel icky. text and make me smile? 
i feel iffy 
i feel ill  dashboard confessional is keeping me company though- hands down- best memories ever!! 2003 rocked!!
i feel ill. i am not keen on pizza hut chocolate cake. or cold pizzas. or silly pizza hut drivers without sat nav. 
I feel ill.. Didn't go to work.. Too much happenings I guess, my body is not used to it anymore 
I feel kind of bad  We were in the hospital room playing D&amp;D when my friend's mom finally passed away.
i feel kind of bad for perez hilton... i know he can be rude, but people are saying really terrible and homophobic things about him 
I feel kinda bad cuz I'm at my g-mas (again) and this time I'm sleeping over and I'm upstairs tweeting... 
I feel kinda beachy today... too bad I'm not actually at one 
i feel kinda ready for tomorrow. Miss @Jooliver19 big time 
I feel lazy because im not dancing! 
I feel lazy watching other people work on my roof!  Kat Woman OUT 
I feel left out 
I feel left out because I haven't seen transformers yet 
i feel left out because the storm decided to miss morgantown 
I FEEL LEFT OUT HERE.  I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON.*TEAR*
I feel left out with all of this Apple Buz with the iPhone 3G S. *sniffle* 
i feel less than nothin'.. lower than zero.. 
i feel lik ur trynna make us feel guilty!  @sweetaddictions
I feel like @iamdiddy but nowhere near 100k figures 
I feel like 100% crap today...      blah
I feel like a 80yr old granny today 
I feel like a 90 year old woman...exhausted before midnight on a Friday night 
i feel like a bitch, but i am not at all excited for the people in my classes next year. i'm going to miss ap euro so much 
I feel like a bunch of needles are pricking every inch of my body... 
I feel like a celebrity when I walk in the bank! Everyone's like hi Yaneri, I'll help you! Too bad this isnt my money  lol
I feel like a complete idiot. I'm the only one who doesn't get how this shit works  help me 
I feel like a dead man walking. ugh cant even type properly today. 
I feel like a dumbass. I just spent the last hour implementing something that comes with the library I’m using; I just didn’t see it. 
I can't believe I have to wait until November  This SUCKS
I can't believe I left my cell at phone  I feel lost without it!
I cant believe i missed graduation 
I can't believe I paid five bucks for these damn fries!! Clearly LAX is in no recession! 
I can't believe I spent all my Amazon money..  .. I loved getting all sorts of stuff for free.. time to start earning more! 
I can't believe I stayed up this late writing a blog entry. I need my sanity reexamined. And I'll never get to start my book now. 
I can't believe I still don't know where my keys are 
i can't believe i was at the right place at the right time and i didn't do anything! 
I can't believe I was left in his &quot;gaming&quot; bag all weekend, since Thursday night 
I can't believe I was so close of McFly! I wish i could meet them, snifff!! 
I can't believe I was talking to a fake Jenna Fischer on here the whole time.  I was punked!!  But my day was productive so life is good.
I cant believe i work 2-6 today. I wish i can stay home all day. 
i can't believe ian crawford quit the cab  i'm really sad.
i can't believe i'll be 20 next yr. gosh im getting old 
I can't believe I'm 21 and still don't have my license. No one ever has the time to take me driving so I can just get used to it &amp; pass. 
I can't believe I'm a work on a day like this boo who 
I can't believe i'm about to go to my last class ever in Australia 
I can't believe I'm at work on a day like this, it's glorious outside again and I'm in a tin can 
i can't believe i'm crying about lost music, it's like i lost my life 
I can't believe im de-toxing with Green Tea.... 
I can't believe I'm finished high school! 
I can't believe I'm fucking watching The fucking Hills right fucking now.  Why couldn't I be at the No Doubt show 
i can't believe i'm getting a puppy tonight! although im still pissed about my youtube suspension.. 
I can't believe I'm going back to school tomorrow!!!! 
I can't believe I'm going to miss Boys Like Girls when they come down... 
i cant believe im graduating, life goes by way too quickly. from barney and nap time to lucky charms, i truly miss those days  grad nite!
I can't believe I'm in the much pain from using the paper cutter...ouch...my poor back 
i cant believe im leaving. it makes me sad 
I cant believe Im missing @hillsongunited tomorrow!   so bummed!!
I cant believe im missing him  i think i still love him T.T
I feel like a fool to be honest 
I feel like a jackass I'm missing my friends graduation parties....  gunna be cuttin it close on a lot of them 
I feel like a loser in elementary school that no one wanted to play on the playground with. 
I feel like a lost puppy without my phone. 
i feel like a noob. I played 14 hours of #WoW and only made it to level 19 as a hunter  too many DMs and WSGs.
i feel like a piece of crap right now. 324 dollars and 4 cents wasted. 
I feel like a Republican. I stay loosin. 
I feel like a rotisserie chicken right now, I am sooooo hot  hoping for thunderstorms soon! #yeg
i feel like a scoop of ice cream that dropped off a sad little kid's cone at an amusement park on hot summer day. i wish i had a pool 
I feel like a shitty friend because I can't do anything 
I feel like a slow ass. I still want the pictures off my LG 
I feel like a terrible Spartan. Someone asked me how to the Breslin Center on the river trail today and I didn't know the way.  #MSUFAIL
i feel like a total outcast because i don't know what this #nerdprom thing is. 
I feel like a tweaker. its 2:30 and I'm like scrubbing every surface in my room. i want to colorrr! i need a coloring book 
I feel like a walking shit heap. When did I become such a horrible friend? 
i feel like all my closest friends hate me 
I feel like an 80 year old woman. WTF is wrong with my body  Need a MASSIVE massage, then a hot tub..too bad I will get neither.
i feel like an ant 
I feel like an old man today, i make moaning noises everytime i move and i can't walk properly.  I'm not a happy bunny 
I feel like an unemployed person... I have nothing to do the whole day 
i feel like Australia is written for me. then i remember i live in cali.  http://bit.ly/hfHhQ
i feel like changing my blog skin cos im so sick of it but im too lazy to 
I feel like crap 
I feel like crap  . . Ugh class tomorrow 
I feel like crap  being old sucks! 
I feel like crap and I wish my boyfriend was here to lay in bed and make me feel better 
I feel like crap i hate being sick 
I feel like crap no bowling party tonight 
I feel like crap on this fine mornin... gettin sick  I need my medicine
I feel like crap this morning...  I feel like I have a hang-over but I didn't even drink anything. Sux!
has got a cold  hope it aint swine flu like
Has got a cold  x
has got a cold, on y first day of summer holidays! 
has got a cold..on my first day of summer holidays! 
has got a day of busy revisin for 2mros history exam, oh gawsh 
has got a feeling Murray's match will be going to 4 sets at least. 
has got a history assessment to do 
has got a mortgage bill and council tax bill in the post. I forgot once you buy a flat you have to start paying for it not only furniture 
Has got a poorly cold. 
has got a sudden migrane. Owwwwww.  I need to be home...  now.
has got an exam on friday grr  need to revise but cant be bothered!!
Has got back from holiday!!  and allready wants to go away again to sunbathe and drink cocktails! x
has got Beyone - Diva stuck in my head despite the fact that I detest her! 
has got her self in a mighty mess and is hence very unhappy at this moment in time 
Has got her self in trouble with Mr Savage 
has got homework to do 
has got pins &amp; needles and dizzy so going to lie down before I faint 
has got really bad cold, thanks my darling husband. you rock for giving me this. 
has got so much stuff to do!!!...wanna be at the beach though! 
Has got to drive 260 miles today 
has GOT to get some rest!!!! Why do I say that everyday??? Just one day of rest people....is that asking too much??? 
Has got to go job center again shortly. Woop. Fun times 
Has got to go to the dentist today...... 
has got to revise today!!!!  miami sooooon 
has got work again today 
has gotta go to the garage. 
Has gotten rid of 2 kittens today. One more left   school starts back tomorrow
i feel like crap today. im really not in the mood for anything or seeing anyone. 
I feel like crap wish that the cramps would go away 
I feel like crap! Ahhh major headache!  Someone cheer me up???
i feel like crap!! 
I feel like crap. Hopefully I can make it through the day. 
I feel like crap. I think I'm going to bake myself #twowholecakes and eat them. Yes, all by myself. 
I feel like crap. Just what I need, another sinus infection 
I feel like crap. Urgh. 
I feel like crap. Yay for sore throats..I'm going back to sleep 
I feel like crap.... 
I feel like crap..... now I understand the phrase No music No life 
I FEEL LIKE CRAP...... 
i feel like crying  so muchhh to think about!
I feel like crying looking at chemistry  Save me! Anyone?
I feel like crying! One of my diamond earrings fell out my ear bc it was loose and I can't find it. I've had them forever 
i feel like crying.   
i feel like crying. its too painful. 
I feel like dancing but i cant  http://bit.ly/WqISW
I feel like death and I can't stop throwing up, can I please go home? 
I feel like death is swarming over...i'm so sick right now 
I feel like death right now.   Hopefully it's Swine flu .
i feel like death walking 
I feel like death, can't even believe I'm at work right now 
i feel like death. oh, how i love being sick. 
i feel like dyeing right now... 
I feel like eating french fries with garlic sauce again... Even tho I had such an intense work-out this morning... 
I feel like everything just keeps getting worse 
I feel like getting wasted right now, but I have nothing to drink  #wasted #drunk #plowed
I feel like giving up 
I feel like I am a failure..... 
i feel like i am going to be sick, this is not good  lots of things to do tomorrow
I feel like I am nothing but just a THING !!  
I feel like I can grab him because he is so close, but really he is so far away... 
I feel like i could use a lil comfort. Work SUCKED today. 
I feel like I gained weight  I think it's all the beer I've been drinking  learned to drink beer a month a go BAD!
has had a great weekend but doesn't want to go to work tomorrow 
has had a hard day at work  ....back tomorrow though!!!!!!
has had a headache all day 
has had a headache for 3 days and need to do coursework  cant be boverd
has had a headache for god knows how long. 
has had a little accident and may have broken her nose, add that to my totally rubbish day   Wheres the chocolate ice cream?
has had a lonely Youth Day 
has had a lot of experiences on nursing placement. and nearly cried yesterday at the old folks home 
has had a lovely tuna salad off the gmtv bikini diet this is the best diet ive ever done so much yummy food !!!! im now off bk 2 work 
has had a productive day of study, however is still really nervous for her italian exam tomorrow 
has had a real bad day 
has had a really bad weekend  hopefully this week will be better.. i doubt it somehow haha
has had a really unproductive day  I've got loads to doo arghh
Has had a rough and unproductive day. Including a broken drum, a broken DVD, and the song I got to practice is just a blank cd. 
has had a rough time, bel had chickenpox and poor honey my 9yr old bunny had to be put down. really really sad right now 
has had a terrible migraine since last night that's brought on nausea... 
has had a very bad day 
has had a very crappy day 
has had a whole week off the bikes! looking after a child and a partner recovering from surgery is not leaving me free time to ride 
Has had an incredibly boring week and day.  hopefully next week will be better!
has had an interview today with a company who kills animals for luxury.  http://plurk.com/p/10znkq
has had anxiety for a good part of today. Still feelin' it now even though I'm home from work.  I need to find a different job A.S.A.P.!!!
I feel like I got run over by a bus.    I thought I would feel better by now.
I feel like I had the wrong major in college and now have the wrong career. I wish I had made better choices. I shouldn't be an engineer. 
I feel like I have a ton suitcase balancing on my head, if i move it left or right it feels all icky. Boo. 
I feel like I have been gargling with acid and my nose is completely blocked. I hate sickness! Crappy thing is, I have an exam today! 
I feel like I have summer classes studying for this damn test...smh 
I feel like I haven't seen most of my friends in ages. What the eff? 
I feel like I haven't slept at all. It's going to be a long day 
I feel like I haven't slept in months. Time to get up anyways. 
I feel like i havent talked to tay bear in forever  and i would say i miss him, but then i would have to fix it. And i cant.
I feel like I just bought a whole entire Sephora.  But STILA WENT BANKRUPT!!!!!!!! Had to buy some faves while they're available 
i feel like i just had an injection on my left arm. especially somewhere around the joint area. 
i feel like i just lost my best friend 
I feel like I just ran a marathon.   THANKS JACOB.
I feel like I keep missing out on fun nights downtown... stupid work! 
i feel like i let someone down  and i really would never want to let sed person down  but i'm gonna be pretty much a hermit for a month
I feel like I lost the ability to formulate really good stuff. Like I can't do stories and poetry anymore. And it hurts 
I feel like I may have pulled a stitch when playing with Star   Felt it getting into the car and might have to take it easy tonight...
I feel like I messed up really bad, but I don't know how to fix it. 
i feel like i need a hug. 
i feel like i need to cry so hard. 
I feel like i never even fell asleep  oh well. Long day of fun fun work ahead! Lol
i feel like i should be in london  
I feel like I should be something better all the time. Just for you. It sucks. 
I feel like i shouldnt watch the new moon trailer until i get a chance to read that book. 
I feel like I slept with a freight train on my back. Good Morning Twitters. I'm sore as hell 
I feel like I sold my brother down the river and I feel like I'm always to blame 
I feel like I wanna cry 
I feel like I will never catch up in English or math.     
i feel like ice-tea. i drank mine all 
I feel like ickyness...  plus my baby kitty is sick which makes it worse....
I feel like I'm bein punished in the worst way...but I dont know what I did wrong.....I'm just want to give up cuz this is too difficult 
I feel like I'm being punished yet I know I didn't do anything wrong 
has had anxiety for a good part of today. Still feelin' it now even though I'm home from work.  I need to find a new job SOON!!!
has had better days off   Back to work now though ;-))
has had enough today... why does everything have to be so complicated? 
has had enough...  roll on a new week!!! x
has had soup all week for my lunch whilst every1 else in my office munchies on Mac D's, subway, chocolate... 
has had the flu pass unto me by andy...went shopping and got fresh chicken for chicken soup...but no d&amp;d this sat ...is a sad panda 
Has had the worst day ever  :'( I hate bitching, I hate backstabbers!! Also R.I.P uncle, u were my last memory of my grandad  xxxxx
has had theee best holiday but is not looking forward to going back to work on Monday booo 
has had too much to deal with lately, there comes a point when your body says &quot;can't&quot; no matter how hard you try otherwise!  miss home
has had two cups of coffee and it is still making no effect whatsoever 
has headache and a tummyache but on the bright side, college monday.... oh yey 
has heartburn 
has heatstroke and is really poorly 
has her english exam today 
has her english midterms tomorrow! 
has her exam in like 2 and a half hours 
has her exam in nearly an hour 
Has her last last assignment of her degree to do today.  Then... unemployed 
has her last official day of work today!  Too bad there is no way I can get my school stuff cleaned up and organized by the end of today. 
has her marketing exam today  BAD TIMES! last time i ever have to go into college! except for results day DAMMIT! Not long till dry bar &lt;3
has her new phone, but the battery is crap. has to wait for a new one  oh well I can still flip it ooooo
has her student loan through, not that it makes any difference, im still fecking broke 
Has hey there delilah stuck in her head. Thanks @honusjonas 
Has Hiccups and coughs again 
has hiccups.  http://plurk.com/p/yycc8
has his new M4400 w/ Core2 Extreme X9100 &amp; SSE4.1 64-bit buildchain finally rebuilt, but also found an igraph/ARPACK regression 
I feel like I'm being stared at by everyone 
i feel like im coming down with something 
I feel like I'm coming down with something. My throat and body is sore. I need to lie down  is it 5 yet?!
I feel like im driving a monster truck! I hate big cars!!  trying not to run over small animals...
I feel like I'm going crazy without my car 
I feel like I'm going crazy without my car  #squarespace
I feel like im going to die  my tummy is killing me!!
i feel like im going to snezze and my nose is really hurting!! 
I feel like im going to throw up. so sick today 
I feel like I'm going to toss my cookies 
I feel like I'm going to upchuck. 
i feel like im gonna haev a baby but i just have to break the seal. it hurts 
i feel like i'm in HS... i want more followers 
I feel like im just talking to myself. 
I feel like I'm legit dying...I just want to curl up and die. aHhhh  
I feel like I'm living a particularly boring Palahniuk book. This is not fair since I've been pushing all of last year to be Pratchett-y. 
I feel like I'm losing a friend to a guy 
I feel like I'm missing out... not watching Real Housewives. 
I feel like I'm on an iPhone lull... can't seem to make new programs 
I feel like I'm physically gna be sick cause I'm tired, nervous, scared, hungry, claustrophobic + much more 
i feel like i'm quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye, go away already! 
I feel like i'm starting to get sick. Eh. 
I feel like I'm talking to myself  haha Hello WORLD!!!!!
I feel like I'm the only person in the world who has to work Saturdays 
I feel like ima puke that titos up 
I feel like ish  watching movies in bed then sleeping forever
i feel like its all my fault  what an awful feeling.
I feel like i've been hit by a Ford Alton F-650 XUV, and let me tell ya that is one big XUV, so you can just imagine how sick i feel. 
i feel like i've been hit with a baseball bat all over my body. ouch. 
I feel like I've been punched in the eye  it hoitz...
I feel like I've been punched in the jaw  Hope the wisdom-less is all worth this!
I feel like I've been working out like crazy. It hurts to be this sore. It is 6 am &amp; my aunt is bringing breakfast. I just want sleep. 
I feel like I've been writing the sixth page of this paper for 8 hours.  Why am I not duuuuuuuuuuunnnnnn?    Going to bed.  Over it.
I feel like ive done the London marathon, I ach all over 
I feel like kinda shy around her now  i dont know what to say T__T
has hit the 3:30pm tireds...can I go home now??  PLEEEEEEEEASE?? 
has hit the biggest writer's block. 
has horrible sleeping patterns 
has hospital and back to work 
has hurt her ankle, and doesn't know how 
has ice cream in her hair  don't even ask how.... gonna take a shower to get it out now.........
Has insomnia and is going crazy.  The meds the doc.prescribed  gave me an allergic reaction so it will be another sleepless night 
has it been 54min yet??? 
has itchy fingers.  Literally.  Damn heat.   I'm surprised they can still function with the amount of hand cream I've applied today.  #fb
Has just been congratulated on his flirting by the nightbus driver. Shame all he was referring to was a convercthoo with two GIRLS  x
has just been out in the sun for a minute... but had to come back inside, unfortunately. 
has just been playing cod5 with baker and couldent get past round 6 
has just been punked by a Sword Haven playing dead in the middle of the Machitehew! They barked at me and I screamed like Mariah Carey. 
has just been punked by a Sword Heaven playing dead in the middle of the Machitehew! They barked at me and I screamed like Mariah Carey. 
has just been to Melbourne Museum.  My old dinosaur exhibition's gone, but my evolution gallery is still there, just hidden away 
has just booked my flights back from Cbr to Melbourne. Wish it was the other way though 
has just broke a nail..   
Has just came back on twitter. Family friends are still here and im very tired 
has just changed her flight back to england. why do i have to leave hollywood? 
has just come out of the cupboard from crying like a baby from that darn thing we call thunder 
I can't believe i'm probably not going to see britney  9am exam may have to win... how do i tell emma?  ? http://blip.fm/~5jk2y
I can't believe I'm rehearsing on a Sunday. These are desperate times. I want to be in my bed playing Harvest Moon 
I can't believe i'm still awake! Ahhhh  off to vegas and utah soon!Yay
I can't believe I'm still peeling from the sun burn a week and a half ago  at least it doesn't hurt anymore.
I can't believe I'm still sick!!! I'm so sleepy. 
I cant believe im still waiting....soso thirsty! 
I can't believe Im stuck in work on another lovely day 
I can't believe i'm the only one out of all my friends who has a twitted 
I can't believe it :O Denmark won over Sweden for the first time in 13 years - this is a disaster 
i can't believe it about that aeroplane, it's terrifying 
i cant believe it im acctually about to graduate from Grade 8 THIS IS SO AWESOME miss all my friends tho 
I can't believe it is only 3 on a Tuesday.That means two more days in which i need to swelter going to and from my house to car and work 
I cant believe it its like not real 
I can't believe it was 20 today and now there's wet snow falling outside my balcony. Why do they make global warming sound warm? 
I can't believe it.  we should of won that. Saha's goal was awesome and I thought #everton had it. #Chelsea didn't deserve the game
i can't believe it. a dog just died front of out house. it's so terrible. 
I can't believe it.. @dannygokey was eliminated in American Idol.. 
I can't believe it: Belgium's political scene has changed back into how it was 20 years ago: FUCKING CONSERVATIVE!! 
I can't believe its 1 am!!; oh god when will I fall asleep? 
I can't believe it's 9am and i'm awake, and i have to start getting ready soon. I hate the doctor's 
I can't believe it's already 1-1 for the Chelsea-Fulham match! I can't find a Spurs stream boo 
I can't believe it's already 3:40  these past 2 weeks have gone so slow
I cant believe its been 5 years today. i miss you nonno. sosososo much 
I can't believe its going to rain for the next 5 days. 
I cant believe its June already... I might NEVER make it to the beach this summer 
I can't believe its June! I need to stop procrastinating 
I cant believe its Monday again  
i can't believe its summer......so sad....but excited for high school.....  
Has just done a small dance because yes you guessed it coursework is finished whoop. ah damn just remembered i have music coursework to 
has just done himself a large rum and coke to take the edge off of missing Heartbeat! 
has just drank a gallon of tea whilst watching &quot;Who Framed Roger Rabbit&quot;. Now off to work until 3am. Hurray!?? 
has just facebooked only 6 notifications.  lol just about to go to the toilet. then get some cereal. and then twitter more! brb
has just finished painting me shelfs (thank god) the bad thing is that if i not done it right i have to do it all over again 
has just found out it is going to rain on Friday. Not good at all 
has just found out that he will next be paid just _after_ the end of financial year. Curses 
Has just gone and said something tht came out wrong woops 
has just got back from Clacton and is suffering from sunburn 
has just got back from helping out my brother with the decorating  and is now about to go live on seX box / hawk  ...!
has just got back from shopping and my feet hurt....bad tyms 
has just got home and is completely pooped 
has just got home!  what a journey home!
has just got to work... big monday blues 
has just got up and realised its braces Later at 2pm  
has just gt up an is missin sumone  xx
I can't believe it's the last day, I don't want this to end  school now bye!
I can't believe I've got such a bad luck with men. What have I done wrong in my past life???? 
i can't believe janice got voted off  lameeeeeeee
i cant believe jon &amp; kate. theres no way theyre really splittin up! reality hurts.  bahaha.
i can't believe jon &amp; kate..this is awful 
I can't believe Jon and Kate got DIVORCED they just announced it on the show last night   
i can't believe kate didnt win!  LOL http://tinyurl.com/oeczf9
I can't believe MIT is over 
I can't believe my cell phone fell into the sewer ... so sad 
I cant believe my holiday is over. Will be a while till the next one 
I can't believe my little baby is 2 years old today  ;(
i can't believe my nicky turkey is all grown up and graduated   
I can't believe my phone is lost. Another damn iPhhone. 
I cant believe my phone was stolen 
i can't believe my summer sucks already. 
I can't believe Nadal  is out of Wimbledon. 
I can't believe ppl write a jumble of words that are trend topics and ask ppl to follow them! Why should you care! Get real friends ppls 
I can't believe Rafael Nadal lost.... 
I can't believe reading old texts made me cry. Really?! asdfghjkl; 
I can't believe Rex dies at the end of season one of Desperate Housewives! I liked him! 
I cant believe saturday's gonna be over.. I wasted friday and saturday doing no revision shit 
I can't believe serene is graduating tomorrow  fyck everyone
I can't believe Space Mountain is closed for Summer!!  
I can't believe such a crap movie like Twilight is praised so much, do people not know about quality anymore??  makes me sad.
I CANT BELIEVE SUMONE STOLE MY HANDBAG IM SO ANGRY! I HAV 2 REPLACE EVERYTHING IN IT NOW  SO ANGRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I can't believe susan boyle didn't win 
I can't believe Susan Boyle lost Britain's Got Talent! How sad 
i cant believe that after all this time i still dreaming with you   &amp; taking care about u, this is an obsession or what??
I can't believe that Britain didn't choose Susan Boyle  - She single handedly got the world following BGT, and then they go and diss her!
I can't believe that day 5 with the grandkids is already coming to and end   It's going by way too fast...only 3 days left.  Darn
I can't believe that forgot to send my dad a card for his birthday today!  I'm a bad son.  
i cant believe that he has to come running to me and i have to give my &quot;there are plenty of other fish in the sea&quot; speech 
has just had a carb failure, but pasta with pesto was lovely......can anyone say 5km? Boooo 
has just had her judgement day pushed to 30th June. 
Has just had to get a rabbit put down. RIP Harold 
has just installed sims 3 yay. too sleepy to play though. off to bed 
has just joined twitter &amp; doesnt know what to do 
has just lost &quot;The Game&quot; 
Has just lost his anki deck... Back down to the low 1200's 
has just managed to get tickets for Miley Cyrus in London...but no backstage 
Has just managed to stab myself in the hand, whilst trying to open the seal on the milk 
has just read something by accident about breaking dawn and cannot believe it :O   DAMM U WIKIPEDIA!
has just realised it's D-day. How awful of me not to have remembered  blame the anglo saxons.
has just received a phone call for new patients...i guess that means work for tomorrow! 
has just remembered he has a pile of ironing to do.  BOOO!
Has just said bye to the boyfriend and now has nothing to do till later  time for a coffee and biscuit binge whilst watching mtv!!
has just said goodbye to a cygnet 
has just shivered from head to toe,  not feeling to clever
has just spent two hours filling in pre employment forms jeez I have a headache now  all the forms just so i can have another interview?!!
has just spilled boiling tea all over my hand - GRR that really hurt 
has just spilt pink nail varnish all over her new carpet 
has just tasted the chocolate brownies and feels the word 'goddess' was a slight exaggeration 
I can't believe that I have to watch an American Idol without Matt!!!  Who do I vote for now?  
i cant believe that leighton meester has a sex tape out.  gezzzzz who is next...ME?!?!
I can't believe that Racing Victoria has lifted the ban on jumps racing !!! I am appalled at the disregard for the welfare of horses 
I can't believe that the people of yorkshire and humberside have voted in BNP MEP.This is a shameful day for the counties.  
I cant believe that they left us, that is so sad 
I can't believe that they voted off Max on &quot;So you think you can dance?&quot; 
I can't believe that Without a Trace is being cancelled... 
I can't believe the Chinese doesn't deliver. I can't drive 
I can't believe the Lakers won  Good try Magic. This has been an awesome NBA season.
I can't believe the last survivor of the Titanic died...that's really sad! 
I can't believe the long weekend is over already! Time to swim, pack, and fly  #Disneyjustcuz
I cant believe the math test today was really2 hard!! Owh, im afraid that i got a bad score and gonna repeat those math test again, noo! 
I can't believe the Metal Gear Solid song was stolen    I'm so disappointed  http://bit.ly/YKkSu
i cant believe there are only 10 days left 
i cant believe there wasnt a greys season 4 soundtrack  soo disapointing :| dont u guys think so?
i cant believe theres a JONAS show...ewww 
I can't believe there's only 3 days until the wedding and I feel awful 
I can't believe they got rid of Wilson though 
i cant believe theyd do that. thats five months of hard work and labour and no enjoyment whatsoever. all thrown away.  i need a hug!
I can't believe they're going to remake Flight of the Navigator 
I can't believe this i go check the dryer and its not even on. I had to put money again to dry. Why!? 
i can't believe this..she's leaving..things aren't gonna be the same...ever 
I can't believe today is fathers day! It's the first one we will have to go through without Armstrong here 
I cant believe two years ago today was my senior prom 
I can't believe Verizon gave fedex the wrong address!!! One more day w/o my phone!  grrrr.
I can't believe we are graduating today! It FLEW by!! 
i can't believe we have to write four paragraphs for tomorrows english test. we had to write three already for soc. today 
i cant believe what happened with the jonas' youtube account!!!    
I can't believe what i just saw. I'm completely.. Crushed? Heartbroken? Shocked? Idk the word. I'm crawling back in bed. 
Has just watched hannah montana the movie haha i cryed twise  poor lil me, me n me mate got up n danced to howdown throwdown Haha its grdd
has just watched King of The Hill eating Ready Break and is undertaking the upsetting task of packing. This little room has been my home 
has just watched The Hills Season Finale and cried. Goodbye Lauren  but welcome back Kristin 
has just woke up , got a mega hangover 
Has just woke up and come straight on here Lol  Got alot to do today before I go back to college tomorrow  xxxxxxx
Has just woke up from a nap. My head hurts so badddd 
has just woke up from a verry eventfull night , not feeling my best  but you no what..... its hot outside  x
has just woken up  not good night have to miss churchy this morning, I'll never be ready on time butt i go tonight instead
Has just woken up &amp; been sick, wahhhhh. No one to look after me either 
has just woken up from a cat nap  seriously tired i cant function i need.......foooooooooooooooooooooooood 
Has just woken up to a very hyper dog!, Chasing it's own tail and running around barking... Bring on the headache! 
has left far too much stuff to do in the last week of hols... woops! Only 25 days left of 2nd year 
has loads of homework 2 do 
has locked his iphone! 
has lose EVERY fucking thing on the main computerrr  NOOOOO.. Off to college ennit . Ohh joyssssssss. ;)
has lost her driving licence = no ID  It sucks being grounded from the pub for up to 10 working days!
has lost his voice 
has lost Josh 
has lost my mum to cancer 
has lost teh motivation to do ANYTHING 
has lost three whole kilos this weekend alone, on a diet of cornflakes and sleep   not such a bad thing... but should have been more p ...
has lost two family members in 2 years  *al-fatihah*
has lots of homework  http://plurk.com/p/p5ixd
has lots of things on her mind!! mood:sad 
has lotsa things to do today  .. but very lazy and weak.. ( #fb
has loved the sun for the last few days, not loving the sunburn or the fact that its going to rain tomorrow on my day off!!!!!!!! 
has maccys from 5 till close 
Has made a fatal error. Punish me now for my sins 
has made the bread, and is studying more law 
has made the recommended improvements and now HAS 150 WORDS TOO MANY. Damn essays 
Has major mumflu and party guests dropping like flies, even my chocolate cake isn't helping cheer me up anymore 
has managed about 3hrs sleep in last 24hrs - stupid migraine. In a queue on the surgery switchboard 
has man-flu and is feeling sorry for himself 
has maths exam tomorrow - cry 
Has maths SATS tomorrow...and needs to revise! 
Has maybe found the man of her dreams, which is not fair!! As am leaving in under five months  !!!
Has mild concussion 
has mixed feelings now 
has money woes  And doesn't know how she is going to pay this rent!
Has more apprehension about today than is good for the soul 
has more exciting news to share..but cant. 
has more work than she can handle... and needs a new phone 
has much to do today before her housewarming party! And she stupidly picked up a shift a month ago and will be hosting til 9 (hopefully). 
has much to do today.  And missing a field trip 
Has never been in this much traffic on holcomb bridge  but luckily there was a crap load, I would of been pulled over!
Has never been so bored in her life! 
Has never felt so lonely 
has never used twitter before so any help in understanding would be much appreciated, nursing a hangover 
I can't believe you told her.. Twatswatter 
I can't believe. Before the storm with miley and nick?!  Already heard in platonic love? Yeah, it is my case . Nick j. ♥
i cant belive cavs lost wow now im not gonna see kobe vs james   #NBA
I can't belive high school is gonna be over next week.... 
i can't belive it. i have to get up early tomorrow and go into school just for a cello lesson - only half an hour! pointless much? 
I can't belive Pearl Jam aren't coming to Ireland, thats awful.. 
I cant belive the JB are rehearsing for the MMVA'S ! I WISH I COULD BE THER !!! 
i cant belive wot kind off a day its been 4  me 
I cant breath! I am silently choking to death  ok thats it i give up i just wont breath until i get off the bus
I can't breathe well but turns out I'm not crazy.  Just inflammed lungs 
I can't breathe without you..but i have to 
I can't breathe, this air is thick. With humidity, that is .. Eek ! 
I can't breathe... I hate being sick. I don't wanna go to sleep in fear of waking up, gasping or breath. 
i cant breathee.  myy throat hurts. i wanna go home.
I can't breatheeee out of my noseeeee 
I cant buy mp3s from Amazon cuz am not in the USA???? WTF! 
I Cant Call at say now 
I can't catch a break today! 
i can't catch any Zzzzs! 
i cant change my background 
i can't change my background 
I cant change my background  ...twitter iz not being cooperative 
i can't change my background on twitter..   
I can't change my backround 
i cant change my design colors 
I cant change my twitter background or pic 
I can't check my email, twitter or FB until after 5 because Fox is not showing the #F1 race until 3pm when it actually started at 8AM  #fb
i cant check my emails, internet playing up 
I can't choose, so confused! What's it all mean? &lt;--- 
I can't concentrate on my homework 
I can't concentrate... help me  stupid school.... two test tomorrow
i can't concentrateeee! 
I can't connect my Wii to the internet 
I can't connect via twitterific 
i cant contain all this info in my brain, its hurts too much 
I can't cope with this heat. Not with a hangover! I need my bed to be cold right now 
I cant dailybooth  powers out. Thank god for mobile updates 
i can't decide  i mean, do i really need it?? god, help me!
has new headphones but no mp3 player yet  http://plurk.com/p/x258n
has no clue what she's going to do all day...her mom is leaving, she has no car, nor is there anyone to play with. 
has no concept of time. its nine and i have barely started studying  DAMN YOU INTERNETS. you have to many tubes.
Has no credit  sucks..
has no desire to get out of bed 
has no energy and is so warm it isnt fair  I know people love the heat but it makes me feel ill
Has No Friends  x
has no friends to enjoy the sun with 
has no idea what to base his third trailer on Imma cry 
has no internet in my dorm room 
has no mates on twitter 
has no milk for tea  my life is over.
has no milk.  going to the shop to buy some.
has no money 
has no more FTP monies. what willl i do now  ??? gonna cheer myself up w/ mint&amp;&amp;chocolate chip isream.
has no more TT excitement to look forward to 
has no motivation to code this website 
has no one to go to Gogol Bordello show with 
has no one to watch Transformers with.   everybody's taken. lol
has no one to watch Transformers with.  everybody's taken. lol
has no plans today  get at me.
has no ride anywhere   and WANTS TO GO TO BLINK 182 SO BADLY !
has no roommates on her last night in Del....  get it Jacks!
has no service on her phone all of the sudden 
has no time to plurk.  http://plurk.com/p/y5nke
has no voice! 
Has NO YouTube access but needs to research for YouTube 
Has noone fun to have lunch with 
Has noone to go to cirque du soleil with 
Has not been to KOKO in a long time and is in need of a good party 
Has not yet had a cup of tea today....for reasons beyond her control 
has nothing interesting to contribute to twitter 
Has nothing to blog about.  Will be uploading photos if I have time.
Has nothing to do all day, gonna be a long one....   
Has nothing to do now... 
has nothing to do today 
has nothing to say right now.  http://plurk.com/p/pbl9k
Has nothinnnnnngggggg to do 
has now offically got 3 merits!!  YAY!  DDM would of been better  .  I edited a song to and he didn't want to listen it!!  MMM!!
has now watched episodes 8 &amp; 9 of the hills... and is going to be sad for it to be over  haha
has officially had a poop day at work 
Has on raging headache from last night 
has one more hour to go today... not sure if I can make it...  UGH 
has one sock on, where the fuck did it go, I threw it in anger when I couldn't put it on when someone rang me 
Has ONE thing on the brain policy policy POLICY, dueces twitters, FaceBookers, MySpacer's, and AIMer's  and possibly BBMer's :'(
has one very itchy foot! also wishes she could sleep more 
has only four more days in boston with @jeannieanline. how will i survive a summer without her? 
has only just surfaced from the ravages of monday morning meetings. 
has only one more day with him... 
has ouchy feet 
Has packed the Xbox away  Buried alive I say! Bloody travesty
has pay teebee in her room now... yay! danke to brother and daddy ... now to figure out how to access One HD ... 
Has pent up fusstration......and a shortage 
has played three games of solitaire straight and lost all three. 
has possible first degree burns... 
has possibly set a new record for the most boring life 
Has Practically Lost Her Voice 
has puffy swollen eyes from crying all night..  http://plurk.com/p/yyk10
has put a poorly Charlotte to bed 
has put his back out  Not badly but enough to be inconvenient and painful.
has quite the headache tonight... 
has random tooth sensitivity. 
Has reached an all time low, i am going to the movies by myself. 
Has realised he only really twitters when he is borrrreeed.  ooooops. Still standing on tottenham court road. Laaaame.
has realized just how much she hates it when he leaves 
has realized that after hearing Wil listen to &quot;I'm On A Boat&quot; by The Lonely Island too many times that she has never been on a boat 
has realized there are only 12 more working days left with my current employer. 
has reaslised how sad my life is.  Instead of trying to fit shoes &amp; accessories into my case....I'm trying to fit in more marking 
has received too many emails with attached work to do 
has reeeaaaalllllyyyy sunburnt legs helpppp lol?? they're mega soreeeeee 
has rep training but going to be latee 
Has research guilt as I spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold.... will need to spend significant time coding this weekend 
has RJ to do 
Has rugby tonight...it's gonna be effin freeeeeezing 
has run out of time. Laying out clothes for AM and lunch for Jacob's 1st day of summer camp.  I can't believe he is old enough 4 camp 
has run out of T-shirts... 3 days before the end of the mission 
has SERIOUS technical issues... transferring files to a lap top...    curses to the twerp who &quot;jacked&quot; my mac book....
Has shin splints owwwwww! Need help stretching it 
has shoulder ache again 
Has skipped out of Weightwatchers today, really just couldnt b assed &amp; that rain has just tipped me over the edge 
has slept all day n  now off to work  i want more sleep
has so failed maths &amp; has a well bad headache  
has so much revision to do 
Has so much to do  One thing I will NOT sacrifice is my sleep. Goodnight.
has so much to do to get ready for Father's Day. But really I just want to sleep. 
has sociology exam but rain kept me up 
has some dodgy ol' pain in her left hand side 
Has some great quotes and sayings to throw at ya'll but I dnt want anybody to read too much into them so ill go with this: woooork 
has some how got a black eye which has swollen quite bit over nite 
has some how managed to catch a cold..in this weather! boo 
has some seriously God-damn painful sunburn 
Has some seriously sore quads from lifting heavy speakers up 4 flights of stairs for strike 
has some tough choices to make 
has some type of stomach virus thing! Sooo not the way I want to spend my day off! 
has somehow developed a cold 
has someone she dont know following her here.....gasp....... 
has soo much work left!! 
has soooo much work to do tonight 
has sore feet from walking around the city in boots 
has sore gums... it's that time of the year ago.. when my 4 molars grow just that little bit more... then stops 
has sore throat and fever.  (sick) http://plurk.com/p/12lyk1
has spent 2 and a half hours on revision. I still need to do a whole topic, maths revision, exam tryouts and look through all my work. 
has spent all day streaming one thing or another (since his TV receptions fails) and is now very bored 
has spent the day alone but waiting on others. Now to fit all the stuff she had to do into half an afternoon, and no sunny dog walk... 
has spent the day running round doing 100 jobs at once, and still isn't finished 
has spent the last two weeks attempting to grow a beard (from scratch), but fears it may look a bit rubbish...  http://twitpic.com/66tyb
@FUCKCITY you know, i'm really in the mood for old fob covers i've never heard before. i wana hear some too  
@fuckimballs I think it's my phone, I tried to do V2.2 or whatever it was and it didn't work either. I think I've dropped it too much 
@fuckin_dave @T_Bran 
@fuckingdew I know!  wonder who the new bass player would be.
@fuckyeahbecky ummmm and me duhhhhhhhh 
@fuckyeahcandy its scaring my kitty 
@fudgecrumpet yeah apart from fact we had it when clocks went back so only got 23 hrs 
@fueledbylyrics I want to have a laugh attack that's not induced by weed or alcohol 
@fueledbylyrics I'm not either  damn
@fueledbytara  &quot;I'm sailing away..&quot; (did you see the cab's webisode where he sings that before it was taken off youtube?)
@fueledbytaylor awe i hope you get it!  i might sell mine for the d80; it prob. wont happen but whatever. haha
@fueledbytina I'm sorry  my sn is &quot;as jellyfish do&quot; I'll hit you up after work tomorrow &lt;3
@fuertesknight @speakz @djyasmin @LoukiaC I did some bad tings with Sean paul &amp; KFC coleslaw so had to hide out in a bolthole for a while 
@fugazied hehe, i'm almost ready to give up on it i think.. i feel like i'm just spamming all the time 
@fuglycia for realls?? Dude that's awesome! If u guys go to bali ikut dong 
@fuheartsyou no.  too cold &amp; june wasnt feeling well. we are going to DB for a bit instead! lol. of course we should all c it together!
@FUHRANK This biiiiiiiitch. That means I have to put clothes back on 
@fulhamgagsy its called post traumatic stress disorder &amp; survivor guilt, the stress of waiting &amp; feeling sorry for culled colleagues   xx
@fulhamgagsy och,not the result you hoped for today eh? 
@full_half yeah I do of course..btw we won't get to watch matches unless on friday, sat or sun  ..saw lakers game on an online stream..
@FullCup u put up a pic!  I like it! I am still in bed  watching silly tv and reading new John Maxwell book, &quot;Put your dream to the test&quot;
@fullerc boo cough  no ren fair for you either? Suck  I hope you feel better, call if you need anything ok? (medicine, tea, more beer..)
@fullmoonz Now I'm feeling very old. And in fact I am  I grew up with Billy Idol, Duran Duran, a-ha and The Police. OMG.
@FullofMyself damnnnn 
@FullofMyself nice seein u boo sorry I bounced super fast 
@fullonrainstorm Britt wants you to check snapvine lovely, seems your updates keep missing each other. 
@fulltimecasual How did I miss this? You're leaving @mactalk huh? Good luck future ventures dude. I still haven't got ep 74 
@fulltimecasual Western suburbs has excellent pide. But you gotta travel to The western suburbs to get em 
@Fulmer Right now, we kinda are. 
@fumauk http://twitpic.com/7hn86 - Mmmmm yes does look nice. Bet there won't be any left by time I'm next round 
@fumi223 i knoww...  kinda dangerous...
@fun4fido I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@Funbrunette Yes girlie! Thank you! They took the profile down. The only thing that is left is it still shows up in the search. 
@functionalab i'm not in NYC, sorry 
@Fungible That's so sad!  
@fungkeblakchik Damn. Whatever happened to meeting me @ Moe's?  We made those plans months ago.
@fungkeblakchik i was actually being serious. 
@funimation I haven't been to Dairy Queen in a while 
@funimation Morning ... did that parcel you guys send me make it back to you? UPS never re-re-re delivered 
@funkadeliks @fanahana @tubbyfeet Otay! kal's not coming though  so ive to find a replacement. siapa ekkkkk
@FunkeeMonk which is why i usually can't join the veg outings unfortunately! 
@FunkeyGurlNo1 I'm going to work.... bummer 
@FunkeyGurlNo1 I've been studying all the weekend  I hate civics :X
@Funky_Junk Glad someone else watches Neighbours.  My bf scoffs at me everytime 
@Funkybabygirl Aw man that's not good  We have coldness and rain over here in London :/ Not quite as bad as you but still... Xx
@FunkyChunks  I dont think im ever gonna get mine done  
@funkydoolah aww.. i think i hav a migrane which is not shifting 
@FunkydoryStokie Gutted! Been put back a day  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
@FUNKYENGINE I would but I gotta work tomorrow.... 
@funkyfairy24 Its my bday weekend this weekend so lots of comiserating to be done..lol...so won't be around for mass tweeting l8ter 
@funkyfairy24 yeah not bad am a bit gutted had to spend my nk fund today!  but never mind i'll get saving again lol
@funkyfannys ahahahah! i luvs it! a frisky granny, at that! and yea, i'm kinda regretting the second cup 
@FunkyFantastic thx luv he can't send via text either iphone lol 
@FunkyKiwi i tried! before they dont listen or choose to ignore 
@FunkyKiwi not possible right now  won't able to go to slee until late night.
@FunkyKiwi Usually sleeps what you need but then they keep you awake.  Better luck this time, nighty night. *HUG* xx
@funkylovin I can't see anything 
@FunkyMissMonkey I gave up 
@funkymonky526 Yeah I don't know if she ever will, unfortunately 
@Funmi_Osiyale I want to see 17 again 
@funmsdrebirth Aww, that's too bad.    Let me know if you need more ideas.  Did you like these: http://www.shoehunting.com/save/view/2890/
@funmsdrebirth I'll be back soon 
@FunnieQu i want some, im hungry 
@funnyclub blimey how long till you get off shift mate 
@funnyjoker  your jokes are normally hilarious, but the one about Mike Tyson's daughter...it's not funny and it's horrible 
@FunshineJaime i can't never have nothin'  
@funsizedmimi14 @hollaferheatha quit this chit-chat about tubing and tan lines on sunday  it's bad enough i cant get off work.
@funsizejess definitely sick 
@funsizejess im sorry  is it who i think it is?
@funswedishchic ughhh fuck american health care 
@FunTimeFrankieG It's just finished.  I loves him too. Glad he's got sober, just over a year! 
@funtimeshelly damnit now I'm gunna have to watch Johnny Five, or its updated version Wall-E 
@Funzafunza Tried Nambu for iPhone http://tr.im/nambu4iphone as an alternative? Also free. Personally haven't tried either. Got no iPhone 
@fupster omg I looked at the pic  I should never do that. Do you know how much time Joyce has? I will repost her asap to other outlets
@FurbleFox Aww I'd go with you but you live 90 minutes away 
@furiekins Am I drunk enough? Where did that come from? Unfortunately no alcohol tonight 
@Furious_Styles so sad  But I do like the new pic
@Furiouso Why SO SAD  
@furrygirl I won't  I'm hoping to make it up the end of the week, but I'm not sure I'll be up to it.
@fursid you guys didn't even tell me it was happening 
@furyu_me I have had those days  Ask your angels to surround you &amp; protect you from the negativity coming @ you &amp; around u. Hope it helps!
@FuschiaFoot i didn't hit the right button or what. i wrote on the sheat tho, that i thought it was the cafe currency button. im sorry 
@FuschiaFoot my take some time unfortunately. 
@fuseboxradio whats up... We still need to linkup...we (me) keep missin 
@fusemix I&quot;m so frustrated that I missed my chance to see when they came to Woodbridge,VA. That's right up the street.   Maybe next time.
@FusilliMary UGH SAME HERE. It really kind of upsets me. 
@FusionManT How 'bout &quot;This hurts me more than it does you.&quot;? Nope that one's already taken by my parents. 
@future_perfect I'm trying to self learn photoshop but it's not going so well! 
@futurelance and other friends... Summer class + camp = no fun 
@Futuremusic_CEO let's go lol so u backin down now 
@futurescientist eerrgghh aku setipe banget sama @magnifyingglass kakinya kwweecill size 35 36 so maybe size 4? adeuh merepotkan ya? Maaf 
@futuresex i can't figure out how to start a new game/household so they're in an existing town. i want to play both sets of neighbors. 
@futurowoman @jerseymaids I wonder if changing your password will kill off this spammer. Not fair on you both 
@Fuzzie_74 I know! I wanted to say no thanks, but couldn't just walk away after coffee was made and handed to me.  An extra .50c for soy 
@Fuzzie_74 So was ours! Sleeping in the same house as the devil count = 4 
@Fuzzie_74 Umm... all I have are the piggy sniffles I left with 
@Fuzzie_74 Which I watched religiously (and never alone).  So my memory is shot!  OK, it's all out now, they know   I remember doughnuts..
@fuzzieworld oh noooo  I'm sorry. So true about the goodie two shoes (and I mean that in the best possible way)
@Fuzzy2230 ohmygod!!!! that melted my heart!! seriosuly!!! awwwww  that was sooo sweet yet soo sad and happy!! y was he cryin though?
@FuzzyAgolley @Higgo75 @haydo going to miss u on hot 30, so sad 
@FuzzyAgolley i'd love one, but sadly i'm in melbourne! 
@fuzzybluelight I would tell you you're coming over NOW to watch it, but I only have it on UMD.  I'll add it on Netflix!
@fuzzydragons Ooo sorry to hear 
@FuzzyWuzzyJuzzy i don't get leave  So it would have to be a weekend.
@fvckinjmoney DUDE!! where is this all at?? I just got a new big ass hello kitty ring, but no bling on it. 
@fwdmotion No... sorry... i didnt realize what time it was.  wish i could though.
@FWEE4U I better not say what I was going to...I have a feeling my poor taste is giving msLeaves headaches... 
@fwmj but obviously i just did and that was so nsfw you buttcrack 
@fwmj ima be up  FAILURE..
@Fxavery I'm with ya Hun! 
@FxNxRl Can you bring your camera to the meeting? I forgot mine at home.... 
@fyang totally agree.  at least it didn't snow. 
@fyCariad We want our Torchwood back!  Also btw, what is your username on tf? I actually have no idea. XP
@fylthie Dear god I wish I could afford the time 
@FyodorFish I did. Spent most of the day with her and now I'm back to writing movie reviews.   
@fyrchk and the CAPS lost!  
@Fyreforged Do you mean grown ones or tiny ones?   Ha ha
@fyrestorme Fully? Hell no. I don't even think halfy. 
@fyrret And oh, ._. waterbug = roach.  same basic premise, just as creepy.
@fyrret but, the last 2 hrs at the bfs house was me sleeping..so i went home and back to sleep, then at 2am utnil 4 was up bc of t-storms 
@fyrret its shit that it dont come out on 360 till of october 
@fys buy a new new macbook. Firewire is back! No other workaround we've found though 
@Fyt1247 i heard ure officially gay now   Battty gyaaal
@Fzuwawa i'm sooo jealous! I would love to be out at the pool today. Sadface 
@G_Funk_Yra - uh oh u okay? U're sleepy today huh?! You've been working really hard 
@g_rov yay cuz I really have been wanting to goo but noone to go withhh. 
@g0ldensunsett aww too bad I white as snow lol and if I laid out I would turn tomato red 
@g0nk Thanks.  That's a shame   Hopefully they'll update it sometime soon
@G0SSIP_B0Y yeah, I NEED you tomorrow...I needed you today, but you weren't there 
@G13aby Outlook not so good 
@G1NArrgh wish I coulda goneee 
@G1Neume wahh cant send you private messages at forum.warrock.net ...!!! just want to report a bug 
@G2musicgroup she's not ugly!! She's gorgeous  ... She's my baby! Lol
@g33kgurrl he came home with scratches all over his arms Wednesday. That kid got a certificate, not J. Hate to see his disappointment 
@g33kguy @alisonwaring Looks like the nap will have to wait. I'm still waiting on the poor guy 
@g33kski11z @Blmoyer I would be kicked out of the military... i can never be on time, for anything 
@g3mini521 all those other cartoons, pale in comparison 
@g3mini521 don't be late!  have a safe flight! don't forget anything and msg me when u arrive in hawaii!  love you! even tho u left me 
@g3mini521 its too soon...ill wait awhile. if i play it now ill just be sad cause you're not here 
@g3org7a Yay, wifi! Too bad you had a buy a new modem. 
@G3rocks your site doesn't works well in chrome.. browser issues.. 
@g4nd sitting on couch watching telly the night away sounds good, iv too much werk to do though  fail
@g4tv Batman: Arkham Asylum, but I don't own a system that will play it, sadness 
@G4TV To be honest I wasn't that thrilled about their announcements. Ubisoft really let me down 
@G4Webbhead I don't have a fan mail address  as of now. sorry. if I get one I'll let you know
@gaara46 I'm with ya on that. Want level of working out_very low 
@gab_iii haha I'd probably pee myself if he answered back.  Honestly, that makes me kind of pathetic.  I'm no better than evil teenies 
@gaballison The map shows the rumbly parts moving south   Now we just get the drizzly parts.
@gabanti have you actually written something? 
@gabanti well i'm not allowed to  and yeah we have to catch the bus because me and @himynameisjaz 's parents can't always take us. -s
@gabanti well i'm not allowed to  and yeah we have to catch the bus because me and @taiforver 's parents can't always take us. -s
@gabapple Yeah 
@gabbbycakes DITTO only i have 28  and apparently there is an essay too. cool.
@Gabbity The Medic Droid?like, Fer sure maybe, fer sure not, fer sure eh, fer sure bomb? awh  you wrote that in one of my books last year.
@gabbiwithaneye Same here  I'm not allowed
@gabboucla I know!!!   but I'm glad I get to live thru you cori krys and T until then!!! But irvine/vegas will be crazy fun
@gabbrgrl I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@gabby_ybarra hey stalker! I guess tomorrow will be the last time we have class together. 
@gabbydario AY. :| i need to see you soon ! i seriously feel like i haven't seen you in so long 
@gabbyde damn that's fucked up. 
@gabbyflyyy im so jealous! I want to go to ny 
@GABBYiSACTiVE brat! You have to rub it in, don't you.... I want a mocha 
@GabbyMariie damn nikkas def 4got about nikkas n all that smh  wadup though stranger?
@gabbypaulina I have a beach tournment 
@Gabbypesce Ugh! I love how I miss your tweets to me!  I just saw the one about going out that night! What'd you end up doing... w/o me?!
@gabbyth hahaha maybe it was meant to be that u lost it then 
@gabebarillas ugh i don't get my first paycheck till the 12th 
@gabebondoc  you left already
@gabebondoc are you gonna post up &quot;I can go the distance&quot;? I heard I missed it on blogtv. 
@gabebondoc http://twitpic.com/4yi5a - WOW i want to go to the beach! but sadly, i have summer class 
@gabeezy my giraffe looks like a cow.. haha i had to google it. youre going to laugh 
@GabeGoldsby Ah, I knew there was a connection there.  Guess I just assumed... My bad. 
@gabehabe i was up and in the potty at that point. then i went back to bed but i need to get up.  didnt even get my full 8 hours :/  eRiCa
@GabeRealz I have to give my car an oil change 
@GabeStrom  Hey Gabe that was awesome wish I could afford your offer 
@GabezRosales tobey maguire was so annoying in spiderman 3. i felt bad for topher grace 
@gabhii haha i'just been to gili trawangan,senggigi beach.we havent had much time bc we've only had 1 full-day to explore the island   ...
@gabhustler I may be hanging with someone but I'll let ya know maybe we can all go together, right now I've gota go help my mom  blah!
@gabhustler supposedly  but i guess i wouldnt mind but they are always packed when I drive by
@gabigail87 aww :/ kk I need to do a huge shopping trip at joshstore to get you also a joshmobile.. pft. 
@gabiib I WILL, I WILL  askldjksajdas thank you so much ._.e eu vou te dar, to levando meu cel, reza por mimmmm amigaa &gt;&lt; e to com a flag
@GabiLago espero que nat conteste a ver si vamos al hotel now or what! I should shower first tho.ver si me saca las nauseas.anoche vomite 
@gabindebele not watching  but i'm sure it will be up on you tube soon, will catch it there
@GabiSanchez well, now u know how sad it's my love life!  ...well i hav to work a lot! I want to forget everything about that! Mua! Lov u!
@gabisworld Oh that stinks. 
@gabmo Thanks! We are truly trying/learning a new way of life! Should have started years ago. B4 Eco-we sent full dumpsters to landfill 
@gaborcsigas worrying about money blocks not only my creativity but my productivity  can't concentrate on work while i panic over bills
@Gabreael Aggggg! That is so not  good 
@GABREEZYY HAY I can't stop thinking about him. @kirkage, follow through pls!! I don't want it to be a 1-night thing  DAMMITTTT
@GABREEZYY YAY THANKSSS! I was in Amici!! I was hoping to see u there 
@GABREEZYY YEA WAG NA DIET DIET UR THIN NAMAN NO!!! And I can't not eat without u and @hellomirv 
@gabriela Kinda bricking it. I'll know more in a week, but I put it at 50/50 right now. Not good odds. 
@GabrielaElena i'm tweeting as i think of them. I'm having trouble remembering some good old quotes 
@GabrielAntonio awwwww good times! I miss you mongo..come back down! 
@GabrielBerlin thanks but aka-aki app for iPhone seems to be blocked by french operator bouygues telecom, it only works in WiFi 
@gabrielbriano Its lame, I am still running 10.3.9 cause I cant afford to upgrade.  
@gabrieldelahaye I'm going to have to counter with Aaliyah's &quot;If Your Girl Only Knew,&quot; which gets extra  points and still sounds fresh.
@gabrieljay: i don't feel like reblogging lol; i rly meant it as 'just desserts'! like just a cupcake or two 
@Gabrielle_Union how u gonna follow @fuckkerihilson??? 
@gabrielleadelle i think so 
@gabrielolol I'm &quot;supposed&quot; to get a haircut every 6-8 wks to keep it healthy but I'm not made of money 
@gabrielraulito Ini Ben / @smackyourhead punya pasal! I have nothing to do with it. Broke liao 
@gabrielsaporta damn ur off  jingle bells was my bro on my fone, he dont even like cobra starship! he thinks u guys are gay no joke =(
@gabrielsaporta http://twitpic.com/3k1m1 - That is fan-fucking-tastic! Not about the show though.  Even I get sad 'cause of that.
@GabrielSaporta I defs agree.. I think it was karma for skipping Shabbat dinner for an All Time Low concert 
@GabrielSaporta i think you need to get back on SayNow soon. cuz i just wasted 1hr of min.&amp;&amp;i just listened to fan messages... 
@GabrielSaporta I'm sorry about your fridge that sucks 
@gabrielsaporta So im guessing the get money gabe shirt is still MIA. Lame lame lame 
@GabrielSaporta The comments on your tumblr still aren't working. 
@GabrielSaporta The rain is depressing... 
@GabrielSaporta: I called....and hung up because I wasn't ready.....and called again....and you were offline. I failed. I FAILED! 
@GABROCKIN4HIM I know I read it &amp; thats y I said y don't you know about it ? You saidit like you don't love us  jk I'm just Bored sorry !
@GABROCKIN4HIM You'll be str8 tho... It's comin... b/c once you get in the swing of stuff, you are going to be annoyed!!!!! jk Gettin up 
@gabs  If you're not going then I'm not going either 
@Gabs1468927 i know  so sadddd
@gabsters, this is a sad sad day because now it's happened to both of us  I don't know what do with all this now
@gabundy That's terrible 
@gabvirtualworld I love that show.. Hilarious! Although my wife doesn't think so 
@gabyrosario  they are the most comfortable running shoes I own. Srsly.
@gabysslave thanks - you too! I have an essay to write 
@GabyTheGreat Dammit. I don't have a K-Mart here. FML. 
@gabyvegaa i miss you 
@gacktxrawr it's true, she's dead  and I dunno, why aren't we?
@gadataguy but I wanna lounge at the pool!! 
@GADataGuy Just working  long weekend ahead YEY!!
@GADBaby &amp; buy a new modem today L would KILL me 
@GADBaby it is bad that I am going to actually miss diapers  #clothdiapers
@GadgetVirtuoso ah not on win mob yet though  oh well kool feature though
@gadisakira miss you too bebeh 
@Gaelicwolf no I don't  but I have a good seat in section B so yay for that! Lol
@Gagaforyou omg I'm old in I days 
@gage006 I've downgraded to cheap high gravity beer 
@gageneral I got my mini me  lol and I really wanna sip something
@gaiksuan that is one of my disappointments of conservation ngos in Malaysia.   Too many egos indeed. And also territorial.
@gailbrand How are you Gail? Still suffering from jetlag I read. 
@GAILESHEILA i fuckn lost my phone too  and my makeup bag  dammit sailor jerry.
@GailGotti I think I made it greener 
@GailPennington Belated Happy Birthday! None of your &quot;colleagues&quot; spilled it.  Many happy returns!
@Gailporter it's very grey 
@Gailporter p.s am gutted- went to order dead famous on dvd today from amazon, couldnt find my wallet, went back and last one sold out 
@Gailporter So sorry to hear that, Gail  - hope everything turns out ok for you x
@Gailporter was great to have @SuziePerry back on TGS (watched it on Sky+ last night) but we did miss you. Shame you can't both do it 
@gailpotratz re: embedding VT into GoogleMaps - tried to figure this out - ended up with the same info as you.  GMaps isn't VT friendly 
@GAinSF You said Sprig! Also I'm sick 
@gajastar I'm not really into Panik, so very con whimper 
@gaksdesigns oh oh.. and is corn soup too eh.. lol.. a trini favorite.. 
@Galacticboy and no birthday presents for me 
@galadarling me too! I really wanted to sleep late 
@Galadriel1010  No need for sun tan lotion. Lizzy is little miss revision-stuck-inside 
@Galadriel1010 OMG, what scene? Where was he stripping ? Ahhh i am so outa th loop 
@galaxydazzle @tommcfly, your birthday plans are ruined now, we made a picture of how you'd look on your birthday now the photos leaked! 
@galaxydazzle gah I don't have my English phone on me today, I forgot to unplug it before I left 
@galaxydazzle haha; aww i want you to come  I'm a few rows forward this time, row Q ... get in! haha
@galaxydazzle I've only been able to vote twice since it went to elite. The page never loads for me 
@galaygobi that's pretty disgusting haha double whammy that its on a monday 
@gale_x What's wrong? 
@GALEGEND haha you in the A yet? 
@Galia ouch!! Applied Ec over the summer? And no graduation, then?  *hug*
@Galiiit  awwww no. ahaha that makes more sense lol.
@Galiiit awww that sucks  yeah i really want to get it, i need some new video games lol
@Galiiit for once i was busy typing lyrics and you go and eff up 
@galiiit i know, but her parents aren't letting her come cos shes recovering from her cold!  im on my way to georges now. yum matzah!
@GaliSuperMutt I know accidents happen sometimes, but I still feel ashamed when I do it.  
@GallagherMeow will 30 mg's of Zoloft do? I am also feeling SAD 
@gallantm  my back feels like its being scratched with a hot iron.  Its actually putting! Its THAT sore :
@GalleryCat no go  I'm sure I'll see you play sometime in Dallas when i move back =] Have fun!
@galleysmith Hope you feel better soon 
@galleysmith I thought for a minute that I was going to be a blank  LOL
@galleysmith Sigh....yes, unfortunately it does.  And I have no room for new books 
@galleysmith Yes!! love rain...and the smell of freshly mowed lawns, but my sinuses don't 
@GallifreyReject You bit me 
@gallonofdelight i only have my phone  y thats it mmm ill just talk to u in direct msgs u reply with d username &amp; write
@galmoughraby Oy Vey no AC in Texas in June? 
@galoppini wrote a lengthy note on your Alfresco blog post, but got &quot;Sorry, it seems you didn't pass math!!&quot; when I posted  10+0=10, no?
@GalSaati With who?!?! why didnt you call me?!?! 
@Gamblest gammie... is your van forever dead? 
@GameBoyElectro ahaha. nobody has replied to any of my tweets 
@Gamer_Chick_Lea fancast works just in the US? because I can't play any video 
@gamerbabe360 oooooh, I like clothes shopping! It's just much less fun when it's shopping for work clothes 
@GamerTraveler It's a beautiful city and there's so much culture you can't possibly experience it all in a month.  I miss the opera. 
@gamgob Thanks for that! They don't have the style i'm looking for tho  and it didn't sound half-assed! you simply answered the question!
@gamilac and you are not active in FB anymore! 
@gammagirl77 aww poor Pip, off to the great cattery in the sky 
@gammatron i honestly dont know  and im very prone to accidents around cardboard boxes at work which is why i have band-aids on haha
@GamMole Mole! I forgot to text you back. Sorry.  I'm mega skint atm anyway though so am having weekends in until July. Rubbish.
@gamy_fitz where is ur new house? hope the move went ok! I'm movin on sat - so much to pack! 
@gandalfar Next trip I know of is Cupertino in October... 
@gandhineha thanx neha, will check out from home, videos blocked by firewall 
@gandhineha this is the same as yesterday 
@gandmetz @karinaemma cant believe i only have a day left with you guys  x
@gandmetz what's the radio frequency of radio one? I can't find it 
@gandolf535 Thanks for the tip. Did that about 8.00 last night but still nothing  must just be back logged
@ganee Looked inside there, couldn't find it. 
@GaneshaXi - thanks for testing... I can read but can't send! 
@Ganga108 oh! they reminded me of lily. I miss em. 
@ganglmatthias Nope, not finished, need to downgrade first 
@gangstamittens  I'm about to as well... Almost bye bye time
@gankster  we didnt ask each other how our days were 2day
@gapanda lol he was good. Im dizzy, i just fainted! totally hurt my shoulders  how u doing??
@gapeaches I want to respond, but I can't DM you.  
@Gappers my dads gf lives out here and he moved in with her. miss clinton so much 
@gar374 I had a windows phone once until I threw it out a window   When are you back to work.. Next week?
@GarageGlamorous Cuddle with me? 
@garageglamorous I agree, 'Paparazzi' waz an amazing vid, I luved it, but felt bad cuz it waz leaked &amp; I watched it 
@garcevisage  Aww did your mic work at all?
@Garciada1nonly Word on the news is. It will rain tomorrow. Meaning no tennis. 
@gardenadventure Thanks!  I'm on annual leave now and some of next week. RHS exams!    All good otherwise!
@gardengnome1 Pretty bad, isn't it? (i.e. Human Society) I had no idea. 
@GardenSERF my Honda is sad now 
@gardenstatement Aww, damnit!  Oh, by the way, how's it going with Lost? Are you still catching up?
@Gardenwiseguy From Germany. And to be serious: we've had night frost just last week. Summer? Not yet. 
@Gardenwiseguy just at church  would like to play a lot more!!!!
@gardnerisgod we submitted both versions of Twitterrific 2.02 to Apple on Saturaday PM, we have no control over Apple approval process. 
@garet That movie was sooo cute! It was sad though 
@gareth_langston pushing daisies was amazing!!! i miss it 
@GarethDEdwards Sorry about the tix  But you could always listen to some nice free ambient instead: http://207.200.96.225:8022/listen.pls
@garethnelson ouch  but that's what i've been doing. atomic key value stores all the way down.
@garethness you weren't wrong about the weather! Had to make a trip to primark to buy more suitable clothing- it was sunny at home 
@garethslee @holyschmoke  wow Lions seem on Fire this season!! gutted I can't watch 
@garethslee oh no!!! Seriously!! I hate them playing in yellow 
@garethslee thanks hun.  Seems I don't have a posh enough phone though.  Ah well 
@garethstewart is it sunny where you are? theres no sun in Ballymena 
@garfieldmayor The original link works but when you click &quot;vote for this band&quot; then it all goes kaplooey.    I'll keep trying...
@gargameljermel the only thing I'm missing this far is the option to delete. Still waiting for this damn software upgrade.  I hate waiting
@gargladdy but it has WOW on it! 
@gariphic LOL! That's awesome! I feel the same way... 
@GarlicMAKEZHitz But... Butt.. But... I wanna see u now 
@GarlicMAKEZHitz me tooooo garlishaaaaaaaa 
@garlicmakezhitz oh why not  ok redo lol
@garlicmakezhitz what r u altering tho? the vs or chorus? i think the verse tells a nice story, its not trashy 
@garminconnect: DOWN!!  [Service Unavailable - Zero size object The server is temporarily unable to service your request.]
@Garms speaking of Marc, the Melrose store had a 70% off shoe sale last week that I missed. I wanted to cry when I found out. 
@Garms what a bitch! i'd tell him, because if the tables were turned, i'd definitely want to know.  after, we'll go slash her tires!
@garnetgurl hey!  I don't live in Texas   my name is the result of a very big obsession with a TV show lol
@garpods22  Pods...we're just kidding around. Sorry if I am making you upset. 
@garpods22 I know! I can't believe we haven't made it on there yet!! 
@garpods22 it was a rain delay! sooo bummed!!! 
@garretjiroux do u write back on twitter? i miss ya garee...  x
@Garrett_FML sleeping is fun. Sarah wanted me to work on Monday  but I said no and now she is ignoring me haha. Lame
@garrettforreal you're kidding right?! 
@garrettmaine thats no fun, 
@Garrrrry Oh! Ya...it stinks cuz we can't go anywhere by the time he gets home 
@garry1bowie mmm I love those rolls but I think Tesco fell out with Mortons cos we no longer sell them 
@garry1bowie same problem. Had to disconnect then try again a few times. Didn't see a lot in google for it either. 
@garryinnorfolk @tobiefysh Still none received by text as yet!  I do like the idea of vodafone eating my tweets. 
@GarryjC Missed you Garry  Burgers were ace!
@garrymurray901 did u take the noodles n chicken  i have to settle for havanas finest...shite noodles in different language
@garrynewman Do you actually have it yet? I don't get mine for another couple weeks 
@garryrutter oh dear.. what's happened 
@Garts That's me on a fine day! I can drive 150+ yards but as soon as I hit the green I can't finish the hole 
@GarveyBen I missed it    I saw the second episode today though!
@Gary200 I know it's just driving me nuts I wish I could afford one. 
@garycford I gotta say, I feel bad for everyone in NKorea.  They're starving, and they have a crazy in charge who endangers them daily. 
@garydriftwood alright  hmmmm how could I convince you.....?
@garygomusic my name is Kirsty and i am going no where as i have exams 
@garygomusic OMG I wz obsessed wiv Teddy Ruxpin when I wz small:had talking teddy-doll &amp; everything! Im still stuck in Edinburgh airport 
@garygorman yeah man. Shame I murder it 
@garyhess Crank2 is still on the movie TO DO list! After a few weeks of comedies I needed a drama. Crank2 may be more comedy than action. 
@garykendall Will you please grab my broom and UPS it back to 45069? Thanks! 
@GaryLaPointe - REALLY?!? I ordered mine well after you and it's delivering tomorrow!  Bummer.  
@garymac1965 Live blues band. a lot to drink   reminiscing. Brilliant night. But 
@garymac1965 Oh there you are! Missed you for a moment there. We have bats round our house too. Dont like em though. 
@garymurning Haven't mainly because can't face system change etc. Computers something always goes pear-shaped. Law of Universe 
@garynadeau http://yfrog.com/Always wanted one. Ended up with a Fiat Spider 2000. That's gone now. 
@Garythetwit Lucky you! I've got an hour and a half to go.  Wish I could go home now, I'm so tired. I just want to put my jamas on! 
@garytomwilliams  xx
@Garyuu_Wave What's the matter, Mr. Gavin?  Don't you like it? 
@GARYVALENTINE omg its a songg silly! &amp; I wasn't being freaky jerk 
@garyvee Coca-Cola.. would've been some Publix Lemonade but it's all gone 
@GaryVee I'm not able to watch your Jimmy Fallon appearance because I'm traveling through Montenegro and they won't show it online here. 
@garywdtea I missed your 8:30 tea!! 
@garyyen ohh  its okay... You should quit D:&lt; get a tutor or something !
@gaskill ugh I wish I could rage in philly w/ u this wknd! 
@gaslampball I want one 
@gaspitsnicole sigh me too  mostly i miss hsnging out with my friends damn growing up : p oh yeah i miss being able to spell too lol
@GaspodeX aww babes. still, you know ypourself when its time to visit doc.  huggles at weekend, k?
@Gass101 Can't, I'm in work 
@gassho if you don't follow me, then rather difficult to respond to messages just to me  congrats on ur son's accomplishments!
@gaston213  - Sad face.    Do you need me to kick someone's ass?
@Gastonator yea I know but still, it's not the same 
@Gastro1 i've seen it in barrels here too but i suppose it could still be a phony 
@Gastro1 just checked out their site..the closest shop is in berlin  too far away
@gastrogeek1 actually the worst thing is not being able to stand at the hob for long enough to cook anything decent 
@Gates20  thanks, but the tv is on now so meh lol, but seriously i shouldnt watch it 
@Gatewhale What?!?!  I hope that doesn't happen, babe!
@gatita43 Oh yeah, sorry, love. Last week I put my phone in the washing machine by mistake! I've been cell-free for a week  *muah*
@gatita43 Um...to where my love? My phone is dead  I'm buying a new one tomorrow. &lt;3
@GatorGirl816 um yeah the Joe Jonas thing IS creepy.  but he does have nice thigh muscles.  uh oh now im creepy 
@Gatrgal I know, I hear you snuffling.  Feel better!
@gattaca LoL... Wasn't qwick enough with the twitpic aye? 
@Gatzzy totally. The new albums sucks big time 
@gaudet2 No, I haven't tried that, but it might be worth a shot! It was another night of very little sleep! 
@gauneyKAY I know its been so long  miss you and I love you xx
@gauneyKAY im so jealous of you!! ggrrr you get to see atl on friday and i dont 
@gauravggs nooooo dont say such stuff 
@GauravSaha dude offce nahi hai odhar so working out of ccd 
@GauravSaha Have to..  After 2 I'll be without net again..
@gautamghosh could possibly be so! i mean how do we know which indian celebrity is online for real! could be very much fake! 
@GautamGhosh offcourse Ahmedabad is the more happening place thn Gurgaon. I still miss my 2+ year stay there 
@gautamghosh Second case saw the light of the day within two months. Not sure how many such companies operate here 
@gautamsasi hmmm...yaa..   so ur clg reopening on 6th july too??
@gavgavwaters me too shes following me and i also noticed that she has multiple account too 
@Gavin_J And there was me thinking you were hiding from footy. (  , BTW)
@GavinCannon  i've just been thinking the same!
@GavinHolt Believe it or not, I'm way too old to be a junior apprentice.  Apparently only those who are 16/17 can apply
@GavinHolt i no thats not true cos u only stay in the next town! lol I was sooo lookin forward 2 a bit of sunshine 2day 
@Gavinmannion Who's strongarming you, man... 
@gavlp That is because Asda is the cheapest food shop there is and it a SUNDAY !! Every 1 shops on a Sunday bar me ! Glad im not there 
@gavlp yes, I hope these shocks are going to stop soon - I think I'm getting angry with Earth itself 
@gavski82 Wow! I've never heard of that one before! I love it! Figgy is good. I've not driven it for a few weeks now though... 
@Gawge &quot;An error occurred while processing your request.&quot;  I'll try again later
@Gawge Got around 200 shards to find 
@Gawge It's gunna kill my 'revision' like  not that I've started anyway
@Gawge most of my clan plays it, so I'l feel left out haha 
@gawhatafeeling Awwsh  Enjoy the show anyhow, make it the best yet =P
@gawhatafeeling Ooooh, I'm jealous  I might try and get some for the saturday but I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail 
@gawineguy I hear ya...no love for NY either... this is a special treat indeed, but I had to open it before I opened my last Dissident... 
@gayadesign doesnt work 
@gaycivilrights looking for the Dick Cheney article and don't see it. 
@GayDJPodcast @JuicyStory @georgemonks @stigblog I injured my knee last night, incredible pain 
@GayDJPodcast Oh I know...others dont though! We should both be asleep really, i have to be up at 6 for work 
@gaylondon Troll 2 is pretty unrelated to Troll.  In fact, Troll 2 is about vegetarian Goblins.
@GayPatriot All I see is a picture of Sanford. 
@gayrainarmy i don't even know who alexis arquette is.  
@gayrath Poor the squashed pasty 
@Gaz50 - been a while since I heard this one. My recordplayer is so dead  ? http://blip.fm/~5jg54
@GazeboInfo this is true but i'm very sick today!  luckily i celebrated yesterday before i got sick. 
@Gazimoff Nah, we can't afford it/are not eligible for cheap upgrades. 
@Gazzels eww i hate billy ray  Is he going to be in Australia?
@GazzyJoe :O his sooooo cuteee  im want my brother to have another one now 
@gbaytx Oh, no! That's how my current illness started.  I hope you don't have the same thing. Miserable for 3 days.
@GBDtweets I'm still getting that the blog is sick. 
@gbfans No release on the Xbox tho 
@gbfiremelon Ah well, Neverending Story is a worthy winner... Was looking forward to reading your analysis of the Arkwright books though 
@Gbocoliseum OMG!!!! Get out here!!!  Whos coming in July?
@GBY Ourmate is your Marmite re-branded for nz, so naturally it's the only spread he'll have. Hard to explain the flavours 
@GCahill glad to hear it! so sorry i missed it all  happy recovering
@gcarraro @oscartr I left a comment but it vanished when I hit submit 
@gcn1 No, I haven't. Running v.1.1.7, which was last stable version; hope they'll improve it further. Know v.1.1.12 still crashes  #nambu
@gcohen it very well might be but, it's true unfortundately 
@GCooperTW3 Sounds delectable. You lot are going to make me fat. 
@GCurt 2 bad im n Philly im missing everything 
@gdarklighter last    I have to admit I'm a bit worried, but I think the mgr's gonna take care of me.  #prelaunch
@GDeus yeah he was mental 
@GDGOfficial I fell down Anne Frank's stairs when I was there 
@GDGOfficial i just met you! you made fun of me bcuz i couldnt work my own camera  haha
@GDGOfficial It's just depressing that I live in Europe and I rather want to be in the States right now 
@GDGOfficial It's STILL raining there? I was there Monday-Wednesday and all it did was rain  It's 90 in Wisconsin, how crazy is that? lol
@GDGOfficial no fair, I just bought mine this morning 
@GDGOfficial seriously, I want to come see you on Monday, but due to the economy, I am broke  So..what do you say..
@GDGOfficial: ahh so unfairur going on aboutmeet and greet passes and ur not coming to scotland  not fair
@Gdott greg can u stop with the jokes already   http://myloc.me/4pkD
@gdrage LOL that'll teach me to blindly trust amazon search results without reading! 
@gds  Excellent. Still working here 
@GdUpSwag  follow me its my birthday and  thats my present 
@GDurham85 @Chris_Bayliss no one loves me 
@GDurham85 whoa, rejected.  @adMike I was rejected. Help?
@gealbhan_beag     I hate cat pee.
@gear02 The Zune hardware itself doesn't do unicode. The software does. I have a couple of Japanese songs that show up as blocks. 
@gearhedd1 hear hear to that! Paul hides my favourites. 
@gearhedd1 night hike? I've been there too before and ya I agree. Wouldn't want to encounter a cougar. Hmm I don't even own flip-flops 
@gebrauchslyrik I knew about Stephen already! The other great dames aren't her tho 
@geckobrothers I think Hunt joined the cast, but not as her replacement. Just doesn't make sense 
@gee_squared cause i know how much he meant to you and i was so sad when i heard that  &lt;33
@geeayeyen why aren't you here?  funnnnnnn.
@Geeblink A eu fiz de chocolate 
has spent the majority of today on the xbox, hopefully seeing sarah and dee tomorrow! missed u guys. missing c too 
has started to neglect her twitter  will be trying to give it the attention it deserves...
has started to pack her room away 
has stolen a sister for herself tonight. She doesn't get to stay for long, though. 
has stupid shoes and stupid feet, said shoes has bruised said feet, equaling to pain 
has such a bad headache.... 
Has such a boring day... v_v What a rainy day here in Germany. Well anyway for some reasons my computer doesn't let me update BK. 
has such a long day ahead of her 
has sunday sadness syndrome 
has Superman That Ho stuck a la tete... is lying in bed watching House... can't WAIT to work tomorrow 9-2 and then jury duty thursday! 
Has temporarily lost her funny. 
Has terrible fucking sun burn @_@ Hurts like a bitch and I can't sleep, or barely move 
has that monday morning feeling 
has the 3.30 munchies but still has work to do 
Has the biggest headache ever 
Has the busiest hungover day everrrr!  Dance rehearsal at 10, lunch with friends, work, Ayr Races for a flutter, Mansion House tonight! ah
has the butterflies!  
has the chicken pox and is very down !!  x
has the concert blues now i think!  tell me to get a grip! lol
has the day off and is going to enjoy it...but has to work out 
has the dentist today 
has the flu  well atleast it's not swine flu.
has the hardest decision to make... EVER!! 
Has the hiccups 
Has the house to him self tonight....but no gf 
Has the look of 'dragged thru a hedge backwards' and feels as though i may have been! I don't pull it off either! 
has the lurgey which means im sick on my weekend off and cant go to my friends hen night tonight-i was looking foreward to pole dancing 
has the Monday blues 
has the most awesome week!! Cancun is amazing!!.. I had so much fun.. I will miss everyone I met there, the beach, and the clubs! 
has the mother of all pimples percolating on her chin - it hurts 
has the munchies.. an ders no munchies to munch! 
Has the next 2 days off. I WILL get rest on at least one of them dammit! Ashley, David, &amp; Evan are all gone for 2 weeks 
has the orthadonist in 40 mins, not looking forward to a brace tightning 
has the sinus blues 
Has the Swine flu  OH CRAP IM GUNNA DIE!
has the urge to go shopping.hmmm but i've got no money,how? 
has the van in the shop 
has the worst cold. siiigh..  cold number four of 2009..
Has the worst hangover in the world after a really boozy night... 
has THE worst headache 
has the worst migraine ever 
Has the worst sore throat 
has the worst sunburn iv possibly ever had  
Has the worst tummy ache nd its a busy saturday 
has this awful feeling in the pit of her stomach 
has thrown up on 3 different trains in the last 24 hours 
Has time speeded up? It's almost 2pm and I've still got stacks to do 
Has to back to school tomorrow  I need encouragement.
Has to be at work in 5 hours 
HAS to be productive today. laundry and closet cleaning...fun fun 
has to call school tomorrow for stupid parking tickets &gt;.&lt; ... then hopefully going to karaoke for ivans farewell party 
has to clean her room 
has to clean house today. not fun 
has to do art homework 
has to do boring science homework 
has to do two 50 page assignments this weekend  there goes any chance of relaxation!!
has to find a job tomorrow  someone just whisk me away to california please..
Has to find a new place to live 
has to find more friends with twitter. this is boring. 
has to finish this art essay, it's due tomorrow 
Has to get a new tyre for her car as I had a puncture at weekend 
has to get ready for work.... poopy 
has to get up at 7 in the morning &quot;later&quot; 
has to get up early tomorrow to have my outside pics taken at Best 
Has to get up for work tomorrow morning...Not sure if i can 
has to get up really early to say goodbye to one of his best friends. 
Has to go 2 work now 
has to go and pick up her 16 yo daughter from her part time job soon.... 2 more years   til she can drive herself.
has to go back to jury duty in 4 hours. 
has to go back to KS tomorrow. 
Has to go get a shot 
has to go get new brakes on his car today. 4 new tires and new brakes all in the same month, I think my wallet is  dieing of starvation. 
has to go home  and very sad about it
has to go home and let the gasman fix her heater  grrrr
has to go out. Why is he not ready yet?  Idiot.
has to go quiet till at least Wednesday 
has to go take the SAT  but then gets to spend the rest of the day with Sarah!
has to go to a viewing today. 
has to go to dance class tonight 
has to go to doctors at 240pm 
has to go to ncc for an appointment to get back into college and its rainy 
has to go to school now 
has to go to slleep early b/c my bro is sick. Hope he gets better soon. 
has to go to slough tomorrow  i wish monday would just hurry up and be over and let it be tuesday already
has to go to the dentist and have them yell at me for not flossing 
has to go to the dentist today. 
has to go to the DMV this morning.    Have to get copy of car title.  This is a good reason to keep important papers safe. No DMV visits!
has to go to the doctors early in the morning and doesn't want to 
has to go to the effin orthodontist today 
Has to go to work early today and is tired 
has to go to work now...gosh Daniel can be a bloody mean selfish man sometimes...i hope mums okay 
Has to go to work on a beautiful day such as today!! 
has to go to work soon  help me
has to go to work sounding like a frog...with a headache n a runny nose...I HATE being a grown up 
has to go to work tomorrow 
has to go to work tonight 
has to go to wrk in 40 mins  !!! i dini wanna go i wnt to tweet instead !!!!
has to go working again for the 3rd time of this day. no drumlesson this evening. 
has to install everything back onto her laptop 
has to kill time downtown.   Come hang out!
has to leave for work in less than two hours 
Has to make up at five tomorrow 
has to make up three tests tomorrow 
has to now code in GROOVY ... even google hasn't heard much abt it 
has to open tomorow  on Matt and I's 5th year anniversary too poo
has to pack, stillll. and doesn't want to.. 
Has to pee with the door open because she's frightened. 
Has to pick up his rental car at the goddamn airport because his mom stole his real car 
has to read like 100 pages + a week for his post grad studies 
has to resit exams over summer...  wishes he worked harder at first year of uni...
has to return the shirt she bought from Topshop bc she has $50 in her bank account that has to last her the rest of the month, life sucks 
has to revise more  and wants more followers :L
has to say goodbye to Ash in two hours. 
Has to sit in english with the devil for 2 HOURS!! 
has to spend the day at Farm Business Survey entering financial data into a spreadsheet 
Has to start back on uni work 
Has to start working 
has to stay in on a sunny day  ill
has to study for chem now. 
has to study hard today 
has to study math 4 econ but isnt in the mood 
has to study my ass off for freakin exams. 
has to take my car to the shop 
has to tidy room 
has to unfortunately get ready for work. 
has to wait a WEEK to find out if her writing is any good  sux!
has to wait another 2 hours for RCN?? NOT cool 
Has to wait another day for my new stock  http://showinoffscrapbooking.blogspot.com
has to wait for the comcast people 
has to wait till tomorrowwwwww..... these text messages are killing me 
Has to wait until Thursday to get the new JB CD 
Has to wake up @ 430am  boooooo.  Debating on sleeping for the first five hrs of the drive. . . .
has to wake up at 5:30 from tomorrow ! 
has to wake up early again tomorrow 
Has to wake up early tomorrow for the fight 
has to wake up reasonably early for grad practice. 
has to wake up to early 
has to walk chairs to the 15th floor 3 times a day because of elevator malfunctioning  http://plurk.com/p/11thea
has to walk to work soon in the pouring rain! how gay 
has to watch out 4 planes becuz im hes so fly 
has to work at 12    Woke up Bright and Early at 6.  Once I have my 7 hours, I can't sleep anymore.
has to work at the hospital today...and is NOT happy about it  
HAS to work non-stop over the next few days to catch up on college stuffs 
has to work today 
Has to work tomorrow....   
has to work tonight &amp; wish everything was still closed up 
has to work tonight because everyone's calling out sick. whyyyyy.. 
has to write a report about the amount of light at different points in a room...... 
has tonsilitis on my birthday 
has too many bug bites to count 
has too many clothes but it dosen't count if half of them don't fit  not even mentioning the shoes... imelda
has TOO many emails from facebook!! 
has too many errands to run this afternoon. 
has too many little pricks in her life (ouch!) 
has tried to watch both &quot;mall cop&quot; AND &quot;valkyrie&quot; on my ps2 and they both have messed up. and i was getting into &quot;mall cop&quot;  lol
has tummy ache 
has tummy pains  n woke stu up for a drink in the middle of the night, I don't remember it
has turned into val. ive just shouted at the rats 'are you going to make me sit here and watch you?! no. i should bloody hope not!' 
Has tweeted a lot lately.  Don't know why. I do know I'm doing to bed...night sweet cheeks
has two kids with sore throats... oh joy 
Has two shifts to do today 
has two tickets to Amadou and Miriam for Tue. June 2 that I can't use  $25 each to anyone who wants 'em. That's face value. Should be good
Has very busy days ahead 
has very tired eyes. :'-( ahhhhh CVS. X-(  http://plurk.com/p/uipah
has walked 12 miles today, and is now dieing 
has wasted alllllllll of her day 
has watched saw 5 today and it scared me  and i really want busted back :[
Has way to much crap to do and feels like nothing on her summer list is going to get done. 
has weird spots on his arms.   http://plurk.com/p/xpxpq
Has wet feeet, like mega drenched ! ARGH 
has woken up depressed and just hating himself  still listening to Tinchy Stryder ft. N-Dubz - Number 1 ... thanks Emma Latto (Y)
has woken up depressed... I've opened that funny blog but no one is entering it, it makes me feel really sad 
Has woken up very late...ooops. Revision for me now...hmph 
has woken up with the worst tummy ache 
has woken up, almost 5am and realised he dozed off in the middle of a conversation. Sorry! 
Has won the high school system COLLEGE here I come! And now can't party due to first day of work 
has work at 2. It's going to be hot but hopefully because the weather is good there will be less people in. Not likely though 
has work at 8 
has work from 9 til 6 today  then work night out wooo!!
has work in less than 12 hours 
has work soon  cant be asked!!!!
has work this afternoon 
has work today 
has work today. with cramps. i'm home yet i can't wait to be home again 
has work tonight, tomorrow night, and sunday night  argh, dont wana think about itttttt
Has work very, very soon. Way too soon! 
has writer's block with my business blog 
Has written the 100 words, rearranged, etc. Hasn't sketched. Is wondering if she can get away with that at work. Highly doubts it. Bugger 
Has Yasuhiro Yoshiura sold out? Time of Eve episodes 1 and 2 was great but he's going the mainstream comedy route on episodes 3 and 4 
has yellow hair. hah! blarrrggghhh i dont want to work today 
Has yet to go to sleep today and has to go to work tonight 
Has yet to upgrade to OS 3 gift card doesn't work with upgrade.  FIX IT APPLE!! plz?
has yust trend whit bicikel end fucking rain cact me 
Hasn't been in the Twittering mood today 
hasnt been on here in ages.......actually forgotten how to work it, oh no!!!! 
hasn't been on twitter in a long time.  my bad
Hasn't been on twitter in aaaaages  but it working a long day today ... not fun
hasnt been that greater start to the day 
Hasn't been to a group ritual in many many MANY moons  bring on the sabbat baaaabbbbyyyyy!
Hasn't cried that hard at a goodbye in a long time 
Hasn't envy to revise but regrettably in the bond regrettably = &gt; not cool 
hasn't even gotten out of the parking lot yet and already misses his brother 
Hasn't gone to bed yet.. 
Hasn't got a fricken working shower ...nooooo I need my shower 
hasn't got her twitter back yet 
Hasn't gotten a single look from him all day. 
hasn't had a good day with the kiddies  maybe they'll take on board what I said tho ??? ha ha ha
hasn't had a good start to the day. got up at NINE, cleaned a filthy GARAGE, got SOAKING and a head full of COBWEBS 
hasnt had any lovin for a while 
hasn't had any REAL ice cream today  Just a softie in Hyde Park...
hasn't heard from her sweetheart Marty-poo for the past few days and is getting worried sick. 
hasn't it been ten days already?  
Hasn't quite grasped this 
hasn't slept since tuesday night, and that was on a sofa 
hasn't stopped sneezing all day 
Hasnt talked to Sam in a super long time  -alyssaBRUNO&lt;3
hasn't tweeted for a while  - Is trying to find some cool kids on twitter
Hasn't watched TD in a long time. 2 days! 
hasta manana tweople. still havent fixed my twitter app 
hasta take nony to the vet on monday...hes sickums 
Hat jemand jQuery-Tools runtergeladen? Der Server ist down 
Hatar massutdelnings dagar 
Hate 2 hour meetings. I want hugs 
hate acrylic nails, they decided to chip off. 
Hate being alone on days like today when im feeling terribly sick 
hate being at school when its hot  trying to convince my mam to have a barbaque for t !
Hate being caught n the middle of the boss &amp; the boss's bosses battles. 
hate being home alone on a sat nite 
Hate being ill. 
Hate being sick  but love getting a few days off work to chillax!
Hate being sick  especially when there's no one to pamper me 
hate being sick  fifty in five by hilltop hoods is a GREAT song 
Hate being sick  fucking stuffy nose and coughing.
Hate being sick at home...i'm sooooo bored 
Hate being so sad I can't even sleep, to much on my mind. 
Hate being up so early 
Hate calling out but me no feel good and I didn't even drink last night 
hate college D: i have So much work to finish asap  i love the word ASAP! it makes me feel important. i can feel that toast coming back 
Hate E3 sometimes, mainly because I want most of the games they are showing 
hate excel sheets that require only copy paste 
Hate feeling down 
Hate fighting 
Hate forgetting to change the page setup before printing - makes me feel so wasteful 
Hate getting three blocks away and realiZing these shoes are going to hurt 
Hate going to the doctor 
Hate goodbyes, mom going back to ireland 2morrow, both kids in tears 
HATE HATE HATE admin - my admin file labels read &quot;Boring Stuff 1&quot; &quot;BS 2&quot; &quot;Stuff 2 try &amp; avoid&quot; etc.!!! Hmphff *folds arms &amp; stomps foot* 
hate hate hate hate hate hate Norwegian. Exam on Tuesday. Dont wanna 
Hate hate hate hate turning down gigs. 
Hate having a busted car 
Hate how my sources aren't getting back to me and one of the theaters closed! Stupid cut backs on theater in this county 
Hate I have to be at work right now. And of course, they have blocked streamingfaith 
hate i never got to see El DeBarge live...the one time I did go see DeBarge..El was sick..could not perform. i was crushed 
Hate it when a cop is behind me. 
Hate it when husband curses!! Which is almost all the time  wasn't always like that though.
Hate it when I find the perfect pair of jeans online only to find that they are $178!!!  makes me sad. Hello! Skinny Jeans are so perfect.
Hate it when I put my foot in my mouth. 
Hate it when I wake up with a headache  think I've been in front of the computer too much lately, as having breakfast and tea didn't help 
hate it when it looks like rain but it never comes  i miss fl thunderstorms.
hate it when she's annoyed at me  
Hate it when such news arrives 
hate it when you come back on monday with failing #junit and spock tests, forgetting what you were  doing on friday 
Hate it when you forget to lower your ISO after being inside and get grainy shots in perfect light outside...when in Paris 
hate leaving 
hate linux...most of the applications are not developed for this OS  I miss twihrl when I am at work!!!!
hate long speeches  their ppt presentation was so boring
Hate Mondays 
Hate my back today... Normally, it hurts just a little bit, but today it's like a 9 out of 10 
hate my hair 
Hate my hair. Hate my silliness. 
hate my job 
Hate my life now without my maid  mina come back!  - http://tweet.sg
Hate my life!! Somebody kill me please! 
hate my mom! -.- it's raining cats and dogs and my mom tells me to stay INSIDE!!! i LOVE RAIN!! i NEED to go outside when it'sraining! 
hate my new haircolor. damn 
Hate my PC! My brand new Sims 3 wont' play properly  Ahhhhh
HATE MY SECTION! SHIIIT. 
Hate packing  The last year has gone far too fast...
hate packing! aaargh 
Hate Rain  blah
hate sleeping alone 
hate spammers! now i should change my email 
Hate spending Sundays at home. An argument always erupts 
Hate staying on a Sunday... 
Hate sundays. Really want some new things for my room - if only I could use ebay. 
hate that everything is all on the 19th of june 
Hate that girl who put the kitten into an oven 
hate that i hafta say goodbye today....    in San Jose, CA
hate that i missed laidback luke last night!! 
hate that my jigga boo didnt send a gnite kiss  rawr.!
hate the bloating feeling.. 
Hate the doctors, especially when they dont tell you what wrong with you! 
Hate the rain 
hate the rain! 
hate the weather 
Hate these &quot;premium&quot; articles on mckinseyquarterly.com 
hate these soooo! 
Hate this 
hate this fucking cold. i can't stop sneezing. and claratyne only works for an hr or 2 
Hate this latex allergy of mine. no water balloon fights 
hate this weather 
HATE THIS WEATHER ALL RAINY N SHIT PERFECT WEATHER FOR CUDDLING  TOO BAD  I REALLY DONT HAVE NO ONE  FOR THAT
hate this week so much! 
hate thunderstorms 
hate to admit but i'm getting bored of FML and TFLN  any new pointless websites?
hate to be a downer but im off for a while 
hate to be late 
Hate to leave  but catch you shortly! x
hate to lost my best freind  cz i love him then i'd losted him
hate to say goodbyes 
Hate to see animals in distress  how can humans be so in-human??!?!
hate to watch on telly what i'm missing right niw. 
hate twitter, it made me follow 100ish people and i cant stop folowing them. it wont let me  haha
hate unpackingg 
Hate waiting at doctors offices.  http://twitpic.com/7q5b7
Hate wakin up early specially from a day like yesterday. Wish it could rain the whole day today. 
Hate warm wether at night time! Far too hot to sleep 
Hate watching my hubby in pains 
hate when I can't sleep 
Hate when I wake up early...Ready to get day started but can't for another five hours 
Hate when its so foggy that I can't see the statue of liberty on the way to work. 
hate when my knees swell after work  time to use the RICE method
Hate when the first 2 thoughts when I wake up in the morning are abt bad things 
Hate work now 
hate workin' on the east side 
Hate writing out CV's it takes ages 
hate you dezerita 
Hated Conan - where is Jay Leno 
Hated everything! Loved one thing but no  life is hard!
hatee tidying the house for people to come view it! too much effort! 
hateeeeeees having her periods ... 
Haters---you suck. 
hates @internet @explrer (angry)(angry) **but no choice**  http://plurk.com/p/rqqi5
Hates a high pollen count 
hates a stuffy day!  http://plurk.com/p/13s7y7
hates accouting  i cant believe how bad i did on that exam! fml
hates aerobics with a definite passion 
hates all day headaches 
hates AOL, why does it always take like 15 minutes to get connected 
Hates bad mornings. Don't feel like doing anything now. 
hates being a girl one day every month. red flag days are here.  http://plurk.com/p/p5zpm
Hates being at work ,hates being ground, hatesss haveing to clean my room, hates when he cant hang out with @lalalovebrielle 
hates being at work when its sunny 
hates being awakened in the  middle of the night by a tummy ache 
hates being away 
hates being away from you  ... also wishes it would stop raining.
hates being broke 
hates being broke  especially on the weekend to cause all i wana do is go out
hates being home again 
Hates being home, boring as fuck 
hates being put in awarked positions !! 
hates being scared 
Hates being sick  excited for my interview tomorrow
hates being sick.  ... but loves stereos, they made my day brighter! &lt;3
Hates being sick.  My throat is killing me 
Hates being sick. It sucks 
Hates being this burnt!! Ouch 
hates being up at this god forsaken time  I fought the law and the law wonnnnn
hates blood tests for  vaccination! only 4 days left! 
hates braces! Can't eat well.  http://plurk.com/p/xm8rw
Hates Business and Economy revision 
hates car accidents 
hates CHM5 soooooo much 
hates cleaning the bathroom, it doesn't help that it is all white. 
Hates college, its the worst! 
Hates Cricket Season already!! Bank Hol wkend &amp; he is playing Cricket ALL WKEND!!! Can't wait til Sept 
hates crying! but here i am doing it.  http://plurk.com/p/sybta
hates dell. Seriously, they suck. AND..........I start class tomorrow  Sad day.
Hates different work schedules. and not being able to see a certain someone til wednesday  this is killing me.
hates doing dishes  
hates doing the out-of-hours monthly network maintenance for work 
hates drama.  but still had fun @ the dance
Hates drum programming!  Going to bed I think. Night all.
hates early mornings  ugh
hates everyone 
hates fathers day   - http://bkite.com/08K6A
hates feeling all bunged up.. feel like i can't breathe properly 
Hates feeling sick  Goodmorning to me right? Bleh.
Hates feeling this way 
Hates fights with B... 
hates filling out tax return forms...... 
hates flight delay 
Hates Fox for canceling the best show ever created: PRISON BREAK  it's been an amazing four seasons! ='(
hates fucking gcse's SPOOO PISSSSED OFFF! i cud of been there 
Hates getting cancelled on  of well tonight I hide from the rain and keep dry!
hates getting raked over on artificially inflated closing costs. 
hates getting silly songs suck in her head. 
hates getting up early 
Hates going to sleep without a proper goodnight 
hates going to the doctor, im only going because i HAVE to. 
Hates going to work on a public holiday! 
Hates goodbye! Any kind of goodbye! Geez! Hate it!! Period! End of story! 
hates goodbyes. 
hates goodbyes.....   
hates government run offices! Effffing licensing shit 
Hates havin a hand that hurts 
hates having $7,000 in the bank and not being able to get to it until tuesday!!  so is broke all effing weekend!!  
hates having a long sunday lunch with people who are less enthusiastic about consuming vino than she is. One glass for a sunday lunch 
hates having so many important decisions to make.! 
hates having the flu 
HATES having to be a drill sargeant in the morning in order to get us all up and out the door on time. 
hates having to be at work for six am 
hates having to explain to oaps why they cant have my seat on the bus!  dam health!
Hates having to sleep alone 
hates haysneezer 
Hates her accounts getting hacked 
hates her left knee. It hurts very badly. I hate being awake at 7:30 in the morning. Making poached eggs. 
Hates her life. And im disappointed with the jonas brothers 
hates her new haircut LOL!  http://plurk.com/p/vfa9l
hates herself. leaving her fone at home is the stupidest thing she could ever do    
hates his tuesday sched... 11am- 5:30pm.. no breaks..  http://plurk.com/p/11720f
Hates holidays like today....what am I supposed to do? 
hates Home Icon... Regarding my network not available  http://plurk.com/p/wxhcy
hates HOMEWORKSSSSSSSSSSSS  AND QUIZZES ( http://plurk.com/p/11celj
hates how just being friends isnt good enough for some 
hates how the AA rummage sale is all the way at Boca Park. 
Hates it when good days end bad 
hates it when i burn my toung having sou 
Hates it when I can't view a video clip merely because I'm not in the US of A 
Hates it when my little girl is sick! 
hates it when really good plans fall through 
hates it when someone contacts us for a wedding on a date we're booked. Especially when they love us. 
hates it when someone says they are going to do something and they don't do it. ugh. 
hates it when you get a message that isnt just sent to u, so un personal 
hates it when you want something so bad and you dont get it  wish id done better
Hates itunes programe 
I feel like life has been passing me by and I've missed a lot of opportunities that I shoulda had the chance but didn't get to have! 
i feel like my 2nd toe is suffocated but its not but yet it hurts like crazy no lie 
i feel like my face is burning. 
I feel like my gum might be pulling out one of my fillings. 
I feel like my head is going to explode  ...but so excited about things!
I feel like no one in this house is ever happy. 
I feel like no one is available to hang out with me. 
I feel like no one wants to talk to me today 
I feel like one of those little pawns in a game of chess. Just moved all around the board. And apparently easy to dispose of 
i feel like p00p  i caught my dad's cold
i feel like partaaaying, any partaaays on ? 
I feel like playing a game - and a Star Wars kind of one. Have dug out Battlefront II. Why were there no more Dark Forces games 
i feel like puking 
i feel like realli crying 
I feel like Rock Band loves me. Taking back Sunday added last week, 2 songs from @coheed this week. AWESOME. to bad my drum pedal broke. 
I feel like sh*# 
I feel like shit 
I feel like shit right now 
I feel like shit today 
i feel like shit today I feel like Im the size of the world I hate it 
I feel like shit today, didn't sleep to 8am thanks to my hay fever.   and cheese and onion crisps are yucky. http://tinyurl.com/mnpw4x
I feel like SHIT!! 
i feel like shit!!!!!! 
I feel like shit,I'm missing one of my best friends 21st birthday party.I've planned it with her and now I'm a no show! omg 
I feel like shit.  terribleterribleterrible.
i feel like shite. if i dont sleep tonight my head will implode. i cant even smoke a cigarette i'm so tired 
I feel like shittt 
I feel like shittt my head is dying I cant  sleep cause it hurts too much 
i feel like some bs is about to be dropped on me tonight  laaaaaaaaame.
i feel like some hot fresh fries 
I feel like someone has sucked all the energy out of of 
I feel like someone is sitting on my chest..  
I feel like something bad is headed my way, like when you see an Asian behind the wheel of a car... 
I feel like something is growing in me 
i feel like something's missing.  back to school :|
i feel like str8 up shit!!  work up feeling sick like if im going to throw up  ughh
I feel like such a failure this morning 
i feel like such a hypebeast  http://ff.im/3EEyQ
i feel like summer will be over soon 
I feel like Taylor, tweeting so much!!!!! I can't talk to Emz, we suck at talking on the phone 
i feel like texadelphia is a little pricey. 
I feel like that every night 
I feel like the girl with no face  come on twitter!
I feel like the guy from Memento. I'm gonna have to start tattooing myself just to remember stuff 
I feel like the night is still young, but it's also too late to go do anything. I'm so bored; I don't know what to do with myself! hahaha 
I feel like the only 18-year-old here 
I feel like the worse person in the world 
I feel like the worst daughter ever. I didn't make breakfast for my mom OR do the dishes. -_- But she wouldn't let me! 
I feel like the worst employee ever. We're all out of ice and ppl keep ordering smoothies. Also, I just dropped cheese on the floor. 
I feel like there's a growing tumor in  my knee after a mosquito bit me 
i feel like there's this subconscious pressure on my life right now... no me gusta 
I feel like this is like the worst day of my life. I had a little fight with my mom.  Now I'm going to Tampere! I hope my day gets better.
I feel like this mothers day is gonna be a bad one  my husband just picked a fight with me 
i feel like throwing up the aloe vera and asian chips now 
I feel like today is gonna be a bad day 
I feel like total crap 
i feel like total crap it hurts 
i feel like twittering cause im bored in the car 
i feel like waking my baby up i miss him 
i feel like watching a disney movie...too bad we dont have a vcr anymore 
I feel like watching Disney movies 
I Feel like watching the ghost whisperer episode I watched earlier! Was sad  but at the same time so beautiful! And I can't sleep 
I feel like we don't pay enough attention to people we've lost in our lives.. Miss you jen! Xx 
i feel like were on tour again my washing machine has just died and i have to wash all my clothes in the shower 
i feel like.. throwing up :S eww make it go away 
i feel lil crazy with all this stuff playing in mind.... 
I feel lonely right know.... 
I feel lonely without my camera 
I feel lonley 
I feel mad at dad right now cos suddenly i think of school. Is there any sadder world than mine? So sad... 
I feel me lonley. I need you 
i feel more guilty than ever. got really sweet txts  babyboi. eh when did things get complicated
I feel much better today although I am still under the weather  ...YAY it's Friday
I feel naked on the train back from &quot;the country&quot; without my bike 
I feel naked without my book @nattinklesonu ! I'm gonna go back to ur house to get it. I can't go to sleep without it.  
i feel nauseous all of a sudden 
I feel nauseous and stuffy, not how I should be feeling if I want to get anything productive done 
I FEEL NO LOVE ON TWITTER TODAY 
I feel nouseos (sp?) again and my mom wants me to go to school 
i feel officially betrayed 
I feel old laying in the bed rite now... I know I have 2 shows tmrw but I reallly wanna go see @makeupmanmae and them!!! Shit. 
I feel panicy and i have the shakes  i dont feel to good...
I feel pathetic  ewwwwwwuuuhhh
I feel pathetic. Noone is talkin to me 
I feel poor without a camera! 
i feel pukey 
I feel quite depressed to be honest. Sick of missing people! All the chances with that person are in another town, too far, too skint 
I feel rancid at the thought of going back to work 
I feel really bad 
I feel really bad  I told Justin to come over...then right before he was supposed to get here, I told him I was too tired...oops.
I feel really bad about spamming  #trackle will you give me an iphone so my followers wont have to keep watching me beg you for one?
I feel really bad for David. Ugh, that lady takes fangirling way too far. Nobody deserves to be treated like that. 
I feel really bad for female racoons with abusive racoon husbands... when you always have black eyes- no one can help 
i feel really bad for the whales 
i feel really bad for those gosselin kids, they know whats going on &amp; it just makes my heart sick 
I feel really bad today, I think a cold's coming. 
I feel really bad, this pain is killing me ... because I'm allergic to the ants :S Today I &quot;attacked&quot; xD many                           
i feel really crappy. i hope i'm not getting sick, i have a full day ahead of me tomorrow. 
I feel really down 
i feel really empty right now its hard trying to get over your ex 
i feel really fat again, and my stomach is still killing me! 
I feel really not so good right now. 
I feel really really sick.....think I might go lie down for an hour or so before work again.  
I feel really sad all of a sudden. Loss is a terrible thing. 
I feel really sick  and i'm working tonight. Greaaaat.
I feel really sick  Must remember to eat well before and after especially when I take those nasty iron pills.
I feel really sick and I have to take some stupied test tomorrow then work 
I feel really sick to my stomach... I want to go home 
I feel really sick when I see pregnant women 
i feel really sick, and finals start tomorrow  .... hopefully i feel better in the morning, otherwise ill probably fail my exam, ugh
I feel really sick. Im gonna go outside. 
i feel really sick... blah 
I feel really sickkk. 
i feel really tired again 
i feel really unwell  got cold. going to search for something.
i feel restless, confined to the 4 walls that is work 
I feel rough as! Quiz night was explosive! Literally! My head is now explosive too  Fizzy wine is the work of the devil!
i feel sad  and i still have too many things to do..
i feel sad  the last call with my best friends till the end of july.. and in the hose next to me is big party..
I feel sad for all my coworkers that got laid off today and pray they will all be ok  (via #zenjar )
I feel sad for all the deformed people 
i feel sad for you elizabeth. 
I feel sad now  idk why.
i feel sad. Rafa Nadal lost his chances of winning the French Open title this year. 
I feel scared sometimes... Don't know why.     wonder what the hell is goin' on.
I feel shame 
i feel shit... i am sick 
I feel shitttteee  my eye has swollen up loads, I hate the heat!!!!!!!!!!!!
I feel sick   three tests today, history, biology &amp; german ( bleh )
I feel sick  ,  I have so much art coursework to do and I don't even know what it is..
i feel sick  || asti's party last night.. fun night but im so tired and the stairs were wet so i tripped up them and my arm hurts  lol x
i feel sick  and i has bruises from last night n chunks outta me but im going back for more friday...ily all time low
I feel sick  but im going to school anyway
i feel sick  have had a headache and sore throat since yesterday 
I feel sick  this  morning, ,ay have eaten wrong 
i feel sick  this is not a good way to start summer....
i feel sick about having to do this presentation. bleeeegh boke 
i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol
i feel sick again.  puking is no fun.
I feel sick and i wanna stay in bed 
I feel sick help me please ! 
i feel sick now  i spose thats what i get for eating a whole packet of tim tams OOPS
I feel sick to my stomach... Ugh 
I feel sick to my stomachhhhhhh! 
i feel sick! she is UGH! he promised! i cant even talk to him right now.  i dont even know when i will be able to again. he promised!! 
I feel sick!!!  no!!!!! Curses!!! Stupid stomich!
I feel sick.  @JoelMadden My mom quit after two weeks of taking Chantix and she smoked for twenty-some years.
I feel sick.  Lots of english revision to do today 
i feel sick. and it's nothing to do with accidents or doctors. the ratrace sucks bigtime 
I feel sick. I have no voice. And my head is clogged. What a great day 
I feel sick. Why dies prom have to be tonight 
I feel sick...  my nose is auu sttuffed n shit!! This ssuckks! &amp; i cant stop sneezing! Ughh!!
i feel sick.........i ate to many pikelets. 
i feel sick...and i wish rojer could stay home today and not work. 
I feel sick..like don't wanna get out of bed, be bothered, don't go 2 work, turn da light off, pull da shades n tv off type of sick 
I feel sicky poo today  I need some sleep....
I feel slightly ill right now I haven't ate since yesterday 
I feel slightly sick now  #BGT
i feel so alone  hehe...that's because i am.. haha..i wanna watch up
I feel so alone  r.I.p jason missd u shall be..
I feel so alone ! I miss my true and old friends 
I feel so alone in the twitter world...  I think my best friend @Brasil81188 should keep me company! &lt;3
i feel so alone right now  CANT WAIT TILL MOVIE MARATHON TONIGHT! *is excited*
I feel so alone rite now!! 
I feel so bad even though i just took my vacation  IDK y
I feel so bad for @ddlovato  It must suck losing your voice right befor eyou kick off your tour!
i feel so bad for Josh! 
I feel so bad for sel   I would be sad without demi too.
I feel so bad for the family of the little boy who died from E.coli  He even went to carpenter's elementary, that is sad :/
I feel so bad for the Ling families 
i feel so bad for what ive done last night     
I FEEL SO BAD hahahaha. I thought it was someone playing a joke but no 
I feel so bad I think I got my girls sick and its the worst when your kids r sick you feel bad and you can't do anything 
I feel so bad now  it sucks when people are so nice to you.
I feel so bad putting the rest of my beanie babies in storage... but it's the best thing for them! 
i feel so bad, sad, upset. i got sick my little &quot;friend&quot; of the month for the second time this month and now my friend is mad at me. 
I feel so bad, so stupid and so dumb. 
I feel so bad.. I couldn't sing a Barney song that she requested. I don't even know the lyric! 
I feel so bad... I planned movie night with the kids but I crashed hard for a couple hours.  Maybe tomorrow.  
I feel so badly that I can't stop to cry --- Melissa 
I feel so bored, I have nothind to do 
I feel so damn sick right now and I still have to work tonight. 
I feel so damned wiped 
I feel so disapointed now  Think I may go make some eggs and get ready for work, guess i'll have to wait 
I feel so drained 
I feel so drowsy. err. I'll be back. My head hurts 
I feel so empty and hollow.. 
I feel so empty without an episode of Jonas .. can't wait for this saturday! Disney can't do this to us 
I feel so empty.  i'm so alone right now i miss the only thing two people that matter  imy baby
I feel so fat and ugly when i wear flat shoes 
I feel so frustrated 
I feel so fucking horrible. - jeezits: *hugs*  http://tumblr.com/x5y23sdwd
I feel so fucking ill... I blame the horrible bright lights in the drama studio 
i feel so goddamn weird 
I feel so good... I'm exhausted though. 
I feel so hot!! time for taking a shower... 
I feel so hungry i wanna cry 
i feel so icky and i still havent heard back from that job yet - eee - bad day 
I feel so inactive since I came back from the US! I wanna go back there so badly! 
I feel so lame today. I miss Jim	
I feel so lazy been unemployed now 
I feel so lazy today I really just want to wrap up eat some fruit and read my Huey P Newton Reader I have been neglecting my books 
I feel so left behind. I would be there, but I can't 
i feel so left out 
I feel so left out im gonna cry 
I feel so left out not having an iphone.  There's no such thing as a 3.0 update for a HTC ToUCHpro 
i feel so lonely, i don't feel like i have any best friends 
I FEEL SO LOST RIGHT NOW.  wtf..
i feel so lost without my laptop.  
I feel so lost. My hollow vessel has collapsed. 
i feel so much better but i can't really talk 
i feel so naked  wants my beard back!
i feel so naked without a necklace 
I feel so naked without my Moleskine. I hope Red can find his way home soon. 
I feel so naughty....the Pork Scratchings just called to me in the garage. I am weak 
I feel so needy 
I feel so old, cause its time for me to go to bed 
i feel so poor right now  breaking up with someone who basically keeps everything means you have to buy all new stuff! boo
i feel so puny and young! 
i feel so restless and slightly grumpy 
i feel so sad i dont feel like doing anything!!!! 
I feel so sad since Gavin needs to go back to the Philippines soon! It's really breaking my heart...   http://twitpic.com/8ddhx
I feel so sad that @tommcfly isn't in the lead anymore!  Because he truly is the best twitterer!!
I feel so sad, I don't know what to do.  I spent all night dreaming about the girl i love but it isn't going to work out this time 
I feel so selfish. I want to talk with erin. But I dont want to take him away from his friend time. 
i feel so shit today, i ate like a pig even though its not my free day..  two days in a row, eating rubbish!  boooo...
i feel so shitty now  i'm so sorry. gah ffs. i'm the worst person ever 
I feel so sick  Sleepytime now
i feel so sick  the gym is going to make it worse im sure maybe ill skip seeing how i want to projectile vomit all over.
I feel so sick and wish @lukeysixx was here right now 
I feel SO sick right now 
I feel so sick right now. I have nothing to do you we still have a few hours.  I need to get out of this van.
I feel so sick to my stomach 
I feel so sick to my stomach. Plus the fan at my register doesn't work 
I feel so sick today. It might be from that BBQ but I hardly ate anything and felt way sick before that! I hope I'm not getting something 
I feel so sick what's wrong with me 
I feel so sick....pills,here I come!  Damn these stupid life changing exams. Damn them 
I feel so so so so baaaadddddd 
I feel so sorry for all those people who have no water! I'd die 
I feel so sorry to the friends and families of the ppl who were killed in the Air France flight. 
I feel so swollen  waiting for the movers to show up and still clearing things up. My dad woke up upset at our progress. We slept 5 hours
I feel so tech savvy I'm on two computers at once. But the one doesn't want to read my external.  So sad...
I feel so terrible right now 
I feel so tired 
i feel so tired 2 day ! uggh had to get ready really early 2 day 
i feel so tired and my blackberry isn't letting me get on the internet 
I feel so tired at times 
I feel so ugly right now I hope no one bug's me about how ugly i look at school 
I feel so ugly with my braces i wish my teef were straight already 
i feel so unbelievably hideously crap today  but i have so much work to do i should just get on with it.
i feel so uncomfortable today, clothes are rubbing, tooo hot 
I feel so unprepared  why can't I just be smart
I feel so yuckey today  blahh
i feel soo bad for Rob, the PAPZ whistle and yell athim  http://bit.ly/Gg5Jf
i feel soo not well right now 
I feel soo sick  I have a bad feeling for today...
i feel soo wierd w/o watching keeping up with the kardashians... it finished last week 
i feel soo..i dont know 
I feel sooo sorry for my mom who fell down the steps at the alter boxing everything up after the wedding and dislocated her elbow. 
i feel soooo bad 'cause i was supose to go 2 my friends surprise b-day party but i totaly forgot 
I feel sooooooo....... jealous of Kristen Stewart right now, cause' she doesn't realize how lucky she is to be with Robert Pattinson!!!!! 
i feel soooooooo sick right now....i think i have a fever 
I feel sore  Going to take a hot shower!
i feel sorry for cairon! 
I feel sorry for David Cook  ..His Brother Died. Rest in Peace Adam Cook.
I feel sorry for that lady even though she talks a lot. She def has some sort of handicap of the mind.  I hope someone comes to get her.
i feel srry for the ppl going on bib track it is poring down with rain and is gonna be for the next 3 days  and it is freezing cold
I feel terrible for dropping my little man off at the vet to get fixed today. He's gonna hate me 
I feel terrible so i am not going to school 
i feel terrible that my mom is sad 'cause of my grandma in the hospital.and i'm scared.why is the life so so so so hard??? I mean...ah 
I feel terrible today  bloody hay fever
I feel terrible today! Alcohol is a nasty drug 
I feel TERRIBLE!..  SickSick! ... Ah! The school don't let me read .. I want to read The house of the spirits! - Isabel Allende
I feel that 40% of all my tweets are about me going to our vacation house... Well let's just say that I'm here now. I have nothing to do! 
I feel that death is knocking on my door! I can't eat well, recurring back pain, bleeding HAY! 
I feel that too... 
I feel the best when I'm alone. When there are other people around me, there's a chance I might get hurt. I don't wanna get hurt anymore. 
I feel the decsion I make will be the wrong one 
I feel the need to stay at home in my pjs the whole morning...unfortunately that isnt gonna happen! 
I feel the Nuggets will win tonight....  Happy Birthday Carmelo Anthony
I feel the sudden urge to go out and dance at a crazy rave in like... San Fran or something... too bad I have finals tomorrow. 
I feel the warm caress of summer sun on my back and it feels damn good. Still wouldn't mind a tulip or two though #Ottawa 
i feel the worst ive felt in a long time...     i am w/ a group of people (except 2) who r only standing next 2 me cuz i got green. wh ...
i feel the worst right now. and im so pissed i smashed a hole in my door  sorry door, ily.
I feel tired.  Don't want to read my stack of readings! 
I feel today is going to be horrid. The milk has gone off and there's nothing for breakfast. 
i feel too tired and weak to cook 
I feel ugly  wearing pants thou !
I feel ugly today 
i feel unaccomplished due to the lack of tweeting today! 
i feel unloved. dropped 2 tweeters 
I feel used =        By @VH1Hoopz = Giggity
I feel useless I don't know what to do right now. I'm so bored 
I feel utterly dissapointed. 
i feel v poorly sick 
i feel very UN PRETTY. i know i aint' beautiful like those other girls. 
I feel very very Homesick 
I feel very very pessimistic about upcoming english exam 
I feel vommy  but I got my leavers hoodie today which is so warm and comfy.
I feel washed out today 
I feel worse today than i did yesterday  and now my throat hurts!
i feeling like throwing up 
I feeling really sick today... 
i fell a sleep but i woke up because i can't quit thainking about soming! im scared! 
I fell asleep after my round 7 match by the time I woke up I'd timed out on round 8 forfeiting the match. 4-4 probably missed top 64 
I fell asleep in class.. for a bit.  But still tryna stay awake until class is over. 2 more hours. -_-
I fell asleep on the sofa with the TV and the lights on, now I feel like I didn't get any sleep. 
i fell asleep so i done no studying  i guess i need to get my head down tomorrow
I fell asleep watching highlights on ESPN last nite. Damn! Now when I turn my tv on...NUGGETS loss 
I fell down and busted my butt 
I fell on my crutches again 
i fell rollerskating  now my knee hurts
I fell soooo sick and its way to early but my mom is still dragging me to disneyland 
i fell tired, i want to sleep, but im almost done with some work, and i need to go to the bathroom 
I fell yesterday and hurt my knee big time!  Now I can't canoe tomorrow.  
I fell! I think my knee is broken  but I look fabulous 
I fell, rolled my ankle, went to ER and have a hair line fracture, so I have an air cast and crutches... Frick!!!! 
I felt amazing after the session with the trainer today! Only to find out that my bff is having MAJOR relationship problems. Boo 
I felt awk, I didn't know those kids   if you normally are in an epic chat I'll go live if you wish ;)
I felt cheated in the last maths paper - a few things we could do - yet they asked slightly different things oh i cant explain - oh i was 
i felt guilty seeing Rihanna naked.   somebody send chris brown a computer virus
I felt like crap today.Runny nose+cough.  I just got a flu shot last Saturday,I guess I get these after shots...UGH HOMEWORK.I'm TIRED.(
I felt like I just hit the sack then after a few seconds, Ate Juliet was waking me already. My head hurts. 
i felt like i was cheating on twitter this weekend with facebook-i posted a message on sunday..i haven't been giving FB any love 
i felt like i'm inside oven today  .. it was 50+ in Jubail East of saudi arabia
I felt really sleepy 2day. I didn' sleep well last nite 
I felt super sick today . . runny nose, soar throat, my stomach hurt, aye.  . . But . . I miss my Luis. Tomorrow should be fun!
I felt useless at home, I mean I can't even help my mom about household chores.. 
I finally figured out why it doesnt feel like summer. Its cus im not at the schools bball gym when every summer it was my second home 
I finally finish packing and the hallway in my apt is packed with Dominicans cuz it my roommate mom b day so the whole family is here 
I finally finished my music industry project. Now to present the powerpoint tomorrow in class 
I finally finished my sirop i got in france at easter and now i'm sad 
i finally got holla'd at the club lmao but he was NOT cute. 
i finally got my coffee ! but not a starbucks  hhaah
i finally got my internet working, but whenever i try to go to facebook, it says ACCESS DENIED!!  i will be on gtalk though!
I finally got ovr 200 follwers! But then had 2 block the spammers.  Thx 2 my new REAL follwers: @switchfoot (squee!) @sunyuk @inspiredguru
i finally got round to buying and reading Brisinger and now i've only got that much left  why don't books... http://tinyurl.com/kn2cha
I finally had the hang of it...and then new tweets wouldn't show up anymore 
I finally had to use the block feature on twitter today. 
I finally have 2 days away from the salons, though I suspect my wife is going to make me catch up on house stuff rather than relax 
I finally have a Saturday off and its raining! No fun 
I finally heard from Guinness. It turns out they never got the signed agreement, so I have to do that all over again and wait some more. 
I finally paid my taxes. It's a sad day.  Who wants to drink? haha
I finally realized why ive been so depresd thanks 2 my bestie Sami, so ive just gotta tough it out til its over. Missing ppl sucks. 
I finally set-up a new twitter account, just couldnt figure out what was wrong with original account 
I finally signed up for Twitter...took a bored night in NM on the way driving home to set it up 
I finally wrote and posted my review of EMMA by Jane Austen~ http://bit.ly/CBv6G ~ no vid, though... YouTube is being screwy for me. 
I FINALY GET BACON!!!! or not.  im a bacon nerd!!!
i find CV men to be rather not exciting.  I can't lie:  SD men, LA men and SF men are way hotter and (gulp) cooler to be around.  
I find I'm incapable of changing my picture. 
I find it annoying in the 3.0 software that I have to unlock my device before I use the &quot;shake to shuffle&quot; feature. 
I find it interesting that I send long, detailed emails and FB messages only to get a one-liner response. Ugh 
I find it sad that the first time i'm going to church since last summer is for my best friend's ex-boyfriend's mother's funeral. 
I find it sad that the Tokio Hotel fans won't unleash their mad voting skillz for TH's labelmate @ladygaga. 
I find it strange that I have loads of work on Fridays but almost none on mondays 
I find myself becoming emotionally drained 
I find out today why I have been having dizzy spells, I hope it's nothing serious 
I find the lack of hockey coverage in this state insulting 
I find the thunder &amp; the rain that comes with it so cosy &amp; beautiful. I don't know why, but i just do. Wish i had someone to cosy up to. 
I finger was In the way when I shut the door It hurt 
i finished 1/2 the work........better head off 2 bed now 
I finished all my work... What should I do know? Maybe I can... no, blocked internet 
I finished beta-ing the chapter, but I don't know where it disappeared to! May have to re-beta it! 
I can't decide between Western Digital and giving Seagate another chance.  You hurt me real bad Seagate 
i can't decide on a picture for my very special twitter account 
I cant decide on the design for my birthday cake 
I can't decide where I'm going to put my star trek glasses from burger king  They're too special to use for drinking purposes.
I can't diet for the life of me.  I love my carbs way too much.  
I can't DM frm my phone  @jelanifr3sh u on aim??
I can't do it all 
I can't do it!!!!!!!  I'm nearing clinical depression right now
i can't do jumpstyle. i just can't. 
I can't do my task 
I can't do this  Me = very very upset!
i cant do this anymore! 
I can't do this presentation  I dont even know what im talking about!
I can't do this. I don't have the patience to just sit here and read a text book. I'm going to fail finals, and that's that. 
I can't doing all by myself....feel so helpless 
I can't donate plasma 
I can't download the 3.0 iPod/iPhone firmware 
i cant draw hands 
i can't dynamically generate the contents of the sequence.html.glimmer.js at load time 
I can't eat anything except for pudding and other non-chewable food. 
I can't eat my dinner..my wisdom is starting to grow..it really hurts 
i can't effin sleep....ive felt weird all day...whats wrong with me? 
i can't enjoy the weather 
I can't even eat my Twix bars 
i can't even escape him in my sleep. i keep having wonderful dreams about him. 
i can't even hang out with my best friend @achen92 because of our parents' paranoia of the swine flu 
I can't even look at Denny's without getting teary eyed.  i miss you best friend!
i can't even open my eyes from crying so hard...  no sleep. no break. no mom.
I can't even tell what @nottjmiller is tweeting about anymore 
I can't even watch the hills cuz I have no cable  buttttttt I can watch it online! Yay!
i can't fall asleep and i am really mad that my work schedule interferes with BJJ all the time.  
I can't fall asleep! This sucks 
I can't fall asleep!!   
I can't fall asleep. I will not be a happy camper in the morning. 
i can't fall asleep. i wish facebook would work on my phone 
I can't fall back asleep!!! UGH!!! -goes to lay down and close my eyes until I fall asleep again  -
I can't fall back asleep. 
I can't feel any part of my body. I'm sore, tired, &amp; stuck in traffic!!! 
i can't feel my legs!!! soooo tired! bullshit!  back to zero again, tomorrow!!!! 
i CANT FIGHT without YOU baby   pleaseee
I cant figure out cryptoquotes anymore. Wtf brain? 
I can't figure out how to sync my subscribed icalendars  still #fb
I can't figure out what to wear!!! 
I can't figure this thing out!!???? help 
I can't find a magnifying glass 
I can't find a magnum double caramel anywhere! only almond, classic or white magnums in all the shops in D4   why?
i can't find a picture of myself! 
I can't find a swim suit  fuckkkk, I'm going to the beach in my dress.
I cant find anyone on this? 
i can't find CMT awards!! i want to see taylor performing!! 
I can't find Demi and Selena's People magazine for anything 
I can't find enough people who like Harry Potter irl to play Quidditch with me 
I can't find GG episode seventeen of season one 
i can't find it  @Esco8705
I can't find Joe Buck Live in English!  I took 5 semesters of Spanish, but only passed one.  
I can't find lysha 
I can't find my aphex twin beanie. 
i cant find my bb GODDDD 
I CANT FIND MY BEANIE! im gonna cry 
I can't find my capo. 
I can't find my car 
I can't find my cell 
I can't find my chapstick 
I can't find my chapstick! 
I can't find my chapstick. sadness. 
I can't find my charger for my macbook  booooo.
I can't find my chocolate 
i can't find my cord for my phone 
i can't find my custom msn icon 
I can't find my gloves  they've become a part of me over the past weeks. now I can't find them. fml [TFV]
I can't find my Ipod   Just tore the living room apart and never found it.
I can't find my ipod chord and I just put two new CD's on it  At least I can charge it to my dock...goodnight!!!
i can't find my ipod headphones anywhere 
i cant find my ipod! 
I can't find my iPod! Dx I'm like freaking now... Have you seen it?  lol
i cant find my keys 
I can't find my laptop charger 
I can't find my license! 
I CANT FIND MY MERMAID TAIL!!!!!!!!!! 
I can't find my Organization 13 shirt, and i'm really ticked off about that 
i can't find my other shoe 
I CANT FIND MY PENCIL CASE!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHH rest im peace fearless warrior!!!! BOOOOOOO!!!!! this blows 
i cant find my permit..i think i lost it..how do i replace it???? 
I can't find my remote and I am not enjoying this now 
I cant find my remote.. this means I have to clean my room now   ahhhh!
I can't find my shampoo... 
I can't find my shooooooes 
I cant find my size in jeans that have holes in them  weeps! maybe i need to gain weight ...
I can't find my straightener  I'm gonna look like shit tomorrow...
i can't find my vintage knitting leaflet thingy. i really hope it's not lost 
I can't find my wedding rings... Let's see where did I bury the hooker again? Jk but seriously can't find my rings 
I can't find ne thing to wear 
I can't find official ABC app on #boxee 
i cant find sound effects for my school work 
I can't find TH 
I can't find the battery charger for my big girl camera 
I can't find the bus song by @owlcity. 
I cant find the exact blue shoes Kristen Stewart was wearing 
I can't find twlight or across the universe! 
i can't find what i'm looking for 
I can't fit into my old pants 
i can't fix anything. i seem to only break them. 
I cant focus on revision this all this news about Iran 
i can't focus to save my life. i gotta get through this damn class before tonight 
i can't focus! 
I can't focus.. 
I can't follow anymore from @tweetie -    http://pix.im/JmR37
I can't freakin' believe I let Laura suck me into twitter! 
I can't freaking figure my internet/computer out 
I can't fucking believe it!!! 
i cant fulfill my shopping. 
I can't function without starbucks! 
I can't get a flight to Tenerife for less than £290 for 2 nights and £220 for 5 nights for u !!!  xxxxxxxxxxxx
I CANT GET A PIC TO FIT TH BACKGROUND 
I can't get a Zoom for the week off and it gotta be in on Monday. I've only recorded one interview. Massive fail. 
i can't get any information about the 30 day challenge my headset is not working  http://ff.im/41UwO
I can't get back to sleep  fucking crack rocks.
I can't get comfortable in my bulky blanket. I need a Snuggie 
i cant get in.  i have the same password and user dammit FML
I can't get into Audiobooks.  I want to, but I keep falling asleep and can't find my place again. 
i can't get it to work without tweetdeck lol  forget both of those links!
I can't get Music Catch 2 to load. 
I can't get my head around why I'm still hung up about _ _ _ _ _ _ 
I can't get my headset to sync with my iPod 
I can't get my laptop to start up  I guess that's what I get for using a laptopi bought off of ebay for so long.
i cant get my mac to recognize my camera  and i took some really awesome pictures today.
i cant get my phone til thursday  mommys still buying me fags though XD
I CAN'T GET MY PICTURE BACK ON!!! and idk why. 
i cant get my scanner to work. Im sad 
i cant get my tweetdeck to work 
I can't get no Satisfaction... 
I cant get on CMT to vote for the CMT AWARDS 
I cant get on twitter 
I can't get on Twitter from my computer 
I can't get online tonight  x
I can't get past 79 on flight control. 
i can't get rid of my Facebook account 
I can't get rid of this sinking feeling that something bad is going to happen. I'm trying to think positively, but it's been so hard. 
i cant get sims 3 b.c i dont hav leopard. effing gay man. im so blown!!!! 
I can't get Sophie Ellis Bextor's new choon outta my noggin. 
I can't get sunshine anywhere 
I can't get the AC temp set perfectly it is either too hot or too cold. 
i cant get the main feed back on  does anyone have an alternate feed link? #asot400
I can't get the new sk.. I jus upgraded to my BB like 2months ago 
I cant get the twitter website to work from my phone. Super sad face 
i can't get this Lisa Ho dress i saw today. It was soo AMAZINGLY GOURGEOUS! and perfect and and...expensive... sad face 
I cant get through to vote!  #bgt
I can't get to Mia @Kidrobotrules but I feel so incomplete without the Rainy Day Dunny  I called u about them and everything. Send me 1!
I can't get to Miami @Kidrobot but I feel so imcomplete without the Rainy Day Dunny  I've called u about them and everything. Send me 1!
I can't get to sleep  i have to be up in like 6 hours!
i cant get to sleep with this itchy toe 
I can't get to sleep, might aswell get up and hope I don't ruin this exam :o 
I can't get to sleep. I have an urge to make friendship bracelets. 
I can't get twit pic to work 
I can't get twitpic to work. Ohhhh. 
I can't get twitter mobile to woooork 
I cant go back to sleeeep! 
I can't go back to sleeep  cz I have meeeting at 12! NOT FAIR!!!
I cant go back to sleep 
I can't go back to sleep 
I can't go back to sleep. 
I can't go downstairs without crying. 
I can't go I won't be able to see everything is blurry ima look like mami n teresa  http://myloc.me/4heZ
I can't go into the Lenox CK store without buying something.  Even with my ban on non-EPZ and non-organic products.
I can't go swimming for a week 
I can't go to @Fishoutofsea's after all because of the time/car/car insurance/shit I have to do tomorrow issues. 
I can't go to Disney tomorrow cause of that stupid training. It's not fair 
i can't go to element  . effen work 6am on friday ugh . i should quit ! &gt;:o iLOL kidding .
I can't go to Farmer's Market today 
I can't go to my Dance Training in Manila later. I'm stuck here in the province. 
i cant go to picnic... 
I can't go to sleep now cause i have so much on my mind...Ohhh Noooo 
I CANT GO TO SLEEP!!!!! 
I can't go to sleep. My sister insisted that we watch Passion of the Christ. I'm scared 
i can't go to star trek 
I cant go to the pool  CRAP! ERGG! Birthday Party XP and Family XP
i can't go to the zoo 
I cant go to VEGAS dyz Wkend 
i cant golfy!!! you arent in my little coolll direct message list 
I can't handle new keyboard  what should I do?
I can't have a sleep over 2nite  
I can't have caffine  @waxingpoetic75 A drink that you have been horribly deprived of since birth. http://www.cheerwinecorp.com/ ...
I can't have cake because my tooth hurts too much for solid foods  This is a terrible thing to happen.
i cant hear anything outta my left ear 
i cant help but feel bad 
I can't help but think that Mosley's TV interview will only fuel the flames of the auguments   #formula1
i can't hold it in anymore.. i can't act like i'm fine when i'm not.. 
I can't hook up with anyone today for  a squash game! Everyone's busy 
I can't I'm on my iPhone 
I can't imagine life without Battlestar.  Gonna have to savour those last three episodes. *sigh*
I can't jailbreak @timtimug a ipodtouch.it's frustrating. 
I cant keep my eyes open!!! so sleepy 
I can't keep pretending I'm fine with this. 
i cant keep promises i guess.... maybe i should give the ring back 
I can't keep up with everyone I follow. Sorry guys  you tweet too much. I'll do better.
I cant keep up with this website ahaha no but this weekend was awesomeeee im tempted to go to chicago next weekend i miss it again 
I can't leave ella alone   she keeps poppin stiches when she's alone
I can't listen to this NIN music anymore.  It doesn't make sense to me if I can't have my fantasies 
I cant listen to Tonic now without thinking of Sarver 
I CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT YOUUUUUU, TWITTERRRRRRRR  omfg, funcione bem, pelo amor do bom deus  estou entrando em p�nico j� e e e.. PQP
I cant log in to facebook or Lycos mail  It gives me a &quot; Network timeout error&quot; 
i cant login on twitter with my cell phone oopsie 
I cant make it thru this sandstorm 
I can't make it to the shoot this afternoon  UGGHH!
I can't make it.  Agility every Tues and this is the first week. Have fun yall.  @kayoungche @talljules @Jo_Crew @vbkim @JulieRe
I can't make my photo show up for my profile pic. 
I can't mother fucking sleep. I feel horrible and there's no way to get ahold of goddamned Colin. 
i can't motivate myself to work.....somebody needs to threaten me with a red hot poker or bomb, or a sniper rifle or a very sharp stick. 
I can't move my arm again  what's up with mg shoulder!?  Got in a fight with my parents this morning but its ok cuz Im on my way to ch ...
I can't move my arms. 
I can't move my head  AHHHH
i can't move. in excruciating pain from really bad fall. my entire right side kind immobile and i'm alone right now  ahhhhhh pain!!!!!!
I can't nap its no fun when ur alone! I need me a cuddle buddy 
i can't open baby v's pic!!! 
i can't open my carmex because my hands have hand cream on 
I can't open the jar of olives, and I want one! 
i can't open twitter daily, coz of smtn 
i cant play game party of wii!!! 
i cant play my sims 3..  the video card is not supported..  zzzz
I can't play voleyball today!!  I have to go to the doctor
I can't please anyone and I'm being torn in all directions. Need to make a clone. 
i can't practice choir today, i'm very tired 
i cant print on the letterhead and it is really frustrating me 
I can't program without a working autospec. When failures it keeps on testing, when no failures it doesn't detect changes  #ubuntu #ruby
I can't put a background nor a picture on my side  jeez that sucks!!!
I can't really figure out that much of what's new with the iPhone upgrade 
I can't really remember why Ash and I wanted some gammon last night. All I know is that we did, and there was none 
i cant really sleep very well 
I can't remember anything sarah just told me to add to my course work 
I can't remember dreading work like this in such a long time, I just wanna stay home with my crew 
I can't remember the last Yankee game I got to see 
I can't remember twittering last?! Was I drunk and didn't realise? I wish I was partying in Londonnnn! 
I can't remember what I'm supposed to be doing today 
I can't remember when was my last tweet...so busy with all these crazy projects 
i can't remember which tunnel i need to go down to get to the post office 
I can't reply to DM's for some reason  stupid Twobile.
I can't reply to stuff or 'star' stuff!  My little doohickeys won't come up! 
i cant say anything....... 
I can't see Adriano tonight  
I can't see any of my @s.    Twitter is contributing to my obsessive fear of missing something interesting...
I can't see gingers twitters 
i cant see it 
I can't see it in the app store either... 
I can't see John's Tweets on Tweetdeck or the Web 
I can't see my followers  It says &quot;Something is technically wrong&quot; 
i cant see my picture!! 
I can't see my Twitter avatar. 
I can't see ppl's momentiles anymore on twitter  read a lil now goin to beddy.
I cant see the mtv awards 
I can't seem to &quot;follow&quot; @ddlovato... how come? 
I can't seem to be able to sleep through the night. I keep waking up at 2, 3, or 4am &amp; staying uo for an hour. 
i cant seem to be happy for more than a couple days...it just doesnt happen to me 
I can't seem to concentrate well today. sigh 
I can't seem to find a background I like.   I think this is going to take me awhile.
I can't seem to find KNPR. I want Prairie Home Companion. 
I can't seem to focus at all at work today!!!  ahhhh!
I can't seem to let go. I hate crying and not having a shoulder to cry on  take me away, I'm gonna hurt somebody. Take me away right now.
i cant seem to see my pic that i uploaded... 
I can't seem to settle on a character... I just haven't found that one yet that makes me go &quot;this...is...it!&quot;. 
I cant seem to shake this sleepy feeling  Me and niya are coloring in her lil mermaid coloring book i feel like watching
I can't seem to upload a new pic to my account. 
I can't seem to visit techpowerup.com  I'm deprived of hardware news
i can't sleeeeeeeeeeeep. help me!  i think my awful awful hair color is keeping me awake. it's fucking YELLOW.
I can't sleep     ...........and I'm grouchy
I can't sleep   Monday please go away.
I can't sleep  &amp; I have a horrible headache!
I can't sleep  (missing the boy).
I cant sleep  and i hate early morning wake-ups. Maybe ill get myself breakfast in the mornin'
I cant sleep  and i think im getting a fever 
I can't sleep  and noone to text...
I can't sleep  but I'm a sleepyhead.
I can't sleep  damn this cold and sore throat!
i can't sleep  getting bored of csi and not sure how to work this dvd player! Should probably figure that out soon... lol
I can't sleep  Had only a few hours sleep in the last couple of days. No fun.
i cant sleep  i dont get it, i got a job FINALLY and things are lookin up, whats got me feelin so stressed?
i cant sleep  i have to much shite in my head (n)
I can't sleep  I have way too much on my mind. I hate that!! I read for a bit, but that didn't make me tired either.. Ughhhh
I can't sleep  I keep waking up again coz it's to hot. now the birds outside are whistling
I can't sleep  I miss someone!)
I can't sleep  I really miss him.
I can't sleep  it's always the same at the weekend when I can stay up I fall asleep early, but when I have to work the next day...
I can't sleep  So exhausted.
I can't sleep  This always happens when I'm away from my own bed.
i cant sleep  this is killing meeee.
i cant sleep  wish the rain would pee off!!
i cant sleep (1:40 am in france)... 
I can't sleep (even after taking nyquil)...and now i have hiccups 
I can't sleep alone!!! I miss my boyfriend.  come home already Daddy!!
i can't sleep and for some reason i'm still sore from playing tennis yesterday...  it huuuurts
i cant sleep and im bored as ever 
I can't sleep and my body hurts 
i cant sleep and rex cant text anymore 
I cant sleep anymore! 
I cant sleep at all! This has been happening alot lately  dont know what to do- any ideas? Text them to me!
i can't sleep at night anymore!! what's wrong with me?! 
I CAN'T SLEEP BABYYYYYY. WHERE ARE YOUUUUU 
I can't sleep because I can't breathe. Feel like crap 
I can't sleep because of it either 
I can't sleep but I'm exhausted 
i cant sleep cause my stomach is growling 
I cant sleep fuck my life 
I can't sleep got too much on my mind 
I can't sleep i guess another night without any sleep 
I can't sleep I'm not feeling well  I hope I'm not getting sick #fb
i cant sleep i'm too excited 
I can't sleep maybe it's because I bought a prius 
I cant sleep my nap 
I can't sleep n the bf is nowhere 2 b found 
I can't sleep now.  It is the worst feeling ever.  I'm even drinking tea I will try anything at this point.
I can't sleep once more. Plus, watching Dairy of the Dead is making me less sleepy 
I can't sleep ugh!! and I have shit to do all damn day tomorrow. Wanting to take a sleeping pill but I know Ill get up late 
I can't sleep without him nearby  
I can't sleep without my boy wrapping his arms around me.....  it's gonna b a long night (sigh)
I can't sleep without my pillow 
I cant sleep yet again. I hate having to work in the morning after no sleep 
I cant sleep!  i have cheer practice tomorrow! I need the energy! :\
I can't sleep!  i'm hoping wednesday comes soon. So holiday officially starts. ^^ - http://tweet.sg
i cant sleep! ...  HOLY SHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIII.................T
I can't sleep! I have to get up in 3 hrs. 
I cant sleep! My legs hurt so bad  yes, my legs... Strange..am i getting old? Damn, 21 and already ruined! Haha wanna be 17 again...
i can't sleep! Not tired  I am down for a insomniac drive anywhere.
I can't sleep! Therefore I have the giant urge to twitter. I need to stop taking naps for 3 hours.+ then nothing gets done. 
I can't sleep!!  Correction - I was asleep and got woken up and now I can't sleep! 
I can't sleep!!  epp someone is awake and it scared the crap outta me!
I can't sleep, i dont know why! 
I can't sleep, watching a show about a girl without a face, I'm like gagging it's so gross. But I feel soo bad for that little girl 
I cant sleep. 
I can't sleep.  It's too windy and scary out.
I can't sleep. And i need to wake up early tomorrow. 
I can't sleep. I can't find my grandmother's quilt or locket. I'm sick at myself cause I may have lost them somehow. Or they were stolen 
I can't sleep. I need my gutiar 
I can't sleep. I wanna talk to him so bad! 
i can't sleep. i wish nick stayed awake 
I can't sleep. Im scared. I just hope he is okay.  im under a lot of STRESS!
I can't sleep. Not felling well at all 
i can't sleep. people i like are annoyed with me.  it's not a comforting thought. why doesn't anyone say anything? i like to apologize ...
i cant sleep. this is awful. i wish someone would just knock me unconscious. oh and i just learned i dont know how to spell unconscious. 
I CANT SLEEP. WAHHHHHH  *sigh*
I can't sleep...  need to be up at 6...   
i can't sleep... got uni in the morning  but it's the last day ever!!
I cant sleep... WAHHH its so boring 
I can't sleep...it's only 3:25 a.m. here right now 
I can't sleep...that damn nap screwed me up! 
i cant sleep..uhhh my head hurts    im feeling really lonely.
i Cant smell the weekend yet....we work on saturdays too 
I can't spend another day not leaving the house. Got work at 4, meh 
I can't stand late people!! 
i cant stand school today! I'm so sad and tired 
I can't stand that I get all giggly about Robert Pattinson. I'm supposed to be an adult. 
i cant stand the taste of alcohol, so it has to be fruity,and it  only takes half of glass 
i can't stand this weather, it's almost the 4th of july and their hasnt been one hot day since i got back from vaca  fucking new england
I cant stand this. this assignment is to emotional. i hate it. i want to cry. 
I cant stay awake 
i can't stay awake any longer 
I can't stay awake much longer...must sleep...now if only I hadn't seen the spider on the ceiling while working out... 
I cant stinkin sleep... my neck is sooore but I dont want to take more pain killers, 'cause then I _wont_ sleep at all 
I can't stomach reading The Fat Jew's Twitter. The only word I can come up with to describe him is &quot;gross.&quot; 
i cant stop being sad when you arent with me 
I can't stop being sad. 
i can't stop coughing! ugh 
i cant stop crying...WHY?! why?! did this have to happen to us!! stupid diseases and everything!! 
I can't stop cutting bits off my hair. Soon my fringe will be 1cm long 
i cant stop listening to fall for you - secondhand serenade. @justjessxo21 hellp 
I can't stop listening to the live version of IRO-bot by Coheed and Cambria  Halp!
I can't stop looking. http://thisiswhyyourefat.com/ My arteries hurt just looking at it but my stomach won't let me look away. 
I can't stop my heart from calling you 
I cant stop sneezing 
I can't stop sneezing today 
I can't stop sneezing! Now I know summer is here 
i can't stop sneezing, and my head starts to ache 
i can't stop sneezing. it's miserable feeling. 
I cant stop thinking about Dennis....  meh
I can't stop thinking about Download 
I can't stop thinking in the families and the little kids who died in Hermosillo. It is a terrible and painful tragedy. My condolences 
i cant stop thinking of him.  forget it sof
i can't stop thinking why no one is replying . we're forgotten . no one cares .  poor us . --cookies ♥
I can't stop worrying whether the venue people will allow another person at the Prom or not...they should but my mind can't stop worrying 
I can't study  finals suck
I CAN'T STUDY! I don't know whyyyyy 
I can't study. I can't memorize. It's toooo much 
I can't support see these photos, I know that u're very friends, and i love all, but I can't support see nicholas with anybody 
I can't take it  http://bit.ly/5jI38
I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE I LOVE YOU AS HARD AS I COULD 
I can't take my license test on tuesday. 
i can't talk, i lost my voice 
I can't talk. Great. I feel like Ariel I just hope a Prince Erik doesn't try talking to me 
i can't taste anything  i hate this cold!
i can't tell any oen who is actually going to read how much i need a fag right nw  but its raining and im still in the pjs ! ahhh laziness
I can't tell him how I feel 
i can't tell time 
I can't think about anything but this stupid, huge crater of a wrinkle on my stupid forehead. It's sad! 
I can't think of anybody else who I hate to miss as much as I hate missing you 
I can't think of anything to tweet about and this is making me really sad   Damn you twitter for ruining my life!
I cant think of anything to write this book on. Cool i did alyssas &amp; now i cant do mine 
i can't touch my toes anymore   so i worked out for like 10 minutes.....so lazy
I can't Tweet from school anymore  If I don't want to get in trouble)...I'll have to wait until 4:30 - 5:00 until my next Tweet! Good Bye!
I can't tweet from the office anymore!!! 
i cant twitter 
I can't undersant a shit  That's why i hate you History!
I can't understand why TimeMacine require restart periodically. 
I cant until I see ATL this summer.I really hope that the album doesnt get leaked tomorrow! Sorry if it happenes boys 
I can't update much now! 
i can't update my status frm my phone, huuu 
i can't update the page cause the rnbpromo still offline for three days 
I can't upload a piccyture  bad times
i cant upload formal pics. 
I can't upload pictures now on twitpic!  later i guess when i reach home.
i can't use my YM 
I cant wait for  wensday!! Transformers!! Working EVERY day.  Its so depressing.
I cant wait for call of duty modern warfare 2 
I can't wait for eternal twilight 2! please kill me  6 MONTHS 
i can't wait for fridayyy! even tho it'll be bittersweet 
I can't wait for Harper's Island tonight.. Shit.. i am still doing my assignment 
i cant wait for kelly's video! when love takes over! @kelly__Rowland I MISS YOU! 
I can't wait for michigan..but I don't want it to be july 
I cant wait for my hubby to be home, so i can cuddle with him on the couch and in bed!! i miss him! 4 months is way to long    LOVE YOU
I cant wait for the beach, but I HATE packing... 
i cant wait for the weeeeekennndddd  boo work. boo no sleep. boo no chai today. boo long day. boo no kc. booo
i can't wait for this gimpy knee to heal. i really took a spill 
I can't wait for this week to be over.  Things are going from bad to worse 
I can't wait for Tuesday!    I really need the end of school. Also I haven't updated my twitter in like 8 years. It's boring 
I can't wait for xmas eff a recession  http://twitgoo.com/tly9
I can't wait I'll boston @scmo @whoisdan!!!!!! Ill get the ticket tomorrow afternoon!! We will only be missing chels and shi 
I can't wait til josh comes up  it should be nao! anyways 5.29am, sleeptime twitter.
i can't wait till everyone gets home!!! aaahhhhh i miss you guys so much 
i cant wait till monday 
I can't wait till my replacement phone gets here, this one has officially died!! Can't even tweet like I want to 
@GeeGee305 lmaooo! Lets see wat happens....  i wouldn't want 2 miss vegas next year....us invading Vegas....AY MAMA!
@geegilee I think slumdog just wasn't my style of movie. 
@geehall1  - I didn;t finish work til 7.30pm &amp; then had 2B back in outer north again by 9.30pm, so I couldn;t come - I did want to though!
@Geek4eva no joke i looooove SVU just dont have time to watch it ever  plus no cable at the casa!!
@geekachu he's a numpty - move hopefully next weekend now @mark32i5b been helping me with flat pack stuff all day 
@geekachu I haven't had a toffee crisp in ages! It's a sad fact that things are getting smaller, including oatcakes! 
@geekachu I know, I know  I wont get into UNI so I can just take a gap year.
@geekachu Ive been banned from Fenton so no 
@geekachu that would have involed going near him 
@geekaholic cool! thanks! shd check Apple ones. but I still cdnt find a maemo meadia player with an equalizer.  gonna check xmms now.
@geekaholic ordered gnome T from www.hackerthreads.com but expnsv 
@geekandahalf I'm not donating sweetie, I was at the doctor. 
@geekasia I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@geekbot I know, I already own it on 360 
@Geeke It's a sad, sad addiction I have 
@Geeke OMG I guess I'll have to go to sleep then 
@GeekesS fail for me  gotta miss it for work. stupid time zones. i should call and say I will be late.
@geekgirl444 my boobs are already at my knees 
@geekgirl444 Oh no....  What ever has precipitated that outburst of swearyness....???
@geekgirl444 where's the fun in that? 
@geekigirl Now, that really sucks! 
@geekish No fair. D: Seriously... Golden Slumbers...it makes me cry. 
@geekjames Annoying as %$#@ about fridge. Where did you buy it? &amp; how's your cat doing in the new house. Moving is major stress for a cat 
@Geeklawyer the 70-200 f2.8 is awesome, borrowed one from @tomstyles last year, green with envy, Mrs won't sign it off 
@geekmama Ooooh, enjoy! Am with you on the tweezers, but I lost my favourite Rubis pair 
@geekmama well actually if im honest its times 3  amy has been a whingy pot all day just wanting to feed all the time! hasnt slept either
@GeekMommy the max has been 5... i could only triple myself 
@GeekMommy you have fibro?? oh, man... so sorry to hear 
@geeksteve Good job, Stevo!  That game was dismal 
@geektalkus Who's funeral? 
@geektastic  times infinity
@geektastic aw, sorry to hear that    *hugs*
@GeekTwisT BTW I heard Land of the Lost wasn't very good 
@GeekTwisT I don't have 7 pounds 
@GeekTwisT OMG! I have lots of feelings!! I was going to go take a shower but now I really might go cry   butthead
@Geekwife I hope we were hunting only the Twitlight vampires.    Cool either way!
@geekychessguy I loved it! I teared up approximately 1 and two half times. Two halves because I got reeally close twice. The 1, I did. 
@GeekySteph I am trying to get through my college work I should have done weeks ago. It's not good  Damm you twitter, facebook and TV! xx
@geemtz #haveyouever .... yes i have tweeted a celeb in hopes they would respond 
@Geeno33 no it scared me and made me think you collect eyes or summit 
@geeps76 ME NO LIKEY EITHER ABOUT FULLSERVICE 
@geerlingguy yeah, it does lots of things right, yet seems to drop the ball on the basics. I mean JUST got copy/paste 
@GEESHADOWSXO But I bet you're used to it... This is England! We're supposed to be cooler than this 
@geesmyangel that will be my outfit for tommorow lol i have to wait another 15 minutes before i vote again 
@geetar65 I know 
@geetheflea I thought you were having it for the wedding! 
@GeeUrie ummm idk i think she did.....and he was heartbroken... so was i 
@geezitslouize please tell me you have cough medicine downstairs?! 
@geezitsvivian Aww  PRO ain`t the same no more, tho. You tried an Anti-Virus scan or something?
@geezlweez i cant find seitan up here  im jealous!!
@GeezusHaberdash forgot his camera. so i couldnt put it on myspace. 
@GeezusHaberdash I don't even want 2 imagine ! I do not fuck with the devil  He is one sick mutha .....
@GeezusHaberdash LOL I hate to shop   I'm like a guy I go in get what I want and get the hell out !
@GeezusHaberdash LOL yes please  don't fuck with the devil 
@GeezusHaberdash what ??? Christina is my homie , I LOVE her . Leona just hasn't caught my attention 
@GeezusHaberdash Yea, I have been just about dead  And yaaaaaaaaaaa for over a hundred loyal minions!!!!!!
@GegeBrown aww devs! I thought you were coming up in June/July for holidays! 
@gehan99 maybe it's tropical up there machan, but here it's pure hell! 
I can't wait till next Wednesday! I wanna die right now! Ugh 
I can't wait till xo has her father daughter dance with dad. tear 
I can't wait to be done with work and cuddle in my bed...so tired 
I can't wait to be in Florida and be at happy hour every day! And why does this say I have 3 followers when I only have one? 
I can't wait to get home and see The Babii! She's been in boarding for a whole week now  mommy misses YOU sugar!
I can't wait to get my 360. Right at exam time too. 
i cant wait to get off workkkkkk! soon? please say soon! not going to be with the boy though.  kben :]
i cant wait to get unsick  i feel like ive been sick forever now.
i cant wait to go home and clean my apartment 
I can't wait to go to sleep. My stomach won't hurt then. 
i finished eating migoreng 
I finished my chem homework early, yaay more studying time...! 
I finished my english lessons 
i finished my history test, god it was so hard  and now i'm waiting for my break ..
i finished my packet of chocolate snakes 
I finished reading Suzanne's diary for Nicholas in a day, it was a really good book, made me cry 
I finished reading Twilight and i wanna start reading new moon but i do not have the book 
I finished SJ Full House!! \/ :&quot;&gt; Sad ending. 
I finished what i was doing last night, but now i am sleepy and unwilling to go to work....   anyway i have to 
I finished! But it won't work on Youtube. Uh-oh 
i finnished my ice cream  tiss all gone  ahh wellll theres more in my frezzer hmmmm
I fixed Catherine's internet.  Sort of.  Still have to get the wifi going for her laptop.  
I fixed my blogskin(after what seemed liked ages) but it's still as screwed as ever. 
I followed my new followers  3x but it isnt registering with #twitter that I am following? How many times do I have to follow to follow
I fon't wanna go to class guys   
i foresee a visit to urgent care in my near future. like, as soon as adam and cassie wake up 
hates Jordan Loren! Geeeeeeez, what the heck is your problem?  slet!
hates just waking up  ughh. what to wear what to wear???
hates LadyBugs  http://plurk.com/p/z1vom
Hates leaving teddy ... Now I'm miss both my boys  damn
Hates life so much. Wishing i wasnt here 
hates living at home and is dying to go back to AXO with her loves 
hates living in the coldest place ever 
Hates lonely frees 
Hates lying... 
Hates morning radio... Not enough music 
Hates morning traffic n hearing dolce cry in the backseat  taking him to get neutered...
Hates mornings. Especially rainy ones. 
Hates movin! Ahhh help me 
hates moving  lol
Hates MTV for making the videos unavailable for Canadians!!! 
hates my effin school.  http://plurk.com/p/xt3jq
hates my eyes.  http://plurk.com/p/yw37v
hates my life right now 
hates my nem  http://plurk.com/p/12dxmg
hates my self  http://plurk.com/p/12qzl1
hates MYEs.  why did the school put MYEs after the holidays!
hates myotonic dystrophy! 
hates not being able to seat down on long train rides.  and he hopes that his laptop gets discharged by today or tomorrow. The school  ...
hates not being able to sleep properly 
Hates not sleeping near her husband 
Hates ocd  jus spent half hr looking for ipod because my ocd was that i must find it.
hates oh just hates that beautiful soul shows its ugly side...  http://plurk.com/p/xg3q1
hates one degree burn. Bad 
Hates people that add you on skype sends you a weird message then dissapears happened to me 3 times  and also happens on twitter to ;(
hates people. whyyyyy? 
Hates petco! Jerks wouldn't give the new puppy a flea bath even though she really needs it  going to canyon lake tomorrow to get her shots
hates posion ivy! hates it! 
Hates ppl 
hates prank callers at 10 o'clock in the morning  especially when they try to put on an indian accent and they sound scottish/jamacan
hates putting in new contacts 
Hates rainy day... 
hates rainy days sometimes  http://plurk.com/p/y4qua
hates retail sometimes. Srsly.  Dumb customers.
hates revising 
Hates revision Specially when it's sunny 
hates romeo and juliet. if someone actually mentions shakespeare again after this - i just might have to massacre them. Shame. 
hates saying good byes  love the HT for life
hates saying good-bye to the people he loves. 
hates saying goodbye... You make me sad, OneUp. 
Hates scams 
Hates school and wants to go home 
Hates school! I don't freakin fit in here 
hates screaming children on planes.. 
hates seasonal allergies!!!! *sneezes*    
hates sitting under the dryer 
I forget about you twitter... I do. 
I forget the proper etiquette for concert t-shirts. Is it cool to get the shirt and then wear it at the show? No Vegas shirts tonight. 
I forgot 2 tell u guys that my neighbors dog had her puppies on june 13th! She had 7, but 2 died, 
i forgot about it too bec 
i forgot about twitter  i'm sorry twitter.
I forgot for the charge for my Iphone last night. 
I forgot how amazing the notebook is... Now i just need some one to watch it with 
i forgot how annoying re-setting up all of my programs and configs are T__T for 2 diff OS-es too! boo for nuking my partitions 
I forgot how bad it hurts. and damn, does it hurt like hell. [I'm just going to sleep forever...  ]
i forgot how bad that show yo momma was 
I forgot how good Pinkerton is.... too bad weezer sucks now 
I forgot how much arm and hammer toothpaste made my stomach hurt  I didn't even swallow. Just the taste blah.
I forgot how much I hated Da Vinci Code.
I forgot how much it sucks to be sick. 
I forgot how much tinker toys suck.  Why does Luke like these?
I forgot how silky it is to race a racing cyclist whilst commuting into London from Watford 
I forgot I had a twitter account! Uh... summer's awesome so far. No work = no money though  How's your May been?
I forgot I had an afternoon of training and decided to take a late lunch. Now I won't get my full lunch  Woe is me
I forgot I had to go to the bank 
i forgot i have a super early doc appointment tomorrow.  boo. still at work, hopefully i can get out of here soon.
I forgot I moved 100 east...make that 8 hours home. 
I forgot it was my dad's birthday today and I saw him multiple times. 
I forgot Jordan was on Twitter, and he knew that I hemmed his pants before he got home 
i cant wait until friday nights are not spent studying 
i cant wait until im 18... but its so far away 
I can't wait until it's Saturday night. I kind of do not want tomorrow. 
I can't wait until September for Dan Brown's new book, The Lost Symbol. 
I can't wake up this morning it's like i'm really depressed, except I have no reason to be.  oh and yay Lauzee clause is coming to town 
I can't wake up.  For reals, I've been hitting snooze for an hour.
I CANT WALK 
i can't walk 
I cant watch anythgin till tonight 
I can't watch harold and kumar. Bad and sad memories. 
I can't watch Jon and Kate Plus 8 anymore  I feel like my own parents are getting divorced. PS SWEET earrings Jon...barfo
i cant watch something that lags so much 
I can't watch that show any more.... 
i cant watch the trailor 
I can't watch TV without a Tivo.  And after all these years, the Time/Warner DVR  STILL sucks. http://www.davehitt.com/march03/twdvr.html
I can't watch vlog at work 
I can't write a blog about how much boys suck 
I cant write my work-in-progress  All I want to do is never write again. I'm not even on chapter 5 yet Maybe if I edit I can write again?
I cant!  im on twitter from my fone
I cant. 
I can't. I'm scared. 
I caught a flu  seen doctor and he told me it's a normal one unless I hv a fever.
I caught my limit, trout fry tomorrow! :  )  Poor Fish. 
I caught myself laughing to myself in a public place.  I thought of something funny and had a ridulous grin.  Kinda embarrased.  
i caved in to chocolate pressure.....it hasnt helped my mood though 
I caved in. I had half a can of coke today. Sorry no soda diet 
I caved on my no alcohol policy 
I CBA to do anything at the moment. 
i cba with anything ... 
hates smart-arse rooky police on power trips who pull you over and issue $189 fines 
hates somebody!   (tears) (unsure) (annoyed) (nottalking) http://plurk.com/p/z1est
hates studying for exams.... 
Hates studying on weekends 
hates stupid huge flies! I just got bit by one!  Ouchies!
hates Sunday! Bcos i got to work the following day 
hates taking her antibiotics coz they make her feel yuck!! 
hates taking the bus in the morning.. 
hates that buses don't run on Sundays 
hates that he has to study on Sunday. 
hates that he has to take two trains to get home after a night out. 
Hates that her friends are in Egypt right now 
hates that her ipod died so now she ant watch the new moon trailer before going to school  *pout*
hates that his phone refuses to communicate 
Hates that i cant even sleep in! 
hates that im finding it so hard to make certain changes in my life 
hates that in a few days, classes will start na. :| goodbye summer.  http://plurk.com/p/uik79
hates that in a weeks time he has to leave!!! 
hates that is phone isn't working..... 
hates that my 8:30 is ur 11:30      
hates that plurk doesn't have Pirate mode  http://plurk.com/p/tpyv6
hates that somethings going on with him and he won't let her be there for him. stupid boy 
hates that the rain washed away the arrows 
hates that theres nothing she can do 
hates that they killed off Jim on Ghost Whisperer.... such crap  boooo
hates the agonizing, excruciating, and unbearable pain of the prick of a needle...  http://plurk.com/p/11wenq
Hates the crappy weather, praying the rain will stop. I wanna go to the pool!  Couldn't be more bored, ready for Adam to get off duty.
hates the Dubai summer! How will i survive another 3 months 
hates the fact she is going to have to sue a magazine for not paying her for stuff she wrote in December 
Hates the fact that he can even go out 
hates the fact that there's no edit in twitter 
hates the fact that twitter wont upload my pics? i clikc save &amp; nothing happens! grrrrr   
hates the morning after a really great night out because the better the night was, the worse I look and feel in the morning. Its not fair 
hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/wxlxs
hates the rain. i wish i was in jersey right now 
Hates the sick feeling in my stomach 
Hates the waiting game! 
hates the way things are going.. 
I forgot my boxes of Kashi granola bars at home. Now I have no morning snack 
I forgot my charger at home 
I forgot my headphones 
I forgot my iPhone at home today and I feel so incomplete and detached from the world! Oh no I think i have an addiction to my phone! 
I forgot my iphone at home. I feel naked without it 
I forgot my IPOD in my pocket and my made put my coat in the wash machine YES I'M NOT LUCKY i miss my IPOD 
i forgot my ipod today &amp; i feel really lost without it 
i forgot my laptop cable  so i can't work tonight boo 
I forgot my lunch for work. 
I forgot my lunch on my kitchen counter 
i forgot my lunch. and my lunch money. poo. 
i forgot my lunchbox in the classroom 
I Forgot my magic cards 
I forgot my password for beatlesradio and it keeps giving me an error everytime I try to retrieve my password 
I forgot my password for twitter. 
I forgot my phone at home AGAIN. The second time since January. 
I forgot my phone at home! 
I forgot my stormcard 
I forgot my zune in my friends car  ahhhhhh
I forgot New Moon at home  I need to finish it ASAP!!! Haha. Everyones ahead of me. Oh well.
I forgot one of my tweet peeps..  NOOOOO! #FollowFriday @blackstarChez funny tweets!!!  x
i forgot Pride was today. i want to go. but not alone. 
I forgot Saosin was playing tonight. 
I forgot the camera battery today.  
I forgot the cream cheese to go with my hot cheetos 
I forgot the jam for my cake. 
I forgot the last time I was home  Now going home, finally. Yay!
I forgot the monies 
I forgot the Page 22 mag at home  but Felipe baby ... hm, will see  iPod with me ...  Good, good.  I thi.. http://tinyurl.com/odtwge
I forgot there is no #graze on a Monday morning and I am now very hungry sans breakfast 
I forgot there'd be no traffic today, so I've been at work since 8:30 
I forgot to booth      New socks make me happy  http://tinyurl.com/qjwg8n
I forgot to bring my notebook for hj!  - http://tweet.sg
I forgot to bring the movie... 
i forgot to buy apple juice. 
I forgot to charge my bb, zzzzz only 35% left 
I forgot to charge my phone last night. Looks like it will a dead phone in a couple of hours.  
I forgot to complain about Southwest not doing preboard for families any more.  Was the worst part of travelling 
I forgot to dvr the coco show tonite 
I forgot to eat breakfast  going to title31 training...
I forgot to eat lunch again. 
I forgot to eat today.  Brain, come out, come out, wherever you are!
i forgot to get my dad a fathers day present 
I forgot to grease the cake pan. 
I forgot to hug her and say goodbye. I feel horrible because I won't see her for a whole week 
I certainly don't want to get up 
I changed a tire.  Go me.  I really, really hate cars, driving, and everything associated with cars.  I want a decent bus system 
I changed my avatar, and it disappeared. Tried to change it back, but no luck. I feel empty and sad 
I changed my song for asl. Why didn't I is to long and hard 
I changed my twitter name, as discussed at Sat's cookout. It's a homage 2 @MarkDC @DCbigpappa @DistrictOfAris @DCDebbie... DCryan taken. 
I chatted with someone on the online Apple store and they said it would be better to buy a new one. I don't have $200 to waste   
I cheated and didn't go running this morning.  
I checked out of school today. I'm filled with sadness 
I chew on my pen when I'm nervous 
I chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said I suppoort single moms! Funny
I chilling. I want to watch Wall-e 
I chose a very bad day to leave my coat at home... Its hammersmithing it downe 
I chose one of the worst places to burn myself with a curling iron 
I chose the wrong one 
I chose to walk instead of get the bus....? It's a lot further than I thought. 
I chucked my boyfriend after he decided he wasn't coming round mine to see me because he wanted to get pissed with his budds.  x ohwell...
Hates the weather  @FijiLomalagi How's it there?
hates the weather! no tennis for today, boohoo  http://plurk.com/p/uax87
hates the weather!!! its suppose to be summer !!  i miss the sun
HATES the wind right now. Electricity is out  it better turn on like now...ugh!
hates the world right now 
hates there's no call.. there's no sms..  http://plurk.com/p/110zx7
hates these early mornings 
hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy 
Hates these problems at home 
HATES THIEVES!! Cant believ some f**k has stolen my family's motorbikes out the garage   if you want a bike get a job &amp; buy one!
hates this cold and don't like being sick.  http://plurk.com/p/yxjjl
hates this game, they play with his life  his truck got hit this mornin..ied..hes ok, but i worry so much
hates this hot weather! I wish it would go away!!! 
hates this kind of weather 
hates this kind of weather. It feels like its a nice summer day..but there is that calm wind and dark skies that promise otherwise 
Hates this silly low blood sugar thing - I feel like I'm just made of sugar, but am still weak 
hates this sober thing, makes me think to much about shit that i should forget about. not doing well 
Hates this sore throat. 
hates this toothache  (sick)
Hates this weather, i have bad hayfever 
hates to stay at home with parents 
hates tornado watch and warnings ! 
Hates traffic. Now I'm gunna miss some of the lakers game 
hates unpacking :T at least laundry is done but then i have to fold and put away which is the only thing WORSE than unpacking  #fb
hates waiting for emails! 
Hates waiting for the bus in the rain. 
Hates waking up cause this stupid back is in so much pain 
hates when a really good book ends 2 soon... 
Hates when her dryer doesn't start and she doesn't find out until midnight 
Hates when pple don't keep to their words or at least make an effort too!!!! Argggh...I need to scream..but my head hurts 
hates when ruth and eamonn present this morning 
Hates work today none of the people I like r here  http://myloc.me/43OA
hates work with a passion ! 
Hates working alone..its so boring.. got no one 2 talk to  ..  
hates working on sundays....shouldnt have went out the night before.... 
Hates working weekends  i want to be home with my family...
hates writing this paper, is PMSing, and is miserable. 
HATES... HATES..... HATES THAT SHIT! I MISS MY GH  DON'T LEAVE ME! LOL
Hatess Headaches 
hatez mornings &amp; being tired. sweet school!.................NOT. 
I forgot to log of AIM  lets hope alot of people don't try to AIM me while i am gone to eat!
I forgot to mark my 300th tweet. 
I forgot to mention that last night, I dreamt Oprah sent a photographer to kill Toiletface. And succeeded. I cried so hard in the dream. 
I forgot to put my lesson plans back up on the board today and state came. I got written up. 
I forgot to put my sd card back in my phone!  No music makes for a long morning!  
I forgot to record Jimmy Kimmel today because I was at work    so I probably missed the best television event ever.
I forgot to set my alarm and I slept through church 
I forgot to set the alarm on my phone 
I forgot to take a dailybooth picture yesterday 
I forgot to take my meds... tummy is hurting... 
I forgot to tape Monster Movie last night  That's the only one where I saw clips of, but not the whole episode.
I forgot to tie up one of my shoelaces, but I can't stop or I'll miss the bus :/ what do I do in this time of trouble? 
I forgot to watch America’s High: The case for and against pot on AC360 last night  I need to set my DVR to record the series.
I forgot to watch Conan's first Friday episode of the Tonight Show.  Friday shows are the best!! 
i forgot what i was going to tweet. 
I forgot what I was meant to do today - it's been productive, but don't think I did the list in my head... 
I forgot what it feels like to throw on some kicks! Unfortunatly the weather is what's forcing me to have to remember 
I forgot what it was like to be at work this late 
I forgot you can still smoke inside Las Vegas clubs...ugh. 
I fot got a fork 
I found 3 spiders in my bed today 
I found a band i like but its not on itunes damn 
I cleaned my room and it still looks the same 
I cleaned my room like crazy but u still sneeze all the timeee... ?
I cleaned the hell outta this place! worked up a sweat. yuck. 
I cleaned the whole guest bedroom and bathroom, lit yummy smelling candles, was totally ready for a nice girls night 
I clearly have some broken hardware.  I really need to stop having hardware. 
I cnt bel eive im saying this an ino i sudnt but i kinda love lois 
i cnt believe how much tweets ive done bout this guitar and i prob wont even be allowed 2 get it  ..my mum might if she feels sorri ...
I cnt go back to sleep 
I cnt send pics from my phone 
I come back home to find internet is down. 
I come back to work and find out one of my coworkers has accused me and to others of trying to flirt with a 13 year old bowler 
I come home and Jess loves me.  5 minutes later she hates me 
I come home and walk in on the saddest part of marley and me... 
I COME HOME N NOBODYS HERE BUT MY BUNNY B 
I come with more hassle than im worth.  im sorry
I completely forgot  what is urs like?
I completely forgot to say goodbye to my cousin/godfather and i feel so bad 
I concur @Built4dTough . WHY ARENT YOU AT THE LOFT?!?!? 
I confirmed it was gastric. After meal, all pain gone. I tot i have Transformer 1 dvd, nope, i dont have. 
I congratulated M&amp;D for making appt's for annual physicals, now they're making one for me...seems fate is not without a sense of irony 
I convince myself all the time I can cook bacon in a pan, and then I come close to burning down my apt and remember why I can't. 
I cough at nite again ... weird i've been well all day 
I could be 1 of shelden and the gang 
I could be at the TT show at the minute! gutted! 
Hatin that my lap top jus crashed.. 
hatin that my phone is off right now  goin to bed! nite!
Hating at the moment the hideous dark circles under my eyes. 
Hating being alone 
Hating chicagos humid weather, wanna be in Cali 
hating doctors right about now! 
hating doing what she is doing right now 
Hating GCSE geography 
hating goodbyes   love you class of '09!!
Hating Hayfever! 
hating herself for waiting last min. to finish this damn project. No sleep tonight! 
Hating how both the guys I like are also liked by two of my best friends  I'll never catch a break.
Hating how guys have to be so complicated 
Hating I missed the season premiere of True Blood 
Hating life at the moment...... boys are gay and stupid  stay away from them
Hating life hard right now. I'm locked out of my room 
hating life right meow 
hating living so far from my bf 
hating love. . .hearts i guess are ment to be broken in millions of little pieces 
Hating Mondays With A Passion 
Hating my computer at the moment 
hating my computer cause when i change my dumb dp it puts an X over it 
hating my saturday night and myself 
hating not even getting oops/logs on /dev//console 
hating on Gimp, ohhh yeah. that's RIGHT! i miss my photoshop 
hating on gymnastics lesson planning right now 
hating on junkies smashing plates in broadbeach parks  loving max brenner at marina mirage.
Hating public transportation right now  gonna b sooo late to class!!!
hating revision 
hating studying very much 
Hating that my ABC channel 2 is going out  couldn't watch the game--- Guess I'll be hitting up espn .com
hating the da vinci code, saying its sucky.
hating the day!! more jobs to do... huffff..... 
Hating the fact that so called &quot;Fans&quot; are constantly hating on Kevin  wake up people he is completely &amp; utterly gorgeous &amp; amazing - ♥ KJ!
Hating the feeling of bieng put on the backburner.. Think ima bout to call it a night so I can sleep off this feeling. I miss my bays 
Hating the heavy rain outside 
hating the lack of money and having to write up budgets a million times over. wish i had 10 grand 
hating this red spots on her skin! 
hating this stupid assignment. hating the fact that it must be done by friday...actually, hating that it has to be done at all 
hating this weekend.. i'm so unproductive. 
Hating two things today --Spam via email and spam via twitter when you click a link &amp; get something other than expected 
Hating workk   these are my coodinates. Come save me!!!!  N 26� 42' 0'' / W 80� 3' 0''
Hatred for everything right now 
I FOUND MY CAT! he's in bad shape 
I found my Crest Whitestrips but they're all liquidy and won't stay stuck to my teeth. What happened? 
I found my guitar its so sick now i have to wait three months to get it 
i found my phone!  AHHHHHH. YAY.  landice called  i missed it.
I found my voice..but no one was listening 
I found one way of avoiding bad dreams at night--don't go to sleep. 
I found out just how allergic to cats I am. Weird since I never was allergic until the last few years 
I found out that my Aunt Janet passed away. We'll miss her very much. 
I found out thro mama 
I found several python libraries for scripting the #nabaztag... AFTER we wrote ours of course! 
I found SMS notification feature was opened in NZ. But also I found 2 byte characters were completely disappeared. I'm disappointed 
I found the record label book! I want it &lt;333 its $22. I dont have $22 
I found yet another line dance I can't figure out  I'm so old!!!!
I freakin hate shambattle! I sit out whenever we play. OH, and, i'm gonna miss Maxwell Wren  he was a hella funny guy and just, great.
I freakin hate stacey..waking me up to go to haunted forest  so tired
i freakin miss my Baby Lina 
I freakin' miss school because of my STC freinds  Sama e no, STC lang. Haha!
I freaking closed the car door in my finger now that hurts!!! I broke my nail too 
i freaking hate cleaning! D: my hands feel disgusting from all the scrubbing and cleaning 
I freaking hate when there's no parking on my street! 
I could be playing ultimate. But instead I'm learning Spanish. 
i could cry. 
I could do with a @Schofe hug 
I could feel a tiny crater on my lower molar...it hurts when I chew 
i could get LVATT at midnight!! 
I could get to like this site...however no one i know uses it...so no one to twitter to   maybe will just twitter any way)
I could go for a nap right now....  *yawn 'n' stretch*  but I need to start getting ready. 
i could go for a nice hot fuck right now, but... my man is miles and miles ans miles away... 
I could go somewhere fun with my friend but I can't because I'm sick! 
i could have been a extra in michael seater's new movie 
i could have been racking up on call of duty kills 
I could have met Atom Egoyan at the Chloe test screening if I hadn't stupidly mentioned to the guy in front of the Royal I was in film. 
I could have the mumps! 
I could kick my ass for going to school i should have skipt school like all the others  now I'm sad because the sun is shining so bright
I could kiss the creator of Wiki's Fight Club page but isn't going to get this in on time 
I could not hold out, and now I have http://bit.ly/M7xO2  
I could not record because the program .... sorry friends love 
I could not sleep now I have huge circles under my eyes. 
I could pick up robots all day 
I could pretty much stab someone. My computer is no longer working. 
i could really do with some followers 
I could really go for an ice cream delivery right about now. I miss the ice cream truck at the Guyton house. 
I could really just lie here all day, if I didn't have to learn all my chemistry for tomorrow. 
i could really use a cake day today.   #cakeday
I could really use a new iPhone from #Squarespace . I recently dropped my iPhone3G and the screen cracked 
Hats off guys !! but I will be missing u   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0455275/  Don't know what I am gonna do with out u !!
Hatz94  Can u tweet your fans to vote? David wont self promote. The other top 3 guys are tweeting their fans to vote  http://bit.ly/VwV6H
Hauhahu. Studying from early morning surely doesnt make sense! Hesitate what'll i be able 2 do tomorrw 
hav 2 clean mii room     This may take a whileXD lol
hav 2 go 2 bed but soo much h/w needs 2 be done 
hav 2 go to ofce 
hav a fevr and cof boo hoo i feel bad 
hav a paper 2 do that i knw nothng about 
hav more than 20 meaquito bites AHHHH 
Hav the biggest  head ache right now 
hav to revise, veronicas been revising since 8, shes gonna stres me out now with her &quot;ive done this much&quot; blah evry day. 
have  a wonderful weekend everyone!! i'll send some tweets over the weekend but unfortunately i can't see any of your tweets  later all!
have @AshleyLTMSYF and @kennywormald broken up? 
Have 100 followers. W00t!           Probably all SEO spammers, though. Bah 
Have 2 study 4 my math test tomorrow 
have 20hrs to complete my term projects 
have 24hr tomorrow, f8ck 
have 250+ pics to load to flickr........and uploader doesn't want to play 
have 5 bow headbands for everyday of the week.  &amp;shopping just now- was super stressful. 
have a 7 year old dog and a 14 week old puppy fighting for affection can be annoying till one of them gets bit in the shnozal not good 
have a bad eye infection 
have a bad tummy 
have a big breakfast then do that thing called work 
have a big time crush on taylor swift but she wont notice me that makes me real sad.....  
have a bitch of a bad neck.....i have a feeling i wont be doing much today  work in half..catch you guys later *waves*
Have a bug bite on my neck. It hurts. 
Have a burst pipe outside our villa.  MC in a 3ft hole and KUA looking into it (no pun intended) 
i friggin hate it when [*******] does that!    
I fucked it up... I'm sure I failed...  Tomorow next exam... Kill me now...
I fucked up on the time  oh well one more chance
i fuckin hate online tech support.. they piss me off 
i fuckin' miss my baby 
i fucking despise kids who come to my store and spend three fucking dollars.  my ADS sucks now 
i fucking hate life  shitty blink ticket for me im gonna fuck everyone up in the lawn cause im poor DEAR ECONOMY, BLOW ME assfuck
i fucking hate my computer. it's all fucked up so now i can't listen to music  or do anything else much.
I fucking hate my nose 
I fucking hate my rents so much 
I fucking hate the devs of WoW 
I fucking hate this time of month 
I fucking hate you all, at least that's what they'll say. I don't want today at all. Or tomorrow. Or the next day. I'll cry 
I fucking hate you.I don't want to be the whore!I hate that you bought me into this. But I love you with all my heart.THIS IS FUCKED. 
i fucking love fairss!!! ahh soo much fun energized for a party 
I fucking love the new Jonas Brothers song  lol
i fucking miss @shanedawson's blogtv shows SO much 
I fucking miss justin. 
i fully understand how those ppl working in banquet feel.. 
I g2g got lots of house work to do  bye bye xx
i g2g to school soon ugh atleast only 2 more full daysof classes but o w8 then theres finals AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH help me 
I gained one follower overnight.  That puts me 15 away from 100 and 15 away from the goal for a contest by 9am 
i gained the weight 
I gained!  So much for having a DIET! Do I really understand that word? LOL
I gave to go get my Hair perm now..  brb
I gave up in updating about my msia klg trip. And I have got a large number of pictures to upload too. One word to describe, L-A-Z-Y. 
I gave up the movie instead im texting the friend who is mad at me because i like a guy she used..... to like 
i gave up. i'll complete it tomorrow. lack of sleep. 
I could swear i'm looking at Zach Galifinakis right now. I'm gona ask him how he manages to grow a full beard  #pubertyfail
i could tell its gonna be an angry day... 
I could totally go for an iced coffee if there were any ice in the building. 
I could use a cold one. Went 2 grandma's 4 lunch. She has 10 Corona's in the fridge. ?? Clearly I ain't livin right. 
I could use a good drunk right now though lol life can be so stressful sometimes.  When it rains it poors I guess, I also need a job!! 
i couldn't breathe at. all. last night. still can't totally breathe. 
I Couldn't Fall Asleep Last Night  Not Feeling Great Now..
I couldn't fall asleep last night. Now I'm gonna be up all day 
i couldnt find a ride so i had to walk OMG!!!!!!  p.s shes my baby
I couldn't find any solo Conway Savage on YouTube 
I couldn't find Automatic so had to order my fries from Beirut ... Won't even get to eat them before the movie  
I couldnt find louie a purple beanie or a orange wig 
I couldn't find my shoes this morning so I had to wear the ones I wore to the creek. they still have sand in them 
I couldnt find the Widespread version but this guy does great  ♫ http://blip.fm/~8eq95
i couldnt finish watching the mets game cuz i had to go home  please tweet me (someone!) who won..Marlins or Mets?
I couldn't fit #TwitterRemix in my last tweet 
I couldn't get into the internet yesterday, sorry for that friends 
I couldnt get my nose ring out guys  It took a lot of work and a whole lot of PAIN...but its out now!!! YAYYYYY lol
i couldnt get to sleep 
I couldn't go to see them in the Trastienda Club. McFly went to I don't know where and I'm very sad 
I couldn't help but dance on stage 2night....now I'm in some back pain  pray for this silly girl!
have a cold 
Have a family shoot of 17 this morning! Yay me! Ate too many bad things last night. Blood type diet beware. Boo. 
Have a feeling I'm not going to the gym when I get home. I'm exhausted! Another hour away from home 
Have a feeling my  new found insomina is back again tonight 
have a good show today! i cant make it  it sucks balls! but put lots of pics up!
Have a good start on a perfect Tan, now i have to spend 2 hours inside doing an exam. 
Have a good trip then,  im sorry not near a computer cant
HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERYONE/!!!!!!!!! Im not gon be on 4 a while 
I get _really_ sad when people are saying that they're going to the Peace &amp; Love festival and not me. D: BUHU, buu freaking uuuu. 
I get a bit sad when I've done a really good burp and nobody is around to hear it. 
I get asked &quot;why did you send me this?&quot; at least twice a day. no one understands me. 
I get depressed once other week. The government keeps taking my money. This week I looked at my paycheck early. 
I get extremely jealous when you assholes talk about going to Warped. 
I get fever on the day I pick to do most my work  ... the hammer seems 4 times heavier AHH
I get headaches far too often 
I get home to find out my mouse decided to stop working 
I get in and my cat has stolen my fave sofa spot. I need my fave sofa spot! 
I get miss everything this weekend  boo waaaa.... I guess that's what I get for being on the road too.
i get more headaches than anybody ive ever met. really. it sucks. 
I get my exams today  hope its not french og math
i get my writing mojo from potato chips. i swear eating potato chips works like a charm. i wish they didn't contain loads of calories. 
I get really excited when I see I have a new follower. Then I see it's not a real person, some Sex-ed thing or game twitter 
I get really sad when no one texts me.... I'm a textaholic  The curse of the blackberry
I get rly scared whenever i start to really really fall for someone 
i get sad when I see Filipino kids wanting to get an education but theres no enough classroom to sit on  Arroyo, wtf are u doing?
I get sick way too much these days 
I get sick when I arrive to work!! 
I get so lonely at night. 
I get sooooooo tired of nothing ever being good enough! 
I get the best video ideas late at night, when i am tired and i look like crap. 
I get the feeling @kris0614 is going to make me wait until I get home to tell me I'm denied vittles from BWW. 
I get the feeling my &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; DVD is not long for this world 
i get the needed inspiration for a song and now i've drawn a blank ... hmmm .. ♫ 
I get the people in my mind and my coworkers  I think krista time would solve all my problems
i get the stomachache 
I get to clean and take care of my kids this morning while my man sleeps in. Happy freaking Mother's Day. 
I get to go to Seattle! Joy, now i have to put up with family! No!!!!!  me sad. I don't know anyone in the area besides my family! 
I get to go to work  while my family relaxs at home 
Have a great show @priscillarenea wish I could be there but here in college  but one day for sure 
Have a great weekend everybody because I know me and @xadorkablemex3 won't 
have a hair trapped in the back of my mouth that I can't reach 
have a head ache 
Have a headache  Maybe watchin Friends will compensate? :L
have a headache and my room is on fire! not literally but.... just came on ol' twitter to see if @rustyrockets had graced us....but no 
Have a headache but still have just under 4 hours to go at work. 
have a headache!! 
have a headache, but that won't keep me from my twitter! so, tired of all the gossip, my heart breaks everytime his name and HER come up 
Have a kickass day people...idk if I will I hate Deerbrook mall 
Have a lazaaay sunday at homeeeey. Hoaaaahm. I miss him 
have a little accident 
Have a lot of things to do,but haven�t started yet 
Have a massive headache! 
have a meeting with HR today  ... will they give me the boot??? T__T *scared*
Have a migraine  …  not impressed with the weather, what happened??.. its cold!!!!!  nothing on TV, watching &quot;Deep Impact&quot;
have a migraine....taking a hot bath with the lights out.....one candle. sounds sexy, but isn't. im in pain. 
I couldn't help it. I bought the app.  http://yfrog.com/0zsmwj
i couldn't hide it any longer.  maybe that is the real reason why janto thinks i should stay away from their house.
i couldnt live without @ddlovato i am gonna miss her so much!!!! come back soon  i need my friendyyy!
i couldn't make a photobucket account  it wouldnt lemme have the SN that i wanted 
I couldn't sleep  o well @ least we r getting an SUV today 
i couldn't sleep last night cuz of #uva #cws and this morning i had to read all the tweets about it!  Great season boys, keep ur head up
I couldn't sleep last night. It was horrible. 
I couldn't sleep this morning  soooo its already been a long day!
I couldn't sleep well last night  @djcoalition please let me know when u go to the doc.
i couldn't sleep well this morning  i woke up feeling fussy and uncomfortable, and couldn't fall back asleep even though i'm still tired.
I couldn't slept properly again last night... Ahhhh,bad stuffs keep haunting me for the whoooole night! 
I couldn't tweet anymore 
I counted my coins but remembered i own my mom and sister money  byebye hour of hard work (counting coinns).
I crack my shit up. 
I crashed my car last night. Nothing serious and no one hurt, but I was shaken up and totally embarrassed. 
i crave miracle whip... alas, i sought and found naught. 
I craved for sakae NOW! 
I crayed alot watching Dukan Shehata 
i cried during robin hood last night  i feel so bad for guy! (&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3)
I cried on the last day of SCHOOL!!! It was so SAD!!!  *Tear, Tear!!!*
i cried while signing yearbooks...i cried while saying goodbye....now im gonna cry while seeing you go 
I cried. I've just seen A Walk To Remember. 
I cringe every time I hear a mom call their child a little bastard 
i crossed 13k tweets and no one congratulated me 
I cry a little bit everytime  I watch this. http://bit.ly/LDpiP  London I MISS YOU!!! 
I cry myself to sleep tonight...not feeling to optimistic. So not like me 
I current;y hate FriendBlastPro... it's being dumb... And making my life harder 
I currently being hit over the head with a bag of cookies by Danny  I thought he loved me 
i currently hate my computer. so slow!! gonna watch BOF again. urgh. LEE MIN HO is supposed to be mine! Now, i've got millions of rivals! 
I curse a lot on twitter im sorry but I need to stop tho 
Have a monster toothache  But still ate cake with my lil brother, for his birthday... such a chore lol.
have a mouth ulcer AND a sore back - what did I do to deserve this?! 
Have a Nature / chemist test tomorrow about plastic!  
have a nervous tummy about checkout today.  
Have a nice time Tweeting Pals... I am afraid my tweeting days are over - cant tweet from office anymore  Adieu!!
Have a ouchy head which is making me feel sicky 
Have a real craving to swing by Halfords and pick up a new rear wiper. But I&quot;ll lose my parking space 
have a really sore throat and i think i also have a fever  not good
have a serious case of sinus. 
have a serious earwig situation. eating my honeysuckle. 
have a sharp pain in my back....  looks like i'm not going to play softball. 
Have a slight headache 
Have a sore foot today  It involves my toenail, a couch and a pair of open toe mules, won't bore you with details.... but It's agony!
have a sore head  gonna lay up on the couch and watch a dvd...
Have a sore throat and a headache 
have a splitting headache today   #fb
Have a storm moving in- its very dark/ thunder &amp; lightening getting closer...may not get to stay in twitterland this moning 
Have a stupid virus on my other comp  on the brightside the sun is out and music is blaring x
Have a TERRIBLE headache.  Sad sad.
have a terribly sore throat this morning, wish I could hide under my duvet all day 
Have a test in Informatic tomorrow.. I don't understand anything 
have a tummy ache 
Have a tummyache  tryna go back to sleep
Have a two hour driving lesson in half an hour  http://tinyurl.com/kmjdq6
Have a VERY bad tummy  the pain! 
Have a very sore cheek from getting smacked in the face by the ball in rounders 
i cut my finger..and it hurts!  ouchhhhh!
I cut my finguhh  http://short.to/e8d6
i cut my foot it hurts like hell 
I CUT MY HAIR! it was cuter before my mom cut off some of it i asked her to even out the back and she cut my some of my bangs 
I cut my hand on my door....better not scar  all bloody..ew
I cut my index finger and it hurts when I type 
i cut my knuckles on a bloody ice cream container 
I cut my leg really bad and it hurts  I can't sleep in pants, so I guess that means I'm sleeping in my King Of The Hill boxers xD
i cut my own fringe last night and am really quite impressed. colin and me are spackers together though 
I cut my thumb 
I cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot. 
i cut myself shaving 
i cut part of my finger off at work..  
i cut the top of my mouth 
i damaged my knee last night playing football 
I dearly miss going to shows &amp; concerts 
I decided against selling my laptop,I love it too much haha,but the car...  may have to go ((((
I decided not to go to leiahs party because I wouldn't have known anyone there 
I decided to run around the corner and get me some breakfast, when I got there, I discovered my debit card is at home and so is the cash. 
I de-coned Juliet last night and now she doesn't come to me for ear-scratching anymore.    I'm keeping the cone, in case i get lonely.
i deeeeeeeeefinately have pink eye 
I deeply regret getting kicked off of what.cd  Just as I got into really obscure stuff, the kind that only what has.
have abit of a headchae  ugh cant wait to be at home !!!!
Have about 104 sums to do . So less tweeting 
have achieved a lot today now holby city then early night to go running at 5 
Have agreed to go to London for the day but it's raining and it's sunny here  rubbish! I wanted to wear my new hat lol
have all kinds of photo ideas and all my volunteer models are busy  
have alot of problems and hve no bbf to share with!!! 
have an appt. today... I don't like the doctors office 
Have an awfull headache right now 
Have aquired car keys. Want this car so much! I look so pretty behind the wheel 
Have arrived in okahoma city and the traffic suuucks 
have become a little disillusioned with twitter ... no one tweets me 
Have been a really bad teacher today   - (sadly as in a load of rubbish and not just naughty).
have been coughing non stop, feeling like my lungs are coming out ~ 
have been feeling real sick all day, testing all week  biology eoc tomorrow.
Have been feeling really ill all day  think it is due to too much time sitting in the sun yesterday- that'll teach me!
Have been fined twice already.Seems to be the way to get around here 
Have been forced to learn the k/board sh/cut for reloading a page in Safari because I do not get the new location for the reload button 
Have been home for a while + wasting time. I'm tired! I'm afraid to go back to bed, though, b/c I don't want a return of the nightmares. 
Have been in Summer mode this weekend. It's not really a good thing right now 
Have been on vaca but the weather wasn't cooperating 
I definatly think i broke my baby  toe, while moving all my furniture last night 
I definitely ate too much at lunch, feeling a bit queasy 
I definitely don't feel good. I have the ultimate headache which means that I'm going to turn into the ultimate b*tch! I hate headaches! 
I definitely feel like i may be catching a cold 
I definitely get the maximum number of colds a person can possibly get within one year! 
I definitely hate having to say good bye to friends 
I definitely landed on my face... I'm takin the L... Oh well  but  at the same time.
I definitely tried the cork trick... and how it was working in my head and with the pen caps last night... no longer is  hahahah I suck
I deleted my hotmail address list without knowing it'll delete my entire msn messenger friend list. What do i do now? 
I delted all the music off my iphone by mistake  taken me ages to get it all back, still missing loads too
I Deserve More Than That. 
I designed this at NIKEiD http://bit.ly/Y6CO5  ahhh..i can't buy em 
I desparately want a better paying job 
i desperately need a massage 
I desperately need a windfall. Budgets suck. I can't afford fun! 
i desperately need vacation 
I despise being sick! I was doing so well too! A whole year without anything. 
I despise doing user audits   I suppose everyone gets a tedious task every now and then.
I despise the smell in tire stores...yuck 
i detest them for having an awful, ugly fight in the morning; living in a mad house 
i did absolutely nothing today apart from watching telly and surfing on the internet :/ Still sad and lonely.  cant wait for tomorrow!!!!!
i DID argue with byron because he said im fat 
I did bad on my quiz. 
I did get a nasty surprise when I noticed the proper time  It's only 5 hours until I need to get up for work. .. http://tinyurl.com/m7k489
I did get some sleep. But now I'm starting a cold sore. 
I did have some fresh strawberries and had great ideas - until I saw the empty strawberry box in the kitchen earlier....  
I did it, sorta, I got videos on my Ipod but it's porn  what I want is music videos &amp; I cant find Any Place I can buy them, Urgh Is Needed
I did it. Its been so long and i gave in. I'm sorry.  i'm ashamed.  &lt;~ mc sexy  ~&gt;
I did like the fact that my friend Amanda Foreman had a line and a close up in the beginning of the film. Then we never saw her again. 
I did like tweets from my phone today and none of them hav registered  Bad times
I did many things but missed tweeting 
I did mess up  doh!
I did my hair in 10 and finished dressing/accesorizing in the car. And did my foundation powder crap. Its raining 
I did not delve into this topic yet, but I see problem where on OSX I project Fink does not use OSX Frameworks to compile Python modules. 
i did not do too well on my test. 
I did not find that stupid shirt. Grr 
I did not get enough sleep. 
I did not get much of anything done yesterday.  Going to the office at 9 a.m. today to work ALL DAY to finally knock the story out.
I did not get the job 
I did not get up in time for Gallery this morning.  have slept so mich in the past 2 days, guess I must have been really exhausted.
i did not go to school only to  wind up at a job where on of my tasks is to make friggin spreadsheets 
I did not have a successful day  It was cloudy and couldn't lay out 
I did not just get my Virgin freefest tickets because I don't give a fuck. Home today 
I did not plan to spend my Friday night sick. 
i did not recieve a call visit or ass kicking from urijah 
I did not sleep at all last night.    Funny Emily might be Grumpy Emily for awhile.
I did not sleep at all, stinken cough! Gotta rally for later today- universal studios! Wish I wasn't sick 
I did not sleep good @ ALL last night 
I did not win one game of Crazy Eights tonight.  
I DID NOT WRITE DEADLY LOYALTIES -another Jennifer Storm when you search for my book.  Sorry for anyone who bought it thinking it was me. 
I did really bad at my mmet, I feel like crap.  I need to take some meds and have a laugh. anyone have anything funny they wanna tell me?
I did something I'm not proud of last night 
I did something very shameful right now... I bought the new Jonas brother album 
I did that all wrong.  we'll just do a pic instead.  http://twitpic.com/6vdy2
I did the math, with the current technological development, we won't have hover cars in my life time 
I did this to myself 
I did, still no answer 
i didin't sleep last night. ican't sleep!!&gt;_&lt; i just think 'bout u!! can't stop!!! 
I didn`t go to mass today... or last week... or last last week I think :| Dear G, please don`t send me to hell 
I didn´t sleep last night very well and my team-mate bugs me and I´m a little bit sick...I want back in my bed 
i didnt 
I didn't bring my pokemon with me I forgot them at home 
I didn't buy anything  no one wanted to come with me so i stayed at home.
I didn't come this far, for this!!! UGH. C'mon Imma need a pep talk 
I didn't cook my macaroni noodles enough 
I didn't cum. How bout ya? @3minds @djpursue @miahump @kashmerenbt @msconfident? --So much for an orgy 
i didnt do anything worthwhile from morning  feel so bad... am stepping out, about time!!!
i didnt do this to us, you did, so act like its my fault!!! 
I didn't dream about Shia  but I did dream about someone elseeee !!! &lt;333
I didnt eat dinner. Im also upset cuz I was outbid in eBay auction 
I didn't eat since 11:30 am ... Yesterday! And I'm still not hungry. Damn flu. Or whatever it is that I have ... 
i didnt end up goin to the metro  lol guess i will just have to were my crappy shoes for college
I didnt even dance @ work I have been sitting this whole time YET I still get blamed for and things thrown @ me  for this storm 
I didn't even get a bagel today 
i didnt even get a full 24 hours out of it ..my boyfriend is being an ass and i have to wake up 4 hours  im so tired
i didnt even get a mother's day card...  
I didn't even get to eat the toast. It had plastic all over it. 
I didn't even take a long enough nap to warrent this up all night he**  gotta hit up the double brew when I get to the crack house.
I didn't even take a nap...Oh Boy, It's gonna be a long nite! 
I didn't even want KFC 
I did'nt fall off the horse, but I have an incredible back-pain  I cant't move guys...
I didn't finish my bowl of Raisin Bran. So many wasted raisins. 
I didn't finish my chinese homework  ill do it in the morning. Night.
i didnt get a hug today 
I didnt get a lot of restful sleep...AND I missd church. 
I didn't get any sleep I feel tired but super excited for Hawaii, &amp; I have a stomach ache 
I didn't get coffee before class  I was running late &amp; ppl on Baylor's campus can't drive!  I'm hungry...lol I sound like a fat kid
I didnt get good results, pity me  hmmmmmm
I didn't get my free coke glass 
I didn't get my morning phone call from my baby. My day doesn't feel right 
i didnt get my new ipod yet  might get it this wed
i didnt get my shirt  oh well....
I didn't get no message  and the link isn't working but I will figure it out
i didnt get paid this week  roll on tuesday 
I didn't get paid today after all... 
i didn't get sushi today  but just watched Ringwald take some down in the 1st movie I ever saw sushi in. love d the 80's
I didn't get the King Pacific Job... 
i didn't get to boogie tonight  well, except for that one mexican song!
i didnt get to c john mayer perform  all cuz of government! lame -__-
I didn't get to finish cutting grass...i think i broke my friends push mower (again)...I hope not...i have no luck with lawn mowers 
i didnt get to meet bradie tonight, he was to sooky to come 
I didn't get to say goodbye to Cody 
I didn't get to say happy birthday @ 1159am  happy birthday @ethicbarbie and @deeauty !!!!!
I didn't get to see it 
I didn't get to see Xmen today  but I will tomorow ;)
I didn't get to sit with Brandon riding to or from Arlington, when THOSE people got to sit together, and still are. 
I didn't get to spend quality time with my future ex husband and that makes me sooo sad. 
i didnt get to talk to him before bed tonight  i dont like this.
I didn't get to talk to him today -sits in corner- I moose you 
I didn't get to watch Conan.  I'll have to find it online tomorrow...
i didnt go to abbis dinner, i sleep all afternoon and wake up too late to go  But i did go to samanthas birthday lunch, was good though 
I didnt go to school today  but i have too tomorrow  but at least im going to paiges graduation 
I didn't go to school today  I'm tired and I hate doing qcs.. The most boring thing ever !!!!
I didn't go to school today .. I don't feel so well 
i didn't go to school, i was with stomach ache   and now i've to study more!  bye bye twitter, later i come back! 
I didn't had a dream about Edward 
I didn't have coffee or fresh fruit this morning because I wasn't able to go by the office this morning 
I didn't have enough time to get breakfast and i totally forgot to grab a yogurt 
I didn't know it was possible for your back to hurt this bad 
I DIDN'T KNOW NICK GRADUATED! CONGRATS NICK!  Im kind of sad though, I thought he was a sophomore like me... 
I didn't know that I'd have so much trouble with heat stress, that I'd turn out to be such a heat wimp w/o central AC; discouraging. 
I didn't know that Obama swatting at a fly was considered news?? That's really stupid. 
i didnt know that tennis was such a painful sport. i feel like im dying.  sombody shot me please!
i didn't know the effect of earl grey tea on me!!!!!  i couldn't sleep at all last night!!!!  one mozzie in my room didn't help either!!  
I didn't know there could be a dance floor dancing to the cheers theme 
I didn't like the ending. I saw it coming, but kept hoping it would take a turn. Not so. 
I didn't make it on the MUN Senior Trip.  But I think I can go to a leadership conference on the east coast now! Weekend, be over now.
I didn't make it to Rio yesterday. I got sick  I'm really sad, but life goes on, right?
I didn't make it to the gym today  I was sooooo tired! took a 2hr nap &amp; now am catching up on the housewk... laundry, dishes, bills oh my!
I didn't make the flight to miami 
i didn't make the team  i think it's ok though because i love dance no matter where I'm doing it. Anyway..lifes pretty uneventful
I didn't manage to finish my meepok  But i'm alr very bloated! 
I didnt mean to make you worry my My Queen Muneca ....but i was truly sick when i got off the Plane 
i didnt napped today 
i didnt post my new song today  i will try and post tomorrow!
i didn't quite realized that there's only one month left till we go back to school again  it's all too fast
i didnt read cuz i felt to yucky so i had a yogut and that just made made me feel more yucky..damn teeth  and now i dont know what to eat
I didn't read the articles...I wrote my paper instead  *cram*
I didn't realise how much I rely on my computer until my graphics card died today... 
I didn't realize how much I needed my glasses until I broke them this weekend  I'm praying for a quick fix.
I didn't realize it but I scraped my foot pretty bad at the pool. Its bleeding pretty bad  grumble #fail
I didn't realize that weekends went by so quickly...why do weeks go by so slowly. will miss my lexington! 
I didn't realize you can still get splinters past the age of 9.  This hurrrts 
I didn't rly speak to alisa yesterday 
I didn't run today  Tomorrow is gonna be a hard run day.
i didnt see any jonas posters  BOOO I SUCK!
i didn't see Cam 
I didn't see that many cherry blossoms this year 
I didn't sleep at all and I feel like shit. 
I didn't sleep at all last night. Stuffy and barely have a voice. 
I didn't sleep last night  I hate it when that happens!  Am I talking to a wall? hahaha!
I didn't sleep that well last night, it was too hot in my room  Oh well....
i didnt sleep well last night  so im pretty tierd right now! hope i get some sleep on the bus ! im hungry too.. but idk what to eat..
i didnt study anything today 
I didn't talk to @cheesewings last night. I'm sad.  
I didn't talk to @tackyannie at all yesterday! Feels like an incomplete day. 
i didn't think about the fact that i'd have to wait till MONDAY NIGHT to watch the Far dvd after loaning my copy to Danielle immediately. 
I didn't tweet as much as usual today 
i didn't tweet for a while because i was sick   BUT NOW I'M BACK.....
i didnt use to care 2 much about cal until i realized how hard it is to burn em off  
i didnt wake up early enuff for my work out  stupid me...now im gonna be at wrk alll day no workout no energy  saddness.
I didn't wake up happy this morning 
I didn't wake up in time to run this morning and I forgot my swim gear to swim at lunch. great way to start my day. now i'm stuck at work 
I didn't wake you up because you needed to sleep.   @Nii_x_ckk is going to work.  It's muggy outside. Really bad.
I didn't want Penguins to vs Detroit in the first place... and now my team is losing 
I didn't want to leave SF  http://twitpic.com/6ql0q
I didn't watch a film yesterday!!!  WTF... Too distracted by Street Sharks and CardKaptors :L
I didn't watch MTV MA  sucks..
I didnt wear a hat today.......I feel naked  I dont kno why i did this to myself haha
I didnt win 
I didn't win 
I didn't win Bingo  so close tho!
I didn't win Demi's contest  That contest was my only chance to meet Demi  I can't do anything now  I never can meet her (
I didn't win the free Bomberman Ultra game! 
I didn't win tickets to see Dane Cook in GA, Sorry Liz... 
i didnt win what a bummer 
I didn't write new songs but i singed  yaaay! My mouth is hurts inside and i can't sing anymore  I think i've to go again to the dentist
i didn't write that james did 
I died in my dream, I thought that wasn't supposed to happen. Then, I was a ghost and only a few people could see me.. it was so scary 
I dint get permission to sleep..  Gotta wait longer to get some rest
I dint sleep  I'll probably drop dead in a few hours
I discover new wounds on my body everyday...sigh; it never seizes to amaze me... 
I discovered something that all my Arab friends don't like reading 
i discovered that i don't know walk by my house in the dark. 
I dislike coke, but there's no pepsi 
I dislike driving school. Also i have like no plans today anymore 
I dislike dumb programmers with big egos. I met their leader today 
I dislike essays, and I'm sick of analysing HIV prevention campaigns now. Stop the world, I want to get off 
i dislike finding out all my friends can't stand me, i had a hunch, but i've done nothing wrong 
I dislike hospitals 
i dislike math, but math HATES me 
I dislike missing magic like this !!  @trevorrotzien: Great meeting and discussing non-profits with @dakini_3 at #SMCSea yesterday.
I dislike that a lot of online stores don't stock the actual CKY movies anymore. 
I dislike the fact it's so sunny outside and I have to stay inside to revise. 
i dislike the weatherman. he sucks 
I dislike waking up thinking its time to wake up  I thought it was 6...ok back 2 bed.
I disliked " Brokeback Mountain ".
I dk what I did last night but my back fkn kills ! Ahh !!!! 
i dnt feel to good! 
I DNT FUCKIN GET THE MATHS HOMEWORK  SOMEONE HELP ME!
i dnt know wat twiter is i just wana find taylor swift and chris brown 
I dnt know what's got into me, i need motivation to studyyyyyyyy.  Help somebody ?
i dnt lik my face in this picture i look weird! 
I dnt really know why, but I feel real restless! 
I dnt understand y other ppl in train has 2 read wt m typin on sms...do I need 2 carry a board 'none of ur Biz' peepeye? 
I dnt wana work wen its sooooo pretty outside  .. Hope this gorg weather lasts 
Have been reading up on gallstone flush and not looking forward to it.  I may yet chicken out.
Have been sleeping in installments today...  #fb
Have been sleeping most of the day, have a bad cold and it draining me, so tired 
have been stuck indoors all day cause of the rain  am soooo bored. Watching Pokémon too now I wants a Lumineon 
Have been thinking of a way to stop software pirating. I found a way. Then i thought naaah, someone must have thought of it before me. 
Have been trying for an hour to get the new MySpace player, but nothing seems to work. It's probably only available in U..S.. 
Have been watching a Spotted Flycatcher in my parents garden for over an hour now. Too dull to Take photos 
Have been watching Anderson the whole day.. I need a break 
have been woken up by the rain 
have been writing hard - but so far only have 4 story openings, none of which deserve to be made any longer 
Have cleaned the whore-germs off of me. I think. Still wanna be sick a lil  Sad Panda
Have cold, not happy 
Have come to the unfortunate conclusion that the new Tori album is crap. Sad panda. 
Have cycled all over Aylesbury this morning so refueling with crumpets. Evie watching Barbie Thumberlina 
Have decided that being sick is punishment for blowing off so many English Lit lectures last semester. UCT's mighty wrath strikes again 
Have discovered my month-old 85mm f/1.8 has back focusing issue. Guess it's off to the Canon repair center 
have dishpan hands 
have done a stupid amount of housework, now need  a good coffee, although I am a little upset I have nothing lovely to go with it 
have dream   !!!
Have emerged from my dungeon to find it's unexpectedly raining 
have enjoyed some time to myself yesterday &amp; today, but am now really missing my hubby  wish he was going to be here to watch a movie w/me
I get up at 5:30 even though today I have no office. 
I getting a new phone!!! But I hate the one Im getting 
I give i cant make anyone happy with out hurting them 
I give so much and neva receive...i gets no love these days 
I give up  @squarespace
I give up  cya
i give up  stupid twitter... meh
I give up i'm so sick of my job. Will this vicious cycle never end? Work pay bills work... i'm always broke 
I give up on looking 
I give up on that &quot;Which New Kid would be your perfect lover&quot; quiz! Hmph 
i give up on them ! 
I give up on this picture business ya'll...Twitter is irking my nerves.  @fourocious I tried resaving from FB, no luck 
I give up you clearly don't like me 
I GIVE UP! GAAAAAAAH! I'm NOT touching the mobile net on my phone for a while. SHIT HEADS! unlimited FB or not 
I give up!!!!  SADFACE!!!!!
I give up, no way am i going to remember all the dates, no matter how hard i study 
i give up. i'll never get a wave from my man. not a hello. not a thanks for worshiping me....nada.  i'm coming to terms with this.
i give up. my brain just does not want to know this shit. 
I give up.... chinese it is 
I give up....Penguins did not bring their A game there is no chance of a come back in game 5 
i go back to that dreadful place called work tommorrow 
I go on wishing you where here but your out there breakin up with me kissin another girl ear. What u wanted i wouldn't give . GOOD-BYE 
I go sleeping now !! I believe I become ill  fuucckk..
i go to bed tired, i wake up tired ... 
i go to germany in 2 hours 
I go to the concert of McFly, but my mom didn't leave! 
I dnt wanna love him...but i dnt kno how to get my heart back  &lt;SO SICK&gt;
i dnt wnt 2 go 2 skl my  tummy hurts..   p.s add me on piczo = http://steph15fly.piczo.com
I do believe I'm too tired to twitter 
I do everything for be there in the stage 
I do feel sorry for David because the media is going to be relentless over it.   #gokeyisadouche
I do have a bedazzler  @ScoopEmUp
i do know what i have to do, i just dont want to 
I do laundry once in the last 6 weeks &amp; the washing machine just flooded the laundry - argghhh - so much for Mr fix it today 
I do love Bodrum, although not so many people are here .. lack of tourists right now  Sad .. Getting ready for Antalya and Sydney .. yeay
I do miss my love ever so much 
I do miss you. Leaving tomorrow  boo. But the mother fucking laker game tonight! What son!? KOBE TIME! Going to get ice cream with jamey.
I do not do well with horror films 
I do not feel comfortable with this 
I do not feel good whatsoever 
i do not feel like cooking AT ALL... &amp; it's my turn  i'm thinking we should order pizza!
I do not feel up for work today haha. Soo soooo tired 
I do not feel very well 
I do NOT feel well  semi feel like i'm having anxiety attacks, but im not. IDK helpppppppppppppp
I do not get a long weekend  Working both today and Monday.
I do not know where the water came from or what the water is made of, but I do however know, regardless the fire is most certainly dead. 
i do not like britney's rock me in 
I do not like mornings when i'm tired 
I DO NOT LIKE MY COMPUTER ANY MORE 
I do not like my new vlog!!!  There are too many stupid technical difficulties. Stupid Windows Movie Maker....
I do NOT like scary lightning storms 
I do not like sedo parked domains  but I want one of them..
I do not like the NICU. 
I do not like the stretching process, my ears hurt like a bitch 
I do not like waking up at 8:30 on my days off. 
I do not understand how Twitter works. 
I DO NOT wanna go to church...  ughh
I do not want have eighteeeeeen! I feel soooo bad bad bad! 
I do not want my man to go to Cali.  Having a good job is such a double edged sword.
i do not want to babysit 
I do not want to be inside  - http://bnup2.com/p/575051
I do NOT want to call tmobile again....   someone help me
I do not want to get up at 5:30am for stupid work tomorrow 
I' going to work now 
I gonna miss thee staff, cast, EVERYONE. 
i gonna watch ''bones'' instead..i watched all my''the game recordins  AfricanBarbie
i got  arrested and my life is going downhill 
I got 3 extra followers overnight but their accounts have been suspended 
I got 400 points from biting all those people!...Dang it.I'm out of energy 
I got 45 Hunter tonight! I got to 42 Constuction, but my bank wont allow much more  My gold pieces text went from white to yellow... ;__;
I got 77 in qiyas, it's the worst  my highest is 84
I got 8 blisters in total from Wednesday's 2-hr escapade 
I got a 77 on my second calculus test 
I got a bad sunburn today, and I live in Norway, where its very cold  I really got to start tanning more often to get used to this sun :o
I got a big bruise on my arm and do not know how I got it 
I got a bike!! I love it! Went riding in the funeral home near and saw a dead body  Almost crashed into Pat when I was talking to someone
i got a blister on my hand from sweeping too hard ouchy AND I STUBBED MY TOE and its bleeding 
i got a bruise on my foot out if nowhere!  it hurts!
i got a c in my psychology test 
I got a case of the Mondays 
I got a chance to Lenga last night, but no Gully Creepa 
I got a cold  this blows
i got a cold and i don't have yet JB's new cd  that's sooo sad 
I do not want to go to the orthodontist  I want to instead eat lotsa carmel and sweets. Dang
i do not want to go to work today 
I do not want to go to work today�!  http://tumblr.com/xsn1wm6ym
i do not want to go to work tomorrow 
I do not want to hear about airplanes disappearing over the ocean! 
I do not want to take exams this week 
I do not want to work today. Or tomorrow. I better have fucking Tuesday off 
I do nothing on friday nights 
I do nottttttt like mornings  -going to work
I DO STILL LOVE U AND UR HUG! 
I don kno if imm goin to that party no more 
I don likey swiney  lolz hahaha WHERE IS EVERYONE?!?!
i don 't hav e alot of friend both here and in real life so... i don't think  i will have followers. it's ok and deal with it baby 
I don,t want to watch that Whitney Houston clip because is gonna make cry ......  
I don;'t get why like, no one follows me  why can't lily allen or one of those peeps follow me!
I don´t feel so good today! 
I don´t know that I do, cause never stay with you 
I don´t know what to doing  I am confused 
I don´t like the rain :S____m baja todo el romanticismo  #BSB #AC ツ
i don´t understand my girlfriend...she´s driving me crazy.... 
I done missed Wezzy on my B-day...if this aint some shit!!!  , so you couldn't have put him on the flyer though?
I don't actually understand how this works 
I don't Appreciate this Headache...At All 
I dont believe in love any more i mean first nick and jessica and now katie and peter! 
I dont believe in my eyes or should I say on my browser? OMG OMG OMG 
i don't believe in wars...  but htey're beyond my control...i'm not god
I dont believe my Tweet Deck has been updating 
I don't believe this. Cinemas have already stopped showing Star Trek. And not a chance to see it in English for miles around 
I dont care about the death of a hired man or robert frost 
i got a cold! aargh! 
I got a cold,and everybody's at the beach   I just want a Starbucks.
I got a cut in my mouth in the back. I can't even eat.  b
I got a D.... no my father is gone be on my imaginary dick. 
i got A for my maths test  yaaay! but my final mark for maths is probably going  to be B 
I got a G button but the votes aint counting 
I got a haircut. I hate it, it's to short 
i got a headache 
i got a headache and weather is so hot, what a bad day 
I got a hold of Kelsey and we went to Oceanwalk and saw the Da Vinci Code, which kinda sucked, then went and got really, REALLY bad food at Johnny Rockets.
I got a long day of homework ahead of me, need some sleep. Relaxation over 
I got a lot of stuff done this afternoon! Still need to go to Wal-mart tho.  
I got a new bathing suit, but lets hope i live to wear it ;) I'd rather be in cheer than have any of this. 
I got a new chapter for the book Thurs. I spotted probs in it on Fri. Awaiting replacement. Yet another weekend of work, still no payment 
i got a new phone today! env touch. it's weirddddd. i sorta feel sorry for my old phone. like a LOT.  hahaaa.
have exam tomorrow 
Have flu-like symptoms... 
have found so many harry potter' stars on this twitter! love you twiiter! hope rupert has it too 
Have fun on the cellcast 2night. Wish I could join you. 
have got a basketful of new followers that I cannot add ... in Twitter Jail  what to do?
Have got my computer to do &quot;homework&quot; on ;) I love you computer! School feels odd without my phone though 
Have got training all day today. Gutted I am not going to be able to listen to music and Twitter 
Have had 3 strange followers in a row - all blocked! Beware @CorinaO1980, @LindsayM1977 and @Taylor1976 last one suspended by Twitter. 
Have had a day full of the most dreadful customer service - I can't believe how rude and downright unpleasant people have been today 
Have had a long and somewhat terrible day. 
Have had a migraine most of the day. What a way to waste the weekend 
Have had a really nice time here on the beach. Shame I got stung by a jellyfish whislt swimming 
Have had an allergic reaction to something random red pimples poppin up everywhere FuckMyLife   !!
have had my dinner, read the papers. n now readin alil on my business class training notes.. 
Have had no mobile reception for 2 days. Think T Mobile have arsed something up. Being told ppl have txted of but getting nowt 
I dont care anymore. It wasnt my fault. He should have kept his mouth shut 
I don't care how much you love band, this is way too early. and there's no @katrina_ 
i don't care how tough you are, watch the end of the titanic and tell me you won't cry 
I don't care what anyone says.... c%nt is and always will be an very bad word 
I don't care what my papa says, I'm letting Goldie in tonight &amp; she's sleeping on my bed! I get too lonely @ night in this house 
i dont care what they say, im in love with u .. 
I don't do this, but I'm coming up on an ex boyfriends birthday that he won't get to celebrate this year, still a hard pill to swallow. 
I don't even get a full 30 min break today 
I don't even get myself right now.so confused  so sad
I don't even have anything in my fridge to make lunch.  Need to go and buy some food.
i dont even know anymore 
I don't even know anymore 
I don't even know anymore  FML
i dont even know my mom anymore.  poor dad... 
i don't even know what happen with twitterberry,but i'm trying to use ubertwitter.  http://myloc.me/5dkn
I don't even know what I like anymore. 
i don't even know what it's doing anymore 
i don't even know what's going on here.  I'm tired, and cold  http://tinyurl.com/ocyjtn
I don't even know whats wrong and its eating me up. Fucking shit. 
I don't even know who I iam anymore  ..
I don't even know why I am tweeting at this time! No one is even up! 
I don't even know why my eyes are open right now. I was having a very strange dream and then I heard my poor sick nephew crying 
I don't even own a Tomtom 
i don't even play SF4 and i can't stop listening to the theme song. 
I don't even want to go through tomorrow.i am going to miss him soo much.  
i don't even want to go to stag any more 
I don't even want to look at him....tryin to restrain myself from crying...I c him eveywhere...magnetic much?  
I don't even want to say it- I sound like a broken record. I have a headache 
I don't fee so good 
i dont feeeeeeeeeeeeel good. 
have had the shittiest of nights in work.. made worse by the males in our household bein dicks! i'm going to sleep until work time again! 
Have have minor surgery tomorrow, can't sleep and nothing to eat or drink in 30 minuets  
Have hayfever from Hell &amp; the tablets arent workin 
have heart burn like crazy and i dont wanna work in the morning at 7AM!! 
Have Heart is breaking up. Second sadest day next to Verse breaking up 
have hit a huge wall in the whole weight loss thing..  
have hit doubletime rates... is raining though so can't do washing 
Have hit the wall with my Derby County game on Football Manager. Several players aren't playing for me 
have horrible migraine so feeling very sorry for myself 
have HUGE blisters on both my feet 
Have huge bump on head &amp; headache  Forgot ceiling sloped in bedroom &amp; nearly knocked myself out last night &amp; ended up on floor. Not good.
have hurt my lower back and am now house bound  However visiting the doctor tomorrow for help!!!!
have hurt thumb...not typing v well...  can't do anything much... even wash up or cook - i think will have to spend some time reading
Have I just heard right? Have the BNP got a seat in Yorkshire and humberside? I'm fucking disgusted. And I've lived there 
have i just made someone grumpy?  
Have I mentioned that I hate jimmy Buffett's margaritaville? Annoying Ragbrai staple. Playing at the top of both passes this week. 
Have I mentioned this bus was sloooow? on it for about one hour now 
have i missed much on twitter over the past like 3 days?! i feel i've neglected twitter  i'm so sorry :]
Have i told u i hate mondays? Another day. Another boring class lecture 
have just been informed that my wife dreamt last night she was proposed to by @schofe via twitter. Sodding accepted too 
have just booked tickets for trip to Paris in September. Wish Holly was coming though 
Have just collapsed on the flr after doing the 2nd day of the wii sport active 30 day challenge! My legs are killing me 
I got a new top and im in love with it! And 9O21O monday, can't wait it's the day i got back to school  Tablecoth lady first thing  &lt;3
i got a pair of jeans at the shops today then printed out loads of CV to start the job hunt tomorow. 
i got a replacement phone and now all my text messages and call history are gone.  I am sad.
i got a sore thumb 
i got a stomachache ...  
I got a sunburn   but its okay cause it will turn into a tan : P
I got a sunburn...again  
i got a sunburnt yesterday. ouchie 
I got a tank tan again 
I got a tat paid a grip...now im broke! 
i got a tetanus shot today. it will also help protect against whooping cough. surprise shots are always FUN 
I got a text from this guy who I don't like, and who has the same name as the guy I do! How disapointing! 
I got a whole 2 hours of sleep last night! Great! I can tell its going to be a terrible day already   http://myloc.me/2rok
I got ª pot of 4get me nots 4 ª few ppl I want to 4get me not. Yea ur one of em. But idk if ull get em.  Least b4 they die 
I got all excited thinking I saw an alien...it was my sister 
i got all my hair cut off, it's almost above my ears 
I GOT ALL THAT STUFF I NEEDED!!!!! EXCEPT THE RED HEADBAND!!! 
i got all the numbers wrong, HOW COULD I!?!?!?!? someone please teaches me please please! numbers = an unknown language 
I got almost all the way to work when I realized that I forgot my milk bottles.  
I got an eating disorder profile following me now? I guess I need to admit I have a problem. I am addicted to pastries. 
i got an EMA letter today. basically it said, &quot;Your application is currently being assessed.&quot; USEFUL INFO THERE! What a waste of trees... 
have just discovered that my almost brand new tart pan was left at the old house. this probs means someone else has already claimed it 
Have just raced and been very ill 
have just recreated mod.rewrite in CF for IIS ... I miss Apache 
Have just run out of things to jet-wash 
Have let wife have the laptop; she's found it has games  No more more tweeting during the match sadly
have lost location of the purple pencil that i desperately need.. 
have lost my (nearly full) Red Roaster loyalty card on which I'd saved all my free coffees  very sad now #redroaster #brighton
Have lost Sky Remote!!! Nooooooooooo! Have checked under sofa, in fridge and dishwasher.. Molly is happy am stuck on playhouse Disney 
Have manouvered upstairs to my bedroom now, as my dad is watching the footie 
have many things to do  but I din't  feel like working on.....
have math exam tomorrow. boo hoo. i am NOT looking forward to it  goodnight twitterville. x
Have missed 2 full days of twittering b/c I can't get the app on my iphone to work.    need to look into that.
Have mothers phone bcuz I do not hve mine  love being a teenager.... NOT!  I'm currently planning my first Cali, national park vaca!
Have my third migraine in as many weekends. So fed up now  
Have no clue what to wear tonight. Going out in a hour and have nothing to wear and not done my hair or my makeup 
i don't feeel good 
I don't feel good   getting ready for work, nails, and then work at 4:30!  What an exciting life I lead....
i don't feel good  wishing i could take a nap but have too much to do
I don't feel good and just want to go to sleep and can't fall asleep 
i dont feel good at all 
I don't feel good at all 
I dont feel good AT ALL. fuckkk 
I don't feel good at all..but decided to go take the puppy for a walkk..then cleaning time. 
i don't feel good i have flu 
I don't feel good today.  I don't want to be here.  I don't want to be doing this.  Do. Not. WANT!  
I don't feel good!! 
I dont feel good, at all 
i dont feel good. i think im getting sick. 
I don't feel good. I wanna go to sleep but i can't 
I don't feel good. I'm probably getting sick. Great. 
i dont feel gooddddd 
I don't feel gooood 
I dont feel happy today 
i dont feel like cooking but if not my salmon is gonna go bad 
i dont feel like cooking but my tummy is growling cry 
I don't feel like doing any work 
I don't feel like doing my work. 
I don't feel like eating anything. 
I don't feel like facing the world today!  just the vet for me, thank you. I just want to stay home &amp; read. In bed. With my cat. Save me!
I don't feel like getting ready for work  or even going there...
I don't feel like going for tomorrow's F&amp;N lesson, i haven finish doing her work! 
I don't feel like going for training.I know i'm gonna be really lousy.   Haven't played in 2 weeks. :'(
I don't feel like going outside.....its too damn hot..I can't wait til winter.... 
I don't feel like going to work..  My feet still hurt..
i dont feel like going tuition!  - http://tweet.sg
i don't feel like it today cause the weather is bad 
I don't feel like leaving my house. I want to sit in my room, clean, listen to music and read!!!! Plus, the sky is gray...no sun today 
I don't feel like revising!  I want to go out! It looks well nice! Hope it's hot! Get a kickabout on the go!
I don't feel like revision. 
I don't feel like studying the next subject. It's the definition of boring. And it goes so slow. I'm sure I won't finish it today 
I dont feel my best today i hope i will tonite 
i dont feel so good  i miss my mates too..
I don't feel so good after falling down a flight of stairs. My back, head, left arm and right leg really hurt. 
I don't feel so good and I got sunburned when the sun was barely even out today 
i got an F on a projected 
I got an iPhone but it won't send texts 
I got an open container violation   fuck this city!
I got another rejection  I guess it is time to submit again.
I got attackd in college today 
i got back form school! GP! is a bigg High School! scared to go there next year! 
I got bacon at the store, but could not find baconnaise. 
I got berry juice on my bag!! 
I GOT BOP! omg yeah. memoriiieessss. why cant they sell it in ireland? 
I got braces on the bottom row of my teeth. It'll help me later in life... I hope. 
I got burned  now I'm all alone
I Got Burnt 
I got caught in the rain on the way home, I ran but still got very wet, I'm not sure if running helped as I was running into more rain 
I got cut from a broken drum stick that I tried to get  In other news This Providence is up soon and I'm pumped for that
I got cutted at work  But I'm all good, I'm sick of being heartbroken so fuck it all, I only want GOOD people in my life.
I got dental treatment today...  So pain!!
i got disconnected in the middle of the game  ..
I got elected as class president.. Doesn't that suck!?!?!? 
i got ENGLISH REMEDIAL. i just can't believe it 
I got excited cause I though back to the future was on...turns out it was BLACK to the future...fail 
i got excited that britney spears was following me on here. then realised i was among 300,000+ others  not feeling so special anymore.
I got excited when I saw that my iPhone showed five voicemails and 23 unread emails, but then I noticed that it was actually 33 emails. 
i got excited! 
I got farted on this morning 
i got fired 
I got fired today 
I got fired yesterday  but luckily I already had another job offer
Have no energy 
have no friends, no money but a amazig sunshine 
Have no iPhone 3G S in 16GB, only 32GB. Got to wait for the delivery sometime next week. 
Have no laptop, no moe twitter for me 
have no motivation to study all the day 
Have no time to create new post in my blog... 
Have no working Kettle  Not had Tea in 2 days... I CAN'T STAND IT ANYMORE!!!
Have not been very creative lately in the lab or the rehearsal room 
have not figured everything has turned upside down 
Have not had an All Friends tweet for 50 minutes? Where have all my tweeters gone   ???
Have not packed for my trip. to Boulder. Leaving this afternoon. Cutting it close... I hate packing  
Have not slept a wink tonight 
have NOTHING to do it raining outside 
have now managed to screw my left leg (calf strain), not having much luck with injuries 
Have now woken up tired the last three days in a row 
have officially started my house hunt. saw my first place today... would still rather have a downtown condo though 
Have one extremely crabby baby right now. 
have only 4 more Battlestar episodes to watch..then that's it! 
have only had 1 hour sleep but am really jumpy but cold 
Have only just heard about the Air France disaster! All 228 people suspected dead as its believe 2 have crashed into the Atlantic! 
Have over 10 more pages to build of our magazine supposed to be online tomorrow! 
Have people photos of our place today. Gues it's really being sold 
have problems with apache... 
have purchased maternity leggings -  now look like a Viz fat slag  
have reallyyy bad headache 
Have reconciled with the fact of not being able to take a vacation this summer 
have rediscovered a few muscles. First bike ride of the year! Only managed ten miles 
have release on Tuesday.... got urgent code check task.... running tests 
Have research report due at five  in the library trying to get it finished
Have resigned myself to the fact that there is just no formula in Excel for what I want to do with my text. Will have to do it manually 
Have seen too many dead alligators along I75 between Naples &amp; Port Charlotte 
Have Sims installed (finally). Hate to say it, but I think I will have to try it out later. The Advil is not working for me anymore 
I got flu!!!!!!         and my sistem too.   
I got flu... Again... 
I got gipped by my Nike+ today. I ran 3.5k. It logged me for 1k.  I wish there was a way to correct it. #apple #fail
I got grounded, woohoo. Could life get any better...Let's find out. 
i got growing pains in my legs which means i am getting taller  but i am losing my huggable size though 
I got Halcium and went chicken on the dentist so nothing was done  sorry guyss
I got halfway through making my own smoothie to find that there were only 2 ice cubes in the ice cube tray 
i got heat rash on both feet and am now incapable of walking... damn this weather... (probably the only person in englang thinking that)  
I got hella shit to do! its got be a long ass day! plus i can't....  I'm hella mad
i got him back, but i think he's different 
I got hit in the nose really hard when my bobble snapped 
i got home from work early cause i have a bad tummy ache  i hate this. i can't even enjoy the sun properly
i got hurt helping my grandad cut the hedge.  &amp; i swear i have spiders all over me D: erugh xx
I got in a fight with him... 
I got in from my paperround abolutely drenched  NOt looking forward to walking to school
I got in the truck to come to the store and the steering wheel felt gigantic &amp; still does. 
I got Internet back! I was actually dying without it 
i got internet back!!! oh man... i am on it way too much 
I got into a fight with the pavement. I think it won  poor little knee
I got it. He was choking on a piece of string with a bead on it. oops  I think I left that on the ground
I got kick in the balls by a 5 year old 
I got kicked out da Hotel last night.... never been so fuckin shame before.... 
i got kicked out of the room that has the DirecTV box.  watching a livestream of it instead. &gt;:[
i got lemon juice on my eye 
I got like ten.... Love the fro.... Comments, yeah if they only knew that next week its gone  lol now going to sit at a restaurant for ...
I got loads of stuff to do. &amp; it's raining real hard, it makes me really sleepy 
I got lots of bonds for my Bar Mitzvah...why no Kennedy Bonds? 
I got 'M' and 'W' mixed up...  that's not fair!
Have so decided I'm the worlds worst mum 
Have so much more to do but need sleep. Will have to wait until tomorrow!   Good night all *muah*
have so much to do for school...jealous of all the stars who can take private lessons 
have so much to do tomorrow. 
Have so much work to do today  Should have started yesterday
have some good blisters in my feet from last night  but worth the awesome night out with tha girls!!
Have some instant noodles for dinner. 
Have somebody installed vCenter Server 4 on Windows 2008 x64 w SP2?  SP2 is not in the compability matrix 
Have sooo many projects for this friday  fml.
have sort out twitter and FB text with my new orange network. can't sort out to surf the net, i may have to get a new phone 
Have spent the day cleaning &amp; unpacking (still) while Tal's sat watched movies! So hate using tv to occupy him but had to get crap done. 
Have spilt coffee on myself this morning 
Have still not managed to see a-ha's new video.  Will remain searching online until its time for TV:  Jonathan Ross with Hugh Laurie.
Have stuff to do but today feels DAMN slow. Just want it to end but its still 4PM! 8tracks.com isn’t too great to me today like yesterday 
Have successfully not run into anyone I know. The steampunk stuff is all spread out this year. 
Have tasted my way thru Lon for a yr. Must go back to US on Sun  Would love to tweet London's deliciousness as a last hurrah! #tastefringe
Have the biggest headache ever. Trying to get asleep but failing 
have the flu 
Have the odds gotten better to win the free iPhone from #squarespace? The are not even topping out on the trending topics  #squarespace
have the worst headache 
Have tix for the Cub/Sox today and it rained out 
have to add so many numbers to new phone 
have to be at work at 6:30 am   so come visit me at stompin' grounds on SoCo and get some coffee (or a drank...i won't tell).
Have to be at work in 5 hours. Boys are being loud.  
I dont feel so good. I dont wanna train but I have to. Uh 
I don't feel so good.. 
I don't feel so good...  Hope to get better for work's sake!
i don't feel so good... that ice cream was too much! 
i don't feel so hot! headache, bodyache, burning up yet cold. i cannot get sick, LORD HELP ME. 
I dont feel so well 
I don't feel so well 
i dont feel so well  and i have to work in an hour.
I dont feel so well either 
I don't feel so well!! I think I may be getting the flu  We'll see bout church in the morning!!
i don't feel tired, but my eyes say otherwise 
I don't feel too good  and I need to take out the trash xD
I dont feel too good  took Ariel to breakfast club in my pjs (it's sweatpants and a tshirt, nothing exciting)
i dont feel too good today 
I don't feel too good.  I want to go to bed but I have hw to check. A mothers job is never done.
I don't feel too well this morning 
I don't feel very good. 
I don't feel very well today, and it's highly depressing 
I don't feel very well.  Going night-night. Love you, friends! Be happy.
i don't feel very well........... ugh. 
i dont feel well  detox from today i think.
I dont feel well  i got a dentist appointment later.
I don't feel well  pain in da belly
I don't feel well at all. Laying in bed, with a massive headache. Cool 
I don't feel well today  can somebody cure me?
I dont feel well. 
i don't feel well. 
I don't feel well.  At all.  
I don't feel well. my tummy is making noises 
I don't feel well.. HATE BORING SUNDAYS!! 
I don't feel well...  
I dont feel well...  ... vertigo/sinus pressure
i dont feel well...think I ate some bad chinese food 
i dont forgive you  you broke my heart and my friends.
I dont get how to use twitterr! 
I don't get it. I go to bed at 11:00 and wake up just as tired as if I'd gone to bed at 1:00. And I have a headache. 
i dont get myself 
I dont get this. 
i dont get to go to the movies now cause my friend went out of town 4 about two days and i might be goin to a barbaque!!!!!!!! 
I dont get to have a birthday party this year 
i dont get to keep him 
I dont get twitter  Someone help me!
I don't get twitter at all 
I don't get why I can never sleep properly anymore...how unfortunate  I miss being able to fall asleep by 10pm
Have to be awake in 2 hours and yet here I am tossing and turning thinking the same things. What a great life! 
Have to be in the wards by 8am tmrw  I thought we're supposed to be on holiday..
Have to be up early. Work tomorrow 
Have to be up in 2 hours. i'm not used to getting up early. lame. and it's the 2nd day in a row with no exercise. 
have to buy a new water pump for my jeep 
have to call off mom, cuz i will be busy at 6pm... sorry mom, see you later 
Have to change my research question for my honors thesis. This is terrible news 
have to clean 
Have to clean my house before the estate agent inspects it... 
Have to climb mission peak twice tomorrow. 
Have to do 5 volunteer hours today 
have to do a lot today.. 
Have to do a video presentation. Anyone good at public speaking that could help me? Please! I'm so awful at these assignments 
Have to do like the entire final draft of my History paper.... lame 
Have to do more homework what fun! 
have to do my homework ... 
have to do so many things before work, but there's only one thing i really want to do 
Have to do some geography homework. I don't want to  so tired today.
Have to do something heart wrenching today... 
have to do soooo many things to do for school...and it's the beginning of summer 
Have to do stupid chores 
have to do this stupid report on animal abuse 
Have to drive my brother up to Boca Raton.  Kill me now. Please.
have to face school again tmr  scary..
Have to find a new car today  ~Sundance~
Have to finish a PowerPoint presentation before tomorrow morning  #workingonSundaynight
have to finish her project for school  don't want to ...  tonight was GREAT ... TWILIGHT ROCKS
Have to get an ultrasound tomorrow. Very nervous 
Have to get back to work -- No Bank Holiday for me  
Have to get back to work, regardless if my tummy's upset. 
have to get ready and go to work  what a pain, i hate work.... people can be so stupid, retail sucks...
have to get ready for my 8:45PM softball game yeah me 
have to get ready soon though  Movers are coming to see how much stuff we have so we know how much they have to put on a truck!
Have to get ready soon to go to Brother's Ian to spend some time with dad before he leaves tomorrow 
I got million mental and physical things to do  would 24 hours be enough?
I got money in the bank.... which i cant use 
I got my blanket. I wanna sleep buh everyone is telling me not to 
I got my car back!!! Ya digg? With the new window that I'll be paying for...  lol
I got my car taken away  Wants to go to fiesta texas next week.
i got my computer back yesterday and it sux i cant even download tweetdeck 
i got my first cavity 
i got my first parking ticket today 
i got my grandpa two shirts and a card!! we couldnt go back for another balloon!! 
I got my mom (and me) tickets to see Mamma Mia! on Broadway for her birthday...of course, now I actually have to sit through Mamma Mia! 
i got my mom and dad sick  sorrrrry!
I got my money back from Toyota, but now I gotta start my search for a car all over again 
Have to get ready to take my son to the bus stop for his last day of kindergarten 
Have to get some groceries again seems like everything runs out at once 
Have to get tish a cell, p thinks she's gettn 1 too. She also thinks now can go do family portrait. 
have to get up before 12 because new beds being delivered.  that should be illegal on a weekend 
Have to get up early for school tomorrow   too tired.....but I know I'll be able to do it anyways, lol! ;)
Have to get used to being up early. 
have to give my car back to holden tomorrow im gonna miss it 
Have to give up my New York Drivers license.   http://twitpic.com/55frr
Have to go and clean the bathroom now. 
Have to go back to work tom 
Have to go back to work tomorrow... Vacation pau 
Have to go bed with dry feet. i have plenty of lotion at home 
have to go get an EKG, echocardiogram, and stress test. No running and no race this wknd. 
have to go grocery shopping after work which sucks big time, i hate grocery shopping 
have to go into school tomoro  then up2 glasgow to get my birthday present 
have to go meet tims entiiiiire family in an hour, this should be different.. finishing getting ready then wake ; feel like shit still 
Have to go move my car for street  cleaning... I hate that 
Have to go now  Bye twitter, will be away till Friday! I'm in Hungary, you know xD ? xx
have to go plaay ANOTHER soccere game 
have to go shopping but don't like the budget I'm supposed to use. Not nearly enough to meet my wishes 
Have to go soon. 
Have to go to a meeting I don't want to go to 
Have to go to Alex 4 biznis. Being white = serious = biznis. She won't deal with my associates 
have to go to change for dancing. I DOnt want to gohooooo 
have to go to dentist next week 
Have to go to Roseville for a volleyball BBQ  Blahhh
Have to go to school in a couple of Hours, Gotta Test 
have to go to school today for maths revision  but hey its the last time i will ever be going to school for revision!!! leaving in 20 mins
Have to go to school tomorrow morning to take a test 
Have to go to sleep but this twilight book new moon is finally getting good! Going2chapters 19 poor jacob 
have to go to the bed now it´s really late. Tomorrow a day full of learning 
Have to go to the dreaded DMV tomorrow  
Have to go to the gynaecologist today...  I hate that... there ain't a more dreadful med for me..
I got my nose pierced .....it kinda hurts 
I got my nose pierced. It hurts when I yawn. 
I got my period.  And I forgot pads.
i got my phone taken away    sad story... i get it back on sunday!!
i got my phone taken away  2 weeks is torture lol
I got my second lady shot today...it hurt way more than the last one 
I got my summer job... fixing Xerox machines  Oh well, gotta get paid. http://bit.ly/5hs6j
I got my Suzuki Bandit back tonight, but the news doesn't sound promising. A big job may be called for to get it through the MOT 
I got my very first /. mod points today! Five of them. They were gone in a minute  #slashdot #geekpride #moremoremore
I got nail glue on my tongue 
i got nerfed too  Divine Intellect: This talent now gives 2/4/6/8/10% increased intellect instead of 3/6/9/12/15%.
i got no where to turn to 
I got nothin  %^&amp;#@  looking out from the window , I am glad I will be working today, bet than it will get sunny and warm . 
I got nothin to do today... I was gonna go to the movies with maria but I cant  o well things don't always work out like u plan...
I got nothing to do and everyone is mad at me 
i got peanut butter in my beard  it felt weird after... and axe body wash burnt my eyes... but now they're okay.
i got really booored, and my room is such a messsss 
i got really excited that Sims 3 was a trending topic... and then... nothing 
I got really excited when I saw prawns in the transparent bowl..... turned out to be tomatoes 
I got sand everywhere and am in the worst mood ever  i hate feeling this way
I got school tomorrow! Noooo!! This weekend went by super fast! 
I got shampoo in my left eye this morning. Unfortunately it still hurts. 
I got shoes I said I would never buy today after I setteled for the best/worst dress I will find in Huntsville. Ohh what joy 
I don't get why most men are such dicks!  .. Just cause they have one doesn't mean they have to BE one!... Seriously
i don't get why my picture doesn't work 
i don't go to the party   SAD
I don't got time for lil kid shyt n dat comin around when u please..put bytches on or keep it movin bc ur playin..now screw it n u too 
I dont have a background for my twitter stream...does anyone ever check those things?? and if they do...what should mine be? help 
i dont have a bunny anymore  
i don't have a clue what i'm doing at times. gonna have to learn up pretty quick. 
I don't have a computer to get OS 3 today  lol I haven't downloaded any iPhone update since February. Good news-I can survive w/o a laptop
I don't have a damn phone charger at the moment  but as soon as @KidnapDan brings me back to my car, my phone will be happy once again!
I don't have a day off till wednesday  I'm tiredddddd
i dont have a mask!!! 
i dont have a milkshake to bring the boys to the yard 
I don't have a really family ( it's hurt so much but it's true 
I don't have a rolling mat, and so cannot make suhsi today  I think i use the smiley/sad face expression thing to much
I don't have ahini. waaaa. 
I don't have any checks, and am pretty much fucked for a week 
i dont have any followers 
i don't have any followers 
i dont have any followers on my blog  its depressing... please follow me!! www.my-yummi.blogspot.com
I don't have any twitter friends... 
I don't have anything to do on this site. Pretty Boring 
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO! HAHA 
I don't have anything to wear 
I don't have cable or internet, yet I find ways to procrastinate 
i dont have enough chip for my dip 
i dont have enough spit left to gleeeeccckkk 
I don't have enough swearwords right now. Work = complete clusterfuck, I just dropped someone else in it and alienated the entire team. 
I don't have firends on Twitter 
i dont have followers yet 
i dont have friends who twitter, only sis and bro  .... i kinda dont like this
i don't have inspiration, but i want to write 
I don't have my car with me  [Sideways]
i dont have my guita with me  i wanna play it
i don't have my laptop yet. so thats y i have not been on lately  i miss it &lt;333 ]:
i don't have my tunes for #musicmonday - is sad 
i don't have self control to saying no to a guy i really like!!!... i need help! 
Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
Have to go to work early today, not going to be a pleasant day 
have to go to work now  bback, laterrrr 
Have to go to work now. 
Have to go to work on such a nice day 
have to go to work this morining 
have to go visit my horse in the meadows... and it's pouring rain.. 
Have to go work at 12, Sea World has too many people during the summer 
Have to have tea as we have run out of coffee 
have to learn 
have to learn for school now 
have to learn latin ): i hate this F**k !!!! i was so stupid when i ch0se it  but music always helps me while i'm learning (:
have to learn. but i really dont want to 
Have to leave and go to work after the 2nd service 
Have to leave twitter alone for the night..last night in Barcelona   back to Philly tomorrow. Hope u all have a great Friday! Muahh!!
Have to miss church today. 
Have to mow the lawn today   We don't have a good mower.
Have to now write a really nice thanks &amp; goodbye letter to my son's TA at school. Gonna cry  I don't want to do it...
have to pay my credit card bill tomorrow.  FML.
have to practice maths now for at least 4 hours...and tomorrow will be the big day 
have to practice the speech 
Have to program for VBA, no fun at all &gt;__&gt; You can just throw away everything you know, cause VBA does everything completely differently 
have to re-install Twitter on iPod, doesnt work...  or is there a problem outthere????
Have to restart my laptop again 'cause the software wasn't able to install in my phone 'cause apparently the internet server timed out. 
have to run n gt the bus now for wrk  better start runnin for gonna miss it lol bye bye might tweet later x.x.x tweet tweet
have to say im officially a CC and JL of GL fanatic!! LOL.. love the show... too bad it will end up soon! 
have to say, that moving is horrible thing... turning me crazy 
Have to scan some pages and mail it.. Looking for a cyber cafe with scanner.. Can't find any 
have to spend 25 bucks 2 print an assigmentout 2moz  wat a waste of MY money ...
Have to start doing yesterday's dishes  pots, pans, plates, cutlery, glasses, bowls for 8 -  I really wish I had a dishwasher 
Have to start studying for finals!! week and the next! AHHHHHHH!! 
have to stay away from home for the next few days. Ivan's been self quarantined at home. Cabutan bertuah H1N1 
have to stay away from home, and since this part of india dnt hav gud wireless internet, im fucked 
Have to study for finals 
Have to study for mathemetics in a few 
Have to submit my Shapiro blog 3 - how annoying.. that means I have to re-type it again. Stupid Blackboard. 
I got sick a while ago 
i got sims 3! but im at my moms so now i can't play it 
I got smashed in the face playing soccer last night. Cut my gum and nose. 
I got so fucked up @ the white party idk how I got home! I'm so disappointed with myself! 
I got some bad news today  My car insurance isn't gonna renew my ish. this makes me sad cuz their ish was hella low...
I got soooo burnt today 
i got spacers today....they hurt 
I got stingy needles on my knuckle 
i got stuck on the Sudoku in the paper .. 
i got stung by a bee. 
I GOT SUNBURNED 
I got sunburned  u would think id gotten used to it by now but it still hurts like a mofo *Born~For~This*
I got sunburned in the 30 min. I was at the growers market today.  
i got sunburned on my shoulders and on my head  yowch! im sad dload is over for the year :&lt;
I got sunburned. 
i got suspended @ xbox live 
I got terrible sunburn on my shoulders that hurts so bad. 
i got the  &quot; sims 3  intro &quot; cd , but it just like trailer &amp; information about the game 
I got the box 2day.  I got all misty looking at my Sweet Pea.  Your are the most beautiful.  Love you.  hope tummy feels better 
I don't have steady arms  http://dailybooth.com/karlchyeahh/223636
I don't have the Internet tethering option in OS3.0  #iPhoneOS3
I don't have time for this traffic...half point here I come. 
i dont have time/energy to start my food blog for real, maybe i need to start drinking coffee 
i dont hink i've laughed this much in my life...tv, sleep and then sat 2's in the am 
i dont kno how to use twitter 
i dont kno wat im doin and no ones helpin me 
i dont know  if i should be happy or mad .. i guess i shoudnt really care about a 16 year olds love life but i cant help it 
I don't know a lot of english! 
I don't know any Spanish. It's ridiculous 
I don't know HOW but I seriously messed up my ankle at Disneyland.  Icing it right now 
i dont know how cubs fans can be happy after that win, woody was ready to cry 
I don't know how I did it! 
I don't know how I should get my hair twitters!! I am so lost 
I don't know how i'm going to last without my girls. 
I don't know how I'm going to survive next week alone 
i don't know how many feel the same but clay court seems so &quot;soona-soona&quot; and empty-like without Nadal there 
i dont know how much more i can study, but it's scary when i havent talked to anyone whose passed it yet 
i dont know how to change her thinking.. 
I dont know how to do this 
I don't know how to do this! 
I don't know how to get my browser working!!!! I think i messed it up 
I don't know how to get twitter on there either  Myspace and facebook are already on there
I don't know how to reply 
i dont know how to spell cherios 
I dont know how to twitpic 
i dont know how to twitter 
i don't know how to twitter 
I don't know how to use OS3 for my iPhone 
i dont know how to use this bold i rather use the old one... i cant even set up my email... 
I don't know how to use this thing and my stupid picture won't upload 
i dont know how to use twitter 
I got the day off tomorrow, woohoo! Sad news is, my best bud is leaving for 2wks!!  who's gonna help me pack!? Time to roll up m'sleeves.
I GOT THE FORM! Going to school now... 
I got the new album by Marilyn Mansin. It's called &quot;The High End of Low&quot;. It's not as good as I thought it would be  boo.
I got the 'ol bait &amp; switch tonight! I thought I'd be working until 10  &amp; when I got here, I was informed it will be more like midnight. 
I got the that rock and roll, sorry 
I GOT THE WHALE  Twitter is over capacity.Too many tweets! Please wait a moment and try again.
i got these new jeans yesterday and i've already got a blob of ketchup on them 
i got this amazing yearbook comment today from someone who i might not ever see again 
I got this Antivirus System Pro &quot;scam-ware&quot; on my computer.  All I did was go to someone's web page.. didn't even click on a link 
I got this bad habit of waking up at 12:00 noon. How do i get rid..? 
I got this really bad dry cough that sounds hella weezy. Ewwww. 
i got to drive today! but i sucks at parallel parking. 
I got to go to work  sucks big time
I got to go!! But I don't WANT to go.... 
i got to hear set phasers to stun &amp; 180 by summer tonight. so i'd have to say it was a pretty perfect day, other than herman breaking  
I got to much sun and now I'm sick.  And I'm just overall sad.. 
Have to take grandson to Albuquerque to his other grandma for the weekend.  Will b off-line 4 most of Friday.  
have to take paige to the airport at 3am so she can fly home to texas 
Have to take Tigalily to the vet, she's not eating anything and being very subdued. I hope she's okay 
Have to tidy my room - again! 
have to tidy up my room today 
Have to try and get it to work now 
Have to try and make it through a shift at work then go to the hospital. My knee is so fucked 
Have to use the laptop everybody uses intill mine comes back 
Have to wait 45 minutes for the next bus home  I need my own car so bad...
Have to wait a month and half to find out what will happen next on Greek. 
Have to wait another week until final episode of Primeval series 3 is shown. Thank you so much ITV &amp; BGT 
Have to wait till Friday to pick up my Visa for China- not as expedited as I would have hoped, but at it's done   #geeksonaplane
Have to wait to check out the new Splattercast until I get home.  
HAVE TO WAIT!!!!!!! mums busy attending to my brother to give me her delicious dish!!!!!!!!!! 
Have to wake up early.  http://plurk.com/p/12ltwf
have to walk to work tomoro  dreadin it already
have to wash my hair 
have to wash the dishes  hate this
Have to watch &quot;Mascara&quot; episode on CSI tom. But how? 
Have to work in a few minutes  No weekend for me...
have to work outside today... its not very nice out  i hope i dont get MORE sick
have to work this weekend (&amp; after a very late night last eve) dragging today. big Bday dinner at fogo tonight too. not enough matt time 
Have to work today.  http://plurk.com/p/x2rt8
have to work today. Still missing someone 
have to work tomor 
Have to work tonight 
have to write three papers today, ugh 
Have tonnes of work from office 
Have tried @powertwitter and although has excellent features its way too slow which unfortunately means its a no go for me  @luckylobos
Have trouble transferring some money 
have troubles with win7 beta on my sun v.box 
Have u ever been so tired to the point where in the middle of a txt, email, tweet, etc...ur hand falls and ur eyes close? That's tired! 
have u ever had to take a poop at work, and forced to rush it cuz people needed u! I hate when that happens. I like taking my time 
Have u ever miss someone so much that it hurts? i'm experiencing it now, the feeling won't go. 
have watched that considering today. yaknow. shawnna tomomorrow;i need my bestfriend 
Have whole day off today (monday) what 2 do?? Nothing on  heeelp pls
i don't know how to use twitter 
i dont know how to use twitter, need to figure out myself.. 
I don't know how to uuuse twitterrrr  so confused, like wtf? help meee
i don't know if i can 
i dont know if i can finish my book, its soooooooo sad and i can feel the tears in my eyes 
I dont know If I can leave my first apartment  So Sad!  It's been a good first apartment with the best roomies ever!
I don't know if I have the heart to keep up with my blog anymore. 
I don't know if I madethe right decision 
I don't know if I should go to the zoo    I hate this weather
I don't know if I slept or just laid with my eyes closed for 3 hours 
i don't know if i want thursday to come or not because it means finals are over, but it also means that i have to leave my friends 
I don't know if it's me or my phone, but no one is answering my text... 
I don't know if its my bb or the site but perezhilton won't load 
I don't know if it's the heatwave we're having in the UK at the moment but kids were up half the night 
I don't know if it's worse that my computer has mac and cheese in it or that my bowl no longer does. 
I don't know if I've ever needed a backrub as much as I do right this moment. 
I don't know that I have anything to write about. 
I Dont Know Wat To Cook  
I don't know what  would do without @kylekore. He's a good friend who can pull off tight pants better than most girls. Jealous 
i dont know what can do (: i hurt my finger 
I don't know what could make this better, but something needs to happen fast! 
I don't know what do design anymore 
I don't know what else to do on twitter! I guess I'll get back to faxing  it's not as much fun as you think.
i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!
I don't know what hapened I can't get chewy to sleep in his crate, I think he wants to sleep in the bed   http://twitpic.com/551qv
i don't know what happend. 
I don't know what happened with AJ today. He just left me 
i dont know what i am going to do first... so much load.... 
I don't know what I am going to do with her   I miss her!
i dont know what i did during the night but my back is frigged!! ouchie!! i think i may have to lie down all day! 
I don't know what I did to karma to deserve hitting AN ENTIRE FAMILY OF BABY DUCKS with my huge moving van, but I'm sorry. 
I don't know what I expected, but Star Trek just didn't do it for me... 
Have woken to grim miserable weather. Pants. No sky jumping or long bike rides 
have woken up with a random sore hand  feeling happier though will take a deep breath and read the email from my ex....when I get to work
Have won vball semi - by one point.  Nothing left for final now 
Have yet to get him to sleep. Potty time, more water, songs and stuffed animals have not worked 
have yet to start this paper due tonight. i have no motivation 
Have you #squarespace seen this thing: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIRV - bombs which could destroy whole continents 
have you ever drunk so much soda that u can actually feel it in ur stomach? i just accidently didi that and its not a pleasent feeling!! 
Have you ever felt somthing is just wrong or like you just feel like somthings not right ?   Yup.. 
have you ever had a mosquito bite on your boob? It sucks!!! 
Have you ever had one of those days where you just felt like crying...that's how I feel right now 
Have you ever just been sitting there, thinking, think of something funny... then laugh and blow some snot out? I hate that. 
Have you ever listened to a song that made you cry because it described exactly how you felt? Having a moment 
have you ever made a really big mistake? 
Have you ever noticed that while you're doing busy work  you're thinking of a million things you want to do with your life? Break's over 
Have you ever stepped on a slug by accident? I just did  I hate bugs
have you ever..... fell out of a extension stunt during cheerleading tryoutsand break you wrist? tht is so painful stuff 
have you listened to taylor swift's song hey STEPHEN???! Very relatable! except the fact that my &quot;Stephen&quot; is in another effin country 
i dont know what i feel now 
I don't know what i should eat for dinner!   Again Pizza??? ;-) - http://tinyurl.com/c9a3nk
i dont know what i thing about the jonas brothers :S i feel so down 
I don't know what I wanna be actually........ I want you but I refused you.... I don't know 
I don't know what I want for my birthday  Anyone know of anything I should ask for?
I don't know what I'll do , If i lost them.. 
I don't know what I'm craving, but I know it's not here. 
i dont know what im doin?? 
i dont know what im doing i jus made this thing 
I don't know what I'm feelin'; I feel hungry at the same time tired and sort of dizzy 
I don't know what i'm going to do tonight! It seems like everyone i know is busy 
I don't know what is worse...any old navy commercial ever created. OR the new subway commercials 
I dont know what is wrong with Twitter but it took me ALL night and day to get into mine! 
i dont know what movvvieee to watcchhh 
I don't know what nudging means in Twitter terms. 
i dont know what should i do 
I dont know what the hell was I thinking 
i dont know what to call what im feeling... i guess its confusion 
i don't know what to do ! 
i dont know what to do anymore 
I don't know what to do anymore 
I don't know what to do anymore. I hate being lonely 
I don't know what to do for lunch when brother has to work 
I don't know what to do next  hahaha
i don't know what to do now 
I don't know what to do now that there are no asians.  This will take some getting used to! BUT i will always have @marissaxjanae
i don't know what to do today  I wish @natashaax was here so I could watch her dog do handstands (:
I don't know what to do with myself today 
i don't know what to do!  stupid talk. 
I don't know what to do! My 16mos. old climbs over every baby gate, crib, playpen we put him in and has fallen down the stairs TWICE! 
i don't know what to do. I am Boring 
I don't know what to do. I really don't. 
I don't know what to do...  I have to find someone to play with me.... Anyone playing violin? Mozart Sonate? any of them .. lol
i don't know what to feel. but i guess i'll be happy cause MARIA is such a fighter! however, rafa  i'm so upset about him. vika 
i dont know what to have for food  can't be bothered to cook anything.
i dont know what to say anymore. its obvious that no one reads my tweets cause no one ever replies 
I dont know what to say, my horrible day and continuing worst summer ever so far, wont fit in 140 letters.  
I don't know what to watch 
I don't know what to wear to my cousin's funeral tomorrow. I feel hdgjjvf. 
i dont know what you are, i cant read you 
I don't know what's going on - I go to bed exhausted, and wake up exhausted.  This is messing w/my mind. 
I got to see my good friend Matt 2night,who I havent seen in like a year. So that was very exciting! 2 bad we didn't get to visit longer! 
I got to sleep for three hours! Off to work 
I got to touch wilie and rob and i deff GRABBED! Que's mic lol ahah but i aint gte to touch him  i think mike smiled and looked at me
I got told of wearing jeans again to work  Yeah offiially finished me diploma!! woop woop, Now what? lol
I got too much sun and now I feel sick. Bleh. 
i got totally emotional right now.  why cant little sisters stay little forever. home movies....
I got totally lost, I wanna go home now 
I got totally soaked on splash at 5pm, i'm still very wet 
i got transformers on the ds but i'm a decpticon 
I got two drippy kids and miss throat thats on fire 
i got two more pairs of knee socks from Wetseal for $1 each...i think im addicted..i wish i had thought to get @emberiryss a pair! 
I got uberberry yay!!! But my tummy hurts and I have so much to take care of today 
I got up in time for the launch, but it was canceled 
I got up real early today... 
i got up to quick, head rush! 
I got up way to early for no reason at all...now i cant go back to sleep 
i got yelled at by @swear_bot to quit cursing yall  lol
I got yelled at for rapping 
i got yelled at for tweeting  my chest hurts from laughing -misty luvs you
I got ZERO hours of sleep and a ticket on my way home...And it ain't no golden ticket neither 
I gots me a new harmonica   My lips are numb    Fun though!
I gots me some Mosquitoe bites  Lots and Lots of them.
I gots my fingers crossed for a massage when I get home. I am in pain. Owch 
Have you tried texting him?? Cuz my textings blocked 
haven had breakfast/lunch ... 
Haven’t had soda in a little over a month, but it tastes funny and now my tummy hurts. Some reward… 
havent been able to finish any of my work as i had to handles dads stuff before he leaves india tomorrow 
Havent been able to get online at all today 
haven't been around much..thanks to Kevin Rudd my life is work work and more work...and no overtime pay..the tax stimulus sucks 
Haven't been doing much but reading and sleeping, my glasses broke so can't do much 
Haven't been feelin 2 good the past couple of days...damn i hate when im sick 
Haven't been feeling too good all day today. I need some chicken soup 
Haven't been feeling too well since yesterday afternoon. What to do what to do? 
Haven't been feeling well for days now.  Sore throat, ear ache and head ache. Not really ill, still functioning, but still... unpleasant!
Haven't been getting paid. What. The. Fuck. Where's Laura?! 
Haven't been on  twitter in awhile  oh going to the movies with alex
Havent been on all weekend :O busssssy weekend.. stupid 10 hour shift 
havent been on here in ages  sorry twitter.. tweetdeck is broken
haven't been on here in foreverrr 
Haven't been on in a whillee.been a pretty lame past couple days. 
haven't been on in awhile..my stomach hurts soo bad right now  ughh, and i miss him soo much. ugh i don't want to play 'effing volleyball!
I gots pink eye 
I gots the pins and needles. And developing premature arthritis on my left knee  ??
i gotta cry... bby i love u... please talk to me... 
I gotta do my assignments tomorrow  OMG mackillop has swine
I gotta find a good home for my fat, lazy, loud Chihuahua. It's breaking my heart.... 
I gotta get back INTO today. Geez. Really not on top of my game today. All the star wars shiat 4 today. Just reminds me of jedi FAIL 
I gotta get movin!  I've been working all night and feel like I haven't done anything!  Ugh! 
I gotta get off twitter...I can't hang through this Iran reports right now 
I gotta get up at 7am tomorrow  Not used to that!
i gotta go  good byee!!! have a great day!
I gotta go to summer school  I just ended regular school last Friday!!!! (((
I gotta go to work! I'll be off early cuz I gotta go to the dentist... 
I gotta hand back in my Math B textbook. I was using it as my laptop stand. 
i gotta headache 
I gotta leave, but I'll miss you 
i gotta pain in my chesss...and i cant briefff.  no but seriously, my chest hurts 
i gotta pee, i gotta pee, i gotta pee hey hey hey hey so much water drank, yet so much to drink! 
I gotta say.. Today has been a  day.
I gotta sleep, but I'm not seriously tired at all  fuck that. I don't wanna sleep till noon tomorrow, cos I never get myself out of bed!
i gotta somehow make 31 dollars last me for the rest of the month...    not sure how im gonna do that exactly...
I gotta stop stayin out til 4am when I gotta work in the morning... I feel like shit 
i gotta take a shower before church... bleh im too lazy, i went to bed at 1:00 am last night 
i gotta take the SAT's today 
I gotta try and go to bed, guys. Jury duty in the am. Booooooooo 
I grabbed the wrong side of a razor and now my hands a bloody mess. 
I graduate in TWO DAYS!!! Last week in elementry school I'm gonna miss everybody so much!!!  @HollyBJonas @iluve @CeceliaRudeFace
Haven't been on twitter all day   j
haven't been on twitter all day  this hangover is still killing me, been throwing up all morning.. but i geeve, the party was LIVE!!!!!
Havent been on twitter for4 loooooooonng.. i hate the rumors going round bout me and tunde!   
havent been on twitter in forever!! Wish I had my mac back 
Havent been on twitter in too long  Not good!
Haven't been paying attention - just learned that Yan's doing a new Illustrator session at Flash Brighton tonight and I'm missing it 
havent been really updating my twitter acc since a week ago. been really super busy! sorry! 
haven't been rickrolled _for so long_  ? http://blip.fm/~5eot0
Haven't been this upset in forever 
Haven't been to altantic city since aug.   me and my ex used to go at least every month we got free rooms parking food everything!
Haven't been Tweeting I've been doing some planting and I kept forgetting to update 
Haven't been twitting...nothing to twitt about 
haven't been up that long. already tired again. the boys are wide awake 
Haven't been updating my blog  If I can't sleep tonight, I think I'll do it!
Haven't bought tix yet to DC cause I don't wanna leave the dogs.  I am pathetic. Matt's being nice about it though. I gotta get over this!
haven't checked, but bound to be better than last week @MsPonita i have bed-ridden child, so weather is irrelevant to me 
Havent done as much revision as I should have done today  Will have to work harder this week I suppose.
haven't done chores. i want my phone 
Haven't driven in way too long... 
Havent eaten a meal in two days  i'm hungry.
Havent eaten a whole full day meal in weeeks 
Haven't eaten all day  I need food...
Haven't eaten all day .. I unno what to eat 
havent eaten anythg all day. been at the poker table, crying, gambling, more crying. tell me this is just hormonal. 
havent eaten yet  listenin to dead and gone, by justin timberlake and ti
Haven't even ate dinner yet. &amp; Its 9pm  I'm Fucking starving. gonna have some  Asian Food(:
I grew up with MS - and all I learnd was that in the end, all these shiny innovations from MS are copycated somehow  http://bit.ly/12ROM9
I grief for German democracy. Yesterday, the Bundestag voted for general censorship of websites; criteria are determined by the BKA. 
I gueeessss my hair got too short,,, I don't like it. but too late !! 
I guess @joeymcintyre isnt gonna come play with us ladies  thats alright...there's always tomorrow ;)
I guess @ricksgrl didn't get our messages at all. 
i guess all the sleep i had this weekend caught up with me, i didn't fall asleep till 3 am. BOO! 
I guess believing in magic wasn't good enough 
i guess doggystyle and kittystyle are just about the same.  ew
I guess Ed McMahon is never going to show up with my sweepstakes prize money now  Condolences to his family &amp; friends (like @TPIRHost)
I guess even Chuck E. Breaksdown  http://yfrog.com/3ouqzj
I guess everyone is at Summer Jam... NYC is dead 
I guess garlic fries and BBQ chicken pizza washed down with Hef wasn't such a great idea 
I guess going to read till I fall asleep...I have to work tomorrow 
I guess having bad weather that forces everyone into the 2nd floor is going to be a yearly tradition! So much for softball! 
I guess he passed  whut da hell
i guess homework and a quiz will have to wait till after work. and i really wanted to get to bed early tonight too...   
I guess I am reseting my sleep schedule today.didn't sleep all night. still awake and ready for a day with my family. im cranky... 
I guess i cant eat a full large bowl of pho anymore.  got full too quickly
I guess I didn't get the memo that this weekend started &quot;let's pick on anneliese week&quot; y is everyone being mean to me? 
I guess I didn't need to worry about what to pack 
I guess I done upset 2 ppl they done stopped following me 
I guess I have insomnia tonight 
I guess I have to got do homework now 
i guess i have to study 
Haven't even started Government and I already have homework?  This class is going to suck.  
Haven't gone to bed yet. Mum went into hospital again today. Babysitting.  Killer headache.  At least it's sunny out, right?  ugh. fml. 
havent gone to sleep yet  got back from my 2 hour walk and not even tired
haven't got any inspiration for the new story  has anyone an idea? book title is: candle light music
havent got much done, just not sure what i need to be reading or remembering for tomorrow!! annoying me now  silly interviews!
Haven't got the PAC yet from Vodafone so no point going into an O2 shop on Friday to get a new iPhone, bah! Just have to rely on DHL 
Haven't gotten my mind round to the fact that season is over, and I won't have those boys for the next 3 months.  And that Guus is gone
Haven't gotten my room yet  and I'm dead tired! Aaah!
Haven't had breakfast yet I want crunchy nut but we've run out 
Haven't had power for two days. :/ It's so hot. Stupid storms 
haven't had time to check youtube  too busy studying.
havent heard from my boy today  i miss him.
Havent hung out with @worldisphat since Sunday... 
Haven't posted in eons. A peacock visited in our backyard today! Beautiful! Visit too short. Hope she(?) returns. Painter here f/2 wks 
Havent really slept yet. Up all night vomiting  @momleelee you feel okay?
Havent really updated.. been busy, and GROUNDED. It sucks. 
haven't received any text messages since the 25th. Pologies to anyone I haven't replied to... something's wrong with my phone. 
