I want to start an online business but dunno how 
I want to start this whole replying thing to other people-what do I do first? I'm lost 
I have a toothache, off to the dentist this week 
I have a tummy ache ohhhh 
I have a tummy ache....   
i have a tummy ache:'[ it hurts really bad. how do i get rid of a tummy ache? 
I have a tummyache  ......
i have a twitter  y is that?????
I have a twitter account!   i have no friends though 
i have a very lonely life and search desperately for friends  ahh i kid, i just get bored easily  #WhyITweet
I have a very upset tummy. 
i have a wedding saturday how am i suppossed to be tan by then?! haha ah studying for spanish... nothings helping im gonna fail 
I have a week to get rid of Gunn   Meeting Jeff in Dallas on Thurs or Fri. It's not even half way through Monday and this week sucks.
I have a weird and unpleasant taste in my mouth which is spoiling my enjoyment of Ben and Jerry 
I have a weird feeling in my tummy. OMG WHY AM I NOT GOING SHOPPING YET?!  mommyyy
i have a weird paint  
I have a weird tickley cough 
I have a wet bottom. 
I have a whining, teething sick grand baby today, it's going to be a long day  http://ff.im/4qdig
I have a whole week off work and whats the weather doing? Uh huh.....its raining! 
i have a wicked bad headache right now.  
I have a world record score in a Ghostbusters game but I have no Ghostbusters game. 
i have a yucky feeling in my tummy  i hate how he waits till 10 something to decide that he wants to hang out. i don't wanna leave now.
i have a zit!! 
i have about 1 minute left of internet 
I have about 17 hours of updates to check, and my hiptop wont connect to the net, so i have to check on here and cbf'd 
I have about a gaziliion things to do. Jesus, is that how holiday should be? 
I have absolutely nothing to do 
I have absolutely nothing to do. Work Experience starts tomorrow and I don't wanna go! urgghh. 
I have all the sims 2 games... what is the different om sims 2 and 3 ? please tell me... sims 3 is not in Denmark yet 
I have allergies and my eye is irritated and i think i may have pink eye again. Ewwww. 
i have also missed seb anniversary for acoustic soul food @xwhy was there! as well as my lovely mr bennett 
I have an anxiety attack waiting in the wings: so much to do by tomorrow! Traveling REALLY FAR from home! Still got post-break up gloom 
Idk what im gonna do nxt year w/out amanda and alexis... 
Idk what im gonna do this weekend....I dont like deciding ! 
Idk what i'm gonna do when my dad goes back on the road 
Idk what to buy my mom for mothers day   gaaahh...
idk what to do 
Idk what to do anymore  cryinnnn.
idk what to do... i'm mad but i can't say anything, i want to figure it out, i want to forget it, but i don't want to start anything. 
Idk what to say to him!  ahhh I hate being in these situations!
idk what to wear 
idk what to wear today. help 
idk what to wear. stupid rain just confused me. 
Idk what's up with my laptop! It won't connect to the internet!  TODAAAY! THE JONAS BROTHERS' album release!
idk what's wrong with jenners 
idk when iim gOin baQ 2 the Bay  * hopefully by friday 0r saturday --im getting homesiCk &amp; i miss wakin up next tO my Other half(@ali`mOe)
Idk who made cake. WASNT ME.. Prolly frm tha dance.. Old probably.  Yeah were bak nw. Its hot.   idk wht wer gon do this wknd..
IDK whts goin on me me.. second day in a row ii got breakfast nd so0o0o dont want it 
idk why but my thighs are sore. 
Idk why i get so worked up over a job i hate. i guess i just want to do well at all i do. 
idk why i have this stupid thing i got it cause my girlfriend wanted me to but now i dont have one anymore 
IDK why I try. Nap. Bye. 
Idk why I'm so tired all the time 
idk why my twitter doesn't let me @ anyone 
idk why, but i feel sooo sad 
Idk why, but I keep getting headaches 
idk wtf is wrong with my insides, but i think im gonna diagnose myself with &quot;half the flu&quot;. Only ralphin' bile all day  i feel terrible
Idk wut to wear todayyyyy! 
idk. i wish i could make my hair how the lady at the salon did it.  http://tinyurl.com/p6ju4c
idkk. i think im going to read my summer reading stuff and get it over with 
idont get it. its OUR vacation too so how cum we cant decide wat 2 do - its planned 4 us if we like it or not 
idont wanna work 
iDON'Tfeelikeironingggggg. 
Idunno why, I'm in a really shit mood today 
IE 7 + IE 8 is giving me headaches 
Ie8.ph run on fort bonifacio this sat. Last day of reg is tomorrow. But I wont be running.  #pinoy
if @Anah_Mae drove to vegas from washington, why didn't she visit me lol? 
If a tornado touches down in my back yard, I love you all. 
If any of you are wondering.. I am not. repeat not going to vfc's show on sunday. i can't go to it at all. i don't have a ride. so sry! 
IF ANYONE CAN SEE ME HERE PLEASE SEND ME &quot;LIKE&quot;, I think I'm alone here  http://ff.im/43Gvj
If anyone else is mailing me a bead for my labour necklace, just make sure it's taped in there good- the last one sent never made it!  #fb
If anyone has PRAYERS PLAINLY SPOKEN, I'd be grateful for copy of prayer re:watery graves; Can't find my bk  jonathan@sthelenas-boerne.org
if anyone has their site hosted on IPOWERWEB servers.. its probably down right now 
if anyone is in the city could they PLEASE bring me chocolate? and throw it on my balcony because i can't move  it's so yuckkiii
if anyone is in the city could they PLEASE bring me chocolate? and throw it on my balcony so i don't have to move 
If anyone is interested I have two myspace accounts. but I cannot log into any of them. my computer crashes everytime i log into myspace. 
If anyone is out today and wants to give me a ride into Ballard...my car is dead again.  http://twurl.nl/d43db5
If anyone knows how to do this maths hw please please help me 
If anyone knows how to get rid of bad tummy pains FAST let me know.............   I'm so sore 
if anyone one wants to donate a dvd player to me i won't mind.  i think mine is broke 
If anyone wants 2 pairs of jcrew jeans, a BR skirt, and a dress let me know. 
If anyone wants to know what happened with me tonight text me tomorrow I can't tweet it  goodnight guys sorry I'm being so annoying 
If at first you don't succeed, maybe skydiving is not for you 
if at least Assert wasn't a static class, I might be able to inherit from it and add the missing stuff 
I want to stay home all day 
i want to stay home and do some job hunting but i have to help someone move... 
i want to stay up late so i can sleep in but im tired 
i want to stop eating...but i cant...please help me 
i want to sunbathe but theres fucking beetles everywhere 
i want to take a @starbucks! im from canary islands but not there 
I want to take a nap. I'm worried that I wont get up in time though and end up missing my deadline 
I want to take a trip across the country with my friend, but my parents want me to find a job first 
I want to take it down...but I'm not tired 
I want to take mums credit card and buy anytg i want so im not sad anymore  it would make me feel better! x
I want to take my dog out but itz rain like crazy 
I want to talk to him... 
I want to talk to people  I'm gonna try and do 200 updates today! 
I want to teach German.  Stupid budget cuts. Stupid counselors. Stupid parents who think it's a waste if time. Stupid, right?
I want to try the shortcut for creating new folder in Windows 7, but Chrome keep stealing my Ctrl+Shift+N 
I want to tweet about travelling and touring too  But noooo, im just... here. Damn it.
i want to tweet everyday ! But its already school days  &amp; for sure im gonna miss again the Live WebChat of JB in FB  so sad.
I want to update the iPod Touch to 3.0 but I'm gonna lose Winterboard  #iphone3.0
I want to upload a picture 
I WANT TO UPLOAD VIDEOS, YOUTUBE  sorry for the lack of freshtodeath stuff you guyz .. i are trying.
I want to visit #e3 someday 
i want to visit @louise_hendy at work but i cant 
I want to wake up from this nightmare  &lt;'3
I want to watch Across The Universe. I missed it last Friday on HBO! I wish they would increase the movie's showtime! 
I want to watch angels and demons on big screen...  when will this damn movie strike end???
I want to watch Camp Rock for the 3rd time today!  no one will let me
I want to watch drag me to hell  @daveorawk jealouzzz
I want to watch Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind again. 
I want to watch General hospital tonight but my cable is not set up in my room 
I want to watch Juno butttttt I don't have it andddddd I don't know where to find it online! 
I want to watch Lady Gaga's concert on August 11 soooo bad  I hope they'll change the date because Aug. 11 is a Tuesday :|
i want to watch lilo and stitch, but i dont own it 
i want to watch me some legend of neil season 2, whens it coming out? 
If Aussie tour is cancelled looks like the end is coming. Wish they would just tell us 
If Barnes&amp;Noble refunds the double payment, I should have JUST enough to cover the bill that I just sent out and have like $1.50 left 
If Billy Elliot or Next To Normal win I'll never be able to afford tickets 
If Eminem had more of his old videos I might actually buy some, he don't have much on itunes, maybe a few old and a few new. 
If ever there was a day for staying in bed, today is it 
If Hamilton gets a hockey team, I really think the name Hamilton should be in the team name. If not, I'll be sad. 
If he breaths too deeply he may die  sally strothers come save the children
If he doesnt need you in his life then you don't need him in yours! Is sad and can't sleep! 
If he hasn't me on 3 Days...do I simply forget him..  (via #zenjar )
if he wants to keep me i'm going to need more attention...  
if heidi pratt dies @nbc will see a HUGE lawsuit, its not looking good for her 
If hubby would just buy coffee like a normal person I could have a cup now. Instead he buys beans and I have no idea how to make a cup 
If i call in with a support call i want support not a sales pitch, argh 
If I can't go to @Starbucks I'll make it for me! I just made a black Tea Lemonade using TEA and LEMONADE not as good as the real thing 
if i cough anymore i swear i wont be able to breath. 
If i Could i would cry now in the train on the way home. 
If i could i would. I wouldnt have wasted people things feelings time and words that i should had NEVER SAID! 
If I could kiss a girl, it`d be Katy Perry or Megan Fox or Kristen Stewart. How incredibly weird am I today? I need the new Status ish. 
I have an apple and some yogurt because I forgot honey for my oatz 
I have an assessment tomorrow, and this time I'm getting all nervous... Darn you Shakespeare! Making me lose sleep! 
I have an AWFUL cough 
I have an awful sunburn on my legs and arms. Hurts like hell. 
I have an empty crib in my room... I really do miss having Haileigh here, but I have to realize her being home is what's best.... 
I have an English essay to write. Why do I leave it so late to do, sigh, this piece definitely won't be of high quality 
i have an enormous zit on my chin 
I have an entire 3 bedroom apartment to myself this summer!... but it's gonna get lonely without my roommates around 
I have an essay to write! 
I have an exam tmro and all I've been doing is nothing 
I have an exam to take today! 
I have an extra hole in me now  Stupid blood tests...
I have an extra ticket to see blink in Charlotte. anyone wanna come with?puhlease 
I have an eyelid twitch that will not go away 
I have an hour before I should leave to walk to work and I am at a loss as to how to spend it. Option paralysis 
I have an inconsistent training in Taekwondo. So I guess I'd go back to volleyball. 
I have an ingrown toenail (gross, I know) &amp; it bloody hurts 
i have an inspiration to take pictures when im in kampung, too bad i dont have a camera. NO! my lousy camera phone wont do 
I have an interveiw for maccas on Tuesday, going back to that shithole WILL kill me. i hated it the first time i quit! 
I have an odd, pensive, nervous feeling in the pit of my stomach as I prepare for bed and I can't figure out why. 
I have an office day today and look at the weather again! 
I have an orthodontist appointment today at 12:30.  my mouth already hurts. In need to remember to wear rubber bands. Lol.
I have an orthodontist appt to go to  boo hoo.. I'm SO done with braces seriously I can't wait to be killin em with my smile ;) . haha
I have an ow!  my heels last night for some reason cut my heel now it freaking kills ooooowieeeee! Plaster time....
I have an ulcer at the back of my mouth. It hurts 
i have an unsettling feeling in my gut - it's actually scaring me! 
I have an upset tummy but I'm hungry at the same time. Oxymoron I know. 
I have another headache 
I have another week of holidays....then school. 
I want to watch mtv awards but its to late/early and i dont have the channel 
I want to watch MTV Movie Awards  But we don't get it till tomorrow 9pm.. How retarded!
i want to watch MTV Movie Awards 2009 really badly 
i want to watch some movie, please give me time!!! 
i want to watch summer heights high..but i want to watch it on my tv rather than computer..cant find it 
I want to watch the Dance Heads concert later!! Grr...Dani why did you back out! 
I want to watch the Hannah Montana movie again... but I have coursework to do 
I want to watch the MTV Movie Awards. Wish I had cable TV... 
I want to watch The Music Man SO BAD right now but my sister borrowed it  I am tired.
I want to watch the rest of Castle for instance, but ABC has taken all the episodes down.   Save one.  Grr
I want to watch Transformers 2 TONITE!!!!!! 
I want to watch TWiT Live!  Dratted mediocre internet connections.
I want to watch Up! 
i want to win a contest  or a prize.. 
I want to win a contest where you don't do aything but call 
I want to wish my amazing Daddy a very very very happy berfday! I love you, Daddy!!! I wish I were there   @kencarlisle
I want to work in call center but my dad doesn't allow me 
i want to work out! but oy, it's so hot! 
i want to write a blog but I can't think of something good to write about.. 
I want to write a song!   ...but it's not easy...it takes talent. great talent.
I want to write and do things, but I have a headache. Lying down with the lights off is out, because I can't go to sleep this early. 
i want toc ommwent andy but idk wat to say 
I want too ROCK AM RING now!!!! 
i want torchwood to be on again 
I want trade my LG phone with a blackberyy please 
I want tweetie for firefox 
I want Tweetie, but I don't have an iTouch 
I want twitter 
i want u back ... alone and sad 
I want Uncharted 2 beta codes 
i want vacation. terrible school 
i want vacationss!!!! 
I want waffles... 
I want watch a movie, but i dont find my DVD! 
I WANT WATERMELON!! - trina and my mom are sooo mean  http://tumblr.com/xbt1z9lbf
i want wendy's too! 
I want Yogurt World. 
i want Yoko Onoï¿½s design T Shirts to benefit Fashion Against AIDS !!!  but in Mï¿½xico we donï¿½t have h&amp;m!!!! 
If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it....  Should have read the Mary Schmich book - ouch 
if i could turn back in time 
If I could up sticks and move to Canada right now, I would. Immigration points system slowing me down 
If i did anything to upset @Jeri_Danielle im sorry... I've been getting little sleep, working, and this tournament... 
If I didn't love 3D character animation I'd hate it 
if i didn't still have a history presentation to pull out of the air by tomorrow, i'd be kicking back with the half-blood prince 
If I die tonight... I'm in a red truck, passenger side, in Chehalis and with Vanessa in the driver seat.. 
IF I dnt get the job n vegas (I think im gettin it) im goin to SF either way ill b away from fam 
if i do not tweet laters it mans i have melted and died 
if i dont find a job....how am i gonna go cuba 
If i don't get a job after that, I think I'll just spend my whole summer in bed being depressed. 
if i don't get a reply tonight i am going to be sooo jumpy tomorrow 
if i don't get a text tomorrow ill be pisssssseddddddd. srsly. i want my black hoodie back! 
if i dont get out this car &amp; walk upstair im def. gonna be sleepin the parking lot! 
If I don't get this done I'm screwed for tomorrow .... 
If I don't keep up my 4.0 I'll never get my Challenger 
if i end up paying Â£6 a year extra for boradband, i wont afford to buy any eggs.. thats the nxt bnp public meeting ruined! 
If I ever have kids, I swear I'm gonna start them in track &amp; field when they're 5. My mom had me in bball, vball, soccer, tennis, etc 
if I fall asleep now... I'll get 5 hours of sleep 
If I get another sincere autoresponder saying my tweets rock or are kewl I'm going to SCREAM!! 
If I go for a 2-mile run (9-min. mi.) then a 2-mile cool down (15-min. mi.) but forget to turn off my Nike iPod, must I average those in? 
if I go home though I still don't have anyone to cuddle with, though 
If I got CMT, I'd be watching the Country Music Awards. Alas, I'm watching the repeat of NCIS instead.  No country music for me tonight.
if i had 2 wish for one thing, it would b: Graduating with my friends back home coz tom is their graduation! 
I have Ants in my living room.  I have to buy toxin...
I have art to post and no way to upload it from my phone  Stupid lj scrapbook doesn't like cell phone updates apparently.
I have bad computer karma... I've deaded 4 computers (office, 2 personal, and a friends) in the past 2 years. WTF DID I DO?!?!? 
I have been a moron.. n i realise that today... Sorry Aafz.. 
I have been abandoned-Nobody want's to go out to eat with me. So it's either fast food or a trip to the grocery store. 
I have been banned from speaking chinese because i sound too weird.  - http://tweet.sg
I have been bit by more Mosquitos in the last 3 hours than the last 3 years living in CO 
i have been booted out of my office cause of the insurance man so i can't even listen to my 17th helping of the Placebo album  boo
I have been cheated out of watching T4.  IRRITATION!!!
I have been DD to the passenger seat. 
i have been deliriously cheerful the past few days but now i'm home alone again and it's starting to wear off 
I have been dragged into a dollar store.  help.
I have been driving since 8 and now im stopped at a train  poo on me.
I have been eating too much cheesecake lately..  where art thoust summer? why hath thoust forsaken me?
i have been feeling sick all day  weak, hot, and nauseous. i should go to bed. goodnight &lt;3
I have been fish bowled 
I have been going through this day thinking it was Wednesday and that So You Think You Can Dance was on tonight. But I am wrong. Sadface 
I have been having really bad dreams lately ... not just scary but like past things that i would love to forget about are haunting me! 
I have been in so much pain w my stomach for the past 1/2 hour or more. Dont wanna have to go to the ER again  just took about 5 Advil
i have been laying down ALL day just about Boo... @TruStarr &amp;on my side.  me no comfy on me side. but i can't lay no other way til i sleep
I have been learning life lessons and such this summer! :/ And I realized life is short! 
I have been moving house over these past couple of days with an aggrovated chest from all the dust 
i have been neglectin twitter recently 
i want you 
I want you close to me, just give me what I need - I want your LOVE! 
i want you here baby 
I want you to stay 
i want zee avi's album  why cant we get it here in malaysia 
I want/need one of those tiny drink umbrellas for this photog idea I have. 
I wanted a dad to be card but my girlfriend didn't get me one 
i wanted a delayed separation decapitation there.  #e3
i wanted brande to be in the finals for celebrity apprentice 
I wanted David Letterman to play Edward, but I guess that didnt happen.  I still love my baby Davey&lt;33
i wanted flawless to win  oh well ,its all good, makes no diff to my life tbh x
I wanted Julian Smith to win BGT  But Diversity is still kickass. Glad Susan Boyle didn't win.
I wanted more Mass Effect stuff. 
i wanted nate to win 
I wanted Shaheen to win not Diversity 
I wanted so bad to watch the Tony's tonight. NPH hosting and @KChenoweth presenting! Damn you Sky, for not having Film&amp;Arts! 
I wanted someone read what I write  
I wanted susan to win 
I wanted to be in one  ..tear
I wanted to crawl in the snuggie with Bunny. 
i wanted to cry. the dress was so prettty 
I wanted to dancee!! 
I wanted to either do a ton of laundry or go to the Gospel Fest... I did neither... 
I wanted to find 3g guy 
i wanted to get a blue ray player this weekend with the money i saved, but the universe heard this and had the breaks go out in my car. 
i wanted to get my lil brother a GK shirt but the baby sizes only go up to like 2-3 years old 
I wanted to go even though it was approx. 4 hours away. LMAO It sold out though.  Good thing it will be televised!
I wanted to go out and watch a movie tonight but all the movies will be started by the time I get there 
I wanted to go see @mitchelmusso at thw groove 
I wanted to go to Boozle 
I wanted to go to McFly's concert yesterday. But I couldn't be there. I bet it was awesome 
i wanted to go to the city today but plans never work out these days 
i wanted to go to the movies. 
I wanted to go to the pool, but its raining again 
I wanted to join them and the Lambo crew on the Lambo drive today in Santa Monica but cant..  Gotta stay home and handle my shitt!
I wanted to make Mac 'n Cheese and Tuna Fish, but I don't have any milk. 
i wanted to pet the llama  ahahaha
i wanted to see transformers! 
I wanted to show you this picture I took at Pearlridge of a HUGE bug, but since my phone succkkkss, I can't. 
I wanted to sit next to jake and matt 
I wanted to sleep in! 
I wanted to spend the night with the boyf this weekend but it didn't work out. 
I wanted to swim and lay out today...didnt have time  Making lasagna now yummy!
i wanted to try out the rock band challenge but there wasnt any rock band, it had a bunch of guys playing call of duty instead 
I wanted to use Frontpage just to see if it'd make coding and all easier, god.  It's so hard 
I wanted to vote pirates yesterday - but I got the dutch candidate list and they don't have pirates 
I wanted to win a DSi   I tried so hard IGN.  I am sad.
I wanted Torrie to win! 
i wants a lot watch the jonas brothers movie again 
I wants a sugar glider 
I was a bit premature about the food. Will still be a while yet. 
I was a level 3 with like 45k is assets... 
I was a sleep sleep! Now getting ready for the job 
I was a Subway (sandwich) virgin until today. Should have kept my cherry 
I was a very naughty girl tonight. dissappointed with myself 
I was able to connect my HTC touch to Ubuntu 9.04, but not able to browse the files on the phone 
I was able to get the evening shift off... but now im sad... people can be so mean. 
I was about to blog about #jQuery today... but somehow along the way, I lost my inspiration  I hope I'll recover it tomorrow! 
I was about to eat dinner and my hot dog fell on the kitchen floor.  Fail.
I was about to fucking devour these apple jacks, and then I looked in the fridge only to find out there's no milk 
I was about to go to sleep when Dixie decided she needed to run outside to eat grass. Waiting for her to do her business now 
I was about to move to phoenix because of that  @pauval
i was about to say.F*ck the upgrade, if it doesnt go this time, lol its upgrading now... bye bye hello kitty iPhone 
If I had a dream point and shoot, this would be it (around 50-75mm f1.5?) Too bad it doesn't exist  http://bit.ly/AWq46
if I had a nickel for every time this girl broke my heart I'd buy her a diamond ring and propose to her ha! 
if i had a steady good paid job. my life would be so complete im comfortable and happy. and everything is falling into place. cept school 
If I had the funds I would get up and runaway to the beach for a few days...I need it 
If i had xbox360 i would play iron maiden and stuff  im scared of using my money if i need it later lol 
If I hadn't spent so much money over the last few months I'd be having a fantastic night out with somebody very gorgeous right now 
If I have one more stressful day this week I may just break down crying right here at work  Its only 10 and its the worst day this week
If i have to do this song one more time ill poo on his cowboy hat 
If I have to watch that kind of #redsox game performance (or lack thereof), I'd rather not have MLB streaming video on my iphone anymore. 
If I hit mi brother &amp; sister in my house,no one c't asked abt human rights or humanity, its nt a violence..cos its my inner house probs.. 
If i keep disparearing its cos we are packing up the house ready for the builders coming in next week... so V V busy! 
IF I keep having these dream teases...it will be the END of me! Too good 2 be true! LMAO!  
If I keep my tongue in my mouth might as well go ahead and get me to the convent 
if I knew it would fit, but its not very snug on me. 
If I knew World of Warcraft was online only I wouldn't have bought it. 
If I lock my profile, I have zero chance of ever getting a reply from MCR.  On the other hand, those stupid Britney porn vids will go away
If I minify #MooTools more, v. 1.2.3.1 and try to use IFrameShim it's not defined  ... Even with nomunge, linebreak 0 and no optimizations
If I news SQL I could do not only Data Analyst roles but QA roles, tsch. 
If I only had a sno-cone maker. 
if I only had the heart.  http://plurk.com/p/ucg0o
If I pass the AP Test with a 5 that will be one fucking miracle... 
if I play anymore sims, I am going esplode, though 
If I poked it with a needle would it deflate ? I can feel my veins in my wrist swelling up as well grrr  http://myloc.me/24nX
I was about to wish my dad 'Happy Father's Day' but he is not at home 
i was actually looking forward for school, but until that came up, i don't find school exciting, at all. 
I was actually looking forward to a 5 setter 
I was almost done with the test too, I only had three more sections left  had to finish it @ home.
I was an unstable mess last night, and have battered legs to show for it. Seriously spent half the night falling flat on my face. 
I was at the pool 3 hours, first time this year!I love swimming, I could spend there my entire life.Not even one good looking guy, ufff 
i was at the supply store on base and the water flooded in about 2 inches high im soaked 
i was at the wrong walmart 
i was at work for almost 14 hrs today and i still feel like i didnt get enough done... 
I was attacked by what appeared to be a flying ant today. Bit me on the back of my neck. It's dead now. But the sting still hurts. 
I was awakened by my phone ringing... which brought me to reality... Unfortunately, reality consists of a heavy headache! 
I was biking, crusing, slicing, and then I fell. Now I'm bleeding 
I was biting my lip earlier and now it hurts really bad  make it stop.
i was blowing a balloon and it popped straight in my face.  i hate blowing balloons.
I was bored by SNL  #snl
i was bored so i tryed to poke a hole through the wall with my pencil and it broke 
I was born in Guam and traveled to the US by ship via Hawaii and Japan but was only 6 mos old.   been 2 Mexico &amp; Canada~wanderlust lives
I was born the day I met you, lived a while when you loved me, died a little when we broke apart. 
I was chuffed that Diversity won BGT last night, but my Dad was gutted about Stavros Flatley.  The little one reminded me of Chunk.
I was completely disconnected from the world for 2 weeks.... it's time to get back to the land of the leaving! 
I was creating an ad on FB for my author page, then realized it would cost me too much to get ppl to read my book for free. Nevermind 
I was crying while making these videos; sorry for shaking and halting voice  #tiller #p2
i was dead tired earlier and now I caught a 2nd wind!  Nothin poppin in Richmond after 2am! 
i was debating on whether or not to go homeward.. but i don't think i should.  should get my work done   sowwy thekatwong.
I was definitely overprepared and overdominant in that last class  The spontaneity of having to think on your feet feels somehow healthier
I was denied!!!  soo sad I misses you...
I was disappointed with the show this year 
I was doing the gardening and the strimmer broke! There's only a patch done now! 
I was drinking a soda in a party &amp; my glass had something WEIRD i ate it EEEEW 
I was driving aimlessly around SD because of a million detours around the marathon! Now I'm out in the boondocks in Alpine. What a day! 
I was dropped by my car insurance!!! 
I was eating a pizza and I took a bite - it was nasty so I jus threw it away - then I look to my left, a homeless guy, now I feel crappy 
I was eating spaghetti rings as you do &amp; the bottom of the bowl fell off ? what the hell lol? I really wanted them 
I was enjoying the heat yesterday but it's getting a bit MUCH now 
I was excited about a wedding this saturday until I remembered I havta buy a present 
I was excited when I got to catch an episode of House. Bummed when it was the one where Amber dies 
I was expecting a better turnout than the people here! 
I was expecting jelly donuts   http://yfrog.com/05l34aj
I was expecting the sun to come out today. I guess that's not happening. 
I was expecting to come back to my laptop to find that Becky had posted Tweets off of my name. Woo. My face is on fire. In so much pain. 
I was fast asleep; had 2 b here @8. 
I was finally able to import my contacts!! Woot woot!! There was no nap for me... 
if I say to u: I love u...u stay with me babe? 
If I see one more person offering anger management classes, I shall become exceedingly cross  humph!
If I see the sea I might pass out! It was a HUUUUUUGE platter, no joke. It is such a hard work to eat shell fish.I hurt all my fingers 
if i sell my car i could move over seas or something but where and i am to scared of being lonley 
If i sleep i'll lose weight and i don't want to ut my eye lids are drooping 
if i throw up 1 more time i hhave to go to the er fir iv fluids. i hate the er 
If I told you, you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?......Jennifer didn't get it.    Its ok though.
If I want to enjoy #awp tomorrow, I think I should stay in bed till saturday 7 PM 
if i want to take my freedom , i must to lose him !  never choose !
if i was allowed to walk at my graduation, right now i would be at the armory getting dressed into my cap and gown! but no. i am sad now 
If I was bettr lukin, Id get more monae for my bloe jobs 
If I was fully Aboriginal then maybe I would get a 50 in Team Snipers On Halo  Like Shattered Stars - Separatist
if i was going to camp i would've left this morning 
If I was rich I would buy those beautiful shoes I just tried on 
If I wasn't such a pig with a ridiculous sweet tooth... 
If I wear this dress today I definitely can't wear my rain boots  what to do?
If I went home today and found that my ersey had come in the mail, I'd so happy. But I know better than that. Boo 
if I weren't so lazy, it would be live right now  
If I wouldn't have had to work tonight (which I really shouldn't have) I would be at a b-day party. with cake and bbq ... 
If I yawn 1 mo'gen! Smh its to da point where im tearing now 
i was five cents short in my teller drawer today...sad 
i was gettin excited for training, and now i can't go, what a let down 
I was getting so sick of this lack of brown in my life 
I was given a list of questions to ask all guys  I date from jeff, Think Daria is mad that I asked soem of them 
I was glorious at 6.50 when I went outside, so why has it gone cold and cloudy now 
I was going to ask you for them! Wanted to call you last night but it was late 
I was going to correct the spelling mistake (kittie -&gt; kitty) in my previous post by deleting &amp; retweeting, but I'm not having brunch now 
I was going to go to a movie this weekend but the summer movies really suck this year. HUGE disappoinment. 
I was going to go to the Fabulous Fifties Festival this afternoon to ride the Ferris Wheel because it's baby-safe...now it's raining 
I was going to head home and watch game 1 of the #NBAfinals (recorded last night), but I've just had the result spoiled. 
I was going to phone my dad to wish him happy father's day, but he called me first.  I feel like such an ass. 
I was going to run out to Safeway and buy cupcakes (craving) but having seen how fat I am in the Winefest pics I think not... 
I was going to say something but people would think there's a pun. Anyway, my lower half aches from the gym. 
I was going to see &quot;the hangover&quot; but instead I'm living it  &quot;what does the weekend mean to me, CIGARETTES AND BOOZE!&quot;
I was going to the pool...but now it is raining 
i was going to tweet something and then i forgot what i was going to tweet about. 
i was going to upload pics from the wknd onto the book, but my camera decided to die 
I was going to watch tv, but the president is on. 
I was going to write a blog post until I realized that there's already a post by someone else with the same advice... 
i was going too, was in another country this year, so i missed out 
I was gonna get a new picture but I can't change it from my touch 
I was gonna go dig up some stumps yesterday, then it snowed! after a month of 50 degree temps, it's back to 30s and snow! 
I was gonna see my cousin in the hospital but my mom left me at the house because I was still asleep. 
I WAS GONNA SING HOT N COLD BY KATY PERRY @ MY SCHOOL TALENT  SHOW WITH MY FRIEND, BUT MY SCHOOL CANCELED IT! TRAGIC  
I was guna go visit victoria but she wasnt home  i havent seen her in too long.
I was hacked at MySpace. 
I was having an awesome dream  and then his phone was beeping in my dream just kidding it was mine in real life lol
if im still sick tomorrow ill actually cry 
If I'm up much later I can't get any ink. My body will not have it. It will rebel against everything I'm doing here. I cant find Garrett. 
if it has wheels, there will be trouble.  another flat tire. 
If it is meant to be then it will be. I guess all I can do now is live for me, and wait to see what the future holds. 
if it is meant to be, then it is meant to be 
If it rains tomorrow, I'm definitely *not* doing bike-to-work day: http://s7y.us/q99 Sorry @mercohn 
If it wasn't for bad luck I wouldn't have any luck at all! 
If it's going on like that, I won't make it to the BBQ tonight 
If it's gonna rain, why can't it rain during the 5-day workweek? Not the 2-day weekend! 
if it's summer, where's the sun? if it's vacation, why am I still here? I wanna go to California 
If its the person i think it is...why the fuck are they leaving a voicemail,if not..whoops im sorry lol i dont pick up withheald calls :/ 
If I've listened to something in the car more than five times, it will be cursed to receive no more than 5/10 reviews 
If malik bowls who will take those catches at point 
If mama is not happy nobody is happy 
If mollie was here, she would be sitting next to me in public speaking, keeping me awake 
If Morgan's sniffles don't go away, it looks like Lily the rescue kitten will need to go back to her first home. 
If my blkbrry were a human he'd be an extreme fighter whose been dropped 2 many times with a broken arm right now 
if my brother dont get his lazy self off the computer i shall attack him! i want to see the jb chat  im iterally losing my mind
If my calculations are correct , I'm late ...!  
I have been placing the same legal ads on these sites for weeks. Now they suddenly decide they are illegal and ban them without warning 
I have been removing malicious code from a website. We didn't code the site &amp; the dodgy code was added via infected PC not hacked server 
i have been running around after a 1 year old girl who happens to be my niece. just sat down. quite hungry tbh 
I have been rushing around ALL day and haven't stopped yet  Bin bags ahoy!
I have been sick in bed all day 
I have been thinking maybe it's time. Scary but I think that I'm getting closer to what I want to see happen. I hope I find the strenghth 
I have been trying to fall asleep for the past 3 hours now. The people out in the quad are not helping. FAIL. 
I have been tweeting @ddlovato for the past half hour and not one reply  shes such a huge inspiration to me i would cry if she replied 2me
I have been unsuccessfully trying to study for EIT exam for many months now.  Today is no different.  
I have been up all night with a very poorly baby. 
I have been waiting all day for the iPhone 3.0 update. But it will not happen as I live in Asia http://bit.ly/16V7R9  
i have been waiting for his reply the whole day... nothing from him. im really sad. being neglected doesnt feel good at all... 
I have body aches. I'm so uncomfortable  #LOFNOTC
I have both english papers tomorrow :O so much study to do  X
I have bronchitis 
I have bruises on my bruises...  
I have burnt myself  what a day! I also must apologize for lax tweeting, it's been 24 hrs!
i have butterflys for my project presentation next week 
I have camping tomorrow...TOO LAZY TO PACK. 
I have carper burn on my knees 
I have changed, and I'm ready for revising 
I have chapped lips, boo 
I have chorro. Damn beans! 
If my mom cheers for Orlando one more time.....we're gonna have a fucking dispute 
If my parents took pics at MY graduation, i sure haven't seen them. Oh apparently they didn't 
If my replies are slow or I miss them, please be patient with me. They are not showing up on TweetDeck. Having to scroll  #frinightfever
If my responses are delayed to anyone, it's because I am lagging some kinda bad  Sorry! Maybe the twitter shut down later is needed?
if my sister doesnt stop vommiting, i will puke myself or die of gagging!!! ahhhhh its so bad!!! 
if my work got any slower.. and i didnt need the money.. id take a nap here.. or leave and take a nap at home.. stupid tickets.. 
if officially single after 4.5 years 
If one more person ask me what happened to my ass I'm going to cry. I miss it too 
If only @tweetie for iPhone supported auto refresh and count indicators on the icon bar like twitterfon 
If only an investigation could convict Jacqui Smith, Hazel Blears et al. I have given up on my country; now it's just a corrupt cesspit. 
IF only God gave me the strength to Kill myself.....  
if only I had a big enough origami army they would help me 
if only i had blue eyes 
If only I had my Capo  
If only I lived anywhere near chicago  but I live in washington  d TheEllenShow
If only she knew....Thats all I'm gonna say 
If only she would let me fly on my own we would NEVER have this problem this always is why I can't go to London shows 
If only someone in town had a Lorentz rose for me... ah well. 
If only the new hp touchsmart was made by apple 
if only the shake shack line weren't two blocks long 
If only the wifi in this foodcourt covers all area 
If only time hadn't run out my Mechanics exam would've been awesome! 
if only you could see it from the other side. you'd be stunned at your necessity, at how very vital you are... 
if orlando doesnt win there will be no point in watching the finals...  so THEY BETTER WIN!!!!
If People Were Meant To Pop Out Of Bed We Would All Sleep In Toasters :\ ... Its Only 8:45 And Im Already Having A Crappy Day 
If Procrastinating was a class, I would get an A+. FML 
I have class tomorrow and tomorrow is Saturday, I hate having class Saturday  
I have come to hate processes and application lifecycle stuff  happy Friday all #wordcampuk Still can't decides whether to go or not 
I have come to the conclusion I have the smallest boobs in my family and am a member itty bitty titty commity 
I have come to the conclusion that Harry Potter is a tragic hero.....
I have come to the conclusion that I need a Dunkin Donuts inside my house.  I need more coffee.  
I have come to the conclusion that New Hampshire sucks. As does Maine. I miss Boston 
I have come to the conclusion that our Saturday orders do not get sent by RM on Saturdays 
I have cramps 
I have crap to do, but I think I'll just go to bed. My sister, dad, brother and nephew are coming tomorrow! Which means cleaning, blegh. 
I have cried all day  Oh well LIFE SUCKS!
i have cronick tooth ache and no money to see a dentist! 
I have ctrl + c and ctrl + v claw 
I have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!! 
I have dark spots on my eyes... I thought a beauty rejuvenation trick would get rid of them but google is giving me results on eye cancer 
i have de worst headache wight now &gt;.&lt; im mad and sad 
I have decided against a round of DDR....  I'm worried.  All the machines in San Antonio are either rigged, overpriced, or extinct...  
I have decided that there are definitely not enough hours in the day to do all the things I want/need to do 
I have decided to be like every other yuppie and join Twitter. Please add me as I feel rather lonely now having just gotten started... 
I have decided to decree that it is bed time... but no one will listen to me 
If recent experience is anything to go by, I fear I might be going off Indian food. This is not good, people. Not good 
If Reid has turned it down then I right to suspect he would be offered - however if the PM can't get good people to be in his Cabinet... 
if saks doesn't have it neimans does...and they did!!! stll sick tho 
If she'd said she didn't like them I could have put them on eBay or returned them to the shop as they weren't cheap 
If someone is following me and wants me to follow them I will  ASAP  but my comp. is broke 
if something seems too good to be true...then it probably is too good to be true 
If the 49ers move to Santa Clara life as I know it will be over 
if the Bachelorette is so lame what the heck am I doing watching it? 
If the 'rats get chopped up and end up in your porridge' rumour is true....I just round a tail. 
IF the reports are correct..that father of the Slmudog actor trying to sell his daughter...good grief. 
IF the reports are correct..that father of the Slumdog actor trying to sell his daughter...good grief. 
If the school raises salary $5, I won't quit...   It's a part-time job but not really a part-time for a musician.
I have declared tonight a movie night w/ Night at the Museum I, Wall-E, then some TOS.. wish I had company 
I have def been drinkin for more than 10 hrs right now merh! Love u andrew 
I have died soooo many times on this one queer level 
I have do u give them in return  
i have doc appt wed to do bariuom (sp?) swallow.  obvs for a reason  i knew alcholol was a bad idea.
I have done 50% of my work but the rest are essays  Boo 5th year
i have done nooo revision today 
I have done over 100 new tweets about #Squarespace and #trackle. I wish they would just pick me already 
I have done something horrible to my hand. Hard to grip items, sore, swollen. Still have more tiling to do. 
I have driven since 5:30 in the morning 300 Km and now I have to go for a 2h teaching 
I have dropped at least 5 cheese noodles on my poem and now its all goopy  poop. Im sorry ezra.
i have emailed a drama draft to my teacher!! hallelujiah! now all i have to do is maths and english.. 
I have felt sick all day long and I can't seem to shake this headache. 
I have felt so sick all week - my little suburb lungs do not like Atlanta's pollution  I need to move out of this city so bad ugh
I have fever,,,, 
I have finally left the comfort of my bed for a quick breakfast and work.  This is probably a bad thing. Also I close 3x this week 
I have finished the new layout but still haven't coded it. That unfortunately means it'll either be up tomorrow night or Monday 
I have flip flop toe. Ouch 
i have flu  the only good thing about it is the hot chocolate that my mom do.....lol
i have food posioning 
i have forgotten all about my juicy couture bag 
If the social web works on human skils,  http://tr.im/lzDY the #joomla code of conduct matters.  Balance of power to group, not outsiders 
If the suspects actually killed (or didn't) #Victoria Stafford why don't they tell police where she is? I don't get it 
If the tennis is finished I guess Murray lost then  http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/tennis/8005975.stm http://tinyurl.com/ccm29k
If there are any christian women struggling with menopausal depression or other symptoms(emotional) I'd love to get some advice!!! 
If there are any thunderstorms tonight im going to cry 
If there is a thing I hate - it will be RULES &amp; WHAT ONE MUST DO &amp; WHAT PPL NEED &amp; all that rubbish. Kills creative process at the start 
If there's hope, there's life. But there's no hope 
if they do it i will have double vacations and this is awesome too but at the end of the year maybe we have to take those lose classes  
If this is the future, I'm going to be sick 
if this is true, saaad day.   http://bit.ly/k13va
If this Kojima teaser thing doesn't turn out to be Metal Gear Solid 5, I'm gonna be very sad 
If this place could not even more white trash. Pregos white birch in the corner asking for a virgin piÃ±a colada, however she is smoking. 
If tomorrow is anything like today, I think I will need a padded room!!!! 
if u &quot;WHY&quot; me, I won't reply. It hurts. 
If u came to visit, u would have to eat a 5 dollar meal: hamburger, beans, chips, ice cream. Yea, not a rip off at all 
I have found the most awesome car ever! Pity it doesn't exist in Aus yet. Nothing will ever seem as good now  http://twitpic.com/7gbcw
i have four blisters on my hand now  ugh.
I have free passes to go see 500 days of summer on 6/24 in SF if anyone wants them. I can't go..ill be working 
i have go flu dont feel too good! 
I have got a bit of a headache..  boo
I have got loads of gnat bites! 
I have got such a sore stomach!!! At home sulking 
I have got such a sore throat... like, sinus infection sore throat. 
I have got the sorest back for some reason. about to take some painkiller. might have slept wrong?  gonna get some breakfast and play cod4
i have GOT to get a boyfriend this summer...i feel so alone... 
I have got to get my pic back on. 
i have GOT to get off the lush website, sooo tempting 
I have got to stop going to bed so late! Getting out of bed this morning was soooooo hard 
I have gotta get &quot;chainsaw hubby certified&quot; (translation=he let's me use it). The handsaw is like cutting a steak with a butter knife. 
I have gotten too addicted to Gaiaonline 
i have had 5 cans of 7up today, doesnt look like i am going to sleep tonight 
i have had heart burn all day , thats not normal for a 14 year old 
I have had it with powdery mildew and aphids.  So much for fresh baghali polo; the dill needs to go 
I have had plenty of good reasons to tell off my mother.  Today was not one of them... 
If U keep doin da same thing over&amp;over wit da same result, tryn 2 get a diff. result its insanity,but I'm this close 2 suckin my own dick 
if u know more then i do help me please im frustrated 
If u think that u can go to your moms house and sleep in: thing again!  I wiah my son would get better!
If Up doesn't make you cry at least once, you suck 
If ur listening to @nkairplay, you may need to refresh ur players b/c I just reset the server for JBlock's show. Might've kicked u out 
If ur my people and I should have ur number please DM it to me. My sim card died so I'm usin an old one 
If you accept credit cards, you should accept AMEX! C'mon... It's 2009! I think it's a bank-owned processor conspiracy against AMEX 
If you added me and I haven't followed you back it's because I can't. Twitter has a ratio so I have to get 2000 followers to add more. 
If you ain't tweetin' me ; you don't love me. 
i have had potentially the funniest weekend of my life. i am doubtful that any festival will top it!! too hot though im too burnt  
I have had the most awful morning in a long time  
I have hand cramps from trying to beat Aisling and Caoimhes Breaking Balls scores 
I have have to chose which cd to order off GK. Atl or fnb? Im leaning toward atl, i like their shirt. &amp; my old atl shirt has paint on it. 
I have hayfever so bad,my eyes are sooooo itchy!  
i have hccups.. 
I have headache =$ I still have to go to school tough 
I have headache....uh 
i have hiccups!  horrible.
I have homework to do, fiction to write, words to retain, mess to clean, but I really wanna do st better 
i have horrible blisters on both my feet. walking hurts.  i need band-aids...
I have humongous stys in both my eyes and they hurt like mess 
i have hundreds of photos in iphoto and now i cannot see them....  why apple?why????....
i have hurt my tongue 
I Have IQ Of 123 Only. 
I have joined the sore shoulder crew 
I have jury duty tomorrow 
I have jus given in2 twitter  shal see how it goes from here....
I have just been asleep for half an hour, suudenly woken up, idk why, was extremely awake, and decided to come on here, but now I'm tired 
I have just been notified by @oohheykate That I am a Scorpio NO MORE   I am now a Libra.
I have just counted 93 UNCREDITED pictures in today's Evening Standard. Shame on you. All staffers &amp; commissions seem to be credited 
I have just discovered that I am NOT too sexy for my shirt. 
I have just discovered that my heart isn't all hard stone after all after shedding a tear at the TV 
I have just done some CAD work, but still have loads of it to do, 
I have just founout we have study leave! But that means I missed the last day of our full day of school 
If you are a Grown MAN that is 6'5&quot; 250 lbs. and you drive a FORD FOCUS, I pity you. 
If you are going to have a bath, it help to put the stopper in the hole!  - DAY FROM HELL! WHEN WILL IT END
if you are under 26 u could get free tickets to theatres courtesy of Arts Council England -  http://ow.ly/7qdD . too late for me! 
If you ask me: I really like English. But I'm suck at it  Could you please help me xD
If you at Hot Topic watching The Union... I'll be watching from the crowd as well. The Fender head I was using went out... 
if you called me at 2 in the morning, needing a friend, i'd be there for you, tissues in hand, telling you lame jokes, erasing the frown. 
if you can find any college baseball scoreboard information on SI.COM you win, because I can't     sports fail.
If you CANNOT cook, puleeze DO NOT offer anyone your leftovers! Dude, my stomach hurt...smh UGH 
If you can't beat them, join them; I'm watching Britains Got Talent 
If you cant get a hold of me, it means my dad was a jerk and shut off my phone....  &lt;BlackRoseDying~&gt;
i have just got up, still very tired  want's to go out somewhere good today tho
I have just had a nap. My mouth tastes strange.  urghhh! Disgusting.
I have just looked the time and it is #BGT in 20mins. I may hibernate for an hour or so. 
I have just read the paper and i just dont get katie price. Its all so sad. 
I have just really, really splattered the bowl 
i have just returned from a beautiful holiday in western australia! i miss it already 
I have just sold my dignity to twitter and cannot figure out how to search for the person I signed up for. 
I have just tried for an hour and a half to get to sleep and nothing has worked...i was already for an early(ish) night 
I have just upset my kid by telling him he can't have the new X-Men Origins game as it has an 18 rating. 
I have left the building - last time I see my own bed for two weeks  still waaaaay excited
I have legit been taking notes this whole time. Kill me because I have one more chapter to go waahhhh 
i have let n-philes down  
I have like 5 welts on my head, bruises, and my hairs falling out. I just want sushi, a bed, and some good movies. This sucks 
i have like the worst cough ever now. 
I have lost my keys. Can't go anywhere and I've got a bunch of things to do today. Pretty sure they are at kyle's parents. 
I have lost the ability to work with music playing in the background. Epic fail. 
I have lost track of where I am with True Blood 
I have lots of homework yay! Planning, English, and studying &lt;/3 And it's so nice out too  Maybe I will study outside later.
I have lots of ideas. Trouble is, most of them suck 
I have lotssss of work to catch up on today  payback time! Really want to chill out with a film...
I have love/hate relationship with saturdays. love day off, hate that have to spend it doing chores/housework  need a cleaner or summat
If you change the meeting time from 8 to 845 you should at least remember to tell the person whos always 15 min early 
If you change the time zone settings on your MacBook, do not believe anything iCal tells you later. 
If you disable functions in JavaScript (using //).  Don't forget to re-enable them before you debug why they aren't working.  
If you don't have the guts to break-up ------. your not only breaking your heart... your breaking... mine 
If you don't like Lady Gaga, then I don't like you! 
If you follow me please follow my brother{pilotmouse}..... I don't know why. You don't have to. He can't access his account 
if you had $915 would you save it, buy a new fridge, or go to Dallas.make that $600. gotta buy school books for fall 
if you have a computer which isn't doing much (or a CPU core not doing much, if you're technical), get in touch? I need processing power 
if you have a tent going to waste i have a friend who needs a roof over his head  Thanks.
if you know how to use a flash based webcam site on linux, hit me up on Aim(oopsypanda) i need help. Can't use stickammmmm 
If you like s&amp;m, you prolly like the dentist too.  I just came from there.  
If you love me, or just follow, send some love to @skyeye1996. She really needs some support from the universe right now, however slight. 
if you own a pitbull, you must always keep it on a leash.  We just saw a pitbull attack a small dog in our complex 
if you really love me please never again said that!  you make me suffer!!...hahah the drama queen(moi) attack!!ok...
If you run in dress shoes expect to bleed somewhere. Ow 
If you smash a glass do you try and put it back together or leave it and save yourself from getting hurt? Its honestly my Favorite glass 
if you texted me within the past five hours, sorry. my phone died.  no texts or tweets came through. reviving it now. try me in 10 minutes
if you think they are unhappy now wait until they can get killed  http://yfrog.com/em16ij
If You Thought I Would Wait For You, You Thought Wrong...Monday Will Be The Last Day I'll See You 
If you upload a video onto a Blogger blog, can you enlarge the size of the video at all?  It is so small 
if you use groups in tweetdeck, not sure what happened but I have noticed a few people falling out of the groups, not sure why 
If you're in Vancouver, check out the catlow show at the railway tonight! Sweet music! Wish to be there myself. 
If you're wondering where my left-side side mirror went, its shattered into a million pieces on Avenue Road. I may have... hit a truck. 
If you've emailed or messaged me this week, I'm not ignoring you- I promise!  Just won't be able to catch up for a week or so- crazy busy 
If you've found a Sony Ericsson C905 in Colchester, it's probably mine. 
iFall and this time pretty hard 
ift to starbucks  whats wrong with me. - http://tweet.sg
igby &amp; oliver were great buns tonite @ the clinic. the most emaciated dog ive ever seen came in. i had to walk away so i didnt cry  
IGCSE makes me feel dumb and stupid  is that suppose to happen? Or am I just a weird-o?!
ign is loading half an image and GT is still buffering 
Ignorance &amp; discrimination rapidly spreading. Step 1: California, USA. Step 2: Alberta, Canada. All this is making me sad   #Bill44
Ignore that last post - damned hacking website 
ign's down 
ihadadream that the jobros were at my housewatching homeandaway with my family and then shortstack called but i had tohang up on them 
Ihate having all these random people viewing our house 
ihate when ur at the gym and the machine u wanna use is being used by someone else and they keep looking at u like ur stupd for waiting 
ihave a permanent frown and it wont go away 
ihave to do this stupid math packet but i dont want toooo 
ii feel all of the past models on the show shud be upset cuz these females are POPPED sorry  but blame Tyra
ii had fun [ii]N kemah...now bakk to reality 
I--I HATE STUPID FUSSY CLIENTS. I HATE YOU LIIIIIFE. 
ii Havee just found out Hannah Montana the Moviee is out on may the 1st in thee uk ... ii wanna go to thee premiere thoo lol  x
ii jus ask 4 ppl 2 say hi 2 me dang 
ii wish my german friends got twitter too 
iï¿½igo is not feeling well because of his teeth...boo! 
iï¿½m back from encounter with my best friend laura ... it was really awesome ... miss you by now!!! 
Iï¿½m fallin in... again. 
Iï¿½m frustrated, know that a-ha are in Berlin and i have to go to work 
Iï¿½m gonna pray for @RANDOMFAiL, sheï¿½s babysitting tonight. kids are evil!!! They donï¿½t like me  I think you all should pray with me!
iï¿½m happy maybe i found the one i always search but he did not write me now!!  had he forgotten me?
Iï¿½m having a blond moment!! Help! 
Iï¿½m having the worst day ever!!! I need a hug  !! Someone, hello??!!
Iï¿½m off to watch Pushing Daisies. I love that show and will miss it terribly 
Iï¿½m really desappointed...   
Iï¿½m sad JL of Lost is really dead, poor him. 
Iï¿½m sad. My nack hurts 
Iï¿½m sleepy, I have a ton of work and on top of that, Iï¿½m having a terrible hair day... I want to go home and back to bed! 
Iï¿½m so sad beacuse today it was going to be the JB concert !! 
Iï¿½m still learning for chemistry...tomorrow...exam.  and I have to pick up the new car of my sis 
Iï¿½m working at the moment 
iigghhtt, just fur geet it. idc. idk. eh blah ugh. blah idk... hah..=] um yah.. immboredddd, ugh  ill just fuckitt
Iight forreal goodnight lol I am putting my blk berry under my pillow I have a crackberry cramp  nite twitterlies
Iight people. I'm off this. What i just seen. Kinda hurt my soul a little.   l8tr!
iight tweets i gtg and hit the hay  good night
iiii wishh i was at the jb concerttt   
iiiii havent slept yet and i have to be at work in 40 minutes. boo 
IIIIIIIIIIII seriously dont know what im doing :/  i'll do it later   back to studying tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh TWO DAYS!
iim bboorreedd!!! hector-miller@live.com please add me!!i will die of boredom 
iim in school now.. we going to write a test in next lesson ( in math thadÃ¤us 
II'm taking a cabbie.. having major clothing issues 
IIM Trichy http://tinyurl.com/mwttag :LOL: They r looking for space btwn Anna univ and Bharatidasan univ.. I have no idea where these are 
ii'mm sooooo tireeeddd 
iinet in indooroopilly is playing up today 
iis gettin readyy to hop in the showerr..then prollly goin to bed. work tomorrow 8-5. 
iis suffering with hayfever  nandos with the gurls was DRO as usual! Now am off to bed my babys xx
iiz headed 2 fulton! Ma gettiin sum drank... Gotta headache out tha ass... ii need my baby!     -J3R0M3z-
ik its not good to be tied to material things, but im SO DEPRESSED i lost my ipod. i just wanna sync it to my itunes 
Ikea furniture is great! I just wish the product on display could be bought as is. It can be a real hassle to put some things together! 
ikes, new driveway and broken tooth = no sailing this summer 
iky weather for any downtown ventures 
Il pleut.  Pfft. And I desparately wish I hadn't missed this: http://lilurl.com/?alcjl #modcloth #fashion
I'l say it once, i'll say it again: i'll be glad to have a job just so I can go back to my normal grooming routine. I miss waxing. 
ill  and listing to radio 1
ill  not fair on such a beautiful day!
ill and bored... Someone feels like cheering me up? 
Ill and missing DT day at school 
I'll be a good parent LOL omg I have to feed  Him like everyday   http://twitpic.com/4hch4
ill be disappearing for awhile 
ill be gone su-sa next week...doesnt rly seem like any1ll miss me tho...it sucks...Zac &amp; Bella will...but is it 2 much 2 ask 4 friends 2? 
I'll be in bed most of the day. I hurt my leg. I can barely move it around ... 
I'll be laying low a bit today since I woke up with a headache that simply WON'T go away.  
Ill be lucky to get to las by tues 
I'll be out on the town for the millionth time looking for work this weekend..   
I'll be revising maths when it comes to #WeTheKings Birthday  but yay! it's #WeTheKings Birthday. Their 5th one =D
I'll be sad to see it go! shows like this only come round every once in a while. 
i'll be tweeting by my cell phone 'cuz i'm going to a family trip and i can't bring my laptop with me 
i'll be waiting a whole hour or maybe a whole day just reply to me plizZz 
I'll be working Harry Potter weekend, which is going to suck at Suncoast, lol....
i'll do follow friday a little later on...i'm busy taking over this lady's job. 
@jennsbookshelf Won't it be great when it stops raining so regularly.  The day after is always the worst on my sinuses too 
@jennsmalls. Hope he will be ok it sounds so pain full poor guy  I guess u gave to clean. Up now. So hard to wash blood up
@jennthompson10 sweet image! nice pics! have fun @ earthfest....i wish i was going. work presentation tomorrow 
@JennVerhoeven I know!  I'm sad! I want to be in Waco too! Maybe I can come visit sometime  hinthint hehe
@Jennvid they released good tix last week on TM. i don't have ur #, when I put it in my cell i thought it saved, but it didn't 
@Jennvy Hey sorry this is late, I leave in 30 min  raincheck...tomorrow?
@JennW I hope it doesn't ruin everything. 
@jennwagner no they can't...i have tried to send replies to someone i followed but didn't follow me, didn't work 
@jennwong welcome to China!   http://bit.ly/TOL5q
@Jenny_Ann FAIL. that means @thekin is probably in nashville too. jealous. stupid tour comes no where near here 
@Jenny_Araujo ughhh I missed it I saw the time and it was already 11:12 
@Jenny_cakes gee thanks. 
@Jenny_Mejia lol it was hell!! 
@Jenny_Stuart  i have to go learn spanish  and do loadds of homework, its crap (n)
@jenny_wade ack, my question got misconstrued. I didn't mean it that way. 
@JENNY_WiN me too! My ipod touch got stolen a month ago 
@jennybdesign @LogoGuppy not unless you choose to not show your work on the web 
@jennybean78 Girl, you shouldn't look at those ads.  I do that and it drives me crazy, because you do want to take them all. 
@Jennybeeean aww yeah...you're going to be all the way in South Carolina.  if it's in NYC, I'm def going
@Jennybeeean Ugh. It's on mj's too.  I feel so bad for David, hopefully he doesn't get hounded by the media too much...
@Jennybeeean Wish I live there, haha. Well yea but didn't get the chance to talk  Thanks Jenny! My friends told me we look alike haha lol
@jennybunnybunns Me too. I shake my head in disbelief probably at least once a day 
@jennycowan I'm so hungry right now. I even smoked a cig so I would lose my appetite but that was an hour ago 
@jennyDANGERR I agree 
@JennyDew if it was up to me i would've settle for the crappier tickets just to make sure i was there but its not 
@JennyDuncanDW1 LOL It was nice to hear him say &quot;Alaska&quot; but not so great that we wouldn't be included in the contest! 
@JennyFOD David Cook's brother, Adam, passed away this morning.  I passed along the info to DA already because I know they still talk.  
@JennyftBlockDEW ok u dont need to rub it in  j/k Lol
@jennyftw Id bring you one if I could 
@JennyGnow It is sad... I feel bad when I hear it. They look like mid 30's. It's like something u wld see on lifetime 
@jennyGOLD I loveeee the wedding date!! You're a lucky girrrrl haha watching that movie and on your way to disney  loll have fun!!
@jennyGOLD omggg have fun tomorrow especially when No Doubt performs  &lt;3 lollll
@JennyGPA still a lot of money though 
@jennyhopes   be posi! listen to #thesoundtrack
@jennyinthemix I stood in line for that show, but we were about 100 people too late! 
@jennyitup I brewed the last of my Highlander Grogg this morning 
@jennyjardine aw if you want i dno :L  xx hnk thtss wht jillian is geeing her dno tbh  :L aw kool never heard it i will listen,shower now 
@jennyjenanders well she was crackin up til I just put her in high chair for snack time 
@Jennyjens Morning Jenny!! Please add me to your msn. I can't and I don't know why....... 
@jennyjin89 hmmm poor Riley, that's going to be a very tough choice.  i wouldn't want to be in her shoes. 
@JennyJin89 Oh man!! That sounds scary!  Poor David!!
@JennyJS lol its going good have to get a new car  having car problems lol but its going. can not wait for the show
@JennyJS yes im there just read the link... was trying to ask how it happened but googled it.. OMG!!  
@Jennymac22 I was gonna go protected, but like the idea of peeps seeing my tweets? May have to resort to that though soon....  
@Jennymac22 stuffs good sweetie. Missing our chats though 
@jennymurder I hope your Mom is okay! I'm so sorry bb! 
@jennyonthego so happy for u!! That is exciting! Deric n I are still looking for a place  congrats! http://myloc.me/4xKF
@jennyonthespot What did you do to your teeth? They're beautiful! I need to go to a dentist.. 
@jennypark  Please don't make me.
@jennypotpie i canno find u on the space again 
@jennypoynter Aww They totally have to come back here!!!! lol i miss then so much  well if you know of anything comming up let me know 
@jennypoynter gutted for me  #hannahating. I must hate myself
@jennypoynter i did, i have a horny kitty  lmao
@jennypoynter I'm more of a public hate figure than skankie frankie 
@jennypoynter Nope, our school gives us nothing 
@jennyrevelle I watched a tenner fly out my car window once  that was heartbreaking!!
@jennyrevelle Sometimes it takes longer. You're lucky, I don't get paid til Tuesday! 
@JennyRosePetal Oh honey. I am so sorry for your mummy  I hope she finds another job really soon *nosetap*
@jennyrountree yay! where did you go! i wanted to talk more!  we need to get together again sooon!
@jennyrw it's the same temperature here in new york. i thought it would be warmer! boo. 
@JennysMyName basically. its being all weird 
@jennysneyd Not as much as when you have them taken out 
@JennyStarship no i need a new ipod. 
@jennysunphoto too bad you couldn't join  nevermind, there's always a next time! get well soon and get plenty of rest =D
@jennysunphoto u just discourage me..ur gonna do ur emails n PP at the same time n still race me? 
@jennysunphoto yes it's sad no one tweet about my talk 
@jennytbl I'd love to watch the movie awards, but I guess I can't stay up that late, or i'll sleep till 5pm tomorrow. 
@jennytranx3 what gifts? What candlelight?... What underclassmen.. 
@jennytsang your making me hungry and i just had a hench lunch not so long ago  (although to me its a loonngg time!) LOL xD
@jennyvier That sounds awful  And it would be Monday to boot  
@jennywaite You need to add consumer debt to government debt. 
@jennywittman yes we will watch...pick a night for talking mooseheads and will do it. Busy tonight 
@jennzillar yeah  if we're near a town I might try to see if I have service but I don't know if it will work.
@jenochej I miss the celcius scale... 
@jenp2 wow !! I'm lucky if iever get 5 hours  still mrs thatcher only ever needed 4...etc
@jenpacheco Well I say everyone else - I've just heard a lot about it! Hmm... not sure twhirl would work with our work censorship 
@JenPatch Will the cars still be old then? 
@JenPic hope everything get better 
@Jenreynolds25 Aww thanks Jen, it's just a cold but I get them all the time  and was worried I'd set off a thermal scanner at the airport.
@jenRIZZY my body hurts 
@jenrolton  awwwww  would a virtual high five make it any better?
@jenrolton  I want you to come, but alright then.
@jenrose28 Not all of Wilmington   Have fun though!
@JenSchaller I have tried to post on your blog but it won't let me 
@jenscloset it's Thursday here. And 4:11 am to boot 
@jenscloset Looks like it's just u &amp; me 
@jenscloset WOOHOO!!!!! nothing says a hot date night than a squeegee! LOL i'm watching Dora on noggin with my 2yr girl, hubs is at work 
@jenseals just more work for me.  
@Jenshwa good luck, if ur travelling on the 5N or S by downtown.... its backed up EVERYWHERE for MILES! 
@JenSOyoung Cus its new! 
@jenstoddart oh no, you broke your cherry? 
@JenSueLang Hey, it's Beck. I can't come to your show tomorrow because I work.  I'm so sorry, hun. I'll definitely be praying for you, tho
@jensykotic I had that book for 2 days then Kiel borrowed it then his dumb ex borrowed it and now she has it and I can never read it 
@jenthefangirl I feel bad for Hayden, she is talented, pretty and the Heroes cast is close, she is NOT the cast floozy  Adrian is married
@jenthegingerkid Should have gone book shopping 
@jentin2010 Aww  thats okay!
@JenTOR too bad he never responded 
@JenTOR Yeah, it's costing me $85. 
@jentwo Wow! What a cool bday thing! Maybe somebody romantic will do something like that for me someday!  and happy bday!
@Jenty Oh no! Sorry you feeling yukky  I sent you a message on FB with links to some pics I found!
@JenVu_s2 I have to present my grad. project! 
@jenwchiang I have a cold  I went home early. It sucked a bit
@jenwithpinktoes I was feeling really sad for you!!  Our Sindays are not complete without our Winchester Fix!!
@JenWojcik @SusanPowter @bookieboo - I'm sure it was a combination of the 2 - just couldn't afford the whole lost day 
@jenxstudios damn! That's so far. Hmph 
@JenYo mines was SUPER lazy. Although i did go for a walk but my knee locked and stuff and was pretty sore  Hows the holiday? xx
@jenyoseph http://twitpic.com/7o0j5 - Awww, poor sick bebe  I hope she feels better soon.
@jeorgina weather is cold here in glasgow too  where is summer?
@jeorgina Whoops, hit ENTER. Hating the fact I'm going to have a check-up on my bloody fingers later.  They are alive. 
@jepcke you got it on the nose! Of course they shoot the messenger.  Reformatted drive, upgrade system software, legal software licensing.
@jephjacques  the birthday girl didn't get a mean tweet...
@jephjacques I completely agree. I was so sad Wesley wasn't even born yet. 
@jephjacques I envy you drawing skills... I draw stick figures and it takes me 2-3 hours for a day's comic... 
@jephjacques man, its almost lunch here. o.o all the cons happen there  non here in Australia  at least your day was good heh
@jephjacques my three most hated words are &quot;see you monday&quot; 
@jephjacques There are 3-4, mostly on the INternet, Sat Radio, etc. SOme of the stuff they say is terrifyingly awful.   Both sides = FAIL
@jephjacques Think you're missing a line in Panel 2, man... 
@JephKelley - I had a spinal tap when I had meningitis. NOT FUN. The immediate aftermath was fine, but I was in pain for two months 
@jepriy: hahaha. Change of plans hun. But bad news. The hott bouncer got fired! 
@jeraa2t ok...didn't sleep well...def will need a nap later, but have to deal with some things first...gloomy here this morning 
@jercrowle let me know if you find my black Raleigh - it was stolen yesterday 
@JerCurr23 I'm broke right now. Gotta save my pesos because i graduate this year. 
@jerdawg86 it's just being stupid about directly sending updates to my phone 
@JeremiahDaws oh well... I know it was down earlier, and hoped it would be up by end of day...   I was wrong.  Still, perhaps later.
@JeremiahLee If you're ever in santa barbara walking around state street - all the brick sidewalk is cleaned weekly with water washers 
@Jeremih augusta georgia woop woop woop woop dats where I live yay!!!!!!!!!!! Have fun at the mayfest I gotta work. 
@Jeremih u in the chi!? We only got one nah 
@jeremy_butler I agree 
@Jeremy_Feist Now I'm sad I don't have it.   I think I'd pay money to see that. Cash money.
@Jeremy1018 you suck! 
@JeremyAkers yeah, i need to work out be4 I play 2day but can't quite seem to roll out of bed.  2 hrs be4 Event 34 nlh 1500
@JeremyBeguhn: And I love being with you, I hate when we have to part ways  
@JeremyBorash that was like 21 years ago.  ha. Never got a good picture with him though. 
@jeremycade You saw Angels &amp; Demons and it sucked? The book was a bit far fetched (time lines) but I thought the visuals would be cool. 
@jeremychone Can't agree more. 3G operators intent is lock u into an inferior service and we are drooling away at the iPhone candy 
@jeremycowart I love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore 
@JeremyCShipp Aah...pretty cheesed off...coming in late from day job and feeling really tired. Struggling to get things written at times. 
@JeremyCShipp I hate to be a flake, but I have to wait until tomorrow for your stories.   Today took unexpected turns &amp; got complicated...
@JeremyCShipp It was funtastic until the man in the long black cloak took them away 
@JeremyCShipp Poor you 
@jeremydmiller Completely forgot to ask to see the Html Extensions you were working on 
@Jeremyg423 i kno!  My daddys bday is 2morrow n he wants me go to Colombia sooooo bad i might say fuck it n plan a trip for next month!
@JeremyHentschel I want to watch all of the Harry Potters with you! 
@jeremyjantz I'll take that for what I've done 
@jeremylenzo aww. now I'm all sorts of depressed! I was making lunch for my dad 
@JeremyLinquist left for vegas 2 hrs ago, and i miss him already 
@jeremymonteiro thanks, it's a great city, I love it! (It's my first time) Unfortunately I finish in August so won't get to see your show 
@jeremymurray hey, thanks for the tip. yea, I tried that one before but couldn't solve anything 
@Jeremyrr  that is too bad, stranger.
@Jeremyscott002 not looking good 
@jeremythruber thats been happening to me too! i was sick on the last day of 8th grade 
@JeremyThurber It may be awhile longer before I get back up there. My car was making a really odd noise today 
@jeremytmoore actually trying to make that happen, won't be in the next year though 
@jereviens I thought Rachel Maddow did. 
@Jericcoband sounds like a rockshow to me. Wish I could be there. 
@jericjonm yes, we definately need to talk soon! i miss lola  btw, i promise i'll send you our underwater pictures asap!
@jeriellsworth Left flipper on my F-14 Tomcat stopped working..  Needs the Jeri touch.
@JerineYvonne i dnt think ill be able to mk it; sabrinas bby shower is today .. 
@jermyermy I think so. I hella thought you just hung up on  me. HAHA! i was like.. FINE! 
@JermzCrawford   why????
@Jeroen_krah keep me updated as I can't make it now 
@Jerome117 yep! freezing at work lol. 
@Jerome1978 My paycheck ran off to the wonderful shops that used it to give me pretty jewelry and presents 
@Jerome1978 nahh  but i talked to one of them the other day when they were calling 1000 ppl. i full flipped out xD
@JeromeSadou I've tried Carnival, Y's Ueno, Juice Kanda, Asazo, Blue Lug - none had the Nitto bars I want. 
@jerrawrme DON'T SAY THAT! although i got to order 7 again and then failed 
@jerricklim I've finished reading it. I've decided that revising Beckett might turn out to be a HUGE mistake if a bad question comes out. 
@jerridkruse ah that sucks.  are you bored?
@JErroch that so sucks  when did she get diagnosed?
@JerrodPreston lucky! too bad they aren't coming to fl 
@jerrrm today can not. meeting the whole day. gilaaaa 
@Jerrrral haha I know  FML
@Jerrrral wait, i might still go to water world. nooooo 
@JerryBroughton Hmmmm....Don't like that quote. Spend half my life discussing events  love Eleanor but think shes wrong here.
@jerryjordak They didn't have Hitchens' book either, FWIW. 
@JerryLundegaard it didn't work on my Mac just there when I tried it 
@jerrymannel no fun at all and the site keeps crashing too 
@JerryShaw that didnt work 
@Jersey_Gyrl omg domestic violence is so sad   I went to Hong Kong and some guy was beatin a girl at 2am -no one wanted to get involved
@Jersey_Gyrl smh... smh.. Niggas didnt even kno that shit could happen.. this is the 2nd time!!! 
@Jersey_Lil lol well didnt u just ruin my day 
@jerseybizzle and to see your grlfriend.... 
@jerseybomb juxx got bakk from jamaica it was fun next tiime come wiith me lo jessy really thinks nobdoy goin 
@JerseyGirlinTX I just got back from work, it's almost 3am     Obannons on Tuesday, definitely.
@JerseyGrl61 speaking of rain, what's going on here?! I had my heart set on the lake today 
@jerseymaids oh man  hope you guys weren't shaken up too bad!
@jerseymomma Good title - we're the only 2 playing 
@jertronic it wont let me 
@JerusalemBureau That's a big shame, as was his childrens' death 
@JerusalemBureau Yikes, Orly! Are you okay? What happened? And, um, Happy Birthday 
@jerusha Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
@jerzicua if she's from NYC and I didn't work with her yet she probally hates me for something I did or didn't do 
@jerzicua Sorry hun, my phone was kinda acting up 
@JerZmusic Be there soon, cravin' Katsuya and a In&amp;Out burger  Will hit u up, did u retire that sidekick? Lmaoo
@jes_cuh i don't have baby frank  thanks for the the star in the heart reminder though. Eh jk but he's not here 
@jes_cuh nothing dumb stuff as alwas u know the deal   It suhks
@jes_e ME!! mine exploded 
@jesarelisah oho you tooooo  .. try to sleep when you come home and you will feel better i think !
@JesaTM I'm sad I couldn't be there as well!  You guys should come to the High Praise concert Friday evening.
@JesCoolbaugh I hear ya. That's why I'm selling Elma in the first place. 
@jeseekuhluv Yea I think I waited to long. oh well. thats cool. I should have signed up for more but I'm already done with core classes 
@jeshopper i misssssssss you immensely, i feel like i haven't seen/talked to you in ages! 
@Jesidiab I enjoyed spending the day with you! Back to denny on Monday 
@jesirose I think I may need some cookies too 
@jesisnotreal I wish I knew of something fun going on tonight to help you out... 
@jesj4 Sad face 
@JeskaEatsBrains Idk about that but shes sooo mean to me  She makes me cry all the time
@JeskaReay Actually, I probably won't be playing because I'll be getting home pretty late tonight. 
@JESmakeup from my kids, I can barely move and I have my 3 y/o and 5 y/o both sick  I want my mom lol
@jesmes15 i love you and miss you. My dogs too. 
@jess____  that sucks. are you at darling park? want to meet for a coffee?
@Jess_Arias I'm so jealous! We tried to go see it tonight, but we missed all the last showings 
@jess_fish @vjsteel Booo. I don't think I'll be able to make it cos I'm last cut.  first cut is @ 11.
@Jess_Lambley Night At The Museum! I told my mum to take me and she decided to tidy her room instead 
@Jess4Leon Votedd =]] Man I Miss Him  Lol x
@jess7272  Every female I know likes Twilight. You destroy my faith in humanity...
@jess7272 Also skool wos ok..cathy &amp; i, &amp; will &amp; holly gt in trouble 4 talkn 2 much n asembly. Ms holland nearly sent us dwn n da end. 
@Jess92  really? ok.........fine...........go do what u need to do..... 
@jessabean normally I'd be totally down ... But meeting a friend. Sorry  next time
@Jessabuka TURN YOUR PHONE BACK ON OKAY 
@jessacuh  that kid is messed up
@jessakelly Covered reception for 1 hr. Answered the phone with an accent all the time 
@jessalexander Unfortunately, no; my only day off is Thursday 
@jessalina cont... &amp; people have to search it  - but we can put trending topics in our updates so when people search we come up haha
@JessamineKate Booo  Come online and play more often when you return!
@jessamineny I had a Live Aid t-shirt (that you got when you donated $$ during the show) but it totally fell apart years ago 
@jessamphetamine Sadly no! I wouldn't have anyone to go with, and my parents refuse to let me go to concerts alone. 
@jessas: Oh man. Sorry to hear that. We just had an accident a short while ago too. 
@JesscaESanchez me to I went to bed at 3 
@jesscarosello I have a headache too! And a stuffy nose  this week sucks
@jesscia305 OMG why are you sad? I didn't mean to make you sad w/ my post 
@jesscorrie aww  yeah YOU BETTER COME jk  i have solos tomorrow!!!!
@jessdan TY.  He was young too.  It sucks. 
@jessdavisuk im so jealous!!! you're going to LA and I'm stuck in an office with Mel  xx
@jessdenk we told him when he finished it lol u dint text me back either 
@jessdestruction wanted to do the same but was called out to a case. 
@jessdl23 too bad you didn't let me know you were interested I just sold my JB &amp; Jersey tickets a few weeks ago 
@JessDubb Girl.. I just couldnt put them down!!! im glad I read them... I'm sad they are over 
@Jesse heck, why not? Ole' wild west done in a soapy way...loved the exterior shots...I miss riding horses around Appalachian Mts. in TN 
@jesse_la ben's dreams make me so saddddddd  i want them to be togetherrr. i swear if this shit gets me bawlinggg, so help me..
@jesse3am I know, and my friend could find nothing online for kids like you, he said he searched all over 
@jesse82679 email me your number on facebook so we dont lose touch anymore 
@jesseBergthold esession sun night and umpteen million hours of editing  Sorry chica!
@jessebrent what the heck, I didn't see you 
@Jessee94 sorrry i didn't see ur reply! i was having a bad dayyy 
@jessegina hey jesse. i have somehting to tell you... its kinda personal. you have another person growing from your neck ewwwwwwwwwww 
@jessegoins the other day my iTunes kept getting stuck at a particular app during backup and I had to restart 
@JesseHall412 awww jessee  that's so sad!! It won't be the same! Love you and we better still freaking see you!!
@jessejane Hey u looked hot tonight, you left as soon as I sent the shot over?  u look so much younger n person.
@jesseleemusic Now I hate you and your feet!!!.... Go back to sleep with the rest of the world..love,the one who can't sleep anymore 
@jesseluna This video? (WARNING: GRAPHIC FOOTAGE)  http://tr.im/paKG #iranelection It's heartbreaking  There's no mercy!  ppl are idiots!
@JesseMcCartney a loooot of people, and I wasnt there 
@JesseMcCartney all the good seats are taken  will you be having a meet and greet?
@JesseMcCartney do phil or aaron have twitters? i couldnt find them 
@JesseMcCartney I can't wait for you to come to washington!! I have general admission so hopefully I will be able to see you!! Never know 
@JesseMcCartney i wish i could go see you tonightt  have a great showw!!
@JesseMcCartney i'm so sad you're not going to be at the new kids on the block concert this saturday in camden 
@JesseMcCartney Nothing in Canada yet?! 
@JesseMcCartney ughhh I missed your show in D.C  I feel sooo bad that I couldn't come, when's the next time you coming out here again??
@JesseMcCartney You really should come to Portland OR...it's been years since I've been able to go to a concert 
@JesseMcCartney, Heyy Jesse, please can you do some shows in the UK?! gutted that you just do them in America  x
@JessEmily18   Hope your stuff can be saved. Won't be online tonight after all cause I forgot I have to wake at 7 for work again.
@JessemynF well you didnt HAVE to update 
@jessereed bc we're watching a scary movie and i miss you and i wish you had of been online 
@JesserieJanelle oh yeah...that same friend that's leaving me next year? 
@jesserker Oh nice.  I want a Grecian boy to go to Grecian brunch with.  Unfortunately most of them are lost in a closet 
@Jesserueckert if you forget about twitter you are in turn forgetting about me 
@jesserye Wish this weekend weren't over.  What am I going to do without you for the next 8 wks?!?! I think I might go insane!
@jesserz sorry to hear that 
@JesseSwinger i use the software, haven't upgraded to an iPhone yet, so can't use the app  lol lemme know how it works on the iphone
@JesseW84 @MojoJojo78 hahaha thanks though I left early for a family party so I missed out on singing with the gang 
@jessfaith Unfortunatley no...off to dentist in a bit, also have caught the cold lurgy, so throat is killing me and i have a lovely cough 
@jessgirl I am so sorry Jess. Does laying down aggravate it? Is it affecting your sleep? 
@Jessgirl739 poor Danny, does he even belong to a Gang Member?! 
@jesshartley THAT SUCKS!   *hugs*
@jessheartstbs wait what? i'm a load of shit?  :p
@Jessi_lopez Oooo! I wanna go!!!! pwitty pwtty pwease???  hehe J/K...Kinda... ;D
@jessibridges really?!  I keep hearing that but every time I drive by where it's supposed to be, there is no progress 
@Jessica___xx i can't smile,i dunno how to atm  iloveyou xoxo
@jessica_bruce I'm cold! 
@jessica_graore awwwwww man i'm sorry! that stinks!!  maybe he did it by accident?
@jessica_graore oh i can still go to his page! i don't have to request him, i don't think...aww man that's weird, why'd he block you?  lol
@Jessica_Hughey me too  , Randy and Wade would be fun.
@jessica_meow haha silly fezz, its not ym fault i was friken bored all day  lol
@jessica_redman awesome i wish i was there but it takes like 7 hours to get to ldn by car frm  where i live  u lucky thing lol XD
@Jessica_Show haha i always have that problem!! im staying in this weekend  skint from last wkend! x
@Jessica_Stanley aw that sucks it's cloudy here not sunny  but ya we have good weather I guess what are u doing today ?
@jessica_zillig Oh crap, I hope things aren't bad 
@jessica5483 Okay I decided I'm out for Pride Fest. It's supposed to rain all weekend.    I'm going to the Apple store instead heh.
@jessicaajb i would have, but had no one to share the moment with. 
@Jessicaaxo oops. I meant to put an 's' at the end of massimo. I forgot to proof read 
@JessicaBrea lol- where in Georgia- cause Im right by the border...  unfortunately
@Jessicaca damn no way I can swing that. 
@JessiCaCa Hmmm.. I dunno if that would work either. I wouldn't get into boston until later that day.. FOOEY!! Sorry...  Next tour!
@JessiCaCa It's not looking good Lady CaCa. 
@JessiCaCa Sh*tI I just heard it from someone on here, do they say the reason?? 
@JessiCaCa well, you just answered my question 
@JessicaCabral even if i wanted to go, i have to be in LA and Anaheim today to cover graduations  this would've been my last one. sad day.
@JessicaCha  sorry. Don't worry that just means something better will come along
@jessicachastain 
@jessicadeli AAAAAAAAAAHHH. I'm dying. ) I am going all Barbie on you and turning red. :| I want to be in College. 
@jessicadeli I MISS YOU TOO.   Come to Makati. PLEEEASE. ;;)
@jessicadizer and what is wrong??? i've spent all this time venting to you and didn't even know you were pissed off? 
@jessicaduncan  how u miss ur mumma? she lives with u 
@JessicAE77 Why what? 
@JessicaFrieling Oooh Nooo!!! Mousy isnt gone?!?!?! That makes me sad  What are we gonna do about that guy! ha
@jessicagee7 i have restricted driving priviledges...  and i didn't even do anything. stupid double standards
@JessicaGottlieb I'm already in Brooklyn for an event  Will prob fall asleep in my beer. Perhaps you'll motivate me to see LA firsthand
@JessicaGottlieb yes, you do show up as partial feed and I don't know how to fix that either 
@JessicaHowerth ohno- I have such fondness for that place- afraid to even wonder what happened 
@jessicajor http://bit.ly/tlRiR  more evidence.  i dont want it to happen!
@JessicaK1994  i want one!!
@jessicalappen that is the worst! has happened to me before too, to one of my fave shirts. 
@jessicalarc argh, tell me about it!! 
@jessicalarkins Aww, J. Bummer. 
@jessicalenten Enjoy the coke and I left choc digestives too! I miss you already  V.jealous about your tinsletown trip, hope it was yummy!
@jessicalh07 Yep my prob exactly, stay up til midnight or 1am, wake at 4 etc 
@jessicalongacre I hope so too.  Like someone said, we paid lots of money to see JB, not Miley.
@jessicalongacre ohhh,alrightyyy,i'll probably just ask her whatever comes out of my mouth at the time,if i ever get through 
@jessicalouisee yeah, i agree, but a7x changed bc the isnger cant scream anymore and they switched to the warner bros label  i miss them
@jessicalowther Oh no  Now I'm sad...but I do like how they turned The Maxx into an arcade for Cut Day.
@jessicalynn724 I'm so jealous! I woulkd love to get a mani/pedi right now. Its been at least a year since my last one. 
@jessicamanahan good luck! 
@jessicamarilyn i know !  oh well i'll met them boys one day.
@jessicamarilyn nice nice!! online or disney channel?? and OMG you're so freakin lucky ur gonna see them on Sunday!! im soo jealous!! 
@jessicamauboy gee it always happens in Sydney 
@JessicAmber I wanna play laser quest...but I hated being at the mall cuz I was working 
@JessicaMF that's the same message I was getting earlier! Just a tad infuriating 
@JessicaMF Wish I could be at Squam.   Have a great time!
@jessicamloring Haha! I can't a good vid of it on tubey,you thugh 
@jessicamloring What?! I thought it was a day thing!! Fackk youu! You miss PE 
@jessicamullen Its really unacceptable when a roach is big enough to see it poop. Its really sad that I've witnessed the exact same thing 
@JessicaNaval asdkndfdriohdg you must buy :| 
@JessicaNorin yeah..  wierd that it doesnt work on vista :S
@JessicaNTurner oh you poor thing. I used to get migraines during my pregnancies with both boys (but not Lady), it's awful.  feel better.
@JessicaPinup  Are you okay Pin-up? Does this mean you're not coming for the Asia leg of the tour? 
@JessicaPinup aww i hope you get well very soon! Now ur missing the Asia tour  xox
@JessicaPinup care to send some inspiration my way  lol
@JessicaPinUp Hey Jess. Hope you're feeling better. Just saw the dolls at the airport. Really sad that you're not here with them 
@JessicaPortnoy Maryland 
@JessicaPortnoy Oh  In The South Or Up North?
@jessicaranda iya kakk,tp susah  thanks kakkkk
@JessicaRayburn by making all the games I loved, and TV shows I loved terrible. Producers make studios release things before they are rdy 
@JessicaRayburn I accidentally stepped on my Power Strip off button and now my internets are fucked up DAMMIT 
@jessicarbrown i don't even know what that means 
@jessicareather trust me i want to!!!i have to do this though. 
@JessicaRochelle If you really missed me, you would be here!!! 
@jessicarubin interesting article...i had planned on flying up to c a game but it's not looking so hot right now 
@jessicarubyoung =D  I'm sorry about you doggie 
@jessicasanchezz http://twitpic.com/6ffpv - i miss you too 
@jessicasharrah lucky! They're calling for another wash out here. 
@Jessicasimm I ran out of mozzerella 
@JessicaSimpson awwww that is amazing I miss my babies being little 
@jessicasimpson http://twitpic.com/3krpo - You poor thing. All of our fish died when we were on holidays. 
@Jessicasimpson I write u all the time and u never answer. Now I know how u feel when u get pulled down. 
@jessicasmithh you and @britanyyyyyyy didn't invite me. HMMPH  &lt;/3
@jessicaSoh When are you going to take me to the haircutting place of your people? I look like a lion.  
@jessicastrust Battery went flat - iphone not me lol! Bit distracted by having to revise 
@jessicastrust no problemo, u might wanna tell @PembrokeDave u said I'm nice, He's horrid 2 me, &amp; @dean_cummings who I'm ALWAYS nice 2! 
@JessicaSunner I won't go on vacation as well 
@jessicatebeest ya never got back to me after you go done eating whore! plus my phone died  let's get wet in this park on humboldt
@JessicaThorley lol k when i can be bothered. that guy i thought i blocked is talking to me again on myspace IM  
@jessicavachon ahh, no, sorry. Just read now, that's crazy!!!  I hope you recover quickly. Did anything cause it?
@jessicaveronica i hate jetlag too 
@Jessicaveronica MARRRRRRRRRRY ME! &lt;3 have fun partying tonight, have a drink for me, if only i was 18 i wud come there just to see you! 
@jessicaveronica NO DONT LEAVE LONDON FOR IRELAND  WE LOVE U MOREEE! &lt;3 &lt;3
@Jessicaveronica Smoking SUCKS!  I wouldn't do it. Ever. PS: I LOVE your bio on here, it's cute!  Please PLEASE reply, Jess! &lt;3 NZ fanxx
@Jessicaveronica YES jetlag is horrible. I've flown enough and i don't wanna do it again 
@Jessicaveronica You guys need to come to Georgia in the United States! I wanted to see you in concert! 
@Jessicaveronica You're my hero, a reply would seriously be amazing, I wish I could meet you but I never had the chance, it sucks 
@JessicaViberg mee tooo  Want a blackberry soo baad !!
@JessicaVickery  this machine will not communicate these thoughts and strain I am under....  
@JessicaXX234 poor bast~~d lost the data on his ex. drive.. movie footage from a december shoot. 
@JessicaYahn if i had cable i would 
@JessicklesFTW  no! Just go on hiatus  no closong
@JessicklesFTW  You have me worried... What's goin on?
@jessicuhx3 Awww yeah, Ill be in TX for SURE by the 28th.. ughhh. Jesss 
@jessid33 That sounds painful 
@JessiDavis_ because he stole you away from me! 
@Jessie_ATL i tried to comment back but my computer was being stupid.  sorry 
@jessie_rabbit why you hater button me   ?
@jessie619 oh.  d's mad cuz I told him and he didn't know. Haha. Uhhh yay reason to go to sd!! Haha.
@JessieBaylin  Ugh! I hear that! Low sugar is never fun 
@JessieBaylin i wish wakarusa was still in lawrence! but i understand why they moved. sucks that it's far away now though!   have fun!!
@jessiedoll school isn't the same without you,  .
@JessieeeS I agree! mmm so good, i miss eating it with you tho 
@JessieKaitlin Actually I was just thinking that our 20 month old could be using the potty by the time the prints come out as well. 
@Jessielou1848 moght come home sisyer is sick and yeah so standing in the rai. for houea went to nothing  no kevin
@jessielovessyou Lol. Awwh  Yeh its awesome!! You gotta watch it! xD
@jessielovessyou me too 
@Jessieluvsjuicy haha I'll try! And I miss you too, where have you been?! 
@jessielynne  aww that is so sweet! I wish I lived in chicago   I wanna help!
@jessienicole Have fun! Tell myrtle I said thanks for bringing me  Ha.
@jessieos  yes but i'm missing out on stuff.. weirdly i wanna be @ school
@JessieRitz haha I'm just going to dig thru my closet and wear blue and white. I'm broke 
@jessierosexo Ha I'm the same! I've brought a nice chocolate brown hair dye and its sitting looking at me  eeeee nice  ....
@jessiesaly oh no  I hope you feel better for tommorow
@jessifanfic I hate when that happens! Mine's acting up all the time. 
@jessifbaby oh i know right? I'm just gonna go cut myself to some gorillafight now.  \m/
@jessiheartsu me too! I think it's the pig flu 
@Jessiica15 Lolz. I wake up at diff times all the time now! The sun keeps waking me up at 5am. 
@jessiiccaa idk bb. i had to borrow money to get by this week 
@jessiiemcfly I wish I was seeing McFly too. They're spending way too much time in other countries and in forests far away from my house! 
@jessiiemcfly oh but that girl  but AIDAN!
@jessiiemcfly OH NO!  i bet the jonas brothers are inside it x
@jessiiickka haha I guess   but damn trying to get into concession part time right now...
@Jessiimiica Ok now I'm upset. Bleh I wish I could like be with you 
@JessiJaeJoplin did you get them from california vintage? ahahah they have the BEST dresses, i want them but i dont have ebay 
@jessikasun awww  goodluck on everything! and I hope you won't have to stay up hella late again boo. take caree&lt;3
@jessilynn15 me too  for a different reason tho :/
@JESSIMTV first dibs for tickets for Live with Lauren Show? They were all gone even b4 u announced it on Twitter! 
@JessInADress i know they should of but they didnt.   i want to give them a high five. its funny
@JessIndia looks like he may go a set down 
@jessissocool and NOT talking to me! boo  ghey
@JessJamez no more myspace  .. To call me
@JessJubilee I was just near there looking for something to do 
@JessJubilee I wish I could have, but the night is already over homie.  I asked her to play No Money For Guns, but she didn't have it 
@JessJubilee only 13 hours to go!! I didnt see you to give you time warp pills 
@jesskarrr haha.  but you still get 2 weeks holidays
@jesskathleen aww omg sad!  poor little thing 
@jesskiddding, ive never eaten a table before. Fyl i thot thats how you play..... 
@jesslandolfi You're on the deck flipping burgers, I'm in Kinko's straight flippin' copies. 
@jesslaz for a first and ryan, prob spamalot or avenue q instead of rent.  you're going to break him 
@jessleedham my cousin went to the airport in melb to meet gaga, she said gaga had a tone of sercurity &amp; didn't stop for fans 
@JessLeighJDM ahhhh your pic is so cute. I miss you and the brodster  im coming to visit you asap!!
@jesslin I picked up a shift for someone on wed at 5:30  sorry
@jesslo24  daww.. yea.. they sold out of the good stuff..  that purple one i got to awhile back!
@jesslo24 Oh no  Im sorry! I cant believe he didnt say anything to you
@JessLovesButts at least you got sleep!!! i've been up since sunday morning 
@jesslovespanic as do i!! 
@jesslovespanic Nawww, whats the matter? 
@jesslovespanic Why you are so depressed today??? 
@jesslowe94 why what happened? 
@JessLuvsTay mee too!... and when peple wear flip flops and socks  blah
@JessMami I really wish we were coming! 
@JessMami you didn't even miss me 
@JessMcFlyxxx  you alright? x
@JessMcFlyxxx awwh, poor you!!  my little brothers have a cough. they better stay away from em!! lol. xxx
@JessMcFlyxxx i know, sat night tv is crap, wish I could see mcfly tonight, its all gonna be over so quickly  I get distracted easily :s x
@JessMcFlyxxx no, i've got it. i can't find flones pic  xx
@JessMcFlyxxx We were close behind!Wish i could c them more often but just dont have the time cos of wk etc. 
@JessMcFlyxxx yeah exactly its just disrespectful  have fun tonight  are you taking a banner? x x
@jessmendoza Amy Hughes here! Hi to all in the booth ... GT is stuck. What's the score? (no U on our cable) 
@jessmendoza I agree, I think she was safe too.  I wish I was there in person, but moved away in Dec.  
@Jessmicuh You make me so sad  I don't know when I was supposed to call you so i didnt i'm sorryyyyy but i'll do it later if you want?
@JessMiddlemas Really!? I didn't know that  It's gonna be rubbish without him x
@jessminky aww too bad!  do u know what Karma is? on HF i dont understand the big deal around it
@jessnichols  Congrats on your new jeanage.. I tried to find them on Friday night but my detective skills were inhibited by beer 
@jessNOLA Say hello to Melissa Bennett (@insurants) 2nite at #net2no. She's a first timer and co-worker @HartwigMossIns. I can't make it 
@JessObsess I was telling fan girls how Kate and Ryan AREN'T dating, and how Kate wasn't the one Ryan cheated with  (i knows the truth!)
@JessObsess ITS NOT FUNNY!!! It's SAD! DUDE! He was escaping from a horde of screaming fan girls!!! 
@JessObsess LOL. People are having a go at me, y'know... panic fans 
@JessObsess Same! Lmao. Yeah, but it took a while for them to follow each other, and there never together in real life anymore 
@JessObsess yeahh! she protected all her updates  and i think bdens type ryhmes with smemma smamilton ;)
@jesspgh the A.P.C. cardigan i want is 50% off!! but i still can't get it right now 
@jesspowless GASP... that sucks  Sorry for your shoes!  You should make yourself feel better and go buy 5 more pairs...
@jessrawk Corporate synergy barely ever works. 
@JessRiva - couldn't agree more atm sweetness... damn boys. 
@Jesss_x I can't, my throat is killing me and my feet are still recovering from yesterday 
@jesssaywhattt I knowwww  she yelled at me saying shut up! I go at my own time you don't tell me what to do
@JessScorpio I meant those last tweets for you, but sent rape &amp; spaz to everyone in the world... Oops! 
@JessScorpio It's evil! &amp; the number the NHS gave me 4 an emergency dentist isn't even 1! I now have 2 wait till 8am on Lundi! Paaaain  xx
@jesssicababesss can you report her account? Lol i would but i'm not on the comp 
@jesssicababesss It was on youtube but it's been taken down  There's a 30 second preview though http://bit.ly/H04Ie
@jesssicababesss No, i told my friends but they were to late in getting the tickets..  Im going with my sister
@jesssicababesss That sucks! 
@jesssicababesss your soo lucky! I finish in  the begining of July 
@jesssicaraymond thunderstorm...? i fricking woke me up... now im in a grouchy mood 
@jesssieec meeee tooo  fakkk chem
@jessssssTHEbest oh FAreal! Yeah yo! We didn't even go 2 prom  we didn't have ne school spirit lol
@JessStar_x whaaat? Not even Abi? 
@jessstroup hi jessica. can't for the next season of 90210! i wonder what will happen to silver &amp; dixon and i hope that ethan will stay 
@jessstroup Lookin' good as always in that pic w/ @bitsnow...I'll miss Silver for a while after Tuesday's season finale. 
@JESSSUPERIORENT UHH FORGETTING ABOUT ME ? SMH  LOL
@JessSuwandi @Angela_aA yeahh! 
@jesstar619208  im wastin away!
@jesstar619208 @jtimberlake @britneyspears the world has suffered a loss because they would have had cute babies 
@jesstar619208 i really wish @jtimberlake and @britneyspears never would of broke up 
@JessTizzy Ya come here!  Cuz xbox live is down and I'm bored and I haven't seen you in a LONG time 
@Jesstjit i wanna tp my friend told me to go from like 2 bulan yg lalu! hahaha. aduh  COME DURING UN TMR 
@jessudd sorry!!!  How many people do you expect to come Saturday?
@Jessums31 yup its working. they couldn't recover anything on it though 
@JessVanDen Yeah I don't think I like it 
@jesswags aww is she okay.. 
@JessWeeee no way lovely!!!!!!! When do I get to see you again??? 
@JessWeeee only not me 
@JessWill917 why wont you follow me 
@JessxMaxine ANIMAL CRUELTY ! Hahaha . June bugs are fucking sick . I remember I had one in my PJ's once &amp; it was hissing at me ! 
@jessybear19 ya i like it! very nice! i wish i was doing ur wedding hair 
@JessyBR aww, tests suck  finally finished my school year last week. i'll follow you too. now, sleep. you are getting sleepy...
@JessyDK Why'd ya ignore my text, I was being nice 
@jessyel OUCH! Finally caved last year &amp; switched 2 digital. Tough break about lost rolls 
@jessyessie ugh, everything right now  this boy makes me wanna scream. That's what I've been really upset about.
@jesszlatos yeah but now its raining!!  gosh!!I hate this weather.
@jesszlatos you miss me? oh really huh..haha! i miss you too. i miss you so much jess!  even though i want to get on,i really cant..(
@jesszlatos yr almost 100 whiile iim almost 30  you got 50 followers damn it !
@Jesszuber flight is delayed until 1015!!! I was already enroute 
@jestdempsey Fleetwood Mac canceled at the last minute here in Cgy due to illness.  Some very upset ppl who arranged flights/hotels.
@jestdempsey oh oh... that makes me sad  lol
@Jester512 Hello, Hello!! I do Believe I Probably Missed you Again my Friend   Darn It !
@Jester512 Im so sorry, i was helpin mark with some stuff after the show &amp;never saw this tweet reply until now,I feel bad  Thx 4 listening
@jesterjay  hey Jay  the Black Jack game on the CHFI site is inop 
@Jestess65 I wish I had the day off. Some people have all the luck.  
@jesuischele Oh no, how come? 
@jesuisloser I need to shower but the water is too hot 
@jesus_iscomin  Maybe I am being judgemental and it was everything they wanted?
@Jesus_M_Christ  I was just asking ...ok 
@jesush219 That is not right.... I got to go to Taco Bell  hope all is well. Take care
@jesusiswithyou  go away jesus.. i think you should change your picture too   http://bit.ly/4z77wy
I'll find out next week if the liked me, but the job isn't until aug, 
I'll get alot of sewing done today, no TV   the bulb burned out so waiting for a new one, hopefully in a couple of days.
I'll going to Claudia's house, I'll sleep there. I really miss my baby 
I'll have math class and physics class.....     I'm very busy!!!!   I don't have FREE TIME on weekends!!!  
I'll have to call about the receptionist vacancy in a minute. I'm thinking about what to say. Last time I didn't get a call back 
I'll have to do some Physics revision today... such an anti-climax to prom... 
I'll have to find something else to do while it's down. 
I'll have to put this is the lessons to be learned category. 
I'll have to re-do the whole project if i am. I deleted the whole of my uni work when i wiped my comp  by accident of course.
I'll have to say no... 
I'll have to wait till next weekend to see the new Star Trek 
I'll have to watch Tatort alone  All the fun of watching Tatort is to start discussing who did it and why 2 min into the episode.
Ill have to work that day though 
Ill head 
ill I don't talk about other people but this girl looks very dirty. I thank a sad face is at hand  why why though not 4 girls.....
Ill in bed (have been so for several days) 
Ill in bed my stomach is killing me 
i'll just have my massage somewhere then... somebody's not following some rules here.. 
Ill just have to get my san jose tomorrow.  I'm starving.
i'LL just take a rest now instead of using my pc,gonna die,i want to surf!!i cnt even use my ipod to go onLine ,wi-fi cons.weak.badLuck 
I'll make the stickam chat up asap I promise! gotta figure out why the internet is bad 
Ill mike is ill. 
I'll miss #asot400  
Ill miss anne-ju this week 
I'll miss Cydia and Winterboard in the meantime.  
I'll miss its lists, songs u should download, music trivia, jokes, think outside the box interviews, &amp; upcoming artist recommendations. 
I'll miss Joseph when he leaves for Lebanon 
I'll miss my grandfather.  But, I know he's happy wherever he is now.
ill miss you 
i'll miss you cris!  I wonder who can replace THE CRISTIANO RONALDO... the jinxed #7..  love u cris!! =( =( =(
I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO! 
i'll not comeback! ALLTHOUGH it hurts!, you have to learn you lesson!, you broke my heart, and you kissed her! 
i'll offline for 2 weeks,bye twitter 
ill on tests week 
Ill pay someone mucho dinero if they can help me find my voice..I lost it and I need it for work tonight . 
I'll pay what ever you want I need a massage..  my shoulders and neck...
ill post my moral ?'S of the day tomorrow around 7am ish pst  kinda tired but not sleepy 
I'll post the anwser tomorrow which is the last day of Spring Break 
I'll probably be studying for most of the day 
I'll probably get murdered a thousand times over by everyone for saying it, but I hate Harry Potter.
I'll probably miss most of the E3 conferences today.  Going to see Up with Megan, my mom, and grandmother, though! IMAX + 3D, woo!
i'll read something, and it's all about the jobros ....... 
I'll see what the GP says. Probably a long waiting list to see a specialist. Ah, the Scottish NHS!  Like the NHS in England but worse. 
ill so i cant go to the cinema!! 
ill stop tweeting, gotta go learning. 
ill stop with the celebrity creepiness. Ate too much crap today  gonna run and drink more water tomorrow!
i'll take a bath now! i don't want a quick shower anymore! i think, 24 hours a day is not enough for me! Yeah yeah yeah!  
I'll take with me the memories to be my sunshine after the rain. It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday. 
ill talk to you all later  lol much love &lt;3
ill test you if you want but i gotter get off computer 
I'll try my best to work something out here... For the meantime... GOODBYE, LOVE. 
ILL! ILL! ILL! COUGH! COUGH! COUGH!  I hate feeling like crap =/
I'lll be in Melbourne the day that HP6 comes out, AND during the period that my dream employer requests I be available if I'm hired  Lame!
illl! photoshoot didnt go to well tbh 
Illuminati - they changed the ending  I liked davinci code better.
Illustrator is killing me. Someone please press follow me and check what I'm doing okay? Or else Twitter is of no use 
ILOVE ESCAPE THE FATE its a shame max is gay  i cried
iLOVE: Chelsea Lately || iHATE: that on Saturdays they ALWAYs replay an old episode not a new one 
ILP is dealyed due to rain. 
iLY NiCK foreverr and alwayss &lt;3 i miss youuu 
ilyy 2 angg...carlies partyy tommorroww thenn bbq on sundayy...thenn i guess byee byyee jerseeyy 
i'm  here at work with a bad migraine...              
I'm  hoping the tea doesn't win in my recent tea vs mac book episode. Will need to manage for the next couple days 
I'm  in a perpetual state of being in new York time... Buzzing and wide awake  il 3am most nights, wrecked the next morn til at least 1pm 
i'm  not aloud to watch tv cuz emma is studying! and maury is on  and i'm to sick to go anywhere.  and all my friends are away places 
Im @ this forev21 in lkwd &amp; they apparently dont carry sz smalls. 
I'm @ work 
I'm 0 for 2 on anyone noticing my MUJI socks though... 
Im 100mb away from dial up speed 
i'm 17 so i can go to see any djs playing in clubs  #asot400
Im 2 seconds away from smacking this little boy who wont let Isa go down the slide 
Im 24 Today!!  and its raining 
I'm 27 and I have my first ever cavity.  
i'm a bad daughter, i didn't get my dad xmas or bday presents this year and i forgot it was fathers day until it was on the radio.. 
I'm a bad pagan, though. I don't go out and celebrate the Sabbaths anymore. I have to skip Lughnasadh festival again this year  busy.
I'm a bad Tweeter.   I don't really have anything to Tweet about.  Maybe I should let my cat join Twitter.  She's way more interesting.
I'm a bit concerned about the nasty smell of burning coming from the washing machine :-/. And it hasn't drained 
Im a bit hurt that aburke didnt call me to go to lunch.  Melle
I'm a bit tired but a nap is not an option 
I'm a bit under the weather, need some TLC 
I'm a bronzed caramel mocha frapp :] Thank you sun! Pray I stop peeling though 
i'm a bum today 
i'm a celeb USA isn't the same without spencer and heidi 
I'm a celebrity get me out of here USA is really cruel  x
I'm a commuter again  http://twitpic.com/6e30s
Im a confuses little puppy 
I'm a crispy critter  ouch!
I'm a Degrassi addict now  I love Canadians!
I'm a Developer get my out of here!â€¨â€¨Had enough already 
I'M A DOG LOVER  now everytime I look at my dog I think of Marley!
I'm a failure at baking. The things I baked got burned, and so did my fingers. It hurts to type 
im a foodie and i really dont care wat the world thinks!!!!..ok who am i kiddin..i doooo 
I'm a fucking doofus today 
I'm a full on dick head, feel free to kick me 
i'm a gluten for punishment...they're now playing: hew there lonely girl...lonely girl....dont you know this lonely boy loves you.... 
I'm a horrible, drippy vector of infection. I'm sorry.... 
I'm a hot mess for sitting here and eating on my bed smh! But sitting @ the table by myself just feels so lonely 
Im a hungover bunny 2day 
I'm a jerk &amp; missed Addisons b'day party  I have her presents though! You going to be home today?@princessmeegan
I'm a lead farmer motherfucka! Watchin Tropic Thunder &amp; takin care of sick baby 
I'm a lier , I lie 2 my bros... my bros  . I cannot b trusted by any1. No1 should ever believe me evr... new nickname= fake
I'm a life fail. D: Forgot to blog y tweet. For 24 hours. 
I'm a lil bit sick   Boo.  Don't want to go to therapy tomorrow... I didn't do my homework.  Time to bs an excuse as to why.
I'm a litle miffed off i didnt get my new guitar today 
Im a little behind...missed the MTV movie awards so I missed the New Moon preview   **Lo**
Im a little bored being locked in my room is not fun 
I'm a little confused 
im a little disappointed with amber and the other skinny lil white girl at dunkin this moening 
I'm a little disappointed with the outfits at the MTV Movie Awards 
I'm a little dissapointed because I am missing the (Hed) P.E. Concert that is going on right now at the Key Club in Hollywood 
I'm a little embarrassed to admit that I'm really sad for Jon &amp; Kate.  (Especially after this: http://www.sixgosselins.com)
I'm a little miffed, the store was out of my favorite cookies  Sad, sad me.
I'm a little moody today. And then not even Hank Moody. 
im a little sad this evening..things didnt go as planned  will i ever get to have some fun while im in the atl..... very long day tomorrow
i'm a little sad. a little happy. a little of everything. missing my besties from EC  ......reading breaking dawn before bedtime.
I'm a little sunburnt  Hah, today was nice. gonna go eat something, then get a shower, then lay down. 2 more weeeks left ! ahhhh,
I'm a little Tired, I'm a little WIRED! And I'm still hungry  not from the reggae..I mean it WAS playing but its now another day
I'm a little tired. Don't know why. Maybe I'm coming down with something. 
I'm a little upset at twitter. I made an update on my phone and it didnt post 
I'm a little upset that I'm working on the night of @TheTonyAwards.  thank God for DVR or should I call in sick?
I'm a little upset...he didn't stop calling until I woke up  Is Arizona considered long distance?
i'm a little worried about my physics regents  stupid
I'm a little yellow fish, in the big blue sea!! lalalalala..bored .. alone at home  is there any one how has some news!! &lt;3&lt;3
i'm a loner 
im a loner now  x
Im a loner now.. Gauney bascially kicked me off the comp.. I wanna chat 
I'm a loser who needs a shower.  I also...should clean up the room. Eh!
I'm a lot more nervous about what's going on with me... Going to try get into the dr tomorrow. ASAP. It hurts &amp; I'm scared. 
i'm a mess. my head is spinning and i'm confused.  not a good day
i'm a mobile germ today      please be nice to me or i might come lick your face.
I'm a multitasker- getting dressed, drinking hot ribena and twittering all at the same time!! School now 
I'm a ninja! A sniffly ninja with a cold  .... so my sneaking is not up to par at the moment.....
I'm a one sad girl... I don't know what's the problem. Everything feels so hard right now. 
I'm a pincushion 
im a planning person yet all my plans are getting f-up, some1 help me 
im a pro at bbqing like. everyone loved my food, apart from the tesco man who said he was in a rush  mabye he didnt wanna be poisoned? idk
I'm a really horrible student 
I'm a seinor now so I'm thinking about college and it's making my head hurt 
I'm a selfish idiot. I've managed to do some stupid things this weekend. I'm just sorry. 
I'm a senior. I should of been already. 
I'm a sick Court  stupid ear infection
I'm a spurs fan and so is my family, except my little brother  http://twitpic.com/6bazg
i'm a sucker for celebrity's &amp; their live chats  it's sad lol
I'm a sucker for wild police chase videos. However, I really want to go out. 
I'm a tad anxious about this morning's dental hospital appt 
I'm a teacher again! Bored of it already 
im a terrible bowler, i got a 62. internet was still down 
I'm a whore. 
I'm a wild and crazy guy.  
im about done.. which sucks 
I'm about hating Twitter right now.  I'm unable to follow anybody I try to. I know this media is free, but sheesh! 
i'm about to cry 
I'm about to cry. Why is it that hard ? 
im about to do homework! just need to wait for my food  im hungry 
i'm about to fall asleep and i still got about 6 1/2 hours of work left... 
I'm about to fall asleep. To bad I can't 
i'm about to go break a heart   wish me luck
I'm about to go home and die. My cold has moved to my lungs. 
im about to go home and get into my bed all alone ...   
Im about to go into highschool, and the last time i was kissed was last summer. God, that is so sad. 
Im about to go out with the fam and do what we do ! Need some new shit running out of the cool shit 
im about to go to boring school 
im about to go to school to take that science test even though i don't know anything about science so wish me luck!!!! 
I'm about to head south for the night. Work will be waiting when I get home I guess  Work stalks me!
I'm about to leave within the next hour, I don't get signal out there which sucks  sooo....
I'm about to make a three hour trek to the airport and my little 6 y/o sparkle has an upset tummy. 
I'm about to mow grass in a few hours 
I'm about to pass out 
i'm about to passout. i think i'm slowly dying...  i can hardly keep my eyes open rite now.
I'm about to pop. Dinner at Maggiano's with the wifey sans the kids. I'm ashamed: no more room for martinis! I'm so old...  
Im about to record a couple of new songs. well only 5. then im recording some live sessions for @girlgoneganja since she left us already 
I'm about to set out on the 9 hour drive back to Virginia to start my summer of.... work 
I'm about to start driving home today, not really looking forward to the long trip...14 hours! I miss Nola already 
I'm about to watch batman, I'm such a boy. rip Heath ledger 
I'm about to watch Season 2 finale of Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. I think I might cry at the end knowing there's no more!  
Im absolutely bored wish there was a bball game on rite now 
Im abt to hit this drive thru &amp; cop a bottle of Nuvo...we gone celebrate my new jobby job, hate its on the North though 
I'm abt to roll this stupid fruity loud pak up and smoke 1 2 da face!  in the crib dolo 2nite...to sick to go out. http://mypict.me/4B0s
I'm aching all over. I have massive blisters on my feet from footy y'day. I have p-p-p-p-panda face. 
im aching in places I didn't even know I had inside me  &lt;/3
I'm actually a work right now haha it's good. I start summer school on Monday though 
Im actually being lifeless. i just joined here, and im not sure what to do. surgery in the morning. 
I'm actually dying without my laptop. Why is HP holding it hostage. 
I'm actually going to Cannes with friends, but it's in 2 weeks  bad timing
Im actually going to get a puppy today in Van Nuys Im soooooo excited I have been lonely for years   let alone a date or relationship
im actually kind happy to go to work, not cuz its fun but cuz yay money lol but i do wanna hangout with sara instead 
I'm actually kinda sleepy but not really haven't had a coke today  rock your bodyyy
I'm actually pretty sad the Duke has left us  What was left: http://www.gametrailers.com/player/usermovies/316675.html
I'm actually really fucking sorry. I feel so bad. I'm never saying/doing that again.. lol. . 
im actually so bored  and i have to work late grrrr.....
I'm actually so cold  I need a boyfriend. :L http://twurl.nl/al1fq2
im actually so scared of walking to work atm, its horrible  that rapist is sick and needs to be caught!
im actually sooo hot, and my flip flips were cutting into me 
Im addicted to candy, i swear. I have a problem 
I'm addicted to koolaid singles. 
im addicted to the computer... again  im on it like all day, there's NOTHING else to do which sounds really sad lol. our tv still broken.
i'm addicted to typing maniac. but, i'm not that good 
Im afraid @heartmyscissors doesn't grasp the concept of Twitter  
I'm afraid Alex Jones might be REALLY losing it. 
i'm afraid i lost my dazzle glass 
i'm afraid my ups might be dead  not working and making ticking noises
Im aggravated &amp; pissed! Im bout 2 cancel my Bowling Night!! 
i'm alive today! but also very upset we better have got the right tix or will be able to get them or i might cry. 
i'm all alone because @smt9010 left me... 
I'm all alone in my hotel at south beach Miami!!!! 
im all alone now.  goddamn i hate being the last one to leave.
I'm all alone today 
im all alone.  i'll paint my nails nlng. hhi. =D
i'm all confused with all this hw  AND i'm majorly hungry!
I'm all cut up. New shoes aren't always so kind 
I'm all for surf, but seriously this south shore swell is killing my paddling season! I don't go near the Ala Wai, so not able to train. 
im all itchy!!! this SUCKS! 
I'm all lonelified now  Oh well, I have The Longest Journey to keep me amused 
I'm all mobile today so my FFs will be late. 
Im all sad and alone 
Im all sad now.  Juierhfruh.no 
i'm all scraped up 
im all stuffed up!  we should do something tommorow. lets go play frisbee and go on a walk and just relax! i think the answer is yes! 
I'm all teary eyed watching an elzheimers HBO documentary, I just think about my Abuela...an her lost memories 
Im all Twittered out. Nothing interesting to say at all  could this be the end?
I'm allergic to Jonas brothers' NECKLACE!  My neck has red swellings... well, it cost 15â‚¬ so... I'm still going to use it! LOL
I'm almost certainly going to get swine flu 
I'm almost done my French homework, but I'm so tired of writing the summaries 
I'm almost home 
I'm alone at work 
Im already a total and complete mess just knowing the grandparents are going to be gone a whole month 
I'm already afraid for when blink will come over 
Im already burning up. I think my 10 hour day is gonna suck 
im already in big bear- at work computer. have to wait here to see if anyone gets my phone 
I'm already in summer mode and I still have 3 more finals! 
im already sick of exams and they haven't even begun! I wanna sleep through the next 3 weeks 
I'm already tired 
I'm already tired of deleting my fanvid in Yout*be. It's always resolve copyright blah blah blah, even though I already change the song! 
i'm also a tad burnt  oh well I'll just put some aloe stuff on it :]
im also going to see a gastric specialist for my acid reflux,  so needless to say, i dunno whats going on but we are about to find out
I'm also leaving Leeds tonight as I have lots of work to do like @BarryCarlyon  #bcleeds09
I'm also llistening to my father yell at my brother, i think that my father is just stressed and the tinyest things make him go off. Ugh. 
im also mad at my friend    ugh
I'm also sad that I am not at Bamboozle with my friends. 
I'm ALWAYS about to forget to take my medicine after dinner.... yep I'm a careless person 
I'm always at work  but somebody must save the High Light Munich Business Towers
im always boss. i know how to take control. lmao u and sampson cant overthrow me! 
I'm always feel hungry, oh no it's make me fat 
im always hanging with the boys...and feeling left out 
I'm always in school everytime Tom tweets  @TomFelton Please tweet in the afternoon (((((
im always missing something like right now i have the salsa but not the tostitoes! 
I'm always single on my bday  who's gonna spend my real bday with me now?
i'm always sleeping....i love sleeping. my bed's just not the same without matt though..it actually isn't. 
I'm always so lonely. 
im always the one who's fucking alone. 
im am currently the only person up on my team 
im am so worried!!!!!! 
I'm am super sad that Team USA lost.   Go Clay!
I'm amazed at how everyone can move on so easy. I know I need to but I don't want to. Good sunday but I miss having my girlfriend  sucks
I'm amazed that my cousin Boy can have a triple date but I can't even manage to go on one! 
I'm an attention whore. I want people to pay attention to me all the time. I'm needy today. Someone pay lots of attention to me 
I'm an AUNT ... again. this time to a little baby boy!!! And I cant see him until next week 
I'm an awesome fuckin friend! 
Im An Emotional Wreck;; And My Mom Knows How To Make Me Cry And Loves It Too 
I'm an hour and a half early for work so gone for breakfast. Dressed wrong today- absolutely freezing!!!! I hate being cold  boooo
I'm an hour late to work. I couldn't get up that darn early! 
I'm an idiot. I don't work until 12. 
I'm an official college grad, and also officially exhausted. So sleeping in tomorrow. Sad I didn't get to say goodbye to many people! 
I'm angry &amp; I'm sad &amp; feel helpless to help my situation for once I dnt know what to do..   I need a mentor to help me so I can help....
I'm angry &amp; I'm sad &amp; feel helpless to help my situation for once I dnt know what to do...   I need a mentor to help me so I can help....
Im angry, I dont have a full G on my phone and fuckkkkk I cant even go on interwebs  why is it doing this?
I'm annoyed because my sister didn't pay her half of the phone bill... so my phone doesn't work now 
im annoyed i so badly wanted to watch the mtv movie awards live 
i'm annoyed now 
I'm Annoyed people Are stupid 
I'm annoyed sigh hate feeling this way 
I'm annoyed that i can't find certain photos out of all the pic discs. I've been going through photo discs for over an hour! 
I'm annoyed that there's a party at home and I'm not home for it 
i'm appreciative of these few minutes of safety and freedom of thought. better go back into the fray 
I'm ashamed to admit it but Twitter's the reason I heard about WolframAlpha, Google Wave and Adobe BrowserLab. I feel like a bad netizen. 
Im assuming Dantes inferno is being shown. shame i have to do this through PSP 
I'm at a bar in Huntington beach with @mellowdeelbc watching an STP cover band...thinking of fatty saffy 
I'm at a Dr. Office full of old people who smell like bengay...My problem is what only old people got 
I'm at a total loss of what to do with the rest of my day. I would usually add in a witty comment here but I can't think of one 
I'm at Andrea's house. My computer is broken 
im at bjs. &amp; im sad cos I didn't talk to him all day 
Im at borders during a tornado watch. 
i'm at Brenda's place and she's making me dinner 
I'm at campus. Last summer, was the best. Too bad my Fuffy Buns, Vanesssa can't go this year I miss my friend in Asia 
I'm at chilis and codys my server 
Im at church in sunday school bored out of my freaking mind!  Kat Woman OUT 
I'm at Godfather's w/ Cassidy...YUM!!!! Still not feeling that great 
I'm at goonhilly 
Im at grad but frankly my day has probably been ruined... Whether that is completely my fault is debatable... 
I'm at H&amp;M but have no money 
Im At Home ... Very Very Bored 
im at home and feeling sick 
I'm at home by myself and can't sleep bc of the scary storm 
im at home eating ice-cream.. me and sam jus broke up  oh well.. easy come easy goo
Im at home in bed feeling ill 
im at home now but i already miss @elenaandpamela  BUT I AM SEEING THEM ON MONDAY! YAY! ITS OFFICIAL!
I'm at home now, waiting for the Dinkers to wake up. Nick has to work the rest of the day 
Im at home on a Saturday Night not feeling good small hangover and getting the flu 
I'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  In alot of pain. 
im at home, errrg i sean is acting wierd around me now 
I'm at home. sad that i finished the last sookie stackhouse book  the next one needs to come out now!
i'm at home... Malaysia is sooo hot out there... complicated life 
I'm at Jessica's house again today. We're going by Jennifer's later because Caroline's in the hospital and her cancer's killing her 
I'm at my brother basketball game... boring 
im at my buds house till my moms out  of the hospital she had a 20-30 pound tumer in her belly 
im at my dads friends house. its sooooooo boring. 
I'm at my follow limit    I will follow back when Twitter lets me
im at my girlfriends house...she&quot;s sick  i hope she gets better, im doing the best i can.
I'm at my home away from home.. The library! 
im at my internship about to head to work! omg im exhausted  lol
I'm at my mom's and I can't sleep!!! I dunno why 
I'm at my Mom's to visit her and she is busy watching The Bachelorette!?!  I guess I'll visit her during the commercials. 
I have LVATT, but when i opened it the cd is gone  WTH. Did i drop it or something?
I have made an assumption with my bros.. Optimus Prime will die in Transformers 2 
I have made it home....got on my comfy pjs and snuggling with my pillow 
I have managed to sleep most of the day away. I must be Maritza's auntie LOL  Not good though   I hope I can get some sleep tonight :|
i have many H/W.I unexpected that a college stu is so busy! these days,i can sleep only for 2h/day 
I have many videos to upload but internet speed is very slow  , I was at netjatolahi Ave , near Azadi Ave #IranElection
i have math tution test to day at 4:00 pm!  
I have mixed emotions... that is the worst feeling ever 
I have more than a thousand tweets and still no tweet from @ddlovato  BUT I WILL NOT LOSE HOPE! Hahah. iloveyoudemi.
I have most of the Drums now... most. 
I have mouth ulcer  so painful to talk and eat! 
I have mozzies bites all over me.    I can't help I'm so sweet.
I have my AFS meeting tomorrow  and I feel Like SHIT!
I have my car back now, thank goodness. The garage didn't charge me, but did highlight Â£570 worth of other work that needed to be done. 
I have my final exam tomorrow. If i pass i pass the class... If i dont i dont  .... So nervous...
I have my first A2 exam this afternoon. I think i'm going to fail! Essay writing for 2 1/2 hours . I won't be leaving school til 4pm 
I have my first hangover ever...I do not like it one bit 
i have my Microeconomics final now 
i have my mother's problems. varicose veins and cellulite. i can't wear shorts anymore. 
I have my own heart.  No one knows whats here and whats inside of this. :| 
i have my own rooom! but it is now very weird not seeing nikki's bed in there 
I have myself barely 4 hrs of sleep and the Lord blessed me with what feels like 8, but it came with a sore throat  pumpin out this paper!
I have neglected twitter for a while, just hanging out these days and looking for a job, it is so weird not to be in C-BUS, I miss it 
i have never been more ashamed to be a Minnesotan than right now....1.92 million for Jammie Thomas 
i have never been so bored online.. in my life..  @maanmarquez like saan? i'm so bored
I have never been so lonely.  night 
I have never been so nervous in my life. History is making me so depressed. 
i have never felt so anti social in my life. wheres @meganisraaad!? 
i have never felt so disconnected. no blackberry, no iphone - and it just took me 30mins and the head of IT to sort me some internet 
I have never felt so nauseous in my life. Ugh. Pukefest real soon 
I have never had to leave one party early to go to another before. That's what I have to do today...and I don't feel good 
I have never lost anything while drunk, but sober I don't know what happens. Last night in sobriety I lost my MetroCard  #fb
I have never missed someone so much in my life  sleeeeep sounds good right about now.
i have never seen a homeless person until today. he had a dog and that made me sad  i wish i could of just taken the dog.
I have never witnessed a person die until tonight.  I couldn't stay in the room.
i have new braces  god! what is wrong with my teeth ? 
i have nice beef noodle soup crap, oj and some bad karma on my ass  should walk puppy too maybe
I have no blood left 
I have no butter in my house!  I will have to be ghetto and use the butter that comes with popcorn!
I have no chance 
I have no clue what is wrong with my Twitter Today... Meh! 
i have NO co-ordination ! i can't even do tha swag surfin dance  oh well ! i'll stick tu tha google wave ---&gt; ~ ~ ~ &lt;--- pass it back nah
I have no desire to learn, but I must...    I hate tests!!!
I have no dream job to do this for it  http://bit.ly/WBSdV
I have no English language ability anymore. 
I have no enthusiasm to complete this assignment 
i have no followers 
I have no followers  and I am still trying to figure this whole twitter thing out!  haha
I have no followers  LOL I suck!!
i have no followers but one friend on twitter  am i a loser?
I have no food at the house  so sad
I have no freinds on twitter 
I have no friends in twitter. 
I have no friends! 
i have no friends!!!!!  (on twitter)
i have no frkn electricity 
i have no headphones  someone took them.
i have no idea babe.. 
i have no idea how i got sick 
I have no idea how I used the internet before 1Password. I wish they'd come out with a Windows client 
i have no idea how i'm going to fix things with me and landon! i want things back to normal but i don't know how and if that is possible 
i have no idea how im gonna stay up to study for this  so tired!
I Have No Idea How To Use This 
I have no idea how to use twitter.  No one wants to follow me cause I'm a bland person.
i have no idea how to work twitter!!! 
I have no idea what I'm doing in this media production class 
I have no idea what this twitter thing is, or how to use it 
i have no idea what to wear to the greek festival tonight 
i have no idea what to wear tonight!  x
i have no idea who most of my followers are 
i have no idea why but i have this emotional feeling and pain about not seeing my b-ball team, the Ballers again. time to see therapist.. 
I have no idea why I do this, when its clear you just dont care anymore, Z...im going to sleep. 
I have no idea why I've been having feelings of slight nausea... it sucks 
I have no idea; very blonde moment actually mean wi fi   !!
i have no ideaaa what to do 
i have no idead what time call is today 
i have no interest in following the whitehouse, twitter however seems to think different 
I have no internet. I feel cut off from the world. 
i have no life  *cries* ( not really crying but OMG it's soo trueee. )
I have no life! 
I HAVE NO LUCK WAT SO EVA WID CATCHIN ANYBODY ONLINE ON TWITTER!  I TINK IMMA HUDDLE UP IN A CORNER NDD CRY NOW :'(
i have no meetings today.  which means i actually have to do work for 8 hours 
I have no money  But I did have a fucking great day at school (Y)
I have no money after Disney. 
I have no money hun  I think I'll be cooking dinner, eating it, showering, and going to bed!!
I have no money to actually buy playboy, otherwise i would  Damn Economy fucking me with a god damn sandpaper condom.
I have no more car after 6 today  which now means. I have no life and will sit in my house all summer. FMLLLLLL.
i have no motivation and do not want to go to work tomorrow 
I have no motivation to study for finals.... 
I have no need for Twitter anymore. Tonight @ 12am EST....raidersfan77 says goodbye to Twitter.....FOREVER. 
I have no need to be up at 730am. So why? 
I have no one to eat dinner with 
I have no one to talk too right now 
i have no one to tweet with 
I have no one to twit with 
i have no phone credit 
I have no picture 
I have no smokes.  
I have no stock, so risotto will have to wait for another night 
I have no talent 
i have no time for alot of things  4 days left !
i have no twitter followers 
i have no twitter Friends 
I have no voice today and all doctors near me have a extra day off  
I have no willpower. None at all.  Breadsticks and Gilmore Girls...
i have no-one in my booth -   please come and see me in the ask the experts area TechNet stand #technetvconf
I have not been on Twitter in three days 
I HAVE NOT EAT MY LUNCH  So busyyyyyyy
I have not had an appetite in the last two days. I want to eat but I cant 
I have not had any tea tonight. This is a TRAVESTY. But I'm afraid if I make a pot now, I'll be up until 11:30 again. 
I have not had ONE comment since I made this account  Im feeling very sad right now 
I have not munched on a good meal in almost 2 days 
I have not seen the sun in days!! 
i have not yet an Eee PC 1008ha 
I have notheing to do 
i have nothing to do at all tonight!! 
I have nothing to do now 
i have nothing to do today except study and homework. i thought i had a life but it is in question if that is my plans for the weekend. 
I have nothing to do today.  so bored. ????
I have nothing to do tomorrow now Bobby &amp; Marcus have bailed  Might get around to some housework. Or not LOL
i have nothing to do tonight 
i have nothing to do! (Even though the weather's great!) Tomorrow German and Biology exams 
I have nothing to do. Maybe I'm gonna watch Radio:active live at Wembley. But it's not fun watch alone  Jossan, come home!
i have nothing to doooooz  text?
I have nothing to tweet about. 
i have nothing to twitter about  listening to Taylor Swift  xx
I have nothing to wear to school tomorrow 
i have nothing to wear! 
I have now come to terms that Concorde has no place today 
I have now realized I am not cool enough to ever get a shout out from @trellthms  (this player will not be playing on! hahahah)
I have offically not been on twitter for years What is wrong with me 
I have old Twitter UI 
I have one chapter left of my book...I wanted to stay on lunch that bit longer  boo!!!
I have one day off in Buenos Aires and of course, it is raining. 
I have one empty apartment!  
I have one hell of a headache  Going to rest and go to bed
I have one less follower  That makes me sad and I feel like my life is dull and uninteresting.
I have one more day left of my externship. 
I have one of those awful headaches that resides right in the front of my face 
i have one of those tongue bumps under my tongue and i keep hitting it on my teeth.. owie 
I have one week to come up with certain accessories for a costume for AX... Or else this may be a year where I don't cosplay. 
I have only 2 followers!!  please someone follow me im bored
i have only slpet 9 hours in the past 4 days and im heading to work to do a 16 hour shift.  im soooo tired!
I have pains again 
I have PE first lesson today  matbe someone else could swap with me :p
i have physics' homework to do 
I have pink eye in both eyes  Happy Fathers Day!!!
I have pink eyes and sinus problems. 
i have pins and needles in my foot 
I have pins and needles in my right foot 
I have played 3 WSOP tournaments and made 3 day 2's. Only have 6,200 left in the HORSE after having 23K with 30 minutes left  F Razz!
i have poison ivy on my face; my left eye is partially swollen shut because of it. 
i have pore strips on my nose. The things i do to get rid of black heads 
i have purple bangs and im feelingggg it !! but of course my tiwtpic isnt working soo u guyz r gonna have to wait till i get back 
i have put studying off for 2 days... i think i should start now 
I have RCN, and yet Comcast has still found a way to disrupt my life 
i have reach the age were i can no longer drink regular milk, only lactaid from now on..  oh how i dreaded this day...curses!
I have reached the point of being so tired that I am not   Even trying to center &amp; relaxed breathing won't clear the noise in my head.
I have read, but there are many pages... that boring 
I have readers block 
I have really bad shin splits   
i have really soft hair atm, but im thinking of having a shower to stay awake, its like nearly six in the morning, ive been up all night 
I have received a Tax renewal from the DVLA for my toe-rag... 
I have rehearsal right now.. and I'm not feeling good at all 
I have returned. I just had a short annoying nosebleed  All this hot #weather
I have returned. It's 83F in my house. Gross 
i have rick and jelly beans and lots of candy. i think caroline got losted 
I have run out of strange conversations 
i have runny nose... i can't breathe.. terrible feeling...  
I have said this like 50 times but I am finally downloading and watching Australia tonight. 440 MB of 2.27 GB - 42 minuets remaining 
I have SATs tomorrow  for the first time  
I have school tomorrow  and after that, i'm going for a talk by Rev. Jesse Jackson.
i have school tomorrow so i have to sleep now 
I have scripts to learn, places to call, homework to do, an ERA to write, tests to study for, exams... I ceeebz doing any of it. 
I have seen the most awesome couch, but it's too big and too far away to pick up with alana's car. But it's soooo nice. 
I have seen the nice doctor. I gave a tummy bug 
I have serious ADD and it's really bad right now. I was supposed to start cleaning my room HOURS ago. Ahhh!!!!!! Gees I hate this   
i have serious hay fever today - yesterday was bad and so was last night but 2day is worse.. 
i have serious tooth ache 
i have shortness of breath... Im not sick or anything so idk why i feel like this 
I have six hours of class to look forward to, then when I get home this evening I have another four hours of work to be completed 
i have so many dishes waiting for me to wash, and i am not in the mood to wash them 
i have so many punny things to say, but the proper situation never arises 
I have so many twitter followers I don't know who half of them are! 
I have so much acid in my stomach I may keel over &amp; die. I need some food 
I have so much due today. 
I have so much ish to do today 
i have so much more faith in the scene than what was displayed tonight in NR... it makes me sad to say that i was disappointed in you MV 
I have so much studying to do, but so little time 
I have so much stuff to do today....so much to do and so little time 
I have so much to do   list items, find items, fill orders, blog, draw giveaway, email my Dad, transfer things to my memory stick to print
I have so much to do .. Health final. Chem test. English project. Study for global. Math. And chem finals. And in sooo tired 
I have so much to do today...&amp; I'm feeling excessively lazy. But all must be done. Today, I hate Saturdays. No excuse for me to goof off! 
I have SO much to get done and it is not being an overly productive morning so far 
I have so much work to do, holy crap. 
I have so, so many ideas for new knit designs percolating in my head but, sadly, so little time to play with them .... 
I have soaked the garden, my dad, my sister and the path. Great stuff. Oops - fell in to the paddling pool face first. No so keen now 
I have some interesting footage on my cell phone, but i will have to go home and upload. it wont upload from my phone 4 some reason. 
I have some new items to take pix and list but been so sick with a migraine all day even with my meds not going away....  
I have some pretty great reviews of my other published novels, but its not helping me in the publishing or agent world... 
I have some problems with flash as 2.0 who can help me? 
I have some serious bloggin to do... im in JUST that mood. What the hell. 
i have some serious sunburn 
I have some sort of mega stomach ache of death, I'm going to bed 
I have some type of bite on my leg and it hurts  this isnt normal and now my leg is swollen fuck my day can't get any worse
I have something i want to tell you   @ohkgo
I have something in my eye! How annoying 
i have something in my fucking eye and its fucking annoying. today was a better day than yesterday. im no longer crashin a party  ...
i have something stuck in my eyee. everyone's asleep; who's going to blow it out for me .. 
I have sooo many sunburns! Owie!! I look like tomato! 
i have sooo much to get done but i am sooo sick! 
i have soooo much work to do so of course i'm being a big 'ol grumpy grump to everyone  i'm sorry. i'll be nice again after Thursday. K?
I have sooooo much to do and dont know where to start! 
i have sore eyes  dammnn shampoo!!
I have sore muscles, swolen taste bud on the very tip of my tongue, headache, stuffy nose....I'm SICK!!! 
i have sore pinkies from typing 
I have spent approximately 4 hours on various phone calls today! I have failed to get proper work done 
I have spent my day doing data input, and project management.  No time to manage the little staff i have left. 
I have steam coming out my head, my two kids have just smashed someone front window of their house 
i have stiff neck. 
I have stingy hayfever eyes and a runny nose. 
I have stomach ache... Auuuch  myb i'll go to hospital,im really scared.. Make me happy guys(please),i love u
I have stomach cramps 
I have stomach pain	
i have stomach pains, grr.  and now my body aches after doing that dance dvd 
I have stomachache   
i have stomatitis now  have to take B vitamins tablets...
i have strained my leg it hurts soo bad 
i have strep throat O_O  
i have such a bad sunburn now!!!! 
i have such a burning desire to have #jaljeera now .. damn it cant leave office 
i have such a complication...thought i got over it but it just hit me again 
I have such a hard time adjusting to time zone changes.  Not been getting regular sleep in London.  
I have such a headache! I wanna go home! Alas, I will be here all night. 
I have such a headache..  And there isn't anything on tv to even just blah out to it.
i have such a horrible headache!! someone help 
I have such a love/hate relationship with Tyra Banks- why does she make me love her when I want to hate her?! 
I have such a sore head. 
I have suddenly come down with a cold 
I have summer school on Monday. Woopdie doo for me! 
i have sunburn. how is that possible.. it wasn't even that hot today. and im tan. tan peeps don't get sunburned 
I have swine flu  in all seriousness :|
I have swine flu - seriously - sick for 10 days 
i have swollen glands and a viral infection. woo frigging hoo 
I have that 'Friday' feeling, though - I am working tomorrow 
I have the an appt with the orthodontist today. forgot brkfast. which mean, I will not be eating all day. WAAAHHHH!! 
I have the appartment to myself now that jo is gone. I feel kinda blue... 
I HAVE THE BEST Mother in the world!!! nobody tops her!!! NOBODY and she's beautiful!!! ......and far far away from me in another state 
I have the biggest bruise under my toenail. Ew  it hurts so badddd. Stupid shoes.
I have the biggest headache  -LB
I have the biggest headache and can't sleep...maybe I shouldn't be on the laptop  what to do.....
I have the biggest headache right now... owch owch it kills  
I have the biggest musquito bite ever 
I have the case of the Mondays   I think weekends should always be 3 days! Don't cha all agree!?
i have the cold.. yay 
I have the craziest dreams ever.. . I do not want to go back to work today 
I have the day off and it's kind of crappy out! This always happens!!! 
I have the day off but I lost my voice yeaterday so I can't talk. How worse could my day possibly get 
i have the doctors on thursday &amp; im shitttting it 
i have the flu 
i have the flu and i feel like crap, trying to sleep but i can't 
I have the flu and summer's almost here  twitter me and make my day?
i have the flu. 
I have the hangover cold  just want bed and a pot noodle.   My legs are so sore from dancing like a stripper last nite 
i have the hangover from hell  i think i'm going to die
I have the hic ups 
I have the hiccoughs. 
i have the hiccups 
i have the hic-cups 
i have the hiccups  it is so unpleasant.
i have the hiccups for the third time today.  
I have the hugest bruise on my knee 
i have the itch to gamble 
I have the mightiest headache! 
i have the monday blues  nothing that beer can't fix! ice cold, kgo! adventure awaits.
I have the most boring twitter on earth... 
I have the most ghetto cell phone and I don't like it 
I have the most marvelous husband!! Missing mis hermanas     Faison 1yr anniversary Tues. . .my how time passes
I have THE most painful blister on my heel thanks to my sandals. Stupid shoes. Ended up walking home barefoot it hurt that much! 
I have the most perfect dress in my head but I can NEVER find it ANYWHERE. Just elements in many dresses  Wish I could draw WAAAAAAAAAH 
I have the most stinking cold!!! Rubbish when working from home your don't get the advantage of recovery! 
I have the most unbelievable craving for Tab Energy right now. FUCK. Why'd they have to take it all away?  
I have the muuuuunchies. Craving some doritosssss and hot funyuns 
I have the sniffles  and I'm trying to shake this mini cold!
i have the song here comes goodbye stuck in my head not a good song to be singing considering my situation 
I have the Spice Girls in my head 
i have the stupid hiccups again 
I have the Tanach test, on Wednesday I have the Art Bagrut and then a week later I have the history Matkonet on monday 
i have the time differences, everyone is at school 
I have the urge to watch RENT the movie after seeing the live show, but I left the movie in Ohio. 
I have the worse headache ever!!!! No bueno... 
I have the worst abdominal pain ever! U kno wat that means ladies. Ugh... sometimes I hate bein a girl 
I Have The Worst Backache In The World!  Going To Take A Shower, Feeding The Girls Lunch, Nap Time, Then Relaxing!
I have the worst cramps right now! 
i have the worst ear infection. 
i have the worst efin headch ever!! 
i have the worst headache !! 
i have the worst headache and my eyes are closing as im typing, SO tired. and i have to go to dancing rehearsals in 75mins counting down 
i have the worst headache ever 
i have the worst headache ever and i feel like i'm going to pass out. but it's whatev. 
I have the worst headache ever. It's making me feel nauseous 
I have the worst headache I've ever had. Feeling sick and going to bed. 
I have the worst headache right now 
I have the worst heartburn 
I have the worst luck ever... 
I have the worst luck with having toilet paper around when i need it. 
i have the worst sore throat EVER! 
I have the worst taste in the back of my throat 
I have the worst tummy ache right now.  I'm not sure what did it. 
i have this condition where i cannot control my emotions. sikit sikit ke jiwa. hahaha. emo emo! 
I have this new dandruff shampoo. It seems to be working, but my scalp seems to be showing a lot more. No more flakes though. Heheh. 
I have this sick feeling my g/f is going to break up w/me tonight from Hawaii. Makes my stomach turn.  I sure hope it's just paranoia...
I have this stomach thing going on and it aint pretty   hahha,
I have to admit I have never been to the Calgary Stampede..  , I am going to make this goal to get there. http://cs.calgarystampede.com/
I have to admit I'm a little nervous about making my sandwich in front of a camera  #oscarmayer
I have to admit that I am still a little bummed that Christian's hockey team lost their playoff game. they lost 1 game during reg season 
I have to babysit tonight. FML 
I have to be 5 days in bed  stupid virus.
I have to be a responsible adult? ... Aw man. Now I know how Tyra feels. 
i have to be at court in 7 hours  not so excited...
I have to be at work 6am 
i have to be at work at 5 am  ... thanks to me ppl will be getting their freakin starbucks. peace out ppls!
I have to be at work at 5am. meaning I need to ï¿½wake upï¿½ in about 3.5 hours.  http://tumblr.com/xh01wkjp6
I have to be at work in 3 hours   I really hate working til 1030pm. I want my 10-630 back!
i have to be at work... in 3 hrs 
I have to be honest, I'm kind of nervous abotu going to camp to work probably because I'm so comfortable with being lazy 
I have to be in the World Trade Center at 9am tomorrow.. and my seminar is 4-5pm  can't tweet all day..don't think they have wifi there 
I have to be up at 4:30 am  one of you californians should probably call and wake me. you'll still be up anyway! &lt;3
i have to be up ay 8:30 
I have to be up in 3 hours  iSleep now.
I have to bow out of this conversation now.  Don't have too much fun.
i have to butting poop again 
I have to buy a new AC unit for my house.  Yay.... 
I have to call the US shortly from my mobile. It's going to cost be a bomb 
I have to clean my room  ... I don't want to (
I have to clean my room so i can stay over Carols tomorro  and im messy.....
I have to clean my room today  This could take a while.
I have to clean the house  Hopefully listening to music will make it go by quickly!
i have to clean the house cuz they're putting it up for sale tomorrow 
i have to clean the kitchen chores are boring!! 
i have to clean up the kitchen before i can watch the S1 finale. 
I have to cook dinner for me and my sister  I have no idea what to make and I can't cook.
I have to crash early for the plane ride tomorrow.... 
i have to dance at the womens conference again :/ i already performed yesterday,and it went well, but im super nervous about tomorrow 
i have to delete my photobucket, myspace, and youtube  sorry everyone
I have to design website for fishing club and put this shit on free server  whats a crap 
I have to do a ginormous column today  but I don't wanna...
i have to do altar service today 
I have to do blood work in 2 hrs for life insurance. That means I can't eat for another 2 hours. I'm not going to be in a good mood 
I Have to do Hekasiiiiii. 
I have to do homework later 
I have to do inventory on an entire storage closet FULL of EVERYTHING, and I don't kno where to start..   http://mypict.me/42V6
I have to do my homework 
I have to do my project all weekend 
i have to do something to feed my boredom.  any suggestion pls?
I have to do work work and I'm bummed. 
i have to drive during rush hour   http://plurk.com/p/z07oq
I have to end my love affair with pork  or at least put it on the backburner for awhilw again...my poor stomach!!
I have to face up to the facts, I need glasses ... 
i have to find a job...quickly. 
I have to finish a final project today and I'm sick.   _[Bam]_
I have to finish my papers. Oh please. 
i have to get 20 thousand dollar surgery on my jaw!  wtf...
I have to get a new phone today. 
I have to get another TB test  yuck
I have to get back to Philly ASAP. Soooo many ppl to meet Jane with, so little time. I miss my white boyfriend &amp; other co-workers  lol
I have to get my engagement ring sized today...and will be without my amazing rock for too long  damn and I just got it too  
I have to get my hair cut just because it's a job requirement. But I don't want to do it. I DON'T WANT TO DO IT (period) 
i have to get my shit together! this is not working. 
I was hiding underneath your porch because I love you 
I was holding him so carefully too  But really it's not bad at all, it just means I can never sell him and I wasn't planning to.
i was hoping  to be going 2 glastonbury this year but the tickets are sold out  xoxo
I was hoping I could stay home and work today, but looks like I have to make another trip into town 
I was hoping i was still living in Vancouver BC! I wanted to see Selena Gomez and Taylor Lautner!!! 
I was hoping I'd dream of cherubs...but that didn't happen 
I was hoping my phone was going to arrive today. I got very excited when we had a delivery. It was just a DVD though 
I was hoping my Starbucks would keep me awake to study last night... but Starbucks failed me and I fell asleep.. time to cram 
I was hoping my weekend would be better... now I depend on Twitter to keep me occupied... 
I was hoping some hosting company would reply to my request about a window vps hosting but no 
I was hoping that last link would not get auto-shortened 
I was hoping the iPhone update would work over the air  3.5 hrs til I get off and can go home 2 download
I was hoping to find out if I was a finalist in the tweet me a story contest before leaving. 
I was hoping to wake up and find good news about Biscuit's safe return. The day is still young, though. 
I was in concert today! It was the worst concert in my life! hmmm scary! 
I was in love ,he lied 2me used me and left me +he owes me 200dlls !!! 
I was in such a good mood this morning. Now? Not so much anymore. Stupid work! Stupid cellphone provider! 
i was in the guitar shop earlier and ran into an old mate from Primary School. he was on Australia's Got Talent but the vid got blocked 
I was in the middle of Bob Part 2 and it shut down 
I was in the middle of playing sims. 
I was initially excited; but #Beak doesn't support multiple accounts, multiple new tweets, or any choice in URL setup  http://idek.net/4qX
I was invited once again  you guys dnt luv me really @staystay @simplytrina
i was invited to one on the beach but it was too short notice i mean why the hell tell you 2hrs before?? really? 
i was jerking and i cum in my own eye and dah shit burn me 
I'm at my saddest right now. I lost my mobile phone earphones. Waz feels a little incomplete and I feel the same 
im at my uncles house im really bored!! 
I'm at nicole and michelle's house!!!  just got done watching the Lakers win AGAIN!  ughhhhhhh!!!!!  
im at prayer, theres like nooobody here 
im at sami's house lol my toothy hurts 
im at school  doing home work   i have a lot to do  
I'm at school 20 minutes early  poooo
I'm at school but I don't think I'll be able to stay awake for the next 9 hours. I wanna go to sleep. 
I'm at school now 
I'm at school!!!!! Moved in and everything.. Jake just left.. 
i'm at school, n swedish class  it's not as fun as i hoped it would be 
i'm at school. missing fall out boy who are currently in NYC and im stuck here 
I'm at some sketchy ass place right now freakin out wishing my MissShergold was here 
I'm at the beach. I am so bored 
im at the berrangs and i didnt even try to be here 
Im at the camping from my grandparents xd, enjoying the sun and the horse, i miss my horse 
I'm at the doctors surrounded by sick people... I'll definitely catch swine flu in here 
Im at the DPS getting my I.D. Im numba 1 they on number 169   its gonna be a long day
im at the hospital!!! 
I'm at the movies with tonya who said twitter is gay 
Im at the office right now and I just dont feel like working  need to vacate..NY??? what u think?
i'm at the part now where sister dies 
I'm at the red star. Music is hit or miss tonight... Mostly miss. 
I'm at the stage, where I need to write mallary a letter, but I have forgotton what my boss said and he won't repeat it. HELP!!!! 
I'm at the taxi now. And my head is very pain now. 
I'm at the vet again checking up on pups !  unexpected bills suck
@JesusSister I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@jesvicious77 wah I wish I could go to LA!  I've been in the mood to go lately.  I'm too poor though 
@JesykaLueck you heading to E3 today?? Wish I was going to be there with you  maybe next year!
@jeszlee me too ?  whats wrong ?
@jetdillo *GRUMBLES UNDER HIS BREATH* Stupid co-parent counsoling.  I'll not be at anything cool on a Wednesday for a long time 
@JetGibbs It would be a better evening if I hadn't missed the beginning of Requium while I was out getting my pizza. 
@jethlam no sorry  idk when i will see you again i will send you a bracelet if you want!!!!!
@jetplane213 Heeey! Soccer was so tiring! And it was to hot! 
@Jetsetter23 yeah but the sun is out now in pacifica.  i hate the sun   suppose to be raining here.  at least it's only 60
@jetsmcfly that sucks 
@jettlandicho my dictionary is incorrect then 
Im at wallyworld 
I'm at war with my own thoughts. This city kills me. He kills me. All I ever wanted was some help. Help me through it. Help me.. 
I'm at work  what are you up to leah
I'm at work ! Really don't want to be  bed please
I'm at work &amp; I can't wait to go home! I'm not feeling so great 
i'm at work ... body aching after climbing a mountain for the 1st time on monday...as a result i have a sore ass, sore knee 
im at work and got an hour to go, YAY! but, im feeling so fat and icky today, well, lately... i think i'm gaining weight 
Im at work and I really really want to go back to my dorm and play some xbox 
I'm at work and I'm still sick and I'm really pissed off about Sunday!!! 
I'm at work and not feeling well 
I'm at work and sleepy as hell!!! 
I'm at work bored with nothing to do I feel so useless 
I'm at work but i hate MONDAY's!! 
I'm at work eating a pot noodle, wishing I was at home with emma 
I'm at work for 4 hours even though its a bank holiday   Will be home in time for the rest of the snooker though!
I'm at work impatiently waiting for lunch time. Hoping I don't starve to death by then. I skipped breakfast. 
I'm at work in the Furnace. Going friggin' insane, outta my mind, crazy! Dumb bored! Oh well, 8 more hours 2 go.  I rather be in Hawai ...
I'm at work it's super slow and my baby is far away from me. All around crappy day. 
I'm At work missing Josie 
I'm at work right now workin for that paycheck everybodys tired cause there ain't a damn thing to do 
IM AT WORK SO BORING BRENDA WONT COME VISIT ME  BUT  THANK GOD THAT THE WEB IS NOT RESTRICTED  2NITE
i'm at work starving 
I'm at work until 4, but when I get off, I have nothing to do 
I'm at work until 8pm and I feel horrible! 
I'm at work watching other people anjoy dinner  I'm starving!
Im at work while my poor hamster looks like he is about to die 
I'm at work with my B. But I'm so ready to go home and crawl back into bed and go back to sleep...ugh stuck here till 2!! 
I'm at work! 
im at work, and feeling so alone cant take this....think i realy need some one now 
im at work, OOOOOOOOH THE JOY!   
I'm at work, ubertwitter still doing me wrong  I guess it has to work out its niks. Everybody have a blessed, safe and Happy Saturday!
im at work... and i want to go to bed! 
I'm at work..... 
I'm at work....then get my hair cut...then off to the gym!  It's still raining... 
i'm at workkkk  come rescue me!
Im atad worried about harry, he flew into the wall. 
Im attemping to do my last bit of math homework... but i seriously would rather sleep... i think i have a fever 
I'm attempting to go to sleep now... Hell of an evening. 
I'm Automysophobic, someone talk to me 
I'm Autophobic, someone talk to me 
I'm awaiting anxiously to buy Blink 182 tickets. Ten more minutes! I had a nightmare last night where I didn't get them 
I'm awake  banned myself from twitter to attempt to help me revise :/ I have 1 hour 30 minutes to teach myself the whole course :S
I'm awake  Pepper is outside
I'm awake &amp; should still be sleeping - 5 1/2 hours definitely not enough sleep, especially after only 5 hours last night  !
I'm awake and feel like shit  I've called out of work. I'm about to take meds and try and go back to sleep.
I'm awake but I don't wanna be 
im awake but i wish i was still sleeping 
I'm awake but I'm so tired. Been sleeping terribly all week 
I'm awake but this cold is back and making me feel rough 
I'm awake even tho every time my mom walks downstairs I'm pretending 2 b sleep so she won't talk 2 me LOL. Potential buyers coming at 10 
im awake now...why? 
I'm awake, apparently the rest of the world isn't. No shops open until ten? Seriously!! And no coffee at the editorial office 
Im awake, finally. . . Time for a good munch munch. Any suggestions? Keep in mind all museli &amp; yoyo is gone 
I'm awake, now it's time to go out and spend my paycheque 
I'm awake, which means back to the office. 
I'm awake. I'm sleepy. It's Monday. I have to be up at 5 am for the next 2 days. 
I'm awake..but I can't get out of bed ...my eyes are so sore coz of my tiredness  and I have to revise all day :'(
im awake..n it's already tues..less than 24hrs before love is off to his hm..?? sobsob... 
im away to dancing. im so tired though! 
im away to have lunch... eurgh, i hate cheese!! 
I'm baaaack !! the movie is not working  now i'm watching house m.d.
I'm baack, haha. This week is gonna freak me out! Totally!! 
i'm babysitting and not in a good mood! 
im babysitting in the city.. waiting for jared to show up. borrriinng.. 
Im babysitting my lil Chelly since she's outta school now 
im bac for today.... while im in school   but after ward ill b gone 
I'm back  I need to do homework, and then sleep. I don't want to go to school tomorrow,
I'm back  It was so cold...almost as cold as when I camped and it snowed :|...I nearly broke my finer this morning...it still hurts 
I'm back @ work today, so no tweeting for me  have a lovely day, will try &amp; catch up with you tonight
i'm back and it was a terrible holiday. thailand i'm not coming back again. 
im back and super cut!! 
I'm back at the house.   The search was called off.  
im Back at uni and already I want 2 go home 
i'm back at work.. woohoo it's FRIDAY!!  now if i can get through Algebra i'll be fine 
I'm back for a little while. My body hurts... I slept on my arm wrong and my back hurts near my shoulderblade 
im back for a while. a little frustrated at dad for not letting me go out  urrghh. parents eh?
I'm back from dancing, i am sooo hot and bothered 
I'm back from library 
im back from my aunts lets just say im worn out  and hurt my knee even worse. but now im having a cook out so be back later. love you guys
I'm back from Rhodes!!!  But I have to go back to work tomorrow 
I'm back from the tragic AZ bars.  Miss LA, but I'm really worried about my mother. 
I'm back from the walk! I should write now 
Im back home in Belfast  im realli tired though and upset i aint going to see JLS at the Summertime Ball x
I'm back home now. Spent 40 minutes on Wii Fit/Wii Sports.  I hate gaining weight.
I'm back home, for a few days at least. NC on Friday, can't wait! Miss my friends already 
I'm back home, I don't feel too good 
im back home, im sssso tired, but i can't sleep until i finish nallely's present 
I'm back home...boo... I wish I was anywhere else.. 
I'm back in the good ol' Oklahoma... Back to life, back to REALITY... 
I'm back in the whales vagina and its glorious! But its missing Ro 
I'm back in UK! 
i'm back in wisconsin. . gotta baby sit. .  $200 a week aint bad tho
im back on Twitter !! Hehe. School tommorow!! Im sad just thinking about it  Toko is such a crappy school lol
Im back to it, sleepy though took some meds, not feeling well.... 
I'm back to that stage when every time I eat something I feel sick... Boo 
I'm back to using my browser maximized  a very recent Windows-convert thing to do. But too many pages assume u have a wide browser.
I'm back to work  I wish i was home doing my laundry and ironing.
I'm back Twitter ;) Just leavn the library : very brief study session. Allergy apt in the am then work boo! I hate being a coordinator 
I'm back twitter and over-tired and stressed out  it's been one thing after another since my lil birdie died 
I'm back twitters and ohgosh I'm exhausted ! but I've to do my chemistry homework 
Im back! I wen yo see the doctor! 
IM BACK! my dick head of an ex hacked into my old twitter account and deleted it, stress levels 100% 
im back!!. sorry been so busy  ahhh this is goner be a BUSSSYSYYYY WEEEK. =l  my life gets hecktic starting from NOW.
I'm back. How difficult to eat coco pops 
I'm back.. to downtown 1984  Daylight Savings did not get passed the referendum again.. How is this possible?
i'm back....Andie is gone 
im bad  for the song Before The Storm
I'm barely getting off work.  dead tired. work 5am tomorrow. shiiiiiiit!
I'm barely going to sleep 
Im basicly scared out of my fucking mind right now, hearing strange shit in this school by myself cutting shit  fuckk
im battling the cold  i feel so sick and yucky!
i'm bawling. i grew up with that doggy, i'm going to miss her so much 
I'm beat from the beach  what to do tonight?  Party in AT or go to 3bridges?
I'm becoming the first person to graduate college in my family today...AHHHHH!!....Bitter Sweet I don't want to leave 
Im bed drinking tea and watching TV, im tired 
I'm bedwritten.. Which is why I suck at communication lately. 
I'm begging......can someone please blip something so I can blip @collective_soul  Please? 
I'm beginning to doubt that it's even possible to win this #trackle thing 
I'm beginning to realize something about CVS---Extra Care Bucks don't really care about me...  
I'm beginning to regret throwing out 99% of my closet. Society still demands you wear pants. 
i'm beginning to think @SongzYuuup won't go live tonight ...  NLOL  ... i hope he do tho
I'm behind the times...  RIP Sky Saxon 
im being a total party pooper right now 
Im being accused of throwing limes at Kyle  I swear it was Courtney
I'm being drunkdialled from the ck party 
I'm being followed by @ESLTime. I suppose my English isn't up to par? 
I'm being held captive on my day of freedom. 
I'm being held hostage at home by one very upset tummy 
I'm being hounded by &quot;Your Horny Kitty&quot; twitter accounts. 
I'm being informed that I may not be eligible for unemployment 3 weeks after being told I am and spending my savings with that in mind 
I'm being lazy b/c I can be...still jetlagged &amp; sleepless from Chicago...but I miss it pretty bad 
I'm being made fun of because I can't whistle 
Im being misserable lol why am i not good enough to be someones girlfriend?  it sucks to be me....
i'm being punished 
I'm being punished for my naughty behaviour this year...the sun is burning me 
Im being so clumsy today  i just tripped at my bro's house. Whats next?
I'm between a rock and a hard place, you guys.  
I'm between a rock and a hard place. And, 2 make it worse, i put myself in this position 
I'm beyond pumped to see Blink! What? But it's so far away  75 days!
im blank! no words of monday wisdom  gotta get this show on the road!
I'm bloated everywhere 
I'm bloody freezing, come back sunshine, I didn't mean to moan 
I'm bloody hungry  Store time I think...
I'm blown I missed the game.. I am not feeling good tonight  but I hear the Magic pulled it out in the end..WOW! Have a blessed rest,Nite!
im bo yo reminds me of summer.. 
I'm board coz no1 is following me 
im boooooored  who wants to play?
I'm booreeeeeeeed 
I'm bored  balancing a stolen spoon on my nose
I'm bored - I was really busy last week and dying for this week to arrive....and now it has and I'm bored already.... 
im bored  lol just on facebook
I'm bored  someone talk to me!!!
I'm bored  Too lazy to get ready to head out. But I really want a Coffee Bean drink, and I need to deposit my cash.
I'm bored ... I have thesis correctoins to do 
I'm bored and alone in foothill ranch  Stupid car repairs!
I'm bored and lonely 
I'm bored and lonely tonight... 
I'm bored and my heart is broken     Life Sucks Right Now!!!
im bored and not gonna go to the beach and i miss Dj 
I'm bored and the forum has made me cranky.  I want a soda.
I'm bored and waiting for some action this day 
IM BORED ANF I HAVE NOTHINNGGGG TO DO 
I'm bored as ever..... sad too, because my friend is moving far away .....  Also, Cameron Diaz wants a bigger butt.
im bored as fuck. need someone to talk to!  oh btw, frankie is leaving in 2hrs.. should I laugh or should I cry? ILL CRYYYYYYYYY ((
im bored as hell 
Im bored at home and its raining and i really hate rain 
im bored at work..  stupid with a hangover. yuck
I'm bored but I don't feel all that great 
i'm bored i see my love with other girl 
Im Bored in college  its crap.
IM BORED Ive done all my homework.Ive practiced my guitar.Ive finished my book so i cant read&amp;my friends are busy doing their corsework 
im bored lol.. really bored  i dont wanna read emma.....positive re-enforcement.. i do want to read emma.. 
im bored my sister left with my dad without me 
Im bored n feel shit 
I'm bored of watching my wife and kids now...i need something to do. coursework is getting boring now too 
Im bored out of my mind and its only the first day of summer vacation.... 
I'm bored right now and idk what to do...I want a car 
im bored someone speak too me 
I'm bored to death 
Im bored to death at yet another stupid business meeting  thank goodness this is the last one, whoop!
im bored to tears now 
i'm bored! no one talk to me or reply me back 
im BORED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! idk wether im goin to tthe park(or mall) 2morow because i don't think i kan get a ride!!  ill find out 4 sur. 
I'm bored, I'm cold, I'm all alone! God! I miss my friends 
I'm bored, on friday and saturday it really felt like sunday and now it is sunday, it doesn't feel like it 
I'm bored, videogames don't impress me like they use to 
im bored,tired,thirsty and hungry 
I'm bored. And tired. I can go home? 
I'm bored. Don't know what to do with myself. So much free time. Usually it would be spent with oleg 
I'm bored. Everyone wanted to leave the bar so early. Effining boring 
im bored. have to find something to do 
im bored. i didnt go to school today 
i'm bored. i don't want to sleep. 
i'm bored. i wanna watch the maine agaiiiin! warped tour huhuhu 
im bored. internet can be a bitch! 
I'm bored. It was a great day but I'd rather be at a party right now, than sitting here alone. 
I'm bored. I've got no classes. 
Im bored. Lets chat. Text me. i have to be up and at college for exam by 745. 
Im bored. lonely, and hungry. 
I'm bored. Make my day 
i'm bored. really really bored. wonder where my woman/s went? 
I'm bored. So tired but can't sleep.  I hate my life. Fuck...
im bored.. RC is goin maintenance 
I'm bored... and I haven't seen my bf in... four days? five? Idk. I MISH MEH JOSHIE   *no I ish not gay. I ish Bi*
I'm bored... Don't want to stay home tonight, but don't want to spend money  blah
I'm bored... everyone's at the Sale of the Century while I have to be at work.    I hope the rain holds off for them, though!
I'm bored... It's amazing that I've run out of things to do. 
im bored... my gf won suck my nipple  lol i wish my computer worked.
I'm bored... This computer is pissing me off.. I'm hungry.. And my mouth still hurts like 9 hells... 
Im bored....  But blasting the Archie Album... 
im bored...boo  anyone else bored or is it just me here :S
i'm boreeeeeeeeed! 
im boring ireland and its raining 
i'm boring..!!! too lazy to do my homework..goodbye 
I'm boring.... at work... 
i'm boring~ at my office there is nothing to intersting 
I'm bout 2 kill dis DOG yall if i don't it's going to kill me ! first thing first i need cold water i'm HOT!!!!! 
Im bout to cry 
I'm breaking out omg  go away fucking pimples. I never break out. Stupid life.
I'm breaking out;  it makes me sad cause I NEVER breakout.
I'm broke bitch  shit sucks! I need to take out a loan or something. Any takers?
IM BROKE!!!! ... Why did I come here?? 
I'm bugging with Office 2007 numbering problem. e.g  Heading 2 is displayed as &quot;5.1&quot; and Heading 3 under 5.1 showing as &quot;3.1.1&quot;.  
I'm building my own website but i was not good enough to make this pretty  so i think i need someone expert on this.. and that's my momma!
i'm Bumbed about the lego batman being sold out 
Im bummed asher roth won't make it today  @itsonalexa
I'm bummed because it's Sunday and I have to work. That means less time I get to spend with my man  WORK SUCKS! Happy Father's Day Dads!
I'm bummed Petr's plane is delayed 2 hours, which means I won't be there to greet him.  More than I bit bummed right now. #fb
I'm bummed that I can't wear my sweet Nike kicks to work. 
I'm bummed that I didn't get TEDx tickets 
I'm bummed that I'll be missing the @Net2NO/@nakedpizza mashup tomorrow night 
Im bummed that KL has no good live music/concert culture!!  gotta get more in Syd and the states...
I'm bummed that we aren't able to hike the San Juan trail tomorrow since we can't find a ride.  I guess we hike on our own then.
I'm bummed that yesterday was a holiday here and the DPD dude is still MIA with my packages.. which means I'll get them next week now 
I'm bummed..left on my lonesome to play single.    Let the count down begin 14.
I'm burned by the sun!!!the sun at the north sea was great. But now my skin is aching 
im burnt  but its worth it!!!
Im burnt n sore  wanna go out too!
I'm buying makeup tonight wohooo not for me though :p I'm still on project 10 pan 
I'm camera-less for about 3 weeks 
I'm carrying my Emily's grandmothers casket tommorrow. 
I'm catchin a damn cold 
I'm catching a cold AGAIN I feel crappy.  &amp; I totally forgot tonight was a new episode of Jon &amp; Kate, thnx for the reminder ET!
im ccccoooooooooold and its rainy 
I'm celebrating the day with my Friends at Divine Savior .. 
I'm certain that I should never have to leave a bah. So how come I has to?  
I'm changing my eating habits with the plan from @brookeburke.  Not too bad, but have headache from no caffiene 
I'm cheating on {twitter} with myspace  caught up!!
I'm checking my tropical fish. Some of them have very short lives. 
I'm checking out my mails. I miss teaching on-line 
im chillin' after a gazillion dance recitals!! sooooo much fun! miss you uliana! 
im chilling after a crazy weekend!! also got dumped by my boyfriend last week so trying to get over him  x
I'm cleanig my room 
Im cleaning my aquarium and 3 fish died instantly in the container I put them in. Guess they didn't like the change. 
i'm cleaning my room up  
im cleaning my room, ughh im really boreed 
i'm cleaning the flat its taking hours 
I'm clicking my heels, but nothing's happening......Guess I'll keep on clicking until it finally happens...there's no place like home 
I'm closer where I started....chasing after you........I'm fallin even more in love with you* holding on to all I've held on to 
I'm cold   Going to play some WoW.
I'm cold  and bored. And feeling like shit
im cold  and im sorry harry
I'm cold  and nothing seems to be working today like its supposed too...let's see if I can fix something...
I'm cold  bout to wake lil boy up and feed him
Im cold  Its summer this isnt right!
i'm cold  lol
I'm cold and hungry, Jelene where are you? We're dieing here woman!! 
I'm cold and I really have to pee  But the toliet seat will be colldddd -whines- BAHAHAHAHA. yes I thought i'd tell you all that
I'm cold and sleepy and I don't wanna work ALL DAY tomorrow. 10-5 and 6-midnight. 
I'm cold now 
I'm cold, cause the heating has been turned down - I'm as rugged up as I can be 
i'm cold, not a good wheather here  with silver clouds... that makes me want to be in my pjs all day
I'm cold, tired and I wanna sleep SO MUCH. But I have a lot to study  xoxo I should start it asap 
I'm cold. 
I'm cold...   I'm alone...  I'm bored...  I'm hungry... OH wait it's lunch time 
i'm coming back from gym and i feel totally relaxed... But still some work to do  someone heeeelp!
im coming down with a cold 
I'm coming down with a cold, or the flu, or swine flu, or ebola. Contractors don't get sick leave 
Im coming home soon i wanna hang out with you guys sooo bad  ily &lt;/3
i'm coming home today after a super fun trip... glad to be with my B-Mac tonight, i miss her 
Im coming to terms with not having tickets for tomorrow  and Ive just made choc crispy cakes!
i'm compiling pictures for the picture album we got from prom  it makes me nostalgic
i'm completely bored with Sims 3. 
i'm concerned Lucy Danziger is too skinny! (and i'm bummed hissyfit wasn't mentioned in her sunscreen segment this am!) 
i'm concernicus that a fake celebrity can tweet a lie that he was assaulted by an actual celebrity and that it all makes the news... 
I'm conducting a site health and safety inspection and this time have added the divebombing territorial seagulls as they scare me 
I'm confused  i.ll let yall have dat ;) @beamoodyrose @WeedChieffa goodnight
I'm confused as to why people put my name in &quot;tweets&quot; that have nothing to do with me??? Come on people- don't use me 
Im confused by twitter 
i'm confused with my feeling!! am i love or just like him??? i need someone to help me!!!! huhhhhhh... 
I'm confused. Normally, everyone should be happy in this situation, but I am not 
Im congested. And have nothind to do tonight 
Im considering deleting my twitter 
im contacting PAWS Philippines so i can find &quot;tiger&quot; a new owner. im so sad. i love my dog soo much 
I'M CONTAGIOUS ONCE AGAIN!!! NO FAIR! NO FUN! 
im contemplating booking a flight to LA, renting a car and making my gf talk to me 
I'm contemplating performing a late term abortion on my keg of Amber Ale. I've never dumped an entire keg before....  #homebrew
I'm converting a SQL Server DW app to run on Oracle. Not exactly fun: T-SQL â‰  PL/SQL   4 days of non-stop regex so farâ€¦
I'm convinced i need this hamburger. All my jeans are falling off of me 
I'm convinced my crackberry is whackberry...It's dead as a doorknob again. I had to move from Uber twitter to the web 
I'm convinced something is wrong with me. I want to come home 
I'm convinced that I'm the worst dish loader ever. And I've burnt my poptarts thanks to deezy  blehh.
I'm convinced that my dad likes @chriscavallucci better than me. He gave him his new address, but not me 
Im cooooold 
I'm 'cotton headed' now 
I'm coughing like mad!  I need t see the doctor! 
I'm coughing up a storm  it seems I'll never get better.
i'm covered in dust and sweat. eww 
I'm cramping 
I'm crap at Mario Kart online 
I'm craving a quesadillaaa with sour cream and guacamole 
I'm craving food like nobody's business! 
I'm craving for miso salmon &amp; sushi   Maybe it'll make me feel better?  I'm always thinking about food!
I'm craving for shit 
I'm craving for the long weekend... 
I'm craving Laughing Cow Cheese with slices of summer sausage (yum!) on Wheat Thin Crackers. 
I'm craving some KenTaco Hut right now 
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
im crossin my fingerz...hopin tht thngz will work out gr8...lovin my life..missin my otha half 
im cryin listen to mcfly, falling in love  such a gd song, crying no :'(
I'm crying inside as I type this but I put 2 and 2 together and I think I'm allergic to strawberries  May be getting test 2morrow to see.
I'm crying inside because the Nintendo presser was 4 blocks from me &amp; I couldn't be there 
i'm crying so much! i can't watch the mcfly videos in Brazil! they're so perfect! i wanted to go back in time! love ya!  i want them! 
I'm crying. I'm crying. I'm crying. I'm crying. I'm crying. J'en peux plus... 
im cuddling with a giant winnie the pooh bear and listening to seether. im 17  
I'm currently concentrating on getting my 'five a day' to make up for yesterday 
Im currently doing a real life version of my avatar pic ... i seem to be a very putrid shade of green .. Still work in 2 hours 
I'm currently walking to work. No british gp for me 
Im cursed with natural 80's bangs 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's giving me the worst headache! Not to mention my entire mouth is killing me..ugh 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me! My mouth has never hurt so bad  This will be wisdom tooth #2.
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me. My mouth has never hurt so bad!  This makes wisdom tooth #2.
I'm cutting my hair 
i'm dead 
@jeverington That really is rubbsh  Its the 17th here already. Bloody americans!!!
@jewelgen. You should be answering a mssg on FL from FL but ur there instead. 
@jeweljk  sorry to hear  my puppy had that
@JewellsAvenue I've been bad in that department. Haven't been writing. Monday I'm back focused.   It's horrible. How about you--writing?
@jewelmadrid Bash! Miss you. 
@JewelryL8dy I heard it was really good! My boyfriend went without me  but he said he wants to take me and see it! Let me know!
@JewelryTVHost unfortunately no 
im dead tired.. feel like a hug 
im dead!! i walked around 4 most of the day half asleep 
I'm dead.. totally dead ! lol last exam tomorrow.. im so looking forward.. i don't want to sleep.. i NEED to sleep 
i'm deadddd  such bad luck, it's hilarious.
I'm deep &amp; sensitive ... Apparently!! I feel neither deep nor sensitive right now!  Still feel awful, but trying to sty positive. There's
im def goin to run the treadmill when i get home, gotta get ridda this stress 
I'm def havin an i miss my brother moment...but then again i have 1 of those evryday so.... 
i'm deffinetly(sp?) immune to the sun 
I'm definitely not Sleeping tonight 
I'm definitely noticing lack of love for google latitude. What started as about 20 friends has now dropped to 4 who bother with updates 
I'm Demanding A Refund On This Weather!! 
i'm depressed  and i don't know why 
im depressed on this pretty day  Everyone either is doing something or CAN'T...bleh -.-
I'm determined to figure out where Nevaeh is... I have to find her before I drive myself crazy 
I'm determined to find my camera charger today  i neeeed it! had a good night in London with Chris !
im devastatd my tv boyfrnd @brianangelday26 is deleting his twitr due2 his personal life  i gues il hav2eat some ben&amp;jerys2get ovr it
I'm disappointed  what i thought was going to be the best thing to be apart of turned out to be the worst! GOD HAS SOMETHING BETTER 4 ME!
i'm disappointed by someone... 
I'm disappointed that Earth 2100 fell off trending topics as fast as it did  I hope those who watched it will take action asap #green
I'm disappointed with myself...didn't realize that child dedications were today 
im disappointed. no chips and salsa 
Im disgusted by how bad i was yesterday 
I'm dismayed!  The new #Aqua single is only available from iTunes Denmark!!!  #iTunesFail 
Im ditching Chey. SORRY 
I'm dizzy today @@ Also I already miss my friends. Boo hoo   In happier stuffs... SUPESHARU GENEREISHON LOVE http://bit.ly/2dDc7
I'm do nauseated I just want to crawl in bed and stay there. 
I'm doin a show august 15th in chicago but I wanna be there for the &quot;Taste Of Chicago&quot; this weekend 
I'm doin nothin all day 
i'm doing a lot of exams... haven't got time for nothing  SORRY,
I'm doing homeworks 
im doing jackSH**  &amp;bad mood blah
i'm doing my Art assessment task 
i'm doing my english homework.. it's so boring. 
Im doing my history essay rough copy...... Okay so attempting to do it... School you make me sad 
i'm doing my last exams today ...but i feel ill 
I'm doing my project that's due in 2 days. I totally forgot about it  So sad
I'm doing my task for presentation... 
im doing nestle work now...*upset* cant join my family gathering    working now~~
im doing nothing at all..... 
im doing nothing because my car is all sick. 
I'm doing nothing! 
I'm doing the HOOVERING because someone else is sleeping in my room for 10 days  http://tinyurl.com/qmhow7
I'm doing the house of english 
i'm doing what single people do.....about to buy a tub of ice cream, mint chocolate chip will never be the same to me....  
im done editing my high school barkada's friendster account. MISSING THE OLD DAYS 
I'm done embarassing myselfff, and i'm burnt   &lt;3Elizabeth
I'm done w/ driving fr the wk &amp; i'm starving! No time to eat tho, it's off to the dentist now boohoo 
im done with both my finals yet was told i have to stay til eleven  i've been done for twenty minutes
im done with everything i need to do,packing is done the car is loaded. i will miss everyone so much  leaving at 4:00 in the morning. 
i'm done with scrubs, wanna watch the last 2 eps of twin peaks, but i don't think i can take 2 series finales in one day. 
I'm done with Take Notice Pre Production (what a great week) and now I got some mixing to do.  Oh and my back hurts 
I'm done with this Dim Sum shit, not trying to see asian food for a minute...  bye curried squid
I'm done with work!!!! Oh and it starts to poor down rain #fail 
I'm done! this year is officially over! summer vacay...well until Monday for TAKS academy  (I still can't believe I'm doing summer school)
I'm down @HeartBreakV waitin on u....haha. But I'm still mad  my wii is gone!!!!
Im down now 
im downstairs revising for my geography exam tomos. argh, not good  i have 7 case studies to learn&amp; 4 topics. .. http://bit.ly/7YWMZ
I'm drawing manga for my homework...Watching tv, nothing interesting  sorry!!!!
im dreading going to work 
I'm dreading going to work 
I'm dreading my man leaving on Tuesday. 
I'm dreading the day our landlord rents the apt next door. We share a wall (in every room). I can hear him just walking around in there. 
im dreading tomorrow, waking up at 4:20 
im dreading work tonight 
I'm drowning my sorrows in the bath tub with a glass of sparkling white grape juice 
Im drowning n boredom...lol..and the g-ma is driving me up a wall...save me..   &lt;| ImPeRfEcT AnGeL |&gt;
I'm drunk n I'm driving all they way to sj from vallejo  what abummer...
I'm dumb tight, y some dude who's name I believe is SWINE FLU just coughed on me maddddd hard. Like I felt the air go thru my ears 
I'm dunk as he'll 
i'm dying a slow painful death... i am not surprisingly upbeat 
I'm dying for chocolate its just not funny 
im dying of lack of sleep, my weekwnd and now my week start have not been very rest friendly 
I'm dying on my bed. Like, so much pain I can't even breathe. (I tore up my feet today.) Help me 
I'm dying to think too much. 
I'm dyinnnggg forcing myself to study for these finals! 
I'm eating a pretzal. I can't delete tweets here and jtv isn't working. =/ the internet hates me 
Im eating all my stock of chocolates and staying in bed during all the day! nah think im kinda down in myself... 
Im eating and going Home Fuck going out ! I just wanted to see Pinky ! Mood: Uber Sad 
i'm eating banana cake. so sorry if i make ya'll hungry 
I'm eating cereal; sulking because I broke my washing machine 
Im eating chocolate for breakfast!? 
I'm eating now ...ouch my stomach hurts 
I'm eating orginal style beer nuts (which are just normal peanuts you're supposed to have with beer? maybe?) and attempting chem 
I'm eating sand. Yay 
i'm eating shortcake with no srawberries....its not the same 
I'm either always on the train or at work 
I'm eligible for an upgrade at a discounted price only from12/16/2009!!! Shud hv seen that coming...totally ignored the (For some) clause 
I'm emailing some pics from today to my mom, then heading off to bed. Gotta start out in the morning back to Missouri  Want to stay here!
I'm enjoying a Bud Light Lime on the deck!  I'd have more than one if I wasn't on call and working tomorrow 
I'm enjoying having my weekends free again. Even if I am a quitter 
i'm enjoying the disco now...know? hauhauh 
I'm enjoying the fact that I can't have my birthday off! 
Im enjoying the sun with sanne and ingeborg! We just had our last exam biology! It was kinda easy! Let me get my tosti! 
i'm even more nackered now after dsmt  watching the eurovision song contest, norway are on. how the heck did he win...??
I'm excited for a math final... I love math. I'm a huge freak. 
Im excited for Runyon tomorrow.. havn't done it in a month! 
i'm excited. @lykagonzalez missed it! 
I'm exhausted  Hoping that my injury is healed quickly. Have a nice night everybody.
im exhausted and i have to go pick my cousins up from the bar at 2am. so sad that i cant sleep 
im exhausted and sweaty 
I'm exhausted I stayed out in the sun too long today, I have a red nose 
im exhausted! shittiest day ever dont ask going to bed and praying for a better day 2moro!! 
im exhausted.  at least i dont have a splitting headache like my sister does.    http://www.teamhydro.org
I'm exhausted. Movie just ended and I have to be up in like 6 hours  Night.
I'm exhausted. The cleaning is done, the packing is done and everything is ready for tomorrow. Now a nap before I go to work tonight. 
I'm exhausted... Going to go eat and then I go to bed. Get up tomm and face another crrrazy day. 
I'm EXHAUSTED...It's weird because I finally fell asleep last night and slept but I feel sooo tired. My eyes feel heavy and I feel dizzy 
i'm exhausting the update page on my ipod touch and have been for days, c'mon apple i just want beejive 
I'm experiencing a Verizon Wireless data outage 
i'm extremely bored, i think i might just go to bed. sleeping is gonna suck tonight 
Im extremely depressed at d moment 
Im extremely disappointed with the mikey show.....you cant go if youre under 21...damn my 20 year oldness. That just killed my mood 
im extremley bored , i also tried to help my baby quail get out of the egg shell today, but it already died , i got it out anyway 
i'm f*'n bored and twitter isn't doing the trick-guess i'll jus stick to the rules from now on and jus twit 'what i'm doin' at the moment 
i'm facing d toughest condition!! 
I'm fallin in love, but its fallin apart.I need to find my way back to the start. When we were in love. Let me back into your arms 
I'm falling  in love with John Lennon all over again 
i'm falling asleep  and i still have tons of hw to do.. jhygtnmk!
I'm falling asleep at the keyboard. 
im falling inlove with a muslim, this cant be! uuhhh! 
Im far to bony  haha
Im fasting today. Haha i made a resolution not to disturb the ppl arnd him anymore. But, why isnt he talking to me? 
i'm fat. i'm so effing sore from braveheart. for reals. 
Im fed up blocking people now  i hate twitter.. 18 followers.. all advertising.. twitter sucks! Already blocked 25!
I'm feel deflated. Ugh. No more dog. 
im feelin down, my sister said im ugly &quot;u need to change ur face, get a plastic surgery&quot; even she said she was joking. it hurts me so bad 
i'm feelin reeeeeally sick right now 
I'm feeling @PoodieTheByz pain today.  I just lost a money that was meant to pay my rent...looks like I'm drinking tonight 
i'm feeling a bit sleepy. Cold to hot does that to me :/ hrmmm I'm bored. My exam is like... NOT A NORMAL EXAM  uni is shit! 
I'm feeling a great deal of anxiety about english  i may have to resort to some unorthodox methods to pass.
I'm feeling a little 
i'm feeling a little down  i don't know why!!
im feeling a little sad today 
I'm feeling a little sick 
I'm feeling a little under the weather   Not so fun
I'm feeling bad, I am worried and bad!!!  All day is so sad..   
I'm feeling bored because that person's asleep already and I have no one to text. 
I'm feeling cold and haven't eaten chocolate since Christmas...I want chocolate 
I'm feeling completly sick to my stomach 
I'm feeling creative. And wish I still had all of my art supplies 
I'm feeling decidedly ickky! 
im feeling dizzy right now.. 
im feeling down   
I'm feeling down 
im feeling down and low... how can people be so insensitive? 
im feeling down and theres no one around to talk to  goodnight world.
I'm feeling ecstatic!! I met James Matthews and Josh Wilkinson and got James Towel xD, maan my ears are still ringing and my throat hurts 
i'm feeling exhausted *sigh* i've no freemtime at all anymore..i miss you guys so much 
Im feeling exhausted after my uncles memorial today! i have not cried so much in a long time 
Im feeling full of cold and no one to talk to 
I'm feeling glum  after seeing all the family and missing all the young 'uns grow up
I'm feeling good--finally!  Now tomorrow I double my dosage and I'm sure I'll be tired all week again.    #fb
I'm feeling great today except the jeep needs maintance and I have to drive the car today  not so good
im feeling horrible  i dont know why i just feel rly super bad i hope this doesnt last
i'm feeling hungry. i wish i knew how to cook. boo 
i'm feeling kind of sick 
I'm feeling kinda bad right now.  Pretty overwhelmed.  I only slept 2 hours and I think I'm having a panic attack 
I'm feeling like Reese Witherspoon in &quot;Rendition&quot;.  5 hours since Jamie landed and still no word from him...      &lt;commence worrying&gt;
I'm feeling lonely today 
I'm feeling lonely today; I miss my family 
I'm feeling lonely.... I miss my fella 
I'm feeling mixed emotions just now! Happy that I'm off work tomoz but sad that Primeval has officially been axed  BOOOO to ITV!!
I'm feeling much better, went out and got a little crazy Thursday night. But, now I'm worried bout Zoey, my pup's sicky sick. 
I'm feeling not too good, I have a cold.. hope it will not turn into a flu 
Im feeling numb yet vulnerable.but i have 2 stay focus.at least for a day.. I need a moment alone yet my friends 2 be here 
I'm feeling old...90s rock is starting to creep onto my CLASSIC rock station 
I'm feeling physically and mentally exhausted right about now.  It has been a busy 2 weeks Still, must get stuff done today.
I'm feeling quite lonely 
I'm feeling quite upset right now, because of Mary!!! 
I'm feeling really lost and unsure about everything lately and I really don't like it 
im feeling sad for some reason 
I'm feeling severely handicapped right now 
Im feeling sick and miserable my stom,ach is going to diee!! Oreinteering was not healthy for it  Anywayy school tommorrow is a maybe (n)
I'm feeling sick the first night of camp, not a good way to start out the week 
I'm feeling sick today 
I'm feeling sick...just wanna go to bed and sleep...but there's so much stuff to do 
im feeling sleeeppyyy... in office and no work 
I'm feeling so depressed, I don't know what to do 
I'm feeling so frustrated...I just can't get things to work!!  
I'm feeling so powerless... Now I have to do some homework stuff. A nasty photoshop exercise 
I'm feeling so sick right now! Don't know what to do anymore 
I'm feeling so tired without 2 nights of sleep. I wanna go for a swim!! 
i'm feeling soooo much better yes! ahhh bored though waitin for the boo to text me 
I'M FEELING SORRY 4 MYSELF BUT I HAVE TO STICK IT THROUGH. (I'M WITH MY DAD!) 
I'm feeling sorry for myself - I have a nasty cold 
Im feeling sort of cranky 
I'm feeling sort of panicy. boo 
I'm feeling super average today... 
I'm feeling super sick! I am sick. Lol going to sleep. 
I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this. 
im feeling tired now  but gota keep going...angus thongs and snoggings is such a good movie
I'm feeling too sad ,because my bestfriend 's going to SÃ£o paulo in june  . 
I'm feeling under the weather... I found out I have a fever 
I'm feeling very alone at the moment   Mh..I'm going to leave now.
I'm feeling very ignored 
I'm feeling very lonely  why my mother don't want to stay at home or go out with me  - http://tweet.sg
im feeling very sad for david cook and his family  It makes me wanna cry
I'm feezing outside! Stupid wifi won't work inside no more. 
im fiending to see kasabian again 
i'm fighting the need 2 start on my meds again. this is a tuff one kids!  
I'm fighting to let go of the pillow top  I have to make moves. Got no sleep    Still have a headache. Suckin it up &amp; pressn on!
I'm fightn sleep I'm soo tired hope this red bull works 
im fill a little better yay pian in my fucking chest  love you so much matt XD
I'm filling out information for PRS, it's horrible 
I'm finally 18 and today i am gonna do fun stuff that you can do when you turn 18. not a tattoo though. lameee. i want one 
I'm Finally 18 Babes!!!! â™¥ ;) These Drinks Got My Stomach Feeling Bad 
I'm finally cleaning out my car from my last road trip! In march. 
I'm finally done my art project! But I still have the exam tomorrow 
Im finally eating a little. i want mimi. and yes kevin is cheering me up. but i want him here  please get him.
I'm finally getting the hang of this twitted thing...no ones following me 
I'm finally home! ... but only for a week 
I'm finally home, and I am beyond exhausted! I just wanna lay down and fall asleep anywhere. Lol. And I want a foot massage! 
I'm finally home. Weekends are my fav!! Wish all the boooys were back in tooooowwwn!!    Miss mah baby!! @breck15
Im finally home.....I need. A damn drink today was rough 
im finally lying down with no distractions.... and It doesnt seem 2 b working... ugh im actually sleepy which is the sucky part about it 
I'm finally on my way home from berkeley...tis was a good weekend. now to stress over all the studying and final paper preparation that I 
i'm finally on!!!  i still have no idea how to do this from my blackberry storm though   anyone?
I'm finally recovering from last nigt! Champagne patron and vodka...I was askin for it 
I'm finally starting to get the hang of this windows media player....maybe 
i'm finally up lol, first day off uni for a while and i have to study all day for exam tomorrow  
I'm finding it quite hard to believe that my baby sister is fifteen today..I feel so old. 
im finishing up the rest of Ghostbusters (the movie)... i really really wanna play the game now though 
im finishing up the rest of Ghostbusters... i really really wanna play the game 
im flippin trying to upload my pictures with the jonas brothers but its not working 
I'm foldin' clothes 
Im following Mark Malkin from E! 2 min ago said that Rob is not going to be on red carpet 2day.   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
im following robert pattinson but i doubt he is ever going to add me 
I'm following the Jonas Brothers but I can never see their tweets 
i'm following too many cool people now. i can't keep up 
I'm forced to ask users of a software product I designed and got developed by another firm to use IE ! Lord Pardon me  #security
I'm forever hungry! But I have no money for food 
I'm forgetting my Spanish  I'm becoming a gringo! :-o
im freakin starving!!!!!!!!!! i swear, i wasnt hungry when i left for work but now that im here, im sooo hungry!  hahaha
I'm freakin terrified of my room  what is Jason is up there or something!!!
I'm freakin the fuck out maaannn....... : I'm freakin the fuck out maaannn.......  http://bit.ly/2R1FU
I'm freaking eating cheerios out of an iced venti starbucks cup  so dÃ©classÃ©
I'm freaking out a little... I don't like to be pushed. I'm not ready. 
I'm freaking out about graduating 
im freaking out about summer II courses!! 
I'm freaking out about Zachy going to the dentist  I wish he didn't have to go thru this. I'd like to go outside but house is trashed.
Im freaking out omg i dont know what to do.....i wish there was someone to talk to....feel like crying 
I'm freaking out---why is my paycheck $184 less  Doesn't the state realize that I need the money. Every penny counts.
i'm freaking tired. i'm nervous about tomorrow because i'm turning down the guy that asked me to prom  fuck a duck...seriously.
i'm free now and welcome for graduation, no! high school is over! 
i'm free to concentrate on tunisiaaaaa now! even if robert has made me feel so guilty about it today 
i'm freeeezing  this isnt normal
I'm freezing 
i'm freezing  &amp;im sick. i've used prolly a whole tissue box in like 3hours.
I'm freezing and its june 
I'm freezing and numb all over. 
Im freezing my butt off  http://yfrog.com/0vsc5hj
i'm freezing! 
I'm freezing! And its not cold! Hope I'm not getting sick right before my birthday 
I'm friken bored! I'm going to work soon.. 
I'm Frizing Right Now 
im from argentina and they dont use this system of twitter, thats why i dont have many friends on twitter 
I'm from bored!!!! 
Im from where? Wont anyone talk to me? 
I'm frustrated because our wedding invitations came back with some errors...now we have to wait for round two.    Oh well...life goes on.
im fuckin sick as shit  34 days
I'm fuckin tired with all of this 
I'm fucking hungry and I can't fucking eat! Wisdom teeth out in the am 
i'm fucking hungry, but i'm too lazy to go out &amp; buy something... there's nothing to eat here 
im fucking miserable. &amp; im falling the fuck apart. 
Im fucking Pissed!, i lost my ID Again :@ not even a month 
im fucking sick. stupid bad bacteria or whaterver it is that gives me colds 
I'm full of regrets because I didn't go to Ben's chalet. They seemed to have fun there 
im full. really full. fuck!!! I totally broke my detox 
I'm gagging for a coffee but i'm not suppose to leave luggage in attended 
Im gaining back the 10 pounds i lost. Ew 
I'm gaining weight in my tummy again. 
I'm generally whiling away! 
i'm getin sick  ...who gets sick in June?!?
im getin some tonight!!! NOT...no one wants me  But im happy to say that i decide yesterday that ANNE HATHAWAY is my favorite Actres!!!
I'm gettin sleepy...Damn, tomorrow is monday huh?  gotta wake up super early...Talk 2 ya'll tomorrow. Goodnight my tweets!!!
IM GETTING A COLD AND IM NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT  
i have to get my wisdom teeth out 
I have to get on a bus and then a train and then another bus in about an hour. great. Goodbye Melbourne hello sweet, sweet Ballarat. 
I have to get ready soon  hate work
I have to get to bed now and Ms. @jhillstephens, is going to watch the lighting bugs (but not bats sigh . . .)     Deaming of dancing
I have to get up at 630am  whoever thought up this business of having jobs is really pissing me off 
I have to get up at like 5:15 when my mom goes to work in pre-op so I can have the car to go get my diploma...I want my car. 
I have to get up early so that TAYLOR can take a drug test? Ugh  I want some pain medicine and a trip to the mall!
i have to get up early tomorrow morning 
i have to get up in 6 hours...i should be asleep, but once again, i can't seem to do that 
i have to give my cousins doctor who dvd back on saturdayy 
I have to give my table and chairs back to my brother tomorrow   Yay for picnics on the dining room floor???
i have to give the cutest kitten i've ever seen away today. 
I have to give up my baby KiWi 
I have to give up on git for now  I can't waste another 3-4 days on this dead in the water   Maybe in a couple years when it doesn't suk
I have to go  bye!
I have to go 2 times tomorrow 
I have to go a week without internet 
I have to go and get some gatorade...water is not doing much anymore. 
I have to go and make dinner .. but I can't leave him! gosh it's so hard  hought it would be easier
I have to go and study  
I have to go back to school today and it's RAINY. It's been raining since last night. 
i have to go back to the real world today 
i have to go back to the university. this is getting tiring. (ahm not doing well with my friends...: 
i have to go buy stuff for killyleagh today   its too nice outside to shop
I have to go clean my room, and leave for work.  See ya'll in six hours.  
i have to go do work AGAIN 
I have to go for now. Iï¿½ll update later  love you all
i have to go get a shot. i hate shots, i'm so scared 
I have to go hit the treadmill now.....but I'm too busy watching 'The Stephen Colbert Report' 
i have to go now .. learn for the biology test on tuesday...   byye xoxo
I have to go now the doctor in the class now 
i have to go now, q saco  amanhÃ£ twittarei mais, offff couuurse, bjinhos ;@
I have to go offline...  im still sick !! -.- bye all Twitters ... Goodnight I love all my followers and all the stars ...  kiss
I HAVE TO GO OUTSIDE NOW? NOOOOO 
i have to go study ........ again 
i Have to Go Study Soon 
I have to go to a client's office near by today at 10:30 will be off twitter for some time 
i have to go to school today!!! 
I have to go to school today? 
i have to go to school tomorrow.. so i guess i'll just sleep now  freaking sucks! but yeah, goodnight!
i have to go to school.   stupid IB.
I have to go to sleep.... ugh!  Im not tired  Nite, nite twitterville!!
i have to go to summer school 
i have to go to the doctor today  mehhhhh. i want pizza.
I have to go to the doctor today, but I don't wanna get up and shower and pretend to not feel like I drank too much last night. 
I have to go to the parts store and get a gasket for my van's water pump...but I don't wanna. 
i have to go to work and my clothing is still all damp  i hate it when that happens
I have to go to work now and make absolutely no money 
i have to go to work now without my computer  so weird.
I have to go to work tomorrow. 
I have to go to work with out my @andrajoi and @treykinkade 
I have to go tweeters  tweet you soon xo
I have to go with Abi today. HAHA ! Time for breakfast. I miss Mcdo`s pancakes 
I have to go.  Bye!
I have to go..  awws.... I want to freak out more!
I have to have it.. http://bit.ly/11tuDF  
I have to help out at scout camp. 1 adult from each group &amp; I'm the only adult in our group free  Its 8:30-3:00 for 3 days but he loves it
i have to help with my sisters13th birthday party stuff.I have a terrible headache already! 
I have to learn a song for my english class. I donÂ´t know what song sing  Any idea?
i have to learn for biology...and i hate it 
i have to leave 
I have to leave for school in like 10 minutes.......I hate school, like all HS are done yet I still have to go, not fair 
I have to leave in 30 mins for baby sitting. fml. I don't know why I agreed to this. 
I have to let it charge some more 
I have to lose som weight I look so fat   serioulsy at least 10 punds, so I'm going for a run now!!
I have to make a desicion that will affect my life for a couple of years.....Im not sure what to do 
I have to make a list of all the electronic devices in my roomâ€¦ that's gonna be a long list 
I have to make due with Guitar Hero for PS2 since I don't have my 360  Oh, the nostalgia.
i have to meet Dr.Adnan NOW ooH meshwa aljam3ah mo8reef 
I have to miss the pbp because I'll be in the lab all day and there's no wifi in the lab 
i Have to my own laundry today, clean my kleets, Study for math, convince my mom to let me go to train bridge, and probably other stuff 
I have to pack  I don't wanna go! And I want to go!!! Life is so hard and then you die...
I have to pack the car in the rain. It makes me not want to go. 
I have to pack tonight.  I hate packing.  Almost as much as I hate unpacking 
I have to pee 
i have to pee so badly. i think if i don't get up within 30 seconds, i'm going to have to change my underwear. 
I have to peeeeeee so bad 
I have to pick between news paper &amp; chamber choir next year 
I have to piss but i dont want to get up 
i have to poo but it's just not happening.... 
I have to put my babies (a Cavoodle and a Japanese Chin) to bed as I an going out for dinner and they miss me  http://twitpic.com/68tr6
I have to put up w/ one of my gymnastics teammates today, shes so fucking annoying 
I have to reach school by 8.30 because my grp mates don't have a thumbdrive. 
i have to read 2 books for tomorrow, i have a test, 2 retakes ext... i haven't done ANYTHING ! i'm gonna fail school !  someone help me !
i have to record the rest of the mtv movie awards 
I have to remember my password at gmail.com 
i have to rest! 
I have to return my new Cruzer flash drive 
I have to say I much preferred the old iPhoto Facebook export tool. The new one sucks hairy donkey balls 
I have to say it's very saddening that 'Yes Minister' still reflects how cabinet ministers appear to behave under Labour 
I have to score well !!! tomorrow is the Exam day 
I have to see the dentist today.  I like my actual dentist I just hate the demonic nurses.
I have to seek my business. It is very difficult. 
I have to sleep  n i miss updating my status at facebook
i have to sleep now. gotta get up early tomorrow. . dang! its saturday! another busy day day. . 
I have to start killing calves now 
I have to stay at my dads house over the weekend. 
I have to stay in Oslo because of Eger, Apollo and new project for  Helly Hansen.I HATE THAT I ALWAYS CHOOSE THE JOB 
I have to stop baking for 2 months so I can discard all these effing pounds! I gained 10! 
I have to stop doing something that hurts me  i cant watch the teli or watch movies for 6 months.
I have to stop procarstinating already!! 
i have to straighten up my room .... i don't wanna 
I have to study  something obout electromagnetism...... but later I will play some basketball 
I have to study a lot for me to finish the exam properly now onwards, no time for slacking. 
i have to study all day because I didn't do anything yesterday!! 
I have to study and go on studying until dinner time 
i HAVE to study but i don't WANNA, what should i do? science is too boring 
I have to study criminal law, because my exam will be on wednesday, and this week I learned nothing yet. 
i have to study for english and biology exams today. blahh i dont wanna 
I have to study language and comunication for tomorrow's exam 
i have to study now 
I have to study now!!!.....Badly 
I have to study physics and chemestry now.. but I only want to be with you  good luck today in the explanation!
I have to study! 
I have to studyyy soooooo muchh   todayy if the jonas wouldnt pospone,i will be on my way to monterrey with my familyy..soo sad 31JULY
i have to swim today for P.E. and i HATE swimming at school. ahhh save me 
I have to take Bean to the vet today -- her left back leg keeps hurting her 
I have to take the pig out of my locker 
I have to tidy my room now.  This is going to be long ... 
I have to turn my cellphone off during my apes exam  
I have to wait 63 more days til @Jonasbrothers. boo.  lucky Dallas-living people.
i have to wait till saterday to watch trancformers cuz it alredy started and the next show is at 5 and ends 9 
I have to wait until I get home to update to 3.0  
i have to wake at 5 am :S to take a shower and then go back to sleep 
I have to wake up at 5:30 tomorrow morning. 
i have to wake up in 5 hours  laameeee
I have to wake up in 5 hours. Ew 
I have to wake up in 6 hours, drive 3 hrs to Dallas to start a 10 hour day. I dont wanna! 
I have to wake up in less than 7 hours....it is hot as Hades in my apt though 
I have to wash my face and hair... BULLL SHIT!!  ...Lol...
I have to watch some stupid film in english  better then working thou ;)
i have to work 
i have to work 9-4 tomorrow 
i have to work all day and wake up early tomorrow 
i have to work alllllll weekend.... i never get a day off  but hey, i'm making BANK!!!!
I have to work at 6.30 tonite  I really don't wanna go
I have to work during @blakeypoo's b day party  the only solution? Take a few shots before work. See you guys at 11
I have to work from 9 - 2 on Mothers day 
I have to work in 8 hours 
i have to work in the morning  booo no fun!
Im getting a headache 
I'm getting a headache 
I'm getting a headache  not good
I'm getting a headache from listening to the tape and transcribing 
im getting a pot belly 
I'm Getting Along With Twitter Very Well I Think I'll Like It If I Have Some Friends! 
Im getting attacked by mosquitoes 
i'm getting bitter with mapua. even though there is one patient in makati that has the h1n1, still, there is no suspension. 
i'm getting bored by greenday's newest songs - what is happening?!? they used to be so awesome 
im getting bored of my relationship!  what to dooooooooooooooo.......
i'm getting braces in 1 hour. ughh!   on the upside, miley is nominated for 10 teen choice awards! vote now! go! go! go! go! go! go!
I'm getting close, maybe a couple more days and I will have it, or several more inches, but that will never happen 
I'm getting cornered out of everything.  No`ffense. But I can't catch up coz @rkshipper has a comm that I'm not &quot;allowed&quot; YET to be in. 
im getting discouraged at work.seriously.nothing is happening as planned 
I'm getting excited that Korea is closer, but a little sad to leave home too 
I'm getting fatty, lazzy and dumbdumb day by day.. 
I'm getting frustrated cuz I can't figure out how to find the only 2 people I KNOW are on here!!!! 
I'm getting in the bed, I feel like crap 
I'm getting irritated, my iPOD is missing 
im getting jealous of the looks of my old friends in mtl  they look amazing and im just.. -- PFFT .
I'm Getting Married in 2 months n u know what... I'm not passionately madly in love 
I'm getting more and more people asking where they can buy the #Ambients album. Simple answer is &quot;not yet&quot;  It'll be on iTunes eventually
I have to work in the morning. 
i have to work on fathers day 
I have to work seriously ! It's hard when it's sunny outside and when people are celebrating music 
I have to work this morning  no sat morn cartoons.
I have to work today instead of spending time with my dad 
i have to work tom morning 
I have to work tomorrow and will miss the lions match 
I have to work tonight  But I get my paycheck! 
I have to work Wednesday. 
i have to write a boring geography essay for school 
I have to write a speeh for graduation this Wednesday..great. and to top it off, I have to read it in front of 400 people 
i have to write about maupassant le port...and i don't even wanna do that 
I Have to write the Departmental report. As always not enough time 
i have tons to pack and a hurricane of a room to sort out. i wana sleeeeeep! 
I have tonsilitis. Isn't that fun?? 
I have too many songs to fit on my iPod. 
I have too much homework to do today 
I have toothache. =/ (via @PussyPrevails) awwwww 
I have toothpaste in my hair 
i have towork from 6 to 10  snif snif
I have tried goign through SB and my own SS page but its not working!! 
i have troubles installing The Sims.. 
I have tummy ache.  Probably not helped by eating /that/ many tic tacs.
i have twilight syndrome, it's very annoying 
I have two big blisters on my tongue from biting myself yesterday 
i have two days off in a row...wht am i gunna do? brian has to work..... 
i have two holes in my body- one in my heart and the other in my leg  FIX ME PLEASE!!
I have two more exams tomorrow. Bleh. Physics is not fun right now 
I have two options: I could up. to 3.0 here in Switz., or wait until I get home. If I do the former, I'll lose all of my music  (temp)
I have two spider bites on my arm, and they itch!!! 
I have two things in my wiki...I thought I would have more ideas. 
i have upgraded my brain-disk from 1GB to 1TB. will upgrade to 4TB if i ever needs to memorise any other thing.  costly &quot;brain-disk&quot;!
I have wasted somebodyelse time this morning. Sorry! Didn't mean to 
I have way too many applications running - feeling very sorry for my poor Mac 
I have way too much to do and I can't believe it's my last weekend here 
i have weird people following me again! i just block somebody already, they keep replying me weird things 
I have when my plans are messed up. Now i'm stuck at home 
i have whit goo allover me 
I have woken up feeling entirely shitty. Never ever have extra hot chilli sauce on ur kebab from pizzaman in h'mere 
i have woken up tired, whats the deal with that? how can i wake up and still be tired 
I have work experiance now: its a first school where sheep live.. I hate small kids 
I have work in 5hrs. 
i have work on the morning of warped 
i have work so earlyyy 
I have work soon 
i have work today.  should be fine, i hope.  hopefully i'll see alyx tonight, she's not feeling well.   everyone listen to name taken.
I have WoW back but now I have no idea what to do on it.  
i have yet to see UP yet 
i have104 followers, but ill lose them all in a min.  it keeps happening 
I havebeen cleaning my room all day, &amp; have barely made a dent. 
i havee no idea how the heck i made it to work today ?! . . is it 3;OO yet ? 
I havee to get up S0000000 early ! 
I havenï¿½t had coffee this morning  and Iï¿½m hungry.
I haven't been able to rewatch yet.  There's only one DVR in this house. I can't even go to sleep. My mind is running wild. Need 2 watch!
i haven't been around much lately, but i love all of you  entirely too much. thanks for keeping me sane &lt;33
i havent been on in a day 
i havent been on in agesss ! sorry 
i havent been on in FOREVERRR!!! i am bored with DRAMA!  urgg
I haven't been on my forum much lately. sorry.  http://tysiphonehelp.com.forum
i havent been on this in sooooooooo long  need to start checking it more often
I haven't been on this ina while so though i would come type something today. Had a maths exam c2  Was amazingly hard...so yeah.Good times
I haven't been on twitter all day, I feel un loyal 
i havent been on twitter in like three days (camping) boringh 
I havent been sleeping right for days, and days to come ! 
I haven't been this disappointed watching a sporting event in a long time. It hurts...     I'll ride with LeBron to the end tho
I haven't been this sick in a long time 
I haven't been to my house in 3 days. When I just walked in the kitchen I found I left a bunch of fruit out and its covered in mold 
I haven't been tweeting as much as usual  get back on track here nicole!!!
i haven't been twittering as often now.  SAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
I haven't clean my car anymore! Supposed I could clean it this morning..but! 
I haven't done my computer homework yet.. half way through I fell asleep 
i haven't eat anything today and i can't stop thinking of mango beer 
I haven't eaten anything... about to go to a grad. I'm gonna die. 
I haven't eaten since last night.  Super hungry, but not feeling the jello or pudding. 
I haven't eaten yettt  Food, where are you?
I haven't eating in close to 48 hours, no joke. I don't know what it wrong with my tummy 
I haven't even bothered watching Apprentice since its been on 
I haven't even left you and I miss you... my heart is sad... 
I haven't even said anything today and I losing followers 
I haven't gone to sleep yet. At all. 
i haven't got a black pen to do this application with properly  oh well, shall do it all in rough for now in blue.
I haven't got a good score at English listening class. Midterm score is sucks as well as attendence is not very good... I feel bad now. 
i havent got a myspace comment since may 29th 8:31pm 
i haven't got anything to do 
I haven't gotten a response yet, cudder 
I haven't gotten to read @ptevis 's A Penny for my Thoughtys yet. 
I haven't had a fever in a long time. I really hate being sick 
I haven't had a mike vick joke for a while, my life feels empty 
I haven't had any time to enjoy my vaca! I feel like I've been working ever since schools been over! 
i havent had my first kiss yet  waiting for the rite guy (go ahead laugh at me...) haha  #randomfact
I havent had time to be with him 
I havent had time to hang out with my friends 
I haven't had time to watch the season 2s first episode  but I missed the chance now my dvr is so full it probably erased it 
I haven't heard anything about that job I applied for  They sent me an e-mail to re-send my CV because it was apparently corrupted????
I haven't heard from @_needcaffeine. I hope his neighbors didn't kill them &amp; make skin suits out of their flesh.   I was going to do that 
i haven't heard from you once yet 
i haven't hung out with people for what feels like so long 
i havent left my cell phone at home in awhile; i feel so lost without it!  good excuse to take a walk at lunch!
i havent left the house 
I haven't left yet. But I miss home already! Ow, so much for being a baby. I've got to leave after twilight. 
I haven't made any money at affiliate marketing yet but sure have enriched the treasuries of yahoo and google 
I haven't memorie enough on my computer 
I havent met rh not even once.  SIGH
I haven't pack my camp bag and i feel lousy,shit hole  I want to bath now,so damn warm,i want destroy everything that radiate heat!
i haven't peed in almost 18 hours. i assume this is a bad thing 
I haven't posted in 3 months!!! I'm slacking 
I haven't read book 6 of Harry Potter yet... I hope the library brings it soon! Except it's the children's large print edition 
i haven't seen it.....                      Yet
I haven't seen my mom since graduation...dang I miss my crazy lady!!!!  
I havent seen Savanah since Wednesday 
I haven't seen SNL in so long.  I'm in Germany where it's not shown.
i havent seen the stars in weeks, makes me sad  good night twittervers xo
i haven't sleeeeeep!!! last nigth i couldn't dunno why when i was abot to sleep my alarm rang :@ 
I havent slept a wink... Severe Insomnia... Arghhhh... Why!!! 
I haven't slept in in a long time. 
I haven't slept well in about 2 weeks. I think I'm starting to see and hear things 
I haven't slept yet I'm so focking tired! And I'm going to &quot;try&quot; to stay up and go to brf early - drinking coffee cuz my espressos gone 
i havent spoken to my father all night, and im grounded for the next 3 weekends that im with him (Y) great. i need a cuddle 
i haven't started on studying for my finals yet. D:&gt; FML! why do i have to be sooooo damn lazy. 
i havent talked to @x3mrspattinson in 3 days . . 
I haven't talked to Hayden all day 
I havent this much in forever.. ugh 
I haven't time. 
I haven't tweeted in 4 hours ! Its 'cause my phone ran outta battery ! 
i haven't tweeted in forever! my computer has been down 
I haven't tweeted much today 
I havent twittered in like forever! I wonder what Adam is doing. I miss my baby! 
I haven't updated my site in a while...I thiink I should do that later...gosh so friggin bored. 
I haven't written any songs yet  I'm such a lazy!  At least I've been inspired by the folk evening yesterday 
I haven't yet had my doughnut today.  National Doughnut Day is today.
i haves a tummy ache 
I haveta be up and ready to go to my nans in an hr ! That shouldn't be such a big challenge =\ ! Oh god it is  =|
I havn't done anything today 
i havnt gymmed in 2 days 
I havnt played WoW in 4 months  moving is such a bitch
I havn't twittered in a while  but i'm watching the news &lt;/3Bang&lt;/3Bang
I haxor'd the A&amp;E system to get out early. Now I feel like I didn't get proper service 
I haz a headache. 
i haz a sore throat 
I haz cough 
i haz headache 
i haz teh shits 
I healed my bad mood with 2 packs of fried instant noodle with 2 eggs aaand 2 sticks of kinder chocolate plus i baked strawberry cupcakes 
i hear a baby crying...then i hear a woman yell &quot;be quiet...shut the fuck up!&quot; why r we speaking to our kids like this??? how shameful 
I hear about revolutions starting on this thing, but I can't get one going 
i hear black crowes... too bad it's not the real black crowes 
I hear everyone talk about how great twitter is and how you can follow so many cool things. I just don't know how 
I hear robert pattinson is not going to be on red carpet 2day.   (via @marcmalkin) @Twilight_info
i hear tapping on my window, like human finger tapping and I am scared because its dark and can't see anything 
I hear the ice cream man but I dont see him 
i hear there's more to life than work ... AND my grazebox didn't come.  am i being punished for stealing @stewartcutler's? 
I hear thunder I don't want to go to work today 
I hear thunder, i see lightnining, i feel rain. 
I hear thunder. I don't like thunder 
I hear you cassie my date cancelled home alone tonight 
I heard 
I heard Brokeback Mountain was terrible.
i heard da vinci code majorly sucked.
i heard da vinci code sucked soo much only 2.5 stars:
I heard he stopped singing.  It's a shameï¿½ ? http://blip.fm/~3xath
I heard Kiba crying all day! I just wanted to go over there and see him but bitches wont let me  I can take better care of him!!!
I heard my guy just go the tk supras and I wanted them  ima still cop em
I heard sad news.........I have 2 start having breakfast! 
I heard somebody is going to be killed off of CSI NY!!! NOOOOOO  so sad
I heard that the movie the hangover is really good. Out of every fucking movie that is out I'm at star trek.  http://myloc.me/2Pxy
i heard the da vinci code sucks as a movie.
I heart Ed...i want him to stay 
I heart the bow hair of Lady GaGa!!! Why there aren't any hair bow in Hong Kong! I found it in U.S. only  xx
i held two snakes today! And i put one on my chest and tried to be funny but just got scared 
i hella wanted a sausage mcmuffin but when i gt there breakfast was over 
I hella woke up wishing yesterday was just a bad dream, fuuck 
I hellaa want some greentea ice cream 
I help people with their love lifes, including my crush. It hurts a lot but I need to stand up on my own 'coz nobody won't care to help. 
I hereby declare myself as MOST UNprofessional person alive 
i hhave heard from several people that mj is decriminalized here...  in turn i have told people.  that made me a liar.  because its not.  
I highly dislike my dreams 
I hiked 11 miles up a glacier yesterday also this is the 1st time i've been on my comp in 4 days. Still no real cell coverage till thurs 
@jewels919 oh, i finished mine too 
@jewelsmyfav @summerwalker let his old ass stand then I hope that's the only seat available for his entire ride! Smdh... I'm digusted! 
@jewelsmyfav Phoenix where are you?  Good news: I got a BB...well, technically its in the mail so I don't have it yet! LOL
@JewelStaite &lt;small voice&gt;I sometimes sit on aisle and sleepï¿½&lt;/small&gt; cuz I'm too tall for airlines, and that's the only way my legs fit 
@JewelStaite It happened when MTV stopped playing music and became a reality TV network 
@jeyowenji I guess so. 
@Jez_Merckel a BBC sign dropped on my car yesterday....BMW now have it back for a week to repair 
@jez_the_cheetah She's left now  It is such a shame =/  http://bit.ly/1RfzW
@jez_the_cheetah That would be funny, if Yasmina was the one offering Sir Alan a job! Ok...not so funny now i wrote it down  #apprentice
@jez_the_cheetah Yeah but how would u know if u were?? 
@JezDeliversDPS - never a good thing when a doctor breaks out the heavy stuff. 
@jezebelalli Stop talking about new albums. Perfume is going to have a new album sometime...this year 
@jezharvey Be nice! 
@jezharvey Been there, done that, didn't get a t-shirt 
@jezhiggins I've let my hair grow a bit longer and noticed I've got a few grey hairs - age marches on for us all 
@Jezriyah *Does weird handclap/train move motion thing with felsight burning*  BYE BYE BYE! (Had a friend in college who knew the dance) 
@Jezriyah I can't even read entries from the office. 
@Jezriyah The end of good things always makes me sadface. 
@jezterking awwgh  sorry, pal. i know the feeling.
@jezwelham Ohh, I see. I'm uneducated 
@jezza_rokchik lucky beeeep lol. Ive had the last month off, only had to go in for exams.. then we break up on July 10th 
@jezza_rokchik yeh SUPPOSED to be. england weather it always rainsss 
@jezzza_ WELL DONE; make sure you log it. GAH I HATE LOGGING! 
@jf_kennedy ; no way  why u cant just take me as i am? flaws &amp; all, man! D:
@JF_Kennedy Al Gore did not invent the internetz for you to cupcake with, please don't make him turn it off 
@JF_Kennedy i scare you? aww  that hurts
@jf11 weekend work sucs 
@jfahrenkrug  Might not work.  I'll still be in mpls that time. I have a school part Tuesday night. Let's talk about that next week.
@JFeelinIt so when my youtube finally decides to love me again. the video you wanted me to watch is disabled 
@jfenner I just set one up last night! ... But then realized that it was time to go to bed. Therefore, it is sitting idle. 
@jferlee I didn't see it last night!  Oh well. But I HAVE to watch it in theaters. That's a MUST.
@jfinau no  I'm not that smart..
@Jfisette I have no idea what's available on the boat. But I have Dish at home and don't get CBC or Versus. 
@jfitzth2 because I had been horribly, horribly sick 
@jfkfan I was tested for it recently and read up on it....it's terrible. I'm sorry you're going through it, jfk. 
@JFKJean Awww, I'm glad we got it straight then.  Would have made me sad 
@jfmacvay Not Parvo, I hope. If that's the case, whole house needs to be sterilised. 
@jfmecca GM has guaranteed parts and service on all Pontiac's for the next 10 years.  We hate to see Pontiac go 
@JFR_Racing where can i listen to the interview? I missed yesterday's  
@jfrd got a physics exam  jealous
@jfrd You didn't wake me up this morning! Revising for maths is horrible 
@Jfresh2death I'm jealous! 
@JFTF That sounds absolutely unpleasant!!  On a bright note: When is the next super awesome NYC dance party you're hosting?
@JGalls trust me they aren't that good unfortunately 
@jgamet Jeff Gamet is out sick for this week's Design Tools Weekly podcast. I miss him 
@JGeexO I actually wanna go back to work on mondaii , seemed like i was having more fun there then now 
@JGFMK oh, and sadly it's not as straightforward as an ankle. Cruciate ligament in knee  Thx for the sentiment tho!
@jghuman6  haha. im not that bothered ! im just bored haha. i feel sick 
@JGIWC someone knows FAR too much about entourage....unfortunately, I just have season 2 which is now over  Might need to remedy that
@JGizmo22 Aww, I'm sorry, Xene.  You okay? Well, I'd appreciate it if I could become guzzeglammed in a prompt manner. Thank-you! ;)
@JGizmo22 Nothing bad, I'm just feeling really overwhelmed. 
@JGoldsborough i'm being charged internet usage and the only thing I use the internet for is my unlimited picture texts 
@JGONeill it's the undigested fat and stuff, it's only a short term thing.  I have green tea, wheat grass  everyday, I eat sensibly too 
@jgoode impressive fever!  best wishes to her, hope it's nothing serious
@JGoodie12 I'm twittin even when I'm busy! I can't help it! Especially since I can't twit in training  I have some catchin up to do!
@JGOware: Yeah, I haaaate that too 
@jgray6000 ask daniel. he broke it 
@jgryu I can't stand listening to her anymore bc she makes me think of all the animals that need homes. 
@jgto @akojen @Liquoricefish @aileen2u2 @froggie775 - Hello my darlings ! How are you today ? It's 9.30 am here - cloudy 
@JGunds I really, really want to! But I already made plans to see some old friends tonight. I can't believe I'm going to miss out on 3eb 
@jhaavisto same issue for me... and the developer site is down 
@Jhabibi918 that really sucks. I'm sorry 
@jhagey I deleted my last twit because it sounded too bitter! Sad times for the trib. 
@Jhanae_kierre waaaack  next time!
@jhatha  Oh and I will keep you informed of her progress. She's in radiation this morning. 
@jheanettp yeah...taking it day by day 
@jhelgason My own husband isn't even following me; that is sad 
@jhgrant Thank you!  You are welcome.  How is the bird doing?  
@jhillstephens Who's from LA? I miss home 
@jhnphllps you told me google maps! You're cheating on google maps? 
@jho_columbia i heard it's canceled? 
@jhocjhoc 3yrs ago i was assigned to UAT indexes. i was an FXP employee then. and now im an ALI employee, walang pagbabago nadagdagan pa 
@JhonenV I need horror to be lovecraftian actually, not enough weird horror movies. 
@JhonenV sad  you'd figure, right?
@JhonenV You should know that I'm probably one of your biggest fans, seeing how as we have much in common. 
@JHongosh Wish AT&amp;T had as good a reputation as Apple. 
@jhosie I'm at the office. Had to attend presentation for new researcher 
@JHovgaard  Stop that ongo bongo music!! 
@JhoyBoy oh right... haha that's so sad 
@jhsu im working till 5pm then driving up to move out of downtown apt...I won't be getting there till 2am then leaving early Sunday 
@ji_ric 
@jiaaguan haha some shit again 
@jianweii how's your revision coming along? i am so dead. don't think i have enough time to complete everything 
@Jiaqiwoo I also have one! 
@jibber nope... nothing yet...  #iPhone #3.0 #Australia
@jiblog Everything worked just fine till yesterday. Haven't changed a thing, started it this morning, and no 3rd party app works... 
@Jibluvzbran thank u! can u be my doctor? 
@jida_amok WHAT ALL DIED? 
@Jiehsikahhh are you sad about not being there tonight? you and me both. 
@JIELEE WHAT you're not gonna go with us? 
@jiganiget ouchies. been there, done that! 
@JIGGYMUZIK lol.  its md dumb bc wen I go to find ppl n put in keekee its like that's u Titterbird BITCH if so y it say I can't sign in!!
@JIGGYMUZIK no i dont....u dont contact me ne more 
@jiji_fiji omg I hope your just visiting right now because i didnt get to see ya before you left 
@JiJi87 well i just mean.....dunno. I wanna go home 
@JikkyGump  aoife roisin ere follow me or eles  that will b u
@Jill_C LOL I hope that is not the case!! 
@jill777 @iheartnynuk  just looked at the seating chart for pnc...not the same as last night!!!  
@jill777 mohegan next thurs! lol or mansfield on fri. I think those are the closest ones on a weekend. Saratoga is on a tuesday 
@JillBalisciano what made you think that? nursing school is never over they find cruel and unusual ways to torture us 
@JillBierlein a teenager. Yeah I hope she'll be okay.  She feels awful though. 
@jillharris No...she can't be...it seems like just yesterday you were celebrating her 10th bday!!! lol  Wow does time fly by 
@Jillian778  geez
@jillianbowe Hey there Jillian...Guess we'll finally find out who's getting killed off! 
@jilliandedier - your hair is pretty!!! no more bitchfight?! 
@jillianjigggs lol too much indeed apparently 
@jillianlillian I'm like always up at 4 AM I can't sleep 
@jillianmess damn 
@jilliannala i'm figuring out how to find a job that allows for paid time to go to the beach - or pool  - so far - NO LUCK 
@jillianne  ow. 
@jillianyson awwww tell everyone I say hello and I miss them 
@jilljarvis it's my printer; I can't get it to print a borderless page, and after 2 hours w/ tech support they can't either 
@Jillmz  hope it goes away soon!
@jillnbeanstalk go drown yourselfffff 
@JillNYC21 did they def cancel it.. aww  okay friend bailed for MA.. wanna come hahah seats arent great though haha
@JillofAllTradez I just read another, a 6yr old and an 8yr old were fatally shot during a domestic dispute this evening. 
@JillSorenson I know  You can't even have some nice tweets without some horny fool pestering you. So sad 
@jillspeaking lol no it's tomorrow! I'm working! 
@JillStanek thanks Jill ... I hope you and everyone else is safe today and the whole event is non violent ... please BE CAREFUL 
@Jillus Lame, I'm sorry sweetie.   Download a torrent and watch w/ the ability to squee from your laptop? ?
@jillvee If it keeps up like this I'm soon not going to have anything to blow the liquids OUT of! 
@jillwhalen Comcast - we've been battling that on behalf of a client; not fun. 
@jillwood Jana, Jenny, Pete and Me got tickets too but no milk duds 
@JillxB: haha i lost the 2nd time  its w.eee
@JillyCL I know, Jilly.  xxxx
@jillygunn awwww! You SHOULDA had a chai!!! Or gelato 
@JillzWorth  lol @ Batman
@jillzzzy bummer   Hope you are both on the mend!
@jim_028 S'pose it'll work. Makes the bottom of the screen feel empty though 
@jim_brown It's still very early in the season, but a Cards loss to the Cubs always sucks... 
@jim_sterling I've been wanting to grab it since the second I got home from E3, but I don't have any room on my PSP memory stick 
@jim_sterling Then why is America at war with 'terrorism'   
@Jim_T Thanks, I will try that. But 6 mins seems too long. I am not happy 
@jima6636 can't go to live chat tonight I got skool 
@jima6636 Installing the Basement app. My phone got an error while installing &quot;Size Mismatch&quot; and is stuck on the error box 
@JIMarshall I hope you feel better 
@JIMarshall I talk so much trash about people and their 40s...I guess I got what was coming to me  I felt like all eyes were on me LOL
@JimAyson yeah... it is going the way of the dino. some of our readers on FV aren't on twitter-savvy, though. 
@jimbiosis Timmy says if I keep asking him silly questions he won't be my bestest friend. 
@jimbob1000 Whats the bad news? I hope its not finishing for a while! 
@JimBob30 i have only ever been to Michigan....  id love to go to more states that would be amazing!
@jimbofin auwww  what did GP say?
@jimbofin sad  Issy is one of your daughters or your wife? What is happening?
@jimboxiii trying to find a buyer or put it into storage.  I will miss it. Any interest??
@JimBrennan I have to work instead of playing with my MacBook  The iPhone still is enroute!!
@jimcarlow You'll have to ask her... I'm worried it didn't go well as she left early then sort of blew him off today... 
@JimCastilloKOMO I give the weather a  for the gloomy part, but a  for a break from the heat.
@jimenez_j aww! that means we can't play tomorrow!!! 
@jimfmunro yes, to the devout an app like that would come in handy. I never did get a donut. 
@jimgaffigan To Mosquitos, I am also delicious. 
@jimhee I know  I invited 130+ &amp; then I realized I don't actually wanna see those ppl haha so I'll make another one &amp; have only you guys!
@jimhee I know  I invited 130+ &amp; then I realized I don't actually wanna see those ppl haha so I'll make another one &amp; only have you guys!
@jiminthemorning I pulled out my iPod Touch whilst listening to MIley Cyrus before going to a Hardcore rave. Its fair to say i got stick! 
@jiminthemorning Not many Tweets from you today 
@jiminthemorning Oooohh - Proclaimers here we come? Runrig? Simple Minds? Bagpipes 
@jimisahippy so true! when do you get home/are you home/are you ever coming back to cherry hill? keegan said you're gone until august 
@jimithing_41 @wondrous_as_u my big whiskey never came either.. bummer 
@jimithing_41 don't comment..i'm in trouble with my man...better go delete right now! 
@jimjonescapo just gonna throw the twitter jump off in my face...   http://myloc.me/4dJj
@jimjonescapo would appreciate this: whats ghetto-havin to take the top off the toilet n pull that rod for it to flush no bueno 
@jimjonescapo You were in my hometown and I couldn't make it,   Hope the crowd showed mad love...
@JimLundy jealous.  Wish I was there 
@Jimmers31 You and Ru aren't even working in the same office anymore and you still get sick?!  Feel better!!
@jimmiefisher i'm having a hard time using hulu  have u heard of anyone having problems that uses windows vista?
@jimmiefromaol  Thanks. I hadn't seen anything anywhere. Joanne Colon will indeed be missed. 
@JimmieReign daayum sis...my condolesces on ya puppy  sorry to hear dat....CONGRATS on 1k Followers tho! ....Pow!
@jimmietryon @veloce Not sure.Its slipping in 3rd, but only occationally. My brother says it might be the selector or gear box. 
@JimmRennie i have been severely tempted. but my previous four aint going anywhere so mebbe not. 
@jimmski that's awful. Is he very old? My mums having tests for bowel cancer and abdominal aortic anerysm 
@jimmuncie I just read that! 
@jimmurphy  well, at least your Blackberry was in one piece after those 2 hours. Mine never was really the same again 
@jimmy_3491 i didn't realise it was that bad. have you tried aloe vera and stuff?  i'm sorry.
@Jimmy_D123 she keeps following me  sucking dick
@Jimmy_Poodle Everything is good.  One small complaint: had to enter 384 serial numbers into laptop 
@Jimmy_Saunders  doubt it, friday is my busiest day of the week. I will be sat in the garden listening to the racing mainly.
@jimmy_wales Sadly, we don't have an L.A.-henge  
@jimmyBUFFET No darnit I haven't. Would download it but my cap of 500MB/month doesn't go very far! Wish I could find a small ebook copy 
@jimmybuffett I usually go every year, but this year I have to wait until you come to VA  Say hi to Great Woods for me!
@jimmycarr exactly! we cant let them use new technology for something useful, thats when it all turns to dust and the cool people leave 
@jimmycarr get out whilst you still can! Playing the music hall tonight? You were sold out over a year ago when I wanted tickets 
@jimmycarr LAWL. you never tweet people back do you  it SUCKS. coz i like you and think your really cool and tweet you ... all for nothing
@jimmycarr Ohhhhh crap!!  I forgot you were up here!  Wish I'd got a ticket   Hope you have a good gig.  We're not all mad in North Wales!
@jimmycarr saw the first one it was good loved the green haired witch  gutted didnt see tom felton one 
@jimmycarr Sounds fun, compared to my &quot;Configure Laptops for users&quot; 
@jimmycarr who did that to Alan's hair? 
@jimmyconner i can punch him in the throat for you 
@jimmyfallon http://twitpic.com/6tca2 - i miss new york 
@jimmyfallon I had tickets to your show in milwaukee but I couldn't get there! soooo dissapointing   come back soon!!
@jimmyfallon I want natal on my show 
@jimmyfallon i wish i would of known that   i would of loved to see the show.. i'm only 1 hr from wpb...
@jimmyfallon read the article about you guys at Late Night in the new Wired + sry you didn't get to say goodbye to Justin. 
@jimmyfallon so mad that the show's audio is messed up! 
@jimmyfallon turducken is one of the weirdest things I have ever eaten.. It all ends up tasting like duck. Quackkkkk.. And ewww. 
@jimmyfallon: thats not very shocking we pretty much knew they might do it 
@JimmyG77 ur right! Am now sat at my desk,... Considerably less optermistic than. Half hour ago!  oooo what's the point.
@jimmyhiga how do you say &quot;that movie was sad&quot; in spanish 
@jimmyknows55 Yeah I know... N unfortunately I didnt get that shirt 
@jimmylala i'd rather find out from experience :-/ ...but where are the stories? 
@jimmymarsh617  i wanna go. Friday is my bday. Dammit!!!
@jimmymarsh617 Damn Jimmy, where is the love? I need to be cheered up tonight 
@jimmymarsh617 I heard nothing, wasn't there. Illinois is too far 
@jimmymarsh617 Now Labron and his stuck up ass can't even shake anyones hand....baby 
@jimmynaks well I'm glad you and @mrmedwin had fun last night. Wish he'd stay in hawaii till the weekend  At least we'll drink 2gether lol
@Jimmysmacks    What I Do ??
@Jimmysmacks Can you help me do the same . im stressing out over here 
@Jimmysmacks I looked at ur sight ystrday, cool, but I wish I dnt have 2 join 2 C da stories tho  I'm tired of havin my email on maili ...
@jimmysparkle Wait a minute? I thought I was the new PHP developer? 
@jimmysupershow oh and sorry about not being able to go to warped with you 
@JimmyTraina I almost thought she was going to say you were her dream date. But then she said JT 
@Jimmyvasser has been on Twitter for about 15 minutes, Ive been on for 3 months. JV'll most likely pass me in followers in about 5 mins 
@JimmyVentura awe poo  we had plans for like a monthhhhhhhhhhhhh
@JimmyVo I know!! I'm bummed  I can only go on the sunday!
@JimmyVo well now my week is full  maybe next week? btw, go accept me on lastfm ya jerk lol
@Jimmyw23 I agree again and yeah a fair bit still got loads to do though 
@JimmyWayne at least you were on the ground and not in a plane...your bike would serve you well right now! You and yout travel luck 
@JimmyWayne hey Jimmy, you heard from Ms Kukta lately? I looked for her here, and Glenn but dont see them on here! 
@jimmywhite09 @nachojohnny did a lot of hot records for chris that didn't make his last album!  politics...
@jimmywim good luck with that.  Pulling teeth is more fun 
@JimmyxBoi oh man..hope she's ok jimmy..poor babyygirl..hope she feels better really soon 
@JimniKricket your a kewl dog! I love to chew on them quickly and hide them quickly @bedtime.I miss my parents and sister and brothers. 
@JimNorton Come to the Hard Rock in Tampa!! We get shit for comedians over here besides Louis CK once a year 
@JimPap ahh i havent found a job yet either! besides babysit a kid for 15$ a day. and my UNpaid internship with the lowell spinners 
@jimparedes you won't attend the June 10 rally? 
@jimpearsall how did you break your leg?  
@jimprz its intense tennis okay 
@jimreams Ugh! Please change it back. 
@JimRomanovich Awwwww! I was going to try to seat fill like I did two years ago but I guess I will have to sit in the grandstand 
@jimsheppard I have things to tell you, why are you never on skype? 
@jimspirir you guys didnt call me for the photo shoot  let's do another one!
@Jimtac lol not AS I did before I had to haul him out of my car. Then after when I finally got him inside. Now.. It's clean up time 
@Jimtendo i had microwavable egg fried rice earlier. bad times 
@jimthecop I had to say that to smooth over someone's ego. not naming any names. sorry 
@jimthomlinson I shall be tweeting from Germany but I won't be able to see replies etc 
@jimwebber argh now my whole world has been thrown upside down  I haven't been this confused since the whole no Santa debarcle...
@jimyvr I know  but I will someday when I'm a star! ;)
@jimyvr Yeah, and that's where everything becomes difficult and generalisations break down. Not an easy problem  .
@jinadcruz nalla oru thudakkam aanu tto, jnan ippo vayiche ullu. am waiting for @deepthimurali 's #mallu blog now! wish i could write too 
@jinal_shah wish such things happened here in india 
@JinBeautiful so i'm screwed 
@JinChamploo Chin up 
@jinjagirlie not nice to poke fun at people that can't pronounce 'Brian' !!! 
@jinmo Yeah for Erik's birthday! He may have to wait for our present  Sorry!  I think we are behind as usual!
@jinniver Well that's something. I've been reading your hotel adventures. 
@Jinnnnny they are but i was born in canada. Imagine, they didn't make an effort to make me learn korean! chengpi. 
@JinnyBoy I wish I could attend me will be in Malacca la  Jin, upload some of ur photos la ..in my FB group ..
@Jintanut that's a good idea - will do. thanks babes. hopefully it's not too far away. this numb stage sucks 
@JIntrovert poor mite infested doggy 
@jinx_  sorry. how was the bbq pup?
@JinxCat I have been failing at cooking lately  makin me sad. Duno how to cook for less than an army. I need to practice flour tortillas.
@jinxedream07 i know the feeling. my dad my have been there physically for my wedding &amp; birth of babies but he was not &quot;present&quot; as usual 
@Jinxeh i havn't seen &quot;The Shining&quot; 
@Jinxie_G no doubt! ~ I guess that's just how it goes....   ~ ha ah
@Jinxie_G oh...hmmm...sorry to hear that 
@Jinxie_G was hoping to get out and toss the discs this morning, but it's raining 
@jinxington y u depressed love bug  ??hoboken.soon..shot on me to cheer u up..chin up! :p
@jinxington yea just went off 
@jinxville It all depends on @cricketpress. I can't do it without her, and she's rooted to Lexington! 
@Jinxx_ i wanna see if my uncle can look after her for the rest of the week, i cant do this 
@jiphex Sadly not, bizarre weekend of busy. House inspection, F1 and Bill Bailey 
@Jipsi hi jipsi. What you doing? where's my hug 
@jirecords My grandmother, mother and I just made it a few weeks ago and it's all gone  It's never as good without the grandma
@Jirwin21 Man, though. Well you can take your laptop to Starbucks I guess.   Or come live with me &amp; my internet for 10 days lol
@jittahz I'm still rockin my 07 NXT with a backup Impulse (old) that I just got working again, cuz I are teh poor. 
@jittahz What is this 'saving' you speak of? If I manage to save it's between new Imp, DM8/9 or Marq Victory I think. Need Rotor too 
@JitterGram I love root beer floats and the free part makes them even better. Too bad....no sonics here 
@JitterJorge Omg boo  I'm still in Mexico!! MY phone is off!! I'll be in bville tonike!
@JitterJorge: everywhere except home  I actually sorta miss my bed now...
@JitterJorge: tell @avrobro to get on it!!! I want to see y'all  and @jsofreshhh!!!
@Jitz1971 Five adults strapped together? (sigh ...) it's a very long time since I went to one of those parties 
@jivora i thought u had gone to sleep 
@JizBSB awe yeah 
@JizBSB i went good... but the end of the month is getting my 2 wisdom teeth pulled 
@JizBSB lol i'll prob go walk to burger king or try and attempt my fashion project again  haha
@Jizzistheshiz why cant i see your tweets anymore?! :O i confused!!!! it says im no longer following you 
@Jizzle32 holy crap that sucks. Sorry to hear that man 
@jizzle830 See that's what I was talking bout....u always mean to me 
@jj_deogracias awesome! I don't think i can go to pride at all sadly 
@jj_orbeta And I'm screwed. NOT in a good way. haha 
@jj_orbeta Jesus and The Lord on Earth, but why does it hurt so much?  What's up with you? Still sad about your ex? I'm here for you, J.
@JJ_Walrus whats a marshal? i wanna find me a marshallllllll 
@JJ9828 I missed History Tuesday.  Can I read it somewhere else?
@JJ9828 thats how i was last night  ohhh i got picked for the book drive in seattle  im so excited, i LOVE books!
@JJ9828 the website wont load for me 
@jjandtherogues Kate &amp; Jon..my last hope of a perfect family is shattered! 
@JJaneBB I didn't include that in my getaway music.  I fail.
@JJawbreakerr AM I ON THE SCROLL BOX?! 
@jjayarzadon It's okay, you're going to Mexiland 
@jjbd Lol, REALLY needed to slow down. The past few weeks especially were totally out of control. And yes, I got a pimple too. 
@jjbd Thanks Jen. I haven't managed to swim yet. It's warm &amp; humid here but it's not hot &amp; the water is cool. Hotel pool not heated 
@JJCosmic because its unpleasant 
@jjeb a las 5? :S 
@JJFanshawe: No more skirts and wigs? 
@JJFeeney So jealous   but thank you soooo much for the pic of Taylor Lautner in Scandal.  I feel kinda dirty, lol
@jjgames_com Haha! The PSP Go! looks pretty good, but it's sad to see that it doesn't have 2 thumb sticks. 
@jjgrella FREAAKKK  i missed all the new episodes today :
@JJhitz thanks to the idol poll showdown,i have been voting for adam until my arm wanna patah edi 
@JJhitz was wondering why there's an idol battle now on hitz.fm. can't you guys play both versions? 
@jjimenezd yeah i realize latter. Did you enjoy last night? My bus arrives al eleven oï¿½clock and i stay with my sister... 
@jjjohannaaa TOO MANY TEARS 
@jjjohannaaa yeah i did. They looked sooo much in love  buhu.... hahaha.
@jjjulia haha i gotchu Manderz. You &amp; Branderz have hella fun too while I'm gone. Gonna miss you both 
@jjlangley...no luck on toywatch this week  see you tomorrow yay!!
@JJMcQuade Oh, LoL... my bad.  I didn't get that it was a MMO.  TFU was a first player action game.  Bummer that it's a MMO.  
@jjohnson2 many do.......we all have 
@jjohnson43004 been trying to call u, what's up with u sending me to v mail 
@JJonasLover09 nm,just working &amp; replyin to comments.i'm gonna be busted when my dad comes 
@JJonasLover09 ya theres a thunder and lightining storm so i'm gonna unplug the computer sry gtg bye.  i might stay on for a lil while...
@jjongie It is.  I haven't had any first hand experience, but eh. I hear too many bad things ;~;
@jjongie No way, you can do a lot of stuff already like plan overseas trips and stuff. Even stuff like that, I don't think I can ever do 
@JJonZ100 darn...no sign of the vid from the pcrichards  concert n the z100 site 
@JJonZ100 Oh JJ, don't tempt me Man! I'm on an 8-day detox &amp; I'm only on Day 4, so I can't have wine!  But wine would be so perfect 2day 
@jjprojects ...only in my constant mention of it, as it seems to me so logical as to be simple - I have yet to find anyone working on one 
@jjprojects i'm hoping the bike had a near miss with the car, but i don't think so based on ure tweet 
@JJSchuster Wow, that's a horrible way to start the day...  
@JJtweets lost his phone  He's like me where his phone is like his right arm. Lame!
@jjuntamed25 awww  so how r u on twitter if ur in the car?
@jjuntamed25 i AM home but no pool 
@JJWebshows I sent you a message... but im not sure you read it Sorry for the message I sent asking to be a fillin, it was selfish of me 
@JJWeissert too bad 
@jk_ong - AHAHAHHA I KNOW!! Sobrang funny kaya! The whole video! &quot;But it's my dream  &quot; HAHAHAHHA
@Jk_x i love you (L), our phones dont seem to like each other tonite! suuuucks  talk to you tomoro, xxxxxx
@jkac @marchine eff, I can't even get her topless 
@jkalea  not our child i hope!
@JKandBVGirl Yeah that blows 
@JKaRcH yeah even the  jonas brother  where pick on by the mean girls of there school,  so sad 
@jkarkula No....don't leave us... How are supposed to know what you are doing @ camp? So very sad 
@jkaseyb I miss u waaaaay more!! &amp; You are so hard to get ahold of  I hate it
@jkatherine we miss you too my love 
@jkatherine your poor little back  i hope you feel better soon love
@jkavanagh58 mostly the horrible perf of Windows LiveWriter is what kills me, but I still use it 
@jkbeans i like it!  Cascada is a fun, dance music, never hear it out though  damn americans and our obsession with remixing rap.
@jkbrwn sorry, lil brother already destroyed it again  that's Lego for ya.
@jkcementina So jealous!  Wish I could afford to go while I was home! 
@JKEB very sorry to hear that.     xK
@JKeith1982 hmmmm, that's not nice... think you should take it back. I can't help it I'm hungry. No food in this office. 
@jkennedy4thewin fuck ya it does! but the only ones I got for free were my shitty little ankle ones 
@jkennedy4thewin Im stuck with Tmobile for another year  My dad is getting the Iphone though! No fair!
@jkensuke I want pancakes!!!! 
@jketelsen no I asked him about 30 min ago and he said he was in Cali.. I just hate the takers 
@jkgirl73 no really  but i want them so bad to be in argentina
@jkingss I'll soon know what you guys are getting me! And I'll be older. 
@JKL_Katie your not fat  be positive about yourself dont be hating &lt;3
@jkling I was expecting to fix my teeth, but what they did was clean/check my teeth  and charged me $70CAD  
@JKMurphy7 awwwww,  it will be alright trust me.
@JKnightTimeLove ready as I can be I guess! Got Mohegan tomorrow nite, not 5* though  , you going tomorrow night too?
@jkpkang winxp still. i'm too comfortable with it... and i find the learning curve for os x steeper than i had imagined.  
@jkreeftmeijer http://twitpic.com/6e4n2 - That sucks 
@jkreib i saw ur post, its only tuesday  UGH
@JKs_Principessa talked to her for a few this afternoon 
@jksassygirl  please don't
@JKsGirlx2 @Rockergirl75 Me out. My headache's winning out  C ya tomorrow...11 more sleeps!!!
@JKsGirlx2 awww i am sorry  this is my favorite radio show evah, cause in 2 hours he played like 6 songs i requested for me and my peeps
@JkSilentBpusher who is it against? I am not able to listen today 
@jkundhi bwaaaa!  i lost again.    the winner is a very lucky lady!
@JKWallace DAY 1. Been MIA 3 months. it's full throttle today. 
@JKWallace not well 2day. 
@jla_b but my AC is broke  even if it would help a little teeny bit it would bring me joy.
@jlamski your twitter hacked? 
@JLangford oh i wish i was there too 
@Jlasmommie bombed my test today.. 
@jlaudio shame I'm in the UK then isn't it 
@jlaw44 too late - done eating but will do that next time. The flat is a stinkbox &amp; weather too nice to be cleaning  Enjoy the market.
@jlbooth Greekfest has greek fries (they're AWESOME). There is no Frenchfest 
@jldeutsch Whenever. You are always welcome.  Althought their is no guest room which is unfortunate. 
@JLHughes8: ohhh you changed your name! hahah&amp; i know! i miss you!  just text me whenever your free cus i dont have too too much goin on
@JLibbey That sucks big time 
@jlindz i don't think it really looks like me...not that red anymore 
@jlionheart I'm not in town on Saturday 
@jlknott blech, it oozes out to make its own pyramid.  
@jlknott Do you have pink eye?  I hear Ollie does too.  
@jlknott naw we parked elsewhere and are quite depressed the show was cut short. 
@JLKulio I agree Twitter does suck today... I do not even have any reply icons  Are you warmer now or still shivering?
@jlkupstas this week has been bad.  don't want to do it but I'm considering locking my acct 
@jllg15 where were youu?? hahaa my only friends here  haha LMAOOO! this thing really is popular but I sitll cant figure comethings out
@Jlloydaloha dont have an option to DM or message you back. yes keeper is closed already  quite sad actually...
@JLMoney   grr....   there's only a couple people here now anyways...later is when it'll be poppppppin.
@jlneveloff I want to go too. Quinto! Too bad we're broke. 
@jlneveloff same here. 
@jlopez219 missed it. 
@Jlopez222 it's saving  I changed the settings so it takes up A LOT more of the yt screen but it takes FOREVER b/c it's still HD
@jlovesjonas I miss you tooooo  Haha. And twitter doesn't seem to like you very muchh. LOVEE YOUU &lt;3
@jlovesluts why are you   at me?
@JLRon Oh that sucks  I hate it when my bag is heavy, I get soooo sore xP lol.
@jlshack yeah. we got her when we moved back from italy. she's getting old. makin me sad 
@JLSOfficial  why is it down?
@JLSOfficial ahhhhh  you tweeted  ecstatic.com &lt;33! sucks you missed out on the sun, i'm burnt  lol. the pic didnt work man  LY&lt;33
@JLSOfficial am well gutted!! i need2 meet you soon im literally dying, cant face food. ma mums goin nuts at me  reaally upset!
@JLSOfficial aww boys  sun was great...twit pic i wana see
@JLSOfficial aww lool im still tryin to win tickets  x if i dont win dem  x  love you guys like mad too x
@JLSOfficial came tonight v lastminutelolleft at7didmakeupontrainme&amp; mysister couldntfind leicestersquare didn get tosee you  loveyoutho x
@JLSOfficial Ha Ha . Awwww Not Ganna Be Me Only Got 75  X But Anyways So Happy to Here From You Guys . !
@JLSOfficial have fun just a shame the O Williams Appreciation Society won't be there  have loads of fun and see you soon mwah E xxxx
@JLSOfficial i voted so much,even tho im not going, oh marvin i do love you you know  i miss you guys loads! xx
@JLSOfficial I WNAT TO SEE THIS PIC!! lool and at least ur doin sumthin fun im revising biology 
@JLSOfficial im not going booooooooo  gutted! come back to glasgow sooon!!
@JLSOfficial It sucks I live in Wales so i cudnt go the summertime ball!  please come to wales agen!... soon.
@JLSOfficial Knowing my luck, it'll come back on when i start my 8 hour shiftt  LoveeeYouuGuyyysss &lt;3 xxx
@JLSOfficial Marv ! I Really, Really, Really want you's to do CD Signing's so we can come &amp; see you cause missin you's   LOVE YOU'S xxxx
@JLSOfficial Marv ! Im gutted im not goin  Bad Times !, We want some CD Signing's please ?  LOVE YOU'SS ! xxxx
@JLSOfficial marvin i love you (L) wish i was going tomorrow i hate living in glasgow  xxxxx
@JLSOfficial marvin where are your tweets?   illoveeeyouastonio
@JLSOfficial please please please hurry  its upsettting. xx
@JLSOfficial please reply il cry if u dont 
@JLSOfficial wheres your tweets marvin? we miss you! so do our 65 followers 
@JLSOfficial your forum.. is going to be the death of me. like actually exploding death.. it wont be pretty  mr get tweeting we miss yu =[
@JLSOfficial. Marv where ya att mann?.. No tweets??  Wats up with thatt? lol we miss youuu  x
@jlwgreg wow I kind of hate you right now...more rain headed our way up on Park Ave 
@jm_ev oh yeah I've got LVATT, first day!!  what about you?? and no concerts  they were all sold out by me 
@JMAC777 I know 
@JMAC777 no but upload the song cuz I can't hear it on my phone 
@jmacinit can you fix ur tour dates and add virginia? yeah? 
@JMacNJonasFans  and i feel alone, because, i know that they are friend of both, but .. i don't know. 
@jmacupdate Your'e going to see Beyonc'e and not taking me huh? Wrong dude that's just wrong.. haha How could you? 
@jmallen1012 aww i'm sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there's a bug on you in colorado
@jmalonzo I lost USB auto-mount in Fedora 11. Some hal keys in gconf are gone. Not sure why at this point. Not yet at least. 
@JManTN Man i wish we were there with you 
@jmarianu if my office is locked, then someone is in trouble cuz I don't have a key and apparently no one does 
@jmarie7481 OH NO!! that's horrible! 
@JMarieB09 lol. Man. I woke up thinkin about all kinds of things but that jus happened to  be at the top of the list lol. I hate school 
@jmarieeeee oh shiz brians making you a beedyo! im HELLA MAKING YOU ONE. it'll be like one day late tho 
@JMarkyBB I have ^^, I found it not user friendly enough.  but it was 3 years ago, maybe things have changed.
@jmason78 it also used to be CHEAP! 
@jmastrodonato no House tonight 
@JMatthewFlyzik awww, i wish i was allowed to go 
@jmaxsfu Good thing. BTW really wanted to attend your session but was back-to-back with mine 
@jmbisbee noooooooo I need it to cool off. 
@jmbuckingham had to miss it for ER call  But hubby and kids thought it was wonderful
@jmccrae www.ticketmaster.co.uk they're like Â£30-40, i'd pay that much if i could have decent seats, but alas, decent seats are all gone 
@jmccray I tried earlier but nothin happened  imma try again later
@jmcpherson Wicked funny - I was thinking the same thing, I sure could use a break from the rain 
@jmdc88 3 months til I get an iPhone of my own   Curse you service contracts!!!
@jmdc88 bummer!  that sucks. 
@jmebbk NOT ME 
@jmee21 aw! i couldnt seperate myself from ali...  i'd prob end up cutting myself. haha! just kiddin'!
@jmellc  I need 2 take  my drugs again I'm n pain again  http://twitpic.com/6uuvz
@jmenck didn't make it  sad about it! Where did y'all go after and why wasn't I called? Wouldve loved to claim y'all in public!
@jmfinn (fat fingering last response) you're an animal - i love it! can't make both ...packed AM tmrw, no longer 20yro 
@jmgolivares GABBE!! Goood job on the dorm!!! I hate that you're leaving, though!! 
@jmhoude are you in gaithersburg? can we hang out before june 8th? 
@jmhs Hope you enjoyed the game.  I getting ready to watch the race from Texas on my laptop.  No cable  so no Versus to watch it.
@jmhs we went to the wrong game 
@Jmhunter21 How was it? I effed up royally. Set my alarm, but forgot to turn it on!!! 9.6 mile run to punish myself for missing the race. 
@jmi11ion yes yes it is  but u forgot all about me u effing suck u whore
@jmiAudreyHep so much fun with you tonight...gonna miss ur face...  cant wait for ur bday @ciorii duhhh yes please
@jmjames7 I KNOW!!  I am so sad not to be there 
@jmkizer Hmmm, I'm really wanting to get this ride in tonight. 
i hit a frog 
I hit a nice bunt and got to 1st....but got left stranded on 2nd  #atl #WaHoos
I hit a squirrle this morning on my drive to school  i'm very sad
I hit every light on my way to class. Now I'm late 
I hit my head  Owie..... #fb
i hit my head really hard on the cash register today 
I hit my toe  what a bad day is this??!!... hahhh...
I hit someone with my gun 
i honestly almost forgot how much of a crackup zac hanson is. does that make me a bad fan? 
I honestly can't decide if going grocery shopping is worth putting on pants.  And I'm out of food  
i honestly DIDNT see this happening  http://bit.ly/DhBeW
i honestly don't know where to start.... 
i honestly don't think its possible for it to rain any more...it's been raining ALL summer 
I honestly have NOTHING else going on, not even the Dallas show   and if I stay stubborn the tear could become irreparable
I honestly have the sweetest bf ever. How did I get so lucky?? Sowwy for being poopy sometimes  Best 11 months (&amp; counting) of my life!
I honestly l***e you. Hay...    http://plurk.com/p/p5pfo
I hope @_mStew gets better  love you
i hope @austinhurt &amp; @zachhurt have an enjoyable bday dinner!!! sad i cant attend 
i hope @ddlovato could reply me someday  i love that girl she's amazing !!! 
I hope 2 b over this sickness soon its draining all my energy &amp; I feel like crap hopefully I can get 2 sleep soon maybe i'll feel betta 
I hope all these new Xbox LIVE addons (twitter facebook lastfm) come out in Canada. We still don't have netfilx 
I hope Amazing Race was good.  Maya and TayTay totally are totally now allowing me to watch in peace tonite 
I hope amy is okai 
I hope Beef is just joking about the swine flu 
I hope big bear's okay, we didn't get to say goodnight to eachother 
I hope Brad messages me this morning....if not i'll be really sad.  you know i love him a lot too right? *Sigh*
I hope by july 18 the weather will actually be like summer weather 
I hope Celebs reply on my posts 
I hope Chloe's ok 
i hope classes get postponed til june 15 cuz of the H1N1..i mean what if anyone of us gets sick? that would be a pity. 
I hope Dani will be ok 
I hope david bain doesnt get u 
I hope deliberations tomorrow don't take forever. 
i hope dyel remembers to get me from trabajo 
I hope everyone is having lots and lots of fun...I'll be back tomorrow some and then mom goes away for awhile. It will make me sad... 
I hope everyone is ready to celebrate Hug a Stripper Wednesday!!! i tried finding some strippers on twitter but many of them arent active 
I hope everyone who went to the camping trip this w/e had fun   I am sorry I missed it 
I hope everyone will be out voting tomorrow. Lib Dem are getting my vote. I can see loads of ppl going for people like UKIP though 
I hope everything with the guise are okay ;__________;  I'm scared now  it better be something happy like Tannerz having the bb
I Hope Forky @PrettyAd0rkable Is Feeling Better;; Massie Dont Like It When She's Sad 
I hope George drowns in the toilet  night
i hope he calls. i really need to explain. 
i hope i able to watch the concert of david archuleta and david cook but i dont have a sufficient money. . i cannot afford it. . 
i hope i am doing the right thing *crosses fingers* 
i hope i can catch the train at 2:49pm, i'd be in BI at 3pm then. if not, 3.30-ish 
I hope I can get some sleep tonight...nervous for tomorrow 
I hope I can make it to the podcast tomorrow... I miss my podcasting friends 
I hope i could join Jhong's farewell party. Pretty pleaseeee! 
I hope I didn't just ruin everything. 
I hope i didn't throw my mom's ezlink card into the bin. She'll kill me for sure.  - http://tweet.sg
i hope i dont forget the hole recitation right when i get on stage 
i hope i don't have mononukleose  i'll go to my doctor if i don't feel better
I hope I don't have to talk to anybody today or at least wait til I take a nap (if I can) 
I hope I feel better for tomorrow, stupid stomach 
i hope i get all this homework done 
I hope I get my cell phone today! It doesn't look like it though! 
I hope I get to see certain people when I go home tomorrow especially my lil bros! 
I hope i pass for my final exams! 
i hope i wake up for school tomorrow.. 
i hope i will get the hang of this soon 
I hope I win the filmmaking challenge for that set! I really need it 
i hope i'll be able to get a call back from them. 
I hope I'll come back in Ireland soon! I miss my Irish family and my Irish friends! Today I'm so sad 
i hope I'm not in trouble i left a sad comment on my dear old friend Danes page 
I HOPE I'M NOT TO LATE :S 
i hope it doesn't rain tomorrow?  
i hope it not true.   Xabi.. please stay with us.  http://is.gd/KHGZ http://is.gd/KHGZ
I hope it stops rainin by 6...cuz I have nooo umbrellyyy 
I hope it wasn't because u answered my quest while driving  is everything ok? T: @kameliamohamad Sialaaaaaaan mobil gw ditabraaaakkk!!!!!
I hope it will rain. Because i dont wanna go to the cherry splitting party 
i hope it won't rain on monday.  i am soo excited to go to school and yet... the rain is spoiling the excitement. 
i hope it's only somewhere here.. 
I Hope Joe Is Kidding About Wanting Me To Work 4-1 This Weekend!   ??
i hope jon and kate rnt getting a divorce i will be so sad!! 
I hope Julie sat down and ate some jelly babies after that cooking. She was so shaky 
I hope MoneyWell is wrong about this month 
i hope my baby gets better  she's been vomiting a lot since this morning. the last thing we need is a grandma yelling @ mama
I hope my brohers are alright 
I hope my cat is not sick.  He seems fine, but lab results revealed low wbc count...my poor baby 
I hope my gmas little doggie is okay! she had to hav something removed from her leg  I luv u Cassie! http://myloc.me/3W72
i hope my little boy is ok.  he's gonna have to have that wound glued again 
I hope my Morphie juice pack ships today... the Apple Store already has them 
i hope my pup feels better 
I hope no one I know was on one of the 2 DC Metro trains that crashed 
i hope not yu  lOl @cocktailvh1
I hope Patrick gets back from work on time today. Commuting from Dublin to Drogheda has him so tired 
i hope patrick is okay 
I hope people realize that violence is NEVER okay, and the Perez Hilton did not deserve to be punched in the face.  Team Perez &lt;3
i hope satan's asshole isn't too busy! i haven't seen my brother in over 2 weeks  c'mon court date!
I hope Shannons divorce isn't 2 brutal.... why do I feel like franks death has something 2 do with it? 
i hope she gets better 
I hope she ok i hope nothings wrong 
i hope so too  its got to be on a cd somewhere. remember i put it on a cd for u to play at work a long time ago bt u said it didnt work?
i hope someone comes to the movies with me to watch adventureland this weekend. all my friends are bailing on me! 
I hope someone puts up the video of James and Oliver on Blue Peter tomorrow cos i'll be at work 
I hope Susan Boyle is going to be ok.  That was sooo much pressure for an older lady 
i hope that I can find a cheaper option for my calendars this year, hate to say it but may have to go with corporate sponsors 
I Hope that I left my fone's data cable at home. I can't find it in my bag 
i hope that I one day understand... 
i hope that one day i would be able to sing &quot;i don't love you. like i do yesterday.&quot; sigh, when will that day come? 
i hope that ungratefull little basturd is dead he ran away 
I hope that what I heard is not true or if it is, it will be on a later date..  crapbag.
i hope the #usmnt puts a serious beat down on honduras tonight. last team to beat the US in WCQ in the states. was at that 2001 game 
I hope the dish washer stops soon I can't hear Jimmy Fallon.  I miss my DVR.
i hope the exchange rate to yen recovers before i go 
I hope the families of the victims of AF flight 447 find comfort and answers  so tragic...
I hope the hot guy didn't do it.. 
I hope the Iranian people know we are only supporting them, not trying to meddle.   We are behind you #Iranelection
I hope the plans for sway sway stay the same ive got some funny feeling they r going to change pls no...!!! 
I hope the rest of the summer wont be as boring as my day today was 
I hope the squirrel my dog killed doesn't have any babies waiting to be fed 
I hope the weather is nice like it's supposed to be  so pissed if it isn't
I hope there are translators out there in the world helping to get our English stuff to them.  Until all of this, I never heard of Farsi.
I hope there won't be complications with the fall i had just now. Already the pain is intensifying. 
I hope they find the passengers of the Air France 447 
i hope they find the people of the missing air france plane  http://bit.ly/HOhBr
I hope they use my header  I worked EXTREMELY hard on it. Resizing it, and fixing the size, and recreating it to make it bigger..
I hope they're able to put brakes on this bike. Don't feel like learning how to skid 
I hope they've managed to find their way in this crazy, crazy world. Lord knows I didn't prepare them that first year. SOWWY 
I hope this is a passing phase 
i hope this isnt a sty(sp)...  i cant wait till june 23! JEFF MATHIS ROAD JERSEY GIVE AWAY!!! yay! ptosis ;)
i hope this limo company phones back soon! i want a limo to our dance  and then we can get drunk more, YAY!
I hope this makes me feel better 
i hope this night is far better than last night....damn ear infections!!!  
I hope those leaked blowjob pics of miley cyrus aren't real  i love that girl
I hope to amuse me this evening  spero di divertirmi questa sera 
I hope to go car shopping this afternoon. Gotta check out more dealerships, this Nissan I had my eye on is gone.  http://mypict.me/2Ng9
I hope to write a NBB story tonight, but I am drowning in Hw 
I hope today isn't bad.  Like this party.
I hope today stays slow and we can leave right at 9pm so I can wake up at 4:30 tomorrow morning 
I hope untouched gets to nummber one. But i really dont know if it 
I hope we can get a table. We are very late. 
I hope we get some more Thunderstorms. It was dark and gloomy yesterday  Now it is bright and sunny 
i hope ya know i was dead serious... i didnt mean for this to happen... i honestly had no idea.  hop everything is understood now.
I hope you feel better marc 
i hope you get better, and get outta surgery alright. you've been in there to long  and you, please get better, im really worried about u
i hope your saving one of those 48 for me 
I hope you're not serious 
I hopefully get to hang with my cousin before she moves to California  I hope I can!
I hopes she didn't mess this up 
I hungry! Ugh 
I hurt  and I don't know why.
I hurt  but im talking to Matthew &lt;3 so its ohkayy. 
I hurt a lot my wheels   
i hurt my ankle  i think i twisted it. but idk how the hell i did it. maybe it cause i was wearing 3 pairs of socks yesterday...
I hurt my ankle as I was leaving the house. It didn't hurt so much then as it is starting to hurt now.  
i hurt my ankle! i think i broke it hmmm... but then again, i'm not a doctor. I can barely move it 
I hurt my back by trying to have good posture for 90min yesterday. Am I that crooked?! 
i hurt my back yesterday 
i hurt my elbow on the meadows 
I hurt my eyes a lot but my heart hurts more  
i hurt my finger with a ball 
I hurt my Hands playing Guitar Hero  LOL can someone talk to me?
I hurt my hip. 
i hurt my leg! 
i hurt my neck while doing the single ladies dance  rofl
I hurt my quad on the first kick of the kickball game  Icy Hot plz.
I hurt my shoulder somehow (climbing, perhaps?). I hope it feels better tomorrow, ï¿½cause now I can barely move my left arm without pain. 
i hurt my toe  stupid plant was on the ground and I dragged my toe over the damn thing. Antiseptic ftw.
I hurt someone I care about. I feel like a total jerk that should be flogged. And spit on. In public. 
I hurt the crap out of my nail while packing earlier.  There was some blood.    I think I need a finger transplant or something.
I hurt... physically and emotionally.. wonder when I'll learn to stop being such a glutton for punishment... if ever?? 
i hv 2 go on a diet. gaining weight so bad l8ly 
I hv cereal bt no milk  some1 bring me a bowl of milk please! (Slightly heated). Am I the only one who microwaves my milk b4 eatn cereal?
I hv no idea what to buy  if u were a guy, what would u expect ur gf to buy u?
I hv to study ARABIC its so fn hard 
I hvnt done any of englishh 
I hvnt had my sleep!! Meeting up friends for project soon but my eyes are merely open 
I hyper-extended my knee 
i in the class...today is holiday.. 
I intended to revise chem a bit and reread ss but I DIDN'T because I am too sleepy now 
I is back. I have coffee and am feeling a wee bit more composed if slightly groggy 
I is hungry 
I is sad  (via #zenjar )
I is sad..my aunt promised to get me a new slingshot cuz she brokd mine..but she hasnt got it yet. 
I is so lonely 
I is so tired but i dont want to go to sleep  geez
I is surrounded by the flu!!!  Two for two sick at home!!  
i iz very ill! 
I jerked now my side bones hurt 
I jinxed it trains late now 
i jinxed my spotify luck 
I jizzed in my---don't get to know what cuz I have to go to bed. Argh. 
I jost saw an apartment...  So hard to find a nice place (not in the end of the world) to live... I am disapointed...
I jst lost a follower.... 
i jst wana say strongs 2 sme friends. im sure u'll get through ths rough patch 
I jumped i the water forgetting my phone was in my pocket. Its broken now 
i jumped rope for like 2 hours, had nothing better to do. took a nap &amp; when i woke up my legs were on fire!!!!! 
I jus burnt my finger with my straightner, man that hurt really bad!! 
i jus gave my meanies away to my neighbours kid.. der the last packet!!!! booo hooo hooo 
I jus got the serious craving for Hot Wings.......I really really REALLY  want some 
i jus had the saddest FML moment. ever. 
i jus had to climb into the McD's playgrnd to get bella out cuz she was afraid to go down the slide  i am waaay to big for that
I jus left Old Navy. I tried on an outfit. It's less fun in ON when you're not getting anything. 
i jus might miss my babi cuzin's graduation...sucks 
i jus realized @nickCHOLASXD is leaving me Fridaay .. FOR THREE WEEKS. I'm bummed 
I jus received 21 calls! Within minutes lol giving away free stuff on craigslist is so much fun yet disappointing to others 
i jus wanna go back to workin at the club  sigh memories
I jus wanna take a moment to shout out Dorian of &quot;College Hill&quot; that boy is very blessed!! Too bad 
I jussst got attacked byy a ducck!.. Not coool 
i just &quot;rapped&quot; about my love for chris pine and my 14 y/o bro called me weird and a stalker 
I just accidentally gave someone who flagged me down while driving the wrong directions to the airport 
i just almost made the biggest booboo of my life. 
I just arrived at Arizona whew im tired 
i just asked if i can have a cat he said  no im so sad 
I just ate 12 blackcurrent gummies at the once. I feel ill 
I just ate 2 big macs with fries and soda !! I'm such a pig!!  ??  I miss home made food! Recently I've been eating a lot of junk food 
i just ate a box of malteasers by myself, 
I just ate a bug 
I just ate a Screwball and there was no chewing gum in the bottom  I cried a little inside.
i just ate a whole can of jalapeno pringles 
I just ate a whole cinnamin roll. Ugh I feel sick 
i just ate a whole lot of Zappo's....sounded like a good idea...not so much anymore...ahhhh i feel sick 
I just ate cow brain.... I don't feel smarter 
I just ate dinner and I feel soooooo sick now 
i just ate ice cream! i'm hatin the summer heat coz i'm stuck here at home when i should be out on the beach enjoying the sun 
i just ate lasagna..i like lasagna. homework still! 
I just ate my dinner and i feel rather hungry now 
i just ate my lunch and i'm still hungry 
i just ate popcorn. i havent eaten popcorn in forever... haha getting ready then work from 6 to 11-ish... 
I just ate ranch dressing that expired in october...  disgusting!
I just ate some burgers from Jack In The Box and im not sure if I want to continue eating burgers 
i just ate some of my mascara; way to start the morning...I hate Mondays 
i just ate, i want to start drinking again before all the effect goes away 
I just attempted to stretch and the knots in my back were so bad they refused to let me... I need a massage. No exaggeration. 
I just baked a cake  ..shame it tastes like metal, though.. 
I just banged my elbow and its bleeding  owwiee
i just banged my head off the top bunk so hard i think i'm tweeting dead....  
I just bearly started reading Eclipse its not as good  as New Moon becuz Edward errr....I dont like him in it hes boring only Jacob&amp;bella
I just beat myself at monopoly 
I just became that annoying girl who talks on her cell phone while she is checking out. Oops! 
I just been dentist and had a flamin drill stuck in my mouth i cant flamin taste anything he didnt even give me an anostestic 
I just been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 
I just bet Nikki to pound a beer within 5min for $65USD and she told me to piss off  well not a beer, a Joose î?…
i just bit my lip 
i just bit my tongue 
i just bit my tongue.  blood everywhere!!!
I just blew another speaker 
i just booked my holiday then realised i will be missing my graduation.flight non-refundable.no graduation for me  mum is MAD!
I just bought some tickets to go see @mileycyrus in London. Since she's boycotting Scotland 
I JUST bought the virgin suicides- I wish I knew it was going to be Picador's book club pick earlier  #pic7
I just bought two homeless guys a plate of food 
I just bought yet another Maidenhair Fern. Let's see how long I can keep this one alive. 
I just bricked my iPhone. Wheee!  
I just broke a $150 bottle of cologne  So I went and bought a new lap top. I feel better.
I just broke both of yolks on my eggs this morning... what a great start to a Saturday morning 
I just broke my awesome Tiki cup from when I went to the Jeckle &amp; Hyde Club in NYC with Keggy 
i just broke my bracelet 
I just broke my guitar string so now I have to buy more! oops 
I just broke the external door handle on my car, which wouldn't matter that much if the other external door handle wasn't broken too 
I just broke the news to my mom that I'm not gonna be here for her birthday/  She took it well though. Haha.
i just broke the pair of shoes i was going to wear tomorrow  fuckkkk
i just broke the present i was going to give my daughter for her bday 
i just burned both of my eyes while trying to wash my make up off  i also feel sick  ughh
I just burned my finger 
i just burned my hair blow drying it...and now the room stinks 
i just burned my tongue 
I just burned six fingers with my flat iron 
i just burned the crap out of my hand... 
i just burned the ISH outta my arm...HUGE!!!! and it hurts 
I just burnt my face with my straightner  what a way to start out my day.
I just burnt my finger  ouch!
I just burnt my finger on my straightener 
i just burnt my supper, the whole kitchen is one big ball of smoke  fucking internet.
I just burst my grandsons balloon and now he won't speak to me 
I just called Buttonwood and they disnt answer  i wipl call again at 2 haha
I just called my grandma. it's her birthday today, she's 83. My other grandma died several years ago 
I just called the cops on the murderer in my bed  
I just came back from a business trip and I am going to DC in  2 weeks looks like!! 
i just came back from the land of Baba and Nyonya... i'm sure the 3kg that i lost, is back again  need to get back to the gym !!
I just came back frome the test  and I finished with &quot;thnch&quot; forever and ever haha  before the test I was so close to cry i felt so bad 
i just came down with the flu last night,i hate being sick 
I just came home from skool 
I just came out as kinky to one of my oldest friends and he told me he can't be friends with me anymore. I'm so sad.  
I just cancelled my friendster account. 
i just cant believe he did it  after that all!! guys are just unbelievable sometimes... but why she?? that little slut!!?
i just can't believe i'm at work again.   boo
I just can't deal with this anymore. I just want her to get better, and it breaks my heart when she cries about being in pain 
I just cant do anything right anymore 
I just can't get a good night sleep in a hotel anymore. 
I just can't get it up (8) :L Lol. on nation radio wales  Upset!
I just can't get you out of my head. I don't want to move home, it's really sinking in now and I'm close to tears thinking of leaving... 
I just cant go shopping man. Was not built for it. 
I just cant have fun anymore 
I just can't live a lie-carrie underwood is making me cry 
i just cant seem to find a photo small enough to put up  even though my mac says there under 700k, twitter seems to disagree....!!! grrr
i just cant stand it !!!. i want to see them. huhu.help me.help me 
I just can't stop thinking about what you told me ! 
I just can't take the circle of life...something tore apart the baby crab in the office fish tank  I only see one claw and an antennae
I just can't wait to change my twitter background. wait, am I on twitter again? OMG! its close to 3am!! I should work on my report! 
i just cant write a pop song! its not working. 
i just cheated on my diet   do i have to write in my food diary that i scarfed down 2 corn dogs? Oh so good!
I just checked the weather and I'm not doing ANYTHING today 
I just chewed a paper clip and it hit off my filling. It hurts 
I just choked on a bitesize snickers bar 
i just choked on water and spat it out all over the sink. it hurt. no ice 
I just consumed about a weeks worth of calories in my one piece of Olexa's cake  but it was oh so worth it!
I just coughed so much I puked. Ughh I feel so sick. 
I just created my first LaTeX file from scratch. That didn't work out very well. (See @amandabittner , it's a great time waster)
I just cried @ dinner because my mom said she wouldn't let me buy blink tickets because she doesn't known where we'll be in August  fml.
I just cried at a Tv show, I'm so pathetic 
i just cried when blair got expelled.  poooooor blair. but its okay. she is going to Yale and everything is okay.
i just cried while i was watching master chef,  lol it was sad 
i just cried with lauren and heidi from the hills. when they were on the yacht and were talking. it reminded me about my ex-best friend 
I just cut my finger a mile long!  --S &lt;3
i just cut my hand open yesterday . now i cant move my thumb, without opening it. icould see inside my hand.     cant wait for him to come
I just cut my tongue on an animal cracker.  I need some asistance with getting through this day.
i just cut myself a fringe!  btw dont know why im writing on here, i have no followers  how sad
I just cut one of the best baseball guys I know off of the Ceres Coyotes.  it is a sad day in the Coyotes Nation.
I just decided I do not like driving this car...and am in a bad mood 
I just did 2 quizzes and both said I belong in Paris! What happened to my all-Dublin Irish days? 
I just did a half-ass job of flat ironing my hair. Now I look the the mean, old lion from 'The Wiz'! 
i just did a STUPID thing.... i watched vids of beyonce in NYC last night- just making me more upset about not going tonight 
I just did a survery, and it made me feel like a slut. 
I just did all the yardwork 
I JUST DID HALF OF MY HW ONLINE AND THE INTERNET DELETED IT. Now i have to do it again. *cries* 
I just did the most depressing thing in the world. I checked our credit score. Suzie Orman would deny me even buying a stick of gum. 
I just died on Runescape so I'm going to bed 
I just disappointed my niece and feel terrible about it. My plans could not be adjusted, but I feel so bad about it. 
I just discovered I left my favorite headband at my apartment. I might cry. 
i just discovered that rove isn't on tonight.. 
I just don't get it 
i just don't get it.. why are they giving credits to people who did nothing? 
I just don't get it......really I don't 
i just don't get why whiskey has a cooler name than echo. echo isnt cool. comon!! i miss dollhouse.. 
I just don't know  why is it so awkward?
I just don't know what more I could do... 
I just dont know what to do anymore? i wanna see my mammy 
i just don't know why i'm upsed now...i was doing english test and i come back to home like this ... 
I just don't think Dane Cook is funny. 
I just don't understand, why would anybody think it's okay to walk in a salon &amp; beat up someone over &quot;talk&quot; 
i just don't understand. they just want their freedom 
I just don't wanna spoil my picture with green  
I just don'y know what to do with myself 
I just drank a glass of red wine and it went down entirely the wrong way...my legs now require cleaning 
i just drank my 4th protein shake.. hahhaha my metabolism is fluxuating again ~o and i love eating fruits &lt;3 &amp; their high sugar contents 
I just droped my phone and dented it 
i just dropped a butter knife on my toe 
I just dropped my beer in the bath 
I just dropped my damn phone. I could only keep it fresh for 2 days. 
i just dropped my laptop on my foot... ouch  also I dont recommend the Bhagavad Gita...
I just dropped my macbook 
I JUST DROPPED MY PHONE AND BROKE IT. SO ANGRY. OBVIOUSLY, I WILL NOT BE REPLYING TO TEXTS OR CALLS. 
I just dropped my phone and scratched it all up. 
I just dropped off my baby at grade school for the first time and she didn't even care that I left... sniffle sniffle 
I just dropped so much water on my kitchen floor. 
I just drove 20 min to go pick something up, and realized i left my checkbook at home. Need it! 
I just drove my dog around, walked around with him like a toddler, brought him outside, fed him, and he's STILL crying, he's sick 
I just drove my mom to the airport.. 
I just farted. Oh yea Cavs Let Me Down also 
I just feel sad   - What I do now? :I
I just fell down the stairs.  Yep.  That actually happened.  Broke my key chain too. 
I just fell off a stage and broke my ankle 
I just fell off a stage and broke my ankle : I just fell off a stage and broke my ankle 
I just fell over my walker onto my face 
i just figured out that my pic had to be less than so many KBs!  I guess I'd better get on to the bills 
I'm getting my ass in gear and actually participating in HiH stuff...I've been MIA for a bit. 
i'm getting my classes done... how can I tech the be verb and still be a nice teacher? 
I'm getting my phone taken away  so if you need me call my housez! 215 725 5454
I'm getting old, man. I remember being a kid. That was cool. And then a teen. That was fine. Now I'm 23. Mid life crisis. 
I'm getting ready 4 a party. To bad it's raining 
I'm getting ready for a HUGE fight with the mother of my child. I think I'm going to lose as, as normal she holds the ace card.. Nathan 
I'm getting ready for service @ Bethel Apostolic Temple.....I can't wait for God to show up and show out!!! I do kinda miss tally though 
I'm getting ready to go to Mars with Megan. Too bad we no longer have Rocket Man to accompany us...  lol.
I'm getting ready to go to sleep! I don't know why I'm so tired 
I'm getting ready to head out but it's a rainy day!    Not sure if I want to get my big red balls wet...
I'm getting really bored with the painting now 
I'm getting really lazy with my Twitter updating 
I'm getting really sad I'm leaving tomorrow  I'm gonna miss everyone sooo much! I just can't believe I'm actually going to France waahh!!
I'm getting sleepy  It's been one of those LONG days. Gotta study tomorrow too, don't think I'll be staying up late tonight =/
im getting sleepy and i havent had ice cream yet 
I'm getting sleepy but I want to stay up to watch Jay Leno...it's his last show so sad 
im getting slightly tired of this ongoing stomach ache 
I'm getting so anxious about tomorrow. Help? 
I'm getting so good at this getting ready in a rush thing it scares me  I enjoy taking 2 hours to get ready, not twenty minutes !
I just figured out the whole premise to &quot;If You Seek Amy&quot; and I feel like the slowest kid in school. 
I just figured out what a eurobond is and ill probably never need that knowledge again 
I just finish a one hundred and eighty questions test  was sleeping during the middle of it.
I just finished 2 yrs Culinary Arts, now Im ready to spread my wings ...lol Just need a job now 
I just finished a Song with Cousin Cletus I had to sing Chorus  Flashing Light Remix !!!
I just finished my 2nd to last box of nerds!!! 
I just finished my book  It was so good, why did it have to end . Happy Mothers Day!
I just finished my last high school theatre production. 
I just finished my last stick of Choki Choki   AHH, i want somemore!
i just finished my new favorite show hana yori dango  I LOVE IT! well theres still the movie left atleast  eeeeeeeeeeee
I just finished putting 300 songs on my mom's mp3 player for her. She is going to Vegas so she wants her Mp3 player set up. I want to go 
I just finished reading my last book until the end of August   It was The Dark Is Rising by Susan Cooper.
i just finished sharis birthday present !! since today morning i have headache  i think i should drink more......
I just finished watching a movie called 'shuttle'. It was pretty sick &amp; I dont know how anyone could film that. 
I just finished watching seasons 1 and 2 of School Rumble and now I'm trying to finish the manga, 3rd season is somewhat not aired yet 
I just finished watching Selena...it is so damn sad   
i just finished working though, it is getting dark outside *sigh* i wanted to go shopping  ?????????????????????????????????????????
I just found 3 more gray hairs.  I'm up to 5 total.  
I just found a 6lb bag of boneless skinless chicken that I had left in my car trunk since thursday. Man did it stink! 
I just found a hole in my favorite dress 
I just found a mushroom in my sandwich! Now my day is totally ruined! 
I just found a whole nest of dead baby birds. 
I just found my mobile sitting in what looks like graham cracker dust.  so weird. Why didn't anyone gimmie a cracker?
I just found out about two recent deaths.  that needs to motivate me to get up out of this bed...but i haven't moved yet #homegoingfail
i just found out andy samberg has a girlfriend  soooooo jealous! http://bit.ly/18iAXN
i just found out hedgehogs are illegal in california.    i'm depressed. and moving. maybe oregon or somewhere on the east coast.
I just found out I was his daughter's step mom haha wtf?! Ummm no nigga. Too early n the morn to be playin games. Glad she is ok tho 
I just found out I was unsuccessful in applying for the Hampshire Probation job  #fb
I just found out I'm not only going to NM this coming week, but also Texas for network installs at both places and the train them. 
I just found out my 13 year old cousin has tried almost Every drug possible  Very Dissapointing! _i miss them like crazy;!!!
i just found out some very upsetting newsss  *sniffle* off to swim!
I just found out that caffine henders the ability for a woman to orgasm. 
I just found out that I can't wear my black shoes on saturday 
I just found out that I might not be able to buy anything  My funds are on hold. Sadness.  (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
I just found out that Keyboard Cat's paws are not even real!!! 
I just found out that Max Headroom wasn't really CG!  Just latex &amp; foam prosthetic makeup and a fiberglass suit. ... Like a Jackelope! 
I just found out that my dad is paying my little sister more than he offered me for a crappy job. fmylife. 
I just found out that my friend has brain tumor. 
I just found out that my sister went to the hospital last night, and had to get surgery 
I just found out that one of my friends, someone who I use to talk to all the time who has disappeared is blocking me from Flickr. 
I just found out that the future career path I've chosen is one of the the worst things to base a career off of, ouch. 
i just found out the hotel that i got for next weekend was canceled in SF&gt; WTF!!! i don't know what to do now.  FML!
i just found out the my kitty is retarded..litterally  poor little Dodger
I just found rainbow shoelaces in a drawer. Now if only I had rainbow sneakers to match! 
I just found some of my dance metals; 6 gold &amp; 3 silver.,I think. I MISS IT! 
i just fucked up. i took down parkway to put bmth, and decided against it and now i cant put parkway back up 
i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen....and the asshole comes home &amp; is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it 
I just gave away my car. Kinda feeling sad about it but guess I really don't need it anymore 
i just gave my summer away. 
I just gave the dogs baths. Mixy really needed it, he was so hot. 
i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain 
I'm getting so tired  and I wanna see my baby 
I'm getting the oil changed in the van; i've been waiting for about a half hour now. My shoulders are killing me 
Im getting tired of this. 
I'm getting tired of this. 
I'm getting tired... Long days= early nights  NO FUN!
I'm Getting Worse Not Getting Better This SUCKS!!! 
Im getting yelled at for playing cradle of filth at the bar... 
I'm getting ythe slightlest inkling of a sore throat, and I have ulcers in my mouth  methinks im getting sickly 
I'm giving in and taking my contacts out  Darn contacts!
im giving up on this twitter no bugger talks to me anymore! 
Im giving up on twitter. My pic is gone my background is gone..I'm hopeless when it comes to technology!! 
I'm glad and I've just realized that I MUST go on Jb's concert when they come to swe ;D I ahev a problem  and that's with who ;o
I'm glad I can complain to Cait. I have very few friends I can really talk to about personal shit. I wish Chelsea was online more as well 
Im glad I did not have a wallet in my pocket last night when I stage dove on the last song..I knew I felt a fan stealing my phone  SUCKS!
I'm glad I don't have class on Fridays. I need the break! Algebra test on Wednesday 
I'm glad I don't like softball, 'cuz this is painful  But GO GATORS!
I'm glad i found ustream.tv, i can watch Cirstea vs Stosur live. Unfortunately  not a good start for Sorana 
i'm glad its raining  why is that that when i do want to get darker i dont but when i dont i toast so fast.  want to be white
I'm glad it's the holiday but I still have study camp  But I'm sure it'll benifit me when I do my PLSE.  &gt;-*=b
I just got &quot;Lover Avenged&quot; of the black dagger brotherhood! I wanna read it but in spanish 
i just got 5 Farkles in a row - ouch! I lose 
I just got 5 starred by my brother 
I just got a head rush so bad I fell over.  that's never a good sign.
I just got a headache 
i just got a horrible headache out of nowhere. 
I just got a model job. And they thought I was 18. WTF 
i just got a new car..... beginning to think i should of just kept my old one???? man im lost for words 
i just got a phone call that i might be subpoena for court 
I just got a wiff of pazik fart! 
I just got an email about the death of z-cult fm. I sulk now 
I just got an email from my professor saying my paper is all wrong...I'm going to go cry now. 
i just got asked to shoot a funeral... unsure whether to... 
I just got attacked by a wall again. 
I just got back from clinbing contest. forgot my camera.......  so no pictures  (stuppid me!!!)
i just got back from the twins game. to bad they lost 
I just got back from watching Twilight at the theatre...I think I should have saved my money...my girl wasnt impressed and neither was I 
I just got back!  hmm physics1 was (y), physics2 was.. Not so easy. And bio practical was just okay. Hmm..i dont wanna get low marks 
I just got bak from jet sking it was awsome!! But i almost broke my thumb! 
I just got beat to a &quot;and knowing is half the battle&quot; 
I just got bit by a mozzi on my eye lid...im elergic and my eye is so swollen i cant see out of it 
I just got bitten by a squrrile twice! 
i just got cherry limeaid in my eye. fuuuuck 
I'm glad my weekend is off to a great start... *sarcastic.* 
I'm glad that all got cleared up.  I lah you!  Idk why Linda hates me though.. 
Im glad that Aussie Men Junior Hockey Team got Bronze, But how could Netherland's Team lost to Germany! 
I'm glad that I totally lost my way with waking up early 
I'm glad that stupid Brokeback Mountain didn't win..
im glad that the Lakers won but now I have nothing to look forward to on tv 
Im glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! I failed  i got 70% 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
I'm glad to be home, but I wish I was still in Toronto 
I'm glad to know I'm not the only crafter who pulls all nighters! I am done with sashing  now bed so I can finish with bias in morn. nite!
I'm glad you're so concerned. I waannnaa be 17 again. FEARLESS AND CAREFREE  soo bored with where my life has headed ):
I'm gna try to hold it up in vancouver 2 more months &amp; finish school. Damn, this is gna b hard   goodnight everyone, wish me luck!
im gnna go watch neighbours for a bit...the revising is doing my head 
Im go to sleep, sad  Pablo come and rescue me please! I need u so much 
I'm god damned getting sick again!! 
I'm goin 2 bed.. My eyes hurt. 
Im goin 2 hane 2 have a marathon tweeting session this week if im goin to be Twitter-barred all weekend!  From Fri l/time till Mon Evenin!
im goin crazy  in here
i'm goin to bed. sadly, w/out being successful w/downloading JB new album 
im goin to miss it here 
im goin to miss my heartbeat incredibly wen she goes to Ibiza 
I'm goin' to read civics and history. Tomorrow I'll be tasted. 
im goin to sleep this is too much for me im really going to cry 
im goin to the dentist now, eww 
I just got done driving for the first time, OMG I SUCK!!!!!!!! Soo nervous to drive again! 
i just got done watching everyones newest youtube videos, and im wondering why all the big youtubers live in the east and not the west?! 
I just got five teeth pulled and it really sucks! my mouth feels really empty and bloody. it is really gross! 
I just got four shots 
I just got hair dye all over my arms and neck... Last time I do this at home!  It won't come off 
I just got hanged up on!! 
i just got high in the garage with my mom : / . now i'm eating a bagel with cream cheese...totally screwing up my diet  .
I just got home from a llama show last wknd and now to a day camp uhh wow lol but fun i wont b on much this summ.  busy
i just got home from a volleyball game...we lost 
I just got home from ER with mom. I guess @mightyv2000 is still at ER 
i just got home from the Jonas Brothers Tulsa concert!!I still can't believe how amazing that was!! I just wish that I could rewind time 
i just got home from work 8 and a half hours ago.  now i gotta go back for what could be a 13 hour day.  and i won't get rich either. 
i just got home, took off my work clothes &amp; now itching soooo bad it hurts  but i can't scratch 'em othrwise my hives will appear all over
i just got home...i'm going to craaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaash 
I just got in and had no problems coming from 270N &amp; exiting at Lenox. Nobody was going 45  #315
I just got joaned on by the whole break room. cus I had 1 dread sticking stright up 
I just got lost, ended up at a white hen to get chips and he made fun of me 
I just got my first 4star  must fix that!
im going 2 bed nowww - surprising??? Not rly, i have school 2morow, thats right, my spring break days r over 
I'm going 2 bed! need 2 wake up at 4 am tomorrow! 
i'm going 2 miss Jay Leno soooo much  but i do like Conan so we'll see how he does tonight
i'm going back to bed..... 
I'm going back to Cebu tomorrow. 
I'm going back to sleep. My head's killin me. 
Im going bed i dnt feel well as always 
I'm going crazy, i'm listening to Avril's Complicated and it's reminding me of those days.  HAAY. I miss childhood. )
I'm going crazy. Exhausted but I can't sleep. Poor walley, all out there, alone, scared, cold 
Im going for a drive today ;) Checking 4 (out of 5) horses.. The weather is quite nice  Long time no see  I miss Liten the most...  xoxo
I'm going for a world record! Well I'm thinking of going for a world record... No, no I'm not going for a record a al 
I'm going for lunch with @averagejoes in Bangsar laa. How to screw assignments all?  But I do miss tanning with @whysee
I'm going home for some major moping 
i'm going home right now, bye computer!!!!!!!! 
i'm going home.. I'm tired 
im going in about half an hour.. gna miss everyone like craaaaaazy 
I'm going miss Gilmore Girls today.. I'm a little gutted to be honest 
I'm going nocturnal. This is so not funny. I like sleep 
im going off, to do homework  i'll twit you tomorrow xoxo.
I'm going on a detox...starting Monday. I've been eating garabe - pure trash for about a month straight 
I just got my first speeding ticket in about 15 years. 
i just got my first tweetspam.. and they used a digg url to hide it  only reason i fell for it, i swear!
i just got my hands on a post from a group of iranians.  they just want help... i'm sobbing uncontrollably right now.. this is a sad day 
i just got my heart broken, the guy i like , its kinda in love with a friend of mine and he wants me to help him!  sad
i just got my nails done n i already messed them up  Alejandra &lt;3
I just got my wisdom teeth pulled out and I'm in bed and I have no idea how I got here 
I just got my wisdom teeth pulled out. My face is numb, Im bleeding, and I'm walking all crazy from effects of analgesia. My mouth hurts 
I just got news that my Telenovela of Lucerito ended with a 3 hour Finale, last week. So sad  nobody told me. I'm in shock. Fuck !!
I just got news that my Telenovela of Lucerito ended with a 3 hour Finale, last week. So sad  nobpdy told me. I'm in shock. Fuck !!
I just got offered sox yankees tickets and I can't freaking go  ugh I'm sad
I just got on and they're going down for an hour?  
i just got out of bed 
I JUST got paid!  I hate being a grown up.
I just got pulled over and given a speeding ticket 3 houses down from my own, my excuse: frozen groceries?? Not even a smile from the cop 
I just got pulled over for speeding 
I just got really paranoid for a second.  Shit I hope I'm wrong.
I just got Rick-Rolled 
I just got Rickrolled by Comedy Central while watching a taped Daily Show episode. 
I just got sad cause I was thinking there was another show the idols usually visit and realized it was TRL 
i just got shoe slapped. 
i just got shot 
I just got so excited, cause the waitress came out carrying our food...to another table. They ordered the same thing we did. 
I just got so incredibly homesick looking at the photos of Pirmasens before it was turned over to the Germans in 1994. 
I just got spammed!! 
I just got stung by a ray in the gulf and my foot is killing me. OUCH! Guessing no running for a few days 
I just got stung by the police. Fucking gas station job. Now i have to go to court. 
i just got the deaded call! my grandma died! i have ot get to minnesota asap!  sad sad.
I'm going on a diet...starting NOW! I couldn't believe what I saw when I got on the scale 
I'm going on strike because they aren't making a Jurassic Park 4  sniffle sniffle 
I'm going out now! And I've got school tomorrow.  I'm soo going to fall asleep in class!
I'm going out of town so i wont be posting so much 
I'm going out to c wat is going on in this cursed city. will be with u later, &amp; i cant c ur replies. sorry  #iranelection
I'm going out. I'm gonna mis my boyfriend 
i'm going swimming today? I AM SICK! please dont be H1N1 
im going through instruments and sounds for 40 minutes; and still havent found a sound i want to start a song with 
I'm going through my photobucket account, and I really miss psychic Sam in SUPERNATURAL. 
I'm going through the biggest break up of my life!! 3 years together- I got to be strong 
I'm going to add to the Hangover trend. I have one 
I'm going to be a writer today. Yup. It's been a while. 
i'm going to be homeless for several months! 
Im going to be homesick  i can only imagine what i will be like when we go to hawaii..
im going to be in about 2 or 3 more plays this year 
I'm going to be late for @brianmccoll's Radio Workshop if this traffic doesn't hurry the eff up! Jesus, it's just rain, FFS! 
I'm going to be late for work  good morning all.
im going to be lonely tomorrow 
I just got the new naruto game 4 ds!!!!  but im not allowed 2 play it 
I just got the WORST leg cramp.  time for bed.
I just got to slim... ....for 6 years running I've tried every diet...with no success..:\...help? 
I just got to work and everything is topsy turvy. Poor Erin 
I just got told I look like a boy 
I just got up a few mins ago 
I just got up. 
i just got yelled at, for missing him. i really need to find the right guy 
i just had 105 followers now i have 104! whats going on here? this morning i had 108. this is making me very very sad 
I just had 2x asprins, 2x de-gas and 1x no doz plus tablets all at the same time. Will I die? 
I just had 3 cups of coffee. Do i need help? I think NOT!!! M'while, the world's worst karaoke singer is here 
I just had a  really yummy breakfast (strawberries, bananas and english muffin). But I cut my finger in the process 
I just had a bad dream  Hope it wouldnt come true 8-)
I just had a bad dream  I wanna cuddle
I just had a bad dream!  I woke up crying
I just had a hot fudge sunday from sonic and now my tummy hurts 
I just had a huge fight with my mom   now she won't even talk to me 
I just had a meeting outside and I am literally dripping 
I just had a mommy melt down at this store because kye threw a fit and started kicking and screaming and omg it was horrible 
i just had a nose bleed 
I just had a really bad dream 
I just had a small nap and a nightmare 
I just had a very sad dream.  Coke and Phoenix's 1901 makin' me feeling better.
I just had deja vu for 5 minutes. it was freeaakkyy 
I just had dinner. (tried to snag some hot dog but it didnt work) 
I'm going to be sad because I won't be able to tweet for a week  but mommy is going to take LOTS of pictures!!
i'm going to be sad when jay leno's done hosting the tonight show.  he's the best.
i'm going to be sleeping alone from now on... 
I'm going to be so sad if Jon and Kate divorce. 
I'm going to be very red by tonight 
im going to be working the whole summer! 0_o  with no days off!!?   this is going to be crazy!
Im going to beat these damn raccoons up! They want my kitties for a midnight snack 
I'm going to bed 
I'm going to bed after some code giving me the run around  for severalk hours  but I got there in the end...
i'm going to bed i feel terrible  goodnight
I'm going to bed now. Gotta be up in 5 hours. 
I'm going to bed now...tomorrow is going to be rough, my mom, who lives downstairs is leaving for 3 months..my son is going to be a wreck 
im going to bed soon, I wanted to talk to Taro thou 
I'm going to bed.  Can't eat and I'm tired, it's like dying all over again.
i'm going to bed. I'm talking at people (well, Noel) and he's not talking back, i think he's cross with me 
Im going to bed. My tummy hurts 
i'm going to bed. school tomorrow 
im going to bed. The past 5 hours was a total waste of life 
I'm going to Butlins...yeh hurray lets go on the tiny bouncy castle and tea cups! sure! I'm a bit too old for Butlins! 
i just had my chicken pox and mmr boosters. i h8 needles 
i just had pasta...yum! the weather here is abnormal. catching a cold.. 
I just had scrambled eggs... i feel sick 
I just had the biggest upset of my life, since I had to watch the series finale of Buffy for a class when I'm only on season two... 
i just had the most AMAZING american breakfast ever. I don't want to have to leave  i wish we could stay till after friday.
I just had to call in sick to take Skorpie cat to the vet. 
I just had to get sick 
I just had to have a fish funeral for my little gold fish. 
I just had to let go of one of my best friends, ignatius. 
I just had to put my family's cat down 
I just had to put my kitty to sleep and I'm so sad 
I just had to take out my industrial.  sad day
I just had to wash my hands with gasoline and now my parents won't let me in the house because i smell like a truck stop. 
I just had two people stop following me 
I just have to remember the fret markers are my friends, and practice at it. But then I take the lazy man's way and read tabs instead. 
I just have to wait untill my mom gets home so she can drive me there to go get it  I don't think I can wait that long!!!!
i just heard a horrible joke... &quot;kermit the frog just died of swine flu  his last words: that fucking pig told me she was clean!&quot;
I just heard a song that reminds me of when Destiny was a baby. How I miss her so...  &lt;~.:Rise Up:.~&gt;
I'm going to club mimi's i miss my queen-my one and only ride or die bride @saren_GO its hard to sleep without her kicking me off the bed 
im going to cry 
im going to cry because of John &amp; Kate 
I'm going to cry if I can't download &quot;T.I.A&quot; 
I'm going to cry over maths. I am going to fail sooo bad. Why does G have to be smart and inavertedly make me feel inferior? 
I'm going to cry! ShojoBeat is putting out it's last issue 
I'm going to cyprus today... But i don't have any money.  oh well i guess i'll get mom to get me something.
I'm going to defrag my computer and then call it a night ... hopefully I feel better in the morning  ... GoodNight Tweeple!
Im going to die on this bus. Im too black for this heat 
I'm going to die Thursday when my bf leaves me for a week and can't talk to me at all  &lt;//333
I'm going to do a BIG blog tomorrow about my weekend LOL to lazy now! 
I'm going to do homework, then lounge by the pool. WITH sunscreen this time! Also, my mom, @sherrylanier is sick today  Send well wishes!
I'm going to do homeworkkk. They're all so long! 
I'm going to do something completely opposite of myself...do my history homework! No more writing until tomorrow  I miss you laptop&lt;3
im going to draw a picture; a picture with a twist! I'll draw it with a razorblade, and draw it in my wrist	
I'm going to eat a popscile and draft a plan for a domain migration. 
I'm going to FAIL Luther. Just went through my notes and know nothing. Arghh 
i'm going to fail science!!! I'm going to just drop out 
im going to fail senior sem  ............. - http://bkite.com/08hTh
I'm going to fall asleep watching South Park now, and I hope that I forget my abysmal day 
I'm going to find someone someday who might actually treat me well. This is a big world. Goodbyes are forever 
I'm going to finish reading my book Envy even tho the next book in the series has not been publish  and I really want to read it
im going to fucking miss vegas when we leave later today 
i'm going to get used to sleeping in your arms, and i'm never going to want you to leave. :[ i know you will tho because i snore lmao 
Im going to get x-rays done on my foot 
im going to go and exercise  it has to be done to lose the baby weight!!
im going to go for my interview now, my heart is beating faster than ever, im so scared atm, gaagagagaaahhhhhh 
I'm going to go hide for a while, I feel like shit. Pain!!! 
I'm going to go in tennis training so bye twitter ! 
im going to go inhale some tar and soot into my lungs..im sorry lungs, I wrote you a letter yesterday quitting but forgot to send it 
I'm going to go insane in this house 
Im going to go mad if my stuff doesn't come this week 
Im going to go to bed again, ear (both) infection, I am completely dizzy, yyyyuck! My stomach is hurting too  Peace-out loves
im going to go to paige's b-day bonfire but i hhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttttttttttteeeeeeeeeeee the beach  sucks
im going to have a boring ass weekend 
I'm going to have a mathematics test on Monday about Pi. Can anyone help me? 
I'm going to have a real hard time combing my hair out  all these curls bobby pins and twisties huh...
I'm going to have another exam on Monday next week. 
I'm going to have to start auditioning for @bigbassist1701 's replacement. He leaves us for Poland soon  Anyone wanna be on CoMutiny?
I'm going to hell ..accidently ran over a squirrel  ...
i'm going to kill my dog she just ate my flip flops so now i have to go buy a new pair 
I just heard that an old school friend died in a car crash.. I don't think I've ever been this sad 
I just heard that one of my friends passed away. R.I.P. 
I just helped out a group of jewish kids, that's how good of a guy I am! Although I burned myself in the process. 
I just hit a fly away from me and knocked my earbuds out..and somehow conked myself in the head with one 
I just hit my elbow really hard! 
i just hit my fo'head on the windowsill while trying to reach for my My Little Pony shoes.OOOOW 
I just hit my head 
i just hit my head on the lowest ceiling ever. owww 
I just hit my head so freaking hard on the corner of a  shelf above my bed. I'm gonna have a huge bump 
I just hope I can find my focus repair manual so I can attempt to fix my window w/o help though its supposed to rain all day,Ugh  fck this
I just hope I get accepted by my section 
I just hope my sandZ, neoZ, favZ, &amp; Jill get there safely!!! I hate that I'm missin out 
i just hope that the install goes smoothly today 
i just hurt my back i don't know how it was fine and then all of a sudden there was a sharp pain while i was making my bed 
I just installed more memory and a new modem in my computer. And I believe my nails are gonna have 2 go.  dame!
I just installed ubertwitter but keep getting 'unknown error'  can't even send feedback to @codewarden frm there
I just jammed my finger on the bathroom stall door 
I just joined so I'm confuzzled. 
I just keep feeling worse and worse 
I just keep on thinking on you 
I just killed 3  little birds  with my truck.  im a jerk
i just killed a bug with my hand...eewwww. it was annoying me!!! staying home on a friday night..need to save $$  boo
i'm going to lay down and think about THE PLAN.. he aid that he does want to talk to me for a week.. what does that mean? 
I'm going to lay down in the fetal position until it's over 
I'm going to love this season of the hills... I can tell!  Spartans sucked.    Goodnight!!
i'm going to make lunch and watch s. darko, even though jake gyllenhaal won't be in it. 
I'm going to make my way over to the library in a bit. On a Sunday 
I'm going to miss dancing this summer. 
I'm going to miss grandma the most 
i'm going to miss him so much!  going to bed i think. laying here with rocky and ginger. nabil just left (: textextext me !
I'm going to miss Jay Leno on The Tonight Show. 
I'm going to Miss Jay Leno sooooooo much 
I'm going to miss kitty and my other animals! But it's only for 4 days. I know that they miss me too!  Mommy is coming back soon!
I'm going to miss lc &amp; lo 
i'm going to miss my english lecture today.. i have to work on my data.. have to finish today...  i would prefer to go to class lol
I'm going to miss my late night Jay fix after June 1st... 
I'm going to miss my old class sooo much 
i'm going to miss my sister so much 
I'm going to miss my twitter for an hour 
I'm going to miss red girl 
I'm going to miss RIT over the summer and more importantly someone 
im going to miss the first new eiposode of ugly betty because of prom  hahahaha
I'm going to miss the Fly With Me music video.  I hope somebody puts it on YouTube.
I just killed a good pot of coffee b/c I wasn't paying attention to it 
I just killed a lightning bug!! An it's still gliwin on my windshield!!!  rip squashed bug
I just killed a radio station on accident. 
I just killed my sim in a fire  Noooooooooo!!! I reet want pets on it!!!! Hurry up making expansionssssssssssssssss!!
i just kinda want a chimichanga right now? do you even spell it like that? whatever, I can't even have one  http://tumblr.com/xvx25asmj
I just knew that my live is black without him. I can't even feel my feet now. Why the fuck it feels so hurt.. Stop it ! It hurt so much 
i just know i am going to peel right around my scalp... you all know how awful that is... flaky head  dang! i am very sad about this burn!
I just laid my head to sleep. Wide awake. In ten min Ill be tired And then the vicious cycle will repeat. And i still have those pimples 
I just landed. I'm in Georgia again  this isn't fun!
I just learned that the guy who voiced Mickey Mouse died last month. 
I just left the mc chris show...he wasn't as good as I thought he was going to be 
i just legit devoured a brownie sundae..i don't feel so good 
I just let my EverQuest 2 subscription lapse. Just don't play it anymore. Don't have the time 
I just lied about my age for the first time 
i just like wept through that whole bflo interview. i wish i didn't love him so much so it would make not seeing him easier on my heart 
I just listened to these people ragging on the viola 
i just looked at the ringtones available from at&amp;t, and realized i don't recognize any of today's &quot;popular&quot; artists. i'm so old 
i just lost 3 followers 
I just lost 488 pics cause the power went off while coping photos to pc. the switch the Mgr said to flip turned off my neighbors power! 
I just lost a fight against @hangy on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=hangy
I JUST LOST ALLLLL MY RESPECT 4 LeBron. He walked off the court like a puss ass cry baby and didn't dap up Dwight. Congratulate him. SMH! 
i just lost at basketball..  
I just lost at iPhone scrabble  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/1uObGw.t
I just lost my baby and I gotta get another 1(my wavecap)  fuck!!!!!lol
i just lost my ipod 
I JUST LOST MY MONEY IN POKER.  HOW.
I just lost my phone. Sooo scared. 
I just lost my sandals at the lake. 
I just lost my sponsorship 
I just lost some followers 
I just lost something that was in my hand. who does that? Im seriously not joking I need help. this always happens to me 
I'm going to miss the Lakers game  I'll be sleeping while it's on, lol.
I'm going to miss the marauding Vikings cheering as they pass 
I'm going to miss the Torchwood section of DWF  Hopefully all the people there will migrate to the same place...
I'm going to miss the Trailer premiere of New Moon!!!! *cries and screams* Hug me 
i'm going to miss this house. 
I'm going to miss this place 
I'm going to miss you Marc!! 
im going to my dentist 
im going to name hell 
I'm going to nap then I  really want to talk to @HeyItsRiley I miss her and my week is sucky 
I'm going to need a vacation from my vacation 
I'm going to perform with my good friend Nicole Brilhante on Thursday at Don Ho's.  Please come, no one else will 
I'm going to pull a @SteveStreza and start yelling about Xcode. God damn pile of shit. Arg. Jesus. Crap. 
I'm going to put myself in the bed and read.  My book is about to get all sad on me and I don't wanna cry. 
im going to read more Dead to the World then fall asleep, peace out! and oh crap i have a bruise on my arm 
I'm going to return the Zantrex because it made me feel so sick yesterday 
I'm going to rush around Dundrum to find outfits for tomorrow! NightMARE 
I'm going to school 
I'm going to see Le Mis tonight. - myonlysanction: ugh, so jealous. aw  im a sucker for musicals, but i... http://tumblr.com/xtl1wb089
I just lost the game.     
i just lost two followers  how does that happen?
I just love  when my internet doesn't work. 
I just love FC issues.  When I am not there.
i just love how i lost my best friend. 
I just love picking up hot poop...walking the dog 
i just love post-game traffic. but it's worth it, because the #mets won, 3-2. citi field is so classy, guys. i miss shea. 
I just love waking up at 7 am when I have to be at work at 1 and probably will not fall back asleep 
I just love waking up at 8:00am to go swim for two hours at tri-c..on saturday. 
I just LOVE when I get 5 difft emails, each w/ a difft Word .doc that I can't open from my email app (T-Bird). YIPEEE! 
I just mad one piece of my slumber party outfit at frenzoo, but I can't see the picture now... and I can't wear it either 
I just made a banner for my Twitter, you can see it on several different websites.  I'm sad that I have to go back to school on Tuesday. 
I just made a HUGE mistake and ill be paying for it very very soon 
Im going to shit my self Supernatural is going to be horrible its about a killer clown 
im going to sleep cause Imani said so 
I'm going to sleep in the spare room tonight, there's a huge spider running around my floor  Hopefully Rolo will eat it!
im going to sleep no1 wants 2 talk 2 me  @jojo_thani is insane and @zapamna is a sleep.. G-Night! WORLD!
im going to sleep now (my dog is snorting  like a small piggy ). going to teach him tomorrow how to come when called 
im going to sleep now. gotta wake up at 6  good night
Im going to sleep! I have to wake up at 4:30 
I'm going to sleep, for real this tiime! I can barely keep my eyes open, and they hurt now.  Goodnight ya'll. &lt;333
Im going to sleep, im tired, i have been cried everytime... this is horrible 
I'm going to sleep, then do geography/arts homework and probably cry about my biology exam and how I got a F this semester  #squarespace
im going to sleep.  have a doc appt tomorrow at 820am.  i have to wake at 7am. 
Im going to sleep. Its 11, and my stomach isnt as painful anymore. I think it might be my appendix. 
I'm going to sleep. Late night chillin with thee Mr... Come August I'm gonna be real lonely at night time layin in bed all alone! 
I'm going to sleep... I feel like I'm getting sicker ass the days go on! Wth thought it's suppose to get better! Sigh...  I miss twin 
i'm going to sleepies, feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeples xxx
Im going to start a clean slate...i took down my wall  No time to cry about the past..Future Family and friends !
I'm going to stop tweeting and do my LSAT studying now. 
i just made a pair of converse online. they look so cool! but i doubt my parents would buy them for me  i need to go to the mall
I just made a PB&amp;J only to find that the bread is moldy.  Disappointing.
i just made my twitter account and was attacked my a bee  
I just messed up two ribeye's. Propane empty! 
i just miss him 
i just missed a load of phonecalls trying to climb through a window dad failed to fix. don't feel up to phone calls right now though 
i just napped for far too long and will pay for it later tonight 
i just need some sleep, 
I JUST NEED TO LEARN GUITAR :| SOMEONE TEACH ME PLEASE! I need to so I can play my fave songs by @taylorswift13! 
I just need to talk to someone n everyone is busy 
I just noticed how shitty the cutting is in The Nanny. It's so obvious when a joke or scene has been cut out.  Boo.
i just noticed my boots have a hole in the sole 
I just noticed that I didn't watch naruto all weekend :O. It's not entertaining when Sasuke &amp; Sakura arent involved 
I just noticed that i have a lot of self-esteem issues and self confidence sort of. Fuck me 
I just noticed that the MCR merch shop online does not sell Revenge-era armbands. 
i just noticed that the world is filled with lots os amatuears and morons... (srry if i spelled amateaur wrong.    )
i just noticed. i have 666 followers 
i just now noticed i REALLY need to start using my glasses!!! :O going blind 
I just ordered the new mac!  but the delivery time is estimated 11days  (30th) they better be f*cking joking! &gt;
I just paid cash for a bus fare in Perth. For the first time in years. I bet I find my smartrider as soon as I leave Perth 
i just passed a hefty teen girl in a twilight tshirt 
I just passed a restaraunt called the great escape and it made me remember how bad i need boys like girls back on my ipod 
I just peed on my leg a little 
I just performed the heimlick n i can't stop shakin  i think i need c get recertified in CPR.
I just power washed the crap out of my back deck and now my right hand is twitching 
i just pushed to the back of the crowd, and i was all the way at the front ,my friends are still up there, i'm all alone 
I just put down these super cute Kate Spade sunglasses.  The unemployed should not be allowed to go shopping.    
I just put Sam on a plane to Dallas  
I just put toner on my face and it stung like after shave 
I'm going to take a shower and that is not so fun with 6 blisters on my feet I think 
i'm going to the airport now, i'll miss you little sister 
im going to the bed again 
I'm going to the gym to blow off some steam.  I wish they sold Sundaes at there...or at least frozen yogurt.  
I'm going to the hospital...i think I have food poisoning 
i'm going to wait for 1 whole hour before my flight. 
I'm going to wait until QuickPwn 3.0 comes out. Pwnage tool has not worked for me. I keep getting error 1600 after trying everything 
I just ran a little creature over with my car! 
i just ran and jumped over a chair and hit my thumb on the wall 
I just ran out of my kitchen screeching (literally) because the biggest moth ive ever seen is in there....theres no-one to get it for me 
I just ran over a bird!!  First killing on the road...but really, stupid bird, really? I was going 35 mph!!!!! Sheesh...
I just ran over a bunny 
i just ran over to watch it.... iÂ´m disappointed now. another break 
I just ran overs a gopher and it died  i feel like shit now..
I just read a book about tea and now I feel like drinking a jug of it. I'm a hopless case 
I just read the article on MSN &quot;Love Lessons from Dad&quot; and love it.  Very wise, too bad mine was never around to give any to me 
I just read the words 'Rebel MP' and now I've got bloody 'Street Tuff' in my head 
I just realised I always put my jumper on right arm first, and tried it left arm first. It felt weird and unusual, and now I am crying 
i just realised i have so few pictures taken with my sis  less than ten probably, with just the two of us in it
i just realised ive only ever commented on 1 @xthemusic youtube video. 
I just realised something. I promised God to abstain from kpop today but i replaced it with tumblr in the end..... Fail 
I just realised that I've got no more $$ for petrol this month!!  I need to make 1/4 tank last 2 weeks ...
i just realised what a loser i am 
i just realize, in a few days i'll start college, goodbye home, see you every saturdays 
I just realized all the depressing twitters 
I just realized how bad I suck at tap yap. 
I just realized how much of a bad mood i was in last night  i slept it off tho. Hopefully ill stay happy today!
I just realized I been wearing my pants inside out all day long at work. You think anyone notice? .................     LOL
I just realized i can start catching crab's in less than a month! yes it sounds awful, but they taste so good. wait i can't recover now 
I'm going to work from 3 to 10 today...  I hate evening shift.
im going to work now. 
I'm going to work now. 
I'm going to work now. I'm just not in the mood to. 
i'm going to work.. 
i'm going, i need to get my LVATT 
Im gona b without Twitter for a whole week 
IM GONA DIE IF I DONT C A VID...OMG BUT I REALLY GOOTA GO  #BTS
Im gona miss twitter today 
I'm gone for the evening, but please don't laugh on the Orlando Magic loss against the LA Lakers..... 
Im gone to sleep! I have 5 hours b4 I need 2 wake up 4 work..  so night night 4 me &amp; continue 4 wonderful day 4 all of my sweet twitts &lt;3
I'm gonna add Flo Rida because he can take the time to add (follow) me like he did to my friend, unlike some people!  
I'm gonna annoy the crap out of you all! Jordan's in 2nd place  help out girls,VOTE 4 HIM &amp; RETWEET PLEASE! vote herehttp://bit.ly/G8Er7
im gonna apologize to celina and @peaceNlove_ im soooo sorry I've never been so dramatic in my life. 
im gonna be 30 this weekend!!! 
I'm gonna be alone the whole night tonight with my sisters!  My cousins and everyone else are leaving. ME &amp; MY SISTERS ONLY! and helpers..
i'm gonna be honest. i love that titanic is a trending topic. ROSEEEEE. ROSEEEEE. YOU JUMP I JUMP 
I'm gonna be hotter than Vulcan's dick working outside today. 
I'm gonna be so sad when this is over  #asot400
im gonna be up allll night  damn my procrastination!
im gonna boycott facebook for the moment.  and concentrate on YOU, twitter! :-D
Im gonna call it a night..  
I'm gonna cry    I went bad at my History test ! I really hate History  !
I'm gonna cry !! Last day  I don't wanna leave anyone 
I'm gonna cry ...&quot;TinaFey&quot; is a fake! 
im gonna CRY at Graduation. 
Im gonna cry my sister just left. But no goodbyes. . . Just see you later 
I'm gonna cry! I had totally designed a @greggarbo t-shirt and my photoshop decided to stop working before I could save it 
i'm gonna cry...  worst day of my life.
I'm gonna cry... my other besties wrk hard like me&amp; we all b on som other shit but me &amp; ny was on our on shit lol. ny com bac home 
Im gonna curl up into a little ball. be back when the pain goes away. 
im gonna die of a heart attack one of these days, if i keep going off to bed this pissed.  GGGGGGG'NITEEEEEEEE
i'm gonna do da end-test semester &gt;&quot;&lt; da longest week i'll pass ...omg, damn it...i totally tired ( imu mb  wanna go wt ya 
im gonna fail science... im 100% sure about that... 
Im gonna fail the core 40 
I'm gonna feel alone with no friends in Los Angeles 
im gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well. oh taylor swift... 
Im gonna fuckin cry so so so much any minute 
im gonna go and eat...i have school tomorrow 
I'm gonna go clap my ass while I do the dishes . . . .ahhhh misty watercolored memories 
i'm gonna go crazy from being home alone on a saturday... WTF! 
I just realized i have a 25/80 vision  lol that's so bad!
I just realized I might have lost my old works probably due to bad organization between two external hard disks 
I just realized I missed The Birthday Massacre come to philly..... 
i just realized i took 0 pictures while Jared was here. 
I just realized i was lied to and a promise was broken. 
I just realized i wasn't invited. Damn. That hurt my feelings. 
I just realized I'm breaking a promise. I'm sorry 
I just realized im gonna fail my Math EOC 
i just realized im poor... 
I just realized Kae doesn't have a last name 
I just realized my avatar has no head. 
I just realized my dead creatures are an excuse for my cyberfriends to party. *Without * me   Man oh man... see if I report a carcass LOL
I just realized my uncle is there too 
I just realized sparring when your angry isnt worth it... as soon as I got my gums busted i got suicides for goin hard and drawin blood 
i just realized that i have to miss 'home and away' tonight.. oh well 
I just realized that I passed 30K omg  i should quit
I just realized that I will spend almost 40% of my precious weekend SLEEPING!  What a waste...too bad I don't do sleep deprivation well.  
I just realized that I'm not going 2 see @nypudge tomorrow either  &amp; on Wed. I leave for #michigan 4 a week! Too much time away fm him!
I just realized that i'm not that important. to anyone. i feel quite unloved 
i just realized that joseph called me back during me jessicas and julias message. i feel like i fail 
I just realized that my best friends live out of Peru 
i JUST realized that my dad's in wyoming about half an hour ago. i was in the dark. everyone kept this from me. 
i just realized that my exam is actually on thursday and not friday................ 
I just realized that the only thing i want is for a guy to treat me like delilah and write me a song 
I just realized the clothes I'm wearing really look awful in combination.  And my zipper keeps falling dawn 
i just realized there were so many unread twits especially from @aaddiiss and @ichaan. bytw @aaddiiss spoiler kid nih! gw kan blum nonton 
i just realized tomorrows fathers day.  fml... I miss my daddy..
I just realized we three monkeys in the white Obama.Biden,Pelosi . Sarah Palin 2012
i just realized, i forgot where i parked.. 
I just realized, I have hayfever! 
i just realized... today was my last monday at school!! i'm emo-ing over graduation and the leaving friends behind and all that... 
i just really hurt my face lol  i shouldnt lol because it actually hurt and aah, ok im going now for the last time :]
I just really want to be in Nashville instead of work.. 
I just really want to sleep butmy eyes won't let me 
I just received my OFITG CD &amp; tote!     not with EP though  - Photo: http://bkite.com/087tW
I just recovered from Saturday and hit the gym hard with Hector, the don't cry me a river trainer  gooood burn! I'm up for shopping!!
I just reformatted my iphone. Way faster now.   Just missing all my apps.  I had 3 pages. Now I only have 1.
I just reliazed that ive been sick on and off all year...it TOTALLY sucks big time 
i just remember it's Transformers opening day in our side of the world! Huhu, too bad can't catch it this week. 
I just remembered how much I wanted a pair of Puma 917 lo pop art. But I have too many sneakers already 
i just remembered i have to go to sunday class tomorrow 
I just remembered I'm working by myself tonight cuz Marlene is at Sea World 
i just remembered it's Transformers opening day in our side of the world! Huhu, too bad can't catch it this week. 
i just remembered my hair is super short now 
I just remembered that I wanted to be a vocalist for Cirque du Soleil. I miss that dream. 
i just remembered that yesterday my grandma said that i should probably see a psychiatrist to help cure my plane-chasing addiction 
i just remembered tonite's the seaoson finale of Supernatural 
I just remembered, when this lady was staring at my shirt i just really wanted to give her a provocative look. I wish i would have. 
i just removed all my lotr posters.  my room is naked. it looks weirrddd....
I just ripped my pants  lame
i just ripped my tights. oh no 
i just ripped one of my favorite shirts 
I just ripped the bottom of my pants  I don't have money to buy new ones either. Poop.
I just rolled over and killed a bird...i feel absolutely horrible...i just killed someones mother! 
im gonna go to bed to now have to get up early 
I'm gonna go try to s l e e p. It feels incredibly impossible though. 
I'm gonna go watch more Criminal Minds now. @smityas Why doesn't Hollywood Video have Criminal Minds?  BEST SHOW EVER.
i'm gonna have 2 finals tomorrow  science and reading.
I'm gonna have to miss the PBP today.  real life can be so inconvienent! #otalia
I'm gonna have to take my computer to the doctor. All my electronics hate me lately.   At least my migraine basically gone!
I'm gonna head off to play a little Sims 3. And I have this outrageous rash all over my legs, what have I done? 
I'm gonna hung myself!!!!  'cause of BAC!
I'm gonna kick my boss' butt for asking to work in substandard environment. Wanna quit, but need $$$.. 
I'm gonna kill my mother! She's gone out so I can't watch the apprentice until she gets back and she isn't recording so I've missed loads 
i'm gonna lay down and count my breaths until i fall asleep....WOOO lol....it's cuddle day today...I NEED SOMEONE TO CUDDLE WITH 
Im Gonna leave TC alone 4 a couple of days 
I'm gonna make a vid with all the bg's i WANTED to put.... stinkin youtube 
I'm gonna miss all of the students in my super class, X-2 bye bye 
I'm gonna miss Cali if I have to move out this summer.  There's a farewell tourney for me...and I know I'm going to cry.
I'm gonna miss dance and my freshman year  http://twitpic.com/6ort7
im gonna miss him  2 short months til its over :'(
I'm gonna miss it now  Plus no more Ant and Dec for...a long time. #bgt
I'm gonna miss Marshall though!  
I'm gonna miss Matt and Sid this weekend.  xxx
im gonna miss mosa and max and kyla and ap music theory 
I'm gonna miss my desk here in the office!  today turned out to be such an emotional day...i feel happy and sad to leave my office desk.
Im gonna miss my husband E! Cant believe Im moving and leaving my daddy 
I'm gonna miss my lil bugger all weekend 
I'm gonna miss my niece cause she's going to cali for 5 days 
im gonna miss my niggas jacob &amp; julius next year  they should go to bernal too!
im gonna miss my parents here,because im gonna be traveling next week,ill have to wait till christmas vacation to see them again here.    
im gonna miss that halo-halo man in my old school.  the ube on top.yum.
I'm gonna miss the Italy match  unless...I find an eating house that will have supersport on tonight
im gonna miss the school, the teachers, and most of all, my friends. but, its the time to go our seperate ways. unfortunately 
im gonna miss the script playing in london TONIGHT!  &lt;/3 (U) :'(
I'm gonna miss them so much  I'm crying right now... :/
im gonna miss this  â™« http://blip.fm/~7jf7s
Im gonna miss u like a child misses their blanket but I gotta get a move on w/my life..its time 2 be a big girl now n big girls dont cry 
I'm gonna need a case of Red Bull and a bottle of No Doz to keep me up 2moro, the t.v. is off and I still can't fall asleep...Dagnabid! 
i'm gonna need a lot of cookies tomorrow to get over the fact that my flat mate is leaving for good...i'm gonna miss her!! 
i'm gonna need boxes and boxes of tissue for tomorrow in 2nd period. 
I'm gonna need coffee so bad... wish we had a Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts in my town. stupid little town doesn't have any coffee shops... 
i'm gonna need google maps to cooperate 
I'm gonna need updates on the g F1 guys, I'm out moving someones furniture 
I'm gonna put some relaxation music on and try to drift off care free. *wish me luck*. I need it 
im gonna read something then i will write  @samfro isnt on 
I'm gonna say it, because I don't wanna lie. I NEED YOU and that's the real true. 
i'm gonna shoot my mom...just called me wants to give my father 2yr old meds..thank goodness i worked @ a pharmacy for 5 yrs..my poor dad 
I just ruined bike party 
I just rung the joint.....nothing 
i just said &quot;gym&quot; in my twitter, and some muscle guy added me. 44 followers, hooray? 
i just saw @justincruzkhon say that its gonna be VOGGY again! NOOOOO im going to miserable all weekend 
i just saw 10 things i hate about u sooo sad i miss heath  
I just saw a 70-year-old version of myself.  He was riding the bus 
i just saw a baby bird die in the middle of the road  i picked it up with my sleeves and moved it to the side. i hope i dont have rabi ...
I just saw a baby bird fall off my neighbor's roof and smash its head off the ground 
i just saw a baby dove fall from a tree, break its neck and die  i tried to save it and couldnt. what a cruel world 
I just saw a boom mic sneak into the shot! I want sonic. 
I just saw a cat get hit by a car  not cool
I just saw a dead dog on the side of the road 
I just saw a dead dog on the side of the road. Broke my heart. 
I just saw a deer get hit by a car. 
I just saw a guy get handcuffed. it was so sad cause all his 6 year old son could do was watch him  i wanna cry for him   
I just saw a man walk past the window eating a magnum ice-cream.. Yesterday one caused me to vomit, never again 
I just saw a man with bigger boobs than me haha man I hate my lifee 
I just saw a McDonalds commercial that told me &quot;You so want [a big mac]&quot;... they're right, I do. 
I just saw a photo of my Uncle Simon, was born on the same date as me and I was born the year he died ..  i couldn meet him..
i just saw a pizza commercial...now i REALLY want pizza 
I just saw a pregnant woman biking down Grand. How incredibly stupid can you be??? One wrong move and those handlebars will end it all. 
i just saw a wee group of neds batter a wee guy  luckily the police turned up.they ran off &amp; police didnt bother chasing em!
I just saw a woman wearing a swimsuit who didnt shave her armpits 
I just saw all my lifenonsense in a blink of an eye lmao ; thanks a lot Manny !  I could have died !!
I just saw an ice cream truck... But I had no cash. 
i just saw Eunice Chung in pastor's condo hallway. she looked skinny and mad.. 
I just saw Grand Torino... it was amazeballs(?)!!!  Except, it made me cry. 
I just saw Land of the Lost &amp; yip it was LOST 
I just saw lightning. straight to the earth.  Seems like thunderstorm. I'm scared of thunderstorm.. 
I just saw next doors dalmation escape their garden and nearly get run over!  be careful lil pup!!!
I just saw one of my friends pass through and ignore me 
I just saw poor Iranians being beaten #IranElection. Viva los Iranians! I wish I could do something to help them 
I just saw some sad videos from Iran 
I just saw someone playing the ghostbusters game at best buy... Someone please buy it for me! 
i just saw something that  really walla walla walla wanna mn 2l5a6er 
I just saw that they found that Tracy girl in a piece of luggage... How fucking terrible 
i just saw THE creepiest Trojan commercial. 
I just saw the cutest little german shepherd puppy at the SPCA. I wish my apt allowed dogs 
I just saw the famous mind-rape episode of Neon Genesis Evangelion. I feel sick 
I just saw the most perfect girl ever...in my dreams. 
I just saw the saddest movie in the world   its called The Boy in the Striped Pajamas
I just saw the spanish short film Aftermath. That's some fucked up 30 minutes!!... now I've lost my appetite 
I just saw the time we've been here for hours. 
I just saw three dead raccoons on the road all within 30 feet of eachother 
I just saw two cows having sex. 
I just saw UP it was Fantastic i totally recommend it i fell in love with it but be careful the begining is REALLY sad 
I just saw your thing jessie! Sorry!  you still need me to check it?
I just scared the bajeebes outta myself just now. I'm listening to the Saw II score and it got all quiet then outta no where !!#@&amp;^. 
I just scared the crap out of myself by thinking about how my glass of water on my desk could save me against the creepy aliens in signs. 
I just screamed 'daffodils!!! Ahhhh!!!' and mom said 'no. They're day lillies.'   spoilsport.
i just seen a fat pug on tv.... 
I just set a wallpaper of Zooey on my desktop.  Every time I minimize Safari, she smiles at me and I melt a little. 
I just set up twitter on my phone. Oh yeah. I just hope it doesnt cost. 
I just shut my finger in the cash drawer 
i just signed up for chemistry, and i paid. there's no turning back now 
I just simply donÂ´'t get it! 
I just skipped work this morning thinking it would be ok since everyone does it except for me... and I just got a phone call from da boss 
I just slept in til 2... Awesome. xD Now off to a Erdbeerfest and then more packing. I would call my daddy, but its too early there. 
I just slept that entire flight, and woke up to the fact that the girl beside me had been watching Chitty Chitty Bang Bang! 
i just slept through zumba!   thats the second time in two weeks I've fallen asleep without meaning to.
I just sliced open my index finger open  dripping blood
i just slipped and almost dislocated my shoulder. *pain* 
I just smashed my finger at work &amp; it won't stop bleeding 
I just smelled this Guess by Marciano Gotta get it!!!! I guess i'm gonna give up the polo double black  til fall that is.
I just sneezed again and my head phones fell out  Lol
I just sneezed and it literally felt like my stitches flew out. Ugh. I need to sleep. 
I just sneezed and shit my pants. 
I just spent 2 hours playing TF2 and I don't think I'm any better at it than when I started.  
I just spent 45 minutes at the book store. I only bought one book. 
I just spent an embarrassing amount of time building and decorating a house in sims 3 and then the game just shut off. Boo! 
I just spent an HOUR making a sims 3 house.. it was amazing. And then I forgot to save properly   At least I took some pictures
i just spent an hour trying to make some labels.  i felt like stephanie pratt.  
I just spent five minutes trying to find where my facebook groups were. 
I just spent like 20 mins redoing all the settings on my iPhone because I needed to reset them to get the GPS to work. Wtf. 
I just spent the last half hour trying to keep hundreds of flies away from my dog. He doesn't deserve to be treated like that, he's 14! 
I just spent the past hour driving around the countryside looking for my dumb ass dogs that managed 2 get loose! P.S. Its about 12:30am 
I just spent waaaay too much money. Seriously. 
I just spilled a big steaming hot pitcher of half and half down my leg. 
I just spilled ice tea in the candy bowl. Now all the delicious goodies I brought back from the Lolly Shop have dissolved into candy soup 
i just spilled the whole cup for soya latte in err...someone's car! got onto my watch&amp;my ring too!!now everything smells coffee! arghhh.. 
I just spilled water ALL OVER me  hahahaha
I just spilt coffee down my shirt 
I just spoke to @Tiffanyandco16 on the phone and I am concerned about her  Feel better soon sweetie!
i just sprayed myself with the hose. and now i wet  *&amp;&amp;X?
i just sprayed some spray paint. now the whole house smells and i have a headache 
I just stabbed myself with a pencil 
I just started a new Twitter account. The old one didn't work out. 
I just started crying out of nowhere   i hate being here more then anything
I just started following a crap ton of people! i wish more were following me i feel so unimportant. 
i just stepped in dog crap and now my foot smells like a dog butt 
I just stepped in dog crap. 
i just stepped on my clip &amp; brokes it 
I just stepped on the kitty's tail and she cried!! I feel so terrible 
I just sticky-tape-murdered an unknown insect 
I just stood on a plug.  Worst ever pain 
I just stood on a snail 
I just stood on one of my CDs 
I just stop here to say good morning! couse I overslept again  I should go to work now!! See you!!!lol *å­?çŒ«ã?®é‡Œè¦ªã?•ã‚“å‹Ÿé›†ä¸­*
I just stuck my finger in my eye and now it's watering   Don't ask me why...
I just studied 4 chapters in a row. So tiring. 
I just talked on the phone with my 3 and 1 year old cousins..theyre so friggin cute. I miss them 
I just talked to my mom ad my dogs are howling in the background. I miss them SO much 
I just talked to my student, who is in the pit for the UCSC opera. He DOES have strep. I feel for not only him, but everyone else there. 
i just told my brother &quot;your voice sounds like mine&quot; and he said &quot;  i dont want to sound girly&quot; LMAO!!
I just took 4 cats to the vets... they're all healthy, but not happy XD  I don't think they'll be talking to me for a while 
I just took a three hour nap because I had a headache, but the headache just followed me 
I just took my last final. School is out until late September. I should be stoked but I am kinda not...  #CSUSB
i just took some nyquil to knock me out, it feels like there is something sharp and pointy trying to claw its way out of my tummy. 
I just took the &quot;what paranormal creature do you symbolize?&quot; quiz and got: alien!  oh great, I wanted fairy, everyone else has fairy 
i just totally bawled at the end of marley and me 
I just tried a shot of Malort and I am not a fan 
I just tried calling everyone american in my phone book and almost no-one answered 
I just tried to make puppy chow and it Turned into poop chow 
I just tried to sleep,this insomnia is getting ridiculous now 
I just tried to trip my cat. But I kicked him  I kno he hurtin cus my foot hurtin. No1 told him 2 be chasin my daughter lol
I just tried to upload a Twitpic and that ish didn't work! 
I just tried to vote for the Teen Choice awards and got DENIED! I didn't realize they were so strict!  sorry @perezhilton and @ddlovato
I just tripped with my own feet  ... ouch!
I just upset myself by looking at the Bonaroo set list.  I wish I could goooo.
I just used conditioner as lotionn ugh! fml.  hahhaa
I just used my calculator to figure out my age cause d convinced me I was still 26. I'm not... 
i just used the word yet twice   i'm dumb
I just used UnTweeps to unfollow 58 Tweeps who haven't tweeted recently. http://untweeps.com. SORRY,LOL 
I just visited 7 different sites and every single one of them had a scientology website.  This saddens me.
i just walked into the wall 
I just walked out of a shoestore without buying anything. And they had really fantastic shoes. 
I just wanna be better already 
i just wanna be happy again 
I just wanna be...I just wanna be...I just wanna be SUCCESSFUL luv this song but Y does dude sound so damn sad! 
I just wanna burst out into tears cuz dis shit hurts rele bad 
I just wanna curl up on the couch with Stinky and Jar...  instead... I'm at effing work... doing absolutely nothing 
I just wanna download simple and clean! load page load 
I just wanna fall back asleep. 
I just wanna find a girl thats right for me 
I just wanna give up tbh :\ Or have a extremely good bit of luck so this all sorts out :\ ... 
I just wanna go home already  camp isn't fun anymore.
I just wanna go home and jump into a nice bubble bath, but im at work instead  where's serenity when you need it??
i just wanna go home instead of skewl 
I just wanna go home... I really really can't due this anymore... they took my music  I wanna go home...
I just wanna sleep!  Not ready to study for tomorrow's quiz!
i just wanna take the time 2 say r.i.p to the passengers on that plane that hit the ocean. this is so sad, remind me of the titanic. omg 
I just wanna watch a movie. 
I just want  to Sleep. 
I just want a drink  wish I could drink.
I just want a fixed car 
I just want a guy that'll treat me nice.  where are all those guys?
I just want a hug...  
I just want chipotle and my bed  I am never leaving my house again
I just want go to the bed and NEVER MORE weak up 
i just want it to be over already  ...and i wish there was a bottlo on campus...
I just want my friends to come home 
I just want Nate Flynn's cock in my mouth (8) Tidying the bedroom, i'm so not le stoked 
I just want one good thing to happen to me. And it be real 
i just want people to read my other post so that way i get more follows im hype, but if i actually get into my bed i will sleep, no good 
I just want some Spicy Nacho Doritos.  Watch the 7-11 don't got em.
I just want somebody to love, and who loves me. I think and day-dream about about that CONSTANTLY. 
i just want someone to come home to 
I just want subway. 
I just want the pictures printed 
I just want things to be back together already. I'm just...sad. My family is falling apart and I'm loosing the people closest to me. 
i just want this night to be over with   only 3.5 more hours of work though.
I just want to be at home in bed, but that won't be possible for another few hours. 
I just want to be held..  Someone please just hold me, pet my head/cock and love me. Even douchebags need tenderness people.
I just want to be home already 
I just want to be home so I can see Year One. 
i just want to be, the happy girl that i used to be about two years ago. 
i just want to chill at home but i have to work all day 
I just want to curl up in my covers and go to sleep.  class is out..now off to intern at court!
I just want to get better already.. 
I just want to get some dang sleep.... @regiscannon won't wAke up when I call 
i just want to go awayyyy 
I just want to go back to Philly and have real friends again 
I just want to go home! 
i just want to go home!!! is that so much to ask??? 
I just want to go hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooome  It's a FRIDAY!!! (still at work. BLAH!) #fb
I just want to go to bed...ughh but i gotta wash all this makeup and hair product off  soooo sleeeepyyyy
I just want to go toe bed 
I just want to have a friend. Someone who knows me and my feelings. Someone who knows that I want to have a baby...someone who just love 
I just want to live in the present  
i just want to love ur heart, not ur body or even ur pussy. am I wrong?  http://plurk.com/p/rdpwv
I just want to make things all right and chase  away all the bad shit 
I just want to see my commercial  !!!!
I just want to sleep. 
I just want to sleep. but I have to go babysit. 
i just want to stay at home 
I just want to stay. Stay, you hear? (I got burned. The grill is evil.) Ow 
I just want to take a shower but I can't do that yet.  Damn perm!
I just want to wake up and realize that this is a nightmare 
I just want to watch my Naruto Shippuuden missed episodes. 
i just want, you smile to me again 
I just wanted to change my picture! 
I just wanted to say...some people really freaking SUCK! Apparently not even &quot;friends&quot; are above stabbing u in the back.  so depressing.
I just wanted to update my iPhone to OS 3 already  haha http://tinyurl.com/muperk
i just washed my car and of course it rained 
i just washed my car! why did it have to rain??? 
i just wasnt feeling too &quot;twittery&quot; today so that why you didnt hear from me. sorry 
I just wasted half a burger and fries from in n out. That now is being devoured by Hermon. 
i just watched 10 episodes of House in one day. thats like 10 hours. oh wait i have mid terms on monday..yay 
I just watched a lightning bug die 
I just watched a woman lose her husband on TV. Wonderful... That makes me feel a whole lot better... 
I just watched click and cried  ugh. Im so mad at that Fuhface.  ugh
I just watched gucci mane punch this girl n the face on youtube.  i dont like him n e more 
I just watched into the wild, nearly cried 
I just watched John Locke get pushed out a window 
I just watched milk and omg! What a message I cried  I don't understand why people wanna hate and segregate I say we love and accept!
I just watched my baby boy get circumsized.  
I just watched one of the saddest Japanese movie ever  eh i cry so easy
I just watched 'Prom Night' and enjoyed it better the second time! Tomorrow = up early for work   oh well the Asians need their lessons!
i just watched the jon &amp; kate episode from last night and i want to cry 
I just watched the last episode of Pushing Daisies with Tracy 
i just watched the scariest movie  i need my soldier im so freaked out!! 
i just watched titanic &amp; now im crying  but some@jonasbrothers should make me feel better cause they're amazing&lt;3
I just went outside to feed the dogs &amp; none of them were in the pin! Brodie came back but I don't know where the others are 
I just went to google something then forgot what it was I was going to google 
I just went to make cupcakes, only to realise I have no butter  SIGH!
I just went to the gym and it hurts 
I just went to YouTube to watch yesterday's #CraigFerguson... and then I realised it was Monday.  *watches http://bit.ly/b0EOv again*
i just wish I could go back in time an do things different I miss high school an who I use to be.. 
I just wish Matt were here with me 
I just wish my new iPod would hurry up and get here 
i just wish this night was over.  and i still have 1 more.  
I just woke myself up with a cough attack 
I just woke up  I hate when I have to cut a dream short but I do need to go to work..
i just woke up  listening to phil collins
i just woke up and all the lights were still on, and my house is 65 degrees 
I just woke up and can't go back to sleep, this totally sucks, my day to finally sleep in and I'm wide frakin awake!  
i just woke up and half the party people are already back drinking again.... im so old 
I just woke up and I feel crappy 
I just woke up and I feel soooo tired 
i just woke up from a nap. and i feel like shit for spending over $20 today. 
I just woke up from a really strange dream and now I have a headache. FML!1 
I just woke up from a very long night  I'm so tired 
i just woke up im so tired i dont want to work i want to go back to puerto rico 
I just woke up to some lovely sun and a cup of tea my iPod won't hold my headphones  and I'm on twitter....ADDICT!!
I just woke up with a sore throat and little to no voice. Awesomeeee. 
I just woke up! I wanna stay home today! 
I JUST WOKE UP! I'M RUNNING LATE!!!! 
I just woke up, thanks to my friend screaming in my house..been in bed w a freakin headache. 
i just woke up, thought i had slept through my alarms and it was 6:30 pm. i almost started crying thinking i had lost my job. #notadream 
I just woke up.  neck and back still screaming.
I just woke up. And found blood on my face. Neck. And arms. . . Not a very fun wake up. . . Yes. It was a nose bleed. . . 
I just woke up. Guess i need to do some housework before work!   ...im starved tho...is it wrong to eat chinese for breakfast?
I just woke up. I thought sleeping that much would help. I feel worse 
I just woke up. My teeth really hurt from my rubber bands 
I just woke up.. I want to cut my bangs today! And I still need to drive around but my dad is shleeping. I'm getting a cough 
i just woke up... feeling not good. i want to go back to bed until everything is better. 
I just woke up... Sleep over...WHY 
I just woke upss. Getting readyy then school &amp; I gotta make up two tests today ? 
I just wokeup with a bloody nose 
I just won the scavanger hunt! But i cant get the prize because im too old 
I just worked out and am now drinking some coffee.  I have to work today.  
I just wrote a whoLe social studies essay on why we should save the rainforest 
I keep  droping my phone 
I keep being feed milk-shakes the thickness of porridge 
i keep bitting my lip  its bleeding
I keep blinking....and its getting harder to open my eyes back up...... Cross eyed?  FckinTired!
i keep breaking my nails 
I keep checking my phone for msgs, then remembering it's not on silent any more  #NigelNoFriends
I keep cramping up 
I keep dancing in my computer chair and scaring my guinea pig. Poor little guy. He just doesn't appreciate Numa-Numa style dancing. 
i keep doing it ..but i'm really trying not to! 
i keep failing @ the lighter opening beer trick 
I keep farting in my Guess dress. 
I keep feeling exhausted and i don't even know why.I think its time to visit my doctor to fix me 
I keep feeling reminded to stay in my lane and remember my role  blahhhh eff this!
i keep feeling sick, then better, then fit as hell, then sick again.. Goddam flu's 
i keep finding bugs in my room 
I keep forgetting to get new nosepins!  I better remember tomorrow morning. Packing SUCKS!
I keep getting a load error when I start QuickFreedom 
I keep getting on to Twitter @ 3am and then realize that no one else is posting. boo  guess i will get back to my homework!
I keep having dreams which make me really sad when I have to wake up 
I keep hearing about these green avatars, but I do not see them.  I'd say I was green with envy, BUT I'M NOT! I'M NORMAL WITH IT!
I keep hearing updates with webcomics and it makes me sad that I won't be able to see them in a while. Internet still not installed 
I keep leaving my ipod at home  ahh monday is scary
i keep looking at those Dominos pasta pastry bowl things thinking that they would be delicious, but KNOWING that they'd be utter shit 
I keep missing Mike's phone calls!!!   
I keep movinq in the bed and i wanna say OUCH! every damn Time 
I keep on falling asleep when I'm suppose to be awake. I miss my babyy.. 
I keep putting off an assignment i have to do. Alright i'm not making up any more excuses, just gonna do it 
I keep putting things out of the way, thinking &quot;Onyx will eat this&quot; or &quot;Java will sit on this.&quot; Then I remember they are 1300 miles away. 
I keep quoting PatD and no one gets it... 
I keep reaching for the remote so I can FF, but I can't 
I keep reading actor's updates and I become sadder and sadder because I'm never gonna be a part of that fabulous world. 
I keep reading the forums for breast augmentation and I seem to be the only 18 year old on there...wtf? I don't like this 
I keep refreshing the page and nothing new is coming up 
i keep rehashing today.. not good. so not every good...  
I keep re-loading my picture and every time the same idiot X comes up.  its been like this alll day!!! 
I keep ringing the bell, but no-one's coming 
I keep seeing lightning every few seconds but there's no thunder or rain. 
i keep seeing moose crossing signs but no moose   I WANNA SEE A MOOSE!
I keep seeing red mustangs everywhere 
i keep seeing the away we go commercial.... i really want to see it. 
I keep sending follow requests @JennaJF but no reply 
I keep staying up too late even though I'm exhausted. Stressed out.  
i keep thinking its friday - cuz dad works today.  http://tumblr.com/x1d23nbiy
I keep trying to tell myself that the heartache will dissipate soon, but I am struggling  Laying down for a restorative nap...
I keep waking up every time I fall asleep 
i kept forgetting my pw  IM HUNGRY! &amp; should really b getting my nails done..or tanning ... womp womp
i kept having dreams with Cujo in them. felt so real to. and i woke up, and it felt like he was laying beside me. but he wasnt 
I kept waking up in my dream and it kept on repeating itself! It was horrifying 
I kicked up a rock with the weedeater last night and shattered the sliding glass door. That's going to be expensive  #fb
I kill moments 
I killed a fly and now i feel really bad 
I killed a rabbit on accident...I feel bad, real bad! 
I killed Fall Out Boy. They all died of sadness. Patrick and some gangsta rappers also killed Panic at the Disco before he died 
I killed my thumb today  it hurts so bad
I killed our computer  dammit. No Internet! At least we got our sidekicks! I'm such a jinx. Maybe that's why she loves me.. Lol. New c ...
I kind of feel like I need to boycott &quot;24&quot; now. 
I kind of feel sorry for Patti Blagojevich. They have no income coming in. Sad 
I kind of fell up the stairs, and now I have a huge purple lump on my leg.  
I kind of just want to sit here for the rest of the hour. 
I kind of miss a certain someone already.  and, i never get to see him again.
I kind of suck at recording to a click.. ugh... totally unproductive hour of recording 
I kind of totally hate everything.  
i kind of want my dad to get of my casse rigt now   he wont let me shave to a goatee because then i wouldnt be a true jew :/
I kind of want some cheesecake right now 
I kind of wish we had done some super posed, artsy fartsy, planned wedding photos...  I wonder if I'll regret it later on.
I kinda feel bad because I am torrenting SSSC's cd, but no stores in town carry it.    I will spend money on it soon...
I kinda feel bad for making so many jokes about it, but it was funny! thats what i do, he prolly think im not a real fan now 
I kinda feel like crying a little bit and i'm not too sure why 
I kinda feel like I'm goin to be sick. its only 2am. this sucks 
I kinda feel like throwing up 
I kinda like the new keri hilson song. Wow im watchin 106 and park. Man this would be so much with AJ and Free  back to my old school &lt;/3
i kinda miss him  especially when i hear dmb  which is a lot. oh boy oh boy or should i say oh boys oh boys
I kinda miss my mommy 
I KINDA MISS SOME OF THE SENOIRS THAT LEFT CAUSE SOME WERE CUTE 
I kinda miss wearing Anthony's 69 football jersey before games... 
i kinda need you right now mom 
I kinda still feel like shit... even though this should be fixed. 
I kinda want to go see @DougBenson in Atlanta.. but I'm busy this weekend.  Oh well. I can do without.
I kinda wis i was going to BFD 
i kinda wish i could be at my bros graduation right now as well... aaaaaanyways... 
I kinda wish I could go to an A's game now. 
i kinda wish i could take tuesday off of work to see MSTRKRFT on the david letterman. but i'm already taking wednesday off. 
I kinda wish i had charlie's power right now cos then id have no problem remembering all this driver stuff 
I kinda wish I was you  @jessimtv
i kip yawning from juz now..sian uh.. 
I kissed a girl and I liked it....but my wife was not too impressed 
I kive having drunk taljs with my bst friend jordahn whwb im rrunk and sad 
I knew I should have only come to stockland with $100. gahh! broke again 
I knew I should have parked closer to the exam room... it's raining! 
I knew I should have used my full name for twitter before it got popular. Now there is some dude sitting on it with zero updates! 
I knew it ! Its sunny and Im working !! 
i knew it was bad.  i was afraid to look.   http://bit.ly/10ABAz  accident on Gunbarrel, motorcyclist in critical condition.  
i knew it was coming, but pretty bummed J and K have filed for divorce 
I knew it, he decided not to come.  Why is it we can go and see him, but he come and see us?
I knew it, ItÂ´s raining again!! NO 
I knew something bad is gonna happen and now my life is going down the hill 
I knew something was going to happen like this... I had a dream about her the other night...  &lt;BlackRoseDying~&gt;
I knew that chat last night would jinx something 
I knew that someday my resistance to studying for tests would catch up to me. I hope I've learned my lesson. LEED AP exam...fail. 
I knew the cat puke wouldn't lie, day just went from bad to worse, sis was just admitted into hospital 
I knew the old skool joint of the day and couldn't get through 
I knew the sun wouldn't last 
I knew this was stupid before real testing. But from remote office I put host in standby mode. Now waiting for it to wake up 
I knew this would happen 
I knew today was going to suck; and believe me it sucks big time and still getting worse.  
i kno it sounds mean but i really want HIM 2 disappear, i cnt stand it anymore, so much misunderstandin . Jesus help me 
I kno. Imma sleep now. I feel sick 
i knooo, the two girls i like are the two girls who have to pick between two guyz and not one of them is me 
I knoooo  @Char_216 but its hard to eat right around fam &amp; friends...Im gonna pay 4 it n the morn! 3 miles!!! &amp; 1/2 hour of jump rope!!
I know  and I can't figure out what it was
I know  I have no clean clothes either. And the washer's in the kitchen  Damn you #kitchenfire
I know  just can't believe it  I mean, I knew it but its just not the same
I know  when alyssuh goes up stand up!!!
I know @lauramei , it was very sad watching it get towed away 
I know 1 way to make this place perfect. But I'm thinking my mAzda will grow wings and fly before that dream comes true 
I know after this lunch I am not gonna wanna go back to work 
i know crying sounds like giving up. but sometimes, its just being strong. (ya i do miss her)   everything has gone wrong. 
I know d bad news is comming so I'm just waiting  that's all ill do ill won't try to prevent nothing
I know exactly how it feels too, my cat was 18 when she was put to sleep,she had cancer,knew it was a kindness,still heartbreaking tho 
I know guys like things that jiggle on a female but not when its everything on the female. 
I know he isn't trying to be difficult, but it still just sucks  really really bad 
i know he was not a samurai tho'  but it sounds cool.
i know how i want my hair cut! but unfortunately i cant find a picture of it... 
I know I am privileged and don't work as much as I should. Unfortunately, my current job doesn't need me any more tonight 
I know I am the worst designer! Trying to adjust color combinations of a simple graphic in photoshop from last 2 hrs but all fail! 
I know I can still go, and I will, but tomorrow is a Monday AND June 1. It was awesome for the mild OCD I have. I'm just a little annoyed 
I know I don't know what happened 
i know i have lots of comments to return but i have been really busy  i'll get round to it guys, sorry 
I know I just came home, but I'm a little sad because my WDW annual pass expires today 
I know I just totally bombed my typing test. 
i know i keep talking it..but i just cant handle the fact that we saw our last show  i'm sad!! and what if they dont come to florida.. ...
I know I missed everything  #gno
I know i said i was going to bed.  I'm so bad at sleeping.  
I know I said I would do that 'no alarm' sleep in....but I forgot to turn my alarm off and now I'm wide awake 
i know i said i'd get a haircut but i can't do it  i know i'd regret it...
i know i should be happy about the five that did get in but the one that didn't was one of my favourites of the collection 
I know I should go running, do some sit ups and what not... but I couldn't sleep last night and I can't seem to drag myself out of bed. 
i know i shouldn't, but i do feel so sad   http://bit.ly/jkRO4
I know I should've exercised this morning, but it seems there's a lot of excuses to not doing it  http://myloc.me/4dtP
i know i told him i didnt want him to stay home with me but i lied, i really did want him to stay home with me 
I know I want to,but I know I can't... 
I know I was bitching about the heat, but now it's cold. 
i know i was gunna say u should just call today bc im rly sick n im gunna b home all days 
i know i worry too much over friends but i just want to be there to hug them and i cant 
I know I'm a need, but listenin to stu trying to explain Galvatron to senan is just making my head hurt 
I know I'm criminally a girly girl when I'm crushed over losing my lip gloss 
i know i'm late when it comes to everything on tv but, PUSHING DAISIES is the sweetest show I've EVER seen! [ and already canceled  ]
I know I'm old.  All the songs from the 80's are being used in commercials.. 
I know it was a cliche in the 90's to say..but..MEAN PEOPLE SUCK...&amp; by &quot;suck&quot; I don't mean in a good way 
i know it's all my fault 
I know it's been a year but can someone just tell me where my ipod is?  I'm still not over losing it! 
i know its for publicity. i know it, i know it, i know it. 
i know it's hard...watching the person you love the most love someone else. 
I know it's her bday, but mum made emma lunch but forgot me! Am relyin on own funds for food 
I know its hot outside but damn, they gotta have the unit on deep freezer? I can't feel my legs 
i know its impossible.. but.. i'm so confused 
I know it's pathetic .. but I am wallowing in a pool of my own self pity 
I know its ridiculous, but I'm genuinely sad Kate and Jon Gosselin are divorcing 
I know it's tuesday, but it feels like monday... 
I know life is filled with disappointments, but i think i've had my fair share... i'm honestly very sick of being disappointed  
i know lol i wanna win one to  #squarespace #trackle
I know me too 
I know my life has been flipped upside down when I just thought in my head that some Ramen sounds good. 
i know my picture's gay at the minute. but i cant change it. cos twitter hates me.  :L
I know MySpace has a bad rep, but Facebook just CRASHED FIREFOX. It is irritating me to no end. I just want to upload pictures. 
I know nigel would help me out rite now. 
i know no ones watching the hills, but i dont care, cause i have alot to say: HOLLY IS STUPID. spencer = okay. LC I &lt;3YOU. steph  BRODY&lt;3
I know nobody gives a FUCK but... My Name is Earl wurde nach der 4. Staffel gecancelled 
i know now lolz, its like people dying and things like that  but i have to write it for my assessment
I know research says dark chocolate is good for you. Yeah, well, IF YOU CAN CONTROL THE AMOUNT YOU EAT!  Had to cut it out of my diet.  
I know right! I may have to get another one! Hope fully sean can fix it!   
I know right? My husband wont text me back 
I know Spider won, owned the entire fight and its impressive that he almost wasnt hit... but it was a  boring fight 
i know that ill fall asleep on this train  liverpool woooo
I know that it's old news now, but sad Katie price and Peter andre split 
I know that last tweet had a hint of sarcasm, but I was completely serious. I have a chapstick addiction and thats my favorite kind 
i know the eldest is expecting a lot for his bday celeb tomorrow...  http://plurk.com/p/1203hb
I know these clothes are supposed to protect but it is far too hot for them  need a colder job
I know they discontinued it... But yo my digi-002 just went up in the middle of a session    BLown!!!
I know this is sad to say and im gutted, but i lost the human 
I know this sounds crazy, but the weekend came too soon 
I know this will surprise nobody but my phone number is officially in limbo. 3 phones...none will accept my number  lol f.u.alltel
i know we need haters but the M*therfuck@s around me are taking shit to far  
i know we need the rain but we can pretty much do without the thunder and lightning. i want to sleep! 
I know we were are past the point we were supposed to turn it off.  but it's like a trainwreck, can't turn it off. WAHHH
I know what I need to do, but I dont know how to  this really sux......
I know what needs to be said and done... I just dont know if I really want to  Uggghh! It shouldnt be this complicated!
i know what you mean! 
I know where Donnogle is!! If only I could get there first... but alas I am in New Plymouth!! 
i know where my phone is now but im still drunk and have to work in an hour 
i know who i want to talk to @docodoctor but i have not got to 
I know why I started feeling sick---I'm broken 
I know why my skin was freaking out yesterday. I got sunburn and my nose was peeling 
I know why the caged bird sings 
I know you are probably in bed my this point  I see all the haikus (es)? LOL You are so creative. I'm impressed. Really. I am. Honest! 
I know you've gotten alot of p, even more then guys. Im right there wit ya sweetheart. I miss bein wit a women, its been about two years 
I know!  gotta get some food then get to work!
I know! Its so lame jon. 
I know! Its such a nice day! And I have nothing fun to do but lots of unfun things to do....  
I know! Miss u 2 
i know!! @ian_cummings Madden is almost over with too 
I know, I mumbled  Sorry guys!
I know, I must slap her later. Also, my cell phone got disconnected  @goldenafternoon
i know, im  criminal, call PETA, my sis an I r know for stoping traffic &amp; save all kinds of creatures before 
i know, that i wasn't the BEST GIRL, but PLEASE,it's one favor (?. PLEASE. 
I know.  i wanna get out of here.
i know. Fuck 2009 and it's changes. It was changes for the worst. Ugh. 
I know. I just realized.  oops
I know.. But you should have slept 
I know... I woke up late. 
I know... That was a sad sad episode. 
i know... what do i do 
i knows @Mirahtrunks . they dont have many vegetarian options though 
I knoww!!! I want to so badly, but I know that I need to keep it in da house 
I laid Alyss down and she kept rolling over. I was like, &quot;What are you doing baby?&quot; then she threw up.  poor thing! I'm holding her now.
I laid awake last night, contemplative in the cool, tranquil night air of the desert. Now vacation is over and it's back to real life. 
I lashed out today 
i learn Historie 
I learned about Evite only now 
I learned Pet Shop Rule #1 (Don't get attached.) the hard way. 
I learned the word &quot;ghetto&quot; from one of Anita Desai's novel, I can't remember which one tho, my memory is failing me 
i leave AD tomorrow night. fark. 
I leave for holiday in about 10 hours. I've done nothing today and am no-where near ready 
I LEAVE FOR MY CRUISE TMRW 
I leave in an hour 
I leave in an hour and i KNOW i'm gonna hit traffic 
I leave in less than 2 hours and I am still not ready and I am not feeling so good. 
i leave in one week! excited but im gunna miss everyone sooo much! 
I leave Saturday.  
i left a note with my name a number and all my plans prayed he would love me back but he cant be here! i miss mitch 
I left a party wit baaaaaaaad model bitches now its hood bitches wit gunshot wounds n gold  somebody save me lol
i left dorian gray in honolulu.........   so sad, it was getting so good
I left my Alex at the bakery 
I left my bagel unattended because I had to see to my dad's tantrum of the hour, and my cats started eating the cream cheese. 
I left my cell charger at home  gonna have to turn it off when we get there
I left my headphones at home  I'm abt to run and go get them lmao
I left my headphones at home. Now I've to put up with the sound of skittering American bulldogs all day. 
I left my heart @holdenbeach  Hoping to go back for a couple of days around the fourth (via @AnNa_HaLe)
I left my heart in Curitiba... 
i left my house real late last night to buy cookies for a party next period and I completely forgot to bring them today 
I left my iphone charger in the restaurant... 
I left my ipod at home 
I left my ipod in the car so now its all warm. 
I left my iPod on my ohon on all night n now my battery is dyyying.  Car charger... 
I left my laptop charger in the office.  It's okay, sleeping very early tonight! 
I left my lucky charm at my workplace. 
i left my mac at my place of work. i bet it's lonely 
I left my MacBookPro in Conway  what joy it brings to be working with PC's all weekend
I left my nessie at the vet, I miss her already 
I left my PayPal card at McDonald's yesterday. I'm a moron. 
i left my phone in ambers car in a sleepy daze early this morning. i regress. 
I LEFT MY PHONE IN MY CAR 
I left my phone in the car 
I left my primary water bottle at a friends house over the weekend. My back up is a much wider mouth and I keep spilling water on myself 
I left my wallet at home 
i left school, but ill scream on monday when i figure out tat i wont c my harmony friends. no more locker blockers eithr 
I left those leggings that I bought in the hotel in France 
I left work with every intention of cooking a nice experimental dinner. The busride and Giant left me too weary for anything but Quakes 
I LEGIT GOT TEARY EYED BECAUSE IAN IS NOT IN THE CAB ANYMORE 
I legitly feel sad! Not going to see 09 at school... :/ why did it end so soon? 
I let an old lady take my seat on the train coz i thought it was the right thing to do, now my feet hurt standing  Ouchie!
I let my nerves and doubts get in the way of everything 
i let p.c. down  im sorry...... I messed up big time. :/
I let someone borrow my Nintendo DS and it and all my games were stolen. 
I lied before... they did beat us... 25-22 
I lied it just got sad. 
I lied, I can't sleep 
i lied. 
I lied. 9 movies. 3 hard times. Sorry... I hard charged 
I lied. okay I'm going to end up hitting this kid here. I miss you 
I lied... no food. 
I like being reminded of how lame I am. Keeps me humble. Is it too early to start drinking? I'm asking for this sadface ---&gt; 
I like books, as it's made of paper and ink, but space problems in my room make me crave for Amazon Kindle. 
i like broke my backkk  haha. whatever one week of school than summmer 
I like childhood games, but my parents doesn't, so we can't play tgt as a family 
I like Ed, why is he leaving...   #bachelorette
I like English but I don't speak! 
I like for the #USMNT to experiment a little, but they can't play around today. Just time to get back to business tonight. No Bradley 
I like helping ppl with their problems but she is just getting annoying 
i like her.. but shes gone now, stupid graduation 
i like how @sheldoncooper 's momma calls him shelly. it's real cute and i'm fucking tired. holy shit..... i want a luminous fish  if only
I like it here in Chemas. Mum said we might have our family reunion here. Yay! The only problem here is the food. It ain't that yummy 
i like it how i am now broke after splurging on my mother, and can't even afford to get my hair done  oh how being selfless is hard
I like Kit-Kat bars and Doritos... I just had a kit-kat bar but I don't have doritos  plz buy me doritos (cool ranch/american... thnx)
I like my bed and i dont want to leave it  stupid mothers day
I like my birthdays like my Christmases: lonely. 
I like my new phone. Other than it being silver.  i got my purse today!
I LIKE NEARLY FAILED MY EXAMS ohhhh thats sad!  buh i didnt so its alritee hehe 
I like our democracy !!!! .....the change in government is soo  smooth in India.... Look at Iran ... ppl dont accept their own verdict 
I like pasta  but i'm not getting a cup of tea made by mum 
I like projects? Just not that many projects at one time  I get paid to do projects.
I like rain, but not this type  pretty scary driving in it today.
I like t9 now. well, it's not that i like it, it's just that it's addicting and i'm incapable of regular texting now.  Hahaha
I like tags until I tagged one with #BigBrother today.  It seems everyone is talking about the show, not the original meaning  #blogchat
i like texting people in the morning because work is slow. No one answers back though. 
I LIKE THE BALANCE WE HAVE AS IS I'LL BE HONEST. 
i like the place. wish they'll hire me. 
I like the sun  but I don't like the impending doom of having to find space in my room for all my uni stuff 
I like the way I look in a suit!  too bad I only get to wear it on a bad occassion. 
I like the way the bank I've had two mortgages with now thinks I'm an inexperienced first time home buyer. Well, not really. 
I like this car!  The Ford Mondeo ecoNetic, I think it is only sold in Europe though  http://bit.ly/Qoz6L
I like this song... im locked out of my Twitter.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7fvf9
i like transformers. i wish i had a bumblebee  BUMBLEBEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!... nope, didn't work  btw thinking it's racist, is well, racist.
I like tweetelater's group feature, but it is pretty slow 
I like twitter best. I need a twin port motor for the kombi  looks like I'll be reversing the order of my to do list
I like women even less now. I hate it when I'm right and I still feel like the asshole 
i liked kutner  #house
I liked Microsoft more, but Sony impressed me quite a bit. Nintendo was 3rd yet again  How the mighty have fallen
i liked the fray   makes me sad you did not like them  *tear*
I liked the Speed Racer movie... do I need help? 
I limp-raise with AA, get reraised to put me all in preflop. V has QQ, a Q on the flop. I'm out 
I listened to the radio 4 a whole hour and a half and they didn't have the competition!!!! So i'm not goin 2 P!nk. 
i lit when my friends bail on me 
I literally almost just cut the end of my finger off cutting up a lime for my gin &amp; tonic. Not cute  It hurts to type
i literally havent seen my dad ALL day  he left to go to work before i got up and still isn't back!! YAYY... breakfast for dinner my fav!!
I litterally kissed my pillow goodbye this morning I was so sad to get up 
i ll try to get some sleep. i'm so nervous, so tired, so devasted,  want to cry and cry n i want to dissappear of the worl 
I loaded TweetDeck today, after @Djalfy was kind enuf to explain but I think its too much for my old computer! Things are crashing! EEK! 
i loathe bus rides! ugh im so0o freakin hungry !! 
I loathe filing my nails down 
I loathe Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings and anything else of that nature...
I locked my keys in my car again 
I lol'ed at the &quot;Steve Jobs had liver&quot; topic. Then I read that he had a liver transplant, and made a frowny face.  Get Better Steve!!!!!
I look bunk for work today! Argh 
i look fat in my new twitter photo. 
i look forward to the #CrossTownClassic every summer!  grrr EFF you rain!  wonder if we'll get any of the games in this week...
i look forward to winning an iphone from #squarespace so I can get ride of my tracfone with no txt 
i look into your eyes, i want to get to know ya. Sigh work 
I look like a catfish in my new avatar! Lol. I'd change it but I won't have internet @ my new place until Thurs!  
i look like a drowned rat. the bus driver laughed at me 
i look like a little boy with short hair and no facial hair 
I look like a lobster. Dear God, please don't let me get skin cancer.. ah 
I look like an ugly girl scout. 
i look like crap right now  im very fucking moody to  *Shooting Star*
I look right and you stare back... I'm finding refuge in your eyes, so why do you come by if you're leaving? 
i look so scary right now!!! 
I looked at lil miss big head, she looked at me, both with our sad eyes like noooo don't leave us 
I looked into a great martial arts school near my house &amp; they're too damn expensive! How do people afford this!? Poor M. He wants to go. 
i looked outside and guess what i see...rain  its storming
i looking at failure 
I looking for Triplets of Belleville Poster's DVD. but I can't find it 
i lookk so gothic today haaha. and i hate work 
i loook so bad in a lot of pictures that people took! 
i looooove souljaboy tellem's son kiss me thru the phone aww it so awesoooome why cant he follow me  love you soulja ;D
I Loooove Amandine (l) Ma chÃ¨re mÃ¨re :p WANT A STARBUCK 
I looove brunettes, but I've never photographed one but me  Going to search for one when my exams are over.
i looove marshmallows~~ but i'm crying bcos of a boy. 
I looove the picture I just put up. I miss my long hair   Please grow back soon..
I loose it 
i loove the beach but i hate sharing this room. 
I lose  But it's okay, heehee!
I lose one of the best friend i ever had   ,i still love her .. idk what are her fellings right now about me :/
i lost  how touse the site  ? 
I lost $50 at online poker  I am going to bed. Sweet dreams.
i lost 2 followers 
