i srsly gotta go to the chairopractor. my back is bad, but the rest of body is even worse. i sound like a rice crispy when i get outa bed 
I start again to look for a new LOVE. I need it so much. 
I start driving school tonight, so I'm not getting home till 11p.m. 
I start my new job tomorrow.  I don't want this day of laying around naked &amp; doing nothing to end.  
I start school starts in a week!!  aayyy Margarita, please be gentle.
I start summer school soon! 
I started getting a sore throat tonight out of the blue and Im starting to get that - not feeling good effect 
I started playing Sims 3 but realised you cant sell your children to slavery or the sex trade. Another game that doesn't reflect my life 
I started that last year, but only blue birds came. I saw a yellow baby (dead   ) but never saw the mamma
I started the day off being rear-ended on my way to work (I'm not hurt nor my car) and then a knitting needle poked through my new purse 
I started this week on a mission.  Good grief, it didn't seem that stinking hard.  Make a plan, follow it.  Not as easy as it sounds.  
i started to argue with a substitute today in class.....shit it was priceless oh by the way...she gave me detention..blah 
i started writing recipes into a notebook, now i've gotten lazy and i have 1 and a half recipes written in...it looks silly 
i stayed home this morning cos i am feeling fough with this cold 
I stayed n the bed too long this morning (1130) and now I can't sleep. My latenight scrabble counterpart @ericamadina  did the opposite 
I stayed up all night to watch my son on So You Think You Can Dance and they didnt get to our city! 
I stayed up all nite, slept over in my bestfriend's place.Her fiance broke up with her, They've been together for 8 years..ciiaaaaan 
I steam cleaned my car's floor mats today!...didn't make a difference though.  Stains will never be gone.
I stepped in my fourth grade class room today, memories 
I stepped on a bee and got stung in my foot  That's what I get for never wearing shoes
I still ache from D OF E 
I still aint got in the chair yet. Prolly go miss one tree hill at 9 too 
I still bet on one thing. Indian Railway is awesome. Look at the way they run. Only problem, there is charging point near my seat. 
i still can't accept the cavs lost. 
I still can't believe Spain lost. I'm all gloomy again 
i still cant believe the @JonasBrothers did a cover of thinking of you, its so good, but the violin ruins it 
i still can't believe you left my life before i got kiss your lips 
I still cant find my cam cable!!! 
i still can't find my ipod! its been 3 days! this never happens! 
I still can't find my keys. 
I still can't follow this!? 
I still can't get over it! 
i still cant get over you. but you did 
i still can't get over your last call.. it was so raw..  i really feel for you sweetie..
I still can't get through to vote on BGT! 
I still can't move from grubbin today whoa! 
I still can't sleep 05:17:37 AM 
I still cant stop listening to Adam Lambert, Mad World!!  he should of won 
i still cant understand linked in. what sthe point of it again? just got bakc from shoot. bloody exhausted. i need a hug 
I still can't upload a pic 
I still don't feel good 
I still dont get this twitter business...i need more followers 
i still dont get why he wont talk to me. we were cool just a week ago?  blah, this week has started out sucky!
I STILL DONT HAVE A PIC!!!! RYAN 
I still dont know how to get my picture small enough 
I still don't know how to post a picture! 
I still don't know if I want to take up driving lessons  HOW HOW
I still don't know what to wearr.. 
I still dont understand this whole tweet thingy but i'm working on it. i want more twitter friends. 
i still dont understand twitter!! 
i still dont understand... i love him soooo much.. 
I still don't what I should do in here 
i still feel bad for dogging leanne @ the hsm3 movieee! 
I still feel even with my heart on the floor. I dont want to keep on going  fml
I still feel horrible about what I had to do yesterday 
I still feel like crap. 
I still feel sick  what a time to get sick.
I still feel toss, though I was better yesterday but actually realised im not when I woke up at 5am feeling sick 
I still have 3 hrs and 19 minutes in here 
I still have a headache. 
I still have a headache. Hopefully today is a good day. Econ final then i'm done. Got soap in my eye washing my face tho 
I still have gum on my butt 
I still have major belly itch. Bummer. Dagger is getting a haircut tomorrow. It's cold in my apartyment. My toilet won't stop running 
I still have man flu and am still dying. Women just don't understand! Wife and kids been laughing at my illness. 
I still have my Spanish project to do  and a certain someone is being a douche baggggg.
I still have NO cable lololol  maybe every1 n twitter should take up a missionary fund 4 me lololololol
I still have not finished Cat's Cradle 
i still have not seen the hangover   hopefully i can catch it tomorrow morning before work. as for now, im off to work. woe is me.
I still have that frustrated anxious feeling today. 
I still have to paste my flat tire, but it's still raining and I don't have a garage 
I still have to take quite a few finals though 
I still have to wake up early for work 
i still have yet to watch the hangover. 
i still havent completely packed for the retreat :/ oh well.. i will later tonight, i guess. 3 days w/o my phone starting tomorrow 
I still haven't done my goal.  I really don't think I ever will tonight!
I still haven't eaten &amp; I'm so hungry it huuuuurts  there's nothing that makes me want to eat it here, hmm I need sun screen (:
I still haven't eaten yet. 
I still haven't gotten my new iPhone software 
i still havent gotten my RSP yet for the MoP event...  and i live less than 2 hrs from WDW... any suggestions why i havent???
I still haven't really processed that Granny is gone. I miss her unbelievably. 
I still haven't seen Star Trek.... I think it finishes in most cinemas this Wednesday... 
I still haven't seen the notion video  3weeks till we get the internet, don't think I can wait that long 
I still haven't seen Up... *hangs head in shame* I'm a sad excuse for a future Disney cast member. I can't help the fact that I'm $less. 
i still heva homework 
i still look like quasi modo 
i still love danny gokey   2 bad he came home here to milwaukee! booo! anyways check out the blog. http://www.cashfreeonline.blogspot.com
I still love my Kindle2 but reading The New York Times on it does not feel natural. I miss the Bloomingdale ads.
I STILL love the Blazers  Tuesday, Tuesday...
I still love todd our child feels neglected though  .03-24-09.
i still love you and thats a fact but a million apologizes can never bring me back    crying for a guy who doesn't deserve my heart  
I still luv ya spec jus dnt do diz crazii shit n-e mo 
i still miss my bestfriends so bad  its gonna be a great holiday i guess!kangen kangen parah
I still miss Oopies. 
I still miss yall but I have to log off now  ttyl ^.^ &lt;3
I still need 3 or 4 extra hours of sleep to recover from last weekend. It'd also be nice if I didn't have shitty dreams 
I still need a date for May 1st!!!  X-Men Origins: Wolverine was supposed to go w/@hasanlc but he saw the premiere last month 
i still need to take some panadol 
i still need you like a heart needs a beat..haaa sorry sorry sorry 
i still need you, i still care about you, i still feel you like i'm right beside you...and i still love you 
i still never been to a lupe fiasco show...  i always wanted to go
I still really want to play clue     Anyone like Clue?
I still remember late night make me sit back and think about the friends and family I've lost. My heart beats for you. RIP JonJon 
I still smell of bleach.  I think it penetrated the gloves and absorbed directly into my soul 
i still suck at word challenge. 
i still think about 131108, can't get him out my mind even i got another boy 
I still walk into the house expecting to greet a black kitty 
i still wanna see oliver in west end whilst rowan atkinson is in it 
i still want a red balloon. 
i still want ice-cream. and i'm saying this because i know i'll never get it now. 
I still want my caramel hot chocolate!!!! Where are you??!!! 
I still want the 3G S mind you....GUTTED 
I still want to watch the MTV Awards LIVE here in the Philippines!  I've voted... Read More: http://is.gd/KUCK
i stills hurt! its a 2nd degree burn sunburn.... 
i stink steres a storm coming eek 
I stopped the ball with my chest, kicked it into my hand with the right foot and sustained a left leg muscle pull! 
i stuck my hannah montana stiickers all over the wall. &quot;Fly on the wall!&quot; ... yeah and ... I LOVE HANNAH MONTANA. i dont want it to end 
I study, and I use the computer.tomorrow school, i don't want to go xD 
I stuk in car wit fat demon 
I stumbled in like a drunk tho LOL and only one person saw 
I stupidly just went for a brisk walk in 100F heat..  cue sweatpit. 
I stupidy typed 'plum bedding' into google to find some new ones and have now fallen in love with some from Next  
I successfully unfollowed 70 people. 20 more are getting cut tomorrow. Sorries. 
i suck @ my job 2 day 
I suck at chicken fight 
i suck at diets 
I suck at French 
I suck at life .. I failed at our popcorn race  
I SUCK AT MAKING CLAY PEOPLE! 
i suck at making jelly cakeeeee. 
I suck at making widgets, Opera keeps rejecting my config.xml  #mwc
I suck at math. Somebody help me? 
@jordanknight I think the site is down right now.  We broke it!! LOL
@jordanknight I tinked @ 4:00 this morning.    coming 2 Boston 2 see u. well not just u. LOL
@jordanknight I went all the way from NJ to ME to see you and I got no facetime   next time I hope ;-)
@jordanknight I went to go and vote more for you, but the link won't open the page 
@jordanknight i will if i can afford it and if i can get on the plane... (scared) 
@jordanknight I wish I could go on the next cruise  I need a miracle to be able to do so though.
@jordanknight i would love to vote, but that link won't load! 
@jordanknight I would vote if I had internet 
@jordanknight I,m ready, iÂ´m always ready, but iÂ´m in Spain 
@jordanknight If you all aren't coming back to FL then, hell yeah!  But I'm hoping you change your minds about coming to FL again... 
@jordanknight I'm a Japanese fan living in Taipei.  Not coming to Asia.....???? 
@jordanknight I'm broke and unemployed, so I probably won't be on the next cruise! 
@jordanknight I'm in if I can find someone to go with me  Hubby won't and a friend said she doesn't have a babysitter.  But I'm trying!
@jordanknight I'm in the UK an I wanna get in on this - missing out on all the fun stuck here  xx
@jordanknight IM trying so hard 2 win Vip tics 2 June T-dot show,meet/greet,watch u rehearse 4 a bit..maybe if I wish on a star tonight! 
@jordanknight It's not there anymore.  
I'm feel so sad for Rafael Nadal   No Wimbledon for him this year. But I prefer to see him at 100%
I'm feelin a lil down today. I'm not sure why but something is botherin me 
im feelin a lil moody &amp; down, i just said goodbye to the friend ima miss the MOST 
I'm feelin agravated, stupid mouse isn't workin for my laptop, damn thing, oh well off to wrk early 2day money is already nearly gone 
I'm feelin real up real fucked up right now. Not in da good 4 bullshit.  Sorry auntie. 
I'm feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once. Rwhats wrong with me 
i'm feelin that squeeze in my lungs again... maybe i should call the girls for a morning jog... but it's so foggy outside! 
I'm feeling a bit Blehhh   I think sleep is in order!
Im feeling a bit under the weather lately  hope i get better soon cause Theres no way i can study good feeling like this ;)
im feeling a little better this morning but still sick  oh well i hope im well enough to go to work if im needed.  ttyl all
im feeling a little down 2dayy 
I'm feeling a little down, and I don't know why. 
I'm feeling a tad bit self concious...I hate these days 
Im feeling all sick and queasy  its not fun
I'm feeling bad for Nelson Piquet  he's a good racer but no one sees it or believe it! He just need a chance to show his talent *-*
I'm feeling better now after a long night of drinking yesterday... Don't wanna work all day 
I'm feeling blank? excited for southside tomorrow! thank goodness it isnt the 24th anymore, I miss it 
I'm feeling down because i'm pretty sure I have herniated a disc in my low back again. 
i'm feeling down coz i can't be there for him right now when he needs someone to take care of him 
i'm feeling extremely irritable and fat after failing to sleep AT ALL 
I'm feeling fat today 
I'm feeling good about a lot of things right now. Our clean house is one of them. Andrew moving out is not one of them. 
I'm feeling horrible! tummy hurts and i'm having diarrhoea. Suspected food poisoning!  what if i die tonight! Aaah! A bit feverish too..
I'm feeling ill today  But still have to go to work; life sucks!
I'm feeling invisible right now.. Is it time to give up and just go home? 
In cinema with Ella and her new boy group. God im bored 
in class 
In class  I wish i was in LA rite nw...ATL shootin a music video there 2day..:'( i could have been it n hung out wit the boys! FML!
in class  my graduation is almost here yay
in class  Today is gonna be a loooong day after a sleep-less night...
in class  wishing i was at the beach since its gorgeous outside today!!!
In class again, rainy in the D this morning 
In class bored as crap! Lots of customers to talk to this afternoon   
in class doing nothing once again....lol hungry lumnch in 2 more hrs 
In class for the weekend. It is a beach day outside. 
in class taking finals 
In Class til 1pm yay for me...  damn all I wanna do is sleep.. 8 am summer school is not the biz ...It's gonna b a long summer
In class, studying for a test tomorrow  blahh!
In class. 
In class. I get out at eleven fifteen.  gross.
In class. This is going to be a long class. 
In class...feelin sick 4 some reason...gotta lot of work 2 do...ugh 
In class...wishing I were in bed 
In classics ;) but maths next 
in clear water soaking up the rays...with a sunburn 
in Cleveland - there are little birdies trapped in the airport! 
in coles... bah. so boring. and my head is killing me 
in Collage how fun 
In college  can't wait till summer arghhh
In college ATM  weather is awesome tho
In College doing nothing! 
in college really bored  dont know why i pciked pre voc..im regretting it now..wish i was seeing mcfly on the 25th 
in college waiting to do my maths exam  hope it is easy so i dont fail XD
In college, slogging on an assignment while munching on pringles. found the most interesting fic website &amp; i have no time to read it 
In Colorado... finally. After a long ass drive. Stupid road construction south of Pratt killed my time. 
in communications class 
in Corona. where is the civilization at? Population : Tiara, Britney, and Erin 
In Corpus for one more day but no more beach 
in covinaa.   its BORINGGGG!!/
In Covington playing pool and chilling with @alhalpern and my cuz. Road trip is coming to a close. 
in Croatia.. missing home 
In CTW cinema watching UP3D, but on a long break cuz the film was stuck and is now being fixed.  I want my $$$ back.
In Dallas for an hour layover. My favorite city and I dont get to fully enjoy it 
In Dallas Texas Waiting for @Jonasbrothers to come on stage got meet and greet sound check and then the worsed thing happend i woke up 
In Darien Lake..last show tomorrow then home Wednesday! 
In Davis about to eat something...somewhere...I think...maybe...I don't know 
In DC...I just wanna be home or go back for some more vacation... I really don't wanna go to work, though 
In denver. I hate waiting! Im super tired right now!  {&lt;3}
IN DESPERATE NEED FOR IPHONE MONEY (srsly, me needs a phone that works!  ) AND ITUNES MONEY! :O
In desperate need of a new job 
In desperate need of a new phone  . . . Any recommendations?
in detroit, i didn't want to quit dance, but i had to. 
In discomfort... Thank goodness for good meds... But bored out of my mind. 
In dissertation hell in the library - Thunderstorm in Leicester 
In doctor's waiting room: walls are covered with illustrated posters on various serious illnesses. Not making me feel better at all 
In driving class all day   Lots of people apparently getting speeding tickets lately.
In Duluth in traffic...not fun 
I'm feeling less and less optimistic about The Georgia Theater being rebuilt. 
I'm feeling light headed and sick 
I'm feeling like I just woke up from the dead! 
im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis
I'm feeling lonely. 
I'm feeling lost without my headphones could buy some new ones whilst I'm out shopping but not like I need any 
I'm feeling pretty icky today... 
im feeling reallly down today 
I'm feeling really sick. 
I'm feeling sad today 
I'm feeling sick. Guuuh.  I must feed myself. I want some pizza!
Im feeling sick...i think that lady did something to me. 
I'm feeling so alone.  
Im feeling so nostalgic. Im sad. But happy. I don't now how to feel. It's over, but not at the same time. It just feels over.  i love you.
i'm feeling so sad  why McFly? hahaha
I'm feeling so shitty  need something to cheer me up!!
I'm feeling so so stressed up. I think I need rezky's gokil-ness!! 
I'm feeling so uncomfortable now! 
I'm feeling some intense loneliness right about now. 
I'm feeling sorry for myself because I'm kind of sick which means I can't go to a sleepover with my BFF. 
Im feeling suddenly drowsy. Nooo. 6 hours at work today. I can do it 
I'm feeling SUPER cranky!  Need some cheering up 
im feeling that the the the the the, THAT got me fucked up?! Damn im fcking stupid. Now i feel bad 4 what i did 
I'm feeling the worst BF right now! My BF has got a really important exam tomorrow and I forgot to send her a good luck message. 
I'm feeling tired &amp; lethargic... 
I'm feeling tomato-ish  I'm burned :'{  and it hurts a little bit. My back is completely red XD hahaha it looks silly
I'm feeling unwell this morning  must of been the  Mackrell yesterday
I'm feeling very artistic today  I'm inspired. But i miss my guitar 
I'm feeling very ill today  didn't go to work, my head aches...and I think I've got temperature...
i suck at my job 
I suck at studying. Im watching the CMT Awards instead 
I suck at the whole sleeping thing 
I suck at this sometimes. 
I suck at trying to sleep 
I suck at twitter cause my friends have 400 followers and I have 80.   
I suck dick 
I suck on HBO anymore.  And the fact that I'm still heavily crushing on my supervisor tells everyone how much I suck. Total fml moment.
I suck! I totally spaced and didn't get my bf ice cream when I went to DQ  Boo. I fail today.
I suck, i'm a monster. My boyfriend and i just had a talk, and we are breaking up at the end of summer!  i have god.   {LOVE GOOFY}
I suck.  
I suddenly feel like getting a new guitar. My guitars are really ugly. Because they're old! 
I suddenly feel like I fell of the face of the earth! Stay out of arkansas! 
i suddenly got that feeling of missing all of my friends  i'm so emo hahaha
i suddenly terrible. blaaaaah, someone fix me 
I suffered the most enormous migraine today... They are not fun 
i super hate the freakin' schedule! 
i super wanna go home 
I suppose all time low and i will go to sleep now 
i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr 
I suppose ide betta get my butt in bed... lets hope i snooze quik enough.. Night time baby me.. dont know how im gunna sleep at this time 
i supposed to be giving you the slient treatment!!!! i even turned off my updates!!! 
I suprisingly sleepy.. don't think I have it in for my random night cap tweets today.. 
I sure could use some cheesecurds, but the hubby does not answer his phone...so I am not going to bed a happy camper!!! 
I sure do hate being up this early. Didn't get any sleep. 
i sure hope they are ok, one of the passengers of air france is from belgium (my country) 
I survived a whole weekend without him.  But it was hard.  What will i do when he leaves for school?  
I survived the 5:30am to 8:00pm camp today. Tomorrow 7:00am till about 10 :00pm....pray for me!!! My body hurts 
i suspect it is about 90 minutes late 
I'm feeling very sad for we will miss Blair-A very much. 
I'm feeling very sad. If I could go through all the pain and nastiness for her then I would in a second. 
I'm feeling very sick. Cough and flu away from me please~ 
I'm feeling very sorry for myself as an Audi driver decided to use my car and the car behind as conkers 
Im feeling very weird today. Dont seem to have any energy at all! 
I'm feeling violently ill. Kill me 
im feeling: guilty 
I'm fighting a losing battle with a broken heart. 
I'm fighting insomnia tonight 
I'm filming my superstition video 2day. I'm a day behind.  I'll post either 2night or 2morrow! Thanks for your tweets!
I'm finalizing my first thesis draft report 
i'm finally able to get out of bed because the tylenol i took. fever went down. been sleeping all afternoon. i still feel awful. 
Im finally almost home! Gosh, so tired! 
I'm finally back from runnin errands...saw Winta, Uncle T, and got *2'd up!! Lol {insider}...i miss @YoungSlapz and @MissErikaT 
I'm finally done making the front cover of Stallion issue 1. Now, I have to do the back cover. 
i'm Finally Done with my first Body paragraph,,BUT GOSH AM M39baa :@ Cz our survey questions were wrong so magdr aktb body 2 as easy  UH!!
im finally done with putting my new stario system in!!! woop. getting up at 5 in the morning thought 
I'm finally done with the sidekick stuff!Yay!So,who's going to the SF Pride this weekend?If you are,what day b/c I'm leaving Sunday. 
I'm finally getting to see Kelly Clarkson on GNW...grr can't believe mum wouldn't let me have the tv last night  she's funny XD
I'm finally GOING HOME!!! Hope to find some transportation to reach home  Sigh! Cya later tweeps.
I suuuuuuuper hate CRS... i wasn't able to get 5 subjects out of the 8 that i enlisted. too bad 
i swam got darker hung out with the bestie...this day cant get better! but it can and just did get worse 
I swear   
i swear 2 god if that dog barks at me 1 more time idk wat ull do  its like a frikin fluffy half shaved anckel biterr 
i swear cookout food is either disgusting or i have a sensitive stomach. either way i feel sick 
I swear everytime I watch Jon and Kate plus 8 I cry  it's just so sad!!
i swear got the biggest effin bugs i eva seen. miss my lil bro nd sis 
i swear i can still smell smoke in my hair.  ahh i hate the after -bon fire affects.
I swear i have a cyst on my ovaries they hurt soo bad!! 
I swear I have fluid in my ear. 
i swear i just saw a dead guy who had gotten in a wreck on his motorcycle! 
I SWEAR I JUST SAW SOME1 OR SUMTHING POP THERE HEAD OUT BY THE TOP OF THE STAIRS  AND BEING HOME ALONE DOESNT HELP!
i swear i need that 12K badly! 
I swear if $ didn't matter I'd move out TODAY! So fed up  I might had to just have no cable and/or food til I get a job...real talk!
i swear if i dont go to coldstone with @tuttlebean soon i will start crying 
I swear if I hear another NKOTB song I'm gonna scream...I wanna go see them 2morrow night. 
I swear if the next two discs of true blood aren't in I will cry hysterically  #trueblood
I swear I've cracked my left little toe. Very painful 
I swear me being up this late isn't normal. 
I swear my bank has had the same cd on replay for a year. (currently on hold)  
I swear my twitter is haunted! Now I can see this random background pic, but I still can't upload and see my default! 
I swear the smell and beauty of my beautiful flowers are the only thing keeping me sane right now from finals and feeling me sick 
i swear to god i am going to the next mcfly show... how the heck do i find out where they playing? -slow- it's brass monkeys here 
I swear to god I have the mood swings of a pregnant woman. Ever have a mood where you just wanna sleep and like, not wakeup?  &lt;|3
i swear you stressing me out...tryin not to cry 
I swear, from this day on, I will never wait to see a band/singer/whatever. I always wanted to see the Ventures, never did 
im finally going to sleep. and i have to get up in 4 and a half hours 
I'm finally home after an hour of working out...I'm so tired now...I need someone to come cook for me b/c I'm too weak 
I'm finally home but i can't get online!  - http://tweet.sg
I'm finally home..affected by Tinitus....and also I'm so sick and tired.. 
I'm finally in bed but I can't stop sneezing 
I'm finally logging out to start on that darn term paper  Ciao my Luvs
I'm finally up people I'm ready to do it big! Kinds bc I'm still a lil drained 
I'm finding bugz tonight, but it's in somebodies else products... 
I'm finding out from Twitter, many years later, that apparently I'd had a reputation for feeling up my juniors. @squarefaced says so. 
I'm fine... it's rainin out here 
Im finish but i was alone  ...
I'm finished school... forever! 
im finishing a paper 
im fixing hamburgers; they're not turning out good  i cant wait for the mtv movie awards; waiting to see my baby shia labeouf, lol;
im fixing to get my teeth but out. Yikes! 
Im flicking my bean... shit... it fell on the floor! 
I'm flying with Air France in July, I don't like the news of their flights disappearing. 
I'm followed by multiple horny kitty kats 
Im following Oprah, my hero, and she has over a million followers, so I can't even say hey to her cause she wont say anything back. 
I'm freakin' frustrated about not having the chance to attend Princess Protection Program's Premiere night.. 
im freakin shrinkin it height!!!! on monday i was 5&quot;5 and now im 5&quot;4 
I'm freakin the fuck out maaannn....... 
Im freaking late  - http://tweet.sg
I'm freaking roasting in this courthouse. 
I'm freaking starving ! Can lunchtime pllllllzzzzz come 
im free 1st 2 periods why cant i have a long sleep  oh well will do Hitler work
I'M FREEEEEE. I'll miss the wgs though 
I'm freeeezing! Going back to bed now, I couldn't fall back to sleep since Brandon left almost an hour ago &amp; I miss him already 
I'm freezing  Could someone please turn on the sun??
i'm freezing in math class! 
I'm freezing in the movie theatre 
I'm freezing right now 
I'm freezing. Did I dream I was sweltering to death this time last week? &amp; I was worrying about my wildflowers not having enough moisture 
I'm freezing. There's no heat in my hosue  my heating's broke..
im frekin bored and im sick  my tummy hurts again
I'm frkkn cranky! 
I'm frustrated with this twitter, there are people I want to speak to and I can't unless they follow me back 
I'm fuckin bored its 333 in the morning and I ain't got nothing to do. Can't play with the dogs or anything. 
I'm fuckin sick.  Damnit.  Laying down  maaaaan
im fucking bored 
i'm fucking done. i'm so tired.. 
I'm fucking horrible at math  ugh
Im fucking screwed. Lyli got grounded and i cant get a dress from her so now i have nothing to wear to graduationg. 
im fucking sleepy and i gotta go to my second job in da morning 
i'm full of Cheese and my face is Clold.... 
I'm full of spud and now want to go and lie down in the sun with a good book.  Unfortunately, instead I'll be sitting inside my office 
I'm full! I guess I'll go back to work now 
im full. i had a tripple thick chocolate milkshake from mcdonalds now i feel sick 
I'm game for the Day in the Cloud on June 24th, join me: www.dayinthecloud.com (bÃ¡r persze nem nyertetek, mert nem vagyok amcsi. mehh.  )
I'm german i think i should be able to go to germany for free whenever i want...plz 
i'm geting a cold and it sux!!!!  
I'm gettin my drink on. I'm so homesick, I have to drown my sorrows 
I'm gettin old yall. My hip hurts    ...And no it's not from what all your little nasty minds are thinking either. Im just old. Lol
I'm getting a bit bored with Britain's got talent!! 
I'm getting a bit pissed off with being so damn knackered after work.. I only did 9 hours today, and it's kicked the stuffing out of me 
i'm getting a car...but i can't drive it home...i won't even see it for 2 months  still excited though!
I'm getting a cold. My throat is sore, so I can't swallow without it hurting. 
I'm getting a gut... and I don't like it 
Im getting a haircut soon....still haven't decided what to get done  help?
I'm getting a headache in the left frontal lobe. 
I'm getting a little annoyed with the lack of cute crops and shorts available right now... 
I'm getting a lot of work done! It's a very productive day.   I just wish P.D. would BE QUIET! She's even more annoying than usual! 
I'm getting a pain in me stomach 
im getting a rash from that necklace. ughhh i hate being allergic to metal. 
I'm getting all Glastonbury excited like!! Then I remember I've got the family visit and a shit load of house viewings this weekend 
I'm getting bitched out right now because I used 1300 mintues out of 1500 on a family plan I hate sprint I want to go back to t-mobile 
I'm getting braces july 8th  any1 have any tips 4 me?
Im getting busy! I need to study AND attend trainings for volleyball. The competition is getting close. It's really hard to balance time 
I'm getting chinese food all alone 
I'm getting creeps from this Federer guy.First he wins over half dead Nadal and then he gives us advices about his crafty strategy phew 
I'm getting excited about my going away party tonight... I hope I don't cry too much 
I'm getting excited about trip to Paris in September.  Need to think budget, esp as the Prudence bills will be coming in soon 
in england..NOW...and no one is talkin 
In english  !!! xx
in english 231 with a sore throat and headache 
In english class right now. 
in english class, doing an assignment. 
In English with @poptartsandsex and @giddygiggles ... what is this? WORK? so close to the holidays? 
In english, about to get yelled at for not doing my homework.  Wish me luck.
In English,,, Bored Out me Head!! 
In env. science .. my breathing is bad again  oh myy
In epic pain from my thumb.  Going to sleep now. G'night, y'all.
In Erie, PA for a soccer tournament  Anyone know of a GOOD gym here??
in excruciating pain. was  hoping i'd feel better by today 
In exhib hall, no outside light. it could be snowing outside, but I know it's not! 
In fact, I feel she isn't very empathetic to us men    #tcot #sgp #scotus
in florida doing lots of nothin'...while there's tons to be done back home 
in for a long ass day.. then back to the courthouse tomorrow! I'mma miss you today dollface 
in for the night i think. wish robo was in the mood to see a movie 
In for the night... Tonight's not good... 
in francais, we have a sub today..problem is she actaully does speak french 
In French trois, nobody is sitting next to me. I feel a little lonely... 
In french watching a french film |-) its pouring 
In Fresno, caught a cold, feel like crap 
In front of a sex store with tech class of 2010. Ew!! I want to go to blockbuster now. 
in galveston working hard  but manana, the beach!
In garden, didn't go beach 
Im getting frustrated. I need to get to sleep but i cant find my cat anywhere outside 
I'm getting heatstroke with a temperature of 30+ degrees celsius! 
I'm getting in the shower and going to to show tonight...gonna have a BOOT-STOMPIN' HOEDOWN!! yeehaw! I still miss certain people tho 
im getting jealous getting all these twitters, i wanna go to the mtv movie awards with brody jenner and miley cyrus hah  i need a lifee
im getting my braces tightened tomorrow! 
i'm getting my revision on for this biology physiology and transport resit exam 2moro. 
im getting my wisdom teeth out tomorrrow 
im getting my wisdom teeth right now and it hurts!!!!! lol goo away 
i'm getting off now  this is what happend when you need to read a book in 3 daays,u stay without twitter :o xooxo peoplee!
I'm getting old... It's only 1 and I can barely keep my eyes open 
I'm getting pretty tired of hearing about swine flu.  #swineflu
I'm getting rained on in the LRC! Sat near the window getting all of the rain in! 
Im getting ready for school atm its a boring day 
I'm getting ready for work. Get out at 5pm long day 
Im getting ready to spend the day in bed i feel flu'ish 
I'm getting really pankicy about 2moro I'm praying that the life cycle of a star doesn't come up!! Ohhh and payback time!  (&quot;,) &lt;3
I'm getting really sad that I'm leaving tomorrow  I'm gonna miss everyone sooo much! I just can't belief I'm actually going to France ahh!
i'm getting really worried now. 
Im getting scared with math's teacher 
Im getting sick   Oh boys have a strong run!
I'm getting sick  I hate it and I'm at work.
I'm getting sick I think 
Im getting sick!!  oh and my puppy too 
im getting sleepy guys.....i need my coffee!!! 
I'm getting so aggrivated with life right now...I'm sad 
im getting so mad at my phone i gotta keep deleting things 
I'm getting soo stressed. I should be studying... 
i'm getting such anxiety over my piano recital tonight 
Im getting the crap beat out of me by a flag 
I'm getting the feeling I won't sleep so well tonight. 
I'm getting the feeling Rare aren't going to be here... 
I'm getting this unsettling feeling I'm the antidote to @tom_miller. 
I'm getting tired of being lonely every single night. Am I not good enough anymore. 
im getting very irritated by people who dont want to show up to work 
I'm getting your emails... you ain't getting mine 
Im gettn ready 2 g2 wack ass wrk 
IM GIVING UP IM SEZUIRING ON MY BED FROM THIS COMPUTER SCREEN I CANT BEAT TETRIS  I HATE THIS SHIT FAHDSFIHASF  2MORO I WILL DO IT! DD
I'm glad Bride Wars didn't end up disappointing me. :-D Too bad there wasn't more Bryan Greenberg.  Loved Anne Hathaway though. 
I'm glad I don't work at Air France.  Sad times for them.
im glad i got 2 come back home frm dads. there wasnt anything going on and we couldnt get 2 the beach, which kinda sucked 
In glasgow, too damn hot 
In gym. Waiting to leave. Updates still aren't working 
In Halifax and starbucks is closed.  day 1 with mom.
In Hangzhou (China). Once again 
In hell!  Save me!
In Hell's Kitchen at 9th Ave and 49th St. Chick in front of me is barefoot with toes walking on dirty pavement. It's slightly  disturbing 
In her rant, with generalized condemnation of the entire Hollywood industry, the people who actually voted for " Brokeback Mountain " are targeted as part of the same stupid mob...
In history class  supposivley doing work :s
In History lesson 
in HK waiting for the ferry home... well home for now anyway 
in honour of @joy_inc I have made a 'to do' list, I am gonna miss you loads today 
In horrible pain after twisting my ankle at the pool earlier today. I just wish I could sleep! 
In House Alone  Mum In Glasgow .. Went To See Take That Last Night In Hampden. I Was Supposed To Go ..But Nah! Sat With Munchies instead!
In huntington beach.i paid for parking. 
In I.T (: it won't let me see my twittascope  booooo.
In ict boreeeeeeeeeeeed       @hg47 Heyyyy        Jade ily  xx 
in ict man its so lamely boring 
In ict,,, Boring 
In ict. I hate mrs Roberts with a passion :@ making me sit on my own  grr @xoFlawless I see what you've been trying to tell me :L
In ICT. I've done all my work, so its GAMES GALORE. I think I'll get bored by the end of the lesson. LAST DAY TOO. 
In ICT... School photos next  Need to do my hair!
in interpol, playing hearts. and losing 
In Ipoh now. Eta 6.45pm hope the jam not too bad. Lots of trees being chopped. Oh well 
I'm glad I'm home safely, what a fucked up night. Both good on bad, mostly bad at the end, but now it's good. My feet hurt though! 
i'm glad pixiv ppl like the doctor/priest brothers but i would not mind some more tamon  bawww
im glad that blip.fm removed EVERY song that i want to post. 
Im glad that i didn't break my knee! But it sure feels like i did 
I'm glad that the USBL is on instead of that island show. But it just isn't the same as the Aus series 
I'm glad to be back home..now the never ending email checking begins, just was informed of a very important due date that has just passed 
I'm glad when I get to do something creative, however, most of the time they just want me to &quot;spruce up&quot; a powerpoint with clip art. Uhg. 
i'm glad yasmina won she was better then that robotic kate.....can't believe margets retireing 
I'm glad you had a good time! Not so much about the food poisoning! 
I'm glued to the G4TV E3 streaming vid and liveblog at g4tv.com/e3. I won't be able to get over there until this afternoon 
I'm go hurt rt now can't be mad hurting 2 much 
I'm goin 2 make my house clean, this isn't hm, I'm depressed, annoyed and really feel like I hate everythin at the mo 
I'm goin' to class.. see y'all 
Im goin to have to go... i will be in and out all day... but tweet propperly tonight... bye  xxx
im goin to kill alicia if she gave me her fucking sickness . ughhh wtf  
Im goin to prom   PRAY FOR ME!!!!!!
I'm goin to pump it up today woo hoo! But my stomach hurts... So that tells me not so good of a day coming up 
I'm going 2 bring my mom flowers wen I c her in the grass at da cemetery 2moro! 
im going back in bed  i hope i feel better tomorrow. time to listen to some @Jonasbrothers and read some Harry Potter. night
I'm going back to bed  I feel like crap.
I'm going back to bed because I'm too sick to go to school 
I'm going back to my facebook page. This is boring! Yep! Definitely so! 
I'm going back to sleeps. 
Im Going Bed Early Tonight As Got School Tomoz! 
I'm going crazy at work. I want a new job.. 
Im going crazy thinking that MCFLY is here, in MY country, in MY Argentina and I cant see them!!! This is unfair 
I'm going for a bath. I feel like crap. 
I'm going for NIN and 3 days North Sea Jazz later in July. BUT its these one off concerts back home that I miss most.  http://bit.ly/dIZl2
Im going for The Lakers but honestly i just dont see Orlando being defeated  sighhh too much man power on that team!
I'm going from bad to worse in everything. First the blog, and now flickr 
I'm going home 
I'm going home - But I've only written half of what I need. I guess it's another all-nighter = no Spooks  #fail
I'm going home an hour early in an effort to stave off mystery illness. I don't get sick pay you see 
I swear, i hate physucks! 
I swear, Justin Timberlake is wherever I go. 
I swear, they are playing the worst music i've heard in my life. Even worse than what was on at that sasquatch music fest vid on youtube. 
i swore i saved it. but it was gone  fml
I take back what I said about summer thunderstorms. Still no power 
i take it back, coming home when mom and sis are on vacation too was a bad idea  .. baalika vadhu is blasphemy! :-'(
I take it back, I don't want behavioural that much anymore 
I take my temps test, sign paperwork at hair design school then have bonding with parents at the movies  but you know you LOVE working ...
I take no satisfaction in seeing Luongo feeling so badly. Very sad interview by Luo. 
i take that back! it hurts 
I take that back, the back of my neck is burnt 
I take that back. I came home to several open drawers. I hate when people go through my shit. Highly irritated and sensitive right now. 
I talk so much on Twitter, sometimes I wonder if half the stuff I say gets read 
I talk the Flip cam up to everyone I showed it to then what happens - the thing dies halfway through making a vid and won't work anymore 
I talk too much. 
I talk with my toe! 
I talked to GM today and they told me to go f myself unless I give them $200 to look at it since my warranty is up. 
I talked to Ryan last night forever!xD really tho OO I feel so bad. My dad wouldnt take us on a date  I now owe Ryan a date lol
I tear up just about everyday my son leaves for school waving &amp; blowing kisses from the back of his daddys car  #fb
I tend not to find slapstick humor funny either so stop for crying out loud. 
I tend to crack under pressure   stressful day, trying to figure stuff out
i text u my bestie isnt respondin 2 my text  @DATPRETTYCHIC
i texted a tweet earlier and it didnt send it  that would explain why no-one came to homebase for their free paint brush...
I texted Z saying I cant meet tomorrow cause I got to get my homework done. Now I dont dare to read his reply 
im going home by myself annf risking being rolled by lads on the nightride. so sick 
Im going home now. I hate being sad  i want to go to the beach...
I'm going home now. To shoot things. I'm running out of budget on this gig. I'm fearful. 
I'm going home on Sunday!!! But leaving early morning the next day. 
im going home to an empty house 
i'm going home today  .
I'm going into slight depression mode. I miss my best friend. Why did she have to move?  
im going off, to do homework  xoxoxo.
i'm going on a four day trip that i don't even want to go on. bye internet world, see you in four days 
I'm going on an excursion this week, so I won't be twitting.... 
im going out out out! I HAVENT STUDIED FOR 2 DAYS!   [!]
i'm going out tonight but i've got a headache, yet again, for the fucking hundredth time this week. 
I'm going out with the kids to enjoy the sun - being a bank holiday, it's got to rain soon 
Im going out. still sad 
I'm going round my mates later to carry on with our counselling session recording. It's not that great weather today. Cloudy 14C 
I'm going snorkling and kayaking with really bad sunburn. Last day in puerto rico biaaatch. 
I'm going stircrazy at home, but seems no one wants to head out 
I'm going through the monday morning blues   Another day at work but time is going by sooooooooo slow!!!
I'm going through withdrawls,  missing someone!!!!
Im going thru heavy withdrawl!! I miss him so much  I Hope Im doing this shit for real reason :_(
In ireland with the lads, now to the big top to play but one our late 
in jax posted up at the bowlin ally remindin myself of how borin jax is 
in julesburg, co...staying for the night. i hit a mouse on the road... 
In Jury Duty &amp; It Sucks 
in kay.see,, xxtra bored;; hungry...well more sleepy than bored; i just got back from the park ..hella burnt 
In keele, traffic good, weather grey but warm. Asleep on my feet after yesterday. Still cant believe it took 2 hours to drive 1 mile 
In Kentucky. Caleb is being gross 
in keyboarding last day of keyboarding  tomorrow is delanas last day  goin to kelci's house today!!! then church kinda nervous.whatever
In L.A. So sunburnt though 
in LA with the fam. gotta head home soon tho.   
In Lahore..finally understand what load shedding is all about 
In lancaster with her girlies!! Not in the sun 
In laws arrived safely just before 2 pm. We had fun playing in the yard, riding bikes, playing wii. Still no sign of our beloved Louie. 
In LAX and my man is not here  what are yall doing?
In library, going for lunch then maths exam... 
in library,going to study stats later ;\ OMG STATS 
In light of The situation in Iran and #149conf, good to remember 140 ch is a novel when being shot at. 
In line for Toy Story Mania at Disney before work.  Love this ride.  Hate having to work really late, though. 
In line for Transformers. People are already here waiting haha. Someone get here soon! I'm all alone 
i'm going to bathe the puppy. i miss my loverla loserkins meany head 
i'm going to be a girl and say i wish life was like a shojo manga... 
I'm going to be late today... again.  Can't get up the motivation to leave any earlier... Oh well.
im going to be missing out on all the cool mello parts i got moved to baritone 
I'm going to be super productive if the Reflective message board stays down all day  Need moar boards to lurk!
Im going to bed &amp; @JordanZac that suclks 
Im going to bed before i get blocked on facebook or my account gets deleted. I guess this is a sign. Work tomorrow  Goodnight
im going to bed i have to get up at 6am HEELL NO!  I need vacations RIGHT NOW! ahah nice to meet you  byebye ?
I'm going to bed now, I want to listen to lines, vines and trying times but I will just have to wait untill monday 
im going to bed! 3am |-) Hannah montana Movie Tomarrow CANT WAIT!! im going o cy i knw it  Night ight till we tweet again! xx
im going to bed, sad again, i think its time to live a new life, start going by Anna- Maria start all over leave Devie behind its time 
I'm going to bed.  It's WAY too late   On the plus side, I got to use The Union in my final paper for Social Ethics 
i'm going to bed.  sorry i wasn't on long tonight.
In line for Up!  Movie usher person was cleaning the sign with the foulest chemical ever. My lungs hurt 
In line to get into BFD! ONLY HEARD AIRBORNE  MISSED THEM !
In line waiting for Metric part II!  Gonna be pretty far back tonight. Bummer after last night. I'm easily spoiled... 
In line... Baking 
in london at last. missed the connecting flight to amsterdam. hope to  be home around eight in the evening at last. 
in London at the mo. It's ridiculously hot and I left my shorts at home. I don't want to sit in a windowless room today 
In London today. Back after 4. Tweet me till then!! I wish I had a truck that floats!! Traffic 
In Long Beach WAn eatin at Dooger's- not on the recomend list 
in Los Gatos.. swimming was okay. I'm still bleeding 
in lots of pain  
In lots of pain. Damn tooth. 
in love i'm bipolar. it's true :X   My whole body is in serious pain 
In love with hard ice tea...isn't coming till sept though 
in love with my boyfriend. he surprised the hell out of me today. (:*  oh babyyy!&lt;3 miss him so much. 
In love with Zac Efron ever since seeing 17 Again on Friday.  Spring Break's over....
in LOveeee &lt;3 and it hurts 
in loving memory-Tigger the Fighter Kitty (6/4/09-30/5/09).I know u're in kitty heaven rite now. mumi luv n miss u much 
In madden 10?  If true, that's definitely a detriment to the game and may be a deterrent to me getting madden.  
In Mah Bed Half Deed  Ah Jzt Ate About 20 Packetz Eh Crispz  || via http://m.itsmy.com/
in Mallorca. Want to play guitar   When i come home I'm going to buy the mcfly dvd first :]]
in manassas, va sitting in the hotel room. i just wanna be in new york. 
in manchester, no fuel, and the steel pin which locks the filler cap shut is stuck! i aint goin anywhere 
Im going to bed. Ive had enough. 
I'm going to bed....alone.   LOL
I'm going to bed..vball from 9-12  I bet $ 44577533 that tomorrow will be a rain delay.  HAHA
Im going to book theatre tickets. This time next week, Kerry Ellis's last Show 
im going to brave the grocery store..i hate going on the weekend everyone in houston is there but i ran out of my fruit 
I'm going to buy shoes  Why can't someone else do that for me?
Im going to camp right now at 6:21 awwwwwwwwwwwww it way to early but im at camp all week and i lost my phone so no tweets 
i'm going to catch up on some much needed sleep Plus I can't deal with my soul being crushed cuz NK's are at my home venue w/o me   LOL
i'm going to cry i don't get CMT. 
i'm going to cry... nothing will work 
im going to cry.... i gotta add another 14 days till i get my Eastern 'Element' bike, cause im bad with maths and screwed up calculations 
I'm going to die by The end if this week  too early
I'm going to drown my sorrows since susan boyle came second  diversity were good but thought she had it in the bag! Shaun smith  #bgt
In Marquette...loving it here!!! Does not want to leave 2maro  !!!
In math 
In math bored to death 
in math class waiting for lunchhhhhhhh. seniors are done in fifteen minutes 
In math! hate it 
in math. natalies piercing my ear after school! working at 5 
in Math..not doin anything bored... 
In Mauritius now -  ocean, wife, daughter, great food, bliss, zzzzzzzzz  all around  and this damn Internet and the cell phone 
in media doing coursework even though im falling asleep 
In Media Lab C messing with the 02R/96 desk waiting for people. Must get a G4 soon or I will go mad, want ProTools Mix|24 running 
In Melbourne at the hotel about to go to work  grrrr.... on a Sunday grrrrrrrrrrrrr
In Memory of one of the coolest kittehs around!: http://twurl.nl/ufbwm8 - I miss you, Gracie! Can't believe it's been 2 yrs already! 
In Memphis, in my bed. It's nice to be home, but I'd rather be with my boyfriend. 
In Morrisons. Most useless article in the world. Man who can't make his wife laugh 
in mourning . . . no one died so dont freak out. 
In much pain before puppy training, might not go.  Why can't cuteness heal all ills? That would be rad.
in Murfreesboro @ appointment REALLY need  to be in franklin. Like now 
In my bed all alone... I hate being punished.                goodnite loveys http://myloc.me/4pst
in my bed trying helplessly to breathe out of my nose without coming across the itchy need to sneeze  allergies suck many things.
In my case... With really bad writing and a bad sense of humor 
In my country ppl actually think it's a good idea to make political advertisement using a #Batman logo  http://twitpic.com/3kzl8
In my dreams, you're the one who keeps me asleep on nights where I can care less if I woke up again  gshdkghdkfhds gsdgdbgkdj gosh
I'm going to eat dinner now  Tyn is ugly  - http://tweet.sg
I'm going to enjoy this day! Although buddy got bit by some strange dog yesterday 
I'm going to Epcot then Hollywood Studios and then I must pack for the travel home. 
i'm going to fail in my exam today 
IM GOING TO FEISTA TEXAS ON FRIDAY! but i have to wake up early the day after school is out 
I'm going to gain so much weight staying inside my house. 
I'm going to get read. I'm worried! 
I'm going to get the bag.. and sure i will pay 200$ now 
i'm going to give it all you've got 4 hours later than planned. 
I'm going to give it another half an hour and then I'm giving up 
I'm going to go back to being selfish... that seems to work better for me... p.s. can't sleep 
I'm going to go lay down before my head explodes. 
im going to go look at puppies at the humane society... mr. puggerton is waiting... and he is adorable. i wish i could get him 
Im going to go to church now(youth stuff) even though most of my friends are on a misson trip  Post IAIO when I get back.(5 hours lol)
i'm going to go watch stardust, because i can't sleep. 
I'm going to have dinner alone tonight. 
I'm going to have Zydrate Anatomy stuck in my head for the rest of my life. It makes me miss Chelsea. She always liked Graverobber. 
In my eden with hard rock music tv...shame have to go out quickly:lot of things to do 
In my first life(young)I wz a hooferâ€”So canâ€™t believe I missed the very beginning part of the Tonnyâ€™s opening act   Billy Elliot?
in my house now..school opens on 3rd june..missing abu dhabi a lot...  ):
In my learning for life and work class, could things get any more boring? Shame Peter Facinelli lost his bet  Oh well, maybe next time ;]
in my life, theres been heartache and pain (8), i miss you 
in my mouth! I almost threw up! It tasted so gross! NEVER EAT IT! Tasted good at first but so not worth the outcome. 
In my office 
in my own bed now 
in my room watching VH1 and thinking about how fucked up my boyfriend is me 
in my room yet my fingers are frozen while typing this. Cold cold cold. I might be working later than I thought. 
In my room... Nothin to do 
In MY town TORONTO and I missed out  oh well her and selena had an awesome time at the premiere and CRASHING a highschool prom! Ahaha...
in n out, tacos from a random lonchera, and pizza all in less than 24hrs...lol...&amp;&amp; i'm starving right now!!!!! tsk tsk i'm bad! 
in nc waiting to board my flight... flordia was magical I'm sad to leave 
In need of 2 new knees. Mine have cracked the shits in the cold 
in need of a bevie after work I think, what a Monday 
in need of a boyfriend   SOOOO bored!!!  lol
In need of a hug...just heard some sad new...R.I.P Uncle Pete 
In need of a major back and leg massage! I can't move! 
In need of a skin for my Bold. I noticed a scratch on mine.. F*CK! 
In need of an airport friendly, and hopefully slightly stylish bag for my pooch---no doggie designer stuff anywhere around here!  
in need of facial mask.  recommendations twitterers??
In need of more coffee 
in need of sleep!!!!!! but I can't 
In need of some motivation! Or is it just the post lunch dip?? The nice weather is not helping either... 
in need to print a WHOLE EQUADOREAN FOREST 
In neros with @markbrown83 ... Time to go home soon... Booo! 
I'm going to hit the sack now with my belly full.. not good.. but am just too damn sleepy to wait or give a little push up..f*k it..sedih 
I'm going to KILL him.                My candy 
i'm going to kill myself in 5 hours when i have to get up for work.  goodnight.
i'm going to leave my squishy for 8 hours!!!! 
i'm going to make cookies singin' potential breakup song without @Pepsi_girl, and that sucks 
I'm going to make my mom take me to Hot Topic. The clearance section is 50% off so vans and converse are like $10! We all know I'm cheap. 
im going to meeting and then getting stuff redy to go bck to dds 
I'm going to miss @kaylafacee today 
Im going to miss all you cwru kids, new and old.  forget goodbyes. More like see you later, yes!
im going to miss dance 
I'm going to miss Edie on Desperate Housewives 
I'm going to miss him 
i'm going to miss jaks for 3 weeks 
im going to miss joana banias 
im going to miss keeping up with the kardashians tonight  shame on me!
im going to miss khyy so much 
I'm going to miss my best friend  I can't believe he's leaving...
im going to miss nick so much! 4 days!! 
I'm going to miss Paeds so much...  I abhor the dizzy days coming until I'm back doing outpatients... Boo!
I'm going to miss season 2 of True Blood 
I'm going to miss Sebastian's bitter Lilly-fueled rants. 
I'm going to miss seeing Meeks in blue. 
im going to miss the DR  see you in august ;)
Im going to miss the puppets 
I'm going to miss The Unusuals. 
im going to miss tuesday tank day tomorrow 
I'm going to miss you French fries with extra salt and ketchup 
Im going to my cousins graduation and my moms  perfume is sufficating  
I'm going to need the power of dreams for this run........I can see it becoming the power of nightmares  TOO HOT!!!!!!!!!!
i'm going to Paris today...and guess what...I'M ILL!!!  so not fair. they better let me on that plane. oh and @stacepoynter i'll try ;)
in new York but missing Tay cause he's at a show 
In no way am I pissed off that matt is in Ibiza and I'm in work 
In Norway the clock is 12.28 AM now, and I can't sleep  Drank an energy drink, hope it helped xD Hmm, what can I do.. yes music! &lt;3
In not looking forward to the Graphic Design Essay which is due before the end of term, your bloody kiddin' me! 
In Nottingham visiting UK Online Centres. Saw one really great one: Go Digit All in The Meadows. No website  will blog about it later
in OC til Wednesday. its raining now 
In office on saturday.. 
In Office.. 
In one week I have dropped my iPhone twice. One little scratch on the bottom 
In Oslo. Just got connected to the wireless net. It`s actually raining here  But a lot of fun though
In other news (as the far too many of my tweets are about marking these days!) - my graze box hasn't arrived.  
In other news, it's so hot outside!!! 
In other news, leg cramps in your calves hurt. A lot. 
in other news, the da vinci code sucks a lama's balls.....
in other news...i'm loving the hangover soundtrack and movie! sad the whole thing's not on itunes 
In other news...Rob Pattinson is no longer single... I'm devastated 
In other news: the weather in Pittsburgh has gone from gorgeous to drab and dreary.  Goo on face itches. Laundry awaits. MORE COFFEE!
in other news: today: supposed to be me and my homie... just me... no homie 
In other words, I'm running out of money 
in other words...god I'll miss praha  so very very much
in other words...this evening i am NOT locked in 
I'm going to pass out and die of boredom 
I'm going to passout alone in my bed. That's so much less fun than how I was passing out a week ago. 
i'm going to pig out on ice cream and potato chips 
im going to prague on saturday. airport. im not flying away though 
Im going to put on a terrible amount of wieght  time to stop eating.
I'm going to sa 
im going to school!!! physic avaliation today 
I'm going to school, God saves me!!!!! 
im going to see Angel and Demons cause Star Trek never come out in mexico 
I'm going to see my sick friend west. He stayed at my house a few days and now he's sick. I say it was the mold! 
i'm going to Sharks Bay....hmm wonder why they call it that?..i'm scared of sharks  love em though, would be cool to see one.
I'm going to sick 
i'm going to sleep 
I'm going to sleep all day today.  please don't call me.
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend! because next week I have to study too much 
im going to sleep and to enjoy the weekend, because next week I have to study too much 
im going to sleep cuz i haven't slept in the last idunno... 24hrs 
im going to sleep early tonight. im so tired. 2moro gotta wake up earlier than usual. 
im going to sleep now . its monday - going to accomplish something on my to do list today ! (making 2 minute noodles at my uni) haha lame 
i'm going to sleep now ... My vacation is neer and i need to spend it with a frind  ... i'm looking ... any1 ?
im going to sleep soon. at 22, i sleep at 10pm when I'm suppose to be out partying. hahaha i age too fast 
I'm going to sleep, before my head goes *POP* !! 
I'm going to sleep, but before, I'll be praying for the people of the Air France flight.. 
I'm going to sleep. 
I'm going to sleep. Goodnight i have to work nine to two tomorrow. Meaning no  facebook or twitter. 
im going to sleep. my skin hurts 
I'm going to start revision tonight; lots of tests next week 
im going to stop butchering the spanish language now lol i should have studied it more in high school 
i'm going to stop following some of you guys because...i can't keep up with all these tweets 
I'm going to study... 
im going to take a shower xD its 7.04pm xD tomorrow school &amp; math! 
I'm going to the beach today.  i wanted to go downtown.
I'm going to the heartbreak hotel! 
i thhhhhhhiink im the only girl from carson high who doesnt have a baby! or is followin behind some nigga that aint shit! its sad to see 
I thhink I managed to bruise my nose with my glasses yesterday. My nose really hurts now 
I think #nickdarcy got a raw deal! Another champion leaves the pool. 
I think #qaf is starting to rival #x-files as my favorite tv show.  Tragic that neither are on tv anymore 
I think &lt; 3 hours of sleep + a cold = dimming of my #pens stanley cup glow.  
i think ... do u think is funny 2 play to me? 
i think ... i really love you sweet boy 
I think @Cztron made me sick this morning LOL  
I think @DavidArchie didn't see all my tweets to him CAUSE SO MUCH PEOPLE TWEET HIM... 
I think @jonathanrknight just broke my heart 
I think @maureenjohnson gave merge LeakyFlu but it could be the BEA cold! 
I think @msPonita that they are tightening up the firwall at work and more and more is getting blocked.  I can manage... 
i think @nowhammystop conspires to shaft me and @banderson17 with work every pens game 
I think @TraeIsaac mad at me...no phone call.  Oh well, my baby will be alright..ass
I think 4 years of diet pepsi is gettin to me... Ive been trying ta switch over to iced tea nd water fora year now. 
i think 90% of the irish population of manchester have come to my house today yet none of them are the 1 person i want to see 
im going to the walk in. i feel like garbage 
I'm going to the zoo early today and I hope they don't call me off with this thunder... Otherwise I'm stuck not doing NN because its full 
I'm going to travel trough the country, so I will not post so much in a week or so  See you soon guys
Im going to try to get over my hurt. Men can be so hurtful. 
I'm going to watch new excellent movie : Ghosts of Girlfriends Past ... 2morrow is a new day, but today was a big waste of time 
I'm going to watch the last few episodes of Skins 3...this better get good soon!! 
im going to Wichita for the weekend then leaving Cambria in Oklahoma with Daniels mom for the week! im gunna be lost without her  iLy CLW!
Im going to work 
I'm going to work 
i'm going, to schooooooool! do i sound like I'm excited to go to school? yes? good. because i'm not. 
i'm gona be bored shitless tonight 
Im gona run my FAT out now.Too much gd food e past few days   &amp; tmr.mini-mini marathon followby semi gd food i guessed.u know ann 
Im gone miss my bust it babies thats graduating this year.  Awwww man. Lol.
I'm Gone need yall to quit throwing sets on Fridays  I be missing everything now since I got that gig on fridays grrrrrr
I'm gone. I haven't been feeling well since I got home.  Hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow. Peace!
In paaaaaiiinn  Waiting for Jodie so we can walk to school. V. warm. Have far too many weekend tweets to re-read :s
In pain &amp; still over all exhausted 
In pain again  got one test sat and ultra sound in 2 weeks :s
in pain b/c of tooth, goin to dentist @ 10:45am, then back thursday 4 the HARD parts...I'm scared b/c I have to do all this shit alone 
In pain, cant sleep  therefore, occupying myself with knock knock jokes? Yes.
in pain, really sore back, worked too hard at work this morning 
IN PAIN. my big toe got stamped on during the hokey cokey. it hurts so much! anyone have any suggestions to help with it?  
in pain.. and bummed i missed last night 3 hours of pure goodness, Smackdown, Raw and ECW  .. i hate my life rite now. lol JK.
in painnn  and just watched the mist, real gutted for the bloke at the end!
In palm bay !  -- wishin I was with that very black boy! Lol -- [RiP RYAN]
In pareira south America boarding plane number 3. Sh*t they said something about my flight on Spanish  me no comprendae
In Paris saw the Eiffel Tower, the outside of the Louvre (it was closed so we couldn't go in on Tuesday  ), the Sacre Coeur...
in perth on holiday...but im missing my boy  xx
In philly for shitty meeting with shitty organisation  such a waste
In physics class!  http://myloc.me/2scR
in physics on annoying laptop 
in physics review 
in Port Dickson now! omg DEADLIEST TOWN EVEr! someone save me 
In Portugaaal! Leaving soon tho 
in practice nw sadly  x
in prep for Half Blood Prince, i reread HBP and Deathly Hallows and teared when Dumbledore and Fred and Snape died. so sad! 
in pretty much bored rite now. 
In pune for a few hours. How can the weather be so much better just 140kms away?! 
In pune wind is blowing too slow from East Side  my room is getting hotter 
In quarintine  stupid Melbourne airport
in Radio-i.....  i want to go hooooome!!!!!!! so hungry and sleeeeeeepy :o
in response to an earlier twit: be thankful that your whip was still there, @danyelletauryce...mine was stolen a week ago 
In romford, feet still sore from last night 
in San Jose, can't find Lagunitas anywhere  about to try a beer called fat weasel. crossing my fingers it doesn't suck. NEW POST!
I'm goning nite nite. I am watching The Strangers with my Ex and his Bff. I know, I know. I'm always with him lol he won't go home 
Im gonna be all aloooone  u never actually think youd miss a sibling till theyr leaving lol
I'm gonna be brave and log on to .com and lend some support to the Australian gals. I hope its not getting ugly over there. 
I'm gonna be bummed if the Pens trade Talbot!! 
I'm gonna be home alone all day tomorrow  come entertain me! 
I'm gonna be ill if Joan Rivers wins; she &amp; Melissa are SO ANNOYING 
I'm gonna be old for a little bit and take a nap before work. I'm tired 
im gonna be sad in the morning!!! 
i'm gonna be so busy the next couple of days.  i might not be on twitter much, but i love you all so have a great week &amp; listen to LVATT!
im gonna be up all night working  company from anyone will be gladly accepted
I'm gonna brush my teeth noww  Its a chore.
I'm gonna cry  I only did a 4 club hop tonight  It was supposed to be 8 !!! Ugh I hate it
I'm gonna cry @SARALOVESNICHOL and it's your fault !  I love you !!
I'm gonna cry if they lose.. 
I'm gonna cry like a big ass baby if my team don't win.. 
im gonna cry my way through media tommorow, cry my way through revision history, and cry my way thru hist exam 
I'm gonna cry. Just saw a recently ran over cat. 
I'm gonna die from this headache  ^
im gonna do the dishes then go to sleep. 
im gonna fail all my exams and then im never going to see @tinchystryder perform.. 
I'm gonna fail math unless I study with somebody who knows what they're doing 
I'm gonna fail my exam later 
im gonna fail my GCSE'S next year!  
I'm gonna get 3 shots right now 
I'm gonna get a bruise when I wake up. I hit my knee on the wall 
I'm gonna get damn fat. I ate a lot today. More than whati usually eat 
Im gonna get ready now then im gonna do my homework Oh joy 
im gonna go crazy...there is nothing on, and all the movies i own i've seen like 6 times  and nemo comes on at 8 YES! finally a good thing
i'm gonna go do errands by myself  i hate being old.
im gonna go to asda and buy games that will distract me from studying, my prospectus for Abertay arrived today, 4 higher B's are needed 
im gonna go to work fineberg..sorry your disapointed in me  go lakers &amp; celtics!!!!!
I'm gonna go work now. I dry my tears cause of @jaycantu 
im gonna go2 bed as soon as t is show goes off im sooo tried  gotta make the donuts n tha morning
Im Gonna Hate It When I Hear People Who Went To Wembley Saying How Awesome It Was Tonite 
Im gonna have a long week! Gotta work Saturday 
I'm gonna have a really long night! sleeping on a chair... 
I'm gonna have to do it anyway  So, I'm gonna try to impress them!!!
im gonna have to get up early tomorrow. the thought of that isn't too delightful. 
i'm gonna have to miss @friskyupdater again. 
i'm gonna have to resit them all  
I'm gonna have to say I'm skipping the collectibles in Prototype damn do i have collectibles 
i'm gonna head to work. then from there to work again. well wish i wasn't working  i want a lazy dvd day 
I'm gonna join the trending topic and say: I WISH I WAS IN DALLAS, RIGHT NOW!!!! ... in front row? ok, don't be picky ilse, JUST THERE! 
I think a certain someone can be very mean 
i think a fever's coming 
I think a tear drop just fell down 
i think about so much things how should i concentrate? i loves him and what about him ? did he or 
i think after being home from holiday for 3 days, it's about time i unpack my suitcase 
i think Alfred is dead but I'm too scared to check 
I think all that buttery popcorn i ate has finally taken a toll on my body  i feel so sick!
i think alot of us cried yesterday. but we need to get over it  @mileycyrus didnt mean to start all this hate. so finsih it. 
i think baby elle has an eye infection-calling the doc in a few hours. it doesnt appear to be bothering her  still feel bad tho...
I think billy called me and i missed it. NO. 
I think Brightkite is not updating my Twitter  - http://bkite.com/08wNB
I think Cairon should go. I feel sorry for Halfwit 
i think chatroom is sorted, its going to be really sad to see it go tomorrow  still pissed about what happened with COLOUR OF DECIET
i think cityhall was really sad today 
I think Coal has a serious skin disease..  Must visit a vet this weekend.
I think DAREDEVIL TUESDAY may have died a death 
I think Dhoni missed a trick not bowling his spinner &quot;R Ashwin&quot; - poor fella didn't bowl at all  #IPL
i think elenor is sick or incapable of swimming properly,she is lying in the bottom of her tank, petco 
I think Emma's goddamn ignoring me so she avoids saying she doesn't want to go tonight 
I'm gonna losing you 
I'm gonna mis twitter for da week .. I can't use it til Saturday... I'll miss u twitter        
I'm gonna miss bamboozle  sitting in the hotel lobby about to leave
I'm Gonna Miss Being Here When I Leave, 
I'm gonna miss Jay Leno hosting the Tonight Show! 
I'm gonna miss my bff when she goes off to Romania for MONTH!! 
I'm gonna miss my boyfriend when she goes to seattle.  
I'm gonna miss my city and my house 
I'm gonna miss my sandz this weekend 
I'm gonna miss playing games with those girls. 
I'm gonna miss Primeval, why must all the good shows get axed 
im gonna miss richard, hes only been away since yesterday and i already miss him 
I'm gonna miss Runs house again  attempting to shave my legs..that cut on my leg is gonna hurt 
I'm gonna miss this place. 
Im gonna miss Ty when he leaves 
i'm gonna punch someone in the face. i want him to come home already. 
I'm gonna say goodbye to my colorful nail polish in just a few minutes.... 
im gonna sheeed, im working with the she devil tomorrow  mehh niight x
I'm gonna shut up here soon coz have to take at least a week off after another health scare  God how I hate the 21st century
I'm gonna sing the I hate my life song right now, because I hate my life right now  Escape por favor.
I'm gonna sleep for another hour then go gym n for a swim!! still got my headache from last night tho! 
I'm gonna sleep... I've got no mood to work!  I realli need to work hard tomorrow!
I'm gonna start coming on this more ofte... I have been neglecting it 
I'm gonna take a COLD shower and then back to hell at work....the sign room 
I'm gonna take a nap. I don't think they're gonna feed me anytime soon... 
I think everyone has left me to my lonesome. HELP!!!! I can't wear self down enough to sleep 
I think freddie(Halfwit) will go 
I think german boardie meeting is cancelled 
I think girls are sometimes the most cruel people alive. It's sad that my best guy friend is being hurt like this 
i think goin 4rm that humid weather and nto tha air konditioning everyday is messin wit mah sinuses 
I think HA may need to recruit some more Nooglers 
I think he might not b that into me. Still no word. 
I think he's mad at me and I don't even know why. He's been ignoring me for almost two days. 
I think i already blew out my headphones. After what? Three weeks? Damn 
I think I already have enough photos of salmon with Pommery mustard to create a blog post -- sans camera 
I think i also twisted my ankle a bit... 
I think I am afraid of my computer. I haven't turned it on sine Thursday night. 
I think I am getting sick  Dayquil to the rescue!
I think I am getting sick. Sucks. Supposed to head for the falls tomorrow!  I hope this is just nothing.
i think i am getting the dreaded common cold.  
I think I am going to be sick this effing back piss off 
I think I am going to go see a movie by myself. I'm not sure if I am cool enough to get away with it though 
I think i am gonna be sick.  
I think I am having the worst day of my life 
i think i am ill  
i'm gonna try again, hopefully get jon, otherwise moving on to another quiz, lol.  
I'm gonna try this thing called sleep for about 3 hours before I gotta get up and do it all again 
i'm gonna try to go back to sleep  my head is killing me 
I'm gonna watch Star Wars attack of the clone. Haha. Still can't find my GG cd 
i'm gonnna buy a new camera, little sis used my old camera and now it's gone 
I'm graduating on the worst possible day. No friends can make it 
I'm graduating tomorrow 
I'm guessing Facebook and Twitterific apps aren't compatible with the new iPhone 3.0 software? Mine keep crashing 
im guessing i didnt win the contest to meet alyssa milano 
im guessing midnight was not the time of the release 
I'm guilty 2  --&gt;T @vanessaveasley: #haveyouever Taken someones number out your phone so you wouldn't be temped to call them? Guilty!
I'm guilty. I like Kiss Me Thru the phone. 
I'm Guna KILL HIm! He Shot My Bunny  ... Has Any1 Got A Nuclear Bom I Cud Borrow???? lol ly xx
im gunna be leaving 4 a tourny in like 2 hours im soooo excited! we get to stay in a hotel sorry liv i cant go 2 ur games  but mabes afta
im gunna fail so bad tomorrow  need my brother to help me finish this god damn assignment -_-
Im gunna miss ryan and nate...   half of my best friends are leaving.
In San Marcos all by my lonesome.  All while my friends, best friend, and boyfriend get to have fun. Boo to stats tests on Saturday morn.
in santa clara a long way from hoe, well not that far. it sure seems like it. 
In SC again today but no sunshine yet 
In school  no summer for me 
in SchOol ! Madddd Don't Think im Graduatinqq 
In school ; With Victoria &amp; Bryan (: _ no more school soon, sadd i am 
In School Haha :p Technology  Will Twitter Later People xx
in school meant to be doing boilodgy work fun 
In school now. Doing work. Uhhhhhhhhh 
In school on my phone again, just got a top up, so warm! Too tired 
in school really bored, wud rather be at home! double science this mornin 
in school with the girls at geography classes  so boring!!
in school! i cant get the password to get wireless on my phone  im going to ask mrs.driver 
in school.  this sucksss!
in science   16more dayys (L)
in science class right now... urgh... stupid project.. don't wanna go to track after school! too tired!  lol
In science....this class blows. 
in SD and cant sleep. and Lani is kickin me in her sleep. why does everyone sleep on the couch? 
In search for a new camera with soft flash.. Wish I didn't break my old one from Asia. Australia sucks &amp; so does my current camera 
In search of a good Fish Taco in Toronto - do they even exist here?? 
In Seattle here come the tears. Miss you grandpa 
In seek of heating pad, my back hurts for some reason. 
In SHOCK :o  :'(
In Sidi Ifni. Agadir was amazing. pretty badly sunburned 
In sitting in french Pissed of cuz im sitting on my own 
i think i am sick. 
I think I am with fever. The medication that is making me sleepy 
i think i angered the internet cause i have a lot of junk mail!!!10 new mails in this morn woo! window estimates from experts!?!?! ....no 
I think I answered my bio homework wrong o__O so confused 
I think I ate my lunch too fast.. I feel sick now 
I think I ate some bad sweet potato fries... 
i think i ate to much 
I think i ate to much  i'm feeling sick... And baby boo deployed so it aint the good kinda sick 
i think i av a cold 
I think I bricked my phone  Ill fix this phone somehow
I think I broke another laptop power chord.  That shit's $80.
I think I broke my back 
I think I broke my finger this morning. I think I am going to lose my nail at least.. 
i think i broke my finger. 
I think i broke my hand 
I think I broke my middle toe at the gym today 
I think I broke my phone 
I think I broke the leg of a frog mowing the lawn and I feel absolutely horrible. I'm just glad I didn't kill it. 
I think I can do so many weekz without THE GAME ...I miss that show  ...especially Derwin sexy self ..now Im living the SHOW lol
I think i caught a cold last night.  wish i were tucked in bed instead of at work. Hope it doesn't get busy.
I think I caught a cold. Feel bad &amp; weird throat thing happening. 
I think i could watch transformers online, but it wouldnt be much funn, prolly coudlnt evan see it  ill just have to wait GAHHH.
i think i cracked my knuckle  only dumb asses box with loose wraps and no gloves.
I think I cracked my neck... I can't even move 
I think I cut my tongue,it hurts but this candy is so good,damn you good disneyland candies 
I think I did okay on my Math Test today. I really really really hope I did. If I didn't I swear I will get SO mad at myslef. 
I think I did something to this Sunday's mom in another life. It tried to kill me with butter a bit ago&amp;just now with my own soda.... 
I think I divulged too much information about how I feel about someone to that someone I'm scared I fucked it all up. Way to go me 
i think i do need tweethab  i got mad when someone else was tweeting alot earlier lol!
I think I done okay in the English exam. I didn't get to number by answers though. Lets hope they dont mark me down! 
I think I don't know how to use this  x
I think I drank too much coffee today, coz now I can't sleep 
I think I drank too much water  no good
I think I drink too much coffee ! 
I think I drowned my Ipod in Diet Soda. Not good. I hope it dries out and works 
i think i failed my science exam 
i think i failed my second exam. arrghhh. 
I think I feel a hive coming on my cheek. 
I think I fell asleep with dust or cat hair in my eyes because I woke up with them looking puffy and swollen.  itchy eyes of doom!!!!!
Im gunna miss when u leave its gunna be hard to find another guy like you  it finally hitting me!
i'm gunna sunbathe on the random patches of grass, cause i dont have a garden 
Im gunna tell my friends about twitter so they will sign up for it 2 , cos i only hav one friend  i think they will like it .... x
I'm gutted as Everton Ladies have lost the league on goald difference 
I'm gutted I didn't get paid today, self employment sucks, so I can't go to the mooovies  I'm so sad already...didn't need this! Oh well.
im gutted im not at ascot wid @Lucy_Dodds 
I'm gutted my car has been written off, why can't people look when they pull out especially when my babies were in the back 
i'm gutted now, not allowed to watch BGT finale, because my stepdads got the stupid football on!!  .. going home tomorrow 
I'm gutted! I don't think Yasmina will win now !  #Apprentice
IM HALF CASTE CHRISTIANNNN IM STUCK INT HE DOORWAY TO HEAVEN BECUASE I HAVNTED BEEN CONFIRMED YET. oh shat 
I'm half way through my exams hip hip hip hooray....but why is it dull out? It should be sunny, SUNNY on the one day i could go outside! 
I'm half way thru my packing for hawaii. missing all my bali stuff I left in jkt. 
I'm half way up  I hate Mondays almost as much as I hate getting up from awesome dreams
i'm hangry!   as always.
im happy but im also sad coz everyone else is 
Im happy coz i just got twiiter and finally figured it out but im shattered that i have school tomorrow 
Im Happy Cuz Im feeling Glad I Got Sunshine In A Bag - Clint Eastwood By The Gorrillaz Cant Find It On Blip 
I think I fell sick. Have cold n cough 
I think I forgot not sure but IDK if I told you but my msn messenger won't let me sign in anymore 
I think I found my next apartment! Now I just have to tell my wonderful landlords that I'm leaving them  I love them 
I think I gave myself food poisoning    I just threw up like 3 times....dammit!!!
I think i going to fall sick sooon  Keep sneezing, wapiang!
I think I got a head cold  --[ pause that? Idk, lol ]
i think i got face wash in my eyes.. they kinda burn 
I think I got food poisoning from a midnight run to IHop 
i think i got food poisoning...  i've been puking for a good hour now  *Shattered*
i think i got my ebay account suspended 
I think I got spam on twitter by adding myself to wefollow.com  not a good idea!
i think i got sunburn 
I think i got sunburned from doing too much unprotected walking outside today  www.myspace.com/godframe
I think I got the baby blues 
I think I gotta ice the shins. 
i think i had too much caffeine last night. couldnt sleep for crap 
I think I had too much ice cream for dessert. 
I think i hate summer.......  
I think I have 5 mins to talk until I have to get sons BB stuff in the wash. HI ALL!! lol I miss Twittering 
I think i have a blister. And i still haven't found the mag  searched 9 places already - http://tweet.sg
i think i have a bruise on my arm, but i can't see it yet. it hurts. 
I think I have a bug - my throat hurts 
I think I have a bug bite on my face -_- it's so hot  I want to be at the beach
I think I have a cold on the way!  
I think I have a cold sore or a heat blister on my lip, its sore 
I think I have a cold....I have the aches 
I think I have a cold?! how the hell is that when its been hot?! and im stick inside doing revision 
i think i have a fever 
I think I have a fever. 
I think I have a fever. I feel like shit. SHIT. Zzz 
i think i have a little bit of glass in my foot 
I think I have a little headache  maybe becuz I have to study History..? :o)
i think i have a sleeping problem seeing as i havent been able to sleep for a week 
I think I have a terrible curse. I can't find a goddamn job. Fml. 
I think I have an abcess on my gum, no wonder it hurts, they can't pull the darn thing out now til it's healed 
im happy that my baby qot a job but ima miss him crazy much tonite!  .. hurry back cooka butt!
I'm happy to sleep in my own bed, but  not happy that it means I'm home. For at least a month before I get to leave town again. Boo 
I'm hate this weather. It's 102 degrees outside right now. I can never leave Oregon. 
im hating the fact that its constantly windy and keeps raining 
i'm hating this hardcore. 
I'm hating this weather, too fracking cold  I need someone to CGI me some fluffy clouds.
I'm have to go, I have to sleep.. and tomorrow school  I hate school. Good Night twitters &lt;3
I'm have to go.. to the stationary  BRB
Im havin a damn hard time fallin asleep, yet again...I can only wonder why 
I'm havin music withdrawals...speakers dead too 
I'm having a bad day 
I'm having a bad day. 
I'm having a beer in San Francisco goodbye California 
i'm having a cold  soo boring i just hate it.....gonna rest now bye
i'm having a good time in colorado! but I miss my joshy 
i'm having a hard time dealing with linear equations :l my brain is gonna explode.gosh 
I'm having a hard time falling back asleep!  I have to get up for work in 2 hours! Ugh!!!
I'm having a hard time going to sleep.  @ High St &amp; Orange St http://loopt.us/pK9qzQ.t
I'm having a hard time grasping the fact that he's gone and is not coming back. I miss you Daniel...you and your long ass crazy stories. 
I'm having a hard time sleeping these days. My body won't seem to let me sleep for more than 6 hours 
I'm having a hard time watching my baby sis be in soooo much pain....my poor baby 
im having a hard tym using twitter 
im having a headache  thats why im gonna go to bed now xx
I'm having a horrible week 
I'm having a light asthma attack 
in skype v can import only thru yahoo m outlook not gmail 
In so much pain all day... 
in so much pain right now, not feeling well at allll   
in so much pain right now.   
in so much pain..got into a car accident yesterday afternoon  my poor car is done
In soo much pain 
iN Sooo Much Pain...This Sunburn Ain't No Joke 
In soooo much pain....my feet hurt a lot for some weird reason....I hope I'm not diabetic  need to get on excercising and diet mode!!!
In sooooo much pain! What's wrong with me? 
In Spanish till 10 pm  in Austin, TX http://loopt.us/-fGd8Q.t
In Spanish with no one 
in spare... doing pretty much nothing... still confused... and still upset about sugarland cancelling!! 
in study break doing absolutely nothing becuse i lost my pen  but on the brightside ..LAST FULL DAY!
In such a bad/sad/mad mood. FML. 
In such a shit mood 
in sunshine coast with kassie(my love). home tomorrow night 
in super bad mood now  cos i WANT TO COLOUR MY HAIR FOR THE MILLIONTH TIME! ishishish. still have english hw to do :'(
In tacoma all by myself 
In Taipei, thinking about what to have for dinner. My stomach doesn't feel right today!  
In Taiwan now. I miss Jami 
in tears  i just cant leave...
in tears about iran, this MUST end well or else...  #iranelection
In terms of pictures, always the bridesmaid, never the bride... 
In Texas ..Two good Ranger  Wins and One Ranger loss 
i'm having a mental breakdown. CRRRYY. 
I'M HAVING A PRO-TOOLS ISSUE... WHY IS DIGIDESIGN CLOSED ON SATURDAY?!  SMH
I'm having a really bad case of missing that boat today...wish I was there 
I'm having a really bad day, for some reason I'm upset and I don't know why 
i'm having a really boring time 
im having a really really shite day. all plans changed and got given  bombshell news too  
I'm having a runny nose.   http://twitpic.com/7zssl
I'm having a sad moment. 
I'm having a serious blink 182 addiction! Why isn't greatest hits in my ipod 
I'm having a shit day!! need to go home soon i think..?? feeling sad  miss everyone!!
im having a strong craving for jamba juice right now. Too bad its 1030pm 
I'm having a toothache   I dont wanna c the dentist....but I think imma have to 
im having a twitter withdrawl, i just cant ffunction like i used to.   damn these busy weekends 
I'm having all sorts of technical problems today 
Im having an indecisive day, can`t choose what to eat/do. Wish I was still in bed 
I'm having another enneagram related identity crisis...I do this every so often and I'm getting tired of it, it never helps anything 
I'm having another Panic Attack 
I'm having ciwwaf withdrawal 
I'm having da time of my life but is it just a fantasy? Am I dreaming? N how long will it last? 
I'm having dramas getting up and going for Mrs Luv 
Im having frozen healthy choice meal n cherries 4 dinner 
im having implantation bleeding of pregnancy. not fun. thought i was having a miscarrige. 
I'm having Internet connections and I really need to speak to @mattchewww. 
I'm having issues with a certain someone. I'd like to have her in my life, more than just as a friend....It'll never work unfortunately.  
i'm having Lypeatt &amp; Marley withdrawal symptoms. i keep getting very sad about not seeing everyone again. 
I'm having major iPhone issues today and have resorted to a full restore wich is taking ages 
I'm having my wisdom teeth taken out next friday. 
I'm having one of those days!!! 
I think I have an ear infection 
I think I have arachnophobia and arachnophelia 
I think I have broken my toe 
i think i have bronchitis again 
I think I have bronchitis. I can't breathe very well and this keeps happening. I feel miserable. My chests hurts from gasping for air. 
i think i have carpal tunnel syndrome 
I think I have damaged my hip at the gym! Therefore, I'm going again today  to finish the job.  Only way to get that replacement! 
I think I have failed the calculus practice... One more exam to go then 
i think i have flu 
I think I have food poisining  I will never go to Todai again!
I think I have food poisoning. 
I think I have had too much coffee today and my stomach hurts a little. 
I think i have hayfever 
I think i have hayfever ....or a cold, damn 
I think I have insomnia for real, or just a vamperic way of cycling my sleep patterns... 
I think I have lice. my heads been itchy for weeks!!! 
I think I have new teeth coming in  it hurrrrttsss
I think I have ocd, I'm addicted to &quot;Notorious&quot; the movie , CocaCola and mtv.com 
I think I have post-Auchengillan blues. I want to go back now please, kthnx. 
I think i have strep again  right tonsil is swollen and it hurts to swallow
i think i have strep throat. 
i think i have strep throat...will go to urgent care. 
i think i have sun poisoning.. not happy 
i think i have swine flu 
I think I have swine flu!  
i think i have swiney 
i think i have the flu!!!  BUT I'M IN CANBERRA!! yay!!!!!
I think I have the swag flu....correction: swine flu....I'm sick (and not in the good way!) 
i think i have too many tabs open 
I think I havee a sore thoart comin in  ; but still listenin music .
I think I just ate a piece of moldy bread? In other news my left leg has been getting the chills for the whole day  wtf?
I think I just broke my brother's laptop trying to watch free movies online.   (via #zenjar )
I think I just broke my thumb! 
i think i just broke the interwebs 
i think i just died a little inside as they have stoped making tower burgers at my local kfc  whateva will we do now @shaundiviney?
I think I just fell for a text message scam 
I think I just found my purse soulmate. But its not in my budget 
i think i just had a heart attack!. :O my chest hurts so much 
I'm having probably the worst night of my life. Nowhere for me to crash for the night; probably sleeping in the sky lounge.  
I'm Having School Holiday In My HoME. i'M sO bORED iN mY hOME. 
im having so many problems with my mobile me its unreal 
I'm having some trouble partitioning my external hard drive, i cant get it the way i want it.. 
i'm having such a bad day 
i'm having such a random day 
I'm having sushi withdrawals. someone buy me a spicy crab roll 
I'm having technical difficulties 
I'm having that feeling again... 
I'm having the worst luck with driving 
I'm having the worst time ever here 
im having the worst time trying to fall asleep! I hate this, getting up in five hours too. 
I'm having trouble DLing the transformers movie 
i'm having trouble editing my profile 
I'm having trouble sleeping. 
I'm Having trouble uploading my run to Nike+ site  my new shoes felt really good tho 
Im having trouble with iPhone OS 3.0 
I'm having video card troubles and I can't seem to find the driver that works correctly.. 
I'm having way too much damn fun looking at Chikara stuff. I wish they could come back to Wallingford. 
im havingg a stroongg headachee 
i'm heading out!!! though my tummy still hurts. 
im hearing rolls of thunder... scary  é›·é³´ã?Œè?žã?“ã?ˆã‚‹ã‚„ã? ã?ªãƒ¼
I'm heart broken that @THE_REAL_SHAQ and @LousPonyTail are no more. 
im hella bored af work. visit me  im like fallin asleep n hungry
I think i just had my heartbroken 
I think I just lost my best friend 
I think I just saw a sprite bottle with pee in it in the parking lot. 
I think I just spent the rest of our blow $ for the week, so The Barnes peeps will miss all the Xpt fun at Logans.    ReThinking hurts.
i think i just tweet the real eliza duskhu! but pooff... she's gone 
I think I killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not. 
I think I killed my Creative Zen  Last night I threw it against the kitchen counter in attempt to fix it after it wouldn't reset &gt;_&lt;
I think I killed my IPOD Touch, I threw my credit card down on my desk, then laid IPT on it, went to use it and it is dead, won't turn on 
I think I killed the tadpoles. By accident 
I think I left all the lights off at my house. 
I think I like him.  
I think I like someone whom I am NOT supposed to. 
I think I like tweetie better and twitterific but tweetie is all jakes up with the new iPhone update 
I think I lost 2 followers   Also, I'm covered in glitter. why? because I wanted lips like Hedwig ;)
I think I lost a follower  Hopefully it was a bot and not a real person.
i think i lost my &quot;mojo&quot; quite a long time ago 
i think i lost my blackberry 
i think i lost nearly everyone who was important in my life ... the last ones today   where's my place where did I go wrong? 
I think I love him. I want to love him. Why can't I just say it? 
I think I love you when I know I shouldnt 
I think I make bread better than I make soup !!! 
I think I may  have said thing that could have made some  angry -- sorry for that, truly  
i think i may be allergic to nighttime! that would explain why i can never sleep and always feel unwell! bloody headache &amp; insomnia! 
I think I may be coming down with the flu or something... 
i think i may be getting a migraine.  my head hurts really bad
I think I may cry. I can't sleep. I've been trying for hours and can't fall asleep. I've only had 3 hours in the last 3 days. Make it 4. 
I think I may have @berrybooo's respiratory infection 
I think I may have a hangover from prom.  No more chocolate covered strawberries for me!
I think I may have either a UTI or a bladder infection...both of which suck 
i think i may have food posioning 
i think i may have gone up from a size 4 to a 6 
In Texas. I'm beinf forced 2 the club &amp; u know how I feel about that 
in tha caaaaar on the way to the dorms. bye spring break 
In Tha House, Sore From Working Out...Kinda Missin Special K, thinks hes upset @ me 
In the 40 min I was in the garden planting lettuce, I ended up with 65-70 mosquito bikes.  I am a walking mass of itch.
In the 413 loungin. Soon my new home again! 
In the 70's today but 90's by the end of the week. The weather is tryn to take us down 
In the Apple store on the Plazaaaa. Hope they can fix my laptop 
In the Apprentice Final in 20 mins I want Yasmina to win but I feel like Katie will win!  It's not a huge loss!
In the beautiful mountain of Marathon county, WI. But it's 4 work. 
in the bed...still sick... 
In the booth. Come see me!  please.
In the bus gg bukit batok. met jut earlier on. went school to pass up cwa. saw mr pp. Drank yakult. Came over my place. Bid gdbye. Ahh 
In the bus to boring school 
in the bus, annoyed by a lady who's on the phone since before I got on and she speaks rather loud  giving me headache.
In the capital. fml real gooooooood wish i was in otown 
In the car 
In the car .. 
in the car fo friggen 3 and 1/2 hours.  GREAT AMERICA HERE WE COME. I gotta pee, already 
in the car listening 2 babyface  now i wanna call betcha lol them slow jams always get u
In the car on my way to school!.... In zambia 
In the car waiting for everyone. The seat belt is hurting my sunburn 
I'm here all alone..  on mothers day! the only one who is gonna be home is dad XD hahah
I'm here at home. Bored as hell! 
im here just using now once again my laptop bored  with noothing to do except just wait and see what'll happen later on
I'm here to say again... It's been a month since the Davids left the Philippines!  hahaha! @DavidArchie!
im here until 2pm  lol im already scheduled to do a double shift tonight. oh well.
im here without you 
i'm here! but i'm late 
im here!!! i couldnt get on for 45 minutes....no room for me 
Im hiding from my mom cause she always gets mad at me when i get the hiccups at work 
im high as hell &amp; it made me miss my brotha Dre 
I'm high.. Where can I get something good 2 eat right now?? I'm tired of miami subs 
i'm holding every breath for you 
im home ! i tried reguaging my eyes and found out my right ear hole closed 
I'm home &amp; its pouring. 
I'm HOME ALONE..  Sunset Graduation was fun, then we hitted up Bistro B. and i for my got my Thai Tapioca Tea 
Im home and ahahaha I told my sis Loeras are fucked up  she jusss got into a fight w her bf bahahaha Poor her  but i told her so
I'm home and alive...THANK GOD...I'm thankful to be alive but not thankful my car is totaled and i didn't get to see my friends today 
I'm home and I miss my vacation 
I'm home and I miss New York already. 
Im home from a VERY long weekend :L so tiredddd  sleep in a bizzle ;P x
im home from my mini trip to MI...super boring...but o well...sadly i could not visit anybody...the anybodys include friends and my bf 
I'm home from NJ 
i'm home from peru; i miss it already 
I'm home from the dentist now. Ughh my mouth is numb! 
I'm home from work now. Trying to call Daniel but he doesn't answer his phone     Call me when you read this Daniel!!
In the car with wanda..going to school.. 
in the car with wife and kids. On our way home, back to LinkÃ¶ping again. Britney popping in the speakers 
In the car. Im craving one of those  breakfast taquito things from whataburger 
In the car. With nan 
In the car.. 
In the car......i want my phone 
in the class 
In the country for the w.e. Koala roadkill. 
In the damn doctors office.  hmm
In the damn emergency room with an arm that isn't working right. Tried to see a specialist, but they all told me to come here. 
In the dark......literally.  Power's out. 
In the days of being home I somehow lost my card again!! 
In the drive thru @ mcd's, watching the f!@*ing woman making her order waste away the last ticks on the bkfst menu by using 100 coupons. 
In the early stages of an all-nighter. 
In the emergency room with babygirl...She's sick with the flu or something. As a mother, I feel really bad for her...she looks so sad 
In the ER in Vegas. Possible gall bladder or appendix issue. Missed our tickets to Lion King too. 
in the ER with grammies 
In the er with toni. 
In the ER, no Midnight showing of Transformers for me 
In the ER, probably staying overnight..cant throw up anymore, chest on fire, head throbbing... and ive got 3 IVs in me now... 
in the farewell of Anto 
In the ferry back to singapore! Claudia says she doesn't miss me at all  - http://tweet.sg
In the future I need roommates who also drink and understand that a pitch black house is fucking hard to navigate when you are drunk. I'm 
in the gym .. all aloneee 
In the gym class IS SO COLD 
in the Hibiya room, not the park... 
In the hospital. Getting my gall bladder removed at 4PM. 
in the hospital. My hairs greasy, eww 
in the hotel room uploading pictures...ugh...going home tomorrow 
I'm home from work, but basketball isn't on...  I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO!! 
I'm home now. Got lots to do today. Business, geography and Physics all coming up.  I LOVE EMILOO
i'm home sick  but at least exams are over now XD
I'm home sick people i miss London town   â™« http://blip.fm/~7rmhz
I'm home sick today 
I'm home! Already had a great meal ... if only the Sox could get it in gear 
i'm home! going to take a nap..i'm exhausted...anyone want to hang out later? aww man..nvm! i can't takr a nap. jovani woke up 
I'm home! My sinuses are JACKED up!! 
I'm home, and really sleepy. I guess its because I ate too much 
Im home, i think ive sprained my left hand middle finger 
I'm home, when I really don't want to be... 
I'm home. I should go to bed soon since I'm getting a wake-up call at 9:30AM  five hours of sleep, if I can fall asleep in half an hour...
im home. todays school was pointless, but fun! im pretty tired. i shouldve sleep earlier yesterday 
im home... i'm craving for some noodles. gona try to do some work and then sleepy time. i feel like i ddnt get anything done this weekend 
I'm home... Safely! Lots of hw are waiting for me 
I'm home..alone..passin out..nite yall..had a lil fun..jus lots on my mind..not sad/jus really angry.....won't get best of me....I'm out 
I'm homesick  .i want to go home.why do i come each yr. i always get depressed when i'm in this situation w/the people i'm with.
I'm honestly losing my mind today  yikes
I'm HOOOOOME! 75 degrees &amp; Humid LOVES IT I'm REEEEAAALY mad right now, Sigh) No SF here 
i'm hoping @emmahutcheson wants to see the hangover (: either that or i'm stuffed 
I'm hoping for a nice REM sleep tonight.I dreamt for the first time in a while lastnight and ma ruined it by waking me up.It was good too 
In the house chillin . About to go sumwhere with my BFF . Its boring 
in the house of maca , please honey call me 
In the last 5 days I lost 3 followers 
in the last two days, I've cried for about 12 hours. all of those tears were for one girl. and here come some more.. 
in the library during lunch, nobodys in my lunch today 
in the library with candice, watching her suffer with econ  and me with afro am
in the library, laptops still broken  the techguys collected it early yesterday morning! i didnt know there was another 8 o clock!
In the local and the Toon are losing. 
In the lums doing project ... 
In the massive queue at clinton's, buying a last-minute father's day card with all the other bad children. 
In the meantime Dr., have you read your MySpace TOS? With an attorney? Content/Activity Prohibited, Re.: 8.2,6,7,14,15,16,17,20,26,28,30. 
In the middle of breakfast the school called.Yep...back to get Shey...AGAIN.3rd migraine this week or maybe one that never went away 
In the middle of the gulf of mexico. So fucking sea sick 
In the midst of 30 articles 
in the midst of big apartment scrubdown, found a quarter inch of water pooled underneath our kitchen sink.   thankful i rent, not own.
In the midst of choosing between cramming and, uh, oh wait that's my only choice. 
in the mode to write a song.. but i have nothing to write about... 
In the mood for a fat frog ice pop but they dont make them anymore 
In the mood to watch &quot;The Truth&quot; even though Gillian makes me cry when she makes Scully cry 
I'm hoping I don't have a nightmare tonight about that creepy mutant dragonfly.  
I'm hoping it stays dry for my son's birthday party.... but somehow I think it won't 
I'm hoping its not going to take 20 minutes per DVD..... 
im hoping my doggy is ok, he's spending the nite at the vet 
I'm hoping my little sister is okay after her surgery tomorrow 
I'm hoping to make some sales on my Etsy account today.  It's been pretty slow lately..   - http://bit.ly/Dv1oh
I'm hoping we're not going to stay at the office far too long 
I'm hosting Singtel show till 9pm in Fort Canning Park.. Omg! I'm hving fever 
I'm hubby's bitch. But hubby isn't home 
i'm human i have feelings too 
im hunger for the update. oh please tabi please you're killing me 
I'm hungover and still in bed, bad times! had a quality day yesterday though, I dread to think how much beer was consumed! my head hurts 
Im HuNgreh!!!! and I want to not waste any time and go to work so I can get out as soon as possible!!! Where's my food and clean uniform 
i'm hungry  bring me food... everybody! i don't want to go all the way downstairs... and even then, i'm not sure what i want to eat...
I'm hungry  but there is no food in the house. what is the good of living with my parents if they haven't even got any food?
I'm hungry  Have to eat something the next hours...
I'm hungry  I'm tired &amp; I have to walk Jazzy! 
I'm hungry  someone come feed me
Im hungry and don;t want to cook 
I'm hungry and I want IHOP now!  Bullfuck!
i'm hungry and it makes me sad. 
im hungry and it sucks my parents arent hm yet 
I'm hungry and my mom left to work  damn.... no food...this sucks
I'm hungry and need a hair cut badly! Not a good start to my Saturday 
I'm hungry and out of weight watcher points.  
I'm hungry and there's nothing good to eat in the house. Dammit. 
Im hungry and thristy  i dont wanna be here . i dont wanna go home ...im all effd up right now
iM Hungry as hell dayuumm 
I'm hungry but can't decide what to eat  that's so rude, some people in the world have nothing to eat.
i'm hungry but can't eat anything right now because my tongue hurts so bad. 
I'm hungry but I can't be bothered 2 eat breakfast so its my own fault really 
i'm hungry but i don't wanna eat !!!! i think i'm still sick 
Im hungry but i wanna wait for dinner  ( BOO~! )
im hungry but im scared to eat... 
I'm hungry but it's too late to eat 
In the mountains for the day.....no service 
in the neg. column for our new apartment- apparently can't have verizon cable. = no rtp. 
In the new house, have to take a bath, Theres no shower. 
in the office - got coffee, had yoghurt, now work 
in the office and not feeling well...i want to go home early but i can't 
In the office today on such a beautiful day..wish i could be out there with everyone else 
in the office today... yay 
In the office, and once again, the download failed 
in the office. canot survive much longer without broadband at home! 
In the park..omg bank holiday weekend and the coffee mans not here  wats that about??
In the Philippines! I miss the CA 
In the print lab till 9 pm tonight 
in the process of dumbing down my resume in order to find work 
In the process of finding a new hairdresser. I'm sad mine moved to Utah. 
In the queue for Mcfly 7 hours to go 
In the queue for mcfly.Theres about 40ppl in frnt.Wide stage tho.No1 talking 2 me 
in the real life again 
In the real world random strangers don't love talking to you 
I think I may have just sneezed out the part of my brain that retains Harry Potter facts  FUCK YOU SICKNESS!
i think i may have killed my suitcase 
I think I may have left the radio on in my car  My car is dead 
I think I may have messed up my eyes. 
I think I may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away 
i think i may have scared danny away  LOL...i cant help that im so obsessed..leave me alone LOL
I think I may have to call the doc 
I think I may make my twitter account private for awhile. I am getting deluged by spammers thanks to yesterdays freaking retweet 
I think I may purchase a real Flickr account, I'm out of room 
I think I messed up my butter tart squares... 
i think i might b a lil evil.. 
I think I might be allergic to cats now. 
I think I might be allergic to wine , I go numb after drinking a small amount 
I think I might be getting sick...IDK, my throat hurts. 
I think I might be in love with Srider. He's amazing. ElfBoy's pretty cool too, though. So depressed that wizard dude died 
i think i might be sick 
I think I might be sick  .. couldn't sleep last night.
I think I might be sick.  My finger's swelled up like a fucking balloon, though.
I think I might be submitting a SF4 player to http://thebadloserswallofshame.blogspot.com/ ...the thing is, he beat me 
I think i might die ugh 
I think I might go home early...I'm all sorts of achy and in need of warm covers. 
I think i might have broken my elbow at some point during the night 
i think i might have failed my exam 2day! 
I think I might have pulled my lower back muscles  ....but I'm @ Jamie &amp; Howe's for a BBQ
I think I might have ruined my life. 
I think I might have to agree with 12382347 people who keep telling me that I'm not sick, and that is just allergies that i have 
I think I might have to break down and purchase some from the US just because I donot know what to call it over here 
I think I might have to delete ubertwitter 
i think i might just buy the sims 3 after my exams as a treat, cba with waiting it to download cuz my internets broken 
I think I might lost a lot of followers when the #F1 race day is over.  thank you so much for following me, means a lot &lt;3
In the schools computer room :/ 2 more hours of school left  BUH BYE
In the studio mixing...wishing I had my 1200 followers from my other page 
In the stupid library 
in the summertime i constantly have the sensation of bugs or crawling on my skin 
In the sunroom once again, no purp this time but i do have some fire corn so........i've got to get up at seven for work 
in the sunshine state &lt;3 bout 2 get my tan on &amp; go swimming ... w/o @xEricaLaraina &amp; @lucyinthesky32 
In the taxi on the way home, I'm so tired &amp; I don't feel very well 
In the time it took me to get out of my car and get to my apartment Matt Wieters hit his first big league home run... and i missed it. 
in the true spirit of lee's informational twitter for TJ i have one for her, I wonder if matt knows his left break light is out 
In the UK with no phone service  oh yea and still sick (cough, sniff)
In the university with hungry!! 
In the vets for Millies' check up. The cat ain't happy. 
In the waiting room at Oakville hospital; this place feels like a second home to me now  http://bit.ly/1JRsHZ
in the word of the in-famous &quot;The bangles&quot; band, it's mondsy, i wish it was sunday cause that's my fun day, my i don't have to run day. 
in the words of Kim Jong Il &quot;i'm so rownly so rownly so rownly and sad real arown&quot;  (i am of course quoting team america
In the words of the song, 'there may be trouble ahead'. My employer is being broken-up and sold in bits. Dissapointed as I love my job 
in the words of tracey faye, graded unit can run up my humph 
In the worlds most boring meeting ever!!! 
in the worst mood 
in the worst mood ever 
In the WORST mood ever - My room is making me sneeze and cough and i'm feeling very fat  Need to find something to cheer me up...
in the worst moood eva, internets down, weathers crap n stupid examm 2mora 
In the year two thousaaaaaand! Conan O'Brien no hizo el bailecillo ayer en el programa...decepcionante 
i'm hungry but there's no food here  just some snacks. i need rice, not snack
I'm hungry too! I been CRAVING a fucking strawberry milkshake + Arinis wouldn't stop at McD's.. I iz sad 
Im hungry too... i need tea and toast 
im hungry ya'll, dinner wont b ready till around 6 tho 
I'm hungry!  and the bad news, I've not yet got the vegetarian menu for the day! (
I'm hungry!  I'm sad. Today has been really long. I look like I have cancer.
im hungry! and my dress is giving me a wedgie 
I'm hungry! And there's No food Left for me?! 
IM HUNGRY!!!! I hate working 2nd shift...  Im always hungry when I get off
im hungry!!!!! but im stuck in commerce 
im hungry, and my head hurts 
i'm hungry, but i don't want to eat anything! 
I'm hungry, but there's nothing small-ish to eat in the house 
I'm hungry, can't snack late though I don't want to be fat 
im hungry, i wanna eat chocolate but they are all gone now. 
I'm hungry, mom still not done cooking 
I'm hungry, tired, and have A LOT of HW due this week/weekend.  booo. 
I'm Hungry. :| I need food.  )
I'm hungry. And sad. Mehh. 
I'm hungry. and tired. and no one is here 
I'm hungry. But too late for dinner &amp; too early for breakfast.. 
im hungry. i should probably eat something. duhh..i miss my ravrrrrrr...come home bacon! 
I'm hungry. Unfortunately, our fridge doesn't have anything that's instantly edible.  FEED ME!
I'm hungry. Will someone please bring me breakfast? 
i'm hungry..  we all are, aren't we @parasolpierrot ? *sigh*
I'm hungry... but I don't know what to eat 
I'm hungry... But there's nothing to eat 
iM HUNGRY... i DiD WHAT ANY MOTHER SHOULD DO.. i MADE SURE MY SON ATE... BUT NOW WHAT AM i GOiNG TO EAT??? 
I'm hungry.... I wish I could eat 
I'm hungry....but i promised myself no eating after 8. 
I'm hungry...but I've already eaten. What should I do?! 
IM HUNGRYYYYYYYYY WISH I WAS HOME!!!!!!! I just went food shoppin 
I'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyy! Get in my belly... My bf just told me he thinks its mad lame I'm on twitter  http://myloc.me/3XHe
I think I might throw a party if Pat White accepts the Yankees offer... Too bad pigs will prob. fly first! 
I think I missed the shuttle to the mansion.  the lady I called for the address was an idiot and a biiiitch. Jeeze. .
i think i mistakenly threw out my thumb drive when i was cleaning my apartment.  definitely won't do that again. clean, i mean.
I think I mite call the doctor  hope it's. of swine flu !!!
i think i must be the only person to have applied to over 30 places and NOT get a successful response back 
I think I must smell today. My end of the office has been completely abandoned 
i think i need 2 go 2 the doctor bout my bladder.  I been pissin alot 2 day damn i hate goin there my docotor is a fuckin rapieist
I think I need a coffee, Iï¿½m falling asleep here 
i think i need a counselor.i have WAY to much going on...therefore i am depressed...AGAIN!!  i am done with guys..just not pretty ricky..
I think i need a filling, bad news for teeth, bad news for my bank balance 
i think I need a hug 
I think I need a new closet. The clothes I bought in Europe won't fit 
i think i need a trip to the doctors.  Chest infection.. Booo. 
I think I need potassium, my head is bothering me. like it don't hurt a lot but ugh its a irritating feeling!! 
I think I need someone to come and take care of me....I don't feel to swift.  hope I feel better in the mornin. Goodnight all.
i tHiNK i NEEd t0 g0 bACK t0 3Rd gRADE!  i AlM0St f0Rg0t WHiCH &quot;WHEtHER&quot; t0 USE! l0l! 
I think I need to change my sleeping pattern, seriously. I miss out on all Maria's tweeting while I'm asleep. 
I think I need to get some of my facebook friends to join twitter so that I don't feel like I'm talking to myself all of the time. 
I think I need to learn not to get so attached so fast.  It's just so hard not to!  
I think i need to loose some weight :-/, I'm looking type husky. . 
I think I need to put golf balls in my dogs food so she stops INHALING her food like she's never had a meal in her life.  *sigh*  
I think I need to reinvent this twitter crap...it is utterly boring  and pointless.
i think i need to unfollow the cricket guys  for a couple of weeks :S 
I think I over did the limited cleaning I got done... My foot is twice the size it should be  damn I have too ... - http://bkite.com/08BMp
i think I passed my math final. I think I did. I hope. :\ btw today was the last day I see my bff!  i miss her already so hard 2 say bye
I think I pulled a muscle  !
I think I pulled a muscle in my lower back 
I think I pulled a muscle in my SketchUp finger 
In this dammn cab and it seems like I'm never gona get home 
In this day and age doctors shouldn't take this long with results 
In this training from 8-5 all week  snore!!!!
in Thursday I go to school 
In today's WSJ (C1), my story about investors who bought high, sold low.   http://tinyurl.com/o75hpq
In tons of pain 
In town today and i see this.. http://www.twitpic.com/6oib0 then find out its not for sale! wahh  but im gonna get it tho somehow i will..
in traffic 
In traffic jam to no doubt show 
In traffic!!!!!!!!!! 
In traffic. Almost like cali, so its bad. I think im losing my voice. 
In training course gettting taught about my own work. Should have stayed in bed longer 
In trouble - I haven't finished reading Crow Road  Book Club's off for me today I'm afraid. Lazy mare.
in true bad-reality-tv fashion, &quot;I'm a Celebrity, Get Me out of Here&quot; is a complete trainwreck that I can't turn off.  Poor Patty Blago 
In Tulsa!!  Too late to get in the hotel pool tho!!  
in two days I will be in the east coast... jesus I'm scared I gained like 4 pounds back 
in two hours i hvae my GSCE MATHS TEST and nothing is going into my useless brain   i wish i was smarter
In two hours working. I don't want  Till 7 p.m. Don't forget: http://www.drakebellforum.de for german Drake Fans ;)
In two hours, my thirties are GONE!!!!   The big  &quot;4 0&quot;  saying hello ---- snifffffffffffff
In two minds about trip to Alton Towers this weekend. I'm basically going to be paying Â£30 to stand alone in the rain 
I'm hungy!!! n I've a headache... OH GOD, HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i'm hurt of their words.... 
I'm hurt up from last night 
I'm hurtin again 2 day 
i'm idiotically excited that i get to drive my car again today  its been over a month.....i felt like a part of me had died... 
i'm ill  ive been in my bed since like 2.. just as well i went out and got my dads present earlyyy. emporio armani aftershave ;)
I'm I'll!  sick day in bed for me 
I'm ill! :O After the show! I Have a runny nose, bad cough and sound like a pig squealing! 
IM IN  THE MIDDLE OF ADELAIDE  i cant sleep
I'm in 4th period    boring class
I'm in a bad mood today  Just hope my day off tomorrow will help a little??
im in a battle right now...against my allergic rhinitis..grrrr terrible 
I'm in a book and everyone now has their copy but me  http://bit.ly/kDS1J  come on post office! Give!
im in a diet now but i still eat sweets. 
I'm in a floaty mood tonight, just want to lay back, close my eyes &amp; listen to Katie Noonan's  pretty voice, alas I leave for work soon. 
I'm in a rather melancholic mood; nothing ever happen in my life  It's dull and boring. I just want to find a rabbit hole or a magic door.
Im in a really bad mood 
Im in a realy bad mood 
I'm in a restaurant and they're playing &quot;Que Seria De Mi&quot;.. Takes me back to the Harvest days. RIP..  
I'm in a traffic jam 
i think i pulled something in my back    it kinda hurts 
i think i punched myself in my sleep... 
I think I ran over a bunny on my way home... not sure... 
I think I ran over a frog... 
i think i really have to rest. bye! i hope i can tweet later or tomorrow. (bye) 
I think I really need to see a chiropractor. up to 30 hours of neck pain.  
i think i really need to wash clothes because i'm, like... out. 
i think i screwed up today 
I think I shall have to dump my phone, after all the time we've spent together; it still can't predict what I'm going to say next 
I think I should change my Wefollow descriptions, I'm probably going to get a lot of adult friend finder spam and shit. Don't want that! 
I think I should eat... but I have cheese  but no bread  what to do? Hungry :/
I think I should just buy a lousy phone. 
I think I should start on my summer work 
I think i should stop liking you give them a chanceee 
I think I slept wrong. My back hates me today. Owies. 
I think I sprain my muscle when I was lifting weights. I can't flex my arms straight. No work out this week. 
I think I sprained my ankle yesterday....MY BAD ONE!!!  And now it's starting to hurt.....  
I think I sprained my effin neck  UGHH
I think I srsly pulled something. 
i think i started getting all choked up when i heard the dad say:&quot;...my daughter&quot; ..  awwww 
I think I took a paracetamol over dose so I'm finding it hard to sleep 
I think I totally failed the baking today... 
I think I understand RDF. Still can't go to Galway.   #Drupal &quot;import export&quot; problems solved, except now it don't matter where data is.
I think I used most of my days energy before 7am 
I think i want to go to the beach today, but its kind of cold. 
I think I want to move back! I miss home.. I miss Spokane.. I just want to cry to my dog maxey! 
I think I want to start putting my meetup nametags on my laptop, but my #heraldtweetup tag is all non-sticky now 
I think i was irritating last night  sorry everyone!
i think i will be really late today! 
In unbelievable pain!! 
in va until saturday, than here i come nc!!! back to pa on monday! 
In Val d'Or, waiting for my wife and youngest's flight to leave. a long drive to Chisasibi for me. 
in Vegas now.. the weather here reminds me of home... ohhh i miss u miami.. i miss u so much 
in vegas. in bed alone  goodnight.
In Venice with a sinus infection.  Here's hoping that my head doesn't explode on the plane when I go home. 
In waiting room for first antenatal clinic, apparently I'm in for a 2hr wait. I should have brought a book 
In Wales On Holiday But I Am Going Soon Dont Want ToLeave And Got Sun Burn On My Back. x 
In Waterstones book shop with @alexjreid - pity we had to head off from the #Ncltweetup early, too much to do today 
in west ealing. picked a bad day to wear heels. can feel this blister burning up already. 
In what world does strike 3 mean run to first base 
In whistler. Canucks  Taking an evening stroll in the whistler village.
In work  been here since seven! Cant wait to get home and begin some remix work!
in work  but I'm off 2moro! yay! And it's my lovely hubbies birthday 2moro &lt;3
in work  saddd!! anor 6 and half hours to go 
In work  sooo bored !
In Work  x
In Work Bored 
in work early for team meeting but forgot my lunch 
In work early, frustrating myself with my own work before I get frustrated with other work. Not much time for design today 
in work shattered!! working on a sat sucks 
In work with sinead 
in work! uh oh the sun is gone 
in work. In toilet while twittering! Hmm not good but not supposed to have phone on me  lol
in work... 
in** 2 weeks.  apparently sleep deprivation also makes one mentally retarded. fix my ear! 
in... 1 and a half hour i'm on my way to karlshamn. not really looking forward to it, cos it's sunny outside and will have to be inside. 
I'm in a weird mood  I hate it - I wanna snap out of it!!!! Help me!
Im in a weird mood, not feeling so good right now  hopefully tomorrow will be a better day!
Im in a weird, sad/tired kinda mood 
i'm in Alrajhi bank to get loan 
im in austin with nothing to do until like 11. cant call or text anyone cause my phone is broke.... 
im in bed poorly 
I'm in bed watching Hollyoaks.not feeling v well 
i'm in bed with a rly sore rib 
im in cali ppls with my cuz kiana and lil shane miss my mommy  love you mommy!!!!
I'm in class. Sat through some other people's presentations, very interesting stuff. I'm bored though. 
im in debt with my boyfriend  laying in bed depressed because im still waiting for a job at the library. i hate being kept waiting !!
I'm in double study hall and bored 
I'm in full control of the ipod in the car @justcherie is sad 
I'm in iHop and the food sucks big time 
im in IT 
Im in jail for the FIRST time in two weeks this is lame!  lol but everyone is still asleep in my house so not ready to do anything! LOlL
I'm in kc...3 am and I feel like puking 
i'm in ketchikan, alaska stealing wifi bc i feel too disconnected with the world on the ship  alaska is pretty!
I'm in line at the apple store to get my new iPhone. Slept in, so now I have to wait over an hour. 
im in love with someone who doesnt love me... 
I'm in LOVE with the boy i HATE! and i think that he hate's me too haha  that's frustrating... 
I'm in love with the Derby!!! Unpacking 
I'm in love with you  can you understand?
I'm in loveeeee, and it scares me 
Im in lurrrrrrv with Grape Soda. its like drinking Grape Hubba Bubba  wants more Americanized products to try 
I'm in Miami bitch. Haha it's stuck in my head  oh noess
im in minnesota but not at the soulja boy concert 
I'm in my bunk on the bus headed to Asheville, NC. I had to help the driver convert 4 bunks into 6 
i'm in my clinic, its booring  http://twitpic.com/2y6qq
I'm in my favourite store , the Apple store &amp; cannot afford what I want at this moment in time  new MacBook &amp; Apple TV will have to wait.
Im in my roaming office and the copilot seat is empty 
im in need of a nap but i can tell i wont get one 
I'm in oklahoma. But this is wayyyyyy differen't than youth america. 
im in pain 
I'm in pain 
im in pain  my face is now peeling booooooooooooo i feel rank (N)
im in pain  take care of me?
im in pain  taken the tablets nurse gave me but worrying she said they may make my tummy bleed! shit ! steak for tea tho...WOOP !
im in pain, shit 
I'm in pain. I want to sleep. my body won't let me 
I'm in Plett for the week. No internet in our room. 
im in quarantine ........ no not really XD  just sick 
I'm in sac state solving sudoku puzzles, listening to silvio, and crying like baby cause i miss south america 
in4merz wont let me vote again 
Inactive fox is inactive. Rain kept me in the den. 
inbetweeners in isle of skye! why am i not there   must txt family up there to get pics!
inbetweeners is really distracting, words been open for 3 hours i managed to write 6 lines 
inbox = 0 ~ bills = not touched ~ laundry = piled high  ~ groceries = going NOW blah
Inca trail permits sold out for dates I wanted to go in September 
incanto@RobbyRav Nikki Minaj is a whore? I really liked her.  (....have you ever listened to Nikki...wtf?..and she is a shitty rapper)
inconsistent method signatures make me sad 
Increasing number of H1N1 cases 
Incredible story:  http://bit.ly/7Wm76  Mario is amazing!  Wish I could be at the parade today 
Incredibly frustrated with my &quot;developer&quot;... yet again. No chatter in over a week. Waiting on serious parts to begin front end dev. 
incredibly mad that i cant sign up to vote for the TCA 
incredibly sick  need to finish homework.
Incredibly tired ! I can't write, I don't make sense. URG. 
Incredibly upset.  Eddie's Attic JUST announced a Jay Clifford concert this weekend. I'm gonna be out of town.  
incubus tour...why aren't they coming to england... 
indecisivenesssss.....y cant i decide or make up my mind about anythngggg 
I think I will cry for days strait, not feeling good emotionally and this weather is not helping.  What should I do to cheer up?
I think I will hate Mission Impossible 3;
I think I will soon lose my voice from lack of use 
I think I woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning 
i think i won the war with my headache but ive probably just jinxed it now 
I think IÂ´ll become sick  *hust*
I think IÂ´ll go now not much going on in here! 
i think iÂ´m getting a cold also 
i think i'd rather be at the meeting than going to church  it's too early!
I think if I could go home now, I'd go and pass out. So achy and tired today. 
I think if today was a very slow day, it's going to be one heck of a loooooong week 
I think I'll finally leave work, since it's almost 6:00.    I wanna go home and go to bed...
I think I'll get sick, because today i swam with my friends, and it's a little cold  
I think i'll just wait for bella to realize i'm more comfy than the blankets.  She looks so cute when she naps tho.
I think i'll stay in for a while!! 
indefinitive pronouns compounds(?) WTF!!!1!11! 
indesign just crashed like 5 times.. won't export my .swf file 
india did not make it to the t20 world cup finals 
India is out  .. I was so depressed last night, I had to play Contra to cheer myself up!
India lose to South Africa by 12 runs. Unimpressive. Thoroughly! 
India lost to SA  whats happening inside the player mind ?? negative thinking ???
India messed up everything.Could have been a win man?R.Sharma and Raina reduced the RR to 7+ with 6 wickets in hand.But, We our self lost 
Indian cricket team playing for pride today after being ousted from World cup; very disappointed 
Indian elections-perfect finish but anticlimax  http://bit.ly/HMcpw
Indian food is dangerous.  I passed out on TK's glasses and broke them. 
indo dormir, soninho   GOOD NIGHT TOM â™¥_â™¥'
Indonesia's tv shows are exaggerating and lame  that's why I watch cable TV. Lol
Indoors - Sadly. Managed a run earlier, right calf cramped 
Indoors Bored as it is raining again.   x x
Industries that are severely affected and continue on a down trend include IT-Software, Retail  and Real Estate 
Infamous got me on the point wre I want to break my controller.... Been searching 6 hours for 1 freaking blast chard  I'm very very angry
infinitest jst kept indexing  my files on intellij .....never saw it working   ...stalling it for now .
infinity blues makes me want to cry. also, im sad all my friends went to nyc this weekend and im here alone 
inflation is here --- Peel it and weep: It'll cost an extra 2 cents to mail a letter starting Monday  (via @techstartups) (bs put em out)
Inflicted with paranoia...waaaaaa 
INFLUENZA A H1N1  INVADED THIS WORLD
info technology exam today... ... i hope I can sneak out from work early to study a lil... 
ing will change &amp; we won't be friends anymore  help.
IngaBambina: brad wins horse tourney - i did lousy should have given up on that flush i flopped in omaha - someone rivered a boat 
ingin Makan2 di Dunkin Donuts apa daya uang tinggal 10rb, jadi cuma cukup buat beli Nawa Donat  ( ( http://plurk.com/p/11sk6o
ingrid ficou off 
Ingvar is too bored getting killed to paint his face with ur blood anymore...im sad   (ExtraLife Radio &amp; More! live &gt; http://ustre.am/wK)
Initial reaction to Bones finale: WTF!? I'm going to watch it again tomorrow when it actually airs here, but that was just depressing. 
initial reviews are in for Transformers Revenge of the Fallen and across the board fans and critics have given this movie the thumbs down 
Injection in a bit!! Scared 
injections still hurt.... 
injured 
Injured  http://tinyurl.com/rco5ln
injured adolescent raccoon limping through the lakeside mall garage garden  i'd call the spca but he'd be long gone by the time they g ...
Injured all over. But I can play with bad knees, wrists, and shin split. It's my back that could take me out. Get the x-ray today. 
injured foot 
Injured my ankle...its swollen  cant put my weight on it 
injured my hand 
Injured my knee (medial meniscus) playing soccer 
injured my knee doing Race 4 Life  worried it won't be ok for L2B &amp; more importantly team rounders on the 23rd  - pass the Ibuprofen!
injured myself 
Injured shoulder at gym yesterday 
Injuries are KILLING my AL fantasy team.  First Vlad and now Grady. 
Injury report: left hip and knee are aching, groin is sore, right shoulder strained, left elbow pains, and both wrists screwed up 
I'm in school faaar too early - i want my bed back 
Im in science!! very boring 
im in shock right now... there are only 18 days left... this is so bittersweet. 
I'm in so much pain. I still can't sleep. 
I'm in sooooo much pain 
I'm in sooooo much pain   I want my mommyyyyyyyy
im in such a habit of working around my piercing. its so weird to realise I don't need to worry about knocking it. bah, I want it back! 
I'm in such a pickle and I don't like waiting on replies 
I'm in such a weird blah mood. I feel like I should just go to bed but I don't want to 
I'm in tears!!! 
I'm in tequila Jalisco. surrounded by alcohol and I can't have any cos I'm sick  (via @mostazzza) swine?!
im in the band van ahh freezing  mm pepsi
I'm in the bathroom trying to pee in the stall next to someone taking a shit....she smells so bad my bladder is shy 
i'm in the common room bored as usual. Miss gordon 
im in the hospital 
I'm in the house doing nothing have to find something to do 
I'm in the last hours of my three weeks holidays... back to work tomorrow 
I'm in the mood for some hardcore Hip Hop but I don't have any of that on my iPod 
I'm in the mood for some racing, so I'm just downloading iPhone apps to race  and plus I'm just really bored 
in-n-out, tacobell or dell taco... cant decide 
INO reminds me wen i was at school, its bad cuz i had bad memos at school  #MCRchat
inpacking and doing errands...boooo...vigil tonight for high school teacher 
inquiring minds may want to know... i'm aboot to get my ass kicked in madden by andy  #fb
inSane night last night. having to sit in a bedroom with friends for 2 1/2 hours in silence trying not to get caught. owe, my neck 
Insanely annoying. Managed to download two audiobooks of a trilogy, but the third is nowhere to be found 
Insanely tired with a headache, and a mosquito just bit me... Off to bed! Up in a few hours 
insanly hungry 
insecurities are eating me!! huhu. 
Insensitive jerk! He KNOWS I like him.So then he ignores me 4 2years&amp;then goes 4 sumone else.Wht's she have tht I don't..oh ya..his heart 
Insomnia  . I did not sleep
Insomnia  but @pw_official's shower of tipsy twitters were so lollerific
Insomnia  Not good...
insomnia = me right now  
insomnia attacks.. damn man ive had a long dayy i wanna sleeeeep.. but i just can't 
Insomnia freakin sucks!!!   ~ Toy
Insomnia graces us with its presence once again tonight...how long will he stay this time? Someone talk to me 
INSOMNIA IS A MOTHER! UGHHHHHH 
insomnia is no fun when your by your self 
insomnia still winning the battle tonight 
Insomnia sucks 
Insomnia sucks... I thought I got over it 
Insomnia.  I have to be at work in 8 hours.  JOY 
Insomnia. I get NO sleep. Maybe it's because I need you here... 
Insomnia..... AGAIN  Boo Hoo Seriously though, it's getting really bad again. 4 hours in 5 nights ! Bad times.
insomnia....spain o spain,when will I see you again? 
I think I'll tip Clermont to win the Top 14. However I also tipped the Chiefs earlier today 
I think im about 2 head north 2 c my mom. Things dont look so good 
i think im addicted to twitter 
i think i'm all better now... yay... i'm a little sad because the me that i am doesn't get along with the person who has been helping me 
I think I'm allergic to coffee ....  
I think I'm allergic to cologne  dang
I think i'm almost ready to give up on the d-backs. So sad. 
I think I'm blocked again... when am I going to finish these book??? 
I think i'm broke again.  :\
I think I'm catching a cold  I'm taking nyquil &amp; knocking the fuck out.
I think I'm catching the Umbrella Virus. 
I think im cheatin on him but I can't be cuz this is jus friends goin out I hope...this may get ugly  this is not a date jus friends
I think I'm coming down with something!! 
i think i'm coming down with the flu. not cool 
I think I'm developing another eating disorder...  Like I'm hungry but for some reason I just don't wanna swallow the food... 
i think im dieing of hayfever/swine flu 
I think I'm done Wahlpapering CCP cuz my @DonnieWahlberg lovin' robotic arm is so sore now 
i think i'm dying of boredom... someone please give me something to do. 
i think i'm dying over here. my underarms are sore and my back hurts. not to mention that my feakin foot is throbbing...agony &amp; pain 
I think I'm fed up of being lonely now 
I think I'm finally gonna go to sleep. I wish @swallowreds would wakeup and come in here and play 
I think I'm gettin sick 
I think i'm gettin sick. 
I think im getting a cold    everything inside me aches.
i think im getting a cold  oh noooooo. im finally hanging out with becca todayy too! I havent seen her in months!! and im visiting nickell
i think im getting a cold. 
I think I'm getting a cold. 
I think i'm getting a fever blister  bbbboooooo
I think I'm getting an ear infection... 
I think im getting another cold sore 
I think I'm getting my family's sinus infection  I feel not great at all
Im in the mood to make a vlog and mention everyone that got hacked, but I promised to film kung-fu master  il make it soon though!!
I'm in the mood to stay up all night and make stuff again. I wish I could but I better get to bed at a fairly decent time 
I'm in the subway surrounded by smelly people.. 
Im In The UK Shes In LA It Aint Like I Could See Her In The Street 
Im In Trending Topics &amp; No it waznt 4Chelsea Soccer Team IT WAZ 4ME 
I'm in trouble this morning because I got into the trash and ripped up Kleenex   I hope I still get my treat of roasted chicken tonight..
I'm in twitter jail... again!! 
I'm incomplete without you 
I'm incredibly bored which is making me really really want to eat something but we have NOTHING in, and that is NOT an exaggoration!! 
I'm incredibly bored.. 
Im incredibly hurt beyond words 
I'm insomniac  I wish someone could sing me to sleep right now.@thomasfiss, can you? lol
i'm italian  i can't understaaaaaaaaaaand xD
i'm jealous of everyone at weekend in the wilderness. i wanted to go. 
im jealous of how sexy the nikes that steven is gunna get are 
Im jealous of people who can eat solid food, I get to eat pudding for a weeek 
I'm jealous of the hot southern weather... It's 70 and cloudy here 
I'm jealous of this girls hair at work.. And she has extensions! It's fake. How shallow am I?!? 
Im jealous that my beautiful daughter can go to work with her dad and not me 
Im jogging home 
im jst playn @ the thing below, since days too cool for me now  i hate wen bestfrends get girlfrends, tht shudnt be allowed
im jst realllly boreeeed mousehunting&amp;ghostrapping. wheresss th fooood? 
Insomnia: probably due to impending surgery &amp; stuff I can't do anything about  had to vent
Insomniaaaaaaa..... all night trying to get a sleep... no luck... and now have to work 
insomniac night so up surfing the net- I'm going to regret this later 
Inspection went fine ... they like the house woopee. Would just be nice if it had been this morning so I could have done stuffs today 
Inspiration is laughing at me 
Inspired by cricket, kids have taken sledging to new heights 
Inspiringly beautiful story about a rescued pony very sad though  http://bit.ly/PWjAz
Installed an extra gig of RAM in netbook last night. Voided warranty, but who cares. Didn't help firefox  and had some visual artifacts.
Installed Flash Catalyst beta, but it won't start. Already tried an earlier alpha version and that one didn't work either. Dammit! 
installed macdrive to have access to HFS disk in bootcamp. Result: can't boot into Leopard anymore, mbp hangs at blue screen before login 
Installed office for Mac &amp; messed up all my fonts on safari, crap on a stick! help! can't even read the solutions online  #badmicrosoft
Installed Skype to check it for a friend. It works well after some tweaks. Bad news. I don't wanna fall in love with another non free s/w 
Installed the KDE desktop as well but that  runs pretty slow. 
Installed the os 3.0 and now all of my apps that I put on my folders got erased. And my themes got erased too 
im just a bit bored 
I'm just a girl, With a dream that got the best of me..... 
I'm just becoming more and more dissappointed by a company I work with 
im just chillin @ home alone...while my bf is @ work 
Im just going to go to bed. I hate this. I cant wait for this day to be over. 
I'm just gonna have learn to face the fact that I won't ever get to go to allentown as long as I keep my current summer job 
i'm just gonna wing it tomorrow.. my stomach hurts too bad to study 
I'm just Laying on my couch.. Watching tv, being bored out of my mind.. Miss my bf stetson.. 
Im just leaving my house! My eyes are super heavy 
I'm just mad at the world because I don't like being up in the morning OH MY GOD. 
I'm just missing some authors who don't have twitters.  and i missed one of my fave's coming TEN freaking miles from home. ARGGGG!!!!!!!!
I'm just not addicted to Twitter  Oh well, back to the MAYER
I'm just not as free as I want to be.  http://plurk.com/p/xmny1
I'm just not feeling it today.  Life in general and all that.  First pang of homesickness, a month and a bit in. 
I'm just not that into &quot;He's Just Not That Into You&quot;. not doing it for me, tho i so wanted to see it... 
im just ranting out my feelings!!!! ill be over it in the morning hopefully...     
I'm just real irritated? Ughhh 
i'm just realizing friends is over 
Im just recovering from pain! as my cousin bit my hand, shoulder and finger, pulled my hair and punched me a lot! 
I'm just sitting down. 
I think im getting old... I used to be able to stay up all night but now i cant 
I think I'm getting sick  - my throat kills
I think im getting sick  eff the rain
I think I'm getting sick  my throat hurts
I think I'm getting sick  Welp sitting here, thinking.  Work @ 4.
i think im getting sick again  gahh
I think I'm getting sick again. Nooo! I was doing so well.     Fr. roast, Fr. bread w/ pnut butter &amp; blckberry preserves, cherries. Yums.
i think i'm getting sick again. poop. 
I think I'm getting sick i have a killer sore throat 
i think im getting sick!    this is not good!
I think I'm getting sick! Uggghhhh!! 
I think I'm getting sick.  My throat is weird and it hurts to cough 
I think im getting sick. A bug or something-i dont wana be sick! 
i think im getting sick... 
i think i'm getting sick... 
I think I'm getting sicker. Now sneezing 
i think I'm gettinq sick! eecck! its ohios weather 
I think I'm giving up and going to bed. Studying again tomorrow  Goodnight
I think I'm going crazy..  Cant afford this with midyears!!!!! 14 is a magic number upon a magic bus ;D
I think im going to be in the airport for over 10 hrs. 
I think i'm going to be late to work  yikes
I think im going to be pulling a late night to finish this 
I think I'm going to be sick. 
I think I'm going to bed!  I'm not THAT sleepy, but there's nothing on TV and I don't feel like doing anything else, so...
I think I'm going to bed...I'm bored here 
i think im going to cry. 
I think im going to fast tomorrow. I have to. Sorry shabam, I cant pig out with you. Only water for me  
I think I'm going to get a new twitter... mine is just all messed up. 
I think I'm going to go to sleep, alone. Again. Boo 
i think im going to have a bad dream tonight. It will probly include the dead people with big bruises all over their faces off medium  
I think im going to have a bath then have a nape. I missed out on the new episode of gossip girl last night 
I Think I'm going to have to break down and buy a swimsuit 
I think I'm going to have to retire the basketball shorts I've had for about seven years.  
I think I'm going to have to setting having my own Kenny, Sugarland and Lady A concert at my house on Saturday. 
I think I'm going to install Ubuntu. AGAIN. I mean.. lack of working graphics drivers for gentoo just sucks. I hope it works on ubuntu 
i think i'm going to join bally total fitness-so sad there's no 24 hour fitness in indiana  waaaaaah, another reason to go waaaaaah
I think I'm going to Six Flags on the third... Woohoo, if only Tammie didn't have an irrational fear of rollercoasters... 
I think I'm going to sleep now.I got stomachace.and its really hurts 
i think i'm going to sleep. we're leaving at 5 in the morning...i'm gonna miss this place. 
I think i'm going to watch a film now, crappy weather here 
I think I'm going to watch..... TOY STORY!!! I've wanted to see it in forever &amp; haven't really had the chance. 
I Think Im Gona Cryy .. Hairdresser Just Pulled Out  I Have NO Hairdresser For Prom
I think I'm gonna call it a night.  Sorry, guys.
I think I'm gonna cry 
I think I'm gonna cry at my first day in uni next semester. No really. I don't enjoy unimas anymore 
I think i'm gonna cry. Thats how bad this is right noW. Eveytime i swallow my ears hurt and my head's pounding 
I think I'm gonna get another SJC kit for shits and grins.  I miss my drums 
I think I'm gonna get off twitter. I CANT take the LVATT talk :'( It makes me cry...  I DONT wanna know about it till Friday! :/
i think im gonna go sell some clothes at crossroads and buffalo exchange 
installing maker is so boring 
Installing the big 3.0...bummed that I have to wait for MMS 
installing the sims 3, on my moms computer, since apparently my laptop is getting too old 
Installing Toon Boom 4 and the Adobe CS4 Suite on the G5.... Found a picture I drew of my buddy Dave, think I'm gonna give it to Ferrick 
Installing Vista SP2 IE8 at the same time.  Im scurred..mah puter gonna go meep meep boom boom? 
Installing VMWare Fusion update.. hope that DirectX grapchis don't crash my virtual machine anymore 
Installing Webroot...hopefully to get all this crap off my computer.... 
installous isnt working? 
Installs all day. This is gonna suck 
Instapaper bookmarklet on iPhone not working for me. Almost as frustrating as a repeated &quot;Islands in the stream, that is what we are...&quot; 
Instead I found download for Crazy Angel Remix (Kill Hannah) by John Bourke~ its not as good as La Dolce Vita mix 
intense dreams about a apocalypse or some sort of world disaster are never no fun  woke up in a sweat
intensity of monday morning feeling directly proportional to fun of weekend 
Interest payment on savings account. More money in there, less than half the interest of last year. Go Captain Savings! 
interest. I kinda feel like I'm going to end up in the same category as ppl hu think sticking a photocopy in a sketchbook is gd reasearch 
Interesting Click on the site register Clicking to see what does what See the followers and boom virus alert Nice.. 
Interesting how 100s recommended @faithgoddess7 today for #FF but don't seem to know she has left Twitter.  
Interesting livejournal homepage this morning.  Have they been hacked as a 10th birthday present? 
interesting night last night, which left me emotionally drained this morning. However, yeah for Coffee...RIP Ed  You get 4 stars!
interesting night... but oh my goodness. my head is literally throbbing. 
Interesting site about the Chrome build, under mac the webkit test failed  Link: http://build.chromium.org/buildbot/waterfall/console
Interesting, Internode DSLAM for Gungahlin exchange is &quot;In Build&quot;. Not sure I'm actually connected to the Gungahlin exchange though 
Internal Exams starting from Tuesday!!  Study time  
International Surfing day. Sweet! To bad it's flat. 
Internet @ work is buggin...can't check facebook, MySpace...wtf I feel so disconnected 
I think I'm gonna leave CB. They've made some dumb decisions. The mods are always on power trips. 
I think I'm gonna ride my bike for, like, an hour tomorrow. 
I think I'm gonna sleep. I'm uber tired and I work at 9. 
I think I'm gonna take a shower, maybe eat somethin &amp; go to sleep. me no feel good. 
I think I'm gonna throw up  Anyone else watching the game?
i think im hungry.. i shalll make toast and watch big brother.. im all tired out frm town to dayy.. 
i think i'm ill, i've had a tickley cough for two days and my chest feels all blocked up 
I think i'm ill...and fells wanna go home 
I think im in house all day because of the weather 
I think im in love........with myself. i kinda rock..its funny how people don't seem to notice these days  lol
i think im insane. - isthereaghost: Guysâ€¦ guysâ€¦ Meat is murder  :x http://tumblr.com/xav25aygd
i think im insomic,I cant sleep 
I think I'm just about done with Craigslist, y'all. 2 of the 4 ppl I e-mailed yesterday (renting an appt) responded with an obvious scam. 
I think im just gunna cry 
i think im just gunna sulk today 
I think I'm just hungry 
I think I'm killing my peppers 
I think I'm now into my 7th week of @virginmedia internet problems. 
i think im probably this fat (    -  ___  -   ) its sad  im a fat lard
I think i'm putting on weight again.  i need to stop eating so much random shit. Or just stop eating so much...
I think I'm reaching new epic fail levels at saying goodbye/goodnight. It's just so hard 
I think I'm running a fever and not feeling so well! 
I think im sick 
i think i'm sick 
i think im sick  i slept for 12hours last nitee!! does anybody else do that??
i think i'm sick  somebody make me some instant noodles!
I think im sick .  ahhh
I think I'm sick again. Fabulous. 
i think im sick not kool at all 
I think I'm sick. 
i think im sickkk 
I think I'm somewhat in denial... 
i think im starting to get a winter cold 
i think im starting to get sick... 
I think I'm still drunk 
I think i'm the only one still with a first generation iPhone...  #whoneedsanewiphonewhenthisoneworks
I think I'm the only tweeter w/ over 1000 followers who still tweets from the Twitter website.  Can't download Tweetdeck at work 
I think I'm watching my poor ratty die in slow motion, she's defo not tight 
i think i'm with the 1Bs this school year... i miss 1E! 
i think imma miss the Laker parade.!   becuz i have classs.. wow.! that sucks.. maybe my teacher will cancel class.. ha yeah riite.!
i think imma wear pigtails n my hair tomorrow!....and i think ate my cheeseburger too fast uggggghhhhh  
I think it got hotter all of a sudden... I need an a/c 
I think it is going to rain.  I feel it in my body    So not right,
i think it is MIGHTY sad that i just screamed for joy when Eck got hit.  i hope hes good
@jordanknight Jordan! Ur makin me worry! Feel better! I don't like knowing ur hurting! 
@jordanknight M&amp;G sold out here in like 1 min! my computer wasn't fast enf to get tickets 
@jordanknight Morning! Where are you going? Leaving us sooo soon! 
@jordanknight my sis is sad that ur not in raliegh tomorrow  could u give her a shout out @amygarbo to make her feel better? Please!!
@jordanknight my son erased all me pics today 
@jordanknight nice to hear from u jordan...u havent been tweetin'as much! i miss ur late night tweets about honey nut cheerios  gnight!
@jordanknight no matter what I do, I can't get that link to work. and its def. the site, not you. Booo. I wanna vote! 
@jordanknight Not in NJ today   ALL the way on the other side of the country.  Hope you got some sleep, and are enjoying your day! 
@jordanknight off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! Hope ur well and got back safe,poor Jon  xx
Internet @ works doesn't work. Bleh  drake is funny
Internet ads + yeah i wanna see = dead virus ridden comp..... trust me been there done that..... twice.... not proud. 
internet and tv and phones going down. aaarrrgggh. 
internet at borders! video doesn't work. left phone at lh. 
internet at fathers XD mothers is still down 
Internet at home is dead 
internet at home is down, can't connect at Big Apple  Back to Starbucks!
Internet at the office is still very unstable. So, these are days of poor tweeting/plurk on my part. 
Internet broken so no thursday cheesey song.   Goodnight.
Internet connection broke down.  now I have to use my blackberry to surf the net and chat. How pathetic!!! FUcK tHis!!
Internet connection going bonkers.  Must tweet before it goes out again.  I'm just speechless about Lost.  We must wait until next year. 
internet connection sucks tonight  blah
Internet down  , what is the deal with bgt winner?, did not follow the show.
internet down  won't b fixed 4 a while :....................(
Internet Explorer debugging failed 
INTERNET FAIL. I've been trying to upload all day but my internet keeps failing me and I've been giving all the power to the upload. 
Internet failing me with Breaking Bad again 
internet going terribly slow today  Gonna read a bit Clive Cussler
internet in flight! but why can't AA take the hint from Virgin and not make you pay. 
Internet is being choppy...making it hard to stream my show. 
Internet is broken at home. The modem isn't doing wat it should and now i need my username/pw from kpn but I don't know where to get it 
Internet is dead. 
Internet is down  blog post will have to wait
Internet is down  looking for some people to make me  a 2 hour playlist so i can get new music. Anyone up for the challenge?
Internet is down  sorry aku inda dpt gossip sma kamu @f_nadzirah and @faidchong (
Internet is down @work again......yep its gonna be a long day 
Internet is down again  at least i have family guy to distract me!
Internet is down!! 
Internet is finally working which means it's time to update my iPhone. sucks I can't even try out all the new stuff cause its shut off 
internet is on the brink... about to go over the usage limit, so will probably get slowed to snail speed... awesome 
internet is so damn slow 
internet is sooo slow at my grandmothers. thats what you get when you live in the country. 
I'm just so lost anymore... 
im just so lost with this wholething  no one even talks to me ** sob sob **
I'm just TRYING to write..writers block 
I'm just waiting for everyone to clear out so I can continue filming. WORST TIMING EVER!! 
Im just waiting for this horrible storm to end.  yikes.
I'm killing these Junior Mints! Okay I'm done. Oops...Oops...Oops. Okay there gone.... 
I'm Kind of in a sad mood  and this stuff helps! â™« http://blip.fm/~8pmjs
I'm kind of sad that Susan Boyle didn't win. 
I'm kind of sad.  The beginning of my website and contest launch, and my host gets a 500 Internal Server Error!  
I'm kinda a little bit sad because I have no phone and just came home to an empty house  ROOMMATTESS COOME GETT MEEEE!!!!! Don't have fun!
I'm kinda amazed that Jon and Kate are keeping the show on.. but deeply sad that Ed McMahon has passed away.. 
im kinda bored theres no one too talk too  it must be because im an early bird lol
I'm kinda glad Susan Boyle left the stage before she revealed any more leg 
I'm kinda hurt that @RajulSahih didn't answer my tweet yesterday.  Weider Powerbell - yes, no, maybe?
I'm kinda in pain cuz my friend kept elbowing me in the stomach last night 
im kinda mad and dont understand this 
I'm kinda mad that I love this song   â™« http://blip.fm/~8e12s
Im kinda missing my long hair. Yeah it's still long. But it was wayy longer! Miss my highlights too. 
Im kinda nervous for this orientation 
im kinda sad i might not be able to go to my friends b-day tomorrow, because of traspertation  well i was counting on it
i'm kinda sad right now cuz i have to sleep on two different couches for the next 2 weeks  (not at the same time) ;)
Im kinda sad right now. 
I'm kinda sad! I was ALMOST a contestant on the new game show &quot;Pyramid&quot; for CBS Daytime  I giggled too much! Haha! Translation: TOO GAY!
im kinda sleepy na, but i still have to finish some things. 
I'm kinda sleepy...drinking 7up with some raspberry monnin! my phones dead..no charger  lame..
internet is temp. down  thank the lord for mobile browser!
Internet is up this morning, but radio dropping out every 10-15secs 
Internet isn't doing well today. 
Internet isn't working again.  Wish I could have school's network. Theirs is SUPER FAST. Ok, well I am going to watch some TV and then ...
internet ist gestÃ¶rt, alice@mainz ist offline 
Internet just went down. 
Internet knocked out by storms again 
Internet please work. 
Internet signal today sucks ass 
Internet sucks.  I thought it would never leave me.
Internet totally fail today. Can't access secure (https) pages. 
Internet virtually useless tonight so no blogging 
Internet was down for most of the day and I have a feeling that it won't be up for long. 
Internet, you were so fast! And now you are so slow! Where did the fast connection go? 
Internet.. sucks!  It kept failing 
Internet/\/P|\| is so unstable. 
Internetis down  going to ninth street video to fuel my Woody Allen obsession.
internets down at my house  cant wait for lvatt
Internet's down from the almost-storm. 
internet's finally fixed, too bad i lost everything from the past 4 years 
internets sl0wz sauce, have to stream in low quality... this isn't fun 
interning. didn't even get to have my starbucks yet. 
Interning... family dinner.... then saying goodbye to a bestfriend tonight because shes moving to NYC tomorrow 
interview = good... but do i really want a job ??  ughhh no free time here i come if i get it...
interview first thing in the morning then doctors. cell phone is being stupid 
Interview nerves kicking in 
Interviewing a genocidare ... Scary how he talks of killing Tutsis during the genocide 
iNterViewS coMinG uP... 5 foR ToDay!!! 
i'm kinda sweaty... it's hot 
Im kinda upset i didnt get on the jury for that murder case 
I'm kissing the Blarney Stone tomorrow! This trip has been amazing, I'll be sad to see it end Thursday 
I'm laid in bed. Not sleeping  I know why. Hello iPhone games, don't let me down.
Im last in puttputt and i have to keep score 
im late for work! 
I'm late on mailing my fathers day cards  sorryyy 
I'm late today  couldnï¿½t wake up although I kept 3 alarms o_O
Im laying down and just dropped my phone on my face. Owie 
I'm laying in bed facing the wall and trying to relax but I'm hearing so many things plus the air conditioning sound is so louad 
I'm Laying In Bed On A Sat Nite Hating Mah Allergies  How's Everyone Elses Nite So Far...AnyOne Getting Lucky??
I'm laying in bed with a really uneasy feeling... I hope I'm wrong with what I'm thinking 
I'm laying in bed, in the dark, contemplating things. I feel uneasy in my tummy and I really don't like it 
I'm lazy to change my bedsheets, please do it for me 
I'm learning for my test tomorrow  
I'm learning political sociology and being really terribly bored. 
I'm learning to love this summer. Haha  And I'm afraid it's going to end in a snap 
I'm learning to use twitter... too bad this is not yet popular in Finland. None of my friends are here 
Im leaveing tommore! Woot Gunna miss da day dat every meet each other up  o well move on w/ya life.
I'm leaving for school. A religious class. Byebye. 
I'm leaving in about 30 minutes... No or not much internet for six weeks. Canada here I come. But I don't want to go alone. 
I'm leaving on a jet plane, don't know when I'll be back againnnnn 
im leaving soo soon and i m sad. my last day 
i'm leaving soooon ! omg !  we're leaving in like about 30 mins ! we have to be at the airport at 10 pm ! &amp; i haven't packed ! AWESOME !!
interwebz still isn't working. 
intl taxation grade is out. a b-. not bad. better than what i thought. but still not good enough. 
INTOLERABLE! The Parliament of the EU-Member Lithuania ban the theme &quot;Homosexuality&quot; from all public places incl. schools 
Intresting day, i guess, listening to The Jonas Brothers new album, my tweets are soooo lame! so sad 
intro to visual arts is soul crushing 
Introduction is done... off to dinner soon! People are nice but I have no internet. 
Introduction to Econometrics, Watson and Stock - pleaseeee, help me to find this book 
Inventing the wheel in progress, audience segmentation done blind kinda sucks 
Inventory  and new menu boards  http://myloc.me/2dDj
inventory @ 6:30am  night folks!!
inventory is crazy...think I ate some bad pizza. not feelin too good  at least 4 more hours to go
Inventory on my day off tomorrow, 1 day off again this week. 
Invincible 63-  I knew it was coming, but still...For a second there I thought it was all a red herring for an even crazier death!
invited at a show for movie NEW YORK my chance to meet kartina for the first time, john 2nd time BUT  This DDP wont let me GO  F,,,
Invited to the White House for the Credit Card bill siging!  But can't go because I'll miss my flight, and miss a wedding 
Invoices and im just sitting here now and i really could be doing this at home! 
iot is so hacrs not to use your thhubmx whn typing as I cant reach a lot of teh keys 
iphone 3.0 - restored... but now its empty 
iPhone 3.0 + Faster Camera /Where's the Video? +Voice Memo &lt;3 LandScape SMS  Wish Home Screen was too.+Snappier Transitions! Go Update NOW
iphone 3.0 beta 5?simulator performance? 2.2.1 ???, UITableView?cells?2.2.1?????????, 3.0 beta 5????????cell?, ?????????? 
iPhone 3.0 doesn't support delegation for CalDAV, but iCal does. 
I'm leaving the day after tomorrow na 
I'm leaving to Mexico Friday night. Going to be there all next week. Missing EDC 
im leaving tomorrow..  SUCKSSS!! guess i gotta change my location..
I'm leaving work now. Trying to decide if I return on Sunday afternoon or Monday 4 am to meet a noon (UK time) deadline. 
im leaving.. my parents are going separate ways now!! i dont know who i will choice between them!!! 
i'm left with a half packet of Lay's Original flavor... 
im light headed 
i'm like a dead fish 
im like addicted to Fresh Since 88 by Saving Aimee &lt;3 need to see them agaiiiin 
I'm like diobok&quot;. My uncle is a bad driver and I just relized it. I sit at the back 
I'm like Father MacKenzie in that Beatles' song. I need followers. 
I'm like procrastinating bout goin to the gym... Let me get my a** up and go 
I'm like really hungry, but there is nothing in the house 
I'm like So bored and I have no one to talk to  I think I am going to go on youtube and watch random music video's maybe that will amu ...
I'm like so damn bored but i'm not feeling very well  .
im like the family kitty, y'nkow? Im always being petted. But if i pee on the rug i get dirty looks and a smack on the head 
im like the hulk. well ive got the hulks back. ima take a picture later to show you. its dreadful 
I'm likeing this new iPhone because of all the cool app's but just wish it wasn't so expansive I paid about 500 euros almost 800 Canadian 
Im liking this new something with numbers song. and hating on the fact i have gym in fifteen minutes! my toe hurts 
im listen mercy mercedes right now they are my fav top bands i misses those guys alot  i cant to see them at warped tour :-D
I'm listening to @missfree  on I heart radio on 105.1 in NY...I miss her on tv 
Iphone 3.0 finaly here but no jailbreak yet... Wait more.. 
iPhone 3.0 is great but Video is only in S version  - and you prob have to wait for F'version to get flash ;(
iPhone 3.0 loaded.  Still no MMS.    Still no ability to set different alert tones based on the txt msg sender.
iPhone 3.0 needs to work...  my phone is weird. This back up restore had best work I was forced to restore/update it. #iphone
iPhone 3.0 OS is only coming out on 18 June nooo.  1 more day!? The agony!
iPhone 3.0 software update is decent for the original iPhone. Can't wait for MMS 
iphone 3.0 still waiting 
iPhone 3.0 sync'd all night  and then has none of my dev apps 
iPhone 3.0 update delay rumor was making the rounds last night and then died off; I see they're alive and well again this morning. 
iPhone 3.0 upgrade lost half of Kate's apps, and as the family tech guy I'm getting blamed 
iPhone 3.0 will be available at 10am  too much waiting grr
iPhone 3.0 will be released tomorrow, I wont be be here to download it when it comes out. 
iPhone 3.0 won't be any good unitil its jailbroken anyway 
iPhone 3.0's playlist sorting is all messed up. playlists beginning with ! show up at the bottom, and sorting by date added is broken too 
iPhone 3.o Download timed out. Trying again 
iPhone 3G S asap please 
iPhone 3G S killed support for my FireWire AC Adapter that came with my 4th gen iPod. How sad 
iPhone 3GS will hit the stores on Friday and this will be the first time I won't be buying one the 1st day thanks to #ATT 
iPhone 3GSs have sold out.   http://bit.ly/7OJwb  #squarespace #trackle
iPhone activation server issues   Guess I'll have to try tomorrow.
IPhone activation servers are down! 
iPhone app keeps crashing on initial load 
iPhone apps all set up again 
iPhone broke  Off to work with my old phone... we'll see how that goes.
iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home 
iPhone is on a love song kick. It must know I am sad because Lucas is going to be in LA all week. 
iPhone just fell 
iPhone lags and freezes  &lt;/3 gahhh
iPhone OS 3.0 Beta 5 is the buggiest version yet. Yuk. 
iPhone OS 3.0 beta 5 successfully installed, oh you don't have it? Too bad 
iPhone OS 3.0 is far too aggressive with wifi power management - sometimes takes upto 10 secs to come on out of standby. 
iPhone OS 3.0 lets me send contact information to people I already know, but I still can't share contact info with people I just metâ€¦! 
iPhone OS 3.0 on board  no video recording for me 
iPhone OS 3.0 still not available in the Philippine iTunes Store... 
Iphone os 3.0 update comes out today. Not available for download until 10am reportedly   cmon apple not the day to sleep in!
iPhone OS 3.0... still no easy way to simply send a phone number from your contacts to someone else via SMS... 
iPhone OS3 installed fine, a few nice little features but overall nothing that exciting 
iPhone plans are very confusing and at this rate I will never convince my mom to get me one 
iPhone Softare 3.0 is out.. but only for the iPhone 3GS (which isn't released yet  )
Iphone software updat... 230MB.. 38 minutes remaining.. 
iphone still not working... won't be able to twitter on the go today 
iPhone sucks!!!!because i dont have it 
Iphone tweet aplication is not working 
iphone update, not going well so far 
iPhone upgrade complete!  Restoring from backup now, this ... will take a while 
iPhone version 3.0 is the best thing since sliced bread!!! Stupid AT&amp;T won't let us send pics til later this summer tho... 
iphone, down. don't update to 3.0 yet people. 
iPhone: Sinking progress 
iPhoners interested in upgrade details call *639# for personalized msg. Me - not eligible for discount price until 12/17. 
iPhones going, so must I 
iPlayer &quot;now playing&quot; streams (simulcasts) unhappy - http://tinyurl.com/o98ak9 and http://tinyurl.com/qpbaw8 
ipod  went dead  so now i have to wait til i get home 2 charge it!!!!
iPod + rain = no more Wi Fi. Going to the Apple store in the AM for some help I hope 
iPod and sweat (or Water Damage and Warranty)  http://tinyurl.com/nxuf24
iPod broke! Help needed urgently. I don't know where i'd be without it! 
IPOD DEATH. R.I.P 
iPod earbuds get so dirty 
iPod failing. Oxygen supply diminishing. 
iPod feels sluggish since 3.0 update 
iPod has been washed and isn't working... ARGH! 
ipod is 100% completely dead... been charging for 15 minutes and it still says the battery is too low 
ipod is officially deader than dead. time for an upgrade. music has been somwhat backed up. I still think I lost some tracks 
ipod reset 
Ipod showing 'sad ipod display'  I think it may be dead again. 
ipod touch os 3.0 still wont let you sync with google calendar  i could have sworn i read that somewhere
I'm listening to 'Everything We Had' By The academy is... how sad  i was BAWLING when i saw them perform it live! santi&lt;3
i'm listening to Fuck You for the first time in AGESSSSSS - Sarah...where r u to sing along with me ???????  
I'm listening to Matt Costa as I finish packing 
I'm listening to music ... can`t  sleep 
im listening to my babygirl snore....its not easy sleeping with her in my room 
I'm listening to the Adam Corolla Podcast. I miss his show on KWOD. 
im listening to the news.....depression city 
I'm listening to the rasmus... Missed their gig because i had glandular fever  think i caught it at a disturbed gig a couple of weeks  ...
I'm listless but I want to webbie with my friends at the same time. How I wish my bro feels sleepy and go to sleep so I can do it now 
I'm literally BORED ! 
I'm little bit worried... still no reply. 
I'm live @ Molaskey's Pub  http://twurl.cc/p4n  1pmPST ~ SOLO! Pat can't make it   Listen http://live.xtreamhotspot.com:8104
I'm locked for an hour 
I'm lonely  ((cleaning my room...))
I'm lonely  http://plurk.com/p/11fhif
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Albany - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Cincinnati - Ohio
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Cleveland - Ohio
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Corpus Christi - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Duluth - Minnesota
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Fort Worth - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Grand Rapids - Michigan
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Jacksonville - Florida
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Lansing - Michigan
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Louisville - Kentucky
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Madison - Wisconsin
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Milwaukee - Wisconsin
ipod touch: worth the money? because i'm thinking of buying one. my ipod is dead since this morning 
IR interview tommorrow. Yawnzz. It's been 4months since I had a job.. 
Iran Election Crisis: 10 Incredible YouTube Videos!  http://is.gd/188lL Last but one, is really Horrible 
IRAN NEED PROXIES, PLZ SHARE IF U HAVE SOME &quot;trying to upload some videos on youtube, but my proxies do not work..!&quot;  #IranElection
Iran protesters are showing some real Courage, to rally against their supreme leader &amp; disputed president. That's an incoming bloodbath 
Iran state bans rally opposing the election result. There are reports that soldiers had been told to use live rounds.   http://tr.im/owve
IRAN!!!!! MY BELOVED COUNTRY!!!  
Iran, making me cry 
iran.    Neda   wow, what is going on?
Iran: ...authorities arrested 70 university professors 
Iran: Out of Chaos Comes Order - Unfortunately Many Will Be Slaughtered In The Process 
Iranian dead boy carried by crowd http://bit.ly/yOcfm  #IranElection 
Iran's Disputed Election (in pictures): http://bit.ly/cFIcR Captivating at moments 
Iran's making me sad....I pray for my family and all Iranians everyday!! 
irc.mozilla.org is down it seems 
Ireland thanks global warming for out dramatic change in weather. My dog is like, dead on the grass. Sister packing for NJ gonna miss her 
Ireland, what happened to your gloomy weather 
Irish exports up 5%, our company sales more positive - damn the IMF and their cold water 
irk. I wasted the entire morning just because my mom pissed me off 
irked. I can't find my menu plan for this week. And I can't remember what was on it. 
iron chef america... baby octopus... one word...GROSS! i usually love this show, get great ideas, but im not feeling the octopus dishes. 
Iron... Done ! Now, Thinking of my Far Far Far Away Girlfriend. 
Ironic how people fly in and out of your life. When you try to grab 'em they seem to fly away faster. 
Ironic...&quot;Not Meant to Be&quot; by Theory of a Dead Man playing on the pod  #canucks
ironing and trying to find some clothes to pack my bag for next week... difficult decisions 
Ironing done.  No @jess_a_ca though.  Better luck tomorrow! Reading for a bit, then heading to bed.
ironing to do  
Ironing...my least favorite household chore...next to hand washing delicates 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, new york
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Seattle - Washington
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Wichita - Kansas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Wilmington - Delaware
im lonely  please someone text me 858 213 3723... preferably you, Jonas Brothers :] haha
I'm lonely  someone talk to meeee
I'm lonely... Not in the people not being around me way though... 
im looking 4 a new cell 2 get. eep. i want a keyboard 1. i ? 2 txt. but most of my friends dnt have 1 or dnt have unlimited txting 
Im looking at hot topic products. @-) Ahh so bored. 
I'm looking at Lakers in 5.  So disappointing. 
I'm looking at this and my head is exploding. http://www.101languages.net/tagalog/ Grew up in the US. Can understand most, but 
I'm looking for a job, was made redundant at end of March.  There are hardly any part-time jobs suitable.  Very depressing. 
i'm looking for a summer job 
i'm looking for D.O.A. dirty version. not the censored one. 
I'm looking for my camera. It's lost 
I'm looking for someone to go out today! My friends can't 
im looking for that picture of a cat in a pringles can. mana kau simpan zyms? 
I'm looking for the new BFF episode, no luck so far though 
I'm looking to ship some materials (and Google swag) to the DC area for NECC. Anyone in the area willing to receive? ISTE won't. 
Irritated that I can send emails but not receive them! 
irritated with my &quot;love&quot; life   
Irritated!!!!!!! I need to look for other sources of income it seems 
irritating.. I am not able to send DM from twitterfox.. 
Is  ... wishing I wasn't feeling neglected up here...
is  :'-( (tears) http://plurk.com/p/ubkx9
is  :'-( (tears) http://plurk.com/p/xt61h
is  bc kharmas goin' down, down down down! http://plurk.com/p/11sus6
is  bummed, train Groningen - Goes takes 5:30 hours due to freight train accident near Zwolle AND constructions Roosendaal - Breda 
is  but he will get bye. bed time now.
is  in Sydney on Wednesday for training... not really looking forward to work tommorow 
Is  now.
is  starting to load her computer with trashes again. and the fucking yahoo widget installer is not working 
is  watching twilight.  wish my baby was with me 
is  way sicker than yesterday 
is  wishing work was done soon  &lt;3
is #proto #startup chat workin ? for me its not   .... chat.proto.in
is &amp; AT&amp;T getting his dad and sister new phones. The wait is over an hour  blahhhhhh
is &quot;trying&quot; to study  and is longing to watch some cricket!
is (tears)  (doh) http://plurk.com/p/suab6
is (tears) (annoyed) :-&amp; :'-(  (tears) (tears): life is always UNFAIR. hate it. (tears) (tears) http://plurk.com/p/z3d4z
is *so* stinkin' tired..I need more iron or a big year long nap. UGH! 2 coffees, a vitamin and veggies and I still feel like crapola!! 
is ........words cant describe it. Just know its not good 
I think it is sick that I just went to Facebook to check all the invites for stuff so I could update my Google calendar 
i think it is starting to rain... thunder-storm...  i'm scared.
I think it might just be over for denver 
I think it should be illegal to work. 
I think it's a day to sleep. However, I also think I will have to work.. I dont wanna go out anywhere 
I think it's about time I should have some Hot apple. i haven't had any in a long time. 
I think it's bed time for me. 
I think its break time... i am soo not feeling well yet again 
I think it's going be warm this weekend.  I don't like it getting hot.
I think it's gonna be too windy for the beach. Oh well. 
i think it's nice when 1000's of people following you here , i have a long long , verry lon wey to go   going to sleep , Goodnight
I think it's official. I've ran outta things to talk about on here. 
I think its over  that was more fun than I expected lmao
i think it's over for lebron and cleveland. 
I think it's over.... 
i think its raining outside 
I think it's safe to say I'm disinterested in everything today. Blah 
I think its safe to say MTV's original generation and the second generation have been completley alienated. MTV caters only to tweens 
i think its so tragic that @babygirlparis &amp; @nicolerichie dont follow eachother 
i think it's stopped - i hate rumours  kinda sad that someone would make summit up to ruin summit that's going right.
I'm looking up schools of Library Science and Information - U of M looks so good but I could never get in 
i'm loosing followers!!!!!!!!!!! used to be 21 now its 18!!!!!!!!!!! I&quot;M SOOOO SAD    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm loosing my best friend! why his girlfriend hate me?? i need 1 of your hugs!! 
im losing followers .. this isnt good 
i'm losing followers ergh 
I'm losing followers every minute  What's happening?
Im losing much needed sleep bcuz baby kailen decides to wake up @ 2am 
Im losing my followersss 
i'm losing my good mood now.. 
im losing my sanity and ive still got the rest of the night to go  help me
im losing my sanity.. 
Im Losing You by Corinne Bailey Rae.. I love this one.. I wonder how she's doing since losing her hubby    http://tinysong.com/4fam
I'm lost for this evening, my mobile phone cannot cut cheese  Clearly a fail, just by whom ;o ?
I'm lovin this pre summer sun but I wish I was the one out there enjoying for a change 
I'm loving all the songs currently played on X fm, but I have no idea what the titles are.  They're not English. This makes me sad.
I'm loving kill bill 1. Only an hour to go.. 
I'm loving the fact that there is tension on the set of Iron Man 2, poor Gwenyth can't handle being in Scarlett's shadow 
I'm loving the humidity right now...great for the skin....another love that won't last 
I'm loving the new cd just cause valeria send it to me!  it's all her fault but it's OK know i love BEFORE THE STORM 
i think its terribly cruel that the thing that will make me feel better is also the worst thing for me 
I think it's time for bed now, feelin a little sick  tweetuweet
i think it's time for bed. can't believe i've already finished my gossip girl dvds. shattered as. 
I think it's time for me to go to bed, it is midnight and i have school in the morning 
I think it's time for sleep now  I keep trying to vote for Tom but the sites having major issues - not impressed xx
I think it's time for some working out  P.S I'm everything else but sporty! xD
I think it's time I went home. Unfortunately I will have to do some work tonight. 
I think it's time to change blogskin, but I'm lazy 
I think it's time to find a cure for the commen cold. I don't have one but it's getting on my nerves now.  I'm doing home work at mo   X
I think its time to get a blackbery @mrs_schratty I think my iPhone is broken  I can't send any emails out.
I think its time to quit drinkin and start acting like an adult again... 
I think it's unfair I have to miss the sun  all places of work should be closed an writing essays should not be allowed when it's sunny!
i think i'v got the funk, and not the good funk.  stupid nose and throat. 
I think I've been in the heat and humidity too long today cause now I'm feeling sick 
I think I've failed my goal of at least one tweet per day in May  New goal - a tweet a day (minimum) everyday in June! #1
I think I've gone to all shops that sells magazine in Vivo already. But still cannot find the mag that I want!  - http://tweet.sg
I think I've got a cold. 
i think i've got swine flu 
I think I've got the definitions down for the test today in class, now to studying the actual lecture info 
I think I've had too many....my tongue is sore :\ 
I think I've just broken my right thumb, playing Guitar Hero drums.  There should be a warning on the box 
I think i've killed my arm 
Im loving the sun today........but not the hayfever 
im loving the sun, so going to read my peter kay , the sound of laughter book and make the most of it as its forcast rain tomoz 
I'm loving the Twitversation between @Whiffies and @TillamookCheese right now. It doesn't help that I'm really hungry at the moment too. 
im low key glad i lost my camera, cos i love my new one... but i have no pix from vegas  memory is within me hahah..
I'm lowkey gettin bored of twitter 
I'm lying in bed with the flu. I feel terrible. 
I'm lying in bed! Can't sleep - gotta be up at 4 for a shoot!  
I'm lying still in a position where there's no pain, but I need to pee and I really don't want the pain that comes with standing. 
I'm Mac!!!! Yay but now back to revise for a exam that I am definitely going to fail 
Im mad at Austin.HA! 
I'm mad at Kate from Jon&amp;Kate plus 8...she totally put the show before her kids!!!  that's dumb...
I'm mad at my parents because they forget about me sometimes. 
I'm mad at popeyes right now. I don't feel too good 
im mad boreed and i miss seeing @jtimberlake monday it will be 8 months since i saw him  i love ya dude
I'm mad cause I don't have cable in the new apt and just remembered that all the stations r digital, no Saturday mornin cartoons 
Im mad cause im still awake. Ha eating chip and dip lol  well aim me twits. SN itzkeylovebaby
-im mad coldstone dnt have the oatmeal ice cream no more  it use to be on hit LOL
im mad I missed it  I couldnt wait all day to watch it 
Im mad I missed the new Tonight Show!!! I love Conan!!! lol I was look forward to it too 
I'm mad I spelled Jacksonville wrong in my last message... oops! 
Im mad right now. My friend made me feel like shit. 
I'm mad that @tradorjoes was out of my favorite - flattened banana. I even made a special trip just to get it! 
is /b/ down? 
Is @ a dunkin donuts but my frnds won't let me get anything.. This will be the summer of no DD or egg and cheese  #fb
Is @ home in Cologne, in my bed being ill... not so good walking in flipflops when it rains 
is @ home sick   i never thought i'd say this but i miss work 
is @ home!!!!! tired!!!!! 
Is @ work thinking about magarita's!! Damn still over 1 hour to go!! I need a change like yesterday 
is @ work... 
Is @i-sing.. And I hate him for going home 
is @mrtrev still tending the emergency? anyone heard from him? 
is 1 hr. late to work! 
is 1:36 really that late? I'm getting sleepy already 
is 11 DAYSSS til KC09! at schoollll 
Is 25 today.  old!
is 3.0 out yet?  or is it gonna release based on pacific time? 
is 38.1 Celsius a fever?.. that's my temp now 
is 44 today 
is 5 minutes too much to ask for? 
is a bit disappointed that Apple have pushed the iPhone 3.0 software update back a day  http://bit.ly/UwMnn #fb
is a bit disappointed with the weather today 
is a bit fed up with the lack of communication. 
is a bit sad and a bit dreading her stepbrother's wedding and the exam next weekend.  
I'm mad that chip won't buy me a dsi.  I bought him a fucking xbox 360 ten days after we started dating. I deserve a gameboy!
im mad that i cant get you off of my mind..its been some time. and its obvious ur not mine....im need something else to occpuy my mind. 
I'm mad this dang thing wont let me change my pic 
I'm mad.... And upset. 
im madly in love with miss chloe deeley but i messed things up and i fink ive lost her  to sumone better then me
im majorly exhausted but still have to clean the kitchen, do the dishes, clean my bathroom, and take a shower before going to bed. 
I'm making a logo on photoshop &amp; it didn't work out..  hehe.. try again lah..
I'm making a vow to never sleep past 1am ever again! I feel awful! 
I'm making diner tonight I'm nervous 
I'm making some soup, and the onions are very strong and making me cry 
I'm man enough to admit, I got a tad woozy when I took out my 'brow piercing tonight.  I MISS IT!  
I'm meant to be going to my friends concert but he hasn't called me to tell me where it is... so I guess I'm not going  #USAWantsMcFly
i'm meant to be sleeping as ive got to get up early for double tech as ive got my tech exam in the afternoon, ah no. 
I'm meeting my friend in starbucks in... 25 minutes better get moving... i wanna bring my doggy with me though 
im missin my boo  ..... but yea anyway got a couple new vids on Utube check em out...http://cuthut.com/bu ....
I'm missin my Facebook... 
I'm missing @jennaglynn, my boyfriend, and of course the city 
I'm missing @swankboutique and Elly's  but soo happy there is a Hemline in Dallas!
I'm missing @thehunter305 terribly 
I'm missing 16/1000 lightseeds in prince of persia. I sort of want the rest but they're not individually labelled 
I'm missing a dope ass party, a whole shit of work, but most importantly, my baby 
I'm missing being at Brook Hills today. It just doesn't feel right to not be there 
I think I've missed my 2,000th tweet 
I think I've opened the app store app more times today than in the entire year it's existed. Still no Beejive update. 
I think I've sprained my ankle. 
I think Jeremie wants me to get a job.    I'm not sure why he doesn't like having a stay at home wife.
I think kelly is mad at me  and i haven't a clue as to what i have actually done.. she was the one being all weird with me
I think Koa is at vincent's so I don't think he'll be joining us today, 
i think krystal is hott. marsia touches chris' dick and hes cool. his friend docks bus is cool too. im moving after tour 
i think krystal is hott. marsia touches chris' dick and hes cool. his friend docks but is cool too. im moving after tour 
i think mac studio fix broke me out 
I think mine might be too 
I think most of my tweets are about my feet...I swear, they really hurt! 
I think msn is out to get me 
I think my 5 week old is already spoiled. She won't sleep more then 15mins unless I'm holding her 
I think my 50mm lens is broken. Arse! 
I think my allergies are acting up and I need to blow my nose, but I can't find any tissues. 
I think my anemia has returned  My body really hates me.
I think my appendix just blew ouch 
i think my arms are sore from tennis 
i think my battery is depleting faster on my iPhone now 
I think my bet with diana is going to turn into a fail. 
I think my betta fish is dying. 
I think my body/mind has the days muddled up - I got that Monday morning feeling 
I think my book is gone forever... we mourn forever  SHIT!
i think my boyfriend is cheating on me!!!!! 
I think my boyfriend is planning on leaving me for a pair of face cards 
I think my brain has turned to mush - and i want to go on holiday 
I think my breathing is getting worse. gonna call the doctor again. 
I think my camera died 
I think my car is dying. It's so loud 
I think my cat is gonna miss me when I move out! He's acting super lovey dovey rite now! I wish @domobow15 felt lovey 2day. 
i think my cat is pissed at me. 
I think my cell phone is cut off 
is a bit shocked... had a terrible nightmare about het best friend... dying. 
is a bit upset that I suck at bejeweled 
Is a complete idiot who doesn't deserve you 
is a coughing sore throaty mess. Slept in the van at the show a couple times today. Hope tomorrow is better. Swallowing = pain 
is a failure at everything she tries. Why don't I just fucking die 
is a grumpy bastard according to steve 
is a head full of biochem 
Is a lil ____ova...... Don't know how I'm going to make it through this workday 
is a lil sad bc I wont be able toeat a hot dog and Big Kahuna cookie sandwich at the Ranger game tonight! 
is a little 
is a little bit hungry 
Is a little bummed that he doesn't have any plans now 
is a little disappointed that the next twilight movie seems like it is going to be SO different to the book! 
Is a little dissappointed that he might not get to direct the script that he wants!!! 
is a little drunkie and wishing i had my bff's here 
Is a little frustrrated because she can't find her dark denim bermuta shorts. I want to wear them to family fun night 
is a little sad that Jeremy sold his truck that we used for going to the Drive-In 
is a little sad... It's already 11 at night, and he promised to call/text.  Oh, well, I guess my boy is just super busy. &lt;3
is a little under the weather for today 
is a little unsure what to make of T:Salvation. Not as bad as i feared it would be with McG at the helm, but not great either 
is a loner tonight 
is a loyal Yankees fan. Win or Lose!! Her brothers are traders they root for the 7 Train 
is a mess 
I'm missing Conan  Butt I just finished watching the hangover which was fucking amazing
im missing elise.  i need a hug?  anybody? 
I'm missing everything at work  I want pix of @ipinklemonade !!
im missing everything, i hate everyone 
IM MISSING FAMILY GUY 
I'm missing grad and I'm really upset. I know I shouldn't have left it so long, but I did. And now it sucks. 
I'm missing happy hour 
im missing him more than ever..everytime i think about him i want to cry  i loving mine and tallies new song!!
I'm Missing Jessy - I Wish He Didn't Have To Be At Work Today 
I'm missing Joaquin. 
i'm missing Martynov...can't wait 'til you come home soon 
i'm missing my best friends. I miss our fun times together. I love you guys and i miss you so much  
I'm missing my BFF right now. 
i'm missing my channel 8 show now. 
im missing my family and everyone in Singapore very much,,,, whats wrong with me... suddenly i'm homesick... 
I'm missing my free time!   - The final tests are the most horrible tests in the world!! i want vacancions NOW!
I'm missing my friends already. 
im missing my love soooo much.. sometimes i just dont wanna let her leave 
I'm missing my online friendships really badly!  Damnit!
i'm missing my piano and the guitar  i wish i had some good music to listen to.
i'm missing my wife at the MTV Movie Awards!!  Megan i love you, even though i'm not watching youu.
I'm missing not talking to you today; and the weekend'll span an eternity till I see you again 
I'm missing out on WinterSoundSystem due 2 the manflu.  I'm sure the fellas from work are having a great time 
I'm missing Royal Pains and Burn Notice tonight.  I'll have to catch up when I get back into town Sunday. 3 whole days late!
im missing somebody alot right now!  i need her. now.
I'm missing someone badly 
I'm missing the entire Torchwood mini-series in July! 
i'm missing the meat puppets concert tonight 
I'm missing the. MTV awards  oh well the festivities with my hubby should prove to be way more entertaining!
i'm missing those care-free dayss.. sleeping.. goin to the gym.. my usual routine.. then all of a sudden-i just got 2 weeks to enjoy that 
im missing u already... 
I'm missing you babe..  but as long as your alive I'm happy.. Yawwwnn.. I'm tired my love imma try to sleep hopefully you had a headstart
I'm missing you sooo much...where are you?  It's been four days &lt;/3
I'm missing you too 
Im MissN SomeThing 
is a permanent fixture @ Allianz. she even has her own user login details now. 
Is a pit ticket worth $63.00 for Blink/FOB? I'll prob have to go by myself 
is a potential swine flu candidate... uuugh. im missing 2d classes  wrong timing naman.
is a really big turnoff when guys swears too much 
Is a retard and booked Tom on the pm flight. 
Is a sucker for being useless.  
is a tad bit bored today, damn emily leavin for portugal 
is a totall mess, and really doesnt trust alot of things 
Is a whole load of tired!  Still on with the job search! 
is a zombie  &lt;3 hrs sleep, back pain. Flu. What more can I ask.
is about to argue 
Is about to climb the hill to Chapel...and it looks like rain 
Is about to continue a paper that is is due in 15 minutes and I'm not even half done  Pray for me
is about to continue with the bloody Due Diligence......ergh 
is about to cry!  i'll miss u so muuuuucccchhhhh
is about to do his 2 hour workout at the gym gotta love it whoo hoo 
is about to finish Fresh Prince of Bel Air.. Will miss the series 
is about to get on this hair....i sholl dont feel like gettin up bright and early to be at macy*s by 7:45, pray for me! 
is about to get ready for work 
is about to give up on VMPlayer 
is about to go and watch the boys play football in celebration of getting older..happy dayz 
im more tired than i was for school   thumbs down
I'm most likely going to call it off  No one came 
I'm moving in a week but I haven't started packing anything yet. Really not up for it 
I'm moving my stuff out of my apt...  I hate moving
im moving to a dreadful dreadful place monday 
im moving tomorrow  my house is no longer
I'm mrs. lonely.  and I'm also mrs. bloated. fucking a, dude.
im much more of a reader than writer...  like an even less manly version of the saying &quot;im a lover, not a fighter!&quot;
im musically fustrated, i worked so hard on this song for hours on end and still not up to my standards of a good song. im takin a break 
I'm my way to wack ass west chester 
im nakerd need sleep! missing my boyfriend loads hes in scotland while im stuck in rubish blackburn 
I'm nervous that I may have messed up my 100 average 
i'm nervous! my hands are shaking. my dad called me just now and said that me &amp; my family will get injections soon 
I'm nervous....I haven't been for a spinn in over a month...I think I might die or lose a lung 
im never getting married!!! its too damn stressful.... im lowkey dreding aug. 
I'm never going to get all this packing shit done! 
IM NEVER GOING TO TALK T MYSELF EVER AGAIN!!!! 
I'm never gonna find a place that I can afford on my own  looks like I'll be living in my car in a month
I'm never gonna finish these scenes...  uggghhhhhhh
Im Never gonna leave this chair.... But i have to!! 
I'm NEVER grouchy or tired on the internet.....just in real life 
i'm never guna be able to give up on you, even though i have no chance of getting the old 'us' back..so please don't push me away anymore 
i'm never this bored on a full moon 
I'm never using nose strips ever again. It peeled off some of my skin! Now it looks like my nose is burnt 
I'm never venturing near the attic again. I have a splinter in my foot and it hooooorts. 
is about to go be &quot;sociable&quot; although she does not want to.  MEH.  Also her boyfriend has disappointed her again  MEH MEH MEH.
is about to go out for tonight to hang out with some friends one last time before i move! 
Is about to go paint a house, and missing my bestest friend 
Is about to go swimming and wishes Colton could join him!  @IrishKarate
is about to go to a hotel with my sister .... might be the last time i see her and my neice and my mimi....  crying really bad
is about to go to brunch with the fam and yes, it is still 110 degrees outside. 
is about to go to school 
is about to go to soccer tryouts  hot and dry 2day  waaahhh
Is about to go to work....  
is about to have her house photo...looking like death 
is about to head off to his Market Research exam 
is about to hit the town...sorry all my KHH peeps...wish I could have made it to see you guys. Something came up 
is about to jump on a checkout 
is about to leave for school.  Gotta get through 12 more days...
is about to leave Tx.  Back to the real world! UGH
Is about to leavee 
is about to pass out at a host home in Redding.  Only two more days of Common Ground Tour '09 left!  Sadness!!  
I'm new at this and I don't have any friends now!  please comment !
I'm new here 
im new in here 
Im new to Twitter &amp; it wont let me upload a photo  Otherwise I was just cutting my brother's hair for when he goes out tonight! Haha
i'm new!!!!! dunno whatta doo! 
i'm nippy! i'm that cold  my house is always cold ..
Im nit looking forward to tomorrow 
I'm no good at twitter it's too annoying.    Facebook anybody?
I'm not a backstabber. Ugh. Idk what to dooooo 
I'm not a Dad 
I'm not a fan of TB tests. 
I'm not a fan of the new twitter update. I liked reading my peeps's replies to others. It helped me find new people. 
im not a loser! 
I'm not a princess this aint a fairy tale 
Im not a spanish n00b  http://tumblr.com/x261yp4cz
I'm not a techy...I'm clueless a techy would have it up in 5 minutes to my 40 minutes  didn't I say I was clueless hehe
I'm not a very good hipster today. 
I'm not a very good tweeter. Hoping my weigh-in goes well tomorrow even though redman is in town. UGH.  Not expecting much....
Im not a very patient person sometimes. 
I'm not able to go to sleep...  
I'm not all that crazy about seeing a dead baby deer on the side of the road. 
I'm not allowed on the computer till friday, I don't know what to do. 
im not allowed to drink on the steroids and i ate all day  i wish allergic reactions made you skinny and fit looking.
I'm not allowed to talk to my best friend 
I'm not already..   â™« http://blip.fm/~7hsss
I'm not an artist 
I'm not as faithful to Twitter as I used to be... 
I'm not as young as I used to be, these coasters are wicked! Damn now my head aches 
i'm not at all prepared for my math final tomorrow! 
I'm not at school, why? because I still got this freaking headache 
I'm not awake yet 
i'm not being followed 
I'm not bitter, but I've got better days 
i'm not coming to your party, why should i show up? just to see what i can't have? 
I'm not cool enough to rock the pants behind the tongue- http://twitpic.com/7hxxx http://twitpic.com/7hxyy already dirty 
I'm not coping well with this sudden shift in temperature  It's so cold.
im not digging bodyjam's new release 
I'm not digging this awake thing today 
I'm not doin very well...very rough night 
im not doing anything on here i need to get readyyyyy 
im not doing anything today, last night knocked all the enrgy out of me, i feel so ill, my voice is going now  ..i want a shower x
Im not doing much today. My Pirates game has stopped working  Ill Test it on my other XBOX later Also looking for a laptop drive
Im not doing the hunt, i was in the middle of making it but all my work got erased  sry guys, now i look like a idiot for replying 2 all u
im not downloading sims 3  phooo memory card requirements fail. BOOOO ANCIENT PC!!!!
I'm not drawing, awe damn 
i'm not dying for a 7-11 slurpee or anything.  had one earlier, but it was bluerasp. not wild cherry. BOO! 
Im not enjoying myself as very well as i thought i wass 
i'm not entirely sure that mornings are a good thing 
I'm not equipped for these pressures  sigh 
I'm not even close this time...I wanna know...I wanna know... 
I'm not even kidding...I am pretty sure they poisoned me at the work bbq today. I am laying in the sick room right now. 
Im not even up yet and my day is gone...well at least i get to see them hawks tonight jus hope it dont rain 
im not exceted for the shots im about to get  at the clinic, im going to shit my pants
I'm not excited about the new iPhone, I think I've outgrown it.  In fact, I'm too good for Apple now-OH GOD STEVE COME BACK WE MISS YOU!! 
I'm NOT excited for school. Seriously.   SUMMER, SUMMER, SUMMER.
I'm not feel ing good at all. I shouldn't have gone to my friend's house when I knew I was sick 
i'm not feelin' too good today 
I'm not feelin too hot 
im not feeling good at all 
I'm not feeling good today. My tummy's been aching since yesterday. Maybe it's saying I need a better paying job. 
I'm not feeling happy in my head. It feels disconcerting. 
im not feeling my best to day 
im not feeling my best today 
I'm not feeling so good 
I'm not feeling so good . actually I'm very sick 
I'm not feeling so well. 
I'm not feeling the news at all. 
Is about to pick up my uncle eric so we can go to my cousin funeral!! Rip Mary Bradley!! 
is about to play The Sims 2 AGAIN only this time, with Emily.  Damn...Drivers Ed in the freakin' morning. Ugh. 
is about to quit playing truamaa center cause i came to realize that i cant beat it 
Is about to sleep but is terrrified peace outt   http://myloc.me/5hHT
is about to start another long day of work 
is about to start term 2 
IS about to take my Daddy to the AirPort 
is about to take Zachary to the pediatrician to see why he feels so lousy. Poor kid.  #fb
is about to work on her 12 essays due by.... tuesday  dang
Is about to work on installing laminate flooring.. 
is absent in class today..have to send sis to the airport. bye kriz   (bye) http://plurk.com/p/10zx3x
is abso-fuckin-lutely idle in office , and i abso-fuckin-lutely hate it 
Is absolutely heartbroken today is the last christina day 
is absolutely nakerd 
is absolutely rubbish at designing posters and flyers 
Is absolutely sick of riding the bus, sick of school and sick of living so far from the church. what an attitude!!! 
is actual gonna need a new job and not just want 
is actual soaking. Edinburgh better be dry 
is actually fed up of filling in application forms. 
is actually forcing herself to look at the music revision, i think this a-level may be a bit shite 
is actually going to play today..even if it involves paying off the card 
is actually kinda sad school is over  but really excited for summer!
is actually quite nervous about meeting the germans, what if they dont like me 
is actually sick from the medicine  hopefully going to sleep now
I'm not feeling these amazon creatures that they have here in FL 
I'm not feeling to clever this morning 
I'm not feeling tonight's episode of SYTYCD at all 
I'm not feeling too good  getting sicky-poo 
I'm not feeling too great today. Sympathy please 
I'm not feeling too hot   .. Today is the last day of classes!!! Woo hoo!!! It's partay time!! Once I feel better that is 
i'm not feeling too well now  i dunno why but i feel like all my energy just disappeared and i'm about to just pass out... EEEEK!
im not feeling too well! 
I'm not feeling totally recovered yet 
I'm not feeling well today......boo 
Im not feeling well!! Damn.. I want to sleep! 
im not feeling well, but i miss to much school  i got like, 3 hours of sleep, today isnt going to be good, noooooooooot at all
I'm not feeling well.. I have a huge headache and I can't stop thinking about things and it makes my head worse  going to sleep. xoxooo
i'm not fine, i'm in pain..........  GOD.......... its hurting me,,, i wish i can moving on like fast  
I'm not getting any twitter updates from anyone. 
I'm not getting atreplies  so i'm not ignoring you.
I'm not getting txt updates! 
I'm not goin anywhere near the apple store today because I might just cry! Damn I have to walk past it to get to supermarket 
i'm not going anywhere  but i'm watching niley performing #BTS today! eeep  can't wait! #BTS
I'm not going onto Womans Hr today  They postponed til next week.
I'm not going to be a bitch, so I won't be choked by Celia after Dani writes a news article about Twitter 
i'm not going to buy the blackberry! my mum doesn't want to! damn it!! my dream is over! 
I'm not going to CIF tomorrow  Darn you, motherrrr.
im not going to make it out tonight my daughters temp hasnt went down dnt feel comfortable leaving her  i really was wantn to tho
i'm not going to see my daddy till july 3rd. 
Is actually wanting iTunes to violate his computer but can't get it to open  wtf!
is afraid of old people with old people spots 
is afraid of the dark 
is afraid of the weather on sunday. maybe we have to put off the picnic ... 
is afraid to go CORPORATE  *college* http://plurk.com/p/rdiym
is again in the math lab 
is again working but theres no sun  wish Lisa was here!!!!
is aghast at No 23's efforts to hang lace curtains! Obviously she was never taught the difference between metric &amp; imperial at school 
Is agreeing to work 
is ahhh, everyones at mitchel musso's concert, but me!!!  CAN JULY 12TH COME ANY SLOWER!?
is all achey. I hope I'm not getting sick  off to bed.
is all alone 
is all alone  sick of doing this assignment! someone do it for me!!!
is all alone for the evening! 
is all alone in the office!! soooo quiet 
is all alone today 
is all alooone  @FaridahF @Anyabarker our room is scary without u two  come back soon!
Is all burnt and sore 
is all coffee'd out...and my knee hurts 
is all on her own.  crap weekend already.
is all out of cayenne pepper so is sad panda.  Time to lay off the tweets.
is all out of love and so lost without it !!!! 
is all packed and ready 2 go home  xxx
I think my chair is telling me I do too much chair dancing.  One of the arm spindles just broke 
I think my computer is sick 
I think my computer is trying to tell me it wants a vacation. 
i think my crank has just gone down!!!!!! 
I think my dad's girlfriend is changing my dad and its killing our relationship. 
i think my dd going to make me play stupid zomg  i don't wanna!!!
i think my desktop is one step closer to logging on to the great junker hq in the sky 
I think my dog got stung by a bee! 
I think my dog just killed a baby thrush! 
I think my dog might have worms 
I think my espresso addiction is coming back. 
I Think my facebook got hacked 
i think my favorite calvin klein panties are being discontinued.  i must stock up but theyre 16 bucks each!!!
I think my finger is infected.  
I think my fisk Fiskulf might have become depressed, all he does is hang around on the bottom of the tank all day and barely eats! 
I think my flight is delayed   its not here yet
I think my friend, and brother hate me. 
I think my friends already sick of hearing me talk about McFly...   but i canÂ´t stop...
I think my guild is going to fall apart soon 
I think my hair is just falling out. Grrr where has it all gone seems short suddenly 
I think my hair is thinning 
I think my head is going to explode 
I think my head it frozen, now I have a headache. 
i think my head's about to explode, like literally. oww! 
I think my heart is worn out, no more please 
I think my horse needs hock and stifle injections and I'm broke 
i think my house MAY be haunted, ps- i'm really going to miss @jayfr3sh and @Breco_71 
I think my idea for Yasmeins birthdaygift is good, but.. FAIL. I screwed it up  Damn.
I think my iPhone is broke 
I think my iPhone speaker is zapping out 
I think my ipod is dying 
i think my ipod just pooped out on me 
I think my iTouch has died 
I think my jade plant was hit with blight 
i think my jb necklace has given me a rash 
I think my keyboard on my blackberry bold is wearing out.  I've only had it since jan 1st! 
I think my knee injury has been underdiagnosed. I swear I have a meniscus issue too 
I think my laptop is broken again... I'm going to scream 
I think my laptop just crashed..I don't need another expenses 
I think my laptop just died........................  .................... 
I think my left ankle is messed up 
I think my leg is going to fall off.  What the hell happened?  I can barely walk.  Damn! 
I'm not going to see the AC2 trailer until this morning  I'm a sad panda!
I'm not going to take my life soooo seriously, I'm never going to make it out alive anyway. That's a funny thought-Now Eternity Worry 
I'm not going to the bike race this year 
I'm not going to the Movie Awards!  Just 'cause I'm at Venezuela Â¬Â¬ haha but I don't care, not too much! lol xD
im not going to the summertime ball either, damn birmingham too far 
im not going to TJ anymore tomorrow... 
I'm not gonna be able to see my cousins tomorrow  This sucks...
I'm not gonna be tweeting for awhile because of that freakin tests!  bye
Im not gonna go. Dont want to go alone, and no one could come late notice. 
i'm not gonna lie.... i was hoping it would rain so my family couldn't have a bbq without me 
i'm not gonna wake up in time for school tomorow...i just know it, i've been going to bed at 3/4am everyday and waking up at 11am 
Im not good at waiting at ALL! 
I'm not half the man I used to be 
im not happy at all. im VERY 
im not happy enough without you 
im not happy with this weather   
i'm not happy, Jenson and Rubens have the same amount of fuel and Rubens did so much better. bad day for Jenson 
I'm not happy. I woke up at 5.30am this morning and didn't get to sleep again till 6.45am  
I'm not having a good day so far. 
I'm not having a good day Tweeple... I need some cheering up!  Or somethin...
Im not having a very good day 
Im not having fun at all today  w
im not im at home waiting for my my mums new bed i just wanna be in town 
I'm not In 5ss. Oh well 
IM NOT IN LOVE 
Im not in skool..cough..im sick 
Im not in the best mood  i wish people would just not talk right now
I'm not in the car next to you 
i'm not in the mood  ap exams, pms, more PCD drama? i want to throw up
im not in the mood to eat anymore 
Im not in the mood to go skateboarding right now the weather is so bad  stupid weather !!!!
I'm not in the mood to reply their wall ,sorry 
I'm not in the mood to study  ::somebody help me. . .::
im not insincere 
Im not into FF TODAY 
I'm not into the idea of living without out. I'm not into the idea of being without you. 
im not jst tan ryt now..eiw..m dark &amp; my back s swollen,myt b bcuz of d salt sea water or myt b d chlorine of d pool  bt stil its FUN! 
I'm not leaving. But people are.  
I'm not liking the weather mother nature's giving us. 
im not lookin forward to another long day at work tomorrow 
I'm not looking foward to my biology exam this afternoon 
I'm not moving to fast this morning  WAKE UP! WAKE UP!
I'm not much of a tweeter lately.  Makes me sad.  
I'm not on tour with skyway. I am sitting at home, bored 
Im not over something thatvhappened almost a year ago... Get over it arthur... Dont just pretend 
i'm not perfect  client just informed me that i missed an appendix page. expect scolding from my boss presently.
im not perfect  my scalp is dry, my hair is unhealthy, i have a pimple, im bloated, my tan lines are gross, and im going to bed.
im not playing basketball tonight because my groin is sore 
im not ready 
im not ready 2 leave ireland 
I'm not ready for it to be 90 degrees 
I'm not ready for school yet 
I'm not ready for this exam 
im not ready for today 
I'm not ready for today. Today I have to say bye to my three closest friends here and I have no clue when I'll get to see them again. 
i'm not ready for tomorrow's competition! 
I'm not ready to move into a new house 
I'm not ready to retire my iphone  but at the same time there some stuff in palm pre that I really like
I'm not ready to study ..  xd
i'm not really looking forward to this week 
i'm not really putting much effort in what i'm doin' right now... i don't wanna go to school 
I'm not rich  but i'm manner guy !!
I'm not rock and roll enough for you. 
I'm not saying I'm the most interesting person in the world -but why is it that bots/spam not awesomely cool ppl (like urself) follow me? 
i'm not short.., i'm just vertically challenged   
I'm not sick, I'm not sick...wait, I am  
I'm not signing up for early shows anymore. I'm not awake enough to be quickwitted enough to make sales at 7:30am.  blah! Sleep?
Is all wet and horrible,   Hatesss Rainn Tani where are you?
is allergic to her job 
is almost afraid to use the old, almost broken down laptop. But hey, whatever works. Kimora is still hopelessly sick. 
is almost grounded by little mistake  How to overcome by guilty consciousness??
is almost home  i wanna go back to AB
is almost there .... ALMOST THERE!!!! this poster is the only thing keeping me on the struggle bus 
is alrady missin' gymnastics  &lt;/3
is already having a very frustrating morning 
Is already having to hold back tears thinking abt all the beautiful People we will b leaving behind when we leave Sydney 
is already looking forward to the weekend.  This week is packed full. 
is already missin' her bebe soooooo much.  *i love you bebe ko ingat ka pag-uwi mwah* http://plurk.com/p/12gvr2
is already missing a certain someone  hmmppffff oh well new moon trailer in the morning 
is already missing her team  http://plurk.com/p/z4iz8
Is already ready to go home.  
Is already turning out to be a terrible roommate 
is already up and getting ready for the road trip.  No job calls so far today 
is also ill and will be missing yahoo GGD  absolutely gutted.
is also pissed that she didn't get her money.  http://plurk.com/p/1138tn
is always looking sombre. don't know why. 
is amazed how fast dropbox actaully works  and how slow idisk is  so probably not paying for MobileMe and switch to other services??
is amazed how quicly my stress lever spikes when I take the train 
is amused that the #AMS #WLAN blocks some job sites now but still allows eg. lifehacker. It does #block the twitter API too. 
is an idiot.  A diagram with 6'x8' cutting lines will not work on 4'x8' boards.  
is an idiot. I did not use sunscreen at all today, and was in the sun for over 5 hours. The effects are now showing up 
i think my mac is coming to the end of its life 
i think my mam hates me i have annoyed her all day about her getting me a new horse. i better stop annoyin hershe is about to ground me 
i think my mechanic sabotaged my car. my muffler just fell out 
I think my momma had a good mothers day, I beshowered her with so many gifts! =D aaaaah, I want moar funfetti CAKE 
I think my mom's dog suffers from doggy depression. 
I think my nails are beyond repair 
I think my neighbors are dead &amp; left 89.3 turned on. Too bad it sounds like it's tuned to 89.4 
I think my nice vacation has ended. Mother nature has kicked in. Ugh sad face. Im in the middle of a park with no bed 
i think my personal computer is broken 
I think my phone has no reception in my room? 
i think my phone is possesed..  i hope it isn't ..then i have 2 go and get a new phone.. and i want the alias 2!!!!!! da
I think my phone stopped updating my tweets  In other news I now have 40/40 points in my class so hurrah!
i think my poor dog has to go to the vet 
I think my puppy's sick 
i think my right eye is getting smaller. 
I think my router died 
I think my Sheese has gone off - funny taste.  Not happy 
i think my sim card has died 
I think my speed and stamina have dropped quite a bit after soccer Nationals, since training's stopped. 
I think my sunburn is going to scar 
i think my Susan Boyle is leakin on my recliner 
I think my teacher doesn't give her class something valuable 
I think my throat is on fire 
I think my tolerance for alcohol is slowly, but surely, waning. Woe is me 
I think my tweets suggest I have bipolar disorder hahahah 
I think my tweets would be more interesting if my LIFE were more interesting 
I think my twitter is attackd by a kind of worm 
i think my twitter is broken  well goodnight twitter peeps.
I think my whole body aches. I was pretty lazy @ work tonight, something that NEVER happens.  Three days in a row was a killer.
I think my wisdom teeth r coming in bc my mouth is in so much pain  sad story!
i think my wisdom tooth is coming through 
i think myy puppy thinks my brother is his owner...im jealous. he doesnt love me. 
I think Nadal had sex last night...sab energy drain ho gaya and some stupid got lucky 
I think Nico Vega just canceled their TX dates next month.  Oh well. Hope Aja feels better.
i'm not so good tonight..i feel sick  bad thing...better to go to sleep..i will be better tomorrow..night night
I'm not so happy about working on Saturday, though it's part time 
I'm not so sure I would have got a mac had I known just how many things aren't compatible 
I'm not superstitious, but the back of my engagement ring just split. Only had it since sunday 
i'm not supposed to miss you this much. really. i'm not supposed to &quot;like&quot; you either. 
I'm not sure #tenpinbowlingisdangerous is going to become a trending topic 
I'm not sure about this twitter thing. I don't like these people I don't know trying to follow me. 
I'm not sure football's worth all this bollocking around. I set off from my parents' 55 minutes ago. I've managed a few hundred metres 
I'm not sure how, but I killed my lavender plant within 3 days--the hardest plant to kill.  
I'm not sure I understand what's going on tonight. Agh 
I'm not sure if I like that shrink tweet tool on ubertwitter. I like to spell my word correctly if I can. Can't get w/ someone = sum1. 
I'm not sure if I'm a human or a machine. 
im not sure if its right but ermm IM FEELING FREAKY HUNGRY NOW!! i cud eat a cow! OMGawd... yes i skipped breaky today 
I'm not sure if this is working - told you I don't know how to use Twitter 
I'm not sure if Walking In Memphis should have made me this sad. 
I'm not sure if you have heard, but Farrah Fawcet has passed away 
I'm not sure what days I dislike most. It's a close tie btwn Mondays and Wedsendays. 
I'm not sure which is worse, Twitter spam from Internet Marketers, or Overtweeting from the self-proclaimed digerati!!!  
Im not the one that you want I'll only let you down and I'm pretty sure that you've caught on. And you can say im feeling sry for myself 
Im not there is on cable..dang missed much of it..hope it repeats soon; it's so hard 2C Heath tho..such a loss of talent  luv Rich Gere ;0
I'm Not There is on HBO in 30 minutes! Got excited then remembered I should get some sleep tonight. And why is it not on again soon? Sad 
im not tired 
I'm not tired at all. I've been awake since 11:00 pm and it's now 3:00 am. I don't want to go to school tomorrow. 
I think one of my stitches are loose. 
I think one of RiDATA CF cards lost my images 
i think ontdai just hurt itself. 
I think our pho place uses MSG  Feeling nauseous.
I think passing out means something is wrong?  bloodwork tomorrow
I think people should have the same picture thingy on here as on Facebook so I can tell who you all are. This is very confusing 
I think people that work at dmv hate their jobs 
I think PhTwitter is not working 
I think Poh is on her way out 
I think Red Bull is gross 
I think Rusky has had a slight relapse. She can barely keep her eyes open and she's not eating 
I think Samuel Adams is too bitter for me 
I think she secretly hates me 2. 
I think she's avoiding me 
i think shes mad cause everybdy got opportunity to get the D except her 
I think shopping solves the world's problems. If only I didn't have to leave Atlanta tomorrow 
I think shorts n t-shirt 2day but wish i hav sum neons. But i dont hav ne! 
I think some 'kind' train passenger has passed on their germs  Am thinking facemarks arent such a bad idea after all *coughs* *dies*
I think someone ate my McFlurry at work, what the heck!? Not cool. 
I think someone bought my dream house 
i think someone got shot again  hahah the helicopter will NOT stop hovering around the complex with its stupid light invading my window
i think someone in this area is having a party  shut up doof doof music 
i think someone put a spell on JesseTheJeep 
I think someone should keep me updated on the CMT awards since I won't be home 
i think someone's in my house but im afraid to check downstairs..  boo..
I think something is draining my iPhone battery. Can't figure out what though 
i think something's wrong with twitter. i can't add favortes 
i think spoon is sick 
I think sum1 by the name of @LeBelle has been dodging me and this whole letting me get her old laptop situation...sum1 tel her stop plz 
I think supporting PETA might be a deal-breaker. 
im not up this early for pleasure, got called to go save a friend of a friend from getting arrested. half way there his wife got him 
I'm not upset cause I haven't spoken to you... I'm hurt that I tried to contact you and you just pushed me to the left, I didn't matter 
I'm not very happy at the moment,ouch,ouch,ouch 
Im not very well atall. How can one wee person vomit up so much black sludge? Not nice 
im not watchin MTV movie awards  im soo saaaaaaad!!!
i'm not watching secret life until 10   i'm being a good best friend and waiting until she WAKES UP.
I'm not watching SNL tonight idk y, I just don't feel like it 
im not watching the footy show tonight, cause i love Matty, and that girl is a lsut and channel 9 are homos for sacking him 
im not watching the game 
I'm not watching the VMAs because I don't get it in my room anymore and my dad is watching some stupid ass show in here. 
I'm not well, probably won't be anytime soon 
I'm now @ work    had a nice morning w/ my family &amp; soccer  
I'm now officially a resident of Mile End Road, London. Going to be so so skint these next 12 months. No holiday for me 
I'm now on day 3 of being home sick. Know what really sucks? I have to go to work tomorrow, no matter how I feel 
i'm now starting to see the &quot;sensitive skin&quot; quality that goes along with Westies. poor Bandit keeps getting crazy infections 
I'm now starving and still don't know what I want  Gotta leave the office to get food. Any ideas?
I'm now Twittering the sermon: There's a national push 4 churches 2 b authentic, but it's not the kind God would approve... 
i'm nursing my anger over my negative bank acct balance with dunkin donuts iced coffee &amp; munchkins ... helping but still a little 
im obsessed with star trek  this is sad.
im off again *sighs* i have no energy anymore 
im off ily alll xx its the beggining of a long day 
I'm off in search of printer ink &amp; a new keyboard soon for my 3 day studyathon. No family bbqs  or trips  to the park for  Sticky   boo!
I'm off my crutches finally, still got the brace though 
I'm off school today.. i got like an hour sleep, gah! 
I'm off sick again and I feel worse today than yesterday.  Boo. 
I'm off to a wedding, then lunchtime reception- then its home to Sydney. I wish I had a little more time here with the fam 
I'm off to bed  .... early mornings are killling meeeee!!!
im off to bed. no reason to stay awake, not like anybodys talking to me. 
I'm off to bed... way to late... will likely be a sac a shit at work tomorrow.  
i'm off to cuz's to swim... so much fun!!! i â™¥ swimming!!! â˜ºâ˜»â™¥!!! my plants are doing well, but some are dying...  i â™¥ cuz and 3oh3
I'm off to do some work for the French exams, why do two in one day 
Im off to Liverpool to see my mum. I wish I wasnt so disorganised..have a whole week of people to see..what to pack?!?! Dilemma 
Im off to shower people.....Thank God for that! I want to use Jenni's quote about peas and grease but I can't think of it 
I'm off to sleep, tomorow I work again....don't wanna  I wanna go back to Spain, to my hunk :'-( I miss him sniff sniff, night everyone
I'm off to summer school! 
I'm off to summer school... It's so sad. I really, truly have not been out of the house. So, this is actually exciting... 
I'm off to take my calculus test 
I'm off to the beach - for all the wrong reasons 
I'm off to the shops to buy healthy low calorie food  And possibly a new bra. And to test my new sunglasses (yes I had a spree yesterday!)
is angry my tan is fading every second that there is no sun - i need tan maintenance!! ibiza seems many moons ago 
Is angry that he won't be in Cornwall when the boardmasters surfing competion is on 
is angry that when I make up a song, I can never remember it and I only get a hook or beginning then have a mental block 
Is angry the game wont load 
is annoyed ... Ping.FM GTalk account is now MIA. 
is annoyed at every small thing 
is annoyed he missed the second sale of BlizzCon tickets! 
is annoyed it's raining.....wanna get out of the house 
is annoyed our network is down for iphones... grrrr. Epitome of modern inconvenience!  not happy jan!
is annoyed she couldnt spend the day with her brother. Damn you EB and damn you annoying Photographers!!! 
is annoyed that all his Google bookmarks have mysteriously and spontaneously disappeared   time to re-visit Delicious...
is annoyed that argos have run out of the camera she wants 
is annoyed that he's oncall this weekend 
Is annoyed that is aint sunny!! 
is annoyed that my brain keeps telling me its Friday 
is annoyed that she doesn't have her phone with her today 
is annoyed that the Tonys aren't shown on British TV.   
is annoyed that there's no more bread in the house! 
is annoyed that we aren't trusted because they have no idea how many plans that fucks up 
is annoyed with certain people 
is anxious about something - don't know what  i hate this feeling!
is anxious to post some new work....but first things first...www.theMASman.com reconstruction isn't done yet. 
Is any there 
Is anybody online that I can talk to! And it's still raining here 
is anybody streaming it live, if so where!?   #e3
is anybody streaming it live, if so where!?  #e3
is anyone else always getting signed out of twitter? and omgosh still so much studying 
Is anyone else as sad as I am about Farrah being in her last moments? 
Is anyone else feeling disgustingly hot however much they fan themselves? 
is anyone else getting error 2032 when trying to install tweetdeck? 
Is anyone else having a bad Friday? Is not a fun day today. 
Is anyone else having issues with a godaddy hosted WP blog? michaelvalli.com is down for me... 
Is anyone else having issues with their NameCheap domain(s)? 
is anyone else having massive log in/access problems with Hotmail?  I can't even get a question posted to their msg board 
Is anyone else having trouble unfollowing people? I just tried removing three and my following count when UP one. 
I think that @Mixboy2105 (JD) and  @popshuvit should have won awards  but congrats to @flizzow   i bet @istayedwoke is very proud 
I think that cleaning my closet/underwear drawer would take a lot less time if i weren't so obsessive about color coordination!!! 
i think that diversity have won tbh but i really want susan to win! 
I think that I am not perfect..... 
I think that im dying . . . . . Legit 
I think that mowing the lawn should not be allowed to be done by teenagers. It sucks! Well off to mow. 
I think that not having sex sucks. 
I think that this song is my new guilty pleasure: http://bit.ly/ljEK9  Sorry, Cobra. 
i think that was the worst shift i have ever worked, people are so bloody stupid, seriously. // no cold rock anymore? 
I Think that washing up liquid smells really bad 
I think the #squarespace people forgot about me  NO APPLE PIE FOR YOU!
I think the &quot;service outage&quot; did more harm than good 
i think the banana bread tastes good?  i can't really tell cause i'm so congested 
I think the bf is annoyed with me 
I think the CSS isn't loading for me in twitter. 
i think the dogs givin me itches &amp; shit i cant stop scratchin ! 
I think The Fashion Show is a project runway knockoff, and seriously lower classed 
I think the house has ghosts... I miss my phone 
I think the internet just died. It's so quiet 
I think the iPhone 3.0. Update will come at 12am, pacific time, which is 3 am for me 
i think the jeans i wore last night are finished.  they are my favorite pair. 
I think the key to #squarespace is to be the one who posts just as they search for the term.... so I will never win 
I think the little bastards got me sic...I am gonna try to  walk it off  
I think the little elves that do housework while we are sleeping forgot to stop at my house last night 
I think the man next to me is crying.  
I think the repair guy at Venomspite is a little pissed at us for not visiting much. We used to be so close. Poor guy 
I think the shuttle bus driver is a wannabe race car driver  #fb
I think the Tonight is now perfect!! It's like a &quot;SUPER Late Night&quot; now. My ONLY complaint is Andy's not on the couch! 
I think the washing machine is broken - hope I can find the warranty stuff 
i think the white boxer pups fell through....bummer 
I think the whole MarioWiki is down now. 
I think the world has it out for me!  The week is going to be continuously rainy!  No golf for me this week!  I think I need to move!
I think the youtube on my g1 is homophobic! It force closes on the @lovebscott vids I wana c! still haven't seen the Spec responce vid 
I think there are times when you're &quot;on&quot; and you're supposed to be &quot;off&quot; and vice versa cuz my body shut down on me today. Patoowee 
i think there was too much eggs, spam and cheese in my eggs, spam and cheese. I feel sick 
i think theres a party in my house, and the spiders didnt invite me 
I think there's a problem with the ISP in this area or something...my connection go too slow to do anything online yesterday &amp; today 
I think there's racoons outside but I'm not even daring to check! A stern &quot;get out of here&quot; should suffice. I hope. 
I think there's something wrong with Nelson. He's really angry and quiet 
I think they need to find opponents for Anderson Silva that he feels have a remote chance of beating him... 
i think they no longer loved me  isn't karma, but i already say sorry to her
I think they should let Redmond out of prison so he can spend time with Farrah  I love Farrah Fawcett
i think they will actually make me depressed because i don't have any.   the little ones @ church call me mama and they act like they
I think this bands guitars wanna commit suicide 
I'm off to the show! I am excited but wish it was KOL  lol They've ruined all other music for me, I swear! lol
I'm off to trawl the job boards for a bit 
I'm off to visit my poorly mum today, A week 'til she has to have an op to make her eye socket larger. Poor mum! 
I'm off to work  be sure to add pnollen aka flashunderwear to you tweet! have a good day gang!
I'm off to work  Hurry up weekend!
I'm off to work with no car  got stolen crazy asian guy
I'm off! 
I'm off, studing for the exam on Monday. I'm getting the feeling that this might become a fail. 
im off. not feeling well..  bye evryone!
Im off... Goodnight Peopless  
I'm off... Tomorrow, we have to run 1000 km for P.E. class... You know how much I hate it... 
im offcially broke 
im offfff have to revisee 
I'm offically half-less  Heading home to tidy up the wonderful chaos, and drown my sorrows in junk food. So proud of you, @joallen17!
I'm officially a loser 
I'm officially an insomniac 
I'm officially bored  what should I do @SIYA_ what's good man? @OfficialBgizzle how'd the meeting go??
Im officially burned out.  
I'm officially getting sick - no!!! Laying in my bed 
I'm officially having the worst day ever 
I'm officially heart broken... Kelsea cried because she didn't want to leave me. Ouch 
Is anyone else not getting the tweets via text?? Haven't gotten mine all day.  boooooooo
is anyone else not studying this weekend? no one wants to play 
Is anyone getting the new iPhone 3G s today? I'm not eligible for an upgrade w/ AT &amp; T til July.  lol http://tinyurl.com/lghkck
Is anyone getting twitter updates on their phone?? I'm not 
is anyone going to the 789 gathering?? I wanna go soo badly 
is anyone having problems with Twitterriffic?  won't let me &quot;connect&quot;.  
Is anyone here to talk to 
Is anyone in the library? I just realised that I'm a penless fool 
Is anyone interested in a Recessionista Shop Crawl ticket for tomorrow night? Bought one for a friend, but they had to bail. 
Is anyone leaving Australia any time soon? take me with you! Pretty please i beg of you! Must escape boredom....Have mercy    
is anyone on right now D: i feel so lonely!!  @combustiblesong  -poke-  &gt;.&gt;
is anyone out there??  so bored at work...
is anyone still awake? i'm lonely 
Is anyone up for the midnight show for Transformers tomorrow night? 
Is anyone willing to come by my house and drop off a box of Jr. Mints?  I'd love you forever.
Is appalled by my behavior lately. I think I need to start taking my own advice -  Everyone has those days...right miley..Work all day..
is apparently still on KL time, because it is 3 am in NZ. 
is apperently qettin a lil sick uqqqh. two days before ii qo out of town.  aint that some ish
is applying for internships and missing her boyfriend. 
is are still sad about Duke Nukem Forever being canceled  http://ping.fm/Udshc
Is arguing with his lil bro as to who gets to drink and who has to drive 
Is as ecstatic as a private school girl forced to wear a uniform to go to lunch with my overly invasive Grandmother 
is as sick as a dog 
Is ashamed of her lazy bad decisions bad judgment with roomates bad judgment with alcohol  I am sad
is ashamed to admit that she struggled with her math homework more than she should have... 
is ashley don with her time at disney channel? i never see her there any more 
is askin whwere the hell of pejaten village is?? Ohh gossshh bloody hotttt!!!!!! 
i think this dress shows too much cleavage hm but i dunno what else to wear  what a predicament *sigh*
i think this is a record for me...a week since my last tweet..what's happening to me? 
i think this is the first Father's Day I won't see my dad...he's in Paris for business.  Kind of sad 
I think this is the first time i'm so sad and depressed about going overseas 
I think this is the first time I've ever not wanted a friday to come 
I think this may ba one of those days where I have nothing to do 
I think this may be the earliest that I've ever turned in on Derby! The sad part is, I'll have to be up at this time tomorrow morning 
I think this whole week is gonna be spent getting caught up. I'm majorily behind in most of my classes 
I think this will be another night without sleeping 
i think this will be the best summer yet. i get to swim, hang out, and go to camp! but i have to read boring books 
I think thomasgave me the flu! I've got a sore throat.. runny nose n don't feel gd  He was like this the other day! Arrghhh!  x
I think throwing up is my least favorite form of being sick 
I think tweetdeck is defective.  I'm not getting updates.   So sad...
i think twitter hates me! why he don't accept my photo? 
I think Twitter on Facebook may be more handy since I cannot get twitter on my phone. 
I think vacation is making me gain weight  So much good food!! Fishing in the am!
I think wayyyy too much 
I think we lost @sarahockler  #20BoySummer
I'm officially home and missing my man. 
I'm officially in a really bad mood 
I'm officially on holiday! A week in Center Parcs, no internets  bye my peeps, see you when I return...
I'm officially on punishment &amp; its well deserved!  What should I deprive myself of? BOL! Ok Sex! No sex 4 a week! Haha!
I'm officially Pam Beasley again.  Sigh.  Worried about the newborn bunny I left behind at home 
I'm officially sick! I have a sickening headache and weary eyes... feel dizzy when walking. Have to rest all day I guess... 
I'm officially... Confused. 
im oficially the worst person ever 
I'm ok. This happens ALL the time. Especially with my feet. I'm always smashing my feet on furniture so must keep nails Ã¼ber short. 
I'm OKAY! yeah. eh. no, I'm not okay  just a little worried about him  huhu
I'm On A Boat Mutha Fuckerr. aha! // nop jk doin hmwk.. I wish I was on a boat tho 
I'm on a boat...no, really...I'm on a boat! No mermaids. 
Im on a complaint ramapge!! FUCKKK work in the morning, and to top it off I gotta come in extra early cus of some elem. school fieldtrip! 
I'm on a diet and on a budget  which 1 will be the 1st I will cheat on? Neither!! I'm strong!!! I'm strong????
im on an italian chat site with maddy speaking.. spanish. i have no idea what they're saying 
I'm on bussiness trip in Yantai, China. here weather is noot good 
I'm on day 8 of the Master Cleanse and 10 pounds lighter! I'm hoping for 5 more lbs before it's all over!  Still no DWYL tickets yet 
I'm on emergency leave...my little Andre has a fever 
I'm on episode 10 on true blood, what i really hate is people that just blur out everything, YEA thanks no i don't want to watch it now 
is asking 4 prayers 4 my grandma. shes in the ER 4 the 3rd time in 2 wks. just a few more months til she visits &amp; im really worried  &lt;/3
IS ASKING ALL OF TWITTER.... HOW DO YOU GET GREAT AMOUNT OF TWITTER TRAFFIC TO BE SENT TO YOUR WEBSITE???? THATS ALL I ASK? PLEASE HELP!! 
Is asleeep. Grounded.  no phone leave it here or myspace.
is assaulting Craigslist with ads begging 4 photography work. No luck so far.  Did get an invite to the Nikon D90 group on Flickr tho!
is assignment time 
Is at @xx_LEENAH_xx house having dinner! She has to work! What a killer! 
is at 6thform with @petermikeman preparing for a mahoosive 3 hour exam  im losing the will to live!!
is at a bar where everyone else has someone but me. Sad face. 
Is at a beautiful cabin on the lake but can't stop watching the news 
Is at a kids party when I should be in the sun 
is at a loss of words now that heidi and spencer aren't on twitter 
is at a party with TONS of alcohol but cant drink  lame
is at adams having a major cake craving! hayfever is killing me though 
is at Applebee's....am missing my father n law 
is at Buckingham Palace, but no wi-fi 
Is at church for @garygibson last day as Fumc pastor 
is at cindy babys house......taking in these last fridays we have together  DR!!! i hope
is at coffee club, going to school 
is at college bored silly in key skills 
is at college boreddd 
is at college filling out boring forms 
is at college! 
is at college.. wants her sausage egg and tom sarny thoo 
Is at College...Didnt Mind Drawing But Aint Liking This Buisness assignment 
is at CSU for her sociology FINAL review!!! I just love coming to CSU on a Sunday! NOT! 
Is at deaths door oh roll on 7pm get me home 
Is at dinner and it looks gross 
I think we might have lost my dog.... 
I think we missed the last one by like a minute. Aaaawwwwww. 
I think we scared Neal away again 
I think we will pass in the airport @BeccaElkins , since I leave Wednesay afternoon! 
I think we're the Detroit Lions of the Circle City Athletics league 
i think what Obama did was wrong   Granting Some Benefits to Same Sex Couples
I think whennu found out it as already a year or 2 after. Gay too cuz I never to go back. I only went once for 6th grade and that's it. 
I think Windows Update has broken my pc!  
I think Youtube just divided by zero... I was just trying to watch me some RoboGames clips from @botjunkie, and bam. Whole site vanished. 
I think, I just had my first gastric attack for the new semester. 
i think, the breaks today were pretty great. but the rest just sucked! i need some holidays.. school fucks me up! 
I Think... im Gettin sick  and I have work to do this weekend..
I thinking got it to stop.  I really hope so. Damn that crap.
i thinks i'm dying. 
I this I have bronchitis comming  every time I breath out a buggie tweets three times ...
i thoroughly dislike how often i forget it is study leave and not the summer holidays 
I though there was gonna be real food at this tea party  im so disapointed http://ow.ly/cLd1
I thought &quot;Chatty Man&quot; a let down, cos I thought it was him randomly walking around as a toddler like his advert 
I thought @twooting would be all about Twitter in Tooting.  I'm disappointed.  
I thought 90210 was on at 9:00 but its not.I wasted my time getting ready to go to bed to watch the show! 
I thought a shower would help but no such luck. My lame Friday night plans now involve bed. Running on fumes and working early tomorrow. 
Im on holiday finally!!! now the fun begins...pity its winter  mmmm
i'm on my april 14th comments....maaaaaaaan, i feel bad!!! i'm like 6 days late w/my reply!!!  sorry folks!!!
I'm on my home to the city ;-) Its bitter sweet cause I just left my bff and I'm going to miss her 
IM ON MY LAST PROBLEM OF FINANCE!!!!!! till tomorrow that is when i have my first exam shoot me in the face please so hard 
Im on my lunchbreak.. Food is goood and i dont want to go bnack to work 
Im on my own  Sister and mum r at dancing comp.... and dads gon fishin on FATHERS DAY!
Im on my phone lads, cant reply 
Im on my phone... Cant c it  txt me!
I'm on my way home from airport just dropped @emilyduran24 and Lille off soooo sad. I'm lonely!! HELP!! 
I'm on my way home from school  not feeling well 
I'm on my way home from sponge docks. I forget about my twitter too often 
Im on my way to get sick  that would destory my weekend !
I'm on my way to the &quot;Norton Simon Museum&quot; for a school feild trip... On the weekend 
I'm on my way to the Telstra shop to unlock my iphone  Doubly bad because I have to deal with Telstra.
I'm on my way to work and it's still dark 
I'm on my way to work. Happy because it is a sunny day. I wish almost all the days were like this one here in Sweden 
Im on my way!!....2 nowhere...    Y shit so lame out here?
I'm on page 100 Ish. I wanted to read more last night but i forced myself to sleep for today 
im on summer holidays on 16th july! LAAAME 
I'm on the 4th Episode of Fringe - it's making me sad, poor doctor, he's just misunderstood. 
im on the bed listening to some music... so bored but i cant sleep. i stayed up all night long for no reason! 
I'm on the broken road wit black pants on @geronp u should be here. 
im on the good computer  not the shitty one that kept crashing last night 
is at her last dance recital everrr  ...S1DC &lt;3!
Is at her last thursday practice 
is at her second to last day at TMP. How sad... 
is at home againn  http://plurk.com/p/122kb5
Is at home alone 
is at home alone...and extremely bored and lonely...whoa! what a weekend! went too fast!..i miss my ladies already  x
is at home and is sick 
Is at home and tired. 
is at home bc of the weather  so ugly outside!!! be back on tomorrow hopefully i gotta study for my test!!!!!
Is at home chilling w the hubby , gotta work tomm 
Is at home doing homework on this lovely Saturday afternoon... 
is at home feeling chilly 
is at home from a long but relaxing day. RIP Uma. 
is at home ill  ... what can i do when im ill?
is at home not liking the yucky rain! 
is at home on a saturday night!  ..gotta brace myself up for a long day tomorrow partyin/celebratin' day and night!
is at home sick ... but still doing school work via the internet 
is at home sick today.  
is at home sick, ohgod when is it going to end 
is at home sick.  wonder who gave that to me!!! &lt;.&lt;.
is at home until noon and then it's off to the office for an afternoon of meetings. 
is at home watching Criminal Minds and then Las Vegas and then.... forced myself to sleep!! 
Is at home watching videos on YouTube....it's all good! School tomorrow though 
is at home with a bad case of the POISON OAK!!!!! 
Is at home with a poorly foot 
is at home with a Rascal, a newborn and a very sick Baylie!  1 more sleep till Fish is back!
Is at home with a swore neck  lol
is at home, all by her lonesome  .fearLess.
is at home, studying by herself. 
Is at home. All good things most come to an end right? 
Is at home. Bleck. 
is at home... all alone 
is at home...extra tired..! 
I thought AaronCarterCell meant he was in prison.  Darn.
I thought about coming. But I need to stay home. 
I thought about hollywood soooo much today and I kinda miss living out there. Los angles I miss you sometimes! 
I thought after 3 days of antibiotics I was supposed to feel better not worse!!! Hiding in bed until my drs appointment 
I thought all these berry apps were supposed to keep me entertained 
I thought being away from Dan was the hardest thing to do... But have learned that your baby in the nicu is harder 
I thought Brad was working 3rd shift today so i slept in. Turns out-he is working 2nd.  i missed his messages this morning.   
I thought Brokeback Mountain was an awful movie.
I thought coochie cutters were bad. Omg, there's this dude in subway with ultra short shorts. I'm pretty sure I can see his nuts. Eww... 
I thought Florida was the sunshine state...  That's it... I am packing my bags and moving to a sunnier place with a beach of course! LOL!
I thought he would at least miss me a little 
I thought I cancelled it 
i thought i got my phone to work....epic fail going back to sleep before work cuz i feel terrible 
I thought I had a lesson so I went all the way to College just to find that it is a teacher training day. -.- I was told.. but forgot. 
i thought i had Modge Podge  spray mount will work but i am clumsy with it
I thought I had more than one cake left. I was wrong  I want more cake.
i thought i had the flu  but it turned out to be the chicken pox :'( even worseeeeeeeeee
I thought I had this bad habit of staying up late under control.  Upset that I am still up at 4:02 am. Need to put myself on a time out.  
I thought I heard something, but it wasn't Brutus... 
I thought i missed somthin i aint miss nuthin 
I thought i saw a star twinkle at me but it was just airplane lights. 
i thought i saw grieco in stop &amp; shop. it wasn't grieco. i was sad. 
I thought i was over it but i so still wanna move to NY 
I thought I was over this cold and my head feels like it is going to explode. Meh. 
I thought I was seein some light at the end of this tunnel. But now it just got pitch black again. 
I thought I would be able to handle my Mom living on the other side of the country, but all i want to do is give her a hug  #mothersday
I thought I would sleep earlier today. but same thing, id sleep 'round 2am 
I thought i'd managed to dodge the cold going around work but woke up this morning feeling like i'd swallowed a cheese grater 
is at ihop, alone  my friends are lost. hahahahaha.
is at lola's 40 day mass &amp; memorial reception... then hw? booo 
Is at me sons tball game n boi r they cheatin 
is at my friend's. working on three skool projects 
is at my other job until 11 
is at my uncle oscars house chilling with chantalle! the most awesomest betch! ha! i ate pizza and now im myspacing 
is at my uncle oscars house chilling with chantalle! the most awesomest betch! ha! i threw up pizza and now im myspacing 
is at plza snayan ooh its so hot rght now  sttng outside vctoria cafe..
is at sbux waitin for the ferry to go back home 
is at school  omg the computer is very oldddd!
is at school in science and is bored  haha
Is at school, been sick all weedend and so ready to go to bed, wishing i would ot have came today 
is at school. My fish of 12 hours died. 
is at schooooooool - in english. Practice article analysis ftl 
is at six form!!!  for the whole of 1hr30 mins!! Not goood!
Is at sonic. About to head home. 
I thought India would play without any pressure, because they were already out of the tournament, and win. Boy was I wrong! 
i thought it came today when something heavy-ish hit the floor through the door thingy... but NOOO it was my mums clogau gold booklet 
i thought it might have been a prank but NKOTB tour really is cancelled  was REALLY looking forward to seeing @BrianMcnugget ....
I thought it was April....Spring time, but when I woke up, it was SNOWING! 
I thought it was katie and peter for a minute. Rip Kate and Pete   #bgt
i thought it was meant to be morning sickness, not all day sickness 
i thought it was Saturday today. 
i thought it was too good to be true 
i thought it was windows that was bluescreening my pc but installing windows 7 doesnt seemed to of fixed this 
I thought Japanese cars were meant to be reliable.....  MX5 is broke 
I thought my boyfriend would have came to see me after work.  Looks like he's just gone home 
I thought my laptop was invincible - it survived falling from the overhead compartment and crashing on the floor. But it looks wonky now 
i thought my legs hurt before, but since the doctor went and pushed and poked them, the hurt 10 times worse 
I thought my thighs were full of biscuits so I stopped eating them. My thighs are still the same so they must be full of something else 
i thought next week was my ONE week of summer off, but i just got an e-mail saying i need to be at interviews for the new res life guy. 
i thought of boo 
i thought of going to uni but i just remembered that it's a bank holiday..!?  i wanna seeee my supervisor so badlyyyyy
I thought of something really funny to twitter while I was in the shower, but now I forget 
I thought Paramore's album was gonna be released on Sept 9th or 10th, now it's the 29th? 
i thought payday was today but its on saturday  so happy hour wont be happening today lol...thank goodness its friday tho !!
I thought Soulja Boy was following me on twitter, but it was a fake  Crushed my dreams man.. LOL
I thought Sunday's were supposed to be a day of rest! ! ! 
I thought that Ed McMahon has been dead for years... I guess he finally caught up. 
I thought that i can go and see my dress today BUT it turns out that my dad's busy so he cant take me! BUMMER! 
I thought that it was extracorporeal experience when you reach the 100 updates on Twitter but nothing happened. what a deal   #deception
I thought that Matt Morgan was in the new Kasabian video but then I realised that the singer had grown his hair. Bummer 
I thought that Max was so much better then Kupono on sytycd. I am sad to see Max go 
I'M ON THE PLANE GUYS. Turning on airplane mode though. Bye 
I'm on the train home, too drunk for a poor girl who has to be up at seven 
I'm on tomeout... 
I'm one big bug bite.  and ohhh so exhausted. Want to stay but it's time to go home  see you again soon hick ville!
I'm one step from throwing myself or my revision or both out of the window. I know nothing - I just want to curl up and evaporate 
I'm one unhappy chappy today. My head feels like it's going to explode, so no town time for me tonight 
I'm online briefly form the surf house. Having an awesome time but slashed my foot open  Surfing not so easy now  Sunbathing's easy tho!
I'm only getting my AA shirts in June. Spreer flies off tomorrow and I paid too late. 
I'm only going to be back in SA on Thursday!!!    Looking forward to the cold weather! 40' in the shade is NOT fun!
I'm only in work 20 minutes and already I'm having a bad day 
I'm only two minutes into the sound editing of my five minute film. The sun is bright and I predict no sleep until after class. 
I'm only wearing one sock, idr when I took the other off 
is at summer school, wtf. too early 
is at sun valley for the last time before moving  I'm gonna miss this amazing church!!!!
is at Sunway pyramid right now eating dinner. I need to do my assignment 
is at the airport but I can't check in cos the system's down 
Is at the airport heading back to seattle. I'm tired, sore and grumpy 
Is at the airport... Woke up at 4:23. I could use more sleep. I have my coffee and no fiddle.  can't wait to get to Chicago!
is at the DMV 
is at the end of my very long tether...not sure how much more I can put up with 
is at the hospital  QQ why do my knees fail me, I hate my life so much --- my summer is ruined
is at the last SOAR  .....but had a great time last night...watta cutie ;)
is at the library cuz my freaking computer doesnt work anymore 
is at the library doin group work.... BORING! cant wait to be done with classes- oh wait i get a 7 day summer break!       Lakers tonight!
is at the mall, spending my last few hours with Ash shopping. I just may cry today. 
is at the most awk/nerdy history luncheon ev  fml
is at the old house using the internet, apparently mom forgot to pay the internet yet again 
is at the park for my god daughters birthday with a broken knee 
is at the pool with no sunscreen and a sun burn! 
is at the pool. last day 
Is at walmart and is mad bc she can't reach the cereal she wants to buy 
is at work  waiting for shortlisting results and kicking back from the 'hubby', lets see how he likes it!!!
I thought that when you are sick you are not meant to be hungry!! 
I thought that you love me, you did love me but sometimes you ignored me  http://myloc.me/5ztp
i thought the last two days of highschool were supposed to be easy...why is there so much work to do?! 
i thought the moth on my computer screen was an alien cos im watching signs 
I thought the sign said &quot;Please use evolving door&quot; but I don't feel any different. 
I thought there would be no games this year... I was wrong, my list is now crammed full 
i thought this was getting better...NOPE!    it's whatever.   hopefully it will go away soon.
I thought to watch a movie tonight, but no, it's sports on the screen again 
i thought today maybe good,but i was so totally wrong 
I thought Tweetie for mac was meant to be out now?! 
I thought when u go #2 your tummy is supposed to feel better not worse 
I thought you were my friend but, I was so wrong... 
i thought you would support me on this 
i threw my phone in the pool!!!!!!!!! 
I threw my sign at donnie and he bent over to get it but it was under a thingee so he made a sad face at me 
I threw up 
I threw up all night and Im still dizzy 
I threw up this morning. I haven't in years. Shelbys drivin in the escalade isn't making me feel any better either 
I threw up too much bacon 
I through a paperclip at my friend and she got mad at me  I'm sorry aa!
I tired today I think I am gonna take a nap before our friends come over tonight....I miss him and wish he was off restriction already... 
I told @Iceflare my skin was getting better b/c I'm eating more junkfood...she laughed 
I told andrew that JT is going to cameo @ MTV movie awards. He said, &quot;he's pissing me off.&quot; guess they're in a fight 
I told my mom it was too late to do pilates...and she said, &quot;it's never too late to do Pilates&quot; ....what's she trying to tell me?  haha
Is At Work  x
Is at work again  UGH!!
is at work and just finished signing up for fall class ooo lord. This semester is going to be hard.  but the bright side im almost DONE 
is at work and really tired this morning still not feeling good!  when will I get better?
is at work and saddened due to Ted Baker London not being able to shit to the continental US  I want the hat!
is at work and wants to go home and watch The Hills finale.. roll on 5:30pm.. 3 hours left 
is at work and would rather be with her instead. 
is at work bored with not a soul in the place 
is at work but wants to go home as it looks like a beer garden day 
Is at work checking sell by dates, wishing i was layin out in the sun! 
is at work hoping to finish soon so she can have some final drinks with rach before she heads back to the UK 
is at work kinda sleepy already and just got here 
is at work miserable! I don't feel well! I need someone to make me feel better! 
is at work on a friday night 
Is at work on sunday night instead of watching the finals 
is at work right now..  but 2morrow a day off..yiiiiiiiiiiiiiha  hehe
is at work seriouslyyyy bored  woaaahhhhh
Is at work so tired! 6 days a week aint no joke 
is at work suffering from the i-tis 
is at work super sore from working out. I miss my Zari  Wish i was still on the 4x1 team....Ash, Kerri, Jess
is at work today and everyone is doing really cool stuff in the sunshine except for me 
is at work until 7:30. 
is at work until late...hoping this weekends gonna be a good one...roommate is gone until tuesday 
is at work when i could be at home chillin out in this lovely weather!!! 
is at work while everyone else is sleeping 
Is at work wishing the rain would stop 
is at work with a cut toe 
is at work!  and the sun seems to have gone 
is at work!!!  xx
Is at work, thinking how much graveyard shift sux 
is at work,.... 
is at work. 
is at work.  hassle i did not get to watch the game..
is at work.  One flag. 
I'm out here. Have to wake up early for Ate Jenny and my uniform and yeah, school. Goodbye summer.  Good night.
im out in my garden... alone 
I'm out in the middle of nowhere, enjoying some camping time with the fam.  However, I still have to work (even on vacay) 
i'm out of books to read, movies to watch n stuff to buy...i'm bored! 
I'm out of contacts  I should order more, or get new glasses!
I'm out of minutes.  So I had to turn twitter off by the web. 
I'm out of my drink 
I'm out of ruby! Its a crime! 
im out of the shower...  grr my laptop and fone off my everynight 8:30
im out of west wing episodes 
I'm out twiggaz gotta very early day! As in 7am.  kisses and @djSyncity go HAM for me too
i'm out, no studio 2night  gotta get up earlier w/ the wife &amp; kid 2go shop'n for birfday and baby shower presents. then work. leave one.
Im out. Nobody talkin to me  lol
I'm out. Tennis tomorow have a happy sunday everyone. And think ill go finish the last touches to my room, oh wait we dont have blutack 
i'm out.. tomorrow training.. so no tweeting 
im outside freezing tryna steal internet! smh hahaa 
I'm outta rolling papers. Bummer.  Time to smoke.
I'm Outtie! I 'll tweet you guys and gals tomorrow.  Have to wake up at the crack of dawn..&quot;fun&quot;  xoxoxoxo
I'm over it 
I'm Over my house right now...no rehearsal for the whole summer thats crazy we better have some meetings so i can kiki lmfao 
I'm over this drive... We've gone 800 miles.. Still have 300 left...  fml I want to sleep. http://myloc.me/15Xf
I'm overdue for some intoxication. I'm going to malfunction. 
I'm packing and it's a bit sad 
i'm packing for ibiza and have no clue what to take. arggh! i need help 
I'm packing up my room  Sad times!
I'm panicking over a booking form. I'm going to be the LAMEST PRODUCER EVER. 
Im passing through hilton head!  aw. Good times. Good times. GJK+KWR
im payin for tht late nite snack attack.....i have a tummy ache 
I'm paying my respects to mini. RIP Kitty meow meow 
I'm peeling like a damn snake 
I'm peeling now 
I'm peeved at someone right now... I think I'm going to NOT answer ANY calls today! Humph! 
I'm personally selling a Stevie Wonder lawn ticket for Atlanta 06/24 @ cost. Message @CarlyKane if interested!  So sad I'll miss it 
I'm pissed my picture keeps dissapearing 
I'm pissed of about what's happening in Iran! and i just watched Neda Video, and feeling sick right now, wanna eat ? No thanks 
I'm pissed off omg I guess I blow some steam off in the tub rev run style I miss bunny 
I'm pissed off, it's sad that no one understands. Tsk 
I'm pissed that I witnessed my first loss at Dodger stadium this season. AND I'm pissed that I'm missing the Conan debut. Sorry Conan. 
I'm pissed! No check today  Hope it comes tomorrow!
IM PISSED!!! 
im pissed, I missed Paris Hilton's New BFF 
I'm pissed. Both of the boys are still up. 
I'm pissed. I can't for the life of me sleep. I just want sleep and quiet. Dreams too. 
i'm pissed. i have a cavity. 
I'm pissed. I woke up at 4 instead of 5. And didn't realize till now. Boo. 
I'm pissssed that I'm losing my voice again!!! I just fixed it! 
I'm planning to buy a Dell Mini9 on next payday for the iPhone application development... poor me 
Im playin a game on the computer. Yay!!! Not. Its boring. 
I'm plugged up in one ear.  
I'm Plurking. Sadly, I have no one to talk to 
I'm pooped.  Didn't even finish reading 
i'm pooping myself at the thought of re. how am i supposed to write three essays in an hour and a half   
I'm poorly... 
I'm posting waaaaay too much!   I forgot what I was gonna say. My MOM was invited the after party!! She didn't go though.  GO MOM!
I'm pouting because I haven't had time to create anything lately. Not even a new card....nothing since before the Stationery Show. 
I'm practising English now 
I'm praying that DX will be ok. 
I'm praying that I don't pass out at work today, I couldn't even take a full shower without laying down. 
I'm praying to god it's not what I think it is 
Im preety hungry 
im pregnant and yes twitter you are the father. i told you not to tweet me without a spam blocker 
Im preparing 4 a really really long day 
I'm preparing for the last match of the championship  Greetings to all mothers, especially to my...
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet  
I told my student she would need to know how to write for college, she asked if she needed a HS degree to work @ sea world. 
I told myself I wouldn't go bananas if I went shopping....where do I go wrong each time??!? 
I told myself I'd give the #cafepressfail MP a one month trial: Day 3 and my trigger finger is twitchy. I'm think I'm opting out today... 
I told sean the I love you thing was awkwardd and now he doesn't wanna talk to me 
i told the boy i was falling for him... can i go hide under a rock now?... 
I told the kids to guess my age. They said i look thirteen.   do i really?
I told the woman, no I don't want tempura chessecake and she brings it n e way. Very hard to turn down. 
I told you how i felt i just hope you dont take it wrong and i lose you forever cuz that wld suk 
i too am blue red and sticky...but i killed a smurf in a baby pool filled with maple syrup  i told him to stop quoting sleepless in seatle
I too am getting sporadic twitters 
I too like you... 
I took 4th, hubby took 1st. I forgot that the female players in the Harbor are bitches. chewed out for my cards BARELY mucking. 
I took a 2 hour nap today, so now I'm wide awake. 
I took a 5 hour energy drink and its still keeping me up... 8 hours later  can't sleep!
I took a break frm twitter. Im bak and VERY hung over  ouchy
I took a great nap! I'm just disappointed that I couldn't pass my drivers test! I'm kinda bummed out! 
i took a nap and woke up with a headache  well my eye hurts lmao time for new glasses
I took a sip from the wrong cup  that must be why I am so out of it.
i took a two hour nap and i'm still tired? 
i took an elbow to the throat a year ago.. shattered my C6/7 in a game.. can't play anymore  but now i swim
i took becky home  i really do not want to go college tomorrow, but i guess i need to
I took my cat, Mia to the vet yesterday and now she's so sad. I'm worried about her but I know she'll be fine. 
i took that quiz and deffinatle not too happy...but at least its still a cute one lmao JOE MAC 
is at work. Evening shift till 11 o'clock 
is at work. Its so cold today 
is at work. so bored. no one plays golf on rainy days 
Is at work... So sleepy.. Thomas is sick today 
is at work... still tired 
Is at work.......this is lame 
is attempting science revision...but failing...I still no nothing 
is attempting to study for test tomorrow  summers arent for studying!
is â™¥ omg swine flu :S &gt; in my year level at school 
is awaiting the sad news about her granny as all the family have been called to the hospital tonight , just a matter of time now 
Is awake  nightmares ... &amp; no1 to hold me
is awake an ill...damn sore throat and sore head  SaVe  Me FroM ThIs ThInG CalLeD BAcTeRiA ***
Is awake and I feel crappy again today 
is awake and its 5am. not cool don't wanna get up for work..  so tired
is awake and laying in bed alone 
is awake and not overly excited about the cavities he's having filled this morning 
Is awake and realized he hardly update his twitter frequently now 
Is awake and still sick 
is awake and watching twilight since there is no way i can go to sleep :/ darn afternoon naps 
is awake and working on a Sunday 
is awake but is going back to sleep. Miss kelby  going to miss him so much next week  beach here i come
Is awake but wishes she  was still sleeping..last day Of vacation 
is awake due to a phone call 
Is awake in body but not in spirit. Morning world 
is awake now, but had nightmares last night 
is awake now....had a very restless sleep 
is awake too early for a saturday 
is awake!  Damn! Today might be realllllly LONG! LOL I think I better kick the marnin' off right; a bit of skating, anyone?
Is awake, but not so full of beans 
is Awake, feeling the same as last night.  http://plurk.com/p/oylx3
Is awake.  workworkwork. Yay.
is awake. i got up today unink mondays! but its coudier today 
is awake. queer. feel sicky  mummy help me
is awake.. but ive woken up with someones cold 
is awake... barely got any sleep... still depressed... fml 
Is awake...already 
is awakeeeee with a belly ache  http://plurk.com/p/yvnor
Is awestruck  by the horizon to the east this morning. i guess 5 am isnt too bad...  #fb
IS B0UTA LAY IT D0WN..MiSSiN MY jORDAN LAnDrY! 
is babysitting the neighbours kids 
is babysitting today... science exam tomorrow 
is back @ work &amp; has nothing to do because my phone died 
is back @ work after 1 1/2 week holidays, and could need already holidays again  Just busy, busy, busy since I got here
is back and is now certain thad EDGE doesnt work 
is back at home and missing landon 
is back at home on the job search again 
is back at the hotel. Kinda wished I stayed home... 
is back at the hotel. wifi doesn't reach the room  http://plurk.com/p/rnauu
is back at uni. Miss the family already 
is back at work on a sunny saturday! 
i totally did just get dumped right now.i hate myself like ugh i'm srsly really stupid! ugh  i hate crying!
I totally dont get twitter 
I totally failed at learning that song 
I totally failed at sleeping last night Tossed and turned the entire 5 hours I had available to me 
i totally failed my math test 
I totally forgot I had to work today  I'll be grateful for the $ later though!
I totally forgot that I have to wait till the iPhone 3.0 software gets unlocked 
I totally forgot that today they showed gossip girl reruns.  
i totally forgot to eat dinner.. now i have no time and im hungry 
i totally got nothing done today.  oh well i still have tomorrow. Going to try to go see Up tomorrow..so cute I can't wait.
I totally hate anne!! --  just kidding, but she's mean!! 
I totally just fell off my bed backwards.. So glad no one was around to see that. Ow! 
I totally just thought I should go out somewhere tonight, but then I realized I have no one to do so with.   /emo
I totally misjudged my FF anniversary  sorry Dave
I totally miss my bro 
I totally Miss tory  i havent seen her in months i mean it were just Chatting and chatting and its totally makin me miss her more
i totally missed the 80's mixtape  tryin my hand at the mix playlist, lol
I totally need a iPhone.. I fail at modern cell phone ownership 
I totally sidetracked from studying. The internet got the better of me 
I totally want to cruise with NKOTB but I think my husband would leave me 
I tried 2 use it &amp; it didnt work. I had 2 D/l as a free user  @KingBhob
i tried calling work 5 times and they wont answer 
I tried changing my pic but I see the old one and you all see nothing. 
I tried everything. I emailed support@twitter.com no answer yet  @colorfeelings
I tried not to be negative about it but i failed. I really don't like VDT 
I tried on pants for 3 hrs straight and didn't find one pair worth buying. 
I tried SO hard to remember everything for camping. no pillow 
I tried to add Captain Fine to the Urban dictionary but my submision was rejected. 
is back at work yet again. it's like i live here 
is back at work.  Wishing that we only had a 3 day work week and 4 days off.  
is back at work... hoorah 
is back for a while, then I'll leave for the final exam. feels like hell 
Is back form Ireland. Had such a great time , I didn't want to come home but I got my dog and family to tend to, so I had to come back 
is back from a 4 day convention. I picked up a lot of useful info, some lapel pins, and a cold 
is back from Barcelona 
is back from Douglas after doing my weekend shop, lots of miserable bikers mooching around in the rain, feel sorry for them, grim day 
is back from from Vegas and LA. No more vacations for a while for Maggie 
is back from having her hair practiced for the College Oscars. Ughh, my head hurts..the hairdressers have pierced my skull with grips! 
is back from holiday to face the washing mountain   but we have a healthy growing back lawn still!!!
is back from holiday...lazy to work... 
is back from london 
is back from New Haven. Took a lot of blood.  Being a little person isn't good sometimes.
Is back from Northwestern, but misses all her new friends 
is back from Penang. Such a short trip. 
is Back From the Medium, Not too Impressed  
is back from the party, whew! gonna go to bed early, may have to work tomorrow 
I'm pretty bumed i has like none friends or followers on this 
I'm pretty bummed my footy team lost by shitloads  fuckin carlton *evils*
Im pretty fed up of this bloke now 
I'm pretty much super happy  for a billion small little things. But i'd be happier if rach's mom would change her mind 
I'm pretty pissed I won't be at bamboozle today 
I'm pretty sad.. Its raining, my gerry pooh fell asleep on me &amp; doesn't even know I left annnnnd @missday doesn't love me anymore! 
I'm pretty sure all of my moms friends have unfollowed me by now. And my pastor. &amp; my grandmOH I FORGOT THEY'RE BOTH DEAD. 
I'm pretty sure I just scratched the cornea of my left eye 
I'm pretty sure Isis has a tapeworm.  So she's allowed to snuggle with me all she wants tonight.
i'm pretty sure P!NK will be on Rove next week, if only Rove was taped in Sydney 
i'm pretty sure these headaches are going to be the death of me.  
I'm pretty sure twitter made it so anything with douche in it doesn't trend  irregardless #aaroncarterisdouche
im pretty sure we lost our dog. 
i'm pretty upset that @relientk won't be on the west coast again for awhile... 
i'm probably the only person in the world that uses tweetie from my ipod touch &amp; not an iphone  ghetto? haha
I'm procrastinating going to work.  I have to go to the bad place today   It's definitely a starbucks morning to compensate.
is back from walking Buddy around the village. Pretty sure that dog will dislocate my wrist one of these days! 
is back home &amp; feels badly that a nice day w/ Melissa was ruined by work email EPIC FAIL.    She hopes sleep will make everything better.
is back home and doing my Geography poster. 
is back home but without any luggage, it got stolen in car park at Malahide Castle! 
Is back home from school again...the days just get worse the closer we get 2 summer.  Watever though,I might go 2 my friends house on Fri.
is back home from school. Here comes the homework. :| (sigh) Summer is def over. 
is back home from work and REALLY revelling in the thought of more revision for my exam tomorrow 
Is back in bg. Now she goes back to being a regular person. 
is back in Cairns. Brisbane temperature was so much nicer 
is back in Cebu... i didnt even catch my mom in Manila.  http://plurk.com/p/xb9my
is back in Decatur missing Samantha SO much... 
is back in england. dont want to be here  i miss brendan 
is back in F-Town...miss my boofs already 
is back in KK and still coughing blood 
Is back in Norwich....yay? Not really. Sucks atm  Will get better once she has stuff to do.
is back in office....sigh 
is back in Sanfo! I miss my kids already! 
is back in school  A lot has happened to me since I last posted on twitter in school
is back in Starkville for intersession 
is back in sunny hull... With sunburn  but has donuts. WIN
Is back in Sydney! Last night in oz 
I tried to be careful and quiet coming in the other night. Instead I ran into a wall. 
I tried to bring Arizona's warm sunny weather back with me, but it wouldn't fit in my suitcase  rain, rain go away...
i tried to buy white chocolate raspberry bullets today but i was 5cents short and the stupid asian lady wouldnt let me have them 
I tried to cook Michael something. When did I find out? When the smoke detectors started to go off.  Wendy's here we come! Woohoo.
I tried to follow Ashton Kutcher but twitter doesn't show me following him. I guess he didn't want me. oh rejection 
I tried to get shave ice from Shimazu Store. Tried. The line looks like Matsumoto's. 
I tried to get up and goose bit me  no final fantasy for me.
i tried to give korean food a fair chance, but most of the stuff my roomates cook makes me wanna hurl from the smell alone 
I tried to go to sleep but its too hot and I can't get my mind off of inFAMOUS.  I guess I will be staying up a while longer 
I tried to green-ify my avatar from my Blackberry and now I just have a green box 
I tried to make iced tea like my MIL but it didn't work out lol It tastes good....just not the same! 
I tried to make my pic go green but it didnt work right 
I tried to pet linoone. He was mad that I woke him up 
I tried to pick up my 105 pound dog and accidently fingered it's asshole 
i tried to sleep in on the first day of summer but my dad woke me up at 10:30, and  made me clean! Way to early!! 
i tried to teach colby how to play the organ but all he wanted to do was lick my face. 
I tried to upload new pictures to fantasy, but its not working 
I tried too stop, but it was too late, not a good feeling that I have right now 
I tried twice, but my Avatar does not turn green with 1-click 
I truly am hating this weather. Where is the sunnnnn? We've had rain like all week. 
I truly hate mondays.. You get to enjoy your weekend to then have to come back to work &amp; deal with b.s. Ugh! 
I truly madly really really hate grocery shopping! Two huge carts...mom in handicap thingy...and i scraped my heel  Ouch!
I truly think istockphoto hates me. 
I try and I fail 
I try not to be upset that I wasn't invited ... But I am 
i try not to care about what the people say... but i canÂ´t !!! 
i try not to sound judgemental! sigh i hope HE calls me back 
I try soo hard toget what I want.. &amp; I always end up having a goose egg.. 
I try to fall in luv with Vincent D'onofrio all over again in Law &amp; Order but he looks so bad.  no more criminal intent for me
i try to get on Trending Topics ,its not happening.  fathers day ?
I try to live without regrets, but I'm about to break a sweat. I'm freaking out.  thats why that guy hates my guts.
Is back in Tennant after a whirlwind holiday! They're never long enough 
is back in Tennessee... yuck! 
is back in the office, lastest yet! 650am  lol...
Is back in the SP finally. Bad news, the johnson creek outlet mall wasn't open yet so no shopping 
is back in Tucson now.  had an awesome time at the Game even though Atlanta lost  gonna chill and see what else were gonna do this evening
is back online bitches.......hehehe I got my internet hooked up in my new apt. today...Life has been sad in the last week, alot of death 
Is back soon for a new study session 
is back to school tomorrow, got a lot of homework to do 
is back to work and college tomorrow 
is back to work tomorrow 
is back to work!  #squarespace
is back!  http://plurk.com/p/xcer1
is back! finally. oh no. karma you're down  http://plurk.com/p/y1crw
I'm pulling for you, Nick Gage.  
I'm pulling the plug on my phone. 
I'm putting on sunblock before I walk to work. Don't want this stupid sunburn to get any worse.  Had suncream on yesterday and everything 
I'm quite a sad person. Nobody wants to go out with me  I need to buy some shit before i lose my mind.
I'm quite sad the Ed McMahon passed away 
i'm quite sad today and i'm not sure why 
im quite surprised that only one of my 280 followers gives a cr*p about cirvical cancer... 
I'm racing time trying to get on a skytrain before it's not running anymore... Stupid millenium line 
I'm rambling so it seems.... 
im randomly typing rubbish coz im bored , whee. @andreakaveta , your my only bud 
I'm ranting cos only one of the Iranians I follow has said anything in the last 12 hours 
I'm rather hungry 
im rather hungry :| i need foooood 
I'm reaaaaaally sick. And the hell that I don't want to be like this now 
I'm reading news about blody protests in Iran. Sad... 
I'm reading some tweets and the impression I get is &quot;Look at me!  I eat gourmet food and have beautiful clothes!&quot; 
I'm ready 2 go home!! Guess that won't be happening 4 another 5 hours cause I've gotta go 2 job #2 today 
I try to take care of him but hes stubborn sometimes 
I try to understand what is the point in twitter. It is still a long way to go, I suspect 
I turned all my whites, pink....always double check pockets of clothes...Lesson learned. 
I turned off my mobile phone while it did an update, now I don't know how to turn it back on 
I tweet entirely too much 
I tweeted before Rachel and I'm proud! doing geography course work 
i tweeted right, we did get smashed!   St Columba 8 Tyndale 80 yeeep lost by 72 points  its okay girls i still love yoous x
i tweeted too quickly, the clouds took the sun away.  oh well, being inside and listening to adele is not too shabby either.
I twisted my ankle last night turning over in bed! I'm falling apart 
I typed 3 ?'s; did you not see them?  For all using mics: pls keep mic 6-8 in from ur mouth. Thx!  (omet live &gt; http://ustre.am/2M2n)
I understand nothing from this Twitter 
i understand what he had to do but at the same time, i cant help but be sad about it. 
I understand why but I'm still ticked that I lost my /washingtoncaps Facebook username 
I understand. I think i have a cavity! 
i uninstalled Twinkini and now it's not free anymore...  gotta find another windows mobile app...
i upgraded ubuntu 9.04 to 9.10! it took freaking 9 hours  My advice new installation is better! #ubuntu #linux
I uploaded a chapter of Haunted, and no one's commenting 
is backing up my phone in preparation for iPhone OS 3.0...  losing my jailbroken software   but PwnageTool should be out soon!
is backk off to school tomorrow  Hmm neeed to sleeepp in! xo
is badly procrastinating  oops....
is bak from the orthadontist and has sore teeth! 
is bak in mcr....glad i can sleep in ma own bed 2nite yeyah...but i fink i,m missin popeye  hopin 2 c him 2moz  xxx
is baking alive at work - keeping up to date with this Air France flight... shocking 
is baking and doing laundry.. did I mention i have to be at work at 7 
is baking brownies at tom's but has to leave before they're done to go study for finals.... 
is baking to death in bed, tis too warm 
is barelly awake  @ijustine
is BARELY going to sleep 
is baru aja posting di marchelitadewi.blogspot.com ya aduh sedih banget gue  http://plurk.com/p/12m2tk
Is bass easy to play ? My guitar is too hard 
is beat from a looongg day and thinks he might have accidentally helped a friend by crack 
Is becoming SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD@dawnrichard 
is beginning to hate Saturdays. Off to work.  http://plurk.com/p/12cuqt
is being a horrible twitter-er. Moved in to my Houston apartment and awaiting work starting on Monday. Real world=now 
is being a secret agent, with his internet-connected useless computer, and his un-connectable useful computer 
is being annoyed at this phone. 
is being annoyed by Noah. 
is being attacked by hayfever 
is being attacted by ants 
is being bored  someone talk to me 
is being drug to a republican commitee meeting against her will 
is being followed by Megan**... but is still scared 
Is being forced to apply the Spanish she's been learning in school. No me gusta!  No comprendo espanol cuando yo escucho espanol.
is being forced to sleep...internet disconnected 
is being freaked out by Frito... he sounds like he can't breathe 
im ready for a new day. BUT. i really dont want to do any work today 
im ready for honduras ... but i really dont want to leave saturday 
IM READY FOR MORE FOLLOWERS!!  Why I dont get Follow Friday shout outs ..
I'm ready for sleepin'...I just wanna forget about today! 
I'm ready for sleepy time now I don't want to go to work tomorrow this sucks 
I'm ready for the weekend already. It's only Monday. 
i'm ready to be done 
I'm ready to chill and watch the movie awards tonight. I need a pick me up- but we have no coffee. 
I'm ready to do MapKit development... If only Xcode will compile my current version. 
I'm ready to go home to celebrate my brother's birthday! He's 23 today! He's growing up so fast! 
Im ready to go home, but im not ready to leave my best friends that live up here for a couple of months. 
im ready to hear you say who i am is quite enough 
Im ready to leave 
I'm ready to push this baby out.. but I still have 7 weeks 
I'm realizing sometimes you just can never expect a simple thank you from anyone nemore..... 
I'm REALLLLLY ready for lunch.  Unfortuntately, it's not time to go yet... 
I'm really afraid of my math final. I'll be studying my brains out this and next week. 
i'm really annoyed right now!! i need something to calm me down!! 
I'm really annoyed. I had a goal to be completed in week 1, but now it's coming into week 4 and I haven't met that goal 
im really board and im going to see 17 again next weeknd  super bummed my frnds bailed....i shud probably be doing hmwrk right now oh well
I'm really boaring right now.. and I don't know what i can doing 
im really bored at the moment!!!!!! 
i'm REALLY bored cause now no friends r on   
im really bored now  ggrrrrrrrrrrrr
I'm really bored! My brother went to get his permit! Stay off the roads! Jk lol! It feels like all my friends have abandoned me! Except 1 
im really bored, anthony is doing senior board shit. and im hungry and cold. 
I'm really bored. 
i'm really bored.. no school today  my head is breaking out Ã§_Ã§
I'm really boring now..I would like to somebody make me happy (;D) but nobody wrote for me anything what could be funny .  HELLLLP 
im really bummed i didnt get to go to the zooN with you guys 
im really bummed i missed the last episode of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno 
I'm really bummed that Cavs lost. I was just talking about it with Pop last night, how it would've rocked to see Kobe against LeBron. 
I'm really bummed that I'm missing PRIDE in C-bus 
im really cant find it. google wont help me. 
im really cold and stuck studying 
I'm really cold. I don't want to go to sleep yet but there's nothing to do 
I'm really confused right about now.  So far, it's not been a good day for me.  
I'm really depressed about Jon and Kate 
I'm really depressed right now 
I'm really disappointed with iMovie 09  has so much potential but is a bit of a fail 
I'm really enjoying 30 Rock but I only have five episodes OnDemand. 
i'm really enjoying the hot sun in my wonderful garden. BUT there's a child in the neighborhood who plays on the flute. it's horrible 
i'm really excited for some reason, but i feel completely il.  i need to do maths &amp; english homework, wish me luccck! 
im really feelin tht birthday sex song. mann ma birthday a long wayy from now  lmaooo
im really feeling sick...i need hubby 
I'm really full and I feel sick 
I'm really getting crazy with all this stuff. Can't it just work as expected and why is the RANSAC module no RANSAC at all 
i'm really getting panicky about srp now  - still got the journal, speech and a few of my graphs to fix up 
I'm really glad I don't have cancer, but I wish the doctors had put more effort in to what's wrong with my head... 
I uploaded a pic but I don't see it yet!  
I use to be 80, now I'm 13.  I want to go out but I can't drive. 
I use too many happy faces and shit.  it's quite sad actually  lol. see there I go again!
I used 5 mL of eyedrops in two-three weeks. 
I used a sugar scrub in the shower today: now I want a cupcake 
I used half a tank of gas today... I just paid thirty bucks and four cents to fill up. Evidently I need to stop driving everyone home 
I used my evil card again  bought Anchorman dvd haha! I love that film!&lt;3 it was less than 15$
I used to be the wife of a King. Now you can call me Ms. Solo Dolo 
I used to have a big crush for Mrs. Field's cookies. I wonder where they are now 
i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow with his face on it. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing. 
i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing. 
I used to like the dentist.  I dont like it too much anymore 
I used to play water polo....but my horse drowned 
I used to think I liked the rain.. now all it does is make me wanna sleeeeeep 
i used to think it was common knowledge that sean connery is scottish and to know who ben affleck is. i was wrong in that assumption. 
I used to wonder if I could outgrow an allergy then later have the allergy return. I think my answer is yes. I may need an ambulance. 
I usta love vincent donofrio. Now he's old n sad I think 
i usually &lt;3 Cha Cha. but tonight, its making me mad.  it seems to think Rosedale, IN = Springfield, MO? really?! i just want directions.
i usually do exercise tv/go running outside. w/o a job i can't do a gym membership 
I usually get a vacation around this time....It's been too long. 
I usually like to root for the underdog but i'm djokovic lost 
I usually only take naps in the middle of the day about 2 times a year.  About to take my 2nd one right now, maybe I'm getting older. 
i very hungry eh! 
I very much want to upgrade my phone to a new Palm Pre, but Sprint sucks. So it's not going to happen. 
i very very sunburnt 
is being grumpy. things arent going my way and i dont like that. sulking like a child. garrrrrrr. 
is being ignored, dnt knw wat i do 2 deserve tis 
is being killed by cold/cough and a heavvvy head 
is being migrated to a new email server - apologies to all if I lose any messages in the process 
Is being productive in the coffee shop but sad about the lack of internet 
is being stalked by a person who keeps on triying to follow her (on twitter) but she keeps blocking her 
is being very very bored 
Is beyond bummed that i had to leave youth early 
is bidding adieu to Apple Valley for a while 
is bitter about AT&amp;T and the multi-media MSG for 3.0. WTF. 3G S is just like my old iPhone. Blown 
is blahhh catching up on homework and studying today 
is blank...don't know what to think now... 
Is blogger playing up? My post is not publishing 
is board at home 
is boardless i feel so alone 
is booking in soon again, ARGHHH 32km + River Crossing (CSB test) next weekkkkkk... 
is booored. rainy day. i miss you B!  but yeah, ive already let go of you. phew!
is Bord 
is bored ....nothing to do on a Saturday Morning 
is bored :|  is sad  is pissed :|
Is bored @ work 
is bored again  ....always haha joke
is bored and broke on a friday night, how lame. 
Is bored and doesnt have anything to do 
Is bored and doesn't know what to do. 
is bored and frustrated and wants to see Tom so badly!! its worse this time round!!! 
Is bored and has nothing to do cause he doesn't have a ride anywhere or back ugh. 
Is bored and hasn't got another class until 2:25 
is bored and hating this college work.. i know it will be worth it but i just seem to have no serious motivation 
is bored and his earlier motivation when tired, has gone! 
is bored and is finding twitter shit   x
is bored and its not fun 
Is bored and lonely 
is bored and looking for a photo to upload and put on here....How fun is that....NOT! 
is bored and on a downer 
I'm really glad to see that my fellow tweet friends are just as upset as I am about dr tiller's death. 
I'm really going to miss Dave Matthews Band radio on Sirius when it goes away.   I've been loving it all week! â™« http://blip.fm/~7rswf
I'm really going to miss my friends here in AZ. 
Im really gonna miss bella being gone from 7 til 3 every day and we cant talk at noon every day  farmgirl@&lt;3
im really hoping some kind person returns my camera i left n the cab yesterday 
I'm really hoping that the military didn't take my baby's care package because they knew food was in it. 
im really hot 
I'm really hot. Blanket is too hot to lay on and get told off if I try to go outside.  xx
I'm really hungry 
Im really hungry atm 
i'm really hungry its a bit shit my grant is late when i do need food  and others BLOW it on shit 
I'm really hungry. My mother refuses to make me food. 
Im really hurting over my classmates right now 
I'm really in a bad mood 
im really in the mood for something to eat, i just dont know what! 
I'm really in the mood to be on the beach right now. And today is the 1st day I've taken the bus in 2 weeks! I miss my (sister's) car 
I'm really keeping my fingers crossed for a 2PM dismissal from work today but I HIGHLY doubt it will happen 
I'm really kind of bummed that Kenny Chesney has chosen to ignore Phoenix this year. 
I'm really liking Twitter now. No Twitter = 
im really lonely tweeples like seriously  UGH
I'm really looking forward to going to the British GP this weekend at Silverstone! Shame I couldn't go today as well. 
i'm really lovin this Djay Software. simply beautiful technology. bye bye turntables  http://www.djay-software.com/
I'm really mad at myself for making a dumb mistake...I'm so bummed! 
im really mad! i cant go to the mall today w/ my friend audrey!!!!!!!! uggg, now i have nothing else to do 
I volunteer as an administrator at a computer lab &amp; I've blocked myself out of using half the stuff I like (myspace, facebook etc...) 
I voted for paramore and they didn't win  I'm gonna cryyyy my eyes out!
I waaaaaaant my computer back 
I waaaaaant a vacation 
I wacthed the game i am from south africa you go brazil for the usa damn disapointing guys 
i wait only one,YOU! 
I waited 8 weeks for it...... Surprise surprise, within a day, I LOST IT!!!!!!!! Shoot. 
i waited for twitter to finish maintenance to post that i laid in bed for 2 hours trying to fall asleep, but didn't. now i have to study 
I waited seven months for these but I just found them for cheaper.   http://tr.im/nBUe
I wake up late 
i wake up later then i intend to everyday... 
I wake up right now ... I miss my dog ... 
I wake up stiff and in pain many times during the night. 
i wake up this morning and David Caradine is not there.  RIP David Carradine
I wake up this morning and still no 3.0! Sadness! 
I wake up this morning to rain and I'm happy, but sad that certain someone isn't here to keep me company 
I wake up today... SICK! 
I walk approximately 3 steps per day. 
I walk into my yard this morning, sunny, warm, no clouds, &quot;hey babe lets go to the beach, oh yeah we moved to middle georgia&quot;  darn it
i walked in the door and there were no barking sounds 
I wan Massa to finish 4th atleast!! Cmon hes driven a brilliant race 
I wan to meet @peterfacinelli so bad! 
I wana do sumthng to night 
i wana go see hangover but have no friends 
i wana see 17 Again like soooooo badly, but i cant, my parents too busy  (no this isnt the reason y its the worst day EVER)
I WANA SEE THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS LIVE! STUIPED IRLAND  xXXx
I wana sunbathe but it's not as hot today boo 
i wanna  learn how to play the guitar 
I wanna a new nose... 
I wanna audition again... too bad its in socal this year 
I Wanna be @ JET in the Mirage...     Couldn't get to Hawaii either   *****Someday***** Much Love To THE_WOCKEEZ and SuperCr3w
I wanna be a nerd  haha
I wanna be a real housewife of New Jersey 
i wanna be a tai-tai. can i be a tai-tai? pleazzzzeeeee? 
I wanna be at alyssas party already 
i wanna be at the FTSK ,ATL &amp; Cobra show, right now 
i wanna be curvy,skinny sucks 
i wanna be famous 
I wanna be home right about now.... Not at this desk! @officialEPAUL i think it's your job to savvvvve me 
i wanna be in Lincoln, with an ice cream and my bestust friend  i miss my spoon
I wanna be in love 
I wanna be on the show &quot;dance your ass off&quot; but I only weight 128 
I wanna be out in the sun 
I wanna be the exception 
I wanna be there 
i wanna be there... 
i wanna be vegeterian again 
I wanna be w my cousin  he's in London for a couple weeks ! ;( miss him &lt;3 Flip
I wanna be with him!!! But i dont think he wants me!!! Things are so messed up!!!  
i wanna be with my boyfriend 
i wanna be with you @woahhjennifer  wow that sounded pathetic...
i wanna be with you forever, if tomorrows not too late 
I wanna be with you kristin..  my mommys being mean to me.
i wanna be your girlfriend, but you're gay oh no  @miguelstdancer
I wanna buy a million copies. But i aint that rich  @jessicaveronica just buy some more copies urself hahah
I wanna buy Mitchel Musso's album! But I'm saving up for LVAT! 
i wanna call j but he's probably in class and i dont wanna disturb him.. i miss him.  ooops. my dad jst signed in.. hahah.
I Wanna change something in my life... 
i wanna change this blue background.... but somehow cant 
I wanna chris is being weird  and u drank my stuff
i wanna come 
I wanna come back to London ... My travel was amazing ... London is perfect ... I wanna come back  I wanna go to London AGAIN
I wanna comment on every So You Think You Can Dance (SYTYCD) routine &amp; @Alyssa_Milano focused on #iranelection. Feeling a mite frivolous 
I wanna crawl back into my bed and sleep... i hate mondays 
I wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/
is bored and wants 2 out on sunshine!!! but no1 is abt  dam it wit this place wana go home 
Is bored and wants to hang out with a friend she is also lonely today 
Is bored as noone is online to talk to 
is bored at college, miss my babyyyyyyyyyy  xx xx xx
is bored at home because she is SICK! Has stuffy nose, and has super sore throat and a really bad cough. sad! 
is bored at home. I hate being sick 
is bored at home..watching hongkong serial today.. 
is bored at sd already with only his netbook since all his friends are just studying... time to start studying too 
is bored at work , stuck here until 6  day off tomoz tho but have to start moving my stuff back to my mums steves goes monday 
is bored at work.. 
is bored because she is at home ill 
is bored but has to work later bad times 
is bored cleaned all day 
is bored in college  wanna go home in till 5 
is bored in the cold, dark observing room 
is bored in the office as usual. I hope pay comes in tomorrow. 
is bored in work! And its raining again! Team meeting in 2 hrs 
is bored in work!! 
is bored of being miserable and miserable of being bored  I WANNA FLYYYYYY
is bored of French 
is bored of the whole schoolday... 
is bored of twitter cos he has no followers yet 
is bored on a friday? 
Is bored out of his tree and wants something to do! 
is Bored Shitless 
Is bored to deathh zz 
is bored to tears writing letters 
is bored with &quot;house to myself&quot; time and am ready for Mysweetwilliam to be home. I still have a full week w/out him 
Is bored with all the errors that are appearing on facebook this afternoon, definate thumbs down to it at the moment 
is bored with nothing to do 
is bored!!!!!  stupid HTML Course!
is bored, bored, bored, but not sleepy 
Is bored, no-one esle is following me on Twitter 
is bored, sleepy and feeling a little gloomy today 
is bored. Back at the house, downloads are not yet done 
IS BORED. Can't even tease people now 
is bored. can't go on MSN because they won't let me sign in. maybe they're not letting me talk to... youknowwho. 
is bored. Not so much people are going online. 
I'm really missing my BFF, wink wink!!!  http://myloc.me/2W2E
I'm really missing my morkie......cant believe she's gone.  
I'm really missing S.A tonight. 
im really mourning the fact that i have no friends to hang out with today after a terrible two days. Today is a third terrible day  x
I'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow 
I'm really not a morning person 
I'm really not feeling today...soooo much work to do and I have a soar throat  gosh
im really not feeling well 
I'm really not feeling well. Sino kaya nakahawa sakin ng sakit? 
I'm really not feeling well. Upset tummy but not the LBM kind.  please be ok, tummy. I have to shower already.
I'm really NOT in the mood for homework  never was and never will be :p
I'm really not looking forward to my parciales these upcoming weeks. I haven't studied anything or done any of the photos! 
I'm really out of it today. Hope I'm not coming down with something. 
I'm really paranoid right now... i haaate spiders 
im really pissed of rite now 
i'm really pissed off now cause my bloody mother has said that i can't get my tattoo until im 18 now  i'll get it done this year anyway ;)
I'm really pissed. It's 4:16 and I'm up 
im really poorly  having time in bed watching take that dvds !!!!
I'm really procratinating right now!!! 
I'm really really hating this season. Poor Felipe baby 
I'm really really hungery 
i'm really really missing my mac this morning  the people who robbed me seriously suck hard.
I'm really really really hoping the bike shop calls me today... probably won't until wednesday though 
im really really really really really super tired.  i dont wanna go to school..
i'm really really tired and i have o get up at 5:30 for skool tomoz  no fun at all night everyoneXx
Im really really tired...I need a rest...really 
I'm really sad 
I'm really sad  I'm helping my little brother pack to go to Alaska for the summer (for baseball)
I'm really sad about blink 182 still 
I'm really sad about Farrah  I HATE cancer! I wish we could find something to BEAT that disease!
I'm really sad about Toby. I can't imagine life without his happy, gentle soul. 
I'm really sad honor society is officially gone 
I'm really sad its supposed to rain tomorrow  I wanted to wear my new dress. Stupid rain.
is bored.... and its still so early!!! what to do??? wish i had twilight on dvd already  i'd just watch that!!
Is bored......was looking forward to a night out 
is bored....feeling unproductive....      #fb
is bored....REALLY....bored.... 
is boredd avec twitter &amp; tiffany &amp; joshh are being meann 
is boredd this music is drivng her crazy ! an hour left   oh godd !
is Boreddd Got Up Way To Early 
is boreddddd  i wanna do somefinnn
is borrred! and cant decided whether to go out or not! 
Is bothered by the fact to so many people call phishers and scammers hackers and that nobody knows what hacking really is anymore. 
is bout to call it a night and cuddle w/ my teddy bears cause they're so loyal...sad but tis true 
is bout to get on train 
is bowling... and just heard Single Ladies and thought of Kelliann... but I don't have her number so I can't text her and tell her 
is broke as a joke! 
Is broke at the End of last month paying her income tax and is broke the Start of this month after paying her insurance 
is buggered!wish i could sleep! 
is building up the courage to ask someone out tomorrow... I need help 
is bummed College Life is coming to an end. 
Is bummed grandma isn't keeping pupa this weekend 
is bummed hubby got called into work today  spending today alone
Is bummed I can't twitpic ANY Vegas pix from lastnight  sorry Chippendale guys maybe next time I'll get u up on my twitter!! 
is bummed I was invited to second-shoot w the awesome Laurence Kim @ www.laurencekim.com and had to decline coz date was booked. 
is bummed out that her music video shoot that was scheduled for this Friday has been delayed! 
is bummed out that my work IMPL lasted past late Church service... should of gone to Saturday night service.  hindsight is 20/20
is bummed out.  http://plurk.com/p/13w58h
Is bummed out...i don't have even one testimonial on Flickr. 
is bummed she has college today and no iPod 
is bummed she has to spend this ridiculously gorgeous day in the labs working. Especially since we only get like 40-50 days of sun a year 
is bummed street dreams movie isnt playing here. 
is bummed that Alan feel asleep in the car now bedtime is all messed up 
is bummed that her baby is sick 
is bummed that I didn't get picked for the LGT Foundation 
is bummed that Jon hasn't ate my thai food yet 
is bummed that she has to work on Good Friday... 
is bummed tomorrow is Monday 
is bummed. i accidently glanced @ her ex frm a distance-only 2 see hes looking pretty good. Could he possibily have a date tonight?  
is bunged up because of hayfever.. The worst day so far this year  + i have pe tomoz.. Thank fuck its indoors!
is burned. 
is burning up i tanned for 30 min... so hot! Cant wait for wes to get here  graduation tonight! cant wait.. to c my friend grad
is burnt  and just finishing watching britains got talent and rele rele wants DIVERISTY to win!!!
is burnt  bad times.
is burnt from being out on the boat all dayy 
is burnt like mad 
is busy  guess I will have to try bak l8r.... Â«::BREAKING NEWS - MY GMA JUST INFORMED ME THAT SHEZ ON FACEBOOK NOW LOL!::Â»
is busy with a design document! 
is busy, cant plurk a lot  http://plurk.com/p/y25ho
is by herself for the second night in a roww. 
is callin it a night. Too bad my Twitter crush wasn't on tonight.  [IMA LOSE IT] [LOL] Oh Well...better luck tomorrow...right?! G'Night!
is callin out for help 
is calling it a day. Ready to see my love  Not liking being without him this long. All this worry is starting to get to me.
is calling Ndutu tapi ndak diangkat! 
is calling Whirlpool again for another replacement part! 
is camping this weekend so you might not be able to reach him 
Is cannot wait for tomorrow but I'll be missing my baby 
Is Cannyy Bored 
Is can't get out of bed sick 
is can't leave NASA cause of storm 
i wanna cry  
I wanna cry  Exams are the worst invention ever. Whoever invented schooling in such a manner will be hated for all eternity.
i wanna cry again.. my hampster died in my hands last nite. ILY Brooke  R.I.P. cryin pain away
i wanna cry cuz i miss my baby. hes already with someone new 
i wanna cry right now!!! ahhhh this is no fun and it hurts! 
i wanna cry! i'm so ugly 
i wanna cry, i wanna go home 
i wanna cuddle! i miss you. 
I wanna cut my hair... Again. But it's too short to do anything awesome and i don't want layers or a fringe like before 
I wanna dance this feeling awayyy to some r&amp;b :] but no ipod anymore or a dance area at home 
i wanna do something creative but i have to wait like a week 
i wanna do something fun tomorrow/today, but i doubt i will because i have two assignments waiting for me 
i wanna do something today/tonight. invite me. dont forget about me guys. 
i wanna do something tonightt 
I wanna drink some milk but regular milk makes my tummy hurt. I need me some raw milk 
i wanna eat but im not hungry  omg. im gonna wake up all sore from practice. freak! 
I wanna eat out. 
I wanna eat taiyaki 
i wanna f some s with the dudes  lake time instead tho!
I wanna fall asleep but my imagination wont let me 
I wanna finish 30 Rock but couldn't coz all episodes are in my laptop. 
i wanna follow her. but i aint talkin bout twitter 
I wanna free donut. 
i wanna gain weight but i gained too much  AND NOW I'M FAT !!
I wanna game, but I don't know what to play. 
i wanna get my nails done! but no one wants to walk with me to Moon Nails!!! 
I wanna get outta town.  two weeks
I wanna get up and go somewhere bt am so lazy now.. 
I wanna go 2 see the proboscis monkey of baby at    zoo tomorrow(today?)Though I cant sleepâ€¦  AM4:27morning here.
I wanna go 2 the studio!! But ma voice still messed up 
i wanna go back in the sun but lisi dragging me to the tv! babies  lolflex
i wanna go back to bed 
I wanna go back to LA.  I miss everyone.
I wanna go back to London &amp; LA sooooo bad... 
I wanna go back to my dads 
I wanna go back to sleep but I need to go to the bank so I gotta wait a little longer 
I wanna go back to sleep.  and my head hurts.
I wanna go back to summer jam 
i'm really sad jon and kate are getting divorced. 
I'm really sad right now. I hope my grandma dosnt die 
I'm really sad that @SkaraProudmoore isn't coming up in searches properly.  How can I control the world when I can't get this right?
I'm really sad that Carroll won't let me design a room in her house with the theme of Bollywood. She's painting over the elephants soon 
i'm really sad that my shoes still haven't come 
I'm really sad today  I'm unable to study today!
Im really sad... 
im really sadd. i officially like him  but he obviously doesnt feel the same way... there must be something wrong with me... =/
I'm really sick  I have to go get a bunch of tests at the doctors today. They think it might be lyme. I'm really not excited about this...
I'm really sick and i'm at Disney World! 
I'm really sick and tired of being sick and tired 
i'm really sick of north korea's missile antics.  don't they know they're about to start a nuclear war 
I'm really sick of rain, it just started again! 5th day in a row now. 
im really sick right now ! i have and awful cold  
i'm really sick with a sore throat; it hurts soo bad 
im really sleepy and i want to go to bed...but its upstairs and its a mess and i know im gonna have to clean it  nooooo
I'm really sleepy........but I can't sleep 
I'm really sorry for the Australian Fans..... 
I'm really sorry that forever-miley isn't opened yet, it will open tomorrow &lt;3 Just my stupid updates won't change it's width 
I'm really starting to dislike my blog.  It needs a new theme - problem is, I don't have time to do it 
I'm really stressed out and upset right now and I don't know what to do. 
I'm really stressing now... 
im really strugglin to get on here... it never lets me on 
I'm really struggling to set this thing up... I've had to call in outside assistance. 
I'm really struggling. Just when I think that I have things under control and figured out, I find out I really don't. 
im really think i need a boyfriend, im like really lonely  http://twurl.nl/ziuddj
im really tired but i can't sleep 
I'm really tired of it being monsoon season in NYC, I want some sun before winter comes back. 
im really tired,  just want to go see my boyfriend 
I'm really tired. I only had about 3 hours of sleep last night 
Im really tired. The sun got to me! I want to take a nap but thats gonna screw me up. Noooo  gah!
im really tired... no sleep last nite 
I'm really upset about Pushing Daisies being canceled...I know the news was months ago but 
I'm really upset Steve Buscemi was fake  Next it'll be Jimmy Carr, Stephen Fry and Greg Wallace - maybe even me!
is catching up on his tv shows while getting ready to work this whole weekend 
Is catching up on the last er 
Is celebrating her birthday by going to a class for work   I wish I could spend it with him...
Is certain that he has swag flu! Not kool! 
is changing/cleaning up her room, yet playing with the kittennnnss(well, one is sleeping) and missing kennay 
is chasing the big mean crows that keep stalking her kitten and attacking her  poor stella
is checking his facebook group he created - AFL umpires are bringing the game into disrepute. Only have 52 memebers after 24 hrs.... 
is checking out websites to help my first grader succeed he needs help with reading this summer  with the hours i work its so difficul ...
is chill chillin! its raining 
is chillaxing with the star at SB. Nakabili na siya ng shoes niya, ako wala pang nabibili 
is chillen at the hilton beforeheading to the airport to go back home. 
is chillin' at the TAM Lounge in Sao Paulo...3 hours to kill, then back to the US. Estou muito triste para sair Brazil 
Is chillin on a Sunday night. Is the weekend really almost over. 
is chillin with her homie, Juicy!  Although im mad he wont gimme a lapdance 
is chilling at coffee perk and missing her starbucks date's with her lana bear!! 
Is chilling at home awaiting a phonecall to go into hospital for an operation on my neck 
is chilling at home... rain 
is chilling out after a very painful dentist appointment 
is chilling out and i have no clue what to do 
Is chilling out on a sunday evening before going back to work tomoz 
is chilling with her cousins! Crazy crazy day, sad they're leaving tomorrow 
is chugging Chunky Lemsip! Feeling a little peeky &amp; Prevention is better than the cure! Hope it's not Hog Flu.... Again 
is Class til 1, Change oil on car, work to 6 til 11 
Is clean! And unfortunately was lazy and didn't go to the gym 
is cleaning his room. Is still debating going to johns since it's getting late. 
is cleaning out her car in hopes of finding her missing camera.... so far nothing. 
is cleaning the house 
is cleaning the house.  Very Boring..
is cleaning up his iTunes library in anticipation of being able to store 75% of his music on the 3GS :-D but has only made it to &quot;C&quot; 
is cleaning up the vertible to sell, so sad 
is coffee + pediatrician + working from home today  Lil' V has a fever, again...
is cold  going to chill in my room &amp; learn some more JAPANESE! peace xx
is cold and bored and can't get into her book 
Is cold and tired, and lonely 
is cold and wants to be outside in the warm 
is cold. and bored. why is my house empty apart from me and the dog 
is coldd 
is comfort eating 
is coming back from Cherry Creek Reservoir!!! Hella cold and wet.  warm me up??
is coming back home from louisville, uber sleepy for some reason &amp; i need money 
is coming back to Ruston tomorrow 
is coming home Friday night, indefinitely (but will probably be back in Arkansas after July 4th). This bodes poorly for my 30th birthday. 
is coming home today. I cried like a crazy person last night! Im going to miss everyone so much.  But I am looking forward to seeing a ...
is compilin her portfolio and is getting ever so slightly bored of waiting! i can't believe thers so many clouds! 
Is completely and utterly overwhelmed right now.. School 
is completely exhausted. 
is completely freaking out because her kidney functions are getting worse and they aren't sure why yet... 
is completely restless... sunday nights are good for nothing, except the impending doom of monday morning 
is completly gutted that she cant see Eoghan Quigg 
i wanna go before it disappears   http://bit.ly/172LRW
i wanna go buy those Nike plus shoes but idk how much they cost 
i wanna go camping so bad again!!! miss the nature... 
I wanna go clubbing. 
I wanna go for a walk... With a certain individual... Shame he's almost 40 miles away.  Lame.
I wanna go home  I hate this. I want SC to call. I want to ditch this dead job (
i wanna go home  i think i am going to cry tomorrow even though i aint liked it here much AHAHAHAHA
I wanna go home already  im so tired i wanna sleep and do my hw then study. Huhu.
I wanna go home already. 
I wanna go home and eat sth 
I wanna go home and play with my new TV 
I WANNA GO HOME RIGHT NOW! GOOOSH!! HELP ME 
I wanna go home!! 
I WANNA GO HOME!!!! LOL  LOL
I wanna go home, working on a Sat should be banned!! 
i wanna go home.  I feel sick and I am tired. moo! Â¬_Â¬
i wanna go home. i miss the skypies 
I wanna go home. I've had enough 
i wanna go home... 
i wanna go home... enough work for me today!!! XP and I miss Jamie. 
I wanna go in the Yogg portals 
i wanna go on holidayy  x
I wanna go on packing but i don't want to... ugh i'm so complicated. 
I wanna go on stickam, but I'm to tired 
I wanna go on vacation.  beaaaaaach. Or just somewhere far far away. Haha
i wanna go out - but nowhere to go 
i wanna go out again tonight.. but i'm broke 
i wanna go out but nobody's doing anything!! 
i wanna go out tonight!!!!!! but i can't  i'll have to wake too early tomorrow...
I wanna go out tonight... but I have to work early tomorrow... 
i wanna go outside  but my work aint done
I wanna go ouuuuuuuuuuuuuut. It's too hot to be indoors.  But nobody's available to go out &gt;.&lt;! How gay.
I wanna go running, but maybe I won't get to. 
I wanna go see Crank High Voltage today but im out of cash and the bank is closed today 
I wanna go see Up  anybody wanna take me?
i wanna go see up. and try starbucks coffee. 
I wanna go see Year One tonight. For people who dont know, i haven't been to the movie theater since December. I wanna get over my fear. 
I wanna go shopping next weekend but idk if i can 
I'm really wishing that I had taken a nap while Pico slept this afternoon - oops - cause now I hear him waking up.  no nap for me
I'm really worried about Mum 
I'm really worried about my bff. Her brother just called me and asked for her mob number and now she won't answer her phone. 
I'm really worried about my sister tho...she has a temp of 102.5 
Im really worried about you   I miss &amp; love you sooooo much!!! &lt;3
I'm received the shortest email, but yet the most depressing one 
I'm receiving enquiries from visitors about how to order a product because the merchants' site won't let them  Waste of traffic
I'm recovering from a 3 mile run. Had to stop 3 times too, man i'm fat and out of shape 
I'm recovering from my root canal, BTW. But I may need to go back in--I lost part, maybe much, of the temporary filling they used. 
I'm reeeeeeally missing being able to sleep until IM ready to wake up instead of when the country thinks I should! 
I'M REJECTING @Nathanaelaqua. 
im relaxing nothing to do  right  now...  
I'm relaxing on the couch with my brothers.  I'm glad they're home, BUT they are too lazy to change my puppy pad and it stinks in my room 
I'm rele rele tired.  I'm standing outside in the cold at gentry.  
I'm removing people from my follow list. They're just spamming and it's very very annoying. 
I'm researching my husbands family as the 1911 cenus now has Welsh counties online. You'd never believe how many John Jones there are! 
I'm resting up, feeling a tad under the weather 
I'm rethinking this no roommate situation....I pay far too much rent and my savings are suffering 
im revising on the stairs. how bad is that, damn visitors 
i'm ridiculously smitten with robert pattinson after watching how to be. ok im obsessed 
I'm riding this morning.  Looks a bit breezy out though, hopefully Orla won't be too spooked by it! Not up for another mad bolt!! 
I'm rlly dyin 
im rly sore today  it sucks
Im rockin the 'I wouldn't have woke up today but I have to take care of neophytes' look 
Im rollin on my way to work 
I'm running a high temperature and am still sitting in my office, since I want to go to the navy-prom tonight.  Hope, my doc can help ...
I'm running baaaaad! Waiting 4 the officer 2 finish writing a speeding ticket. The usual smile/show some skin routine failed miserably. 
is concerned about his girlfriend, her daemons are on the stairs again 
is concerned about the current economic situation...mostly my own and it's not good 
is concerned that his tatoo is fading....  
is concerned that people have been following him only for him to never use twitter because it's rather pointless. shame 
is confused 
is confused  http://plurk.com/p/119lh8
is confused &amp; torn 
Is confused and just doesn't know what to do anymore 
is confused as to whether @chrisdjmoyles is being axed or not  SO CONFUSING
is confused thinking about the design concept and start losing my confidence again.. waht a mess... 
is confused thinking about the design concept and starting my bad habbit again.. waht a mess... 
is confused. 
is confused. Followers are dropping off like flies 
is confused... 
is confused...why can't I reply via text to other ppl's statuses 
is confused????  http://plurk.com/p/rdshb
is considering a &quot;real&quot; job..... 
is considering a set of electric drums for home. My Pearls are at the church &amp; I have nothing to throw beats on at home.  BOO!
is considering either kidnapping her dad and taking him to the tmobile store, or opening up her own account. i'm so tired of this. 
is considering skipping her run...bad I know but there's still much to do and I am really really tired. 
Is contemplating gettin cable cause i'm bored as heck! Or, becoming an official alchy. 
is contemplating what to do first on her mahoosive list of things to do 
is contemplating.. I can't sleep.. don't know what the fuck to do to occupy myself. 
is contemplating:lunch + heater + sweater or study+cold+hungry? WHAT TO DO? too lazy to catch the train..but am cold and hungry! 
is cooking a bbq for 180 today 
is cooking... 
im running on only coffee right now. I need food but nothing sounds good 
I'm running out of battery! 
I'm saaad. Haven't seen @caradav in two weeks!!! 
I'm sad    I need a friend
I'm sad  I missed the call. Ughhhh
im sad  im over my dad's house and everyone is sleep except me.
I'm sad  just left my computer in ER...I wish they will take a good care of him..I'll miss u baby
im sad .....hav no 1 to play wit lol Ne-yo is being mean  *cryin*
i'm sad about Jon &amp; Kate 
I'm sad about Jon &amp; Kate! More for the kids though 
I'm sad about my baby bella..but I think it will be okay. 
I'm sad about the new iPhone. I donwanna feel like i have the second rate version with a whole yr remaining of my current iPhone contract 
I'm sad and I don't like it, because he's not worth it.. 
I'm sad and i don't wanna cry 
I'm sad and I know I should do something but I don't want to,I just don't want to be sad anymore 
im sad and my feelers are hurt. i feel like shit. 
i'm sad atl wont be at warped this summer. 
I'm sad because I can't change my picture  why why whyyyy!
im sad because i have no friends 
I'm sad because I just said my last goodbyes to my friends...*tear*...it's gonna be a long trip home....   
Im sad because im the only android amongst all u humans.   Lonelyandroid ):
I'm sad because my brother is moving away today  and I have to see him off at the airport, must remember to take tissues! I'll miss him x
I'm sad because my mom passed away 
im sad because she just went to sleep  i wish i had a job so i can have a reason to go to sleep
I'm sad because yesterdar was McFLY's concert in Argentina! An it's over 
I'm sad 'cause I leave school and my class, the best calss ever for me.. 
Im sad cause me buddy stopped talking to me.... 
im sad cause my sims buddy is leaving no one to play with 
I'm sad Conan's set is different. It was so him!  
Im sad cuz i have nuthin to wear in my hair  my parents r mean....ima b cleaning ALL nite  i hate this.
I'm sad from being told about a lady who lost a baby 
I'm sad I sent some feedback to Taco Bell and they never got back to me. 
I'm sad I'm missing the Spliff 
I'm sad Jon &amp; Kate are calling it quits 
I'm sad my boo leavin me 
I'm sad no one puts their hand on their heart for the national anthem 
i'm sad none of my friends are here  #club231
I'm sad now  sometimes Twitter is a horrible place...
I'm sad now http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0001393/ kills himself 
is coolllddd and needs more peoples numbers 
is coughing too much!! 
Is counting down the days til NKOTB @ Jones Beach....Not in the front row this time 
Is counting down to Sunday when I will turn 31 
is craaaavvviinnnggg PROPER food since about LAST year 
is cramming. again. why? coz i chose to. but now, im regretting 
is cranking the Porcupine Tree but I miss my long hair. Nothing to toss around while I headbang. 
is cranky at Ricky and wants time togeva with out any one but that wnt be hapnin till tuesday  just want it to be fun again.
is craving cake! the week that there is no cake in the house, too 
is craving chocolate like he is on a period.... 
Is craving dessert with nothing in the house 
is craving for champorado. 
is craving for Cheese Waffle from Pancake House. 
is craving for NYFD 
is craving for Shawarma.  http://plurk.com/p/11y4ih
is craving for some tantan nabe  http://plurk.com/p/mzxcs
is craving for Speghetti Warehouse in Dallas.   My tumtum misses the nomnoms that is speghetti.
is craving for tempura!  http://plurk.com/p/riayn
is craving frozen yogurt!  sigh, I miss Berkeley with its 737383 yogurt places DX
is craving ice cream 
is craving malasadas from hawaii! omg but im back home in DC now  damn my feet are swollen
is craving seagull ice cream 
is craving some coffee.... but coffee always keeps me awake for hours 
is craving some Pinkberry Frozen yogurt with Strawberries and Fruttie Pebbles too bad there's none in the ATL  
is craving the couch. Not gonna happen, though. 
is craving warmed up honey buns and milk.  
is crossing his fingers.. the cavz are looking really bad 
--is crushed and deeply sad. 
Is crushed that the nuggets lost 
Is crying  cause I just listened to 7things.. &amp; it hit a nerve..
Is crying at Philadelphia!  It's so sad.
is crying because she just remembered that she forgot to go to the jb livechat on thursday 
is crying inside. Please oh please let it rain  so warm.
is crying on the inside...i'm lonely even though i'm not alone...only that special someone can fill that void...and he's not here 
is crying so much 
is crying.. over hollyoaks 
is crying........... 
I wanna go shopping!! I don't get paid till next week!! 
i wanna go taylor swift concert in wembley!!!!! and miley in NEC but i cant afford miley 
I wanna go to 6 flags. Some1 take me soonn, i needa get out of allentown even if its for just a day 
i wanna go to a place where its warm.  IT SNOWED YESTURDAY!  Its may thats not sapose to happen 
I wanna go to a place where there's loud pumping music and crazy dancing.  booyah. I miss Korea's clubs. 
I wanna go to AC tonight  will I ever go?! I'm starting to think not.
i wanna go to ALTON TUHWERRZ so bad 
i wanna go to astra awareds but not allowed  so sadd..
i wanna go to bed but i can't...still takin my daughter's hair out 
I wanna go to Build-a- Bear and make a bear againnnn  Used to do that alll the time lol. I have like 9? bears that I made from there. xx
I wanna go to cobh!!  Hate this long distance crap!
I wanna go to Creation! 
I wanna go to DBSK oppa's Mirotic Concert in Thailand!!! I REALLY WANNA GO SO MUCHHHHH...    *burst into tears*
I wanna go to Disney World again. 
I wanna go to hawaii   ... damn you Run's House lol
I wanna go to ibiza now... O cant wait to aug 
I wanna go to Laguna Beach this Summer 
I wanna go to lauren conrads book signing  !
I wanna go to my 2nd World Cup but I also wanna save  decisions decisions... Germany was AWESOME!! Sth Africa like heaps of fun hmm...
i wanna go to my friends festival, but i need to stay at home studing math 
i wanna go to my friend's house. 
i wanna go to outside lands, but i'm too poooooooor. 
i wanna go to power! i have no ride 
I wanna go to prom   go get trampled by a hippopotamous fred.
i wanna go to prom again! 
I wanna go to salt lake city, but no one will go with me. 
I wanna go to SC &amp;&amp; see my cousins 
i wanna go to sleep but i can  because i had read a book called NOTICIA DE UN SECUESTRO is so lame, ok i go to read bay, xoxo (:
i wanna go to sleep but i canÂ´t  because i had read a book called NOTICIA DE UN SECUESTRO is so lame, ok i go to read bay, xoxo (:
I WANNA GO TO SLEEP!! but i cant 
I wanna go to sleep..but I just...ahh 
I wanna go to Taiwan also .. 
I wanna go to the bahamas more than anything 
i wanna go to the beach but no one else does 
I wanna go to the beach.  9.2.08_cjr[rip]
I wanna go to the Camera Obscura show. 
I wanna go to the David&amp;&amp;David concert. 
i wanna go to the effin laker parade tomorrow but noo we got grad rehearsal! 
I wanna go to the Every Avenue &amp; Valencia concert on June 25th soooo bad. I wish it wasnt 3 hours away 
I wanna go to the gym but I'm afraid to go into the bedroom and wake up the boy after his overnight shift at work 
is curently at college doing nothing that has anything to do with school i'm incredably board 
Is currently bored out of her mind and is trying to revise for that big exam she has tomorrow 
is currently disassembling her life in san diego.... 
is currently in south carolina, ughhh, only 10hrs to go 
is currently into Malaysian music. Too bad I can't translate the songs into English. 
is currently into Malaysian music. Too bad I can't translate the songs into English.  http://plurk.com/p/y03dy
is currently watching wolverine, and still trying how to get the love of his life back 
Is DaWanda down for anyone else? I had a listing spree planned 
is dead from staying up till 6am two nights in a row.  had so much fun with Sofia, Stephanie, Diana, Jackie, Jordan and Bea!
is dead poorly 
Is dead tired 
is dead. dead tired. just first day and i'm completely down. ah wells, time to finish up my work first 
is dealing with another headache, this sux 
is dealing with his unstable health. 
is dealing with massively bad heartburn right now 
is dealing with the worst stomach pain that you could think of. I feel like throwing up 
is deathly bored 
is debating the 3.0 upgrade... i've heard a lot about safari crashing 
is debating whether to call in sick to work as she feels bad 
is declaring war on The Rabbits... just had my garden pillaged 
Is definetly missing out on britney sex tapes et al. -_- last exam tomorrow 
is definitely not wanting to revise 
is definitely praying HARD for Tonya's dad!  
is defs starting to get sick  #fb
is deleting all of her text messages.  good-bye conversations from March 8 until now!
is delighted to be working!!!! 
is dentists the morra.. 
is depressed 
is depressed after getting the worst mark ever in science 
is depressed after watching documentary about illegal shark fishing 
is depressed and has no energy 
is depressed by the rain 
is depressed cause her twin deleted her account, 
is depressed for some reason. 
Is depressed Jason Stathem wasted an hour and a half of my life tonight............  For sham 
is depressed monday is tomorrow 
Is depressed so want to go to the eminem concert tommorrow 
Is depressed. 
is DEPRESSED. She had huge hopes in going 2 see Mark Kanemura in Beaumont 2morrow, only 2 see her dream die. Maybe someday in the future 
Is deriving the Euler equation for a model with habit formation of the form u(c_t, c_t-1, N_t)... nothing online to check against. 
is desparate for saturday off work. Forgot Gaz was taking me out for our anniversary. Don't finish til 9, and can't swap 
Is desperate for some work, getting slightly bored now 
is desperately missing Cape Town  .... make that anywhere that isn't here... that is a large city.... that.. oh to hell with it!
Is desperately missing her best friends. 
is desperately wishing this headache would GO. AWAY! 
is DETERMINED to try and do all my history revision today! Exam tomorrow and i feel like death 
Is devasted because her macbook hard drive died and she has stuff unsaved! 
is devasted to see NKOTB has cancelled their concert. Thanks @AnthonyCallea for breaking the news! 
I'M SAD RIGHT NOW, MY RAY BAN ( FAKE ) I GOT FROM MY BFF BROKE YESTERDAY 
I'm SAD SAD SAD!!! thought my aunty Stina coming but no more  i was so looking forward to having family..i miss dat! i'm alone on maui 
Im sad that after august 1 i wont get to see aiden 
I'm sad that I didn't get to go to his house 
I'm sad that I don't get 2 see my dad on Fathers day...... 
I'm sad that I don't have the right console to play Beatles guitar hero 
I'm sad that I'm not @ the laker parade!! 
I'm sad that I'm not seeing #clothdiapers as a trending topic  #clothdiapers
Im sad that Jon and Kate are really getting a divorce 
I'm sad that Nia Vardalos didn't write her newest movie.  Let's hope Donald Petrie makes up for that.
I'm sad that she left this morning 
I'm sad that Terry and Kat are leaving me today . Kat will be back, but I won't see Terry till school's out... 
I'm sad that the Cav's lost... I really like Lebron 
im sad the sun is gone. Was looking forward to revising outside, for a change. But now its cold  Biology revision is killing me
I'm sad to have lost another person close to me to cancer 
I'm sad to read that someone did in fact Kill Bill.  http://bit.ly/34jmas
Im sad to see my aunt in jail  She was arrested for being a very loud drunk lady
I'm sad to see The Real Housewives of New Jersey end... it was almost as good as Atlanta 
im sad today  i need a drink!!
im sad today!! marriage isnt always fun!! 
I'm sad tonight 
I'm sad too  you should have came over after. And i love that we are having a convo threw titter lol
I'm sad Twits!  I'm going to miss @epiphanygirl musiq soulchild and anthony hamilton! Ugggghhhh I LOVE them!
I'm sad your gone 
im sad!    oh what to do.
I'm sad!  I can't see Trey tonight! FML...I NEED to be 21!
I'm sad! Sitting in airport waiting to go back to the cold weather at home! 
I'm sad, because I finished my photography classes 
Im sad, i really want my friend back 
I'm sad, I'm going to miss @theroser @thepistol @riskbusinessmb and @iamthecommodore  Cali won't be the same w/out them
I'm sad, my BF just left to go overnight fishing, he won't be back till Sunday night!!! 
i'm sad, my lil lady just left to go back south for summer school! 
i'm sad, wheres my puppy?! oh! i don't get one!    
I'm sad.  Taylena is over!  Taylor should have listened to your heart and not summit!!!
Im sad. Im no longer portia's intern 
I'm sad. Its not looking good for the Nuggets. 
I'm sad. My 2 best friends aren't answering my calls and all I wanna do is set up something fun with them for my bday tomorrow! 
i'm sad..  i can't continue this way.. i have to realize that my world is different and parallel.. and the realities collide..  i'm sadd
im sad.. but i dunno why 
I'm sad... 'Cause doesn't reply me yet...   
i wanna go to the interview wearing my graphic tee and hat and coool denim jacket  but hey, wanting to be a ... http://plurk.com/p/rme4w
i wanna go to the LA IMATS 
i wanna go to the mall 
i wanna go to the mall now and go shopping 
i wanna go to the MMVAs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i wanna go to the MTV Awards  so badly @mileycyrus take me with you!
I wanna go to the Muse concert so bad 
I WANNA GO TO THE PREMIER     
I wanna go to the shelter  and to twenty four 
I wanna go to the snow. It's June. 
I wanna go to the top! No allowed anymore   http://twitpic.com/6amzm
I wanna go to the warped tour  friends, let's pack our bags and ditch this bitchtown!
i wanna go to the Zoo 
I wanna go to traverse city! 
i wanna goo on FFE  but its upgrading ..
i wanna hang out with someone today too... 
I wanna have a bonfire ... but there is no where to have one 
I wanna have a drink, but I don't want to drink alone 
I wanna have a healthy family 
I wanna have belgian fries with tuna right and mustard right now 
i wanna have my iphone on my hands 
i wanna have someone to hold.  but who?
I wanna head to LB but no one wants to go with me 
I wanna hold your hand 
I wanna hug elmo. How comes @johnmayer gets to hug elmo. It's not fair. The world is no fair 
I wanna im home. At the nature preserve for 4 more hours. 
I wanna join in a Photo Walk but the one nearest me is already full 
i wanna join shoedazzle!! if only i had a job!! 
I wanna just lay down and cuddle with my kitties and Min-Pin SO bad. Frickin' tired. 
I wanna Karaoke!  Instead...I get to go to work  Lameness
I wanna keep driving!  ? http://twt.fm/102993 &quot;Woke Up in a Car&quot; - SoCo
I wanna keep her....but can't  http://twitpic.com/6qcf2
I wanna kiss a girl! Keith took my fave song and trashed it with Kris Allen n then put out a suck video he tried 2 get fans to buy first. 
i wanna kiss you.. my love!!!!!!!  i miss you 
I wanna know my chem regents score! ergh! everyone else already knows 
I wanna learn Japanese so much 
I wanna leave class cuz I really dont feel great 
'I wanna love you and treat you right'... missing my bro  .. ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½Por quï¿½ las reuniones de exalumnos son tan asï¿½???
is dirumah.bosen.belum mandi.males.chatting.buka FB.apa lg yg gw bs lakukan selain itu?!  http://plurk.com/p/tpp8t
is disapointed with the outcome of her weetabix cake 
is disappointed 
Is disappointed in the urban sale here 
is disappointed it isn't that warm today! 
is disappointed my dad didnt win  he put so much time into this it kind of sucks
is disappointed no mothers came out on mothers day 
is disappointed of of herself yet again...  http://plurk.com/p/ulb8j
is disappointed of yesung's statement, just when im starting to like him more 
is disappointed that car shopping today did absolutely nothing but widen her choices 
is disappointed that no celebs are writing back to me or sending me any direct messages!!! 
is disappointed that the new blackberry coming to t-mobile will actually be a downgrade from the one i have 
is disappointed that the spurs lost 
is disappointed with her starbucks beverage today. 
is disappointed with my best friend 
is disappointed.. hindi lumabas si Cristine sa Banana Split kanina  http://plurk.com/p/x8tfv
is disappointed..... Palomino, when am I ever visiting you 
is disappointed.....no Christian Bale in my bed when I woke up  lmao
Is Discouraged. Thanks @Scottycurf . I'm gonna work at @Rue21 for the rest of my life. Dreams.. Crushhed. I Need 2 Stop sucking @ Life 
is discoverin da joys of res.paper writin, even tho her throat feels like shes swallowed razor blades [not nice peep not nice] 
is disgusted becoz her hair stinks of icecream that dropped on her hair 
is dismayed that Wolverine turned out so bad 
is dissapointed that my cousin cant come down... 
is dissapointed that she got no reply from jt   oh well i shall try again !!
Is dissapointed that Tennessee isn't like the Hannah Montana movie said it was. I never saw a hot cowboy  .thats okay I like it here
Is dissapointed the winmo devices get nothing cool when IPhone and Blackberries do. 
is dissapointed we cant go to the fete, the rain is back 
is distracted from her English essay of doom by ants invading my living room. GTFO you crawly little sods!!! 
is ditched by one person now  .... Now i feel i have to move alone...
is dizzy again 
is doin an english essay 
is doing a french assignment..only french can make the three musketeers so boring 
is doing a run of three night shifts starting tonight 
is doing a shit load of laundry - Laundry night 
I'm sad... My BFF argue with me 
I'm sad... very very very sad 
i'm sad....problems with my girlfriend....  
Im sad...cuz celebs never reply to ppl who says hi...i wonder y...i hope its cuz there busy... 
im sad...today i just got my sons 1st bday stuff...my babys grown up fast... 
im saltier than ever at the fact that ND lacks a greek system 
I'm saying goodbye to my ribbon! I dindt play enough kz2. 
I'm scare  God pls give me strenght to keep movin' on..
im scared and theres no one 
im scared but i dont know for what. 
I'm scared for Sam going to Lewis Girls. All the girls are going to eye him up.  Keep an eye on him plz @nathstokes xx
im scared i may not be on dance team after my spring semester grades are seen 
I'm scared I'll be rubbish at work experience 
Im scared of getting Swine Ful 
im scared of the doctor appointment tomorrow 
I'm scared that the Blink182 concert will sell out before I buy tickets   Been a fan for 10 years.  Never had the chance to see them live!
I'm scared to be home alone all week... 
i'm scared to go to sleep cause the jail across from my neighborhood is transporting prisoners over there. 
im scared to look at my SAT scoressssssssssssss ughh; it's gonna ruin the wonderful mood that im innn 
i'm scared to ride the metro tomorrow.  logic tells me that the likelihood of this happening twice in 24 hours is very slim...but still.
I'm scared to set the pw on my BB bc I might forget it &amp; end up losing all my data. But yet I have financial info on it. Catch 22 
I'm scared. My internal organs are freaking me out  *groans*
I'M SCARED. Zeke has to be okay 
im scared-something just fell mysteriously off the shelf in the bathroom and i keep hearing rumbly noises!!  HELP
i'm scarry my literature teacher 
im screwed . .     
im screwed!! i havent done my college coursework and exams are just weeks away!!  i'll probably have to redo the WHOLE year!!!
I'm searching for a new house... but can't find anything 
I'm searching for a new profile on my FS acc. I hate searching... 
I'm seeing Blondie, Pat Benetar and The Donnas in Aug. and I paid $50 for that ticket and BLONDIE is a ledgend! Sorry @ladygaga YIKES! 
I'm seeing David Cook in twelve days, and all I can think about is his brother.  RIP, Adam.
im seeing Pink on saturday, REALLY wish i wasnt  if she sings dr mr president i will throw an egg at her face -_-
is doing another contract review 
Is doing another double but is off tom. But is sad her friend isn't feelin well  Just call my name babe and ill be there.
is doing as much of her social psych homework as she can....cuz she has a test on it thursday, as well as a midterm paper for history  BOO
Is doing chem lab 
is doing her assignment again! 
is doing her assignment now! 
is doing her college home work  is counting down the days until college is finished yay x
Is doing her Economics assignment 
is doing her English course work, which is REALLY BORING!, and wishes she could be back in Weston watching McFly again  blahhhh &lt;3
is doing her pre bed tweet.. i have to get up reasonably early tomorrow  that was a really boring tweet..ah wells night all
is doing homework.... yawn 
Is doing homework........ 
is doing journal work  there's no way im gonna have it done for monday &gt;_&gt;
is doing laundry ew 
is doing lots of moving-house and going-back-to-work style organising today, seems a waste of sunshine 
is doing Monday morning paperwork...blah 
is doing more church innovations stuff today. no wireless where i will be 
is doing my coursework as i am back to college tomorra 
is doing nothing  lol
is doing nothing...and loving it :-D bak to work tomorrow 
Is Doing Nothingg 
is doing pretty much nothing as everyone is busy studying  mumbai calling much ;)
Is doing some errands - nothing exciting 
is doing some more of my infamous facebook stalking and still hating what I see...I'ma just delete my page. I'm sick of it 
is DOING THURSDAY NIGHT TALKBACK TONIGHT!!!! bye!!! PAMATI KAMO! IT'S MY LAST  http://plurk.com/p/11w9xu
i wanna make a video today, but ill have to study maths for my exam..  urgh
I wanna make Lechon-Paksiw but don't know the recipe 
I wanna make snickerdoodles but I have no butter 
I wanna meet @PushPlayCJ! Sucks being in Asia 
I wanna meet Betty White 
I Wanna meet Quest crew 
i wanna meet The Jonas Brothers 
i wanna move to ct 
I wanna move to Fl or Az. But I'm too scared to move to a place I dunno, where I dunno anyone or even what town I'd move to 
i wanna move to irland  LOL! fo realzz
i wanna move to pickering  there is alot of people i wanna met that live in pickereing and not in boring, smelly, by the lake ajax...
i wanna my laptop comeback to me, my sist I huh. i need it over 
I wanna nap. Not get up get ready and drive 
I wanna new iPhone 3Gs.  I don't wanna wait until July 13th for my contract.  *pouting*  
i wanna partyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy so badly 
I wanna play #prototype 
I wanna play Chaos Island.. 
I wanna play DDR  &lt;~.:Rise Up:.~&gt;
I wanna play gta or sims but I can't. fml 
I wanna play my bass! But i can't  hands got cut off. Double  
I wanna play plinko 
I wanna play PS2!!!!! uuh, uqi lets play with me! 
I wanna play sexbawcks 
I wanna play SIMS2 but have work at 8am. 
I wanna play with lego!! But i has none  so today I think I will plaaay... atari or sega master.. nothin beats old skool gamin! weeeeeee!!
i wanna preorder the NT cd..but my parentals are away..so i cant 
i wanna put a tune as my status but i can't type notes 
I wanna put my prom pics up!!! I need a computerrrr! 
I wanna qo to six flaqs ! Sadly , I've never been there beforee 
I wanna read some good news  http://bit.ly/Yp5Y4
I wanna receive reply from Wouter Hamel. But I can't English very well  I envy them!! So, I can't sleep right now..  ë¶€ëŸ½ë‹¤!! ë‹µìž¥ë°›ì?€ ì‚¬ëžŒë“¤ì?€ ã… 0ã… 
I wanna sayyy somethin but I can't bc someones watching me......buttt I feel like this right now ---&gt; 
i wanna se mcfly at caceta NOW :~ but i have to wait until tomorrow night 
i wanna see blink 182 SO BAD when they come to san diego   
I'm seriously about to cry because I can't find my Bible. 
i'm seriously addicted to Natura Bisse's Diamond Gel cream...I just wish it weren't the cost of a mortgage payment.  
I'm seriously addicted to stoneloops.  This fkng game keeps me up every night. 
im seriously bored to tears and my summers gonna suck. fuck it, i'm going swimming 
I'm seriously craving sweets 
I'm seriously failing chem tomorrow. 
Im seriously fed up of studying, when the weathers gorgeous!  better than being at work though haha
I'm seriously frightened by this storm 
im seriously over all these thunderstorms. i want my sun back 
Im seriously scared to be in the car right now  especially with the rain ugh
im seriously tired of the color of my hair, its sooo boring 
I'm seriously wishing that I could've gone to the Jonas Brothers concert at the BOK Center in Tulsa tonight... 
I'm shaking really hard! Look at Joe.  Definitely i have the best idols EVER. â™¥
I'm shattered on my way home from southampton... Last night was fun! I hav a headache tho  and need coffee and food!!
Im shattered the sister kept me up until 3am. then i couldnt sleep for hours 
I'm shattered! 
i'm shitting it for my college interview tomorrow 
I'm SHOCKED by today's rain! Le what is going on! I could hardly drive earlier! Just walked home and it's horrid. 
im shocked this only has one view .. why?   http://bit.ly/Pg8CA
I'm shocked you guys, I thought you were there for me? 20 votes!  http://bit.ly/DD6OI
I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last week, went down $20. Got my insurance renewal email today, went down $100. I don't wanna be old 
I'm sic and can't stop coughing.  oh yeah, and I'm bored.  Good thing is, we all get a day off skewl 2moro 'cos of a teacher strike.
I'm sick  and going to sleep until i have to work again.. which would be in two days.
I'm sick  and I need to feel good tomorrow I have a family celebration and I wont to see my cousin. I didn't see him like 3 month 
is doing very very poorly in Mendelssohn... 
is doing Wii Fit yoga at 2.30am because I can't sleep 
is doing...NOTHING! it's real cool when mom says you can't do anything 
is done but now has to worry 
is done changing his clothes. And now he couldn't be able to sleep anymore. 
Is done for dancing tonight. Still many follows on the floor I didn't get the chance to dance with 
is done with jobs for sometime but lot of paperwork ahead and break out too 
is done with Math homework! (dance) Now my problem is the Art Stud 2 report  No idea ano ippresent namin.. http://plurk.com/p/13cjg3
is done with people when I get home tomorrow. It'll never work out 
IS DONE WITH THE EXAMS! i survived physics, and have spended the day with my BFF - gonna miss you so incredibly much ! 
is done with the play! Oh so sad  but we'll see eachother in 2 weeks. And apparently Londen wanted to pretty much take me home with hi ...
is done with you...  
is done.  &lt;-- Extremely Sad Face
is donee with shy guys. they just take too long and it's so sad because i actually liked him 
Is dosed up on nodoz and redbull.....shuld have started studying earlier than the nite b4 
is down  JEALOUS? =/
is down and out again  http://plurk.com/p/ucdvx
is down to PDX (Canby, OR) to ride the Pioneer Century today &amp; it's raining and cold?? WTF?     #wetstripe
is down with high fever and brain is overloaded with work...sigh 
is down with high fever n acute throat infection  Well, this is what you can expect in this heat wave!!
is download the sims 3 gabisabisa   http://plurk.com/p/vhf3g
im sick  at home  alone 
i'm sick  but coachella was ? ? ?
I'm sick  I hate throwing up! And I'm so uncomfortable cause one minute im freezing then im roastin! Its horrible. Hope im better for W/E
I'm sick  I was supposed to go out with the family today, havent done that in forever and now i'm stuck in bed. My life sucks!
im sick  if things couldnt get any worse for me.
im sick  i've sore throat....hope i feel better later..
I'm sick  maybe gastro! Ahhhhhh! No work today or tomoz ;)! Addicted to left 4 dead
Im sick  my throat is killing me
I'm sick  my voice sounds retarded and my nose is reder than  rudulfs.
I'm Sick  Nad can't doo anything -.-
I'm sick  not just the usual sick but I completely lost my voice. it suxx.
I'm sick  so I'm not feeling the best
I'm sick  Someone take care of me?
Im sick  think i have flu, i have an exam later too. Oh happy days 
IM SICK  Ugh the SWIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINE!
i'm sick &amp; it's stating to rain. not a happy camper 
I'm sick &amp; tired, of always being sick &amp; tired! 
i'm sick .. i have cough .. 
I'm Sick an tired of this boring weird place Called London! Amsterdam Where u @  I'll have 2 wait till July 2 come bck 4 6 weeks tho ;)
i'm sick and bored......what is there to do 
I'm sick and broken hearted  not a good mix!
I'm sick and feeling crap!!!! Not even BB to keep me entertained 
I'm sick and going to bed, NOW! 
I'm sick and I feel like shit. I really think its a summer flu going around  I hope things turn around for me!
im sick and i leave tomorrow 
im sick and it sucks real bad!! 
I'm sick and my head hurts so baaad 
im sick and sad its cold 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired, 
im sick and with a ear pain 
im sick as helll..this sucks ass! 
im sick i feel like s#%t 
i'm sick isn't that the coolest thing in the world... yay not really! 
im sick n i have to cover ppls shifts this week... yay me 
im sick n i need a doctor!!!! 
I'm sick now  Why me ?!
I'm sick of being sick. The weekend is here and I'm ready to party 
i'm sick of being taken for granted and treated like crap 
i'm sick of cleaning! but my room is the last thing &amp; will probably take me the longest. 
im sick of Excel 
I'm sick of feeling like this, and its cos of you. So why are you still here?  
I'm sick of having really weird, scary dreams 
i'm sick of lads  fuck you, my boys look after me and they'll twat you, you prick!
i'm sick of not seein Claire!!! She nvr makes time for me!!!  
I'm sick of not training. It's like a piece of me is missing. 
i wanna see david archuleta! 
i wanna see DEMI LOVATO'S TOUR along with david archuleta. the tickets are SOOO AFFORDABLE!! 
I wanna see helio sequence today or tmrw @ the palladium or the grove but it's too late to buy tix  people w/ hookups, help a sista out!
i wanna see ma boo 
I wanna see MTV movie awards! 
i wanna see my baby! (aka my horse) but she is out in the pasture where i cant get her 
I wanna see my baby.  few hours I can. And mike is being retarded.
I wanna see my favorite girl...must finish paper first 
I wanna see my loves tonight, but i dont want to go out in this heat. I dont have air in my car so that means i will bake on my way 
I wanna see new moon  ahhh .. i can't wait anmore!!
I wanna see new moon  ahhh .. i can't wait anymore!!
I wanna see ne-yo in concert!!!!! 
I wanna see Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian in IMAX and then Up in 3D!! I still han't seen them yet! 
i wanna see pics from the boston show  and i cant find them ANYWHERE this morning.....bahhhhhhhhhh
I wanna see ROTF so badly. But Adam can't leave the house for another 2 weeks. Boo. 
I wanna see Terminator Salvation, but everyone has gone and seen it already. 
I wanna see that Denzel Movie . But people don't wanna go with me    Still gettin the hair done
I wanna see the cab so bad! Someone take mee! 
i wanna see the hangover  and or land of the lost .
I wanna see The Hangover.  Lookin' forward to tomorrow.
i wanna see the hangoverrrrrr 
i wanna see the HP stars, but I just can't how sad  HP fan 4ever, have all the books in dutch&amp;english &amp; have all the movies, f'ckin sucks
I wanna see the L4D2 trailer and stuff right now.  DAMNIT SCHOOL.
I wanna see the movie Up!  It looks cute!
I wanna see the new paparazzi video  but I'm off to see my nan ;) mmm Sunday roast
I wanna see the new Transformers movie and it's not out yet  
I WANNA SEE THIS RED HEAD SO BAD!  who'd a thought i'd need a ginger this much?
I wanna see True Blood. 
i wanna see twilight again. love it, but i don't have the dvd.  oh well... guess i surive.
i wanna see 'up' tonight, but no one will go with me. whhhyyy 
I WANNA SEE UP!  
i wanna see up...  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wanna see you to 
Is downloading the iPhone SDK 3.0 at 100 kb/s 
is downloading the vid's from the twistedhelena contest. Also sad that i missed @baileyhottie on here 
is draggin' ass. 
Is dreading Friday.. Missus dragging me to see Take That. 
Is dreading going to work  BUT....its friiiiiday!! whoop!!!
Is dreading my math provincal  why do we have to do these stupid exams, are assignments not enough!?
is dreading the exams this week 
is DREADING the physical assessment final thurs 
is dreading this 10 am workout, 
Is dreading this English exam 
is dreading tomorrow   I HATE hospitals, especially when it's your baby that is the patient.
is dreading tomorrow!!! 
is dreading wed when her baby brother tours china as the new lead singer of caracal.  i can't not have him here!! 
is dreading work and everyone freaking out over the swine flu. must. slap. someone. i need a hug 
is dreading work tomoz, wonders if everything was done correctly at close :S gonna double check everything b4 hand 
is dreaming that he was at the Drive Conference right now 
Is DRing his new server, but after rebooting it he can't log on 
is drinking coffee. parents come home tonight 
is drinking really stronge orange squash with ice cubes as the waters been switched off 
is drinking some brews after losing our softball game 
is drinking warm milk with honey to help her sleep well tonight. Exams can be so overwhelming, so its hard for me to sleep sometimes 
is drinking water like crazy...  sad day- No soda for me anymore 
i wanna sing in a band and learn to play guitar.  damn why did i choose college??
I wanna sleep  or at least enjoy this beautiful day
i wanna sleep but am at the office workign... 
I wanna sleep but the timing's just off. Hate these kinda days. 
I wanna sleep some more I don't want to go to work today 
I wanna sleep, but I can't 
i wanna sleep, tomorrow i will have a biology test! oh god, lucky me. . i'm not sure if i can do that, hhuhu 
I wanna sneak into the zoo and play with the kitties 
I wanna sober up and go home  
I wanna stay in bed all day today! ... But i won't 
I wanna stay in my warm bed not go to work 
I wanna still party but no one wants to party with me 
i wanna study but i can't really tired 
I wanna survive 
I wanna Switch to blackberry  
I wanna take a nap  ....my body is saying hell yea but my mind is saying hell no 
I wanna take a nap, hopefully this coffee will keep me up 
I wanna take a nap. 
I wanna take my dog to the bonfire 
I wanna talk to him. 
i wanna talk to the camera  i'll wait for you oratory!!! lol
i wanna talk to the camera  i'll wait for you oratory!!! lol PS: chilitooooo te amoroooo!!! se viene con bolivia el miÃ©rcoles!! eaeaeaea
I wanna tan but the weather is  weird 
i wanna that my parents come quickly 
I wanna touch you but you are probably making love to your man. 
I wanna transfer even just for 2 years! 
i wanna twitter so badly, sumbody twitter me 
I wanna use Twitter on my phone! 
i wanna vote for Miley Cyrus for the mtv movie awards..but i don't know where i could  somebody could send me a link? thaank you &lt;3
I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today &amp; tomorrow &amp; everyday! I'm sick of feeling &amp; looking like shit   
i'm sick of the friggin' rain on really big days aka prom and graduation 
Im sick of the rain. Packing for Texas tonight. 
im sick of the rain.. I hope it will stop soon..!! For some strange reason i really feel like shopping but have nobody to go with..!!  xxx
I'm sick of thinking! my head hurts 
Im sick of waiting!! downgrading to 2.2.1 jailbreak is to slow 
i'm sick of waking up and feeling exhausted 
im sick this sucks 
I'm sick today 
I'm sick today but trying to get better this is horrible 
I'm sick today sore throat, weak, stuffed nose, headache....boooo its been a beautiful day outside and I've been sick in bed  
I'm sick today. 
Im sick today....have a fever 
Im sick too Marena. I want someone to come take care of me. 
I'm sick twits 
I'm sick!  it sucks! IM me! ohbabayy33
I'm SICK!! Ugh  HORRIBLE tummy ache!! I miss my Mommy!! (She went to town to buy some food!!)
I'm sick, and yet I gotta go to work 
im sick, cause i got soaked in the rain while riding my bike yester day ughhh, and its a shit day  u?
I'm sick, I don't feel good, 
I'm sick, may be coming down with a cold. 
i'm sick.  i missed the last day of school. 
i'm sick. i think. stupid immune system. i had plans today 
im sick. my throat hurts  im drinking tea all the time
I'm sick. stupid bad bad cough/cold. ack 
I'm sick...  But I did sleep in to 11:30 this morning bc of it.
i'm sick...nooooooooooo im on holidays! its always the way 
I'm sick..cough and cold  Whyyyyyy....had so many plans for the day
im sick..missed school yesterday and today  
im sickie and im not aloud to go out 
im signing off now. twitter is more of a thing where i talk to myself. its not as amusing anymore...  
im signing out now. going to read some materials. 
I'm siiiick  need soup!
Im siiiick!  thats wat get for srayin outside til 5am)
I'm sittin at home havin shot of tequila!! Didn't feel like going out tonight. Feelin a little depress 
I'm sittin' on the dock of the bay.  Not really 
Is driving back home. Wants to talk to someone on the phone. 
is driving back to rainy Northern California today 
Is driving by Teagan's work.... Byeeeee!!! 
Is driving her boyfriend nuts with my enthusiasm and excitement for my new iPhone. He's never going to get me anything ever again.  
Is driving home...sad 
Is driving into the city. 
Is driving through Tulsa wishing she could stop 
is driving to the airport in St. Louis. I am nervous, excited, and hungry.  I think I need to poo too.
is driving! A little bored on a saturday and alone  Where shall he go, any suggestions?
is drooling over Canon DSLRs. -sigh- how I wish I have one 
is dumb tite I can't fine my headscarf... I can't go to sleep w/out it! My hair is gonna look madd scruffy tomorrow 
Is dying for a trip to the hairdressers! Arrghh! The joys of having long hair. 
Is dying my hair back to pink. I missed being a cupcake. And I miss my Sherry and Melanie 
is dying of heat 
is dying off hayfever 
is dying to get off from the bed... i'm sick of it 
is dying. i hate sunburns. 
is dying.....the air conditioning in office has broken 
is eatin chinese soup, its better than bein hungry 
is eating a nice warm bowl of ramen and mourning the fact that she's getting her phone and ipod taken away tonight....  i hate my lifeeee!
Is eating at red robin...but it's not the same without fry sauce 
is eating capn crunch berries. yumm. my last day in art today! woohoo. im gunna suck at the exam tho 
is eating fresh strawberries and thinking about some random acts to do over the summer... and working on ISPs 
is eating her smoothy rather than drinking it - the fruit was too frozen and wouldn't blend properly! 
is eating his last bar of Snickers chocolate  (mmm) http://plurk.com/p/11lzye
is eating humle pie.. 
is eating late at night once again....and @INLOWrock left 
Is eating longjohn at simei, 18chef fully booked. Damn  - http://tweet.sg
is eating lunch &amp;&amp; going to get her wisdom teeth pulled out at 1 yikess!!! 
is eatingg yass (: @_lestod ahaha gutterrr.  now to tidy this bombsite. wheey
is either booking a flight....or driving 
is either gna have 2 go 2 the hospital today or wait for the doctors 2moro.....       
Is emotionally disturbed about what is happening in the goslin house hold and hopes that this is not in her future 
is enjoyin her final days in Richmond with the besties?....despite finals 
is enjoyin lookin at the sun and blue skies but is sad i cant enjoy it 
is enjoying a bit a waynes world 2 before i have to put up with working in a town pub on bank holiday sunday 
is enjoying a nice, cool day in Ellensburg. Except for waking up to a calf charlie horse!!! Too much beer last night 
is enjoying a rainy day at home with the family. Soccer games canceled 
is enjoying all the warm weather...just wish David was home 
is enjoying caramel crunch to make herself feel better  http://plurk.com/p/toy0z
is enjoying her baileys and watching baileys. but im all by myself 
I wanna watch Hannah Montana: The Movie and 17 Again. 
I wanna watch Jonas tonight but i'm in the UK  Its not out over here :'( 
I wanna watch JONAS!  Maybe I should check out at youtube. Hmm.
i wanna watch PCD concert dad 
i wanna watch pushing daisies 
I wanna watch Smackdown vs. ECW LIVE!!!*cries* It's gonna be live in Araneta Coliseum!!!  On June something!!! LOL!!! =(
i wanna watch the wizard of oz but no vhs in my room  still want that book from greetings in PALM SPRINGS
I wanna watch Transformers 2 so so SOOO badly. 
I wanna watch True Blood now! 
I wanna watch Twilight!!!  I cant wait till tomorrow!! &gt;.&lt;
I wanna watch Yes Man again :\  I miss that show ! 
I wanna work at tara's 
I wannaa do somethinn...im boreddd 
i wanne go to italy 2 but i cant  yesterday just 4 h in the sun and i got sunburn. yeah . thats soooo unfair
i Wannna go to the USA 
I wannna take a nap ... Not go to work !!!  !!! Tired today 
I wannnnnnnaaaaaaa go to Thailand  I needs a holiday NOW!!!!!!
I WANNNNNNNNA SEEEE DREWWW AND BRANDON! IM SAD 
I want  to play some Rock Band but no ones signed on in my friends list  Guess I'll play with myself he he he
I want &lt;img&gt; support in XHTML-IM 
I want /b/ back. 
i want @renegadde to get online so i can tweet him cause my phone is broken and we cant txt 
I want @RenzoMusic here for my birthday this weekend 
I want @zfitty ahora 
i want 10 more followers 
i want 2 go 2 bed !!! 
I want 2 go home. 
I want 2 talk 2 my love 2night but it looks like I'm not going 2 get 2 :'( 
I want 2 things .... 
i want 2 vote 4 BNP but i cant because im underaged  COME ON BNP!!!!!!
I want 2 wish my dad a happy Father's Day but all I remember was him whoopin my ass. Damn all I wanted was a G.I. Joe 
I want 23 Mbps.  
I want 3.0 now!! Hurry up Cupertino. Although I'm sad to find out voice command &amp; video are on the new phones and not in the update. 
I want a $1 sweet tea from McDonalds. 
I want a @segway. 
i want a 3G S but i don't want them to do a major upgrade with dual core ARM A9's if i get it. i don't want to wait a year or so either 
i want a 3GS too.. but i'm angry that they would release a new phone when all the previous owners aren't eligible yet  i want that camera!
I'm sitting at home snuggled on the couch watching tv. Soooooo bored 
I'm sitting at school all alone......thanks Michaela lol  !!!!!
I'm sitting at the BBC stand at the 3 Counties Show, Malvern.  I'm so tired, been here since 7am  Only 5 hours to go!
I'm sitting discovering the joys of Spotify, and thinking I need to get going for work, but wanna find my Stylus!!!! 
Im sitting here and wishing i had money for a coffee  story of my life.
Im sitting here lost in transition  this wordpress is bugging me and I will not stop till I figure it out grrrh
im sitting here n brin's running around,simply ignoring me.how am i to leave her for a mth?? 
im sitting here thinking about stupid stuff. im getting very anxious and depressed. and im lonely  
I'm sitting in a dark room ... my dad took the light bulb out of the ... light thingy. So now it's dark. 
I'm sitting in the hot sun waiting for my soccer game to start. Why'd I think it started at 630  ugh!!
I'm sitting on a merry-go-round all by myself because the other kids don't want to play with me 
Im sitting on the computer fighting off the flu!!!!!    I can't wait until it's gone so i can go and SWIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im sitting out side waitin 4 my dad at the apartments  lol   &lt;3ATL.FTSK&lt;3
I'm sitting outside enjoying the weather but keeping well in the shade. I'm peeling and its sore  Going to rub slices of cucumber on it.
im sitting outside work having a fag in the sunshine and thinking i dont want to go to work today 
I'm skipping dance today 
i'm skipping yoga class today..  Felt the chills this morn.. but body temp is normal..
I'm slaving myself away as everybody else is on leave 
I'm sleeping or crying myself to sleep, either way, today was hell 
im sleepy , =/ .. i guess is cuz i just slept for 4 hours 
is enjoying my last day ever being 34.....   
is enjoying my time with Robbie, before he goes home... 
Is enjoying orientation, but is getting very tired... 
is enjoying some GTA4 after the semi-boring 1 vs 100 Beta.  No Microsoft Point prizes until July or so.  
is enjoying the glorious weather!!! But stuck indoors. 
is enraged!! The damn tiny bugs flying around my computer monitor won't leave me alone. I think one even flew in my mouth, ugh. 
is eveb though i was tired theta xi threw a legit party!! but disappointed there was no punch! 
is even more sad that emily won't be with her in mexico 
is everybody fall into a deep sleep???  hmmm... xxx
Is EVERYbody going to Canada or what? I wanna, 
Is everyone hiding from me now? I see. 
Is everyone ok in LA?!? 5.0? Omg thats scary 
I'm sleepy . . . .  need a rest, I hate my class! 
im sleepy already and don't finish till 7am. just want to sleeeeeep 
I'm sleepy and I have to study... again and again and again... 
I'm sleepy but I can't sleep...too bad I gotta be up in the a.m. 
im sleepy but im too lonely to go to bed..i have noone to cuddle with 
I'm sleepy on the saturday and wondering what happened to that Air France flight. Not good for my fear of flying. 
I'm sleepy so its off to bed....alone 
im sleepy too. I tried napping it didn't work. 
I'm sleepy, but there are changes coming and have to finish it before I can go to sleep 
im sleepy, my head aches and my throat hurts and i want to go home 
I'm sleepy, sleepy, sleepy. The person I want to cuddle with is 1000 miles away 
i'm sleepy. and its soooo hot in my house. 
I'm sleepy. I want to go back to bed. 
I'm sleepy... It's way past my bed time... Tonight was super fun hanging out with the girls... I will miss @BrittneyDBell so so so much 
im slightly over it dont feel like today much at all 
Im Slowing on My Tweets..Cuase I Lost My Phone 
I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that work is for suckers...  But my bank balance says that i need to be a sucker 
I'm slurping chicken broth for a hard-to-break chest cold.  
I'm so addicted- I get scared and nervous when I go a few hours without getting any emails. 
I'm so addicted to TV these days. I watch everything  I'm addicted to everything. I might die when school starts again. NOO 
I'm so aggravated right now. I feel like breaking this computer 
im so ALONE... everybody is out.... 
i'm so angry because or(latvian) woman basketball team lose the game to spain 
