I'm so angry, 'bout that Christianis together with Ellen again. Why does he do that?  Pls god, make Alisa and him a couple again...
I want a 4th meal 
I want a baby kitten SOOOOOOOO bad. Damnit 
I want a baby...  I know, I know, whiny little brats, but the joy would be immense.
I want a bacon sarnie, 1 prob tho, no bacon 
I want a band  I'd like to be on tour every month! Fans. Touring with my favorite bands! Whooa! On tour with CS, Cash Cash &amp; FTSK! *dream*
I want a Ben hug  but I think someone stole his phone coz he's being very bipolar :/
I want a big fluffy cushion to hug. 
I want a big group of friends, that hang out on a certain day and just have fun with each other company. maybe one day 
I want a blackberry bold  Haha !
I want a blackberry sooo bad 
I want a blackberry sooo bad!  HELP MEEHH! xDD
i want a blackberry storm or a prada 2 phone 
I want a blog with a domain, but I need a layout 
i want a boob job cause my boobs shrunk 
I want a boy. 
I want a boyfriend 
i want a brownie batter blizzard! and am waiting for ppl to let me know if they're out in dwntwn lex yet. pretty dress and nowhere to go! 
i want a burger now 
I want a car!! 
i want a cheeseburger with fries, yuuuuuuuuummy 
I want a chubby hug from a little girl called Willow 
i want a cibo hot chocolate real bad 
I want a cigarette...stupid non-smoking. 
i want a ciggarette 
I want a coloring book  it'll keep my mind off the pain.
I want a crumpet!   I don't want to go to the store again though
i want a Dark Mocha Frappucino..but i have cough 
I want a desert eagle. Unfortunately my wrist are not strong enough. 
i want a disneyland annual pass 
I want a dog. 
I want a doggy 
i want a domain  Cham can you buy me one?
I want a drum machine. 
I want a DS so bad. 
I want a fake BLT.... 
i want a faster upload speed 
i want a fluff plushie 
I want a follower like Jesus 
I want a frapuccino 
i want a fred top SO bad!!! 
i want a free hug from shindong 
I want a funnel cake  and some more books to read..picking up the Vampire Diaries tomorrow...should be done w/ those by Friday.
I want a funnel cake so bad! People keep talking about them on Miss Bimbo. I don't think you can get them in the UK though 
i want a ghd straightener but the shipping costs 50 pounds? NO DEAL! 
is excited about going to c russell howard tonight YAY  but has the horrid task of cleanin the house first 
is excited about going to work tomorrow so i can actually be productive .... such a wasteful day 
is excited about her holiday with @xkiss  &lt;3   bank holiday weather sucks 
Is excited about my life and how it is moving forward... John goes in for surgery next week  Please keep your prayers with us...
is excited about the bar crawl on 13th alreadyy!!!!!! but sad coz it is the LAST one!!! 
is excited about the new graduation venue..Chaifetz Arena..sooo much nicer than Queeney...one week left seniors 
is excited about tomorrow!!! but i gotta clean the house  CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN AHHHHHHH
is EXCITED about tomorrow..but i have a stinkin huge headache at the moment and its stromin 
is excited for Austin...in like two months. 
is excited for the iPhone 3.0 update but is hoping its not till 6pm GMT 
is excited for the season finale of The Hills tonight! but *can* wait though... since it will be LC's last show. 
I'm so annoyed I have to work on the hottest day ever!! 
I'm so annoyed jim died  :,(
I'm so annoyed that that LIVE update just glitched my Gears of War 2 achievement journal. I won't be playing multiplayer ever again. 
im so anoyed at life  help
I'm so behind all the school stuff na  10 days na ko :| Class mass tomorrow ;;)
i'm so behind on fanlistings.  i have a LOT of work to do.
I'm so behind on my reading this year. I've only read 14 books so far. I thought I would have read almost 30 books by now. 
i'm so beyond dead tired. z zz zzz work at 11am 
i'm so blah today.  i need cheering up.
I'm so blessed for my family! I miss my siblings though, I want them home with me! 
I'm so blockup up here it is unreal #coldsucks 
Im so board. Theres nothing on tv, I want to go for a run but my foot hurts. Ill just clean my room. Today completely and utterly sucks 
I'm so board... I want my car back ((((((((((((((( I missed it 
I'm so bord at work wish I could do something exciting for a chance! 
I'm so bored  I wanna go homeeee 
IM SO BORED  Imma go to bed... its 1 am and fathers day is tomorrow so i better get some sleep. Nighty Night.
i'm so bored  so i will watch the Incredible YouTube
I'm so bored  waiting for alissa I guess
im so bored an have to do english homework 
I'm so bored and nothing to do.. 
i'm so bored and really have 2 pee. their is nuthing on tv like usual, haha 
I'm so bored at work!! Did all my work now I have nothing to do 
I'm so bored bai D: Come home to me? 
I'm so bored here.  We're going to get pizza though.  9 days until we go home. It's 7 PM here, BTW.
i'm so bored i can barely even tweet. i have nothing to talk about.  #boredboots
im so bored i wish i was at kiaras 
I'm so bored in class and I miss him so much 
im so bored it is unbelieveable 
im so bored now that i don't have anything to do. 
I'm so bored now. Finished reading betrayed.  Waiting for chosen tomorrow! :-D
I'm so bored right now!!! 
Im so bored right now. I would really like something to do. I wish it was at least thursday. I want my yearbook. 
I'm so BOREd right now... just sitting in the house all by myself.. 
I'm so bored right now...can't sleep for crap!!  
Im so bored right nowwww  Not going out after all :@
is excited for this week but misses my boyfriend and doesn't know if im ready for this wedding.. 
Is excited for tomorrow. but is missing her little old man 
Is excited that he and Aitch are taking part in a TV filming on Sunday but has been told he can't talk about it 
is excited to go parasailing tomorow! and.. dosent want to go away this weekend 
is excited to have his nephews in town... but not happy about waking up at 6:30am.  
is excited! Going Singapore Flyer, BUT Pipi has my camera!!!!!! 
is excited... Today I am having a car inspected by Walt (on 10th St) step 1 in purchasing the vehicle.  Step 2, price negotiations... 
is exhasted! And I still have so much to do before it all ends! 
Is exhausted and feeling so ill 
is exhausted and not happy...I just wanted to get sleep last night but everyone wanted to party 
Is exhausted and will be packing all day tomorrow, as well as going to the Apple store to get my disk drive replaced AGAIN 
I want a girlfriend   So I can cuddle her,love her,taking care of her when shes sick and just love her for who she is.
I want a golden retriever puppy!! soooo cute!! damn i really want one... 
I want a Green Lantern ring 
I want a grilled cheese sandwich so bad I actually asked my mom to come make me one. She said no due to stupid traffic. 
I want a hamburger.  And nachos. At 1am.  
I want a hot manly man like aiden on sex and the city. john corbett is so gd cute!! I want to feel tiny next to someone 
I WANT A HOT SHOWER! &gt;&lt; :'(  I miss my old lecky one. My folks are morons. 
I want a job RIGHT NOW! For the most part I like the job I have now, but it can't pay for that apartment. 
I want a job. As in, one that pays me at the end of the month. 
I want a kindle dx, when are they coming to the uk? 
I want a kitten  My last one died. An achingly Siamese cat.
i want a lion cub 
i want a lot of candies 
i want a love like that. 
I want a Mac! These PC's are kinda shit. 
I want a Mac.   .. Haha.
i want a macbook. 
i want a maxi's cake 
I want a mocha frappuccino now... 
i want a moleskine! ( its so expensive 
I want a Monte Cristo sandwich sooo... BAd!!! 
I want a music box that plays this song  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7g9fb
I want a nap but there's stuff on my bed. Guess I better move it cause I can barely keep my eyes open 
i want a Nathan Kress's poster so badly 
I want a NeverShoutNever shirt 
i want a new camera 
i want a new camera but i guess i've spent the money on my teeth. 
I want a new camera. But this one is only 1 yr old. 
I want a new dress a shoes. But im poor as shit 
i want a new i-pod 
I want a new job  something fun and exciting... worth getting up for in the mornings!  Can anyone help?
i want a new kitten right now 
i want a new kitty 
i want a new laptop D: the new 13inch or 15inch macbookpro please 
I want a new phone case but I can only getthis one off by breaking it! 
i want a new phone....mine works badly 
I want a new phooone. 
I want a new pic, but I really don't have any good ones. 
I want a new piercing but my ears are too small. . . What do i do? 
I WANT A NEW PUPPY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i want a new tattoo 
I want a new tattoo!!! I can't hide piercings 
I want a new tumblr layout but don't know where to find them 
im so bored there is nothing to do 
Im so bored tonight boo  anyone in the mood to chat at all ;)
Im so bored!  But muy little man just woke up so my day should brighten up! He just came in to sit with me yah
Im So Bored! Its My bday And I Have Nothin To Do!I'm Off And Every1 Else Isn't  Gym Tonyt On My Bday Ha This Day Couldnt Get Any Worse ha
i'm so bored!!!! it will rain the whole day today.... i can't wait for summer to come. rainy days makes me sad 
I'm so bored, and tired, and have a horrible headache...someone come cuddle with me 
i'm so bored, i wanna eat 
im so bored.   @iarerawbot Whats up?
I'm so bored.  I don't feel today... I don't know why...
I'm so bored.  I don't want to go to the gym.. or do laundry.. or do anything..
i'm so bored. all alone again in the house. 
i'm so bored. i don't want to go home. 
Im so bored. I should be sleeping but...i kinda slept all day today :S lol and i have school  so uncool!
I'm so bored. No one is talking on MSN, there's nothing to do, and I've got no texts.. 
im so bored.. sometimeees i feel lonely  lol
I'm so bored...  I'm going to read some book. But I can't decide which (:
i'm so bored... and i can't type korean with this computer so i can play with themm.. 
Im so bored....Fridays are suppose to be fun 
im so bored...jaws2 is over, and he swans got massively ripped apart by the dogs today!!! 
I'm so bored...wanna go to Braunschweig, but no one has time 
I'm so boreddddddddd. I wanna do something but I'm way too lazyy. 
I'm so boreeeeed. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .I need internet. 
I'm so boring now 
i'm so borring noww.. huhhuhuhuhuhuhu.... 
i'm so broke. i hate you rent. 
Im so brokeee! And i only have one more paycheck till i leave for San Jose for 2 weeks by myself  ...basically screwed.
I'm so bummed b/c the theater company in Charleston is doing Rent this summer and I can't audition cause a) internship/job and b) vacay 
I'm so bummed I didnt get to go shopping for new fabrics and stuff today cause I was too busy. And I cant tomorrow either. 
i'm so burnt 
I'm so close to 1,000 guys  COMEON
I'm so cold  the one day I don't wear a jacket
im so cold and its so dark and shmee wants me to cover people in kerosene and light a match..............im scared 
i'm so cold, where did the sun go 
I'm so confuse 
Im so confused about so many things right now... 
im so confused about things..  why cant people just be straight forward? D; i do not like to play games &gt;;(
I want a new UI  But I don't want to actually set it up myself.
I want a Nintendo #DSi now 
I want a Nothing Personal bracelet 
I want a Palm Pre, damn I already have a smart phone &amp; got no excuses to get a new one 
I want a palm pre, sorry iPhone 
I want a panda like Rob's panda  That would calm me down a litle 
I want a pickle.. I still haven't had one  I'm taking over twitter! MUAHAHA!
i want a picture on mine... 
i want a pink giraffe with spots that makes funny noises when yuo shake it 
I want a pit soo bad 
I want a pool 
I want a poutine and cheetos 
I want a power ranger shirt. But hot topic doesnt have the one i want. 
i WANT a profissional camera  give me one?
I want a puppy right now... I don't wanna wait til August 
i want a puppy!! 
I want a puppy. 
I want a purple berry 
I want a really awesome vintage shirt that i saw.  it's so pretty.
I want a REALLY Friend! 
I WANT A REALTIME YOUTUBE INVITATION 
i want a re-do   it matters.
I want a shower now. My body needs it to feel refreshed. Last one was on sun 
I want a shower when I get home...last night was outrageously hot  And Davinya slept in her dressing gown under the covers...my God.
i want a siberian husky 
i want a signed Mac picture, but my momm said no 
I want a sketchbook...   Someone other than myself should see my thoughts, so I wanna start drawing them...
I want a snack 
I want a soft side ! i dont want to be a cold-hearted Btchh anymore !! 
I want a st Bernard doggy 
I want a StarCraft 2 beta invite! 
i want a sweet night talk with him.. very much.. 
I want a tan so bad 
i want a teardrop 
I want a top hat 
i want a turtle 
I want a verified user seal next to my name 
i want a volcano taco soooo bad right now 
I want a walk to remember on dvd... 
i want a water ice a preztel......we have the preztels but no water ice 
i want a webcam... but i don't think i'd have anyone to video chat with if i did get one  haha.
I want A)Stavros Flatley B) Aiden Davis C) Julian whatever his last name is to win. Unfortunately they won't.  #BGT
i want adios script font  someone give me 99$!
I want Aidan Davis or Diversity to win BGT, got a feeling Susans gonna beat them though 
is exhausted from one day of twirling.. and there's still two more days!! 
Is exhausted with children today. 
is exhausted! 
is exhausted, soccer throughout the entire week! too much 
is exhausted... slept like crap. Today's gonna be awesome. 
is experiencing hives for the 2nd time in a week. WTH - DC pollen is crucial  UGH! Headed to the allergist - again!!!
is exploring twitter - and partied too much last night!  Must get back to work!
Is extemely saddened by the sudden death of her favorite aunt this morning.  http://tinyurl.com/q9h3wh
is extremely anxious. 
is extremely bored chatting on msn and playing #spymaster 
is EXTREMELY cranky today.  :'(
is extremely disappointed she won't be able to go to Dez's tonight. I guess she's not meant to get out of the damn house. 
is extremely full. english tomorrow, i hope it's an interesting paper 
is extremely hungover 
is extremely poor this morning 
Is extremely sad her computer cannot handle The Sims 3 
is extremely sad that I won't get to meet Milo Ventimiglia again this saturday  But at least I have Cedar Point as a consolation prize...
is extremely sad that shes not gonna see ppl from star anymore or next year. 
is extremely sunburned 
Is extremely ticked off tha @TRIXXLA f'd up my phone 
Is extremely tired &amp; resting the body for tomorrows work day 
is extremely tired......coming down off a &quot;beach high&quot; at work   Yes I'm pouting..............
Is extremly tried 
Is Facebook still loading really slow for anyone else? This is day 3 of it really creeping along. Thought they would fix this bug by now 
is fake baking for the next 3 weeks to even out tan lines for my sister's wedding...not a big fan of it at all. 
is fallin' love with someone.. ;-) i'm always thinking of him..happy..happy..and sad.. 
Im so confused and like i cant breath and dang its crazy 
I'm so confused right now. 
i'm so confused, i'm going to cry in about two seconds haaa 
I'm so confused, what did I do wrong? grr I always say the wrong things 
Im so confused,i dont know what to do.Its so hard for me to go to bed,especially with all these memories with you going through my head! 
i'm so confused. i dont know 
i'm so confused. i wish i was never put in this position 
I'm so confused...   Maybe I  went about it the wrong way, but somethin had to be done.
I'm so congested I can't taste my Dinosaur nuggets.  fail on the nom mom nom..
I'm so congested! 
I'm so crazy, I'm going through withdrawl from @suprach... my coooooousin. 
i'm so damn bored. never thought i'd say this but i wanna go to school, just to see everyone  being ill sucks  doctors later  IHCFL XX
I'm so dead, I've many holiday hw undone 
Im so depressed  everyone is out and having fun
Im so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test 
i'm so depressed. i don't know why but it's really bothering me. 
im so depressed. mum just died 
I'M SO DEPRESSED.... I JUST NEED TO BREATH ... I JUST NEED PEACE .... 
I'm so desperate to get back to the gym that it's starting to drive me a bit mad. 
I'm so devastated about Have Heart splitting up I have to twitter.  Fuck my life.  
I'm so devasted about Jon and Kate! Why would this happen!? 
I'm so directionally challenged....   Long story. I hate freeways. With good reason.
I'm so disappointed I didn't get to hang out with him! I obviously have residual feelings. Oops 
I'm so disappointed that dinner turned out to be just me and Grumpy won't be here to eat at all.  All my grilling in vain.  
I'm so disappointed the Dance Stage at Reading is only on the Sunday. The Qemists and Chase &amp; Status are there, gutted 
i'm so distracted by my professor's camel toe right now  it's disgusting, yet slightly intriguing.
Im so done with this cold. I really wanna go out tonight, but i really dont feel like it. 
I'm so down .. you can't imagine how bad i feel. Sucks to be I  #me #fail
I'm so down again.  I wish I could share my problems with someone...
I'm so down for a pasta bread bowl right now 
Im so down! The AC in my house just broke 
im so drained. Dads back in town, having a get together tonight with a whole bunch of people, but kailib can't come 
Im so dreading wednesday. 
Is falling asleep through boredom 
Is falling asleep, how can this be? Its only 10 
is falling asleep...but in bed, so thats okay. kinda bummed...thought i had tomorrow off, but i work the next six days in a row 
is fed up  xx &lt;3 steve
Is fed up and is about to go home , fancyed a night out aswell 
is fed up and just wants a cuddle 
is fed up of being expected to have super human abilities and not being allowed to wear his pants outside of his trousers... 
is fed up of insomnia and bad dreams, so much research to do and i just want to be in the sun 
is fed up of not being able to concentrate 
is fed up of people treating her like crap, then the moment i stand up for myself it just turns to shit, hmm 
is fed up with copy/paste 
is fed up with Estate Agents being lying bastards or perverts 
is feeeelllinggg super tired. 
is feelign all round bad times right now 
is feelin nostalgic......missin childhood days!!!! 
is feelin rly sad 2day  x
is feelin sick  every1 is thinkin its swine flu they're all overreacting i just got up too quick
is feelin' so stupid now 
is feelin' some stress today 
Is feelin the wrath of alotta alcohol on my tummy 
Is feeling @Miss__Anne hugs! But i've said what i needed to. Now we wait 
is feeling a bit better, and hopes today is more uplifting. It's all &quot;doom and gloom&quot; around here... 
Is feeling a bit delfated over everything 
is feeling a bit left out &amp; lonely 
is feeling a bit sad for ricky hatton 
is feeling a bit... umm yeah 
is feeling a little    &gt;.&lt; !
is feeling a little better. but I need to stop eating. ugh! 
is feeling a little bit lonely this morning   Happens from time to time in this ole business !
is feeling a little bit of seperation anxiety. 
Is feeling a little bit poorly today 
is feeling a little dopy today and sleep deprived 
is feeling a little ignored....doesn't like it 
is feeling a little sad today- no reason why-just am.   Its going to be a long day.
is feeling a little sick today!  Hopefully the pill I took will make me feel better!
Is feeling a little stressed 
is feeling a little traumatized by simultaneous outage of iPhone &amp; broadband..  Stealing neighbours slow WiFi feels dirty &amp; soooo slow.
is feeling a little weird today...think i might hav to giv the gym a miss and rest tonight even tho i dont want to 
Im so drunk.i punish myself,i luv drinkin n hate workin but thats my life thats all i do  any1 feel the same let ne no!!!
im so excited for promotion, but sad to be leaving 
I'm so excited for Toy Story 3! Even though it comes out next year http://bit.ly/HeSiR
I'm so exhausted  I wanna cry I hate summer school
I'm so exhausted  I want to sleep for days and days and days....
I'm so exhausted.  and I think you're about to let me down. 
i'm so FAT! i hate me! 
I'm so feckin tired  
I'm so fed up. I going to sleep for the rest of my life, and only wake up for Warped. That's the one thing I'm looking forward to. Ah 
I'M SO FREAKIN HUNGRY! MY STOMACH FEELS LIKE ITS SINKIN IN! SOMEONE COOK 4 ME! 
Im so freakin tired rite now 
I'm so freaking hungry! 
i'm SO freaking out but for a different reason i'm not ready to lose him yet i need more time why can´t i get more time?? 
I'm so freaking sore 
I'm so freaking tired of being in this car. 
is feeling a tad bit sad and a little depressed 
is feeling all round bad times right now 
is feeling anxious about eco 
is feeling awful today. blehh 
is feeling better but still a little sad. 
is feeling better but still not back to herself... also pretty sad that Adrian is going out of town again tomorrow... stupid job 
Is feeling better than before after this nice nap, but I'm bored and the bugs here are starting to get to me 
is feeling coldy, yucky and gross...i need nursing and cuddles 
is feeling despondent 
Is feeling dizzy and not to cool 
Is feeling down today   redundancy it's a horrible thing
is feeling down today  cheer me up my little twitters
Is feeling empty. This is Blair mcmillans sad face 
is feeling even worse..  cold, cough, sore throat.. the works 
is feeling fat, not going to eat tomorrow. Don't let me forget and don't let me eat even if I am hungry and beg... thanks! can't get FAT 
is feeling fed up and bored  dam it! x
is feeling fed-up... 
is feeling flu-ey... I don't want to get ill before my last exam  I hope I get better before Wednesday.
Is feeling frustrated with her computer!! 
is feeling giddy and naeuseous now...  
is feeling her eyes burned-fried after 10 hours attached to the screen uploading new summer clothing for my store www.Chittypulga.com 
is feeling homesick all of the sudden. BATCH '07, I MISS YOU 
is feeling icky....I dont like being sick 
is feeling ill 
is feeling ill, I can barely talk 
Is Feeling It Today! Sooo Tiredd 
is feeling kinda down today 
is feeling lame. Hanging in LA alone on a Saturday night   Mr. Mondavi helps ease the sadness.
is feeling lazy and doesnt wanna do anything... 
is feeling like a piece of shit on the sidewalk... not good 
is feeling like an outcast  jkjk.
is feeling like crap 
is feeling like crap and will continue 2 feel like crap until a miracle takes away this flu! 
is feeling like she shouldn't up right now, so tired 
is feeling like the biggest bitch 
is feeling lonely. 
is feeling lousy. lacks sleep and rest... 
is feeling low today.   
Is feeling neglected    I sooo need some TLC right about now!!
is feeling nostalgic 
is feeling pants, slept all afternoon and am still wiped out    oh and the kids are back too
is feeling pissed off at my self 4 what happend today 
is feeling pretty crappy today 
Is feeling pretty down and doesn't want to tweet about #t20 
is feeling pretty sad &amp; down today! 
is feeling quite distant from her friends 
is feeling quite lazy...I don't want to go work out... 
is feeling quite new to this :L maths exam tomorrow 
is feeling rather crapp 
is feeling rather grumpy today  ah the life of a teen...
is feeling rather lonely and broke...oh wait...I am lonely and broke.  
is feeling rather morose.could be the prospect of spending a whole lovely wknd studying 
is feeling rather tired but has a ton of coursework due for tomorrow 
Is feeling rather unloved today, where is everyone and why arent you talking to me????! *huff, stomp, sulk* 
is feeling rather unwell - my head feels like its going to burst with all the information inside of it 
is feeling really down today 
is feeling really lonely  need a hug - any offers?
Is feeling really rough.. Still got headache after 6 days.. Needs something fun to happen to me.. Life is so shit atm 
is feeling really sad and tired and i dont know why 
is feeling really woozy and icky... 
is feeling really worried  http://plurk.com/p/11d1wl
is feeling restless. gawd, im missing cinta fitri again 
is feeling rubbish  Miss him loads
is feeling sad and a little sick today 
is feeling sad and I have no idea why. The pressure is getting to me I think. 
is feeling sad for amanda. she got bradie instead of shaun. 
is feeling sad... for some reason..  http://plurk.com/p/wxji3
Is feeling sick in my condo in Miami... Maybe it's from all the rain 
Is feeling sick to his stomach ... 
is feeling sick today. I'm going to hate oreo ice cream now for my tonsillitis. 
is feeling sick!! and my sun burn hurts on my stomach   not good not good at all!! x
is feeling sick, underloved and dosent want to study 
is feeling sick...inside...i wish i cud just throw up my feelings 
is feeling sickie today  not good...
is feeling sickly  hope to feel better before I go see Sam in Jax this week
is feeling slightly unloved  lol
is feeling so bad 
is feeling so bored... i miss school time 
is feeling so edgy and angsty :S Don't know what to do :S Hate this feeling  So confused :S AARRGGHH!! 
is feeling so empty.  http://plurk.com/p/uj66r
I want all my friends with me now  miss yall and FYI my FAN twitter is mileycyrus not here ! love yall, god bless!
i want all the new mcfly pictures from this conference  where can i find them? pls help me boardiessss
I want alot of followersssssssssssssss 
i want amy back 
i want an ahmed @SarahOrtiz 
i want an ako mismo dog tag. where can i get one? 
i want an andy warhol watch, i really freaking do 
I want an chocolate chip muffin or an strawberry frosted.   Donkin' Donuts &amp; Starbucks &lt;-- I miss it. 
I want an English boy too. 
i want an eva mendes tan 
I want an iPhone  #squarespace
i want an iphone !!! iv lost my phone  *sobs*
I want an iPhone instead of my shitty one. 
I want an iPhone reallyyy badly 
i want an iphone!! 
I want an Iphone, and a Wii, and a DS, and a video camera, and a portable external harddrive, and and and.... I need more money 
I want an iphone, but I just really want it to fall in my lap, not to actually have to shell out money 
i want an ipod touch pulak 
I want an itouch for my bday, do I think I'll get it? probably not!  
I want and I need sun , no more cold days 
I want and NEED him to be the father of my babies  ugh...I really do miss him. 
I want ankle boots 
i want annie to come home! Being home alone sucks! 
I want another Frapp now 
I want another shake from Ritas.Badly. 
I want Arbys for dinner but everyone else wants Chilis! 
I want AT&amp;T Uverse and they don't offer it on my side of town 
i want attention 
I want Bella &amp; Edward, but they're $125.99 each. 
i want bill bailey to do the doctor who thing again! 
I want boiling crab 
I want bonaroo vip pack 
i want braces so bad   i hate smiling.
I want burger lounge right now 
I want burnies  but instead I get some gay food
I want Butterscotch Pudding Ice Cream from Cold Stone!!    its Yummmy!!!!!  way better then RITAS!!!!
I want cake! where do I get good cake in London? 
I want Canteen Noodles with the chopsticks and the box! last week i only got it in a bowl 
I want cheee too to make a cumberland pie! 
I want cheese toastie. But do not have toastie maker.  regular toast will suffice .
i want cheesecake from CBTL or chocolate kiss! 
i want chic-fil-a.  stupid jerseyy.
I want chicken 
i want chinese!!! husband doesnt want it  watching a movie
i want chips 
i want chocolate  but no, my mummy hasnt bought any 
i want chocolate cake 
is feeling soooo much better than yesterday... too bad I have to go to the dentist 
is feeling stir-crazy from being in the library too long 
is feeling stressed out 
is feeling terrible   ....yet got many things waiting for her
Is feeling that my heart is in two different places.... today is the first mother's day i've not been with my mom.... 
is feeling that she possibly offended someone 
is feeling the hangover...7 hours on 
is feeling the pain of a break up   
is feeling the pain this morning from all her work this weekend 
is feeling the side effects of yesterday night 
is feeling the tension...  http://plurk.com/p/xeal7
is feeling tired and peed off with her dad after he was being annoying to me! last night. what a f*cking knob 
is feeling tired despite such a relaxed day. Mentally drained for some reason 
is feeling tired, cos some idiot phoned her at 4am 
Is feeling totally gloomy, bloody work, bloody numpty's at work  I need a holiday
is feeling totally lost without a website or email 
Is feeling unloved.... 
Is feeling unusually fatigued this morning. 
is feeling urgh.  Never more than 5 yards from a bucket currently.    TMI?
is feeling very alone 
is feeling very bad for my dog right now 
Is feeling very confused and meh... 
is feeling very ill today 
is feeling very sad that so many buddies are leaving work   #fb
is feeling very sick... 
is feeling very tireddd 
Is feeling yuk! Again. I hate being sick its so non productive. So much to do and  no energy to do it grrrrrrrrrrrrr 
is felling a little sick 
is feverish 
is fightin a mean toothache. So not cool.  - http://bkite.com/076lG
is fighting the sleep...have to work today 
is fighting with her bff 
is figuring out her school schedule for fall  fuck im scared already
is filming in the rain tomorrow. 
is finally back at home but now headed to storage in baytown. So tired 
is finally back from DOWNLOAD 09, Slip Knot were the highlight of the event!! Sunday night was a let down, no end of Festival Fireworks?! 
I want chocolate. 
I want chocolate. But the shop doesn't sell cadbury. WHY?! 
I want class to be over so I can go on a date with my boyfriend  before I leave for two days.
I want Coke 
I want cold  snow, cold, hot chocolate *_____* brazil so hot '-'
i want come back to U.S.A. 
I want cookies and donuts 
i want craig owens to play at my houseee. 
I want Crimson Gem Saga.  I will just go play RF Guerilla demo repeatedly. I (Mission Failed - YOU DIED) so many times from dicking around
I want dat camwaaaaaah! 
I want Dave Days' CD 
I want death ..they hurts me soo much ,what i do `?? ..Why i live there ? ...omg ..I cry just like little kid  ..I'm confused ....
i want demi lovatos alburight now!! 
I want Diet Butcher shoes   &lt;3
I WANT DINIE'S CAMMY 
i want eat milkyway 
i want eat this http://www.sprinkles.com/ 
I want finals to be over  Ughhh
I want flowers!  oh wait... I got some on my b-day. But still it's nice to get them for no reason! Anyone want to encourage my hubby? Lol!
I want followers 
I want food. 
I want french fries 
i want french toast.  
i want frozen yogurt, but i stay in mililani. 
i want go to the jonas concert 
I want green days new cd so bad 
I want green mangoes. 
I want green tea ice cream 
I want grilled cheese  but my tummys full &amp; @syrenn is on my computer =/
I want halibut and chips from ivars!!!! 
i want her back.. 
I want him back  fml
i want him back  it hurts without him.   hmm. . . youtube is hilarious. haha.
i want him but i want him to be happy more. if that means i have to let him go i will 
I want him now  @lean_nasution buat packing packing coz I hate packing 
I want him right beside me. 
I want him!!!!!! His name is Shorty. Owner give up and has been abused  how? How can people do that?  http://mypict.me/2P0U
I want holidays!!! Tired of exams 
i want hot topic in sinapore. damn it  
i want hot topic in singapore!  I WANNA MIGRATE TO AMERICA. 
I want ice cream Im out 
I want ice cream too 
I want ice cream!!! 
IS FINALLY CALLIN IT A NITE! 2DAY THE SAVE-A-THON GOES DOWN @MARVIN GAYE PARK (FOOTE ST &amp; DIVISION AVE, NE)..JEEZ MY ALARM IS SET FOR 7AM 
is finally catching her connecting flight to athens! wishing @ Alcioneg and @GabyF were here 
is finally done with studio but now have the worst cold ever  so i can't even enjoy my free time...wish i was home so mom could help me
Is finally gettin on the Newday case...... Got FFAARRRR to much philosophy reading to do  Salsa tonight people?
is finally glad that it is Friday. I really want to go to this concert, but not alone 
is finally going to sleep then work tomorrow 
is finally home after Pho, and found Timmy stayed up passed 9:30pm on the computer: I am thinking about a proper duration to ground him 
Is finally home and resting and is really missing her friends  I haven't seen u all in forever
is Finally home. Not having the best of days  http://plurk.com/p/y10lx
is finally home.. yey!!! boy did i have a looong day.. im pooped.. 
Is finally off werk about to smoke a bleezy. Wish ryan was still coming over. 
is finally on a bus to the Port Authority. Why did the previous bus have to leave early? 
is finally on holidays.... sorry I haven't twitted much lately been sooo busy and all 
is finally settled on /^http(s?):\/\/([\w-]+\.)+[\w-]+(\/[\w-\.\/\?%&amp;=]*)?$/ Phew, I'm not good at this 
is finally uncapped but all my shows are finished 
I want ice-cream! But there's no ice-cream in my house 
I want ihop 
I want ike to come home. 
I want In &amp; Out soooooooooooo bad animal style everything!!!!!! Fuck hate NOT driving 
I want infamous  not fair.
i want internet on my phone godamit 
I want israel  http://tinyurl.com/cu7guo
i want it to be christmas 
i want it to be sunday right now 
I want it to be Wednesday already so I can hurry up and go to New Zealand so I'm busy and not sitting here bored and stressing 
i want jack in the box tacos soooo bad right now 
I want jbro to comment me! 
I want juice    or maybe some punch even
I want june gloom to come back. Fuck the heat 
I want katherine moenning back 
I want Kelly and Zhen Ni at my house now!    Yesterday was awesome! We should get together more often and drive the world crazy.  
I want Kevin.  
I want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me 
I want Landon Pigg's music! Torrentz.com has failed me. Any suggestions? 
I want Last.FM back 
i want lava cake mthrfckr.   hmm
i want leeds fest and holiday in spain now 
I want lego harry potter now 
I want lomo fisheye NOW  i need money
I WANT LVATT BUT  ARRIVE AFTER   (in cancun)
I want LVTT!  Post dude, get me it now! LOL.
I Want Lynes, Vines And Trying Times NOW! 
I want mac and cheese.  But GOOD mac and cheese. Not the crap I make.
I want Malice in Subeta  But i can't get it.
I want mango ice candy. But it's hiding from me in the freezer  Yes, I'm posting this because I want the whole world to know, apparently.
i want marc jacobs sunglasses. but my dad didnt bought them for me in Milan 
I want Marius Zaromskis vs Hayato Sakurai to happen right now. 
I want Marshmellow . 
I want Matt to hurry back from picking up his cousin. They're stuck in traffic behind a huge accident on Sunrise. 
I want McFlurry. 
i want McFLY so badly that i have a heartache   (seorously)
i want me some ramen. but its too late 
I want Miley Cyrus' book Miles to go.......  I really wanna read it...
I want miso soup right now!! but it 330am. i'm gonna sleep instead. 
I want MMS!  #squarespace
i want ModNation Racers 
I want money to buy new music. 
I WANT MONEY to waste on things I don't need. Waaaah 
i want more cashew nuts but my braces can't handle it anymore *stares at the cashew nuts* huhu 
I want more durians!! 
I want more followers 
i want more fries 
I want more ice cream but the box is empty  #moosetracks
I want more money to get the True blood dvd. 
I want more on Sabina Guzzanti.. nothing anywhere in English, its all dutch or italian 
i want more people to follow me. 
i want more sleep. work is being a drag queen. 
i want more sleepy time. 
I want more tea but I don't want to go upstairs  Bring me tea please.... NOW!
i want more twitter friens  maybe if i add miley cyrus i'll gain 1000000 new followers hahhahahahahaha
i want mountain dew 
i want mr wilson back  my mum thinks @Georgecraigono looks like kris off bb, lmao. somehow i don't see it
I want my $42 and 50 cents back pls 
I want my 3.0 - but i cant - its not there yet and im syncing my iPhone with my Mac Mini so will have to wait till tonight 
i want my 360 back 
I want my 360 back already..... 
I WANT MY ALLERGIES TO DIE ALREADY.. ARGH..! (SNEEZE.. SNEEZE.. COUGH.. SNOT.. SNIFF.. SNEEZE) I HATE ALLERGIES.. SIGH MY FUDGIN A** OFF 
I WANT MY APPS TO WORK 
I want my backstret boys membership back  #BSB
I want my bathroom back 
I want my bed lol  lmao
I want my bf SOOO badly right now  (via #zenjar )
I want my Blackberry back!! 
i want my boy back 
i want my boyfriend 
I want my boyfriend  really bad :/
I want my boyfriend care about me 
i want my boyfriend to not be sick 
i want my brother home so i can play sims 3 
i want my brother home so i can play sims 3  idiots http://tinyurl.com/kvyukm
i want my carrrrr. 
i want my cat back 
I want my cat back and I so sore from the accident now 
i want my cell phone back  its still broken... but  at my birthday im going to buy a new one  this time i think it will be a blackberry
I want my computer back from school, so i can use Sony Vegas.. this computer is to slow 
I want my computer painted  but I know he won't do it
I WANT MY DAMN EGGS AND BACON EBB! shoot 
I want my DAnce Tsubaruuuuu  soon
i want my dreamers bracelet   *Inspired&lt;3*
I want my DSL connection back 
I want my ears gauged. 
I want my e-mail with my tracking info for my new iphone 
I want my exams to be over and done with already 
i want my favorite bands here!!! i'm kinda waiting since 2006 for bands like FOB, The All-American Rejects, Cobra Starship and Hey Monday 
i want my fierce bracelet on my wrist RIGHT NOW. 
i want my flippin picture to show..  now i know how @EmilyyBrowningg was feeling. GAY grrr lol
I WANT MY FOOD 
i want my food allergy to go away.  i'm so sad.  
is find things difficult 
is finding it hard getting into the world of twitter 
is finding it hard to update his facebook status and then remember to update twitter! and i hate when they are the same 
is finding the problem with editing a left mag is that people keep dying off and there's not enough space for obituaries 
is finished college...........................................i dont wana go to the real world!!!!!  
is finished reading old texts, and the train hasn't moved for fifteen mins 
is finishing off english media work. eugh. we never get any homework about writing articles + stuff 
is finishing up homework, then cleaning cages... not excited about cleaning Princess' cage for the last time 
is fixing a production issue. 
is flying home today.... 
Is FML FML FML!!! I officially feel so fuckin shitty 
is following Coldplay...who is apparently in Austin right now. 
is forced to get out of bed now the battery has run out 
is forced to watch Jon and Kate + 8  
Is freakin out about the plane crash--- so scary 
is freaking out about getting braces 2morrow.. i feel like im going to automatically change back to being 14 years old 
is freaking tired.feels like im losing my legs 
I want my friends baaacck 
i want my friends back in town 
I want my fucking earring  sleeping
i want my grandma back  it's not the same without her anymore 
i want my hair to be this brown again!!!!!  i miss it: http://i43.tinypic.com/2ag67vo.jpg
I want my hair to grow back to the way it was in this picture... 
i want my iphone 
I want my iphone back so I can upgrade 2 3.0 
i want my iphone!  stupid insurance people should've sent it back already!
i want my ipod. but i don't want to take it and lose all my songs again. 
I want my laptop back! 
I want my laptop back!!! I hope I don't loose all my files! 
I want my laptop fixed  Or at least some other laptop I can play The Sims 3 on.
i want my lip pierced but my mom would kill me if i did it 
i want my long hair back 
i want my lvatt cd but my mom wont be home till late 
i want my mana potion...cant stay awake 
I want my Mini 10v now....waiting takes too long. 
I want my mini pack of cough drops, not the jumbo size 
I want my money back.  This LA weather has been terrible these past couple of weeks.  I feel like I am back in Ohio with all these clouds 
i want my money from kevo to hurry up 
i want my mummy 
i want my neighborhood to be like on that 70's show. some cute girl needs to move in next door, and I'll be Eric. Wheres my Donna? 
I want my new iPhone update now  #iPhone
I want my new telly now 
i want my nose pierced.. but my mum wont let me get it done  lmfao fail
I want my old accent back 
I WANT MY OWN BED NOW OKAY. 
I want my own Cocoa Bar like the one in Brooklyn NY. 
I WANT MY PACK OF MARSHMALLOW AND MY STARBUCKS!! 
I want my phone back ! Using this one is like cheating on my other one.  
i want my phoneee back  gaaah.
i want my pic 
I want my picture green. How do you make it green? I am so fail. 
I want my pictures back! No memories 
I want my pj's! And my plaid shirt! 
i want my pup 
I want my real keys back 
I want my sims 3 now 
I want my Star Trek to comeee 
I want my studio back 
I WANT MY SUNGLASSES BACK !!!  I NEED THEM!
i want my teddy  corr find himm
I want my ticket for Steve Smith  Couriers take too damn long 
I want my tonsils back 
I want my truck back 
i want my twitter back 
i want my ulcer to heal,too 
I want my vacation now damn it. But this current project is a killer. Worst case I might only make it for con week and nothing else. 
I want my vacuum cleaner to work 
is freezing @ 25deg C air-con office (still!)  
Is freezing my Butt off!! - Maths Homeworkk to do. 
Is freezing to death 
is Friday morning in starbucks for fruit toast ... only one in the creative side of the office and my radio has been taken off my desk 
is frozen  Stoopid brittland weather ¬.¬
is frozen...I think I'm getting sick  I need hot liquids and blankets STAT..I can't get sick..CAN'T!!!!
is frustrated about the daily rain showers 
is frustrated and feeling guilty... Jax turned one today, got him a present but Lily broke it...  Now what?
is frustrated and feeling helpless.  O-chem time. 
Is frustrated because she none of her other friends have joined twitter 
is frustrated because the BIBD atms aren't working. Faak 
is frustrated that the radio went off the air and I'm missing the last hour of Bob and Sheri 
is frustrated that Twitterberry will not load my friend timeline. Even removing and redownloading didn't work 
is frustrated with fake replies to the missed connection I had 
is frustrated.... i need my phone! oh fathers day... i hate this day. i miss you daddy... 
Is fucked to go back to IC 
is fucking bored and wishes he had something to do. 
is fucking up. big time  get on the ball diane, get on the ball
Is full and starting to get hot. I hate the heat.... 
is full of a bloomin cold  xx
is full of a cold n not very happy 
is full of cake - this essay isn't doing itself 
is furnitureless and never does ANYTHING! 
is gadgetless  
is geeting ready for stupid school ... and its RAINING OUUT . 
is gettin rather vexed at her self arghhh y cant i find a job  any1 wana give me 1?
is gettin ready 4 skool!!!!!!!!!!! i really dont wanna go!!!!!! skool need 2 b ovr already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is gettin ready for her child development test 
i want my visa 
i want my voice back! i feel like the little mermaid 
I want my yorkshire back 
I want my ZEN back.  http://tumblr.com/xmo22mbpm
i want NetApp to win, although it'll be hard to beat an all cash offer: http://twitzap.com/u/IyY greedy EMC already owns VMWare 
I want new speakers for the car!!!!!! Boo failure. 
I want niley sooo badly  probably more than anyone! :/
I want nokia comes with music in my country 
I want oatmeal and V8. 
I want Oreo cheesecake 
I want Patrick to come home!!!!!! I feel crappy and I'm soooooooo bored!!!!! 
I want people to leave so i can go to sleep! 
i want PF CHANGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DAng I do not feel like cleaning up!!!! 
i want pho. 
i want pinkberry but they don't have it here 
i want pizza  off anyway, have a nice day y'all..
i want pluey boots 
I want Reese to be an &quot;Ate&quot; 
i want reeses pieces! 
I want sam querrey 
i want sherry back at school. don't go to backwell!! 
i want short stack to come to england already 
I want shutter shaaaaaaaaades! 
i want sims 3 but i prolly won't get it till christmas  oh well.
i want SIMS 3 for my MacBook 
I want Sims 3 soooo bad!! I ordered it but my stupid card was denied  lo l
I want SIMS 3!!          
I want sims 3, but its pointless as it won't work on my outdated might-as-well-be-a Commodore 64 computer 
I WANT SIMS 3...-.-  yahooow my birthday gets sooner evryday!!! ive been watching camp rock 3 times 2day
I want Sims 3...I want to play... 
I want sleep!!! NOW!! 
I want sleep, but I can't  I don't know why 
i want smoothie king but i dont wanna go back out 
I want SO badly to take offense to the ending of this video, but, I really can't.  - http://bit.ly/PQbgB
I want so much that they once again seems that the time is not only missing 26 days seems an eternity 
I want solo Ave Maria music. Can I find it? Nope 
I WANT SOME ALCOHOL BUT THE SHOPS ARE SHUT. I do not like licensing laws. tries not to think about fruit cider... 
I WANT SOME BBYCKS CLOTHING. 
I want some boy time tonight!!! But no boys until tomorrow night 
i want some CHECKERS! but we already passed it 
I want some cookies, my coffee isn't the same... 
I want some cookies. 
is gettin' ready to go out to club. for one last time.  http://plurk.com/p/yuyy9
is gettin ready to head home...kind of bummed about the weekend!! 
is gettin readyy for work 
is gettin so frustrated ..designing tattoos but am so blocked,cant get whats in my head onto paper! hasnt happened in ages  grrr xxx
is gettin the nails and hair did! and needs a freaking job 
is getting a bit tired of this shit and thinking it might be time to move on... ahhh 6 years is a long time to waste 
Is getting a headache 
is getting a massage and sleeping til Sunday! I'm that tired 
is getting a new phone! Sorry if you have tried to text me and I havent texted back, my phone is very sick 
is getting a pay rise but might be moving to a different team 
is getting angry cause every 5 mintues my internet decides to stop working and i have to restart it....and my back hurts 
is getting another headache...   
is getting back to studying now , sad times iam actually stressed for tomorrow 
is getting bored with working from home all the time 
is getting bored!! no electicity! Thru with the books!! what do i do now  #Battleground
Is getting comfy for the British Formula 1 Grand Prix. Last time at Silverstone. 
is getting depressed by the day at her work.. i need a change 
Is getting excited about Hilton Head this weekend but praying that the weather is decent... it's calling for rain rain rain!!! 
is getting family sick and wants to go see her family in india 
is getting fat again  must start exercising...
is getting her hair dieddddddd. i miss my baby 
is getting her oil changed and her car inspected... both are way over due haha  but no time like the present right?? going to see the pare
is getting hungry tagging all these sushi photos 
is getting impatient for tomorrow to come 
is getting Landon and myself ready... ErRaNdS, Lunch, Nap time... then work tonight for this mommy  I just love my little man!
is getting mad that i cant get my picture to upload 
I want some followers....    !!!!!!
i want some ice cream soooooooooooo bad 
I want some ice cream!!!  I'm flexin on my ex if u know what I mean!!!
I want some ice cream. but i dont have any which sucks 
I want some IHOP... Badly. 
i want some interesting peoples msn  some people really suck..
I want some jello 
I want some lunch. I probably should have had breakfast this morning 
i want some mango or vanilla ice cream 
i want some more followers! 
I want some new songs. 
I want some of that free Walmart ice cream today but no Walmart anywhere close   The one negative of living in the middle of the city
I want some orange juice!  Really bad! But where can I get some at 3 AM? 
i want some penny loafers sooo bad!But idk where to find some 
I want some pineapple! I miss my baby 
I want some pollo loco 
I want some trix cereal...ughhh but my sisters finished the box 
I want some vegan doughnuts - no cooking or baking til I move 
I want some waffles 
i want some warm chocolate chip cookies...  gotta tell mi madre.
I want somen noodles 
i want someone to call and sing to when they are sad 
I want someone to come over so i can take pictures but no one can 
i want someone to come overrrrrrr 
i want someone to make me a grilled cheese  i really needa move
I want someone to talk to 
I want something new. 
I WANT SOMETHING SO BADLYYY. IT'S SOMETHING YOU WANT TO.  @iyaparas
I want something to drink but I don't know what 
i want sonic  to bad new England doesn't have any.
i want soursally pleaseeeeeeeeeeee 
I want spicy noodles 
i want starbucks 
I want starbucks in Italy...frappuccino i miss ya   omg! today i miss everyone and everything!
I want subwayyyyyyy 
I want sum company.  
I want sum guacamole and chips for breakfast...so sad 
I Want Sum Ice Cream but I'm BROKE!!  Would it B Wrong to Flirt With the Ice Cream Man to Get a Freeby??!!! LMAO
i want sum1 2 talk 2 me 
is getting mcdonalds and park with mom &amp; sister, then bk from 2 - 8.. yucky   bbL
is getting me down a little 
is getting nervous about turning 27 next month! 
is getting nowhere with NFSU on his phone. 
is getting nowhere with NFSU on his phone.  http://plurk.com/p/13sdcj
is getting over a little cold i guess u can call it...((miss watchin the NBA finials  ))
is getting quite upset about the fact she's growing out of disney channel  .. though i still adore debby ryan ;D
is getting ready 4 skool tomorrow 
is getting ready for church....Happy Sabbath!!.............(waants to go to SIX FLAGS today!!!  )
Is getting ready for Jasmine graduation.... Not so fun when sick 
is getting ready for school  is sad that the weekend is ovr
Is getting ready for school and is tired and wants to jump back is bed 
is getting ready for school in a sec ... 
is getting ready for summer school . so bored. want to go see my sisters keeper but i think it is too sad for me 
is getting ready for the last day of orientation! 
is getting ready for work 
Is getting ready for work... Puts the   in his back pocket...
I want summer to be fun 
i want summer to come back its too cold 
I want summer! Why is it so cold in Germany? 
i want sun 
I want sunnn 
i want sushii 
I want Sweeney Todd.  Give me Sweeney Todd. 
i want Sykes back, really bad 
I want tasteas  maybe that'll make me happier &quot;/
I want TH: Ride now 
i want that ATL preorder from GK. buttt im poor. 
I want that black kitten at the humane society... I haven't been able to stop thinking about it. 
i want that camera 
I want that encyclopedia.  Bet you anything it costs +$50. 
I want that Louboutin  saw two girl wear and buy that already :/ haha http://myloc.me/4q0V
i want that pair of flats. from UO. 
I want that rains 
I want that Zune HD. I don't think they will sell in the UK though  Lots of saving up and importing will be happening sometime
i want the ~lividthorn~ pick&amp;mix teeee 
I want the balloons from UP so I can get away from here!  
i want the cd Right Now! 
i want the day to be over already, mentally and phisically ill 
i want the fred shirt!!!! 
i want the hair in my picture 
I want the LG Reveal or the Motorola Hint, but neither are at Solo Mobile.  I want the HTC Dream or iPhone too, but no GSM for Bell yet!
i want the new #iphone 
I want the new album of the Jonas!!!!! why the life is so hard???? 
I want the new iPhone 3G!!! too bad, it's completely sold out. Everyone is tweet bragging about how awesome their new iPhones are. 
i want the new iphone sooooo bad. 
i want the new ipod 3.0 update &amp; i can't get it yet. 
I want the new Jbreak already. I miss my old OS 
i want the new sims! but my computer cant handle 
I want the next iPhone to have a keyboard. 
i want the nissan cube. 
I want the old Who Wants to be a Millionaire back.  With less personal stories.. &gt;_&gt;
i want the place at margate 
I want the signature golden retriever so bad!! 
I want the sims 3 
i want the Sims 3 , oh my lord  indonesia? when? give me the answer
I want the sims 3 but won't install on my computer. 
i want the sims 3!!! 
i want the sims 3!!!!  why did i pick a new phone? though i love that too! grr wish i could have a job! 
I want The Sims 3.  Anyone kind enough to give me one?  haha
I want the sims3 
i want the sims3..stupid laptop 
i want the song - show me love  but can't find it nowhere.
i want the vuitton mon monogram speedy 40 in silver and purple....but refuse to pay +1,000 on a canvas bag.  damn you vuitton.
Is getting ready go work 
is getting ready to eat dinner!im so incredibly bored without my 2 yr old being home! 
is getting ready to go do my english exam 
is getting ready to go to a wedding but it's not her wedding!  
is getting ready to go to Bethel 54's last meeting ever. 
is getting ready to go to work till 10 ton 
is getting ready to go to work!!!!!!! 
is getting ready to go to work... gah   Busy day!
Is getting ready to leave for school  man its the last few days, but its going to be long week...
is getting ready to take a nap. I thought the sun was going to come out today 
Is getting really annoyed by accidently clicking the star to add a tweet to my favourites!! 
is getting really stressed 
is getting really three..... but she can't go to bed 
is getting sick  could possibly be swine flu lol but i doubt it
is getting sick I think..... 
is getting sick of issues happening to other peoples stuff ups!! Then I have to fix them. But thats the life I lead... 
is getting sick? but it's hot like summer out. this sucks arse royally 
Is getting sleepy  which is not good at all  i have a long ass time before i can go to sleep ily &lt;('-')&gt;
is getting slightly annoyed with the 3am hayfever symptoms now 
is getting teary-eyed watchin Marjorie being eliminated on ANTM 
Is getting very excited about seeing Morbid Angel tonight but i am also nervous about my exam tomorrow morning!!!  agghhhrrrr!!
Is getting very sad!!!! 
is getttin pissy cause im so damn tireed buh cant sleep cause im frikin illl! 
is gettung ready for another 2 hours of Muay Thai pain. My shins still hurt from last time. 
is giving him ONE more chance... He betta not eff up thos time.... On another note: Another night of studying... what a drag 
is giving into her fatness and eating more..... darnit 
Is giving up on looking for her retainer... 
is glad her running partner was impressed with todays performance - even if he is in Mumbia  
Is glad I got antibiotics but still feel a bit rough 
is glad in my heart this is the last hottie day, it is giving me excema 
is glad its finally Friday but not looking forward to being on-call this weekend 
is glad it's Friday!  Trying to finish 2.5 pages of my 12 page flyer today... Friday = not wanting to work 
is glad it's Friday, but not looking forward to working short handed again  
Is glad its not raining, but it is cold 
is glad she only has to get her kids up 6 more times before summer vacation!  Time to get ready for work 
I want the weather to stop being cloudy and almost rainy... Either rain or be sunny. 
I want the weekend to be over 
i want the whole season of the big bang theory. 
i want them to say OKAY!! 
I want this bob out right now...... Oh boy!!!!!!! I gotta find another hair style....... 
I want this clutch so bad.. it's so on sale.. http://www.etsy.com/shop.php?user_id=97521 but i dont need it 
I want this crazy rain and shit to hit here. Any regular day in H-town. 
I want this day to end! its been so damn long and not so good 
I want this Hellboy plushie so bad  http://tr.im/owou
I want this keyboard in Spanish too  I guess you can't have it all
i want this stormmm.. but noooo it has to go right past Hanslope 
I WANT THIS TO WORK ON MY PHONE! 
i want this! http://bit.ly/QaepN  too bad my size is sold out... 
I want those shorts from PacSun.  
I want those Super Junior t-shirts from DVDHeaven 
I want those two inches of my hair back. I feel naked without them. 
I want to 
i want to accept this loss but its just not in me right now.  there still has to be a chance
I want to adopt a dog from CAA. Problem is my yard isn't really big enough to handle a Labrador/Mastiff X. Even though he's beautiful 
I want to apologize to those who have recently followed me for not following back. I'm locked by the 2000 follow limit. Sorry 
i want to ask him to Grad but i said yes to someone else. dammmmmmn,  what do i do now?
i want to 'balik kg'. But this morning i got headache..so sad I cant go 'balik kg'. I even take a week leave already. 
I want to be @mileycyrus !  HAHA
I want to be a hippie but I forgot how to love 
I want to be a photographer on a journalism team at TwiCon, but I don't have a good enough camera. 
I want to be able to ride a fixed gear so bad. I don't think I have the skills though 
I want to be asleep by 3!  Why does that seem so unlikely?   DONT GIVE UP!
I want to be asleep so bad..but I can't..hate this feeling!!! I probably shouldn't be on my phone tho 
I want to be at Fetish Prom tonight...I'm stuck sick at home 
i want to be at the atl 18+ show  screw hobart and my age
i want to be at the parade today for the pens but NO!! i can't 
i want to be back in bed. it was so comfy and I'm tired. 
I want to be back in New York City! 
I want to be beta tester  and bam claire clarke winners prizes lol!!! you keep forgetting
is glad she spent lots of time with  barn owl. she is very special and i dont get to see her much. but missed playgroup 
Is glad the hubby's procedure went ok but feel sorry as he's a little sore now and has to stay in hos til 4pm 
is glad the net connection at home is back. unfortunately, wifi's gone...  http://plurk.com/p/rm6vj
is glad to be back home from glam camp. I'm pathetic about sleeping outdoors alone. 
is glad to know she's not as awesome as all this Microsoft Conference hooplah.  FML.
is glad today is my Friday.  Having tomorrow off is great if the weather wasn't going to be so bad.  Now I need to change my plans 
is goin 2 work    even though it is the weekend
is goin 2 work soon AGAIN!!!  cant wait untill 13th july..''Michael Jackson LONDON,HERE I COME!!!!  xXx
is goin into her last week of gym 
is goin to bed nooow. night everyoneee. &lt;3 last day of freedom tomorrow  sooo depressed about that.
is goin to some stupid festival in Craig 
I want to be drunk too  Boo.
i want to be happy its friday, but I'm on-call. i'll be working randomly all weekend. 
I want to be home in my bed!!!!! Won't be home till like 1:30 
I want to be home more than anything.  
I want to be in my beddddd 
I want to be in nyc  I miss my city &lt;/3
I want to be in the beach with the sun and the sea 
I want to be in the concert of Jonas  i can´t wait for JULY 31!!!!
I want to be like Horatio Caine 
I want to be out in the sun, my widget says the weekends gonna be ruubbish 
I want to be out on the lake right now. Sitting on the trampoline laughing at people getting shoved off. I miss camp 
i want to be rich 
I want to be sitting in Hollys lounge room too. 
i want to be sleeping like my moddy is.. but the spider on the wall won't let me!! 
i want to be somewhere i can see the roads.  http://plurk.com/p/12bq8e
I want to be spoon that's it! 
I want to be stalked... 
I want to be surprised for the jonas brothers new cd! Why do people have to be talking about it!! Ooh fly with me, whatdididotourheart... 
I want to be tan... 
I want to be thirteen again 
I want to be watching the Tonys but I have music I have to rehearse.  I guess i'll watch 'em tomorrow. Just praying Norman wins something.
I want to be with my babyyy. 
I want to become a wedding crasher ..... but im too much of a gina 
i want to believe in you, but its getting harder and harder 
I want to beomce an actress, more than you know. I just don't know where to start...  This stinks, mann..
I want to blame last night's pukage on the Egg McMuffin, but likely just my low AZN tolerance. Sullied K &amp; J's cactus garden forever. 
i want to break free on the lady luck ep, makes me sad, b/c ian played it so good. 
i want to broadcast on justin tv! but i dunno! i'm not so happy today! 
I want to buy a copy of Aya Kito's diary.. 
I WANT TO BUY LINES, VINES AND TRYING TIMES NOW! I HAVE A CHEM. FINAL TOMORROW MORNING!!! I DON'T WANNA STAY UP! 
I want to c the hangover but it's Rated R 
i want to change my background image but it doesnt work 
I want to change my nose ring but everytime I try to, it doesn't want to work. 
I want to change my twitter name but I can't think of anything 
I want to change what Nick says; &quot; Why He has to make it so hard?!&quot; 
i want to chat with someone  i'm so bored
I want to chew that gum so bad  Lol.
Is going at work... No siestas bien grache 
is going back 
is going back to Brisbane tonight. Leave Adelaide at 8:30pm not looking forward to it, I'll miss Dad. 
is going back to his regular routines... vacation mode is over. 
is going back to Liverpool today  was gettin too comfy in my Burnley Bubble!!!
is going back to manila tomorrow!  hello again real world [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xg8ut
is going back to office to work for the donkey! 
Is going back to work monday... why!??? WHY!!!!!?? WHHHHHHHYYYYY!!!!!!!???? 
is going bowling with the friends! (: Heathers last night 
is going cross eyed from the small print 
Is going for a gym punishment 
is going for a jab tomorrow. WAH!!!1 
is going for math + science + chinese tuition in an hour. 
is going home  lol
Is going home in an hour and half  !
Is going home late today after tiring loooooong day of work..... 
is going home now. It's bloody stuffy here. 
is going home now... i just want to go home straight now... 
is going home today 
is going home today  really dont want to.i love york!!but hey gotta earn a living..when to suprise my boyfriend with a hangover??hmmm
I want to code something!!! 
I want to color my hair black again then go to the beach to relax on the sand &amp; soke up the sun 
I want to color. But i don't have any good coloring books. 
I want to cry  just did a 12 mile road march with all my gear and a 60 pound ruck sack, I hate the ARMY
I want to cry and it hasnt even started yet  this violin shit theyre playing is so hearttouching
I want to cry at the thought of the NBA season being almost over  NEXT YEAR MIAMI!!!!!!!!!!!!
i want to cry like hell 
I want to cry,our AC in the house is broke  
I want to cry. What a sad episode of lost  night to everyone
I want to dance I can barely move that's probably not a good idea. 
i want to devour an entire box of those little chocolate covered donuts, but i will be good 
I want to die  dont feel well at all.
I want to die , I'm so depressed right now 
I WANT TO DO FOLLOW FRIDAY! 
I want to do some running or something outside. But nobody is available. 
I want to do something but there's nothing to do! 
i want to do something later, than be indoors, but i have no place to go, 
I want to do something when I finish work but there's no one to play with 
I want to do something!  
i want to do something. 
I want to download new music, but every hard drive I own is full 
i want to draw better so i can have my own dream exhibit someday. 
I WANT TO DRIVE 
I want to drop my head onto my desk and sleep, but I have to study for my maths exam... I'm not happy at the moment 
i want to dye ma hair  brown but i am so pale and then i need more make up and this is not good for my skin..  but i want have brown hair
i want to dye my hair, but then knowing me it'll go wrong and my hair won't go back to the way it is 
I want to eat cookies but I already brushed my teeth.  
i want to eat dinner, but not by myself. 
I want to eat langsat corner's noodle 
i want to eat my burrito, but i left it at home 
i want to eat some ice cream  but i don't have
I want to eat something but going down two flights of stairs and coming back up then doesn't sound so great to me 
I want to fall inlove like that 
I want to feel better. 
I want to find some friends here...but i can't. Because they are not here 
i want to finish eclipse today but i have homework at work at 4 
I want to fly somewhere far, far away. Wanderlust 
I want to follow people 
i want to foster kittens but my mom is saying no 
i want to freaking know my section now. 
Is going home. Sick kids. Taking Addison the dr at 11. 
is going home..and it's raining! 
is going into my fantasy world for a few hours. I wish i can stay there forever  its much nicer then realty
is going nighty night, wants to cuddle 
is going o miss everyone next year when I'm at Hills Road and you are all at Ryston! 
Is going on 3 hours of sleep. Im sad to be going home 
Is going out for a run finally!! Sorry John for not going to the airport 
Is going out to the bars because someone stood her up for the 3rd time in one week, must be a record. . .  and drinking beats crying!
Is going out. My head still kinda hurts 
is going out...I so don't want to! Waaay to hot  *Sigh*
is going shopping today, todays left til miserable school 
is going Sleeper this week. Not by choice; no FT spots in this Precinct (all held by Agents who don't know/uphold culture). Going to BBYM 
Is going through LOST withdrawals already 
is going through my stuff and getting rid of stuff i dont want at college. 
is going through some SEVERE WITHDRAWAL of her sisters and friends 
is going through the worst thing thing ever right now 
Is going through tissues too fast. 
is going to #vote and then drive up to #Bonn ... and my throat hurts 
is going to a banquet tonight........dress up time...  im sooo tired...
Is going to attempt to be a patient at the community health, something doesnt feel right in my head and I should get checked out 
is going to australia! meow. someday tehran, hopefully 
is going to avoid her rattly house for the weekend 
is going to be &quot;fried&quot; 
is going to be all alone  haha
is going to be away from his buddy, Josiah, and wife, Jenny. I will miss them. 
is going to be lonely..... considering my parentsare having a party and invited 100+ people who are over 21 !!! yay 
is going to be studying all day for her spanish final 
is going to be up all night working on my book report!!!! 
Is going to be very sad if i has no internets after i move 
is going to be working alllllll weekend 
is going to bed early tonight...and wishing @adamgrahek was here with me   (ughhh i am SO &quot;that girl&quot;!!)
is going to bed for an early start tomorrow ... sure wish i could been at the grand ole opry 
Is going to bed now and taking his scraped arms with him! Maybe tomo I will have a message in my twitter inbox, not had 1 yet 
is going to bed now, even though she's wide awake... Never can sleep the night before we go back to school 
is Going to bed now.. Mukhang di na darating ang text na inaantay ko  http://plurk.com/p/xeqsi
is going to bed now... hurt muh foot again, same one OF COURSE  taking some ibproufen. Its hurting so bad I am resorting to modern meds.
is going to bed soon work tomorrow 
is going to bed soooon ! long long night 
Is going to bed to bask in her lovely dreams.  p.s I'm sorry babycakes 
is going to bed to get up in less than 6 hours to finish packing to leave Bath later that day  that sucks
is going to bed to try to get rid if this migraine headache 
is going to bed with a terrible headache 
is going to bed without happiness ... not excited for the morning ... but her JB cd came in the mail today, what a terrible silver lining 
is going to bed.  Gotta be up early tomorrow.  Gonna be out until 8:30 PM 
is going to bed. I feel super bad  night cuties.
Is going to bed. I'll feel this late night at 6am.   oh well.  2 more sleeps until convention!
is going to bed. last day of college tomorrow  booooo!
is going to bed... i miss the girl 
is going to bed...gotta love these stupid Friday nights at home  Laundry and getting car lights and locks fixed tomorrow then relax time!!
is going to bed...itt's too cold!! brrrr 
is going to bedd, longggg day tomorrow 
is going to check out the 4/20 day soon, no smoking for me though 
Is going to chill at home tonight &amp; sleep early for work tmrw 7-3pm..doesn't like the fact it's going to rain tmrw 
Is going to choir practice, after a long day already. Miss you so much Tita 
is going to church..  last mass here.  http://plurk.com/p/yyh2y
is going to classes all day. -- r.i.p. shika &amp;&amp; brooke. can't believe it's already been 2 years. 
is going to cut down on bubble tea 
is going to do a spot of shopping this lunchtime - then will have tomato soup for lunch - oh the joys of drastic dieting! 
Is going to do everything possible not to skip lunch today again!  
is going to do her french homework 
is going to do homework 
is going to fail her english exam? great 
is going to fail his exams 
is going to flunk my math paper tmr  
is going to get a root canal  i am terrified of dentist offices. Damn tooth.
is going to get my AC unit out of storage. My apt feels like an EZ Bake oven. I had actually been enjoying the chilly weather. 
is going to get ready and is hungry  dinneeerrrrr x
is going to get ready and watch Oprah!!!  I hate not working this is getting on my nerves Big Time! 
is going to get ready for bed. Had an alright day although I missed the gay pride parade  Work in the morning. I love you.
is going to get some sleep, long day tomorrow, going to miss the PGA crew 
is going to go buy chocolate because she's so damn depressed about the fridge. I don't want to cancel housewarming party 
is going to go see Mamaw later...then I have to run tonight  
is going to go to LemonJello's on June 6th. I can't freakin' wait. Then, i'm going to the beach all day June 7th! Then leaving June 8th 
is going to hang out with before he leaves for Oklahoma tonight. 
is going to have plenty of things to be written, unfortunately it's a report, not a creative one 
is going to have wet dreams about @carousella, because that seems to be his only way to see her these days  (and I need to blow a load)
is going to head off to bed now...revision tomorrow.yippeeeee. I want to go on a picnic,damnit 
is going to help bethan get ready for prom tomorrow. awwww wish i could have another one 
is going to her cousins tommorow wont be back till late i almost forgot about twitter,im a terrible person  for that anyway
is going to her last day with her first grade class.  so sad.
Is going to high wycombe today to see Colour live for quite possibly the very last time  http://myloc.me/4PJr
is going to Ikea to spend up big and take advantage of the last go at Kids Club 
is going to italy btw hamoodi khayyat when u coming bc !!  miss you guyzz tell every 1 i send hugs and kisses
is going to lunch then forensics! i feel a headache coming on 
is going to make it to Pride today, but will be rather early in leaving.  In other news, is a horrible friend. But has a new haircut!
is going to miss @ohindiegirl this weekend 
is going to miss all the good music at the Pesta Malam Indonesia 
is going to miss all the seniors! graduation was tooo sad 
is going to miss Britney Spears this time around. The concert is a week and a half before the wedding--and John is being too practical 
is going to miss everyone 
is going to miss Hanna 
Is going to miss her boy. 
is going to miss her family when they go back to the USA 
Is going to miss Liora Freeman 
is going to miss my dentist  who is retiring ......because I'm a dentist wimp? No..because he let me run a tab LOL
is going to miss my job! my last day was yesterday  but bigger opportunities await me so its time to go try summin diff!
Is going to miss rachael so much. 
is going to miss Rachel so much 
Is going to miss Reemer for a couple of months now the tour is over 
is going to miss tert. 
Is going to miss the apt  byee byee
is going to miss the fashion show tonight, and mayhaps the blockparty tomorrow hope i get better soooon 
Is going to miss watching some of the Tonys tonight 
is going to mom's to eat lunch and then movin' Dakota back to Memphis. 
is going to paint a garage tomorrow, then working the concessions. wonderful 
is going to play fable 2 right now, not going to be on xbl though, only have one adapter 
is going to p-town soon. minus a roast 
Is going to rain here... 
Is going to really miss her friend, he is getting re-deployed for his second tour in July 
is going to say goodbye to the car and get all the stuff out of it in a bit 
is going to school 2moro to revise 
is going to school tomorrow... 
is going to school wants to be famous realllllllly bad so i dont have to and i have a chance at a career 
is going to scrapbook for a long time... wanting to have that ipod touch by now   but the person won't respond.
is going to Second Cup with @Christopherr11 and Launa. I have to leave my little Lucas at home. 
is going to seriously miss beijing. boo  now she has to go back and be someones good girlfriend again. FML?
is going to shower and then get dressed, Hate working when its so nice outside! 
is going to shul 
Is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear him say Good Night but that didn't happen  Good Night everyone....
Is going to sleep now 
is going to sleep with a toothache 
is going to sleep, NOW and will take wendy to station at 8.10 a.m. 
is going to spend the day dropping 'cllr' from people in his phone book. How depressing 
is going to study 
Is going to sync his iPod, go for a walk, and pout 
is going to take a cat nap, then off to MAMBO... to fight the bad day today! I hate work to the core... really...  Somebody save me!
is going to t-ball. I'm starving. Then we I get home-no movies  So, i'll check my internet crap, iPod, txt, &amp; call it a 'nite.
is going to the dentist sooon 
is going to the dentist. 
is going to the doctor 
is going to the doctor still very sick 
Is going to the doctor..can't take the pain any longer 
is going to the doctors later 
is going to the hairdresser and hopes it will make her feel better..Nedds it after last night... 
is going to the mall. why do people always do that? ugh stop ruining plans i made. 
is going to the Maxillofacial surgeon today - sounds mean 
is going to this school by herself 
is going to try and sleep for a few more minutes....he throat is so sore...can barely swallow (or talk) w/o pain  crap! probably no gig...
is going to try and sleep i have an upset tummy 
is going to try another messenger client. Emesene. Heard of that? I haven't.  http://plurk.com/p/120wg0
is going to try double booting Vista and Server 2003. That should be tons of fun.. erm.. I mean headaches... 
is going to try to be a nice meanie tonight  sighhhhh
Is going to try to sleep it off 
is going to VCF with @enitsirhcenuj **ONLY**  http://plurk.com/p/1248fg
is going to watch brothers and sisters all night!..whilst being sad becuase im not at girls aloud 
is going to watch dexter without marquita... 
is going to watch Marley and Me with Diesel 
is going to watch the brewer game, eat soup, play sims and sit in a vaporizer filled room. stupid cold. this sucks. 
is going to wear his glasses again. 
is going to work  FML.
is going to work again  !!! xxx
Is going to work in an hour  LOL
is going to work midnight shift despite having food poisoning  - http://tweet.sg
is going to work now... damn this new schedule of mine sucks 
is going to work on her book report 
Is going to work soon, Huzzah ................................................ 
is going to work! 
is going to work. I dont feel very well today. 
is going to work... 
Is going to work...for a meeting...and would rather stay home in bed w/my bf.  financial freedom is around the corner!!!
is Gona exercise then revise then sleep that's my exciting day 
is gonna be all abandoned tomorrow at home 
is gonna be in trouble cause my phone died and the power went off so i didnt wake up in time for church 
Is gonna be kittenless tonight. 
Is gonna be really sad to leave his Spanish family 
is gonna dance her way thru genetics??...someone help 
is gonna do some study... 
Is gonna get his bike out and wait for Dan. Tim and max are not biking today 
Is gonna go eat some breakfast with the family.  Then going home later.  *Driver's Ed Tomorrow...*
is gonna go get his book out of the car since he can't go see steph 
is gonna go sit in the sunshine....work this afto!! 
is gonna go to bed, alone and wonders who he is going home with? 
is gonna go to the ATM. pissed liverpool lost against chelsea. 
is gonna hang out with Carissa today, girls night in, she needs it, poor thing 
is gonna have a very very tiring day tomorrow!!  travel by bus for 6 hours then job interview then back home bus ride 6-7 hours again 
is gonna have an awful day at work-sigh 
Is gonna miss a select few seniors 
is gonna miss maureen and caroline 
is gonna miss True Blood tonight 
is gonna miss watching the fight with her crazy family tonight.  but going to another show and possibly a party.  woohoo!
is gonna need a dog/cat babysitter for one night on Aug 2nd. 
IS GONNA QUIT LAVISH. I cannot afford to live like this.... 
Is gonna relax all day today before returning to work tomorrow! 
is gonna spend his last day as a 25 year old doing laundry bec he ran out of socks to wear... 
is gonna take a nap first.   http://plurk.com/p/roitr
is gonna wallow is self pity after another derby day defeat 
is google down? 
is got constant backache  and feel like shit   not long left now  xoxo
is greedy. 
is grieving she has severe lack of Jimmy Anderson now England have been knocked out of the 20/20 tournament 
is groggy. No more rain 
is gross from the gym  it's nice out, hopefully Kate and I find something free to do outside!
is grouchy. and wants bmar 
is growing a headache and just had a mini nosebleed. Time for a snack and bed, methinks... 
Is grrrr.. Double booked so have to wait an hour extra! 
is grumpy! Missing hubby and a.m. snuggles! Wants curtains hung, tired of sun in room at 6:15! And still have 3 days left 
is guessing that shes awake now... 
Is guna now go to work   Wish me luck!
is gutted about city goin down 
is gutted as I had the opportunity to go to Vegas for the Hatton fight this weekend but couldn't make it because of stupid eye infection 
is gutted he can't make it to Brit-brit on Sunday 
is gutted her friend is going back to dubai already 
is gutted he's not playing Football this weekend 
is gutted my poor dog got bit on the ear last nite - there was blood everywhere - stayed at the vets last nite and has stiches 
Is gutted she hasnt gone to Glastonbury 
is gutted that Fathers Day is on the longest/lightest day of the year! 
Is gutted that Josh's phone is broken and I can't contact him!!  Driving lesson soon!
is Gutted that Miley is touring on her bday but it's not in the UK 
Is gutted that the Royal mail project room doesn't have a broadband connection so no facebook for 2 weeks 
is gutted the power went out in Widnes and put a dampner on the wedding 
is gutted the show iss over 
Is gutter that everyone seem's to be going to see take that, but yet im sat at home 
is hah. bitches make me laugh. 
is hamsyong 1 day i feel useless !!!hha  http://plurk.com/p/13bnon
is hangin with molly on the rocks enjoyin some nice vibes. Except I did see some police brutality though  damn pigs!
is hanging around the house having nothing to do 
is hanging out at red white and boom having fun and finally drying off but it looks like it may rain again 
Is happier than I remember being in a long time...I have to wake up in three hours though 
Is happy 4 my lil sis! She growing up 2 fast y'all 
is happy and sad. someone save me cuz for the first time in my life music is NOT helping! now thats desperate!!  x
is happy exams are over ;) but how long is this blooin' English corsework takin!!! 
is happy home from work.  have to get up ealy for bloodwork tho 
Is Happy I Got Over My Cold..Swear I Was On My DEATH BED! lol  Gonna Miss My Bae When He Leaves For His Cruise...*tear* =[
is happy James got to tour the WB lot but bummed it didn't work out for him this time 
@jordanknight ooh baby!! I wish i could do something so you could feel better!! it kill me that you don't feel good!! 
@jordanknight ooh wait you can stay up and talk to us who cant go to sleep 
@jordanknight PLEASE RESCUE ME FROM NEW KIDS WITHDRAWAL!!!! 
@jordanknight sad we didnt win  say hello to me and shy please ;) :
@jordanknight sad. Give it to you skips on my cd now  have had it for 10 years so maybe i should get a new copy ha ha
@jordanknight show some effen respect. no way to gain followers. disrespectful. 
@jordanknight So...u said ur back will probably get better &quot;in a couple of days&quot;? Dude, Im srsly gettin worried  we need u a 100%, um now.
@jordanknight Sorry,  they were some remarks made that shouldnt have been. PLEASE COME BACK 
@jordanknight that link doesn't work for me! 
@jordanknight Thats hilarious!....though I have to agree that you in the coconut bikini and grass skirt isn't working for me... 
@jordanknight That's what he told us before he blocked us all  
@jordanknight the site is not working 
@jordanknight The weather wish I could be out there enjoying it but this thesis wont right its self  Twugs
@jordanknight Time to rally the Knight troops again, you're at #2   http://bit.ly/G8Er7
@jordanknight TINK  TINK
@jordanknight tink for me @10 am too! When do u leave for the tour? Another beautiful day here in MA but I have 2 work @ bugaboo tonight! 
@jordanknight TINK! Oh hell no ... Its WAY to early for this! 
@JordanKnight Tonight when you arrived @ Hard Rock you were only 5 feet away from me and I didn't get 2 hug u or take a pic w/u 
@jordanknight twitter has been DEAD since you guys left  welcome back!!!!!
@jordanknight u had lots of love in Australia to 
@jordanknight we don't have any Waffle Houses where I live 
@jordanknight well that leaves me out for runner up since your my fav. 
@jordanknight Well, I'm happy for Tatiana, but sad that it was not me   I just hope that you did read my e-mail.  Have fun!  lots of love
@jordanknight WHAT IS TINK? DO YOU JUST LIKE BEING ONE OF THE TOP TRENDING TOPICS????? FILL US IN ALREADY 
@jordanknight WHERE ARE YOU??!! Missing your tweets!!  Hope you are feeling better!!
@jordanknight where's everybody?? Cricket cricket  
@jordanknight Why didn't you sing &quot;Baby, I Believe in You?&quot; We were so looking forward to that song. 
@jordanknight you didn't finish sexify 
@jordanknight, @DonnieWahlberg, @JonathanRKnight, @joeymcintyre, &amp; @dannywood section 1 tickets &amp; my ride just bailed for tonight!! help! 
@jordanknight@KimKardashian is here in Fresno! ugh so wish I was there 
@jordanm11 haha, i dont have any exams this week, i only have three left till i go into 4th year 
@jordanmccoy I was up at 4:00  haha
@jordanmccuaig I've been keeping a bit of a low profile lately.. Have u been stalking San an? I'm jealous.. Missed u at kontact 
@jordanmesser  ok, i know ive tweeted you 4957830457times today, but i just got your note that you wrote me!!! i was sad i couldnt come 
@jordanmitcheld aww whys? we should chat later or something i miss u 
@JordanPitt think I missed half the ep cuz streaming p'd me off sometimes. I never liked D's girl. Loved D's character though. &amp; Wallace 
@JordanPitt yday had more pics. Clearing out my old room 
@JordanRavage  Oh my God! Why is it over? 
@JordanReid jealous!  I read earlier that it is really great.
@jordanriane im so sorry   I wish I could do something for you. id make you laugh, but that might not b good w shallow breathing.
@jordanriane You are in the hospital? 
@jordanroth &quot;trending topics&quot; especially hot ones draw a lot of attention from spammers 
@jordans1grl Wish we had a fan meet down here in LA...maybe there is one and I just don't know.  Have fun!!
@jordansadler you here? We could have done lunch and rough trade! 
@JordansGWife Yeah I know  Wanna do it all again.  AGAIN AGAIN!!
@jordansmith Gross man! 
@JordansMyFix Damn... I wish you could go...   Now we have to try find some riff raff fan to sit next us... 
@jordanspires i caaaant  its all hot and the sun is coming in my window and my hair is messy and im hungry but not sure lol
@JordanSykes Nope, not yet. Friday is the last one. 
@jordenc ooo thats not good :s saying that, i havent given at all this year. they always put it on fridays 
@jordieeee28 I miss you 
@jordinsilver I love when the busy signal tone goes along with the beat of the song on the radio! /sarcasm 
@jordinx3 wow, way to shove it in my face  of course you're burnt, I can just picture what you look like now lolol.
@JorDivision You never call me and leave me voicemails of you singing anymore. I miss it 
@jordnknightfan oh why did ya have 2 say that...lol..   now I feel even worst  
@jordnknightfan Right side of the screen, under &quot;Trending Topics&quot; lol, doesn't tell us what Tink means tho 
@JordonS Lol, do not sass me! Some of us were not born March 10th 
@Jordskkk robbie was just in the crowd 
@jordyhoutman yeah .. i know ... it was a spam. had to delete it. sry it went in the rss feed 
@jordynhill7 had 4 impacted teeth extracted last sat and my gums are bleeding and sore. so soft food is the way to go for me (for now). 
@JordynsMom idk. I just got off the phone wit them n they said they'll look at it. Guess I'll have 2 wait till monday 
@JoreanR next time. You're all ready ten steps ahead of me and i'm in my pjs 
@JoreanR unfortunately no 
@jorge_lingo argh! no, it was supposed to come today - but last check on status showed it was in jersey  maybe tomorrow...??
@Jorge924 i know this!  lol leaving back tomorrow morning  lol i wanna stay.  :::sigh:::  - $teph&lt;3
@Jorge924 yeah, i get lazy though  lazy me.  HaHa
@Jorgefcalvo that sucks 
@Jorgepolanco yea no good  its so bad over here. Smh grr
@jorgEsk I'm a poor soul. I live in the projects of Dallas. 
@jorgrami yes  really don't know why 
@jOrgyLiCiOuS  we were able to watch it.... but we wanna replay it..  my fam's in bohol right now!! i'm jealous 
@Joriii JEALOUS JEALOUS JEALOUS JEALOUS. you're going to that thing at the museum, aren't you?? 
@jorilallo the religious stuff in bsg was really a turn off 
@jorke: it's all about appearances sometimes  (should be using a Free player/server!)
@jorosep I have too much to do 2day. Me n Todd r goin away for the wkend so I won't b on here for 3 days!!!! UGH! Imagine what I miss 
@jorosep I really don't think @billy_burke will answer us. He never does 
@jorowleywt4 We have stocks of industrial strength aspirin for that very purpose 
@Jorravanny because i'm freaking lost in duarte   im crying right now. Theres creepy people..
@Jorravanny uhm duude i can't do the mt. sac sheeet! freakerrs! have fun meeting them boys without me  BWHAHA darn coulda had some fling!
@jorslu no, you can't, you're in school- that's too bad, I reeeally wanted to write the script  lol I restarted it
@JORust image sculpting still broken too 
@josallethegreat 
@JosaYoung Sorry to hear that 
@josceola Man By the time me &amp; @darealyoungwise was ready to bounce, it was no point.. It would have been over by the time we got there 
@Jose_Bear dam you!  you best get tiger practice in then my love ; )
@JOSE_FRESH no  still in bed. Listening to the rain and sneezing.
@jose_qt sorry jose. :/ in will always do so in the future. they think i may be able to leave tomorrow! i still can't walk though 
@josefinemcfly But not anymore ;) ohh. I cant go. but I must take a shower  buuu!
@josefnankivell lol fair enough, for some reason my rapget has mysteriously stopped working 
@JosefStylin jealous!!! I want one 
@joseke7 Haha! That doesn't sound fun at all. I can't imagine working with an empty stomach. 
@joseluis214 lmao I'm just reading the book for the first time 
@josenorato I wish I could go tonight 
@JoseOmar I'm ready to see all of you on stage! unforunately you will not come to my country  . c ya in Londonnnn!!!!
@Joseph0604 dont know hun but i bet it wasnt pleasant,hope jensen and jared do come back and dont think all spn fans think the same way 
@josephchristian haha after my nap! I got about 2 hours of sleep 
@josephcmcqueen I was being sarcastic.  I ain't got no air.  And yes I do wanna die 
@josephcolon seriously?  Zicam nasal spray is the best!  Of course it would ruin your nose 
@JosephDexter  i wish i coulda made the drive! tell y-o and thurz i said whattup. have fun
@JosephDexter Naw man  I've been slackin yo. HOWEVER Bilal will be out here in August...I'm super juiced! Come!
@josephdsummers.  As lame as Jackson always is.  I miss you too.  I've been all by myself for several days now. 
@JosephGerman Oh goodness, that songs annoys me! My friends love to jam to it, but it doesn't make sense at all! 
@JosephGerman Those videos break my heart 
@josephh_m emma brought bad news home from school... our qld camp got cancelled  im devo
@Josephine_Seven Where u going?  I don't get 2 see my dad or my husband for Dad's day  Maybe next week.  Have a great time!
@josephjedwards Quite close to Anticapitaliste in France as well. Not so many choices in UK 
@josephjyoung the blame is on me and will never be on you, that's what the blog's about. that entry was the product of my clouded chest. 
@JosephLane  This causes a lot of strife not inspiration for people. Look there is one of the over-privileged and shallow people bow down 
@josephnguyen scary  but I can't stop looking out my window
@JosephPMathews I'm a bad Episcopalian - boo  jk, but one of the reasons I like the 8am service is that we don't sing so many hymns. lol.
@josephVelasquez Lol thats what i thought...but our bowling alley is closed.  i sooo want to though!
@josespinal oh fuck. i had an ftp error and it got wiped out. gaaah. thanks. 
@josette_dlc Read your YM status. I miss Gon too  Especially when I saw yours and Jess' display pics!
@josgovaart  @jodykoehler Mine is worth just about enough to buy 2 movie tickets with popcorn  Twitter, make me rich!
@josh_6 DAMN what a bummer! Tell him to get twitter!  thanks for ruining my life josh.
@Josh_Friedman so sorry to hear about T:SCC, I really loved that show. 
@josh_silvernale boo that sucks 
@josh_sternberg @prdude Not I unfort.  prior fam commitment 
@josh1117 cool, cool ... Id prolly go if SA wasnt n my future(jaja) I wont hav money by then   Thnx for the info
@Josh1284 omg  I hope you feel better soon.
@josh909 aw so sorry to hear 
@josh909 he is (partly) responsible for my FAVOURITE track of all time, E-Dancer - Banjo [Funk D'Void remix] Never seen him play though 
@joshbarone I'm so confused. 
@joshbear agreed josh - I usually go for the cherry but they were out  - tonight was opening night by us...big woofs to ya
@joshbhughes not sure about that. you would not even drink with me last night 
@JoshBreslow its because I have no friends 
@joshbuckley how depressing? I couldn't eat breakfast in the garden this morning 
@joshbuckner ah ok.  I need to get my life together,just moved and don't have a laptop/desktop 
@joshbuckner I haven't been up that way in a very long time... was planning on going to SF end of this month but I lost my wallet 
@joshchandler Yes, they have great Wi-fi here!  Sorry yours doesn't have it.  
@joshclauss Yes on mercy rule, which they invoked at 24-4 while still in third inning. Team played great but felt bad for the other 
@JoshCowdery I know that feeling, I haven't slept in days 
@joshdivision I really really want to go to Okkervil River and I have no money  Have fun!
@joshdutcher You missed pool time today. 
@JoshEJosh a hamburger, rice, chicken, and macaroni salad. I had 2 plates of that.  And they just brought out lasagna. 
@JoshFittell Actually I'd probably just laugh at you, as I am doing right now. It's a shame you're in the land of oz 
@JoshFittell actually it's because you were spamming &quot;FOLLOW ME&quot; because obviously no one was  pathetic individual.
@JoshFittell i do what i can. want to hit up trending topics tonight? but not the #Iranelection one, its too sad. this guy told me about, 
@JoshFittell not quite tired enough, and it's so easy to update twitter on a Blackberry  hehe
@joshgard nah stuyding for finals  lol lame. i know. yay sbux
@joshgeeksix I feel your pain! And sadly the one place where I didn't feel totally ignored recently closed. 
@joshgeeksix Maybe have sci fi scoop it up? It's always the great shows that get canceled. 
@JoshGorfain I of course, would be there. Actually, I am already. 
@joshgracin  that is sooo sad...I think I may cry...wow!!! that is sooo nice of you to sing there!!
@joshgrigs its cold cause its early. and its raining cause it's jersey.  and mornings suck, like dunkin donuts...
@joshgrigs. , @nickjoycebadass , @tomkeiger. I miss you guys 
@joshgroban Damn Ohio weather! I'm trying to watch Chess; you sound great and I need the inspiration. The channel keeps going out 
@joshgroban not airing here 
@joshh347 I'm holding mine too and am pissed because it will not turn on or charge, even though it was working in the store... 
@joshhalliday so no Peston pics for me tonight  Does this mean I owe you a pint?
@JoshHandley fraid not 
@JoshHighland I miss you and I miss church at home 
@joshholat SHHHH I want mine now 
@JoshieSquashy29 http://twitpic.com/7mmxr - This is sooo stupid 
@joshkuhn I should have known not to order it thru at&amp;t, but I couldn't thru apple's site  I called and it's still on the order apparently
@joshlewis1972 ow god i hate it when they take blood :-/ i pass out every time..its too much  i dont no hw u do it !..hwever good u do!
@Joshmadden I'll get to work on it...hehehe How's NY at the moment, wish I was there its Winter here 
@joshmanore yeah,  oh well i guess.. maybe some day
@joshmichael09 haha cool yea im  hungry to and doing bio 
@JoshONeal They're on PS3 because everyone has PS2 joysticks. 
@joshparker1129    That would've been amazing.
@JoshPer 8.30 am  *Studying* for it now.....
@JoshPhillips same here only I was on a train 
@JoshPickham  she is still lost 
@JOSHPYKE What are you doing to me, Josh? That covers two guests at my wedding reception... 
@Joshrath Stop Being Mean. 
@joshrimer awe you're so lucky! I need a new iPhone, mine cracked  lol
@joshsabou into the seat 
@joshschleh Yes!!! Beware!!! Sorry I couldn't come out today.  Work.
@joshself the shutter speed was slow to compensate for the bad light, so i caught the slightest movement 
@JoshSemans yup!  you back in the north west by then? i hope its not crap weather! 
@joshsharp me either 
@JoshSkolnick That sound like an awful lot to deal with.  
@joshtastic1 Hiya Josh, very well thanks, enjoyed it through a window lol am working today  and everyone on the phone seems mardy and u?
@joshtastic1 I wanted James to go through  #theapprentice
@joshtastic1 i've got 3 more to go as well, to 50 !!! 
@joshtastic1 just added you on the PlayStation, still can't find your levels yet 
@joshtastic1 just normal work...mainly paperwork  poor u....not piggy flu i hope!
@joshtastic1 lmfao yeah well twitter is the best way to comunicate and meet new people fb just bores me with apps 
@joshtastic1 yeh but have to go to work at 12 
@joshtastic1 you must my sun that i had yesterday.  what you put on bbq?something good i hope.
@joshteran haha. sad.  so, how are you?   hows the neighborhood? i miss it over there 
@joshthomas87 aww, they look so sad! 
@joshthomas87 believe it or not im too young to be a generation  i think im a gen Z or something..strange..
@joshthomas87 put your credit card inbetween the door!! Unless the door completely goes against that method  good luck though.
@joshthomas87 Ummm I don't even like mango. I am so in the minority 
@joshtwutts I know. I'm doing fathers day stuff tonight tho 
@joshua_fox yeah i think i had sunstroke, but now i just have the worst sore throat ever  xxxxx
@joshua_goodman me too... well, a combination of FF and chrome. Unfortunately my job (and soon yours) means I have to use IE as well 
@Joshua_Salinas if you meet @mariahcarey I'm going to be very upset  bbm pics lol
@joshuabaer sorry to hear that.   She was a great dog.
@joshuabarbour Party time! Our Show tomorrow got cancelled 
@joshuadraws Hmm... poopy... yeah... the work printer only does legal / letter sizes... no 11x17  
@Joshuah_Pearson 
@Joshuah_Pearson I can never cuddle when I want 
@joshuahuffman - awww I miss singing &quot;alabaster box&quot; on day star 
@JoshuaLalonde I'm up.... but ure drinking redbull vodka bombs I gotta go to work   big diff Mr
@joshuamck iphone on optus would be ~$20 more/month than what I currently pay...its a hard sell 
@JoshuaMenendez unfortunately i cant watch 3D movies thanks to chronic migraines 
@JoshuaMLB I don't know because you haven't told me 
@joshuaradin heard &quot;i'd rather be with you&quot; live per telephone... can't be @ hurricane festival but my girlfriend is. It's your song ... 
@JoshuaRitmeijer you never watch kung-fu movies do you 
@joshuatopolsky Raining here in Ottawa, Canada also. 
@joshuavardigan no  disappointingly so. I should be at graceland right now though!
@Joshuavissepo had to work. 
@joshuawithers Dude, i'm fully pimping my iPhone, but it all goes away tomorrow... 
@joshutc: OH! U BURNED ME! U NEVER MAKE FUN OF ME.... SO THAT MEANS U DONT LOVE ME ! 
@joshutk I texted and called you ignored me 
@Joshwang I promise you then that my return will be accompanied by rainy skies for the UK - English weather truly despises me 
@jOshweird just got back from the beach!!! I would of called you put my phone had no more battery 
@joshwheatley ps. come back to work! 
@JoshWhite78 thats kinda sad that u need to ask.  lol happy early bday!
@joshycouture why is she so fucking beat!  http://mypict.me/4DYX
@Joshyxspicenz Yeah, he should have!!!  btw, can you put those pictures on http://photobucket.com ? can't check my myspace ATM
@josiahpotter what, its 9:52... 
@josianna  Yep.... still feeling rough!  and have so much to do! 
@josianna have you been talking to my ex 
@josianna yeah way too hot. im still awake too 
@josieinthecity She's a brriiiiickkk hhhoouuuuuusse....woooooo ♫ http://blip.fm/~7rui6 //Great song, but it won't play. . .unavailable. 
@josiejacobs can't see the hotness!  your link is broke 
@josiejacobs That's not very reassuring 
@josien they gave me a preview of what the impending summer holidays are going to be like. 
@josordoni What a pain 
@josordoni yeah it was good news, a y combinator interview next week! dunno bout the oyster, will just suck it up I guess 
@JosueT Seriously! I thought it was going to be longer and wider.. it wasn't  We want to make a bigger one and take it to the beach..
@joswinson you what? Does that mean the forecast for tomorrow is looking bleak? 
@josydaisyJKgirl I just did.AGAIN! I swear when he pointd 2 me during hs last note, I thought I was gona passout.I know he saw me ballin' 
@josydaisyJKgirl If you are talking about a 5* group then nope that wasn't me  I didnt do 5* this time around.
@Jota_SV LOL you sneak  doesn't sound pleasant though  will it just sort itself or does it require intervention?
@JoTheCat @BuffyGroupie I've had to tell people I can't talk to them anymore, stopped going out for lunch 
@jothenekro I wish I could come. Damned gas prices and minimum wage job. 
@JoTheShowHo not so much! it still hurts 
@Jotuu I am taking it at Rio Hondo 
@joubaby....you're soooooo busyyyyyy girl!!! you never have any time for me 
@joughdee aww sorry  it was @exiledblog ... Whoops, exiledgamers was the website.
@Jouja afaaaa  which course?
@joulesstar I know, I hope nobody searches it out now that I said something  its my birthday people!! and I am cheap 
@joulesstar My colours!  But not my size 
@JourdanPrzybyla yeah they're getting a divorce 
@jourdynk sorry about your eye. 
@journauxit0 I want to laugh too  but I didn't get it... miest tweet?
@journauxit0 Oh fuck, what happened? let me know... I haven't slept yet... I don't think I can wait 1.5 hs 
@journey2learn Is your twitter aacount you ok now? What a pain! 
@journeyjoe pobre.  Haha well someday.
@jouyu Me too  I couldn't button my jeans today....
@Jovani_Celeste I'm sorry to hear that Jovani 
@joven_a ugh! I try. He doesn't like the pda though  http://myloc.me/29PO
@jovi_gal thats what i heard  gabe isnt doing so good, he got arrested the other night
@Jovi_Jonas awww feel better love!  and me? well i'm gonna have a headache soon lol..i'm studying for my final literature exam..
@Jovi_Jonas obviously are ghetto queen haha you missed sam earlier  x
@jovialady I actually like his tweets  But yeah he would have to go too
@jovialhoney Can you guys adopt me? Yall are always doing fun stuff. Y'all take trips to Miami... we go to Arkansas 
@jovialjen They have 2 dogs, she probably decided she likes the other one more.  I hope it doesnt have a huge impact on Sapphire.
@jovibabeaz  I enjoyed my day at your house!Blew a tire on I 10 driving home  Still small in the scope of life!
@Joviswillow what theme did you decide for the event? ... considering the original one ... well ... ya know ...   
@jovlind i heard that movie was good......  Now I'm really not going to watch it....
@jowalshy  oh nooo  how  old is she ?
@Jowie85 noooo   Did you ever show me the pictures you took, btw?
@Joy_Alyssa_Day Sorry to say, but I kinda gave up on following WP bloggers.    And it's not the moderator.
@Joy_Inc @caldjr its such a sad day 
@Joy_Inc I'd like that too, as we've been off for just over a week as well. Not looking forward 2 work tomoro 
@Joy_Inc Oops. U and @caldjr both sound as if u've got a bit burnt today 
@joy_wong im really really sorry for bumping into you today 
@joyanne Thanks...   Also: argh. And gah. And a bit of meh.
@joybug80 looks like ill be cheerin for Kobe Wednesday 
@JoyceCamp thank god, yes i am. i just dented the hell out of the hood, and it left a turd on the headlights 
@joycecherrier Awww. Don't mean to sound like an overgrown age 37 baby, but I'm still stick. Not as bad as yesterday, but still bad. 
@joyceho  fine. im going to learn about the components of blood now. have fun,  i am still so crazily jealous
@joycekimberly times like these I hate living in west Virginia  I wish j could come
@JoycePoiani I didn't like it either! 
@JoycePoiani No Gokey news  But we had a pic earlier
@joycerica i really want to but i've got school to deal with 
@joycesu sorry to hear that. My condolense. 
@joycetotheworld ME TOOOO 
@JoyEasterling lovely site  yours - how did you make your tamplete ^( I can't get this thing 
@JoyEDeasy luckyyyy. i miss you pretty lady 
@joyeuxmort, @poprawkz, @ridhiculous, @dinophile Thanks guys! Joe sorry I didn't catch you before you left  Hope your summer is great!
@joyfulfortress aww  i would so become a vegetarian
@joyfuljeni i thought that said IN nh nd got really excited haha   
@JoyGooch I would if I could - it's a perfect beach day here too, but no beach 
@joyike   that sucks, i'm sorry.
@joyjavier awww dats sad for u. i couldnt even go sumwer today. mine is way worser than urs 
@joyjoymato what time is it over there? Miss you 
@joyknows Does that mean I'm not a friend? 
@JoyKnows LOL - that was in reference to the Pens game, which just went kablooey in the 2nd period. 
@joymeetsworld fo reals 
@joypalmer Lol! &quot;accidentally&quot; ;-)  Trouble is, 1st class on the Transpennine trains isn't massively better than standard class 
@JoyrexJ9 Wish I could have come a day early.  will have to try and hook up with some #Rllmuk folks while I'm down there.
@joyroett alas, Joy doesn't seem to work for a alpha male spy  However, maybe for his heroine? Hmm ... writing it down
@joyroett We miss you 
@Joystaa the batter wouldve tasted good. Its chocolate  im trying to buy takeaway right now wait so long
@joystiq damn joystiq i didnt get any code. i didnt even eat because of this. and didnt get anything  im really disspaointed and sad now
@joystiq i am in the last circle of Dante's Inferno and guess what?  There are no beta codes here for uncharted 2  bummer!
@joystiq I wants a code got infamous but no code in the box  http://twitpic.com/7j4zb
@joystiq I work til at least midnight,  so I guess I don't have a chance.   
@joystiq refreshing for the pas thalf hour  my arms are getting tired ::((
@JoySurrender They aren´t coming to Bielefeld this time.  Well they have been here twice already.
@joythebaker Shared your smooshed glasses story with husband  Sometimes the only silver lining is the funny story we get from it.
@JoyVictoria nope I have that terrible habit too 
@JoyYoung negative    I'm not off baby duty until late tonight
@Jozine @lauvanexel... no NO more twitpics cuz I can't join... still bbless! 
@Jozz_WildChild yey!!! I miss my old cat!!  won't be able to have one for at least another two years, gutted!
@Jozza u lucky booger, wish I was.  However, shrek has left the building! On the down side I have Shrek's mom to deal with today 
@jozzua looks like cavs-lakers is not going to happen. oh james if only you could clone yourself 
@jp_948 Jerome, what are you on i cant understand you 
@jp_babii tick tock tick tock I'm still waiting for u to resend lmao!!! I'm dying to blaze 
@JP_FLECK  Wow.    That's just not you.  I don't even know you anymore. HA.
@jp_pmntl the boys are fine I lost a kitten tho.. kinda bummed  the only girl
@jp1983 Looks like quite a few people have had the same idea, I'm nearly out of API on tweetdeck 
@jp198d oh lovely thats really nice! My sis got back from working abroad on tues, she is off on holiday today! 
@jpabian Unfortunately I'm in NYC until Friday so doesn't really help  Thanks though!
@jpadamson  What happened?
@jpadamson don't wait on Red, could be ages. I know what you mean, though. Really looking for a new job 
@jpadamson I certainly know the feeling. Wesley is sleeping and I want to go get something to eat but I only have $4.38 in my account 
@jpalmiotti what a shame... not for you, and DEFINITELY not for her. Just for me 
@jpapciak @Tyler_Lewis I hate the officials so much 
@jpardue93 I am sorry, hope it turns out better for you. 
@JPBrancati omg, I hear ya... It's horrid 
@JPcashcash it's 3 o'clock in the morning for me. i really should sleep but i don't want to 
@JPcashcash oh dear  hope it clears up for you.
@jpdaboss boooo!  guess we should do a cyber party ala @KELLY__ROWLAND in &quot;Like This&quot;.
@jpenti thanks, tried it but it didn't work 
@JPhilipson Oh noes! Now you have to ride one-armed and get really buff only in one shoulder! Hope the pain digresses. 
@jphressh yeaah! too bad i fell asleep during the beginning &amp; woke up at 6! haha  i really wanted to watch it too
@jpinnix wish i could've afforded u 4 yrs ago when i got a bludomain site. went 4 cheap template *sigh*  will be a client someday!
@jpippert Had planned to, but if this migraine doesn't go away, I shall not be going  You?
@jpiscaer grrrr,   stuck in the office now 
@jplarroque Didn't the wet season just start? I think Uganda's getting totally f'd by global warming. No rain = no crops = no food 
@JPlovesCOTTON Thx. I hate when he's sick. He's usually so happy, I hate seeing him so sad looking 
@jpmetz i think you are beautiful and the face you make when you're angry... love it i trry to make it also but it is not so good 
@jpmetz it's not okay that so many of them treat people like that! They're like famous for it  but I totally feel you.
@jprobyn, PLEASE FIX IT! I don't want to sink 
@jprofitt303 I hate that!!!   I am still going though....I lied, I AM old enough to go to bed this early. 
@jproney  Cheer up, good chap! All will be well in the end. You are too great of a person for it to not be so.
@jproney Tom Selleck? That's my mom's big crush. I have to see this! Please don't shave the 'stache before I get to see it! 
@jpsfancy it was a geek joke that Tweetdeck butchered  basically, no surprise they shuffled off the mortal coil
@jpToman lucky git! I'm in the office of doom 
@jpuke sorry I couldn't be there.  I love you and wish you the best of luck! Congratulations!
@Jpurple29 Wat is up with all dis rain  No Bueno!
@jpwashere lol you are correct.  elliott was the man.  i'm sure whatever he wrote would have been epic 
@jpwashere no  just that for right now... Did see @amandapalmer in NYC so atleast this won't be the only show... How about you?
@jquesmith Cubie!! I just got this!!  I had to get me some Koo Koo Roo after my workout...just got back.  I'm SO out of shape! 
@jquesmith I'm headed there in about 20 mins! Got an hour and a half to put in  this is hard but it's a must!
@jquig99 What else out there? Sprint sucks too I gotta tell you 
@jrabbit12 I hope so I need it 
@jradc  cool i don't have work till 3 2day so it's good 2 get a lay in altho i did miss jeremy kyle this morning 
@jradc FUckers only deliver to USA &amp; Canada! Seriously where only An OCEAN away! 
@jradc i know i should have, i was trying to think of a way to get involved but i couldn't think of anything decent  but i hope tomorrow
@jradc I only have 41 DM    And most of them are boring 
@jradc Im all with the ADD last couple of days  tomorrow is read/write day!
@jradc Yep, I had a caption of my pic that said eye!sex written between them, but I lost it. 
@Jradguitarpunk KATRINA is the mean one! 
@jraimond  oh shit- im so sorry.  i really hope she's hiding in the yard somewhere  
@jraimond  That sucks 
@jranl I'm assuming since she doesn't respond we can assume she died. R.I.p. Shawna 
@JraseanJ aww  I wish there was sun out here. Then I can get a tan!!!!  (walks it out) go meee go meeee
@jrbommarito  it was fun while it lasted
@JRCohen That is unbelievable. What are people thinking??  Obviously nothing worth thinking about. 
@JRDaffParade Fortunately, I got some sleep.  My mom called me right before my normal rise and shine time. Still no pictures. 
@jrdnknightrider Dude are you grounded from me?   Sorry Gil is jealous of NKOTB!
@jrdsctt Are not 
@jreagon11 Im going to take something but afraid b/c I may over sleep and not take the girls to school... 
@jreagon11 I'm not Im going to stay awake  or try too...
@jreck I am trying to get off Coffee. Been drinking tons of good old fashioned water 
@jredondo i dont know what imma do  i will keep loving you the same..no matter what! a&amp;f!
@JReese24  be safe!!!
@Jreinhold206  miss you guys already. Have a safe trip!
@jrela2000 that sucks grapes  dont know what all that car speak meant but its bad im sure
@jremmyyy yea i know  haha I'll visit too! If I ever wake up early and go! :p  u guys shuld make the dance team next year!
@JRenee211 once in a blue moon I will get fast food. It tastes good going in but in 5 minutes after eating it I always get a belly ache 
@jrfan8 LOL - other tips: avoid mixing different one (beer, wine, liquor), drink LOTS of water too...   (I feel corruptive!) 
@JRFARGAS Man That's What Everyone Is Telling Me 
@JrFresh tell me about it ! i'm so incredibly bored, have a super mean headache, and have no date to prom. 
@jrheam oh  Coming up in the next month is like...Emery, Closure in Moscow, Anberlin, mewithoutyou, The Dear Hunter, Zao, A Static Lullaby
@jrhmy what?! how so? at least i don't drop golden popcorn 
@jrincon @AndyBud still have issues  I'll have to contact support - annoying!!!
@jrjallcorn thanks. a little bit better today, actually washed hair + got cleaned up. the burn still looks terrifyingly bad, though. 
@jrk_cochina40 My mom saw me have one for the first time a couple of months ago. I've had them for years. 
@jrkgirlnla ouch  you ok?
@JRKNaughtyNurse Hey chum, why ya glum?  *hugs*
@jrmullen Ewwww.  Tomorrow I have a meeting, which isn't the best.  
@jrnieves86 u bastard. U not takinme  lol..
@jrnleblanc11 hey man this is my new MSN addi. Please don't delete!    m_poll@hotmail.com
@Jrny2Past Kia!!! have a safe flight. lex n i will miss you  have fun in korea and stay out of trouble. love ya!
@jrnygirl Tell me about it Kimberly... 
@jroberson4 You're still not going to be visiting us 
@JRobertsKids3 i wonder if Justin and the band will make a crazy making 2? I loved the book! A couple people didn't 
@JRobertsTWC: Help Jen I had a Monster Energy Drink and now I'm crashing.  
@jrockdrums we're not going after all. maybe next time. 
@jrod618 I wish I could go to NY! You're so lucky 
@JrodBringsChaos Ahh, Jared, are you okay? 
@jrosannah I'm so bummed I missed it. You guys said you were gonna let me know what was up but I never heard from you guys 
@jrowett am jealous as hell - you're getting all the fun down there in London town while I'm in my 5h1ty portakabin in Sheffield grrr 
@JRsrWj Nothing wrong with a party haha - I will be at work all day and then have to do more work from home 
@Jrswim I miss you 
@Jrtrescue Green spam? Sounds bad to me 
@jruckman Dude that pretty much sucks 
@jrvanandel Happy Anniversary! Agreed:Komodo was SO lame.  Baby Chris was DONE w/ the Zoo before we got a chance to see the butterflies.  
@jryanking I wanna work at the white house 
@jryanking sad, but I saw it coming 
@jryanking seriously, I worked for #ONTD and #fuqtwitter, that's all I can handle 
@JSafetySuit can you let me know when y'all will come to Texas? I wanna see y'all so badd but i dont think I could afford it 
@jsafetysuit OMG i  just noticed you are in Chesaning Mi on July 13th.I so want to be there! I have to see  what I can work out, work day 
@jsayreallen I gave Decemberists a shot after I saw a bumper sticker for them, once. My conclusion: Neat band name, lame music. 
@jsbournival I know, but it doesn't 
@jsbryonics boo that  that sucks man, im sorry
@jschenck ahh, too late  I picked up some Dairy Queen chilli dogs
@Jschickl @MaggieMae0906 I know. it's annoying. 
@jscoot why are you leaving me? 
@jscottlowry ZOMG SO SORRY!  I feel your pain.  I have a great body shop if you need one 
@jseattle I know, I know  I don't do much with @iheartsea anymore. Sorry to be such a scraper. You have the most quality content. Looking.
@jsegarrison Its good to talk to others in the same boat. Its all quite new to me, i've been finding the dramatic life change difficult! 
@jsempey meeeeeeee too. it sucks 
@jsenior haha. company email i take it? wish i got a free phone  it does look better than the god awful G1 though.
@jsfried boo that sucks 
@jsgreyhoundgirl Ugh, my Callie did that once.  It looked like a stab victim had walked to our front door with all the blood.  
@jshah4517 Doesn't seem to have picked up your tweet  Will check into it later :p
@jshanks oh i know that feeling except i get it when i go through the skyway with my IPASS and then when i pay for parking 
@JShav When will you be home? So I can talk. If not on phone at least over facebook. I just I dunno....I tall you later. 
@jshe  do wear more clothings or on the heater. weather that cold , no wonder your sch's having so many flu cases
@jshe it is what my mum calls chips (hot chips)... been trying to find someone else who uses it, but no luck so far 
@jshe Will check out your latest post shortly doing paperwork.  At school.  On Sunday.   Been here 4 hours already. 
@jshep24   It's not over! Now you are married!!! Woo!
@jshowns heeey blondieee!! how's the girlfriend?? havent seen you in years muffin 
@jskoda http://wvtc.net/about.cgi We missed TechNewsVT last weekend, sorry  I'm in Randolph tonight, and we're going to figure that out
@jslabovitz i hate that i missed it today  
@jslander Oh gosh! Really?  Sigh. Wish I could send ya one through the wires...
@jsm174 the Sirius app is definitely not as good as yours was.  
@jsmecham And by December, we'll be that much closer to the iPhone 4G (or something)   *shakes fist*
@jsmith189 Yeah I think he sensationalized the Aussie accent!  I miss Steve Irwin!  I knew his A was gone die effing with them animals BAN
@jsmonet  new twitter app posts as soon as I hit enter. This is a change for me. I'll try to do better, I promise
@jsmooth995 and thank you very much for the subliminal mickeyd suggestion 
@JSNFRMN sorry for my english is too bad 
@JSo I´m so sorry, I know how that feels 
@jsofreshhh I know  ... like Madonna
@jsofreshhh yes sir! That's what I'm talking about my pinky toe! I couldn't move it for 3 days 
@jsong77  NOT DONE IT'S ALMOST 2 AM  this youtbe better start acting normaal
@jsong77 Rite I feel u. I was gon do it but I dnt have a recorder on my phone.  Where is Trey????? Lol
@jsonin @macasek it means he's found someone else. sorry man 
@jspatton: sorry forgot that 
@jsph_o  im sorry im poor and have to work. hahah
@JSpikEThinG damn!  I haven't even grubbed on some suopper yet.  Too lazy and I don't do fast food anymore.  
@jstaffz hellloooooo! wheres my beat snips  i already wrote punchlines to shout u out....lol
@jstamps76 that would be bad  but if you dnt piss off any chinese dudes it will be alright
@Jstarrrrr ugh for real 
@jstewartclark NOOO!!!!  Not his fault they're crappy pitchers.
@jstolle well its not a tough race.. theres no one on the starting line..  
I want to get a haircut today. Bangs again? Hmm.. I've been hating my hair for the past few days 
i want to get an apartment with julian we'd sleep til late eat wot we want watch oprah dr.phil and ellen party then repeat. if only 
I want to get back in bed 
i want to get bite by a shark. ava says no  twitter nation help make her see how awesome this would be
I want to get home after a long day at work but the train is late again. 
I want to get married 
I want to get my lips pierced... but its illegal and im too much of a coward to do it myself  lmao
I want to get Prototype, but can't  Anyone think it will be as good as it first looked, or will it be a HUGE let down?
i want to get the People special of demi and selena 
i want to go and buy the next book in the series but i am not going to buy it till i do all my homework. sometimes self control sucks 
I want to go and see Public Enemies. Could get free tickets for Monday but all gone. 
i want to go back 
I want to go back to bed.  
I want to go back to bed. I don't wanna.  It is gonna be a long day.
i want to go back to holland 
I want to go back to Mallorey's swings hahaha. Sittng at McDonald's. Smell of food makes me sickoooo though! 
I want to go back to my dream 
I want to go back to sleep  Too early to be up. Help!
i want to go back to sleep but housing is haunting me so i'm going to call them first. i feel sick to my stomach 
I want to go back to sleep. 
i want to go back to sleep. like asap. i hate when spering break ends. 
I want to go back to Swansea 
i want to go back to the beach 
i want to go back.. 
i want to go biking. right now...in other news, metro station's 'shake it' is my guilty pleasure. 
I want to go boating!!!! But instead I'm doing laundry. 
I WANT TO GO BOWLING 
I want to go clothes shopping so bad, but no money to do so 
i want to go for a bike ride but i dont have a bike! 
I want to go for a bike ride on Blackstone Blvd  it's so beautiful out right now. Tealuxe, I miss you terribly.    http://bit.ly/18fHgq
I want to go for a bike ride. Wish my body wasn't so invisibly broken and getting in the way of comfortable movement. 
I want to go for a walk but mum isn't sure about walking me and my puppy friend at the same time. 
i want to go for a walk, but nobody is awake to come with me 
I want to go get ck anywho hopefuly I can go to work ... Cause I don't have sick time ... And I just got in a write up 
i want to go home 
I want to go home alreadddy.  I miss the heat of the Philippines 
I want to go home already 
I want to go home and be crafty! 
I want to go home and enjoy the weather.  in Maple Grove, MN http://loopt.us/HPbDig.t
I want to go home and I haven't even gone on the plane yet 
I want to go home and watch True Blood 
i want to go home now - to sit in the jardin &amp; have a nap - 3 1/2 hours to go 
I want to go home so bad.. 
I want to go home!! 
I want to go home!!! 
i want to go home. i miss my dad, my puppy, and my computer 
I want to go home...I feel really ill.  http://tinyurl.com/qb2ktg
I want to go nite nite, but I have to read finals week is coming! and I have to wake up at 5 
I want to go on a cruiseee 
I want to go on a picnic. I just wish it wasn't so hot 
i want to go on an adventure but nooooooooooo. i have to do stupid school work.  o how i crave an awesome adventure.
I Want to Go on Holiday 
i want to go on warped tour  whyy do i have to live in australia?
I want to go out 
I WANT TO GO OUT  Mummy dont allow 
I want to go out and do something but it's cold and rainy and foggy  
I want to go out for breakfast this morning instead of cookin 
I want to go out for dinner but the weather's not fine for the fam and I to go out...and will Dad come over here?  *sigh*
i want to go out today. but nobody wants to or is busy 
i want to go out. 
i want to go outside and play but there's no one to go with 
I want to go ouuuuuuuuut!! Air free pleaaase! 
I want to go see David Cook.  But he doesn't have a show close enough.  Boo you, David... boo you!
I Want To Go See Up. But I Don't Want To Go With My Mom And Brother. 
i want to go shopping at Forever 21 SOOOO BADLY!!! 
I want to go shopping so bad but have to wait for the check onFriday. 
I want to go shopping! It sucks to be on a budget 
I want to go shoppingggg!! GSS is mad mad mad.. I'm so poor 
i want to go some where why do i have to be poor 
I want to go somewhere for 4th of July and Labor day but everything looks so expensive 
i want to go suntan on my roof 
I want to go swiming but I can't!   Call me if you have pool 14143051895
I want to go swimming, its too damn hot!! but my pool is filthy!! blahhhh 
I want to go swimming, just not by myself. 
I want to go swimming.... my pool isn't ready yet  
I want to go the feck home  all my dad does is shout at me!!!!!
i want to go tidy @AmazingPhil 's room and get love 
I want to go to #AdobeMAX. It's going to be in town in October! Too bad I can't afford it. 
I want to go to a party.  hahah. so if any of you will have a party. tell meeee.. i really want to go out.
i want to go to Ancol on Monday please, papaaa 
I want to go to another country, I find USA to be so boring right now 
i want to go to bali not to singapore  i hope singapore is like bali on this vacation.because every people go to bali urgh hate this part
i want to go to bed but can't. 
I WANT TO GO TO BED.....   
i want to go to build-a-bear, but i have no $$   i need a second job!!! come on retail america, im good! promise!!
I want to go to Canada and USA, but for now I can only see these places on TV 
i want to go to Capt. George's but everyone is out with there mothers. 
I want to go to churchhh 
I want to go to community pool today.  Machine was broken last time I tried to get membership card, still broken and not open til 4. 
i want to go to demi lovatos concert and i can get good cheap seats but my mom wont let me go 
i want to go to Disneyland... 
i want to go to girls aloud again 
I want to go to Jb and Demi Concert today!!!  wish i cud go
I want to go to Lithuania sooner. I can't wait anymore. 
i want to go to lsgh right now 
I want to go to macdonalds  a cheese burger please:'(
I want to go to my home!!! D: I don't like stay in the work all alone 
I want to go to P&amp;L SO BADLY YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!! aaaaahhh. 
I want to go to Peru this summer ahhhhhhh! Hopefully! Yesyesyes! I miss it over there!!! 
I want to go to Pizza Hut 
i want to go to Rock am Ring!!  there plays very amazing rock bands!
I want to go to san antonio! 
I want to go to school  sitting in 102 with those 38 girls, have dance con, and laugh with wong miu wan, meimei, spring,snow, vivian
I want to go to sleep 
I want to go to sleep, and only wake up when my life isn't such a out of order train headed for certain doom. 
i want to go to spain !! but i have to work 
i want to go to the Bario Fiesta, gig ng yfc. 
i want to go to the beach 
I want to go to the beach again and enjoy some Lychee yogurt. But I'm here waiting at the hospital, starving 
I want to go to the beach tomorrow. 
i want to go to the beach, but i need to go to the craft store and get wedding stuff instead 
is happy that she is getting her freeview fixed, but is confused by all the technical words 
is happy to be home but i'm going miss my boyfriend while he is gone in NJ for the summer...  please take good care of him NJ!
is happy to have her tivo showing tv program schedule again but not happy that nothing good is on. 
is happy wow wow wow [but end of the spring break  and time to do homework *cries* ]
is happy, even though she lost on double&amp;single ping pong, and badminton :| nomore goin up to the stage  but anyways P &lt;3&lt;3 
is hatin the welsh weather, rainin after a lush week of sun 
is hating being at work on a public holiday whilst all of my friends are drinking and having fun 
I'm so frustrated because the Dream Angels bra is on sale at VS and I can't afford to shop right now!  Apparently I'm easily frustrated.
Im so frustrated! I cant sleep &amp; i have 2 be up in a couple hrs &amp; theres nothin good on tv 
im so fucked for tomorrow.. suddenly going to uni doesnt seem so sure anymore 
I'm so fuckin' ill .. daaamnn my whole body hurts 
im so fuckin sad  she left me without a word. i hope i will never see her again
I'm so fucking confused 
I'm so fucking ill! Why now when there's such a fantastic weather outside?? 
I'm so Fucking sad my phone broke  i lost all my pictures of winkys trip and ducknut 
i'm so fucking stressed. i hate hate hate history. i'm going to cry 
i'm so full because of sushi  so i can't eat my j.co donuts
i'm so full till i feel like throwing up. arrgh hate this feeling 
Im so full. Subway was bomb! Waiting for my 2nd shift to start 
I'm so getting capped this month. 5 Days in and I'm at 25% .. 
im so glad i didnt have my hopes up. maybe later or tmr at the latest 
I'm so glad I went to see Sweeney Todd! Everyone was so good! Especially Kyle! Time for bed...  SAT in the morning... then shopping, p ...
Im so glad I'm following @World_Cup2010 so I can keep updated on the huge game I'm missing  today&quot;s awful!
im SO glad im going out with my sister tomorrow  i need cheering up a lot, i feel so crap
Im so glad my ship and pro invite me out 
I'm so glad that Diversity won! Though I am sad Stavros Flatley didn't 
I'm so glad that storm's over. It was a bit scary. 
I'm so glad! I can finally get back on twitter! iPhone app wasn't working  haven't been able to get on all weekend to tell all of my FT's.
I'm so god damned sore, and the weather is SO shitty 
im so gonna regret eating this slice of chocolate cake 
im so guted that danny's left ! butt it had to be someone 
I'm so gutted for Ricky Hatton, he walked right into Pacquiao's punches.  This is sadly the end of the hitman!  
I'm so happy  I didn't expect to have one..let alone him. And I didn't expect to be pretty much asked either!
I'm so happy for Carly. 
im so happy i got to spend the afternoon with my boys.  i hate the weekends, back to work.   ill be at crapper barrel til 1130 
I'm so happy it's friday tomorrow.. work was long today  .. so tired..
im so happy that I came here to watch the mets suck  
Is hating getting up in the mornings and going to work while it is sunny outside..  
Is hating it all. But missing u. Hardcore. Come back! 
is hating life...no funtimes today, assignment time instead 
is hating the cold, rainy weather 
is hating the drenching downpour in Sydney atm 
Is hating the morning sickness 
is hating the thunder storm 
is hating the weather. UGH. 
is hating this airport! Miami come get me, please 
Is hating this weather 
is hating this work experience  whats the point, its so boring!
Is have a bad night at work. 
is have a litte headache n feel stress out with my test  http://plurk.com/p/tql2x
is having a back pain!  http://plurk.com/p/xgy73
is having a bad day already. 
is having a bad day too.. 
Is having a bad day, as had a fight with my g/f 
Is having a bad hair day 
Is Having A Bad Hair Day!!!  Any Tips?
is having a bad week so far..and its only Tuesday 
is having a bbq with fam, however is annoyed with the fact they think that quorn and veggie food is worse for me than normal meat, urgh. 
is having a bit of a sad day. 
Is having a brofest without his favorite bro. 
is having a crappy couple days.. feeling more and more like the invisible girl  .. or maybe just the forgettable girl...
is having a creative block! i dont know what to draw 
is having a day from hell in work  oh well not long left now
is having a difficult time trying to help people today... 
is having a down day..... 
is having a fake tan today xD BB was a letdown :/ the dissapointment  x
is having a fat day 
Is having a few hours off before i start my next shift 
I want to go to the gym, but im too sick.  Hopefully I'll be better by Thursday.
I want to go to the GYMMMMM but nobodyyyyy wants to go with me hmmph 
I want to go to the jonas brother concert ...  I have  no money  sucks for me
I want to go to the London Nerdfighter Gathering  So badly!
i want to go to the movie night so badly but my cramps are killing me 
I want to go to the MTV Movie awards 
i want to go to the park but none wants to go sad  im bored
I want to go to the pool but I still have school work to finish 
i want to go to the townsville show next week 
I want to go to the YFC thing tomorrow. 
I want to go to the zooooooooo. 
I want to grow a veggie patch. And have flowers. A nice, beautiful garden, unleash my inner green thumb! Shame our yard is full of pavers 
I want to grow taller ! 
I want to have a dual-monitor today 
I want to have a dvd marathon  and where's that dickhead when I needed him?!
I want to have my hair cut short.. But I totally can't.. Or else I won't be able to tie it in a bun.. This is so depressing.. 
I want to hold you tigh, but first of all I want to know if u love me .. 
I want to hook 2 of those up with my computer, bit my dad won't let me  http://twitpic.com/7wc97
I want to jailbreak my #iphone3gs 
i want to jump in the water.... not write this stupid paper 
i want to just sit in the rain. school is in my way 
I want to keep Sleeping   I have to go to the gym! Ok I am getting up now.
I want to know why my CD/DVD player won't work when it is brand new and just installed today.  DANG technology!!!!   
I want to know why twitter says I have 5 followers, but when I click on it only 3 pictures pop up.  Sad face 
I want to know y ra is not having fun 
I want to know your plans, and how involved in them I am, when they raise the landing gear will your heart stay here? 
I want to lay in bed, I am so hung over! Gotta go take care of the niece and nephew though! Wish I could have had pancakes @ Amber's 
I want to learn how to edit videos. I feel so handicap at this! 
I want to learn how to play guitar 
I want to leave  already 
I want to lie down and go to sleep... But as soon as i lie down my brain starts spinning in my head. Not comfy. 
Is having a good time in Palm Springs with the AKA's but I'm hella tired!  http://myloc.me/2NAh
is having a great weekend and going to work later  not excited about that...! trying to find a ew job... hopefully!!!!
is having a great weekend this city is so different to melbourne.. flying home tomorrow night 
is having a hard time functioning this morning  but promises to pull it together for tonight!!!!
is having a hard time sleeping because of my itchy throat. 
is having a hard time sleeping. Boo    too many noises out there keeping me up!
is having a Haterday, sorry TomTom 
is having a high fever @40C, resting at home.... 
Is having a lame sat nite 
is having a lazy day but I have work later 
is having a massive headache. 
Is having a nice day revising for my exam on tuesday at home 
is having a pretty crappy day today!  &lt;3
is having a quiet day cant believe my weeks holiday is nearly over 
is having a rather boring day today  birthday in 28 days though 
is having a really bad day!!!! 
Is having a really bad time!!   everything is going wrong in my life, has god put a curse on me!!
is having a really bad week. 
is having a really tough day...  
is having a really, really hard and lonely week. Crap. 
is having a sadface fest because its raining and he left school early 
is having a sadface night 
Is having a stiff neck... 
I'm so heart borken!  I found two amazing shirts but can only buy one! Shopping is a dangerous obsession!
I'm so heart broken still,after an hour.Wow!What a great father who would really say that!  tranDIAMONDS
i'm so homesick  fortunately I get home today
im so homesick , miss mummy 
I'm so hoping for a better day... 
Im so Horny and @avasamone WONT Help me get my Twitter Orgasm! lol  (hands folded and bottom lip pok'd out)
I'm so horny where's my man ....oh yea in the Virgin island  I should play with my licking beaver sounds like fun yummmy
i'm so hungry 
I'm so hungry and am still craving for sweet chocolate brownies with vanilla ice cream and ɑ bowl of whipped cream 
i'm so hungry and i can't eat anything. i wanny cry 
I'm so hungry and I don't have any food at work... 
I'm so hungry but it's not time for dinner. 
i'm so hungry i can't sleep 
I'm so hungry it hurts 
I'm so hungry! but nothing to eat, guess i'll be starving tonight 
I'm so hungry! idk what to eat 
IM SO HUNGRY!!!  i havent ate since 8 am  
I'm so hungry, being on a diet sucks 
I'm so hungry, but the only place to eat right now is the bakery... there goes the workout 
I'm so hungry. 
I'm so hyper that I ain't Reading tweets right lmao and I don't have my stupid contacts in 
Im so ill right now 
I'm so ill! my mate just invited me to a show as well  gonna phone her back after i've walked the dog &amp; tel her if i feel like going
im so ill. i do nothing 
im so in love with you , i miss you . im living up to our life dreams we planned. but why is it i wake up to someone else's face ?  [imy]
im so interested with him, how can ?  Egypt ... i want to live in Egypt 
im so jealous @vanygomez -__- I should have just gone im sure I would b happy right about now. 
I'm so jealous my school's IT office has &quot;I'm a PC&quot; stickers on it, and I still haven't managed to get any 
I'm so jealous of @katiekayx and @likalisa  i want to be with them
I'm so jealous of everyone who gets to see Up this weekend 
i want to live closer to hilsborough 
i want to live in disney someday 
I want to live in London so bad 
I WANT TO LIVE IN LOS ANGELES!! &lt;3 but im living here in finland! 
I want to make a pie. but I don't have enough apples. or brown sugar. 
i want to make an iphone app. that seems neato.... but i dont know how to write code 
I want to make baby clothes. Pretty little nightgowns ;) Michael isn't going to co operate and let me sew 
i want to make videos on YouTube about my toughts about everything apple, rumors and etc. but my english is so bad so i'm sure i will.. 
I want to marry Vince more than anything...I hate this country 
i want to meet @DavidArchie. i want last sunday back. i want my birthday back 
I want to meet Hey Monday! Accccck! 
I want to meet sir alan sugar never going to happen though 
I want to message Hart Hanson, but I can't.  This is unbelievably depressing.
i want to move back to vietnam  or any southeast asian country I MISS IT :'(
I want to move out, NOW. Gah. I can't stand these people 
i want to move to blogger but there's no blogskin. damn. 
i want to move to Orlando with Rosa!  i will miss her way way 2 much!
I want to Nudge you  @macycan
I want to order all of @amandapalmer's sheet music books, they look so amazing but so expensive! 
i want to own Spectacular 
I want to pack all my friends in a suitcase and sneak them back to Denton with me. 
I want to paint. my paints are all at home 
I want to play eternal sonata 
I want to play football but my football training is on tommorow... 
I want to play Gears of War 2 again  red ring kills me ):
I want to play in the sunshine but my belly hurts again! 
I want to play parachute games.  
I want to play PokerStars again but I dont exactly remember my account info. 
I want to play scrabble, &amp; everyone's being a big ball of pansy's. @srslycolette? @erichalvorsen? @starbucks? @rememberholly? @CUJO? 
I want to play Scribblenauts so bad  Hurry up September
i want to play Sims 3, too  
i want to play the drums but... its too late 
I want to play The Sims 3 now  Have to wait 10 days though... My boyfriend got it today, yay 
I want to play wii but my stupid sister and her friend are playing. 
I want to play with @jquerytools but I can't think of anything to do with it 
is having a stressful day with olivia...nothing cheering her up...think it must be her teeth 
is having a suddenly stressful day at work...  
Is having a terrible day 
Is having a terrible start to her summer.. 
is having a very quiet Saturday night by herself. How sad 
is having a very rough pregnancy. When will it get better???? 
is having a wank day 
is having a wonderful morning....NOT! Oversleeping is not good! 
is having an allergic reaction to life....... 
Is having another Sunday of doing work  Forgot the gfx tablet too 
IS HAVING BACK PAIN!!!  jude is so dam sexy right now
is having brain blockage in musical thoughts 
Is having chest pain 
is having crash issues with Sims 3, just lost a good 3 hrs of work. Needs to remember to save every (sim) nite. No autosave 
Is having drinks with his friends for the last night at home. 
is having extreme difficulty grasping these concepts 
Is having fun in okiehoma but misses home  well her friends and pets anyways lol not the drama and lame weather!
Is having headache and blur vision problems in wrong time...while studying for the finals.  yallah....
is having her dinner and has just been on the trampoline oh do i have an headache now  wont be going on the tiain has gone
i'm so jealous of Lesleys friend! i can't beleive short stack is going to CALL HER!! i wish i knew about that comp  haha
Im so jealous of my friend she can eat all day and not gain a single pound but with me if i eat a tiny cracker i gain it all 
I'm so jealous of the astronaunts right now, I wish I was with 
I'm so jealous...my sister got the blackberry curve i wanted 
I'm so knackered maaaaannnn jesus can't believe I'm working later  the soup my sister made smells amazing!
I'm so lazy why do I have to be? Lol so the Cavs r playin tonight I'll probably be home alone all bored 
Im So Let Down 
I'm so listless...maybe the weather is a reason...or what? :-S ahh...i don't know... 
I'm so lonely  via http://twibes.com/group/Amishpeeps
Im so lonely right now so bored so sad 
im so loney. anybody? 
Im so looking forward to going home, even though Im all alone again.  
I'm so lost and confused. Took a nap at 7ish and just woke up. What the hell do I do now? Missed Conan, too 
I'm so lost how do I use twitter on my blackberry bold 
im so lost so alone. what ever did i do when i was alseep last night to get this ? 
I'm so lost without basketballl   Thursday, when the Lakers hand their Magic their ass, can not get here quick enough.
im so mad  i cant believe i cant go im such a huge fann!
I'm so mad Adam Lambert won, Kris doesn't know how to sing, Adam HOWEVER does. 
i'm so mad at her...ugh 
I'm so mad at myself for smoking last night.  badddd girl
I'm so mad at myself right now. This is why I rarely get my hopes up about anything these days. 
im so mad im not sound asleep right now 
im so mad in not going to orlando today 
I'm so mad that I can't find my scarf! ARrrrGG!  Goodnight ya'll
I'm so mad that maxwell will be at the DuSable musem tonight and I don't have a ticket 
Im so mad. My robot pendent i barely bought 2 days ago, fell down the drain  bye bye robot!
i'm so mad. the guy i like texted me while i was sleeping 
I'm so mean  wtf! i miss how i used to be =/ i gotta go back to those days. 
I'm so mean, but wouldn't it be meaner if I pretend i still love u? 
I'm so mentally tired and confused that I think I'm about to pop a blood vessel any minute 
is having issues with the .htaccess files on Yahoo!'s server 
Is having lunch. Bad weather and stupid topics. I miss Barcelona 
is having one of those days, where you make coffee and forget to put coffee in, then come back again to see you forgot to push start.  
is having one of those... days 
Is having phone problems 
is having problem with Internet connection. 
is having second thoughts....... 
is having sore throat and cough.. think after 3days of durian, this is what happen.. 
is having such a boring night again!!! 
is having such a frustrating day 
Is having technical difficulties 
is having the last breakfast in Vietnam and getting ready to leave on a jetplane  http://twitpic.com/7z0sp
is having the last supper with his little angel. 
is having the weirdest dreams...n they are getting weirder... 
is having thoughts that she feels guilty for having. 
is having Thriller withdrawals 
is having to go back to Wales again incase the car gets robbed in Manc, month from hell the past 4 weeks 
is having trouble breathing through the pain..and now i have a damn fever...   (^~^)&lt;^&gt;
is having trouble finding sources for his history essay , fuck this shitt arghh , dont want to faill thou  .
is having trouble sleeping without my hubby home...I hate when he is away!  I am going to be one tired wifey when he gets home!!
is having trouble studying and needs some motivation 
is having trouble uploading photos to facebook today. 
Is having trouble with FB right now...seems to be down. 
Is having trouble with his ears  I hope it will pass by soon. No music work for now 
is having troubles 
is having way too much fun. Adam where are you? 
is having withdrawl symptoms from download festival &amp; the papa roach gig!!! 
Is he coming today.. arh dun think so..so dun ask me already... Off to work soon n see ppl who is so fake... I hate them 
is he ignoring me?.. 
I want to play with GeoClue but hostip is down 
i want to play zelda 
I want to puke. 
i want to quick ,  too much presure booo 
I want to rant and rave, but I dont think mine will come out very nice right now!!!!  
I want to read but i know i will fall asleep if i do. 
I want to read Harry Potter, but i fear the destruction of those books. 
I want to read Sweep.  lend me the 10th book? :3
i want to read the book theif but i need to wait till tomrrow 
I want to receive both a happy birthday to you  I want to receive both a happy birthday to you 
i want to revise but i want to tidy also. what is wrong with me! 
i want to rewind to yesterdayyyyyyyyyyy it was such a good day and now it's over 
I want to ride a horse 
I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today  http://snipurl.com/izzsn
I want to ring Mark.  it's such a nice day and i'm working. 
I want to roll around in the mud. Didn't get tickets though. Waving my VisitBritain credentials didn't work either  http://tr.im/oEiA
I want to run 3.0!!! I can't though until the JailBreak is released. 
I want to run away from finals 
i want to run...its raining...just got my hair done  ::sulks by the window::
I want to scream. Fill the silence. Or at least know what I've done to create it 
i want to scream. why cant you just talk to me jen? you cant take 2 minutes to talk, but you can go out to dinner with others? im hurt 
i want to se the mtv awards booh yaaa! 
I want to see Drag Me to Hell. But I get the feeling none of my friends will go w/ me 
i want to see ephraim zenh tomorrow! a lot. but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it's only saturday night...sigh. 
I want to see famous people!!! 
I want to see Food Inc but I can't find anywhere that is showing it; DeKalb/Rockford or even a zip in Chicago that is showing it. 
I want to see Gossip Girl. but it is not running. so pity. 
i want to see hannah bah! 
I want to see hes just not that into you I missed it at movies! 
i want to see his new haircut 
I want to see if I can move my flight to Tuesday and spend Monday night in Pittsburgh. Hmmm... Yeah right, I wish! Too busy... 
I want to see Kenny! 
I want to see king blues at the &quot;electric ballroom&quot; in london but ill get crushed.  I hate being a 14 year old that looks like an 8 yr old
Is he my ex? Or probably still my bf? IDK 
is headache  staying in tonightt
Is headed home from falls creek  27 disicions awesome is all i have to say!
is headed to bed...i do not feel good  . night everyone.
is headed to hospital for another visit...nothing really new to report. Waiting, I guess. 
is headed to mty right now. I just want to sleep. Iron Man was a failure. I slept 
is headed to the hospital to visit a church member. One of our elderly members (Mary Welch) appears to have suffered a stroke. 
is headed to the hospital. 
is headed to work, slept good have half a headache tho 
is headed to work. . . 
Is headed west again. Bye bye Bama. 
is heading away from the Florida sun and into the GA rain....sadness  
is heading back to London today...after the funeral 
is heading back to Preston to collect the last of her stuff 
is heading back to work this am... Vacation time is over 
is heading home - have a severe headache 
Is heading home from foot surgery and wishing she had a boyfriend to come over and cuddle with 
Is Heading home to Macon  
is heading home. or to her house. it feels like she's leaving her home 
Is heading off for tuition until 7pm. 
is heading off to Florida today for work until Sunday evening, missing Sherrif's going away party 
I'm so misserable and missing my princess Devina whom now with his Prince... 
im so moody. I think its all cause I need a cigg. 
im so motivated to make a vlog !!!!!!! but now its time for bed, and by the time i wake up tomorrow, it will be too late 
I'm so moving to a warm place ! Hate the cold  and it's even that cold here. Miss the sun and the 25-30 degrees.I really do !
im so nervous for my race tomorrow. i have the shakes and i feel like im gonna throw up 
I'm so NeW 2 DiiS twiitter crap ii DoN't even KnO how 2 send priivate messages..Somebody help {ME} plzzz 
i'm so not excited to go to school  sleepless nights again! so lazy to enroll on monday also...
i'm so not gonna be in social class. i hate economy. so much theories! i got 65 for the last exercise. CRAPPP 
im so not organised today. im rushing aroiund and to make it worst my nose is blocked and i keep sneezing 
I'm so not pleased!!! 
I'm so NOT prepared for my spanish final tomorrow... Ayudame! 
I'm so not ready to start the week. I have soooo much to do  I want it to be saturday again.
Im so not used to wrking on a single screen setup...damn storms 
I'm so obsessed with Fallout 3! Shame it's a rental  but at least I get to keep it as long as I want! Yay for Tesco DVD Rental.
I'm so out of it. 
i'm so over my sister and her boyfriend 
i'm so pissed b4 i watch it in Nick but it doesn't show it there anymore 
i'm so pissed i can't go meet lauren conrad at the  mall today! 
im so PISSED off ! 
I'm so pissed off and on the verge of tears... I hate living this way! I want freedom to be myself! 
i'm so pissed off now.... 
Im so pissed off that i have to revise inside 
I'm so pissed off, my dad crashed my PC and now all my stuff is gone  I hate him with a burning passion...
I'm so pissed right now  Am I going to lose all my contacts after this restore???? AHHH. Going to take a shower.. 
i'm so pooooooooooorly 
im so pooped, ugh and my tummy achessss 
I want to see LaFee again 
I want to see Lauren 
i want to see little boots in blackpool tonight.  the combination is lethal.  i want to go to the pleasure beach too 
I want to see lymelife 
i want to see my angel!! 
I want to see my babeee so badly 
I want to see my babyy na 
I want to see my kitten 
i want to see my little del rosario ! 
i want to see my tweet on the screen  #mw2
I want to see new Star Trek. It seems everyone is talking about it on Twitter. However, even I can watch it here, it will be in Chinese. 
I want to see one night in the mueso 2 , already they maybe extracted it 
I want to see Terminator, but everyone's already seen it 
I want to see the hangover again. 
I want to see The Jonas Brothers 3D concert experience... 
I want to see the left 4 dead 2 trailer 
i want to see the maine again soon... 
I want to see the movie &quot;UP&quot; 
I want to see Transformers 2 so badly  waaaaaa
I want to see Transformers 2 SO BADLY now. We're meant to be going tomorrow but I don't think we will 
I want to see UP 3D!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i want to see UP. too bad i have to devote my entire day tomorrow working on my english final. 
I want to shoot Viva Hate... this is only the second time since I got my new camera I've had a chance, and the other was pitch black 
i want to skate on sat but there's an exam 
i want to sleep  7ade day5a !!!!
i want to sleep  but i have to study :/
i want to sleep but i just cant 
i want to sleep early today.  gonna go now, fake sick tmrw at school, i cant help it.  &gt;&lt;
I want to sleep in, but the dog won't let me. 
I want to sleep more!  - http://tweet.sg
I want to sleep more!!!!!!!  getting up tho.
i want to sleep!!!, but i can't 
I want to sleep, but I should study 
I want to sleep, however I can't seem to fall asleep 
I want to sleep. Damn, why is so bad weather in Moscow? So cold 
I want to sleep... forever. 
i want to snuggle with @jengannon &amp; my foot hurts 
I want to snuggle. 
I want to spend money on cable...    I wanna watch the game too     Who's gonna invite me over? ;)
I want to stab Youtube with something rusty for taking 3hrs to upload my Ozzie tribute AND THEN delete it for being over 10 minutes  
Is heading off to the shop. On a Saturday??? 
is heading out to the office for her once-a-week visit. So, no PJs all day for me. 
is heading to a funeral 
Is heading to bed after a long day of meetings, sushi and wine!  Plus I have a cold. 
is heading to bed shortly 
is heading to Happy Hour @ Sherlock's Addison... then has no clue whats going on! Text msging still off  Unlimited minutes FTMFW 
is heading to Hebrew School for a spiritual death match: soccer vs. Shabbos. Like Shabbos even has a chance? 
is heading to shabu after an 11.5 hour work day.... back ache, headache, tummy ache 
is heading to Sunday Family Lunch. minus Caleb. 
Is heading to work n its freezing! 
Is hearing my mom arguing with my dad 
is hearing Pink Floyd 'Another Brick in the Wall' on muzak...ugh 
Is hearing Valerie throw up. Poor girl is really sick, my heart hurts now 
is heartbroken that my boys are not coming to OZ anymore    please rethink it over we love you NKOTB in OZ 2009........here's hoping
is heartbroken. I have to get rid of my kitten b/c my neighbors decided to be stupid. 
is heavily researching about Accordance! If only I have the money now... 
I'm so ready for basketball, too bad my b-ball buddy can't come 
I'm so ready for Friday. 
I'm so ready for the weekend!! Wish I was going to to the beach though 
I'm so ready for the weekend. 
I'm so ready to be a civilian!!  jets are boring 
i'm so ready to be leaving soon in my jet plane!! friday can't get here soon enough...although i wish that my husband were comin too 
I'm so ready to go home and crawl in the bed... not feeling too awesome right now! 
I'm so ready to go home.....I'm  tired!!! 
I'm so ready to go to Michigan and see my parents and friends.  Not looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth pulled on Thurday though. 
I'm so ronery 
I'm so sad  i wont be able to chat with my american friend for ages. 
i'm so sad  the wednesday my julito died  nothing can stopping my pain julito i love you so much my angel
I'm so sad -- Toni Morrison's &quot;The Big Box&quot; is going out of print. Probably the best kid book I've found to date.  
i'm so sad , bec @mileycyrus even dont know that i exist and then she never gonna know what she means to me 
i'm so sad about jon and kate  i don't want them to split up 
I'm so sad because I left my blue travel mug in the lighting booth and it disappeared. Has anyone seen it up there? 
i'm so sad for my cookie tonight. almost feels like she's been put to sleep.  http://www20.zippyshare.com/v/4602060/file.html
im so sad i miss my kitties!!!!!!!!!!!     
Im so sad i missed The Hills  cant wait to see it!
I'm so sad i saw de end of a long history....Life    [anything for u but everything for me]
im so sad its @laurenconrad last episode tonight 
im so sad just said good-bye to my sister and fam...wont see them till mid-August 
Im so sad my dog died yeasterday 
I'm so sad my fave black dude from True Blood got killed off. 
I'm SO sad my P&amp;S died today 
I'm so sad Rafa Nadal won't be playing at Wimbledon this year  hopefully Roger won't win it!
i'm so sad right now 
i'm so sad right now, i cant concentrate on mab either  sorry popo
I'm so sad that Cage on Daisy of Love went home this week  him crying made me tear up a bit..
i'm so sad that Cleveland lost  cmon lebron.... damn.
I'm so sad that Jonesy won't be getting cuddles for ten days. She's a very cuddly dog. 
I'm so sad that lauren conrad's final episode aired last night 
I'm so sad that most of my favorite Zetas are graduating and going alum 
im so sad that my favorite talk radio show (Kathy and Judy) on WGN 720 has been canceled... 
I'm so sad the Louisville antique mall is closing! That place was awesome!! 
is helping Chris pack.. not what i wanted to do tonight. 
is helping everyone pack from Spain. Everyone, that is, except for me... 
is helping her mum with housework today  bad times!
Is helping out at church pianos +stairs+gravity= heavy 
Is here home sick, I had such a stomach pain and headache pain ! its just such a bad day!  I thought today was going to be good! 
is here na., **sigh.,,  http://plurk.com/p/x4kie
is hidding a really bad secret 
is hitting up the dentist 
is home 
is home  and it's so cold
is home &amp;&amp; tired  x
is home all alone! 
is home alone  i hate it
is home alone and sick! what a great start to the weekend 
Is home alone for a week 
is home alone for the next 5 hours and feels like shit. puke. 
Is home alone with no one. 
Is home alone with nothing but uni work and a big telly for company 
Is home and feeling very I'll was sick at work yuk 
is home and is still sick 
is home and school still isn't over. one last final on monday and then i can relax kinda...i'm still on a job hunt 
is home and tired 
I want to start playing Tales of Vesperia, but I'm tired 
I want to stay home tomorrow and get better but like that's gonna happen  try to sleep I guess.
I want to stay in bed all day 
I want to stay in the hills for summmma 
I want to stop coughing 
I want to stop my tears from falling down to my face, baby, i want to get out of this maze.. 
i want to sunbathe in the garden but there are some pervy builders in next door's garden 
i want to sunbathe, but it hasnt rained yet, and apparently i should expect thunderstorms 
I want to take a bath, but I don't have anything clean to change into 
i want to take a bath.. some times i wish we didn't have a spa. 
I want to take a few good photos... however, not really inspired by anything right now! 
I WANT TO TALK TO BRADIE WEBB 
I want to talk to someone...i made a fool of myself and feel bad...no one gets me... 
I want to tell you all about #businesslunchclub, but @aaronhoos won't let me yet. It's a secret 
i want to travel within my own country but i want to save 4 an overseas trip  oh wat to do, decisions........
I want to travel.... 
i want to txttttttt, but ain't got nobooodyyy. i mean i doooo, but he's worrrkingg.  xD
I want to update more but can't think of anything... Tonight's the last night I can sleep past midnight... 
I want to update my blog.. But I'm too bored to do such.... 
i want to upload a new picture..... but i can't  oh well, all in due time i supose
I want to upload a photo but Twitter won't let me, says it may be too big 
I want to upload my photos from last night but the usb ports on my laptop are not working 
I want to use the slip and slid   4M0REDAYS(:
I want to visit my ca-razy cousin in Adelaide. aaah I miss spending time with her 
i want to visit my grand mother soon. she's sick 
i want to vote for david in the twitter elections as well but if i do hell overtake tom 
i want to watch A Bug's Life so bad, but i don't own it 
I want to watch a Jagjit Singh concert before he stops doing them 
I want to watch Angels and Demons!  I have a cough 
is home at West Plains finishing up yard work until tomorrow. I hope  1 more day will get it all done. I hate ice storms. Cleaning up 
Is home bored 
Is home but have trouble walking 
is home but only temporarily will be leaving on wednesday, i don't want to go back to the box!  
Is home but sick as hell 
is home but still feels weak! 
is home from a 1 year old party it was outside we got rain on 
Is home from a meal and feels sick because she has eating too much food 
is home from church with a sick little girl 
is home from download. 
is home from mission trip  AMAZING WEEEK. with jackie and bianca and alllie (happppy birfdayyy allie.)
is home from north carolina  ugh
is home from NYC and now has to come back to reality and call into work 
is home from school ... ill                       very'bored'to'be'honest'' :@ someonee signn up for thiis plz !! 
is home from the air show and is very very very drunk-the room is spinning :-/ wishing i had some company n wasnt all alone 
is home from the Casino, has something to eat, now about to lay in this bed,  alone! Tweeps its no fun, if the homies cant have none!
is home from work sick w/ a fever of 101 
is home from work. finally get a day off tomorrow, then work 13 days in a row 
Is home listening to a screaming toddler....HELP 
is home on a saturday night 
Is home sick and in pain hopefully this Rx will make tum tum feel betters 
is home sick today, thinking about all the things he needs to work on. 
is home sorting out paper work for college dada  excitement!!!!!!! what we up to tweets? i miss our convos  bad times x x x x night off!
im so sad today because i cried at the father's day rehearsal! i miss you, daddy!  and Becker was playing drums, haha...
Im so sad, Bran Bran wont talk to me 
I'm so sad, i wanted to wear my favorite pink overalls today but my mom said she threw them away because they were hideous 
im so sad. the hot guy at subway doesnt work there anymore and my cool neighbor w/ the cute boyfriend moved out today  
I'm so sad... My poor doggy  is sick 
im so sad...... want to go home.... 
I'm so sad.....biggie is getting surgery today 
im so sad...i miss my baby 
I'm so sad...left my cell phone at home.  All day at work without it 
I'm so salty....I log onto the computer to see @SongzYuuup on ustream and by the time my slow ass pc was up....the show was over...  damn
I'm so scared my arms, feet and chest will burn or tan. I want some sort of servant to walk around behind me with an umbrella to shade me 
I'm so scared right now....I'm shaking 
i'm so scared. there's a huge spider in my room. when i tried to kill it, it ran into my closet. no way i'm brave enough to look for it.. 
im so screwed for math, english and ipt 
Im so screwed traffic hasnt moved 
I'm so screwed. 
i'm so sick  it's not even funny how miserable i feel .
im so sick of being in pain!! and sick of being lied to  i hate feeling like this
I'm so sick of being lonely at night in my bed  I need some DryIceCanKill
Im so sick of cancer taking away people that I love. I refuse to loose three people in less than a year. 
I'm so sick of having a headache. 
I'm so sick of hearing about Jon &amp; Kate. Grrr. I'm only concerned about what the divorce will do to the Plus 8. 
I'm so sick of hearing her talk about another guy...it makes me sick. 
i'm so sick of living in the city 
I'm so sick of my friends getting walked on in their relationships 
I'm so sick of my mom spying on me 
I'm so sick of rain   When will we see the sun again?
i'm so sick of school, I want to stay off.  I really want to explore daily booth more. Before i jump on another bandwagon x
I'm so sick of working full time already  I wish I was going to Uni this year now
Im so sick of working sundays........ 
I'm so sick!!! UGHH head hurts soo much 
I'm so sick, it's ridiculous. 
I'm so sick.  Not going to school today.
I'm so sick. I'm glad my mom let me skip soccer or else I might have fainted or thrown up. 
im so sick; cough, fever, sneezes, stuffy/runny nose, tummy aches.. help. me. 
im so sleeeepyy hahaha..  hoping everyday 
I'm so sleepy  but i can't sleep! I have to watch my teleseryessss
is home sweet home for the night... 
is home thankfully! and in desperate need of a good neck/back massage! im uber sore! 
IS HOME TIRED AS HELL...I MISS MY HEFFA LUMP   *SANKOFA*
is home tired but i have homework so no bed time tonight 
is home today and sick 
is home watching the game... I love that show. But it's Friday night why am I home 
is home with D, not sure what is going to happen?? 
is home with my lil man, still feeling like total crap...gotta kick this soon, I  absolutely hate being sick 
is home, alone  and wide ass awake!!
is home, and would rather be out 
is home, feels like the equivalent of a pile of pooopp, ! malade !  txt 8787523,jaiii t'aime beaucoup
is home, not up for the whole day of school. almost made it though. 
is home, sleep time, up soon for work  ice cream factory hell
is home.  safely... but hungry 
is home. Bored. Gosh. I hate how I feel after a tour. Now all I wanna do is go back in time. I already miss everyone 
is home. Homework again. Darn  http://plurk.com/p/12ob6m
is home. I can't decide if it's a good or bad thing 
is home. Just had a Big Mac &amp; a Big Dic! Both were yummy! *lix lips* Sleepy now. God, i hate being home alone  Goodnite ya'll.
is home.., gonna shave my goatee now..  NO MORE GOATEE anymore. huhuhu
is home....6pm arrival on my &quot;off&quot; day 
is homesick beyond belief 
is honestly shocked at how much of a pig she allowed herself to be.  Discipline challenge: lose 5 pounds!!!... http://plurk.com/p/wxfk2
is hoping for a good day, forget all the exams and forget him 
I'm so sleepy  I must go to bed. I was planning on my last night up. Nothing goes according to plan 
I'm so sleepy and i still haven't seen my grizzly graham teddy.. 
i'm so sleepy but i have to do darn freaking homework!!! :O  D:
I'm so sleepy!!! But I can't fall asleep   Do you ever have those moments?
I'm so sleepy.  i have school tomorrow. I'm sorry if i fall asleep.
I'm so sleepy. Back to the shithole today 
I'm so sleepy. but I don't have a movie to watch in bed    suggestions?
i'm so sleepy... i need a nap 
im so so angry and sad at the same time, I FAILD! 
im so so bored right now 
im so so so so angry !!! 
I'm so so so tired!  it's gonna be a long day at school! Wish I was home in bed with my wife!
I'm so so tired from no good sleep last night 
I'm so so worried about my kitty.  Pray for her to feel better.
Im so sore im gonna be a vegetable all weekend 
I'm so sore! Fought for 20mins, got a little bruised all over. 
I'M SO SORRY about yesterday  I was in the middle of uploading a Jensen video ( a great one) when my internet shut down  #asylm
I'm so sorry guys that I haven't been online! Sorry, sorry, sorry 
I'm so sorry guys....I have a business commitment that is very important and I'm not going to be able to do the chat tonite. 
I'm so sorry kate  nice going jon.
im so sorry you guys! i've been shooting on the lake all week and my phone had a tragic accident! it went to the bottom of Havasu 
i'm so sorry you guys, dreadful change of plans, hafta audition today; i've got a ride to wicked; please tell paige. sorry 
I'm so sorry. I made a mistake to some people who I know won't waste time reading this. But still I'm sorry 
im so stoked!! 3 more days till skool is OUT!!! imma miss all my BFFL's tho. 
i'm so stressed out. like. more than ever. 
Im so stuck, I need to sing a song for my concert, my one i wont is the climb but girls have sung it, so now im stuck and need help .   
im so sunburned from yesterday its not even funny!!  Well today im just chillin in my room with my guitar! @Jonasbrothers 16 more days!
I'm so sunburnt from school  curse you subs that let us go outside!!
im so tierd im falling asleep on my computer sadddddd stuf i wanna go to sleep but cnt 
I'm so tired 
im so tired  and i think i have the pig flu ((((((((((((((
im so tired  gonna ready in half an hour then go see the matticus!
I'm so tired  I really don't want to have to go to work and then come home and revise &gt;.&lt; x
I'm so tired  I'll make it though
Im so tired  jus took some tylenol pm so hopefully i can sleep tonight Nightyy night tweeples...
I'm so tired  my throat still hurts a little I just want to be over this damn cold.
i'm so tired  time to go to bed, night night
im so tired  watching house until friends comes on. its scaring the crap out of me!
I'm so tired ... and ill. that totally sucks. the weather outside is awesome and I have to stay in bed mostly     xx
I'm so tired after work. Had a tough day  Wishing for a better tomorrow 
i'm so tired and bored! 
I'm so tired and bored. I don't wanna write and nobody's online  My life sucks (?)
im so tired and bored...how meny of yoohz can relate 2 that ayye...   
Im so tired and cant sleep..... that makes me officially screwed for tomorrow 
im so tired and cold 
I'm so tired and cold and uuugh D: I should really get out of bed. I was meant to get up over half an hour ago. I'm so tiiiired 
I'm so tired and I am still studying. 
Im so tired and i cant go to bed. 
I'm so tired and i don't know why 
I'm so tired and I feel like I've achieved nothing today  Alas, I guess I did have a rather busy day.
i'm so tired and i'll sleep now... 
i'm so tired and want to sleep but i have to finish my project for tomorrow   
I'm so tired and WHERE'S MY PHSIYCS BOOK? 
I'm so tired but I can't sleep 
im so tired but i cant sleep at all 
im so tired but i cant sleep cause my teeth hurt too much 
I'm so tired but I don't want to go to bed, yet. It's empty 
i'm so tired but i have to learn for politic and biology 
I'm so tired but I have to study.  killer exam tomorrow. I'm sick of exams already. I had 16 exams already and still got 5 to go.
im so tired but i really dont want to go to bed coz tomorro night i have to go back to school &amp; i dont think i go on leave till holidays 
I'm so tired but my own cough is keeping me awake! So stupid 
I'm so tired I can't fall asleep...I hate that!  It's gonna be another looooong night 
i'm so tired more than 20 hours a wake !!! and i cant sleep i will miss my flight  what should do ?!
I'm so tired my back hurts. 
I'm so tired my eyes won't stay open 
i'm so tired my stomach feels sick! wth?!  Drama exam today!! D:
I'm so tired of being tired 
im so tired of cleaning and washing  but got to be clean right? ;)
Im so tired of cleaning now  just wanna have another beer in the sun.
Im so tired of doing nothing. I should really do something today. Doubt it tho  grrrr I need to get out of this damned house. Its lonely
i'm so tired of everything. and worried. i don't know what to do 
I'm so tired of getting left out of everything. 
I'm so tired of just lying to my parents  I don't wanna do this anymore.
im so tired of sneezinggg  ughhhh
I'm so tired of this heat already, and it's not even officially Summer yet 
I'm so tired of this! I just  want school to end and I don't have to see their stupid faces again... 
im so tired of work...i need a life.... 
I'm so tired ryu nice try today  I feel tired even lying down on my bed...
I'm so tired that my eyes keep closing. Ugh 
I'm so tired this morning, it makes me want to cry.  I hope I don't fall asleep while the students are testing.
I'm so tired! 
I'm so tired! I feel out of breath. I donr like this feeling  booooo!
i'm so tired! i played soccer all day and my back hurts me so bad! 
im so tired! im back from vaca and i lost my cladaw ring and busted my finger!  but im happy im home! ;)
i'm so tired, but i can't fall asleep. 
i'm so tired, but the kiddo is up, so no more sleep for mommy 
I'm so tired, I just want to sleep! But i got homework to do now! 
Im so tired, I want to take a nap 
I'm so tired, I'm going to lay on the couch in front of the t.v.....I still have work to do 
I'm so tired.  I've barely slept the last few night, and I totally feel like I could just crash at any moment.  
i'm so tired.  this is gonna be so hard w/o you. please dont go.  
I want to watch Drag me to hell too 
I want to watch Drag me to hell...  But I'm not allowed to that movie... :| Wish I could.
I want to watch mtv movie awards 
i want to watch newport harbour, but mtv took it off their list of tv shows! 
I WANT TO WATCH PIRATES!!!!!!!!!!! NOT CRAPPY WAKING THE DEAD  DAMN YOU MOTHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want to watch Terminator but my bestfriends are not around 
i want to watch the game on sunday. live. 
I want to watch the Japan v Australia soccer match but I don't think it's on any channel in Toronto 
I want to watch the movie &quot;Up&quot; but no one wants to watch it with me 
i want to watch the new movie the ugly truth... can't wait any more 
I want to watch the PCD concert on June 11! 
I want to watch the rest of Hook, but I have work 
I want to watch Transformers 2 
i want to watch transformers! but i can't. i have to wait 'til weekend comes. 
I want to watch Transformers. 
i want to watch UP in 3D 
I want to wear this dress tonight! Shame I didn't bring any appropriate shoes back with me and don't have an appropriate bra 
I want to work                                                                            Just finished bathing :o
I want to work at Seattle Grace hospital 
i want to work at target 
I want to work on my HTML 5 template design but the brain wants to sleep 
I want to write a public hates a vigilante story mostly b/c i want to write a kickass girl who beats up ppl for good. 
i want to write so badly 
I want to write something but I can't.. 
I want to write something, but I can't think of anything good.    blah.
I want today to be worthless but unfortunately I can't afford that. 
i want twitter back on my phone..  im missing all the action lol
i want wagyu steak!!! I miss having lunch at lola's house 
im so tired. and i dont feel good. and i just want to sleep for the rest of the day but i cant cause i have senior night. 
IM SO TIRED. but i got to do my english homework 
im so tired. had quite the eventful weekend, almost sad to see it end. back to work tomorrow 
Im so tired. I don't feel like gettin ready. Maybe a hot shower will wake me up. Nahh, it never does. 
I'm so tired. I only get 1 day off for the next 2 weeks. I hate my job, never get to see my hubby.       
I'm so tired. I should head to bed. But i hate missing out on life. 
I'm so tired. I'm falling asleep slowly, but if i did fall asleep all I'll think about is craig and i don't want to get hurt again 
I'm so tired. Work took a lot out of me today.  well tomorrow I sing in the morning. Ehh and I'm sick. I know I sound naggy. Goodnight.
im so tired..  someone wake me up
I'm so tired.. At school listening 2 guitars leaving when I feel like it. Sayana is not here 
im so tired.. im so paranoid. cuz my dad said &quot;this is your last day of relaxing&quot; and i looked at the schedule. I have intense volleyball 
I'm so tired... And bored! 
I'm so tired... I hate having to get up so early everyday!  
Im so tired... Of fighting with him 
I'm so tired..... I haven't been getting enough sleep 
im so tired...all this crazyness....when will school end ...you see school leads to depression and can lead to anger....and tiredness...  
i'm so tiredd i'm tired of been tired!!!!!! can't sleep 
Im so tireed ! aagh 
i'm so totally completely in love with jonathon 
I'm so tried! Don't want to sleep though. Need a girlfriend 
I'm so ugly, i know 
I'm so ungry with the ppl, who says be your friend. And you mis her and you love her, and she...Nothing. 
I'm so ungry with the ppl, who says be your friend. And you miss her and you love her, and she...Nothing. 
Im so unmotivated today  This work does sometimes really, really sucks &gt;_&lt; but at least...ive got strawberries *yammi* lol
is hoping for nothing but good developments for my friend whose dealing with way more crap then he deserves right now. 
is hoping for the best for my baby 
Is Hoping Her Wish Will Come True But , Everyone Denies It !    I Want MY Wish To Come True SOO BAD !! 
Is hoping my son's ear infections are getting better.  I hope he doesn't need tubes.    
is hoping pasta and chocolate cake will help her night and her little heart 
is hoping Richard Felix is ok 
is hoping Sabe (our Yorkie) comes home soon, safe &amp; sound 
is hoping she can just magic her way out of the graphic design jobs she need to accomplish tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/z37td
Is hoping she can sleep tonight...no more wide awake at 2am please!! 
is hoping she will be able to roll out of bed tomorrow... back pain is a killer 
is hoping some hot apple cider will help her to feel better... this coughing fit is hell 
is hoping some nice friend will pay her apartment maintenance fee...i need money. Now 
is hoping that I get the work placement I applied for. School tomorrow, great! 
is hoping the hot water bottle will make the neck/shoulder pain go away... it hurts not to be able to turn your head!  
is hoping the posty delivers my pink tickets 
Is hoping ticketmaster hurry up and put the tickets up for @Mileycyrus tour 
Is hoping to get a massage at the rick and bubba studio, but its only for the dad's 
Is hopping on a flight... Oh wait.. No im not 
is horrified to think a plane can just disappear! the poor families, i hope they find them 
is hot &amp; bothered 
is hot and bothered. dont want to do any work 
is hot and heartburny! No more orange juice 
is hot and sweaty! Oh how i suffer for my art... I really did want to see a movie today 
Is hot, tired and really really wants to go home!! Bah! Bloody mother and wanting an outfit for Dads retirement weekend 
Is human contact vanishing from this planet...all we do is sit online and chat..soon we wont know how to communicate, sad 
i want warped in aus! but i can guarantee you that it wouldnt be half as awesome as the US one. 
I want weekly mani/pedis. Go team poor 
I want wings 
I want you back Brandy! I am so cold, its an ice box were heart used to be! 
I want you so bad!  2 more days.  http://twitpic.com/6eo38
I want you so bad. 
I want, I want ... But I have to wait @thefirstally !! I want to live there with u !!! 
i want.... a iphone 
i wanted  them to show fall out boy before i went to school but i knew they wouldn't  but they talked about them...
I wanted 2 go to Ladytron tonight 
I wanted 2 wear a summer dress 2day  goooooooood morning!!! remember: stay positive 2day!
I wanted 3 chips to put in my tuna sandwich.  I had to buy a Family-Sized Bag.  I don't even LIKE lays, but...no sandwich is complete w/o 
I wanted a banana but the banana shop had none 
i wanted a HD 
i wanted Aidan to win!! 
I wanted Allison to win 
I wanted Cavs to win. 
I wanted Dark Knight to win  BORED!
I wanted Decode! 
i wanted flawless to win 
I wanted Flawless to win  Maybe the rather handsome one from Diversity swung the vote
I wanted go to church but my mom made me babysit til now and its to late 
I Wanted Greg Pritchard To Go Through  AWESOME VOICE GREG!
i wanted not fair to be number one 
I wanted orange chicken too! 
I wanted the time stop!!!  i'm unhappy!!!
i wanted them to sing #BTS in the rain 
I wanted to BBQ tonight, but I can't taste anything due to this cold... so no BBQ for me! My favorite food too! 
I wanted to be as brown as @BuddyLove87, but I'm as red as a lobster 
I wanted to be at Coldplay's concert in San Antonio 
i wanted to be at Valadares today with my BelovedMcFriends @lihmf7 @bahf @mahdinha and @Lisbr 
I WANTED TO BE NEAR HIM BUT I CAN'T BECAUSE SOMEBODY OWNS HIM NOW 
I wanted to be up two hours ago... 
I wanted to buy a Jimi Hendrix bag but Yaks 'n' Yetis was closed...  Oh goody I'm about to go to band sectionals.
I WANTED TO CHANGE MY TWITTER USERNAME TO MICLOVIN, BUT IT'S ALREADY TAKEN! 
I wanted to get the VIP package to see @ddlovato but they where all gone. 
I wanted to go and see the bunnies today, no such luck 
I wanted to go c dat wit chu.... 
i wanted to go dancing 
i wanted to go last night 
I wanted to go see a movie today, but now I can't because I'm sick. But for the weeks with nothing but shitty films, I felt fine. 
i'm so unprepared. my friend already has her set college she's aiming for. and i just somewhat know. 
I'm so unsocial I hate it. totally following sharisse on twitter. I wanna go to sleep with my boo but he's too busy drinking, bummer 
I'm so upset I feel sick  Life really needs to get better.
I'm so upset that i had to cancel on my date to the wedding this weekend. We would have had a grand time talking about ppl. 
I'm so upset that I missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased 
I'm so upset with jealousy right now 
I'm so upset with this phone  I hope it isn't broken for good. Stupid T-Mobile.
im so upset! i have Achilles tendonitis!! i'm going to have to do the walk with a bootie 
i'm so upset. the season finale of house was so fucking sad! he has officially lost his mind 
Im So Very Tird ! And i Still Dont No How 2 Work Twitter !!   Its Annoying Goin On Twitter And Being Confused !
i'm so wild about Susan Boyle and Shaheen Fajargholi... How come they couldn't win at Britain's Got Talent!! 
I'm so worried about Dahlia. Also still very caught up in the many sad events of this weekend, although I thank god Joy is still alive. 
I'm so worried about my sister's guinea pig. I hope Stalin makes it through tonight!  you can do it baby!!
I'm so worried. It takes almost an hour to make 1 box. That's 36 hours..... I'm gonna go cry now... 
i'm so worry about him 
I'm so, so tired 
i'm so.... sed... 
im SOAKED!  Amys gone for two weeks shes mean :p haha..Nomore school  Tonight tho 
I'm solo tonight. Tad grainy Chilean Merlot (no MG in sight  ) and actually a bit down. Hm? Human perhaps? Must be the wine. Stay goode.
Im somewhat didsapointed wih the Joker in Lego Batman!  Hes just not cool enough!  
im soo bored  spring breaks LAST DAY tomorroww!  ughhh.
im soo bored and hot and my little sister is sooo annoying i cant stand her 
im soo bored and i dont like talking to myself lol 
im soo bored. going to be stuck in doors till september. joy    its so sunny and i get to watch it thru a window.
Im soo cold! Its wet and yucky outside here. 
im soo confused im getting called  fake :O 
Im soo exhausted I feel sick  Cant do this Anymore
im soo freakin pissed!!! no one wants to play Uno with me 
I'm soo fucking tired and I want this damn headache to pass 
Im soo going to miss my dad on Fathers Day 
im soo hungry it hurts  i feel like cryin
is hungover and hurting real bad 
is hungover for the first time in a long time 
is hungover...very very VERY hungover. 
is hungry - gonna take ages to cook a roast 
is hungry again  http://plurk.com/p/xt5hr
is hungry and bored...not a good combo!! 
is hungry but all we have are pop tarts. 
Is hungry! Still in toronto, I don't wanna go home but I must 
is hungry.  i hate crash dieting. but with a cruise 9 days away, it's gotta be done. *sigh*
is hungry. (as always) ~ haven't eaten since brunch.  http://plurk.com/p/11ctn9
is hungry... all i ate was a grilled cheese sandwich earlier 
is hungry... and alone... and feeling blah - not a good combination for a friday night. 
is hungry....must go grocery shopping...no juice 
Is hungry....wants good food...I want my mother back to feed me 
is hurt 
is hurt  can't believe some of things i was told tonight
is hurt because of her own stupidity 
is hurt... wishes I could be with him.. instead of her.. 
is hurting from her back 
is hurting so bad in my face cause I just had my wisdom teeth removed Monday 
is i need to let you go coz your presence just hurts me. im sorry.  http://plurk.com/p/rp7d3
Ϛ �??k  **pouty face** Shitty day out in Boston again ugh no wonder I'm sick
Is icing my shoulder and it's not fun in this weather. 
is ignoring the game and hating her husband. Maybe that'll make the Magic win 
Is I'll 
is ill  how unfortunate... :|
is ill . . . again 
is ill again  but majorly needs to do expressive arts cw 
Is ill and feeling really down, rubbish weekend 
is ill and is working all weekend 
is ill despite the zillions of antibodies that (as she now knows after studying biology for ca. 2429 hours) whizz about in her body. fail 
is ill with a cold 
is ill with chicken pox atm listening to music XD but rather bored works been sent home  so doing skwl work to 
is ill...  but still has to learn for a geography exam...
is I'm having a headache due to raindrops..  http://plurk.com/p/118ou7
Is impressed about having the day off tomorrow but not impressed about revision 
I wanted to go see mitchel at the grove but I have to do laundry 
I wanted to go to Cabaret night  Instead, I had to go home and feel sad because everyone else got to go
i wanted to go to party in the park 
i wanted to go to School of Rock to see @AniCutt and @lexapeall but i have to work    Citizen Cope tonight. leaving soon.
I wanted to go to the rally today, but it is raining 
I wanted to go to the victoria secrets semi annual sale. 
I wanted to go to Yes We Con '09 
i wanted to hear the bmw rap yesterday  dammit. @stealingoneal
I wanted to see both David Cook and Dvid Archuleta..  but I wasnt able to watch it during their Mall of asia concert...
I wanted to see drag me to hell but idk y we didn't go! Next weekend?!?! Finally going to sleep workin tomorrow!   Goodnight all!
I wanted to see the story on ACORN tonight on Glen Beck but I missed it 
I wanted to study all day... but yet again, I fell asleep 
I wanted to wake up and hear that the Canucks won.  next year. Nice run boys! Thank you for a good year!
I wanted to wear shorts today 
I wanted to win stuff from SEGA's Free Stuff Friday  Damn you work for getting in the way!!
I wanted toast but there is no bread left  Oh, what to have...
i wanted x factor tickets, so unfair 
I wanted Yari to go farther on I Survived a Jap gameshow! 
I was 15 min late for work 
I was a bit puzzled as to why it seemed to hit me so hard, not so much now though.  Doesn't matter though as nothing I can (or would) do!
I was a kick boxing machine tonight!! I'm now returning Natalie's duvet that Mr. Dexter piddled on  Sorry Natalie....
I was a little  last night. something happened \:
i was a MILE off wasn't i! 
I was actually expecting something to happen but the snake still scared me when it striked. I screamed and think I threw up a little 
I was actually happy to see that leaders of both national were discussing one-one re eliminating terrorism. This editorial is a bummer 
im soo hungry right now.. eatin this dry ass burger wit no bread ketchup mayo just the meat  sad huh?
I'm soo sad cuz I wasn't able to take a pic with Ariza 
I'm soo sad my lil diva is leaving for a week. I'm gon miss my baby.  What will I do with my life.       http://myloc.me/2Wbu
im soo sad that my summer's almost over.... 
Im soo sad! Leia my 3 month old pitbull was stolen from my yard today. I hope she's ok. I just want her back.  
i'm soo sad... i lost my starbucks voucher thingy  no caramel frappucino  for me
im soo scared.. the loft hatch came down and now my purse is missing 
IM soo sleepy i think im going to bed.. no i know im going to bed my legs hurt too much  and got exams tomorrow! wish me luck 
I'm soo tired   Later - shopping that's when I have to hit a starbucks
im soo tired  my dad made me feel horrible because i dropped my laptop! ugh i was crying for ourss!!! but ust to let you know it works!YAY
Im Soo tired lol. been studying all day 
im soo tired lost soccer played crap 
I'm soo tired! I didn't sleep for shit last night. 
I'm soo tired! I wish u cld sleep forever! 
i'm soo tired...4 hrs of sleep...rough night  I have chondrocondritus until it goes away, then working on the whole heart problem
im soo upset  Gosh.geez soccer practice, Finals, Dc trip, Dance, Graduation, physical tests...it nvr ends :'( i have a headache.
i'm soo upset bout my bass drum its broken nd nw i can't play on my drum kit  . Can't wait till thursday, goin royal cornwall show, WOOPx
Im sooo bored  i've been striped of my computer prevliges 
im sooo bored, the wheatherrrrrrrrrr is sooooo nasty ! yuck rain 
I'm sooo cold. 
I'm sooo cranky right now, everything and everybody is working on my nerves :s Please help me with this stupid homework 
I'm SOOO fidgety!! WHY?? How am I to sleep 
I'm sooo freaking excited to hang out with my uni girls all Summer long! I missed my Jenny Penny  &lt;3
im sooo friggin borreeeed 
im sooo hungry. and i really dont feel good at all 
I'm sooo lazy to get outta bed..but there's tons of works await 
I was all for #samsung #omnia and was very very impressed until I realized, that it doesnt have an in-built 3.5mm jack, just a dongle. 
I was always scared of flying... Tonight's Air France news is not helping 
i was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night 
I was an hour late for work today 
I was asleep until like 2 and now I don't wanna get changed out of PJs 
I was asleep, but then I woke up  Now I'm trying to go back to sleep and I'm watching 'Daddy Day Care&quot;
I was at 437 from 8:30-9:30 yesterday w/o ever going outside...sad 
I was at school the other day and realized how much i miss it 
I was at the fair for 8 hours and never got the Sonic stuffed animal I was promised  exhausted.
I was awake until 12:45am then my mum turned the internet off so i couldnt watch the @jonasbrothers live chat i was ccrying i was sad 
i was babysittin last week nd i told the little girl a scary story so scary dat she cried i felt so bad! 
I was being serious about the ethernet port thing  HELP!!
i was blocked by twitter  nevermind... #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
I was born 500 years to early. I'll never know the joy of sacking a city &amp; putting the ppl to the sword &amp; the torch to evrything else. 
I was born in the wrong family....     How could I run away from it???
I was born to criticize. 
I was caller number one. 
I was contemplating going completely vegan, but then that means virtually no baked goods cookies, cake, pastelitos, not even pancakes! 
i was cooking in Docs Kitchen, trying to make bread, but i burnt it 
I was crying .. but ,, i dont want cry more !! 
I was declared &quot;Worst Comment of the Day&quot; on Jezebel.com today.  
I was delayed for 3 hours, got here safe and sound, but now can't sleep 
I was delivered a whole box of fancy looking cookies and I'm not allowed to eat a single one. waaaah 
I was denied the bunny! 
I was disable in facebook,so please help me 
I was disappointed in Conan. He's changed a lot of his stuff for the 11:30 audience. 
Im sooo mad! lines vines and trying times didn't arrive from amazon!  it betta come tommorrow!
i'm sooo over study- last final 2moz morning....so will be up all night &amp; probably only get like 4 hrs sleep 
I'm sooo ready for SIMS 3!!! I wish it was out at midnight tonight...oh well I will go get it after work tomorrow. 
I'm sooo sad about farrah fawcet 
Im sooo sad and disappointed.Miley really deserved to win in that category  I mean i liked all the nominees but wantd her to win!!
im sooo sad right now  i need a hug
I'm sooo sadddd..... 
i'm sooo scared , it's thundering 
i'm sooo shweeeepy  being a responsile young adult is soooooo fuckin wack! doin it all over again tomorrrow
Im sooo sick of innout right now 
im sooo sick today...so no emery concert tonight 
I'm sooo sick...and no one taking care of me 
I'm sooo sleepy today  I blame iPhone update &amp; Twitter!
im sooo sore... my back hurts, my legs are weak, and im dehydrated. i have to go set up my moms furniture... gay!!!! 
i'm sooo stressed 
i'm sooo tierd, but i keep waking up @ 9.  i had the best dream lastnight! &lt;333
i'm sooo tired but i just can't seem to get to sleep! 
im sooo tired i just had another sleepless night grrr  im in desperate need of Starbucks
I'm SOOO tired!! However, lots of cleaning calls to me and I must heed her call 
I'm sooo tired. Wish I could just go to sleeeep 
I'm sooo tired... wish I could sleep at night 
i'm soooo aqqravated....i'm tryinq not to sweat the small stuff but i quess i am 
im soooo bored  aggggggg i hate being bored
I'm soooo bored its soooo early and hosea and janet r already sleep! 
i'm soooo bored, hate sundays, nowhere to go n nothing to do 
I'm soooo cold 
I'm Soooo cold!! Cleaned the pool out today water 72 and it was windy 
I'm soooo excited about my trip to visit my sister, its gonna be awesome! but also i'm a little sad about not seeing my man for 16 days 
I'm soooo fkn pissed right now. My sister has once again proven to be unreliable. 
Im soooo hungry and lunch is 20 mins away 
I'm soooo hungry for a home cooked meal! I won't get one tonight. So I'll have to settle for take out.   what should I order???
I'm soooo hungry!!! And all I see is McDonalds.   I guess I'll be having a Two Cheeseburger meal for lunch.
I was doing so well on just 4 hrs of sleep...but I'm starting to feel defeated  showered, fed (well a snack) and sleepy! time for a nap.
I was dressed to go to church but no one came to pick me up  ... Maybe I'll go tonight...
I was drug-free for 2 months. I was proud. But now, cause of all the pb on my life I need to take drugs again  Life sucks
I was drunk ... and I'm ashamed of it ... 
I was eating bread this morning really fast 'cause I was so hungry and I bit my finger  I'm such a Hannibal Lecter.
I was excited about @OxygenRadio there for a moment, a purely online radio station that sounds proffesional, then I hear GCAP VO's -ouch- 
I was excited about my first @cremebruleecart experience!  Alas, he's not serving this eve 
I was excited for my old home town when I saw DC Metro was a trending topic. then I found out why. that's unfortunate.    #DC #TakomaPark
i was experiencing some errors with my safari 4.0 so had to delete the safari folder from my app data - redoing bookmarks is not fun 
I was explosively frustrated just a few minutes ago. I'm glad nothing breakable was nearby... 
I was extremly wrong nothing has or will change 
I was feeling bullish (or stupid) by installing Windows 7 RC on my desktop.  .NET ClickOnce does not work now.  So no Blu 
I was feeling fairly awesome until I opened my electric bill. 
I was forced to go to a algebra summer class and I do good in math I was randomly chosen lucky me  :'(
i was fugly on thursday nite 
i was getting like 10 followers a day on old username, now its 1 a day if im lucky  I cant find anyone with my interests &gt;.&lt;
I was getting to slp wen I tot of Mauritius. I've always wanted to go der. e package is 10k per person. bf ask me 2 go alone. 
i was goin 2 welcome my 160th follower, only 2 find it was filthy spam..although 'MyExoticFriend' does sound appealing, we cant b friends 
I was going through my phone and saw a picture of Jamie. God I miss her. 
i was going to be on the honer roll but cuz of a couple of projects i won't be  lets hope i can make it throught next year
I was going to blog pics &amp; spam for awhile but Dad is making me miserable so I have to go  I’m going to get... http://tumblr.com/xea22aa9y
i WAS going to disney world in 2 wks...but thats scrapped 
I was going to do a shoutout to the 500th person to follow me. But, I found it to be one of those I will get you 10,000 followers people. 
I was going to film a short film today but I couldn't get hold of @MichaelXD and I have a headache as well 
I was going to fix me another sandwich but, I just remember I ate all of the meat early and the bread. Now, I'm just here hungry. FML 
i was going to fry chips then realized i dont have cooking oil ughhhh 
I'm soooo hungry. Cooking rice-a-roni but it's taking a looong time.  This is why you shouldn't wait until your starving to start cooking.
i'm soooo over job hunting  why can't i just in the lotto?????
I'm soooo pissed I dropped my brand new fucking phone in a cup of liquor. AT&amp;T Fuze, I hardly knew ye... 
I'm soooo pissed that I missed v factory's show tonight  CURSE YOU LATE NIGHT WORK!!!!
im soooo sad i did not sleeeep yet i have to work after 2 hrs 
im soooo sick, and i have a studio session in an hour and a half  gotta lay these vocals!
I'm soooo sleepy  but I'm not a home just yet
I'm soooo sore right now  This better ease off in a couple of days! Stretching isnt even helping!
i'm soooo tired  listening to Gabeeee.. and my dad's snoring :[ drove out a little past honolua earlier today. then. hung out at flemings.
I'm soooo tired, hubby is sick and has kept me awake for two nights ..... I need some sleeeeeep   Off to bed now
I'm soooo wide awake right now! I don't want to go back to sleep cause I know I'll wake up tired! 
I'm sooooo fuckin pissed...I had a horrible night 
I'm sooooo hungry need lunch!!! Can't leave the office at the moment though cuz there's no1 else here  guess I'll just have to tweet 4 a b
I'm sooooo sorry Taylor...I love you on the radio and you're adorable, but sheesh, LIVE singing is not your specialty! 
im sooooo starving but i dont feel like cooking and im to lazy to drive any where! 
I'm sooooo tired but i can't get to sleep 
im sooooo tirredddd.  i fucking hate exams, im gunna failllllll
i'm soooooo bored at the moment. figuring ways to enjoy the next 2 hours. 
I'm soooooo going to get a speeding ticket  my poor car being pushed to it's limits LOL
I'm soooooo sad, hurt, and i ache all over, 
i'm soooooo sad.  I miss my best fren. Those stupid gossips and rumors really torned apart.....i'm so downnnnn.... :&quot;((
Im soooooo sun burnt its shocking im in agony! 
I'm soooooooo bored!!! It sucks!!!! 
Im soooooooo damn hungry!! wat 2 eat?? 
im sooooooooo bored;im waiting for the english dub for TMoHS but it WILL take a LOOOOOOOOOOOOONG time 
im sooooooooo happy school is out!!! wohoo!!!!! yeah summer!!!!! lol im just a little excited. but i will miss all of my friends. 
I'm sooooooooo sad  its over 4 jon&amp;kate..damn! I'm gonna miss kate cussin jon out 4 no reason..lol
I was going to go to yoga but found that my black cat had been hit by a car when I went outside. RIP Beavis Feb 2007-June 2009 
I was going to ride a segway today. Stupid rain ruined my plans! 
I was going to try to make the video, but I've found out that because my computer is so old, it can handle the recording program 
I was going to watch the end of the Mariners game (I have a thing for Kenji Jojima), but it's over already 
I was gonna enter the lottery for football tickets but its freaking $70 which i dont have.  Today is going down hill. Watching bones now..
I was gonna get off at 230 2day. Just found out I'm stayin til 630 
i was gonna go live tonight but my webcam is broke 
I was gonna go out clubbing untill I remembered I have no friends 
I was gonna go to Guernsey today, but it doesn't look like the Queen Victoria has anchored near St Peter Port. Darn 
I was gonna put it on my website but it won't fit, it goes out of the little line things and don't look right 
i was gonna say &quot;i think i like babies more than ppl&quot; but then he started crying and i couldnt hear the movie 
I was gonna say Twilight but my computer stalled on me 
I was gonna try to stay awake until he got up, but I'm not sure I can do it... 
I was gonna twitpic one but my camera battery is dead..and its 2 blurry on the sidekick camera 
I was gonna watch UP but my mom got a headache  at justin's instead!
I was gunna go grocery shopping, but now my stomach hurtss. 
I was happily sunbathing in the pool and my brothers JUMPED IN. It went VERYWHEREIt was FREEZING. 
I was having a fight by msn with my boyfriend.. 
I was having so much fun as well. 
I was here. #3words @Fly11 told me once AFTER she left NYC. 
I was home last weekend &amp; turned it on, all I got was soft rock bs ---&gt; @CaliFTW: 106.5 kwod turned into a 90's music station? I'm sad. 
I was home sick today.  
I was hoping ABC will pick up &quot;king of the hill&quot; but they said no 
I was hoping for a really big thunderstorm. I ended up with a few rumbles. 
I'm sooooooooo so so so so so sooooooo beyond jealous that Mackenzie gets to see @tyronewells in Kentucky on Friday!!!!   
im sooooooooo tired, but i cant sleep 
i'm soooooooooo exhausted. 
i'm sooooooooooooo confused 
I'm sore.  damn 90 pound cement bags
I'm sorry  I've been called bossy by u twice in 24hrs .... @jennday
I'm sorry @ddlovato . When people lose their voice they just don't talk for a few days.. Sorry 
i'm sorry @DuskAndSummer !  forgive my face.  next time! i promise. &lt;|3
i'm sorry @ror1986 but boys are in the bad books again 
I'm sorry Aiden. I really am. I love you 
im sorry broke yu stapler  ~moment of silence.....I love Ebay
I'm sorry but I really don't find it amusing when someone makes a &quot;hilariously funny&quot; allegory about rape. Time 2 get offline methinks. 
I'm sorry but those engine thingies freak me out  big machinery scares me in general.
I'm sorry Chattanooga... You're just not my favorite city  I don't hate you by any means, but I like Nashville way better
I'm sorry for all those fans who will not be able to be NKOTB because of the cancelled shows 
I'm sorry for Australian sisters! 
im sorry for cassie is Mad pretty but she neeeds to shut her mouth she can't sing never ever could sorry  dnt cry cass I love u girl lol
im sorry for people that don't follow that many folk and i fill their page thing :| just for tonight! i need to clear my page of @replies 
IM SORRY FOR SPAMMING ALL OF YOU LAST NIGHT, I REALLY AM! 
I'm sorry for your loss 
I'm sorry guys  I'm a fucking idiot tgat fell asleep again. Is anyone there? I tried to stay awake for Natasha. D:
I'm sorry guys, i suck! 
I'm sorry I haven't twittered in a while...My Grandma just past away, I haven't felt much like doing anything really 
im sorry i jinxed the streak  http://www.trufancolorado.blogspot.com  my official apology to the Rockies and the fans.
I'm sorry I made you miss raw 
Im sorry I missed out on the Post Secret/Hope Line Fund Raiser. 
im sorry if i ever moaned about  my job. restaurant is way worse.my feet kill 
I'm sorry if I'm overreacting on things lately but it's just that you haven't been much of a friend these days...  Sorrryyyy
I'm sorry I'm such a horrible person... Grounded till Monday. Leaving on Tuesday  Tweet 'cha all laterz
i was hoping for Bug OR Wilson tomorrow night   (PhishTube Broadcast live &gt; http://ustre.am/2j0r)
i was hoping mom was going to cut into the watermelon but she opted not to sad face 
I was hoping that I wouldn't have to turn the AC on today, but man it is getting warm in here 
I was hoping to have sum cool vid of my nephew 2 show U, but every time I go near him he shuts his eyes &amp; pretends 2 zzz. 
I was hoping to see a Brawn lapping a Brawn  #f1
I was humbled by the fact that an old woman had to help me down the path. She was probably in her 70's. 
I was in footoperation yesterday. I can't walk 
i was in goals yesterday and when i saved the ball my hand bent back omg its sooo painful right now 
I was in Mosouri last weekend and came back to school for a Brewer Game! they lost 
i was in school to day doin me leavin 
I was in such a good mood today until one of my friends ruined it for me  now im mad at her
I was in the backyard for only an hour but in that hour i turned into total bug food  owww
I Was In The Club For Literally 7 Mins...But We Got In For Free Tho...So Im Not Trippin...Shayla Clearly Didnt Wait for Me Tho  !
I was in the credits too, by the way but haven't had any stalkers yet 
I was in the sun all day. Now I have &quot;coon eyes&quot;.Vans thinks its hilarious..!!  
I was involved in my first proper emergency today! Also gutted that Shaun Smith didn't win Britains Got Talent  x
I was just @ AT&amp;T store checking prices... like I don't already know.. but just bored I guess. 
I was just about to say my sister @Dangerous_T won't let ya hurt me like that and then she post that bullshit... no love...  lol
i was just chasing my dog around my backyard and now i'm all itchy from the grass! 
I was just coughing for 10 minutes straight. I hate smokers cough! I wish I could find a way to get rid of it. 
I was just informed by my son that he will most definitely not be walking across the stage for his college graduation..I am devastated.. 
I was just informed that there will be no service up north... No Twitter for a few days 
i was just jokin wit the rasheeda name.now people callin me weird n shit geeez lol.cant joke on twitter no more  lmao
im sorry mommy 
I'm sorry nintendo but u get a 6 out of 10 
I'm sorry self 
I'm sorry to complain but why does this have to torture me so.  why can't things just be easy.
i'm sorry to hear that @superboi..  di kaya insecure yang kapatid mo? inggit sayo. kaya ka niya linalait..
I'm sorry to hear that. 
Im sorry we're not going to make it... I'm not really feeling it and lj doesnt really want to go... Sorry 
I'm sorry why haven't u called  back
Im sorry your annoyed 
I'm sorry! Disguard all I just said. ...........   http://myloc.me/3Z1e
I'm sorry! I meant she was shot standing by her father...I can't think clearly now. 
i'm sorry, i can't be perfect... 
I'm sorry, I can't hear you I have a Hayley and a Gwen in my ears! Sick as a dog in bed. 
im sorry, i didnt mean 2 
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. 
I'm sorry, it was planned before you and I started talking about going away  I'd much rather go with you, though!
I'm sorry, Stomach. I'll try to feed you better in the future, don't be mad.  Please to be sending happy endorphins to Brain now?
Im sorry, u know who u r, 
I'm sorry. That was mean! 
I'm sorryyyy @eatnoevil I wish was not od but I had to 
I'm sorta sad about Annie, still. She wants an abortion 
I'm soRy everyone I feel like shit... 
Im spending another boring day at college. Its too sunny and  warm to sit in here I want to hit the beach.  x
I'm spending the whole Sunday at home with my family...(and my flue) 
I'm srsly going to miss all the seniors. like, I never would have thought i'd be saying that. devan, crook, riley, deb.. &lt;3 
I'm sry I did that to you. I didn't mean to make you feel so bleah. 
I'm sry I didn't that to you. I didn't mean to make you feel so bleah. 
I'm standing here but you don't see me, give it all of that to change, and I don't want to leave him, don't wanna let him go 
Im standing inj the rain and cars are passing by getting me sucked. 
I'm staring at my prom dress and I miss it... I want to wear it again.  I want to have another 'im pretty' day like Thursday. boohoo
Im staring at the window wishing you'd be passing by, all i see is shadows as the memories pass me by 
im staring outside my window.. 4 minutes til 5 (in the morning). the sun use to rise around 4 during summer.. now its at 6  summer days..
Im startin to miss her alot 
i'm starting not to feel well..huhuhu...yikes i don't want to get sick. 
is in 5mph rush hour  traffic on the 60 
is in a battle with Corporate Finance, screw investments, bonds, stocks, and their decisions 
is in a Communications class with a bunch of undergrads that is gonna cost me $2,000 for 20 days of class. FML. 
is in a crisis. left a hard disk at uni. must do a pit stop before airport 
is in a funk. I need a distraction 2 pull me out of it.     
is in a lesson at school 
Is in a lot of pain with her nose and lip 
Is in a lot of pain. 
Is in a mood 
is in a mood  its thundering and lightning on a fridayv night whyyy !!!!  i was supposed to be going out as well  
is in a mood because her future is going nowhere 
is in a proper shitty mood 
is in a serious battle with her sinuses!! i fully intend to win, but they are putting up quite a good fight. 
Is in a situation that I don't really want to be in. 
is in alaska. its so frkn cold. 
is in alot of pain rite now... 
Is in Auckland. But I can't check into my room till 1pm. Six hours from now  I wonder what the kiwis have going on at 7 in the morning...
Is in bed and really doesn't want to get up 
is in bed at 3pm on a sunny afternoon, why!? My belly hurts 
is in bed not feeling well! not wanting to go to work 
Is in bed with her cousins!! Not looking forward to work at 1:00 
is in bed with the cold booo 
is in business. Why do we have exams when the weather is so nice? 
im starting to be a twitter addict. 
i'm starting to become more depressed...  wut shud i do now?? my iPod is frozen...  all my precious music... frozen...
Im starting to feel better. My fever broke so.. that makes all the difference. Sure am bored of just being home in bed though 
I'm starting to feel the effects of donating blood  I need to go home
I'm starting to get sick  Better be able to make it through graduation tomorrow.
im starting to hate - matchu: i felt that way a couple of weeks ago, it’s sad  http://tumblr.com/xlw1y8ynl
i'm starting to hate this teacher!! ughhh! 
I'm starting to have panda eyes 
I'm starting to like it... 
I'm starting to miss all the wonderful things we did during the trip. 
I'm starting to miss my old friends 
im starting to pack my things for in a few days time, ill be leaving pagadian city.  too sad.
i'm starting to realise that the coverage for 3G on my network is really rather poor 
im starting to realize that i am terrified of college. 
I'm starting to realize that my days in Colorado are numbered. 
Im starting to rethink my &quot;I cant stand cold places&quot; stance..this heat, humidity is unbearable &amp; i cant stand the ac no more  #meltingaway
Im starting to think it's time for bed but trying to fall asleep is so tedious 
I'm starting to think maybe I should find me a new dream...It's beginning to sink in that music's just not gonna happen for me  So many...
Im starting to think someone kidnapped my girlfriend....I cant find her anywhere. 
I'm starting to think that @babysmith likes keeping me on my toes. Doc says &quot;no progress&quot; this week... 
I'm starting to think the surgery idea for my heel spurs would be A+ but money  and time off of work 
I'm starting to worry that I'm bad luck. The Phillies have lost every game I've ever seen in person. 
I'm STARVIN!!!  but I missed bfast at Chik-fil-a!!! What the cluckkkkkk!!! :p
i'm starvin... got to stick to the bikini diet tho 
I'm starving *ughh, however consuming food this late=no good 
i'm starving , eat too much candy 
I was just kidding about that bed thing guys  I AM tired...but I think im goin NOW because its over  I'll see the pics/videos tommorow!
I was just on bing and my computer crashed 
I was just on FOD but I only see the picture of David on stage. 
I was just re-affirmed that my body doesn't like tequila  Bored in need of entertainment come on twitterverse
I was just refered to as the &quot;runt&quot; of my family...never thought of it that way 
I was just rick-rolled.  
I was just sick 
i was just soo happy yesterday.. now i wake up disappointed 
I was just trying to grab a 2 liter off the high shelf and I dropped it on my face. Ouch 
I was just walking in the stat and I see a ride I want to get in 2000 never  http://twitpic.com/84eb0
I was just watching &quot;Space Jam&quot; &amp; it almost made me cry!!!! I love Kobe but I miss the Michael Jordan days 
I was kidding baby. 
I was kinda looking forward to seeing Seann William Scott in the office today 
I was like a physco scanning every Metro I could find  while pretending to look subtle!!! but no Golden Ticket 
I was like, &quot;Man, it's dark in here!&quot; ...didn't notice the tarp over the skylight 
I was listening to @RyanSeacrest 's Roses this morning. It makes me not believe in love 
I was looking at Jeannie's mcc2 pics and almost cried 
I was looking for the CMT Awards, but I couldn't find them.  Were they on next Tuesday?  I hope I didn't miss them. 
I was looking forward to greek all week and then missed it 
i was looking forward to my carrots but they taste like dirt 
I was looking forward to seeing @PapaRoach in Raleigh (fan for 10 years NB too) but scalpers took the tix and sell them for $200  morons
i was lyk yay im tanned..theni realised it was the glasse  lol
I was making pancakes and the oil splashed.  Now there's a burnt spot on my arm that's tiny but painful.
I'm starving :| No food in our house. NONE. I want to eat my sister's taho but I can't. 
i'm starving and my teriyaki smells so yum!--but oh please 90 minutes left 
I'm starving and there's nothing I want to eat. 
im starving and we have nothing to eat in the house.   
I'm starving but refuse to feed myself this Mother's Day. Where's my breakfast in bed 
I'm starving! @ Jack N Box now! Sooooooo tired 
I'm starving! And of course the toaster oven is broke and the pizza I brought for dinner can't be cooked in the microwave 
I'm starving!! This diet is killing me but I can't eat after 8pm 
i'm starving, but i need to lose some weight 
I'm starving. My sandwich and apple at lunch sure didn't fill me up. 
Im stating up as late as humanly possible, since its the last time I can for a week 
Im staying home sick for the first time this school year.... 
I'm staying inside for the next few days...don't want the DEC to tranq/kill me while I'm sleeping 
Im staying up as late as humanly possible, since its the last time I can for a week 
Im stepping forward in january. im sorry guys 
i'm stiilll really bored 
im stil lonely 
I'm still a bit bummed that I failed @ fried rice last night. I've disgraced an ancient asian recipe; just don't tell my mom about it. 
I'm still a fan of Green Day, but their music is getting a little... i dunno... but its not as good to me 
I'm still a twitter noob 
im still at work and really tired 
I'm still at work on this dreadful Sunday after working all day Saturday as well.  
im still awake  someone come play with me!
im STILL AWAKE. im not tired... but my eyes are havin trouble focusing and im retouching 
I'm still bed dredding my day@work! I'm also suppose 2 sing evry Sun@my church! I wanna sing....  
I'm still bummed at twitter. All the avatars of the people I follow don't show on my side bar. 
I'm still confused. I don't get Twitter. 
im still coughing 
im still disapointed about my maths results. 
im still disappointed with you.  and still, busy thinking of you as well...
I'm still enjoying paradise but I had to reject a marriage proposal  Why do men always try to rush into that with me? Dinner was wonderful
I'm still feeling the effect from the brownies I had last night 
I'm still feeling under the weather 
I'm still freaking out over the prank my girl just pulled on me. 
is in chinese watching a movie...... AGAIN!!! 
Is in classssss 
is in Concord, sick at M&amp;D's house while everyone else is at church. 
is in conference calls for the rest of his natural life 
Is in desperate need of a hug.  
is in dire need of a coffee! - push on, push on! 
is in dying need of new skates 
is in for a long evening...kiddo is not taking a nap today.  
is in Fresno.. 
Is in hangover county this mornin and is already in work 
Is in his own bed 2nite!  i already miss my man. 3days and 2nites at my bfs house. We had a great time. U make me the happiest ever. &lt;3 u
is in history 
is in history on her last day of school 
is in hongy kong and has very little money left.  is very sad!!!!!!!!!
is in hospital 2moro, fuckin wisdom teeth.... 
Is in Houston's rush our traffic!! Ugh 
is in ICT. 
Is in lake charles for an orthodontist appt. 
Is in LB and missed and misses @DavidArchie  Haha! Come back for Araneta, aight? 
is in lots of pain today.  
Is in louisiana and missing Jeff already. 
is in love with a New York Couture dress. but it's 120$ 
Is in love with the lovely man who works at St Pancras and who finally cut me a transport related break. Death by travel 
is in maths doing algebra!  so freakin boring
is in meetings for the whole day.... 
I'm still going! I was gonna give in and sleep, but now Madi is having a gallbladder attack!!!  
I'm still half asleep, and at dance 
I'm still hard at work 
I'm still hating my nails and the acetone is still evading me. Plus this download is STILL not finished. Bummer-full afternoon. 
im still having a hard time.  this just sucks. guess everything wasnt as perfect as i thought.
I'm still here and I need to sleep  so tired! I really hate chemistry!
I'm still here, all, I just have nothing to tweet about  I WANT GRILLED CHEESE, ACTUALLY.
I'm still hungryyyy..  should I ordered more sushi?! ( gimana bisa kuruuuuss!!!
I'm still ill   It's only when I sit down though.
im still im my PJ's and my stomach does not feel good right now  i should jump in the shower to wake me up though lol
I'm still in bed and I'm sick  Updates on www.ifuseekmusic.com later today..
im still in low spirits.. 
I'm still in pain 
I'm still in the hospital and feel like a hit-and-run victim today. Need more pain killers. 
I'm still in the hotel... But i have to go in a few hours  Everytime it hurts to leave berlin... But this time is so much harder
I'm still in the office. Overtime again. 
Im still irritated ......  
Im still lying in bed. So tired this week 
im still missing you... so much like u no have idea 
I'm still not a hundred percent well, and i have to cover someones shift tonight  Fingers crossed i will find a replacement.
Im still not feeling good either! 
I'm still not feeling very well. Why is it that recently i'm getting sick so often 
i'm still nott yet done with ironing clothes... i'm tired.. 
I'm still pale  Curse the Ginger gene :L
im still refreshing but NOTHING 
I'm still sad about that facebook quiz result.  I'm 0% girly. 
I'm still scanning the page for &quot;syndicated from The Onion&quot;. Not finding it. 
I'm still searching for a job in Tamworth and Sutton Coldfield. Nothing so far. 
Im still sick i still feel like shit  ugh!
im still sick.  got chills last night..but im a bit better now. hope to be okay by tomorrow.. *prays*
I'm still sick. So miserable 
I'm still sick...  why did i have to get this nasty pink eye! that's so gross.. my whole eye is red... 
im still sitting at home  we are about to goto the park i think bella could use the fresh air and matthew needs to get some energy out!
I'm still sleepy but have the dentist and it's my only day off until Sunday! 
I'm still sleepy but its too hot 
I'm still so bored...wanna go to Braunschweig but no one's time 
I'm still so cold and tired. 
I'm still so sleepy I wanna go back to bed 
I'm still so sleepy.  I just woke up. I'm falling asleep again.
I'm still studying  I hope I do well on the tests..
i'm still suffering from jet lag! been waking up at twilight the past three mornings: 6am, 3am, 5am. 
I'm still super worried about him.....  I will definitely go to the hospital tomorrow.. I'll just get off work early....
i'm still tipsy....the Que's had ugly strippers tho lol. NO FUN! ahh oh well. and i miss him 
I'm still trying to figure out if the people that laugh when I tell them I'm thinking about joining the ARMY b/c they think i'm kidding. 
im still up doing a paper for history, ugh 
IM STILL UP. but now cpd is gone.     
I'm still upset over what the neighbor said about Corky's barking.. He's such a good boy.. Barking is his only naughty pleasure 
Im still v.v.v.v bored,at 1:58am..in bed...in London..bored.. and ive still got revision 2 do  20days till 1st exam, goodness me! luv u!x
I'm still very sick  but working 11-8 anyways.
I'm still waiting to find out what #caca stands for - hoping it's not what I think it is since you #follow me for #caca. 
I'm still waiting. No news from him 
I'm still wanting an invitation for The Wandering Alchemist! Who can get me to view her blog? I miss it 
I'm STILL wide awake..clearly I've had way too much Dr. Pepper today!  Donnie McClurkin song on the radio that I haven't heard in so long!
I'm still without a twitter avatar 
Im still Working  http://twitpic.com/87678
I'm still working, I'm starving and my undies were giving me a wedgie. This is not a good Friday night. 
im stillllllll drunk  ehhhhhhh its been 24 hours and IM STILL DRUNKKKKK omg, save me
I was napping and now I'm still tired 
I was nice &amp; let Whiskers stay out last night. My reward: 530AM wakeup call! 
I was not hungry enough to eat all of that! Oh gosh... I think i am gonna hurl 
I was not made for early. 
I was offline for a week. don't feeling good. I'm sad. depressed mood, I never have luck with men.  what now? Its that the end?
I was ok with j givin our KY derby tickets away since we have men flyin in 2 c the boat, but Richard just called and said it was amazing 
I was on a train tonight and we got held up for about an hour we hit someone who was commiting suicide  It was a tragic death  R.I.P
I was on VAC for a week I wish I could have stayed, but back to the grind 
I was only dissapointed to see that it had not got one mention when looking down through the messages, just being honest 
I was only sorta kidding about the booze.... lol  can't get the good stuff today anyway.  
I was outbid by 50 cents on a dress i realllly wanted on ebay  im more dissapointed than i probably should be. It was so cute 
I was outside this morning and it smelled like camp... I was sad because I miss it 
I WAS PLANNING ON GOING TO THE BEACH BUT IT'S AN OVERCAST. MAYBE NEXT TIME, 
I was planning on scoping out some kickass snow leopards at the cp zoo before jaunting over to the Tito's vodka tweetup but not anymore 
I was playing too much at the pool and went to bed at 4 am  idk what I was doing.
I was pretty fucking gone tonight &gt;.&lt; you make it seem like I'm hella bugging you  .... Btw imy
I was pwning at chess, then BAM! I threw away my queen and lost... 
I was quite hopeful earlier when I saw the sun but it didn't want to hang around 
I was really hoping it didn't, but this rain is killing my day already 
I was really hoping Jon &amp; Kate would work it out!  Now I'm watching the Secret Life
I'm stranded at the train station  with no way of getting home. So much for finishing work early  when is my luck gona change?
I'm stresing do hard about exam tomorrow, scared I'm going to fail 
im stress eating. good god. this night isnt cute. at alllll.  
I'm stressed about this A'level 
I'm stressed and I don't know why 
I'm stressed by this A'level 
I'm stressing out for the ACT on wensday 
im stressing out omg finals and i havent studied yet  getting ready for school and eating some cheerios
i'm stresssssing about today!  
I'm struggling now. :s Going to update AviationWorld.aero but I can see it taking a few days. 
I'm struggling to keep my eyes open this morning 
I'm struggling to type this morning...maybe I'm still suffering from day-glo overload from Friday's 80's Fest 
I'm struggling today...Nola woke up at 3:30, so I'm running on no sleep. 
I'm stuck at work with what can only be described as food poisoning... 
I'm stuck at work...worried about my dad &amp; a little pissed that we won't find out if they need to do a bypass until AFTER they do it! 
I'm stuck for party ideas 
I'm stuck in an elevator right now. And I wish I was kidding 
im stuck in crowborough and i hate it  im at my mums work and its BORING
I'm stuck in traffic 
I'm stuck in traffic jam on the M4 
I'm stuck in work 
I'm studing 4 my food test 2morrow! 
I'm studyin' with Cris in the library... I'm exhausted... 
I'm studying accounting 4 tomorrows exam  !!
i'm studying and i do not have time for anything more! 
I'm studying. By default. Because my internet isn't working 
Im stuffed up too...dont know what im allergic to though.  
im stuffed..spagetti and meat balls...i ate too much 
Im stupid. Really really dumb. 
im such a bad cooker! 
im such a blonde...i was blowin dryin my hair and got it stuck in the blow dryer i thought i was gonna have to cut it 
I'm such a bloody soft cock. Used to be if i had an urge this strong to go for a ride, i'd just do it. Now i'm afraid it'll be too cold 
im such a clutz, ive managed to smudge my nail polish...twice 
I'm such a goober. I bought all 3 season's of David Carradine's Kung Fu series. I loved that guy. Silly grasshopper. What a way to die. 
I was really hoping that the Fedex guy would come around 11 so I could spend some time with my computer before work.  8.5 hours of hell.
I was really looking forward to donuts today since I didnt have any breakfast, but none showed up at work. 
I was really looking forward to the milkshake that is at the bottom of my car 
I was really lovin that movie soo much... Then he died! 
I was registerws in twitter 3 years ago, but it looks like it was with my old sun.com account and there is no way to recover it 
I was right to be sad ....I am probably losing my grandma today 
I was rite another wack uneventful nite....borde to fucking tears.....nite guys.....xoxo 
I was rubbing emmas butt thinking it was her face. 
I was rudely awakened by by phone 
I was sick for like 2 weeks  gluck
i was signing up for this job and my mom said i should hol' off on it 
I was sleeping and then woken up by other half  I'm sleepy! 
I was so close into entering Pogue 's book today &quot; World according to twitter&quot; , yet now I seem so far.!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I was so distracted by snow in June, I stepped on my kittys tail  I feel bad now
i was so excited because it said that we the kings were following me.. but it was just some stupid place for free ringtones 
I was so excited for the US OPEN but now I'm just left disappointed with shitty weather. 
I was so excited that it was Tuesday b/c that meant my 5 day started tonight at 10pm...then I realized it was Monday 
i was so happy to have finshed my 2 hour exam, was really annoyed when i got told that was only half of the exam!!! i think i might cry 
I was so hell bent on quittin t'row but a steak made me think I'd stick in some more... mayb this time it'll be different... yea sure 
I was so hoping 3.0 would have dropped while I was sleeping. But no it seems we all get it at the same time 
I was so sick yesterday. I'm glad I'm feeling a bit better for my flight to Orlando. Sad I missed the party though 
I was so so upset ystrday thts y no tweets 
I was so stupid, I took a little nap on the couch after work, Now I can`t sleep 
I was sooo close to not working out today.  I thin I'm going to drag myself to the gym right now though 
I was soooo close to beating Roscoe until I hit that 8ball in!!! 
I was SOOOoooo sick yesterday.  And I managed to sprain my good ankle. I'm so angry with myself.
is in memorial of my stupidest and cutiest dog, Enduth, who'd RIP on 2 June 1997. it's been 12 yrs that i don't have a dog 
is in Meridian and is thinking this has not been my week at all 
Is in misery. It's too hot to sleep and the pollen is killing me. But I can't shut the window because it's too hot 
is in mourning.  My Cell phone went for an unplanned swim tonight!  Ahhh!!  I now have it buried in uncooked rice.  I hear that helps.  
is in music and hating it 
Is in my car outside off work 
Is in need of a full body massage. Carrying subwoofers hurts afterward  praying for a rained out showwww
is in need of a good song to sort out her life!!!!!! *bleh* 
is in need of a lot ... and a lot ... and a lot ... and a lot of ... coffee 
is in need of a massage.. my neck feels so sourish sore! 
Is in need of a new car...it's going to be time toi say goodbye to this one soon 
is in need of a new topcoat. the one i have is getting GOOPY.  any suggestions for a new one or how to keep it from getting goopy?
is in need of cheering up  
is in need of friends 
is in need ov some love  x
Is in newport for my bros bday but headed back to work tomorrow 
is in no mood to attend college tomorrow...and she still has to finish her Psychology Assignment  It does not seem so easy anymore!!
is in Obergartzem/Euskirchen. Yesterday in Maastricht -&gt; nice city with a many nice sneaker shops. But no money so far 
is in Orlando and sad that the Virgin Megastore is closed 
is in pain 
is in pain and at wrk....ugh today sucks 
is in pain and cant sleep... 
is in pain, i am cursing my irish heritage right about now. SUNBURNT 
Is in pain, just wanna curl up with a hot water bottle but no chance of that  
is in pain. 
is in pain. Her eyes itch &amp; her fianc� is allergic to the cat.  
is in pain..... awwwww...... 
is in sc and i miss her very very much. and i need someone to rant to about annoying people fhagdjk come hooome. 
is in school  bored as usual!
i'm such a mess when i'm drunk  booooooo too tired to not have a lie in til monday damn
Im Such a Nerd ..Actually Going to See Trans 2 Tonight or should I Say Morning lol...Glad about that but Sad about another 
I'm such a pessimistic this year 
I'm such a wimp  I hate sleeping in my bed for the first time alone after I move it around... -shakes-
im such a workaholiccccc  haha txtt
I'm such an asshole 
I'm such an idiot! Thinking it was gonna be in the 60s and rainy I wore a sweater 2day. Its really gonna be 90 degrees....FML 
i'm such an idiot.. my phone ran outta bat during the night and i therefore missed my alarms and Marks attempts to get me up..  
I'm suffering from biceps envy 
I'm sunburned from head to toe.  
I'm sunburned!!  Wish I hadn't forgotten my sunscreen today!
im sunburnt  but happy coz new moon trailer looks epic &lt;3
Im super addicted to Speed Rail Spin class. I am already sad that there isn't one tomorrow 
I'm super bummed that they didn't have any post cards left at the Hershey's factory!  sad face for sure! &lt;/3
im super bummed! i was too late to the marc jacobs online sale!!! nooooooooo!!! 
Im super de-duper happy with my love &amp;&amp; cant help myself...hes the most amazing man Ive ever met &amp;&amp; I miss the boys already 
I'm super depressed right now... my life sucks 
im super depressed! piano teacher suggested me to NOT take abrsm and take trinity instead. just proves im soo not up to the mark! 
I'm super duper weeet !! attending a birthday party with wet tees,wet jeans, wet heels, and wet hair!! 
I'm super embarrassed to have anything in common with Spencer Pratt 
i'm super excited for the wedding of @beckychustz and @allenbattles 2moro...WooHoooooo. all i need is a dress 
i'm super fed up with your PUT*NG IN*NG kacheapan at pagkasquatter. Still sick 
I'm super hungry 
I'm super hungry! Waiting for my biotch to feed me. 
I'm super hungry!!! but its too late 2 eat 
i'm super mad right now! my old computer wont work   that means no computer for me. this really sucks!
I'm super really hot. 
I'm super sad Danny was sent home tonight 
I'm super sick  losing my voice and can't stop sneezing!
I was starting to feel better. Now? Not so much. 
I was starting to have fun too 
I was suppose to accompany dad to Finland for his official tour today. But didn't 
I was suppose to be wathcing transformers but I had to give up the ticket to clean my rom for tom  FML
I was supposed to be going out of town this weekend, but i don't think its gonna happen now 
I was supposed to be running the Edinburgh marathon today but injury forced me out  Wish I was doing it. Sulking now.
I was supposed to go out on the &quot;Yacht&quot; today  its not lookin to good tho, this rain and clouds needs to get up out my FACE with this ish
I was supposed to make my famous creamy bacon pizza but we didn't have crème fraîche 
I was supposed to model for a new line of corparate clothing this morning but SL issues cancelled the show 
I was supposed to register so I can vote but Comelec was closed.  Hassle.
I was supposed to see Leon Jackson in Aberdeen tonight....gutted 
I was taking my dishes out of the washer, and i cut myself....it hurts so bad! 
i was talking about you with Mikey and how i missed you today  @peeluh. But fine! Just talk to Wynter!
I was talking to some guy for like 30 seconds outside of my classroom before i realised he had headphones in and couldn't hear me 
i was tested 4 glandular fever  wont know until thursday 
I was testing TwitPic! WTF. I have to put the tweet in the subject box. My phone only allows like 30 characters in Subject box. 
I was texting and didn't hear the man say apply pressure so I could text @allykae and I spurted blood! Then he yelled  only me. Ahaha.
I was the blue  lol http://twitpic.com/67zgz
i was thinking about where to go. Uhh, nowhere else. just home. MAKEMEHAPPY 
I was thinking the same thing@KatelynD: &quot;I'm not sure I could ever sing that song if I was him.  rb[@wednesda... ♫ http://blip.fm/~7q34r
i was tired at 10:30, it is now 1:21, and im still not in bed. damn that addictive msn and facebook. technology wins another battle 
I was told i would lose on cash cab cuz i don't know the villan from lion king 
Is in serious pain. 
is in shock! 
is in shock!! 
is in so much pain! I can't even wear nice summer clothes and can't enjoy the summer sun anymore 
is in soo much pain i think i have a broken toe 
is in spanish  boring!
is in study hall now, and i will log off immediately.  http://plurk.com/p/mzxbg
is in sunny London, but have left my sunglasses at home 
is in the airport .. going home 
is in the costco freezer... so cold 
is in the costume shop cleaning and STARVING. Bring me food???   
is in the county courthouse waiting to see if I am selected for jury duty. What fun! 
Is in the hospital. 
is in the library bored out of my brains, trying to write my essay whilst building work is going on...hmm 
is in the library with erin...no muffins 
is in the library with Nat and we are so bored. And and and no one can save us. 
is in the library......bad times 
is in the middle of uploading new pics on Facebook and Myspace. Saw &quot;Terminator&quot; last night and was disappointed. Missing story line.  
is in the mood for a party, but instead I'm going to a meeting 
is in the need of the rev 
is in the office all alone all day 
is in the office doing some marking and grading. 
i was told twice in one day that i talked too much, one by *tentman* and the other by @mikediesel. so today i'm keeping it cute lol 
I was trying to find a real picture of me to put on here, but I am hopeless  no good pictures........ *sighs unhappily*
I was trying to keep an open mind regarding the Iranian election, but that speech was so typical and depressing.  
I was up at 5:30am today and still didn't get McDonald's breakfast 
I WAS UP LATE LAST NIGHT  not possibly thats a must, remember what i told you i will be very upset if you leave without saying goodbye ...
I was using the G5 tonight to add some album cover art to the music library, and it shut down. That electrical smell...doesn't power on. 
I was very unsatisfied with Ubisoft's conference... Assassin's Creed @ the very end and no Beyond Good &amp; Evil 2. 
I was very wrong in my tweet about the new Skillet album-it comes out in 2 MONTHS and 2 days 
i was walking around the house with a blanket wrapped around me and my mom said I looked stupid 
I was watching diamond demos on MLB Network - that's some really interesting stuff. I'm about to go back to bed now. I couldn't sleep. 
i was watching house when seda and josefine came disturbing me. bastards  http://tinyurl.com/qw4ltc
I was watering my garden, I got wet  and now I have to change, hahaha!
I was way too nervous at my job interview, think i might have fuddled it.... 
i was woken up and i wasn't able to fall back asleep . I hate that feeling !! .  
I was woken up by my mom. now i cant get to sleep. 
I was woken up from a deep sleep just to be let go for Mad Max.  Not happy. And now, i can not sleep! 
I was wondering why my spaghetti is taking so long to cook...maybe if I had the right hotplate on!! I am not australia's next masterchef 
I was wondering why Pixar was a trending topic - after investigating, I feel like I have to cry...      #pixar http://bit.ly/2X385Z
i was wrong all along 
im super sick and I dnt like it 
I'm super sick and I'm at work   I feel like I'm about to pass out 
I'm super sleepy, but I'm not ready to sleep yet. My feeet hurt. 
I'm super sunburned.  sunburnt? whatever. same difference.
I'm super tired of my group mates! Oh man! One forever playing L4D! The other just keeps bossing. God help!  - http://tweet.sg
Im super tired! Argh... I hate having to work 
Im superrr tired this morning  I want breakfast!
Im suppeerr duper bored! 
I'm suppose to be working on my book. . .but i'm not motivated. . 
I'm suppose to get up to go find sumthin to wear tomorrow but I can't get up 
I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts. 
im supposed to be napping...im not, but unfortunately, my hubbie is 
I'm supposed to be packing.......  
I'm supposed to go and play a match, but I'm sick 
IM SUPPOSED TO GO OUT AND WHERE IS MY VASELINE!!  THIS IS NOT FUN ... ... .... ......... 
I'm supposed to have a picnic lunch at Parc Floral and this morning, bang! hayfever harshly knocking at my nose. That is so lame! 
I'm supposed to practice Fireworks, but Facebook has kittens and quizzes  Maybe just one more...
I'm sure dinner was delicious but I'm so blocked up, I couldn't taste it 
I'm sure my parents are missing their first grandchild already....Really quiet here at home...Missing them also 
I'm sure 'Rosemary's Baby' is a fantastic movie, but I was ready to get scurred. It did not scare me, and thus I viewed it unfavourably. 
Im suree ill be up though, just the fact my body would make me  just readyy to take 3hour summer morinin showers AGAIN!
I'm surround by mini Patrick Dempsy's from Outbreak.. 
I'm swamped with work! And I have to rush to a wedding reception after work. 
I'm sweating like crazy... took some pills against the headache...hope I recover soon... urh... so annoying 
I'm taking a twitter break. Cell is dying 
I was wrong! The Sun is not shinning! It was the light on in my room! haha! It's raining here!!  And cold and WINDY!!! LOL
i wasn't able to buy my new sim 
I wasn't able to watch the game.. 
I wasn't around for the twitter spam '09 of ontd. 
I wasn't asleep for THAT long why do i have thirty texts? 
I wasn't drinking to get drunk, I just wanted my cells to find someting else to do besides kill my stomach @SweetKellen. It didn't work 
i wasnt even aware of a star wars day...and here i thought i was a true fan 
I wasn't even home an hour before I got in a massive fight with my parents. It will be a long two months... and I could really use a hug 
I wasn't even in the mood to shop yesterday and also Da Vinci Code sucked ASS.
I wasn't even in WeHo for 5 min and some guy smacked me in the face...I was on my cell and it few out of my hand and split. My poor nose. 
i wasn't fully asleep and now it started to thunder and lightning - this might take awhile, 
I wasn't paying attention to Twitter &amp; Jess didn't say anything about her brother. Now I feel bad for not asking if something was wrong. 
i wasted all my downloads and now my internet is slow untill 2:00am 
I wasted several hours playing Emogame and Emogame 2 again today. I didn't even finish. 
I watch School Days and i feel a little bit like Itou... I'm miss for him... 
I watch the movie 17 again is so cool zac is great actor jaja but i bored in the final . 
i watched 3 episodes of gossipgirl &amp; then the site told me id used up my mins &amp; had to wait 54 mins before i could watch any more 
I watched a dog get hit by a semi truck on I-90 tonight...  It was sad! He jumped out of a moving truck when the guy pulled over!
is in the park with Laura having lunch! Time to go back to work though 
is in the school...now I become my german school task 
Is in the way to come to south of France; &quot;Sète&quot; its gonna be boring. 
is in time out. he chewed on mommy's picture frame 
is in to hour number 4 of the football marathon 
is in Tunisia..sat in front of a Sun ULTRA-5 workstation 
Is in utter shock and speech less from an email I just received at work      Wow!
is in wellington. it's cold  and im jet lagged. but am going to town in a bit for lunch &amp; the beach!
Is in work  on sunday there should be a law against this !!
is in work an the sun is shinningn outside 
is inabutan ng cut off.  http://plurk.com/p/11ldim
is independent; don't need no help, the only help i need is from the good lord; realized i fucked up my life  [tryna maintain fuckers]
is inggit. she was kissed by my crushie 
Is inlove with my VACATION!!! Too bad it only last a week 
is insanely happy that her body finally got used to the doxycycline, for she'd go insane if she had to spend another 2 weeks feeling dead 
is insecure cause his antivirus just expired. 
Is inside out of the rain 
is inside working while wife &amp; kids have fun in the sun 
is Ironing 
is ironing on her day off 
is irritable.  This cold better go away today.  
is is back after 1 day of not checking her accounts (karma down.so saad)  http://plurk.com/p/12ptlc
is is watching AI replay. Bye Danny Gokey.  and good luck to Kris and Adam.  http://plurk.com/p/trgqj
Is it 12:30 yet?!....Im starving! 
Is it 4:30 yet? 
is it 6:00 yet ??? 
Is it 7 o'clock yet? Ughh, sooo tired. I wanna go home and sleep. I think I'm getting sick. 
is it bad that i constantly have to stop myself from sayin' &quot;YA'LL?&quot; i wannnnna use it 24/7 
is it bad that i keep going into read-only mode on twitter?  and even then, i don't spend enough time reading?
Is it bad that i miss revision im sooooo bored lol got till september off 
is it bad that i wish i could just skip french until the final? because, really. i used to love and now it's just 
Is it bad, that i feel bad, when i shouldnt? everybody told me not to feel upset. but i cant help it. 
Is it better to proof read emails before hitting send or not reading an email after you have hit send? Both? Beating myself over an email 
Is it corny to cry over wall-e....cuz I did  lol
Is it cuz of the contest??? I hope they won't unsub when it's over 
Is it done? I hope so. My Sunday is now gone. 
is it even possible to be this bored.. 
is it even possible to go from vista to xp without having to format everything? im such a n00b 
is it even right to be greeted by a LOUD lady screaming at you for no right reason? and by the way.. i just woked up to that! 
is it ever ok to cry when you fall over running for the bus and cut your knees and hand to pieces?  
Is it football season yet? 
is it Friday already. damn. my week off with The Boy™ is almost over. that went by WAY too quickly 
Is it Friday yet 
Is it Friday yet? Thankfully I have Friday off so maybe I should ask if it's Thursday yet? And the answer, unfortunately, is still no 
is it home time yet? 
Is it hometime yet?! Oh no...2 hours to go  I'm sure every hour is lasting longer than the one before...
Is it July yet???  ~Melba~
Is it just me or as soon as it goes past 10 my house gets proper cold 
I watched a movie called the baster from carliona it's was sad  it remined me alot of my past made me remeber things I have spent years
I watched D-H, I'm SO happy, but i could not watch Skins  Ashburies, I LOOOVE !! Tonight, Juno !! So excited !!
I watched Home Alone and now I wish it was Christmas 
I watched Law and Order CI but Jeff Goldblum did not make an appearance.  And Southland wasn't on this past week.   SEE!  I DO watch TV!
I watched my friend bury his daughter today. My heart, my prayers and my love fly out to him and the family.  
I watched New Moon trailer and I didn`t like. 
I watched pearl harbor yesterday and omg.. I LOVE THIS MOVIE! I've got to go to television but it's raining  I hate waether like this!
I watched PPP and I didn't see my dress, I still have NO idea who wore it  I wish I knew but @selenagomez @ddlvato don't answer questions
i watched some merlin cheyenne! ahaha and im confuzzled u must explain it to me tomorrow! backk to school 
I watched the a7x DVD last night, and I swear I was going to die. They are walking sex. Except for the short one and the drummer 
I watched the Farrah Focett story last night, and i cried so much! Say prayers for her! 
I watched the last bit of elephant man, it is sooo sad 
I watched the last Greys episode. So sad 
I watched vides of the tour 
i waws going to plant flowers today but it raineed and it has ben raing! 
i waz kidding about ze zinging part.. moi no gooood in zinging even to save a life 
i weigh 118lbs but i have the body of a 200lb sumo wrestler 
I weight 182lbs!!! Why??? 
I went 2 homebase n found that there's a job goin in the warehouse, I picked up a application form 4 stepson, but he's unhappy with it 
I went a whole day without tweeting... I feel weird  Goodnight #yeg
i went all in with a full house of jacks over queens and lost to quad tens  fml
I went from being a ghost to a tomato in a matter of 3 hours. 
I went home early today only because I need to start sleeping early  pointless.
I went money hunting in my room and found all this! Is it sad that I find it interesting?    http://tinyurl.com/phn2z7
I went out to cafe nearby office just to have a cup of coffee, the sun was shinning bright, now it rains and I am trapped. Perfect! 
i went out with a friend visiting from Utah. she used to live here. didn't know she knew jjs and we shoulda went to stench's show instead 
I went outside and its a little too gloomy outside for the beach... Sad day... 
I went salsa dancing tonight w friends. so much fun I highly recommend it. however its not smart 2 do if ur sick. now my whole body aches 
I went shopping today and forgot to get more Froot Loops!!! It's very tragic 
I went through an entire box of tissues in less than 24 hours 
I went to bed at 4am and i swear every weekend my parents barge into my room, turn on the light and wake me up. Its only 9 
I went to bed at 9:30 and i am just now waking up 
i went to bed too early n now im up bored  ...Hulu-ing it up...
I went to bed with a headache that could kill and woke up with a mild headache that will drive me nuts and from a bad dream!  
I went to Brittany Knopp's open house and got eaten by mosquitoes 
I went to buy a water raft for my pool the other day but sadly they don't make em long enough for people of my height  
I went to Cenutry 21 under stress. Not good. Now I wish I drove into work today.  I can't log these bags on the train ride home.
i went to church and couldn't find the service? this sounds like a terrible metaphor, but it's true 
I went to do 3 things today .... not even one got complete ... 
I WENT TO DUBAI WITH ALEX! she is so lucky she spent her money on cute clothes and i wasnt allowed 
i went to järvenpää for gossip girl books, but there wasn't those.  but i got else things..
I went to jack in the box and asked for a chicken teriyaki bowl with no chicken...the lady laughed at me 
i went to Krispy Kreme today! wasnt all that great... 
I went to meditation and it was a COMPLETE waste of time   enjoying tweeting and stalking Stephen Fry, Dawn Porter &amp; Kirstie Allsopp haha
I went to school. Why?! today is SUNDAY! 
I went to Senayan City last Thursday and found great shoes which didn't have my size  then today at F21 no rosary necklace + black beanie.
i went to sleep &amp; it was sunny but woke up 2 clouds &amp; now rain 
I went to sleep at 9, but my dog just woke me up cause she's too fat to jump on my bed on her own. Now i can't go back to sleep 
I went to sleep last night with meeeean headache due to spray-fixative.  That &quot;low odor&quot; stuff is the devil! Can't tell how much u inhale 
i went to sleep on the floor at 11:00pm  my mom woke me up at 12:00 and now i cant sleep. it is 1:00 am here. 
I went to the bathroom.. Just trying not to think...just keep tearing up 
i went to the beach; but the sea is very cold 
I went to the bookstore today cause I wanted to read the Time Traveler's Wife. The damn novel was sold out. 
I went to the Hannah montana movie Premire in london but there wass too much ppl and i didnt see Miley 
I went to the school today! It sucks :S, I cried! Im gonna miss my friends! 
I went to the school,it is one of the last times because next year I will be in the high school,I want to finish but i will miss it 
I went to the store to buy razors, but I forgot the shaving cream 
i went to tighten my earing, and realised that the pearl has fallen off! how sad!  (lol the fact they were fake is beside the point)
i went to YFE band page.but then umm... 
I went up to my old school earlier &amp; all my old art work had been thrown away 
i went upstairs to go to sleep but turbo fiddy is calling out to me. 
I whacked my head pretty dammed hard the other day. Left a big ass scar. 
I wiash I could stay asleep.. And enjoy the rain!  Buuutttt nooooo. Stuipd work!!  I'm there all day and probably won't sell anything!  
Is it just me or do the hockey sticks look larger on nbc than versus? No computer....broken. 
Is it just me or is it hot up in here. O it's hot AC is out 
is it just me or is not beyond rude to talk in another language when you know no one else understands? poor lady at the mangia mangia! 
Is it just me or is there something wrong with BPD, i can't get the site to load up  
Is it just me or LastFM &quot;search by country&quot; doesn't work properly? 
Is it just me, or are social psych args based on evolutionary theory like this http://denisdutton.com/baumeister.htm really frightening? 
is it just me, or do the no stank you ads remind me of http://seizurerobots.com/ (which didn't used to be a racist dating ad page  )
Is it just me, or is tweetie for the iPhone broken? Searching does not work anymore 
Is it just me, or is WIlliam Gibson's Bridge Trilogy not on audio book? 
Is it just me, or the Royal Mail's pricing of size vs weight is just completely silly? I can never figure out which stamps I need now 
Is it just me, or was there not too much straight up NEW STUFF (other than Natal) revealed at this E3? I miss the MEGATON announcements. 
Is it just me..or has Mark Cuban and Shaq been especially friendly on Twitter? Hmmm. I smell a Shaqvericks move.  &lt;Ki&gt;
is it me or is real estate sign buying just a hassle ? I cant seem to find a local company that will make real estate signs 
is it me or is the sky GREY...what happened to the lovely hot sunny day we had yesterday? what a let down.......im upset now 'hmmmm' 
Is it me or ois twitter going slowwww. 
is it Monday already? ugh 
Is it Monday already?? 
Is it Monday already?? Guess I have to go to work 
Is it morning already!? 
Is it my fault?? 
is it next Wed yet?!?! i miss my boyfriend!!! 
is it only 10:16 
is it only a wounderful dream !? 
is it posible to get more then 140 letters... like wtf i can't type just a little in one box... bored no one to tlak to on msn now 
is it poss to change form pass/nopass to a grade now.... 
I wil b travelling 2 my native country whr all cousins n relatives reside. Nagging is gonna b moreeeee...What 2 do to stop their nags? 
I will absolutely be applying for this. My ebookwise reader has not been my friend in a long while...  #sbtd
I will be  gone  for  awhile ,  my computer  got fried the  other night  in storm.useing  a friends now. 
I will be down for eight to ten hours of planned maintenance starting 2 minutes before Conan starts - dang I can't stay awake 
I will be exhauted because i will have a test 
I will be facing the evils of the drive-thru today (banking, that is, not fast food). I think I'm going to miss the call center a bit 
I will be having a very difficult time today.  My Father's Day present is an empty house because my wife has decided to separate from me. 
I will be majorly bummed if nobody wants to come with us to lahottan tomorrow 
I will be sad when my 2001FP dies, for some reason I have an aversion to buying a new fancy pantsy monitor. 
I will be so much happier when I don't have to read about STDs anymore   It's such a Debbie-Downer
I will be studying, researching and writing all weekend long... shoot me! 
i will be super sad in 6 days. 
I will be supporting an old system that needs to be reused 
I will be trapped in the house again, rainy season once again 
I will burn @metrostation CDs if you don't help us get #barakatday :O and it will make all your lil girly fans cry  DO YOU WANT THAT?!?!
I WILL CRY!!!!!!!!    I can't believe that I lost the chat!!!
I will die... mybe not, but mybe... ohh, why? because yesterday I had 4 ticks 
Is it possible for your bank account to be 'underdrawn'? Or even just 'drawn'? either way, I'm overdrawn -£15.50 
Is it possible that i might be over analysing I tend to do that.....alot.....but what sux is that im usually right. 
is it possible that someone like me suffering in anorexia? hope that this weight-loss is only bcoz of the post-exam stress. 
Is it possible to be so tired...you can't sleep?  
Is it possible to die from coughing? It SUCKS being ill 
Is it really a rainy Monday? Ugh, thus only adds to a stressful week!  FML
Is it really almost time to go back to Chico? Im excited but at the same time going to miss home 
Is it really only Tuesday? 
is it really really work tomorrow??? How did the weekend pass sooo quick 
is it sad that i check my emails just in case? 
Is it sad that I'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  I am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard.  
is it sad that i'm excited for the new harry potter movie? 
is it sat? i need a massage soo bad 
is it seriously snowing in April 
Is it telling that I've been listening to the same few James Blunt songs on repeat the past few days? 
Is it the night of the classic black dress??? How come no one told me  I have a few I could have worn.....lol
is it time for beach yet? its gorgeous out and i'm stuck doing work all day 
Is it to late to be eatin like this? 
Is it too late to go to the shops in my jammies? Its past 12 i dont think ill get away with it 
Is it too much to ask to find a goofy, laid back, sweet guy that likes me back? Seems when i like someone they have no interest in me. 
Is it true that Taylor Lautner and Selena Gomez broke up ? huhu  hope not 
Is it true that the new Macbook Pros don't have a dedicated mouse button? 
is it true the world is gonna end in 2011? 
Is it true??? Its can't be 
is it truly spring or WINTER? global warming is workinngg against me 
Is it uncommon to wait 7 months for a GAF membership to be activated? Because that's how long I have been awaiting approval. 
is it weird that i miss an inanimate object? i abandoned my poor computer this weekend. 
I will eat ... but pffff 
I will go buy new dress  @Blazulka96 itoday on icq not to be 
I will have a long day today  but at least it's sunny!!
I will mis my dormmates 
I will miss all u guys at Boulan If u already dont know im actually going to smith next year 
I WILL MISS FAIZ ! 
I will miss homeroom 202 
I will miss JAY LENO!!  
i will miss my best friend for a month  be safe, have fun &lt;3
I WILL MISS PUSHING DAISIES. 
I will miss the craziness of my 6B friends... 
I will miss this city  this will always be home.
i will miss u lauren... last night of festivites with my new yorker  lets party ur last night away in the FL my loveeee
I will NEVER be ready in time 
I will never complete this one kanji in iKanji Touch because of the stroke order-error  #iphone #japanese #learning
i will never eat a mcdonalds breakfast mcskillet ever again.. i've been mcnauseous all day 
I will NEVER EVER undrstand this, even aftr 450,000hrs of phone time, 1.5million txt &amp; aim msgs later, nope still dont get it 
i will never get to see transformers anytime soon 
i will never go to tht nail salon again. i had an appt. at 3 but i didnt get to go until almost 4:30 and my nails dont even look tht good 
I will never grow tired of watching this - http://tr.im/p1Nz Unfortunately, doesn't look like there'll be a re-run this year. 
I will never travel without a flat iron again 
I will not be a church tomorrow..  got business to take care of 
i will not be tweeting tomorrow. or yes. mom told me not to bring the laptop 
Is it weird that the second sookie stackhouse book is making me miss chris?  oh and im almost finished! Im so ready for reason 2!!
Is it worlds of fun with madee. I miss you 
Is it wrong that I want to see @robdyrdek 's movie, Street Dreams? If so, I don't want to be right. Too bad it's not coming to OH-IO. 
is it wrong that i'm fighting my eyelids at this time of day 
Is it you get past 150 followers and all of a sudden bots are activated to hound you  Where are the rest of the real people?
Is it...? Cammit, it's not lunchtime yet...   #squarespace
is it? why is it raining everywhere in mumbai but here?! 
is itchy now. 
is itchy now...dumb burn. 
is its back to work tomorrow...i'm gonna miss you mommylove  http://plurk.com/p/swujt
Is iTunes App search down? It is on my iPhone.  [pic] http://ff.im/3okTo
is Jay Leno's last show tonight 
is jealous cause of the June ball pics from last night are all over facebook 
is jealous kelsey gets to go to music camp.  
is jealous of all these people jetting off on holiday 
is jealous of Arpit Gupta, as he is getting to sleep 12 hours a day. I get only 5 
is jealous of Desi seeinf fireworks. 
Is jealous of everyone at #twtrcon with a working MacBook. 
is jealous of everyone that gets to go to #E3 
Is jealous of everyone that is outside today!  Weather is beautiful and I'm stuck inside.....working..... 
Is jealous of those at the 100monkeys concert  me and jackson, we belong together.
is jealous that her sis gets to do the Miranda sings concerts 
Is job hunting  bad times!!!
is jobhunting, it fucking sucks when you're in direct competition with 3 of your BFs...   
Is just at work for the day -sigh- I have a headache 
is just chilling back chattin away to mah mates crap like that so bored 
Is just getting off work, most people are either sleeping or partying 
is just hanging out with Connor today before he gets his needles 
is just happy the dreaded exam is over 
is just sick that she forgot to raid merritt island's office depot of her favorite-not-available-anywhere-else-pen. 
is just so-so 
Is just testing Daylight.app.. And is trying to like it as much as he loves Billings.app...  •  http://img.ly/Ln  • And he can't.. ATM...
is just too tired to move out of bed 
is Katy coming to aust for an all ages show or is it over 18's again 
Is Katy Perry still performing in Glasgow on Saturday? 
Is killing it again today! My feet kill though!  post work pints tonight! Woop!
is kind of bummed that Mike didn't enroll in the same philosophy class as me 
is kind of concerned   hopefully over something that will turn out to be nothing...fcking insecurity :/
is kind of disappointed. and she lost a follower  let's hope i won't car crash today. season 5 of L Word better show up soon, make my day!
Is kind of in a bad mood now.  I want my movies to get here to cheer me up! RENT is definitely first.
is kinda annoyed when people don't reply to me on facebook chat. . . . 
is kinda bummed right now! 
is kinda bummed that I screwed a part of my UT! 
is kinda disgusted with the amount of asians here. Save me. 
is kinda glad her alarm went off when it did - no way was I finishing that sad dream!  Rainy outside...I hope it stops soon.
is kinda in the dumps.  ....not like me at all. 
is kinda numb and blank.... maybe things will make sense after i play some guitar.... 
is kinda sad about my Mark Bell situation. 
is kinda sad about the women across the street breaking up. 
is kinda sad because I just found out the fiancee is being deployed to Afgahn...it makes my tummy hurt...it's unsettling for me 
is kinda sad everyone isnt taking her research seriously 
is kinda sad.  What's everyone else up to?
is kinda sad...i really wanted to dance with my friends tonight...but i am having tummy issues 
is kinda sick of the spam artists...  when will people learn that ORGANIC is better than manufactured?
is kinda wishing that you'd talk to her. 
Is kinds done about the situation.  Headed to the house to sleep and such. Sunday is the last night for me in Miami 
is knackered from her run! feel loads better for it though! shame my knees are playing up again  they kill!
is knackered! Gonna go for Banksy Exhibithion in a bit. Joel and JJ is coming to get me. Please don't rain 
is knew to this and has nooo friends  ha
is kranky. i want my BB! 
Is kris allen's account really all fake? 
Is krucial and AK gonna be on Kyte tonight??..I know i'm gonna miss it as it's 5 hours ahead here 
Is L8 4 College As Usual, 
is lagging through a Saturday night  http://plurk.com/p/12k4qs
is laid up at home with my back out and my RA flared up! Sure could use a massage tonight! and some TLC! I'm so exhausted! 
is lame horse= no more showing this weekend 
is largely unimpressed that the whammy bar broke on his favourite GH guitar 
is late for his dentist appt. They said it was ok, but I'm sure they are gonna make me feel it.  #fb
is late sa office ng 4 minutes..  http://plurk.com/p/117f48
is laughed at for wanting to watch Terminator Salvation 
is lay in bed wishing he didnt have work 2day, and was back in crete 
Is layin in bed about to go to sleep! Today was a great day today!! Ready for tomorrow! R.I.P Chris Wilson. 
is laying around, not really in the mood for anything.  
is laying down in bed with an irritating burn behind my knee  oh well.. yay tomorrow is friday! hope i find something fun to do.
is laying in bed and trying to work what to do...................... i could carry an elephant more than i trust you 
is laying in bed listening to the rain..i really dont want to go to work 
is laying in bed, sick.  Ugh, school tomorrow. :/
Is laying in bed. Thinking. Not in a talking mood 
is laying in bed... not wanting to go to her meetings today. miss you lina 
is laying in her bed in the dark. Power outages suck 
is laying in HER bed listening to the noises of HER city thinking there is still one thing misssing....HER wifeyyyyy 
is laying in the bed.. thinking about what a long day it has been.. missing D.Sneady!! soooo miss him 
is laying out at sams pool without her haha.  wish she was here!
is lazing all day tryin to take care oh her effed up back muscles 
is lazing around on his day off and can't find his mobile phone. 
Is lazy but has to go to school to study hard for pol sci 
Is learning that in business u can't have too much pride!  I don't like it
is leaving 
Is leaving afterparty for home... Bust tonight!    Gay!
is leaving Cornwall and heading to bristol airport 
is leaving for boston for two months... so many things to look forward to but i'll be missing one thing a lot 
is leaving Houston in the morning.  SanAntonio and the back to the valley!
is leaving Indiana soon  ill be back in 2 weeeeeks!
is leaving Leeds  I'll miss you!!!
is leaving Liverpool tomorrow for 3 months!! Sad times  Back to Brum!
is leaving Marinduque tomorrow morning. October na ulit an balik 
is leaving now. irdk when I'll be hoome, so no tweets it's sad 
Is leaving nyc 
is leaving Pittsburgh 
is leaving saras house today  but epic weekend
is leaving sweden today 
Is leaving the orthodontist unhappy  These braces are not coming off next month as planned!!!!
is leaving today 
is leaving Tx and headed back to Oz in a few hours 
Is less than excited to see Wolverine now... Poor Deadpool.  No substantial part and no spin off. 
is like black... too tan  http://plurk.com/p/11feqe
is like it makes you hate the summer when you got a schedule like mine 
Is Like Well Bored...   Want To Go Home..
is like wtf, whats up, ugh BLAH fuck! 
is liking someone but its not going anywhere 
is limping around.. poor abi 
IS LISTENIN TO RX RADIO 93.1 GOTTA MISS THIS RADIO STATION WHEN I GO BACK TO BAGUIO. 
Is listenin to the thunder not looking forward to the rain that comin r way 
Is listening in on my moms conversation with the police. Our car got stolen at the dealership while it was getting an oil change 
is listening to #Nouvelle Vague 's #Bande a Part album. At least the music is pretty in my life. 
is listening to combichrist meh need some new tunage. and to get all that *** crap off my itunes. haha wonder where kyle is? 
is listening to him talk about the other girl... 
is listening to l.v.a.t.t i love this cd, best one yet x good job guys. . Was worth gettin sick 
Is listening to music that's bringing back the memories ;) 
is listening to Neyo on my ipod.....wish he could sing to me in person tho 
is listening to Scrubs 'My Musical'. Gosh, i miss it already. 
is listening to t.a.t.u's albums. They were amazing 
is listening to the rain on her window 
is listening to we the kings &amp; cash cash   omggg i love them &lt;3 haha  i wanna see them live again  haha come back to portsmouth pleasee
IS LOGGING OFF FOR THE NIGHT! 
is lonely and eating cookie dough ice cream 
Is lonely and waiting for the bus 
Is lonely and wants more followers  Follow me people!...If you don't I will hunt you down and urinate on your front door!
is lonely at home 
is lonely because all my housemates have gone to the pub 
is lonely... @JNalderFitness has to work until past 8  Oh well... get a free &quot;weekly special&quot; belt with purchase over $35!
is longing for her home 
is looken at pics of my jd, relfecting on that i now an EX junior dragster driver  bring on MODIFIED
is looking 4 work again 
is looking after a poorly sick toddler, recycled fruit juice is not what I need to be smelling right now  Poor bean is napping already (
is looking after a sick little girl 
is looking after a sick steve 
is looking after her poorly little sister  @patrick_henry91 WHEEEY~! ill try come over next week and see you, donz, ellen etc x
is looking at a home, on the streets. 
is looking at the lovely sunshine outside 
is looking for a job  life sucks sometimes
is looking for a Juice Bar (Gummi Bears) seller/reseller. Anyone..? 
is looking for her friend Kassi....where are you??!! 
is looking for movie soundtrack composers on twitter........ but with no luck 
is looking for poppy flowers for my pop's funeral 
is looking for someone to give me a car loan  - Never thought this would happen after ISB !!!
is looking for that goddamn pink thing and MY PHONE LINE THINGAMABOB  O:  sorry akmal  
is looking for things can be done over the net...  bored....
is looking forward to 2 weeks in Suffolk from Friday - I just hope that my cat is better by then, otherwise I'll be on my own... 
is looking forward to another day to sleep in...gotta get through 3 more before that though! 
@jstskc4eva SO SAD MY MOM WONT ME TO GO ON DA COMPUTER FOR LIKE ...FOREREVER!! and now i'm in da library! 
@jstudios it's a stunning day up here. I'm just camped on friends couch with tissues, tea and a blanket  but pumped 4 tomorrow!!
@jsuplido Yes... it wasn't even flickr worthy 
@jsusgrl awww hi bb!  I had a movie marathon last night in my cousin's house, that's why i couldn't come to twitterland 
@jsusgrl haha me too! wish we got more material to analyze 
@jsusgrl I know  And I don't even understand why because he's one of the most charming and sweet guys, really.
@jsusgrl Yes  Ugh, he didn't go to Rome, right? there's when things started to get romantic for RK&lt;3
@jswo Wow,  that's pretty cool that you had/have them in your life for as long as u did. I know I missed out on that bond 
@jsyates I love carrot cake. Why aren't we married and eating carrot cake 24/7? It's not fair. 
@jsydave My worry is that leaving it to the teams to organize will put the series in a worse state than it is now.   #F1
@jszymkiw I wish I were home for the bonfire 
@jtaby anything less than 1920 x 1200 is a travesty.  Haven't I been saying that for weeks now?  Meanwhile I'm stuck with 1024 x 768 
is looking forward to her holiday, but wonders how she'll cope without Bisc for an entire week  #fb
Is looking forward to meeting Nua Sheffield, but had a crap nights sleep  This is going to be a looooong day...
is looking forward to spending another mummy, harry day and watching high school musical 2 to cheer herself up as hubby at work 
is looking forward to the may day gala, but its raining 
is looking forward to the weekend even if she does feel like shit 
is looking forward to Windsor Races tomorra, whoop! But is gutted she missed out on free tickets for the 15th sniff sniff 
is looking her cat. He's still missing 
is looking out the window at the pooring rain wishing it was sunny 
Is losing faith that my Tegan and Sara hoodie and shirt were ever shipped.  its been like FOREVER!!!!!!!!
is losing his pass code.... cannot login to his account.... 
Is lost without her USB stick 
is lovin fiji..dont wanna go back home to melb tomorrow 
is lovin the sun! But not lovin workin in it 
Is Lovin The Weather Bu Cnt Believe I Av 2 Work  Lol
is loving #evasolo and is dreamin bout sortn out me own place ... all i need is money  http://twitpic.com/6mc8c
Is loving his new flip cam but has nothing to video  wish life was more interesting
is loving his new phone, except that it doesn't have @cristinalaria on the background 
is loving 'how i met your mother'. the show is completely awesome. watching a couple of eps and heading to bed. early start tomorrow 
Is Loving NIN today! - shame I cant chill with a beer or two and listen to them - have to do dissertation instead  ah well back to it!
@JTalk100 Hope your headache stop soon.I'm about 2 die....  I miss MaryJane so much. That was my boo! Lol
@jtbritto doood... bishop was the last word  I'll start saving sum new ones fer yu guys 
@jtbritto I go commando everyday, just wish more could tell I was doing that, when you sit it hides it too much.  #commandofriday
@jtbritto So sorry to hear that 
@jtemplon Oh wow, burn! Not included. 
@jterlecki Bummer.   You need #rugbyboyfriend to give you back massages. ;]
@jtestasecca except the fact that I have to work.  no cruisin this year.
@jtfriel YEAH! did you go?   sadly I did not
@JThawley Madness drivers left is closed. Can't get there   Still looking around....  I didn't even get dairy queen for my 7th. Have fun!
@JTheMachine oh...lol! Its cool. Yeah, I buy males drinks.   lol!
@jthrasher sounds to me like you bash these aspects of pop culture from which you are coldly and sadly excluded from 
@jthurman1018 only cause i got to work in the morning! 
@jtilow spanks darling. im sorry for being evil at work. i just feel so shitty 
@jtimberlake  where the hell are you??? mean that in the most loving way possible!! need a really good laugh--i am so damn blue! 
@jtimberlake  Your following everyone except lil ole me lol If you didn't know already though I know not only one who likes ya and all.
@jtimberlake ..wish I could 
@jtimberlake ask me  in the middle of this night i'm thinking about what u are doing or what are u thinking :/
@jtimberlake hey Justin!! how are you? im not doing too good  so much has happend in the past few days and it stinks 
@jtimberlake hmmm ?!?!? I think I did something wrong  Blah! This is hard 
@jtimberlake I wish I was going to bonnaroo 
@jtimberlake its not on UK telly tonight is it? 
@jtimberlake make an angry face! cuz im mad! 
@jtimberlake maybe another time then i know your busy  x x x x
@jtindiepodcast oh no!  *hug*
@jtky Ahhh I see. I never had that impression  Sad huh
@JTlol  That's hideous.
@jtone33 Yeah, they're out. 
@jtorrance okay bye. i want to sleep at night... 
@Jtothe hey! U only come here on wkends now 
@jtotheizzo87 lol grilling sounds nice. It's raining here though 
@jtothenel why you stealin my thunder my bday is next  &amp;&amp; @marge_cord sorry i missed the fun i was there in spirit
@jtparker I miss it already.  Guess we will have to survive sleeping in other people's homes and swimming in their pools. 
@jtr226 hahaha i had to remove the link/tweet just in case!!! i felt guilty and bad 
@jtr226 hahahaha yeah but still this day and age wit technology we shouldnt have to deal with it!!! 
@jtr226 once it hits 4 mins... I dunno anymore 
@jtr226 they're playing horribly  I'm upset
@jtroyve yeah it did. And that's the best part of their weekend 
@JTrueblood1 damnnnn...i need the class for my minor *&amp;./or if i change my major! but i can`T have d`S!  what about marketing?
@jtsosnowski I am utterly confused and sad to be put in a position of not leaving because these little ones don't want me to go.. 
@jtspangler you were the reason he didn't come to cafe 101 
@jtstigger yummmmmyyyyyyy. i havent been to been to ihop in mad long 
@jtsui i wish i could sat but thats a super busy day  sunday perhaps? playing football in dolores park too, youre welcome to come hang!
@jtug what's up tweeps.. can't following you guys pretty much because of internet problem @kost 
@jtuhs okie night D: and i thought that was just temporary 
@jtuwliens @RebeccaHasWrote Morgan is not yappy, BUT she doesn't act like little dog   She thinks she is BIG dog. I wanted small and cute!
@JTxRemixed yea i cried  lol
@jtypeplus Addictive isn't it. Biz could definately be better! Folks have just slowed down on getting their done. 
@juan2rico Mad busy, I have a million &amp; 1 things all going on at the same time! 
@Juana4ev alas it won't be bikini season for me...maybe in 20 years 
@juanamyupangco yup hes been sick.  YA it was fun but now am sick. 
@JuanBYF its a sad day @ the mob.  
@JuanERR :o my bad i forgot. Damn i forgot a lot of things 
@JuanFliNeal hmm mm mm...forgive her Juan...for she knows not what she misses out on! 
@juaNINJAxo I want cookies! I hate when connects are busy. 
@juanita1030 nah still on the iPod  everytime I try it on my phone it won't let me sign in.
@juanitothegreat 
@juanjuanchero  ineptitude is killing my motivation
@juanmac Ah  not having much fun then?!
@juanmahenao qu� pas� con la novia?  take it easy my friend
@JuanMontoya aw I love u too!!! and I miss u even more  I haven't seen u in ages.
@JuanMontoya i can imagine  still being uber cute must help lmao :p sorry
@JuanSenor Being honest, AiF needs a lot of effort though its not possible now to make a move  editor is a case, management is a lock
@juansequeda Yep! Arrived this morning. I messed up my flight itinerary and lost WIFI on the way back (long story)  
@juantwothree not enabled from att's side.  poop. tethering works great though, eh?
@Jubilance1922  don't wanna hear that...
@Jubilance1922 See, now THAT is awesome. I lightweight wish I had twins so that Kyli could have a playfriend. It's hard as an only child. 
is loving northwestern campus!!! volunteered w/ really cool guy who's a jr @ northwestern-never found out his name tho... 
Is loving south dakota but really wishes she could see her boyfriend  ~Honey bunches~
is loving the fact that it is sunny in London, and still raining in New York. Glad to be home, but still sad to be gone 
is loving the half day! If only it wasn't raining.  Soccer Practice tonightt.
is loving the new computer , but hate having mono !  ugghh
is loving the new throwback jamz channel on music choice but sad cuz paris called me old for liking it... 
is loving the nice weather. and also misses thomas lots. 
Is loving the rain...missing the dude.  
is loving the sunshine and warm weather.  Pity that it's gonna be cooler from Wednesday 
Is loving the weather in costa del Brum! Wishing I didn't have to revise! 
Is loving the weekend but not the amount of revision she has to do 
@jubss I know!  I love it dearly! I'm gonna turn the house upside down looking for it!
@jucas_oliveira yes it is  *hugs*
@JudahJumpOffTV: yeah I know 
@Juddysmrs where are youuuuu  xx
@JudeBacalso but you're not watching PCD With my mom!  aw..
@judeblackcat yes 
@JudeLikesFood Yeah, I am working tomorrow unfortunately. So I probably wouldn't be able to attend 
@judemcconkey taming down a bit, i might take a quick try before i get changed,jeanette here around 11, she says my camera wont do MACRO 
@judez_xo :O totally fkn jelous of you now   is bradie with them for once? haha
@judez_xo at work being bored...  33 mins till i finish then im hanging around for alift
@judez_xo awh  yeah ive had alot of people say stuff similar to that, i need to take notice... its also my self-confidence that doesnt+
@judez_xo but...but 
@judez_xo is you okies judy  ?
is loving this weather.  Too bad it won't last through the weekend 
is loving you, but leaving you...  mwah
Is lyin in bed wit my broken leg  missin my munky so much. I love u
Is lying in bed watching a dvd but wants a cwtch - preferably off Alun but hes not home 'til the 7th July from S'A  x
is mad  grrrr®
is mad at herself for having the second leftover pizza pizza piece 
Is mad at life, money, debts. Need to earn more. Hmph. 
is mad at myself cuz i didnt buy Lines Vines and Trying Times yesterday  1 reason was cuz i didnt have a ride 
is mad at the weather. i wanted to tan today 
Is mad because hd buffering ruins my mornings by not letting me watch the today show 
Is mad because its beautiful outside and i dont have any plans  somebody come get me!
iS MaD beCauSe ShE didNt knOw @SongzYuuup waS goinG to b AT cLuB OpEra... 
is mad coz im missng my show 
is mad he can't remember the original lyrics he wrote 
is mad i missed johncmayer AGAIN!!! 
is mad she couldn't go to the pool  too many ppl...
is mad that ASHTON orderd a pizza full of P O R K now i can't eat any 
is mad that my weekend is almost over.  I feel like I barely got to *do* anything.  
is mad that she isn't vacationing this weekend 
is mad that twitter wont post my AMAZING picture.  
is mad we were thinking about each other at the same time this morning. Love U but I gotta let u Go Babe!!! 
is mad, everyone is texting me accept for the person I want to talk to 
is major FAIL 
is making a blueberry cake and totally just burned my tongue tasting it!!!!!!! OUCH!!!!! 
is making a bonafide effort to be cheery today ;)   .... not happening naturally 
is making a brave attempt to affect her future... on a saturday  bugger
is making a call to get rid of the D.O.G.    
is making boots for her costume and bleeding out of every goddamn pore on her fingers. 
is making braclets instead of studying her lines...she is gonna hate herself in the morning 
is making cupcakes.. and can't eat them..  this makes me sad as they smell sooooo good!
is making dinner and trying not to talk. My vocal cords are still swollen, but no nodules. Vocal rest - Dr.'s orders.  
is making her ugly crying face. Bye Bye Henna. 
Is making himself some homemade soup. Sick belly makes him a sanda. 
is making lesson plans. Boo. 
is making life so much harder by counting down teh days until i live, alas, there are way way way way tooo many!  xxx
is making posters for Mum! We want Lil Bob to come home 
is making some grits, eggs and toast for breakfast and might go back to sleep after I watch tv for a while. I am still so tired 
Is marking Yr 12 work again tonight. 
is meeting and then i get to sleep!! im still so tired after 36 hours awake  i need my sleep! i know its sad
is mentally exhausted after 4 h 25 min of examination time for the CAE, a strong doubtful feeling about outcome of the exam remains 
is mentally preoccupied with whats happening in HK 
is michael jackson dying?!  is that just a rumor?
Is miserable with tonsilitis 
is miss you ms.m 
is missed gossip girl yesterday 
Is missin her sweeties 
is missin my girlfriend right now!  pete wentz you ROCK!
is missin my man 
is missing a bag of records 
is missing all her friends in Hong Kong. Very much 
is missing all the sunshine  i hate working!!!!
Is missing Ana Ivanovic from the French Open 
is missing andy pandy! 
is missing cali already 
is missing church due to a nasty cold 
is missing daddy  i can't wait 4 him 2 come home so he can make it wetter :p
is missing eye candy. 
is missing her baby boy 
is missing her baby boy... 
is missing her best friend  commme back kayla, going out in a little while
is missing her best friend..... and i only saw them this afternoon  How sad am I!!!!
is missing her big james. wants her james clan together 
is missing her boyfriend ALOT right now 
is missing her boyfriend like crazy 
is missing her boyfriend, why does he have to live in Chicago?!   
is missing her computer at work. A pilot took it over. C'mon man. I got an email to respond to here! 
Is missing her dad like maaaad and his wizard like powers 
Is missing her daddy 
is missing her family 
is missing her family and soph lodz whens she cuming home hurry babe i miss yhoo 
Is missing her girlfriend want to talk to her  
is missing her little star like crazy today, @edibow playing Rule the World by Take That isn't helping...  miss you teeny star xxx
Is missing her man friend. could be as soon as june....or as late as July 
is missing her niece--julianna. 
is missing her sweetie.  Time to move on though, or so it seems. 
is missing her tweets from D-Dub and the rest of the guys!  *TWUGS*
Is missing his 6m old baby boy julian. 
is missing his babe 
is missing J a hell lot...wish u were here! 
is missing Jeff. He left this morning for Utah and won't be back till next Thursday  This trip is too long! Praying the week goes quickly.
Is missing Joanna sooooooooooooo much 
Is missing k-state! 
is missing listening to radio 1.....normally listening to it by now but havent got a radio 
is missing Los Angeles!I'm leaving at home for..um..wait I should look,for 2 months.omg!  I'm gonna miss my friends.!But summer party,yay!
is missing my baby boyy already and he only went like half an hour ago  x
is missing my baby.... 
is missing my husband 
is missing my one true love..K'Imani 
is missing my son  wish this foolishness would stop and he would come home 
is missing my timothy 
is missing nikki  he always looks tired. wish i could cheer him up. if only i could.
Is missing out on def leppard  and possibly poison? But still... def leppard?!
is missing out on the sunshine and trying to stay awake after having just 2 hours sleep 
is missing pilates today 
is missing playing my trumpet 
is missing PRIDE this year. Sadness. 
Is missing Reece and Mom! 
is Missing Rosa   x
is missing sexy times 
is missing somefin 
is missing someone real badly 
is missing someone so much 
is missing soooo many updates on paramoremusic since school started 
is missing Tampa 
is missing tanib my dear bro 
is missing that special someone in my life 
is missing the A sooooo much!!! 
is missing the carnival.  [[Limited internet and no phone, btw.]]
is missing the Cyprus sun 
is missing the greatest person in the world (Jamal) 
is missing the Lakers game 
is missing the TestFest. Stuck at work after being sick for two days... 
is missing the Transformers 2 premier tonight.  Hate being sick. :'(
is missing the west coast  ...spending this rainy day working!!
is missing this inspiring design http://ping.fm/iJEKN but i don't think @felicia would blog again 
Is missing twitter 
is missing you already  get better soon ok?
is missing you so much already and is so sad that things couldnt be different 
is missing you...hard! 
Is miss'n my lil peanut very much.  Hope she's have'n fun in LA w/ her primos &amp; tios.
is Mompreneur. hmm.. my bro needs my laptop today, so.. means I can't do my work~ 
is more saddened to realize that he was humming to &quot;Baby, Hit Me One More Time&quot; earlier in the day 
is more shallow than Hal 
Is mourning 
is mourning David Carradine... 
is mourning the hopefully temporary death of my trusted macbook pro  WHY?!?
is mourning the loss of #roleplaying books..   Moving countries stinks on some level..
is mourning the loss of my dog  R.I.P. charlie &lt;/3 i really miss you!
is mourning the loss of my extra mom -- my 3 older sisters' mother Betty Williams -- she is no longer in pain  but is sadly missed 
is movin' on w/o U  http://plurk.com/p/yw045
is moving at snail's pace.  http://plurk.com/p/pbo3w
is moving back to Windows XP 
is moving out of Nesbitt. 
is moving to Baton Rouge. 
is moving today and will be without internet now till the weekend, you lot behave and I will hopefully be back soon 
Is my family mad at me? 
is my msn broken or somthing? asking important questions and no will is answering 
Is my picture showing? 
is naboyet sa ending ng Prison Break  http://plurk.com/p/ulclf
is nearly at Lithgow... *sigh* Thats means I have to move off this train onto the bus 
is needin to hit this mall just one more time so i can get these shoes. but only one pair.  man i need a job.
Is nervous as shit today!  meeting with big boss to see if i have passed my nvq 2  good luck to me
is nervous for her interview tomorrow 
is Nervous! 
is nervous...hubby is off to the cancer clinic this morning  
is nervy about tommorrow and can't really be bothered  Greece was AMAZING however!
Is never going to drink again .. I make an ass out of myself 
is never going to fit her closet into one bag 
is never going to wax again! cause it causes rash in my face 
is never thought i would be grossed out by lindsay lohan topless-   Got an A in OB so out celebrating with the crew
is new ? and has no friends 
is new to this madness..and sick of the library 
is new to twitter and is sad to see that there are soooo many haters in the world 
Is next Wed pm OK for your call w/Chris? Patti said between 1:30-4:30 was best and was going to confirm this morning 
is no good at this. 
is no longer attending the SAMA's &quot;due to budget constraints&quot; 
is no longer connected to Nate and Keesha. Now I can't finish my Writer's Craft CPT anymore D: I need my pure love back 
Is no longer daydreaming about anything as she has a puppy wee and a pigsty of a kitchen to clear up. 
is no longer going to the cinema today 
is no longer in cali 
is no longer in Jair's heart. 
is no longer Miss Osseo.  It was bitter sweet to hand down my crown &amp; title. I'll miss it.
is no option either - would most likely stick to the chair! LOL It's gonna be raining for the most part of next week - oh well! 
is nonton hachimitsu to clover  http://plurk.com/p/12mpiy
is nostalgic, some of my happiest moments were born here, I miss u Netscape.  http://twitpic.com/3naqf
is not a fan of forms 
is not a good carpenter.  
is not a happy camper 
is not a happy chappy, hate having to make really big decisions 
is NOT a very good guesser, so we'll see how tomorrow goes...Whoopee 
is not all that broken hearted. Didn't want to jinx it but I had a pretty strong feeling it was over after game 4's loss. 
Is not allowed to make cookies 
is not amused by the Hole 'reunion' and is clinging on the vague possibility that it's some kind of hideously mistimed April Fools. 
is not best pleased ... my car is broken 
is not chuffed. Bloody rent boys 2-1 up. Frank bloody Lumpalard... Grrrr! 
Is not doing too good driving the stick today  its harder than i thought. Spending time with a great friend though.
is not enjoying being deaf in one ear.. 
is not enjoying her sunday .. silly sore throat 
Is not even funny...Everyone is in NYC and I'm, well, here. Oh I missed The City  best memories ever...
is not exactly thrilled that tomorrow is Monday. Had a really great weekend - except for the part where all of M's stuff got stolen 
Is not excited about Wimbledon as nadal is not playing 
is not excited to have to drive home from my dads house and go straight to work! 
is not feelin hot  hopin my son didnt get me sick... Hope i feel better in the am...
is not feelin well... i feel sooooo weak....i hate bein sick in the summer 
Is not feeling 100 percent -- trying to sleep it off 
Is not feeling good 
is NOT feeling good  - amanda gayle
is not feeling good , i miss connor 
is not feeling good and seriously think it's because of work...no lie 
Is not feeling good at all 
is not feeling good...good night 
is not feeling herself at all 
is not feeling so good today 
is not feeling so hot right now 
is not feeling so well  long afternoon ahead.
is not feeling so well today... my back is super sore 
is not feeling to good 2day 
Is not feeling too good today.....  Hate this cold winter flu.....  Where is that blarry nebulizer with the good stuff in it 
is not feeling too good, bad tummy  
Is not feeling up to work 
is not feeling very good this morning 
is not feeling very well 
is not feeling very well.  
is not feeling well  (sick) http://plurk.com/p/12pqe8
is not feeling well now.. 
is not feeling well today and staying home... I guess we can't feel great all the time 
is not feeling well today. didnt sleep much last night-had fever.. 
is not feeling well. 
is not feeling well. parang magkakasakit pa ata ako dito. waah!.ö ang cold. 
is not feeling well. She's counting down to the end of her classes so she can sleep some more.  http://plurk.com/p/1104uz
is not feeling well.... as in!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/xv8kj
is not feeling well....where is my doc... 
is not feeling work on this gorge day 
is not getting chinese now 
Is not going out tonight now. Looks like I'll be watching the britains got talent finals after all   http://myloc.me/25qX
is not going to @tnmestaka 's house cause she's busy with college apps 
is not going to Ballina anymore lol just working 
is not going to Dorsett anymore  damn http://plurk.com/p/125thd
Is not going to get a 2:1 at this rate and no-one wants to go to my party 
is not going to gran canaria  tomorow due to a repeat of an exam bad times  lol
is not going to have pizza for dinner while everyone else does 
is not going to Jeanette's house... 
Is not going to look elsewhere for gaming news on his break, even though his favourite site is down  #tsa
Is not going to the Hangover but is enjoying a movie at home.... to bad there is no one to cuddle with.  
is not going to the LAKERS parade tomorrow  awww I am so bummed!!!!!
is not going to work tomo. I have almost overdosed on Lemsip, my head feels like it wants to implode and it hurts to breathe. 
is not going to Yey today because dad didn't allow me to.   
is not handling this too well 
is NOT hanging out with her best friend. 
is not happy lyk 
Is not happy that he is up so early  stupid driving lesson!!!
is not happy that she's missing out on the Maracas beach lime today 
is not happy that the Chaser has been cut for 2 weeks. If you don't like it, don't watch it, simple! 
is not happy with the way Collingwood played today...Thats all 
is not happy with todays training, did about 2k in 15 minutes, but sprained my ankle  http://plurk.com/p/xwjv8
Is not happy wiv this weather 
Is not happy. ManU lost in penalties. No FA cup for us this year.   
is not happy...considering she has to be inside on this perfect pool day. 
is not happy...EVERYONE is goin away this weekend but me!!  boo u all!!
is not having a good day - my speakers have broke (music is a must while working) and a bird has pooed on my washing 
Is not having a good day at work no one is turning up to my viewings. 
Is not having a good day today 
Is not having a good day.. 
is not having a good week 
Is not having a good weekend for breaking things! First the PCI Wireless adapter dies - now my N96 
Is not having the best day today 
is not impressed   .. Why are some people so selfish  xx
is not impressed that i have spent 3 hours researching the origins of scooby-doo and nothing even remotely interesting has been found 
is not impressed with being attacked by my soup! Any it's not even nice!  #fb
is not impressed with my little friend it no longer vibrates.. 
is not impressed with the jolly roger! waiter fail seriously 
is not in a great mood 
is not in the best mood ever... I'm confused, annoyed, stressed, ugh.... 
is not in the mood  http://plurk.com/p/111zil
is not in the mood to have classes tomorrow!  Hopes that by the end of the day there will be a miracle! (go... http://plurk.com/p/z78p8
is not jealous about the people who left for Glastonbury today or yesterday. He's going to go see his family instead...  Damn family ;)
is not keen for tom 
is not likeing the weather 
is not liking Big Bro this year  Where did they get those contestants from!
is not liking the fact she has a Biology A-Level tomorrow 
is not liking the rain and the cold - where's the heat and sunshine gone?! 
Is not liking the rain in London today  yay for shopping with @fionamccarthy though xx
is not liking the rain recently 
is not liking the weather outside and gutted im up  hope everyone's okay in LA after the earthquake:O
is not liking TweetDeck...won't let me do anything as it says my rate limit exceeded  i dont even kno what that means :S
is not lookin forward to babysittin tonite  3 kids, 1 me, not a good combination !
is not looking forward to 3 more weeks of 97-100 degrees fahrenheit texas weather   hello skin damage
is not looking forward to college tomara but is looking forward to big bro tonyt shuld be good 
is not looking forward to friday...fingers crossed all goes well, i HATE cancer 
is not looking forward to giving martys ghd back... 
is not looking forward to going to McMaster today .. Hmph! 
is not looking forward to going to work today 
is not looking forward to having her injection tomow 
is not looking forward to her return. 
Is Not looking forward to his sociology test Tomorrow 
is not looking forward to media today 
is not looking forward to mock number one tommorrow!    you took something perfect, and painted it red.
is not looking forward to my 4 hour crash course on statistics 
is not looking forward to parting ways with her bed in a mere four hours 
is not looking forward to seeing her go 
is not looking forward to the 8 miles she has to run today to make up for the weekend! 
is not looking forward to the maths exam tomorrow 
Is not looking forward to the next three weeks 
is not looking forward to tomorrow 
is not looking forward to uni tomorrow 
Is not looking forward to waking up early tomorrow morning 
Is not looking forward to waking up in less than 7 hours to work from 10am to 9pm.  This is what happens when you are very nice.
is not looking forward to work later!! 
is not looking forward to work or school 
is not looking forward to work/homework tomorrow...  Hopefully next weekend will be awesome...
Is not looking forward to working all weekend when the weather is beautiful out. I guess it is Murphy's law in the works. 
is not looking forward to working today 
Is not loved cause no one has texted me all day!  Lmao Haha whatevers!
is not loving anything about life right now; broken laptop, stolen phone, terrible  cramps &amp; i really miss my best friend. 
is not loving this snow 
is NOT NOT NOT going to fail her exam today....haha yeh right 
is not of housewife material : self-cooked rice turned out to be too watery and soft! 
is not off to a good start...i forgot my ipod 
is not ok right now 
is not okay 
is not on air today  but will be back on air Wednesday from 12 
is not partying tonight 
is not planning to attend ESEMA reunion this weekend... all those ladies have a family already  too shame...
is not quite awake I hate not getting much sleep  booohooo
is not quite ready for this all to be over.  Love these kids so much.  
is not ready for emily &amp; the pmtoday boys all to leave at the same time 
is not ready for exams at all... but cant seem to get off the computer  lol
is not ready for politics  whyyy
is not ready for the loooooong weekend!  
is not ready for tomorrow  it's gonna be sad.
is not ready for tomorrow to be Monday!  
is not ready for work yet  ....
is not ready to go back to work tomorrow  depressed about it, wahhhh
is not ready to go home and be far away from him again!    i love and miss him so much!
is not ready to take CENG 301 Midterm 
is not really having a good day.. 
is not really well to face tomorrow activities 
Is not recovering very well from a night in with the girls 
is not refreshed by my afternoon nap 
is not singing Vamos a la Playa. Boo hoo. Was going to ride my bike there and get in shape. Guess I'll just stay a fat bastard instead!!! 
is not sky diving  stupid weather.
is not so keen on dancing for PB today 
Is not sure whether to go to theatre or to volleyball 
is not sure why fellow cyclists hate on aerobars so much  i only use them solon, never in group rides....so what's the big deal???
is not sure why Twitter is not updating her facebook  err
is not to happy with my suprise visitor 
is not twitter-cool 
is not very excited about uni 2morow... i didnt even manage 2 catch up over the holidays 
is not very good at saving money, 
Is NOT very smart... 
Is not very well..Bloody Flu 
is not wanting to be at work till 11pm tonight. Blah.  
Is not wanting to go to school today  and is still feeling really sick.
is not watching the FA cup due to STV's incomprehensible decision not to show it 
is not well  And needs to go home!
is not well today  
is nott living for the moment.. therefore lettt go of some things  not sure if doing the right thing.. maybe its for the best
is now all alone 
Is now all alone in the flat for the next 2 months and there's no one here beside me... 
is now at derek's house doing mte fun day thing while bro and cousins are playing mahjong 
is now awake and it is only 10:23, I should still be sleeping 
is now bored and can't believe the Black Eyed Pea's are Number one... good song though... bit gutted they didn't read my text out though 
is now convinced that guy, from that vampire movie, that was him, I'm sure of it... AKL airport... no Miley though 
Is now feeling sick due to the thorntons ice cream  but it was nice to see @mr_nil who popped into the shop
is now home and getting to bed.....gotta stop this!!! going to bed at 7.30am??!!! 
is now home but is gettin ready to go to the hopital.  http://plurk.com/p/xuyv8
is now home from work  and has started drinking oh oh oh oh yes.... wooop
is now in school and got later physics...  wrote the mathtest^^ #schooltime
is now listening to &quot;sleep&quot; rather loudly so doesn't remember how excluded rubydimond currently is 
Is now moving boxes alone 
is now off for a well-deserved sleep. 40 hours ain't fun without one.  http://plurk.com/p/yrzoe
is now off to bed now, because she is very tired!!! and hasn't done enough art ... looks like another art filled day for her tomorrow!!! 
is now off to the grind 
is now officially an advocate and solicitor of Singapore. He'd have been photo whoring if not for the fact that he is still lao-sai-ing. 
Is now on train, stoning.  - http://tweet.sg
is now out from all sport and work for 6-8 weeks after breaking his collarbone  very bad time indeed!!!!!!!!!
@judez_xo oh   why would u wanna live in melb its freezing D:
@judez_xo oh,  thats no good... ummm what about coffee 
@judez_xo pfft it's a great venue, they shouldn't close it down  awekay who r u going 2 see?
@judez_xo What? why?! she can't 
@judez_xo wooo haha and how'd she get kicked out?! for how long? 
@JudgeDonnelly Are you ok? 
@JudgeJeanine Why exactly did they taser them??? They didn't anything to desver that. Hmmm that's mean 
@JudgeJoey am sorry i never made it down to RoHo at the weekend to witness you actually leaving.  had the lurgy  hope it went well
@judiee i did follow Alias for some time on AXN eons ago. I can barely remember details tho  but i have all the x-files seasons&amp;episodes!
@judihames The sprouted like crazy, grew two extra leaves and then stopped making progress. 
@JudithShakes sorry to hear that   were you packing your s.o.'s boxes?
@Judnikki ha heard that. feel your pain man 
@judodan bad or what? 
@judsen Isn't that the truth. I came on MSN to talk to you and you went offline right as I opened the chat window 
@judy_jay She's on here you know, always follows back but never tweets  I just like having her there
@Judyastley They seems to be doing good clothes right now but my local Tesco is small so doesn't really stock them 
@judyinmaryland I am doing wonderful. i miss you too! and mom and the kids. But, ESPECIALLY grandpa. lol. i havent seen you guys in ages. 
@judyng NAPISAN!!!! they dont have it here... seriously.. theres nothing I can do..sorry 
@judypdi I'll make a FB one tonight too and send you the details, send it to all.. Can't go to thing, swamped in French homework---uggh!! 
@judyrey - That video is really sad &amp; disturbing 
@juecov saw that had a text from her, that will stop you working and twitting tonight. Row don't think we will be able to come Aug, 
@juelzdesignz LOL my bad dnt wanna blow ya spot  dammm LOL
@Juggernautt I work in retail 
@Jughead_Jones I don't know what's wrong but I hope everything turns out to be ok. 
@jugomugo It's kind of odd, but I suspect she's cuter than I am... I had to work and couldn't get out there for RGR. 
@Juh76t   PLZ FOLLOW ME!  
@juhasaarinen Depends on the client.  http://www.twitter.com/kerryemerson website shows it correctly.
@JuHeisenberg I still want pics for the before-after &quot;stuff like that&quot;  e foste tu k prometeste 
@juhidee119 i am.  are you doing better than last night?
@juhidee119 i'm just tryin to eat less..not that i eat much..i just gain weight with every bit of food i get into my mouth 
@juhidee119 Summer there right? Summer here was way rainy.  And yes, darn Global Warming &amp; Climate Change. (
@juhidee119 yeah. well i know we have some in the supervalue but the gas stations don't  silly town. #andyhurleyday
@juiceegapeach I know, I really wish I could...ugh, this whole waiting til marriage thing is gettin' difficult. 
@juiceegapeach when a person has more followers than you. i know it's meaningless.Ii have 570 and they have 11,000. i feel unloved 
@JuiceOlive haha ohhh i'm only just watching series three now  it's good though! Ohhh Dex, we love him x
@JuiceOwens WHATS THE VIDEO?? I CANT WATCH IT! 
@juicyari the terrorist... ehhh ficky ficky = dishonorable discharge sooo let that go 
@juicyash. Its sucks! Like..I went to the hospital..&amp; he didnt even txt I call!! 
@juicycoiffure i need to get my hair done asap- wish you lived nearby  http://myloc.me/5AvM
@juicyexxxotica i noe! its not fair!!!  lolz
@JuicyJenBunnick awwww  *cuddles*
@juicyjewelz fine 
@JuicyJones oh- I just found out that The Church played at Triple Door last night.  
@JuicyJones We do but I lost track of it a few episodes in as Sky in their infinite wisdom decided to keep switching when it was on 
@JuicyJones What really got to me is that she was in too much pain to even keep her eyes open to watch it. 
@juicypear no sorry, those kids looked like they needed it 
@juicystar007 Cute! I saw a lock necklace &amp; bow stud earrings @ Juicy outlet, they were even on sale...mom convinced me not to get them 
@juicystar007 I was going to then I fell asleep  maybe I'll see you at IMATS
@juicystar007 me to i hope you had fun in la i live around there but i didnt see you   lol i wish i did!
@juicystar007 that stinks 
@juicystar007 why yesterdy you didn`t upload any vids? 
@juicystar007 you are so lucky ! i was suppose to go but i ended up not going 
@Juicytots Noooooo -cruel and unusual! You have missed two and the current BNTM 
@Juicytots Would be my normal attitude but Monty is only 3 months 
@juicyyj um i called u this morning!!!! 
@juicyyx3 why aint i beein followed 
@jujewel26 guh well i don't get outta work til a little after 4 so i guess just go with Wandyland or something. i'll go alone   
@Jujjaloo hiya which model of vaio you got? is it the FW? i really want the FW!! it's sooo gorgeous!! ggrrrr 
@jujube5160 Have fun! I'll be working dealing with the crowds for Transformers 2 
@JuJuBeeMT Hmmm I didn't notice that before. Honestly, I only liked the guy that made it, but it's sad that they are separated now. 
@JuJuDollie aye she's ok. Been diagnosed with epilepsy though poor little thing 
@jujukoo You are, and idiot. 
@jujumama - I keep trying to follow you but it isn't working. 
@JukeboxJbare i'm not enjoying the fact that i haven't seen you in years. however, you seem to be ok with it. 
@jukekartel don't make it too long b4 u grace us with your presence again boys  Have fun taking over the world with your tunes xo
@jukesie Oh, you need to leave Bristol.  Well done on the job though mate.
@jukesie Yes, quite agreed. Very amused at Fergie's apoplexy for Welbeck non-pen. Though extra time felt like two teams playing for pens 
@Jularybox I know:O 
@Jule_E HUGS!  Let me know if there is anything I can do! 
@Jule425 just haven't had time. we are in CO for our son's wedding and have been going non-stop for the week. DH doesn't listen to David 
@Jule425 Twitter was down almost through the entire show.  
@JuleeKessinger I have lost the ability to sleep in 
@JuleeKessinger without 
@juleesa juleesa I think he's confused too he had this conversation with his parents  I'm sad no I think I m gonna cry
@julefrog Oh   When do YOU get a day off baby?
@Julehh Tell me about it. My hand cramped up SO bad today after three straight hours of writing. Bloody Law. And it's not even over yet 
@Jules_Bee I wish I was there too! Were you at the show at Richards on Thurs? I can't believe I have to miss these 
@JulesBenham what hot tub? I can only find 3 very very cold paddling pools, which you're not allowed to splash in! 
@julesdc hi, thanks! i was on that stream but it dies sporadically. 
@julesdc I know - you are right.  it is crazy what is going on over there   I work with a gal from Iran ... I need to ask her her thoughts
@julesey1 im fine. Still two month, till im coming to scotland 
@julesey1 LOL!!! My kind of style!!! Sadly no body else but me 
@julesey1 Sadly i have to get off my own backside to fill up 
@julesf1 - are you guys discussing the mtv performance? is it on youtube? i missed it 
@JulesFletcher We do MGS here. We have COD but it kills my vertigo  As a kid Id give barbie a crewcut and play GI Joes
@juleshwright ooh swap. I've been working in a tin can of an office. No windows on the mezzanine 
@Julesiah aww  sorry to hear you lost her but sounds like you made her smile. that beats the old job any day, right ?
@Julesiah their website has a shop ! but it wont ship to the US yet 
@Julesm2929 I know!! It's throwing it down now 
@JulesMcRadd sorry to hear about bad supervisors  I was hoping Paul would step it up once I left. Or are you talking about Linda? lol
@julesmelfi you poor thing.  hope you get everything worked out soon -- i can definitely empathize!
@Julesxv you might be able to download the drivers from the brand website, they may not be fully supportive of Linux though 
@Julez98 I'm a giver I think!? But I sleep awful 
@julezykins it's all cloudy here  just means I'll have to stay in bed and be a bum!
@Julia_B you're tiny.cc link doesn't work for me 
@Juliaaa52 :O What's up?? Are you ok???  
@JuliaaHess his tooth cap and yesterday my mom didn't feel well... so no Demi  if all that hadn't happened I would have gone just to meet
@juliaalx oh thats sad  are you going to the funeral this weekend? ((
@juliaby: im well aware of that 
@juliadevillers Oh no, that is not good!!! 
@juliadrab LOL I see! ARE YOU COLD!? 'Cause I'm cold. 
@juliaerickson take your salary/12 - lose that every month you are unemployeed and become less employ-able. Sad. 
@JuliaFranco he hurts like A LOT you have no idea. 
@juliagim it's difficult, 'cuz u live 2 far from me 
@juliahart1 too many. 
@juliajoinjonas omg i totally forgot bout that!    sorry.
@juliakm Sorry to hear you're having so much trouble.  
@JuliaMielczarek  I AM BORED. AND YOU KNOW WHAT. WE GOTTA HANG. CALL MY CELL! PRONTO! unless you hate me and dont want to hang  CALL ME!!
@Juliana5655 It's not even the right Twitter account  try this @chipotlemedia. My goodness, I want some guac in my belly. NOW.
@julianahatfield this weather sucks. it's supposed to be pretty much like this for the next week   . where did spring go?have a good wknd!
@julianakubicki Your recent posts make me feel really bad for you and work 
@juliancheal I'd love to say it would help...  my colleagues who are staying on in the Travel Shop are smiley and helpful though!
@juliancole we love sounds? Why is everyone there? I'm not 
@JulianD   Ah..just realized you are in Columbia ~ So sorry but at this point you can only purchase in U.S.!   Glad you like the app tho!
@julianmuerto  that sucks! Haha ugh daisy of love... What a train wreck lol
@Julianne02 Well good, I hope you post more often! How you been? I miss you 
@Julianneianne HAA me too at half 5  cba
@juliannerowat @disneydean  sad!!!! and i am trying to upload again and i cant 
@julianunes I have to practice not showering for a festival in summer. I'm doing really badly! HOW DO YOU NOT LOOK GROSS. 
@juliarghhh nooooo! la ftw  all the cool kids are getting tumblr~*
@juliaroy if that is all your stuff (fits in a ford fiesta) than I really have too much 
@juliaroy Is it the sanding dust, the noise of the sanding (hand or power?) - or a combination of both?  
@juliarygaard, Thanks, prolly cancel May 31 marathon 
@juliasloberts 
@juliasolimann  Have fun...well...have as much fun as possible.
@juliasolimann  why dear?
@JuliatheGinger4 ah lucky!! i have to wait for my ride!! 
@juliaundchicco  why? i love it! haha
@JuliaWo I feel your pain... dont you hate those days 
@juliaxgulia heh, you would think, but uhm, no  You should tell my mom @Maddymarx she needs one. (she just joined twitter yesterday)
@julibarcelona Heading back home to MI in the morning and back Sunday evening   We'll have to plan something soon.  You doing SMC nxt wk?
@julibarcelona That's a possibility! Though I didn't pack any workout clothes with me.  Maybe I'll go get some?
@JuliBella: oh you're going to make me cry 
@JULIE_MOORE Damn will miss this weeks Mentalist until the repeats. Hope its good witchy stuff and not negative like they usually are 
@JULIE_MOORE just saw that's awful 
@JULIE_MOORE Morning Julie can I come and play?  Never been in a hot tub before 
@julie1075 I see. Lol. Well, I wish it were raining here. Got to do lawn now. (&quot;Yes dear, I'll stop playing with my Twitterers&quot;). 
@julieann1231 Wish I could vote from here 
@julieannepeters Awww I'm sorry to hear that 
@julieb1975 You are not a shit!  Happens to the best of us on occasion.  
@JulieBanderas - Julie, please go back to wearing your mid-thigh skirts and dresses. I don't think I'll make it through the show today. 
@juliebenz oh no! I had that happen once. Poor bee was worse off then me though!  
@juliecj Cheshire is grey n miserable 
@juliecj hola! que tal? not seen you in ages 
@juliecolgan I had passes to the Masters this year and had to give them away due to a back injury...I know how you feel....   
@Juliecupcake dont think the uni thought of ur depression and period cycle when choosing dates for essay hand ins 
@juliedarling supposed to be visiting Austin Sun-Thurs..but not feeling well since vaca.  Would've said hello for sure!
@juliedessler oo right..thats cool n naaa single pringle for me  lol need to meet some new boys haha ive kinda grown up with the ones..
@julieebaby awe i love you too!!!! 1 am here  i miss you
@JulieeM awh yeah i know.  today they are playing all the episodes that has came on. And there is gonna be a new one coming on tonight.
@JulieeM dude i'm sick! 
@JulieeM lol yesss. I still aint seen joes single ladies dance! 
@juliefaerie can I get a dedication too?! 
@juliefromfrance I LOVE THEM!! except for davids i dont like his picture 
@JulieGong Fuck.   lovins so amazing and so for the birds at the very same time.
@julieitis I'm sad Facebook won't just let me have kate.southern.    Must come up with new name.
@JulieJewles hey julie! yeah we all need to come and stay! i miss you all again!  so what you been up to? EEE LOVE YOU BUNCHES!! ♥♥♥
@juliekiefer SAD FACE! Your PhoenixTay will miss you much. 
@JulieLauber  i miss you already! wahhh! 
@julielaurenvick that's why I watched it! Cause my mom said she was me but I think it's just cause she's single and talks to the homeless 
@julieleak aw naw!  I was looking forward to the pic...do you like it? Is it big change?
@julielliott okay so you should start talking to me again like now, i miss you 
@JulieLockwood he said he doesn't feel good and thinks he might need to go to the dr 
@julielondongirl what happened? 
@JulieLough 
@juliemanchester sorry I bailed. Mac died. 
@JulieMendez06    you're very confusing
@juliemm93 I think about her everyday!.... I miss her too...  and don't worry about it! be as serious as you want! Lol ttyl
@JulieMorganizer - Shed &amp; Share. Started late  but today is World Refuge Day  so &quot;shed&quot; the good stuff to local refugee centre. Win-Win!
@JulieMountain Wish I could do that for you, lady 
@juliemweaver camp  see you in a week!
@julieomg  don't cry, don't cry!  how can i help?
@julieparisienne Haven't twitted much lately. Sorry for AF447.  Is your shoulder ok? Do you feel better?
@julierose78 I'm sorry to hear about Blackie.  My mom just had something similar happen, not a good month for pets.
@julierubes I won't be at the game.  Found out too late.
@julieryu Awww. Okayyy  ill try to have as much fun as possible!
@juliesun YEA AND YOU JUST WENT OFFF!!!!! ON ME 
@Juliet_B Yeah, I know. It was sarcastic 
@Juliet17101 oh yeah! I knew I recognised him when he came into Corrie! What a come down 
@julietashley i am def going to cry. i'm secretly hoping their annoucement is that they're going to stop filming. 
@juliett1 yup, i agree with you juliett :9 ITS IMPOSSIBLE, all the day thinking of him :s I MISS HIM 
@julietteTH but I can't do it! Cause u need a full licence to drive a ped!!   http://myloc.me/483R
@julieunplugged  It's not that the job is bad, it's just that I don't like the lifestyle.
@julieunplugged @btatusko and the boys are at my sisters for a 1st communion tonight. i had commencement 2day 
@juliewolfe I'm jealous. I'm stuck in the newsroom 
@juliezerbo sadly no   whatcha doing on the hill?
@juliiettttx0 I would so do that.. but I can't since I need these grades since their regents exams mostly  Who's here?
@julimarie17  i do the same thing.
@juliocamarero i've been trying to get one as long as i have been with the company.  no luck.  
@Julirose it was meant as a glorious reprieve from the mundane weather! My poetic writing leaves a lot to be desired! 
@juliryan Brrr, I saw that snow too! Sure was cold today. Hope you've caught up on some sleep since the tummy bug 
@juliserrano crappity.  ya te vas... ouch.
@JulissaB omg me too! When I go back home, we still have it, but it barely works lol 
@JulitaLoca aaaaaaaaaaaah now I have a bad &quot;gewissen&quot; for letting you stay at the station with me because I didnt wanna wait alone... 
@julito77  How are ya? I heard that Josh Beckett hit a HR despite the fact my Red  Sox lost 
@julnas But then you might end up like that poor bus driver...  And, this is kinda weird, but I wish I was there today! :o
@July20_2011 i have to work  when r u going?
@Julyzza Me too 
@julz9600 very! Are you at washington national?sorry you have such a yucky delay. 
@JulzM noice. a slightly delayed anniversary pressie eh? no vino for @coliwilso this week. workings 
@jumblejess Yes please 
@Jumex need 1  !
@jumonsmapes GAH! I was going to go to the seminar and I completely slept through 
@jumpman85 I know it sucks 
@jumpnj yeah i couldn't get it to work either 
@jumpsun      Visitas nada agrad�veis!!  Thanks for the link!!   *.*
@jun6lee  oh 'm late, 'm sure nothing is left of it by now! My hard luck! 
@jun6lee I told myself: Don't click on this link. But I just did. Booohooo 
@Junbee Still incomplete? Aaaaaah I'm missing this!!! Nooo! I miss you 
@junbug80 Have to work Friday - my schedule is messed up again.   I have more books for you though &amp; will try to get them to you soon.
@junbug80 no the computer is dead. Fried- and of course I didn't back anything up so I need to look for all my favorites again. 
@junderscorem Passed away last night. No details yet about what happened. 
@JuneAleesia really??? Soo that means we can go on and on and on with a message and it won't run out????????? Not mines 15 letters left 
@juneAmbrose Awww, bummer! I thought we'd have enough ppl 4 the Chai Tea Haute Pepper Movement! They don't know what they're missing. 
@JuneAtDell insights how to deal w. this? Dell said they'd phone to extend warranty &amp; never did. Now 1 week late and can't. Angry 
@JuneBeatz oh no, they announced it is a Double Header Tomorrow!!! 
@JuneBug143 I wish I still had that cd u made me with all of roberts and rays old songs on it 
@junebuggg its yucky out 
@juneeeee drat! you're my competition! oh noooooo  hehehehe! :p good luck to us! there are 6 digicams to be won ;-)
@junelai a folding one didn't work with the pictures, they get creased 
@juneleaf  I love you. Hugs?
@juneleaf me tooooo 
@Junelove1 oh, dear, Junie!  I hope you'll get well soon &amp; be healty &amp; happy, coz you have so light soul! I'll pray God give you heath.
@JunePlumm I got wrk @ the crack 2mrrow..I had to cut my night short cause of it 
@JuneTycoon Booooo!...you worse than me! nah, I shouldnt talk! I havent been on in a few days. 
@juneybug84, no, I'm sick..... feel very bad....  x
@juneyee i don't think so.  I WANT DETAILS.
@jungaar thnx I hope so 
@jungle_expat - I'd love to DM you back but you're not following us. 
@jungle_mag it is, isn't it 
@JungleJulia of course you will see the louvre may I just say I've lived in England since I was 6 and been to paris twice &amp; never seen it 
@junglgrl whatcha worrying about? I&quot;m a worry wart too 
@jungsu Oh dear. That doesn't sound pleasant 
@jungvolk if we chant Brookes name.. will that bring her back??????  Twitter is becoming a very lonely place now.......about 23 hours ago
@Juniesgurl Ugh... I'm sorry  I'm good thanks! I could sleep all day but I won't. LOL!
@juniior1 lol, beavers' comment hurt me  lol
@Juniormagazine Hope you guys had a great time here in Derbyshire! We were sad to see the marquee disappear 
@juniorscoz whyy? 
@juniperez u r 500% right..i was hoping twitter wouldn't get bombarded by them..but alas..they r everywhere in internet land 
@juniperus awww ok.... thanks for playing... take your ticket stub and go home... 
@juniperus Drat! I should have been looking harder! Missed it... 
@juniperus Home!      you win   
@JUNJiHEE  maybe lack of sleep?
@junjihee r u eating and just lying in bed? 
@junkbunny I feel you on the nailbiting.  I stopped for a while in the beginning of the year, but now it's back to being really bad. DX
@JunkFoodTees school is killing me  (via @brendadadada) - Ouch. What subjects are you taking?
@junkiecat Hey! I don't have anything to call you in return!! 
@junnetx i am not shy. i love you :$ just because im not always inappropriately dancing with you. . i know youre jealous 
@jupiterrjd its so damn complicated....especially when i didnt learn anything when she was teaching it to us. haha. 
@jupitusphillip  Hey there, just installed new tweetdeck now your beautiful painting is no longer on view  What a gwan??
@jupitusphillip cubs was postponed because of rubbish rain 
@jupitusphillip For some of us, Wi-Fi is sex 
@jupitusphillip Is it no longer on FX ? 
@jupitusphillip sorry not enough swearing in your tweets, (I have no kids) I'm off, 
@jurgen Well yes and no... you need to pay the APRA licence either way - you can't just do it. 
@JURISfernandez yes bai! same here.. 
@JurrBurr  So sorry to hear that honey! It's a hard lesson learned about checking with HQ legals before starting a project. 
@JurrieSpoelstra working too much @ RS &amp; too little @ uni... same as ever..  Hows music?
@jury323 fo sho girl...we need to all go out like old times I miss all you girls 
@jury323 ommmg me muerooo mee tooo I will never forget that day I miss her 
@JUS_chillin @mindpinball thank u wonderful gents...I'm not gonna finish that post today tho...too much to do 
@Jus_KI I'm just not gettin off 
@Jus10skyWalker hope u feel better I've been sick since Sunday 
@jusjenjen No I dont. Buuuuut can you put a male on it also??? It's a fanfiction site so I need a man and a woman.  lemme know if u can't
@jusloveme What did Nick do?? I'm missing the JB while im in India! 
@jusNate i get miraines from the sun of all things. The dr said all it was, was being photosensitive  SO I really am a vampire of sorts
@JusNcredible106 anything with hash browns yummm I'm hungry and lost now 
@JusNcredible106 i cant send you dm's 
@JusNcredible106 I got lost in anaheim :/  I barely found my way back  so sad but u will soooo be done eating by the time I get there!
@jusskool Done the whole shebang, trust me.   Just need to shake the cough and get my voice back 100% and all will be fine.
@just_a_billie I'll pray for you to feel better too! 
@Just_Ames Not yet  we talked on the phone tho. It's beautiful here!
@Just_Ami I got no answer when I called 
@just_another_1 awwww noooo 
@Just_Cal it don't work!!  just blank
@Just_Cal Work or...(hehe mind in the gutter)! I'm sittin here doin this student loan thing. 
@just_chalie im not there.... 
@just_J_ sorry for your pink eye  I have never had it,but looks irritating and   itchy.Feeling better now ?
@Just_Jo_123 At least you can go to bed I'm at work all day  I'm so hungover I need to get back on the wine! Vodkas not doing it for me
@just_leo ive been trying to find it online and i cant 
@just_linda i'm playing dominoes online.  so not watching anything.  
@Just_Pops so you want your kids to grow up with no sealife? 
@just_press_play    i missss youu....  are you feeling better?
@just_reva I can't  I've overspent this month And I have so much of work to do. (
@just_simple am still in Mark's 
@Just_Spiffy  Sorry to hear about the interview. Don't worry, I've done some really dumb crap at interviews. I wouldn't feel too bad.
@just_tisha ugh... You don't wanna know... East Texas. 
@just_val_4_now jerks. 
@just_yappin blame it on @twitter.  I tried to change my pic, and the end result is nothing. 
@just1mom but I don't.  lately I have good stuff 60% of the time (summer is the worst for bud bc most dealers leave town &amp; it dries up)
@just1mom I am on the regime everyday bc I haven't had access to much quality cannabis lately. nothing even close to medical quality. 
@Just2CUsmile Awww Iris, I'm sorry you are having such a rough month   (((HUGS)))
@JustA_Girl Looks like we got it here in lil ol England lol. Mind we normally get US weather about 2 weeks later 
@justababy I make that same face when I get home and your mom is watching soaps. 
@justadream2423 EMAIL ME BACK!!!!!!! agh  FINE!
@justads  Screaming does help a bit.
@justads I hope everything is alright Ads. Thinkin of u whatever it is.  Hope ur OK. X
@justads i want coffee too 
@justads Oh, that's just disgusting. And really sad. 
@justads true that, didn't know u were sick! Thought it was just from  overworkn 
@justads yeah, this series is starting to feel a little drawn out 
@justafangirlxd umm yep.. but my week's not over yet...hahay.. 
@JustAliceCullen the same ... it�s so boring here 
@JustAliceCullen yeah im fine. milly is with aj. nicks gone to work. im all alone now 
@justamedicine  That was stone cold   Crazy....  ?
@justamoochin amazing iPhone typo. Should say 'Took a football IN THE windpipe' I.e. i got hit in the throat by a shot. Hurt 
@justamoochin heh.  Great weekend here ... almost over though    Mondays suck!
@Justance hahaha Yea i think i have more books than clothes 
@justanna I want a kitty  Talkative kitties are the best. Except when you want to sleep of course &gt;_&gt;;
@justashley so nice out &amp; I'm stuck indoor working  hope u r having a great day!
@Justasimplegirl ooh yes, blackberries + awesomee. but my parents would never buy me one.  what's the dare?
@justbabel where's the giraffe pictures? i'm so disappointed! 
@JustBana Seriously? Ouch.  Derek and I have a neighbor who's a stripper, he's disgusting.
@JustBeingBow I have one of those, but she won't snuggle... 
@JustBella aww thank you for asking and in a word ... No ... can I have a hug now please 
@JustBellaCullen  humms and he didnt bring me... lol no one goes hunting with me
@JustBellaCullen Bells!!!! *smiles* Heeyyyy I am good, how are you? What are you doing? I miss you 
@justbiglee Yeah, I noticed that the season was a little short 
@justbill i wanna see 3 doors down  should have went to their show when they were in south africa 
@JustBrad7500 Bum   I'm doing french :O :O :O :O x
@JustBusyBee which zoo are you visiting? - sorry no penguins to see today 
@JustcallmeMac I love tons of old bands! My mate got to see them live!! I wanted to go!!! 
@JustcallmeMac LOL ~ yeah too bad his family kind of sucks too! We are somewhat on our own over here! 
@JustcallmeMac now I really can't play  I'll be gone for a while for sure
@JustcallmeMac Thanks for the vibes - I now have 3 mini Pisa towers but I really need a new bookshelf- i wont do a purge its hurts 
@JustcallmeMac your making me jealous now  I want one! How long have u guys been married?
@justcillee caitlin's dad decided not to drive us last minute 
@justcillee that you are lucky because you have had your hair cut i really need one 
@JustCindy_  Ha c pouche 
@justconcentrate Hopefully this year. Still no news about the visa 
@justdanella a girlie sorry about the kitty ♡ 
@justdanella So sorry to hear that!    At least it's not in pain anymore.  Feel better when you can.
@JustDarline damn that sounds like fun!!!  @jenniferohjenni don't never invite me nowhere 
@JustDarline DArLiNE!!* miss you 
@JustDaSoundGuy ahhh I wish!! I arrive at 8a and leave at 12p! 
@justdevin oh man   #Yankees are coming back - real nail biter.  Go #Rangers Go!
@justEdith omgness..... You had me scared to death, eye thought eye had upset you  and eye made it home in one piece.
@justEdith Tch... Eye'm better than any 'real' Edward *sniffles* why would you need a 'real' Edward when you gots me 
@JustElle I just went to my friend's gallery opening with @christinegonce. Back home now to be up at 5 am. 
@justerzz AWWWWH. i guess. everyone is gonna think i'm fake tho, now. 
@justESMEE omg did you get it back??? what did you get? i dont wanna get mine back  im so scared.
@JustFalling exactly 
@justfinejenjen u lef us! i didn't kn0 u was goin bak...  c u nxt time
@justflywithme and we have to go next week too! 
@JustFoxy I'm very well thanks. I'm missing Sarah...she unfollowed me   
@JustGelo Its sad knowing how they found her body. What a crazy world we live in. No child deserves that ya know. 
@justgiving But that was the only way we could track who was raising money for our event 
@justgrimes - yep saw that paper immediately after completing the test essay saying i didn't know of research on it 
@JusThatDude  don't gimme that!
@JusThatDude sorry dude  We need a whole photo shoot lol.
@JustHendo exactly. Its sad. Her kids r gonna suffer 
@justiceandcare I disagree, homosexuality is an abomination before G-d. Are you pulling for them though? 
@justicegaskarth awww he said he isnt getting on tonight 
@JustifY_MyselF halo..yes..the 1st week of the month..it's a meeting time...sometimes i feel there r too many meetings..but less action 
@justin_foster Actually I followed you previously.  Twitter sadly just auto-unfollowed you for me.  Just ask @secbarbie &amp; 100's others 
@Justin_Jordan wanted to check out your resume site but you didn't have one listed on Twitter 
@justin_smile Omg you're so mean 
@Justin_Steele I had a 3G, with dev 3.0, bought a 3GS with 3.0, tried to upgrade my 3G from dev 3.0 to 3.0, now it's bricked. 
@Justin4Q sure is and I've been there 
@JustinaMusic it WAS gonna be the 26th but I have to reschedule 
@JustinBaez PetSmart?  You support puppy mills!  Shame on you...  
@justinbieber aww i feel bad for you 
@justinbieber i just got yelled at again  i got yelled at yesterday too.
@Justinbratton6 Link no workie... 
@justincavazos I KNOW! I used 2 come 2 Dallas a lot, too. 
@justincfranklin 
@justinchon great. so you're saying *I'm* old, being 28 and all?? 
@justincookmusic see what you mean about transitions. Not crazy about them either. Or my frames. 
@justindg im sorry 
@justindrake05 8 hours..  Half of life is wasted! WASTED! @ least my countdown began an hour and 1/2 ago!
@JustineAAM Owh? *HUGS HUGS HUGS*  Hope everything's okay... :/
@justineawkward Show was alright. I had no service so I couldn't tweet you.  We'll talk later though.
@justinecashew whats wrong 
@justinechan yes haha i watched it last night. its okay i cried even though i knew people told me what happens at the end. it was sad 
@justineeg A tire, hit her in the FACE! hahahahahah oh man, it was soo amazing. too bad you couldn't go  i seriously almost peed my pants!
@justineubanks poor baby 
@justineville g'night jus. won't see you tomorrow. 
@justineville i was supposed to take the train to italy to watch the MCR concert but i didnt have a visa. 
@justinewalshe Me too. Most of it, I'd wager 
@JustinFargas how u gone ask me to tweet u nd not tweet me back  boo on u!!
@justinfleenor I thought this was a smartphone. 
@justingimelstob I hope so 
@justinglass Thanks!! 8D I wish you could come with me later to get my nose done..  Whatcha doin?
@JustinHawkins good boy taking care of that foot..hope you're not in too much pain 
@justinhawkins Sorry you can't sleep. 
@justiniiams Basically like the brother I never had 
@justiniiams You definitely are in btw a rock and a hard place 
@justinimmel - My brother and I both wanted to attend this. But he is sick, I am working, and we are both broke as shit 
@justinjap enjoy it! I want also dun have 
@justinkblack you are correct. I don't doubt my independence... i just doubt the quality of dating in LA. 
@justinkendall  Oh my bad...I'm only on Level 5!  Dang!  
@justinlabaw Yes  I'm gonna hit you in a few!
@justinlaselva ooo i wanted to go to that 
@JustinLongxxx 
@justinmccall Absolutely, those poor families.  #airfrance What a horrible tragedy.  I have such a fear of being in a plane crash.
@justinmccall Shame it is so sad about that plane crash hey? 
@JustinMGaston  what's the matter? 
@JustinMGaston aww  whats wrong!? r u okay??
@JustinMGaston Did miley dump you  awh,so sad NO ONE CARES! you douche,your an old man gramps! leave miley to be with NICK! NILEY&lt;3
@JustinMGaston i want to go see it 
@JustinMGaston Im not gonna lie I balled like a baby in that movie. So good, but so sad 
@JustinMGaston such a good movie too bad it wasnt on here 
@JustinMGaston was it? i wanna see it so bad, but i don't have any time at all 
@JustinMGaston well I'm at an airport in Japan doing nothing  because my family is asleep and I lost my headphones.  4 hour layover :/
@justinmhart Specialized Allez. Aluminium/Carbon fiber fork. All shimano components. Would love a CF frame, but they're spendy 
@justinmoorhouse Ahhh shit  Let's get Benzema to replace him please.
@justinmoorhouse guess you will be having an early night then tonight if you up at some god unearthly hour in the morning?  x
@justinmoorhouse im all cosy in the house as well  catching up on here ,just dropped hubby at airport he gone for 3wks now 
@justinmoorhouse no unfortunately not got a ticket  bet you cant wait x
@justinmoorhouse ohh  ok would be brill if you made another couple of episodes
@justinngaston phew, okay i thought you did and thought something was wrong with us. but no not really i think im losing my bestfriends 
@justinphillip no, i have another week and a day. then regents and finals start 
@JustinPollard http://bit.ly/SQ6su  - it doesn't mention anything about breaking one in though 
@justinrains Just moved to Harper's Point and they are tearing down the Kroger's here.  Am fried about it! 
@justinrichards am not 
@justinsand It's the same lame design that they've had for two years... 
@justinsatorre she married the guy from sum 41 and he made her do the laundry. 
@Justinsceneable I tried those onn, I look bad in them 
@justintevya - dude i just saw your SF pics. looks like your mini excursion was pretty kick ass! didn't see any sun while i was there tho 
@justinthesouth &amp; @sambrackett - this is crazy in south Asheville! 40 minutes so far to go maybe a total of 3 miles.. 
@justintmo  love Spitalfield.. that was some great music.. Secrets in Mirrors.. 
@justintv Oh  That's a sad story.
@JustinWalden only metroid for the wii! zelda is for the DS.. boooo! 
@JustinWConway I know I'm not there and extremely sad!! 
@justinwhitesel feel better 
@justinxliu i had ipman on my broken hdd  get michael d to send it to u
@justjaap I don't think that would work. 
@justjake We haven't managed to make a karaoke night happen yet...   But stay tuned! I feel hopeful for next week!! 
@JustJamie i cannot DM u cause u don't follow me  
@JustJared condolence to DAvid Cook's family... 
@JustJared your links are just taking me to tiny url page... idk if you realize that or not. 
@JustJayde  What happened?
@JustJayde Well that's a damn impatient buy can't wait a day or two  maybe they'll change their mind.
@JustJen00 I wanna see NKOTB SOOOO Bad LOL My cuz tried to get tickets awhile back for 1 of there shows but it was sold out  Have Fun!
@JustJenni *used* to have a small banana tree. hoped it to grow big enough to get some free bananas.. it died 2wks later after planting. 
@JustJenzz startrek is awesome? a lot has said that but michelle said that i shouldn't watch ittt and its not worth watching 
@justjessica aww that sucks 
@justjimmyjimmy but he doesn't share    lol jk
@justjimmyjimmy the piña colada song 
im taking my flu riddled body to the couch. Poor me 
Im taking this situation one day at a time 
I'm taking tomorrow off (and possibly Friday) because of my back.  Working three days this week was really hard and stressfull 
Im talking to him again. Bri go ahead and say whatever.  i can take it.
i'm talking to my cousin&lt;3 miss her a bit right now.. 
I'm talking to my jrock boyfriend, but he keeps teasing me 
im tan! yes! getting ready for taylor's going away party 
I'm telling on @ANDEOOOOO_XD cos he's not sharing his delicious brownies 
im terrified of storms  this is not cool. there is a tornado like 10 miles from my house
Im tha only one that cant leave early on fridays booo 
Im thankful my house didnt get blown away. Pictures of storm damage is insane! Prayers go out to all the ones that have to clean that up! 
im the boss..beard strak..and no girl with me 
i'm the dumbest person alive! 
im the happiest when it rains..  ja-ne!  missed Naruto Shippuuden 
I'm the happy owner of The Truth and Thief of Time. Corgi books. Aunt remembered. She also remembered ballet shoes and make up, tough 
I'm the only one sleepy since I'm sick 
Im the only one working tonight!  how did I get so lucky
I'm the slowest texter ever 
I'm the stupid one....it just hurts soo bad.....  
im think my boyfriend lied to me... 
im thinkin about movin.... 
i'm thinkin' of him. miss you.  ♥  i'm going to sleep. i hope, i'll dream with He. missya, Bill. . . ♥
I'm thinkin of you everyday 
im thinking ... grrr... 
im thinking @damohopo no longer likes me 
im thinking 2 hard...... 
I'm thinking about going off the computer to watch Lost but i have an exam in the morning 
I'm thinking about making an appearance at the pool after my iPod charges. Massive amounts of benadryl will be required. Allergies suck. 
I'm thinking about sandwiches!  In particular a pret New York Deli on Rye!  Heaven.  I think a lot about food 
I'm thinking about some cottage cheese w/fruit cocktail..though chocolate would be REALLY great, but don't have any 
im thinking bianc-eo has left  i should go, the mother believes i am doing  science homework :O
i'm thinking 'bout extensions, i desperately want long hair 
im thinking i broke my iPod...i plugged it in and it still wont turn on... 
im thinking i have a cold...ITS SUMMER THOUGH!!!! its getting tougher to talk.    
I'm thinking I may have to go buy a direct power mic...at least until I can figure out wut tha problem is wit the MI4 
I'm thinking I want to MSG someone, but being good and holding off!! 
i'm thinking it's already too late to study. and i have a MAJOR sinus headache. 
i'm thinking kris allen has more talent than he's getting credit for,i wish he'd win ai, doubt he will. 
I'm thinking like a slab of ribs would be delish for dinner! I worked out too hard and am now craving meat 
im thinking mayb i shouldnt go 2 cali 
im thinking of getting my hair cut short. but i love y long hair  i hate decisions 10
I'm thinking of joining Singapore idol! Only 4 more hours before registration closes... I gotta make a choice fast! Help 
I'm thinking of putting a video of me singing a song in youtube, LACK THE COURAGE ... HAHA 
im thinking of redoing my wall, and i want a new chair and a new tv, but no money 
I'm thinking of writing this long idea that I had planted in my mind... still can't manage to start. 
I'm thinking of you...I'm missing you...I need you 
I'm thinking people should not update their twitters before noon. 
I'm thinking that 94 degrees and humid is too hot to do anything outside... 
I'm thinking that the world is soooo unfair... and I'm sure some of you think the same as me 
i'm thinking that twitter is crazy stalker-ish...i guess that means i can't make fun of the stalker anymore 
I'm thinking using the word surprise might have been a bad choice. Surprise blows up into thoughts of gold, when all I've got is bronze 
I'm thirsty in the middle of the night and get to the fridge only to find my Brand New bottle of Cran-Cherry juice gone....  FML moment!!
im thirsty, but all we have is crummy sunkist, argh i guess i'll have water 
i'm throughly fucked for this regents. crapppapaloooza 
im ticked* my connection is being tampered w/.. 
I'm tierd but i don't want to go to sleep 
i'm tiert but have to work now 
im tipsy and in bed, and a little sad 
i'm tired   frozen yogurt with little white chocolate chips = yum. i need tea.
i'm tired  , i'm going to bed soon :|
im tired  and i dont want to my sociology exam, im too tired 
im tired  going to the movies 2moro. hershey park monday
I'm tired  goodnight twitter and @bruhq
i'm tired  idk what to do.
im tired - not a good sign for what is gonna be a busy night 
I'm tired &amp; want to go to bed! But I have two assignments due in tommorrow 
I'm tired .. going to bed .. church tomorrow  .. gonna be weird though .. without all these peeps including him .. 
I'm tired and bored  on the bright side i feel good!
I'm tired and I just realized how much I miss my baby 
i'm tired and i want my monkey here. 
I'm tired and I want to sleep  Nelson Nguyen&lt;333
I'm tired and ready to go home 
im tired and sad because a frienn died..  I'm listening to music too.
im tired and saw 
im tired and sick! it suuuuucks 
I'm tired as hell...I just wanna crawl back 2 my bed 
im tired but i can sleep. i broke my phone 2day and i didnt feel dood  and ppl (cough cough wonder who) r kinda acting like butts
I'm tired but i cant get back to sleep  oh well   going to do a whole lot of nothing today
I'm tired for everything 
im tired im too full i think it might be to hot an i havent had caffeine  lol that dont stop dem from bein persistent (even if i want to)
I'm tired It's not that hot 2day  need to clean up do some washing &amp; some very boring studying it's stressing me out!!!
Im tired of acting like it doesnt bother me and im also beginning to question my friends &quot;actions&quot;. i wish i had someone to talk to. 
i'm tired of being alone too.. 
I'm tired of being broke 
I'm tired of being in Philly. I'm ready to go home.    
I'm tired of being sick. Wish I could calll in sick but I'm already at work 
I'm tired of being treated like shit. 
I'm tired of fighting with my wife. can someone help. pleas 
I'm tired of getting called a guy, ugh. 
I'm tired of living on a bus 
I'm tired of my pillow being the only thing next to me at night   Tick-Tick-Tick
I'm tired of never getting phone calls from my friends and family...tired of fb taking the place of one-on-one conversations. 
I'm tired of not being able to see my boyfriend, and now he's even further way than before 
Im tired of so and so telling me they wont go see a movie with me because their so and so wants to see it too. I want my so and so back. 
Im tired of the 9 to 5 bull shit 
I'm tired of the waiting and the wondering... 
I'm tired of thinking. wondering. dreaming of you.  it's a constant nightmare.
im tired of this. i need to watch some basketball. can't wait till the finals start next week!  grrr.
im tired of you! you're being so evil to me 
I'm tired of youtube!!! I'm trying to make videos, but nobody like them 
I'm tired out. Going to sleep now. Blegh  school tomorrow. Rly can't wait till weekend.
Im tired so if anyone havin live blog gonna miss it 
i'm tired tired tired  ; more than a game, my passion (volleyball) ; loveyouguys&lt;3
im tired too tired 
Im tired!! Gonna b another hot day tomorrow... Got the dentist though 
I'm tired, but I can't sleep 
I'm tired, I'm extremely tired 
I'm tired, irritable, and have a headache 
I'm tired, last week in school starts tomorrow. SAD! 
im tired, too much work to do 
I'm tired.  Honey ? I'm soo sorry about that. I wish,that wouldn't happened.  But it must !
i'm tired. and feel slightly ill. 
i'm tired. i cannot read. i refuse to. i need to go on vaca 
I'm tired. I didn't sleep well last night. Too much shit to worry about. I still got up at 5am thinking I had work today 
I'm tired. I feel like crap. And the world feels all crummy. Make me happy, USB disco mouse. 
I'm tired. I'm getting my hair did tomorrow. I have to wake up before 12. 
I'm tired. No work today or tomorrow! Poor keagan 
I'm tired. Today's Saturday and I have nothing to do 
I'm tired. Would type more, but wayy to sleepy.  
im tired..  but ill find some energy for the partyyyyy tomorrow night.. ;)
I'm tired.. I'm stressed.. I'm exhausted.. 
Im tired.. very tired..  I dyed my hair but then lauren smothered it in cocoa butter   Oh wells... Twas funny... http://tinyurl.com/o5rol7
im tired... gotta go to the store in two hours.. :'( BUYING FOOD!  No clothes..  I guess we'll do it on friday.. 
Im tired.... last night my feet hurt so much I thought my skin would peel off 
I'm tired.....and def need a massage.... 
im tired....work hard! 
I'm tired...I can sleep until Nateara calls,  I want that cat,
I'm tired...Really tired.. 
im tiredd  this rain should end!
im to freakin hot to sleep!! 
im to fucking tired ,i cba to go to fucking dance 
im to hot 
I'm to lasy to study right now but I have to 
I'm to the point of crying right now .  I'll never be able to understand how things that are perfect can screw up in the blink of an eye .
I'm told the sun will be making a cameo appearance later today. For now the gray overcast curtain is still firmly in place. 
I'm too 
I'm too afraid to even comment on her video or page in case she thinks i'm an absolute freak, i think i best just leave it 
im too BIG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! need to get thinner  but my friends said i don't look like im THAT heavy...............
im too bored to just sit and wait for something exciting to happen....im going offline 
im too cranky to party, i got sent home by @charmaineadrina 
I'm too far from Monaco 
Im too high 2 b thinkin about this shit right now. &amp; I live alone 
I'm too hot 
Im too hungry to listen 
I'm too hungry!!! My head hurts 
I'M TOO INDECISIVE!!! i want a camera, but i can't pick one 
Im too lazy  how can i be more hard-working (
I'm too lazy to get Lilys album, someone, please get it for me? 
I'm too lazy to move but it sounds like a nice day out. Hurrah. Sorta sleepy  oh well
im too scared to do http://hotel626.com 
I'm too sick to work on my art- 3 days into my freelance and this happens! 
i'm too sleep deprived to enjoy all this house music i'm playing - I will never stay up till 4:30 am only to get up for school at 6am    
I'm too sleepy to keep playing Sims 3  Brain not functioning! Probably shouldn't have stayed up all night, but I guess it payed off.
I'm too sleepy to work  How long will this go on?  Lunch-less, sleep-less work 
Im too sleepy to work out and dance right now 
I'm too slow on the ipod and unable to remember English qotes correctly to take part in the Dr Who quiz 
i'm too small to give blood at today's work blood drive 
I'm too tired to be going in to Dundee 
I'm too tired to do anything! 
I'm too tired to sleep 
I'm too tired to sleep. 
I'm too warm 
I'm TORN between a PalmPRE and iPhone 3G S. The keyboard on the Pre is too small for my hands  HELP!!
I'm torn, because watching Beethoven means there's an adorable bear of a puppy on my screen but there are people being mean to dogs too 
I'm torn..   do I let more beer in or more food in?? hello New Castle!!! #fb
Im totally about to cry. I cant curl my hair 
I'm totally against racing animals for profit, but Mind That Bird was  impressive! I was forced to watch under the influence of alcohol 
I'm totally bummed the Cavs lost. I thought King James was gonna pull this one off... Guess not 
I'm totally cheesed off,the weather blows and it's totally cramping my style 
im totally doing nothing on a friday night  blahhhh
I'm totally flakin on bay to breakers cause I'm too fuckin hung over. Looks like Its the pan rim test in old sac 
im totally frustrated now..dont know wat 2 do..  
I'm totally going to sleep now. Uhgg...that midnight movie really screwed up my sleep schedual. Aaannnd! I even hit the gym earlier too! 
im totally lost when no one can help me. i feel totally helpless and hopeless 
I'm totally not going to pass my 203 course. 
Im totally shocked about whats happening in Iran!!  Its just sad what they are doing to innocent people who are trying to express themself
I'm totally stressed!! No unemployment check coming in no food in the house! and checks are bouncing 
I'm trapped in my a fat and old body ! I have no choice 
im tried and have to go back to the hell hole tomorrow 
im tried. and when i get tired, i either get sad or...well no. i just get sad. i miss my brother  i want him to come homeeee
I'm tryin so hard 2 finish charting on my patients &amp; complete my expense reports but I don't wanna. I shouldve done this shit yesterday 
im tryin to be a tropper but this labret piercing is driving me crazy, i mean now im hearin it takes MORE then 2 weeks to heal 
I'm tryin to go to sleep but I can't stop thinking about someone. 
I'm trying 2 finish my accounting homework but some one is still on my mind. 
I'm trying not to but that one note's a feisty little guy. 
Im trying not to cry while Chatting with Pat. I just cant! :'( I miss her! 
im trying not to think about you 
I'm trying REALLY hard not to completely freak out and I'm not doing a good job at it. 
i'm trying SO hard to like the grates because omfg patience is ADORABLE!!! but i just can't  urgh
im trying so hard to work on my trust issues ~sighs~ 
I'm trying to conform to DOT to avoid another ticket 
I'm trying to convince @MissJess that she wants to see Transformers but it's not working very well.  I need a boy to go to movies with.
i'm trying to do my fisic/math homework  boring
i'm trying to do my work  and watching come dine with me 
I'm trying to figure out how i can get Vista to work with my XP hardware using Virtual PC.  No luck so far and not having very much fun 
Im trying to figure out how this twitter thing works  
I'm trying to figure out how to post music, but I can't figure it out!  
Im trying to figure out how to put a picture up on there! its just not working  !
Im trying to figure out why my IPhone has crashed whilst updating  I think I've broke it
I'm trying to find a pic for twitter but all that  ihave are too big or can't upload. So I shall remain faceless  lol
im trying to find a wat to install the pdf add-in for office 2007 portable edition....no luck! 
I'm trying to find an online RPG to play. But I can't choose. 
I'm trying to find tickets for the israeli final four basketball game next week  in TLV but the price is CRAZY!!! some one please HELP!!! 
I'm trying to finish my work.... not helping with a toothache though 
I'm trying to focus and be positive...but it's hard 
i'm trying to focus on my paper because it's due in about an hour and i have had a real bad day my mom is in the hospital again 
Im trying to follow everybody who just started following me  but twitter is acting up 
i'm trying to get the whole concept of twitter don't really understand yet 
I'm trying to get warm!!!!!! 
im trying to make my password to my health insurance login &quot;2xAnal&quot; but its not letting me cuz its not 8 characters 
I'm trying to pack some more! We are moving to Austin, TX next month!!! I don't want to go 
I'm trying to patiently wait...but i want to MOVE! 
I'm trying to play &quot;Georgiana&quot; by Dario Marianelli in my piano but   I need more practice! lol my piano skills are really bad right now!
Im trying to post kitty pics in the teen forum, but it wont let meeeeeee. 
I'm trying to pretend that I DON'T NEED a new iPod until my birthday comes. 
I'm trying to see Justin's video on SNL... 
i'm trying to seperate my time to spend it with all of you today, but i dont think im gonna get to everyone 
I'm trying to smile like Miyavi. It's not working. 
I'm trying to stay awake till my little girl gets home from a girl scout trip to the lake - they are taking forever to get back. 
I'm trying to tag myself on @Jonasbrothers picture on facebook but it already has 50 tags.  lol
I'm trying to take a picture of the drawing I did of ddub. It's hard cause it doesn't capture all of the shading in his face  I'm TRYING!!
I'm trying to think whether history revision is actually going to help me at this stage 
I'm trying to upload some pics from last night onto facebook!!! But it aint going so well 
i'm trying to watch an old lifetime movie but my internet is going too slow...and youtube isnt helping! &gt; 
I'm trying to write my thesis...don't think I will make it 
im trying very hard to instal songs on to my TG mobile! wish me luck for my exam in 6hours haha 2am nw exam=8am NOT GOOD 
I'm turning off this account because people are abusing it. Sorry guys 
I'm turning to a full time shopaholic now. last weeks expenses was 200, and I just started off e 1st day of e week with another 100. 
im tweeting at work, business is slow 
I'm tweetless without miPhone   can't wait for the new one...which is shipping from....china?
I'm twitsessed&lt;-LOL!!!! I can't sleep. again. I'm having non-sleep nights, they've to end, because I'm going back to school (may 6) 
I'm twitsessed&lt;--LOL!!!! I can't sleep. again. I'm having non-sleep nights, they've to end, because in going back to school (may 6) 
I'm Twitter dumb. Just saw my &quot;@thecraftpantry.com&quot; &amp; all the kind folks who've tweeted me. AH!So sorry, I'm not ignoring you, just SLOW. 
I'm twittering cause i'm fed up with studying all the time 
i'm twittering now, cos the smell of bacon is making me fell sick and i dont like these germans,  grrrr...... stupid disney stars 
I'm twitting from a Nokia E61i but I wish it was an iPhone 
im typing my nonsense feelings! 
i'm uber duper jealous on david cook and archuleta's fans.  i really really wish @taylorswift13 also visits the philippines.
i'm uncool 
I'm unhappy about my @jessiimiica not having internet until Wednesday 
I'm unhappy that Sarah Connor got terminated. 
I'm up  amy's coming around today so i have to clean my room 
I'm up &amp; out mad early...feeling sick as a dog since yesterday. Hope it's not swine flu... 
im up &amp; still trying 2 wake up then later i probably have 2 pack bcuz 2morrow we are goin 2 a hotel in ann arbor bcuz of my dad again 
I'm up after 4hrs of sleep and no sight of a bed again until at least 9 tonight  and then back up at 3am to run to the Arch, this sucks!
Im up again ya'll (BOOO!) forgot I have an event I have to attend. Damn I just want to rest 
I'm up and alive! Looks like a beautiful day out... Thanks for the Gemini horoscope @missjo_ladie! Got the late shift today...  11-8pm 
I'm up and at em early today..even though I am going to work from home today I still gotta go in the office for 2 hours for a meeting 
I'm up and at the library now. Ready to start my day from hell. 
Im up and at um, haha! Ready to go shopping, shame my mum is late, im gonna miss the train now  Never mind, theirs always moreeee!
I'm up and feel crap  oh well what's new
im up and I dont wanna be cuz I gotta go clean my room. 
I'm up and I want donuts and coffee from dunkin donuts 
im up and leaving in 6 minutes.not enough time to play the sims  cant wait till 6..wonder if i can squeeze a 530 outta this.
I'm up and need to head to the gym but I would rather get back in bed 
I'm up and the skys are gray this am 
I'm up at 4:30am thanks to this WONDERFUL thunder storm  I hate it! I love storms, but not when I'm sleeping and they wake me up.
Im up at 7 am on my day off just to go to the dentist 
I'm up at the buttcrack of dawn! Sleepies! 
I'm up at this hour becausei slept early? So bull. 
I'm up bit I'm so tired. 
I'm up but didn't sleep well thanks to early am phone calls from work. 
Im up early and i have a headache  lifes hard like donkeys &amp; tomatoes!
I'm up early bcuz i miss my kids...they're with their aunty having fun i'm sure but i always miss them when they're away. 
i'm up early cos i was told the builders were coming this morning but they're not now. I can't get back to sleep 
I'm up early no thanks to my dog  
I'm up facing the music.  Have to drive out to North Frisco, and I'm not too excited about it..... 
I'm up for playing some Pokémon Yellow, only the non-backlit screen would make play very hard. 
i'm up from my nap- now i got work to do  and get some dinner... what shall a sista eat?
im up getting Ready foR woRk...followed by a woRkout...12 hRs of fun! Wat am i gonna do with this haiR?? 
Im up guys this my last day and im goin bacc home tomorrow 
Im up im up :p... grandpa willl be intown today! ... having my car towed to mechanics 
I'm up I'm up...  well here's to a long ass day!
I'm up late with insomnia  let me twitter dat.
im up now abd wathching Primevil as seen as i couldn't watch it last night 
I'm Up Now... I Need To Be Goin To Church, Haven't Been Since Mother's Day!!   I Need To Get On It
I'm up so early...btw, Year One was the worst movie ever. It wasn't funny at all. I wasted the little money I have. 
I'm up still,can't sleep&amp;thinkin about jessi  we havnt talkd in almost 2 weeks,idk how much longr this can go on, we start talkn&amp;then stop
im up to 32 sneezes...this is not normal 
I'm up too early 2day  wanna go bk to bed
I'm up toooo and I have work at 1130 
I'm up way to late to be working for a client 12:10 AM  #fb
Im up way too early on my last day off 
I'm up way too early! &gt;&lt; haha trying to finish Eclipse then getting last minute stuff for dad. Ugh I do NOT wanna work today 
I'm up! I already miss my computer. 
I'm up! Late but up. Something knocked the robin's nest out of the tree over night. 
i''m up! now i want to go back to sleep 
I'm up, but it is way too early, I sometimes don't even get up at this time on a school day. besides that, I like had 4 hours sleep,  LOL!
i'm up, i'm up. ugh. no water until 8pm tonight. i hate the city  i feel gross and need a shower even though i had one before bed. ugh
I'm up, it's late. I want to sleep but my body isn't ready to. It sucks 
im up, think i might go back to bed. still tired 
I'm up. But I'm so sleepy. 
I'm up. it's like really cold this early in the morning! Oh... and I didn't really sleep much 
I'm up.. I miss Ceania 
I'm up.. Time to get ready for work... I'm super tired 
Im up... I slept an hour last night... Death.... 
I'm up...and not overly happy about it 
im upp im crazy plpz crazy lol crrrrraaazzyyy!!!! im up ok im off 2 bed now by myself tonite   so lonely
im upset  @shaunamaness lol i miss ya'll
im upset  life sucks, the same things keep happening to me. i dont want it to be like this  argh... but, i love emma woollams SO much &lt;3
I'm upset I didn't make it on American Idol 
I'm upset I just burned and bit my lip ... Being the over weight lover 
I'm upset I missed HAWTHORNE tonight 
i'm upset i missed run's house and charm school! i need to plug my tv back in  this is not cool!
i'm upset it's almost over 
