I lost 2 followers.  )
I lost 2 followers.  back to 98 now.  do i talk too much?
I lost 2 followers...     I am that boriing?
I lost 3 followers  Oh well. I'm really sleepy Jsyk. Not much to talk about today, I'm in a self loathing mood.
I lost 3 followers today  Time 2 whore it up! #hot #horny #Sexy #wild #WideOpen #oral Wait a sec! That's gonna attract the wrong followers
I lost 3 followers today! 
i lost 3 of my horny hotties last night. 
i lost 4 followers 
I lost 4 people!! 
I lost a big friend  he doesn't talk me  I miss you... you are for me a brother, I'm sorry so much :'(
I lost a few followers overnight. Aww. 
I lost a few followers... 
i lost a follower  im gonna go cry now
I lost a follower. 
I lost a follower.  Ohhh, who cares anyway. )
I lost a follower? 
i lost all my baby weight..its so sad..i'm back and fourth between 80-85lbs..i'm eating..so i don't know whats going on? 
I lost all my contacts 
i lost all my friends, i'm alone and sleepy..i wanna go home 
i lost all of my bookmarks. 
i lost an earring.  they were a very special gift from someone i love very much.  bummer
i lost another follower 
I lost another follower  I want some new friends please, lol
I lost at candyland  ~Melanie
I'm gonna sound really sick/stupid now O.o  But.. I miss having anorexia   Gah, I know that is stupid but I hate being fat.
i'm gonna start reading &quot;the boy in the striped pyjamas&quot; now. i'm scared i'll get sad 
Im gonna take a HEAT STROKE ITS SOOO HOT ,,,THANK GOD IM NOT A MAN CUZ WE WOULD STARVE ITS LIKE THE PITS OF HELL 
I'm gonna take a nap now before I have to go to work 
I'm gonna take a short nap.. I almost in giving out thumbs, which sucks big time coz I'm in a swarming mood.. 
im gonna to try to put a positive spin on things...working 26 of the next 48 hours....fuck, shit, damn,      ..... damn I tried..
I'm gonna uninstall Safari 4; at the moment it's just a Toffee Apple of Chrome...and what I liked about Safari is gone in it 
Im gonna wait 2 get the new iphone, my contract isnt up yet anyway!!  looks cool though! Back 2 sleep!
I'm gonna watch the not-so-secret announcement of the trainwreck that is Jon and Kate Plus 8. Divorce is such an awful thing, poor kids 
I'M GRADUATING TODAY. NOOOOOOOOO. I'm gonna miss high school  Class of '09 so fine!
I'm grateful for my jobs but I kinda wish I had 2day off. I need a day to get over this cold 
I'm grounded 
I'm grounded  I injured my foot and flittering really hurts. I  can't help feeling a little useless performing today.
I lost by one year while playing &quot;remember the time&quot; on john jay and rich's morning show. No front row to pink. 
I lost every phone number in my contacts 
I lost fab ice lolly as a follower. These are very dark days 
I lost followers last night 
i lost friends, when i didnt do anything 
I lost in star wars monopoly 
I lost it 
I lost like 10 followers  Wish I could see who unfollows
I lost more followers today  Oh well, fuck 'em if they can't take a joke!
i lost my  camera 
I lost my &quot;world&quot;..disconnectd from life, no email, no texts(know I got a stack) an pics..glad I deleted some of them..new phone tomorrow 
I lost my @PockeTwit .cab file after my ROM update 
I lost my 5 dollar bill on my way to get my coffee this morning 
i lost my animal crackers 
I lost my AV cable for my ps2 
I lost my beard this morning 
i lost my Black Berry 9000 Phone in the  airport of Singapore 
I lost my blackberry    pitty   they making calls as well since im negotiating to give me back
I lost my Brother in Feb 27...I sure miss him.  
I lost my 'burn after reading' dvd  and i havent see that movie yet
I lost my cat, shimy. It's been 4days already 
i lost my cell last night  had to pay 399 for a new one! grrrr
I lost my cell phone. 
I lost my chanel earrings 
i lost my cool heartshaped striped sunglasses last night...i think they got stolen  bugger
I lost my cord for my digital camera. Everyone please look for it 
I lost my damn wallet  I'm extremely upset...first my eyes now my wallet not to mention dumb men in my life ughh I need a vacation...now
I lost my dancing techniques! 
i lost my english-greek dictionary 
i lost my fav yellow hoodieeee 
I lost my favorite earphones !!!!.... this sucks .... alot .... 
I lost my favorite pen that i've been using since I started back @ school in '07 
I lost my favourite little boy today, my baby brother. How do I eat, smile or do anything.  He was only 16 months old. It's not fair.
I lost my glitter ball 
I lost my Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone PS game 
I lost my iPhone last nite, not cool at all 
i lost my ipod and my phone!! fml 
I lost my ipod! I'm hoping its in my brother's car! 
I LOST MY IPOD!!!!!! 
I lost my iPod, there goes 8 gigs of my life 
i lost my jump drive  but housewives comes on tonight! woooo!!!
I lost my license! 
I lost my lip gloss in my father's taxi  - http://tweet.sg
I lost my lotto ticket. I bet this was the one where I won the jackpot too. 
I lost my MojoJojo Keychain last night.  If you see it around let me know! http://bit.ly/IB9zA
I LOST MY NECKLACE  *sigh* ... and the buses where mean to me. gahhh!! ...MEGA MOO!
I lost my phone   This really kinda sucks, as I shamefully didn't have much of anything backed up.
i lost my phone again 
i lost my phone and threw up neon yellow yuckness all morning.. yay... 
i lost my phone at the mall  and my parents said i cant get another
I lost my phone charger. now i can only charge it in the car 
i lost my phone. 
I lost my phone... 
I lost my picture up here and it won't come back up.... 
i lost my purse 
I lost my rainbow bracelet in my room somewhere  someone help me find it!
I lost my retainer.  my moms gonna be pissed.
I lost my ring tonight 
I lost my softball game last night,  11-9 I'd rather play with my guitar, than play with bats and balls.
I lost my straw in the abyss that is my orange juice 
I lost my sweedish fish 
I lost my tail on Thursday  Sad times.
i lost my usb wire after i found my cameraa 
I lost my voice a day before an oral test 
i lost my voice from screaming soo much 
I lost my voice from yelling over the music 
i lost my voice!!!!!! 
I lost my voice.  if anyone finds it please let me know.
i lost my voice. sore throat. gross. 
I lost my wallet  I'm soooooo pissed
I lost my wallet at #buschgardens today. 
I lost my wallet night before last at the opening of transformers. Lame 
I lost my wallet! 
I lost my wallet, so I am sitting in a Starbucks looking sad. Maybe someone will offer me a drink.  I'm hungry.
I lost of apart of my soul today....I love you and miss you like crazy sis (RIP Tia) 
I lost one of my fav rings.  
i lost one of the most amazing contest's every :|| the pain is unbearable &lt;--spelled wrong 
i lost part of my stse++ now i get to start all over  help
i lost scrabble in spanish by one point!!!! 
i lost some followers 
I lost the $20 I just got. Pretty sure it fell out of my back pocket and someone burgled it from me.  Sport event tonight in Katzweiler...
I lost the doofa so i cannit put big brother on 
I lost the game  thanks @ilobmirt http://www.furaffinity.net/journal/766563
i lost the game #thegame 
I lost the game. 
i lost the link to my blog 
i lost the pearl in my ring 
I lost the stylus of my phone  .. Not that i use it but still.
I lost too many Rolandos 
I lost two subscribers. My day is ruined 
I lost.  oh well.
I love #BBC Antique shows! #CashInTheAttic has changed times on me 
I LOVE #followfriday but I have have HAVE to go get some work done.  
I love #Phish ... sad I couldn't get tickets 
I was just called 'anaemic'...not a compliment! 
I was just called hipster scum on the street 
I was just checking Google Analytics (which I obsessively do every morning) and saw that 5 people Googled &quot;alterna tickers not working?&quot; 
i was just in my room practicing screaming. and my mom was in the hall and she heard me and was like &quot;sarah, are you okay?&quot; hahah 
I was just informed via DM that my followers that don't tweet with me are scared of me..Huh? Why? I'm super sweet and very nice! Hmph!  
i was just listening to music on tv, and kinda enjoying the tune, i look at the tv, and its miley cyrus. my ears need disinfecting 
I was just reminded about graduation. Ohhh man i started tearing up. I'm going to miss all my friends so much. Things won't be the same 
I was just rudely awaken from my nap 
I was just thinking how long its been since I have eaten at a restaurant alone.Here I am, eating alone  Joel is running around w/ the boys
I was just thinking of Farrah Fawcett the other day  Rest in Peace Farrah
I was just thinking something... I really miss my hair. Come back hair, I miss you! 
I was just thinking while watching Punkd.Ashton crushed my dreams.I really wanted to get punkd one day 
I was just told i have gestational diabetes. damn this sucks! gotta prick my finger and test my blood 
I was just told i walk like a duck 
I was just told that I was a hostile person... Not sweet kind innocent Amy....NOoo 
i was just watching pete wentz on larry king... poor invisible children! 
I was Kristin Stewerts #1 on myspace today!!!!! im sad that its done 
I was laying on my bed i stood up and fell over and hit my head on the cabinet next to my bed...i now have a lump on my head 
I was leaping around because I thought I heard the mail man. I sprained my ankle &amp; it wasn't even him! 
i was learning how to dance lol i really suck.. and tomorow 2 wish me luck cause i need it.. no joke... 
I was left by *everyone* I know tonight. I made friends with strangers... That hurts. 
I was listening to this song and now i feel sad..... 
i was lookin 4 somethin 2 wear so i went 2 open my hundred-and-somethin year old dresser that my great great grandpa made...then it broke 
im grounded and sad while my friends are shopping i am revising and doing chores! 
I'm grounded because I threw my brother's iPod under the lawn mower while he was mowing! 
im grounded because i use twitter too much ! not fair 
I'm grounded til tomorrow. Sorry to anyone I made plans with.  It'll have to be tomorrow. (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/x332r
im grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode 
im grounded, so i can't go. sorry. i wuld if i culd. 
im growing a little tried of this illness now! i cant join in with the family all chillaxing outside 
I'm grumpy this morning 
Im guessing hes not goin to call after all.  i wish he did. Imp&lt;3 cant wait till hes back in sd
i'm guessing my tiffany's necklace and box grew a pair of legs and ran away  ahhhhh
im guessing no-ones online 
IM GUESSING SLAVES DON'T GET FED THESE DAYS? FUCK. 
i'm gunna cry when asher &amp; kay kiss in fame  better yet, i'll close my eyes.
im gunna fail my maths test!   &quot;hello summer school&quot;
IM GUNNA FAILLLLLLL.  i hate geo 
im gunna miss you too daniel D; i cant belive were already gradating thats so lame!! 
im gutted bowt the katie n peter situation  xxxxxx
I'm gutted I can't find my sick sunglasses.   oh well. How's is everyone this fit afternoon?
i'm gutted/angry i missed out on GUK tickets 
I'm h0me.. Just g0t back fr0m the dentist,... can't eat 
im half asleep @ our christian bale night but lisa is still watching the machinst. i wanna go home already 
Im half blind at work today  my contact ripped and i had to get rid of it. At least it happened to my better eye!
I'm half way through the 1000 spam comments pending in wordpress, since aksimet was down on he back end.. Can only do 20 at a time 
I'm halfway into Lines, Vines... and I'm kinda disappointed. 
Im hanging out with Brooke. LOL. No one reads mine. 
I love @angiee_k even though she's always being mean to me and calling me an old fart. It makes me sad. 
i love @cailey_corio :] &amp; i'm going to miss youu soo much too, alll of you 
I love @mitchelmusso very much  I called him, but he was talking to other fans  I love you a lot Mitchel! I'll see u in El Cajon. June 7
I love @mjpoke ! @vendittoli where r u today? Awfully quiet 
I love @ulevich and miss her very much 
I love 3.0 but my shazam isn't working and all my prev. saved tags are gone 
I love aaaaanttz, hawluh! Currently chillen at hippos padddddddd TLTMMLML  Me and rachelle misses juanzkeez  -christanx
I love all of my friends. Even though i never really get to see them 
I love all this rain!! shame its not cold out too 
I was looking forward for my first drink since April... so not happening tonight  wa wa me.
I was looking forward to eating this bagel, but it's has hard a rock.  boo!
I was looking forward to sleeping in, but now I  can't sleep and am up at the same time as work days. 
I was looking forward to The Sims 3. Turns out EA hates my Macbook. GMA 950 video chipset. Very Sadface. 
i was lucky that a guy passed to the pharmacy today - he got me some optrex for my super red eyes i woke up with 
I was M.I.A today, sorry bout that. Hope everyone had a great Saturday  Tomorrow is Father's Day and my Husband works  Not coo 
i was meant to be goin to the beach today wit aussie  but the bus never came 
I was meant to be out of bed at 9, but no I went to sleep again. I hate having less time to get ready 
I was meant to go ballooning today but it's too windy 
i was mistaken...and im still sore and i miss my computer and i wish i could start feeling better already 
I was not aware that pretty looks were this big in #science 
I was not happy 2 b locked out of my jetta car tonight  came home 2 find my hidden house key wasn't there! locked out of the house 2 FUCK!
I was not impressed with being forced to have Shreddies today, instead of Crunchy Nut 
I was on page 1, then I had to get work done  @Trinitywillow Not doing 2 bad on Mr.Universe contest. Page 3 is better then page 21.
I was on the back of a horse today and got to do whatever I wanted!I galloped and galloped and it was SWEET!I'm already feeling the pain 
I was on the top 10 ticketholders for the Target E-Gift Card on Raffstar, but now I'm #12 
I was on the verge of destroying my Solar Fire 
I was one number away from $700 
I was only outside 5 minutes, and I'm sweating like insane   It's too hot today
i was planning on evening out my burn today, but the clouds make me think that might not work 
I was planning on going skating with @firestarter616 today but he cudnt make it  what a letdown =P
I was planning to go out to take photos this am. But it's raining cats and dogs 
I was planning to go to Nat &amp; Alex concert. but we can't match the schedule 
i was planning to have a barbaque tonight but it looks like its gonna rain 
I was played for a fool. Again. 
I was playing wii tennis while the tornado sirens were going off, i miss everything!  haha
i was posting like a stupid  i get it know Dee Dee Dee 
I was practicing &amp; this sudden wave of &quot;what am I doing with my life&quot; washed over me. I'm scared about moving 
I'm happy Judge Baum ruled in favor of not moving Coyotes right now but following the Yotes org., looks like they wanna leave! So sad. 
I'm happy that i finished school! but i gotta go back for exams tomoz  School hates us.... screw that!
I'm happy with my grades, I'm developing a cold 
Im happy.. i get to spend time with my preggo best friend.. she doesnt get out much 
I'm hating I fitness and salads right now. Why can't I find overhead dumbbell press/shoulder press? I'm prolly just dumb 
i'm hating my modem right about now...a tech won't be her till friday 
i'm hating myself. 
I'm hating that I do not have a legitimate pair of contacts to get me through the day! I despise being vision impaired 
im haveing brian block thinking of a new video idea  you guys got any ideas?
Im haven my pc upgraded 2day so i wont be twittering for the next few days or so 
im havin a huge craving for donuts!!! but im broke 
I'm having a bad allergy day 
I'm having a bad day.                               ...
I'm having a BF cuz Mars Volta is doing a show during the one week that I cant go.  
I'm having a day in the house with my 4 month old baby girl jessica ... its been raining all day  rain rain go away!!
I'm having a fantastically miserable time so far... 
I'm having a lobster nose. I should have worn sunscreen when going out today. 
I'm having a massive HEADACHE  ouch. gotta go now, bye
I'm having a panic attack, so I can't sleep. Distracting myself with TV and internet. Hope this goes away soon 
Im having a really bad headache right now  
I'm having a really hard time falling asleep knowing Emily's not in her bed 
im having a shitty day   ..
I'm having a stressful week 
I'm having a strop because my birthday is too far away and I want my present 
I'm having a very bad day 
I'm having a very bad time, trying to get my Dad a chimenea for fathers day  any other suggestions??
I'm having access issues again.  Ugh, suckage! At least I can view and post via the proxy, but I want to be able to browse the normal way.
I'm having an early Follow Friday.  Wish I could find more people from around home 
I'm having an exame in 3 hours. I defenetly won't pass it. There are 8 more in 3 weeks 
i'm having an incredibly frustrating day! had a disagreement with the bank earlier and now stressing over wk. this sucks 
I'm having bizarre chest pains...really uncomfortable  Weird...
I'm having boy troubles 
im having freaking terrible horrible soarthroat i cnt sleep. 
im having gastric problem. oh my mama, help.. 
im having high fever 
I'm having issues! I'll just have to make it do what it do! 
I'm having Jonas depression, I wish tomorrow was wembley again, boohoo 
I'm having major issues with this app today 
I'm having Nashville withdrawls..I miss it soo much the town and my best friends ...and I still have a year of school left 
I'm having no luck trying to buy a car 
I'm having nothing to do. 
I'm having oj withdrawals.. Really! Sad  I need Tropicana OJ high pulp.
I'm having problem to access my Google Feed Reader? aren't you? I tried to open with Chrome and Firefox but it didn't work 
I'm having problems downloading pics on FB!!! 
I'm having real iPhone envy...I should have ported and got one - too late now I guess 
Im having really bad insomnia right now... 
I'm having severe internet withdrawals...I need a cold rag and some advil 
Im having some problems installing Windows 7 RC1 
I'm having some rather bipolar moments today. I guess I need to that Rx refilled that ran out 4 days ago.  Wanna go pick it up for me? 
I'm having such a good time its gonna b hard 2 go back 
I'm having such a hard time dealing with everything  I can't help but think about her alot :/ I wonder how shes handling this. Is she  ...
I'm having such a horrible night 
I'm having sunday morning class. The room is cold and I'm starving 
I'm having surgury tonight. I'm having my gal bladder removed  JPC &lt;3
Im having tati for lunch. I mean with.   Lonelyandroid ):
I'm having the best time but my eyes are seriously dropping! Boo. I'm a party pooper 
I'm having trouble concentrating...  Is it just lack of sleep? Combined stress? General unmotivation? *sigh*
I'm having trouble fallinG asleeeeep!!!!! I think this bed is lonely 
I'm having trouble keeping my eyes open.  I still have three hours of work left. 
I'm having trouble with the Yahoo video links. 
im having twhirl problems  Again!
I'm having twitter withdrawal symptoms. Dipping in and out isn't good enough for me! I'm so out of the loop 
Im having withdrawal symptoms from the Hard Rock cafe  Not been for over a month ... I think im obsessed
I'm having withdrawal symptoms now 
im having withdrawl symptoms with New York 
I'm having withdraws of target  bring it back!
I'm headache! Poor me!  the weather in margarita its terrible. http://myloc.me/55jZ
I'm headed off. Sorry I couldn't talk for longer  Shopping time HUZZAH! (btw figured our where I learnt that from. Adi!)
Im headed to bed... I feel so dejected... I know she said that we would be outta contact until friday, but i miss my lady... 
I'm heading out to the store in a few. Fun times!  God, it's times like this I wish I had a cell phone. I'll see y'all in a little while!
I'm heading to Cornwall. 
I was premature. The Sims 3 is a cock tease.  Or my PC is a cock block. One of the two.
I was probably insane to work out in this heat! Only got 2 miles in 
I was proding a youghurt and AND AND IT EXPLODED OVER ME 
i was quite happy with my red wine &amp; twix until Matt Preston pulled out those Dim Sum 
I was 'randomly' chosen to be the subject to a special security check.  They made me feel like a terrorist 
i was readin dat thing 4 demi and selenas new people special and it made me miss my bff... 
I was reading about food radiation in Scientific America. Made me think twice before eating those nice looking strawberries on the table 
I was reading Get Backers Volume 7 and then I realized it was late! I made my sandwich for tomorrow's lunch, and now I have a stomachache 
I was reading the tweets that got send to me while lying down with my phone above my face, i dropped it &amp;it hit me in the mouth 
I was reading up on the #IranElection which led me to their language which led me to try and learn at least 1 word. I realized it's hard. 
I was really brave at the dentist. Sore teeth, numb face 
i was really excited over finding banana cake mix for 99cents, but i just looked at the box and it says &quot;best if used by May 2007&quot; 
I WAS REALLY hungry but I can't finish my lunch at all. It's not even half eaten. 
I was really looking forward to getting some sleep, but it looks like it's not happening... 
i was REALLY REALLY REALLY looking forward to hanging out. aw. 
I was really shocked to see Danny go.... He was my pick from the very beginning 
I was screaming cause I actually thought Katy Perry was finally following me on twitter. :| False alarm.  so disappointed.
I was seriously pretty sure I just heard 'Live To Party' on Wipeout .. but I didn't. 
i was sick that whole time twitter was actin ! i even went on myspace  *audience gasps*
I was sleeping on my couch till Woody called to have me come to work for the last hour. Damn I don't feel good tonite.. 
i was so bored i decided to iron all my baju sklh. thn i realized i hate doing tht. so all i did was iron a sleeve HAHAHA. im off to schl 
I love Arvee! I love texting! I love Twitter! I hate being sick! Wah 
I love Ashley michael Ingram but your not as cute 
I love being a fanboy, but I absolutely loathe fanboys. 
I love being home! My friends are awesome. Back to Florida tomorrow though 
I love being ignored except to be yelled at. I love my life. 
I love being nice and people using me ha get the fuck out or cheer me up 
I love being sick in the middle of summer and still having to work two jobs! 
I LOve Being w/ Ma Fam! gOnna be sad when I leave today 
I love big brother but why did I just watch people dunking biscuits in tea for 10 minutes?! Soooo not entertaining 
I'm heading to the bus depot first thing to see if the cleaners/drivers have found my phone, otherwise 
I'm heading to work...Monday 
I'm hearing very strange sounds comin from my neighbors apt... I'm kinda scared n to make it worse I'll b here by myself 4 a week  HELP
Im heartbroken 
I'm heartbroken to discover that Dairy Queen has no plans to return the Cotton Candy Blizzard ever again!!!  !
I'm heartbroken watching my poor puppy limp around the house! He hurt his paws when he fell in the pool yesterday 
i'm heartbroken.  mitchel musso has a girlfriend !!!!!!!!!! (((((((((((((((((((((((
I'm heartbroken.. No El Salvador in July which means I have to wait til October to see my sis 
I'm hella craving a super steak burrito with extra cheese and no beans from La Victoria. 
I'm hella hungry right now... 
i'm HELLA jealous of boston folks, can these PLEASE release here or atleast close by?   http://bit.ly/ULmik
I'm hella maad right now.. smh blacK ppl don't kno how 2 act shit got shut down 
I'm here at home talking to my bff @ladie_lexx she's in the A and I'm in T.O  wishin I was in the A
I'm here at work . . . on this gorgeous Saturday morning.     I'm determined to get out of here by noon &amp; get on the water.
im here in dc and this is my day to go home yea. but i get my dog back tomorrow  and my grandma is staying the night  so bye
im here in our other house.. so mahina ang net connection.. grr 
I'm here one more time.. &amp; I'm so sad 
I'm here thinkin about gettin a tatto for my B-day but i'm sceard 
I'm here!!! Woo. Yerington is so fun. Lol. Oh but its hard to keep a signal out here. 
I'm here, again. I haven't got any souvenir for my first vote.  I'm so disappointed. My bro had got a plaque when he went first.
I'm here, feeling exhausted and like shit. Nnnng I hate being sick. I turn into such a whiny baby.  Drives the boys nuts.
I'm here, there, and everywhere today... 
Im here...not in the exam... 
I'm highly distraught because I can't sleep and Destinos is on but these people don't get that channel. RAQUEL! POR QUE?! 
I'm his best friend ... He's just afraid of loosing me 
im holding up on reading PUSH because i dont wanna cry yet.  but i did read 3 pages..
I was so bored that i napped for a little too long. My dad's sick.  He feels cold when it's like, 45Â°C out.
I was so bored today; I read half of 'Philadelphia, Here I Come!'. Finding it kinda meh. Sorry 'bout that, Brian Friel. The truth hurts. 
I was so busy I didn't even get to install iPhone OS3 today...getting jealous reading all the good comments 
I was SO CLOSE to a 2nd win against the Slayer. 
I was so excited about downloading my Sibelius2 onto my macbook.....until hannah pointed out that the sticker says Windows Only. sad day 
I was so excited thinking the series finale of Housewives of NJ was today... it's tomorrow 
I was so excited this morning when I thought I was able to wear pants. Turns out wearing them was a HUGE mistake... About to be tortured 
i was so excited to go to work today but i so wanna leave its soooooo boring 
I was so excited to wake up and it be Friday...but it's Thursday!  So disappointing!
I was so happy because I had three followers.  Now I'm sad because 2 of them were porn bots. 
i was so happy i was goin to eat taco bell but then my sister said she wanted to eat at UNO so i had to go with her ..  me sad
i was so scared. 
i was so stupid for letting you go 
I was so tired. I really need to have better sleep patterns. As a result, I've just woken up from a 3h-nap  I feel better but still...
i was soooo closeeee! if i only got one more right i would have passed 
I was soooo excited to see that Taco Bell brought back the 89 cent chicken soft taco until I saw that the meat was grayish-green. 
I was soooo tired yesterday I fell asleep on the couch last night and woke up @ 4pm to go bed 
i was sooooo excited to have a tuna sandwich for lunch, but i haven't unpacked the can opener yet 
i was 'sposed to watch drag me to hell tonyt but no, it had to rain and my mom had to be paranoid about driving while its dark and rainy. 
I was sunbathing in the pool and my brothers jumped in! It was FREEZING and water went EVERYWHERE. 
I was super happy until I saw the traffic 
I was suppose to be home since 930 
I was suppose to be off today.  but my schedule got changed last minute.  
I was supposed to be taking today off, but I'm kinda leaning towards going in. I'M BORED 
Im home all by myself right now 
I'm home alone again  andy no likey
I'm home alone today 
Im home alone with Chanel and i miss my baby 
I'm home alone!!!  But I gotta study!  Lets Git it!!
im home alone.&amp; all the workouts, no time 2 chill, and no time 2 have fun is taking a toll on me.I think its called growin up    
im home and tiRed.. but still have some stuff to do.. 
Im home chilling on my day off but damn i reaLLY dont wanna go tomorrow     who seen that SPECTACULAR vid?     effin funnyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
im home finally; still some things undone for tmr  #fb
I'm home for ONE DAY and @huckb has a session in Boston. Rats.  phooey 
I'm home from a 2hour drive. I think I don't have the energy to finish what I gotta do. 
I'm home from northpoint with sis. Didn't buy anything but got a free meal from my sis at kfc. Not nice because it makes my throat worse. 
I'm home I'm exhausted &amp; still have hang over headache! Ugh 
I'm home in pain as always. At least I have a reason this time 
I'm home now and I feel like sh!t man!!! 
im home now and my eyes hurt 
I'm home now Twittering mode observed.Tomorrow will be a boring day for sure  !
i'm home now.. with seani!... cerfews are lame 
I'm home on a friday night.  
IM HOME RIGHT NOW AND DON'T WANT TO BE  PLUS IM LOOKING EXTRA CUTE. *POUTS*
im home sick from school  yesterday was so humiliating  xxx
I'm home! I really miss my boy. Two more weeks without him. 
Im home! Played swingball in amys garden for ages and got beat by her mum  Off to shower before the folks arrive for dads party
I'm home! The child started screaming so there was no fun filled alcohol fuelled afternoon for the lala 
I was supposed to go see My Life in Ruins this morning, but I slept too late  Did u all know that Nia Vardalos is on Twitter? @niavardalos
i was supposed to go see transformers tonite 
I was supposed to go to Queer Prom tonight, but everyone ditched.  . All dressed up and nowhere to go.
i was supposed to go to school today but ive been feeling ill for 3 days so im off today 
i was supposed to talk to him,but he's gone! 
I was supposed to work the pool bar today, but it's overcast... Thought maybe I'd get the day off... No luck... 
I was sure the cops was going to rodney king my ass, instead they gave me points instead. Like it was a effin moving violation. 
I was talking with my best friend ï¿½ureo about i-phones, Rio de Janeiro, and valentines day in Brazil. He has a girlfriend and Iï¿½m not 
I was tempted, but they're size 5 track spikes.  http://twitpic.com/6ao8h
i was the last person to twitter, and im twittering again  listening to children collide live on jjj - AWESOME! go one night stand!!
i was the maddest and saddest girl that time 
i was there u bitch i was watchin and u got me wet 
i was thinkin bout going to BPOM for some researches, but then i realized it's saturday.dont think people are likely to answer questions 
i was thinking about watching Twilight but sam said i wasnt allowed.. especially if he is in the room. 
I was thinking to myself &quot;wow what a nice day this is&quot; then a customer tells me me it's suppose to pour later today 
I was thinking...man it's time for a new computer, but I don't wanna spend any cash monies - wow I'm soo becoming thrifty 
i was this close to getting a puppy 
I was too blind 2 c...you were my everything  â™« http://blip.fm/~7ri2b
I was too late with a spoon and now my biscuit is mush at the bottom of my cup 
I was too nervous 
I was totally excited about getting something before the US 
I was totally flirting w a married man!!!!! Ugh! I couldn't help it he's sooo damn cute &amp; nice!! Worships his wife  lol
I was trying to do a special type of pull up and i almost fuckin' hung myself without rope 
I was trying to find my way to the car @ the university. However, my tom-tom was wrong-wrong, and made me walk twice as long-long. 
I was trying to sleep when I was almost killed by a spider! I put the spider in a little cup and took it outside. Now im paranoid. 
i was trying to take a pic but my hand shake and the photo didnt work out 
I was up all night with cramps... 
I was using Zindus to sync my gmail contacts with Thunderbird... now I'm missing several contacts. Gone.  /sigh #fb
I was very disappointed with my Kauai wrap this morning.  Haven't had 1 since Jan.
i was very much looking forward to seeing mrs ap. and shes not even here 
I was very young when my grandmother died.  She never knew me, and I never got to know her either.
I was waitin' so many new and good songs about the end but I didnt like it so much 
I was wary of combined wireless ap/storage but was seduced by over-the-air backups; now I fear my Time Capsule may be crapping out 
i was watching a video with meela in it  sometimes i wish i could just hold her in my arms.....
i was watching conan on the tonight show  but then my tv went BLAHH on me when will ferrell came on so i dont get to see pearl jam 
I was winning in mario kart wii nd my sis started crying...she stopped playing nd she left..poor baby 
I was woken up by the rain  There is a storm here, thunder and lightning!
I was wondering where korsi is? I miss her so much! I don't have her number and I was not in touch w/ her for a months! 
I was wrong      Ziggy Marley + 311 = SUPER SWEET
i was wrong  slept a little more.
i was wrong, msg came from an unknown number, turns out to be one of my highschool friends, whom i forgot to re-add to my omnia 
I was....Left 4 Dead once again  I will be rescued someday!!!
I wasn't able to take advantage of free breakfast. I had breakfast before work 
I wasn't allowed on the big slide 
i wasn't going to look at smile.dog... BUT THEN I GOT RICKROLLED.  OMFG SO TERRIFYING/HILARIOUS.
I wasn't late this morning but my head hurts. 
i wasn't missed by ody.. 
I wasn't too thrilled with Wilco's performance on Conan 
I wasn't worried about Xbox Live's downtime today, until I realize I also won't have Netflix on 360. 
i watch Twilight, and speak my friend. i'm so f*cking sad..  my best friend is lost.... don't funny....
I watched &quot;The Devil's Tomb&quot; last night...  http://tinyurl.com/2tms5n  Sorry Cuba... but the acting in that movie was the #weaksauce 
I watched a video yesterday a 16 year old girl in Iran was killed. I will never forget that image. Hope her death wont be in vein.  sad
I watched Jada's new show Hawthorn. I wasn't impressed  Hopefully next week will be better.
I watched Mental and still cannot get tired of watching his forhead zip up. Don't forget the lyric is now on. Boo! 
I watched saw 2 again this morning. It's not as scary when you know all the plot lines  Though the scene with Amanda in the pit.. URGH 
i watched terminator salvation for the 3rd time. i just want to fill the void left by Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. 
I watched the very last episode of Prison Break last night... 
i watched Twilight &amp; shed a few tears like a betch. 
I watched wayyyy too much Beverly Hills 90210 today and I am not proud of that fact.  TV FAIL
i watching SLUMDOG MILLIONARE on my harddisk now. poor kids. 
I Went 2 school 4 2 hours only , the nurse called my mum 2 come 2 pick me , ( Am Sick   )
I went back 6 hours but then it kind of froze so i didn't see any of the tweets before malik/gabe     Misha.Is.God.  ....as usual
i went back to work this afternoon to give farewell card and say bye, i cried lol i'll miss them 
I went crazy over the cotton on flats, selling at 2 for $25. But, a crazier reality,is that I don't have $25 . so sad right 
I went face first on the ice while ice skating chin is bruised and sore  Didnt do coursewrk last nite had to rush it at school 
I went for a nap like 8 hours again and it turned to a sleep again 
I went from 101 followers to 98  I felt  important for a few hours
I went from 3 plans to choose from, to no plans..!! Not a great start.. 
I went from having two things I needed to do to five in a matter of three emails this morning. 
I went in there and he grabbed onto me saying...&quot;I WANNA GO TO THE MMMM, MMM BED!!!&quot; (our bed)  I had to hold him till he fell asleep.
I went into the forest to find the cullens, and they were not there! 
I went last year and it was amazing...but work owns my life this summer  @jtimberlake Who's going to Bonnaroo next week?
I went on a manical ant killing spree, with insane laughter and crazy eyes included. They're all dead but my room smells nasty now 
I went on a whole day without Twittering!!  OMG
i went on youtube &amp; i looked at all the clips from musical wicked, im so upset that i didn't get 2 see it, i wish i could have seen it 
I went over the limit for actions per hour for twitter clients.  i hate that limit.
I went shopping today... after 3 hours of going round the shops i only got a summer dress.. i'm loosing hope in the English high street 
I went skimming and to the beach with Sheridan, Brent, and Brian. Im sooo tired now  Entertain me.
I went swimmin' to my friends house 'cause my pool isn't filled (  the water was green cause of the rain so we drained it ) BTW I had fun
i went swimming for a little, i wish i could have stayed longer with kyle 
I went through some of my old posts, and clicked on one of the old links, and rickrolled myself 
I went to a local brainwashing center, with my best friend and my good friend...I had to sit through an hour sermon for fucking food! 
I went to a waterpark yesterday and I woke up this morning with sunburnt.Except the places that my bathing suit was.  
I'm home!! 19 y/o cat bit my fingers...It's so hurt and can't type keyboard  *å­?çŒ«ã?®é‡Œè¦ªã?•ã‚“å‹Ÿé›†ä¸­*
I'm home, and I feel like crap. My stomach's been hurting all day. 
I'm home, homework done .. going to extraclasses of maths and physics .. it supposed to be tired, annoying 
I'm home, Yay! Unpacked everything, now just got to wash it all 
I'm home. I'm tired. I need to clean my room. (I probably wont.) I want to see Justin. AND... I will go stay with Dalton some today. 
I'm home. Sad to be home. Vaca was cool but I was done there. I don't know where I want to be 
I'm home. We didnt play. No one could.  Yeah yeah, life must go on.
im home.. tired.. ugh its monday again tomorrow. 
I'm home... My neck and throat hurts... 
I'm home...and tired. And yet I need to keep packing up my room. 
I'm home..we home!. Bye LA..Bye lake havasu 
im homesick but i never want to return to Sg ever again! 
I'm homesick for blue grass and my baby sisters  
I'm homew sick  let's go next week  ~Nani
I'm hopeless, my mind is so corrupted 
i'm hoping ang praying that i'll past the qualifying exam..  sana tlga.............
I'm hoping everyone's emails about the shopping trolley came through ok, some servers don't seems to have supported it properly 
I'm hoping that @ClaudeKelly writes more songs with/for Leona  Forgive Me was AMAAAZZINGGGG
I'm hoping that the special announcement on J&amp;K+8 is that they still love each other and want to work it out... What, a girl can dream 
I'm hoping the iPhone update comes out at midnight but it mostly won't  anyway going to work now co owning a liquid store at 18 is hard.
I'm hoping the next couple weeks can jump start my creativity again 
I'm hoping this sickness has not been passed on...ggrrrr 
I'm hoping to see my friend Melissa later on. Haven't seen her for a while.  I like Brooke Hogan's new song.
I'm hoping tonights showing will be better than last nights!!  
I'm hoping when I wake up tomorrow, my head won't hurt so much! 
I'm horrible! Mothers day completely crept up on me and I forgot to order flowers.  Can't have any delivered till monday now 
I'm horribly sick  I need some of mommas chicken soup
I'm hot and tiredd  but got some new clothes frm urban outfitters. On my way home
IM HOT!  .. and bored    want something to do.
I'm hugging this pillow, trying to relax, but the damn pillow has nothing on you  i miss you already.
I'm humbled: until now I never paid attention to what ctrl-j is doing. 
I'm hungee   Off to work I go soon.
im hungooover and i been at work since 8  ... any shows tonight?
im hungrryyyy  i could go for some taco bell right now
I'm hungry  and still can't upload a photo here Grr... How does this ish work 
im hungry  and tired, i think its this weather hahaa..
I'm hungry  finals tomorrow and Ive yet to study for either test. eek.
i'm hungry  haven't ate since breakfeast at 2 p.m. hahaha!
I'm hungry  I'm trying to lose weight so late snacking is a big no no.
im hungry  neeeed food   bloc party's new song? very excited 
I'm hungry  there's no food here!!!
i'm hungry &amp; ain't nuthin here at da crib &amp; i ain't got no money damn 
im hungry &amp; i want a sweet tea..but i cant have anymore 
Im hungry &gt;:-# tired of &lt;raw&gt; Veggies!!! aaarrrrggghhh Day 2 of: [THE Cleanse] 
I'm Hungry again! Dammit! Cardio tonight 
I'm hungry and have a stomach ache at the same time. Not fun... 
I'm hungry and I want to eat my leftover chicken alfredo, but I think it's too late and I'm too tired. 
Im hungry and its cold 
Im hungry and its only 12:20 
I'm hungry and miss camp food 
I'm hungry and outta cookies 
im hungry and the only thing open is woolworths  looks like its can food for me
I'm hungry and there's nothing open 
I'm hungry and there's nothing to eat here!!!! 
I'm hungry and thirsty in class with no $ for the vending machines.  Hmm...
I'm hungry and tired! 
Im hungry as hell right now Lmao 
Im hungry as hell!!! im prolly finna eat sum damn ramon noodles (however you spell that shit)!!! 
I'm hungry as hell, &amp; he's still sleep!!!!  I want brkst!!!!!!!!!!
I'm hungry but don't know what to eat. 
I'm hungry but I just can eat fruits 
I'm hungry But I Must wait 
I'm hungry but idk what I want to eat 
i'm hungry but i'm too lazy to get food. i'm such a sloth 
i'm hungry but i'm too lazy to make lunch  Grrrr...
i'm hungry but my gallbladder said no 
im hungry cleanin up! tired  goin to bed l8r :/ tired hungry and carryin a load of BAGGAGE! bein bored l8r
I'm hungry for cheese sticks and marinara sauce. Fuck.  #24hourPizzaHutplox
Im Hungry havent ate since last night cant hold nothin on my stomach!! 
i'm hungry i want breakfast 
im hungry is ok if i eat jicama? haha with salsa and  spicy? jaja is late but i really wanna eat that 
I'm hungry lol What an annoying backache! awwwww 
im hungry nothing to do today  im bored i feel like being on tour!
im hungry now 
I'm hungry now 
I'm hungry now, but have to drink my next meal too! 
I'm hungry now. But I won't rice, I'm craving for soto ayam  
i'm hungry too - freezer empty 
im hungry where is my mommy...i dnt feel good 
I'm Hungry! Nothing to eat. mhh. oh yes! i miss him . 
I'm hungry!! And grouchy.... 
I'm hungry!! What I eat? 
i'm hungry, but dont feel like cooking.....  
im hungry, but idk what to eat 
Im hungry, but my tummy hurts. 
I'm hungry, but nothing sounds good. I'm sick of food. 
I'm hungry, but there is nothing I want in the house. 
I'm hungry, I dunno what to eat 
im hungry, i want chicken and rice, now! when im hungry i bite my nails, bad habit 
i'm hungry, i wouldnt mind a creamy hot chocolte and choquettes from Paul, but it doesnt taste the same from Dubai 
I'm hungry.  #familyforce5
I'm hungry.  Going to a crash course thing for driver's ed at 1....be back after 5!
I'm hungry.  I'll eat noodles and nothing but noodles, is that bad?
I'm hungry. Apparently my &quot;spill half of dinner on your shorts and the floor&quot; diet has drawbacks beyond staining clothes. 
im hungry. bored. and theres nothing on tv. 
I'm hungry. But i can't eat yet 
i'm hungry. i need mcdonald's like noooow. 
I'm hungry. I wish I ate at Chowking before going home 
I'm hungry. Mr sainsburys isn't bringing my food until 3pm though  The cupboards are bare.
I'm hungry.. I forgot to buy food.. 
iM HUNGRY... i DiD WHAT AY MOTHER SHOULD DO.. i MADE SURE MY SON ATE... BUT NOW WHAT AM i GOiNG TO EAT??? 
I'm hungry... someone ate ALL the food 
im hungry... yesterday was our anniversary (our 1st) and he didnt remember 
im hungry......must resist urge 2 eat....photoshoot in 2 days  ....dammit ima go munch on a carrot lol
I'm hungry....high metabolism sucks. It doesn't help that I'm stuck in Portal right now.  
im hungry...very very hungry 
im hungryy  .. its late to eattt arggg!!
I'm hungryyy. I wish I were in sg where I could just ask my mom/maid to easily buy chicken rice or hor fun for me.  YUM! Major miss 
im hungryyyy   need more sushi
im hurtin 
I'm hurting from last night  I'm getting tooo old for this!
I'm hurting from yesterdays workout ...... ouch...ooh....and worried about next week  
I'm hurting mahself n i just don't know what to do about it!!!!!! 
im hurting. 
IM HUUUUNNNNNGGGRRYYYYYYYYYYYY.somebody feed me 
I'm idling now in LittleBigPlanet because playing Burnout Paradise made me want to go crash The Hangout. Too bad I've got no wheels. 
Im ill  ...Have to go back to sleep.. zzZZzz
im ill  again!!  went 2 c GHOSTS OF GIRLFRIENDS PAST last night wid ma gorguzz m88 nadine! soo gr8 !! xxx
Im ill  and i have SO much food tech coursework to do. Grr.
I'm ill again  I donï¿½t have time to practice the piano,(I will have a concert and  exhibition of paintings),or to school,itï¿½s terrible x(
i'm ill, leave me alone. 
im ill,, ahh greatt 
I'm ill.  But... Sims 3 arrived! 
I'm ill....i don't like that 
I'm in a bad mood today  Just hope my day off tommorrow will help a little??
I'm in a confused state whether to implement a tab interface in the application currently i'm working in. 
I'm in a foul mood 
I'm in a full bus.... Crushed like sardine 
i'm in a horrible mood 
I'm in a horrible mood...I wanna roll up and go to sleep 
im in a lot of pain  i just wanna leave work, get my perscriptions and go home. oh, and for you to care. is that too much to ask?
I'm in a lot of pain  this whole ankle being torn up is not really working for me. Ugh.
I'm in a odd mood, who should i listen to? Who can cure a Sad.Mad.Confuse.Pissed.Tired [mood] lol. maybe i should keep drinking 
im in a pissed off mood.! grrr watch out. sorry i might snap. i feel so angry like im going to explode. i got mad at cj 
I'm in a pretty bad mood and I have no damn idea why! Grr! 
I'm in a really bad mood and just want to go to sleep but the girl on the topbunk won't stop moving and is texting soo loud. UGH! 
I'm in a really bad mood, but i have no idea whyyyy 
I'm in a really bad mood. And everyone around me knows it - sorry guys. 
I'm in a sticky situation..sorry I'm not down for being the girl on the side.. 
I'm in a time warp, listening to The Carter (The original) Weezy WTF happened to you? 
I'm in airconditioned office drinking tea at the moment  Don't worry, I'll get more than my fair share of suffering on the bus home. 
i'm in an indian restaurant in makati, hoping to have a good meal. i'm not a big fan of spicy foods, actually. and curry. gross. 
I'm in bed but i'm not sleepy. Just..cold 
I'm in bed on a friday night. Was meant to go out but it rained and everyone bailed. dissapointing! 
i'm in bed ryt n0w. ARGGH. it's been 3hrs. I've bin t0ssing and turning myself but i stil can't slip. 
im in bed with fever 
I'm in bed, wondering if I seriously hit a weak spot 
Im in church and I have an itch on the top back of my leg but don't wanna scratch because it will look like im scratching my butt 
I'm in circular dependency hell and I don't want to start refactoring 
Im in class 
Im in da library, noelle and Kayla and connie just left. should i? maybe cuz im really bored. noone 2 chat and laugh with. 
I'm in dallas, got in yesterday morning.  However, situation dictates that I might be recalled  we shall see
i'm in dire need of a ghostwriter...my hand is hurting  i'll b fine tho DDD
I'm in dire need of a second job, if you hear of anything in nightlife or food service please please please think of me 
I'm in el paso. It's humid and the bugs are bigger here 
I'm in filly    Totally sick though   
I'm in France right now, it's raining  The theatre was very funny !! I sang abba solo-song for the first time, and that was really scary.
I'm in Hilo Hawaii.. it's raining in paradise folks..  
i'm in home 
I'm in Little 5 Points in ATL, this rain is not poppin. 
Im in london for a few days got to find some ting to do 
Im in love with a skirt in new look, oh why cant it be payday already 
im in love with 'love' and not with you  its extra sad cuz i kno its tru
I'm in love with much better. And turn right. I want those brothers for christmas  hint hint @karinaemma and @gandmetz ! November baby! X
I'm in love with someone I don't matter to. I think that officially makes me a complete idiot!? 
I'm in love with the boy in front of me. He has a girlfriend. He seems like such a nice boyfriend too.  my life sucks.
im in love withh this &quot;power ranger&quot; jerkkinnn and i cant find his myspacee  damm hes so fuckin FINNEEE!!!!! haha
I'm in love. But she's done with me. This is history repeating itself. I'm sorry. I miss you Kairlin 
im in luv with multiple boys 
Im in montreal !! I miss my dog 
Im in my favorite city....Chicago! but bout 2 leave on another train to wack Aurora 
im in my garden, locked out 
Im in my jymas at 8.25pm the earliest since forever, im ill 
I'm in need of a new phone.  hella lookin on CL. Half my check is gone before it has even been cashed. Blahhhh.
I'm in need of some serious muscle relaxers... these spasms in my back are wicked today!! 
Im in nielsons class. Bored asshell. I need a nap and something to drink  imm thirsty hahahahaha fml.&lt;3 i just ate chips with @sarasanti.
i'm in office... working working working... uff!!!! 
I'm in Okinawa... It's raining all the time... and I'm infinitely bored. Bored bored bored. If I didn't have myself.. I'd have noone. 
I'm in one of those days when I really just want to work from home.  Crap. 
im in origans and i have to submite work i havnt dont it all but almost done :s 
i'm in pain! i can't move! oh dear god! 
I'm in pain... Feels like my high school days again... Soup city sweetheart, so sorry 
im in Paul;s house  his last night waaaaah, pweh
I'm in Pennslyvania...It's almost time to move. 
I'm in Richmond, VA, apparently... Let's hope I get home tonight. 
I'm in saks wit Nicole &amp; I think I'm going to go crazy cause she can't make up her mind this is taking too long for some shoes 
I'm in Salem with Cp.  
Im in school.   And it sucks so bad 
im in scince!!! doning coursework. 
im in serious need of ice cream! 
im in so much pain  need xrays on my back.
I'm in so much pain from my boob job! 
I'm in so much pain from my sunburn...second day not being able to put anything near my shoulders 
Im in soo much pain cant take it no longer....need some chips and salsa  2 much baby mamma drama take that shit sumwhere else.. kisses
im in sooo much pain ryt now,my damn motherboard fell on my foot,don't ask how i got that ryt! OOOoooCCH  THE COLD IS NOT HELPIN MUCH...
I went to bed at 8pm... then i woke up at 3am. i NEVER sleep through 3... 
I went to bed like 3 hours ago, my alarm went off and I popped right up &amp; out the door.  5k here come.  My brain feels candycoated. 
I went to bed too early. Now i can't go back to sleep. I can't exactly go for a jog. 
I went to bed too late and got up too early 
I went to bed way too late last night, which could be the reason I've only just woken up, haha! The weather's still not good today  x
i went to dunkin donuts to talk to some guy about a job.. but it didn't work out. 
I went to funeral today... my grandfather died  but I will be ok ;)
i went to hyper and excited to down and sad 
I went to kat to chat and no one was there 
I went to Laos temple for our New Year's celebration.  I had so much fun, ate too much.  Now I'm back to work 
i went to my room 2 hours ago to study for my econ exam tomorrow. but all i ended up doing was watching an epi of oprah and taking a nap. 
i went to pizza hut with a friend and had pizza... i failed. 
I went to St Louis last night b/c my little brother was there from Austin...Only got to do dinner and now Im sad. I miss him like crazy 
I went to Taste of Charlotte tonight.  I still regret *not* getting banana pudding from Mert's Heart &amp; Soul.  
I went to the dentist today and you know what he said? Holy bite!! Apparently I broke my crown.    WTF?  I have some powerful jaws...
I went to the DMV today-twice  I threw away my car's registration by mistake and I needed to get a copy for my court date (in the desert!)
i went to the doctor. i hav a virus. 
I went to the flee market today. And them partyed all night till my parents told me to get inside 
I went to the pool to get a tan. I now have a sunburn. SPF 15. Why have you forsaken me? 
i went to TK maxx last week, and i found this top that i really wanted, but i didn't have the money. I've now discovered that it is sold. 
I went two weeks without smoking! That ended last night 
I wet  Thank you rain
i wet to hyper and excited to down and sad 
i whish my uncle and my aunt would come to nordhorn to celebrate with us ! they live so far away 
I wiiish soderling had won 
I wiil never get his attention! Never! And stop thinking about it! 
I will actually cry if i heard thunder.... arrghh scare the life outta me  LOOOOOOOOOOL
I will always love you &lt;3 never say goodbye coz u were the strongest part of my life. today I want u in my arms I cry coz ur not here 
I will b there friday, I wont b contagious anymore but how in the hell I'm gonna not drink 
I will be lost without rick and bubba on the radio while they are in NYC 
i will be miss him 
I will be missing all of the 1st game tonight. Maybe i will get lucky and be home in time to watch part of the second. 
I will be soooo glad when we have a break in soccer, but if kiddo doesn't make the team, we will have a permanent break 
I will be superrrr dissapointed if the CAVS loose 
I will be thinking of you guys while I'm in UK for 4 months.. don't know why but I am feeling sad 
I will be up at 6:30 to get the update!  
i will be without an assistant for the next week  
I will do my homework. 
I will go buy new dress @Blazulka96 Today on icq not to be 
I will go on a Club Penguin toy shopping spree tonight! Don't call me sad because I will be. 
I will go to bed with a belly full of pan-seared duck breast, potatoes roasted with duck fat, and salad...  Sadly, a duck-free salad. 
i will gonna miss you soo much 
I will have to rent this movie sometime. My internet keeps cutting out, which also gives me the t.v 
I will just pretend that it isn't going to be in the 40s today.  Michigan.  
i will love this wednesday for the rest of my life! gonna miss you all 
I will love to say this with all of my heart &quot;it's really over,I'm done,move on and i feel nothing  ..&quot; I hope I will .. 
I will miss @katiegirlnyc while she is in OH for one more night. 
I will miss @natalie_mrls ang Goose wayy too much 
I will miss going to movies with my mom when I move. 
I will miss my City when we leave...priciness, pollution, panhandlers and all 
i will miss stephen mulhern 
i will miss the bay of pirates!! 
I will miss the soccer moms 
I will miss you all 
I will miss you Crook! But you have to stay with @sasquatzz for the time being. 
i will miss you David Archie even if I didn't see you at your concert.. huhu.. 
i will misss you carlos...  iker to go manU? for real?
I will move anywhere as long as it has a freaking dishwasher! I despise doing dishes 
I will never be in a Mr. Bungle's concert  â™« http://blip.fm/~8jhzf
I will never get over this ever-lasting heartache, I miss you so much Dad...... I still can't believe you were taken from me  RIP
I will NEVER go out on a MONDAY night again 
I will never meet this man  i have luck with everyone else except him, why? I just finished new moon again and i need to see him now!
I will never see Beyonce live. 
I will never understand people who enjoy starting drama on the interwebz. and who enjoy making others feel horrible! 
I will never understand some people 
I will not be in LA for the parade tomorrow  I'm going to work
I will not be off work at night until next saturday 
I will not get nostalgic I will not get nostalgic I will not ......goodbye for a while mom and dad 
I will not speed again, I will not speed again........ $ for nothing! 
i will NOT use a razor to shave my eyebrows! 
I will rather lock myself in prison than cut this forsaken grass 
I will regster 2nite &amp; we will touch base 2mrw as i cant guarantee she will b home right at ten 
I will say one thing about the game actually. I wish I didn't like Dwight Howard as much as I do. I don't want the Cavs to lose! 
i will see All Time Low one day  today just wasnt my day.
i Will sIng aBout a gReatamerIcan tragEdy toDay. iT's imporTand to learnf Rom hIstorY! 
i will soon be so lonely 
I will soon requre an rss aggregator for my rss subsciptions 
i will start my history cw in a moment boo  .. got no motivation whatsoever :')
i will stop twitting 'bout him! hmp! swear! waste of time 
I will try and donate some blood my hemo is for ever low 
I will try and keep twitter and blog updated through next week, but I may not be able to.. 
I will update my new account very soon maybe tonight but right now I am bored 
I wish  I don't want to audits!!! 
I wish @almostheather was here. 
I wish @Caitlinxcandy could go with me. 
I wish @DavidArchie and Cookie didn't have to leaaaaave. 
I wish @DrupalCampWI wasn't so far away 
I wish @geofer would shut up 
I wish @Haleyfriedman blackberry would get her. I wanna bbm 
i wish @hollyhoo122 would come to the lot with meee! 
I wish @JesseMcCartney would follow me too 
i wish @kogibbq brought some korean bbq   would have been better than tuna sammich #twtrcon
I wish @lamequeen3 hastxting again! Ugh... Bitchass just has to cut off her line when i got a new phonee  grrr
I wish @mileycyrus would tweet 
i wish @mileycyrus would wish me a happy birthday, it'd make my day better. but i know theres no chance in that 
i wish @premthedream wasn't being such a peepee with me 
I wish @TheHighwayGirl and @TheHighwayDog were here to enjoy the nice weather  #wwdc
I wish 16-year-olds could legally drive in Germany  I really could use that right now! Doing some Math in my bed 
I wish 6 year olds could watch House 
i wish a celebrity would actually answer one of my tweets to them. 
I wish ABC would bring back Dirty Sexy Money 
I wish Adam and I had the same work schedule so we could see each other every once and a while... 
i wish add didn't get the best of me and my sleeping pattern 
I wish ALL politicians would TELL IT LIKE IT IS instead of LYING to people to get votes!!!  
I wish AMD would move to LGA rather than using pins, it's harder to kill a mobo than bend cpu pins 
im in sooooo much pain! toothaches suck 
im in stats and I'm bored and tireed 
Im in such a bad situation, Confused ï¿½ Confused 
I'm in such a blah mood 
Im in such a mood for sushi.. missing marco island 
I'm in the @strangelovelive chat room, but it's disabled 
I'm in the bed not feeling so well 
im in the car driving to my uncles to catch up in my last day of Melbourne 
I'm in the dentist waiting room this is going to be brutal, like a scene from a horror film. Blood up the walls 
I'm in the house bored! 
I'm in the middle of one of the scariest storms I've ever been in! Hoping a tornado doesn't develop! 
Im in the mood for something sweet, like a chocolate chip cookie or a brownie with ice cream. But aint nothing like that at my house 
I'm in the mood to get things done RIGHT NOW. I want to take advantage of this rare early morning feeling, but everything is closed. 
Im in the rainstorm and im so scared and its hailing and i can't see! lord please help me get home! 
I'm in the Stanford emergency room,sinusidas 
I'm in this club in Hartford and shut is still the same lame 
i'm in trouble? 
I'm in wales, it isn't the nice weather that i was promised. It's tipping it down 
I'm in work - on a sunday... 
I'm in work bored, as usual!!! I'm drinking coffee and wishing I was in Florida!! 
Im in work...with the hangover from hell 
I wish Amy Winehouse wasn't so strung out on crack and drugs. she's so talented and is an amazing vocalist. 
I wish Apple would hurry up and approve the @Tweetie twitapocalypse fix for the iPhone 
I wish April was still here.   
I wish baby monster was tired...im exhausted 
i wish bedrooms stayed permanantly tidy... 
I wish behold would have the application capability the iphone has 
i wish boutiques were open this early.  i just saw some really cute tops thru the window of a shop   can i break it n grab?
i wish boy would say he wants to hang out with me. i had really started to like him. 
i wish brian was hereeee  the best brother EVER!
I wish c.ronaldo would come back to united..   there's no &quot;ViVa RoNaLdO&quot; at united anymore..  i'll miss you cris ....
I wish Chelsea didn't work so much 
I wish crazy fans would leave rob pattinson alone 
i wish danny hadn't tweeted. i miss him and mcfly loads now.   
I wish DCU's kick off wasn't still 2 hours away 
I wish developers would learn HTTP before HTML. Unfortunately that is never true. Browsers only support 25% of the HTTP request methods. 
i wish doing my hair wasn't a 2 1/2 hour long endeavor 
I wish dreams weren't better than real life 
i wish dying your own hair was as easy........my face and scalp are all green, pink and black &gt; and tomorrow is my birthday 
I wish Elvis was still alive 
i wish eminem actually wrote his twitter stuff himself 
I Wish Enter Shikari Would Come To East Anglia. 
I wish Entourage would finish so I could watch it 
I wish Erol's giggles still had the power to cheer me up. Today they aren't working. 
i wish espn would stop replaying football games. i get in a football mood, then i step outside into the swamp-like conditions of summer 
I wish everyone had a PS3  I want my Xbox back !
I wish Federer had a Twitter, I really do. 
I wish for a kind soul to return 
I wish forwards would work 
I wish Freaks and Geeks had more than just one season. 
I wish GM stock would turn around at 80 cents a share I would be willing to buy some...if I knew it would do something 
i wish good shows could be on all the time  and why are they still calling it Prisionbreak when their out?
I wish he knew how much i love him but the truth is hes famous 
I wish he was here 
I wish he was here... i need a hug, kiss, and reassurance.... 
I wish he was interested enough to learn something about me.  Fairytale complete.  
I wish he would text me 
I wish her attitude would change. It's horrible. We may be related but.. shes just different. 
I wish I at the beach still 
I wish I brought my tripod I wanted to take pictures in lost hills 
I wish I can attend tomorrow's parade to celebrate Lakers' championship, but alas I have to work. 
i wish i can go jump in the shower and get ready, but if i do i'll wake everyone up 
i wish i can go to vallejo high 
I wish I can help 
I wish I can hire a grammar guru. I will pay them with 1890's currency value! That's all I can afford. 
I wish I can make things happy for her 
I wish I can stop bumping into pretty SO4 fanarts. Stop reminding me that I can't play the game, dangit.  Even if it gets bad reviews
i wish i cook go to the skate park i just bought na skate board for 200 dollers 
I wish I coudl hear things 
I wish I could afford a trip to austrailia  my dream vacation.
I wish I could afford an xbox 
I wish i could afford the max bemis song shop. 
I wish I could attend IMATS.  Fuuuuuuu Pennsylvania.
I wish I could ballroom dance 
I wish I could be a model  I really do haha it looks so fun!
I wish i could be an actress :/ I'm embarassed that people will think im weird because ill prob be no good at it :/ 
I wish i could be as happy as the babies in the cow and gate adverts 
I wish I could be at the MTV Movie Awards  haha someday people . . . ha! I wis!
I wish I could be back in elgin with @DeannaElaine06 we no longer share a home 
I wish i could be doing what i used to 
I wish I could be in LA for Lauren's Book Launch 
i wish i could be in my bed sleeping 
I wish I could be in Stockholm right now.. 
I wish i could be in Tepic  or in vegas hahahaha or vallarta  or wherever place  just not here .. It feels so smooke :S  i miss home
i wish i could be in the chat.. 
i wish i could be in the chat..  http://tinyurl.com/nl7bex
I wish I could be in town in time for @danecook 
i wish i could be more useful or helpful which is a pretty big wish considering my current predicament. 
I wish I could be out right now  Oh well..
I wish I could be queueing to get a new 3G S but got to wait until July 10th when old contract runs out. 
i wish i could be sittin outside gettin a tan...  oh wait i can be!! finally got the deck furniture out! yay hw outside!
i wish i could be somebody else 
I wish I could be there for your birthday party, but unfortunately I can't.  Happy birthday Jen! (@jd0123) &lt;3
I wish I could be there to make it all better. But all we can do is stay strong, no matter how hard it is... 
i wish i could be with my girl at home! but i have to work today. 
i wish i could be with my mom on mother's day 
i wish i could be with someone right now.  i just need a new somebody to be with. 
I wish I could buy Halo pet food in stores  I am convinced that's exactly what my dogs need to kick start their new healthy lifestyle
i wish i could change my background 
I wish I could do hoodrat stuff with friends tonight 
I wish I could do somthing 
I wish I could drink a @Starbucks coffee here in Milan, ... but they told me that there are no Starbucks in  Italy 
i wish i could eat!!!!!!!!!!  haaate being skinny
i wish i could facebook 
I wish I could fall back to sleep 
I wish I could find a nice boyfriend 
i wish i could find my camera 
I wish I could fly and go see him and convince him that he shouldn't go to Iraq... 
I wish I could flyyyyyyy 
i wish i could get a palm pre  too bad im an employee and have to wait forever to get one.
I wish I could get away from here and start a new life somewhere else. 
I wish i could get blocked off youtube or something! I seem to keep watching loads of sad videos.. Certain ones in particular 
I wish I could get drunk! Just for one night!!!!  soon enough I guess.....
I wish I could get excited about American Idol, but I just cant..... 
i wish i could get me a lip ring... 
I wish I could get my mom more for Mothers Day.   She really is the greatest.
I wish I could get on the computer ahh 
I wish I could get Sims 3. But my Dad doesn't let me install games on computers. 
I wish I could get sleepy as easily as a lotta folks. 
I wish I could get sushi delivered to work 
i wish i could get the iphone 3gs 
I wish I could get this right can someone help?! Plz! 
I wish I could get to sleep 
I wish i could get tweets to my phone.  i hope they get it fixed soon!
i wish i could give you some kiss now. bah! im breathless and feel sick 
I wish I could go and see Duffy when she comes to Mamaia (Romania). 
I wish I could go back 2 hours and not dranl that red bull. Sitting in bed completely awake and on twitter.  bummer
i wish i could go back in time to when i had never seen Battlestar Galactica before. And then start it all over again. best show ever. 
I wish I could go back to sleep. 
I wish I could go grocery shopping! ugh this fast food ain't doing nothing and it's taking all my money! 
i wish i could go out 2night. im so depressed,man its killing me   &amp; i got too much on my mind.
I wish I could go running. Too bad @devintrooney's couch beat my foot the hell up  Nevertheless, this is a productive Sunday?!
I wish I could go see Transformers tonight. But midnight is a bit much for me.. 
i wish i could go swimming right nowwww  i just feeeeel like it
I wish I could go to #BEA this weekend. 
I wish I could go to a concert on my birthday. But there are never any shows here so close to Christmas. 
I wish I could go to Aquabats 
I wish i could go to camp, ha. I miss being 12 
i wish i could go to church i cant stand missing it  Steph &lt;3
i wish i could go to IMATS 
I wish i could go to L.A or NYC 
i wish i could go to meet in the middle tomorrow. 
I wish I could go to Monterrey... May 17th 
I wish I could go to NY and bring all my friends back wit me 
I wish I could go to Rachels going away party but I'm broke  so I'm home alone... Gets lonley sometimes... But it's for the best!
I wish I could go to the Circus show starring BritBrit. 
I wish i could go to the club today 
i wish i could go to the jonas brother concert saturday 
I wish I could go to the lakers parade tomorrow 
i wish i could go to the miley cyrus concert 
I wish I could go to the Rising sun rock festival in ezo someday! Hokkaido is so far away 
i wish i could go to the warped tour. boo 
I wish I could go to WWDC. 
I wish I could go watch NSN! 
I wish I could go...I have to be at the shop. 
I wish I could have a 48 hour Sunday so I can get everything I needed to do finished before I have to go back to work tomorrow 
i wish i could have a poa! but dad wont let me  poa is a ponny of america!
I wish I could have a relationship like Turk and Carla's 
I wish i could have been there nick 
I wish I could have chosen a judul more suitable to my liking. I think I really am an idiot 
I wish i could have cosplayed... 
i wish i could have fun poop convos with my roommate 
I wish I could have gone to a Jonas Brothers concert. 
i wish i could have gone to roberts party  watchind duele 2 reunion
i wish i could have stayed to see that last credit, but i was going to go insane if i had to listen to one more second of kanye west's god-awful mission impossible remix..
I wish i could have went to the movie. No lols. Just sads. 
I wish I could have work from home today.  in Jersey City, NJ http://loopt.us/s627xw.t
I wish I could help 
I wish I could hire paula dean as my personal chef 
I wish I could just go for a drive..or a movie or the store..I just wanna be alone 
i wish i could just skip right to the 12th. 
I wish I could just sleep, wake up and all my work would be done. I'm dreadfully tired... Wish I had someone too cuddle with. 
I wish I could just stop and tear time apart to make some for us 
I wish I could just wake up, roll over, &amp; have Mell laying right beside me 
I wish I could kiss ashten right now.  boo. wahh.
I wish I could leave this stupid dinner 
I wish I could locate this one guy.  I have no idea how to find him.  Boo.  
I wish I could make the pain go away 
I wish I could meet the founding fathers. 
I wish i could meet Tian and Tamera!!! 
I wish I could of seen that 
I wish I could of went to the Bonnaroo festival this year  efffing sucks esp getting sms from my girl... Blahhh
i wish i could order wines/sake/beer online... that's one of those things I hate about utah 
I wish i could play WoW 
I wish i could put @principesa120 in my pocket and take her to Barry with me 
I wish i could read minds, help my friends, and fix every problem 
i wish i could read your mind 
I wish I could reply to my facebook status easily on my crackberry.  I wish you all were here too!
I wish i could rewind time and go back to red lobster! My shirmp linguini alfredo pasta is gone 
I wish I could rewind today back. I am terribly sorry dog, I never meant to hit you 
I wish I could say the same for my own father.............. it's days like today that depress me the most when it comes to him 
I wish I could see @missjeffreestar today, but im not 
I wish i could see my daily twittascope! But nooo my interweb is being a jerk and doesnt wanna work 
i wish i could see my mom for mother's day 
i wish i could see out of my right eye 
i wish i could see the @soldierthread tonite 
I wish I could send you all postcards from the road next week.  I can Twitter, but I LIKE sending postcards. Oh well.
I wish I could sit at my own desk but I guess I have to sit at kyles 
I wish I could sleeeeep 
i wish i could sleep in !!! 
I wish I could sleep right now. 
I wish I could speak french. 
I wish I could spend Mother's day w/my mom  Atleast I can spend it w/my own child.What are my chances of bfast in bed! um..100000000 to 1
I wish I could spend this at the mall right now.  http://twitpic.com/6adt7
I wish I could stay out in the sun instead of goin 2 work 
I wish I could still be snuggling. 
I wish i could still go clubbing with amanda, but im downtown and shes 30 min away from me and leaving in 8 minutes. Awh 
i wish i could stop feeling what i am feeling 
i wish i could stop watching tv and just do my homework. wishing i was camping with ashley and the crewww tonight but it cant happen 
I wish I could survive a Japanese gameshow  Put me on the show, please.
I wish I could talk English anytime. 
i wish i could talk to you john 
i wish i could tape my dreams, best dream in a long time, why did it have to be a dream?  lol
I wish I could thank everyone who is sending love personally but I have to sleep  I am no use if I cna't keep my eyes ope - Much &lt;3
I wish I could turn my brain off, it feels like its about to overheat lol.  Missing my bff @anonymousjen so bad 
i wish i could twitpic my juice but i dont have interntet on my phone 
i wish i could use twitpic but for some reason my phone won't send pictures. 
I wish i could visit you 
I wish I could wake up early again. 
I wish I could watch @shanedawson live but when he is it's 2:30am in Australia. 
I wish I could watch Samantha Ronson tonight. 
I wish I could wear sweats to work..because it's one of those days. 
I wish i could wish Brandon a happy birthday. 
i wish i coulda spent more time with @gabbylucio too 
i wish i couldnt read, cause now im worried.  attempting to go to sleep, hopfully there isnt bad news when i wake up. =/
i wish i couldve gone to bamboozle in NJ this weekend.. 
i wish i cud have chosen a different path 
I wish I didn't care so much! I get upset by people I don't know being slagged off 
I wish I didn't feel like shit again because I could have been out with awesome people right now. 
I wish I didn't feel so much like shit. I don't have time to take another sick day. 
I wish i didn't get sick reading in the train.  it seems like a waste of time
I wish i didnt haue to deny bud. it makez my heart weep 
I Wish i didn't have an exam tomorrow.. I don't want to go in  Home early i think ahaha. No way is that umpa lumpa keeping me in! &gt;=(
I wish I didn't have to go back to work in fifteen minutes. 
i wish i didn't have to go to school tomorrow  hopefully i will b able to get up.
i wish i didnt have to miss part of practice 2nite  farmgirl@&lt;3
I wish I didn't love him!! 
I wish I didn't make eggs for lunch.  The house smells like a giant fart. 
I wish I didn't work tonight  Vacation next week though!
I wish I discovered George Carlin before he died 
I wish I drank on the job...  that's me
I wish I felt as good as the weather is right now 
I wish I felt like talking to ppl. This is not a nice feeling 
i wish i got a tour hoodie   but i didn't like that black one much. waaaa.
I wish I got texts from more than just twitter.  Boy am I lame.
I wish I had @louise_hendy's number so I could text her 
i wish i had 100* followers 
I wish I had a better reason than having a cold for feeling so rubbish today. I'd take a hangover anyday over this 
i wish i had a better tan 
I wish I had a big one to make her so very happy... 
i wish i had a blackberry 
I wish I had a candy apple sucker 
i wish i had a cardboard box and a blanket right now  i hate seeing abandoned animals in the middle of the road
i wish i had a cell phone. 
i wish i had a clear sign, or SOMETHING that let me know i made the right decision. cause right now, im not so sure.  miss youu.
i wish i had a computer available rn  i need to listen to atl's new song D:
I wish i had a cool accent! 
i wish i had a crown today 
i wish i had a dog to cuddle  xx
I wish I had a female friend that I could gossip with about boys, do stupid girlie things...since high school I haven't had that 
i wish i had a free tacobell 
I wish I had a friend to go to the carnival with me 
I wish I had a good idea for next short  I don't seem to like anything I write. I need a motivation...
I wish I had a good place to go running!! I want to go work out so bad right now but I an stuck at work l! 
I WISH I had a hot pop song on the radio that would impress @PerezHilton so that he would TALK to me 
I wish I had a jacket. Its cold in school 
I wish I had a late night fatburger by my house 
I wish I had a mac book pro and windows 7 and a new truck 
i wish i had a mary poppins bag 
I wish I had a massive box of money. Money does solve everything! Saving $1000 is taking me FOREVER ! 
I wish I had a movie to watch now. 
I wish i had a own cluster 
i WISH i had a pickle 
I wish I had a place to park up my Lexus. I don't want to leave it just in front of my house. My poor baby. I'm going to miss my car!!!! 
I wish i had a pool 
i wish i had a presonl shopper and no budget  !!
I wish I had a reading rainbow  Next step, buy 800 colourful books and build a library http://twurl.nl/js4dki
I wish I had a squishy... 
I wish I had a tree house  Maybe one day
I wish i had an elder brother/sister. 
I wish I had an S at the end of my iPhone 3G.... 
I wish i had another phone charger so bad 
I wish I had booked an earlier flight home. People are leaving and I'm left alone. A little sick and blue, too  9 days to go...
I wish I had Cake 
I wish I had company 
I wish I had coupons like buy one get one entrees at TGIF but the coupon expired on Monday   Anybody have any good coupons?
I wish I had ESPN  Sometimes I don't like being Canadian lol
i wish i had friends in TN, and there were fun things to do 
I wish I had good looks 
I wish I had got to meet my mums mum 
I wish i had HBO  Cant Watch TrueBlood now D: uhhh! stupid showtime!
I wish i had him here to love me the way i love him. And i hate the part of me that knows it wont happen  *~*Sammie*~*
I wish I had iTunes, but I can't afford it. 
i wish i had money to pay @StarTrakDaliah to do a track with me..but i'd just use that to holla once we got in the studio 
I wish I had more Hot Pockets. 
I wish I had more interesting things to Tweet about 
I wish I had more than 18 followers... 
I wish i had more time to see my lovely friends i hate having to say no to things cos of already having plans 
i wish i had more twitter friends 
I wish I had my black bejeweled mic!...but it hasn't arrived yet 
i wish i had my car 
I wish I had my ipod back 
I wish I had my iPod right nowww 
I wish I had my ipod so I could fall asleep to john mayer on the way homeeeeeee 
i wish i had my mother... huhuhuhu 
i wish i had my phone 
I wish I had plans this week 
i wish i had schrodinger's cat 
I wish i had sent in my stuff for JONAS 
I wish I had someone to go with me to the zoo 
I wish I had someone to just take it all out on 
I wish i had someone to sing me a lullaby 
i wish i had someone to snuggle with  i hate snuggling normally. but right now i would love it. especially a cute boy.
I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm so upset.  no one likes me anyway
I wish I had strawberries for sunday pancakes. 
I wish I had sum greens 
I wish I had the rupees to buy Latika!!   I'd give her a slum free life.
I wish I had the Sims 3 
I wish I had time to see Up this weekend. 
I wish I had time to watch the E3 keynotes. 
I wish i had weed on me 
I wish I had you to cuddle with right now   I feel like I never see you anymore,and we barley talk 
i wish i hadnt left this revision until the last minute so i could be out in the sun instead of sat inside reading about rachels and dyck 
I WISH I JUST WOKE UP IN CLEVELAND AND NOT IN THE GORILLA CAGE 
i wish i knew  more than 3 chords on the guitar 
I wish I knew how to dance 
i wish i knew how to do more things with my hair   i suck
I wish I knew how to make my Sims all custom and pretty. 
I wish I knew how to make the background work on my twitter 
i wish i knew how to paint my nails 
i wish i knew if i was working tonight or not, doesnt help that no one is answering the phone 
I wish I knew someone with magical healing powers. I don't like having to be cooped up. 
I wish I knew what day... 
i wish i knew why i am still awake.. the heck! its 6am 
i wish i knew you were in dallas....is too late 
i wish i lived closer -_- gaaah, distance sucks 
i wish i lived closer to sydney too. @minorityx i'm sorry bb 
i wish i lived in america  they get all the good stuff
I wish I lived in Chicago. 
I wish I lived in England so I could watch the Doctor Who Easter Special  on 4/11! There's only four more David Tennant episodes left! 
i wish i moved to usa or canada 
I wish i never watched drag me to hell....  where is my bf when i need him?!!!!
i wish i read minds, i wish i new wut she thinks 
i wish i still had money so i could buy an owl city t-shirt.  
I wish i still had my convertible for days like these. 
i wish i still had that picture from millennium park i took in photography last year. it was so pretty 
i wish i still had the creative spark i used to have when i was younger 
i wish i took more pictures last night 
I wish i was @ disneyland today  only $33 &amp; mini laker parade if only i had my $500 from @1027kiisfm already i could of gone:/
I wish I was @ Heroes Con 
i wish i was a celeb  love love love the bezz theaâ™¥ princess protection programme was goood ahhhh :')
I wish I was a member of Black Sqadron...but I just don't get up early enough on a Saturday 
i wish i was a nerd T___T i wonder if they found a gene for nerding yet? and if they have, can i get me some injected into me? please?  
i wish i was a senior..i want a cookie 
i wish i was a snail  http://tinyurl.com/pgysd5
i wish i was a trending topic  x
I wish i was all recovered and well but i guess it could be worse.. 
i wish i was ambidextrous so i could draw pink hearts on my right hand 
i wish i was at @angelcore's burning trees and trying on dresses... 
I wish I was at @darienlake seeing @mitchelmusso 
i wish i was at B- day bash 
i wish i was at bamboozle! 
I wish I was at church. 
I wish I was at Disneyland with @jkusumoto &amp; everyone else  but SLO is funnn. I love my sisterrrr
I wish I was at Dover for the race 
I wish I was at E3 
I wish I was at E3  http://tinyurl.com/kor9o4
i wish i was at the beach with my friends.  i dont wanna leave town for a week
I wish I was at the beach.  fail for work
i wish i was at the jb concert in Dallas tonight  but im pretty sure Texas is not where i should be...  my heart hurts :/
I wish I was at the jonas brothers concert instead of work. 
I wish i was at the kasket krawlers show 
I wish I was at the lakers parade 
I wish i was at the mtv Awards. 
I wish I was at the MTV movie awards  So no fair!
I wish I was at the Roots picnic... 
I wish i was at The Roxy watching @thejohnset and all my favorite bands 
I wish I was at wango tango 
i wish i was back in san francisco... washington dc is a little boring 
I wish I was back on coffee - but Egypt has done something to my taste for it. 
I wish I was better at writing. It's taking me so long to write this paper. 
i wish i was born in the fifties. i love the 50's amd 60's!!!! I WAS SOOO BORN IN THE WRONG ERA!!! 
I love britney so much 
i love canada. thinkin about the weekend. i love it. im sad though.  _lynnie&lt;3
i love catching up with old friends... my little bros are all grown up now  cant wait till i see them again&lt;3
I love cheese with a sick addictive passion but the sodium is not good for me!   Help me, somebody... Please!
i love christopher...my tragus hurts though 
i love city and colour. makes me remind bad times though  miss you
I love cold weather, it's numbing.  But sometimes, the thawing process can be more painful..   
I love coming home early after school. Too bad my school day won't end till 5:30 tomorrow. 
I love cuddlng until noon then going out for brunch... Why can't every day be Saturday?? 
i'm interested to see how i function @ work tomorrow. i have to wake up in 2 hrs. hahhaha....not really though. 
I'm intrigued by the crow knocking on the front door with his beak... he didn't seem to want to come in though 
I'm invisible to you right ? Because i try &amp; you dont care...  @SexiiParis I'm so sorry my baby :'( boys apparently like sluts... =/
I'm irritable again. That's not good for joey face 
I'm itchy and miserable!
I'm it's kind of late... ohhh my god i don't know how I'm going to stand 2 more school-days! ahhhhhh!!!!! my head is about to explode!!!! 
I'm Jammin on the NONE!!! And watching the homies play PS3. 
im jealous lol carlie has 409 updates i have I8 
I'm jealous of @puggaloo and @legako's Asheville adventures. 
Im jealous of some of the people in choir 
I'm jealous of the Indo-ers 
I'm jealous of the people at Walmart that got to buy Ghostbusters at midnight 
im jealous that i can't go to porc fest this year 
I'm jealous!  Tino is in Florida, this holiday's! O_O... But I can't spend more time with my &quot;almost&quot; boyfriend. xD
I'm jealous. There's beer, @citygirlgvl @bobbyrettew @thebrandbuilder @sellphone (Happy bday Jay!) but not me.  Have fun ya'll. 
im just a girl. standing in front of a boy. asking him to love her. 
I'm just a little too not over you! 
I'm just about gettin used 2 this! Rugby is relly good ferris is an idiot 4 gettin the bin! 
I'm just about to enjoy, A cup of hot lemon and honey drink...unfortunatly I have a cold 
I'm just at school and I'm so tired. I lost my Ipod at home  On the evening again I see my dogs. =D
im just dreamin out loud, i cant have you for mine and i know it 
I'm just exhausted after a looong week with an unsettled grumpy buba.  hope he sleeps through tonight cos he hasn't this week &amp; it's hard
I'm just getting to sleep and there are birds chirping outside my window. Gtf! 
I'm just going to quit trying. I don't care if I don't have a picture or if my background sucks.  #fuckofftwitter
im just gonna cry now 
I'm just grouchy because it's been such a beautiful day and I've been stuck in here!! 
I'm just in a bad mood.  And I don't want to go to work.
I'm just listenin to my prayer n worship cd BiZniS   come to church wit me!!
I'm just messing around with tweetdeck settings ... and suffering major memory leak  #fail
I'm just not able to be in USA for a month, without tweeting. I'm so used to this &amp; this 4 days, while I was in Muhu, was so hard for me. 
I'm just pissed because I only washed my hair once   &amp; then I went out of town. And why does she have to take from the family?
I'm just praying its sunny tomorrow, i NEED 2 swim   .............. (i'll keep posting through the night, thnks 2 my fucking insomnia()
im just sitting at work..  blehh
I'm just sitting on a bench on the street waiting for friends. Why do men have to stare and hiss at me?   http://bit.ly/PniG
I'm just sleeping at home... the best part is that I feel sick.  so yeah, I REALLY enjoy this holiday!
im just so confused. 
im just so damn tired of everything 
I'm just so done with everything I hate being the joke of everybodys day 
I'm just sooooooo tired, can't b bothered doing anythin but lie down 
im just staring @ my clubbin outfit  LOLLL
I'm just testing my 1st augmented reality apps Wikitude. It's a very interesting apps, too bad not so much reff for indonesia.. 
Im just thinking bout life. I need my bed. My fiance is in bed first 
I'm just tired from learning literature 
I'm just tired in multiple senses of the word 
I'm just tired. 
I'm just tweeting away &amp; noone is tweeting back to me.. 
im just waiting for the new iphone update 
I'm just wake up and I guess I should sleep more. Little tired 
i'm just with my exxxx 
I'm just wondering when the hell it's gonna stop raining! Has not been a very good beach season so far 
i'm justifying it today with the AC being out at the office. but my iced coffees and i will need to break it off- TODAY. 
I'm keeping my fingers crossed that class gets out early tonight. I still have a lot of studying to do for tomorrow and Wednesday nights. 
I'm kind of bummed that I haven't been watching Real Housewives of NJ. They sound fun! I don't think we have Bravo in the Boro, though. 
I'm kind of disappointed with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. The book is not true to the Looney Toons episode. 
I'm kind of glad of the rain and dull weather - 4 weeks on into infection and eyes still not better 
i'm kind of hungry...but it's still too early for lunch i think! 
I'm kind of mad he texted me. Now I think I miss him... 
im kind of sad that i missed the keyword cause i need more points for the 101 club to enter in for a jonas brothers flyaway to vegas 
I'm kind of sad they were home because if the order got scrapped those chicken enchiladas would have been mine all mine! Hungry 
I'm kind of sad, going to miss the jeep club meeting again 
i'm kind of upset that jon and kate broke up. 
I'm kind of wondering why I signed up for this thingy... I must be bored with life.. how sad.. 
Im kinda bummed that there is no honda civic tour this year 
I'm kinda disappointed that apple didn't release the new OS 3.0 today like they said they would  
I'm kinda disappointed with #lvatt. I mean...it's good. But not amazing.  ah well. I still love them.
i'm kinda mad at myself turned down summer jam tickets last night and i sooooo shouldn't have, @beezobabii is on a hunt o mannn  lol
I'm kinda mad that Nick Jonas sings like EVERYTHING now. 
I'm kinda really regretting planning this...this will be the last time I probally ever see him 
I'm kinda sad basketball is over. Now what are we gonna watch? I'm gonna miss seeing Pau Gasol's hair bounce with such grace 
Im Kinda Sad Cause SU3D has started filming and i really wanted to audition for it 
I'm kinda sad cos my crazy fast web browser on my phone has stopped working.... Depresseedddddddddddddddddddd 
I'm kinda sad it's dead in here tonite - we FINALLY get a good band in here &amp; there's nobody but my bartender &amp; me to enjoy it! 
Im kinda sick of my htc.... wanna get me some new smartphone.... but no money 
I'm kinda tired.. want to have a nap but then I won't sleep till late tonight.. and the won't get up till late tomorrow morning. 
im kinda wishing adam won american idol 
I'm knackered. And I haven't even gone OUT yet. 
I'm lamenting not having my huge salad for the second day in a row. 
I'm late for work, the train is rammed, I have no paper, no coffee and it's sunny outside. 
I'm late to class. Shit. 
i'm laying around because scott took the fishing poles to work today.     Maybe i'll go get em after i shower.
im laying down cuz i sprained my ankle... 
I'm laying down. I have a huge headache. 
im laying in bed at 1:59 a.m and i cant sleep so im slightly pissed off! ..man im going to be so tired for school tomorrow 
I'm laying in bed wondering why the heck my brain won't &quot;shut off&quot; so I can go to sleep? Gonna be a long day tomorrow!!! 
I'm laying in bed. I'm excited for todays weather! Too bad my body hurts and I have bruises all over. I really don't want to move. 
i'm leading an unhealthy life. will be dead very soon. 
I'm learning all about Twitter &amp; thinking about tator tots...My tummy hurts to 
im learning how to use this stupid twitter thingy 
I'm learning some economic theories for the exam in 14 days, but I'm not seeing any light at the end of the tunnel 
Im leavin tenn and heading back to SC 
I'm leaving at 3 AM tomorrow......I still have nothing packed. 
im leaving for 3 weeks and they are already planning on turning my room into a walk in wardrobe. 
Im leaving noonish 
I'm leaving to see my family in El Paso,TX i wont be back for a week. 
im leaving today and im gonna miss my best friend ever soooo much! 
I'm leaving today for mission trip and I'll be back in a week....no computers there so no contact with anyone 
I'm legit shaking it is so cold in my house 
I'm less than two miles from T-Mobile HQ and there is no 3G coverage here  #fail
I'm letting a five year old give me a makeover.  THE BUSINESS TONIGHT WOOO.
im leving twiiter no ones talking to me on here should i say or should i  just  give up 
I'm lied to my parents just now. Huhu  I have to.
i'm like a f***ing magnet. whenever i sit my ass down by the computer all kids comes running. 
im like a kid right now wanting to go outside but i cant at home with a cold 
I'm like addict with twitter   anyways goodbye computer  till the friday xd
i'm like all sleepy at the ofc now. 
I'm like an online shopping junky who just fell off of the wagon  I need professional help, but at least we will have a new table soon!
im like bored as hell right now lol and im kinda in the mood for icecream but its 1:50am  and all the icecream shops are closed -__-
im like bored as hell right now lol and im kinda in the mood for icecream buts it 1:50am  and all the icecream shops are closed -__-
I'm like exhausted.  2 more changes and then the show is over. Going to the mall and then summer camp clean up. Blah. I wanna go homee 
I'm like really hungry.but theirs no food to eat  ill post a pic of my fridge lmao
im like really sad its over, i was telling @haleyxfax like no more behind the scenes no more backstage, no more  how sad.
im like SO sleepy but i cannot sleep. im gonna be so screwed tomorrow/today. 
I'm like, really hungry but I don't know what to eat. 
I'm like.. BEYOND bored..  i wanna see @fruustratedd right now
I'm liking d mix of songs my iPhone is playing 4 mr 2day - i'd love 2 go home now 
I'm liking Saffia but can't understand how she could leave her young baby  #bb10
I'm listenin' to one of my new fave songs:Lady Gaga Poker Face doin' some Psy hw 
im listening to 90's songs.. i really don't like this type of songs.. sware! 
i'm listening to NFG(coming home) for a week or two now. literally. i miss my old friends. 
i'm listening to your eyes don't lie. i wish i can whistle just like david during the concert. 
I'm literally counting down the days till Zante ,cos here i come! i bet monday and tuesday just drag on it will be hell offically 
im literally crushed right now 
I'm living on a diet of tea (should really be water...) and rich tea biscuits again. 
I'm locked out of my house! 
i'm logging out........ oooohh, i might be staying at Intercontinental hotel tom. Might not get any chance to  be online.... 
I'm loitering around waiting for some yankees to show up while Essi got to see Moon. 
im lonely 
I'm lonely 
im lonely   watching the beautiful moon....and listening to &quot;the bset day&quot; i cried listening to it im such a dores
Im lonely  @pep how was ur shoot
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Buffalo - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, El Paso - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Fort Myers - Florida
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New Haven - Connecticut
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New Orleans - Louisiana
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, New York - New York
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Parkersburg - West Virginia
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Sacramento - California
im lonely and all im allowed to eat are crackers 
I'm lonely now 
I'm lonely!!! Fix it! 
Im lonely. 
i'm lonely. 
i'm lonely.  i need some hug.
Im lonely. Everyone is at the disco! 
I'm lonely... 
im lookign for the new skittles but i can't find them 
I'm looking 4 hotel w/character 4 our keynote speaker @BlindscomCEO,  in Milwaukee near Italian Community Center, IronHorse was booked. 
I'm looking at old pictures, and wishing I could be as skinny as I once was.  I'm going for a walk...
I'm looking at sad stories on youtube ! They are so sad !  x
I'm looking California....And feeling Minnesota. Where is the sun? Boo. 
I'm looking for a bday  present for someone for no money 
I'm looking for a job with very little success!! 
I'm looking for a job!!! Wishing that i could get the motivaton to do everything i need to do..... And wishing i had better friends 
I'm looking for a new small camera backpack. For the good of my back, certainly not for the good of my bank balance. 
im looking for Mr. Yeah... so far no damn luck  lol
I'm looking for work 
I'm looking forward to catching up on my Jon and Kate plus 8 drama tonight. It's like I'm a part of there family, except I'm not Asian. 
i'm looking forward to manchester 2moz night . working in the morn tho....working on my birthday!!!! 
I'm looking in the sky and it's raining 
im looking thru old pics from 3 years ago: our trip to great america, july bday bbqs, random hangouts.what happend? i miss those days 
i'm loosing followers 
i'm loosing followers  i guess i just need to start talking about #hoppusday, the #swineflu, or #Kelloggs!??!
I'm loosing my FRIENDS.....  
i'm loosing my voice.. i need some throat coat..  &amp; my grandma tryna make me eat livers.. are they good??
I'm losing everyone I've ever cared about... 
I'm losing it. Locked myself out. Someone help  call pls
i'm losing my clothes, first my black pants, and now i can't find my dickies jacket 
I'm losing my followers 
IM LOSING MY GROUND   SOMEONE HELP 
Im losing my internet and cable tomorrow  I hate movin... but love my new place
I'm losing my voice...it hurts! 
I'm lost in the store! 
I'm lovin this weather!! hope its like this 2moro, gettin REALY nervous now 
I'm loving that all of us iPhone users in Canada get to use MMS and Internet Tethering from day one! Sorry, my American friends... 
im loving the sunshine today! gotta get my windscreen on my van done today  song writin day today for me!! hell yeah!
I'm loving the TweetDeck on my iPhone... The desktop version is doing my headin though! It doesn't present me with the login screen... 
Im loving this but its a tad boring 
I'm loving twitter right now even tho i dont no how to work it 
Im lying alone.. Wit my head on e phone.. Thinking of u till it hurts. Down wit a fever! Just my luck.  - http://tweet.sg
Im lying in bed so tired and i cant sleep 
I'm Lying In My Bed But Have To Get Up Now 
I'm mad at @thisislilwayne 4 not bringin the tour 2 Columbus,OH  I still â™¥ him tho!!! Might consider takin that drive 2 Clevelandâ™¥â™¥â™¥#1 Fan
I'm mad at Snapfish because I ordered a card for my Mom LAST sunday when they sent me an e-mail about it, and the card never came 
I'm mad at you. @mileycyrus  .. If it doesn't work out the first time, don't go back to it. Honestly. It'll make problems worse.
I'm mad because I can't have an ego waffle! Those things are so friggin' good! 
Im mad cuz i cant get any picture to work. 
im mad I left my gym bag at home! I really feel like being at the gym 
I'm mad I missed college hill  I didn't get home from skool til 10:45pm..I had to unwind &amp; by dha time I did that it was off
Im mad im sittin here &amp; i wanna go to sleep but cant! uuuuhhh 
im mad lauren left the hills..lol who invites a spring fling to a wedding.. tell me why was bartender stacy at speidie's wedding. 
I'm mad that I got no sleep 
I'm mad victoria secrets online purdue collection ONLY has 3 items! There better be a better selection in the store soon 
I'm mad!!!! Kalan was in the chat room yesterday and of course I wasn't online!!!! 
I'm mad, I erased all the pics in my camera by mistake! 
I'm mad, I'm tryna upload this pic of me and candy scared, lol, and it aint workin! Somebody help me! 
im mad....i just heard that Robert Pattinson got hit by a cab because he was running away from his fans!!!! people need to lay-off. 
i'm mad...there's a girl on T.V with MYYYYYY blonde streak!!!!   haha
Im Making A New Song Too! But I Only Have The First Verse  I Cant Seem To Get The Chours Down Oh Well I'll Get It Sooner Or Later -Tori
Im making a video but the pereview is showing all pixle like 
I'm making an emergency run to mcdonalds , I really don't want to ear that can of tuna 
im making baked potato for tea  after i do my dishes 
I'm making Emergen-C for Baby! He says im glued to the computer and wont make him feel better!  Pobrecito
I'm meant to be studying..... Someone save me   http://mypict.me/2kne
Im memorizing my speech for english public speaking... 
I'm mentally preparing myself for summer school  eh, lets call it Summer Camp for the Mind...it sounds better
I'm Milwaukee and a bit disappointed with the weather 
Im missed the othersiders 
I'm missin @young _cutty video shoot tomorrow. So sad. 
I'm missin the MTV awards 
im missing  my frens 
im missing @kamuench and @nannersn ... wish i couldve gone to havesu too  booo chem
im missing a gurl named &quot;krishtalyn&quot; so bad for now.. 
I'm missing a lot of people. 
I'm missing A rite now..eventhough we've moved on,it keeps so hard to walk away  http://myloc.me/534g
I'm missing all the cool conferences in NYC. First World Science Festival &amp; now #140conf @obilon = FAIL. 
im missing bananas for myy pancakes.  but they still gon hit the spot regardless, so im not trippin! :] holla!!!
im missing everyone on the french trip....band practice with sophie was funny. I actually hate that marshall man now......GRRRR! 
I'm missing football today... 
im missing her more and mooore.  -Today was hella fun. Guard thing, rolling down them hills, pictures, and more. Best believe.
i'm missing him  nice to get spontanious, lovely texts once in a while...
I'm missing Jeremy u+me=2   Besides that I hold onto the darkest part of me, still trying to let go but having a hard time.
im missing mario 
I'm missing MasterChef again 
i'm miSsing mY 11 .. 
im missing my baby luv already 
I'm missing my babycakes   I'm off to bed.  Can't wait for him to call me in 5 hours to wake me up so we can talk before i go to work! 
i'm missing my best friend  oh where can she be?
I'm missing my bffs Abby &amp; Andrea M.!!!!!!!! 
I'm missing my boo 
I'm missing my boy because he doesn't like to talk to me 
i'm missing my boyf. but he doesn't know that i'm missing him.  don't wish t disturb him too. *sigh*
im missing my family.... 
Im missing my haley something fierce. 
I'm missing my handsome man 
I'm missing my handsome man. I love his smell on my pillows. It helps me sleep. However.....its starting to fade. 
I'm missing my MacBook !!! 1 week without him ! 
I'm missing my man 
im missing my parents 
I'm missing my puppy 
I'm missing my Sweetie...    is it Sunday yet?
I'm missing nicholas. He will be away for 3 MONTHS for national service ! AHHH. 
I'm missing NMISC badly.  
I'm missing NYC right now! All my friends are out! 
I'm missing Roddick play at Wimbledon  anyone know how he is doing?
I'm missing some ppls 
im missing someone 
I'm missing something, I'm missing something... OH, yap: Lunch! 
I'm missing sum1 rite now 
I'm missing the game..... 
im missing the livelyness w/ @GerrywitaG &amp; @Peediizpiff lol 
I'm missing the MTV awards 
im missing the mtv movie awards tonight  hopefully brandi (lucky bitch) will record it for me
im missing u already dumbass.. 
im missing you....waaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh... 
Im more red than tanned  but sitting outside all day again today  driving lesson in a couple of hours, cant be botherd  byeee xx
I'm more tired than a very tired thing today. 
I'm most bummed about this Shaq trade because he's moving conferences. Now I can only stalk him once a year 
I'm most likely the most accident-prone person you know. PERIOD. 
I'm moving from Camelback Capri next weekend  it was a good run while it lasted but time to upgrade
i'm moving more of my stuff to my parents house tomorrow... and telling them that I'm giving Izzie up.  sad day
I'm moving out today!!!  God I'm going to miss college.. No more excuses... lol
Im moving to canada 
im moving today! yay. sadly il be closer to my skool 
I'm moving tomorrow! I won't have internet for a month or so... Miss me. 
Im n bed, but alone 
Im naked with out my sunglasses i miss them so much 
I'm nauseous  all of a sudden  Going to bed.....
I'm nearing a nervous breakdown. I have exam in 2 hours and I can't sleep, when I try I have nightmares 
I'm needing a girls night, wearing sweats, watching movies, eating chocolate and talking about boys 
i'm neglecting my twitter  BOOHOO lolz... so who's up?!
I'm nervous bout the greek picnic this weekend. I don't thnk I wanna go  need encouragement please..
i'm never going to ever use my shinguards again. how bad does that suck? i misssss soccer.. 
I'm never going to feel ok this didn't work. I feel horrible. I can't stand it. 
im never going to get over you. and it's sad b/c i have to 
I'm never going to leave the office. Now I have to catch the 7:35 train to get home at 9pm 
I'm never gonna see Darren again  I got a hug though(:
im never happy with my myspace profile 
Im new here ppl should tlk to meh ? 
Im new on here so hiya! im off for this power walk in the rain  dedication lol xxx
im new on twitter , noone reads me yet 
Im new to this and cant find anyone   anyways im gonna go lay down cause I think my kids gave me their virus so im feeling aggh!
Im new to twitter... and i don't know what im doinggggg 
Im no #css expert but can safely say I am better than the peep who produced this 1600 lines of drivel, I hate doing this stuff sometimes. 
i'm no good with effervescent vitamins. Once again i've flooded my desk with coke and trashed my tree of life poster  poop! #fb
I'm no longer a resident of Sneed 101  hello Wall Hall (that's fun sounding!)
I'm no longer in the chatroom 
I'm nood good at english  only 1 more english exam to go tho :S
i wish i was capable of speaking my mind. . . 
I wish I was chillin with @karahhh before she leaves 
i wish I was cliff mansfield 
i wish i was coming shaun  but how do ya get tix, and it is probs in sydney anyway,.. awww
I wish I was cool enough to have voices in my head, but sadly I am not 
I wish I was covering the Iranian Elections now. 
i wish i was dead so i could see u happy one day!! so emo xional 
I wish I was drinking right now.....instead of studying for an exam 
I wish I was drinking with @firedancer717, @spareohhs, and @pmsprincess38.  
i wish i was driving around the counrty with @xoxo_emily right now and not getting ready for work 
I wish I was enjoy this beautiful weather in NY  but I'm working. I hope to make up for it later
i wish i was famous 
I wish I was feeling well enough to go to the #iranelection protest in Chicago. 
I wish i was goin to church instead of work! 
i wish i was going to be with my ST girls tomorrow 
I wish I was going to convocation... 
i wish i was going to dallas 
i wish i was going to give it a name 
i wish i was going to glastonbury this weekend 
I wish I was going to Hawaii  
I wish I was going to Miami  
I wish i was going to Paris...not Vietnam 
I wish I was going to summer jam.  and I'm hungry as hell now. Need another cookout. I'm gonna have to hit up walmart in a min to cook.
I wish I was going to the beach this week 
i wish i was going to the JB concert now 
I wish I was going to the laker parade tomorrow 
I wish i was going to the Lakers parade! But i cant  Ill watch it on TV
I wish I was good at counter-strike:source. I could be making millions. 
I wish I was graduating in Sicily. 
I wish i was home 
I wish I was home snuggled up wit my babies 
i wish i was home son 
I wish I was home. 
I wish I was in bed sleeping, or  listening to Paula Cole, or Natalie Merchant now! 
I wish i was in california. 
I wish I was in Dallas so badly. I would do anything to be there 
i wish i was in love too...  
i wish i was in nyc so i could go to @mjohnsmusic's meet &amp; greet. 
i wish i was in PE 
I wish I was in PIT right now for the parade. Guess ill have to settle for the wpxi feed 
I wish i was in sd.. 
i wish i was in seaside heights at the princess dinner so i could have the best waffle with FRESH strawberries damn memories 2006? 
I wish I was in skool again I miss all friends 
I WISH I WAS IN SUNTEC NOW AT #awaresg.  I have never been prouder of my country. Take #aware back from the homoprobes.
I wish I was in the British Isles with Dick and Christina T. reading and reciting Shakespeare. And sightseeing/touring the pubs too! 
I'm not a fan of all day trainings I Novi. I'm one sleepy girl. 
I'm not a fan of cold mornings 
im not a fan of sore throats 
I'm not a fan of the 6am wake up call I had this morning. Getting braided up at the moment...cya in like 6 hours 
im not a happy girl  i just found my qwerty and apparently shes been drowned, now wtf am i suppose to do with no phone :*(
Im not a happy person. Im really really cold! 
i'm not a morning person... 7:34 am .. my eyesssss 
Im not a toy you can put on a shelf and play with whenever you want? Im a REAL boy 
Im not a tweetaholic!  i just choose to let people know what im doing a lot
i'm not able to change my background image....  help?!
I'm not allowed to pet or be close to my cat, my mom told me he was going to make me worse. 
im not allowed to smoke toniqht 
im not amused... 
I'm not an idiot, I'm actually quite clever. Side note- Throat does hurt .. 
I'm not an O-fm fan! It's driving me insane. Yay for the boks winning, but really sad we lost the cricket!  ab you idiot
im not at all happy about the big cleanup ahead 
Im not at the rodeo...  ME..... Awww... I didnt know  its okay... Rodeo... Houston... George strait.... Yeah... Imma be there
I'm not authorised to see @BrokenAngel tweets anymore. she h8s me  
I'm not baby anymore 
I'M NOT BORING, JUST A SHY GUY WHO GET'S NERVOUS SOMETIMES.  TRYIN TO BREAK IT......
Im not cool because I dont have a flickr account  to that I say IM THE BUCK!!
i'm not cool enough  haha
I'm not Danielle  I'd never. Ily so much.
I'm not dead despite rumours to the contrary. New job means very little online time in the office 
Im not doing anything 
I'm not doing anything 
I'm not doing so well in my MLS fantasy and FIFA fantasy football 
I'm not drinking tonite cause I'm a little emotional and DO NOT feel like crying. I just want to cook dinner for someone &amp; spend time 
I'm not enjoying it 
i'm not enjoying life at the moment 
I'm not enjoying the 3.0 software for iPod touch...  #trackle
I'm not enjoying this whole waking up early thing during my summer 
I'm not even excited to see marianas trench today , I'm so upset 
I'm not even going to The Saturdays' tour until 24th June - hate being so late on into a tour. 
I'm not even halfway through this movie, but I think Brokeback Mountain is terrible..
I'm not even in the mood to watch the first episodes of Sonny with a chance in italian 
I'm not even missed.  
I'm not even the least bit of being sleepy.I have to get up early too.ugh I miss my boyfriend 
I'm not feel so good 
im not feelin good today 
im not feelin the elephants on my profile anymore... 
i'm not feelin' too well 
I'm not feeling 100% yet. Its going to be a long night at work  
I'm not feeling all that great... pasta dinner made me sick  watching Mandisa Goes To Jail with the parentals &amp; hubby.
I'm not feeling ESPN's bootleg coverage of the French Open. I'm still in NYC. My aunt doesn't have Tennis Channel 
I'm not feeling good ... 
Im not feeling good at all. I feel very dizzy and nauscious.  goodnight
im not feeling good so im going to sleep 
im not feeling good today 
i'm not feeling good!! I gotta cut tonite short 
I'm not feeling my new job!  I hate doing orders and admin stuff, I want to be more creative.. The role is office manager! Me no like 
Im not feeling myself atm 
I'm not feeling so good  - day 1 missed of the last real week of school
I'm not feeling so hot  goodnight
Im not feeling the love today 
I'm not feeling this weather today where is the  Sun @ 
I'm not feeling too good   sigh
Im not feeling too well  i seem to have lost my appetite ....
I'm not feeling too well!  Watch Sonny with a Chance Hannah Montana and Jonas today!!!!
I'm not feeling up to myself today. I've been doodling thought bubbles all morning. When I'm sad, I doodle.  Somebody help me 
I'm not feeling very productive today. 
i'm not feeling very well today...pity me 
I'm not feeling well  I'm very tired with a headache and tummy pain 
I'm not feeling well at all. 
i'm not feeling well today 
I'm not feeling well today  thinkbits a stay iin bed day!!
Im not feeling well. 
i'm not feeling well. 
I'm not feeling well.. So not well.. 
Im not gana play tho, my body cnt handle anymore abuse...  lol
im not gettin all my tweets!especially mobily!lol  but in gud news i beat @AmmadWilliams lol
I'm not getting a vacation this year 
I'm not getting any tweet messages on my phone..  
I'm not getting emails people send to me, if i don't respond to you I probably didn't get it 
Im not getting on here 4 a while if u know me u know how 2 get @ me im starting my isolation no one will care if im gone n e way 
im not getting peoples updates 
I'm not getting the job after all. Back to square one. 
I'm not getting twits to my phone 
Im not getting your up dates 
im not goin to let this stoopid pain in the ass tonsilitis ruin my night!! grr...its sooo fookn annoying i want my voice back!!! 
im not goin to school today. 
I'm not going to be able to make it to any parties this weekend. I am so sorry guys.  I have family stuff to do. I love you all very much.
I'm not going to be able to see the MTV movie awards tonight because I have to work. 
I'm not going to be able to sleep until I get a good night from my boyfriend. 
I'm not going to be able to watch the game tonight  PLEASE keep me updated every 5 minutes!!!
I'm not going to be the first one to say it but...Nintendo, you've let all the &quot;adult&quot; gamers down...... 
i'm not going to church today because i don't feel good at all. my throat hurts. 
I'm not going to get much sleep tonight 
Im not going to lie.. Ive been up crying since 1.. With the worst ear ache 
im not going to my dads tonight !!!!! and hes got a 12 foot pool  he has to tell me that hes got things when im not going TWAT !!
I'm not going to tell about my dream. sadly, it was a wee bit depressing to wake up and not have it be real. 
im not going to the JB concert. i wanna die. please come to brasilia. PLEASE PLEASE PLEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASE. oh god. im so sad. sososo sad. 
im not going to vanessa williams album listening party  tickets are all sold out! i took too long to decide...oh well.
I'm not gonna be able to do my #gnw spamming this week  But I will start afresh next week!
im not gonna be able to fit all these songs onmy ipod... theres not enough memory.. 
im not gonna find my snail. but thatd be funny!! 
im not gonna front these bitches about to get all my money 
I'm not gonna have her as close as I'm use to  But the house is great so I'm happy for them!
I'm not gonna have my car for a while 
I'm not gonna let this class mess me up or bum me out. I'll get over it. It just SUCKS that I KILLED myself for a class I didn't pass. 
I'm not gonna lie - it's a HOT day in Africa! 
I'm not gonna lie, movie was creepy as heck. I hate to know that I'm going to sleep alone 
i love deadliest catch, want more followers  
I love Disney movies but Up is soooo sad 
i love doing nothing until it gets REALLY boring...and it just got boring 
I love doodling so much but do I ever suck at doing anything finished... including commissions. 
i love DRAKE..but I am not feeling this remix 
I love driving through the mountains with the windows down and music up. Too bad the drive was to work. 
I love Erin Marie Finley more than the sun and the sky and all the world  thats why when she hurts and I'm the cause, its like dying 
I love everyone. Have a great day, I just woke upppp  didn't sleep much
i love Fly With Me, live chats and don't like being sick. 
I love Fridays...short work day &amp; early start to my weekend! Altho my allergies are putting a damper on things today. 
i love gay boys but i think brokeback mountain sucked..
I'm not gonna make it. 
I'm not gonna wear my retainers until Wednesday. Not really my option, but my dentist is gonna modify it a bit. 
I'm not good at goodbyes..really i just cannot deal with it 
i'm not good today 
im not happy   my ipod or laptop dont know whih but one has decided to refuse to let me sync my songs :'( how can i live without it :/
I'm not happy  I've just bought lots of nice dresses that look awful on  :@ !!!
I'm not happy with the fact that I have to wake up at 6:00AM to go to an office and do pitiful interfiling work. 
im not happy. its not my fault. im not trying to be mean 
im not having a good day 
I'm not having a good day 
I'm not having a good day. 4 cockroaches, durian infested bus and a dead cat  - http://tweet.sg
i'm not having a good night 
I'm not having a good week, things jst arent going my way 
I'm Not Having Fun Cuz one of my family is being shady also bring all the drama to the family , i really hate those people . 
I'm not having much of a birthday dinner.  I swear that steak is required for a good night out.
I'm not heading to Dallas til tomorrow  Thats okay though...NM is beautiful. Its 100+ degrees today in Roswell!!
I'm not home to read bb 
i'm not hungry but i have to eat 
I'm not hungry. but I want to eat! 
I'm not impressed that my whole facebook home page is a discussion about how bad camp rock and the jonas brothers are 
I'm not impressed with iPhone 3.0 software on my iTouch. Not seeing the benefits and I feel that my $10 was wasted. 
i'm not in the mood 
I'm not in the mood of studing!!!!!!!!! but i have to 
im not in the mood to hang out. 
Im not joking...i have no ride to the airport! 
im not karen's secret boo nomore 
I'm not liking that new iTunes Pricing at all. I mean, I've seen several songs at $1.29, but not only one at $0.69! 
i'm not liking the light saber... it hurts my hand 
I'm not looking forward for my 3 hour math class m-th 
I'm not looking forward to 4th of July this year 
I'm not looking forward to getting up at 445 tomorrow morning!!! 
Im not looking forward to school tomorrow. 
I'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here 
I'm NOT looking forward to the triple digits the weatherman has forcasted for us later on this week! 
I'm not looking forward to this week... I don't think it will be a good one 
i love going to the apple store on my day off.. phone died on my way home from work.. have a genius bar appointment tomorrow at w14th 
I love greasy food ! I love carbs ! ... What am I suppose to eat? Lunch without rice or bread is no lunch ! 
I love green day's lead Billie Joe, sadly he loves Rob Pattinson 
I love hanging out with my friends. I'm going to miss them over the summer. 
I love Harrison Ford! Too bad Air Force One was his last good movie  age him like a ton of bricks :'(
I love having 2 word fights Because some how i fail to separate the words and conjoin them both leaving me hanging and losing the fight 
I'm not looking forward to tonight 
I'm not looking forward to tonight  my snuggly wuggly bear is in tally
I'm not looking forward to working over the next 8 days! Come next Sunday, I may or may not be dead 
Im not loving Mariah Carey's New Single &quot;Obsessed .&quot; I hope the rest of the songs in her album isnt like this 
I'm not making fun of the situation in Iran. Sorry about that. 
im not motivated to get out of the house today...it's so cloudy 
i'm not okey today. 
im not on here enough to have cool updates 
I'm not on Twitter enough for my replies to ever be relevant  On a plus note, 2 phones means you can call 1 when you cant find the other!
I'm not one to skip an exam, regardless of how i think about the subject or my probable performance. 
im not over you .  im telling the truth here ..
i'm not prepared for this much work yet 
I'm not putting anything 
I'm not ready for Hurricane Season  
I'm not ready for my baby to be 3 tomorrow  she is growing so fast....
I'm not ready for my exam tomorrow hope I will be ready this night for tomorrow 
I'm not ready to do the meet setup without K!! 
I'm not ready to go back 2 skl 2moro. Can't believe half-term's over already  English exam 2moro...  wish me luck!! xx
I'm not ready to go to school yet  I'm happy classes are suspended 
I'm not ready to grow up yet but oh well...  I wanna be childish (at times) and selfish for at least another year
im not ready to leave high school 
I'm not really down with conan taking leno's spot... 
I'm not really happy today! 
i'm not satisfied with my internship at MTV, because i think it's not enough to suffice my need for 75k points 
I'm not sleeping at all until @thisisryanross accepts my appology 
I'm not sleeping because I have a looot of things to do... 
im not so excited to come back to school 
im not so happy 
im not sorry  i just got home from drivers ed and im gonna go sleep more i think
I'm not still up I swear. Why do I keep losing. gaining. losing. gaining. tweeps?  So heart wrenching.
im not sure 
I'm not sure about this one... It's sad...  http://shirt.woot.com/
I'm not sure exactly why i Twitter! i'm almost positive nobody reads mine anyway.. 
Im not sure how to work this thing  Lol Any help ??  xx
I'm not sure if Gone Baby Gone (2007) is a good movie with a horrible ending or if it was just a bad movie - so sad 
I'm not sure i'll have the strenght for another insane week.  I really need to rest!
I'm not sure what to do now... #NBA #NHL #NFL #AHL #CWS #CFB #CBB are all on hiatus. My TV is worthless to me from June to August. 
I'm not sure why I still have Myspace for.. I wish all the hot guys profiles weren't set to private 
I'm not sure why walking around in barnes and noble comforts me so much. O well now I'm off to work 
im not that tired, nd im watching running scared. i dnt like this part... 
I'm not the type of person who regrets things, but now I think I am. I wanna cry 
I'm not this bad.  Really! Can I get a lifeline of some sort here.  
I'm not tired , but it's boring .. 
Im not tired! What the hell! 
I'm not tired, but I have to sleep. 
I'm not tired, but I may as well go to bed...It's been a long, boring, lonely night  I need some snuggles, darn it! lol Nighty night
I'm not tired. I just texted sarah and I just realized what time it is. Sorry @whatsarahhhsays 
I'm not turning green. I screwed it up 
im not ur bff!!!!  jk jk jk that was 2 sidney
I'm not used to having to get up for work on a Monday  I'm a Tues-Sat kinda girl!
I'm not very happy today, because I did't talk to my favourite friends!!!! x.x 
im not very well at all  night im off to bed, follow me please and dm me x thank you x
I'm not watching that show called News EVER again! As Byron said &quot;Knowledge is sorrow.&quot; Don't mind me! Major literature exam 2morrow 
I'm not well  I've got a whole ENT thing going on. Someone out there gave it to me. Evil person they are (directing that at the wife).
I'm not well- again. I'm all choked up 
Im not worth the time? 
I'm now a joint world record holder, 7 ferrero rochers' in 1 minute! I feel privaledged and sick at the same time 
I'm now a tad fed up of looking for a decent job ... 
I'm now at the craft fair in a field of little tents but it's seriously raining hard and I'm wetter than an Otters pocket 
I'm now at the stage of essay writing where I am thinking faster than I am typing which means I forgot a lot of good ideas. 
I'm now doing some &quot;corno&quot; stuff with some SQL Server Jobs that got failed last Evening  I hope it finishes soon.
i'm now getting paranoid that i maybe blocked again for an hour 
I'm now in bed, can't sleep  i hope you're all well. Hugs and kisses. Xxxxx
I'm now sitting on a table with only one other person who doesn't talk at all  Lonely and quiet!
I'm now working till 10 instead of till 8   Desi
I'm off and headed straight home and into the shower cuz the sun and chlorine did a number to my skin 
i'm off home to see my beatiful dog Kelly!!!!! and my sister's cat Meeka...... i miss my kelly baby she's so old now.... 
i'm off now  bye twitterland *waves* xx
I'm off now for an early dinner with friends. Husband complaining about the waste of time my Flickr is and how my life is #FAIL 
I'm off of work with nothing to do.  i feel lazy and like i need to do something.
Im off school today,, feel really ill 
I'm off sick today 
I'm off the Agape Grad Night! Wish __ and __ were going... 
im off the computer for the day. 
I'm off the injured list!! Boxing on Wednesday, getting up at 5am is gunna suck but it'll be the last month for a long time 
I'm off the phone 
I'm off to Baguio. I would stay there for 2 weeks without my family. I would miss you guys so much.  G'bye Manila. Bye Lovies. :*
im off to bed nothing to fucking do no more!  NIGHT TWEETs!
I'm off to bed now up in 7 and a half hours       *cries.
im off to bed with a huge disappointment in my heart 
I'm off to bed yo. School this morning. Ugh 
I'm off to bed, more to study tomorrow.. again  only 4 days to go 'till the exams, now it's shiver and shake!
im off to bed... hopefully feel better in the morning 
im off to beddy bies lovelies, i have work tomorrow  i love u all, keep me in the twitter loop via texts girls!! xxxxxxxx
I'm off to Denver for a couple days. Y, u gna miss me?! @khrisg I lost my jai ho/babymama ring at Ede's! 
I'm off to do ex bike agan this morning, I don't know wht I do it as I put on weight  and just keep getting fatter 
I'm off to do some geography and maths revision 
Im off to drink some Swedish tea in my HUGE backyard, and do my stupid homework  Toodles x
i'm off to get food. my brother went fishing today  but didn't catch any fish, thank god.
i'm off to KK today..so sad.. 
I'm off to my  freinds birthday BarbQ now but the weather doesn't look good at all  speak to you later....
I'm off to see a movie...I shall be walking..if it rains on me I will be very annoyed. I want sun 
im off to sleep guys adios amigos &gt;=P .. ps: I HOPE MY ANKLE  gets better dued damn 
I'm off to sleep..it's 11:20pm... gotta wake up at 6:30am!  Good night Twitters =D
I'm off to study for my advanced functions math exam -.- ! and yup. next week is booked @KhayeeMariie  o well. im broke anyways xD
I'm off to the dentist...  
I'm off to the hosp to see grandmom. I hate hospitals.  
i'm off to try that sleep thing. my sleep patterns are completely ganked since my dad died.  night, everybody.  happy day, ponders. xo
I'm off to tuition 
I'm off to Vancouver to hang out while my better half works.  I'll make the best of it. 
I'm off to watch my son's soccer in the rain... I really don't want to go!! 
I'm off to watch some Supernatural, and then sleeeeeep - have work in the morning 
I'm off to work. This is sad because I'm in Kansas and I hear that there are decent waves at the beach today. So sad for me. 
I'm off today. Would luv to be going to Anfield tonight,but have no ticket  My mum is going to watch my 9 yr old cousin play in interval
I'm off! Meeting time! YAY! 
I'm offfically a senior now  aisleofyou
im offically addicted to sims3. I don't wanna leave dads house 
i'm officially 18 finally in 8 hours. too bad i dont need to buy cigarettes and it lost its thrill anyways. i dont feel badass anymore 
I'm officially a stalker.  
I'm officially a witness to a hate crime. Oh did I mention the dying giant raven on my doorstep eight hours after the crime occurred? 
im officially at home for the night 
I'm officially in a bad mood....I don't enjoy it 
i'm officially missing you,bii! 
I'm officially off work.  Sad, but true.  Had to happen eventually 
I'm officially old.  I kept being amazed/appalled that the people around me @ the 500 were old enough to drink.
Im officially on vacation now Hurray!!!! ...but @ the moment I dont stop passing the McFly's gig @ Hammersmith, Im absolutely nostalgic  x
I'm officially unhappy with the the way I look. I need to lose weight 
I'm ohhh sooo tired but I can't sleep  :'(
I'm Ok Twit Fam I Mean Not Really But I Don't Wanna Dicuss It Publicly 
im okay im okay. just need to calm down im doing the right thing I THINK 
I'm on @sassykitty2's new iPhone. 
Im on a boat bitch! a dirty boat though 
Im on a mission to try to find my camera...i miss it!  &lt;P0!5!oN!vY&gt;
I'm on a plain, I can't complain! I love Nirvana, too bad Kurt Cobain killed himself. 
I'm on a really good writing jag, but I really have to go to bed now.  Hopefully, I'll be up to finishing tomorrow.
I'm on a sleepover at work. Only trouble is i've had too much coffee and am sleeping even worse than normal 
I'm on break tired, wishing I didn't have to work to min wage jobs 
Im on da toilet, taking a massive $hit it smells like death, i thing sumthin crawld up me and dies 
Im on diet! My goddd Im growing fat now 
I'm on ETSY frontpage... but not really... because my item is sold  buhuhu...
I'm on fakebook again  *sigh* #sadmacface
I'm on holiday when Laura Marling's playing her only London Gig 
I'm on letter D now. Still a long way through the whole alphabet. 
I'm on Modlife...oh wait no..umm...I'm on Matt Skiba oh wait no again 
I'm on my first visit to Bengaluru  n it's raining heavily here 
I'm on my grind today I have to work both jobs  sucks to be me. Hopefully no dumb ?'s or long boring meetings with people complaining
I'm on my last walk with Devo &amp; Leroy  I'm gonna miss them!!!!!
I'm on my much needed break at work...I feel like crap today 
im on my own 
I'm on my way home my sweet @vickycornell. My battery is almost dead. Are you twittering away? No email from you? 
I'm on my way to Jakarta, there's something wrong with my car. Makes me worry so much 
I'm on my way to my cousin's seminary graduation.  this'll be way long!
I'm on my way to my grandma's house...... Woozy  cause twittering I guess haha
I'm on my way to my orthopedic surgeon.. I think I fkd up my foot 
I'm on my way to the airport I don't wanna leave my parents but I have to work 
I'm on my way to work and i left the house with no jacket...I get out of work at 1  I hope it's not TOO cold :-/
I'm on my way to work starting another week  â™« http://blip.fm/~8enxf
I'm on round 4 with this dang migraine  Taking some meds and probably falling asleep...
i'm on school again i hate school the most of my friends outside of school are already free from school en the have a vacation I don't 
I'm on steroids...  does anybody know the side effects?
im on the buissness tariff and i stil havnt got mms!?!?! my fiances got it! but not me, thenagain, she is on pay monthly 
I'm on the bus on the way to dave and busters...I like being on the bus because I'm never on a bus since I walk home 
i'm on the bus which interior looks like a bar which is freaking cold! i miss u  - http://tweet.sg
I'm on the bus! Awful weather in Denmark atm  or, it's awful where I am. I just felt a tear running down my face. Wtf?! Falling in love &lt;3
I'm on the dumb plane now 
I'M ON THE STOVE SLAVING OVER MAKING SOME DINNER FOR MY GIRL I THINK. I MAYBE EATING ALONE.  
I'm on the world wide web searching for real estate, and there is way too much that I'm seeing and not enough that I'm liking 
I'm on vacation in New Jersey, but it's pouring rain. 
im on val's mac in iitsc clubroom. still sweating 
Im on work, its so boring   
i'm only a 'fan' to you? disappointed. 
I'm only functioning off of 3 hours of sleep. Please, let me be able to make it through the night @ work! 
I'm only gonna get 6 hours of sleep tonight 
I'm only half-awake today. This being a holiday it would be ok. Except I have to work today ... 
I'm only working in one school today!! yaayy... I have the afternoon off... The problem is that i don't know what to do with it 
I'm oozing from all kinds of places and acheing where I have never ached before,I look like crap,I've spent half my shift on my knees 
I'm out &amp; I just want some strawberries &amp; cool whip.. oh man. 
i love having weekends off! had a lot of fun since friday night. sore leg still tho  its gone all yellow!!!!
I love her but she doesn't 
I love her so much but always spell her name wrong... that's so rude I feel bad and really dont' do it on purpose  U know I love u LAuren!
i love him (kris allen)...haha, hope to see him 
I love him, but he has a lot of girls who love him... HARDDD!!! rrrrrawrrrr 
I love him, i know it's wrong coz he doesn't feel the same way as i feel. BUT, how could it be so wrong to follow the beat of my heart? 
I love him...and I will only see him once again 
I love hoodies, but they're not what i'm looking for 
I love hot weekends, but beautiful hot Mondays shouldn't be allowed - especially when you're holed in an a dark recording studio 
I love House, but certainly did not appreciate the MASSIVE spoiler that was posted on my facebook news feed by the show! 
I love how #twitpic isn't letting me login. 
I love how everyone around the GTA is getting thunder and rain besides me. Always manage to miss it. 
I love how I'm not well AGAIN! 
I love how IMMEDIATELY after my eBay auction ends, eBay then goes down. 
I love how many websites there are devoted to chuck norris facts.  I would kill it if my exam was on them! 
I love how my 14 year old sister has a tv in her room and I don't 
I love how no one offered to help the snapping turtle cross the road.  Bastards 
i LOVE how she told me she couldn't take me and then suddenly at 6am shes like GUESS WHERE I AM!  the only thing i was looking forward to 
I love how Tori Spellings daughter already has a set of gay of her own. 
I love ï¿½Introduction, Theme &amp; Variationsï¿½ for the clarinet by G Rossiniï¿½ But I donï¿½t seem to find any free scores on the internet 
i LOVE ikea!!!! I sooo wish we had one nearby. I didnt get to look at everything I wanted to while there today 
I love I'm a Celebrity...I want Holly Montag to kick John Salley's ass. Too bad it didn't happen  Sanjaya's lonely again.
i LOVE indian food but it always DESTROYS my stomach 
i love it here... i feel like home really isn't home, without my husband there. back to ohio in the morning, unfortunatly 
I love it when fellow crafters add me, but it breaks my heart when they dm me spam links after I follow them back. 
I love it when my dog throws up in the car 
I love it when people use twitter properly... I'm still watching movies  and I have to go to saturday school tomorrow. Meh 
I love Jerry! &amp; why is there another man w/ bigger chest than me  http://bit.ly/VJxNV
i love joe more then shane right now cuz shanes not responding i usually am ALWAYS patient but this is ridiculous....... 
i love jurassic park. i hate tweeting from my BBerry  cant get the hang of it!!!
I love Karine Kvam. I searched her on facebook. Either she doesn't have one or she's really private. 
i love kenna and johnathan, even though he hates meee 
I LOVE L.A the people here are so different then my city 
I love LA but I miss NY 
I LOVE LADY GAGA. and i cannot be bothered doing sac prep  yuck english language
I love Lady Gaga. But her music videos are getting worse and worse. 
I love lady gaga. Susssssshiiii. @KimKardashian I was sad no keeping up with the kardashians were on last night on E! 
i love lazy days spent with my boyfriend, i'm expecting a long week ahead 
I love lebron, but cleveland is getting toe up. 
I love Leona Naess &amp; found of her on Last FM http://tinyurl.com/dz4g22 I can't find my fav song &quot;Un-named&quot; though 
i love lie-ins still tired though and need to tidy my room 
i love listening to old school fall out boy and remembering my school years, so carefree. I miss school days, I dont want to be 18!!  
I love long car rides SO much. But not so much when It's your time of the month 
I love Lost!!!! ..too bad they're ending it next year 
I love love loveeeee the sonq ecstasy by danity kane - i want that qroup to comee back 
I LoVe LuV lOvE things with wheelz-ShoPPin Carts- Rollie chairz,sKateBoardZ . . I sumtimes find myself wishing  my feet where wheelz 
I love making fresh guacamole but I hate that my fingers now smell of onions and peppers!    Oh, the price I pay!
I love manchester trams but they are rubbish sometimes 
I love Margaret, please don't gooooo  #apprentice
I love meatloaf so much (the singer not the food!) I wish he as better at singing live tho  very much enjoying bat out of hell right now
I love meeting people here.. talked to the security guard this morning and found out he has no family and only gets 4 days off a month 
I love Michael Cera &amp; Jack Black.... but Year One was not so good. 
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS. SHE IS  SO AMAZING. BUT IM JUST LIKE ALL HER OTEHR FANS. I WILL NEVER GET THAT ONE CHANCE FOR TO SAY HI TO ME 
i love money 2 reunion! hell yeah @BeckyBuckwild, frenchy, &amp; everyone else from frank's alliance. AND IT!&lt;3. i miss @saaphyri though 
I love morning weather I feel it's clean and freash,but am not gonna enjoy it cuz am going to school now   http://twitpic.com/4yqsn
I love movies... especially on rainy days. Wish I was watching movies with my boo tho... 
I love my baby and right now he is being mean to me 
I love my bed. The memory foam. The pillows and blankets. Its always here for me... In 4 hours i'll be leavin you again 
I love my BlackBerry soo much! It has every thing I need and want! Buttttt Spencer makes me want an iPhone!!! 
i love my boyfriend,i love my best friend. how could i love them both so much? 
i love my brother bein down but......I MISS MY BEEEEEDDD!!! 
I love my cats, but I sure do hate the litter box.  
I love my darling. But he don't know that I love him, because he has a girlfriend and he won't like me like a friend anymore...  
I love my daughter, but I don't really like her.   I think I am going to have to talk to my doctor about PPD.  SUCKS.
i love my family.... i dont want to leave tomorrow  one day is not long enough to spend time with my favorite people
I love my followers!  But I don't need an D Message from U. I don't like it. Sorry  But thnx for doing it anyway 
I Love My Ford Focus. Too Bad I Cant Drive It 
I love my friends and being drunk and making drunk friends and ihop and everything in my entire life. But i miss @scotgianelli  and sa ...
i love my girlfriend so much &lt;3 i will do anything for her. i just wish she would do anything for me and not for another guy...  hurts
i love my girlss on IPA3.. 2 weeks more for this togetherness 
I love my Grandma soooo much I hope She gets out of the Hospital soon. I miss her 
I love my house and I love my room and I love KC! I wish I didn't have to go back to Forest City   &lt;3 CJ
I love my house, I love my yard, but if the past month is any indication of the future of my neighborhood, moving is an option. 
I love my husband more then anything in this world and is saddened by my brother in law threats... 
I love my job but hate going to work  Haha frowny face.
I love my 'let your hair down Fridays'.  It's fun to laugh and play a bit, plus Cops is over 
i love my little sister SO so SO so SOOO much and don't want her to disappear to Tanzania for a month    http://twitpic.com/6m2s3
I love my mom and i miss her so. Life is so hard without her 
I love my mom!!!! Wish I was home for Mothers Day 
I love my mum. I can tell her anything and everything and she always supports me. She's more like a long distance friend 
I love my new computer; too bad it's not a laptop though  oh well, a cheap good computer is good enough
i love my new nail art - i made it! and how i wish i have a sister so i can try it on her too.  soooobbss
I love my new pet moth, even if i know he's going to die soon  http://tinyurl.com/nllrth
i love my new phone but hate that i didnt get my netbook today... 
i love my new place...just need internet/cable...   &quot;enny on the 13th!
i love my nose piercing but its really annoying me right now!  i would hate to take it out 
I LOVE my purple hair, but it's time to go back to normal for the summer . . . 
i love my screen saver 
I love my song Picture Perrfect (based on a girl who got everythin she wanted and was hell pretty!) and she was mean to me 
I love NETFLIX ... except when a movie you NEED to come in gets skipped  
i love new mexico wanted to stay longer but i cant  oh well i love u conner lane mccall
i love new relic, i wish i could afford a paid account 
I LOVE NOT BEING ABLE TO FALL BACK ASLEEP AN HOUR BEFORE MY ALARM GOES OFF.  stupid mondays.
I love old Gilmore Girls, but I've reached the point where April arrives... All downhill from here 
i love only one guy, who liven`t here in my town 
i love people who buy playboy 'for the articles'. i buy it for the wicked tits and ass. and the fact i believe the girls would love me 
I LOVE pollen - My eyes feel like I rubbed Ajax in them.  
I love rainy days but the dogs always poop in the house 
I love raspberries but not studying for french 
I love Rob Pattinson but i wouldnt throw myself at him if i saw him..I know thats the price u pay for being famous but i feel bad 4 him 
i love say yes to the dress. since age 10 i wanted to be a bridal consultant. then i realized i had to go to college and get a real job 
i love seein tha family but i want my phne to work n it doesnt get service out here  
i love seeing my friend and my cat!!!! this is the best trip ever!!! i dont watnt to go home on sunday 
i love shopping @forever21! ..but hate da crazy lineup! 
I love sims 3 but unfortunately it gave me a really big headache yesterday... 
i love sitting at a rehearsal for 4 hours doing nothing when I could be asleep. it's my favorite. 
I love sitting in random places &amp; hearing people talk about Warcraft. I WANT TO PLAY AGAIN. I miss my holy priest. 
I LOVE SKANDER KEYNES!    too bad he's kinda too old for me.but who cares!age is just a number! also he is famous so i may never meet him.
I love someone very much and wish they were here 
I love soy milk so much but it's so bad. Idk what to do. 
I love summer, but this 85 degree business is killing me. That's why I live in Buffalo! I don't really like it above 70 
I love that Gilbert's is always completely swamped for lunch now. But I am o so very hungry. 
I love that he &quot;closed&quot; with &quot;Fake Palindromes&quot;, one of my favs &amp; then did a second encore! But no &quot;Heretics&quot; or &quot;Nervous Tick Motion...&quot; 
I love that I can't sleep !! 
I love that the CMTs have a live stream, but unfortunately there's no way I can stay up late enough to watch anymore 
I love that the first thing I step barefoot on when I walk into my house is puppy poop..so disgusting..oh and the house smells like it 
I LOVE that we have a President who is funny on purpose.  Having a President who is funny because he's a jackass was embarassing as hell. 
I love the 3.0 iPhone update! I just wish I had a new iPhone (I dont even care if it was a 2g, 3g, or 3gS!) My iPhone is broken 
i LOVE the beach, i wish i could stay here 
i love the big bang theory. but i wish i was going dancing  
I love the Chinatown Night Market! I wanted to get bbq squid tentacle but nobody would share with me.  http://twitpic.com/7vcak
i love the cure  i'm such a nerrrrddd......we're leaving in about 10
i love the dreambears!.. i want a gay best friend! 
I love the heat,I really do.I just wish I could enjoy it instead of feeling too hot when i need to revise.  at least it's not gloomy.
I love the love the love loves me,but that guy i love don't loves me 
I love the nightlife. I've got to boogie 
i love the oc! what am i gonna do when im done with the series? 
I love the rain because that's the perfect weather to sleep in! But i can't because, i have tons of stuff to do. 
I love the Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants. I wish I had close friends from when I was a little girl. 
I love the storms when they blow through.  The garden is greener and the air is sweeter.  reality is that I need to write a board report. 
I love the sun so why does it hate me? 
I love the sun!! I hate school that keeps me out of the sun 
I love the sun, but today I got burned really bad 
i love the sunshine....dont think it likes me too much! 
I love the Venture Bros so much.  
i love this . exams are over wooooo.. well for a week atleast 
I love this campground. Shame the Gov wants to close it &amp; most other CA State Parks due to the budget mess in Sacto. Lame lame lame! 
I love this class but I want my life back.  
I LOVE THIS SONG! http://bit.ly/acFSo  haha, it didn't get many votes though  haha
I love this weather! Too bad I'm working. 
I LOVE THIS: http://radar.oreilly.com/upload/2009/05/html5.png Sadly Internet Explorer is MIA so it is worthless!    ban IE/M$
I love thunder.. And lightning. But I def hate the rain. Please stop. 
I love thunderstorms but I'm sick 
I LOVE TILA TEQUILA SO MUCH  www.youtube.com/user/missbaawsy
I love to cook but don't like cooking for myself. 
i love to see u happy, that makes me the most happiest girl.. but ... forgive me.. i can't  i'll try...but i dont promisse nothing  &lt;3
I love to take a photograph / So mama don't take my Kodachrome away.  RIP my dear film.  http://bit.ly/rJoWN
I love to write but I sure hate editing and proofing, lol.    It makes me sleepy!!!!!
I love to write supernatural fafictions and to roleplay. Supernatural is the bomb. Only 4 more eps of season 2 in nz 
i love Torres by Mayonnaise. a song that's so sad. 
I love Trader Joe's but their Spinach dip was not so good  Boo!
i love true blood. i can't get enough. it is so addicting. why are all men that play vampires so delish? i wish i was delish 
i love twilight.watched it 20 times ^^ download the FULL HD here http://tinyurl.com/Twilight-hd1080) passhttp://tinyurl.com/passwolf)
i love twitter? why my flowers increse? 
I love twittering in the car. Never thought that time flew this quick. It's already the end of graduation: 1AM 
I love Two And A Half Men..rofl(: I'm guna miss talking to Calum this weekend 
I love tyler so so so so so so so so so so much! Even though he's a jerk &amp;  wont let me twitter for him.... 
i love u besties!!! @lisbetee ill call u 2morrow...if i have time i have to unpack all day and then im going bowling with taylor sorry 
i love u i need to sleep i'm sick today .. 
I Love U My Tweeties but I must go 4 now have work 2 do in Yard,gonna have lots o' ppl congragatin in both Yards I feel...Such a SAD time 
I love using mobile twitter, too bad i cant afford it 
I love vietnamese music when I'm feeling down. Everything hurts right now 
I love visiting my sister. I don't want to come home and go to work tomorrow 
I love waking up at 9 on mondays but hate falling back asleep till 1.  making some Top Ramen!!!
I love waking up late ! Now i get to look forward to cleaning my room 
I love waking up to avenueq playiiin'&lt;3 Today I want to make myself finish all my makeup work from like 3 weeks ago. Immalazybum 
I love waking up to Folgers. Too bad my voice was deeper than his. 
I love waking up with an uber stomach ache! 
i love watching my little way2save account grow, as long as i remember that everytime $1 goes in it means $$$ go out of my debit acct 
i love watching the @jonasbrothers on youtube. lol. i wish i can go to new york or whatever country they'll have a concert this year! 
I love watching thunderstorms... too bad it just finished 
i love 'we are the young', mcfly should play it on concerts 
I love when i have to burp but everytime i try i almost throw up 
I love when my internet randomly stops working  #fb
I LOVE when the train is late! Nothing like getting the morning off a step behind! 
I LOVE work... but I miss talking to my brother during the day 
I love working on school projects all day when it's absolulety gorgeous out !! Nawt. Ughhh. I wanna go outsideee 
i love working... but i'm exhausted  can i just say &quot;i quit&quot; 
i love you #eclispe... i have to say sorry... i'm using #netbeans, it offers better functions  BUT!! your #cvs is the best ^^
I love you @virginamerica, but I cannot do a middle seat red eye, and $300 extra for exit row is just too much 
I love you and twitter won't let me talk to you 
''i love you but i hate the things you do.'' fuck. 
I love you but i'll have to sell you when i get an upgrade 
I love you loaded potato soup! Why do you hate me? 
i love you so much ... please don't do it !  when you go, I go too...
i love you so, marchio 
i love you too idem 
I love you, Craig Owens, but just because something isn't cool to you doesn't mean it's not cool period. lol, I'm such a hypocrite. 
i love you, friend. i wish you were closer so i could be here for you. 
I love you, Will 
I love you.  Unfortunately I think our secret romance is going to become public knowledge. 
I love you... 
i love youu all... 
I love Zach Seth &amp; Jake. Hey, why am I the only one whose name is not 4 letters 
I loved being off 5 days in a row. I don't wanna go back to work tomorrow. 
I loved Conan and Will Ferrell! Heading to Boston on Thursday for the last BC trustee meeting of 2008-2009. 
I loved living smiling. but not always with you. 
I loved Mari Triniï¿½s songs when I was a child... 
I loved my chinchilla so much, i miss him. should have known better 
i loved the book The Time Traveler's Wife.  eric bana is just not my type, though.    not looking forward to the movie like i was before.
i loved the store. i saw a MCR shirt there but i didn't have enough $ on me to buy it  next time for sure...
I loved the visit from friends, but now it's after 5a and I can't sleep.. I wish at least one stayed 
I loved tweetdeck when I first downloaded it, now it comes and goes too often...  
I loved UP. 3D goggles gave me a wicked headache though 
i loved watching mark race - feeling gutted i couldn't  but YAY! Mark 3rd in his agegrp at the nationals and 1 min faster than 2wks ago!
i loveee this sunny spell  but tomorrow is meant to be the last day of it! GUTTED!  i loveee my new fone heeheee.
i loveeee my friends... i'm going to misss them alot 
I loveeee working in a basement with no service on my phone 
i loves a warm hoodie.  i forgot about how warm this cn 1 was.  way better than my cu 1... its a bit worn 
I lovvve rain but I'm actually getting kind of sick of this 
I lovw Seattle, but it just feels too far away from Shayna 
i Luhv the new song &quot;paranoid&quot; by the JoBros but i dont have any iTunes to buy it 
I luv marking 7th graders English Journals. They are so cute, but they write so big in really light colour pens 
I luv my ROXY dress, tOo bad its not hot enough to wear 
I luv the convenience of wearing a ponytail but hate the side-affects of headache &amp; the bitchiness that comes with my headaches 
i m  still very sleepy but have a full schedule tonight 
I m going to a meeting brb 
i m not gonna be able to tweet much anymore. 
I m on Islamabad Xpress way but lot of jhatkay. 
I' m reading Past, Present and Future of RM. I have to finish all I have in my hands within tomorrow 
i' m sick!! my tummy hurts and i have to study!! 
I' m so sunburt that I can't wear the @hotslings 
I m trying to move out and get an apartment. Found the perfect one and its aready been taken 
I 'm waiting LyLy on msn . . . what is she doing ? she promise me to be there 
I m watching the end of the Day of the Dead remake..so bad it's not even good! 
I made 3 huge potatoes, and only managed 1 1/2 of them  I guess I know what I'll be eating when I get hungry later.
I made a blog video for YouTube to let all my YT homies know what's goin on...but I'm horrible at making bloggish videos...sorry 
i made a boo boo on my last message  I only add them because i don't know if they are real or not
I made a cake for my daddy and I don't know how to make cakes and I put the bumps together and now its cracking and splitting! AAAHHhelp! 
I made a new picture! But stupid myspace won't let me upload it 
i made a song, but then i forgot it..... 
I made a stupid mistake at TMR forum.. i posted a topic under Cellphone category.. mali mali! SORRY 
i made a yogi bear reference and he didn't get it. 
i made brownies............but i burnt them..............poor brownies..........i wanna cry now...........no more brownies 
i made it 6 hours... feeling shitty  missing too many people, and obviously not handling it well. sleeping with willow.
i made it now the hard part is cutting it out cause it's foamboard i already cut half of it 
I made me a pircing &amp; she has a fakeone   @mileycyrus please answer me.. IS YOUR PIRCING NOT REAL :'( ? (oh maybe is for &quot;the last song&quot;)
i made nur cry twice today! sorry!!!! but i know la its your angin weekdays. boooo. 
I made some nice magnets and even had a stroke of creativity which doesn't happen often. Was a great crafting day. Now work 
I made the mistake of drinking Coke on an empty stomach and now I feel like I'm going to shit myself or die. Or both. It hurts. 
I made this mistake on turning on auto-follow on some third party site. Now I can't remember which one. Shazzbat. 
I made you a comic but there's no free wireless in dallas airport. 
I made you a cookie...but I eated it.  
I made you a cupcake, but i eated it 
I made, it wasnlt easy but I made. I should NOT have done that 7.5 mile run yesterday  http://twitgoo.com/oocg
i make a big mistake today. i'm sorry nataya. won't happen again 
I managed to buy a Capri-Sun, which didn't last very long... It was the cheapest drink- only $.79. I wanted a water, but it costs $1.19 
I managed to shave.. But Couldnt make it to dinner. 
I managed to shut my big toe in the drying rack yesterday, and it's swelling. I fear I may have injured some very small bones 
I maxed out my credit card in Jack Wills  #fashion #expenses
I may be 29, but cut a hole in my back &amp; give me a headache &amp; all I want to do is call my mum. But I can't cos she's in Portugal 
I may be joining the looking-for-work masses soon. The company that provides 99% of our revenue just filed for bankruptcy yesterday. 
I may have had a sad story, but It's behind me. Don't feel sry for things that u were nvr involved in. I miss you, Duh. 2bad byes r 4evr 
I may have over cooked my lunch  - http://yfrog.com/7g7vkj
I may have set a Guiness record for most # of consecutive sneezes.  My body will be aching tomorrow.  
I may have to actually get out of bed and do something now 
I may have to stop watching Morning Joe- he's showing his skirt today. Disagreeing with Joe (while on his show) seems like a moral sin 
I may have to unfollow some texans if they don't stop talking about texmex and longbranch inn. 
I may have tossed out a whole bag of cool paper airplanes.  I am made of total fail if I did that.      #asstrending
i may just kill jade. she coughed on me.i cant talk cause my throat is sore and i dont even know where i left my voice but its long gone 
I may not be able to in on anymore late night interweb extetaganzas 
i may or may not go to a show alone tomorrow cause my friends are all employed... @jujuuuu i'm lonely too   calllllmeeee
I may or may not have inhaled poison ivy smoke....my throat and chest are really itchy 
I may twitter, but someone tell these birds not to?! Disco Nap much needed 
I mean 
I Mean @suppNikky Im Sick! 
i mean how couldv i have not known that....... i really hope he comes back 
I mean I can't sleep 
I mean really crying tears the sniffling of her nose and all.. I need another job this is too much ... 
I mean seriously... This can't go on, I need to draw the line somewhere.. 
I mean, I know it's a tragedy, but I forgot just how tragic 
i mean.. off to shoot at bergdorf! unfortunately not shopping 
I mean... 81 degrees out + biking 5 miles in jeans = major swap butt 
I meant 
I meant &quot;rly&quot; not &quot;fly&quot; in my other tweet 
I meant lovely text! Ajaaaa! Super sore from all the flipping 
I meant that last one to be a haiku...I'm no #deonandan. 
i meant this thursday...test is thursday.  if i dont pass i lose my job maybe 
i meant to put  lol but anyways... ellis i love that first pic! the second ones not as good though!!
i meat medical school for you 
I mees my knee-guh. 
i memalukan myself most of the time 
i ment gym time. see.... it is too early for me.  cant even spell lol
I messed up the 2nd line of my new check register 
I met a cute guy when I went out to buy dinner. But it turned out that he smoked. Lmao not impressing 
i met a hot guy and then i had to leave  he iz stll next door tho
I met Lauren Conrad today! I was so shy it was embarrassing 
I met Maura Tierney last night at Peadar Kearney's, and she was delightful! Wish I could say the same about the chattering French gals. 
I met someone really special today... briefly.  
I might actually finish my hat today. This is exciting. However, I've got like.. no money to buy yarn for my next project. 
I might actually get eaten alive tonight by bloody midgies, they're everywhere 
i might as well have chicken pox, i have so many bug bites 
i might as well start a bit of revision because i am not playing cricket today and it seem that i wont be watching any either 
I might be addicted to Chocolatey Chip Teddy Grahams 
i might be going out to dinner! lol sorry @remembermaine. timing. 
I might be going to Australia to study... 
I might cry 
i might end up on this all night. cant see how ill be able to sleep with this 
I might go live on cam or something, but i dont know if its worth it cus i might not get any viewers 
I might go sleep again, I've tweeted to much and i know that can be annoying  &lt;3
I might have a pilonidal cyst...  (don't google it. You'll vomit.)
I might have some work next week... in construction. You read it here first :-D :-/ or  lol
i might have strep throat! 
I might have to go to the dentist tomorrow...I hate the dentist 
i might have to go to the eye doctor tomoro, retina of muh left eye is swollen 
i might have to make a to-do list of fic. there are so many i want to write/finish 
I might have to stop following that particular celeb its ruining my liking of him 
I might have to work another day on this movie... yooo I mean yes but no  I forgot what sleep feels like :-/
I might miss Pussycat dolls live in Manila concert.   Gold section tickets are no longer available 
I might miss the nfhs girls track reunion  oh how I miss my sharde and destiney...
i might need 2 start watchin tha news a lil more...sum shit gon b done happened and i aint gon kno nuthin about it lol....damn its monday 
I might need to help with Dinner after all  Sigh.... something smells kinda... Shall i Say WRonG??
I might not b going to grad nite. 
I MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO GO TO JAKIL! i don't want to be ill 
I might not get my vacation! My boss was going to cover my shifts, but she is out sick till at least Saturday.  
I might sound crazy but I miss school.    And I'm not ready to be a sophmore...or tall enough!!  haha
i might take the bus to go see anarbor in springfield tomorrow. by myself. lol should i go 
I miiss My niigga/bRotHeR cHristian!! 
I miisss himmm  Monday afterskool shud be fun tho.
I mishu so much already  I cnt help it!
i misplaced my offer letter from Taylor's...  God, please help me to find it back! Or that Taylor's will print me another copy.
I misread the trending topic &quot;twugs&quot; as &quot;pugs&quot; and got all excited for a moment there. 
I miss  you arghh I'm going to bed knock out if I can sleep we shall see DAMN I SAID THAT TOO FAST UGHH PHONE MEETING WTF CAN I LIVE
I miss #29pmusic  I am enjoying what I downloaded though - saved Â£9 on Coldplay alone! Any more hot finds like that, let me know...
i miss #ShootFest  ppt k-ok sure is funny. watchin movie wit @cheehong &amp; SharonT
I miss @ replies. Now I feel like I'm creeping my tweeps if I click on their pages.  #twitterfail #fixreplies
I Miss @30SECONDSTOMARS tweets and new kyte videos 
I miss @abhorredlife so much  I wish I had enough money to be with him again
I miss @Angel42579 being able to @replies!! 
i miss @Bekkaa  where you at foool!
i miss @bella_assis and @cahmartins SO MUCH. i think i'm gonna cry 
i miss @caauution 
I miss @chrisybby ...why isnt he here? 
I miss @corkcampusradio already. 
I miss @crimescenevegas very much so 
i miss @davejmatthews tweepluv 
I miss @emilylimily so much  come hooooome
I miss @emilyosment so much  i really hope she will be online on twitter more often . i love her so much !
I miss @Esme_Cullen8 
i miss @faithymarie  come cuddle wif me babe
I miss @flymattyfly and our love child  
I miss @issalovesyou  she leftt me!
I miss @jaydems and @almost_emily already 
I miss @jeremykheide. How is it that we live less than 5 minutes apart and still can't seem to find time to see eachother? I'm sad. 
I miss @jerikevans so much  I forgot what it's like to have someone you can trust 100% around.
I miss @Jermo15 @Daveyf15 @Breck15 @JustinShameless @RickShameless @Marcopolo15 and @Davey15 already. Long drive home! 
I miss @Jessidanger it's been awhile since I've seen her. Come homeee 
I miss @jeweljk tweets  but keep following her! she'll b back...
i miss @jonasbrothers alot  i need july to come NOW!
I miss @JoshyCouture 
I miss @julianna12369 soooo much 
i miss @llfp6. you feel so m.i.a. lately. i'm even lonelier than usual without you. 
I miss @MadisonJane. I'm not even with her for her Birthday. I feel like a lousy bestfriend. 
I miss @navingr8 ...   cant wait 2 c u back tis wednesday...!!!!!!!!!!!!!~~~~~
I miss @ohemgeekatelyn and @alltimecarolyn soooo much 
I miss @ohyesitsmarc. I dislike it when he leaves for such a long time to places with time differences  Counting down days.
I miss @partlyhazey already. 
I miss @RaginaAnnBaker. Where did she go? Work, probably...  Come back soon, G!
i miss @romylovesmcfly, anke and paula  i was going with them to tokio hotel.
I miss @ryankiros and his poop stories... Ahh man i wish i had more money on my phone so i could do international texts 
I miss @sarahhabiba - that bia took the night off. Now I'm working with some bubbly ditzy chick 
i miss @sebby_peek 
I miss @smallgrlbighair like woaZorz. 
I miss @sparkle_panties and @orcaaa they never come online anymore they just use their phones 
I miss @taylorcookie and @TaylorDeas so much. I haven't seen my best friends in 13 days and I think I miss them more than they miss me 
I miss @the_twittster.  
I miss @third_engine 
I miss @worldisphat... 
I miss @wwicked12 I hope she is feeling better. I need my other half 
I miss @Y2Amber 
i miss @YaySnowDay it's been WAY too long since i last saw her 
i miss @zebr0 more!!!! 
i miss _____. haven seen him since we started school 
i miss 24 hour tesco - i would have totally gone on an icecream run about now 
i miss 2G.  3D's not my type of class :| [sorry]
i miss 3peace  i wï¿½sh i was there too.
I miss 678 so muchhh 
I miss Aaliyah sooo much... RIP 
I miss Aaron..fuck it..I am saying his name on twitter  Cant wait till tuesday 
i miss ace of cakes  i need more geoff in my life.
i miss aileen and eddie my anaheim lovers 
i Miss Akeira Sooo Much 
I miss Alex so much 
I miss all my cubic girls  Yenny, Taty Mai,ALL 
I miss all my friends 
i Miss all my friends, 
I miss all my southern california friends soooooo much lately 
i miss all the late night talks with @greenfreak 
I miss all the non-phone stuff I used my phone for, like as an egg timer. I just burned my dinner w/o it 
I MISS ALL THE PEOPLE I WOULD SEE EVERYDAY AT SCHOOL 
i miss alot of people terribly 
i miss american idol! 
I miss American Idol..  #idol
I miss Andii 
i miss Anita, i haven't seen her for a while, it sucks. 
i miss are life plan, everything used to be perfect, how did it get ruined! 
i miss aruba and mi dushis 
I miss Ashley Green's long hair 
i miss aston 
I Miss Ate Shane  She`s in batangas (
i miss atl all my friends and central station and da ritz.  shouts out to ATL
I miss baby badly. what he's doing 
I miss Baja Fresh.  ......Why?...WHY??
I miss barney's how i met your mother terribly. is it a bad thing? 
I miss beachhouseee 
I miss Beezy Bear way too much, I feel lost without him 
I miss being a little kid 
i miss being a riot 
I miss being associated with Tinkerbell. 
I miss being home.  i miss all my friends. I miss sleeping in my own bed. I miss my dog.
I miss being skinny and stylish. I'm all fat and frumpy now. My clothes are just wasting away in my closet   Goal weight, hurry up!!!!
i miss ben stiller on twitter 
I miss black Michael Jackson  .. This movie is pissin me off!
i miss boo already 
I miss Boy Meets World. They don't show it on TV anymore. 
I miss Bri. COME BACK FROM QUEENSLAND, BITCH! I have no one to sit next to in class.  and drama is no fun without you. COME BACK, BOOB!
I miss Bristow  BEST Finance prof #US screwed?GM Mess  http://bit.ly/1yza2
i miss britains got talent soo much  thank god for britains most talented this evening  !!!! x x xx xxx
i miss Brodie Atkins-Duggan ALOT  silly perth stole her again
i miss brooklyn already  but @norine97 is taking me to a place called &quot;delicious cafe,&quot; so ...
i miss busted   dougie poynter will rule the world !!    goin out into newcastle thenight it gona be crease x x
I miss Calculus already 
i miss callin to trey songz he could have been followin me on twitter 
I miss camp 
I miss camp now  gosh! why why why why did it have to end!=(
I miss candy 
I miss Carl...my new kitty that I adopted 2 days ago. I want to cuddle with him right now 
I miss Carmen and Narita so much right now  I love you ladies and I can't wait to do it up again like old times...
I MISS CAROLYNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN  ECU RUINED HER
I miss CELS.i.US. But we were seperated. By sections. 
i miss charlie 
I miss charlie because his phone isn't working. 
i miss chatting with @Farrahri, that funny girl 
I miss cheerleading 
I miss Chicago 
I miss Chicago.  Get me out of PA.
I miss chicken 
I miss choir 
i miss chuck baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssss! oh ed westwich, i miss your botish smirk 
I miss Cobra Starship,Fall Out Boy,Hey Monday,Metro Station, and All Time Low badly 
I miss college and the doublegulp drink off 
I miss college....already....  
i miss columbus 
I miss Cookie.Hope he is surrounded by family love and resting. 
i miss cristï¿½bal, renata, alysson, lucas, mohamed.. oh, i wish i could see my friends and my almost-not-boyfriend everyday 
I miss dance   *with all my love*
I miss dancin'. 
i miss dancing like mad girl  what stopping me? my swollen toe!!!
i miss danger, mr president and k2 in here 
I miss Danielle! I didn't want her to leave  rehearsals in the AM :/
i miss danny  and cookies&amp;cream  blahh
I miss danny boy.  i think i'm going to lay out.
i miss darker than Black  http://plurk.com/p/y0xkx
i miss deadliest warrior already. 
i miss deanna boyle so much 
I miss Death From Above 1979 
I miss derek. And i cant stop thinking about him. 
I miss Disneyland 
i miss dodger games  i wont b able to go to one til August!
I miss doing makeups 
I miss doing my thing. 
i miss doing nothing! JOKE! I have too much on my mind right now.   BE POSTIVIE TRIXIE!!
I miss duck hunt  Im gonna come over and you're going to let me play, k thanks. @chasepino
I miss ducks. Like, real, live, quacking ducks. There are no ducks in Baghdad 
i miss EDER!!!!  4 days til he's back. lol. counting down to the better days.
I miss Egypt and the rest of the family 
I miss emily. 
I miss everybody already 
I miss everyone 
i miss everyone I love..my family, my ship, my pro, my baby jay...  so boring at work
I miss everyone in columbus and wv.  Ily. &lt;3
I miss everyone!!!!! I am definitely feeling lonely and sad right now 
I miss everyone...i still feel like poop tho. 
i MISS everything! 
I miss facebook 
i miss Friday nights with my girlfriends.  awww.i feel sluggish today.
I miss fruit soup. Lots. And I don't even remember everything that goes it it! 
i miss fun times, the 05-06 fun times 
I miss game night 
I miss Gary...my adoptive daddy...RIP dad.  You know I miss you terribly   I cry everytime I see a picture of you...
I miss GC and coach 
I miss Germany so much right now, especially because this icky place gave me allergies   Also Germany is much prettier.
i miss going on family outings. something i stop going on more due to revision. i really miss them though 
I miss going to concerts in Caracas 
i miss going to school 
I miss good Linkin Park 
I miss gossip girl  so much. Can't wait for season 3.
I miss Gossip Girl...there's nothing to watch on Mondays anymore 
I miss Gossip girls 
I miss Graham.  #ChuckMeMondays
I miss Gravity on my phone. I've tweeted about this before but  I don't like Stew that much
i miss greek week 
i miss hamish, it feels weird not being able to see him tomorra.  i am excited about going to see a day to remember soon though. 
I miss hangin wit my bestie!! 
i miss hanging out with my boys. 
I miss having a boyfriend who talks to me 
I miss having a camera, sooo bad. 
I miss having a computer that loves me. 
i miss having a happy place 
i miss having a tiny baby that i didnt get tired from carrying.   forgot the stroller and decided to go shopping. she's sleep.
I miss having long phone chats on quiet nights like tonight, but I've got no one to call  feeling sorry for myself...lol
I miss having my cell phone glued to my hip  lol
I MISS HAVING PINK HAIR MORE THAN YOU COULD EVER IMAGINE 
I miss having someone around who appreciates my sense of humor.    Well, ok, how about tolerates?
I miss having someone to talk to every night 
I miss having to make this drive home. so much 
I miss hearing the Justice remix of &quot;Electric Feel&quot; when people text me. 
I miss helen, amanda, 429 , plaza bonita, downtown ah the list goes on  wah
I miss her  i'm not going to give up...
I miss her quite terribly 
I miss her so so much.  she should be here.
I miss her soooo much. i cant take it anymore. 
I miss her, so much! I need to see her 
I miss her.. So much.. 
I miss high school and friends 
I miss high school musical practice and the cast!  can't wait to go back. @dancerpenguin
I miss highschool  AHS was so fun now that I think of it. Once an Atom always an Atom.
i miss him  ALOT but im not gonna talk to him, i HOPE
I miss him  could really do with a smooch right now.....i hate being ill
I miss him  Days when everything reminds me of him.. ... They SUCK! So onto tomorrow
I miss him  Moving July 15th!!!!
i miss him  really i miss his joke and laugh 
I miss him already 
I miss him already! 
I MISS HIM GODDAMN IT! 
I miss him like retard misses the point 
I miss him so freakin much 
I MISS HIM SO MUCH YOU KNOW. 
I miss him so much, I need him back 
I miss him so much.  it makes me sad because it hasn't been that long and i still have so much more to go.
I miss him so much. I wish he missed me too was still talking to me 
i miss him soo much..hes everything i want and need...i need him to survive 
i miss him too sis.. 
I miss him very much 
I miss him, I do. 
I miss him.  finally talked again today though.
I miss him...I wish he didn't live so far 
I miss hockey. It's been a week now. 
I miss holly 
I miss home already .. 
i miss home and living in columbus 
I miss home so much 
i miss honeydew sago with coconut jelly 
i miss horse riding 
I miss HS already lol like im never gonna have to force myself to sleep so I can wake up for 1st hour nd not get dropped lol its sad 
I miss http://twitpic.com/7po1n and http://twitpic.com/7po3q so much. 
I miss in n out real bad  haha how teriible.
i miss inah ricafooooort 
I miss Instaflix!  #battleground
I miss Ireland, home 
i miss it  wish i could go back. with my mum and dad of course!
I miss It Takes A Thief badly 
i miss izzy. she's at the vet. 
I miss jay leno        Conan isn't Cutting it
I miss Jesse. He&quot;s out playing pool. (arf! arf!) damn cough!!! yeah, I sound like a dog now. funny huh? 
I miss Jimmy.  BABY, COME BACK! 
I miss johnny so much  I can't wait for him to email me back soon... 4 weeks and 3 days..........
i miss jollibee. they don have it here 
i miss joshuaa soooooo much  i havent seen him since school let out  and hes in tennessee till thursday :/ shucks
I miss Justin and Sarah 
I miss Justin	
I miss karen already.  i dont want to leave!
I miss Kevin soo much!!    *tear tear*
I miss Kirsten  Damn grounding.
I miss kitkat.  as soon as I get on a early schedule, she switches to a late one. hmph.
I miss Kj so much....  I wanna see him!! @kjsmymotivation, what r u doing today?
i miss knowing what my key binds are 
I miss Larry (my spaniel 1994-2006) Nala  (my rottweiler 1994-2006) 
I miss laughing till my stomache hurts 
I miss Lauryn Hill. 
i miss leeds 
I miss living in Manhattan so much that I'm even growing fond of Times Square.  http://short.to/6vpc
I miss Lizzie McGuire being on Disney Channel! 
I miss London  Can I go there again? I want to hear that sentence again, 'please mind the gap' ...
I miss london  I wish i lived there.
i miss london already 
I miss London so0o much!  x
I miss long beach 
i miss loulud81 
I miss loulud81  I wish she had a twitter
I miss lukeyy i haven't spoken to him since staurday 
I miss ma bff!  Miss you loadz xxx hop your fine wherever you are!
I miss Mah Smexay   Love you hun.
i miss maine 
i miss making french toast with elaine 
I miss MAMA too      ~~~ Why our family?? Why ?? @tinapannu ? @undertaker_rox ?
I miss matt today 
I miss matthew so much 
i miss mcfly  I WANT THEM BACK!!! NOW !!!!!! 
i miss mercy so effin much. 
i miss michael 
I miss michelle 
I miss Mishca soo much! I miss my dachshund! 
I miss Mondays. 
I miss monte! 
i miss moyhead 
i miss mummy 
I miss my &quot;Creampuff&quot; wish she wasn't such a little busy body 
I miss my @ashleyruth23  and @melizababy a lots 
i miss my @audsiephil 
I miss my @foodphilosophy 
i miss my @gracie_mandy 
i miss my @singswithmicoff 
i miss my @xTR_ASHx .. she'd never bring me to some lame as shit club 
I miss my @youtube videos 
i miss my 2 besties!!!  lol
i miss my 808 fam 
i miss my adviser last school year...  its her birthday!! hapi birthday mrs cruz!! and charise!!!
i miss my amigo 
i miss my animals 
I miss my Atlanta party life 
i miss my â™¥ @BG_226  that's my bbys mama/ ride or die/ partner/ bitch foreal foreals!
I miss my aunt and uncle... I never get to see them  i'll tell dad to say hey to jon today.
I miss my babe 
I miss my babies 
I miss my babies already 
I miss my bable bear 
I miss my baby and want to go get her  Why do I have to play the middle man in child transportation situations? Bleh.
I miss my baby girl 
I miss my baby he'll be gone till tomorrow night 
I miss my baby tonight, I just so wanna jump in a cab and go see him 
i miss my baby vuey 
I miss my baby!!! 
I miss my baby, it sucks i live so far away and cant take care of him. He's sick without me 
I miss my baby.   Distance is harder than anyone could possibly imagine.  Can't wait to marry my best friend from high school.
I miss my baby. I was right... Sundays suck. Today is a shitty day 
i miss my babyface 
I miss my babyyy 
i miss my bae! 2 bad he's clubbin. 
I miss my basement.  
i miss my bastard sister (&amp; company) 
I miss my bastard sister too  @hermajestyboo
I miss my bbbyy  Just sayinn.
I miss my beautiful daddy so much. Happy Fathers Day 
i miss my bed 
I miss my bed  *still working on my paper*
I miss my bed and my pillows... 
I miss my best friend @lolobuffalo so terribly much 
i miss my best friend brittany 
I miss my best friend Molly. CO stole her for 3 months 
I miss my best friend so much  3 weeks &lt;3
I miss my best friend.  Boooo.... I feel so empty inside,
i miss my best friend..... can't reach her... she's too busy with her summer job! 
I miss my best. I wanna get spun around and slapped on the thigh. 
i miss my bestest friend  the best friend i ever had. and i really want to babysit one of her bunnies when she leaves..
I miss my bestfriend  and an uber excited
i miss my bestfriend @imanawesomekid 
i miss my bestfriends sooo much i havent seen one of them since november  &amp; another since like 3 weeks ago and another since feburary 
i miss my bestie! 
i miss my besties right now come back from camp/milan 
i miss my best-singaporean-friend, @chichamonsuta 
I miss my bf 
I miss my bf soooo much and didnt want to come home this week  bring on tommorow!
I MISS MY Bff 
i miss my bff girls  damn..
i miss my BFF keith ambers, i wish i can visit him soon in australia, im not contented with these im's and phone calls, come bck keith 
I miss my bff Wenny already  but I'm sure my time with my ARC will be dope she and I always have good times!
i miss my bff! 
I miss my bff...he is getting married sunday and I don't think he loves me anymore 
i miss my birds, i hope you r.i.p. coconut and sandy 
I miss my blackberry 
I miss my blonde hair   Red is so...boring.
I miss my bonding time with my family  I wanna go hooommmeee!
I miss my boo 
I miss my bookshelf 
i miss my boyf, well i hope he will get back soon frm singapore...real soon! and spend some time w/ me 
I miss my boyfriend  I love you, Joshua Daniel Hawk.
i miss my boyfriend lol 
I miss my boyfriend soo much.. 
I miss my boyfriend tremendously, every time he leaves my house  I love him so much.
i miss my boyfriend&lt;3   
I miss my boyfriend. 
I miss my boyfriend.  5-9-09 i love you michael
I miss my boys already. November is too far away and I don't even have tickets for Wembley.  Anyway, I'm in pain so I'm off to bed. Night.
I miss my brother, my girls, and umm 
I miss my brothers and my dad  and my stepdad soo much right now. Jack's visiting me next week to get me home alive from the evil dentist!
I miss my brothers and sister!!!!  they were amazin!!!
I miss my brown brother. 
i miss my buddies!!  only 3 more days guys! 3 more!!
i miss my buddy 
i miss my buddy already 
i miss my bunny  and i HATE the hurricanes D:
I miss my bunny.   She died on Tuesday.
I miss my bunny...  I had to give her to Janette, as I'm leaving to holland in 3 days ... Booo! http://twitgoo.com/ooll
I miss my bunny...  I had to give her to Janette, as I'm leaving to holland in 3 days ... Booo! http://twitgoo.com/oolt
I miss my camera 
I miss my camera  I hope it can be fixed...
I miss my canby friends 
i miss my cats 
i miss my cellphone! 
i miss my chancy 
I miss my childhood 
I miss my childhood. I miss my 'Good morning' towel. 
I miss my cindy 
I miss my coach 
I miss my computer! 
I MISS MY CONVERSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss my cousins. 
I miss my coworkers 
i miss my crackberry 
I miss my cuddles 
I miss my cuz... 
I miss my cuzin  i want to go home!!! xoxox
I miss my cuzzo 
I miss my daddy  happy fathers day all.. appreciate your fathers, life is tooooo short.
i miss my daddy !!!! i love u loads! will meet u in heaven one day hopefully 
I miss my daddy .. &amp; I really hope my grandma gets better 
I miss my dancing days, I wish I had that back again  I can't wait til it starts back up!!!
I miss my darling   Two weeks are a lot!
I miss my darwin pants 
I miss my date 
I miss my daughter already 
I miss my david 
I miss my dog SOOO much!! 
I miss my dog....a west highland white terrier named Darwin....such a great animal and I miss him 
I miss my drums 
I miss my elfin love god. He's off today 
I miss my emily..... 
i miss my epically long blonde sophomore hair 
i miss my ex. 
I miss my family in Brazil 
I miss my fiance, can't wait for him to come home from work 
I miss my fiju water 
I miss my Flash Gordon! For those of you who don't know, that's my car! 
I miss my former Internet communities. 
I miss my free XM radio subscription. I wonder what's going on with Cosmo radio and @CocksWithP  
i miss my friend MJ... 
i miss my friend nathaniel... we were really close then he made a stupid mistake and ive never seen him since... 
I miss my friends     they are the best people ever
I miss my friends *wipes tear* Especially James 
i miss my friends and family 
I miss my friends and I want to go home to see Sam Tay Ash and Tracy 
I miss my friends but I still don't know when to see them!! Aarrgghh. Busy. Busy. 
I MISS MY FRIENDS FROM ITHACA  @tgtashiie @trlmeah12 @callmebianca
i miss my friends here. why are they all spread out across the globe 
I miss my friends in Leicester... again 
I miss my friends on the East coast, but I really don't wanna leave California 
I miss my friends so much.  I â™¥ you guys. you mean everything to me. â™¥ â™¥ â™¥
i miss my friends up front, im in report jail 
I miss my friends! I haven't hung out with any of them forreal in like 2 months 
i miss my friends!! 
I miss my friends, I just love spending some time with them 
i miss my friends.... how can i ask if i'm so out of touch.. sad sad 
I miss my friends.Wish they had taken summer school with me 
I miss my fur hat 
I Miss my future husband. Y does he have 2 leave 4 d phillipines 
I miss my fuzzy warm pants 
I miss my garden  Gonna tidy my room again, and possibly start packing
I miss my George Lopez. 
i miss my girl so bad 
I miss my girl. Can't wait for wednesday 
I miss my girlfriend...what happened to her? I'll wait til she comes back 
i miss my godson 
i miss my good friend. been a few days already. 
I miss my grandma..  .. Might go to the cemetery this week..
I miss my grandmother   love you
i miss my grandpa  why is this one so much harder then the others?? was it because we knew the others were sick?? why him?? why our family
I miss my guitar 
I miss my guitar  he needs to meet jenny...
I miss my horse in MT... Tex. He was my baby, and I love him. I wish he didn't have to be put down  He was such a good horse. (Cont.)
i miss my hotdog pillow.  and my dog. 
i miss my HS girlfriends. i wanna be with them. 
I miss my hubby  I am such a wimp.
i miss my hubby @DellDOUGS87 hope he's okay n made it home safe.. muah 
I miss my hubby! 
I miss my hubby, Mitch MacDonald. 
I miss my hubby. 
I miss my husband  I wish he didn't have to work.
I miss my husband. A lot.  
I miss my in rainbows cd 
I miss my internet at church 
I miss my internship.  (@wthrcom)
I miss my iPhone!!! I update twitter an average of 1 a week now  July needs to get here quick! 3rd Gen....I'm excited
i miss my ipod! 
i miss my ipod!  i have my pics on there and stuff
i miss my jovan baby 
I miss my JSI 
i miss my kids. i adore all their parents bcs dey are reli nice to me n appreciate all dat ive done 4 their kids 
i miss my kitty cats 
i miss my kitty; i dont even want to go home because i wont have my cuddle buddy anymore  no more sneaking her food. sigh im sad 
I miss my ladies 
I miss my lappy and my daddy 
I miss my laptop 
I miss my laptop charger. 
i miss my laptop workingg  
I miss my last tentative of enter in the Royal Palace... 4 Days to leave Madrid 
i miss my last year's hairstyle.  aaa, i don't like my current hairstyle. looks like.. a retard. (
I miss my Leonardo 
I miss my lil buddy. 
I miss my lil sister 
i miss my little bro  it feels weird not having them here... but i think im completely falling for CJ 
I miss my little brother  I cant wait to see him this weekend &lt;3
I miss my little chubby chops pic  will revive it later!
i miss my little del rosario and quinny  ... and my girlfriend, and my coolaid !
I miss my little M! 
I miss my little one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He needs to hurry up and come back home and play with his mommy!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I miss my little Pookey Bear... 
i miss my little ranger 
i miss my littles. 
I miss my lola bear  she usually travels with me but this time I'm bringing the banana cat home from FL and u can't have 2.
i miss my long hair. i want extensions. 
i miss my longer bangs. 
i miss my longer hair. 
I miss my love a lot. 
I miss my love sooooo much   
I miss my love...even when we're here together we're apart. 
i miss my lovebug!!  chillin' on gi's laptop. drank lots of sangria and i'm pretty tipsss. going to dance in five, need to catch my breath
I miss my Loverface. 
I miss my MacBook. 
I miss my mamas bread 
I miss my man alreadyy 
i miss my man and my fuzzy girl 
I miss my meanie 
I miss my Melbourne friends   http://twitpic.com/6tr8m
I miss my Melody. Won't see her for a week..... 
i miss my mices  the both die last summer.
I miss my mom  come back soon mom!!! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY love u so much!!!
I miss my mom already!  a really great wknd indeed, thanks mom!!
I miss my mom and sisters already. 
I miss my mommy  But I can't go home.I don't like Greenville. Wish she'd just move to Cola (but she got 2 leave her other 2 kids at home)
I miss my mommy &amp;&amp; sister  http://mypict.me/25FT
I miss my mommy so much. 
i miss my mommy! 
i miss my mommy!!  
I miss my mommy. Daddy's armpit isn't a very good surrogate nipple. 
I miss my moms cooking... 
I miss my Mr.C a lot 
I miss my mummy, she's gone away for 4 days. 
I miss my myspace friends!!!!! 
I miss my necklace. 
I miss my necklace... 
I miss my neighbor.. but really I just miss his free internet 
I miss my New Kids, Jabba's, and Jesse. 
I miss my nice warm bed  x
I miss my Nipissing pitas  Good thing we've got a Euphoria in Barrie, 'cause I would never survive summer without my pitas AND smoothies!!
I miss my office neighbor 
i miss my old friends ... but don't know why 
i miss my old friends and self. 
i miss my old school 
i miss my old school.......soooooooooo much. 
I miss my old twitter  fking spam had to kill it
I miss my osita too 
I miss my other half. I can't sleep 
I miss my owner. 
I miss my pajarito 
I miss my Pansy. 
I miss my peanut gallery 
i miss my people  &lt;3 lovessssss, bored
i miss my people back in orlando 
I Miss my Pepper  Come home, baby!
I miss my phone  Fck updating from a computer.
I miss my phone  Why are everyone's phones breaking all of a sudden? Maybe the phone companies do this on purpose.......
I miss my phone sooo bad!! Need a job STAT!! Hmm... I hate babysitting 
I miss my piano right now  ;)
i miss my portal team..  http://plurk.com/p/rnsxi
i miss my psp 
i miss my pumpkin man.. i don't wanna think about how bastard my ex is 
I miss my puppies already   5 more hours of driving.
i miss my puppy 
I miss my puppy   [J.Marie]
I miss my puppy  http://mypict.me/2VpB
i miss my puppy  i hate being away from him.
I miss my puppy  I wish I could take her everywhere with me.
i miss my puppy milou   hes so cute
i miss my puppy. 
I miss my red hair 
I miss my roomie!  ...Russia's so far away http://twitgoo.com/nzht
i miss my roommate. i'd never be bored if she were around. 
I miss my seat-partner 
I miss my sewing machine 
i miss my shekinah friends. 
i miss my silat members! 
I miss my sims game 
I miss my sims game/ @hiitsjordan texting me. I'm bored. 
i miss my sis @meeny7  sameen come see me asap please ... side note im listening to sammie circa 1999 and im not even embarassed
I miss my sis' Amy   I'll see her soon in LA !!!
I miss my sissy  shess going thru it waahh  i hope she okay
I miss my sister  why can't everyone I love just be in the same place?
i miss my sister and my baby nephew... they move out again..... 
i miss my sister. 
I miss my Sister.  why'd she have to move to stinkin Alaska?
I miss my sister...Saturday cant get here soon enough. 
I miss my sisters  !!
i miss my sisters &amp; wish i can be with them this weekend  have some butta 4 me!
i miss my slovenian ballet dancers  BALI HOUSE &amp; TIGERRRRR !
I miss my snuggle bear soooo badly.   
I Miss My Snuggles 
i miss my son  going to have a good day no matter what.
I miss my spongebob... 
i miss my spoon. 
I miss my stepdad. 
i miss my step-family  just 10 more days.
i miss my stereo 
I miss my street team. 
I miss my sunshine  I think the cold is going around.
I miss my tattoo artist  
I miss my tennis mix channel and getting to browse thru all courts. Don't even know if Star Sports will air the Reynolds/Simon match 
i miss my then reliable phone.  i seriously need the best repairman in the planet.
I miss my Toodloo bear! 
i miss my triplet...  shawty, where you at?...
I miss my tub from my house *sigh* it had a sloped back and everything I miss the fact that it was long,I HATE apt. tubs not nice at all 
i miss my tweet angel cj... 
I miss my unforgettable dearies of 7B! 
I miss my unlimited online life 
I miss my UNO cards 
I miss My Waldorf Randm Girl 
I Miss My White Boy 
I miss my widdle boyyyy 
I miss my wifey 
I miss my work dog  but she deserves a good home
i miss my xbox. i hate you red ring of death 
i miss my yiayia and papou 
@jml6 working tmw    get off at 9:30.  poo
@jmliss Link didn't work 
@jmlumpkin she looks angry in that photo, oh and the link to the video is dead 
@jmlw it's not properly sunny  and i have to do french  stop this cheeriness immediately
@jmmunoz the french open is ruining my normal sunday morning routine 
@jmock I have so much sympathy for you right now. 
@Jmoney718 but I'm in love with it my feelings r hurt 
@jmoney85 no 
@jmons nope, looks like it'll be 6pm then 
@Jmontano1 how sad 
@jmonterrey A fast internet, cause my internet is slow. It takes 3 hours to download 
@jmorgan0909 and I'm not getting another one ... There's only 1 alfie 
@jmraz concert kid lost spot 
@jms_ 830am... Very lame indeed 
@jmsandey haha.. im the only one awake  and have been since like 7:50
@JmsDmnd Xbox Live has been down all day for me  Did bust out a nice little 25-7 on Banzai on monday
@jmundoque I tried that last nite, he still went like right aftwds  ... U think he must've ate sumthin?
I miss my zouk dance lessons  &amp; miss my crazy but great dance teacher : http://ncane.com/ct6 Good thing i'm going to a party next week!
I miss MZB and her signed rejection letters with tips. Even when I was a stupid kid sending my stupid kid stories. 
I miss Nashville already.  November seems too far away to wait to get to go back...
I miss Nate Mclouth  
i miss new house episodes 
i miss new york 
I miss New York City 
I miss New York. And Texas. 
I miss Nick, a lot.  And it's kinda ruining my summer.
i miss nike where is she? 
i miss nikki nu nu already  shes always there when needed thank u xxx
i miss nlt     [sup senior breakfast ?!]
I miss not having someone to spoon with hahaha im a bitch i need someone  but yeah KENDRA on E! At 10 loves it
I miss Nutrilicious Green Tea, 15 pesos only 
I miss oscar season, them screeners leak crazy during that time 
I miss Oswego a lot more than I thought I would.. I hope this summer goes by fast 
i miss our dinner dating 
i miss our shirt. 
I miss Panera Bread's Mac n' Cheese 
I miss Paris   
I miss Paris  damn why didn't I sort it out for my Birthday?? Poo
I miss park springs and the people there already.  twas an amazing week!
i miss peanutbutter, but cant fathom how id feel if he poorly responded/dev an allergy 
I miss pennsylvania weather 
I miss people. 
I miss peoples. Feeling lonely 
I miss photography 
i miss popchips  I need to go to H&amp;H soon
I miss Pypso  she shoulda taken me on her trip to the cook islands &amp; new zealand...
I miss qayum so very much. 
i miss queenz finest 
I miss Radio one from the UK. I can't listen to it anymore 
i miss rainy nights 
I miss Ray 
i miss reading archie's tweets.i miss watching movies.i miss tv.i miss waking up and sleeping late.hating school right now.OH MAN! 
I miss reading the dictionary...   How am I ever going to learn words like &quot;gentile&quot;???
i miss rich 
i miss richy. 
i miss robinlover13  she was at my house a couple of days ago =D
i miss rod  - http://tweet.sg
i miss ron. i think he does like me. but since he is so far aways right now it just wouldn't work 
I miss russy 
I miss school!  kind of a moment thing.
I miss Seamus 
i miss seany 
I miss seeing live Rays games 
I miss seeing my friends every day but i guess it's time for me to see new people  fun
I miss seeing the sunrise in tempe  too cloudy these days
i miss seeing your smile 
I miss seeqpod 
i miss senior week!  I miss getting drunk by the beach and meeting strangers... ...next year. hopefully.
I miss shaun,all the sudden  my uber awesome clandestine/fob/petewentz no#1 fan. -sighs
I miss shelby more than ever. 
I miss silver channis already 
I miss singing Our Song with the Galatians class. 
i miss singing with my VG mates! 
i miss skool so much!thts a first lol im going to miss elementry skool so much! here i come middle skool 
i miss sleeping with @lienaun 
i miss so many things in dallas tx.    
I miss SO much my best friend. Why isn't she talking to me for about a week now ? What's the problem.  !!!
i miss some old shows. 
I miss somebody 
I miss someone so much 
i miss someone very badly.  â™¥
I miss someone who never  texts me anymore 
I miss someone... A lot right now 
I miss sooooo much Heath Ledger  I'm a bit cried
i miss soul calibur on sega dreamcast 
I miss space mountain... 
I miss spicy korean food  its been so long!
i miss spncon and the people there 
I miss spring awakeningg so much 
I miss squid and native 
I miss Sr. Bible Camp.  I want to go back in June. Someone want to float me a hundred bucks for a week of fun? thought not. durn.
I miss Steven, I miss NC.  I wanna go home.
I miss Studying Math  Having just a little &quot;Formal&quot;-ity for the time being..
I miss talkin to my tweet buddies 
I miss talking to Matthew  he hasn't been online in 3 weeks...wish he hadn't moved
i miss talking to my baby. . 
I miss talking to someone...where'd they go?  Yay summer school...I even get to wake up super early......fml
I miss talking with @PhatCrayonz tonight  ~~&gt;&gt; log in soon!
I miss talking with George and Izzie - well really all of you 
I miss Terry already... sigh 
I miss Texas. I should've stayed longer... 
I miss texass so bad!!  anyways, photoshoot with Clyde McKenzie and then Rev tonight with Joey and his sister lol
i miss ThÃ©o 
I miss that family so muchhhhh. I miss my 23 year old buddyyy  but oh well. I still k.i.t. with his cousin! 
I miss that moment 
I miss that shampoo from the hotel that smelled like ginger ale 
i miss that thing called sleep  where ever did it go 
I MISS THAYNA 
I miss the  yellow 
I miss the 90s and 80s  I may have only been born in 95, but i still love the style/music from the 80s and the shows/music from the 90s
I miss the adventure whit @corykennedy 
I miss the Air Canada Centre and Andy Frost... 
I miss the bad tan lines and dirt in my cleats 
i miss the beach 
I miss the beach already 
I miss the bf already ..   
I miss the chocolate covered strawberrys that never were  grrrrrrrr
I miss the city and Toronto 
I miss the class of 2009 
I miss the cold rainy days 
I miss the computer 
I miss the computer  im going to my bros house *CYrUs&amp;JiRouX*
I miss the concert Tuesday already. I'd really like a time machine to go see it again... It was so fun... 
I miss the days when I looked forward to him getting home. 
I miss the drum circle  but at least there's a shower here
i miss the girls aloud concert  xoxo
I miss The Glass House  but thankfully pretty much every moment of it has been uploaded onto youtube.
i miss the good weather 
I miss the gym!! can't afford it anymore 
I miss the heat!  
I miss The Hills! 
I miss the hockey season, I hate having no sports to watch 
I miss the homestyle chunky applesauce... It was all nicely diced and cinnamon covered. R.I.P. My delectable treat 
i miss the last days of school 
I miss the Lime Spider 
I miss the Moderator on the fry forum, non of them seem to come  around anymore 
i miss the mountain  PrinceCharming
I miss the noise and the smell of Puerto Rico!!!  
I miss the ocean  I wish I was around it all the time but funny thing is..when I was I rarely went to it..wtf is that?!
I miss the old days with Hunter. . 
I miss the old days. I wish things were back to normal, before all this mess happened.  Sorry, TK.
i miss the old Iron Chef!! 
I miss the old Yankees Stadium. Seriously...  Only coz I've been there... LOLOL. I miss Hollywood... Wanna go back... O_O
i miss the one who would do anything to spend 5 min with me... the one who used to say just tell me when and where 
I Miss The Performing Arts Center So Much   Its Like Theres A Place Inside Of Me Lost. ://// I Need To Be On Stage
I miss the Philippines. I want to go home  http://i42.tinypic.com/nqcnjr.jpg
I miss the Philippines. I want to go home.  http://i42.tinypic.com/nqcnjr.jpg
I miss the playoffs\finals  #NBA
I miss the Plurk app for iPhone so much.   Apple please approve it soon! (goodluck) http://plurk.com/p/132kag
I miss the podcast last night    I was at work..and I miss CC..I have to set my cell for CC tweets!!!!
I miss the pop group Blue! 
I miss the screen savers   http://tinyurl.com/mweyl2
i miss the seniors already 
I miss the shit out off Travis   Anyone wanna give me money to go to California?
I miss the show 
I miss the Shrek Oreooos! 
i miss the sound of your oxygen  i miss walking into the room and you being there. &amp; i miss my &quot;hi hails&quot;  ily&lt;3
I miss the spice girls  SPICE UP YOUR LIFE! I might watch their movie for old times sake.. 90's were the best thanks!
I miss the splashy aura. 
I miss the stage... 
i miss the Take Action tour 
@jmunsell jenny! i hope the little guy gets to feeling better! poor mama. 
@jmurnan1@digidivaish #Weeds Season 5 starts June 8th at 10pm/EST. I realize now that is the day before our cable is installed 
@jmyardie thanks bud. what i WOULD have said if i COULD have commented was ... where am i ?  this is so cool it says the word count at the
@jnaeraeshele i have  didnt work
@jnaeraeshele Ive already been places because of it but hasnt worked so far 
@jnassi Variants of WILDBIL are.  Didn't try NULLDEV.
@Jnavolio87 oh not you?  Lol
@jneworleans i wish i had a lil dip to chill with 
@JNez I don't think that's what Malcolm had in mind when he talked about kittens in the oven 
@Jnicks is it packed? It rained here today  ughhh... but the casino is poppin ; )
@jnicks me too  where u wanna meet?
@jnicole80  going away party   I just thought you were moving from  one house to another! You're like really moving, LOL!
@JNicoleF Jennifer.......i will probably have to walk  but my dad said not to talk to him right now.
@jnimmo it won't let me do anything without first connecting my phone 
@jnoelbell I know.  Depressing.  Summer passing by quickly.  Endless winter soon.  
@jnorra @crittyjoy @HeyACupcake I was just reading about this on another blog! Sounds great. I need some accountability right now. 
@jnovianty last day in nyc tmr. i vvvv sad. 
@jnsns working on a social media strategy for  book publishing. Then headed back to NYC for a funeral for my grandmother 
@jntran i knowwww, hella treating me like a baby n shit 
@JnVn NOOOO! my tank. i was kinda hoping that no one would buy it 
@jnyemb sorry, my fault, I wanted it to cool down so I could sleep better last night 
@Jnyflower damn, serious? i've been on my reception girls for 2 months about that package...  emailed the itssokrucial.tv address
@jnyg  not sure we'll connect this time.
@jnylynn. Oops, never mind . . . I got my accronyms mixed up. It turns out we are watching TMC. 
@jo_anie Oye!!! Me too!!!  I'm also pumping... 
@Jo_H83 aww thanks...... oh right your not talking about me  bastard 
@jo_jo_ba maybe we should get Kate and Jon...WHo Cares? T shirts? I have 8 kids..No one has offered me a reality show and a tummy tuck. 
@jo_santos September? That's way too long 
@Jo_Saunders09 I know...its like every day and everyday next week I will be revising ...I'm just dreading nxt week coz I got 6 exams 
@Jo_Saunders09 ooo I have to finish history ...and I need to finish maths...I'm doing that atm and I need to do chem french n eng 
@jo_whit .....although toiletries/medcines in the same bag &amp; we had to do without (needed) painkillers etc ! 
@jo_whit Boooo! Although I'm at work too. 
@joachimw yes it's very sad re Robin 
@Joalby Iran doesn't want my help either, it didn't turn my picture green, and it made my picture disappear 
@Joalby OMG I want some, FED EX me a bowl lol I wish  yes its only the best when its served on a sunday haha.
@joamna so far theres only 20 min.  its a comic by the hellboy. Ah. Im trying to remember by book. I lost some somewhere.
@JoanaRijo I forgot my version forgot of Sol Goode is translated into russian. sorry hun 
@JoanHorsforth i often use ajax life and sometimes it works, sometimes...not 
@joanie_s_c Cupcake updated itself on to the phone last night so the touchscreen works a bit better.  Still not loving the phone 
@joaniemaloney Oh, but ichiban doesnt deliver pocky in the summer. Wtf 
@JoannaAngel budddddy that sucks about your car  hope you find it soon. hit me up :] ps - red dragonnnnns!
@JoannaAngel I do  But Im on a strict diet. . . ugh I feel like if i cheat for one day Ill throw everything up.
@joannadelilah I need to lose a lot too   I started gaining when I went back on birth control 3 yrs ago.
@joannademakis Hey there!!!  what a game!  but i was glad to be there.
@joannadolgoffmd yah the lack of ipd files would mean no backups 
@joannageary Sorry to hear about that - hope you get treated soon. 
@JoannaHang Cause you cheated!! 
@JoannaHang I was just having a bad night okay!?  GO SLEEP
@JoannaHang Seriously! So sad, so sad 
@joannahayes1223 Ya... I knowwww! 
@joannaiz87 I wish I still got long weeknds 
@joannalovesyou I haven't seen it yet, but I loved that book so much.  Maybe I shouldn't watch it.  
@joannalovesyou1 fever, no voice, wanting to throw up  dood, now alex is trying to climb out of the cage &amp; she keeps biting me!
@joannammurphy What the hell *were* they serving then? 
@joannaoh sad? awwwh lol...now im scared to see it!! I miss you i wish you were going to dfw in a couple of weeks too 
@joannarobles I'm not even suuure !!  Is @aimerrs going for sure?
@joannaxsun i feel you on this one. what do we look fwd to now? 
@joannayoung Morning Joanna. My morning looks like it's going to be a hot day today. Didn't see much of the weekend though 
@JoannaZuckla you have swine flu now 
@Joanne_Luvli keep me posted please.. 
@joanne_xo awwwwww. that sucks. *hug* 
@joanne_xo haha yeah those are sooo cool! but theres never any movies i like. 
@Joanne84 why do the best festivals always happen somewhere else in Europe? Should be here dammit! That one seems good too! 
@joanneadib what felt like forever 
@JoanneDuran I'm sure ;) I used to live in Wales so had my fair share of rain. Now I live in Manchester and think I get even more 
@JoanneDuran me iz good but sadly me iz not drunkz 
@JoanneIsBoB yeah i have a virus and astma so i am constantly coughing and sneezing  didnt fully recover from b4
@JoanneMichele Yeah.... my browser was slower than tweetdeck 
@JoanneRoberts_x I KNOW    Ah well, still be ace, just can't be doing with last min stress!
@joannetiong  its a tiny one!!
@joanneyong thank you  i'll try not to obliterate myself with stress 
@joanneyyong Hahaha I proceeded to do NOTHING ELSE. My study span has deteriorated to about 4 hours per day. Not enough! 
@joannhoho  yes, yes i did  i also cried at some other parts but i forgot which
@joaovictorr that s my life 
@joaovsantos Eli Stone is great. I wish it hadn't been canceled. 
@joaquin_honest I'll understand if you decide against 
@joaquin_honest no logical? Meh. That sucks even more.  I miss you mate!
@jobadge just be greatful you're not moving to Moodle! 
@jobeaz But I suspect it's easier to turn a conventional job that you already have into a telecommuting job than to find one ready-made 
@jobeus  Thanks!!  ... not looking forward to the forecasted weather 
@jobiegirl6 Me, too.   We could hang out and watch doctor who together.  Or something.  And eat American food.  Siiiigh.
@Jobishia That was pretty awesome on both our parts, but a person on a bike behind you said hello and left before I recognized him 
@joblocom @dbldn Thanks... missed a lot. 
@JOBROLOVER718 SRRY ABOUT YESTERDAY !!! My internet went out and i couldn't use twitter T.T 
@jobrosluva I LOVE STEVIE WONDER! I WANTED JB TO PERFORM SUPERSTITION WITH JORDIN SPARKS THIS SUMMER! 
@jobrosluvers aww that sucks. lol 
@jobrosluvers I have no idea, it's been along time since we've talked! 
@Jocaltinker  I kid I kid im having fun just wish I could drink too 
@jocelyn808 yep I can't even reboot soooo that's really lame  prolly won't study abroad in the spring since I have to get a new laptop =T
@JocelynWolff  its just people who no fox though.  she knows him but like colin is bfs with the billy dude and boyfriend to tif.
@JocelynWolff i would take you, but i can't. 
@JoceMcKnight sorry about the pedi  nothing worse than wanting to treat urself for a job well done, and something ruining it!
@JocHDaBoss Lease was up. I'm moving into Greenbrook Apts Friday. I'm living alone  You should come through stranger lol
@jochemgeerdink That would be me... 
@jockstewart Nice, new clothes are always fun! I always get stuck with super long pants tho  Girls my size must usually have long legs lol
@jocope to much contention,i don't *really* count visiting my sister in Dublin as travelling.Back home now and nothing else booked 
@Joddiiee gtg.sleep  #itvfail #mugglesspace #wang #chatfail #screw:15
@Joddles Can I ask that you let me know what &quot;The next big system&quot; is, being a European, I cant even make it 
@JODell_the3rd Yes, it's very sad. 
@jodeska I'm broke as fuck  I do miss a great pho. That's ONE thing I can't get here.
@jodi_ebony heyyy baby u gone miss my show 
@JodiAlbert Aww sending you many hugs sweety!  Is it not better at all with what u did last night? I hope it'll b fine quickly.take care x
@JodiAlbert Erggh it's so bad this year! Usually tablets work but not this time  Might try those two things so thaaanks lots! xxx
@jodieharsh I really, really, really want to go but no one else I know is going  Obviously you are but not in Peasant quarters haha
@JodieJudo_ Its okay, but the teacher makes it seem worse than it is.  Aw, I'm sure than Spanish &amp; French are both better than German! x
@jodiekearns this is shit news  hopefully another station might pcik it up especially if the film still goes ahead
@jodiem i wish i was in my house tweeting or doing anything else but working 
@jodiesays Please don't bb 
@jodified Ha! It may be too late by Friday to put it on hold if all works out. ;) Too bad we live too far away for a playdate. 
@jodifur  I'm in a car driving to St. Pete for a funeral.  I have a bb but no cable tv. 
@jodifur i am on my cell phone and can't see the link 
@jodifur I didn't realize that-- I could never see what you must see.  But, really, unfit because I don't enjoy every single second 100%?)
@JodiHarris So sad  No one deserves to suffer.
@jodilei Yeah it will be awesome.. can't wait that long though 
@jodiluvsjordank none of the guys can see ur tweets to them unless u take ur profile off private 
@jodiontheweb I'm sorry to hear that.  Get better!!!!
@jodiontheweb Tell me about it!Our cat died in TN last week,then delila gerbil,then grandma cat &amp; now Oscar.  
@Jodis_Tweet Cleveland and Chicago, and then that's it 
@Jodowa I wish I could be there tonight, I was so psyched to drive up there. Then I woke up w/ a toothache from hell. 
@JodyKitcher  yup and told someone that and they made like a sad face lol but oh well... wish you were here!
@jodylaforge aw  I don't watch any sports
@jodylouize thank you Jody a sad day to many families all over the world 
@jodyNcolumbus Nooo don't leave Twitter Jody.  You will be missed 
@jodyroo I am jealous of your yum. Stupid frozen lemonade taking longer than I wanted to wait to thaw 
@jodysauce oh gawd I know... I miss you!!!  Can I come see you in August?? I'll bring lowfat brownies!!
@jodywallace  Are you at the LF event?  I haven't seen you. 
@joe_doll yeah I went shopping. Not much clothes range for me 
@joe_g1986 a price drop would be nice  I want another one for a backup/blu-ray player.
@joe_girl no my last VIP was in Jones Beach  wish i was doing more..i miss getting hugs
@Joe_Pants whats wrong??!?!  
@joe19g27 sad as it may seem, I'm so horrible with names that working here 1 night a week I don't know all the people  what's he look like
@joe2cool55 I saw that.  My Mom ended up booking the cruise already...
@joeag argh  what yr are you in? what subject you doing? i've got them next week too
@joeag its a pain. Ive got loads too. 
@joeaggie91 Silk is not too good. I prefer Lactaid...if it's lactose you're trying to stay away from...I'm intolerant 
@Joeballtshirts burritos sounds good. too bad I dont know how to make them 
@Joeballtshirts Yea, thanks! Getting some gray in there though! 
@joebest66 my lover is far away  only in dreams
@joebiam yeah i heard! Hanging no less  wth man???
@joebonsall Good Evening Joey - this pic won't work for me  Can u retweet it please? how was the show tonight? must be quiet on the bus.
@joeboyfresh heather says they have one more meeting and they'll tell us early today.  I'm really about to puke I swear 
@joebrooksmusic Wish I could be there but obviously whatever the dates I couldn't be in UK, so bad 
@JoeCharlton not a bad idea, but no i didnt 
@JoeCovenant It's times like these I wish tweets could be edited.  
@JoeCovenant: Over here they were called Marathon and now they must be imported.  So in the end, you got the last laugh.  
@joedale i know, I am v sad  Wendy Phipps from NICILT talking today about getting you over next June?
@Joedan_dilemma *sigh* you're only half a person today 
@Joedan_dilemma would have sent tshirts that's what I went out for a Mon but they did not have any  ill keep my eyes open x
@JoeDanja It makes me want to say, I love you and I won't let anyting bad happen to you, I said the same thing to Nick but he didn't care 
@JoeDemiJemi  i already no what happens i no it like i so do lol
@JoeDemiJemi im MAD at You. im on ep. 112 and im already Cryingg  .. Lol
@JoeDemiJemi nooooo i love we i cant be ending that soon  im wanna cry lol
@joedickinson hi joe, I'm not sure fella. If it's a 3g iPhone on bootloader 02.30+, your only option now is a turbo sim, which is flakey 
@joedonbaker yeah- i totally know that I should have one. But however I do not have one so it's my own fault. 
@joeduenwald I know, right! Gives me something to do when I can't sleep 
@joeego. I may have over booked that day Joey! If its the 25th 
@joeexclusive Ahh, but alas we are print on demand. Gift bag sponsorship would leave us bankrupt 
@joeey_ lolll go ferr it  did u already?
@JoeFernandez @klout your not thinking of selling are you? 
@JoeFreshgoods @VitaMorte Im mad the weather is messed up. i wanted 2 stop by LDRS 
@joegalvan LMAO. That's all you ever do 
@joegatling That IS a good one! Too bad I'm focusing on community mgmt. Was thinking about bees - wanted hivejive - but domain name gone 
@joegronlund ooops sorry, i just saw the weather in your area!  Not nice...anyway, happy tuesday and napping maybe to you. 
@JoeGurrieri i'm with you, daddy.  monday is my next day off toooo 
@JoeGWBZ ...Did you read Todd's blog from this morning??? Check it out...and you'll probably find your answer 
@joehass I'm out of Chocolate 
@Joehhzeh Aw, I hate that too, but I hardly reply. But when I do hopes are crushed in an istant!  lol. But it seriously does suck.
@joehhzeh ooh... hmm ill see what happens lol, im broke 
@joehjolteon Awwww man :\ hope your ok...  you sure you dont want me to phone you? I'm tempted to :\ xx
@JoeiBoots still at work  Don't get out til midnight
@joeindahouse you're kind of a jerk and i hate you for that. haha. but not really. 
@joeinmypants i miss you too 
@JoeJGirl2009 Are you serious? It got suspended? Oh my goodness  Stupid haters are probably responsible for that.
@JoeJGirl2009 awweee why? 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 aw it was  missed it!!
@JoeJonas1Fan1 ohkay thankyou  i'm so bummed i didn't get to meet @laurenconrad today though  my parents said it was&quot;raining hardcore&quot;
@JoeJonas1Fan1 yeah its amazing!! u gotta go!! u cannot miss it!! its like the perfect world!! except that the jonas arent in it 
@Joejonaslooover yeah  both were really hard i thought..
@JoeJonasLuvr49 oh I'm sorry  is she in college??
@JoeJxFlyWithMe me either 
@joek949 :o( works on mine - maybe the site is a bit busy 
@joek949 1st had a software problem, 2nd the silent button broke and 3rd got nicked! 
@joek949 an italian  but i'm not like that!Seems like you don't have a good opinion 
@joek949 hehe..im so happy! im sure he's not gonna let me play with it tho! lol 
@joek949 I went to bed a 4 am, thats whats wrong... 
@joek949 still not heard 
@joek949 Work clothes 
@Joel_Hughes undserstandable, because you have to repeat and justify yourself on a regular basis 
@JoelAndersen jealous! I don't think it's ever going to stop raining... 
@joelandluke ahhh! Happy Birthday Joel!!! I suck. 
@joelbdavison I know the feeling 
@joelchapman Have fun away joel.. i will miss all your prescences on my birthday 
@JoelCobySimpson Joel has no lessons with John no more 
@joelcomm damn, now I am gonna have to go get a damn iPhone 
@joelfisherman I would die for a double double  love back to you guys
@JoelGuelph I have more than one bike, but one's on loan, and the other has a broken axle  Maybe a third is necessary?!
@joelheflin It was great seeing you too.  Sorry I was so busy preparing board packets to mail out today.  I wanted to visit with you.  
@joelheitmar i can't nap  if i nap then i fall asleep for good, then i wake up early and am tired by the time work starts
@joelheitmar i suppose it will be, in time  how was your exam?
@joelhwilliams looking for free options.  They just changed everything and I haven't kept up 
@joellarison Testosterone Fail.  I suggest doing several push-ups &amp; eating at least 50 firey BBQ wings to make up for it.
@joellemstarr I'm SORRY i apparently missed the best moment of your life 
@JoellOrtiz btw I'd love to go see Slaughterhouse on Rock The Bells.. But there's 4.000 miles holding me back.. 
@joellyvale Yeah I'm gonna go to the doctor in the a.m. I can't sleep, I'm in so much pain  I took motrin &amp; drank tea...
@JoelMadden   Oops I mean slept .... 
@JoelMadden ah Sorry Joel ! i cudn't be a part of ur twitter party last night  Make another on 200K followers n i'll surely be there ! ;)
@JoelMadden dammm ...u shouldnt tell ppl the endings of movies...  i was gonna watch that lawls..
@JoelMadden Damn you Joel Madden lol you told us the end of the movie why why why..... 
@JoelMadden haha  i went to see that in the cinemas and i was one of the annoying crying people haha.
@joelmadden http://twitpic.com/7h69h - u remind me of Josh in this pic.. hey what happened with whole quitting smokin? 
@JoelMadden i can not see you singing keeps saying restricted copyright  
@JoelMadden i haven't see all of 'marley' yet 
@JoelMadden I was 6 months 2 early  wish i was there... you gonna come down under for a DJ gig?
@JoelMadden I'm probably the only person in this WORLD who hast EVER seen E.T. Sorry 
@JoelMadden now i dont think im going to watch it since you told me the ending 
@JoelMadden oh no does the dog die??? i havent seen it yet 
@JoelMadden suicide earlier...  and i am super heart broken because i knew who he was. 
@JoelMadden That film broke my kids hearts i had them crying for about 3 hours. And it had me upset before it even got to him dying to 
@JoelMadden u obviously don't wanna answer the question about u not being vegetarian anymore?  i'd just like to know ur reason.
@JoelMadden You ruined the movie for me 
@JoelMadden you will lose followers with that kind of behaviour! completely ruined that film for me now 
@JoelMontes second the rain over in doral.   http://mypict.me/2Ow2
@Joelsk_ Haha, if there was an mtub at my work I would be able to go for a change, still yet to get to one 
@Joelsk_ i wish! but unfortunately no 
@joeludgewigs aww  whyy?
@joelwashere HAHAHA, apanehhh. always reminding me. HAHAHAHA. lucky people 
@JoelyAh Haha, I wondered why you didn't think it was funny 
@joelyuk *cries* damn you bank 
@joem500 Thanks. He's going to need surgery at some suburban hospital, so I think I'll have to switch to a car now 
@joemaclover  fine..rub it in that you get to go see the sumer show. 
@joemaclover I had it on and didn't pay attention  Am so focused on here and the chat room. LOL
@joemaclover tour was cancelled all dates 
@joemacsangel I feel for u really I do!! I have another nite on fri too  best get bac now, been too long! Hope ur shift goes well tonite x
@JoeManna 3.0 working well for me too.  Quickpwn was supposed to release today, but they have not.     I miss PDANet
@JoeManna aww dude sorry to hear that... 
@joemarsip actually  it's my new tweet joe (what should i call you ? dad ? grandpa ?) my old one is proabably suspended 
@joemcd I told you mate, America LOVES Susan Boyle. We love singers, but I can't name one dance troupe that gets national attention here. 
@joemcd It's some type of alchopop crap, I have nothing else. 
@joemcd oh i WISH that was me! The weather is still so nice &amp; im officebound 
@joemqi yeah that would be awesome! I'd be like SAYHAITOJEN. And no, I can't take pictures 
@joemuggs re Neil Mc on Bono &quot;his principal approach is to lobby for political change rather than call for charity&quot; - One word: RED 
@joemuggs WHAT? I had no awareness of this travesty! That sounds like Hell. 
@joemurphyxx whats uppp 
@joenoia wass up lovely i anit show you no love yet... 
@JoePendragon I'm not sure, just going on what i've heard (i'is still at work) But I wont be buying it.. 
@joepolitics aawww how come I didnt get a ticket? I wanted to be on the list... 
@joepolitics I so wish I could go!!! 
@joereno I freaking told you to wear sunscreen! and you did snot listen!  now you gotta sufffer!
@JoeRinaldi - I would if I could get there. Probably has to be Saturday 
@joerogandotnet Hey Joe wish I could watch it man but it aint on here in the uk  seen the clips tho looks great. Great show tonight too.
@joeruiz its black but its a guy driving so def not @evaruth 
@JoeSabino Sorry to hear about your mom's Koi!  Check out our Predator control products http://u.nu/533d &amp; Blog post http://u.nu/5dmc
@joesafiend WHAT?! I just went ton check out http://www.yoyomofo.com/ and it's not there!!!  Sad times
@joesalamone i dont think updates are going to my phone  try at me
@Joesangel Yeah thats the only down side wiv the classic, cant change colour of it  but wldnt b wivout it xx
@joesdaily I don't even have ramen to be able to eat bad 
@joesephjonas hey joe!! I lost the webcast!!    . Oh! I love your music!!  How are U?? please follow me!! 
@joesephjonas hey joe, JONAS didnt cum here in egypt  is there any other way i can watch it?
@joesephjonas i had a JONAS  party but my friend spilled juice on thee computer, so we couldn't see yous.  x
@joesgirl I did, but I guess they do not work weekends. So gotta wait for a reply. 
@joespopsicle I would if I had some where to live and a job there 
@Joespopsicle Wow...really? It's JUNE! Well I just went to the site and still can't order anything  I guess they didn't expect all this??
@JOEsus baby, where are you? 
@JOEsus oh no  i'll come save you!
@joetheblow probably nits &amp; too lazy to get rid of them shes done it before to her because of that 
@JoeTheDough  poor thing
@JoeTheHorton I do yea. I hate the limit 
@joethepeacock Caffeine withdrawal is HORRIBLE- I've been there. Hang in there.  Treat yourself to something else today!
@joethepeacock sorry for going techtard before, was trying to forward link and obviously screwed up 
@joewilcox Nifty device. I considered a N95 a while back but I wound up with an iPhone instead. No regrets. Except AT&amp;T 
@joexy Good afternoon! why not? 
@Joey_Lenzmeier it's the only way to talk to you now!! 
@Joey_Williams Meeeee too. 
@Joey76 non not tried that yet, but most hotels base their prices on 2 adults sharing so it'd be the same thing 
@Joey76 somewhere sunny and beachy preferably 
@joeyariisz awww....IÂ´ll cry in this moment aaaa miss uu soo much.! 
@JoeyCast I have that. It plugs into the micro usb from the ac adapter. I now lack the micro usb cord 
@joeygiggles so it does move 
@JoeyGirl84 without me? I'm upset 
@joeyjoeyjoey Thanks. Seems a bit more work than I have in me right now...and don't have another phone either 
@JoeyLibetta Its for the student magazine, about how we're bein scammed by banks apparently..credit cards &amp; PPI..it complicated 
@joeymarsh Ha! Not soon.  Weddings far from my mind @ this point.
@joeymcintyre  Happy Father's Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day!  I lost my dad 16 years ago. 
@joeymcintyre  My sister and I are suppose to be meeting you today in Birmingham.    Please reschedule!!!
@joeymcintyre @JonathanRKnight @jordanknight @dannywood @DonnieWahlberg And I have to start working in a few minutes! 
@joeymcintyre @jonathanrknight What a show in CT, U guys always deliver a great show, I have no more NK events  I will miss u guys.
@joeymcintyre @jordanknight @dannywood @JonathanRKnight @donniewahlberg - Missing you in Florida this weekend!!  
@joeymcintyre Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!! I so wish I could... 
@joeymcintyre Are all the emails out for the volunteers?? I didnt get one 
@joeymcintyre Cancelled OZ tour?! We are all devistated, PLEASE reconsider.... 
@joeymcintyre can't wait to hopefully see you guys tonight.  friend is preggo last show before baby &amp; we don't have tix &amp; are low on cash 
@joeymcintyre come to T A M P A 
@joeymcintyre dang it i knew someone was gonna spoil my fun!!  u should still come to waffle house in cumming next time ur in GEORGIA
@joeymcintyre don't rub it in     i wanna be there!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! miss ya xx
@joeymcintyre Had a blast working the book drive in Toronto on Sunday! We rocked it! I hope this is not the end 
@joeymcintyre HAVE FUN, WANT TO HEAR IT TOO  ENJOY YOUR SHOW TONIGHT LOVE FROM BRUSSELS
@joeymcintyre Hey LOVE.. You missing us, your British girlies yet?! Missing you like crazzzyy..!! 
@joeymcintyre hey! come to Argentina, we miss you 
@joeymcintyre hi babe i love u 2 alot !!! patience 4 days we will be 2gether again i so want to hold u i won`t want to let u go .... 
@joeymcintyre Hi Joe. Can you have a look into ehy Paypal users aren't getting song codes? Noone is answering e-mails. 
@joeymcintyre I had to pass up a free ticket to see you in Cincy yesterday 
@joeymcintyre I hope not 
@joeymcintyre I live in Boston and still couldnt even go the launch party 
@joeymcintyre i suppose you did not.  oh well i tried. im off to bed! goodnight!
@joeymcintyre I thought @donniewahlberg has been giving us the break up speech too... I'm worried 
@joeymcintyre I was trying to get your name in a trend by starting the game #whereisjoeymcintyre  we were having fun!!!!!!!!!!!
@joeymcintyre I WISH I could b there. I really do but there's just no way I can. 
@joeymcintyre Im really sad that Im just now reading your tweets...missed the whole thing 
@joeymcintyre I'm ur supporter and I've been telling u I'm coming on Friday. Heck I live in NYC. Ha. Ok I know u weren't talking about me 
@joeymcintyre it's just mean to post a video titled &quot;yeah baby&quot; and not let us see  if i donate more books online, can i see? xoxo
@joeymcintyre Joe did you already confirm the volunteers for the Toronto show on Sunday?  We were hoping to get an email 
@joeymcintyre JOEY Where is @jordanknight? Can u tell him to come back to us.  We miss him very much 
@joeymcintyre just hopin n prayin it ain't so..but i no NK better than that...they just wouldn't n COULDN'T do that 2 us!!! 
@joeymcintyre just watched your vid on letsgetthis.org. I miss you loads, please come back to UK, i could never afford to see you in USA 
@joeymcintyre Just wondering if you are going to put &quot;One Too Many&quot; on itunes.  I hope you do, it is the only cd of yours I don't have. 
@joeymcintyre Missed your 104.5 CHUM FM interview  But so stoked that 5 bros &amp; a Million Sis's was played!!
@joeymcintyre No Geno's!?!?!? Wtf is wrong witchu!?!?!?  and I thought you were COOL! *cry*
@joeymcintyre not only not going to NY but now I'll have to DVR it! Got sucked into a work trip since &quot;my little concert&quot; didn't work 
@joeymcintyre oh btw we nominate you to hand out publishers clearinghouse checks now,  RIP ED McMahon
@joeymcintyre omg my friend @joemacsolivia wud die for a bday shout out, shes been asking you for a week poor girl  PLEASE I BEG YA JOE!
@joeymcintyre please do't tell us you guys are going away after the fall. 
@joeymcintyre Still can't get my download from SoundLoadMusic.  Donated money, got code, not download.   going on 48hrs
@joeymcintyre That is the closest we are going to get Joe. Had 5 * to see you in Australia coming from New Zealand but ain't gonna happen 
@joeymcintyre Then we r in the same boat, well not boat b/c I'm not going on the cruise either  I'll just b waiting impatiently until June
@joeymcintyre This is awesome.You &amp; Danny are hooked up and Donnie &amp; Jon are...we need to find Jordan a man now, but theres no more NKOTB 
@joeymcintyre To be honest, I don't like root beer &amp; I don't like to mix my ice cream with soda, so your simile was a little lost one me. 
@joeymcintyre too cute joe It 5am I am up with my nephew he is the about the same age as griffin he teething and can't sleep  got up at 3
@joeymcintyre twittersilence?!?!?! 
@joeymcintyre u guys we'll have a blast!! I'll be enjoying the show from home 
@joeymcintyre U have to come back, I didn't get to give my book in Montreal cause no one knew where to put it when I went looking 
@joeymcintyre Unfortunately I cannot. I will be supporting and hootin and hollerin from my couch.  But I'll be seeing you in June 3 times!
@joeymcintyre We know we know....but how we gonna get our tushies over there from the UK in 2 hours!!! ? 
@joeymcintyre We R all worried cuz you said at least a yr off in interview, DEW talking break up talk &amp; Jon said its over after this tour 
@joeymcintyre where you at, joeyjoe?not heard from u in a while 
@joeymcintyre wish i could!!!  damn job!! 
@joeymcintyre you still look tired and the vacation is nearly over 
@joeynavarro I would wear a fro if I could. My hair just won't do it 
@joeynigro sounds good man.. i have to write like 3 papers.. 2 this weekend and one during the week.. kinda sux  i don't have much time
@joeyoeyoey They lost.  ) Sayang the last point. :| )
@joeypage are you not going to IM me back?  haha
@joeypage dude,that game thing I your iPhone,I so don't get it? I have like $1,000 &amp; I keep loosing when I attack? I so don't get it 
@joeypage followed me than unfollowed me.. wtf? 
@joeypage I didn't get my ;) it made me have this face  everytime I went to go check my myspace
@joeypage i miss you aol?!....AGAIN! 
@joeypage That's sad.  hehe
@joeypage when are we gonna have our photoshoot??? mommy still didnt send those pics of us in the cab  
@JoeysAngel oh nooooooo I hope he was joking 
@JoeysMissMac Blah! Got a shot at the hospital   Taking gravol and moving very slow.
@JoeySovine  don't worry we will take care of you.
@joeythehoey I want a coma 
@joeyyy93 nothings hapened with kurt? 
@joez He doesn't need food, all he needs is ROCK. It was full by the time we got there. No more KML 
@JofArnold I only got 2 followers since that SEO/marketing/lifecoach tweet  Iz it because I iz a woman ;-)???
@JofArnold The writer had actually contacted me for the article, but Gmail put it in my spam box. 
@Joffff I don't think blended chips will be very nice! 
@Joffff Thanks man. That's what I thought, but PS seems to lose them when the file is reopened. 
@joffwl that's where all his benifit money goes. Thank god his rent is paid directly. He also &quot;borrows&quot; from me and my nana&amp;grandad 
@jogblog Nope, this is the longest, most horriblest throat infection/flu thing ever 
@johanbruyneel Why no Horner? 
@JohanJJ Yeah that's sadly how school is- you finally get off and then you got tons of homework... 
@JohannaBD I don't dare see the movie, in case it's not as good as the book 
@johannaharness Unfotunately, my powers are pretty limited. People just don't believe anymore. 
@johannajoie bless you so sweet you no what it might be easier sending me through YT or something coz i dnt think i can download them all 
@JohannaRAWR havin a shitty day too?  ughh... I feel that!
@JohannaWhyte I Didnt Finish Today.  Ima Finish Tomorrow.
@JohannesRu In 8days I can't even SLEEP naked. In 3weeks I give up my right to prance around naked indefinitely 
@johannponniah ps. now its stuck in my head. thanks buddy. &amp; when u guys randomly tweet &quot;hey must be the money&quot; hellooo nelly  lol
@johannschwella Meh. I don't know whether it's because I've heard them so much, or whether I just don't like them, but I'm not a fan 
@johannschwella no fair! how come you've seen the new @JaxPanik vid?! I haven't 
@johannschwella www.dstvondemand.com - but looks like it's not live 
@joharayvette jo.. i texted you kaya kanina.. you dont reply naman eh 
@JoHart   poor thing
@JoHart i had my 35mm which had the 1.8f (joy) but meh to getting in close enough - caught all the suburban shite around it 
@JoHart was just stunning. I had the wrong bloody lens on worse luck 
@John__Black they always ruin my childhood favorites, i've lost all faith  #imsorry #paynoattentionthen #nerdgasm #jizzinmypantz
@john_370 ohmygod you have to go 
@john_bruno omg. Congrats. Still kinda sad tho  but very xcitng
@john_hannon @xabbott yeah we made it out of p1 a few times.  next hurdle was to have range dps the crushers  heard p3 was tanknspank.
@john_henry I really wish I could.  That's part of the crappy. 
@john_hunter @ellenwest it was accidental. Installed software not knowing it had this feature. 
@john_iceknife I can't hear yodeling penguins.   reads: Prelude and Yodel  | unavailable   running out to buy PEZ brb
@John_Leese Yeah that would be awesome. The rest of the world probably won't agree though lol. They never do 
@john_lo The audio wasn't recording 
@John_Metcalf &quot;Um...present.  &quot; Were you up too? No rest for the weary...glad you're busy!
@john_peart My favourite show on the 4 network is the Daily Politics. I love Jon Stewart. HQ has no PG tips  But it is fairtrade tea :-s
@john_reyes booo! i wanna go too, but my mom is working and i don't wanna go alone  ummmm are your parents or grandma??
@John1954Moi hope the rain misses you, as it's pretty miserable here just now 
@johna_picco We're actually signing a lease on a place today, moving in July 1. Sadly we won't be in by wedding time!  Miss you too, love!
@johnackley  Clean Me!
@JohnAFlood sorry, I realised that was reply to my earlier question. I think my friend is a windows user too, so no TweetDeck 
@johnaggs oh no, did you have a bad workshop? 
@JohnAGill FYI my outline was crooked and not as pretty like all the others!       jk!
@JohnAguiar   I feel exactly the same way.  I think i'll not watch the NBA until he's gone.  
@johnalewis Aw, no FourSquare points for lunch.  
@JohnAmussen @amadril @1txsage1957 @Vickie09 #followfriday thank you so much. I'm so behind. Still at about half of what I had. 
@JohnAmussen Awww....sorry I missed that. 
I wish I was invited to a mortal kombat party 
I wish i was larisa sleeping in my bed right now 
I wish I was more clever. Witty tweets don't seem to come outta me 
I wish I was on a boat like @chazelbert 
i wish i was on a boat.... (some one will get this tweet.... hopefully)  
I wish I was on a train going to are our jonas boys 
I wish I was on summer vacation  boo
I wish i was putting on a lbd w the highest heels and going to shore club w my biffle. 
i wish i was pxxxxxxr ! 
i wish i was rich  feel like im always skint and all my friends have nice things (n) x ah well
i wish i was seeing @justinbieber at his kansas show  but considering i live no where near kansas..
I wish I was sitting on a beach but its storming here!!  
i wish i was sitting on the beach instead in my desk chair... 
I wish i was sleep right now 
I wish I was smart enough to write my business plan   
I wish I was somewhere fun like Ashley or Selena. 
I wish I was staying home and not going to work  ... I must try to have a good productive day.
I wish i was still in australia 
I wish I was still sleeping 
I wish I was still sleeping but I'm heading to the French Quarter in a little while. I'm gonna miss Andrew Cook's radio show again 
I wish I was still sleeping but unfortunately I have to work until 6 
I WISH I WAS SWIMMING BUT NOOOOO I HAVE TO WORK!!! 
I wish I was the daily show 
I wish I was there for your shindig @J_Sevs... I'll be back in town Tuesday- maybe i'll catch you before you leave me? 
I wish i was there.  I want to dance with irene. &lt;MixJunkie 360&gt;
i wish i was t-pain 
I wish I was tubing rt now. 
I wish I was with @anthonyvanity &amp; @disneylinz &amp; @audrick_xd &amp; @silentbob714 in LA. 
i wish i was with @ashleytisdale !!! 
I wish I was with @mileycyrus @ddlovato @selenagomez and @jonasbrothers 
I wish I was with my boo 
I wish I was with my momma at chopard the old car race 
I wish I was witty.  Pretty much a fail at humor.  
I wish I was you ... 
I wish I wasn't at work. An I wish I could change things.  so many things I want to change. My life is... ugh.
I wish I wasn't awake right now. 
i wish i wasn't missing the pens game 
I wish I wasn't sick, throwing up in the bathroom every 5 minutes. I'd rather have a runny nose and not be able to breathe 
I wish I wasn't stuck in the house tonight. I just have so much to do 
I wish I wasn't stuck inside on this beautiful day 
i wish i wasnt too lazy to turn off my bedroom light 
i wish i watched lost, so i could update my status about how far away 2010 is 
i wish i went to melissas  party 
I'm out mentally and psychcally 
I'm out of chewing gum  going to walk to the store and get some. Its dark and hot outside.
I'm out of coffee 
I'm out of dishes and silverware. they're all dirty. You know what that means...time to wash up. Lazy lazy me 
i'm out of green post-its 
I'm out of henny. The bottle lost 
Im out of Hitlist  Sad 
im out of my smoke 
I'm out of nyquil.  I need sleep so hopefully I'll heal. What an inconvenient time to be sick. Finals start tomorrow &amp; I have a job. FML.
I'm out of shape!!! I only made it 3 miles on the eliptical and 100 swinging sit ups  But it feels good 2 be back on my BS!! :-D
I'm out of space! Can't install Windows 7 
I'm out of the OFC -- 1342nd  -- still in the MSOP
I'm out of toothpaste and my parents=zzz! I brushed with Listerine. 
i'm out this is no fun 
im out twitters...out to sleep 
im out! twitter tikkin me off! havn diffikulty wit mah main pik displaying  now u kant c mah beauty  fl0w @BlakkMagikk im all n da bkgrd
Im out. Its all well done but it hurts so much! already awake for 2 hours but i couldnt move before. hate this part of hospital life  pain
IM OUT...STILL CANT SLEEP  BUT IMMA FIND A WAY TO GET TO IT...zZzzZz
I'm outta here, Tweeps. Going home sick. 
I'M OUTTA POUCHES!!!! 
I'm outta shape. 
I'm over @ringorang today.  3 wrong answers in a row.  My brain's not working today. 
i'm over a day late i know, but, NO MORE A LEVELS!!!!!!!!   *wipes tear*
I miss the team of sexy rowers in their tight tshirts 
I miss the tingles 
I miss the TV show &quot;Doug&quot; 
i miss the twin towers in the skyline 
I miss the way Juelz &amp;&amp; Jimmy used 2 dress 
I miss the way things used to be... 
i miss the woman i was with you.... 
i miss them 
I miss them  Adia &amp; Gilda http://twitpic.com/7gylo
I miss them already..wth is wrong with me .   
I miss them in Adelaide.  I wish I was there too... The beach looks beautiful.
I miss them more than anything right now   http://mypict.me/41KU
I miss they days when I could sleep in till noon  I need coffee STAT!
i miss this summer, where all i listened to was panic at the disco. i want them to go on tour soon 
I miss this, a lot.  http://bit.ly/2L9qpI
I miss Thomas and Joe. 
I miss those childhood days sooooo much! 
I miss those nights when could just rent movies and buy a box of pizza and be happy...  
I miss those old days when I was still majorly obsessed with Disney Channel. I obviously don't like it as much anymore now. 
i miss thunder storms 
I miss to @dougiemcfly @tommcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry I miss you Guys ! 
I miss Tommy. 
I miss training...  http://plurk.com/p/su6lr
i miss tuesdays at My House like crazy. i wanna get on the next flight to LA! i bet tonight it s nuts everybody talking about it damn 
I miss tweety 
I miss Twitter SOOOO much 
I miss Twitterific 
i miss u     -im not goin to sleep tonight =P
i miss u @thaiisl  
i miss u baby  
I miss u so much hubby  i still have ur shorts from corpus. I sleep in em every night cuz they remind me of u
i miss u super mush, i promise u give all the love u need so far as you are healthy 
I miss u too  But i'm gonna see u friday! and I gotta give you ur NY gifts  lol
I miss u too @moremoremelody sayang  http://myloc.me/2Sb5
--i miss u too.  @illmaticP
I MISS U!!! my dear friend  @vanessasaavedra  At last I will see you on Monday!!
I miss Ushe so damn much..  wish I could be there, with you.
I miss using my iphone 
i miss using my metro card 
I miss Vegas weather 
i miss victor. 
i miss watching Friends 
I miss watching paranormal state... 
i miss watching x-men again.  haha i think i'll have a movie marathon this morning.
I miss way to much when I sleep.  lol
i miss wendy's in Israel 
I miss when my true close friends were close. Now we are all separated and they are all doing their own thing 
I wish I went to the cavalli club opening 
I wish I were at #erlangfactory now 
I wish I were at Coachella 
i wish i were following iranians. 
i wish i were having breakfast with @jillianzurcher 
I wish I were in Dallas right now 
I wish I were n Memphis and with my daddy today. 
I wish I were playing Reindeer Games up at Fowler... 
I wish I were somewhere else right now. Like a beach. Not effing school. 4 weeks left 
I wish I wish among a Star that HGTV would come to my house...    I need ideas for my Entry way.
i wish i would have a blackbery 
I wish I would have gone to that laker parade! it sounded like sooo much fun! Too bad I live in Washington. 
I WISH I WOULDNT GET SO DRUNK  LOL FUNNY THO 
I wish i wud have been in McDonald's right now  
I wish I'd at least hear a 'no' from him. Then I could stop obsessing... well, at least try to stop obsessing.  
I wish I'd fall faster. 
I wish i'd had &gt; 5 hours sleep.  Staffing ticketdesk at Goldcoast after work &amp; tomorrow morning.  Should probably lunch-nap in my car now 
I wish I'd had a chance to speak to @_Esme properly today 
I wish I'd looked at the agenda last night as then I would have known I don't need to be up this early. 
I wish I'd made a note of her name, wish I could see the movie again &amp; her in another role, feel like I let her down forgetting her name. 
I wish I'd studied harder at school, I always wanted to work in the NASA control room   *sighs*
i wish i'd taken more pictures and less videos last night 
I wish i'm at home in front of lappy right now, so i can post my special post on my LJJ and blogspot 
I wish it was appropriate to make noise with my mixer at this time of the evening  I feel like baking!
i wish it was hot again so i could just sit out in the garden  grr... away to do my hair then see what fun things i can do.
i wish it was july, all my plans for june were shut down.. no more ny or demi 
I wish it was like this out side my house  ...sigh http://twitpic.com/5diyc
I wish it was me you chose  elvis ain't dead :\
I wish it was possible to take back what you just said, and say something cooler.  I also wish that @nicksantino will @reply me some d ...
I wish it was pretty outside so I can go to the zoo 
I wish it was raining 
I wish it was sunny 
i wish it was sunny outside so i could go on the lake  oh well..
I wish it was sunny today. I got a really cute dress for my birthday and I can't even wear it 
I wish it was that easy. Kill me now 
I wish it was the end of next week already. 
I wish it was warmer out 
I wish it wasn't muggy.   &lt;&lt;3 always,  T&gt;
I MISS WICKED. COME BACK. 
i miss william 
i miss working at custo barcelona....the free clothes the great people and the xtra money.....  
I miss working in a kitchen.  The jokes, the chaos, the harassment.  Ugh 
I miss working with jazz 
I miss ya 2 Babe  cant w8 4 you to come home.i miss your smile so much
i miss ya to ally!!! 
I miss ya, Boyfriend!  When am I gonna see ya again? Br!Tt@Ny!!!
I miss you  @darkrad3r
I miss you  â™« http://blip.fm/~8lc2f
i miss you  homo
I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  I miss you  @jonnyjelly
i miss you - miley cyrus     i miss you leloo 
I miss you - Miley Cyrus .... this song is so deep for me 
i miss you - miley cyrus it always makes me cry 
I MISS YOU ! 
I miss you , my honey  Come back......... please
I miss you @michelleslawter. I'm in so much pain without you 
I miss you all 
I MISS YOU ALREADY KATHLEEN!  http://twitpic.com/7uyty
I miss you already, Elizabeth Yvonne Example Hran GosGos. 
i miss you and i wish i didn't 
i miss you and love you more than life itself...how did it get this far and this out of control..dont no what to do with myself 
I miss you and neither of us have left yet 
i miss you baby 
I miss you babyy!! 
I miss you both too, @arixsafari and @CCAASSSSIIEE!   Hahaha.
I miss you crystal. Going to a party then home finally but will miss my baby 
I miss you dad  http://short.to/9vy8
I miss you dad; wish you were here to celebrate this Father's Day.  Happy Father's Day in Heaven.
i miss you daddy 
I miss you DSi.  Haven't played for a week.
i miss you girrrlll @kayleigh159 
I miss you Grandma 
I miss you guys already 
I miss you guys already  and I am sad I don't get to meet Miss Saurus. I would also like a coffee.
I miss you guys! 
I miss you guys...sorry I was gone all day!  I guess I'll see you all in the morning and figure out how I can get LIVE on here to chat w/u
I miss you Honey 
I miss you i miss your smile and i still shed a tear every once in a while. 
I miss you jill. Things wont be the same without my defender 
i miss you like crazy 
i miss you mama! 
I miss you mandy 
I miss you Meebo 
I miss you MEEDOOO !! the office is horrible without you 
I miss you Melissa Boies. 
I miss you moon, wish you'd come back to twitter 
I miss you Mr. 
I miss you my BlackBerry 
I miss you mycupid 
i miss you ryes! 
I miss you Shachar !! 
I miss you so much 
I miss you so much ...please people wish me good luck! i really really want to be able to see him on saturay night!!! 
I miss you so much Ksenia..  Fly safe..without me..
I'm over my b!tch fit  whateverz
i'm over tied and cant sleep 
I'm packed up &amp; leaving my Canterbury office &amp; my fab QA&amp;V colleagues for the last time   A great bunch of people. I will miss you xx
i'm packing a box but i don't know what to put in it.. everything is crap i should have left at home in the first place.  :\
im packing for another camp, i cant wait, we have to move campsites (but we're not doing abseiling!) 
I'm packing!  but my pile of washing to do keeps growing  this means I will have a pile of ironing the size of mt everest. not cool.
i'm paranoid if the tickets i want get sold   and i hope they don't go up in price as well
I'm peeling.  but on the bright side I had such a fantastic day!!
I'm petitioning for Father's Day to be extended into Monday if the US Open does not finish tonite 
I'm phoneless  Well, I'm not, but my phone is being repaired and I have a 'loan phone' instead.
I'm phoneless now &amp; I'm sad 
I'm pissed cause my aunt wouldn't buy me a teenage mutant ninja turtle shirt 
I'm pissed I have to work tonight and I'm going to miss the ultimate fighter finale 
I'm pissed off with Apple waiting for the 3.0 update 
I'm pissed that I didn't have any sushi for Sushi Day. 
Im pissed...phone tripping again and im hung over 
I'm planning to hunt down the coffee culprit @ Manpower - that is the person who leaves the dispenser empty all the time 
I wish it were warmer since I have errands to run today 
I wish it would stop raining  J'espere ....
I wish it would stop raining already!  I wanna go outside 
i wish it would stop raining and being shitty all the time. 
I wish it would stop raining! This is not how I wanted to spend my days off. 
i wish it would stop raining, i only have a little bit of vacation left 
I wish it would stop raining. 
I wish it would storm to match my mood! 
i wish its saturday already.. 
I wish Jamze could get Picture Mail 
I wish Jess was awake.  Argh... I miss you Jess. -bangs head against wall-
I wish jessica wasn't so much prettier than me  at shogun!
I wish jon and kate were back to normal! the new eppys are so sad 
I wish Kristyn Areson would be my friend again 
I wish Mail's threading was a little better, and that Mail on the iPhone also had threading  baaawwww
I wish Melbourne was as close at Radelaide  But would I see you more?
I wish Miley &amp; Nick get back together!!!  I really like them together, CUTE COUPLE 4-EVA!!!!! People just hate Miley 'cuz she USE to g ...
I wish Miss Jones would stop looking like the world is coming to a damn end! I am starting to take it personal 
I wish more Chinese people would wash their hair daily... 
I wish more people would follow me on http://DailyBooth.com - I'm all sad  Oh,did I mention I updated my blog at http://saltwaterit.com ;)
I wish my 2PM dream hadn't ended. 
I wish my bae was in town so he could hold up my bar 4 me right now 
I wish my best friend could stay over 
I wish my braces got tightened more often. One week after my teeth stop moving, and I have to wait 5 weeks to get it done again? 
I wish my brother would try to fix my computer already 
I wish my buddy hadn't made me think about what to pack for New York.  Now I'm bummed because I don't have anything I like.   Pitiful.
I wish my cable would come back on.  I missed the CMT awards and one of my new favorite bands Gloriana won the Nationwide award. Congrats!
i wish my cats were lolcats 
i wish my childhood would stop running thru my head 
i wish my computer wasnt so slow 
i wish my computer would read cds 
i wish my dad was here for father's day 
I wish my dad were here to go to summerslam with me   well going to go play the DS. Im bored, &amp; tired.
i wish my dad weren't 15 hours away today   Happy Father's Day, Daddy! I love you!
i wish my daily booth worked 
I wish my day would be over sooner today 
I wish my family would accept me like they do my brother.  
i miss you so much! 
i miss you so much!!! 
i miss you so much. http://i43.tinypic.com/23m1uvp.jpg rest in peace 
i miss you soooo much 
I miss you sweetie! 
i miss you too @isick369 
I miss you too! I'm super sad about missing the show.  @shavyfitz
I miss you yana 
I miss you!  ... shit-.-
i miss you!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i miss you, @andehroldan !! 
I miss you, Isle of Wight  I Love Wight 4eva
I miss you, our friendship and our day mono 
I miss you, someone. 
i miss you, tiger. 
I miss you. 
I miss you.  it feels like we havent talked in dayssss, dem.
i miss you. i got this stupid job for you  i start this week and i am scared. im such a fucking failure and you know it bobby. you hate me
I miss you.. 
i miss you... 
I MISS YOU... I MISS YOUR SMILE... AND I STILL SHEAD A TEAR EVERY ONCE IN WHILE  ( @karlenesison and @omgcool do you get me :&gt; :&quot;&gt; )
i miss your face 
I miss your good morning texts.  whatever happend to those?
I miss your sexy ass @yoscottie 
i miss your smile, 
I miss youu ! 
i miss youu tooo @kblovesyouu ..you just called me at a weird time tonight, sorry loveyy 
i miss youuu 
i miss youuuu so muuuuuuuch  &lt;3
i miss youuuuuuuuu 
i miss youuuuuuuuuuu  
i miss youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, kejebak dah gue huaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
i miss zoey  2006-2009
i miss... everything!!! 
I MISS: JIMMI,CHASE,BIRD,ZAC, SERGIOOOO, WINNIE, :HECTOR, ELADIO, JESS, BB, OMG DYLLAN!!, and so many other ppl!!!! most of them i WONT c 
I missed #DCTH. 
I missed #ff    imma do #swagg on sat. &amp; #sexxii sat when I get up... XOXOX nite
i missed @buckhollywood 
i missed @sandwichgirl24 and @Trixy98 
I missed @tapulous giving away a TTC code 
I missed 11:11 
I missed 90210 AGAIN 
I missed a fight! Stupid bein stuck in my lil coffee shop 
I missed a week of Post Secret. 
I missed Aaron Stone     but drew in netball 
i missed alot of tweets! my phone is broken, so i cant tweet from txt anymore  getting ready for @nicholeex3 's uncle's pre wedding party
i missed and miss my friends now! 
i missed another @clutchthebear prize pack opportunity on my bday yesterday  oh well. i can never win!!!
I missed Antares and the Moon tonight. 
I missed Ben on GMTV this Morning  Kind Of Gutted 
I missed BGT monday night  I wanted to see Escala on there, I heard they were going on there with their new album?
I missed church because I overslept 
I missed Family Guy!!!  I hope Hulu doesn't take forever to upload it.
I'm playin my 2nd softball game of the nite..so hot out here! 
im playing maze craze again.. its kinda ammusing but i still dont fell good. 
i'm playing neopets, watching top model re-runs, and tweeting at @Mattynewport [ facebook is down for me  ]. ahhhh spring break &lt;3
i'm pooped.  there's nobody to cheer me up. CURSES.
I'm pouting because I missed pride tonight  On a happier note I have a friend getting into town tonight to see me yay!
I'm practicing 'Stop loving you' sung by ToTo. My brain is too old to memorize music scores. 
I'm praying hard that I'll get a call from EduCare. Please let this be it. I've had enuf of jobhunting 
I'm preparing for tomorrows camp out .... I'm tired.... 
im president and they quit...how dare they  *kim*
I'm pretending to be a drunk fan at this game I'm watching. My brother asked for another seat. 
i'm pretty bored/tried. my mom is going to be home in an hour. @kassi911 is fixing to leave. aww...  she's going to texas for a month.. 
I'm pretty bummed about the puppy going back.  Why must my dog be such a jerk?
Im pretty confident im gonna get pwned by my math exam. 
im pretty convinced victoria broke my little toe. it hurts so bad 
i wish my father was here 
I wish my fiance was up 
I wish my friend mary would come visit today 
i wish my friends had a twitter page not much people talk to me here 
i wish my friends had twiter  i hate all this rain we are having
I wish my friends were up. I want to do something fun. They only chill at night to drink&amp;smoke. 
I wish my friends would text me 
i wish my friends wouldnt make fun of me today it was because of my makeup line and other hurtful things i wish i could have nice friends 
I wish my gmail account would work with my old SonyEricsson W850 
I wish my grandmother had taken me to the US with her 
I wish my hair was naturally curly 
I wish my head didn't hurt this bad.  i need another cup of coffee.
I wish my home computer was as nice as my work machine. 
I wish my interent was soooper fast again 
I wish my internet wasn't shaped 
I wish my ipod wasnt dead  i need musiiiiiiic
i wish my iTunes would burn CDs without being stupid. off to work soon where i will be working on math.  
I wish my life could have as happy of am ending as sweet home Alabama. 
i wish my mom wasn't working today 
i wish my mom would come home already so i could go to sleep. 
I wish my mom would have caught me eating that donut. I don't expect good results this week. 
I wish my neighborhood was safe so I could go running at night. 
i wish my picture showed 
i wish my pool was open so i can go in it 
I wish my right arm would stop going numb. 
I wish my sas was back on twitter 
i wish my secret won't be Revealed.. ohh im really scared!! 
I wish my Sidekick worked  HMPH.
i wish my spiderman shirt still glowed in the dark! 
I wish my stupid country had cake supplies.. There is no such thing as cupcakes here 
I wish my text alert was the acoustic &quot;Save Game&quot; tone from Golden Sun. 
i wish my thoughts would shut up and let me sleep! Ugh!   i hate this.
i wish my twistory would show up on my calendar  seems like a cool idea but I wanna see if it works!
I wish my twitter were prettier.  NOT ENOUGH PINK.
I wish my video camera was fixed 
I wish my wrist would quit swelling up. 
I wish MySpace and Facebook worked from my cell phone the same way Twitter does.    Oh well.
I wish Natasha Bedingfield would release a new album already 
I wish Neil Patrick Harris was on Twitter so I could wish him a Happy Birthday. 
i wish nevea tears would make some music 
i wish new moon was comin out sooner...... 
I wish one of my friends had come to my show so I wouldn't be sitting alone right now.  b/c of that I'm not stayn long..
I missed Graham Norton and Suze Orman last night!  Agh!  I look forward to those all week... Sad... 
i missed greased lightning 
I missed him a couple weeks ago  but saw him in my younger years. I think it was 1986
I missed it all... 
I missed it last night  and it wasnt on 4od #bb10
I missed it last night. 
I missed itt. 
i missed JONAS and the new iCarly movie (iDate A Bad Boy). I was out all afternoon 
i missed JONAS today  i have to youtube my boys !@#$%^&amp;
I missed jonas.  but I'm over it now because wizards of waverly place is on. Haha
i missed Lady Gaga on Rove 
i missed most of the final of BGT, i was at work. will have to wait for the rerun 
i missed music bank because of the accident. 
I missed my 500th. 
I missed my 6000th update.  i knew i would
I missed my bamboozle friends  !! Drive safe!! See you all this weekend hopefully!
I missed my calling when I was in Orlando... I should have been working for @attractions - missing Disney/Florida BAD today! 
I missed my chance to see sal tonight yet again. 
I missed my friend's b-day party because I had to frickin' work &amp; it sucks real bad!!! I love you solome! I fail... 
I missed my gumbiens today  @AllCharlesDavid @stephjonesmusic  @BRITkneeB @LizzyV12 @RockBella @DeJuanDeJuan that's all I could find LOL
i missed my laptop so much  i just realized it doesnt have a name.. hmm.
I missed my LilSis' birthday party 
i missed my mom  
I missed my Rutherford friendssss 
I missed my train 
I missed not being able to teach this morning... 
I missed Real Housewives of New Jersey tonight and forgot to record the season finale of Law &amp; Order: SVU. Darn maaan. 
i missed rose more now 
I missed saying goodbye to my best friend due to a stupid alarm 
I missed seeing Teo Ser Luck at Al-Mawwadah just now. 
I missed so many episodes of 'Gossip Girl'. Really REALLY not happy about it.          
I missed so much these last two weeks! Had a huge web project to launch. Finally catching up. So many missed tweets 
I missed Sunday Mass  but departing Columbia now, on the way to the Charlotte airport.
I missed th dance along so i dont really know the steps 
I missed tha JERK Fest 2niite  @NewBoyz @BenJNewBoyz @TheLegacy @TheBangz @THEPUSH @thisisoktane @Tay3rd @WhoisJHawk was all therre!
i'm pretty freakin hungry right now...time to grab some breakfast. just pulled an allnighter finishin up on schoolwork 
im pretty gutted that @tommcfly and @dannymcfly never reply to me! i love them to bits! 
im pretty much done with school. plans for summer... nothing so far other than summer band 
I'm pretty much the &quot;saddest&quot; person in the world right now, just because this is eventually ending  #ASOT400
i'm pretty pissed off about going back to school tomorrow.  the end of a fab holiday 
I'm pretty proud of my proposal, though. Sadly  our Instructor said he won't have time to write any comments on them, which bums me out 
I'm pretty sad that @jdaflip's visit has come to an end. Who am I to share a bed with tonight? 
I'm pretty sure &quot;lectric&quot; is not a word. Commercials. 
I'm pretty sure I just saw a wreck with no survivors  I pray my assumptions are wrong.
I'm pretty sure I lost the tony pool 
im pretty sure i miss watching &quot;Yo Gabba Gabba&quot; with my niece 
I'm pretty sure ill be downgrading from 3.0 until they can make a jailbreak  for it.... I miss my theme  but I still wnt 3GS #squarespace
I'm pretty sure I'm dying  HATE being sick...
i'm pretty sure my full time job will be the death of me... so much to know and no one to teach me how  merde
I'm pretty sure my stomach has waged war against me. 
I'm pretty sure that I want Caitlin to NOT leave all summer. Officially lame. 
I'm pretty sure this is the closest thing to torture I've ever experienced. 
I'm pretty upset about what the doctor said to me today 
I'm probably going to be crying today 
I'm probably going to be stuck here this summer... No ny... No marbella 
I'm probably in the minority here, I really wish Ghostbusters had never been made. One of the worst big budget films ever. 
I missed the #ontd epic fun last night 
I missed the &quot;Dirty Jobs&quot; marathon? Nooooo! *sigh* My night is now Mike Rowe-less 
I missed the @alyankovic's Ask Al live stream!  I will have to watch the recorded version when I have time.
I missed the bus 
I missed the earthquake. 
i MISSED the fall???    x10000
I missed the herb festival 
I missed the La Grange tornado.     I'm chasing central to N.E. Kansas today!  Hopefully I have better luck today!
i missed the live chat of the Jonas brothers  i over slept (..
I missed the LOST finale.  
I missed the No_Fires show last night. Night classes. 
i missed the pauls boutique launch in topshop 
i missed the rachel migs chant 
I missed the registration deadline for the elections  Oh well, general elections are more important
i missed the show last night... bout the presidntiables i think... 
I missed the St. Louis - Boston game. Twitter spoiled the outcome for me 
I missed these events 
I missed true blood!!! 
I missed t-shirt #2 
i missed tweeting 
I missed two texts and a phone call...when my phone was next to me. Oops. My brother is sad he can't come with me to Disney. sad too 
i missed you twitter. Cade has been ill 
I missed you yesterday, Lacey.    We get to go to granulation tonight, though.
I missed your calls 
I misses him times a bajillion right now 
I misses my stickam buddies  and i cant get on until late tonight boo
i missesese Hedleyyyyy  &lt;3 come back to meeee!
I missing both F1 and French open final due to this furniture work. 
I missith my Keithington.  I shalt not be happy until he returniths :,(
i missmy old bestfreind/prince robbie 
I misss It  stupid tweetgenius slowss down my blackberry -_-
i misss my friends i want school back 
i misss my phone, 
I misss pepe so muchhhh!  It was so nice out today; yet I  Was stuckkk in the house errg
i missss bub!  45 minutes to get ready then going out for a family meal, oh the joy
i missss youu 
I missssssssss youuu 
I mith Dancey and I mith Lark like whoa  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
I most forgot a child at summer camp! Hope I make it in time 
i moved out of harrow 2 days ago and i miss everyone like crazy 
I wish opening nights as amazing as tonight didn't happen before a morning of Sunday School! I want to celebrate, not teach 
I wish Pay It Forward didnt have such a sad ending 
I wish people were up this late so I could talk to them. My mind is a mess in a million different driections 
I wish people would come climb. 
I wish people would stop mentioning Glastonbury, I want to 
I wish people would stop unfollowing me 
I wish PETA would go away. They euthanize cats and dogs and think it's ok since it's under their control.   They're hypocrites.
i wish petey was 80lbs 
I wish Pixar would just release the Up montage at the beginning of the film by itself. It's just so damn good. 
I wish Ryan hadn't scheduled his wedding for the exact same time as the Kentucky Derby! 
I wish school was in session. Hopefully babysitting tomorrow will help. It stresses me out when mom cries. I wish I could help. 
I wish school would just hurry up and start...I can't believe i just said that...I need to find something to do 
I wish she'd stop pretending that this is alright. Just leave me alone and let me do this fucking paperwork. 
I wish sinuses didn't exist then there would be no such thing as hayfever or allergies. Think for the first time i have hayfever 
I wish SLT ADSL was just a teeny bit faster so i can watch youtube videos properly 
i wish SO bad i was going to see Phoenix in brooklyn tonight 
I wish so badly I was doing this clinic on my baby. I miss her 
I wish somebody could give me a twug right now! I really need a twug at the moment!!!!!!!!  :/
I wish someone buy me a bottle of painkillers and watch a movie with me 
I wish someone could come spend the night with me  i want a cuddle buddy
I wish someone could record my bowling action - I am just too quick for cameras 
I wish someone could show me how to broadcast music online 
i wish someone from @themaine would reply to me 
I wish someone had a secret crush on me. 
I wish someone I knew would be able to talk to me. Everyone is gone!!!! 
I wish someone loved me. 
I wish someone was here with me 
I wish someone would @ddrattack my tweets... 
I wish someone would buy me lunch before my next class 
I wish someone would send me an invite to Mixi 
I wish string cheese was like 4 times the normal size...one is never enough...  
I wish SW!TCH sells iTune cards.  I can't think without buying Sims 3 for the iPhone.
I wish taylor swift was coming to glasgow. 
i wish tennis didn't end tomorrow 
i'm probably not the first jerk to do that 
I'm procrastinating packing. I hate packing... 
I'm pround of beeing Judd. 
Im puking the fucking regean and it hurts to beathe but these fuckers wont let me go home. 
I'm pumped for the clarence homecoming tonight.. after i clean my grandmas house 
I'm putting off calling the Managing Director 2 let him know I prolly won't return. its easier being stabbed in the rib  
I'm questioning my undying love for trey songs after hearing &quot;LOL smiley face&quot;. WTF is this shit?  
I'm quite afraid to string now since I don't have any .024 wire use 
I'm quite annoyed with my self I've not done any revision for a whole two weeks! I've got 4 tests next week as well! 
Im quite bored and my iPhone update is delayed until tomorrow 
i'm quite bothered that his hoodie now smells like me 
I'm quite disappointed on the twilight movie. They cut out alot of scenes  I hope they wont do that on the up-coming movie new moon
im quite upset do I really look under 15 :| they must have thought i was 14 or something ! Whatt ! thats unfair 
I'm quitting caffeine, but you all enjoy your coffee ..... I'll have juice  .....  %&amp;$#@Â§ !! http://bit.ly/j70PM #fb
im ragin i cant find lydia 
im rather bord 
I'm rather bored now 
IM READI TO HAVE FUN BUT I DNT HAVE 1 FRIEND THATS DOWN WIT ME...I HAVE FRIENDS BUT AINT NOBODY ON MY LEVEL  ROOOAADDTRIP! LOL
I'm reading Eclipse right now, then I'm going to sleep! It's 11:41 pm in here. I'm on p. 254. I just wanna read not go to sleep  
i'm reading new moon, i stil read only 100 pages 
i wish that @VivaLOLITA was hurrr 
I wish that everyone would leave me alone for a few days 
I wish that Frasier and Roz had got together in the end 
i wish that he would just say yes, i've liked him for 6 months i usually give up on guys within a month or 2  he's really special to me
I wish that I could dance like Sree 
i wish that i could go outside today 
i wish that i didn't have school tomorrow 
I wish that little stray cat would come take refuge on my porch. It's so rainy outside  #fb
i wish that my house was empty today 
I wish that ppl wud listen to me  this wud have never happened. 
I wish that someone would explain to me how Twitter works  i have no clue whatso ever and its annoying me!!!
I wish that they still aired boy meets world on tv  i miss that show
I wish that when you select multiple items in Mail on the iPhone you could mark multiple items as read. 
I wish the AI tour was coming closer to my hometown.  I wasn't gonna be able to drive 7 hours for the closest stop 
I wish the Barry Gibb talk show was real 
I wish the bookstores here would be more trustworthy esp at this kind of time! I think they're just sick of the situtation though. Boo 
I wish the dog would stop being poorly. It's worrying me 
I wish the donkey could punch me!!   Haha!! Work hard first!! Play harder when ur done!! Yupp!
I wish the economy wld turn around so I cld get a different job 
i wish the game had new episodes. Geez. 
I wish the guys knew how to dance! I wanna jive. 
I wish the gym was open 24 hours a day....I'm in the mood for a good workout! Guess I will have to wait until tomorrow 
I wish the iPhone was on T-Mobile here in the states. 
I wish the LA team going in the finals was the clippers  lol
I wish the Lakers didn't make it to the Finals but it looks like it's going to be LAL-ORL 
I wish the postman would hurry up and get here. Although he probably won't be delivering my package today  fingers crossed!
I wish the rain would come back. 
I wish the rain would come during school season... not now when its still summer... 
i wish the second season of wipeout would appear on axn soon 
I wish the sun didn't give me headaches 
i wish the sun was out today!  booo rain!
i wish the sun would come ouuut  im desperately waiting to ride with my sunroof open!- mall with jay, then fam din!
I wish the sun would return ...it's been so gloomy since Thursday 
I wish the sun would stay out..... looks like rain for the next week  
I wish the truth didn't hurt. Advance.. 
i wish the us open was on 
I wish the weather would be slightly less rainy so I could use the hot tub. 
i mssted two days  devooooo and im not going to elev8 any more  so sad
I must admit, i'm a little pissed ppl r starting to get hip to Drake. ...  n correction, not just my Sorors, MY CHAPTER! E? baby all day!!
I must b all twittered out, have nothing much to say or do... 
i must be crazy,i dont know why i thought i could eat a foot long subway....feel soooo sicccck 
I must be falling off or somethin cuz my @ replies dry and slow as a camel in the sahara. Lmaoo. Come on yall damn!!! 
I must be getting old...I can't handle these high heels everyday like I use to 
I must be really out of touch with popular things these days - I've used Urban Dictionary twice in one day 
I must be running on california time still.. So hard to get out of bed and get to work 
I must be the only tf fannot going to see rotf anytime soon. Its been spoiled for me and I'm just not uber excited to see it... 
I must confess that the news of the Rio-Paris AirFrance flight crash left me uneasy and frightened. I took the same route 2 weeks ago 
I must erase my nail art before do phisically check up for people tomorrow..argghhh feel bad  sorry nail art..lol
I must go to bed, I have to go to work 
i must go to ruins again. i've been so bored 
I must have applied for about 20 jobs every day this week, why won't one of them contact me??? 
I must have ate something bad yesterday... me no feel good! 
I must have met the one girl on earth that not matter what cannot be happy with the person that i am. 
I must have ODed on hookah last night at my pizza party with the boys. I was under the impression today was Saturdayï¿½ 
I wish the weather would stay like this..but instead it's going up to 100 and humid 
I wish the weekend would have losted longer 
I wish the world was simpler than it is. My tiny brain cant handle the madness. 
i wish their werent so many modeling scams especially in MI theirs nothing  it sucks
I wish there was @pinkberryswirl in Tampa 
I wish there was a #redmango in Michigan 
I wish there was a 7 Eleven!! I need some Vitamin C and echinacea.  where is a good man when u need one lol.
i wish there was a check box on twitter to mass delete DMs 
I wish there was a Dunken Donuts in Bakersfield 
I wish there was a way of laying in the rain without getting my back dirty. Stupid mud 
i wish there was more time in the day. im so sorry to anyone i couldnt be with today  see you tomorrow?
i wish there was something exciting for me rn  boring.
I wish there was something to do besides this. My room consists of a bed and a dresser.  im gonna go.
I wish there were a comic book store anywhere within 100 miles of here so I could go to Free Comic Book Day. 
i wish there were a thunder storm tonight. 
i wish there were DVD releases off previous series of big brother. They stopped doing it after BB4 
I wish there were more astronomy classes offered at UT this upcoming fall..  the two they have don't fit in my schedule! 
I wish there were more hours to the day!!  Didn't get nearly as much accomplished today as I had hoped!  
i wish there were more people that i know IRL on twitter....lame. 
I wish there were no stresses for once 
I wish there were nuts in my cheesecake fantasy... 
I wish these regular Cherios were Honeynut Cherios. 
i wish they could give them again  i would soo watch them all over again.
I wish they had not gotten rid of G4 here at UofL!! Now I can't watch the live #E3 coverage... 
I wish they placed back trade and gift button  I think chobots are qutting because of that
i wish they sold Carne Asada burritos at work 
I wish they were giving Family Guy.  lol
I wish they would come out with Tweetie for Windows. 
I wish they would shut up  I want to stay friends with both. I hate it when my friends fall out...
I wish they would tell u if the movie ur going 2 C is on a small screen or not.  - http://bnup2.com/p/569938
i wish they'd release the full line up for t4 on the beach now! too impatient to wait 
i wish thinga could be easier 
i wish things would go back to normal. 
I wish this cough would go away. It hurts now. Oy. 
I wish this day was over already 
I wish this flu of mine would kindly leave me alone! I hate the flu 
I wish this mix would mix itself, I would give ANYTHING to be producing music right now 
i must have slept in a very weird position last night cause my back hurts 
I must in diet...  but my stomach hurt..
i must learn for school ............  school sucks ..
I MUST learn how to hold my tongue. I speak to freely. Its  gift and a curse 
I MUST love school  Hahaha
I must part with two of my kittens tonight.  
I must prepare for the final exam!! Phew.. Iâ€™ll need to study more, before I take the exam. Okay.. I'm going to have a really hard time!! 
I must revise maths but I don't know how 
I must tidy my room  :S
I must tidy up my room 
I need $419 for new sidekick LX  Don;t worry...I'll eventually get it.
i need @LelephantRose to teleport here for brunch. 
I NEED @magicmanil to come over NOW!! but I don't think its happenin 
i need @nicksantino to help me photoshop 
I need 1. dried mangos 2. chapaghetti. Why is the asian market so far? 
I need 150 dollars to turn my phone back on. 
I need 2 buy the princess diaries books i dont have 4 1/2 n some others  Acilegnamambo
i need 2 go  sleep but Im so tired that Im wired 
I need 2 light bulbs!!! They are burned out 
i need 2 thaw some meat. i nev do 'cause im never sure when i will b able 2 replace it. 
I need 2get it 2gether this Lady done asked 4 water bout 50-11 times!! LOL damn  http://myloc.me/2lDQ
I need a $10 giftcard 
I need a 35mm f2 for my 40d. I can't find any online though 
I need a 3rd bedroom my game collection is multiplying 
I need a Aion Beta Key 
I need a back and tummy rub.  
I need a back massage  and a pedicure. I wish I was rich. 
I need a back massage.  ouchy 
I need a bandaid. 
I need a bedtime story! 
i need a best best friend again. this is killing meeh. 
I need a big bottle of juice and a bacon sandwich. But there is NO bread in my house! 
i need a bigger dooney.  all my shit won't fit. HEY! that rhymed.
i need a black dress for tomorrow still 
I need a blackberry 
I need a boy to help me! Something is wrong with my car!  HELP!?
I wish this rain would go away 
i wish this stupid headache would go away, 6 days of headaches aren't fun 
i wish this trimester doesnt end 
I wish to kill myself  am soo bored of revising...FINISH tomorrow!! how come celebrities never have to revise?!?!
I wish to sleep 
I wish tomoro was tonight  lol
i wish tomorrow was wenseday 
I wish tweet deck would stop crashing 
i wish twitter had more themes. darn 
I wish twitter worked on foreign phones 
i wish wahoo was today  I want cotton candy
I wish waitressing didn't involve having to always work on Saturday, when all my friends are off. 
I wish waterworld was still owned by six flags 
i wish we could actually have a sleepover Quinn  i met you too late.....
I wish we could go back in time.. To even -last week- things are going by too fast. 
I Wish We could Just Adopt Archie  
I wish we could write a song as good as the 118 24 7 song. I rly rly do 
I wish we didn't have to leave today. 
I wish we had a pool. 
i wish we had more home movies... everyone kind of gave up on them when i was like three 
I wish we hadnt waited so long to plan a July 4th gulf coast beach trip- good hotels are full or super-expensive. 
i wish we lived closer.. and not so far away... 
I wish we were all at #atmedia  but instead stuck in #theJar all day. Have fun everyone! #atmedia2009
i wish we were all hanging out tonight 
i wish we were better friends! 
I wish we would get fully staffed already, I'm tired of interviewing and doing other people's jobs 
I wish wish wish Australia post was as good as US Postal service 
I wish wish wish it was Friday. 
I wish XX1 had a mend section  
I wish you could come back 
I wish you felt better 
I wish you were here @tanyafw 
I wish you were here. 
I wish you would just stop 
i wish you would've stayed in Boone this weekend 
i wish your driving lessons finish quickly so you can go online.  i want to talk to you.
i wished i could go for the 789 gathering 
I wished I felt the earthquake 
i wished i knew how to revise 
I wished my mom brought me pants I'm laying in this hospital bed wit a mini skirt on 
I wished, I can tell you, how much I missed you lah. Dumb. 
i wishhh a certain someone would come home SOON 
i wishhhhhhhh i could go to bedddddd 
I wishy I wasn't such an emotional wreck all the time 
I need a boyfriend  http://twurl.nl/ricufn
I need a boyfriend too.... 
I need a break 
I need a break.  I'm not even where I stopped last night   this is going to take hours now.
I need a car  I miss my baby already.
I need a car but cant afford one 
i need a car charger for my phone 
i need a car holy crap 
I need a cd player. 
I need a chili cheese dog. Or something.  ugh!!! 4 more months.
i need a coffee re-fill! the something sweet never came! 
I need a concert really bad right now. Those are the best days ever, and right now, I could REALLY use one of those. AND I have practice 
I need a cookie. 
I need a copy of Mac OS X Lucida Sans true font, can anyone help?  (via @ob1wanski)
I need a coven please help 
i need a cuddle buddy! 
i need a cuddle buni right now. 
I NEED A DAMN HUG! 
i need a date for my friend's prom-themed birthday partay.  KASI NAMAN! (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/xe3kn
i need a desk. the thing i usually put my laptop on is broke. 
I need a distraction &amp; I have absolutely nothing to do tonight. Ughhhhh, not cool. 
I need a doctor. It almost made me cry getting into bed. What have I done to my tummy? 
I need a drink, just heard an old friend I'd lost touch with died this morning 
I need a drinking buddy 
i need a fake... i just preceeded to ruin my passport.. by trying to make me 23 
I need a few Good men to help me move july 11th a sat, the family will be out of town 
I need a freakin vacatiiiiooonnn!!! 
I need a free music web-site to listen to at work!!!!  They blocked playlist.com 
I need a friend that wont do this kind of stuff to me. But i think all the good ones are taken 
i need a friend to talk 
I need a funny movie or something.  Suggestions? i feel a little down 
I need a good work out ... but too sick to leave the house 
I need a haircut 
I need a haircut so bad. All of my stylists are too far! 
I need a haircut. I should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail. 
i need a headphone so bad 
i need a heat pack for my back but am in too much pain to go buy one  sad day #fb
Im reading Pure Evil by Maureen Harvey its about how her son's girlfriend killed her son and lied to them and the press and the police. 
I'm ready for bed...Madi not so much 
Im ready for Footloose... not so much senior circle 
I'm ready for it to be 430. working 6 days a week during the summer is not my idea of fun.  anything going on tonight?
I'm ready for summer break. 
i'm ready for this relationship, but there's something dance in my brain. idk what is that 
I'm ready for this weekend to be over. Or for my family to go home anyway. And I hurt. 
I'm ready to attach the main database - Patching shouldn't take too long - Pah! who am I kidding - This is going to be a SQL nightmare 
I'm ready to get off &amp; be with baby already. Not my day. 
Im ready to get off of the set and go to bed! 
I'm ready to go back to bed again.... I just really needed the completly rest... it's making everything better... except my foot!! 
I'm ready to go home now.  Sunburned and very tired.
I'm ready to go home to my baby. I miss my nu-nu! I just tried calling buy she's sleep! 
I'm ready to go home!! My head hurts 
I'm ready to go home. 
I'm ready to gooooooo.   !!!  I hate acne smmfh
i'm ready to have a big girl job where i dont have to work on the weekends!! blah...work all day 
I'm ready to scream! OMG, dinosaur already  its so big  I wish dinosaurs were still alive! i wud have a pet T-REX! that would be awesome
I'm real sad my $4 beer just became my new perfume 
im realllllllllyyy cold 
im really about to go to church  ftl
Im really annoyed 
I'm really bad at cutting patterns. 
I'm really behind on homework now. better get on that this afternoon. 
I'm Really Bord 
im really bored 
i'm really bored 
I'm really bored in class.  Saaaaave me.
im really bored now!! netball training was called off  im goin to pinks concert 4 the 2nd time this year yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
i'm really bored of this 'illness' ,it pollute my blood like a toxic , it comes and gone as one likes. i cannot avoid it 
i'm really bored&amp; missing my JLS boys 
I'm really bored, bored as hell, bored and all bored 
im really bored. its only 10 at night though. i wanna go for a jog!!!!! unfortunately i cant 
Im really bored... Nothing to do 
I'm really boredddddddd 
i'm really bummed about sara's dog, and @drambajuice's buddy, getting hit by a car. i'll miss you bella! 
I'm really bummed that I'm missing my little one's school party today, but I can't risk going in there. 
I'm really bummed that the DVR just decided not to record The Bachelorette tonight... 
I'm really bummed.  I guess I got lead on
IM REALLY BUSY SORRY FOR NOT BEING ABLE TO TWEET MUCH! MISS YA LA.. HAHA KKK BAC TO WORK 
I'm really concerned  . .
Im really confused.  the longer it continues, the worse it gets! I want to say something, but.... I just cant.....
i'm really craving coffee but i know if i have some, i won't be able to go to sleep tonight 
I'm really curing the Norwegians who stayed in my place 18 months ago &amp; threw out all my take out menus. Why? Why would anyone do that? 
I'm really depressed right now... éŒ¢ä½œæ€ª....é»žå…ˆå?¯ä»¥çˆ­æ°£D  &gt;&lt;
I'm really depressed that the Hills is ending tonight. 
I'm really depressed!!! I won't make it to Minnesota this summer  stuck in Mexico!!! God!! I SO want to go!!!
I'm REALLY disappointed in the new Paolo Nutini album.  
I'm really disappointed that Susan Boyle didn't win BGT! 
I'm really enhoying my luch break...do I have to go back to work? 
I'm really excited to play around with Motion (http://www.movabletype.com/motion/), but I have to make myself go to sleep 
Im really freakin bored! 
i'm really fucking hoping i don't have pneumonia, i feel like shit!  bedtime w/the boy. getting up in a few hours to clean the apartment.
I'm really full  My mum said I must have a balanbe diet. I hate it 
im really gettin quite upset...ben lucky mite not make it!! ugh  i feel awful.
I'm really going to miss you high school. It was a strange yet fun ride. Aww now i'm going to cry 
Im really hungry .. and I had breakfast today .. normally when I dont have breakfast I'm not hungry. My body is confused. 
I'm really hungry and it's making my eye lid twitch... Some can eat but have no food 
I'm really hungry now. I worked through lunch and took a nap through dinner 
I'm really in the mood for Swiss miss hot milk chocolate.. But all I have is Ghirardelli white mocha.     it'll have to do
I'm really mad eric won't get out of the shower cause I really need to get ready for work. 
I'm really mad that I can't find my syringe pen 
I'm really mad that while I'm going to be out of the country Lil Wayne is going to be having another concert out here 
I'm really madd / i gott hella xcited because twit-pic finally wrkd ONE Time ; &amp; now its now!!! 
I'm really missing Claude Rains. 
im really missing him alot. no calls nor msgs.  be strong aishah.
im really missing michigan..  Cant wait to go home and see everyone!
I'm really missing my better half... I love him sooooo much!!! I really wish I could hug him right now... 
I'm really missing my mom. I get crazy when I feel like this. Might end up on a flight back to Tampa tomorrow   http://twitpic.com/6sjgi
I'm really missing my real friends back home  BUT happy I will soon make new ones!
I'm really missing my soldering iron 
I'm really missing you, @DoChickensTweet. 
I'm really needy right now. Does anyone wanna come and cuddle with me? I promise I'll be good. I love cuddling. Anyone? 
i'm really not in the mood to revise for my french exam 
Im really not likin the pain thats in my right hand!! This makes me sad  Can anyone lend a hand? .. literally .. give me ur hand?! Plzz
I'm really not liking this rain. 
I'm really pathetic. Why am I waiting for him to call when I know for the fact that he'll never do. 
I'm really pissed right now! 
I wnt cheese d0odles .. The lil crunchy ones 
I woke at 4 a.m. and had a dream that made me worry about stuff.... so I got up and read blogs. Now I feeling it! 
i woke p ay like 6:35 or somthing and my two friends alexa and caroline will prob sleep in until like 9:00! im sooooo bored! 
I woke to early 
I woke up ... angry 
I woke up 15 minutes ago and I feel awful.   I have been in the loo all morning.  This is not good.  
I woke up 3 hours too late .. 
i woke up a long time ago and still in my bed  what a lazy day,,
I woke up an hour after i was already supposed to be at work! What has happened to me? 
I woke up and got all excited because I couldn't feel any swelling, until I sat up   Still apples. Of pain.
I woke up and it was sunny, 20 minutes later its dark and rainy  Whyyy?? I just want nice weather.
I woke up and it's hard to fall back asleep.. Ugh.. I need to sleep.. 
I woke up and my hiccups came back! 
I woke up and now I can't fall back asleep and I'm kinda tired  err I hate that!
I woke up and realized he will nvr talk to me again  i guess this is the price i pay for dumb ass decisions. Going to bed again.....
I woke up and works 
I woke up at 2 pm and I can't fall asleep! Sucks because I have to be up in 6 hours! 
I woke up at 2:00  wasted my day already. and i was suppose to go the gym.
I woke up at 5 a.m.  5 1/2 hrs. sleep not enough, especially after only 5 hrs. Friday night! Must fall back to sleep!
I woke up at 5 and now I'm like half sleep...someone get me a pillow and blanket and send it 365 West Broadway, thats where I am 
I woke up at 6AM and was still 6 minutes late to work... stupid freaking miserable hair (that STILL didn't curl right). And I'm hungry 
i woke up at 7:55 today. not fun 
I woke up at 830 on my only day off 
I woke up at about 10:00 this morning. The mo. brought me a cuppa at about 11:00 when I was back asleep. 1:30ish, I awoke. Cold tea. 
I woke up because thick, gooey blood was oozing out of my ears where I gauged them. 
i'm really pleased that things are really moving in Spain now.. just upset I aint enjoying a glass of fizz too 
I'm really poor!!!!! Need money now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
I'm really really bored here because I have like absolutely nothing to do. 
I'M REALLY REALLY HATE THE TEST!!!! 
I'm really really reallly reallllly cold! 
Im really really tired  and idk what im wearing to church... Freestyle51! &lt;3
Im really sad and i dont know what to do 
i'm really sad and tired 
Im really sad cuz i stepped on a ketchup packet and it exploded all over my bedroom carpet 
I'm really sad for jon &amp; Kate 
im really sad I have to miss the prom show  i wish my finals could have ended already. sigh
I'm really sad- I hosted the newscast today and did really awesome. But it looks like the tech people never got around to posting it up. 
i'm really sad that i didn't get a chance to see [title of show] 
Im really sad that I didn't get warped eco  hopefully I can still go.
im really sad that i have to miss my fri night abs and intervals work out to be at the bistro  can't wait until i can get paid to work out
I'm really scared of the DARK! 
im really scared off the thunder its right above my house wish i had a boy to hold me 
Im really scared.. Just been threatened by someone I dont kno to do stuff on cam.. i didnt. Im really worried now  Been crying.
Im really shocked at diversity winning. Gutted about Shaheen &lt;3  Hows all your barbique's go? xx
Im really sick  This sucks !
I'm really sick  won't be on much today
I'm really sick + ewent to docotrs and its viral infection in both my eyes and I have a sore throat too 
I'm really sick of trying to present myself as a phony happy friendly person when I really don't feel that way inside 
I'm really sick ya'll they sent me home damn that H1N1 got everybody scared of a common cold.. 
I'm really Sick. Its not good 
I'm really sick. Started with sore throat and now headache.  I hate being sick.
I'm really sleepy because I couldn't sleep last night 
I'm really sore fomr tubing yesterday. I can barely move 
I'm really sorry because of the situation in Iran.   Good luck to you all!
IM REALLY SORRY I CANT GO TODAY ;( @codea i wish i were there with you! if you see dmelillo, go crazy without me 
i'm really starting to worry about the swine flu.. so i rang the hotline, but all i got was crackling 
I'm really suffering with hayfever this year. 
I'm really sunburned, so I can't sleep.... It hurts too much. 
I'm really sunburnt. It hurts 
im really think i need a boyfriend, im like really lonely 
I'm really tiiiirrreeeddd, but don't wanna go bed 
I'm really tired and have a headache. Know what else? I'm dumb, because I should have went to bed over 2 hours ago. 
I'm really tired and have work again tomorrow  I hate work at the moment... It's so poo!!
I'm really tired for some reason.. I slept really well last night    but rafal comes tonight so everything is great!
im really tired of being sick 
I'm really tired tonite. 
Im really tired!  (Follow @peterfacinelli)
im really tired, but i have to learn so much :S God, give me strenght 
I'm really tired, oh and if you would please block CalvinandPaul_P he's been mean to me 
I'm really tired. But it's too late to nap. 
I'm really tired. Trying really hard not to have coffee this morning but I just might have to 
I'm REALLY trying hard not to get sick. But my throat hurts and I keep sneezing.  
I'm really trying to #bing more but I'm dissapointed really often. I had forgotten that search (or decision) engines weren't calculators. 
I'm really wanting the iPhone 3.0 OS update, but won't have internet access this afternoon during the rumored release time   #iPhone
I'm really wishing I didn't have to go to the dentist 
I'm REALLY wishing I was at 360Flex 
im really worried about my Mathematics subjects, im really not into numbers that much. 
I'm really worried about these horrid allergies -- have to sing in a recital tomorrow and my throat feels like shit 
i'm really, REALLY sad  yesterday my aunt passed away  i miss her so much.
I'm reallythinking about croc heels..but it might rain 
im realy exicting when he's online but as soon he's ofline, again 
Im realy Sik 
im rebelling against doing housework! im going to do my homework instead! aha geek 
I'm reduced to putting &quot;bad stuff&quot; only on Twitter... My mother is finally using her Facebook account... She commented on a note I had. 
i'm reeeaaalllyyy bored! the browsers are still not working! kill me! 
i'm reeeeaaallly chilly  xo
I'm reminded how much I miss Pushing Daisies. Thanks ABC for at least airing the last 3 eps. I miss you PD. 
I'm removing twitters that no add me  I'm not bad but if I add you must add me, so take remove :S :'(
I'm reporting on a horrible rape and abuse case between inmates at the Boys Ranch juvenile detention place outside of Wichita.  very sad.
I need a heating pad! econd chiropractic apt. hurt really bad   also wanna  watch a decent movie but all my DVDs are packed for the move
I NEED A HOB  lmao.. House bunny... but seriously. i need a job 
I NEED A HOLE PUNCH 
I need a holidaaaaayy!! Please 
I need a hug  I wish somehow someone could let me know that everything is gonna be alright
i need a hug  revision sucks ballz tbh. xo!
I need a hug !! Haha 
I need a hug from someone im not related to 
I need a hug really bad right now 
I need a hug really badly 
I NEED A HUG! 
I need a hug.. 
I need a hug...and less cynicism. It's making me depressed. 
I need a job 
I need a job &amp; I need a new phone. The voyager &amp; I aren't workin out anymore 
I need a job!  , rlly now my wallet has nothing =(
I need a job! Someone hire me. 
I NEED A JOB!!!!   all i do is sit around the house!! errr
i need a job!!!! big time!!!   theres no use in babysitting  
I need a job. I need some shoes. I need some clothes. And I really need a HUG 
I need a jobbbb just applied at walmart and six flags/hurricane harbor.. Please call meeeee 
I need a laptop. 
I need a less stressing and less frustrating job. 
I need a life  apparently :p
I need a longer weekend 
I need a lunch buddy 
I NEED a mac.. 
I need a male date- had to fly solo  http://twitpic.com/4we1z
i need a manicure...im sorry nails ! 
i need a massage my neck hurts  800 down, 1700 to go ughhhh
I need a massage or something 
I need a massage! 
i need a massage, my back is killing me!!! stupid bad back.  never did find one on the black market....
I need a massageeeeeee asap 
I need a math tutor, I haaatteee math 
i need a mcfly intake!!!....only 6 months to wait  ...HURRY UP! NOVEMBER!!!
I need a minute.. Ahh! 
I need a monster! No time to get one  work boo  but I had a Great time last night!
I need a nap 
I need a nap before work, it won't happen! 
i need a nap but i have such weird dreams whenever i do and then whoever calls and wakes me up has to listen about them 
I need a nap!  
I need a nap, but I won't be getting one 
i need a nap. and i need my patrick wolf cd to get here. 
i need a nap. then going back to canadian lakes to work 
I need a new alternator... Not as bad as Chelsea's tranny but still mo' money than I wanted it to be  otherwise today is a good day.
I'm ridiculously tired  Dont like being up and awake this early, it's no fun
I'm ridiculously tired and I have studying to do  test 2 next week yippee! :-/
Im right there with you.. 
I'm rlly rlly mad at my mom! I hate where I live tooo!!! 
I'm rotting at TM Point, Batu Berendam. Someone bring me food! 
I'm running late like a douchebag, my own fault for waking up late 
I'm running low on College Humor videos. HELP ME! 
I'm running on only 45 minutes of sleep.  help 
im s0o0o sorry miranda  JOSH RAMSAY YUR S0OO HOT ;)
I'm sad  *enter the smallest violin in the world* http://bit.ly/vpDDk
im sad  lol while everyone gets 2 spend time with their families on mothers day my mom and sis r at work and my dad is sleping lol 
I'm sad  My friend and her BF broke up after nine months because somesaid she was cheating on him =/
I'm sad  my hubby is going to 29 palms...tnx marine corp..
I'm sad  Selena has only been nominated for ONE category. Red Carpet Icon. She sooooo should've been nominated for Best TV Actress!!!!
i'm sad  why do i wait until the last minute.. 
im sad  why do ppl have to be so clueless!!!
I'm sad @kacisloss is leaving today. I should have told her it wasn't possible to change her flight. 
I'm sad @serahmargret didn't call me on her split....and @annamarie4b didn't answer 
Im sad ='[ why did parents have to be so difficult  , GOSH i hate life, why couldnt i be american? I have the eurge to DANCE (:
Im sad 1 tear ago today the dog i got for my first b-day died... 
I'm sad about jon and kate..srsly the media made everything a lot worse! I hate when the media turns vicious..its really scary.. 
I'm sad about missed the TWTRCON 
i'm sad about the obvious &quot;announcement&quot; being a divorce on monday's jon and kate 
I'm sad because I don't make up creative tweets like @owlcity does 
i woke up cuddling with my dog.  i did NOT want to get up  boo work!!
i woke up earlier than i wanted to thanks to Prince  parade todayy
i woke up early and i feel like shit  this octopus flu is getting ridiculous. lkasgjksa;lga
I woke up early and thought about school 
I woke up early just to check the weather... still raining heavily for four consecutive days! I guess it's all of the climate change. 
I woke up early this morning to get my permit only to realize they're not opening til 10! 
I woke up erlier...^^ 1 p.m. XDDDD I think it's still to late... 
i woke up from a bad dream. 
I woke up just realizing my history paper is due like... Tomorrow  i didn't start it.
I woke up L8 and had no tym to get ready I wanna cry 
I woke up late and I feel like poo...*sigh* it's off to work I go. 
I woke up late for work. Again. 
i woke up late today, 11:40. so now i feel like i can't get anything done  though i have this photo of a flower i just took. i'll paint it
I woke up missing the fucktard 
I woke up nd I realized I hav a lot of hw nd a lot of shit to study for! Damnn!! 
I woke up not even five minutes ago and i'm already on the bus. I have no cigarettes and i really need one. I hate running late 
I woke up omg so horny and sadly alone 
I woke up really early and can't get back to sleep.  Sundays are supposed to be for sleeping in.
i woke up super sleepy ugh  dead
I woke up thinking today was saturday. Its most definitely not   &lt;3 Chrissy
I woke up this morning and thought it was Saturday 
I woke up this morning clouded with my doubts, I wanted to hear you calling my name out 
I woke up this morning thinking it is Saturday 
I woke up this morning with a puffy left eye. It kind of hurts too.    It's not red or anything like pinkeye, just swollen underneath.
I need a new Bench body spray! I'm running out of it! It smells so nice and it's perfect for summer! Too bad they only sell it in PhilIy 
I need a new book to read  I wish waterstones stocked john green. I don't feel like paying ï¿½30 shipping.
I need a new bottle of hairspray 
I need a new camera 
I need a new camera   My camera was destroyed
i need a new camera.... 
I need a new car 
i need a new car... and thatâ€™s not me just saying it.. i actually need one 
i need a new cell phone... mine is dying 
I need a new circle of friends all mines are in Boston they left me  ...wait I should go visit them
I need a new computer stat. Mine is falling apart as I am writing this!! Poor wolfgang is going to die soon probably 
I need a new computer, mostly to play TS3. 
i need a new default pic 
I need a new fm transmitter for my ipod...... now I can't listen to it in my car 
I need a new gym membership 
I need a new head for my driver. I'm broke today.... 
I need a new iPhone case but I am broke. 
i need a new job!!! that will be willing to wait 2 weeks so i can do the decent thing and give my shit job notice   hate orlando right now
I need a new journal 
I need a new laptop/desktop  Where can I get one REALLY cheap?
i need a new membership cuz i'm tired of looking at the same ole linearts ...  if only i had money lol
I need a new motherboard. 
I need a new nose 
I need a new outlook on life!!! 
I need a new phone  Although... Trinidad in app. 10 daays. June 29th is going to be the start of a wicked vacation.
i need a new phone  my phone keeps on dying
I need a new phone already  or i needa go to the store and see if they'll fix mine o.O
I need a new phone!!  this one is startin to really suck
I need a new phone. My ok button is broken and i cant really text people back 
I need a new plastic cover thing for my iPhone  mine is soooo done
I need a new theme for my jave... Where can I get it? Everybody says mine's sucks..  http://myloc.me/4PCy
i need a new thumbdrive badly. they contain JoBros' songs. i dont want to lost it 
I need a new twitter client, good ol' tweetie is playing up 
I need a nice boyfriend. 
i need a nice bright cardi for tonight, i wish id brought that one from topshop now 
I need a passport by June 10th  any suggestions ???
I need a personal assistant.. 
I need a phone charger quick or else i will have no access to anyone outside of work! carl.gaffney@asb.co.nz if u don't hear from me 
I woke up this morning, and my whole face was swelling!!! Going to the doctor to have this looked at. 
I woke up through the night after having a scary dream and my dog wasn't there to comfort me so I felt sad. 
i woke up to laundry being thrown at me. 
I woke up to my ankle being randomly swollen...I'm not sure why. I'm a little confused and sore 
i woke up too early  6.30am. i can't fall asleep. blah.
I woke up too early.  dropping Becca off at parkland for her biology class..no idea what me and my mom are going to do when She's in class
i woke up too late to get them pre sale tickets  oh well. ill jus get them tomorrow wen the regular sale starts.. sssiiiiiigggghhhhh
I woke up toooo early got 3 hours to kill in barcelona before I leave what should I do? Shops are closed... 
I wOkE uP wAy To EaRlY  
I woke up with a headache 
I woke up with a massive headache &amp; I still have to go to class 
I woke up with a sore throat  Work tonight. Grad practice in the morning, hanging with family, then GRADUATING FROM HIGH SCHOOL
I woke up with a tic under my left eye half an hour ago and it hasn't gone away yet 
i woke up with my dog licking my face 
I woke up, and I am STILL tired. I'm glad that I went to bed early. 
I woke with an insane headache this morning. 
I WON TICKETS TO SEE LINKIN PARK!!!!!!! ON MONDAY! Too bad I've got and exam and the show is in America   
i need a pic for twitter n i cnt put 1 on at the mo 
i need a pick-me-up 
i need a place in new york that wont cost me a fortune.. i know good luck right 
i need a place to lie down! Hmmmm, it may be too early now...but i NEED it, believe me!  #stiffness&amp;more #fatigue&amp;more
I need a plan to workout 
I need a plumber to fix my leaking nose. So not fun having to get a tissue every few minutes. 
I need a quiet place to rewind and reestablish myself. I'm so broken inside and I need help. 
i need a quuality threshhold on my twitter 
I need a repair man for my fridge ASAP! Water is leaking from underneath!! Every emergency 24 hr service is not calling me back 
I need a reset button for my life 
i need a rest... majorly.. just a day of rest. sunday maybe 
I need a ride home and no one is answering  Someone get me out of this fucking town!
I need a routine again!!!!!  bleh
I need a second monitor... I can't handle managing the windows with only one 
I need a sleep aid... I came home and slept from 7 to 9:30 and now I'm just up... 
I need a stupid job 
I need a superman my superman doesnt wanna help me 
I need a sweet loving gf 
i need a tan 
I Need A texting Buddy Im Bored 
I need a think off button please 
I NEED A THRMOS 
I need a tommy fix i havent seen him or worked with him what seems like for ever 
I need a toothbrush! this new one is staining my teeth   
I need a towel for my shower and I can't find one 
i NEED a trim, my bangs are so grown out they dont do theyre thang no mo 
i need a tripod 
I need a TV in the bathroom. 
I need a update for my phone  ubertwitter doesn't work
I need a vacation from my weekend. 
I need a vacation, but I have too many responsibilities. 
I need a water bottle/cup next to me though, I can't stop coughing!!! 
I need a way to get to the kid liberty show tonight  any takers?
I need a weekend from my weekend ~ I'm tired 
I need a wordpress plugin that'll make my twitter status my blogtagline. There isn't one. And I have no program fu. 
i need adrian. dumb hoe's asleep 
I wonder  if the school will be open after Monday?...I'm a little under the weather... 
I wonder how boost is doing 
I wonder how effective these street preachers are....   http://twitpic.com/67qhz
I wonder how long till someone calls the police for my neighbours party 
I wonder how many times I'll be interrupted today, and thus achieve very little 
I wonder how many took the time to get out their flag and fly it yesterday? I know not many in our area!   
I wonder how this twitter thing works. everything seems fine, but then things take a different turn! 
I wonder if @eAweezy is still alive? haven't heard from that kid in ages 
I wonder if all non-traditional graduating college seniors go through a depression, or is it just me. 
i wonder if bat for lashes is doing a tour, not that i'll be going, noone will go with me, and i can't go on my own 
I wonder if Goblin and Zil got into a fight. they donâ€™t seem to talk anymore.  http://tumblr.com/xdr23f59b
I wonder if I lost all my progress on Mafia Wars and Vampires 
i wonder if I'llhave the time to celebrate my birthday this weekend 
I wonder if my boyfriend will talk to me today... 
I wonder if my camping trip birthdays gonna fall through, me and my buddy havent really chilled to talk about it 
i wonder if my cell will let me go online tonight. doesnt matter ill be in bed soon enough 
I wonder if my mom is lying to me again. 
i wonder if my pain could chill out for abit so i could get some sleep but i doubt it cause it never does 
I wonder if the farmers will come dwntwn today what with the thunderstorms  i was looking forward to some red snapper &amp; fresh veggies.
I need Advil ASAP! 
I need Air Con in here! Wayyy too hot, even with both windows open 
I need all the good energy I can get!!!!! 
I need an exercise partner 
I need an external microphone that works 
I need an IPod with more GB 
I need another cup of cafe befrore I began work... 
I need another gig ASAP! 
I need another haircut already.  stupid fast growing hair!!!
i need another nap..i'm dragging over here 
I need assistance finding the CURRENT Kidd Kraddick show on iheartradio 
I need boyfriend, girl friend, boy friend, anything.. 
i need cage nuts for a Rittal DK 7160 rack, not normal nuts and don't know where to get them 
I Need Cheering up, Can Anyone call Donnie Walhberg and ask him to Call me and make me feel better, &lt;3 
i need cheese with my facsettiiii O's. i sooo procrastinating on the studying  movies @steeezen house tonight if you're downnnnn
I need Choclate.. Cadbury bar.. Kitkat.. Godiva.. having a crave attack 
I need chocolates. Lots and lots of chocolates. Stringer Bell is dead. 
I need coffee! **Argh!** votes please  ?
i need coffee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Coffee @ 2:30 in the mornin!   but I need to stay up or I'm gonna miss my flight! LOL
I need coffee. But early this morning, my tummy won't bear it.. 
i need coffee... the weekend was awful... i better get me some tea... 
i need coke.. like now 
I need cold water!! its soo hot!! 
i need color pallettes! ugh ..... i want bright kawii color pallettes .. i used to have one but i can't find it 
i need comfort.. 
I need crediiiiit, how'd it run out so fast 
I need dinner but I'm still waiting for a fax from work.  Also I have no food. Attn! Need partner who cooks. I am inept. lol
I need extra hugs and kisses today. 
I NEED FOLLOWERS  HAHAHAH
I need followers! 
I need followers, I just have 8  Help me!!
I need food. I'm craving L &amp; L Hawaiian BBQ badly. Too far away 
I need food. It took an hour to get to work this morning. Leaving me no time to get my morning coffee and bagel 
i need food. yoga class was too long. missed train. 
i wonder if there's a &quot;Crop Circle virus&quot; i can send to my partners farm coz he spends more time in FarmTown than with me. 
I wonder if they will keep the fee after refunding the money. If so I am out of $2.79 probably. 
I wonder if you have the urge to talk to me. But i doubt so 
i wonder wen iz wal-mart walk 4 miracles iz  iz it dis weeek coming? i wonder if i should skip skool muhahahahaha!!!!
i wonder what its like to have it all . to never be afraid that i wld fall. feeling sad right now. 
i wonder what will happen next? i wish something good will come soon. 
I wonder when @Rove1974 is on tonight. Missed it last week due to time change. 
i wonder when i'll be able to spell disappeared without firefox correcting me. 
I wonder when is this rain gonna stop? is there a low pressure somewhere?  
I wonder when nathan is going to talk to me next? its been 5 whole days since he last spoke to me 
i wonder where he is 
I wonder where is the &quot;Take a Picture&quot; in messages on OS 3.0 can't find it 
I wonder where Jenna is. She hasn't talked since Lindsay left. Maybe she doesn't love me! 
I wonder where the allgames people are...... I know they are here..... 
I wonder who that anomynous txt was from! still had no reply 
I wonder who that thomasvanvliet is. Maybe you can help me, because I've just inherited $20000000! Can't withdraw it 
i wonder why i can't upload a profile pic here in twitter. help please! 
I wonder why it is that you add yourself to a heap of 'we follow' categories only to check at a later date and see your not even there 
i wonder why the follow count is going DOWN? i will never get to follow anyone until i dont have this limit.#ff  
i wonder why they give you a set number of characters you can type...its kinda like limiting... 
i wonder y http://ajax.googleapis.com/ redirects to google english 
I NEED Fox News to truly address the demise of small businesses, please. Without small business, our country is done 
i need friends   and help...
I need friends for twitter 
I need friends on this shit 
i need friends who will share in my delight at the resort 10 collections 
i need help  im confused on this card!
I need help Twitter world! Orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy? 
i need help wit my pictureeee it doesnt wanna show 
I need help, my uber twitter won't let me upload imagessssss 
I need higher order integrators for Hamiltonian systems 
I NEED him back! I miss him 
i need hot milo, fluffy pillow, comfy bed and my mother. 
I need I.D. for tonight 
i need ideas of what to eat ...im soo hungryy!!!  x
i need inflatable neck pillow for the bus journey there la  i'm auntie like that. WHERE ISSIT
i need inspiration, something to get me writing  1.9.09|ily&lt;3
i need inspiration. i need a new layout for miss hudgens. i need help.  morning btw.
i need insurance... so sick of being turned down because of CONTROLLED seizures! that's actually what all the letters have said 
I need Jordan and Chocolate  xxx &lt;3
I need Kate online 
I need loveeeeeee 
I need massive prayers/hugs/good wishes. supposed to see sis and her kidlet tomorrow and I have a raging fever today for no reason. 
i need me a limewire like vessel for new tunes. limewire no work no more 
I need me a new fancy cell phone like the hub's. Mine sucks 
I need medicine or pills for my head, chest, throat, nose, and stomach 
I need milk 
I need money 
i need money  i wish cars weren't so expensive.
i need money to pay for insurance...  so sad.
i need money, i CANNOT! miss this concert, not again 
I need money, I really want that Nokia 5800 
i need money, i'm never going to be able to afford my holiday 
I need money. 
I need monies. I wanna go Shanghai. I wanna go Korea. I wanna go Korea 
I need more batteries 
I need more blue. 
i need more concerts to go to, i miss my ftsk boys 
i need more followers   //Oh &amp;new songs coming soons!can any one help me get in touch w/Lil mama right quick?
i need more followers and follow more people, where is everyone from here 
I need more followers to beat stephen  lol
i need more followers! 
i need more followers!!!  xx
I need more followers, I seem to just lose them 
I wonder... WHY WHY WHY WHY Did you runawayyyyyy Ainda nÃ£o acredito nisso! Helio de la PeÃ±a sortudo, s ou Ã³bvio 
I won't be a teenager anymore 
i won't be able to Myspace, Tweet, Facebook anymore because i'm going to Louisiana and my mom doesn't have internet 
I won't be able to see the final!  I will be travelling back from Mumbai. I hope Federer wins it and equals Sampras. He deserves it.
i wont be able to see you today  i miss you.
I won't be attending Grand Old Day to see @CaseyGolden and company due to having to work  #fb
I wont be available for work for a month or so, sorry 
I wont be on probably for two weeks  unless i go to my cousins house. Ill be in grants for two weeks!  (The promise is yours!)
I won't be on the Social Nerdia Show! today    BUT you should check it out anyways. http://www.blogtalkradio.com/socialnerdia
I won't be posting a Morning Twitter Link Round up today. Didn't find enough good links.  Maybe something later today.
I wont be seeing my mother for another week  cause i wont be good when she returns 
i wont c my dad this fathers day,i miss him  
I won't even have time to see my Gunnito today.... 
I Won't Even Start 
I won't go too far into my rant about why these people are deluded if they think Harry Potter is evil ( and is anything less than a loose allegory of the Bible.
I won't have a phone until tomorrow, FUCK YOU ATT. Customer service is closed on Sundays 
I won't have my boyfriend back til 3am. 
I won't have my serger until Monday now...    one of the loopers needs to be replaced.  I have lots of fabulous tulle and can't make tutus
I won't respond her. 
I won't sleep today, I'll study study and study! 
I won't to find my dad but I can't 
i won't trust again... 
I won't update my status as soon as I used to be. Nilaiku jelek  ga bisa sering2 online..huhuhuhu nasib(
I wore 4in heels tonight for seven hours and my feet are killing me 
I wore my red flats to work today so i could magically go home when i wanted. I think theyre broken 
I work  and i'm on call two days that week. what about June 6th or 7th? We could go crazy in the dells! And about Mj..i like his glove
i work 12 hour shifts in a busy ER and then it takes me sooo long to catch up on sleep 
i work for a uni &amp; we aren't gettin this lovely 3 day wknd so many people speak of  tho our vaca time makes up for it so won't complain
I work in 7 hours and I'm not sleeping yet. FML haha Tuesday needs to be here. 
I work in one hour 
I need more followerss. 
I need more food. 
I need more friends on here!!! 
I need more friendz  
I need more girlfriends in my life.  I miss being able to call someone a couple times a day to just to chit chat. Boo.
I need more idea's for tattoo's, I'm running out of idea's 
I need more practice in badminton! Won 1 out of 3 games. 
i need more room on my mp3....   do you guys know any good bands worthy of my mp3???
I need more shelves! Dont have enough space for my books and DVDs 
I need more sleep... ahhhh! Allie's getting here soon, then heading midtown for a 1 o'clock call. Closing night. 
I need more spymasters, can't play it any longer 
I need more thinkin power to bad tv took it 
I need more time yo! 24/7 is not enough 
I need more twitter friends 
I need more twitter friends.  Happy Mother's Day!  
I need more twitter friends. I'm checking this far too often and find nothing new 
i need more vacation 
I need more vegemite toast 
I need motivation to write....where will it come from? Not sad so its hard to write 
I need motivation! 
I need music. . .sweet. . .soft. . .music. My head is killing me .  
I need my baby like crazy I just miss her so much it sucks 
I need my best friend  i am so sick
i need my best friend back - i need someone 
I need my best friends 
i need my bestfriend 
i need my bff's @franickforever &amp; @crazylife44 i miss them 
I need my brand of OTH! N-O-W!  but I can't. ( until tonight..when my mum gets home... :-w X(
I need my car back 
I need my Disney funny!!! 
i need my ex-BF.. wadduuhh 
I NEED MY FOOD SUBSIDY 
i need my friend at my side right now, too bad she isn't even close. 
I need my hair to look pretty for Thursday and Friday but how will that happen when it's supposed to pour outside?! 
I NEED MY ITOUCH! 
I need my laptop back 
I need my license. 
I NEED MY LICENSE. that's not a want, it really has to happen like, NOW 
I need my Lil Trini Boy 
I need my Mac, like now.... 
I need my mac2 
I need my mateo ! 
I need my night time driver!! 
I NEED MY OTHER HALF  GAVE AWAY SOME DISNEY TIX I GOT FOR FREE LOL
I need my Selena  I miss you @playinblackkeys !!
I need my twin 
I need my Urbe 
i worked 9-11 and napped 11:15-4  something is wrong with that equation.
I worked in a pet store and people would ask how big I would get......... 
I worked out like a fiend on Fri. Weigh in is Sat. am. I just don't think i've  lost any weight and I've tried so hard all week.  
I worked six hours today. 
I worry A LOT. So when the news said possible #swineflu in school district next town over - I freaked. Oldest went back 2 school today 
I worry about her and her eating problems and i wish @jonasbrothers would talk to her about how unfun diabetes is 
I worry Neda's death has been in vain. 
i worry too much sometimes. 
i wosh i could have gone running today. 
I would *love* to be asleep right now!  
I would *love* to be aslep right now!  
I would also like to add that I was woken at 5am by my cat being sick at the bottom of my bed  (it went out the window in style).
I would also like to know the truth. 
I would be in my house at this time!!! 
I would be lost without my computer  I love SHAW
I would be lost without my ï£« BB (sorry just testing special characters) it works woo I feel so special and extra geeky now 
I would be really interested in watching &quot;More to Love&quot; if they don't talk about weight the whole time... but it doesn't look like it 
I would be sad if I lost my teddybear   http://twitpic.com/7wczk
i would be watching CI but i don't like the new ones that much their not the same 
I would but i have school tomorrow  but thanks for the invite! Next time im down!
I would do a #FollowFriday, but everyone on my list is already on everyone elses list so what's the point?  I'm just not popular enough.  
i would do anything if i could sit next to you and watch tv with you @mileycyrus but i guess thats not going to happen, oh well 
I would do it! But my mommy is at work  so i have no way to your house poop
I would follow everyone but my blackberry is dumb and it won't let me click the follow button. Sorry 
i would fucking marry this song. also, i think i've ripped chris 
I would give anything to go to Disney soon  In the meantime, taking my little ones to the drive-in tonight to see UP with Ian 
i would give everything to see u smile  http://plurk.com/p/z5v14
I would give my right eye for someone to talk to right now.  fml.
I would give you more Kudos on this blog but you had to go and talk about AWFUL brokeback mountain...
I would go green in support of democracy in the  #iranelection if I had a scoobydoo how to!!!!!! grr   why am I such a techno-dunce???? 
i need my Westley to come save me 
I need new earphones 
i need new earphones! mine's breaking. 
I need new friends  it's my birthday today we were supposed to go out tonight and they all flaked 
i need new glasses...mines is hangnon 1 arm 
i need new gym gloves, their ripping 
i need new headphones for my ipod. i can't hear out of the right ear. i really liked those headphones 2. 
I NEED new iPhone headphones  The remote doesnt work anymore. Are there any good non-In Ear phones that don't make you look like a douche?
i need new music   http://bit.ly/J43cO
I need new NYC friends 'cause all of mine are bouncin'. 
I need new shoes badly 
I need new txt buddies                any takers??
I need orange juice! My vodka will be lonely otherwise 
i need other pic 
i need ppl to text me with there numbers i lost al mine  booo. i hate painting garden furniture. 
I need proper food! I'm sick of toast and tea 
I need RL friends with young children  Night all
i need sex. i need to stop drinking. i will not be doing either tonight  http://twurl.nl/saafs3
I need skincare not color 
I need sleeeeep  it's 4am
I need sleep  why is it so difficult for me to fall asleep?
i need sleep! hahaha party party party...great party, but where my boyfriend was? far away for me...so far away!  xoxo &lt;VITOR3
I need slepp...zzz  was only working @ this sssh...paper eww. when can I sing again?best wishes
i need some advice    I can't forget my ex-boyfriend!!  I dunnoo What to do!!!!
I NEED SOME ADVICE....MY EX WANT ME TO COME SEE HIM TONIGHT BUT I DO BUT I DONT LOLZ BUT I KNO WHERE THIS COULD GO...NOT REALLY BUT Ugh 
I need some aftersun 
I need some chocolate  can somebody bring me some??? lol
I need some DRANK &amp; &quot;GRAPE KONTAKT&quot; from my girlies  lol SOOOO SERIOUS!
i need some followers  im lonely over here....
I need some followers on here can some1 help me 
I need some followers. 
i need some food nothing in the house at all........    .......
I need some friends on here 
I need some good breakfast. Some West Indian ish.... I miss Brooklyn 
I need some good meds to make me sleep cuz being an insomniac sucks when ur in a hotel room and both of ur friends r asleep 
i would hate to have my head in a water box 
I would have thought 10 days advance order w/ 2 day shipping would have it here before my honeymoon, but I guess that's not reasonable 
i would help u @die_lavish but u haven't shown any follow love in return  ...lol
I would hit myself in the face with my binder. Now it's bleeding  i'm doopid.
i would kill for some reese's pieces  #nomnom
I would like Chinese food for dinner.  Only problem .. best restaurant in town closed 
I would like my sunburn to go away, my shoulders hurt 
I would like myst on my iphone but I can't find a working cracked version anywhere 
I would like to apologize for the repeated Video Games Live related tweets. I am going to have a stern discussion with Koodo soon. Stern. 
I would like to ask everyone to pray for the Air Frane flight 447 and the missing passengers. That's sooo sad! 
I would like to get Invisalign to fix some spaces in my teeth, but too expensive. 
I would like to go back to sleep but can't 
I would like to have a bestie. . . 
I would like to have a vacation... but I don't ever get any time off. 
I would like to have an iPhone so much. ItÂ´s so great. But it costs so much here in Germany. 
I would like to have one night of sleep where I don't wake up 80 times throughout the night ughhhh 
I would like to kill the writers of Brokeback Mountain for ruining my image of cowboys!..
I would like to know why EVERYONE thinks I look like sanjaya 
i would like to learn really basic xcode or dashcode, i just dont get it when reading on web 
I would like to runaway from this city right now, thank you very much 
I would like to say good morning tweets!! If your not up get your butt up and go to church. I need to be at church but I had to work.  
I would like to send a shout out to my mom.  I love you to death, but my entire iTunes library is ruined. WHY?!  
I would like to state, for the record, that I HATE this friggin' sunshine 
i would like to tell twitter that due to my crappy computer i can never have skype. i feel left out 
I would looove some &quot;in n out&quot; I miss them burgers. Damnnnn! 
I would love for one band I like to come to Halifax this fall. Pretty please? I am in concert withdrawl 
I would love it if my Sims 3 would work 
I would LOVE some LG12M right about now!!!!!!!! 
i would love to be home in baby bears arms right meow. my body hurtie. 
I would love to be swept off my feet just once by a knight in shining armor.  No knights here though, just ogres. 
I would love to but i cant 
I would love to go to bed now but Im not even close to sleepy 
I would pay generous amounts of money to get a good night's sleep... 
i would post a twitpic but my webcam wont work 
I would quite like to fall asleep, right about nowwww 
I would rather be at the Riverside watching the #cricket, than at home studying  http://ff.im/-2YgKA
I would rather be in France with Soph right now than pretending to be productive 
I would really enjoy it if my email would decide to work so I can check it. 
I would really like some good daytime TV 
I'm sad because I know if I were a celebrity chef, I would be Paula Deen. I love butter! 
I'm sad because I'm not goona be with my father.  But I'm wishing him a good Fathers Day and all the Fathers here! Happy Fathers Day!
I'm sad because my best friend Brittany is not coming over tomorrow. 
I'm sad cause my lacrosse game got canceled.  it sucks a lot and im bored.
i'm sad coz our basketball training was canceled for today... 
I'm sad cuz I always been sending messages to @mcflyharry (even when he wasn't using twitter) and he DOESN'T reply me  I'm a loseeeer :'(
I'm sad david cook's brother died 
I'm sad every time i look at my fish named Aklaba 
I'm sad for Alex Wong 
I'm sad for all the Aussie fans....I know the guys would make it work if they could.  
im sad i didnt go see paramore 
I'm sad I didn't see the mtv movie awards last night I live in France 
Im sad i dont get to see the new moon trailor until tomorrow night, being from the uk can be a bad thing 
i'm sad i don't have to go to my internship today  soo now what am i gonna do??
I'm sad I had to leave my teacher, actually. 
im sad i look between the ages of 14-16 when im fucking 19. 
I'm sad in a mellow way. It's like the world's on a bullet train &amp; I'm walking. I just wish I had someone who'd walk with me. 
I'm sad Jay is leaving. 
im sad just found out my high-school crush is married    so sad!!!!
I'm sad like Lebron 
I'm sad my crush have a crush... 
I'm sad now    I didn't go on to This show to nanny???? I lose...
I'm sad now  (heads to liquor store)
IM sad now  I miss this small rinky dink town called Sugar Land, TX..its my home...*cry cry*
im sad now  Miss.Lilly
Im sad shes leaving tomorrow..... 
i'm sad someone cheer me up 
I'm sad that #Without a trace will be canceled.  One of greatest tv series.
I'm sad that Apple took down the links that allowed access to the new TV/Movies section of mobile iTunes. I wanted to have a look 
I'm sad that Formula 1 isn't what it used to be 
I'm sad that I can't contact Jennifer Beals. She sent me that wonderful letter and that amazing poster, but I couldn't even thank her. 
I'm sad that I only have a little over a week left on my vacation! 
I'm sad that I only have one more day to spend with all my friends in Columbus. How time does fly. 
I'm sad that I was like the only one not invited to my friends graduation party.  Like the only one.  What did I do. 
I'm sad that Jon&amp;Kate are getting divorced, and the shows over. What are Tomis&amp;I going to gossip about now?! 
I'm sad that Max will be home late. 
Im sad that my bff doesn't love me anymore 
I'm sad that Susan Boyle didn't win Britain's Got Talent. 
i'm sad that the cute boy was only here to try and sell me trackpants 
I'm sad that the lions lost 
i'm sad that this is my last night in Maui  but i'm gonna make the most of it!
i would really like to get out of here. feel misanthropic. 
i would really like to know why everyone that pre-ordered the album got it and i did not. 
I would really like to read some good news for a change today - Ohio Libraries closing, Ed McMahon RIP, crazy politicians in AB 
I would really REALLY like to be seeing Patrick Wolf tonight at the Mod Club 
I would say add me on facebook but I dont have an URL. 
i would say wine too, but i never get past two sips of anything lately and i refuse to waste anymore alcohol. 
I would weigh about 400 lbs on jupiter  fatty fatterson
i would, but..... 
i woulda been on my way to the 02 right now if seetickets didn't mess up  gutted
i wouldnt mind going alone since i know the place prreeeeetty well. . .but i'd hv no1 to go clubbing with meeeeeee!!!!! 
I wouldn't mind some sunshine and a walk. Where are you, summer?? 
I wouldve really enjoyed seeing Lakers vs Cavs in the finals but I'll live 
I would've wifed @KiyastarW ... if only she would have me! 
I wrecked my car texting and driving!!!!  I guess thats why it's illegal 
I wrestled that chaco taco out of his poor little boy  hands. Sorry 
i written another song and now, i am terribly bored !!! 
i wrote a short story LAST night &amp; seems i didnt save it ! NOW it is NOT in my memory any more!!! trying to find that inspiration again 
i wrote a song entitled 'Getting Over You'... 
I wrote another song about him 
i wrote on the wall here and they painted over it. 
I wrote this song..but I need sumbody to make a hot beat for me 
I need some hope 
i need some hot green tea  I cant sleep  ....
i need some hot sauce 4 this spagetti..who n ypsi? @robthesigma @djmobeatz @kikilp @ANYONE? im desperate 
i need some ice cream. and i need SAR!!  i miss her!!  going to my room. to play piano..and think.
i need some luck to book my tickets through irctc.co.in!!! 
I need some more 600 thread count sateen queen sized sheets for my bed 
i need some more pussy 
I need some motivating words  just got in a car accident...
I need some motivation in my life, oh and some love would be nice too 
I need some motivation to stay awake . . Im about to fall asleep and I have tons of studying 
I need some new friends!!! None of mine hang out with me 
I need some new friends!!!! I love my current ones but they just arent fun anymore. 
I need some Sensodyne.  Having sensitive teeth SUCKS.
I need some serious councilling today! 
I need some snugs and this cat ain't cuttin it.  - http://mobypicture.com/?ei2uwq
I need some Twiends. 
I need some Tylenol 
I need somebody 
I need someone tall to help me paint 
I need someone to fuck my tight hole 
i need someone to give me a big bear hug, lift me up &amp; crack my back 
I need someone to love. 
i need someone to make my  internet life look pretty 
I need someone to pick me up and carry me to my bed  ..... And then leave...lol
i need someone to talk 
i need someone to teach me how to drive. dad's always busy 
I need someone to watch my yorkie. 
I need someone who knows to fix Macs. I don't want to sell my iBook G4 on eBay for parts!!! 
i need something big to happen 
I need something exciting to happen  Xo
i need something exciting to happen ... life is so mediocre right now 
I need something I can paint in on the computer. I need it. 
I need something or someone 
I need something to cheer me up 
I need something to cure the boredom that I unfortunately have 
I need something to do. I am really bored 
I need something to do. It looks like it's going to rain again today 
I need something to pull me out of an emotional slump I'm starting to fall into. Any suggestions? 
I need something to reduce this stomach pains....   
I need something to watch... there's nothing on tv 
I need something wonderful to happen really soon. All this bad news is really bumming me out 
i need somewhere to sleep 
I Wsh Ppl were on and would talk to me 
I wuda never known about chucky cheese (charles hamilton) if it wasn't for @ledoubleny..      thanks le?
i yawned so hard that the gum in my mouth fell out  (via @xmimmie)
i&quot;m going crazy!!! somebody PLEEEZE help me!!! i can't upload my pic!! 
I&quot;M so bored I want to buy a new book !!!!!! but i have no licensease 
I, Like a toddler fight sleep to the death. Usually, sleep wins 
I. Am. Awake. My brother is such a dork, he has Justin Timberlake on his twitter. And I feel like I haven't seen my sister in forever 
I. Am. So. Fucking. Sick      I wanna dieeeeeee
I. FEEL. LIKE. RUBBISH. Hayfever/cold/man-flu all rolled into one. Early bed for me tonight. 
I. Feel. So. Sick. I hate acid reflux 
I. Hate. Ants. 
I. HAVE. ENOUGH. OF. BRITISH. LITERATURE 
i. miss. zefron. 
I. Missed. the. Tonys. 
I. TWISTED. MY. PINKIE. ARRRRGH. I hate being clumsy, and I hate EDS! Â¬Â¬' hurts from the finger to the wrist. WTF! 
I. Want. To. Cuddle. 
I... Want... Georg! Daddy ? I miss ya. 
I...AM...SO...TIRED 
I...really, really want a shinigami costume. And a big sword.  Really. Desperately. Want!
I...won't be able to play the Sims 3 without a laptop upgrade 
i.cant.stand.internet.explorer. 
I.m so sad lauren won.t be on the hills anymore! 
i?C.B+T.H|| Everyone is like, leaving 
i?C.B+T.H|| Ima have to sit there for an hour. Poo. 
I@cherbear100 I feel horrible 
I`m a newbie here. Will someone help me? 
I`m bored again!!!  What should I do now?
I`m bored.  I`ve been online since I woke up. :| There`s nothing to doooo.
I`m feeling a little 
I`M GONNA TRY TO SLEEP excited for the activities lined up this year! :&quot;&gt; gonna be a busy year! 
i`m having a hard time, finding shoes. 
I need somewhere to sleep tonight!!! In duarte!!! Anyoneee!? LOL  http://myloc.me/4oY4
I need steel fucking plates around my house and a really intense security system to have peace of mind at night. I have neither. Ugh 
i need sum sleep and sumtime to think....qotta do whats best for me even thouqh it hurts  keep me in ur hearts and prayers, hugs n ki ...
I need sumone to MAKE my outfit for the white party! I already drew it picked the material and buttons I want on it jus need it made 
I need sunscreen 
i need sunshine.. SUNSHINE please 
i need support for my dream  ( acting)
I need surgery. Ugh. Looks like I won't be competing in grapplers quest in vegas 
i need sweets, drank my cyderrrrrrrrr 
I need t practice more. Much school = little cello 
i NEEd t0 giVE tHESE EYEbR0WSZ 0f MiNE S0ME SERi0USZ AttENti0N! 
I NEED TAKE A REST!!MY HEAD FEELS HEAVY NOW 
I NEED THAT DRESS ! 
I NEED THE BEACH IN MY LIFE!!!!! ;(   
i need the money! 
i need the sources and anything else thats necessary im getting stuff off the web too so its a little easier  *sigh*
I need the sun to come out. This weather depresses me 
I need these headaches to go away. 
I need this pain to ease enough to sleep tonight!! Think perhaps  all my recent activity catching up with me?? I can't sit, stand, lie  
I need to be in a better frame of mind... Just can't seem to find one 
i need to be in sweatpants and home 
I need to be in Vegas right now 
i need to be more lea-esque and less mollyish. 
i need to be sleeping but i'm not tired...i'm lonely 
I need to blog 
I need to blow my nose and we have no tissues in this house. Being broke is difficult. 
I need to burn Windows CD and my both burners are broken  What a lovely morning
i need to burp 
I need to burp ....  Im so nauseas....
I need to buy a cheap and cheerful teapot but don't know where from now that wollies is gone 
I need to call Kama and cancel todays appointment so we won't be late for jeffs party. I was really looking forward to working out today 
I need to clean out the laundry room and bring recycling to the center - we've got ants. 
i'm sad the football season is nearly over 
im sad the hills is over 
im sad the runs house theme doesn't say &quot;whos house? Runs house!!&quot; anymore 
I'm sad Tim Lincecum deleted his facebook 
im sad to hear about sandra cantu 
I'm sad to miss Baccalaureate Mass today 
I'm sad to see a transformer toy that does not transform. 
im sad today i was gonna go to da pool but it started raining so i couldnt go 
i'm sad today, with not knowing the status of my baby... 
im sad tonight... 
I'm sad youngstown didnt even make it on hipsterrunoffs top 500 cities 
I'm sad! I was planning on seeing Taylor Swift in concert. I went to look up how much the tickets cost and it said 'SOLD OUT'.This stinks 
Im sad!!!!  im leaving my 6xth grader friends!!! 
im sad, i cried last nyt &amp; wet my pillow den went to sleep den woke up den felt sad agen  i donut wan 2 go bak 2 skul!!!
I'm sad, I'm gonna miss out on the Mother's Day Festivities tomorrow. I'll be at work. 
I'm sad, it seems as though hardly anyone is tweeting today 
I'm sad, my tv isn't working very well.. 
I'm sad.  I wasn't able to go to David Archuleta and David Cook's Concert in Manila. BUMMER. (
i'm sad. brandon's last night in town tonight. cristina's moving away party. i have to go in to work early &amp; jason wont talk to me 
im sad. i still dont buy Lines, Vynes and Trying times... 
im sad. i want it 2 be summer! well it is only the rest of the week and next but i have FINALS 2! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!! 
I'm sad. this may be my last time with these girls  time to move on I guess?
I'm sad... don't know what to do 
I'm sad... I just had to say good bye to my bf for a week! 
im sad... mom had an accident! worried about her.. 
I'm sad... My dog jus bit ma mom n she told me I have to give him away  crying
I'm sad....I have to work so I missed the day to spend time with my sister and her family  They went off to the beach oh well
i'm sad....the camera i looked at is out of stock at reliable places. ... 
I'm sad...I met the guy of my dreams...IN my dreams and I didn't even get his name or number!!! ahh  ...swt dreams again tonight please!
i'm sad...i'll miss you grandma angie.. you were always like a 3rd grandma to me.. 
Im sad...there's a for sale sign in front of my house!! 
im sadd  my cat bit me and know im bleeding!!!  WAAAAAA
IM SADDD!!!!!!!!!!   SOMETIMES DON'T U HATE LIFE!
I'm saddened by the lost of AF Flight 447.  I wonder how it feels like to be the pilot of a nose-diving jetliner. http://bit.ly/u4PJr
I'm saddened by the sudden loss of my coffee pot. He will be sorely missed 
I'm sadly lacking in followers 
I'm sat chillin watching dvd's. going to a bbq in a bit - crap weather tho!!! 
I'm sat here with a gun pointing at my head. Honestly, what can I do?  
I'm sat in bed alone with amy and I want him to come upstairs 
I need to clean the house for mother's day...but I don't know how to pull that off AND get to sleep 
I need to control my compulsiveness. I'm stressed as hell.  Goodnight.
I need to cut my nails. Haha. I wish I could get a manicure  But alas, no nail polish is to be worn at work.
I need to cut the grass before the rain comes but...can't get rid of this last bit of headache.  
I Need To Do More Official Remixes ... 
I need to do my homeworks buf 
i need to do my ict prep stuff to take into the exam!!! arghhh  i hate GCSE's.
I need to do some soul-searching. 
I need to do stuff...not twitter...I am a baaaad girl......I'm going to sooo hate myself tomorrow!!!  
I need to do work but can't concentrate  I officially hate the TV my parents watch
I need to do yoga today 
I need to download new songs. 
I need to drink more fluids, the nurse yelled at me today and told me if I didn't I had to go back to the hospoital  
i need to dye my hair badly but i really cant be bothered but i must 
I need to eat but I can't bring myself to cook anything 
i need to eat you know that feeling when your stomach just hurts but there is nothing veggie in the house  ahhh
I need to enjoy my last day of freedom. Work tomorrow 
i need to feel better 
I need to feel better NOW! I have WAY too much to do in the next couple weeks to succumb to a bug! 
I need to feel normal again. 
I need to figure out how to be strong today...I know its been a long time since my dads death, fathers day is always hard? 
i need to figure out what im gonna do for dinner because im not going out anymore  ohhh boston you failed me again! haha
I need to find a battery for an Elinchrom Ranger.  Nobody in Canada has any in stock 
I need to find a good photo of myself now...that ones not doing much for my self image... 
I need to find a home but feel I dont belong anywhere 
I need to find a jailbreak for 3.0 on my iPhone NOW! 
I need to find a job or something else to do... I'm tired of doing nothing!!!  But it's sooo dificult!!!
I need to find a phd program in canada or alaska... I can't take anymore heat 
I need to find a way to be happy 
I need to find a writer to work with, I'm tired of trying to write 
I need to find my box for advent children. It's got my copy of burnout paradise in it 
I need to find some alternative wheels for tomorrow. Ed and Yvon need the car tomorrow. 
I need to find some time to work on my crafts, I think its been two weeks since I last sat down to sew 
I need to find someone who knows about C19 ideologies and the effect they had on communist russia and fascist germany and italy in C20 
I'm saucy w nothing to do  @carmelamarie y did we separate again? Lol.
I'm saying goodbye to Sydney for a few days, and Hello to Rapeville.... I'll miss pretty 
Im scard jenis mum jst pt 0n a l0w cut t0p ad said l0ok grls my cleavage isnt wrinkly yet! Aaah! I dnt wana kum bak 2 jens h0wse 
Im scared  dont drag me to hell
im scared and wish i wouldnt have watched saw five 
I'm scared for my family in Iran!!! 
im scared i love da show snapped buh sometimes it scares me like jus now 
im scared i might be left alone 
im scared its real windy outside and the wind is blowing through a crack in my window and making scary noise 
I'm scared of my report card tomorrow  , I hope I make it to 10 big . GOD I BELIEVE YOU WILL MAKE IT HAPPEN !
im scared of storm's 
I'm scared of this ginormous storm bc i'm all by my lonesome!  boooo  *Abby*
im scared of those disco pants !!!!! 
I'm scared of thunderstorms 
I'm scared right now. I don't wanna be home alone. 
im scared this nosebleed is coming back again now  thats like 70 minutes nearly
I'm scared to get my wisdome teeth out 6/19  eeeeeee
Im scared to graduate 
I'm scared to watch a scary movie by myself  Someone callll 
im scared!!!! i feel like ders..not ghost ut u no  like spirit thing ppl..in my house :S NO I DIDNT LOSE IT! i just idk!! 
I'm scared. I can't answer even a single short problem for Accounting. 
im scared..  http://bit.ly/12O78p  this is disturbia [reverse] and in 3:49 says satan its forever
i'm scared.. somebody hold me please 
I'm scheduled to enlist on the 8th, the second day for sophomores to enlist. How the shit am I going to get a good sched? Fuck. 
Im school  CBA doing anything today...Its almost the weekend this week has went by so fast  xo
I'm scouting for schools, but having trouble finding degrees in science with complete online courses. 
I'm screwed up. I'm so fat and I hate myself fo that 
Im searchin 4 anotha pair of sneakers b/c my regular 1s R STILL SOAKIN WET from Runin in da pourin rain yeasterday mornin,  so far no luck
i'm searching for uncharted beta codes, but nothing so far 
I'm seated at the middle column and at the first row. Directly in front of me is the teacher's table. Whatuppp witt daaaattt?? 
I need to finish learning lines for tomorrow's class but I'm so groggy and sleepy...  
i need to finish packing.  i need help.
I need to finish paying for all this stuff I need for prom so I can fix el long board  ..I'm so ovs prom on saturday
I need to finish those questions and revise my personal statement for the nth time today 
I need to follow my mind not my heart 
I need to follow someone... this # of followers I got just aint cuttin it... I think thats y the &quot;nasty ppl keep followin me... 
i need to get a credit card. unfortunately, i know nothing about credit cards and im not even sure which bank to use. 
i need to get a fucking liiife!!! 
i need to get a life  two more days till freedom   (for all my loyal followers in two days you will get more updates )
i need to get a new phone. i cant believe mine shit the bed on me last night 
I need to get away from everyone. Jaded so fucking jaded  - http://tweet.sg
I need to get caught up on reading VA! I never have time 
I need to get dressed 
I need to get dressed but I have that Sunday feeling..You know how it is..?! And thank heavens I have no guests, I look like death 
I need to get it together before Ricky gets home. He is not going to be pleased about me breaking up this damn bathroom 
i need to get me some sleep so i can last the weekend!! good thing i can sleep on planes!! oh wait i have to study 
I need to get more @Portabellopixie fabric!!  I made the farmer's market quilted camera strap slipcover, but I ran out.    hmmm....
I need to get my act together 
I need to get my act together. At the mall again instead of studying 
I need to get my hair colored.  
i need to get my shit together and do my homework 
I need to get my shit together for work!! 
I need to get my visa renewed and i can't find my passport!   hope i finally find it this weekend
i need to get on some medication, stat. my anxiety is getting OUT OF CONTROL. it's probably because of my own ba decisions 
i need to get out of the house.. too much shit is going on.. 
I need to get outta Ohio ASAP this place is seriously stressing me OuT 
I need to get over this cold so I can go to a big awards evening on Thursday. Trying to rest up, so no gym until it's passed 
I need to get ready for work soon. Still kinda bummed that I missed Nate at McDonalds. 
I need to get ready to go 4 lunch!! 
I need to get rid of some of my artwork. 3 years of the stuff really piles up. I don't have the heart to throw any of it though 
i need to get saints row 2 for xbox i love it but im broke 
I need to get some sleep but after the last few hours at the computer, I don't think my back will let me 
I need to get some sleep! But i'm not even close to tired 
I need to get somebody's stethoscope, I'm on call tonite  Losing one is disaster.
I need to get the hell out of Columbus, Ohio and get this music shit together...because Im dying slowly here... 
I need to get the lil one some sneakers but dont know what kind to get. 
I need to get the radiator on my car looked at. 
I need to get this on my Blackberry how do you do that ?  hola at me please. mwah xx
i need to get up and do work. but this bad dream last night has me fucked up in the head 
I need to go and get my nails done shortly so if you want to say hi, it might take me a while to get back to you. 
i need to go back to school and learn how to spell properly... its terrible.. I'm 18 in 6 months time and i cant spell 
I need to go buy clothes tomorrow.. I only have 3 more days of freedom!!!! 
I need to go do my Davina DVD. I don't want to thought  shouldn't have eaten that pizza!
i need to go food shopping... ugh 
I need to go home  Roll on summer times!
I need to go home and sleep.  And no more basketball to watch, season doneeeee 
I need to go in and see what's wrong with my blackberry 
I need to go lay down 
I need to go on a holiday! I need a break.... Why do I have to work? 
I need to go on Holiday 
i need to go out soon   i dont wanna but this weight aint gonna shift its self is it lol x
I need to go shoe shopping 
i need to go the bathroom!! but i dont wanna goo 
i need to go to bed now. goodnight everyone. ugghhh school tomorrow  ciao.
I need to go to my piano lesson soon  well after today I don't have one for 2 weeks or something like that
I need to go to sleep early tonight. Super sad I can't see drp d3@d 
I need to go to the grocery store 
I need to go work out, but having to really talk myself into it today 
I need to go workout. Gotta finish this online app for US Bank first  I hate these things. A lot better than pen &amp; paper though
I need to grow my penis out 
i need to have my orage medication  ORANGE!
I need to hear &quot;love drunk&quot; by blg 
i need to help my wife then get to work.. i am about two days behind and a dollar short with everything.. 
I need to lay down. Cramps suck asshole. 
