I want coffee 
I want coffee! 
I want cold rock. But cold rock is so far away 
i want come in team jonas 
i want cookies but i dont have any THATS NOT FAIR!!!!!!!!!!!  
I want cuddles 
i wanna delete my sig  im scared people are gonna steal my ideas... 
I wanna do a pool work out but I dnt wanna get my hair wet...uuggh nerve racking 
I wanna do events 
i wanna do ldn dates in november 
I wanna do something fun but have no clue what to do. Tre sleep &amp; @krob5858 is taking a nap. So its just me 
I wanna do something tonight after work.... But I dunno what... 
I wanna do something, but my boo isn't here. Loneliness. 
I wanna do something. But I don't think I can make myself do it. I still feel awful. Maybe tomorrow. 
I wanna do what I wanna do!! How come I can't where I am ....  I miss it sooo
I wanna download music but it's not working! 
i wanna eat a hot dog 
I wanna eat a hot pocket but my tummy hurts. 
i wanna eat a ice cream but the is raining 
i wanna eat. 
i wanna eat.  no food available here except for spaghetti. ugh.
i wanna feel happpy...and i have no idea why i dont 
I wanna follow Rob Pattinson, why doesn't he have a twitter that's real? 
I wanna fuckin die!!!! Someone plz do me the favor and kill me!!  fml
i wanna get a frosty real quick. lol too bad no one wants to go 
I wanna get outttttt ! I can't stand stating at home for 2 days straight ! 
i wanna get rid of this slight beer gut im getting..very slight..btu i cant work out bc of this damn hernia 
i wanna get The Sims 3, but my computer isn't good enough 
i wanna get thru today... 
i wanna go ATL tonight 
i wanna go back to apollo now 
i wanna go back to chicago 
I wanna go back to denver 
I wanna go back to sleep, but I gotta get ready for a baby shower huuuuuh!!!! Small kine hanging tooo 
I wanna go backpacking in a place far away, but then I'd have to stop masturbating. 
I wanna go bck to bedddddd 
I wanna Go biking but I don't have a bike  lollllll
I wanna go bowling but my knee hasn't recovered yet...also now I can't do my cardio routine DAMN 
i wanna go cry.  i mean, bill looks sexy with him now hair. [: but it's different. TOO different. i want lion back.
I wanna go Dallas, i want to be in Dalllas RIGHT NOW, in the JB concert 
I wanna go do somethiiiing!!!!  blah
i wanna go for a walk, but i ccb getting changed 
I hate doing all the work for meetings and then not going to them.. 
i hate doing dishes! 
I hate doing essays!   Please finish it for me....
i hate doing essays. 
I hate doing Excels Monday mornings. Arghhh, half a day, and the budget is not yet ready! 
i hate doing laundry, but if i want bass lessons, i gotta do it 
i hate doing my hair! 
i hate doing pointless shit on the internet instead of sleeping! 
I hate doing push-ups  My legs hurt so bad that I have the feeling that they 'll fell off my body.
I hate drinking cold milk; my whole body becomes cold 
I hate drivin alone... No one to talk to 
I hate driving home from class in rush hour traffic. 
I hate driving in storms 
I hate drs.. My eyes hurt  fuck being blind haha
i hate dust  Shaggy
I hate early morning arguments. They make me frown 
I hate early mornings...does anyone really need to wake this early on a Saturday?  
I hate early risers 
I hate eating too much? it's making my stomach go upset 
i hate english assignments 
I hate English water  it hurts my skin and makes me all red and sore  owwwww!
i hate essays 
I hate everything about getting up in the morning. 
I hate everything today. And there's no chocolate 
I hate exam time. I want my life back  Also I want the ability to revise back - if I ever had that ability, that is.
i hate exams  -_-
I hate exams &amp; revising  hurry up 15th June, I need a holiday!
I hate exams &amp;&amp; revision! 
I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS I HATE EXAMS AHHHHHH 
i hate exams.. but I love summer.. but still studying 
I hate facebook for the moment 
I hate failing at life.  it depresses me.
I hate fake people....  
I hate falling asleep early 
I hate falling asleep when I watch a movie for the first time   
i hate falling out with people 
I hate family gatherings 
I hate father's day 
I hate feeling fed up 
I hate feeling helpless. 
I hate feeling like crap and not being able to do anything about it 
i hate feeling sick 
I hate feeling sick. Why won't it go away? 
I hate feeling so sick...  I WANT TO SEE STAR TREK!
i hate fighting with ppl 
I hate filling a website with content, especially having to copy/paste it from a PDF 
i hate filling in forms online for car insurance.. i cant think of anything more tedious!!! 
I hate filling out forms 
i hate finals so much, im gonna explode. i hate studying and i did so bad for this last quarter 
I hate finals week!! 
I hate finance subject... they make me feel woozy!! 
I HATE FIREANTS!!!... Praying my Sunday funday @ the beach isn't ruined by a trip to the emergency room 
i want curly fries! havent had them in ages 
I want dalool didn't see her today 
i want datsyuk back 
i want diana F+. it looks great... 
I want diples 
i want disney channel! 
I want Disneyland! It's been too long 
I want drood cuddles but I don't wanna make him sick 
I want druummm  but my mom won't buy it for me..uugggrrrrrr!!
i want famous people to tweet me! 
I want fishsallad but the pizzeria is closed.  I dislike midsummer, for real
I want food but I have to wait to get my check 
I want food. I miss eating. After close to three days without a proper meal, I am beginning to go crazy. 
I want friends 
I want frozen yogurt from Chill in Cleveland Circle so badly right now. Why am I so far away? 
I want frozen yougurt   (costco's is good)
I want fruit pies! And Megu won't give them to me! 
I WANT FUNNEL CAKE!!! AND THE BEACH 
I want gastric bypass. 
I Want Ginger Hair 
i want go to UK or EEUU  ..............................BUUUUUUUUUU...terrible headache...
I want her to come but she has physical therepy 
I want her, but I cant have her 
I want him baaaackkkkk.  Fuck my life. Why do I throw away the good ones?
i want him to get better but i also don't want to see him suffer anymore  he's in a lot of pain right now
I want him to stay.. I love George 
I want him to talk to me 
I want Holga Starter Kit - Multi-Color so baaaaaaaaad 
i want ice cream  x
I want ice cream...but don't have any here 
I want ice kacang to quench my thirst   this freaky weather is killing me!!
I want icecream now!! .. 
I want icecream so bad.  I wish i had my permit. 
i want ice-cream, like now....  GIMME PWEEESE?
I want in n out 
i want it dat way - backstreet boys..nostalgia feelings...from prom nite 
I want it to be 6 July already 
i want it to be sunday at 4:30pm not saturday at 8am 
I want it to be time for A's and Dodgers baseball now. Vin Mazzaro will help me feel better. 
I want jack penate's new album ahhhhhhhh! Gutted i have no money 
i want japan now.... screw studies! they make me unhappy 
i want jesus to clean MY feets 
i want kendra to get back together with hefffy 
I WANT LASAGNA TOOOOOOO. 
i want leak and potato soup. 
I want lemonade- wait no better! I want pomegrante green tea! Unfortunately i have neither. 
I want Lou to reply to me 
i want lunch 
I want lunchhhhhh!!!! 
i want LVATT Now 
I WANT LVATT NOW! where is it? 
I want Mama to smile as she always do. She was just fine yesterday. Ma, please don't do this. I want you to be happy, really. Please? 
I want Mark Loves Sharon to start again 
i want mcdonald's breakfast but im afraid itll make me late 
i want mcfly here in brazil again. AAW 
I want me some Southerngold 
i want mitchel musso's new album 
i want more cake 
I want more cotton candy ice cream. but it'll most likely make me sick. 
I want more days off !! 
I want more followers  not like 10000000 but a few more. most of my followers are ads 
I want more followers on deviantart 
i want more followers.. 
I want more miller..! How to Lose Friends and Alienate People is a great wee film.. I'm missing Emo bigtime tho...  
I want more records 
I WANT MORE WATERLOO ROAD EPISODES!!! we only got to s3 ep16 
I want munchos 
I want my apartment back  FML
I want my Aspy 
I want my baby back!!!! 
i want my bb back 
I want my bed so so so so so so so so so so so much right now. Have to go out again though. 
i want my ben and jerrys now lol, TWEET PEOPLE im bored 
I want my best friend. 
i want my blackberry already 
i want my blackberry back  i'm over my sidekick lx.
I want my bluair air purifier !!! 
i want my bracelet back!!! 
i want my cable back.. when i watch stuff on the computer i have to wait till after it comes out!! lolz but it takes 4ever to load tooo 
I want my camera 
I want my car  Been in the shop for 3 days. What will I do for work tomorrow. Take the bus or cab? :-\ I need to buy another car for ME
i want my car back! 
I want my car back. 
I want my car to work. 
I want my classic twitter page back without any &quot;Trending Topics&quot; on it!  It's a little bit ugly this way.
I want my computer back 
i want my cuty fia to sign in  buhuuu.. come to meeeeee 
I want my Dance Tsubaruuuuu  soon! I'm so slowww 
I want my diary back, too bad i lost it *cries*. Oh and sorry for all the spamming I have done with the voting 
i wanna go get my tattoo now but i have no $$$/dinero/cash/bucks/green/benjamins/change/other synonyms for money... 
i wanna go home !  
i wanna go home actually i got a bad tummy 
i wanna go home now 
i wanna go home now! it's like typhoon-ing here in PI!  time to go home to warm showers and no bug bites &amp; laker yelling w/ @butsokoy16 
I wanna go home now. Man was not meant to work Saturday's. 
I wanna go home to my family in Linesville Pennsylvania. I miss that little ole country town! 
I wanna go home, but I can't cause the customers won't leave... And my boss won't let me leave either 
I wanna go home,but I don't wanna go to work  sadly work is the 1st thing I have to do after I land. #Confessions #of #a #corporate #slave
I wanna go Lady Gaga's concert in Singapore!!!! 
I wanna go Lady Gaga's showcase in korea. http://bit.ly/VzMDM  But why club? 
I wanna go meet jason earles tomorrow 
i wanna go n see the potbelleez in the MET today....  i can't.. coz i'm shit tired! n have uni work.. 
I wanna go on a REAL date 
I wanna go ooouuuut.  I can't stand being stuck at home anymore!!
I wanna go out  NE-YO - CLOSER !! Yeah, i'm listening to my old mp3 instead of my ipod.
i wanna go out in the sun, not to the orthodontist 
I wanna go out tonight 
I wanna go out tonight but I have no one to drive me 
I wanna go out tonight so badly! But I can't 
i wanna go out! anywhere! 
I wanna go party with #p!nk... Too bad I'm not with optus 
i wanna go play basketball, but it's gonna rain  BASKETBALL IS LIFE
I wanna go see atl 
I wanna go see Drag Me To Hell 
i wanna go see fucked up in august. may have to fly solo on this one. bad times 
I wanna go see hangover- dang    maybe tomorrow
i wanna go see jason mraz in concert now after seeing him on rove but its sold out 
I WANNA GO SEE TAKE THAT. 
I wanna go shopping tomorrow!! No one else wants to go though. It's a supposed sun day.  AHHHHHH
i wanna go swimming but i cant be arsed and i have no money  it costs Â£2 :O
i wanna go to @Jonasbrothers concert in Tulsa tonite 
I wanna go to 6 flagssss!!.. Omg, I sound like a lil' kid. lol, but I really do wana go  
i wanna go to a blink182 concert really badly 
i wanna go to alton towers NOW, i miss oblivion  its fackin addictive!
I wanna go to bed..but my dad has the damn DS...how am I to sleep?? 
i wanna go to camden town, but with no money it's not fun  HAHA damn
I wanna go to camp hip hop 
I wanna go to EDC, but it's not going to happen 
I hate flies ! There are so many in my room. 
I hate football 
I HATE FRENCH. Why have we such a big test!!?!!??! This is really not nice.   heul
I hate GANZ!!!!!!!  I hate so much  And now what?
I hate gardening  plans for today: relocation of BIG pile of poo  I wonder how partents could actually LIKE it ?
I hate gardening i have to pull out all the weeds in my backyard  i'd rather look at the flowers the smell nicer
i hate gettin woke up early  if u can class 11:30 as early that is
I hate getting nauseous (was up til 3 in the morning like this) and today's Mitty's last day! D: NUuu! Good things must come to an end 
i hate getting put on steroids. my face 
i hate getting sick! do not want. 
I hate getting to a point in packing where you dont know what to do next.  Also running out of boxes sucks... time to go buy some 
I hate getting to school early 
I hate getting up at 530am every day. Especially since I was playing Sega Genesis til 130am 
I hate getting up early  And i hope the sun comes out today! I need a recharge!
i hate giving speeches! im so nervous 
I hate going back to work! i need another roadtrip! 
I hate going to bed upset. Its so unhealthy.   cheers to better days!
I hate going to weddings by myself 
I hate grass, dust and trees! ugh my eyes and nose! 
I hate guy sykes, I don't want toadie &amp; callum to get killeeeeed 
I hate half sided conversations 
i hate hangovers     -- gone for breakfast con mi hermana &lt;3
i hate hangovers. headache now! 
i hate hangovers........ 
I hate Harry Potter with a passion but these are hilarious!..................
i hate Harry Potter!..
I hate Harry Potter....
I hate hat HATE how ever time I come back to San Antonio, my allergies act up.  I miss being able to wake up and breath. 
i HATE HATE HATE HATE HATEEE my stupid ass fucking dumb shit brother &gt; My summer is FUCKING RUINED!!!!!!! 
I hate hate hate hate making dinner  I used to like it, now it just seems like a pointless yet necessary task. Won't you do it for me?
I hate hate hate it 
i HATE HATE HATE tom cruise and mission impossible movies but i think i may go see this new one cuz...
i hate hate storms 
I hate haveing nothing fun to do when its beautiful weather this sucks 
I hate havin insecure moments 
i hate having a cold 
I hate having a cold in the summer! 
I hate having a dream about work and then having to wake up and go to work 
I hate having a new toy that I cant even mess with. My GPS re-order wont be here until next month. 
I hate having a reason to get out of bed and then for the next 15 minutes you stare back at it, wanting to be wrapped in sheet warmth 
I wanna go to England but I'm not sure is it possible for me anymore 
I wanna go to fort wayne next weekend and stalk taylor swift. Too bad the concerts sold out 
i wanna go to GLASTO  sad times 
i wanna go to imats 
I wanna go to Metro Station !  But I`m arriving on the 13th. :-&lt;
I wanna go to miami! 305...I miss you 
I wanna go to Reader's Haven 
i wanna go to six flags. i was supposed to go today but my dad said no 
I wanna go to sleep  tired&amp; I need to work out again tomorrow. I need Baby Wolfy for support. My bestest buddy!
i wanna go to sleep, but that'd mean no more listening to music:/ vfactory needs to put more songs on itunes or limewire! 
i wanna go to smf  uggherrrsss...
i wanna go to south beach so bad.  it's been way too long....
I wanna go to stockholm now .... 
i wAnnA gO tO tayLor's feArlesS  conCert  tOo bAd i'M sooOOO fAr awAy!!! 
i wanna go to the beach  !!
I wanna go to the beach, but the rain starts  shit!
I wanna go to the beach...but I have to study 
i wanna go to the beachh... but ugh it's soo cold 
I wanna go to the bet awards... 
i wanna go to the cinema 
I wanna go to the concert this Saturday. 
i wanna go to the fontana days parade 
i wanna go to the grove but i'm exhausted and sick. grad night was fun but i wish we didnt get separated  roscoestastes soooooooo good.
I wanna go to the gym again, but by the time i get there ill hardly have time to do anything, shuts at 5, 
i wanna go to the jonas soundcheck  it would be amazing. seriously.
I wanna go to the Kooks's agaaaain  Luke is so freaking adorable.
i wanna go to the mall right now! 
i wanna go to the Mcfly concert 
i wanna go to the Miley Cyrus and Metro Station TOUR! it's NOT FAIR 
i wanna go to the mitchel musso concert august 15 
i wanna go to the movies  can someone take mee?
i wanna go to the pool but the weather sucks ass and no one really wants to go to the pool 
I wanna go to the san diego zoo!!!!! OMG 
i wanna go to vegas 
I wanna go to Vegas  DARN YOU KATY PERRY &gt;.&lt;
I wanna go to vegas today but no one wants to go with me 
I wanna go to Venice but I have nobody to go with 
I wanna go to..  huhu @mdlcrz @anyaong i can't go alone but i want too 
i wanna go visit chicago. very badly. 
I wanna go, I wanna go!!!! but I can't   
i wanna gooo bacckkk to sleeeepp.. My Jordan left me  lol im all alone till wedsnesday!
i want my dream come true 
I want my DS!! 
i want my favourite person in the world to call me 
i want my followers back 
i want my food already !! 
I want my fooooooood  AHHAHAHA
I want my girlfriend to get unsick. It makes me sad 
I want my girlfriends exam to hurry up  I miss her x
I want my guitar back...i left it up the caravan 2 WEEKs ago 
I want my hair cut I want my hair cut I want my hair cut.  It's getting far too annoying again. Oh no, the sun's gone in 
I want my half sleeve done  i wish i had moneyyyyyy!
I want my hay fever to go away! 
I want my HOME! 
I want my husband. 
I want my internets, dad is on and i think i'm missing a good blogtv show 
I want my iphone 3.0 already 
I want my iPhone back!!! 
I want my iphone. 
i want my jeep 
I want my Katie. 
I want my kitty. 
I want my laptop...NOW!!!!  dammittt
I want my little girl to come home already 
I want my MacBook back  Good thing I have AppleCare, though. Would've cost me a kidney to have it fixed otherwise.
i want my maccccccccc now 
i want my mama  http://bit.ly/MUvQV
I want my memory card really really bad. 
i want my Mneo 
I want my mommy 
I want my mommy. I want my blankie. I want my voice back... 
i want my money 
i want my MP4 i dont no where it is 
i want my mullet backk (8) stoopid rainnn!!!!!!!  
I want my new PC lol no music means 
I want my new phone 
I want my new phone today! i don't want to wait until tomorrow 
I want my night of sleeping back.   Dreaming of working about work the whole night does not equal sleep.    #fb
i want my old hair back 
i want my other gauge to go in. 
I want my OTP back 
I want my own apartment again... 
I want my own pool again 
I want my Peachy Surprise Jamba Juice 
i want my phone 
i want my picture to show 
I WANT MY PICTURE WITH THE JONAS , I CRY  *
i want my profile piccy back 
i want my quiet house back. 
I want my relaxed summer back 
I want my sailor  where are you? I need you here
I want my shirt 
I want my skin to be back to normal.  AND WHY THE FUCK WON'T MY FACE TAN!?
i want my sleeve  ERG i need money
I want my snookie bear i scared   *L!nd@*&lt;3*Cr@!g*
I hate having car problems!  so sad
i hate having ibs  i feel like i'm gonna vomit.
I hate having nightmares or bad dreams about someone.  They're ridiculous!
i hate having showers on a cold night. 
i hate having sooo much fun with my two best friends then having to leave soo soon 
I hate having sweaty feet 
i hate having the cold  it saddens me deeply.
I hate having the kid that whines at the wedding. 
I hate having to choose between conan and Colbert  darn you NBC!!
I hate having to do dissertations on such a beautiful day 
i hate having to go to sleep because i feel sick 
i hate having to internet from my car!  but finally everything is caught up! now going to make care package and read &quot;lolita&quot;
I hate having to say goodbye to such a great friend! Change is a-comin...its inevitable 
i hate having to take the fucking bus  can't wait to get my car
I hate having weak jaws!  http://bit.ly/fuE6t
I hate hay fever! 
I hate hayfever so so so much. Ruins the summer. 
i hate hayfever sooooo much 
I hate headaches 
I hate hearing about financial problems from my mom. As long as we have enough to basically survive, it's not worth stressing about. 
I hate heims kaffee (www.heimbs.de) for roasting coffee beans and having the wind blow so I can smell it  *smells sooooo good*
I hate her 
i hate her. 
I hate hiccups 
i hate him for making me play call of duty  i always die.. ALWAYS ))
i hate history  doing a past paper getting ready for the exam!
I hate history!  Why it gives the shit?
I hate Homemade Ethernet   http://bit.ly/uzMkL /04/27/1216246&amp;from=rss
i hate homework ... esp german 
I hate hospital coffee! 
i hate hot weather  its like hell 
I hate house hunting!!! Nothing in our budget!!! 
I hate how energy drinks don't even give me energy  they just taste nice, so I can't stop haha
I hate how guys can give you that feeling of where you just want to curl up in a ball and cry and want stay far far away from everyone!  
I hate how I always get good ideas while I'm in the car and not near a computer 
i hate how i down my power jamba juice  i want moreee
i hate how i want to type more than the allowed amount of words, finding myself trying to shorten my words to bad punctuation &amp; spelling 
I hate how in ireland the rain is rainier than everwhere else!! 
I hate how kiddkraddick in the morning is prerecorded i come on twitter and have to read about what already happened on the show 
i hate how my body looks i hate how fat i am 
I hate how my period makes my tummy all gurgle-y 
i hate how on some weekends, i'm VYING for something to do, but on others, i have to pick 2 out of 298374 things!!! 
I wanna goto 6flags! boobiez on cruches tho 
i wanna hang out with someone tonight          grrs... this is buggin me
i wanna have a black hair 
I wanna have my Yearbook as well  Loooooooong day of study and some weird evening with drunken turkish people in Hagen-Haspe.. Never again
I wanna hear what @shiftywooten sounds like 
i wanna here we again!!!! but i don't find 
I wanna hug elmo. How comes @johncmayer gets to hug elmo. It's not fair. The world is no fair 
I wanna hug you too @4thgradedropout.  I am reading everyone's chapbooks to get amped.  No one from Hampshire is coming 
I wanna in home but i don't 
I wanna join mileyworld  mammy is so mean 
I wanna join MILEYWORLD.  I can't. 
I wanna kill myself.....does anybody have a razor or some pain killers?  :/
i wanna know how much i got paid today but i don't wanna walk to the bank 
I wanna leave after 2nd period *cryy* 
I wanna leave chaffey college. Its boring. 
i wanna make a friendship bracelet now  idea!
i wanna make a video 
I wanna make some quiz,but my net dont let me doooo :~ POOR MEEEEEE! 
i wanna meet @chrystinasayers sooo bad 
i wanna meet bo burnham  i do.
i wanna meet nicholas jonas  is my dream D: @officialnjonas
I wanna move back home 
I Wanna move here to puerto RICO  I guess I gotta find a rican first!!!!
i wanna move to Cali so bad!!!! i miss the beach.... i miss my family 
I wanna move to LA! Or Laguna beach. Or maybe London... but not here, in this small boring country. No celebs ever come here!  uuuuh
i wanna move to the north west side of town 
I wanna new phone.. everybody else is getting one 
I wanna pack my bags n leave I wanna move with him where am I without him  TEAR DROPS big ones
i wanna paint. but i have to finish my homework first, practice guitar, go to tennis and watch tv. i don't have time 
I wanna play 1 vs 100 on xbox live but the session is full 
I wanna play BFH  via http://twib.es/BSF
i wanna play my guitar but no strength to 
I wanna play Prototype. 
i wanna play rockband agen 
I wanna play sims 
i wanna play sims 3 its sitting there and tempting meeee but i cant play it gaaahh stupid video card 
I want my stolen 22&quot; monitor back  Testing Surface apps after work is impossible without it (laptop's resolution too &quot;low&quot;).
I want my straightner!!  Grrrr.
I want my summer `08 body back. 
I want my summer back. Sux to not be able to use the internet for hours on end. Much to do. 
i want my summerbreak... so sick of school 
I want my sushi! I hate waiting  I need a glass of wine while I'm at it.
i want my true love  this film brings out the sappy girl in me
I want my twinkle pings and tweets connected!!! I hate switchin back n forth 
i want my twitter back! Come on china 
i want my twitter fam to know that i FULLY INTENDED to return my library book yesterday but was prevented from doing so by my tummy 
i want my TWLOHA hoodie to come 
I want my white iphone 
i want my WOOSOO like now plz  i gant wait, knowing she's so close is driveing me NUTTS
i want my yusuf now please 
I want my#CAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I want new followers 
I want new HyperDunkssss!  Still the best basketball shoe, ever. 
I want new scrubs  I need to see something different in the mirror. I NEED to RUN!!!!
I want new shoes... 
I want nick to come home already  I hate being alone when I'm sick
I want Nick to talk about me like he talks about Miley...He never will 
i want nobody nobody but you!  i miss johnny. 
I want one of those yellow NBA towels!!! 
I want one. 
i want orange slices 
I want orlando 
I want out of my Verizon contract now. 
I want pain to go away so I can concentrate on designing 
i want PAMS   i miss my friends
I WANT PANCAKES!! why don't i have pancakes.....? 
I WANT PEGGLE. I also want my bloc party cd.  fucking post 
i want pop tarts but im too scared to go downstairs 
i want popcorn chicken so bad. 
i want popcorn! 
I want Rammstein to hurry up with this album and tour already  and why the hell do CKY only do London? Its sells out in like a week. Fuck.
I want real followers like @halescrosby, all my followers are fake people  I want ACTUAL PEOPLE!
i want real food 
i want romance. 
I want salameats! 
I want samosas from RockSugar but I'm too lazy to drive. 
I hate how sleeping pills make me feel the next day 
i hate how slow the live feed of @thetonyawards is 
I hate how things have been lately  i always run into the worst circumstances. I loVE you and i hope you trust me on this. I miss you
I hate how time goes by so fast. 
i hate how u can't tweet more the 140 letters 
i hate how we never have food in this house. i also hate that i have no money to buy myself some food. 
I hate humidity! 
I hate hurting feelings.. 
I hate I missed Jennifer Holiday this weekend at Sambuca in ATL.  
I HATE Ice Cream 
I hate IE7, it doesn't display content when PHP sends a web page with status 404 or 500, 
I hate inclusion 
i HATE injections  my arm hurts!!!
i hate interviews. im going to do horrible today 
I hate ironing! 
I hate ironing. 
i hate it  
i hate it here 
I hate IT support 
I hate it when baaabyboy doesn't talk to me after I come from the doctor's.  makes me 
I hate it when couples have to cancel their wedding when it's out of their hands.  Sadness...
I hate it when everyone goes to sleep &amp; my mind is still going like 1000 miles an hour. ADD? no. OCD + Sativa 
I hate it when Goose dies 
i hate it when he gives me headaches 
I hate it when I accidentally click 'open all in tabs' in firefox, then all my bookmarks are open in each tab and my firefox freezes. 
I hate it when i cant sleep 
I hate it when I can't sleep  i'm resting on that promise:&quot;come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest&quot;
I hate it when I cant sleep b/c Im worrying about money  P.s. Im getting up in about 4 hours 
I hate it when I come back to the rice cooker 30min after putting in rice only to find out I never pressed start, esp. when I'm hungry!! 
I hate it when I feel lazy... 
I hate it when I forget the password on my broadband router. 
I hate it when I forget to actually turn on the dryer 
I hate it when I forget to charge my iPod.  I don't have any tunes yet on the iPhone.  
i hate it when i get home from work and knock out then wake up at midnite and i cant go back to sleep, someone entertain me please 
I hate it when I go to the shop and forget something small but important. I now have to go back just for some spread. 
I hate it when I have to sacrifice sleeping hours  #fb
i hate it when i have to sleep in julian's room, small bed (NN) my feet hang off the edge 
i hate it when i have to stay back!! 
I hate it when I put out-of-date milk on my cereal.  Just feels like a waste (and tastes awful) 
I hate it when I read my clock wrong  Aiming for a lie in, thought it was 9:30.... got up, switched on computer, only 7:30am Oh well!
I hate it when I sleep for about an hour, then wake up and can't get back to sleep again. 
i wanna play sims, but i lost my game, 
i wanna play the Sims 3 but my comp won't play it 
I wanna play The Sims 3 so bad! 
i wanna play TS3 but its 5:20am here 
I wanna play with my dogs but they're asleep. 
i wanna pre-order LVATT! yesh, but i'm like in the other side of the world? yeah other side, i checked the globe 
I WANNA PULL MY LAST BABY TOOTH SO BAD ALREADDYYY!!!!!!11! :| ) HAHAHAHA. It`s distracting me soo much. 
I wanna put their song on here but I cant!  Scary 80's rock music! My uncles old band!
I wanna read &quot;the picture of dorian gray&quot; (by oscar wilde) but I have no time at the moment  hopefully I will soon (Y)
i wanna read a destenee's story on youtube while eating popcorn ! cause i cant read more from miley's book today! i'm almost finished 
I wanna read Midnight Sun. 
I wanna read ya'll updates so bad lol...but I'm so tired, My eyes ache from lack of sleep 
I wanna receive reply from Wouter Hamel. But I can't English very well  I envy them!! So, I can't sleep right now.. ë¶€ëŸ½ë‹¤!! ë¦¬í”Œë°›ì?€ ì‚¬ëžŒë“¤ì?€ ã… 0ã… 
i wanna re-live May16..  AWESOME. I love Cook after seeing him performing, I never really liked him but Archie is still my #1! SOO AWESOME
I wanna reply to all you twitters so bad, but I woke up late from my nap and I'm now at rehearsal 
I wanna roc wit'chu . Imy buu 
I wanna rock a Maxi dress @ Coachella, but lacking funding 
I wanna Romeo. How come I don't get a Romeo? 
I wanna save the world! Lol! That would never happen! 
I wanna say with Kristen Stewart that she shouldn't don't smoke any more. Smoke will destroy her health. I'm worry for her..  
I wanna scratch my ass so bad but ppl r watchin 
i wanna see @ashleytisdale in concert soo badly; i never got a chance to actually meet her! 
I wanna see 17 Again, Hannah Montana and, A Haunting in Connecticut with Lexy!!! 
i wanna see a picture of new board! why is no one updating their myspaces/facebooks/flicks/photobuckets/neopets/whatevaaa. 
I wanna see Drag me to hell. Wheres the bootleg man when u need him. 
I wanna see ghost of girlfriends past 
i wanna see katie, but she doesnt have time for me this week 
I wanna see Metro Station in Oslo today, but I have a gig with my band... 
I wanna see my puppy, and smell his stinky puppy breath 
I wanna see Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian in IMAX and then Up in 3D!! I still haven't seen them yet! 
I wanna see penguins 
i want scissors 
I want seafood. 
I want see a good movie 
i want sheer colour!!! i wish i had money but i gotta pay for my drivers liscence and i booked the next 3 weeks off work for schoolll 
I want shoes 
I want sims 3 but I need to save my money for #glasto. Â£110 is not enough for a tent, spends, travel and wellies  sigh.
i want sims 3. 
I want Sims 3. There's none for Mac in GH 
i want sims3, shame my pc is a snail 
I want six flags.  king da ka. ~exam week :[
I want skIttles!!! 
i want sleep, but i canÂ´t 
I want smores. Also the Samsung Alias looks really cool. Why can't Sprint have cool phones 
I want some #wayfarer glasses someone sell me them  or some fake ones, YAY 
I WANT SOME BANTER!! @chazham, @georgiehammond guysss cummon im missin all da banter we have  love you x
I want some birthday cake. XD Maybe a mother's day cake then! Too bad I'm miles away from my mom... 
I want some broccoli and pasta.  Husband is doing a show. I'm going to get &quot;I Hate Karaoke&quot; t-shirts made. You watch!
i want some candy mom called me fat yesterday  im not LOL so no sweets nooooooooooooooo
i want some chocolate 
i want some converse. 
i want some cropped tees!  wildfox &amp; topshop !!!
i want some followers 
i want some food so bad  somebody take me to dinner
I want some free time! 
i want some freinds on here 
I want some fun, this beat is sick but he won't let me ride on the disco stick 
I want some ice cream 
I want some in n out 
I want some Jimmy Choos 
I want some love  Yes, yes I tell this really frequently ï¿½_ï¿½
i want some mexican foood 
I want some new TOMS. 
I want some pistachio ice cream;but all those sugary calories will probably kill my diet.... 
I want some Starbucks VIA 
I want some Starbucks.. 
I want some sushi today 
i want some uplifting trance  #asot400
I want some yellow cake..... 
I want someone 
I want someone to be my friend without falling in love with me 
I want someone to cuddle with tonight 
I want someone to cuddle with. 
i want someone to do a karaoke party 
I want someone to drunk text.  Lmao
I want someone to explain why work seems to drag on, and yet, while playing xbox, I blink and an hour has passed... 
I want someone to play the WoW tcg with me 
I hate it when I wake up, turn over and my husband isn't layin next 2 me 
I hate it when I want something and I can't have it! 
i hate it when i'm in a good mood but have a headache, it's confusing! am i happy? am i grumpy? ow!  /holds head
i hate it when it rains 
i hate it when it rains EVERYDAY . . its supposed to be june and its raining. . i can't even go outside with this gross weather 
I hate it when it's so windy outside that I can't sleep 
i hate it when keith olbermann has the night off. 
I hate it when my alarm doesn't work &amp; I oversleep! Cinder tried really hard to get me up, bless her heart. 
I hate it when my brothers' friends come round... definitely can't go in the pool now 
I hate it when my days are turned upside down..  It's midnight and I'm wide awake..
I hate it when my kids are sick worst feeling in the world to know there's not much u can do 
i hate it when my mom is pissed off with me ... not a good feeling 
I hate it when my mom makes me work when its not even my time to work  I have no life
i hate it when my pic doesnt come up! 
I hate it when my sugar drops.  I get all shaky and sweaty. It sucks! LOL
I hate it when my Wireless Internet fails me 
I hate it when no one likes to chill with me...It makes me feel lonely and when Shazi is lonely he gets emotional 
i hate it when one of the kids is ill 
I hate it when people fight 
i hate it when people talk behind your back and you hear.. then they deny it to your face! im sick of it 
I hate it when people tell you someones past that you didn't wanna hear about... 
I hate it when people wake me up 
I hate it when the fab foursome becomes the terrific twosome 
i hate it when the filling in pizza pops oozes out 
I hate it when things don't balance 
I hate it when you find typos in your about me that have probably been there for like at least a month.  -9.15.08
I hate it when you go to finidh of the rest of your tea and it's all gone  oh well, make some more along with some cookies!
I hate it when you think you have a really great friend you can trust but find out otherwise. 
I hate it when your drinking your tea but you know you gotta get up and ready for work. I just kind of don't want to move. Or bed 
I hate it when you're having the best dream ever and then you wake up 
i hate it when you're ill and it has the type of symptoms that stop you from sleeping properly -_- up all night having coughing fits ftl 
I hate it when you're in the middle of an awesome dream and somethin wakes you. Then you really wana see how the dream ends but you can't 
I hate it whn Im tryn 2 do sumthin &amp; shit strts 2 fll apart.  #@*&amp;^%)@(&amp;^! &amp; U knw ths MAAAAAAAN   !     !    !
I wanna see Sam!  I'm lonesome right about now. Lmfao. XD
I wanna see the Jonas Brothers in concert.. 
i wanna see the mtv movie awards too tonight 
i wanna see the 'new moon' trailer!  why can't i live in america? lol guess i'll have to youtube it (y) x
I wanna see The Offspring 
i wanna see the proposal rigght NOW but im grounded 
I wanna see transformers 2 so badly!!  shiaaa!!!! Hahaha.
i wanna see up oh so badly  msbj&lt;3
I wanna see year one tonight 
I wanna sell my Sony dsc-w150 digicam and get a Canon G10 digicam! 
I wanna serve at the Kid's For Christ Camp later. But I DARN can't 
I wanna shoot some hoops but it's too hot outside 
i wanna shop at Hot topic. 
I wanna skip today, im so tired. Plus i have a headache 
I wanna sleep but i cant cuz i have to go to school 
I wanna sleep but I need to study literature! AAAAAAH! 
i wanna sleep fr a whileeee but i can't sleep r8 now 
i wanna sleep!  today have to study AGAIN ! Spanish and I must read a book for school im so stressed!  how are you doing? xo Tommy
i wanna sleep. but i have to study for german, latin &amp; geography....but im so exhausted 
I wanna sneak out just to sneak out 
i wanna so talk to greengtrs  i wish hed git over it. ;)
I wanna something to believe... 
I wanna spoon as i fall asleep right now... To bad idaho sucked the cute out of me. 
I wanna stay in Shanghai but I wanna go back to Toronto. 
I wanna steal mr tays hat. @itsJessicax3 wont let me yell at him and ask through the window 
I wanna still be asleep 
I wanna stop the time. 
I wanna take a nap 
I WANNA TAKE A NAP D: but i've got a lot to do 
i wanna take a nap nap but i can't can't because of prom hair  sad
i wanna take a sunbath in the backyard  but i have to go to the dentist.. well maybe after the dentist (:
I WANNA TAKE MORE PICTURES 
I wanna take my typical late night shower but i just scraped a huge chunk of skin off my knee and the soap water will sting 
i wanna talk to her 
i wanna talk to her  http://plurk.com/p/yxqig
I wanna talk to my boyfriend 
I wanna talk to someone 
i wanna talk to you so bad 
I want someone to sing to me &quot;Never Met a Woman&quot; by Los Lonely Boys. 
i want someone to watch donnie darko with me and have a little drink. sleeeepovers like i used to   i miss being , like, 15
I want someone to write a song for me. 
i want something from the cheesecake factory 
I want something natural to kill the centipedes/ants on my patio, but the last stuff I bought doesn't work 
I want something to do today 
i want soo many things but am is soo soo broke right now.  plus some things are out jus of reach...
I want sooo much to buy this album from Lex Land but its not available in my country  Damn it!
I want soukie stackhouse books. I'll check stanza but not really looking forward to reading things off palm pilot or iPhone. 
I want Spotify so badly but I can't! 
I want strawberry laces &amp; rice krispie squares 
I want subway 
i want summer break 
I want summer...now 
i want sunday dinner from back home 
I want Superdry Sneakers 
I want susan to win  dun thk will see her again orz
i want sushi 
I want sushi.  and 2 think ... And one poinr in time just the thought would make me wanna vomit. Crazyness.
I want Taco Bell. It's only 1 am but it's too far to walk! 
I WANT TEANY BACK!!!!! 
i want technology to be my friend. 
I want teppanyaki filet mignon for lunch...not gonna happen tho 
i want that blue blazer i found at Kashieca, kaya lang i have to wait for it to go on sale  sana meron pa, haha
i want that hurley jacket from city beach 
I want the 3.0 software update, but I might have to wait until tomorrow 
I want the animal blog to reblog my dog  http://tumblr.com/xxa1x12gn
I WANT THE CD SO BADLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
i want the exams to be over 
I want the ghostbusters game. But no money for it   
I want the iPhone 3g s now!! But I need 32 more dollars 
I want the iphone.  sorry blackberry.
I want the Jonas Brothers magazine at Stater Bros. So many cute pictures for my wall! But its $5.99 
i want the jonas brothers to come to scotlandd ! 
I want The Maine's Can't Stop, Won't Stop T-Shirt so bad 
I want the Mexican drug kingpin dude to do me like he just did Nancy at the end of Weeds. (I probably should have kept this to myself) 
I want the Mexican drug kingpin dude to fuck me like he just did Nancy at the end of Weeds. (I probably should have kept this to myself) 
I want the new ftsk deluxe edition package 
I want the new iPhone 3 Gs!!!! It so much more cooler than my little old iPhone!  where's my rich white man????
i hate it! LT tomorrow ( gotta do my homework and study now. 
I HATE JETLAG!!! its 2 pm but why do i feel like its night time already?  i miss you canada
i hate jf, and coursework, and the chem test today, and its only thursday 
i hate kettle corn popcorn 
I hate knowing I have another day at work after today 
i hate laundry 
I hate leaving DC.   
I hate leaving my boo. Ive been missin him a lot lately. 
I hate leaving my dog home  lol
I hate leaving my family 
I hate leaving, I miss my friends way too much 
I hate letting little kids borrow my crayons 
I hate letting people down. My productivity lately has been sorely lacking. 
I hate life at the mo, it sucks 
I hate life no frisbeee just work 
I hate life so much right now. I hate my shitty immune system more though. I should fucking be at Beyonce right now ! 
I hate lighting storms  somebody read me a bedtime story
I hate LINES! Waiting in lines not fun!! 
I hate LINES! Waiting in lines not fun!!  http://tinyurl.com/mclswn
I hate lip syncing to songs i dislike cause they are so catchy 
i hate listening to electronic music for a looooong time  it's so boring and i just can handle it, 40 principales change your music plz 
I hate listening to Funk Flex on Hot 97 on Fridays... Makes me miss home  and I usually dont lol
I HATE LITERATURE  I'm bored as hell.
I hate little kids they don't listen for shit.... Well atleast I know patrick doesn't like home made stuff I feel like a loser 
i hate livers  yuk man!! God buckleing down right now,, 3 years of no social life!
I hate livin in PA! Everywhere else it's 90. 
I HATE LIVING IN TAMPA! I'm really lonely and extremely bored!! 
I hate living in the city sometimes 
I hate living next to a play scheme stupid fucking kids!  feel for me!!
I hate living with my mother-in-law. Wish there was a way we could move out of here, but future plans mean this is the best option ATM. 
I hate loads of homework 
I hate long sunday afternoon bookings!!!!  Why can folk not just stick to fri and sat nights? 
I hate looking at old pictures sometimes.. It makes me think of the way things used to be.. 
I hate looking for a job!! It's annoying and taking ages! Someone give me a job! PLEASE!! I am a good worker, it's just not fair! 
I hate losing my burts bees. Like seriously, it's devastating every time 
I hate losing stuff!! Also i'm hungry 
I hate Lost! Stoped watching a long time ago. They kill everyone I like! Poor Charlie 
i hate love songs sometimes....because they never happen to me 
i hate making decisions in situation like this. konfewsed. 
I hate Marketing 
I hate math, I hate math, I hate math 
i hate mcdonalds!sick 
I hate mean people 
I hate meeting people on campus and having to tell them I failed to graduate. Reliving the shame over and over is 'fun'. 
I want the new iPhone 3G S. I want it!   http://twitpic.com/7p1mo
I want the new iPhone. 
I want the new iphone....more chance of being struck by lightning. 
I want the palm pre but my dad said not this week cause the crowd 
I want the Palm Pre...  
I want the Rainy Day Dunny so fuckin bad  What does KidRobot mean they don't ship from the stores?? How am I to get my dunny? 
I want the sharing folder back on msn. 
i want the sims 3 aswell now  just cause everyone else got it 
i want the sims 3 but i can't 
I want the Sims 3 real bad 
I WANT THE SIMS 3! Everyone is saying its good  Damn my brokeness.
i want the sims there so bad!!!            
I want the soundtrack to Juno now. 
I want the sugar magazine 
I want the sugar magazine  +1
i want the summer to arrive...finally 
i want the sun back 
I want the sun back!  Work time, Hope I get off in time for @timothycraven's show!
I want the sun to come out!  Why does it seem like it's gloomy all the time   come on God South K.C. needs and wants some SUN!
i want the weekend back!!! 
i want these energy in the park ticket so bad 
i want things to go back to normal 
i want this  feeling to dissolve in the sunshine please.
I want this book but I didn't have enough money to buy it.   http://twitpic.com/6c2ys
i want this flu to take a long walk off a short pier  miserable thing
i want this headache to go away.. 
I want this shirt so badly, but it's currently out of print. http://bit.ly/B3dwh  
I want this so bad but I don't think I am competent enough to make it myself 
I want this type of LOVE...  lmao! L &amp; B luv! http://mypict.me/1MKp
I want this week to end badly so I can watch Transformers 2! 
I want thunder &amp; lightning up here 
I want Thursday to come already  I hate PE!!! #squarespace @squarespace
I want tickets to britney  but mum wnt pay coz she paid for my p!nk tickets. awell im gonna go no matter what!
I want to  @_BbBb_
i want to &quot;make somey music. make some money. find some models for wives&quot; aaah. where is my alesis micron?! 
I want to apologize to @skyrocketedfame. I didn't know that. I'm so sorry. I am so stupid. I feel so sad 
I want to ask him a question so bad.... but it is so hard to come right out and ask  http://tumblr.com/xhw1xd2d1
I hate MegaVideo  Stupid time limits
I hate mi weather  drove from the sunny side now stuck with rain back in Lansing!
I hate Mission Impossible movies.
I hate Monday 
I hate monday mornings ... Its too difficult to wake up 
I hate mondays  I wish I could go back to bed!
I hate mondays LOL. And looks like it's raining 
I hate Mondays, 5 more days till the weekend again  work work work
i hate Mondays. i don't know why. 
i hate mondays.... 
I hate mondays...been workin since 7am...getting out at 7pm 
I hate moraine valley online chemistry. 
i hate mornings  pls just shoot me
I hate most things but I really hate 5am 
I hate motorways 
I hate movies on mtv. 
I hate moving 
I hate moving, especially by myself. 
I hate moving, my apt is such a disaster with boxes everywhere 
I hate moving. Can someone please unpack and put everything away for me 
I hate mtv. why am i watching awards and pre show? oh,because my favorite band is a sell out 
i hate mushrooms and they are all thru my spagetti bolognaise.  
I hate my alarm clock, it does this thing where it wakes me up really early on a saturday morning to go to work 
I hate my allergies! I sound like a little kid all sniffly. 
I hate my arrival in the employee parking lot! 
i hate my bad condition skin 
I hate my BBM 
I HATE MY BLACKBERRY i lost everyones bbms. and then what? OMG. 
I hate my body 
i hate my body  so many scars and bumps.
I hate my body, I really do 
i hate my clothes!!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrh!!!! 
I hate my comp sci teacher 
I hate my computer, it's too slow 
i hate my face  okay going now!
I hate my feet... Today at the shoe shop I couldn't find even one pair of high heels that would fit my feet... Sad 
i hate my friends for making me go seven hours before the show 
i hate my grad dresss   its on thursday.
i hate my hair 
i hate my hair when its straight, it goes static 
I hate my hair.  It's so thin, frizzy and ugly. I wish it was normal like other people's.
i HATE my house!! it's ridiculas, and whats worse is people allow us to live in something that is falling apart, litterally!!  its freezin
I hate my hp keyboard. So hard to type. Then all my sms got typos 
I hate my inbox when it is the bearer of bad news 
I hate my internet connection 
I hate my iPod Touch. So addictive. Getting me in trouble with my parents. Shit, half-yearlys are coming up.. need to put in effort! 
I hate my job  Anyone wanting design, web development or any other arty work please let me know so I can leave.. http://tinyurl.com/d6rmh2
I wanna throw a spa party!!!  Except I have no money and like almost no friends to invite. 
I wanna throw my bra at Dia... 
I wanna throw stuff around. HAHA 
i wanna to go to kwick but my dad has maked jugendschutz in it so i can never go to kwick 
I wanna tweet my current FB status but its to long ....well damn 
I wanna update my blog, but I can't do it from my iPod  and I'm not moving from the garden until my exam,
I wanna visit Dylan.  Screw you Baby Bro of Swine.
i wanna vote for claire but the website isn't loading 
I wanna waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch Obsessedddddddddddddddd... grrrrrrr... :| I wuvv Sharon dammit... 
i wanna walk to the park.  someone come with meeee! || Kawaii as fuckk---&gt;  &lt;3 http://bit.ly/135Zjr &lt;3 :3
I wanna waltz  @court_funnymore
I wanna watch 17 again!  please mom
I wanna watch 17 Again.  They're watching it at Tobi's &amp; I can't go.
I wanna watch akon on July 4...  But i have no one to go with...     Who wants to go?? 
I wanna watch Angels &amp; Demons. Everyone i know hv already seen it.   suckerdot!
i wanna watch brit brit live in concert 
I wanna watch David Arculeta &amp; Cook's concert in MOA. 
i wanna watch david cook and david archuleta on stage!! 
i wanna watch fighting! when is it coming out 
i wanna watch friends. i'm too scared my dad will yell at me 
I wanna watch Gossip Girl season 2's finale badly. 
I wanna watch hairspray... Havta do a guard of honor wit d scouts tomorrow its gunna b so sad  i feel so sorry for orlaith and ellen
I wanna watch manu - indo super league.for the first time I wanna be in a crowd,crowd of people on stadium!I REALLY wanna watch it 
I wanna watch Metro Station live. I'm just not in the mood for something right now 
I wanna watch more but @dilladillon too tired of it 
I wanna watch Terminator but apparently so does everyone else  Pleeasseee let there be tickets please please please...
i wanna watch the awards but like the kiss concert thing I can't stay up until like 3am...i have school  screw it.
I wanna watch the full version of dr horribles sing along blog but cant find it anywhere 
I wanna watch the MTV Movie Awards!!!!  stupid, mexican mtv....
I wanna watch the MTVMA!!!  here it won't on live.. 
I wanna watch the trasnformers movie already! 
I wanna watch the v-league 
I wanna work out but I straightened my hair today. 
I want to attend a Rave sometime soon but with AC on my ass it is very hard to plan for anything. Bah I want to hit the tampa one bad 
I want to back to sleep... 
I want to bake banana pancakes. But I am sans bananas and a good pan to cook them in. 
I want to be 18 and get tattoos.  Everyone around me is getting them! Argh.
I want to be a dork and stay on my brand new laptop all day, not go to work for 8-9 hours fml 
I want to be a master of disguise 
i want to be a model :/ always funny how we always want what we can't have 
i want to be a part of E3   why do us Aussies always get the short end of the stick !!  #e3xbox
i want to be a rapper too  hate you taylor ! but i dream about be a rapper, but i want to sing with kanye west or chris brown (L)!
I want to be at #E3 with @coollike  Nintendo ftw.
i want to be at Disneyland! So much for my friend texting me back 
I want to be at home eating chocolate chip cookies and constantly being on twitter 
i want to be at home!!! 
I want to be at JavaOne, but I'm not. I haven't been since 2001...  http://ff.im/-3sUfM
I want to be at wimbledon with the men 
I want to be back at dbu 
i want to be back in bed asleep. i hate that i am responsible.  damn-it.
I want to be back in Ibiza with shelly, gemma, andi, andrew, and lee! 
I want to be back in my hometown, Japan!  They have the best food and treasures! Especially, their popsicles. Ahh, their popsicles!
I want to be back in Wales despite the lack of internet  Never thought I'd say that.
i want to be bueno-ing! 
I want to be downtown toniiiiight. 
I want to be free from this tests 
I want to be gene simmons' kid.  Nick ad sophie are lucky.  
I want to be hardcore but my mom won't let me 
I want to be in Atlanta right now.  Today should have been the @NKOTB concert here but it was canceled.   No Full Service for us..
I want to be in barcelona cheering on fernando  valencia maybe?
i want to be in dallas sooo badly today. 
I WANT TO BE IN MY APT IN THE CITY NOW AND I WANT TO SHOP ALONG BOURKE NOWNOWNOW I hate you aussie, why does everything close at 6 
i want to be in nyc right now 
I want to be in Ohio right with my sister!! 
i want to be in The Real World:Cancun 
i want to be in the sun  why do they set exams at this time of year??? less than a month till my holiday 
i want to be in the sun.  someone build me a garden.
i hate my job  lol actually, i hate humidity!
i hate my keyboard. i always make some mistakes  haha.. i could talk.. yeah.. that's more betert than write
I hate my knees 
i hate my laptop, cant install the sims 3 
i hate my laugh, it makes other people laugh 
i hate my life  lifes a bitch
i hate my life i have to buy a new board 
i hate my life right now 
i hate my life right now.  anthropology 21 is the worst course ever... I am sick thinking about the final exam on Monday!!! 
I HATE my life. 
I hate my life. :/ But l love him soo much.  lt kills me.
I hate My life. http://bit.ly/nyBEr  . In a crappy mood again. I'll tweet tmrw after I drink my sorrows away 
I hate my life. Why does school exist in my life. 3 days......... 
I hate my life... Goin to sleep to dream of a new one 
i hate my mom!! i need to see Demi!! 
i hate my mother! just want the weekend to come quicker!! 
I hate my nails!! Are horrible!! 
I hate my neighbors. I really hate them right now. 
I hate my outfit today 
i hate my PC now it is tooooo slowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww 
i hate my phone  damn qwerty keyboards always make me wanna buy them.
i hate my puncuation........ 
I HATE MY SIS MORE THAN HATE ITSELF!!  Morgan&amp;JudyBFFS
i hate my sleeping patterns .. i can never go to sleep @ night uugh 
I hate my suitcase. It's too damn small.  I can't fit half of the stuff I want in there. Let alone share it with my nephew. xP this sucks
I hate my throat! It's hurting  and i have a funny voice, even tho it's funny it is hurting!
I hate my tummy 
I hate my wisdom teeth. 
i hate my work 
I hate myself for likeing him 
I hate myself for making you cry. 
I hate myself for not knowing daddy's going home early. I'm ruining the plan 
I hate myself when i do stupid jokes 
i hate naps.... 
I hate nausea 
I hate needle's 
i hate needles. i dont want to get bloodwork done. 
I hate nightmares.    goin back to sleep.
I hate nights like this.... makes me think I'm the biggest loser in the world 
I hate no sex week 
i hate not bein able to just lay in bed with tho one i wanna be with 
i hate not being able to drive  maybe convincing someone to take me to Bing tmr. and I wanted to go to cafe *sadface*
I hate not being able to get into bands at shows when i don't know their music. 
I hate not being able to listen to music while i get ready 
I hate not being able to see clearly out of my right eye  help?
i hate not being able to see my baby 
I hate not being with my man I am so lonely 
I want to be on vacation so bad  Bring on the sun &amp; the beachhhh! 
I want to be out of the office by 12... not sure if that is going to happen 
i want to be outside and not stuck in the office...  its soooo nice weather and what bout me??
I want to be outside. 
I want to be quarantined so I don't need to go to school!! 
I want to be sat outside in the sun 
I want to be sleepy 
i want to be someone's #celebcrush *sighs dreamily* 
I want to be sunbathing! 
I want to be tired! Trying to go to church in the morning...I might not make it. 
i want to be YOURWENDY ? could u be MYPETERPAN? ? 
I want to become a fruitarian, but I wonder if @boobooleena would be displeased. 
i want to blog , i can't find the words 
i want to borrow an MX5 this weekend 
I want to buy a domain for a personal site but I get all confused with it. Help? 
I want to buy a jacket at #BFD but... I know concert crap is so expensive 
I want to buy a load of .hack// anime, but Amazon don't have very many of the right region coding 
I want to buy a MacBook for my return to school, but I can't afford it. 
i want to buy LVATT now 
I want to buy some ice-lolly moulds to make my own, but where would i get them from now Woollies has closed 
I want to buy some succulents and start potting them in pretty antique pots.  And making terrariums.  The one I bought at Quirk is dying 
I want to buy the beatles'... But my wife said NOOOOOO...  
I want to buy the Bed Bugs iPhone game. 
I want to buy the new TFT song but the stupid Itunes Italy hasn't got it!!!!   
I want to call my BFF but I think she's still aspeel 
I want to celebrate my new car but I am too grumpy about work-related DRAMA. Argh, argh, argh, argh. Amy = needs vacation from work 
I want to 'change'  I want to stop underestimating myself...and be the queen in that nas song (I know I can lalala)
I want to change my picture, but i can't 
I want to check my myspace but my dad has my laptop 
i want to chop off that one portion of my hair that the previous perm killed (i.e. dried, crinkly and ICKKKK).  
i want to chst with someone 
I want to come back up for your graduation and aarons party but i dont think its gonna happen. I have to find a second job asap 
I want to come home 
I want to convocate... 
i want to crawl back into bed and sleep for another six hours  i hateee working
i wanna write, but i'm not cool enough to make up a storylineee. 
I wannna go to the beach 
i wannnnt a neeeew phooooneee 
I want  http://bit.ly/r9Zyy Of course my feet can't handle such sexiness. Ever since bootcamp my feet haven't been the same. sigh 
I want  http://twurl.nl/ms5d4z and  http://twurl.nl/230zzb  @threadless #nomoney 
I want  Raybans 
I want #heroes to come back 
I want #layar pretty cool! But just for the Netherlands  should I move?
I want @iheartapirate to feel better. 
i want @samjmoody to follow me... 
i want @staceface4 to come to downtown etown and hang out cause i miss her!! 
i want @supermac18 to follow meeee  i would cry if he did
I want @thesims3 hella bad  uuughhh.
I want @vidaecaffe 
I want 100 followers  Haha, Im such a social butterfly.
I want 2 c my friend 
i want 2 follow automatically every1 who follows me ,but how ? tweetlater demo is over  now waat?
I want 2 go 2 the shed aquarium. I don't want 2 b hear I want go 2 the lake shore. Work is work!!!! I want 2 do yoga on the beach. 
I want 2 go back 2 bed! It's only 10 am &amp; my day has gone bad 
I WANT 2 GO SHOPPING.......AGAIN!  I know when shit is fugged up n my life...I eat,shop n masturbate excessively!
I want 3.0 
i want 7up and potato chips. owie my tummy. 
i want a &quot;verified account badge&quot; on my twitter  guess im not important enough lol
i want a &quot;wreck this journal&quot; so bad 
I want a 740   If I only had 50 more bucks.
I want a back/neck massage so bad 
i want a bbq 
I want a big brother 
i want a big mac meal now !! 
I WANT A BIKE soooooo much... and some lady in NY just stole the one I wanted!!! 
I want a bike..... 
I want a blackberry or a sidekick soo bad 
I want a BlackBerry, but my mom still pays for my cell phone. 
i want a bomb lumberjack breakfast date with creamy &amp;adri 
I want a boy to massage my feet 
I want a boyfriend with a british accent 
i want a boyfriend!! 
I want a breakfast burrito, but I'm not getting one  I woke up with a headache and i know it wont go away. I HATE Laptops
I WANT A C905 PLEASE!!!!! 
i want a cappucino skor blizzard. wait, they dont serve that flavor anymore  HMPH.
i want a Caramel Frappuccino! 
i want a cat! 
i want a cherry bakewell 
I want a Chihuhua soooo bad  Morning al btw xoxo
I want a CHLOE PARATY in Black so bad  dArn the scary price tag! http://tinyurl.com/nv9vdv
I hate not feeling good! I hate it WITH A PASSION!!! Blah... 
I hate not having a computer!!! Got it's so fucking annoying. I miss the youtubes 
I hate not having a qualificatiion 
i hate not having a remote for my cd player, cbf getting up to turn it off so i can watch the simpsons 
I hate not having anymore text messages. I feel so disconnected. And I'm not even home yet. 
I hate not having him around. and Im getting frustrated 
I hate not having Internet at work.....I'm a pro at solitaire now  lol
i hate not having twitterfox on this comp. not even gonna try to DL it as it would take too long.  boo.    CALL ME PEOPLE!!!
i hate not working on sundays 
I hate offices. Jeremiah is lucky not to come with 
I hate online forums. They make me cry. 
I hate orlando, lol. Celtics fought hard though 
I hate our new microwave. Everything I put in there explodes and makes a mess 
I hate packing sooo much... esp this time!   I'm so sick of it!!!
i hate painting i have white paint all over my hands 
I hate paying bills.. cant I run away and they stay here...  
I hate PE grading.  It should not be this hard to get an A 
I hate people bugging me when I'm in a good mood  like right about now.
I hate people trying to sell things door to door. I feel bad for shutting them down before they even start their pitch. 
i hate people who get food poising they scare the sh*t out of me 
I hate people who steel other peoples lunches out of the lunch room. 
i hate pimples 
i hate pollen!! woke up and had a sneezing attack  asthma and hayfever = BIGGEST ANNOYANCE EVER!!
I hate pooping in the morning cuz then i feel dirty for the rest of the day 
i hate power outages   im super bored
i hate previews 
I hate printing things &gt; Got to print 2 copies of a maths test. My ink iwll get wasted 
I HATE public restrooms 
I hate public transit 
I hate public transport  its going to make me cry.
I hate putting food away  #squarespace
I hate Python 2.5's datetime module 
I hate queuing in the post office. 30 mins just to post a letter. 
I hate rain because I can't wear flip-flops  (well I could, but then my feet would be cold and wet... bleh!)
I hate rain it ruins almost everything aaaaarrrrrrrrrrggggggggggg!!!! 
i hate rain its shrunk my converses  well maybe leaving them in the dryer for 2 hours didnt help lol
I hate rain. Suprisingly I don't hate work but please no extra hours 
i hate rainy days grrr 
I hate rainy days when I have to work super early 
i hate rainy sundays 
I hate rainy weather. 
I WANT TO CREATE @ohnoes , THE PAGE SAYS IT DOESN'T EXIST BUT TWITTER SAYS IT'S TAKEN WTC 
I want to create new logo....but haven't Idea yet 
I want to cry  1 year, 1 whole year Without @NKOTB!I'll tell you what Im gonna seize the day &amp; enjoy my next 3 shows like they are my last
i want to cry - drive second class, and the train is completely full 
I want to cry forever 
i want to cuddle with Jack but he wants no part of it 
I want to cuddle with nick right now 
I want to cut my lip off from this stupid ulcer! Trying to keep my mind off of it by writing papers  Awesome right?
i want to dance but my muscles are aching 
I want to die @peeder_topia. :[ come rub my tummy please 
I want to die! My valuations case study is so difficult!!  I wish someone could just do it for me 
I want to do colorful eyes tomorrow....suggestions?  No purple lol (allergy  )
I want to do commentary on weird VH1 shows like Julia Allison 
I want to do something fun this weekend 
I want to download #backtothefeature but I don't have a computer!!! 
I want to drink Caramel Snow Bubble of Tapioca Express in the US... 
I want to drink my wine and play my LittleBigPlanet. Antibiotics are destroying my loner habits. 
I want to drive to forks washington. I'm so close. I need a romantic lover to follow the moon with . 
i want to dye my hair into light brownish. but i'm pretty sure my sister or my mom won't let me..sigh 
i want to dye my hair right now..  my hair's gonna die 
I want to eat all this cashew brittle that I bought from russle stover 
I WANT TO EAT FAST FOOD. 
I want to eat something! But it's dark outside. So I shall resist 
i want to eat something, i'm a little bit hungry 
I want to eat sushi 
i want to email Apple but cannot find ANY email address!!!! 
I want to extend summer vacation 
I want to fall back asleep!  
i want to fast forward to next saturday.. pretty please? 
I want to fast-forward to Diversity 
I want to feel so fine! 
I want to feel well again. It's not fair  I'm sick of feeling sick.
i want to find a friend who wants to go to the beach.. pfff  boooooring
I want a chocolate 
i want a corn dog and a reeses i miss the usa 
I want a Crabby Patty 
I want a cupcake 
I want a Dell Mini 9 so bad - 'cept I have little reason to get one 
I want a dog 
I want a dog for my birthday, or whatever.  ah wish.
i want a dog! 
i want a dog...  
i want a dogeared necklace so bad i might cry, i cantt affordd it, nooooottt faaaaaaaaaaaiiirrr 
i want a doughnut 
I want a DroboPro! But Drobo.com seems overloaded 
I want a drumset. 
I want a fat frog ice pop but I don't think they're sold anywhere anymore  I want a fat frog!!!
i want a friend who makes brings me home and makes me turkey sandwiches when im drunk. 
i want a fucking FOB/Mark Hoppus octo drive 
i want a fun summer.  so far, it's been going up and down. fun times, boring times.
I want a glass of wine but all my reds were opened too long ago! 
i want a grilled cheese sandwich 
i want a guinea pig 
I want a Guitar Hero drum set 
i want a guy like carmello or jimmy 
I want a hair cut but my mom wont cut it 
I want a hammock. I've always wanted one. never got to. 
I want a hazelnut latte 
I want a holiday 
i want a hot bath and lots of sleep. 
I want a kitten. I miss my pussy. 
I want a lemon of my own 
I want a lil puppy so bad... I donno if I work to much to actualy have one tho   what are the best kinda dogs?
i want a love like taylor swifts 'crazier'... 
I want a luscious carbonara in a restaurant garden and Ive got no one to go with  poop!
I want a Macbook Pro 15 inch so bad but don;t have the money yet 
I want a Masi now!!! I gota get one... @lyfeonline I miss my car  lol 200 on the dash, man it was lovely...I was ridn-now I'm hooked... 
I want a milkshake and my foot hurts now   Stupid coat on the floor
I want a moleskine notebooks 
I want a monster and some jelly beans 
I want a nap with Mister McFox 
i want a new bike! i miss my pulsar and roadking 
i want a new cell phone  i dont want my blackberry curve 8900 anymore. i want the blackberry bold 
I want a new kitty  my baby Simba is a yr old and chubby. She's no longer mommys babyyyyy :'(
i hate reading when dumbly dies 
i hate reality 
I hate religious education &amp; my twisted teacher. 
I hate renos!!!!  lol hope everyone is having a great saturday, hubby has me frigging painting, i would rather be card making 
i hate revision. hate hate hate hate 
I hate revision. I'm feeling crappy today and all I want to do is curl up with knitting and DVDs and tea. But I can't 
i hate rs 
I hate running late 4 work! No time to stop for my diet dr pepper this am 
I hate running. May have to get into it though as no gym, no rollerblades and no kickboxing 
i hate sad days!  i hate SADNESS! ( it's frustrating to me! &gt;
I hate Sam for having me out my jammies and out and about during the day on my day off 
i hate SAT scores, i'm a mess 
I HATE Saturdays... they pass way too quick! 
I hate saying goodbye to my parents...  its never easy.
I hate saying goodbye. Ugh  &lt;3 Ducky
I hate saying goodbye... 
I hate school projects  someone entertain me
I hate school so much  and i hate the wind even more :l
i hate school! i can't believe it ...... im failing  big time!!! And i can't help it, i try and try but never get anywhere! 
I hate school. Getting ready... 
I hate school..why does anyone has invented the exams 
I hate science ! assignments are gay .... 
I hate seaweed ...........   and @melissachea! you never told me you got a car bitch!
i hate seeing a picture that brings back painful memories  Just causes a feeling inside that I would rather not re-live.
I hate seeing homeless people  it breaks my heart
I hate seeing my doggies so sad and in pain  makes me wanna cry.
I hate seeing my friends in pain 
i hate seeing things coming to an end. just finished watching the rise and fall of danity kane.  shannon's sooo pretty though.
i hate seetickets. i feel so mergh =/ 
I hate severe weather. 
i hate shadows 
i hate sharing sometimes. i need my powercord bc now my laptop battery is dying. my poor guy! 
I hate shifting !!!! but gotta do..no other option !! 
I hate shopping.  
I hate short lights at intersections! Specifically going south turning left onto 87 from quivera... 
I hate shots  But I guess its worth it to find out whats wrong with me.
I hate side effects  i didnt have a headache or drymouth before  [becca #1]
i hate sites that dnt hav emoticons! 
I hate sittin under the dryer 
I hate sitting here in this room, all my friends at the racetrack. It's like I'm grounded for something I didn't do. This blows! 
i want to finish the rest of grease  booo
i want to FORGUET, I NEED TO FORGUET. PLEASEE, PLEASE, NEVER WANT SOMETHING MORE THAN THAT!    pl e a se ...
I want to get a memorial tattoo so bad but I cant afford it 
I want to get back in my element! I'm missing it! Missing the flow and creativity!  ill be back soon though! (Y)
i want to get it done this weekend but i just spent $70 on gas and now cant afford it 
I want to get my belly button pierced, but it will hurt like a SOB! 
I want to get my Lady Ga Ga CD out of the car.... but alas it's pouring rain! &gt; 
I want to get my nails done.... the polish is chipping. Yucky. 
i want to get on a plane! 
I want to get Sims 3 sooooo much! I still need Â£22!  It's gonna be hard work, cuz I don't know how to earn it!
i want to get snakebites!! 
I want to get started in my own design business just don't how to go about it 
I want to get the Blackberry 8900 Javelin from Rogers but its too much $$ 
I want to get to facebook from work 
I want to get today over with so I can concentrate on tomorrow. And then It's the weekend! But then it's work again 
I want to get up and get ready for school, really I do.... But my brain won't let me.  And I'm severely unprepared for today n'all. Damn.
I want to give a big &quot;thanks&quot; to my FT team for a great party at our house yesterday....now the poopy part....cleaning up the mess. 
i want to glastonbury sooo baaad 
I want to go  http://bit.ly/acVfa
I want to go and see my friends tomorrow but shes is Spain 
I want to go away in the holidays, but I've got no one to go with or anything 
I WANT TO GO BAAAAACK!!!!! 
I want to go back to bed 
I want to go back to bed but i can't. 
i want to go back to believers  i miss that night, like no other man it was by far one of my favourite concerts
I want to go back to college 
I want to go back to sleep and stay home 
I want to go back to sleep! But work is calling 
I want to go Cherry picking but where the heck is leona valley anyone?  mmm cherries.
I want to go dancingggggg  mehh, I hate it that all my friends live far away.
I want to go eat cookies.  Damnit!  Why do they have to be so bad for you? 
I want to go enjoy the nice weather but I'll burn again 
I want to go get a pedicure, but hubby don't want to take me 
i want to go get my nails done reary bad  and I want those speakers... and a friend plz
I want to go have review classes too  BUMMER SUMMER :|
i want to go home  help me
I want to go home  hmph.
I want to go home  I'm tired...
I want to go home  This school is like jail... -.-&quot;
I want to go home an finish packing... I wish I could have go to lily's party to see all my fam 
I want to go home and go to a Cubs game at Wrigley!!! 
I want to go home and play with my Sims!  
I want to go home and reading my book. 
i want to go home and sleep in my warm bed...  i hate the rain...but only when i have to be out and about...hahah
I want to go home I love theater but this is giving me a headache. GET ME OUT OF HERE. please 
I want to go home to my mommy  saw her yesterday but missinÂ´ her crazy.
I want to go home! 
I want to go home. I am soooo freakin bored 
i want to go home.. 
I want to go home.. I'm missing you so.. 
I want to go home... 
I want to go home.... 
I want to go home............... 
i want to go on a summer holiday 
I want to go on holiday. 
I want to go out  Why must history be so, wordy?
i want to go out of my room and eat something but im trapped by a ladder 
I want to go out on the back deck naked n let the cool breeze dry my sweat, but my neighbors that could see are still up. 
I want to go out tonight, but no one else wants to... 
i want to go out with friends tonight 
i want to go out with my camera 
i want to go out, 
I WANT TO GO OUT, BUT I HAVE TO STUDY 
I want to go out. tapi hujan. howwwww? 
I want to go outside  the weather is just too perfect.
i want to go outside and play.. can you believe these two wanna stay inside?!?! HUMPH! 
I want to go ridin' with Bonnie this weekend...    Sounds wonderful and I have to WORK!
I want to go run! I miss it! 
I want to go running right now sooooo bad but I have to save it for tomorrow. 
i want to go see Britney's circus again but i dont have anyone to go with 
I want to go see Eskimo Joe and Evermore @ ANU, but I have no one to go with. 
I want to go see Star Trek, no time though 
I want to go see the Hangover SO bad.  I only wish a person would go see it with me ;)
I want to go see The Hangover tonight with Ryan but don't have a babysitter 
i want to go see the scenic at fletchers tonight 
i want to go see the yeah yeah yeahs and the arctic monkeys in july but i'm not sure i have the time. that totally sucks. 
I want to go see Transformers 2 again! 
i want to go shopping but sadly no one will go with me 
i want to go shopping...  miss my mummy want to spend a nice day with her.... love you, you're amazing &lt;3
I want to go somewhere. 
i want to go swim so bad. 
I want to go swimming outside. 
I want a new lappy 
I want a new life!!! 
i want a new name...i want a new user...i want to use exceptions but it's already taken 
i want a new phone  and new clothes :' (
i want a new phone so i can tweet anytime,anywhere! 
I want a new phone, but I don't like any of the phones currently available. 
I want a new tattoo dammit! Its been almost 3 months since my last one! 
i want a new twitternam...just don't know what to change it to 
I want a nice, expensive camera 
i want a om nom nom shirt  hurrrrryyyy ups jumpnow &amp; shannon 
I want a Palm Pre 
I want a Palm Pre but don't want to ever go back to Sprint 
I want a Palm Pre SO BAD! Yeah it's launch day today &amp; I have the money, but my Verizon contract doesn't expire until the 19th!  #palmpre
I want a Palm Pre. 
I want a PEN.  Will you get me one?
i want a pet 
i want a pink apple laptop 
i want a profile picture, but all my pictures are too big apparantly 
I want a proper daddy, one who cares 
I Want a PSX Again  I Miss it :/
i want a puppy ... from the pound. i cant believe that guy wouldnt sell me his french bulldog for $300 and an iphone 
I want a puppy and can't have one because i'm never home. Matt is googling puppies and showing me pictures 
I want a puppy, or a kitty, maybe a bunny. I WANT A ANIMAL!!!  Hmph. And the beat goes on.....
I want a rainbow lei and I has no cash! 
I want a really good beer right now. PBR isn't going to cut it. 
I WANT A REPLY FROM @TomFelton ! 
i want a shamwow 
I want a sham-wow 
I want a sim card now, please? 
I want a skylit drives new album now  and my signed album booklet .
I want a smart phone 
I want a snipe omg 
i want a sony dsc t900.  then again i also want world peace.
I want a subway veggie delite sandwich soo bad 
I want a tatto, but i'm really bad with needles!  annoying!
I want a tattoo. 
i want a tattoo.. but i need a parent's signature..  &amp; i don't know what to get.. lol
I want a teacup chihuahua so bad but it will never happen  well at least not anytime soon sighhhh
I want a Tenori-On sooooo bad. Why is it so expensive? It costs Â£919,00. 
I want a third day to this weekend 
i want a third wheel to come along  now we'rr on the bus with nothing to dolol
i want a ticket to the sold-out reading festival 
I want a Tiffany's key 
I want a tiny laptop - but NEED an office A/C.   Bummer.
I WANT A TWEET FROM @TomFelton !  Please? I wanna sleep happy tonight.
I want to go to #twtrcon  LOL!  Sounds fun, meeting all those people 
I want to go to @SlowsBBQ! Everyone keeps talking about it and I've never been. 
I want to go to a concert of blink 182! 
I want to go to a concert. 
I want to go to a festival this year.... but have really missed the boat 
i want to go to a museum! 
i want to go to a show festival but nobody want to come with me so i have to stay at home 
I want to go to a wedding. 
I want to go to America!  I think part of me belongs there. So lets start a 'plane fund' for me to fly there.
I want to go to bamboooooozleeee 
i want to go to bed but never can sleep 
I want to go to bed so badly, but I know that I can't 
i want to go to c John Legend!!  someone please throw a tkt my way and come get me nah...
I want to go to California, but under different circumstances. 
I want to go to Chilla Vista today, but can't!  I'm barely starting on my boards and I still have to finish my evaluation sheets. blah me.
I want to go to disneyland or six flags... I havent been since I was 8  
I want to go to Disneyland so bad! 
I want to go to EK with my team mates ! 
I want to go to Europe someday! When I get rich. Please  http://thundrrr.tumblr.com/post/118998032
i want to go to glastonbury please 
I want to go to Ichiban for lunch but no one will go!  
i want to go to Ihop 
I want to go to Ikea! Why does it have to be so far away? 
i want to go to Japan aswell. Im pretty bummed 
i want to go to japan following ë?¼ë©´ì‹? .. but i am poor..what a sad humanbeing i am. 
I want to go to kelowna soo bad 
i want to go to london NOW! 
i want to go to mall but i can`t coz i`m busy today 
i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice. 
I want to go to neptunes tonight. But i have no ride 
i want to go to one of the jonas brothers concerts 
i want to go to school  i reaaally miss it and i want to see 'him'. i miss him already  is it love? or a crush? WHY is life so hard?
i want to go to school tmrw. 
i want to go to singapore but my mother seems not 
I want to go to sleep but my mom and my sister are talking loudly about bandaids right outside my door 
i want to go to soundset.  stupid work.
i want to go to tescos in my pjs  .
I want to go to the 3eb concert @ Musikfest  I never miss a local show!!
i WANT TO GO TO THE BEEEEEEEACH! But if I do...I'd freeze  I HATE WINTEEEEEER!!
i want to go to the blink 182 concert 
I want to go to the bookstore~ 
I want to go to the carnival but no one will go on the rides with me 
I want to go to the Death Cab for Cutie Concert 
i want to go to the gym but i cant be arsed 
I want to go to the missouri botanical garden 
I want to go to the parade 
I want to go to the pool today. I hope it gets warmer than this. 
i want to go to the resevoir 
i want to go to the sea ...... and finish my examsss....   
I want to go to the Taste this weekend, but I have a lot of hw. 
I want to go to walmart or somewhere but I'm pretty sure that its not safe for me goin at this hour on a friday night alone 
i want to go to Warped 
I want to go to. Batting cage 
I want to gut someone 
I want to hang out and play!  But I can't.  Fiddle Faddle on my workload! 
I want to hate myself right now, but I know I did the right thing 
I want to have a bear 
I want to have a birthday drink. I have no one to have a drink with. I am sad.  My lips is stuck so far out a pigeon could land on it. 
I want to have kids. I *love* children. But I'm terrified of being a bad parent. Either that, or that my kid will be as bad as I was. 
i want to hear @mitchelmusso 's album so bad, but i got no monayyy! 
i want to hear patrick watson really bad 
i want to hear Solaris so much 
I want to help @taakeachillpill sell her mom`s pocket books in the clubhouse. 
I want to hold Jett  i miss him so so so much.
I want to hook up but i have gas 
I want to install IPB 3 now. Don't have the time  Later! 1:00pm It will be installed. I refuse to do anything else at that time!
i want to keep a pet. 
i want to know if we have got the house, i want my degree results and i want my parcel to be delivered whats so wrong with that!? 
I want to know the the song's name of  Veronica Mars's CM on AXN. Some people said that the song is FOW's ,but it is not correct 
I want to know where all the cute ndn boys are at, because they sure as hell don't live by me 
I want a underwater camera 
i want a vacation 
I want a waggle dance 
i want a webcam   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I want a white iPhone 3gs 
I want a yumy bottle of calpol 2 make me feel better 
I want a Z3 or Z4 hard top convertible soooooo badddly!  
i want all of the saturdays merch. 
i want all this Jon and Kate Plus 8 drama to end. 
I want an APC40 sooooo badly 
I want an Empress of Blandings 
I want an i phone more than anything 
I want an ice cream but there isn't any 
I want an Ice pop. 
I want an inFAMOUS code!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i want an iphone but i have sprint 
I want an iPhone but i'm on a contract with T-Mobile 
I want an iPhone guys.. 
I want an iPhone so much it hurts a little 
I want an iPhone. 
I want an iphone...BOOO to the blackberry..my one keeps fucking up every 5 minutes hmph! 
i want an itouchhhhh.   
I want an promo code  Im in bed though! No fair!  Anyone want to do me a favor? Hehe
I WANT ANNUAL DISNEYLAND PASSES 
I want another brain licker 
I want another Henna!  http://twitpic.com/7lueb
I want another one SOON 
I want another one:  http://twitpic.com/88doy 
i want another popsicle now 
I want another tatt 
i want another tattoo 
I want another tattoo. Really bad right now. 
i want applebees! and felicias a whore and is already there 
I want bacon and pancakes 
I want Baskin-Robbins' ice cream cake! 
I want bb Motta to play, stupid gialli 
I want bbq 
I want big sis Dino here right now. I need a hug and taco bell!! Digressing... Again  i don't want to stay in bed all week. Hug me?
I want Bioshock 2.  I want it now. I want it more that Sims 3. :|
I Want BlackBerry Now... 
I want boobs. 
I want boots  http://bit.ly/TPv0y
I want Brad on Twitter  
I want Brendon 
I want buffalo wings  And wicked oreos. Okay, someone take me to Flaming Wings 
I want Buffy...  Should I just watch season 3 now or wait till I've seen all of season 2?
I want center stage 
i want cheese cake 
I want Chinese for tea! Yet another leaflet came in through the mail slot a minute ago. Luton is really looking like a fast food haven 
I hate slaughter houses 
i hate sleeping alone... 
i hate sleeping late but i can't help it... i'm not tired. i need temporary love &amp; affection  FML.
i hate somebody. well, actually, they are two. both of them really sucks! they made my day miserable and frustrating. 
i hate sony vegas. always setting my stuff to 720p on a shitty camera 
I hate sore throat ... no swimming for me today please ... 
I hate spammers, hackers and everyone who wants to take advantage on little fansites like RD 
I hate spanaway now. I Shoulda kept my black as.z in a place i knew ugh. 
I hate Spanish 
I hate speeding tickets.  
i hate spending 
i hate staying up cause my mind just cant rest 
i hate stop and go traffic. 
i hate storms 
i hate straiighteennnin my hair ii burned my toes  !!! _dont even ask how i did thattt gotta finish gettn readyy
I hate studying for SS. I hate SS. I dont want to take that mock test tomorrow. 
i hate studying in my room while everyones livin it up in the living room 
i hate stupid research projects!!!!!!!!!! 
I HATE SUMMER SCHOOL 
I hate summer school  who needs to graduate? Not me!
I hate summer school bc that means @agblair is 3 hours away  Will Friday evening get here soon enough?
I hate summer.  It's too hot.
I hate summer. I'm sneezing on plant cum 
I hate summers wid wapda 
I hate summers.. 
i HATE sunburn 
i hate sunburn, its nipping 
I hate Sunday evenings! it just means getting closer to going back to work 
I hate Sunday evenings, no matter how much you do theres still so much left and then its work 
i hate Sunday nights 'cause i can never fall asleep 
I HATE Sunday nights, or Sunday in general. it is a horrible day, reminds me i have to go to school 
I hate Sunday, I always feel down 
I hate sunday. so boring. 
i hate sunday.....The end of the weekend 
i hate sundays 
i hate sundays  blahhhh
I hate Sundays where I have to work. 
I hate Sundays! These days are soo boring  Want do something!
I hate taking days off. Now I'm going nuts trying to catch up what I've been missing 
I hate taking pills ugh, it's gay. I caught a cold out here 
I hate technology...I think my hard drive died...again 
I hate TEDs. 
I hate Telus 
I hate tests 
I Hate th start of x men  its the only thing i remeber  about the movie  Me a 6 year old watching x men the start snt a good memory
I hate that a text woke me up at 5:30. Off to work for the day. 
I hate that all my EST &amp; CST friends have gone to bed already, cuz now I have no one to keep me entertained anymore. 
I want to know who is responsible for this damn fever I have! And why do I always get sick on the weekend? 
i want to learn how to sew, i am finding the most amazing sewing projects lately and i have no idea how to do any of them 
I want to learn how to swin  don't know how but I did shower !!! Hehe.. my caddy is not a good swin coach !! Hahnaa...
I want to learn to play bagpipes but I just read that a good set starts at $1000 and goes up. Maybe I should stick with drums. 
I want to leave already 
I want to leave this house 
I want to leave this town 
I want to listen to my zune but I can't find my head phones 
i want to listen to the chart show when mcfly co hosted it but i cant find any good quality versions  Xx
I want to live in California 
I want to live in peace!! 
I want to look just like @heidimontag but don't think I can pull off the hair 
I want to look the TCA on August 10 09  But i cant... my tv haven't FOX!!! Because i live in GERMANY ... *cry*
I want to make a .mov file into a screensaver (Mac) - seems too complicated for this gal 
i want to make an artbook 
i want to make brownies but i dont have brownie mix 
I want to make everyone happy, but sometimes it's just not possible 
I want to make my own WoW guild. Thing is, I've been out of the game for so long, and I a rerolling a new char. Iono where to start. 
I want to make youtube videos but i have no camera 
i want to move but i don't want to move. now that i have a chance, things feel different. 
I want to move to New Zealand, anyone wanna come with? 
I want to nap. 
I want to not hate trying on clothes anymore 
I want to own a tambourine!! 
I want to party and get wasted, but I cant 
I want to party hard 
I want to play Fallout 3. All day. But I can't.  Have to pack some more things. And I'm making &quot;to do&quot; lists, too.
I want to play on my iPhone but i'm not even at home to charge it yet.  I also need to get a case for it. 
I hate that by 830, even after an hour+ nap, I'm ready for bed 
I HATE THAT CLOWN PENNYWISE!  I hate the sewer now.
i hate that excited feeling you get when you see you have a new email, but then you realize that oh. it's just frickin' spam. 
I hate that feeling of knowing you're going to get yelled at as soon as you get to work. 
i hate that feeling you get when you listen to a song and it completely reminds you of how things used to be &amp; you get emotional 
I hate that franks on probation.  i miss seeing his &quot;faces&quot; around ventura 
I hate that he wouldn't even tell me what's wrong. 
I hate that I can't do anything today. 
i hate that i can't express myself without feeling like the 'bad guy' 
I hate that I can't sleep wahhh wahhh 
i hate that i don't like ball point pens because my france journal got wet in the rain and now i can't read the top 1/4th of most pages 
I hate that I fail everything in life. *is such a loser* 
I HATE that I forgot my BlackBerry at home today! 
i HATE that i have no pic  that makes me feel minuscule... i'm not minuscule at all....!
I HATE that I have to work in the morning!!! I guess it doesn't really matter, no invites to go out anyway 
I hate that I never feel full, I feel so hungry all the time 
I hate that i still love you ! 
i hate that i still smile crooked cause i effed up my bottom lip having a lip ring for so many years. sucky 
i hate that im a sucker for love. r&amp;b songs make me emotional. blah!  lol
I hate that I'm going to be at work all day and the rest of my house is off 
I hate that I'm up this early on a saturday. It would be cool if it were for something fun. Ill be at work for the next 12 hrs. Woot? 
I hate that it still gets to me 
I hate that JJB only do 4/5 NBA teams jerseys. It's so annoying. 
I hate that my computer has some kind of virus and I hate that I can't upload a simple picture of myself  ugghhhh!!
I hate that my life is being controlled by a stupid working schedule that someone else sets up for me . 
I hate that new show the listener cause all this mind reading stuff comes out after twilight gets famous!!! 
I hate that nitro room. Aaaaaah! If he only knew, he would've had the dude in charge of that. 
I hate that no one I know is up right now.  
I hate that place!  
I hate that the moment everyone leaves, I get really sick... 
I hate that there is coffee in my office but no cups! Now I just have to smell it. 
I hate that they can't make a simple lettuce and tomato salad in restaurants anymore 
I hate that this monkey documentry clashes with Flight Of The Conchords. It better be repeated soon 
i hate that this weekend is all clouds and rain  i want sunshine on my days off!
i hate that when big brother is on the whole of the channel 4 network (E4 in specific) changes and cancels shows for big brother 
I hate that you can't edit loose-in-the-tweetisphere tweets, as you always notice spelling mistakes a millisecond after clicking 'update' 
i want chocolate but cant have too much coz i dont fit into my bridesmaid dress  lol
i want chocolate buttons  ..
I WANT CHOCOLATE!!!!! Clean and sober now for 11 days....feels like an eternity 
I want chocolate: I can smell it, and the bars in the shop are calling me.  http://is.gd/Qjbj
I want christmas to come 
I want Chuck season 2 
I want coffee but none here  
I want coffee really bad right now!!!! 
I want coffee, but it's rainy and cold outside... Why doesn't my building have anything here?! 
I want coke!  http://tumblr.com/xc623kgik
I WANT CONVERSE TOO 
I want creamcheese and bacon stuffed chicken..  
I want cupcake!! It's taking forever to get this update. 
i want dan to come home  booooored!
I want Danny's reply 
I want david archuleta's &quot;teenage magazine&quot; thats in singaporee 
I want dazzle, 
I want Dec to be my dad 
I WANT DEMI LOVATO AND THE JONAS BROTHERS TO COME HERE. I WANNA SEE DEMI!! 
I want dennys 
I want dinner but there is no food here 
i want dulce de leche 
i want e carpet!! But its freakin ex! A small carpet costs 2000! Wth.. I'm sad 
i want el co!!! 
I want exams to end...and yet, at the same time, I DON'T. This is such an SPM throwback. Except in A Levels, it's harder to say goodbye 
I want fish!!! 
i want followers  doesnt anyone like me anymore  
I want food 
I want food. I don't feel like making anything... 
I want fooooood. Stupid contractors 
i want foooooood 
i want fooooooood. 
I want free hot dog on a stick ! 
I want french fries but it's only 10:33  smh
i want fruit for smooothies!!  bored so i want to cook SOMETHING.. but too hot 
i want go home.. 
i want go out, but feel sorry for my mum  x
I want Guitar Hero:World Tour SOO bad. 
I want Halo 3, or my DS! None which I have here! 
I want happy Thursdays back! 
I want hearts and stars on my tweets and my bf won't show me how 
I want Help Me Howard to give me 1,000 dollars. 
I want her back so badly... it sucks when the one wish you want to be granted the most can't in anyway come true 
I want her to have all the things that I could not give her.   I hope she finds that smile again. I know she will. ;)
i want him 
i want him right beside me now 
I Want to play ps3 ;( ! and go out with friends 
I want to play PS3 games online more. Don't really have friends to play with 
I want to play Rockband. 
i want to play sims 3 
i want to play Sims 3 for a wee hour but i'm scared it'll turn in to 2 hours.....3 hours....it's so blooming addictive 
i want to play sims 3 so damn bad  its sad really but i have to wait till next pay period to get it.
I want to play the Criminal Minds drinking game! It would just seem kind of sad without someone to play it with me. 
I WANT TO PLAY THE SIMS 2, BUT I'VE LOST THE CD 
i want to play the sims 3 
I want to play the sims 3. 
I want to play WoW 
i want to play wow  gisssus some money pl0x
I want to post lol cats on here but I can't 
I want to program  but I can't seem to find the time today...
i want to protest against my orthodontist my teeth fucking hurt 
I want to put Brandy's &quot;Afrodisiac&quot; on my MySpace profile, but they don't have it!!! 
I want to read, but my head and eyes hurt. 
i want to rent a boat upnorth 
I want to repack camp stuff but lazy but i want!  - http://tweet.sg
I want to return the time behind in the moment in where I was in the Concert of Jonas Brothers!! In times of Nostalgia 
I want to rewind time . Preferably last week 
I want to ring him.. Sooo much 
i want to rip out my esophagus right now 
i want to rip this sewn on bandage off my face, it has to be here for a week and it's super annoying. my cheek hurts so bad, 
I want to rock out, but it time to go to sleep 
i want to run but i can't 
I want to say, God, Im so sorry for acting like a child this day. 
i want to scream. stupiddd people suck 
I want to see @RealRobBrydon in Wales. No dates announced yet. 
I want to see a movie  But that is the one thing I refuse to do alone.
I want to see Alyssa! &lt;3 
I want to see Away We Go so much and its not playing within 50 miles  this is the kind of thing that drives me to download!
I want to see blink....why can't they come here 
i want to see cmt music awards 
I WANT TO SEE DISPATCH NEXT WEEK 
I want to see 'Drag Me to Hell' but there's no set release date in OZ 
I want to see Jac 
i want to see JONAS so bad but im gonna have to rely on the internet for like, another few months coz i have no idea when it airs here 
I WANT TO See Lady Gaga 
i want to see mcfly tonight  pooy much
I hate that you don't believe me when I say that I like you 
I hate that, because of spam protection, I have to &quot;get email working&quot; with some people. 
I hate the 360 degree view mirrors in changing rooms. Now having a bad hair and fat day 
I hate the day before your day off . . . all you can think about is tomorrow. What a WASTE of today!! 
i hate the dentist  he tortures me :'(
I hate the dentist  just got 2 more fillings. I cant feel my face
i hate the dentist  now work til 7 i believeee..and most likely working my arse off at the gym after :X
i hate the dentist....who invented them anyways?
I hate the doctors office  .. wait... then whats gonna happen when I become a doctor? am I gonna hate my job?
I hate the enter key sometimes you know! anyway, i really suck at choosing cellphones.. hard to tell which one is good even with specs 
I hate the excitement of pouring a bowl of honey bunches of oats, only to be disappointed by a lack of milk 
I hate the eye goop that dogs get 
I hate the fact that I was sleeping so good and then got woken up by my kids who evidently can't sleep!   We'd better get to sleep in!
I hate the fact that I'm genuinely excited about my last tweet 
I hate the fact that in by school you can repeat the year if in september you fail more than 2 
i hate the fact that it is so nice outsidee, and im inside doing revisionn 
I hate the feeling I get when I look down at my ciggarette and realize its almost gone 
I hate the freakin LAKERS... Ugh 
I hate the hiccups 
i hate the hospital. i hate that little room where they do the bloods. ehhh 
I hate the hospital.. Just gimme my prescription so i can start feeling better. 
I hate the international shipping rates. They are too high for me. I don't want to spend this much money but I want those things. 
I hate the internet tonight. It ruined everything 
I HATE THE INTERNET! GAH! 
i hate the itunes store. i've been trying to download the same movie for 2 days.... i'm getting very frustrated...very very frustreated 
i hate the korean version of hana yori dango  plz stop! i think i might start 1 litre of tears or idk someone give me an idea!
I Hate The Name keely. That Bitch. Rawr. -mumbles- dosent invite me to her STEVIE B'S b-day party.  im sad
I hate the people that live upstairs!!!!!! Shut the fuck up!!!!!!! I'm tired and cranky.. 
I hate the people who work on the roads. 
I hate the rain 
I hate the rain !!  
I hate the rain during schooldays. 
i hate the rain so much  clouds make me sad. at least i have cereal.. ugh i can't stand my dad &gt;:o
I hate the rain when I'm in a car 
I hate the rain when im workin and have to walk up and down in at my lunch breah 
I hate the rain!!! 
I hate the rainnnn...it makes my allergy three times worse! 
I hate the smell of hospitals..brings back bad memories 
I want to see my baby Now!...not in a few days. 
I want to see my boo @Sooooshi today  I hope she's feeling better.
i want to see my friends  i miss them..
I want to see my report card 
I want to see RK in concert. 
I want to see Roswell season 2! but nothing doesn't work now 
i want to see the hangover! but everyone is seeing it already 
i want to see 'the hangover'. 
I want to see the hannah montana movie again 
i want to see the HM movie now..): so i'm feeling 
I want to see the MTV awards right now ! but unfortunately I must wait 'till thursday 
i want to see the next gossip girl episode! 
I want to see The Proposal tonight for the midnight premier but nobody wants to go 
I want to see transformers 
i want to see transformers movie so bad but i couldnt 2day. 
I WANT TO SEE TRANSFORMERS!! and Year One and The Hangover..... it's a shame @mitchelmusso isn't in the hannah montana movie much 
I want to see Wolive again 
I want to see Year One so bad but we leave for europe thursday and it comes out friday. 
I want to set up my hammock, but we only have one tree 
i want to shop super badly 
I want to show you all my new shades! Photos up soon, hold on. 
I want to shower all day long 
i want to shower but these stupid bitches wont leave my house 
I want to sign up for the Travel Channel Filmmaking Academy! Except it's $2,000 that I don't have 
I want to sit in a cupboard and hide away... 
I want to sleep but also want to read. Jordan might be kicking it on the east coast with me later this summer! I miss him  CA is too far!
i want to sleep but i can't 
I want to sleep but my brother is watching a DVD in his room 
I WANT TO SLEEP NOW !! Please  ... my mom says: &quot;IF U DON'T SLEEP NOW, U SLEEP BETTER BEFORE&quot;... but I want to sleep RIGHT NOW u_u
I want to sleep the whole day! 
I want to sleep!  I keep waking up   I wish I had cuddles.
I want to sleep, just for 4 hours....I really hope I wake up in 4 hours...... 
i want to sleep.... i am tired..... but my brain wont sleep  damn insomnia
I want to smell again. 
i want to so bad mess around wif my hair and fix(cut) but i want it to grow longer so no cutting for me 
I want to start a new Objective-C/Cocoa project but I just don't have any good ideas right now 
I want to start a site called totallylegaltracker.com, but it seems like LegalTorrents already has it covered 
I want to start making vlogs on youtube, but people can be really mean sometimes 
I want to start running again... but I ALWAYS get shin splints. So painful  Sigh.
I want to stay and work for the whole summer!  I'd totally drop my course if I could =/
I want to stay home 
I want to stay in bed all day. 
I want to stay up for The Tonight Show! 
I want to stretch my ears. I wish i had earings 
I want to support but Iz feel empty and sad when I can't see me 
i want to swim in the pool but i had my laundry picked up last night.  no towel, no swimming stuff. http://plurk.com/p/12b2dn
I want to take a walk  I hope someone wants to accompany me
I want to take angelo to lego land bt its to far...  does anyone have any ideas to take a 7 year old for a fun day
I want to take cool trips and awesome pictures too 
I want to take dance classes!! 
I want to take Lauren to Dora but its $142 for 2 fucking tickets after txmaster charges. arrrr. I hate not being able to do this for her 
i want to take pictures &quot;just for fun&quot; again..... 
I want to take pictuuuures 
I want to talk to him just once! BUT I'm NEVER going to. Woohoo! Shy me!!! Bummer 
i want to talk to laura 
i want to tan. and the freaking weather wont let me  bummmmmmmmer.
I want to trade my iPhone 3G for the iPhone 3G S. The 16gb 3G S costs the same as my 8gb 3G - how unfair 
I want to train Summoning so badly. 
I Want To Travel Right Now..But I Have To Wait Till Next Wenesday 
I want to twit on computer. But I'm afraid dad come home suddenly then we act so awkwardly! 
I want to use Twitter from my Phoneeeeee. 
i want to vacuum the rest of my house but that would probably piss off my neighbors 
I want to visit japan. 
I want to vote, but I don't know if I can vote from another country  http://disq.us/kvx
I want to wait him but i think he will go online late.  what the heck. haha
I want to wake up and have it be Sunday. Sunday two years ago, before all the shit went down and the church lost appeal. I miss you both. 
i want to watch &quot;i am legend&quot; but i am afraid of scaring the crap out of myself when i am all alone alllll night 
I want to watch a bad movie but i cant 
I hate the stage that my hair is at right now 
I Hate the stupid rain...now I'm not going to Wonderland.   
I hate the sun and the sun hates me. Boo sunburns 
I HATE the Target in Brooklyn....all the workers are ASSHOLES with no common sense...I hate to generalize but in this case it's the truth 
I hate the V plotarc on True Blood  that poor chubby vampire guy getting staked was so sad
I hate the waiting game that comes along with putting in an offer on a bank owned property. It can either be really fast or really slow! 
i hate the way my life is going today so far 
I hate the way this app sometimes posts my mssgs as tweets! 
I hate the weather like this. It's warm but misty as hell and it's supposed to pour later 
I hate the woman who stole the towel that Danny threw to us ( @Zeeta, @Coniciita )  
i hate these early mornings. 
i hate these earthquake. I always think it's going to be the big one 
I HATE these young passengers (UM) : why can they get on the plane before everyone ?  unfair.
I hate thinking about you. 
I hate thinking that people are igoring me 
i hate this  i'm just gonna be emo all day
I hate this chair. It hurts me in so many places 
I HATE THIS CLASS! 
i hate this cold  please go away.
i hate this day more than everything .. i miss you so much my lil princess  RIP - Terra
I hate this diet  first meal of the day just not, and all the food can fit in the palm of my hand lol
I hate this feeling 
I hate this feeling right now 
i hate this feeling.    
i hate this feeling. please make it go away... 
i hate this freakin P.E independent study thing 
I hate this game 
I hate this heat! 
I hate this humidity 
I hate this job with every fiber if my being 
I hate this mood...I'm somber and I just don't have the energy to keep myself busy...so I'm just sitting around crying 
I hate this movie.   this guy cant catch a break 
i HATE this new digital tv thing, its soooo confusing for people that dont have cable tv 
I hate this non-stop rain. Went to the nearest grocery store and I'm soaked in rainwater. 
i hate this not being able to sleep thing  stuck watching &quot;scream&quot; nothing else on..
I hate this part....time to say goodbye to the Pacific  http://myloc.me/2ZTT
I hate this place. I want to go home 
I hate this place. I'd rather be at the strawberry festival with kat 
I hate this rain!! 
I hate this rain. We've had about 1.5&quot; in the last two hours and it's STILL  coming. Poor Beau. He'll be suffering from the mold 
I hate this time zone diff. thing!! ALL THE ACTION HAPPENS WHILE I'M SLEEPING !!!!!!  
I hate this town! I hate that school! And that people!  I want my home! And I want now!
I want to watch a movie but have no movies to watch.  FAIL.
I want to watch a scary movie but I'm afraid to watch one by myself 
I want to watch aladdin. Badly.  NEED DISNEY MOVIES!!
i want to watch dora's movieeeeee! 
I want to watch Epsiode 2 of True Blood!!  But it won't work!!!! 
i want to watch more, but my downloads aren't working right now  wow i really should stop watching shows and study for ap tests -_-
i want to watch mtv awards  lol where can i find all the coverage?
i want to watch MTV movie award but i dont have MTV  i'm missing out 
I want to watch showgirls again   oh well sleepy time!  Goodnight twiggas!  Lol thx bean, I love that word
I want to watch Skins......................................................... 
I want to watch supersize me 
I want to watch the bachelorette but I don't have a converter box... 
I want to watch the Italian Job, but I don't think I have it.... 
I want to watch the movie awards :O But It's not shown on the MTV we have 
I want to watch the MTV Awards SOOOO BAD!!!!!  But my cable company don't offer mtv   
I WANT TO WATCH THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS TODAYY. NOT FAIRRRRRR 
I want to watch the MTV movie awards! Why don't we get to watch it? 
I want to watch the office  
i want to watch the star trek movie... but instead i'm here, sad day 
I want to watch Transformers!  Dear robots, hurry up!
I WANT TO WATCH TRUE BLOOD ... i missed it yesterday 
I want to watch up 
I want to watch Up!  el Salto Angel se super lindo en la peli :O
i want to wear shorts today but i think its too cold 
I want to work for Oprah she just to everyone who works for her on vacation all 1700 of them 
I want to work on the project but my mind don't  so sleepy T_T boyfriend is M.I.A too T_T
I want to: study abroad in Australia! Get lifted in Amsterdam! Peep the Music scene in Canada! hit up Drum&amp;Bass clubs in London! but no $ 
I want tom mason to sign my cast 
I want tuna &amp; salmon sashimi, B.C. rolls and dragon eye. 
i want twitter in my phone.. but how? 
i want twitter on my fone 
I want Tyler White 
i want vacation !!! 
I want vacations!!!   Grrrr....
I WANT VAMYYYY TODAY ;) ;) missed them all weekend 
I want Waffle House but its so fatty. 
I want Wagamamas ! 
i want want to read read 'i kissed dating goodbye' 
I want wat I want when I want it!! N if I don't get it hell yeaaa ima b upself- for a little bit  http://myloc.me/4uWO
i want WWE LEGEND OF WRESTLEMANIA  FOR XBOX 360
i want you so bad right now  right beside me, way close. me smothering you with kisses...
I want you there! 
I want you there....and you promise you trust me? you seem unsure 
I want you to broadcast the talk show of the graphic design live.  
I want YOU. 
i want your pin when you get it! tiffany was making fun of me bc i only have 2 bbm contacts  no one else has a bb!
I WANT ZAC FOR ME 
I Want, I want, I want!!!  http://www.atomicfloyd.com/hidefdrum
I want, I want, I want, an Elinchrom Ranger Quadra Kit - fantastic piece of kit. I think it'll have to go on my wish list 
I want/need a job...oh man  anyone know anywhere?
I wanta go home i didnt wannt to come here in the first place 
i wanted a mushroom tamal. i got a green tamal instead  i was so upset
I wanted Alison to win ANTM!!!!  
i wanted andy roddick to win 
i wanted baby to stay with me today... 
I wanted everything to be perfect today for him but he looks more unhappy than i last saw him  its your birthday baby.
I wanted guppy's 
I wanted t0 go to back to the Zoo today! 
I wanted that squirrel   ï¿½ï¿½l Berto!
I WANTED TO APPLY TO BE A EXTRA ON dEMI LOVATO'S VIDOE BUT .. I HAVETO GO TO SCHOOL ITS FINALS WEEK  crap
I wanted to bake a cake for my dad, but we don't have enough apples  Stupid stores, why aren't they opened on sunday?! T___T
i wanted to be in the sun today but it is raining 
I wanted to do a trial run of my An Event Apart presentation at BarCamp NYC this weekend but there's absolutely no way I'm gonna be ready 
I wanted to get drunk or high or drunken high tonite but none of that happened 
I wanted to get married once, but my fiance fell in love with another invisible person. 
I wanted to get woken up by my favorite boy from 3000 miles away and instead I woke up to IMs that his phone is off. 
I wanted to give blood for my 17th bday, but i'm underweight  I have to be atleast 7st 12 so im over a stone out. this makes me sad 
I wanted to go  but Brazil is very far from NY hehehe
I wanted to go clothes shopping today but nobody wants to go with me. 
I wanted to go out tonight 
i wanted to go see Hangover but we got out too late  boooooooooo
I wanted to go so badly.    I fully intend to whine about this at least all day.
i wanted to go to bamboozle!!!  i am so mad!!
I wanted to go to the Cyndi Lauper concert in Munich... but now it's canceled 
I wanted to go to the farmers market for lunch today but I don't think ill be going in this crappy weather 
i wanted to learn guitar in my holidayz... but bad luck... holidayz made me lazy... 
i wanted to listen to @AC_1 today, but i didnt get home i time from work 
i wanted to make a video, but my stupid eye is still red  stupid allergies.
I wanted to name my foster kitty Zoey, but there's already a Zoey at the shelter..... 
i wanted to order the twilight dvd but it's not released in germany yet! damn. have to wait till 10th june 
I wanted to play baseball 
I wanted to prove myself that it's possible to do a full make up at 30ï¿½C without an air conditioner. I almost melted but did it...  
I WANTED TO SAY GOODBYE TO YOU BEFORE I LEFT BUT I CAN'T, I CANT, I CAN'T DO IT :'( I WISH WE'D STAYED FRIENDS 
i wanted to see a movie today,   
i wanted to see adventureland and it never came out at tuggerah!!! 
I wanted to see Nadal in the flesh! Even if I'm not front row 
I wanted to see one.  If/when you find out more, keep me posted pls! 
i wanted to see the bear  ... we couldve been besties
I wanted to see the police arrest someone outside the dorm, but the others wanted to go so I missed the action 
I wanted to sleep in 
I wanted to spend the day in the sun but its hiding behind clouds 
I wanted to take my bike to work, but it looks like its gonna rain.. 
I wanted to travel the united states all over in a summer long road trip. But i dont have a reliable car and i cant use the parents 
I wanted to try to wear shorts tomorrow, but I couldn't find any that aren't too big on me  #chickenlegs
i wanted to watch that thing about steve-o but i forgot... 
I wanted to watch the Jurassic Park trilogy four days ago. Haven't watched it yet. 
I wanted to watch The Puppet Master. But when I went to look I realized I no longer own a copy of it. That makes me a sad panda 
I wanted to watch Up. 
I wanted to watch Year One... awww 
i wanted to wear my cute white shirt tonight at the meeting b/c it makes my ladies look scrumptuous lol but its gonna be too cold. boo. 
i wanted to write something all deep and makes u think like everyone else does but can't think of anything 
I wanted to write something but then I forgot 
I wanted too but u would of taken my chips 
i wanti get sims 3 now haha. everyones going on about it 
I wanto have a pet ..but my rommie does not want it... 
I wants Paramore and Good Charlotte to tour the UK post haste otherwise I might cry 
@jdarksun Mario isn't ambiguous, the pokemon (anime at least) the guys are obviously straight, the others I guess is me projecting... 
@jdarter Oh! Haha... dude I dont really look at em unless someone says HEY I ADDED YOU. Sorry  I'm so terrible at that. I need a pop up!
@jdcrowley gutted about Juliet, I really hope somehow she's ok... poor Sawyer.  If they've killed her just to reboot Skate I'll be pissed!
@jdee313 Stranger...we had an agreement I thought?! 
@jdeguzman me too 
@JDelgaado sorry, my batterys gone  have to wait 20 mins to call again and TEXT!?
@jdfmcok sorry to hear that. 
@jdfwoods Yep, I'm concerned.  
@jdgonzales so upset u haven't twitted me yet  come on suga daddy!!!
@jdhasvengeance No love for me? 
@JDiz sometimes we got to pay the price... at the end is all worth it. But I know the feeling. 
@jdmh615 what did you get into last night?! aka what did i miss 
@jdnorton i wish you had a downtown office. 
@jdnorton I'm not buddies with the am. 
@JDNX what are you having to eat? I'm soooooo hungry 
@JDNX wtf I opened the link and it opened like 20 tabs :s my silly pc 
@JDocc Yeah it hurts  haha bit silly though.
@Jdoggs suuuupppeeeerrrrr gross. 
@JDohy I made toast and tea..but then I eated it for myself....so.... 
@JDohy the horrible thing is there are no real hard and strict guidelines for manufacturers. I think there is a EU max..but dunno what. 
@JDohy they are nasty things. I try to recycle my ones. I have seen 1-5mg (vapour) Mercury in a CFL, but the long strip ones are lot more 
@jdon_tellem lol...ima do it...not cuz u said so, but cuz there's nothin to do 
@JDoreCouture I wish I was there too! 
@JDot1911 LOL @ &quot;uh, true&quot;. Yeah, Lionhearted mixtape is hot, still in my rotation...now you no reply to my email? 
@JDotSlinky lmao saw that last night...I was really tempted to hop on the train but I def wouldn't have made it in 15 minutes 
@jdpeterson  hope you feel better. why cali?
@JDpregnancy I'm in the opposite boat.  We finally have a rain free weekend and I have to work BOTH days!  
@jds0321 i'm sad that i didn't get to hear ellen's call to gladys at work....  
@jdsharman Yes, spoken to him a few times - he's playing it typically cool... Was supposed to visit last week, but our kids were ill 
@JDuckworth I'm so jealous! Wish I could join u. It's so cold in LA right now. 
@JDWingo Great job.  Would have loved to have been there...cracked frame though   Stupid lightweight stuff...
@jeadly Are they really? Great. I didn't know that. 
@jealousydesign A few days apart is healthy but after a few weeks I miss him   I worry more about him flying    4 degrees!! brrrrrrrrrrr
@Jean_Pierce OOC:  I think it is.  I am having to send DMs more than once.  They disappear.  
@Jean_Pierce OOC:  Okay.  Let him know we miss his smiling, guffawing face.  
@jeanakeough jeana is  it true that you wont be returning to the next season.. PLEASE TELL ME.. im sad 
@jeanandyj Clearly my jealousy is showing thru =/ I'm tired of the beaches here, I wanna be in NC too *tear* 
@jeanbeanirene @niceraq : No   The girl in my age division that won did her 5K in ~17:19 O_o&quot;  I get 1 free jamba for running tho!
@JeanetteBern Sorry JJ i missed that post  I'll make sure do so next time.
@Jeanetteix i think my phone hates me..  it got your previous tweet, but not the one @ me, weird...
@jeanettejoy Well, that's probably so true. Poorly, very few people I follow and am much interested in to meet them, don't live in the NL 
@JeanetteLim awee ! i feel bad for the snail and you 
@JeanGrae  it was a usendit link u sent. *sadness*
@JeanGrae That's fucked up... I was just messing around.    COLDBLOODED!
@jeanh i hate myspace  it's so slow and it doesn't load for me most of the time 
@JeanieBuss aww what Phil will not be at the Parade 
@JeanineFuentes tripped and fell going up a flight of stairs...cracked the toe nail and everything 
@jeanini75 Hello, many people put on mask for flu &amp; pollen allergy in Tokyo 
@jeanjean Why naman? 
@jeankai hey, it's at CNN now.  sad... 
@JeanLevertHood I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@JeannaMiller no, no house, just went and mowed 
@jeanneeee No! I have family in Boston, and had to balance seeing them. But got there as soon as I could! Missed Pig though 
@jeannemariepics  I miss my boif already.give him my number,email address,home address,SS#,ring size,and my avi
@jeannemariepics of course i miss you! you never come transformers tonight! so sad 
@jeannemariepics Wow, lots to do this week! I just went back to work today, I had the flu 
@jeannethinks I would love to see the sun again.  It has been raining here for 3 days now.  
@JeannieRich it was too hot for me so I just had to sit in the shade 
@jeanniffer I know  I want drugs! hahaha
@jeanniffer not today 
@JeannineRussell i bet    are you feeling ok about it ingeneral?  i think im ok because im only losing money on the xchange rate, not  ...
@jeayese ANGRY AMY  NO LIKEY  HOWS U?
@jeayese coz its cold rain 
@jeayese i dont even know who it was tho  im so upset 
@jebarajsamuel7 but when?? the rain Gods r still on their vacation  
@jebbgraff Awwww, Alf.  Way to make me cry, jerk.
@jecho7  I'm sorry. Happened to me a few days ago too.  I hope you feel better soon, and have some pie!
@Jed142 what is it with you and posting pics of food that i don't have access to?!  not nice; not nice at all haha
@jedfitch I am feeling the geography strain today 
@jedhallam stop gallavanting in London with your London friends when you should be with me for my LAST FULL DAY 
@Jedi_Amara I would go if I could, really  Good night xox
@Jedi_Amara June 12? You have ages then, hahaha.   
@jedi58 no  I will admire from afar (and watch the liveblogging from engadget). Also I'll buy a new iPhone to add to my collection 
@jedibassvampire yip kirsty asked big rob lmfaoo lol and i know i nearly cried !!! and she went to there htoel 
@jedidiahskye Fuck your life. i wanted to see the penthouse 
@jedidiplomat yeah I'm waiting to hear on a friend. 
@JediDJ yeahh. Oh well, at least I don't feel all dead anymore. Problem is how ima get to sleep tonight 
@JediJustin nothing in my inbox 
@JediRyan7 lol. mrs picker never gave us a card  i remember how serious the pen license seemed at the time though lol
@jedisista dammit! I always miss you!! I slept early last night 
@Jediyauk Not given your name and avatar, I'd say it's pretty normal. Unfortunately for me I thought aristocracy 
@jedmadela awkuya jed! sayang naman po i was really looking forward to seeing you in San Fran i had a gift for u too  LaarJed pa din ako
@jedsalawyer This is terrible 
@jedwardclark Ah, boo. 
@jeeemima  next week yeh?
@jeeesss the interweb is out to destroy ONTD 
@jeeesss You hate Walmart too? Ugh. Runs all the cool little shops out of business. 
@Jeejee99 have to work now 
@Jeejee99 I'm in Groningen again. I left at 7:00 am 
@jeep1980 um nothing yet and tiffanys sucks  what have YOU bought ME?
@JeepersMedia can u buy the flight for me?&quot; cuz i cant go to NYC  israel is too far
@jeepersmedia hi mike did you hear the farrah fawcett died 
@JeepersMedia I can't go to NY with you  I'm sad
@JeepersMedia shave hairy pits -slapping harry potter- shiney happy people-  I have bronchitis, this is the best I can do for now Im sick 
@JeepersMedia sorry i can't  make to the show 
@JeepGuyMike   I can't get it to stream on my computer   Server is busy or something.
@jeepjenn well hellooooo sleepovers!!  :-D  For some reason I'm seeing hardly any of your tweets.    I have to go to your page to see them
@jeepstrs2 it makes me sad  spring used to be my favorite season, but i cant take it anymore. my poor nose is so sore...
@Jeezi lol im glad youre having a good time. wish i was there 
@jefbot i would but im at work 
@jeff_lamarche Hope it's nothing serious! 
@jeff_lamarche if you see me running out, cause a diversion! My MBP would be way too jealous though 
@jeffarchuleta  sorry to hear that!  I'm glad you got control back...some people need to stop getting in other's business.... &gt;&lt;
@jeffarchuleta haha David was AWESOME!! unfortunately i couldn't win tickets on time  but i had a few friends in the audience!! 
@jeffarchuleta Hope this is you. So sorry. 
@jeffarchuleta omg, what!! Mr.Archuleta! NO!! haha is she in utah? awwh david. that's one lucky girl lol 
@jeffarchuleta Thanks Jeff - So sorry that happened to you- very sad 
@JeffCole53 way way too busy, falling short on my twitter duties, almost missed the update deal they pulled, bad decision 
@jefferycjordan yeah I am pretty tired it's just so hard to fall asleep in someone elses bed &amp; not your own ! 
@jefferyself Teehee. I am watching Golden Girls t00. They always make me smile, especially when you're sick, which I am. 
@jefferywong 
@jeffgerstmann Hey Jef. My mac screen died like yours and at the mo getting stuff via iphone. E3 2009 Day Zero Does not show on itunes 
@jeffgrant i have wine too but im home alone so not drinking it! 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND haha. Sweet. I love that show. Too bad my friend's tv is dead.  
@JEFFHARDYBRAND Where are you?! We missed you at the airport. 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND yay! I love when you have a freshly shaven face! ouch on the burned hand 
@jeffinition Oh man, Canter's?! I'm totally jealous! There's no good Jew food in Riverside. 
@jeffisageek Being on the west coast now I still have to wait and 1.5 hours to see Conan 
@jeffjarvis A right?  Sure.  They have the right to charge, and we have a right to go elsewhere.  Poor NYT.  
@JeffJeffie they are fine. just a lot of damage and my dog got hurt 
@jeffkachkan IT WILL BE. and @jesscarriero july 30th  i wannna go
@jeffkahlmorgan YOU SHOP??? Are you moving there 
@jeffkang YEAH!!!! because when ever I try to use my iPhone on wireless, no work   #geekmeet
@jeffleach what happened about Glastonbury? That's rubbish news! Not that I'm going so I was never going to see you anyway  *hugs*
@JeffMacMichael Sorry.  On both accounts.
@JeffMateja An exciting overnight trip to the ER Friday unfortunately canceled any OPF plans I had  
@jeffmello sadly, I am too busy. and only end up talking to those who @ me. I've not been very proactive...sorry 
@JeffofTroy Thank you I really appreciate it! it means a lot, its been a long sad day 
@jeffonplj argh..I wish I could call but it won't work..   Plse could  play Heart on My Sleeve
@jeffpower AWESOME!  But boo for @comcast 
@jeffreecuntstar  I don't have a garage.  But you can park in my driveway!
@jeffreecuntstar i like how that guy said 'you blocked me by accident' XD dont u hate that 'ADD MEEE' shit? using u to whore out  &lt;3 you!
@jeffreymyers that's a sad story. 
@jeffreywoodman the lighting is very cool. No Dumbo or Tink tonight 
@jeffsgrippen don't have any  i need to wait until morning to go to the store
@jeffshi you left me out for lunch. 
@jefftakeover aw man, that's really really sad. 
@Jefftakeover oh, that's awful. I'm so sorry. 
@jefftakeover would but do you live near me? and kinda got a load of revision to doo 
@JeffTheMidget  I think they'll all be gone by now
@JeffTheMidget i cant, ive got to go to work 
@JeffTheMidget I don't train anymore. I trained back in LA for a while. Went a few times out here w/ a friend. Don't have time right now. 
@JeffTheMidget I've even re-converting your track, still won't play for me.    Let me know if you can send again.
@JeffThePianist #gravity tells me you don't follow me 
@jefftolotti oh yeah good point. Thanks! I just don't wanna miss out on Armand's 
@jeffvietri already? 
@JeffWalker any non-fiction book to recommend? it's pretty boring down here in Malaysia. 
@jehan_ara i know -  you must avoid things like biryani  shiryani - they are too heavy and the oil and fats they use are not good at all
@jehan_ara then why are we hitting the poor ball , now i will start having emotions for the innocent red thing  ..  #PakCricket
@jehan_ara We all want to say many thing but our batteries are out of charge 
@jehheffree she should've been first!  She's my favorite.
@jehsface oh as if. taylor lautnerrrr &lt;3 p.s sorry about kitten. what happened? 
@jejejejen I have a lot of zits on my forehead already. 
@jejisjei I never could find a twitter tutor. 
@Jejito Jeeeee my love!!  We're twitting! n.n You have a math test tomorrow right? =S I'm so stressed with the test on tuesday 
@Jekema my face hurts really bad  and my mom said i was emotional on the way home..apparently i cried the whole way home hah
@JekMacandili my dog 
@JEL1715 oh gosh no!  he arrived in LA, i live in chicago!  that's like 2 hours away   but i'm glad we're finally in the same country!!
@jelenap  OMG, IT WAS THE TARGET ON DE SOTO.  F*CCCKKKKK!!! So dam close yet so far haha 
@JelenaP thanks! Text me when you leave! I'll be so sad 
@jelford *? and btw i haz skpye now, we can talkz lots now....=S though my  webcam doesnt seem to want to work 
@jelibear i thought so. it's my fault. i'd take all the blame if i could. mm. 
@Jelibeli LOL no shes evil 
@jellibeen92 late as in late  UGH
@jellobunnies haha too bad it's going to be a very long while before i buy from her again, enlisting coming monday 
@jellobunnies sweet! im using that for more than half a year now, still running well! gotta put one side for army 
@JellOHbeans Yeah I know 
@jelloonsprings hey, how are you doing at ac? i'm failing miserably lol 
@Jellotime91 yes I think it's messing up 
@jelloyd My favorite lipgloss was ALSO discontinued. I feel your pain. 
@jellybean005 so wat does that mean? and     about the name
@jellybeansoup I could care less. I need the account number to my checking account so I can change my email on paypal. 
@jellybear89  You hate me! Or u just jealous of my dessert? I have 2 more in the fridge!
@jellybear89 of course you should be ready. Problem is... I had a pack in my car for about 2 years.  Never got used. 
@jellybear89 they're breeding outta control 
@jellyfishsea I'm starting to think it is a sign that I've really got to change my music taste - no it's not -rubbish Ipod. 
@JellyHelm Damn. And here I thought the xo was for us. 
@JellyKnuckles mario kart ahhh the memories.. My cousin chewed my snes pad 
@JellyWrestler yeah I hear you. Actually found an awesome checkered black and gold pair today but $185  so $10 gold watch from paddys won
@jellyybeannn  no, I'm a looser, I know. But thatll change soon...hopefuly. I thought that piggy back rides was the fastest way to travel
@jellyybeannn D: I can't keep it up  so do u have like any experience behind the wheel yet? The ram is a new model so I have hard time too
@jellyybeannn how old were they?? omg  now I feel bad :[ ...again.
@jellyybeannn oooo no, I do realy want to go, but I just made like a play date with my lil brother right now 
@Jelmerrs Of my french fries? Yeah, I'd be too. Now pass me that piece of pie 
@jelosta i would love to but I'm going to be in NC  hope you have a blast!
@jelrGREEN @thestudiotime sadly... 
@jeltus Mickey Mouse Cup? 
@jelvalentin what are you talking about? i'm not even doing anything on purpose 
@Jem_x aaw sorry! I feel bad 4 not telling u now, I nearly txt u when it was on aswell. 
@jemappellekim it all got a bit messy. When are you back in Melb? Just about to board flight to Adelaide 
@jemarihaqi revisi tka gue hehehe... Thx ya bantuin. Google lg lemot 
@jemariie i believe he used to cause we had something before...im not sure about now. 
@jemijem did you find your phone?!?!  i have your lip glosss.
@jemillahayne , i am sick jemilla   was it fun without me? :L
@jemillahayne boys have gone.  well... i might watch a movie now. not sure though. :/
@jemillahayne i wish there was more seasons 
@jemillahayne LOLOL!! I RECKON!  Coming early?
@jemillahayne Margot isn't replying 
@jemillahayne Ngaww! DAMN! I'm sorry to hear that 
@jemillahayne OMG! DAMN! Burt didn't ground it. 
@jemimakiss but have you got @nrierp, and twitted a link to it. No? Fail. 
@jeminiatx whyyy??? we'll miss ya too much 
@Jemistryteam I really hope you have jemi moments soon. because I lost my hope! When I Joe's twitter and that of his beast!  I'm rally sad
@jemjem1983 I amsosorry. I hope you feel better soon 
@jemjem1983 no idea 
@jemjem1983 Oh shut up &gt;&lt; 
@jemmahatty i really hope thats a joke, jemma. Today was the first day of the diet.. I ate lots of healthy greek food but two cup cakes 
@jemmen I guess we need to make our own tone like noise. 
@JemPolitico Not as many sales in H-West this year, I noticed. 
@Jemstar3 aw poor jema  ... yeah well i turned up but no one was here either so i left!!
@Jemz_ADQ why would you? 
@jemzkat !!  I still haven't used a single sticker yet haha! I wanna do something like a HUNT! I'm gonna paste it somewhere and
@jemzly3rd really? hahaha, that makes my day. i still have them sadly, stupid fuckers said i needed 6 more months 
@jen_chen On the 23rd. At night. 
@Jen_Cook   There's just not enough time in the day to work, eat, sleep, AND exercise.
@jen_cook i understand.  my book is also suffering.  and i have writer's group on Weds night...with nothing to bring.  
@jen_dang my phone is still broken.  just come over whenever.
@jen_hintz i need to suck it up and get treatment. i know what you're going thru, too, worse than me  i don't think we can get Meridia 
@jen_jesse i could hear you guys but then i had to get to my cousins garduation party 
@Jen_Lee Ohhh, you already made the joke 
@jen_melb lol, maybe but atm it aint look good  oh wells.
@Jen_Niffer Hope it's nothing serious with your mom. 
@jen_NY10021  merchandiser @ bloomingdales flagship.Handbags,jewelry &amp; watches!  I've never even heard of that site lol. I use craigslist
@Jen_Paris OMG, you watched! Awesome. IKR? I totally forgot about that shower scene....beautiful moment. Matthew &lt;3 Tomorrow: B&amp;S FINALE 
@jen_watts Aww  (Oh! I found my P45!)
@jen004 my #iP is low on battery  LMAO
@jen1026 you know you'd do the same! You're gonna see them next week though! Fyi - I'm not going to muskegon after all. (Just milwaukee). 
@jen14221 ahhh WaWa! I miss WaWa. I could go for some Diet Lemonade Tea right now... 
@Jen2Squared no i never watched them as a kid.  i didn't see them until i was in my twenties...  i don't know them well at all.  
@jen333 omg! You're right! A friend told me it was today and since my kids aren't with me today, I didn't bother to check! Haha! Phew 
@jen4buz How inconsiderate! 
@jen729 I told him I couldn't go to his party. Felt bad 
@jen7lyn babylove i will hug you whats wrong  we'll talk tomorrow.
@Jen8610 I'm yet to get to work and I'm already thinking about how bad it's going to be 
@jenaferdawson i love how you twitter but don't text me back 
@JenaGirl19 I am so sorry! I know how that goes!  Do you need anything?
@JenaIsle  the notice is about their new policy in accepting contributions from every country around the world 
@JenaIsle. hayy..really sad news.. 
@JenaJohnson yup!  my reply when my grandfather 1st told me this was &quot;cant think of a better thing for them 2 have stolen&quot; he laughed 
@JenAlaniz  heck yes girl!!!!  I had 6 of them.  Now they are gone 
@JenAlaniz Wasn't it though! I love the 90's! And the 80's! So coolio your going to Vegas! I tried but no go 
@Jenaleesa i know it sucks  i cant think of anywhere else thats 24 hour around eaither
@Jenaleesa so me and mum just went to go to kmart to get a dvd and it was closed  no more 24 hours
@jenali I think  this weather makes us feel so exhausted. 
@JenalynMichelle I miss you too niggga. you don't text me nomore! 
@jenandhearts hmm, I wanted to be there 
@jenandhearts me too  but i've had masons so its all good 
@jenarooo no :L just some drilly thingy.. i dont know what it was. i have to go back like next week for 2 fillings 
@jenash: Don't feel bad. My 6yo told me he feels guilty bc sometimes he wishes he had a different mom bc i yelled at him. 
@jenave i dont even know when ill be over 
@JenAvila You can LOOK at the pastries all you wont. but it costs 10 calories per pastry 
@jenbeauman thanks. but iPhoto lib has all the sub folders hidden so I can't choose the sub folder I 1 2 download from. 
@jenbishopsydney i totally got sick as soon as i returned from my epic trip. sounds like it's your turn. 
@jenbjoyce is that a new live the dream promotion? No more details 
@jenblower  give him a tea voucher for later?
@jenblower one of the kittens is excluded from kitten love 
@jenblu good question. I have no idea what the best thing to do is, so I've not done anything. 
@jenbo1 that's weird. the link is working for me! 
@JenBower Haha thanks. NOMNOMNOM. Still hungry!  My back is killing. Worrying about maths and media exams on monday :/
@JenBrately I wish I could have been there! I'm bummed  hope you had a good time!
@JenBrockwell What's up with this fake person trying to be Chester!? I knew that would happen sooner or later 
@JenBrockwell Yeah I'm glad they're doing good after Mike died yesterday  looks like they're happy and enjoy their time in the WW
@Jenbug1988 its actually Â£87.11 on the cheapest 24 month contract for the smallest one. I'm trying to decide how to get one 
@jenbulen i hate when you're sick on days that really matter too 
@jenbunny009 aww man poor guy!  he needs to come back right now
@jencaseysmith He's leaving to Puerto Rico this Wednesday with his father for the summer...  It will be the first summer with out him
@jencopley your last thing was too long and i cant figure out how to read the whole thing. i thought i knew how to 
@JenCreed uh oh  that's so frustrating!
@jendvera thanks Jen! Wish you could go though 
@jeneclipse You look amazing! http://videos.onsmash.com/v/z1nuh7rBp7TiF1IK Sad I didnt make the cut      but UBBER PSYCHED 4 U BABE!
@Jeneexo I still don't know..  
@Jenehhh UGH! One more yr ... sorry. 
@jenelle I know..never sleeps. Pity i only got 3 days their 
@JenelleRae damn came to Austin and didn't visit  I'm hurt
@Jenershner I was sad when I heard she passed away, they didn't even credit her in the show.  I love novels and manga actually, lol.
@jeneverafter How r u Jen? It's raining and chilly here in VA today  Looking forward to getting the warm weather back!!!!
@jeneverafter i'm getting an error msg &quot;USB Device Not Recognized&quot; - except i don't have anything plugged in  
@jenfrazer  I gained 10lbs while out of town. I've already lost 5, but I understand your frustration. It'll all be good soon!
@jenheezy it's crazy! freakin spelling bee! awwwwww... poor semi-normal photo chick Serena! 
@jenherrick yeah... I'll keep my situation...  boooo.
@jenhillenga it's a 9 hour drive  But I could probably swim there in 8 ;) we miss you!
@JenHow I did for, like, a day... couldnt take the narcissism!! too much! i miss LC... 
@jenicahendrix aw kitties  that's terrible.
@jenicey OMG there are so many pissy and mean people there on Sunday.  BEWARE!!! 
@jeniemarie  i gotta wait till friday to see them in the city
@Jeniffer96 You and me both,my friend 
@JeniHugg  I hope you feel better soon!
@JeniiLou        is it badly damaged?
@jenijenjen Last day with the Spock na now? 
@jenina_ buy the one w/ the metal mounting ring... i have one, and its plastic, and it has since fallen apart on me 
@JeniPoynter_x ahhh cool. they had nothing green in new look or primark tonight  well, nothing nice green.
@JeniPoynter_x aww dani couldnt text you back he had no credit  Xx
@jenipoynter_x sorry ill have to cancel jb 
@jenisjen I won't be making it  too far from our hotel I wouldn't get back til 11 
@jenisus aww  I have to go to class on that day... So imma do some weird half day thing just cause I wanna see what it's about
@JeniT think we found a bug in rdfQuery trunk - not handling nested elements properly 
@jenitals yes you can. You can. Just wish I had both  tear tear ha
@JenJan Aaaaaaaw putz! That means yous gon die  ill say summin nice and pour outta lil liquor
@jenjele thanks i hope so tooo! i can't believe you guys are graduating tomorrow...ahh 
@JenJelly85 Yeah, I remember you saying that in a blog. That sucks.  I would hate to get 0 presents. Mostly for birthdays I get DVDs and
@jenjengiles im going to the boardwalk.. : / im excited about it, but im gunna miss the game. 
@JenJenrodriguez unfortunately, i don't think i'll be able to make it  I just made my first car payment, and that left me broke as a joke.
@Jenjie hmm NY is warm and damp 
@JenJM oh, sweetie!!  hope you're getting better soon!! *hugs*
@jenjo636 i wish i could sleep more lol trust me, it just wont happen 4 me  BUT i am about to go get my 5 hours or so lol goodnight!!!!
@Jenjohansson hey, i'm not coming.. 
@jenkellytisdale Hi! Can you follow me? Co'z i already follow you..please 
@jenkr24 don't be so silly! Be on a little earlier!  you be on way too late now! 
@jenlar yes fer sher haha &lt;3 sad you don't get to go tomm 
@Jenlea8 Me too and @glamourdolleyes and I should've planned a road trip 
@jenleclair Aww, I'm sorry  Just bbm'd your phone, &quot;yoo asshole, get a job!&quot; haha. I'll DM you my # &amp; pin. Glad you're okay at least J
@jenleclair it was awesome! We had a great turn out. Wish you had come  But there will always be others!
@jenleighbarry  no i didn't meet Claudia at the game 
@jenlogo that's sweet....I miss Chase like crazy...he was sooo unbelievably full of energy...inevitably it's what got him into trouble 
@jenlong cheers for coming last night. im suffering from the hayfever today though shouldnt have sat outside so long/late 
@JenLovesJoey Dallas...I can only afford one place 
@JenMarieS  me neither. What the hell does that mean. Is it like a shout out so that other people can follow those people u give shouts 2?
@jenmcguireink hi, thank you! Good news is no tumors &amp; no more bad disks. Bad news they can only try to manage the pain. I'm very sad. 
@JenMilan720 you hated my tunes 
@JeNn__MaRiE if i would've known sooner as to which date ya'll was trying to go, i could've saved.. u know? so i'm out 
@jenn_elle afternoon. It was ok. Only two of my friends showed up. Slightly disappointed but we made it work. The night didn't end well 
@jenn_if_er It was ok. I was in recovery mode during most of it thanks to an ovarian cyst that ruptured   Except for that it was great!
@jenn_leigh No my internet connection at this hotel is not letting me load any images for some reason 
@jenn_niceweiner No I don't want to because I don't want to sing to someone that's as pretty as you if it's not going to sound good 
@Jenn_Tate your just waking up and I'm almost home  I need sleeeep!!
@jenn0414 Wow. That's crazy. I had a tiring day yesterday too but it doesn't sound as bad as yours! 
@jenn58jenn   Come &quot;out-out&quot; and get Jana and come see me!!!!!  I've not seen you in forever .. thought i'd see you at Dianas party 
@Jenn77 I heard. I'm sorry.  miss you  guys too. --hugs--
@jenn85 not intentionally... Sorry babe! When I'm back on a real computer instead of twitterberry i'll fix it.  u did nothing.. My bad!
@Jenna_Glass really?!?! i saw the click five once but i didn't get to meet them and it was after eric left 
@jenna_marie87 you're leaving soon anyways 
@jenna_valentine oh yay! lemme know how it fits! and there isn't a fredericks here 
@jenna_valentine umm i found one there but it hurts my neck 
@Jenna5225 sorry bout the txting ignorification, i had a panic with my dissertation and am now reprinting it  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@jennabeans24 Let me know how it is! It's not available for me yet  I hate waiting!
@JennaBoig  I tried to send you a DM, but you're not following me so I couldn't.  
@jennaburgus   two ships passing in the night! i'm flying down sat AM &amp; back sat afternoon
@jennaburgus True. I guess I'm just not on top of my make-up game these days.  
@jennac0re i know 
@jennac0re No, I think I was there too early.  
@jennac0re They sell most of the hair they get to high-end salons to use as extensions. 
@jennacole I'm a real person...but I don't update to often 
@jennacole That would be so awesome if you could go! I tried to book them for our anniversary shoot while we are in CA but they were busy 
@JennaIsWriting awh SUCH a romantic! I think if I kept every movie stubb Id need a lot of storage! The same can't be said for date stubbs 
@JennaIsWriting dman that's ages  ah well when it's done it will be awesome  I don't even know what its about, but I'll buy one ahaha!
@JennaIsWriting no  they are banished to route 96 only.  the second newest type. #yarratrams I do agree that they are very cool
@JennaMadison awww  i bet ...  that is very unfortunate indeed 
@JennananaPink i got a ton of sun today. 
@JennaPalmore awesome. teaching where? (i just got back to troy tonight btw) 
@jennarosee I wish I could listen but my ipod died on the way home from Maine 
@JennaSchubart I'm sooo jealous.. I have seen them in a month! 
@jennashampoo Ahhhhhhhhh nooo that's tonight?! 
@Jennatonic84 I have been searching for that too. No luck here either 
@jennatow i hope so! she's lonely @ my parent's. she tries to play w/ 2 of the cats but they just run away and hiss. 
@JennaVitalone I would love to go but I leave tomorrow. If you want to go when I get back let me know... 
@Jennaybooiee word..that's where I was..I missed buffalo tho. Dammit  what r u doing tonight tho!
@jennaynayy I'm glad you like it, no one else thinks it's cool 
@jennaysupafly @InDueTime I would feel way too bad if I killed an animal  unless it was an alligator. They aren't animals. They're demons
@jennbunnyxoxo no ma'am  i have work friday morning at 8. and from past experiences..... i just don't go hahahaha it's hell.
@jennc1004 when are you going to open up your own bakery so i can have some cookies again? 
@jenncecelia aww I'm sorry to hear that 
@jennday I feel the same way 
@jennday I miss her too  she needs to come back to me
@jennday no it wasn't... sorry  Also, do you still have my shoooesss.... I may or may not be needing them shortly!
@jennday Oh no bb  how did you do that? big hugs
@Jenndelacruz1 I know it is cute.. &amp; I did get ur MSG.....&amp; yup me &amp; my tribe will be there for angels bday but we won't be at the cabins 
@jenneB hope your day is better today, don't worry, we all have both, I got a huge one in Cancun and I can still see where it was.  scar.
@jenneri I never saw any of the Beatles!  
@Jenners63 luuucky!  I close!!!!! arrgh this stinks
@JennetteMcCTeam yea except the pink text needs to be a *liiitle* lighter cos I can barely see it I'm sorry 
@jennettemccurdy -.- ? you skate? please respond 
@jennettemccurdy And how are you? We're worried, are you not on iCarly anymore? 
@jennettemccurdy aww. Poor door man. The fan just fell on him.  I love iCarly. 
@jennettemccurdy Awwwh, really? I thought 'Year One' would be really funny? 
@jennettemccurdy hey jennette. i missed double trouble night  r they going to replay those episodes again today?
@jennettemccurdy how is your morning? mine is painful because of a sunburn 
@jennettemccurdy i wish i culd play guitar. haa i reli wana act tho but london sucks for that ha x 
@jennettemccurdy jen, you rock! i love you, reply please 
@jennettemccurdy watching a sad episode of One Tree Hill  on the other hand I hear you've been nominated for Best TV Sidekick
@jennfarr if bridgehead is an option, I'm there.  But it usually isn't.  I had a dreadful 2nd cup breakfast sandwich this morn. 
@jennga87  that's the opposite of what any normal guy would do..
@JennGW @daveontheradio that was not nearly as exciting as finding out Jenn was on a secret mission lol 
@Jenni_xD dun think so, too sore 
@jennialewis: No spoilers, please!  I won't get see it until this weekend at the earliest.  
@Jenniceg I am going to start the books. I like the series. I hope that will not change after I read the books.  
@Jennicricket not sure i can make it 
@Jennie_Po of course i had to get one 
@jenniebellie Also boo to not good shopping.  
@jenniecph haha, und wie, absolut! especially when you're on a bike, in the middle of knippelsbro 
@jennied86 yeah it's not 
@jenniedurkin Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that!  I wish I could do something to help you!
@JennieJen the ducks aren't there anymore. I think they've been abDUCKted 
@Jennielovetruly wouldnt let me buy this jacket i wanted yesterday   i really wish i had it now cuz it would look  cute with this shirt
@Jennifalconer cloudy in Lossiemouth 
@Jennifalconer Falconer you put me to shame  I feel incredibly lazy when I read your tweets all i can muster up today is a bad mood lol x
@Jennifalconer I don't know if I can bear to watch Hollie tommorrow night,it's a bit hard to take seeing the state she gets herself into 
@Jennifalconer I think Sally sounds great, but needs to drop grandad 
@Jennifalconer I thought that too. Pure class! Awesome watch. Shame my wrists are too skinny for watches like that. 
@Jennifalconer i wish it was me... I enter all the time 
@Jennifalconer shaun shouldn't be singing the same song as he did in auditions 
@Jennifalconer would like to swap...i'm sitting with 3 grumpies 
@jennifer_nicol Good Luck! My final tonight then I'm done...for the summer... 
@Jennifer1906 Unfortunately Chris Brown is a not-in-jail ass 
@jennifer4u2day Sorry for my delayed response. I don't think she was aware. 
@jennifer97236 Hey Jen, M&amp;M was really funny until the end..then very sad 
@jenniferawhite so sad this was cancelled 
@jenniferchen_ I so would, if I was there. Unfortunately I am across the Pacific Ocean in Tokyotown! Blergh... 
@jennifergatc  and to think I never had my soiree...
@jennifergrief We missed you tonight!  MWM is playing with Peter Murphy?!?! When? Where? I'm sooooo there!!!
@jenniferhuber Haven't decided for sure, but we're probably going to spend the day looking at cars. 
@jenniferjayy -_-;; I take back that heart picture I gave you! 
@JenniferJChung if you don't check your twitter for a whole weekend, you'd have to catch up with 1000 updates when you come back 
@JenniferJmoy Sad part is I don't know where I put my copy of the extended version DVD. 
@JenniferLeeland I'm feeling like that right now, but for 30, since my birthday is soon. I don't wanna get old! 
@jenniferloibear yayuhhhh!!!!! Hahahaha. We gotta chill before the 15th cause i start school again. 
@JenniferOhJenni just never use the bathroom with your eyes still closed and you'll never have to find out 
@jenniferosekemp no I'm heading to the hospital to be with my fam.  def before the summer is over. Promise.
@Jennifers00 It's something I need to look into as people are wanting 'hard' copies. Haven't found the best answer yet 
@jennifers83 Ooo.. divorce papers.  They should just get it over with! (I know, they are)  Why you never on MSN?? 
@JenniferSmithCo Just checked the diary and it clashes with uSwitch.net beers 
@JenniferSmithCo last time the motherboard fried because it overheated. Same symptoms this time. Warrantee expired too 
@JENNIFERYUEN I don't think I've ever had Baskin Robbins 
@JennifirG she is? WHAT? she's the only one who could come up with 'Edinburgh isn't what it used to be'! 
@jenniitals  aw dang i just found the FUNNIEST voice memo of one of our phone calls. i loled so hard and now i miss you 
@jennijenjenjen seriously? I would have loooved 2 go! I already promised some folks id go out w/ them 
@jennikah why does TJ get to be your favorite? 
@JenniLaSuper fml? isn't that *uck My Life?! 
@Jenninpg yeah they do! What's meant to be will be. In the meantime not alota fun. 
@JenniOnTheBlock Aw that sucks. 
@Jenniphher I was coming from gm tooo! Ahaha. I couldn't find shttt at VS 
@JenNipper sorry  not bringing our phones was a BAD idea.
@JenniRem so very sad to hear about the current state of your heart. 
@jennisashark oh that sucks. does he at least like you back? the best thing is this girl has a 2month old son and is engaged!  yay!
@jennitals Please wake up out of your comma  I miss you 
@Jenniwuhoo why aren't my tweets working on my phone???  
@Jennjennx3 man there isn't anything to do 
@Jennjennx3 Of course it does  i wish life was easier :/
I wanttttt Bamboozle 
i wany hot chippies  @prestonwilliam
I was  when I found out you were in the same house. I'm a huge fan too...LOL Through my TV show, I'm getting racing known in Main Stream!!
I was 1 follower away from 100. Then I decided to delete all the spam followers, a lot of them  had already been deleted. now im at 77 
i was a bit premature re the neck. i feel like one of those people whose neck is fused to their sholders. i haven't look left in hours 
i was a bit too fast saying that everything gets better and better, it went even worse. thank god i got a bottle of vodka to knock me out 
i was a little too late 
i was a transformer in disguise maybe next time 
I was about to be proud of myself for getting twhirl to startup automatically but I failed.  Google does not like me.
I was about to tweet something important, then I forgot 
I was actually forced to wake up 'cause we have to go somewhere.  sighhh.
I was actually hoping for some sun today to brighten up my mood  #wheather #fail #hamburg #rain
I was almost asleep and then my sister's bf got up and made lots of noise 
I was almost scammed during my job search. 
I was arguing with my sister and my dad does not do anything he is just watching TV 
I was asleep. I had to reawake for the sake of business. 
i was at gym.. now i'm going to.. idk 
i was at the park today and i was racing my cousins and i slipped and cut my arm 
i was bored so rearranged ze' room  ugh bluelight next weekend.. rowenn is making me go 
I was browsing through Secondary sch's yearbooks and I missed quite a no of ppl 
I was changing a poopy diaper at 3am and Zane decided that was a great time to poop again - ALL OVER ME! I'm traumatized for life 
I was checking my email...hrrrr....Im so boooooored!!!  i miss my school
I was cheerleader!  But guess what? I was a musical!  I miss my &quot;bff&quot;, I need her support, I love her sense of humor!
i was cleaning my room untili got distracted by youtube 
I was confused by my housemate not locking the door on way out... then remembered she'd just given me her keys cos she's leaving forever! 
I was contemplating making some BBQ chicken tonight, but realized I don't have any of my fave BBQ sauce. Sadness 
i was convinced up until recently that yesterday was thursday. 
i was devastated!!  but just a dream to bad it wasnt just.....ya know one of those!
I was disappointed that we did not drive the track due to an accident.     The tour driving was fun though!!
I was drinking MD lastnite [ such a bad idea] and I couldn't sleep till after midnite  (now I feel tired)
i was eating some shrimp the other day. my friend asked if she could have one...they were delish so I said no. She called me shellfish. 
I was expectin e40 to do a bomb ass set 
i was experimented on by an alien  .... No un necessary probing though... luckily
i was fast asleep and now someone's playing on the phone 
I was following somebody on twitter who died  crazy..
I was fooled. 
i was free of insÃ³mnia for one day, for that i'm thankful. Now the battle continues 
I was going the opposite direction of jack in the box  all that wait for nothing! At wendys... Somewhere in TN...
I was going to aimlessly wander around the neigbourhood but it's raining  Maybe later.
I was going to do a #followfriday of lasalle friends, but there are a lot of people  In other news, I will always&amp;forever love Copeland
I was going to get sun chips but the damn machine won't take my money 
I was going to have a bath to warm, but no boiler in the house. So got to make do with the shower 
I was going to have my mandate @magicbeef come home with me, but he decided to go home  Fun @ Nightlife and Cha Cha Cha afterwards though
I was going to play the new hunky vampire for Twilight sequel. But I didn't qualify bcuz its mandatory for the actor to be homosexual. 
I was going to post a craigslist job for someone to smash the car alarm outside my apartment, but I think that would violate their TOU. 
i WAS going to see ice age 3 for fathers day but the only theatre is so far away  im gonna watch almost famous HAPPY FATHERS DAY! 
I was going to sell my reading tickets but my little sis just told me the view are playing the mainstage on sunday  what to do... ugh
I was going to sleep 2 hours ago 
I was going to the soccer, and then I wasn't... And then I was... Now I'm not too sure... It's soooo cold and I'm sick  #drama
I was gona go watch a movie with my brother, but he isnt home 
I was gonna do some filming today... but it's raining 
I was gonna go for a bike ride in the park but it's raining....     Laundry Day!
i was gonna go get cookie dough (not the recall) to make cookies for my cousin. but she left earlier than i thought. 
I was gonna go to the movies but nothing hot is screened, so we rented some DVDs. Ice cream and movies. Forgot about Hemendex 
i was gonna make my lil sis go to derekfishers bball summercamp so i could possibly meet him! lol but then i saw how much it cost  nm! lol
i was gonna stay up a lil' but longer till amanda comes on but i'll fall asleep. i miss my manda!  anyhoo, night! &lt;3 :]
I was gonna watch &quot;Spinning into Butter&quot; but I cant play DVDs on my computer at work 
I was grounded for 4 days from the computer!  I wouldn't get off the TV, and I clawed at the hooman everytime she tried to get me down
I was halfway dressed before I realized it was Sunday and not Monday - good lor' 
I was having a dream about trying to get to an airport on time &amp; I was running late so when I woke up, I felt stressed. 
I was having a good day until my Student Loan annual statement arrived 
I was having a great dream - I don't wanna get up 
I WAS having fun watching a documentary on the Vatican but then time had to go by really fast and ruin my day. 
I was having so much fun, and man I hate to leave. 
i was heading to the drive in. but my date backed out on me...im really pissed and sad... 
I was hear a bad news from my mom that my cousin was fallin' down from his motorcycle. I feel pitty with him 
I was hooking up with a guy and be left 
I was hoping for 27 
I was hoping for a better outcome in the Air-france tragedy 
I was hoping I could lose some weight this summer but if I continue to hog, I am not going to go anywhere but down 
I was hoping that iPhone 3.0 update would be out before I left for work, now i have to wait till i get home 
I was hoping there was still money hidden in my room but there isn't. 
I was hoping to see the lakers duje it out with the cavs... 
I was hoping Tweetdeck 0.26 would feature minimize to tray 
I was in a car accident  @aussiesmith
I was in a car accident yesterday.  Thank God me and my sister are ok.  Its times like these I miss my dad the most. 
I was in a great mood this morning and it has slowing disappeared 
I was in a new school where everyone sat in a circle around a big table and they misstook me as a man. 
I was in a vietnamese communist war. Awful awful dream 
i was in and out of bed every five minutes today....  im never getting that wrecked again....
I was in the City to buy the Twilight DVD but it was anywere sold out... 
I was in the Village on Sunday... missed Obama by a day. 
I was inches from squishing a kitty. I wouldn't have been able to live with myself with that kind of guilt! I nearly wrecked though! 
I was indirectly told something I def didn't wanna hear last night! 
I was intercepted before ieven got down the street 
I was invited to a 6 person cuddle bed at the party but had to decline because I have a class at 8:30 am. Responsibility sucks 
I was invited to a rooftop party in Chicago. Not sure if I can make, cause I'm out of funds 
i was jus thinking, im rly mad about how last nights pawsox game got rained out and i couldnt see clay pitch  wow if you look at my latest
I was just about to start studying when Little Miss Sunshine came on 
I was just abruptly woken up from my sleep by the strangest/most bizarre dream/nightmare of my adult life... now i cant get back to bed 
I was just asked by a suit where i was heading to. I didn't think i looked that much like a whore 
I was just asked to be an abercrombie model 
I was just awakened by the most terrifying nightmare .... now I'm afraid to try and go back to sleep 
I was just car shopping/browsing and I suddenly wished I had a copious amount of money so I can buy a new, not used, car. 
I was just cleaning out my voice mail box and have the very 1st message my ex sent.    BOO HOO!
I was just followed by about 500 spam accounts. 
I was just going to do something there but I can't remember what.  I hate feeling like this 
I was just informed by a photographer that I'm intimidating, and that's why he didn't contact me.  I'm not intimidating, am I?  
I was just informed my son is too old to be my 'baby boy' 
I was just informed that my phone wasn't getting texts 
i was just kicked out of @youripoddoc 's live chat for doing nothing 
I was just mean on the internet. Somebody spank me. 
i was just rudely awakened early in the morning by a loud german boy knocking on my door. 
I was just talking about how this waitress was a bitch and didnt know she was right in front of me  boo i feel bad
i was just told their selling the business  so said Richie's music center will no longer be run by its original owners..aww man!!
I was just watching some cartoons as I haven't in years when I was eating my breakfast, the programs have changed 
I was just wondering about tomorrow's jartel when I found out BU SITI adalah pengawas biologi gw 
I was kicked off my bike today.... Why for God sake?? 
I was late at the airport now i have to wait an hour  no fun
I was late to the #ontd trending topics party. 
I was lied to... I ge to see UP but not in 3D.  My cheap husband will only take me to the $5 morning show. 
I Was Like WTF It WoKe My Ass Up For Good!! LoL I Just Want To Get Better I'm GoiNg On To 3 Days Now!! In 3 HouRs LoL  FuCk SpiDeRs
I was listening 2 my ipod when kris Allen's falling slowly tuned in then I fell asleep for awhile when my ipod changed it to paramore LOL 
I was listening to that one song with that same icon as on your twitter and its gone  anyway i just found your band 2 weeks ago and ilike
i was literally like passed out&amp;nobody got me up for church. i missed seeing bailey ann 
I was looking forward to a Kobe/Lebron final...not to be 
I was looking forward to the park today..not so much anymore, seeing the grey skies.  
I was looking over my updates and I tweet a lot of smilies and frownies.  This has to stop...      
I was loosenig my guitar strings and one broke 
I was my Son's Dad, He ended up with a Dead Beat Father Thanks to a Lady Name CRACK COCAINE  SO I had to be the Mother and the Father
I was not born to krump. 
I was not happy that they didn't have Mullet Power cards in Gizmo 
I Was not talked into renting the Hannah Montana game... but did have to rent the Madagascar 2 game.  No trophies  though 
I was not the first phn call 2 my best friend to wish her a Happy Birthday  I have been the 1st 4 the last 10yrs
I was off to a good start until I burnt my finger  why are crickets so loud right now??? @dougbenson today!
I was ok today, fine til now. Hope i won't have one of these attacks again... 
I was on Air France last night and I just want to say that I'm feeling very blessed right now!!!  My prays goes out to AF filght 447
I was on my way to church and then realized i hav no gas and no money for gas  ugh
I was on my way to guitar lessons, when suddenly the rain fell. I got completely wet from head to toe. So did my poor guitar. 
I was on the celly about an almost free cruise that i won and I hungup on them accidently...that was the one thing i WASNT suppose to do. 
i was on the internet the whole day so now my parents r mad at me 
I was on the verge of passing out inside the church earlier. 
I was on time three shifts in a row.  but I woke up at 840 and work's at 9. five minutes late, ugh! -_-
i was once a treehouse, I lived in a cake.... Scared to get a shower at the thought of how bad my scraps are gonna hurt 
I was once a Woo Girl. Now I'm the married women who can't Woo no more 
i was out in all the rain   i got very wet
I was outside for like 45 minutes and I am burnt. And I missed half of the songs Remembering Sunday played. Aweeesome. 
I was planning on going to the softball games tonight. but it's too hot!! 
I was playing with my dog Angel at the tower when someone made fun of me for being Half-Elf. I hate racist people 
i was prepared for this, I REALLY WAS, i'm gonna get over it or my name isn't stephanie 
i was printing out pictures for my vision board. but they came out like rainbows.  i need new ink.
i was reading old blogs, and it made me remember all the pain i was going through  wowww boys sometimes...
I was really looking forward to Eurovision. 
I was really sad to realize its only tuesday. I miss him. 
I was right - rubbish night's sleep, leading to brain fog today, now apparently leading to a headache    I need a hug 
I was right, the teacher didn't come.  #edufire #japanese
I was right.  bye bye holly and janice.  
I was right. Dickheads wedding is this weekend. With all the other stuff I have going on, why does this bother me so much? Depressed now 
I was rollin' up Prince Ave, heard all the sirens, looked over and saw lots of smoke. 
I was rooting for Betty. 
I was rudely awakenedby my phone 
I was saying fine  to your response! I guess ill be having another party of one
i was sent home from school coz i'm still sick  though i wish i was with you guys, happy birthday to my soft cheeks @mitchsanchez!
i was sick for a day 17 days ago. i slept four hours 2 hours ago. i slept two hours 20 hours ago. i will probably get sick again soon. 
I was sick yesterday in work due to an off egg and cress sandwich 
I was singing the 7's song by TMBG to Auggie and got to the part about cake, which led to Milosz screaming for cake. 
i was sleeping but my brother came and woke me up  it was the first time IN MONTHS i get to sleep early and he wakes me up OMGOOOOOOSH
I was sleeping soo good but just woke up like 10 mins ago n got sick  not feeling so great. I wanna go back to sleep but I'm wide awake.
I was so bored at drama today. :'( I miss @neillavin300 
I was so clueless. Classes are suspended today because of this stupid typhoon. And I thought I'd have the house to myself! 
I was so excited to be done babysitting after today only to find out I have to stay another day 
I was so excited when I found a big chocolate donut at the bottom of the lake. Sadly, it turns out it's just an old tire. 
I was so excited when Jeff won but then CM Punk ruined it 
i was so excited when SYG started playing put yo hood up. kindof devo they didnt continue with it 
I was SO excited when the phone finally rang!! . . Then I was caller 2 instead of 7. 
I was so happy about my myspace and then i saw my friends and then mine just totally sucked 
I was so happy about this new sushi ad until I read it again.  It says &quot;art you can eat&quot;, not &quot;all you can eat&quot; 
i was so happy yesterday, over the moon. today is a completely different story - my whole world came crashing down. i.hate.math 
I was so hype about it being Friday &amp; it raining outside..No rain all day... But its rainin when its time to kick-it..Mr Sun is trippin. 
I was SO looking forward 2 pudding.  I don't have any dairy milk in my house. Only rice milk... which turns pudding mix in2 a soupy mess
I was so looking forward to this weekend and so far all it's been is a bunch of cancelled plans 
I WAS SO READY TODAY, I'll be thinking to much tomorrow now 
I was so rooting for Alison on top model  they never pick my favorite. So close!
I was stuck in bed all day yesterday with the most savage of migraines  Was absolute torture... Anyone else get something similar at all?
I was stuck in traffic for 2 1/2 hours. I was hoping to get a quick nap before I had to sing tonight, but it's looking like a negative!!  
I was supported to do things I didn't like,, n when I was about to do what I intrested in,, mom always refused it... 
I was suppose to have a lunch with my friend who just ran off because of something important 
I was suppose to have a lunch with my friend who just ran off because of something important  #fb
I was suppose to rec my card 4 rms between 10 to 15 wking daz, it s day 24 n no card yet. This region is so lame w/ their agreement. 
i was supposed to be going for a swim today- my legs still ache from walking in wales at the weekend 
I was supposed to be in church 
I was supposed to go for pre-party shots, mid-party dinner, after-party drinks, and post-party supper. Can't believe I crashed halfway 
I was supposed to go to Camp Newman today, but some of the counselors have swine flu, so camp opening is delayed. Isn't that horrible? 
I was supposed to go to Crash Test Drama tonight, but I'll need an early night. I think I have Monday 'flu    http://bit.ly/rMTOX
I was surprised that I didn't win the lottery this weekend, I really thought I would 
i was taking a shower and i slipped, then as i was falling i grabbed onto the shower curtain and i ended up hitting my head  lol
I was talking about you. 
I was talking to Maxipad on Facebook but he logged out  Oh well we're going to the movies and the beach tomorrow so it's OK &lt;3
I WAS TANNING FOR LIKE FIVE MINUTES BUT THEN THE WEATHER DECIDED TO HATE ME 
i was taught how you say i will always love you. in french but i forget how to say it. 
I was tellin Trey Songs 2 get @ u an hour ago which apparently was a fail  ..seemed like common sense since u answerd his twit @VH1Hoopz !
I was there: http://bit.ly/19XH81  But it rained that day ... 
I was thinking 2day would be awesome 
I was thinking how important my USB was, then I lost it 
I was thinking my iPhone might be delivered early. Alas, it's held in Louisville. 
I was thinking of making pancakes today but I'll try to stay awake tomorrow and make some.  Sorry about that. 
I was thinking of retweeting Iran filter news and proxies, but I'm hardly followed by anyone  Still, been glued to the news coverage.
I was thisclose 2 dreamland when a drunk a$$ called talking ignorant. Shouldn't have answered but he's holding my juicy bracelet hostage 
I was told I can't go on another cruise.  have fun who ever goes.
i was told i was 3 nervous to give blood even tho i felt fine &amp; assured them i was fine. but health &amp; safety said no  am so angry @ myself
I was totally free today and have a Disneyland pass, I suck for missing out on the Kobe/Laker parade at Dland today 
I was trying to bake the kids some brownies. I got weak standing on my feet for 5 min. today is not a good day 
I was trying to be good. I really was. I was trying to stay away from the chicken.  
I was trying to decide whether I wanted the strawberry or raspberry danish and then mom woke me up 
I was trying to get some but my baby came in from work and fell asleep  it's going to be a long night.
I was unaware that my face could get this fat.. 
I was upset today... Best friends did disappoint me.  I do not know what to do ....Oh, really sad..
i was very mean to austin this morning 
I was very sad this morning because of David Carradine  idiots http://tinyurl.com/ry7o2v
I was very touched by his prayer.Obama needs the Lord.If you have Jesus in your heart,you don't have His initials covered up. 
I was waking cuz my niece is sick  She was shaking, thought she was just cold, I covered her but she still shaking so I woke up ur mom.
i was watching bratz the movie but the end wont play  lol x
i was watching speak and it fuking made me cry.. fuckes me up that some one would fuck some ones life and that it happends so oftem 
I was watching the MTV Awards and suddenly got disguisted..  I catch the rerun if I'm feeling it then.. the scripts are not cool at all 
i was watching the new episode of charm school and the power went out  
I was watching the new trailer of the movie new moon and i realized that i don't have a Edward to love me. You're a lucky one Bella! 
I was way too drunk yesterday (almost? embarassingly so)... and I think I forgot to pay at the last bar we were? (oy  ..)
I was wondering why I saw 3 fire trucks at Takoma. That's MY stop! I feel for the family of that 1 person who had to die 
I was wondering why Pixar was a trending topic - after investigating, I feel like I have to cry...      #pixar
I was wrong - it's something worse than that 
I was wrong about you and you were wrong about youself duuudee.  . It doesn't matter anymore
i was wrong, there is school tomorrow 
I was wrong... i was looking at a simplified version.... 
I washed my car today. Too bad it took me an hour and a half  Next time I wont wait a year to do so.
I washed the laundry AND my phone along with it 
I washes my hair today and it was really curly and pretty ... then it dried like a hard brillo pad and turned into a frizzy afro. 
I wasn`t able to play with the kids `cause they went to the court when I was asleep. 
I wasnt able to make it to the march today  but it's okay.....
I wasn't an instant winner... there won't be 5 bearded men playing metal in my living room. 
i wasn't aware tay tay was a universal thing, i thought it was bethan's thing. sad now 
i wasnt down until sum1 sed summat 
I wasn't expecting it to be such a nice day. Have to take some earphones back to the shop later and do some more packing 
I wasnt finished. 
I wasn't invited  http://bit.ly/154hFF
I wasn't joking when I said it was the start of the rainy season. Looking like a blueprint of the last two summers  The Met Office sucks!
i waste so much time 
i wasted 30-40 mins of ma tym trying to make up wid some1... &amp; now i feel lyk ive done nuthing But shit since she's jus not replying.... 
i watch @jonasbrothers the concert experience again. many scenes were cut. its like the one i watched was an extended version. not in 3d 
I watched 7 Pounds today. SO SAD!! I loved it though. It was pretty neat. Ya know... the last few Will Smith movies I sawed were sad 
I watched an australian television program about a dolphin named 'Jock'. I could not stop crying 
i watched another saved by the bell episode, but i fell asleep because i hadn't been to sleep yet, my laptop shut + lost the link! 
i watched man vs food for like 4 hours the other day 
I watched marley and me today... Honestly the ending made me cry 
I watched Merlin for the second week in a row, and I must say I'm hooked! A week is way too long to wait for more! 
i watched the finale of life with derek. i feel like crying  haha. im gonna miss watching @michaelseater 
I watched Tourettes - I Swear I Can't Help It yesterday. And laughed.  Is that bad?
i watching VH1 alone 
I wated my 69th tweet on Lydia 
I weighed myself and the scale did nnt budge since last week.  Maybe I should try again now that I made a deposit.
I weighed myself. Bad plan. I could cry. 
I weighed this morning- it wasn't good  new scales as well and we all know how much I hate scales in general let alone new ones
i went 2 bed earlt las nit..like 3. was posed to get up at 8. i got up @ 10. so not a morn person 
I went 2 visit Sarona my favourite pt in the peads ward &amp; she gave me a bracelet .. I left w/o giving it back 
I went all freaky during my bloodtest again. Went in townnnn saw amy at work experience haha. Feel horrible tbh  rehearsals are a no Tbh
I went back! I'm very tired  and now I have to go to my grandmother's house ... 
i went ice-skating last night and fell on my butt and ii'm still sore 
i went in to see parsley today &amp; he really didnt look well, ill be sad when he dies  poor ickle rat.
I went on a picnic with my awesome big sister tonight.  Lagoon Park Trail, my Dad forgot the camera 
I went on ticketmaster just to see what kind of seats were left for Demi Lovato. AND I GOT FLOOR SEATS. Too bad I don't have 100 dollars 
I went out and now I'm exhausted.  
I went out trying to grab some new Lightning pics with this mornings storm but there was too much rain. 
I went through all the course material and all the texts, and have an extensive outline drawn out, but still... only halfway done. 
I went to a leather/bear/bdsm/kink block party event today, but was too shy to take my shirt off  Gay leather bears intimidate me. LOL
i went to ayala about to buy sandals in linea but when i was about to pay, i found out that i din't bring wallet just my coin purse! 
I went to bed at 10:30 last night, and just woke up at 7.  Why am I still so exhausted and sick? 
I went to bed at a 11pm, was still tossing &amp; turning at 1am, awake at 5am. I'll be the one looking like a zombie in the corner 
I went to bed extra early yesterday and I'm STILL super sleepy 
I went to busch gardens yesturday and now my voice and head hurts ....... 
I went to convert my Keynote -&gt; Powerpoint, and I lost all of my builds.  
I went to da fair todayyyy sooo much fun. . . but then i felt like i was goin to puke 
i went to doctors they couldnt find vein i might have diabeties 
I went to Jason's family reunion and got called out as a 'Yankee' because I put pickles on my hot dog. There go my plans to fit in 
I went to L&amp;L while I was in Las Vegas and had a great lunch.  I'm disappointed to find that there are no franchises in the DC area.  
I went to mcdonalds cause i am well fat 
I went to my grandmother's birthday party, aka, the bar, and got food poisoning, aka a hangover, so I can't go to work today. 
I went to sleep late again last night... and now I'm paying.. 
I went to sleep, then woke up again a couple of hours later. I hate not seeing her online when I wake up  I miss her 
I went to Target and in the toys section, I saw Lego's. It made me miss my childhood  I wish I was 5 again. (Or Whatever age I played lego
I went to the bar last night, so now I'm 250.0. That's a gain of 1.4 on yesterday. 
I went to the international education exhibition in Dubai yesterday, and nothing at all, haven't chosen my university yet 
I went to the orthodontist and now my teeth hurt! 
I went to the store today andsaw a little boy that looked like Alex  now, eating chicken fajitas and watching Lakers get beat.
I went to two different malls today looking for a prom dress and came out empty handed. Sneaking out with matt right now. SATs tomorrow 
I went to UNA's library to study tonight.  To my utter dismay, they close at 11 instead of 1am 
I went to walmart to get all my stuff I needed and I was in such a hurry I didn't even have time to check out hott guys 
I went to wamu with my bro and left my purse and now I wanna go shoppin'! 
I went to watch UP!! It was almost as good as WALL-E O.O I also seem to have lost BOTH of my converse.  I think they threw them out ca ...
I went to work but they sent me home after two hours 
I which I had money to buy the @jonasbrothers and the @ddlovato album 
i wil definitely miss you C!  hate saying goodbye
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE U (RENZO S.)  Though he is married 
I will be going off to school soon.   
I will be leaving PA soon 
i will be MIA  finals week is next week...
I will be missing my Special Chicago traveling pal while I am there this time!!! 
I will be sober... all the way dude... 
i will be stopping by the cemetery to visit my dad today ... wow its been 12 yrs 
I will be wearing a muumuu to post op tomorrow since my abdomen is still too sore for pants 
i will die in 06/13/09 becasue sam is going out with mike hhhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh     
i will do  the word of the day when i get back from walmart. i dont want to go! 
i will do anything to meet justin. 
i will do physycology again  kimm where r u ?
i will do some uni stuff now. 
I will forever be on Team Lauren. Why couldn't the new season of The Hills follow Lo or Audrina instead of Kristin?  
I will get a 1 for my test, 10 is the highest 
I will get better but I wanna know why it has to hurt so much, even my skin is hurting 
I will get my business coursework done by today. I will. I will.. I won't. 
I will give absolutely everything just to go to Diagon Alley! 
I will go to class today, I will go to class today, I will go to class today.. 
I will have a six pack by July. If not abs, then beer. I don't even like beer, so that will be my punishment 
I will hold off on answering so someone else can win.   I am not going to Blogher unfortunately   #CraftyM4
I will kill A dog today if it licks my face again grrr! 
I will kill myself if summer weather doesn't come soon.  All of this rain is depressing me.
I will let you know for sure! Poor baby is still having a fever, we keep taking it down w/tylenol but it keeps coming back 
I will miss @chloelunn in German tomorrow. 
I will miss George in Grey's Anatomy. Seriously. 
I will miss the Hamptons this summer 
i will miss them sooo much.  &lt;3
i will miss this class 
i will miss you 
I will miss you @Oscarthecat   http://twitpic.com/2lgkw
I will miss you too @sandramjoll 
I will never chew on a straw again....it cut my throat because i fell on it  now it feels like i have strept
i will never complain abt working too much now. i'm cutting into my refund check money 
I will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill. 
I will never ever configure the dom0 remotely again.. just had to drive with my bike to the office to restart the networking 
I will never ever get a haircut 
I will never like getting up at 5 am  dumb work schedule.
I will never try to be sexy and shave my monkey chest ever again. Its all itchy and shit 
I will never, ever, forgive Mark Hughes if he gets Tevez. And I used to *worship* Sparky 
I WILL NO LONGER BE ON TWITTER I MADE A BET AND I LOST SO THE BET WAS IF LOST I DELETE MY TWITTER 
i will not be able to go to college because of these personal statements. i have no dreams, hopes, or aspirations 
I will not ever have my photos developed in a local lab again 
i will not nap today. i will not nap today. i will not nap today. i need a nap 
I will officially no longer be statusing in the third person.  #fb
I will pray for them, I know that 2 of them are from my city 
i will rarely online twitter cause i must study for university entered test 
I will regretfully not be performing with Mr. V tonight in DC due to my music video shoot shift in filming times.  
I will revolt when I have to pay for my broadband. Apparently there are too many of us and being added each day that the &quot;hogs&quot; will pay. 
I will say, with the NBa season in its final stretch, its almost like the last day of camp approaching...     
I will sleep with a broken heart tonight... 
I will soon fall on my desk...  it's 8:07 pm in Cali only  and in france it's 5:07 am
I will watch new moon.but first on january. 
I will you Crook! But you have to stay with @sasquatzz for the time being. 
I wiped out my Mobile by mistake!!! I hope my back up is still on the computer!!! The provider is closed now. 
i wish #bones season 5 was out like NOW!!! i cant wait 3 months 
I wish #gwibber didn't crash every ten minutes 
I wish @adultswim didnt add Star Wars: The Clone Wars to their line up. I cold be watching Squidbillies right now instead 
I wish @beejaypee would get home already so we could have oodles of sex 
I wish @FreezyPie was here with me 
I wish @iamjazmine didnt go to sleep  now im reminiscing by myself!
I wish @iGoBySpock was online! 
i wish @jonasbrothers were in the states 
I wish @nicoletalisse lived 4 blocks away again  I miss my littlefoot.
I wish @paquinanna would follow me 
i wish @thejuelzsantana would go live in the studio 
i wish @twitter would fix the photo problem already so i can upload a new fault w/o it messing up 
i wish @yelyahwillams and the rest of paramore would come to the philippines 
I wish 4 healthy cigarettes ... 
i wish a cute background 
I wish a had the chanel bay and ray bans 
I wish all my dance friends lived in illinois. 
I wish all my friends were here so we could party like it was pre-industrial era 
I wish all these things I've posted were lies.... They're not.   I want to be rescued.
I wish Apple would hurry up and approve @beejiveim but my guess is that they are deliberately delaying IM apps that use the push service 
I wish Ava Gardner hadn't aborted Frank Sinatra's baby  Could you Imagine what potential that child had?
I wish be in Dallas 
i wish being home wasn't so stressful 
i wish ben has twitter 
I wish bisexual people were more accepted in the queer community. I want to be more active, but I always feel like nobody wants me there. 
I wish BMW wouldn't play chicken in these qualifying sessions, it doesn't do me any good 
i wish boys weren't so dumb. 
I wish break would never end 
I wish bugs didn't love to eat me. 
I wish Caleb and Ashley would get out of Jacob's bed  Wtf
I wish Chick Fil A were open today  I hate Sundays!
i wish coachella was closer 
I wish cool people lived here. I want to have a bad teen movie summer where they sneak out and laugh all the time, and go to the beach. 
i wish creepy people wouldnt follow me 
I wish diversity was like one of those musicians with loads of stuff on YouTube, but no  #bgt
I wish Dolly Parton had a Twitter!!  
I wish Doug was on 
I wish drew ryan scott would say something to ME  but he's too busy doing other things 
I wish Edward was here with me, he's out hunting with his brothers tonight 
I wish Eric Northman was real. 
I wish Eugene had been on at 8...I need to take a shower now. 
I wish everybody who's attending MoMo 11 a great time! It's a shame I didn't rsvp'ed fast enough 
I wish everyday was Saturday!  But  nooooo, there just HAS to be weekdays, too! 
i wish everyone a good night, i am so tired 
I wish everyone would just get along  ah well, c'est la vie
I wish everyone'd stop talking about Glasto 
i wish facebook would work already 
I wish Fairtex mtn view would reopen soon. I'm missing my daily fix 
I wish finals weren't this week.  UGH!!!
I wish for a universal unsubscribe button of life. Junk mail, junk email and junk phone call sales people.  Next up, junk text messages! 
I wish for more rain. It still feels warm 
I wish for once we could sleep in late. We are always up around 7ish bc of my dog 
i wish for the whole truth everytime you speak. maths 
i wish getting famous was easy  there some good talent out there but these days it has to be up to expectations for them to get famous
I wish going to the gym was as easy as eating...and as yummy too 
I wish had some alone time 
i wish hannah montana was on .. but it wont be on until 5:30!! and its 12:00 
I wish he was here with me 
I wish he was just a little more understanding.... 
I wish he`d notice me 
I wish Hogwarts was real 
i wish i bought that other hat from h&amp;m 
i wish i can be like him 
I wish I can copy and paste on the iPhone/itouch 
I wish i can get the Damier Canvas Keepall 45....but i don't think its a smart decision at this moment  but when do i make smart decisions
I wish i can go back in time. 
i wish i can go home 
i wish i can go to new york 
i wish i can go to two different schools at the same time. 
i wish i can read korean on my blackberry  it would make my twittwer life easier.
I wish I can take my hair off so I don't have to redo it the next day. You white people have it so good 
I wish i can wear my blazer to work. But its so bloody hot! Hate the weather.  - http://tweet.sg
I wish i could afford Bikram everyday 
I wish I could afford everything in the world 
I wish I could afford more than just the $10 donation, but I can't.  Need to go to the Arlington racetrack and start betting on the ponies
I wish I could afford to see Giada at Aspen Food and Wine this weekend 
I wish I could b with my mommy on mothers day 
I wish I could be an Impact counselor again this year. Full times jobs get in the way of everything  #squarespace make me feel better!
I wish i could be at E3 
i wish i could be at that meet in the middle thing in fresno today 
I wish I could be AT work as opposed to being wit the kids cuz it's the hardest job eva 
I wish I could be bothered to get dressed and buy The Sims 3.  Too lazy though. My biggest problem in life, right there.
I wish I could be fresh 
I wish I could be important for those that are important for me. 
I wish I could be in @RayWJ's music video...But sadly, I'm in Canada combating polar bears and studying for exams 
I wish I could be in the arms of my lover. But he is on the other side of the world 
I wish I could be ridiculous and get away with it. But some things are impossible 
I wish I could be skinny enough to look good in anything. Like those http://lookbook.nu people 
I wish I could be watching my baby pitch tonight.  
i wish i could be with my friends, in their time of need. 
i wish i could bring you back  i miss you, best friend
i wish i could but i can't. 
I wish I could by @jonasbrothers's album 
I wish I could change my background. It still wont let me 
I wish i could check my story that i uploaded for reviews, but i don't have a nearby computer 
I wish I could convince Scotty and the boys to wear red chucks at the wedding. 
I wish I could dance like Andy. 
I wish I could do a Free Hugs campaign. But from what I hear, it's illegal here. 
I wish I could do something besides turn my nerdy avatar green.   #iranelection
I wish I could do something tonite. 
I wish I could drink.  Or smoke. And watch half baked! It just isn't the same sober.
I wish I could fall asleep 
I wish I could fit completely on the windowsill still.  http://tinyurl.com/mk7k34
I wish I could flop on the couch and watch The Travel Channel. 
I Wish I could Fly to Delaware to Visit my Muffin  Never forget the first time she called me Veron.
I wish I could follow people while at work. But the little button to click follow doesn't work. 
I wish I could follow you more than once. I'm going to be bummed for you if you lose the bet 
I wish i could get a piercing other than ears and belly 
I wish i could get more followers   i only have 5
I wish I could get my nails done  stupid job
I wish I could get my nails done like I used to. 
I wish I could get over my crippling stage fright so I can perform on stage 
i wish i could go abroad just once more, i know i wont @splashingaround.  omg i feel like crying, or hitting something.
I wish I could go and watch the rest of the Southern AAA tryouts, but it's mothers day and my mom would prefer it if we stayed home  
I wish I could go back HOME (PHX)  
I wish I could go back in time.  Goodnight world
I wish I could go back to bed because its 28 flippin degrees out... 
I wish I could go back to bed. I hate Mondays.  Blah! I feel like I didn't get enough sleep last night either.
I wish I could go back to camp 
I wish I could go back to summer '06  I miss it.
I wish I could go back to Wednesday night because now I'm sick, sunburned and have no voice 
I wish i could go blonde, it just doesn't suit me  x
i wish i could go out 
I Wish I could go to Demi's concert 
i wish i could go to E3 2009.... 
i wish i could go to see armin but i gotta wait till ultra next year it looks like!  #asot400
I wish I could go to the @atub meetup. Stupid having to work at 7pm 
I wish i could go to the @coolworks   meetup   Ironically, it is because of @coolworks that I can't go.  Gotta work. #cwmeetup09
I wish I could go to the beach today 
i wish i could go to the concert this wknd!  bills first tho!  
I wish I could go to the flea market in Montgomery 
I wish I could go to the Grove and see @mitchelmusso 
I wish I could grow a beard 
I wish i could hang out with Doris. *sad* 
I wish I could have an actual conversation in Japanese 
I wish I could have gone on the Yosemite trip. 
I wish i could have gone to c star trek today 
I wish I could have gone to Heroes for Autism. 
I wish I could have gotten into blythe a little sooner, I could have had twice as many dolls for the same amount of money. 
I wish I could have visited Kowloon Walled City before they torn it down 
I wish I could have watched the CMA's 
I wish I could invest more time on my blogs. 
I wish I could just find a reasonably priced make-up palette for contouring. Stupid me being all pale. 
I Wish I Could Just Help  Oh So Sad!
I wish i could just say im sorry for being crazy and i love you...and everything would be better  ps I hate living out here I'm lonely 
I wish I could leave the cult because there's some major douchebags in there, but I feel like I have no where else to turn 
I wish I could link to _twat's post on the #IranElection. 
I wish I could live in Italy and learn Italian!  someone rescue me from work!
I wish I could log onto a computer but all I have is Twitter via my mobile.  
I wish i could lower my weight. I want to lose about 60 pounds but life sucks 
I wish i could make beads today but my son wouldn't like that and must study for biology midterm.  
i wish i could make work disappear with the snap of my fingers 
I wish I could move tomorrow. 
I wish I could pay someone to do my laundry at 3 am so I could get 5 hours of sleep instead of 3. 
i wish i could play like this guy  http://bit.ly/aCkPR
I wish I could play Sims 3 on my crappy computer. 
I wish I could post sound on twittah, this band is amazing! they are jammin for real! Good stuff to bad I don't understand arabic 
I wish I could put my feelings into words, I really do. The only word I can really come up with though is dissapointed.  Sad, hurt?
I wish I could report that I enjoyed Transformers 2... but I don't think I did  a bit of a mess of a movie IMHO, first one was better!
I wish I could run away form this hell I'm livin'..... 
I wish I could say I did lots of cool twitter coding today, but I'm just not feeling 100% yet. . .bummers.  
I wish I could say the same about the workout, it's been about 2 weeks   I've got to get back on track.  By the way, great arms 
I wish I could see dramafest SO BAD. 
I wish I could see Eddie! Never in Davenport 
I wish I could see everyone at IMATS. 
I wish i could see Madonna in Europe this summer 
i wish i could see my dad today  i have the best one in the world
I wish I could see Princess Protection Program premiere tonight, but I got no ride and I probably won't even get close to seeing anyone 
i wish i could see Reamonn at Tollwood in Munich tomorrow, but i can't  ... but there will be a next time and i see them then!! have fun!
I wish I could see Transformers 2 in theaters, but I think I might have to resort to watching it on DVD. 
i wish i could sit down with my family for dinner.  they love too far away.  
I wish i could sleep past four a.m. on my nights off  good morning!
I wish I could sleep, I have to be up in 5 hours! 
i wish i could snap my fingers and be in la for demi's video shoot tomorrow.... ugh... 
I wish I could spend my birthday in bed. I'm not feeling so well.  oh Happy Birthday to me!
I wish I could stand in line for an iPhone tomorrow.   Freaking work.
i wish i could start my own family  its takin too damn long! geese!
I wish I could stay and go to the park with nate and rambo, stupid work 
i wish i could stay home 
I wish i could stop ageing  I want to be young forever and do crazy s*** for the rest of my life xD
I wish I could stop shaking. I hate scary dreams 
I wish I could stop stressing about/for my mum. This is a horrible situation for anyone to be in, let alone my wonderful  mother 
I wish I could take the kitty home w/ me, but the apt I live in doesn't allow pets. I fed it an hr ago &amp; I still hear it outside meowing! 
I wish i could talk to my husband 
I wish I could teleport on some Nightcrawler shit but it aint happening 
I wish I could vote for all three of the recent #PennyArcade strips.  - http://penny-arcade.com/
i wish i could watch DAVID ARCHULETA! on saturday! 
i wish i could watch SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE.... 
I wish I could watch the awards.. But I wasn't invited, 
I wish I could watch the BBC F1 feed  Stupid ad breaks
I wish I could write decent chiptune-age 
I wish i could've at least seen them live  i know it would've been worth it especialmente por ese sexy movimiento k hacen :L
I wish I could've been least night at Paricia Kaas's concert 
I wish I could've gone to SF with the peeps 
I wish i could've seen him today... 
i wish i could've watched the mtv awards, everyone is talking about.  fuck me for not owning cable at my mom's.
i wish i cud cry...fall upon my knees....find a way to lie...  all because my whole work of last week was logically flawed!!
I wish i didn't care about you as much as i do. I wish i wasn't in love with as much as i am  but i can't help it. you make me happy.
I wish I didn't have a bardie ear 
I wish i didnt have a tooth ache 
I wish I didn't have all of this stuff to do, It's such a nice day, and I want to fly my kite 
I wish I didn't have pervy old neighbors so I could lay out and get a real tan 
I wish I didn't have to get up so early tomorrow! 
I wish i didnt have to go take this world geo test  i probably should havd studied more....
I wish I didn't have to work anymore 
I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 
I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow  I'd ditch it to buy tickets from Tom Delonge!!!
I wish I didn't have to work two jobs 
I wish I didn't leave the 10th so I could have THMDK at my house 
I wish I didn't live so far away from central London 
I wish I didn't live so far from town 
I wish I didn't procrastinate 
i wish I didn't say no to outings tonight! @HOME while everyone is out. 
I wish I didn't try to see the best in some people, just leads to disappointment.   I really need a hug  
i wish i got more hours at banana 
I wish I got that guys number ... I will probs never see him again 
I wish I had $50  http://www.mupromo.com/
I wish I had @bellanicola and @Danielita89's aims so I could join the fun 
I wish I had a 24 membership. F-in with la fitness the gym closes at 12. 
I wish I had a beer 
i wish i had a big ass 
I wish I had a bloody garden,hard to get a tan in here 
i wish i had a boyfriend sometimes 
I wish I had a breakfast sandwich and coffee right now 
I wish I had a car so I could drive to Columbia to see my baby tonight 
I wish I had a car... need to give out resumes, but the weather is horrible... 
I wish I had a cold when @ddlovato had hers.. So that we can be best friends, too.  I'm so depressed.
I wish i had a convertible  driving with the windows down will have to suffice for now
I wish i had a credit card to buy my blink tickets 
I wish I had a dog 
I wish I had a free ticket to the sold out no doubt/paramore show that is taking place less than 10 minutes from my house tonight 
i wish i had a gallon of ice cream! 
I wish I had a garden, I want fall asleep in it with a cold Kronenbourg listening to the Whitest Boy Alive  #fb http://myloc.me/42th
i wish i had a handheld remote for my camera 
i wish i had a healed ACL 
I wish I had a job so I could buy all the pretty dresses @sarahmorrison is buying 
I wish I had a Mac 
i wish i had a macbook  on a separate note, Palm #Pre is coming out today - the wife 'needs' one for work
I wish I had a mom whom I could look up to, whom could guide me in life  mine is such a horrible despressed frustrated ugly type. Mom Rent
i wish i had a puppy to play with while laying outside 
i wish i had a sister. i want someone like that    u cant compete with that. boo. new orleans soon!!!!
i wish i had a special skill or at least an interesting hobby of sorts, cos i don't think laughing out of context counts 
i wish i had Adobe-employee connection.. blum mampu beli sendiri.. 
i wish i had an endless supply of money to go on a non-stop shopping spree 
I wish I had an imaginary friend 
I wish I had an iPhone. Aaron Gillespie even has one. 
I wish I had an iPhone... 
I wish I had asked Reeves to go to the beach instead of Amanda 
I wish I had at least one person that I could talk to about anything....  Not watching Alpha Dog tonight. Tomorrow instead.
I wish I had black nail polish so I could complete my &quot;filthy rocker&quot; look tonight! 
I wish I had bought that bottle of water.... I am so very thirsty... a good 20min till london victoria still... 
I wish I had brought my umbrella over here too...it's windy and raining like crazy now! Crap   http://twitpic.com/7pos3
i wish i had fans ! haha becoming an actress is one of the hardest things in the world no matter how hard you want it. 
I wish i had followers 
i wish i had friends 
I wish I had hair like Jasmins from Aladdin 
I wish I had hired help to wash these clothes and clean my dresser (as I lie in laziness across the bed.) One load down; five to go. 
I wish I had ice cream. 
I wish I had insomnia @bettersafetynet !  Work is my excuse for being up so late/early.  Grave shift = sleeping during the day. 
i wish i had lazy sundays. 
i wish i had loadsa money  y don't i?!?! WHY!
i wish i had lots of money. i would buy all the super cute dresses at urban outfitters. 
i wish i had money 
I wish I had money for record store day. Eff losing it all in Vegas. 
I wish I had money for that woot.  I will end up paying full price later.
i wish i had money so i could get tattooed 
i wish i had money to see Death Cab sunday tomorrow 
I wish i had more confidence, that girl in Guess today...wow! 
i wish i had more followers  this isn't as fun when you're kinda talking to yourself!
I wish i had more followers. 
i wish i had more free time to do photography 
I wish I had more sleepy time. 
I wish I had more than one friend here. Or that all the people in my house would leave. 
i wish i had more time for everything  i hate taking shortcuts.
i wish i had more wotsits  theyre the best thing ever.
i wish i had mtv , so i could watch the New Moon trailer   is there anyway to watch it online? D:
I wish i had my camera 
I wish i had my computer back 
I wish I had my iPod with me.  Why did I leave it in the states?    - http://tweet.sg
I wish I had my noodle with me so we could cuddle  he wouldn't want to anyways...he says I snore (which I do not!!!)
i wish i had my own dog 
i wish i had my phone right about now 
I wish i had my xbox360 back...  new goal: buy xbox360
I wish I had one of those jobs were you get the summers off. It's beautiful outside and I'm stuck inside this dreadful box 
i wish i had pancakes right now. 
I wish I had PB to talk me thru some of this stress 
i wish i had polarizer for my wide-angle 
I wish i had some friends on twitter. 
I wish i had some head on to apply directly to my forehead 
I wish I had some mad skillz - keep getting pwned on COD online 
I wish I had some magical way to make my throat stop hurting 
I wish I had some milk so I can eat my special k. 
I wish I had someone fun to talk to at work. Bleh 
I wish i had someone to cook for me...i am soo lazy sometimes 
I wish I had someone to cuddle up with atm 
I wish I had someone to cuddle with 
I wish I had something fun to do tonight. 
I wish I had something to tweet about. My life is lame. 
I wish I had taken a nap.. I'm off to work now 
I wish I had the courage to drop out and do a fashion course at uni 
I wish i had the cure for bitchassness. 
i wish i had the energy to dance around my room singing. 
I wish I had the money to have a big frilly wedding... As it stands it's looking like pizza at mums house 
i wish i had the movie pineapple express. 
I wish I had time for another shower. The rain made my hair gross 
I wish I had to go to bed now because I have to wake up to get the new iPhone... but i don't 
I wish I had twitpic in April... now I can take a picture of the sundae I am going to eat, not Quinto or HRG.... 
I wish I had unlimited concert funds. I'd love to see @astallaslions &amp; @parachute this summer, but I don't have the $ to give LiveNation. 
I wish I had Victoria Day off with my family. 
I wish I had/could use earphones at work so I could catch up on Emergency Pants 
I wish I hadn't forgotten my bank card. I have about Â£2.50 in my purse and I want sushi 
I wish I hadn't I gave in to morbid curiosity and watched Tommy Cooper's death on youtube :/ 
I wish I hadn't waited until 3am on a night when I've been drinking to watch the series finale of Pushing Daisies. Biggest letdown ever 
i wish i have a brother 
I wish I knew how to twitter on my phone... signed up for widget (i think its called), but I cant really access it 
I wish I knew how to work my radio  all I can do is play c.d's on that hunk of shit.
I wish i knew Spanish-my parents never taught me. I only know baby words 
I wish I knew what to do. Sometimes I wonder if it's worth it. And when I question myself about it a lot, I think that must be the answer 
i wish i knew what to do.. baby is teethin has a fever n something wrong wit his ear... 
i wish i knew what was going on in Lost 
I wish I knew what's going on... 
i wish i knew why my neck is so itchy! ack. and my top lip still feels funny 
I wish I liked myself more....  Also, I'm no longer crazy about my hair, and it makes me sad...
i wish i lived in a time zone more appropriate to the hours i actually keep. ie. it's almost 4 am and i'm wide awake 
I wish I lived in America 
I wish I lived in CA so I could go to Rite Aid and get a scoop of chocolate malted crunch ice cream 
i wish i lived in l.a.  -everything goes down there
i wish i lived in LA i could go to the FSAS thing 
I wish I lived in Texas  http://tinyurl.com/lemptr
I wish I lived in the States so I could watch @DaveJMatthews Live  http://iLike.com/t/7SNo
i wish i new how to rite a sonnnng  or put music to lyriccs
I wish i played soccer today 
I wish I saw The Dark Knight in IMAX. 
I wish i still had my money to buy my memory card..... 
i wish i still had my sunglasses...  ~Mae~
i wish i still lived in columbia tennessee  it was so close to franklin and i use to go there all the time! they're music store rocked!
i wish i still lived in New Jersey...  lol...
I wish I still worked with @CherylWalls so work would be fun.  Plus my brain is all mixed up and I need somebody to talk to. =/
I wish I understood what the lil chinitos are saying when I go in to do my eyebrows.. ... ???? 
I wish I was @daniiellaaa house with sophiehattch 
i wish i was @taylorswift13 in her latest video.  i mean look at all the lovin' she gets from Lucas Till 
I wish I was 12 + had no exams + could listen to Jason mraz + play in the garden 
I wish I was 18 so you could stop by and visit with me @gradualreport  How about you do another roadtrip in 2yrs??? lol
i wish i was a childd 
I wish I was a guru    I might just ask for a good camera for my grad present!  Goooood  I D E A !
I wish I was a morning person before the cups of coffee! 
I wish i was a simmer. 
i wish i was a skater/surfer in the mid 70s 
I wish I was able to actually enjoy ACTUAL acai berries....sadly I don't get that pleasure 
I wish I was an actress bad  I love acting
i wish i was at a certain concert right now 
i wish i was at bamboozle  i would die if i met all time low lmao
I wish i was at Bamboozle  Stupid Zoomies! !CSWS!
I wish i was at coachella this wkend  I had to work through aust. festival season
I wish I was at Coachella!    Next year, maybe.
I wish i was at Glastonbury 
I wish I was at home to celebrate Father's day. I miss my daddy. 
I wish i was at home to look after Claire 
I wish I was at home watching True Blood and Big Bang Theory 
I wish i was at home work is slow and boring 
i wish i was at kairos listening to uncle mikey preach instead of being in anatomy lab! 
i wish i was at melissasparty right now  
I wish I was at Ocean Breeze  But atleast the O's took 2 of 3 from the Mets! Ha! Take that Bobby!!!! ~Chaps
I wish I was at PG party 
I wish I was at Silverstone! It's not the same on TV! Boo Hoo!  #F1 #maxout #brawngp
I wish I was at the MTV movie awards 
I wish I was at the Pens Parade rather than my internship 
i wish i was at the private laker event with my boy kanye 
I wish I was at the wildlife park 
i wish i was at wolvo tonight! but i'm stuck in portsmouth 
I wish I was back home in the desert where it's warm 
I wish I was back in HK right now for all the consumerism oppurtunities that I could be engaging in right now.  *sigh*
I wish I was black. Actually, I think I was meant to be black. I already  got the dick! Just not the pigment...  lmao
I wish I was bumping glasses with meggie 
i wish i was buying JB in an hour  sweet dreams everybody!
I wish I was cool like @funkayy and had a bike to work on 
i wish i was creative 
i wish i was famous sometimes, then i wouldnt have to worry about searching for a job 
I wish I was getting &quot;at&quot; messages 
I wish I was getting married 
I wish i was goin out tonight 
I wish I was going to @mitchelmusso cd signing today but my mama said it's too far  I should have gone yesterday, it was so much closer.
I wish i was going to a Taylor Swift concert this summer...Sigh.. 
i wish i was going to all time low now. 
I wish I was going to dci.....       Kitchen project is done!  Just in time before a big party     three hours before it started
i wish i was going to download 
I wish I was going to E3 
I wish i was going to Glasto with lynn and Trish!  They said next year Woo  tehe x
I wish I was going to new york with my Dad 
i wish i was going to paramore tonight! EVERYONE IN PSL IS BUT ME  fmlfmlfml
I wish I was going to prom.  
I wish I was going to see dinosaur jr in Athens tomorrow 
i wish i was going to see pink  sux i didnt tickets arghhhh
I wish i was going to see relient k tonight! 
I wish I was going to see There For Tomorrow tonight 
i wish i was going to skool tomorrow 
I wish I was going to Take That tomorrow 
I wish I was going to the beach this weekend with H town girls  ahh the life I used to live in Mass... i say we meet up in NYC.
I wish I was going to the teahouse with @faye_ann and @nikkii55.  instead, I'm stuck at school. Oh hellacious school. How I despise thee.
I wish I was going to we love sounds 
i wish i was going to wwdc... 
I wish I was golfing  but i'm making copies instead.
I wish I was herbing so I could help out the craft faire more 
I wish I was home alone. 
I wish I was home and in my own bed  This couch sucks.
I wish i was home in Tehran  at least i could do sth so I wouldn't feel guilty!! ( - #Iranelection
I wish I was home with Kelhen 
i wish i was in a resort ryt now...a particular resort though... 
I wish I was in Adelaide for ATL &amp; SYG 
i wish i was in Atlanta partying 
I wish I was in AZ with @shastaboard right now. 
I wish I was in Connecticut 
i wish i was in dallas right nowww 
I wish I was in DC. 
I wish i was in every dance. Its not fair. Its not fair. Girls waste their opportunities and i must sit backstage and watch them do that. 
I wish I was in L.A. 
I wish I was in LA 
I wish i was in Maine too...he doesn't get phone reception out there in the middle of nowhere...no word for a week 
I wish I was in Morgantown so that I could do fun things in this nice weather and not have anything else to worry about. 
i wish i was in new jersey with @thenewclean and @thetalkabout baahhhh 
I wish I was in New York. 
I wish I was in Newport 
I wish I was in NY right now! Every1 is tweetin bout summer jam...  I miss it!
I wish I was in Philadelphia with my Beijing loversss right now 
I wish I was in Pittsburgh 
I wish i was in Tempe right now.   - xoxo
i wish i was in the bahamas to see the @jonasbrothers  i love you guys &lt;3 good luck at your concert!
i wish i was in the sun 
i wish i was in TO right now  oh coldplay! *sigh*
I wish I was in Vegas so I can see @crissangel 
I wish I was little more talented with things like that  I'm sorry for eveyone waiting! I have to lefties when it comes to this... :'(
i wish I was n LA for the Lakers Parade 
I wish I was on my way to London to see QI 
I wish I was on the moors, inside of their castle on Peninstone Crags. 
i wish i was one of your bestfriends miley 
I wish I was out 2nite!! Hate being in on a Saturday night 
i wish i was outside  thats the only thing thats gonna kill me about work all day, everyday during the summer.
I wish I was outside radio one now 
I wish I was playing Catan. 
I wish I was rich 
I wish I was running  It's so great outside!!!
i wish i was samantha off bewitched so i could wiggle my nose and my house would be clean...wiggle wiggle dang it didn't work 
I wish i was small so i could play in the play place. 
I wish I was somewhere... like London. 
I wish I was still asleep 
i wish i was still at the beach 
I wish I was still in L.A. to show my support at the Pop 8 Rally! 
i wish i was stronger. maybe i'll lift weights or something. 
I wish I was talented enough to do spoken words.... 
I wish I was taller 
I wish i was the fake president 
I wish I was there  I hate living on long island=/
I wish I was there  Soooo amazing! http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio1/bigweekend/2009/artists/florenceandthemachine/
i wish i was till in school learning about PASCAL with dito, muthi, natalia, nuke 
I wish I was watching Sick Of Sarah right now 
I wish i was watching the game but there is some lame event happening in the library at work  i guess i'll just have to earn my paycheck
I wish I was watching 'Will &amp; Grace' w| @jazzyy__ 
i wish i was with @britanyflaherty and @baamkristeenx3 but no i have to study 
i wish i was with @lesleypatterson and @torysparkman 
i wish i was with @Zislis2 and @JustinCouturier 
I wish I was with my mom on Mother's day!  I'll be home soon.
I wish I was with my mom today 
I wish I was with you guys I'm home alone! 
i wish i wasn't awake! It's freezing! and i'm tired  my warm bed sounds really good right now
I wish I wasn't broke(ish) this summer. I want to go somewhere, maybe vegas or new york, anywhere, just get out of Cali for a little 
i wish i wasnt poor. 
I wish I wasn't so thirsty... 
I wish I wasn't so tired. I wanna finish this book tonight! But even then, my iPod had no drugs tonight, so it's gonna die on me soon 
I wish I wasn't so vulnerable  Goodnight.
I wish I wasn't the &quot;understanding, good friend&quot; anymore...this is breaking my heart. *sigh* 
I wish I wasn't working on this nice day, rather be bed with my baby still 
i wish i went out tonight 
I wish i went to sr prom this year it looked like fun 
i wish i went to the laker parade 
I wish I were a father so someone would give me a new phone for father's day. okay not a good trade-off, but I broke my phone. 
I wish i were asleep right now 
I wish I were at #yapcna10.  #yapc
I wish I were at Glastonbury 
I wish I were back home to spend Father's Day with my grandpa and dad! 
i wish i were british, or in britain atleast, to be there when HP related stuff happens 
I wish I were cool enough to have something witty to say every five seconds. Alas, methinks the Nate doth lack him the smarts. 
I wish I were doing something productive, but I'm too busy lying down so my heart doesn't end up exploding. Caffeine has betrayed me. 
I wish I were going back to Europe again this year  stupid Chilliwack...
i wish i were going to Hill's tonight like the rest of my friends!! 
I wish I were going to No Doubt tonight. 
I wish I were in NY hangin with @catherinemarie, @STFU_GINA and @redh0tjillypepa 
I wish i were me last fall. 
i wish i were taller and wayyyy wayyyy thinner  short &amp; fat now thats sad! - http://tweet.sg
i wish i were there  boo ughhhh. i miss you all. sameeh I LOVE YOU!
i wish i were watching the marathon today - 
i wish i were with her. i wanna go to the hosppital right now! 
I wish I weren't in West Fork. 
I wish I woke up earlier to have breakfast. I am sooooooooo hungry 
I wish I would have charged my computer before heading to the graduation. It's almost dead. 
i wish i would have known i wasnt gonna have to tak emy dad to work this morning i could have gotten in extra sleep. 
i wish i would.  i never have dreams anyway.
i wish icould sleep before 3 AM. the past few days have been laaaaame 
I wish I'd bought my camera to the beeeeach 
I wish I'd get tweets on my phone. Stupid German twitter policies 
I wish I'd remembered to put my pyjamas in the dryer earlier 
I wish I'm in Cali to attend IMATS 
I wish Indians from Australia just came back home. We're freakin worried sick! 
I wish internet speed here was more like driving haste here... wreckless. Unfortunately, it's stop and go surfing at 50kbps 
I wish it was a real shopping day  I ran out of time so I have to grab my food and go back to the station.
I wish it was Friday and that @naenaegurl wasn't in nyc without me   Again, work is for idiots.
i wish it was friday... now 
i wish it was morning in california because i cant sleep 
I wish it was november already 
i wish it was raining  sun sun...go awayy.    mr francis tonight, mm.
i wish it was still weekend , the weather is beautiful again and i want to spend the day outside but i have to work 
i wish it was sunny  at least then i could try get a tan lol
I wish it was sunny out 
I wish it was sunny outside 
i wish it was the way it use to be  i miss them old times  if only he knew how I feel  i spose its going well . hope it gets better.
I wish it was Thursday already 
I wish it wasn't raining out 
I wish it wasn't rainy. 
I wish it wasn't so hard to say &quot;goodbye...&quot; 
I wish it wasn't sooo hot  I want to ride my bicycle.
i wish it were still the weekend 
I wish it would get cold and rainy again... 
I wish it would rain...but it won't 
I wish it would start raining. 
i wish it would stop 
i wish it would stop raining all being shitty all the time. 
I wish it would stop raining so hard so I could go for a run 
I wish it would stop raining. I'm ready for the sun. I want to tan. 
i wish it wouldn't rain so i could go to the shore 
I wish Jamiroquai would go on tour. I would fly anywhere in the USA to go see them. 
I wish jealousy wasn't a feeling 
I wish Jennifer would vome to church again. I havent seen her since the concert in 2007 
I wish JJ was coming for Dinas BDay!!! 
i wish jonathan cook and caleb turman would come back to nashville along with the rest of ftsk.! 
i wish jtv would work for me right now 
i wish juniors could try out for jv soccer 
i wish kids educated themselves. i just read a forum on a website &quot;he got a alsom mind&quot; she wanted to say &quot;he's got an awesome mind&quot; 
i wish kris allen tweeted so i could stalk him down like we did katy perry. maybe i would have known ahead of time when he was in my city 
I wish life had a fast forward button! 
i wish mah boyfriend would go get me icecream 
I wish Maker Faire wasn't so far away  i would love to go, but no money to fly to cali and back 
I wish Mandela could find some kind of miracle drug where he can cut 20years off his age and come back as our President!! SA needs help! 
I wish more famous people would add me  wow thats saaaaaaaad well maybe not fomous maybe just interesting people
I wish more MMOs supported the Mac! Here's hoping Champions Online will since Dragon Age Origins doesn't 
I wish more of my friends would get on twitter 
I wish more people followed me   tweet tweet
I wish more people I knew had twitter 
I wish more people still posted on LJ.  
I wish more people would play the pirates sim game with me on facebook 
I wish more!!! 
I wish my ankle would be complete heal finally... 
I wish my baby would cheer up. 
i wish my BBM worked 
I wish my beau was here to not enjoy this rainy summa day with me...W/ out him it juz seems so dry... 
I wish my bed wasn't so hard... 
I wish my besties were back in town. Maybe then I wouldn't spend 22 hours a day in my room, on my laptop. 
i wish my blog was working properly - i have a great #followfriday blog post i wanted to showcase! 
I wish my boyfriend could watch Halestorm with me. 
I wish my boyfriend didn't have to go to New Zealand tomorrow 
I wish my boyfriend would be in a good mood for once.  
i wish my braces would just be perfect for once. i just went yesterday and it's all fucked again, plus my teeth hurt  stupid stuff..ugh
I wish my bro bro @the_exequetive1 loved me like I love him 
i wish my calender worked, its totally bumming me out and making me feel unorganized and forgetful 
I wish my cats were indoor cats. 
I wish my cell carrier had more smartphone options.  Only blackberry &amp; one Windows mobile phone.  I don't want either.  I want a Palm 
I wish my clients didn't use Microsoft products (specifically Excel).  They make life for a mainframe programmer a bit difficult.  UGH 
I wish my cold or watever I have goes away SOON! Dang allergies. I wish I was in bed right now 
I wish my computer would work. 
I wish my copy of LVATT would hurry up and get here! 
I wish my creativity was good enough to sell. Then sewing/ crafting/ drawing wouldn't seem like a waste of time and I could make monies 
I wish my dad would call me back.  Don't know what time the kids are coming home.  
I wish my dad would cut me some slack, I'm gonna be eighteen in less than a year and I can't even drive to my moms house to visit her 
I wish my dog &amp; cat would get along. It's becoming difficult to run interference between them. 
I wish my dream come true. I wish I wish I wish. 
I wish my exam was music and not drama 
I wish my face would stop breaking out. I stopped wearing face makeup and wash it twice a day. So sad 
i wish my family would stop buying nice junk food home. 
I wish my folks would hurry up and start the BBQ. I am so in need of a NOM. Only had breakfast 
I wish my friend Kristen would answer the phone.  Oh well. :3
i wish my friends had twitter, and i wish i had followers  lol
I wish my friends were on here. 
i wish my friends would answer my texts 
i wish my grill was operational 
I wish my hair would grow fasterr 
I wish my HATERS would just disappear. 
i wish my headache would go away  #BSB
i wish my holiday was here  miss my country!!
I wish my internet was working 
I wish my kids were still small,so I could have more mommy time with them n hold them close. Empty nest syndrome is startin to get to me. 
I wish my kitty could turn into a real woman. But then again, she's been de-sexed  Still fine for cuddling in bed though. *pets*
i wish my lovely friend @kaylanadeau was here!!!!  feel better man
I wish my mother &amp; I had a better relationship. We can't talk. she doesnt understand me .... And I need her 
I wish my Nasarel inhaler was filled with cocaine instead of steroids 
I wish my neighbor's internet would cut back on 
I wish my nicholas russell was here!  I don't wanna get my blood drawn!
I wish my parents let me have days off I really need to rest 
i wish my phone could play videos  cant wait til i get my computer back
i wish my pretty sister @terrytokyo was in a great mood. she isn't. boo 
I wish my set your goals hoodie wasn't so big 
I wish my sissy would buy me a bike and a camera strap  What's $160 between seesters?! haha
i wish my sunburn would just go awayyy! 
I wish my test grades were posted more efficiently. 
I wish my throat would stop hurting 
I wish my toothache would go away. 
I wish Ned could undead Pushing Daisies. 
I wish New York City still had Conan   Wanted to see him live at least a few more times...
i wish nikki was here so we could hose ourselves down and lay out front eating chips again 
I wish our internet worked  I guess I'll just spend the day at the library.
I wish our time zone was the same as america, I want to see fly with me video.  Cant see it till the morning
I wish owen would quit Complaining and get on with it! &gt; 
I wish Panasonic was on Twitter so I could complain to them about their awful customer service rather than a phone call 
I wish parents had a choice on what school their kids could attend 
I wish people would believe me when I tell them that Breanna's dog is a lesbian. 
I wish people would just say what they mean. 
i wish people would learn how to type in legible english, not a bunch of shortened words and symbols that make no sense. is that so hard? 
I wish people would learn to flush the toilet in public places 
I wish photoshop would work.  I've got shit I need to do!
I wish pistachios and macadamia nuts weren't so expensive 
I wish pitchfork would shutup about #primavera.  Makes me miss spain 
I wish ppl would stop sending automated DM's. I'm inundated w/them &amp; loose track of the real DM's  
I wish Real Housewives of New Jersey had a longer season. No more 'bubbies' Tuesday nights 
I wish real people would follow me.  Every time I see I have a new follower, it's a stupid porn bot or someone trying to sell laptops 
i wish reemer were playing notts on 26th may  that wouldve been goood.
i wish reemer were playing notts on my birthday on 26th may, that wouldve been goooooood! 
i wish rove was on now... 
i wish sabrina would have remembered to buy some milk.  all i want is cereal 
I wish scholarship searches were easier. 
I wish school was full time and work was part time. But, I need to work to pay for school! 
I wish school was ou 
I wish Shamia would stop ignoring me smh 
I wish she knew what she puts me through..She stole my heart, never gave it back..and occasionally she likes to be like look what I have! 
I wish shed call me bby again 
I wish Sims2 would stop freezing on my computer...I really miss playing God 
I wish smurfs were real...... A kid just called me an idiot for thinking it was spelled 'smerf'. 
I wish snl and the office were on every single day of the year. I dont want to wait months for new episodes 
I wish so much that I'd be attending Mariachi festival USA! 
I wish some of my actual friends were on Twitter, what is the point of me posting with no followers... 
I wish some one was up to talk to! im so lonely and so sick! and this not being able to breathe thing sucks so bad! ugh 
I wish someone in our Breese fam was a n e-commerce/ZenCart whiz  
i wish someone officially named a star after me 
i wish someone took spring classes with me  i hate being alone at school
I wish someone was actually up this late.....So lonely  lol
I wish someone was on, but sadly no one is 
I wish someone would buy ME a bear from Build-a-Bear. 
I wish someone would call me and keep me company until I fall asleep.. 
I wish someone would go see UP with mee 
I wish someone would have a freakin pool party!! Black ppl never have pool parties! 
i wish someone would have recorded last night... 
I wish someone would talk to me.. 
I wish someone would teach me how to play guitar. I'm sitting here trying to teach myself 
I wish someone would teach me SQL Express/Oracle/Access, I'm too lazy to learn it on my own! But I need to, to finish my project at NIIT 
I wish someone would turn up at the office soon. I'm far too alone  
I wish someone would write me a song  lol
I wish stores didn't have to close so early on a Sunday  But now I'm home and I can rest
I wish susan Boyle had won 
I wish that @victoriablog wasn't sore at me anymore. 
I wish that boy would stop playing his games for the night. 
I wish that I was borned in America so I can go to the store and buy Lines, Vines and Trying Times. 
i wish that i would have been in Texas tonight  there is nothing better than a free All Time Low show
I wish that my school was cool enough to have study groups  this history revision needs the help of other brains
I wish that no oneÂ´s gonna buy FAZ today... 
i wish that taylor and joe would just stop bashing each other and bury the hatchet and stop with the hate lyrics! 
I wish that the iPhone would come out for sprint 
I wish that this weekend was like three days longer... 
i wish the follower i lost would kno how much i loved him. idk who he was or who i lost but i love you. i'll call him the Lost Tweetie :/ 
i wish the fucken rabbit would stop running away from me so i could put it in the cage. but no, now its spending the whole night outside 
I wish the hills started here tonight aswell 
i wish the i phone came in pink! 
I wish the Jonas Brothers would come to Finland but they wont  Still love them &lt; 33
I wish the KFC Express in the mall had real Colonel's Crispy Strips. 
i wish the mexican pizza place across the street from my house would deliver a chicken roll so i dont have to walk in the rain 
I wish the nanny was on  http://tumblr.com/xc81yz4t0
I wish the Nintendo coverage for E3 didn't start at noon. I have to go get my brother from school then... 
I wish the people I follow would follow me, but if they don't follow me they won't see this  
I wish the people outside would shut up!!! Can't sleep 
I wish the people upstairs would stop thumping the ceiling. They've been doing it nonstop for days. Even at 3 in the morning. 
i wish the pigs in egypt were going to be okay  people are cruel.
i wish the rain would stop so I could go to Arts in the Park.  I have been looking forward to it all week. 
I wish the shit karaoke from the pub along the road would stop 
I wish the sun would come out...it is so overcast! 
I wish the time at night would slow down, it's almost time for bed 
I wish the time machine was just a bit more powerful.  
I wish the TV in my room still worked 
I wish the weather forecast was for rain tommorow.    Why can i not get my way when it comes to weather?  Illinois = suck
i wish the weather was hot   Where is summer?
I wish the whole &quot;at least I tried&quot; or &quot;I did my best&quot; concepts could be applied in real life situations--I hate finals--I hate stress 
I wish the Y didn't close so early on Sundays. 
I wish there was a BBC streaming service on the iPhone. 6Music - Lamacq roundtable tonight is about Ash's &quot;A-Z collection&quot; &amp; I'm driving 
i wish there was a better Adventureland video out there. 
I wish there was a better reporting solution for Kerio Mail Server than Mail Access Monitor. Its just crap 
I wish there was a cure for insomnia.  Pills are not an option especially after Ledger.
i wish there was a decent ebay style site for SA  poof!    the genie says &quot;your wish is granted - http://www,bidfox.co.za&quot;
I wish there was a Year One premiere, so I could see Olivia... but there isnt 
I wish there was like a day where people twittered movie/book selections :/ Finished another book, I read too fast 
I wish there was more I could do then just copy, paste, and retweet  #iranelection
I wish there was more on TV 
i wish there was more time in the day for all i have to do. 
I wish there was no such thing as homeless people. 
I wish there was still Dunkin Donouts 
I wish there were an urban outfitters in munich.. 
I wish there were more hours in the day. I'd like to go to the beach with my dad today, but he's working. 
I wish there were more night owls. Everyone has gone to bed.  That sucks!!!
I wish these two cats would stop fighting outside my office.....it sounds like one of those kitties is getting murdered 
I wish they had cat cafe's in the UK!   http://bit.ly/cTmq
I wish they had distributed it to us in advance so we could read it 
I wish they had gospel music channel for cable. 
I wish they had Manish Arora in Sg 
I wish they had Mythbusters episodes on Hulu.  Or even on discovery.com would be fine.  But they don't. 
I wish they hadn't stocked our office lolly shop with Wagon Wheels. I don't normally eat chocolate but Wagon Wheels I can't say no to. 
I wish they left me cake 
i wish they showed wicked the musical here in scotland 
I wish they woudln't show people catching fish on tv  The poor little things.
I WISH THEY WOULD HURRY UP AND RELEASE THEIR ALBUM, I CAN'T WAIT 
I wish they'd utilize UNIT more in new Who.  Times being what they are, I guess... No room in the 21st century for another Bent. or Brig. 
I wish things could go back to the way they used to be... 
i wish things with aaron went better sometimes.   i love him. but love is complicated.
I wish this damn headache would go away! 
I wish this feeling would go away  So bad that I'm stressing over things that isn't work or school
i wish this goddamn 1-2 week long stomach ache that i have would PISS OFF. it normally happens at night but i have suffered all day long 
i wish this left arm of mine was detachable!  its hurting real bad
i wish this story had a better ending  but then it wouldn't be as amazing as it is to this day!
I wish this was the case, but I don't think it will be. One day....    http://bit.ly/VsIz7
i wish to have somebody to cook me breakfast 
I wish tweetie desktop was coming out for the PC today and not just the MAC  I blame global warming
i wish twitter had an auto refresh thing 
i wish twitter notified when someone &quot;@ed&quot; you. &gt;_&gt; clicking the button to find no one did is just....dissapointing... 
I wish twitter worked in my school 
I wish twitter's a lot easier 
I wish Uffie would put out a full-length album 
I wish watermelon was my favorite Jolly Rancher flavor, but it tastes too real. 
I wish we could change our YouTube usernames  lol
I wish we could go to pride weekend in Chicago again. 
I wish we could listen to iPods during church. haha I'm going to hell  this is gonna be a very long next couple of hours 
i wish we had better desk chairs in the office... my back is always killing me near the end of the day 
I wish we had practice this afternoon..  we don't! I feel like swimming today. ALL DAY! Haha
I wish we had something amazing to do for spring break but with other people on vacation Justin couldnt take time off. 
I WISH we had this much space in our 5th grade classrooms  Barely enough room for the desks http://twitpic.com/65wgv (pic via @mscofino)
I wish we had thunderstorms here  I miss the crazy Miami lightning and schitzo weather.
i wish we were doing more taekwando practice. i miss my tkd 
I wish weekends lasted longer 
I wish will &amp; grace was here  when I get home tomorrow night will &amp; grace-athon must commence
I wish Xbox Australia would find content for the Australian Audience... Where's our Netflix or Sky TV?  #xboxE3
i wish you could be here! ur the biggest LAKER FAN i know of // @LakerGirl1 I wish i could zap myself to LA. i feel left out  not fair.
i wish you could choose your family 
I wish you guys were eating pad Thai next to me 
I wish you hold my hand, when I was upset 
I wish you knew how much it sucks to have homework on a beautiful Summer Sunday afternoon. 
I wish you were here Jarrod 
I WISH YOU WERE HERE!! i need you so much sis!! idk what to do 
I wish Youtube videos had some English subtitles...my half-assed Spanish isn't helping me watch this novela 
I wish! 
i wish,i can use my IM3 card tomorrow. I really do miss it. 
I wish...No I already deleted Episode 2 from my computer.  Have to go back and find them.   It'll be worth it.
i wisssssh i was in philly with alex and/or seeing boys like girls and nevershoutnever tonight 
i wld bid my whole paycheck but it still wldnt b enough  http://bit.ly/kHDkr
i wld luv 2 go back in time when things were simpler &amp; $ wasn't an issue  i've got a lot of decisions 2 make in the nxt cple of days :/
i wna dance how beyonce do it. 
i wnat to take a nap! 
I woke up 
i woke up 1 hour ago.. and i'm feeling sad 
I woke up 30K richer, then the bank fixed the error.  I didn't have enough time to book a flight to Macau. 
i woke up 5:30 a.m... traveled and back... i need sleep!!!!  but i can't, ugh.
I woke up an came to the realization that I can put it off as much as I want, but I need 2 drop some friends. Dammit! 
i woke up and feeling hurtting on my lift ear 
I woke up and nobody was home. I feel like a loner 
I woke up and one of my earrings was missin 
i woke up angry!! lack of money really bringing me down 
i woke up at 11, it's 2 am now and i have class in 5 hours. bahhh so many things to do later  and i forgot to buy stuff i need for bio lab
I woke up at 2 this morning.  Apparently I locked one of my cats in my TV room...   She was very happy to come out though.  No mess either
I woke up at 3:40 AM with horrible cramps, then I watched Nims island (XP) as I walked around my room for 2 hours to get rid of my cramps 
I woke up at 4:30 am today.  8:00 tee time. &gt;&lt;&quot;
I woke up at 5 to take a shower and was doing fine, but now im tired again  no matter what i do in the morning im always tired this early!
I woke up at 5am and got my bottle around 6am. Afterwards I went to the doc for my rash. It seems like every baby has it until they're 4 
I woke up at 7am and can't get to sleep 
I woke up at 8:04. There goes my lie-in. Who needs one anyway....?        I do. 
I woke up exactly 12 pm! haha! I was so tired! 
i woke up feeeling crap with this cold   not going to do anything today cause im too sickk! 
I woke up from a 3hr nap! what the hell am i gonna do for the rest of the evening 
I woke up in extreme pain. 
i woke up in so much pain this morning...my feet hurt, my head hurts, my throat hurts + i have to wear my wrist support :| whyyyy? 
i woke up in the most horrible pain 
I woke up late  on my way to school to take an exam 
I woke up late so I didn't eat breakfast. I forgot to eat dinner yesterday. I'm sooo hungry! -KK 
i woke up like 2 hours ago and my familys having a garage sale  theres all these old people looking at my stuff D:
i woke up like 6 times in the middle of the night...this sucks...my mouth still hurts and im still swollen  when will this go away???
i woke up really sad this morning 
i woke up reeeeeaaaally early for a monday  what's with that??
I woke up thinking oh shoot I missed the launch only to learn that I didn't miss a darn thing.  July seems so far away.
i woke up this morning and badly wanted some eggs and bacon... i was too lazy to make it 
I woke up this morning thinking it was Thursday..man was i disappointed 
I woke up to a headache... 
I woke up to a v upset stomach 
i woke up too early im not awake enough for school 
I woke up too early.. 
i woke up too late to go to church this morning!  lol
I woke up way too early for a Saturday 
I woke up with 8 new followers (so excited!), but it turned out all of them were spam 
I woke up with a flu.  Who among you fans gave me a kiss of flu?
i woke up with a huge headache 
I woke up with a killer headache for the third day in a row and no alcohol was involved. 
I woke up with a Major Headache!!! 
i woke up with koi in my head. aw. 
I woke up...TO PLAY PET SOCIETY! I seriously am getting addicted again  http://plurk.com/p/11gni1
I woke with the worst tummy ache. 
I won 5 games in a row and ranked up one place to 19 on lone wolves. 41 is my team slayer, was 42 
I won a battle, but lost a friend 
I won a prize at #ttix!   I didn't pick the $200 camtasia studio package 
I won the euromillions last night... well, not technically true.. I won Â£5.20. 
I wonder - how do I start freelancing again? I lost all my contacts 
I wonder how many times I will say &quot;state farm insurance this is shelby&quot; today? (sigh) working all day today 
i wonder how many times i will see him today? Makes me miss him even more 
I wonder how max will do w/o seeing me around here as often. 
I wonder how my baby puppy is doing i miss her... 
I wonder how they broke it to the kids? 
I Hate this World 
I hate this!  
I hate this!!!! Between the hours of 8 to 11, are ruining my life, I guess I deserve it for being stupid in school. 
i hate this. cop on like.. 
I hate this. I have to get up for work in 5 hours &amp; can't sleep cause I just left there a few hours ago. Going into a double shift too 
I hate this. I'm not strong enough. 
i hate this.... hiksss 
I hate throwing up... Can't sleep now. Fml 
I hate thunder 
I hate thunder  It's frightening
i HATE thunder :| 
I hate thunderrrrrrrrrrrr....poor sam...and my cats  they all hate storms. Sam's the worst thought 
I hate thunderstorms 
I hate thusdays it's back 2 work day for me 
I hate tiding my room  it taking ages
I hate to be so sick! 
I hate to do this so early but the meds are getting to me and I need to sleep. I'm SO screwed for work tomorrow 
i hate to have to sell these shoes on ebay. SMH @JustShyann for buying shoes and not trying them on. its a year later, i cant return them 
I hate to hear oliver whimper.  I wish he cud sleep on my bed with me.
I hate to realize that some friends are not real friends.. what's up bestie  ??
i hate to say it but my #Android #G1 runs slower w/ Cupcake.  or is it i've got too many apps?
I hate to say it, but Matti's Deli isn't what it used to be.  
I hate to say it....but lebron is a BEAST!!!  I got my money on the cavs for that series...I'm disappointed about my celts though 
i hate to say this but... i have a cold...  oh well!!!
i hate to see lovers! 
i hate to see the spartans so sad 
I hate to see Tsonga frustrated like he is atm 
I hate to think what my health care is gonna cost me when it is free 
I hate to wake up before my alarm 
i hate today  i wish people would get off my case before i go insane
i hate today so much. 
I hate today. I'm so tired. I don't want to day anything this week. Good thing I have three projects due Thursday I've barely started. 
I hate tomtom. City traffic sucks 
i hate tonight with everything i have in me. 
I hate tornado watches. 
I hate traffic 
I hate traffic!  I-80 westbound is barely moving. My frozen food likely won't be when I get home 
I hate trying on clothes trying to work out what to wear  dunno whether to go with trousers or skirt
I hate tryna sleep when its raining 
i hate tuesdays they always seem to drag on forever! 
I hate tummy aches 
I hate twitter at the moment 
I HATE TWITTER I HATE TWITTER I HATE TWITTER   
i hate twitter mobile. 
I hate twitter typing limits. 
I hate twitter!!!!!!! 
i hate twitter, your mean on here  ayerad
i hate u, i love u, i wish u were never born.... with or witout u ... my heartÂ´s gonna be torn... 
i HATE U.S. history 
I hate ugly days. 
@jennl80 man... I need start working out again!   jOseY
@JennLovesM5 DUDE WHAT? I WANNNNAAAA GOOOOOO 
@Jennluvs2sing aww i got all the tweets about how fun it was tonight on Stickam but i was taking a long nap.. haven't been on in a week! 
@Jennluvs2sing Haha I definetly will!  i'm hoping really bad that i'll be able to get on the internet while i'm over there!  
@jennmarie226 jealous I still have like 100 and something - and they havent even announced dates 
@jennmbk No relation to Chris. Just a sad, sad tragedy, she was a fan, a mother and 2 boys killed by the husband 
@jennmich97 I missed the first 30 mins of hawthorne, not happy about that 
@JennnaaBeeean i feel like we're all getting old!  but its ok, i guess. lol
@JENNNHO come !  PRACTICE IS SO FUCKING BORING. no joke. we're doing like freshmen drills..... its so embarassing. 
@JennNic she's stockhetero 
@jennology totally went for the wrong reason 
@jennpozner &quot;#Playboy art.: 10 conservative women they'd like2 'hate f**k' &quot; -- if it looks like rape and sounds like rape... Pathetic.  
@jennprattartist  My computer don't like Tweetdeck but impossible to follow twitters without it 
@jennrods Don't hold your breath my friend... 
@jennroo yeah, it's so nasty still. i hate it  i was at work when you called! sorry!!
@jennsbookshelf   **passing virtual glass of wine**
I want hina! 
i want holiday so badly 
I want home 
I want HS to go live on their saynow..Rightnow 
I want hulu on 360. 
i want i milk shake 
I WANT ICE BLENDED VANILLA FROM COFFEE BEAN 
I want ice cream and cake 
I want ice cream but got coffee instead. 
i want ice cream now 
I want ice cream, but there's no more 
I want ice cream, but we don't have any here  It's not worth the drive to Wal-Mart for $1 imitation Dip 'N Dots...
I want ice cream.   
I WANT ICE CREAM. please 
I want ice cream....*tear..sniff..sniff* Can't have any. *sigh* Life is cruel 
I want I'm a PC stickers  #pc #microsoft
I want iphone 3GS, gotta wait a few months for contract to expire though 
I want iPhone so muchhhhhh 
I want it  http://www.uggbootsuggstopsale.com.au
i want it to be '06/'07 again 
I want it to be February 2010. I want to go to Disneyland NOW. 
I want it to be saturday 
I want it to be summer. NOW. why is it sprinkling STILL!?!? 
I want it to be time to go to BestBuy. 
I want it to rain today! Like full thunderstorm style! But it probably won't 
i want it to rain! just liddo sprinkles right now 
i want it too be hot again 
I want italian ice.  please bring me somes.
I want iTouch. 
i want jess and lisa 
I want Jon  Kate to stay together. 
I want Killswitch Engage to come on tour in the UK NOW! I don't want to wait until the end of the year.  
i want last year back 
I WANT LAST.FM BACKKKK 
I want Lauryn to come back 
i want left 4 dead 2. the first one wasn't bad but i beat it in no time. it was a bummer.  hopefully the next one will be SAWEET! xD
I want Lily Allen to come to Adelaide 
I want long hair! asap  stupid short-ish hair
i want lucky charms and tennessee 
I want maffew  goodnight.
I want marshall back. 
i want Mason Musso to wright back to me 
i want may 24 come back! 
I want mcdonalds but the stupid lady on the line said their stupid people are busy 
i want me a little cup of xocolat 
I want Michael Johns new album so bad. 
I want michelle here now 
I want Miles aldridge books.. ï¿½75 a book though 
I wonder if @getpeer is also for Mac tiger. didnï¿½t find info. I fear it is only for leopard 
I wonder if friday was the spam-day of the year. got 1400 spam mails in just 1 1/2 days 
I wonder if i can sleep and drive at the same time.....I hate early mornings 
I wonder if I could get some food delivered to @ASOS Towers? Tis looking a bit chilly to be braving the outdoors in gladiator sandals... 
I wonder if I screwed up using my au telstra SIM to activate this phone. I hope this doesn't come back to haunt me 
i wonder if i should go to bed even though I am 612 tweets short. 
I wonder if i will always make the wrong decision 
I wonder if I'm the only one who misses high school? I just miss hanging with all my friends and just being happy. Maybe I'm just lonely 
I wonder if I'm the only one who misses Jay Leno. Conan is funny, but I really really miss Jay 
I wonder if Iran is now getting its own Tien An Min square episode 
I wonder if it's ever going to stop raining. Summer...bummer! It's ALWAYS sunny on my bday, but they're forecasting rain for Sat 
I wonder if it's raining in Mishicot too.... 
I wonder if season 2 of dollhouse will happen... 
i wonder if tables at Blue Hill are going to be harder to get after Obama dined there this weekend. 
i wonder if there any anything as GIT tract transplant. i want to replace all my intestines to a healthier one 
I wonder if things will remain on the way up...or if the bubble has just burst? It's been a great two weeks if it is the latter 
I wonder if this is somehow related to my nose being freezing yesterday  But I drank orange juice and got 8 hours of sleep... *sad*
i hate updating sites... 
I hate waiting  I want that song NOW! What is it with people making me wait?  Or me wanting things that are not out yet. Ugh! Infuriating!
I hate waiting for people so I can go to dinner.. They always take so long.. 
i hate waiting for people to show up 
i hate waiting for the mail. 
I hate waiting for the Smackdown diggies  so boring.
I hate waiting inlines.. But my mom won't let me line jump 
I hate waiting. 
I hate waiting. Just answer to me and I'll be happy. 
I hate wakin up early on my day off 
I hate wakin up from cryin in my sleep 
I hate waking up 
I hate waking up alone 
I hate waking up early   I don't want to serve ppl coffee when I'd rather b asleep!
i hate waking up early, makes you heaps hungry throughout the morning 
I hate waking up for school 
I hate waking up from a dream &amp; feeling like the person is really mad at me.... 
I hate waking up in the middle of the night. 
i hate waking up in the middle of the night.. now it'll take me 4eva to fall back asleep 
I hate waking up late  I have nothing planedout for today.. Hmmm
I hate waking up late! I feel so frazzled. 
I hate waking up so grouchy  *sleepy
i hate waking up this early and going home really late from school 
I hate waking up this early on a Sunday 
I hate waking up to wind  Oh well ... time for another productive day!
i hate waking up two minutes before my alarm is to go off. its like my body knows it pisses me off and has a vengeance towards me. 
I hate walking home after I've stayed at a friend's house tbh. I'm tired, I need a shower and I can't be bothered doing anything 
I hate walmart 
I hate washing dishes. My hands are all dried out. 
i hate watching extremely funny things all alone. 
i hate watching jon and kate knowing that they are secretly not together  it makes me sad.
I hate water bottles that are so hard to open! 
I hate web filters 
i hate weddings, de ce trebuie sa ma duc? 
I hate westests... 
I hate whatever bearnos did to my belly 
I hate when a new phone (Palm Pre) comes out on a phone company (Sprint) i no longer have.  It Sux big time : P
I hate when a program freezes during installation.  
I hate when base hits get followed up by bloops 
I hate when DANIELLE doesnt let it snow 
I hate when friends pik the movie... Horrible... I wanted to c drag me to hell... 
i hate when gay store people follow the rules! grrr! i dont want to wait til tomorrow! thats too far awayyy. 
i want miley tickets soooooooooooooooooo badly but sadly i dont think im getting them       
i want more followerrs 
I want more followers  i feel like im not talking to anyone when i tweet
I want more followers  sheeesh just love me already.
I want more followers !  I can't sleep . )))))))
I want more hush puppies 
I WANT MORE PEOPLE TO JOIN TWITTER!! 
I want more Slings and Arrows, but it's not coming till tomorrow. 
i want more weekend time!!! booo. and i hate work 
I want Mozilla Prism Extension for Firefox 3.5 RC2 badly 
I want my @cyndalboo &amp; MassieShiiza 
I want my ap  and my new phone!
I want my baby 
I want my baby god brother 
i want my baby here  i miss him soo much, im gonna cry.
i want my baby here! 
i want my back and shoulder to get better 
I want my balloooon  it's pink and preeeettiful! Haha
I want my bed 
I want my bed.  
i want my best friend back 
I want my blanket 
i want my book bac  i may be forced to go hulk on a certain someone if it is not returned shortly 
I want my cam!!!. Plz, appears 
i want my car!!  whats on tonight that fun sydney kids!
I want my cereal! But we're out of milk 
i want my cousin's hannah montanna movie dvd.  ))
I want my cup back... what are the seven stages of grieving? What stage am I at... 
I want my cute, adorable feet back!!  
i want my daddy 
I WANT MY DIVAS RIGHT HERE RIGHT NOOOOOOOOW! @ddlovato, @mileycyrus LUV YA SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCKING MUCH! 
i want my dog  NOW.... turquoise is just 2 great,i love it x.x XOXO
I want my dog back  or at the very least to know whats happened to him 
I want my Edward! He's an adorable 3 month old orange kitten and I love him!! But dads have to always say no 
i want my ex boyfriend back cuz i still love him and i want to see him now 
I want my exam results  right back to java tutorials
i want my face to be a somatic drawing of david lanham  or i want a leopard theme his somatic theme..  im so sad..im such a big fan..
i want my fï¿½rgrik mug, and my motto glas glass bowl dammit. i hate you melb ikea. screw you 
I WANT MY FUKIN PHONE AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...  ::cries::
I WANT MY FUKIN PICTURES!!! 
I want my girl back 
i want my girl back  get me out of this 8 hour class
i want my haaair to grow back. 
i want my hair back....please?   ps. Jonah Lehrer's book is amazin! check his blog http://scienceblogs.com/cortex/
I want my hair straight 
I WANT MY HAIR TO BE NICE, I DONT WANT TO FAIL PHILOSOPHY AND I WANT NICE PEOPLEEE 
I want my Henry Roth!!! 
I wonder what @aristocat123 is up to -- It's soooooooooo lonely here without  her! 
I wonder what it's like to only have 1 good photo of yourself 
I wonder what the implications of the immense spending bills of the Administration will be in 10, 20, 50 years?  Frankly, I'm concerned. 
i wonder what the next season of the hills is going to be like with out lauren  @laurenconrad
I wonder what was going through the Micros worker's mind when he started a software update on Pizza Hut's till system during peak rush! 
i wonder what will happen tomorrow.hmm.i miss him. 
I wonder what's Miley's big news .. don't tell me they're going to stop making Hannah Montana 
I wonder when i will get any sleep. I can't seem to catch some z's since we took them in. I am so sleepy! 
I wonder when will I be able to get close with you again? 
i wonder where she is now.  the breakup sucked...
I wonder whether its worth the hassle of working in this godforsaken office 
I wonder who's awake if you awake @ me let me know I wanna talk to someone  we can exchange AIM's Yahoo's MsN's or #'s
I wonder why 4 years ago, when i'm takin my o's, my mum didn't set aside chicken essence and breakfast. And this year, my bro gets it. 
I wonder why everyone is up in arms over at&amp;t not letting everyone upgrade to the iphone 3gs early... everyone feels entitled to freebies 
i wonder why it never let's me upload a picture? i think twitter has ugly blocked me from putting a pic up 
I wonder WHY MAC OS X 10.6 will NOT have a Blu-Ray Player Software component built-in, even though a Drive isn't available yet 
I wonder why no one wants my beautiful 2gnt? 
i wonder why some good Joomla developers hadn't put documentations on how to use their extensions.  Where can i find directions.
i wonder why some people don't want to follow me 
i wonder why they dont follow anyone.......that makes me sad 
I wonder why thumbnail pictures aren't showing up on my TweetDeck? 
i wonder will it ever stop raining this summer oh well i'll try to find something to do thats anti-boring 
I hate when he ignores my calls then later tells me that he 'never saw it'.  
i hate when hubby has 2 work on Sundays  for one thing we have to go to bed early Saturday night &amp; also makes Sundays quite lonely...
I hate when I am so tired that I don't want to wash face beforebed. 
I hate when I can't find awesome songs on itunes  I'm such a loyal customer- they should adapt the whole thing for my music taste!
I hate when I can't sleep  ... what's everybody up 2 at 11 pm?
I hate when i can't sleep and everyone else is completely zonked out 
I hate when i give hugss to people that dont even try to hug me back. Its a waste of a good hug 
I hate when I go this long without a trim 
I hate when I have popped out windows in FF3, because if I close then it saves the popped out windows as tabs, not my actual tabs 
i hate when I have to sneeze but it won't come out 
I hate when I know there is a rice grain up my nose. &amp; then when I try blowing my nose, it gets all dry &amp; it hurts  #tmi? or no.
i hate when i listen to a podcast while working and when the podcast ends i can't remember a damn thing discussed - multitasking fail 
I hate when I lose stuff!!!! 
I hate when i miss him this much 
I hate when I say something and then someone says something else and of course I'm wrong I think I should keep my thoughts to myself 
I hate when I take naps until 3 a.m. I always get my days and nights mixed up. 
I hate when I think I've messed up a friendship - but have no idea and can't really say anything or ask. 
i hate when im somewhere where it's hotter than 73 degrees. i need to be in AT LEAST 73 temp at all times.  And i live in florida. 
I hate when it is sunny for maybe a day or 2 and then its rainy the next 
I hate when it looks warm outside but u step out and its 20 degrees less than what u think 
I hate when it rains for months at a time. But I hate it even more when I'm up at 6am and its pouring 
I hate when its beautiful out and i cant speed on the hwy!   &lt;3kels
i hate when it's hot and i turn on the AC and then it's too cold. and a fan's not cool enough. UGH! in such a dilemma 
I hate when Jack talks about drinking. Loosing mad respect and I dont think I love him anymore 
I hate when my friends know exactly what is wrong without me saying it.   leads to some really heavy emotional stuff
I hate when my heart beats fast without reason. And my hands get cold.  I guess I'll go see Up to get distracted.
i hate when my iPod knows how im feeling  ... sad songs come on when you dont necessarily want them to &gt;
I hate when my manager gives me a project i cant finish 
I wonder y @bustabusta has stopped text me back and she blocked me from following her. I didn't do anything to her. I just wish I knew y 
i wondering how long the pain for my surgery is going to last, cut from side to side is no joke. 
I' wondering when it will cool down. It feels like an oven. 
I won't be able to see @velvetyink today. 
I wont be able to see till monday 
I won't be able to watch Transformers 2 today.  I'll just have to wait for Saturday then.
I won't be having a good time whn sku reopens. 
I won't be needing those tickets for the South Africa v Sri Lanka cricket final on Sunday after all.  
i wont be on this for a min  need time alone need to get up fallen deeper in the hole...(hurts) ill b ok...? tears to shall dry...........
i wont be on tonight  because i ruined my keyboard and im using my sisters keyboard but she's coming home tonight. But maybe tomorrow
I won't be posting much for the next few days. I'll be hanging out with my cat sitter! 
i won't be receiving a yearbook again 
I won't be the first to visit the Universal Studios Singapore when it opens early next year! I would be in the States.. 
I won't block you, but just remember you can't tweet me 
I won't fight with you V-baby. 
i won't get 500 
I won't go to the concert of Jonas Brothers here in Brazil!!  I'm sad
I wont' go to the concert of Jonas Brothers here in Brazil!!  I'm sad
I won't have internet access at home until Saturday. 
i won't have my camera until july 2 
I won't lie. I do kinda miss the game. I don't like how much time gets sucked into playing. My death knight and druid miss me. 
i wont see my daddy on daddy's day. 
I wore green today in support of Iran.  Apparently no one else got the memo... 
I work 2mrw!!  but i get fri. Off
I work all week and I'm fine. Saturday I wake up... I'm so sick  WTF
I hate when my mom gives me sheets that don't match for my bed  blah !
I hate when my phone breaks boo  upgrade on sunday tho yay.
i hate when my post is too long. 
i hate when my room smells like sex 
I hate when Myspace ruins the quality of my pictures 
I hate when Paul has to leave 
I hate when pc leaves. Nobody to talk to 
I hate when people don't text me back! 
i hate when people pace in front of me.... it makes me anxious. 
I hate when people say they love you, but its just till they find something better 
I hate when people show their true colors. You've changed, and i wish you'd come back. I miss, and love you. 
i hate when people steal my flash drives  thats the 2nd one already /cry.
I hate when people tell me dreams can't come true... 
i hate when people unfollow me  my tummy hurts
I hate when plans change. I am so not flexible that way 
I hate when popcorn pieces get stuck in your teeth 
I hate when ppl use other ppl n when u need dem dey don't even care 
I hate when previews lie.  
I hate when Rob has to go to bed early. 
I hate when sh*t gets real 
I hate when Spongbob crys...Its sooo sad 
I hate when the dogs bark at something when nothing happened, it's scary  time to try to sleep.
I hate when the lil ball on my phone gets stuck!!!  annoys the shit outta me!!!
i hate when the low fuel light comes on in my car  i'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyyy!
I hate when the power goes out.  text me.
I hate when the rain kills the internet... 
I hate when the Trending Topics are about food. It makes me hungry. 
i hate when there's nothing on tv 
I hate when things wake me up in the morning. Its so hard to fall asleep again  goodnight again.. Maybe.
I hate when this happens. 
i hate when twitter wakes me up... 
I hate when work gets in the way of my being able to watch live tennis  It just isn't the same recorded
I hate when you can't get comfortable in bed 
I hate when you can't get comfortable while trying to sleep in a car. 
I hate when you cant sleep 
I hate when you meet a guy, dont know his name or anything, but he makes your heart flutter from his first words. 
I hate when you see a bug and then you feel them crawling all over you  ugh. GROSS gross gross.
i hate when you try to make plans and shit doesnt go the way you was hoping it would 
I hate windows SW. Modal windows appearing off screen making me think the app is hung... 
I hate Windows, overwrites my MBR and doesn't even come with an office application! Although I like games, so I must use it 
I hate winter 
I hate winter  so cold i can't sleep
I work every single day of my life. One day i have off, I get called in. Whaaaaata bummer 
i work more than 12 hours tomorrow 
I work on my day off to cover for someone and the other girl I work with walks out. I have everyones back but no one has mine.    WTF?
i work sunday so i gota watch the lakers ownin at work  i wish i could have drank a beer to toast with them
I work today, I'm not thrilled. 
I work tomorrow night... i don't feel good 
I work too hard. 
I work too much to tweet! 
I work way too much 
i work with bitches..can't see my mom now on mother's day because of them and i haven't seen her in months 
i worked 10:30 - 2 today and now i'm home alone doing assignments 
i worked 16 hours straight and got like zero sleep. fml. so tired 
I worked all day inside, when could have been out in the sun  
I worked out and now I'm hungry. But I can't eat anything now. 
I worked out for an hour and i swear my ass got bigger and not in a good kim k way 
I worked out how I broke them : trapped hand in bathroom cabinet door last night. 
I worked so hard to get to this point only to realize that this is not what I want! 
I WOULD be able to get atleast 100k back, if unicorn horns would recover from the nose-dive the price has taken--1.3k down to like 700gp 
i would be lucky to be with him. but hed be the one stuck with someone so ugly...its killing me..im not gonna let him suffer 
I would be stuck at work during the Wings game 
i would buy her album any day...too bad she doesnt wanna be famous  oh well, i get the joy of reading her songs first! 
i would call u @knotchent but my phone is broke  soon i will papi
I would defineately call it a swampy ass day today  i hate hot weather with humidity......
I would do anything to be able to go back to sleep right now. Grr, work. 
I would do ANYTHING too see my girls happy so y is it virtually impossible too get there...she's so down, which makes me down 
i would enjoy work more if i didnt feel guilty about ppl who have less thn me even though im in need too  just not as bad as some ppl
i would fight a midget (provided they're as sick as me right now, of course) for some thai food. i am hungry and congested 
i would get the IPhone 3.0 software but my IPod Touch broke  but i'm getting the new IPhone 3G S so that's awesome!
i want my hiccups to go away! 
I want my husband to come home  But my parents are coming up tonight to help us move since I'm useless! Thanks, mom and dad!
i want my iphone back 
i want my iPhone NOW!! LOL! Birthday's not till the 3rd though.. 
i want my itchy neck/chest to go awayyy what is wrong with it 
I want my jailbreak back 
I want my Jelly.  
I want my kitty 
I WANT MY LAPTOP CHARCHING CABLE TO WORK AGAIN!!!! 
I want my life back!!!!!!! 
I want my lip pierced so bad  -_- pack my bags mum
I want my lomo lca back  *sob*
I WANT MY LUUUUUUUUNCH 
I want my Macbook now.  Taking suggestions as to what to name it!
I want my mammy, my teddy bare and my blanky         nahh i'm totally kidding.
I want my medusa back  I miss it
I want my MileyWorld account already  I've been waiting forEVERRR!
I want my mommy  I'm tired of being the bad guy.
I want my mom's sambal pusu 
I want my morning coffee! But i'm out of coffee!!! Damnit... And the stores near me are closed!  Someone give me a cup, i need it!
i want my mum and dad 
i want my new iphone now! 
i want my old account to be fixedd!!!!!  just cuz imma lose all te updates...haha
I want my old background back! - but it keeps uploading this stupid beach picture, why couldn't I leave it alone? Grrr 
i want my owen 
I want my own comment_fic-inspired mini!verse 
I want my own troy bolton 
i want my personal stylist 
I want my phone back  but i have to wait until monday...
I want my phone back... 
i want my picture back 
I WANT MY PICTURE BACK! Please Twitter? Give it back. I'm begging. 
I WANT MY PICTURE WITH TEH JONAS , I CRY 
I want my puppy back 
I want my Quiz Hexagon 
I want my room back. 
I want my salad 
I want my saturdays back. 
i want my sexy body back 
I want my sims 2 back 
i want my sims 3 
i want my sims 3 back off my dad 
i want my sims 3 game now. damn stupid postage. lol. wants to watch the Rally tomorrow but doesn't feel up to it 
I want my situation to be SOLVED already 
i want my soy chai. 
I want my tan back. 
I want my tattoo    Trav = help! lol
I want my tattoo, and dreads, and lip piercing. Now.  Screw the &quot;under my roof under my rules&quot; law made by mothers everywhere.
i want my tramps home 
I want my update...I want my love...I just want everything to work.. 
i want my vampire with me 
i want my voice back  i'm gonna cry...
I WANT MY WINTER 
I want my xbox back  #codwaw #mp1 #MP2 #xbox #WTF #Need
i would give my limbs for a feast of dal, naan, coconut korma, samosas &amp; chai tea right now 
I would give my whole life, do you know that Bro? 
I would give up ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING to be in his arms right now. 
I would give up everything to go into space 
I would go hug my dad but, sadly I don't have a dad anymore. (Stupid divorces) 
i would go lesbian for megan fox.. but her hairs blowin it tonight 
I would happily use something else, but it's a BluRay so I can't. 
I would hate goin 2 the store right now like ..... I think u get the picture 
I would have gone just that tomorrow i have school  I hate it. Going back to the boring old teachers!
I would have killed for these at liberty classes to have been outside in the daylight  the horses are delish!
I would have to learn for the tomorrow exam but I have to work 
I would have visited @abhifire's place in jaipur if only i had some more time in the tour 
I would if i could hun! 
I would Join you shopping but i have work all weekend  six degrees of seperation is confsuing
I would KILL for a day off this week...but no, that's not going to happen. 
i would kill for a hot fudge sundae right now 
I would KILL for the design job in California for Disney!!!!! 
i would like 2 apoligise for the lack of tweetes, been in france with no internet 
I would like a Giant Twist Freedom DX electric bike, but they don't sell them in Australia 
I would like so muuch go to the Jonas Brothers's show 26th November (l) But I can't 
I would like that i didn care 
i would like this headache to go away, please.  three hours is long enough.  
I would like to go home. But more like go to the home i had before last friday. 
I would like to have a true friend 
i would like to have more followers 
I would like to inform you all that my piece of shit phone has now been completely dismembered. leave me a tweet if you need me.  
I would like to know why my newest DM's dissappeared overnight, hope there were no new ones...if so they're gone!! 
i want new backpack! 
I want new clothes so bad  I'm getting bored of what I got :L
I want New Moon to come out now 
I want New Moon to come out soon and not in November 
I want new music 
I want new plugs  .........oo and finally realized somethin this weekend and im prrreety disapointed :/
i want new songs of mcfly  i so miss them #!@%#
I want new Teeth! 
I want next week to come! 
I want noodles. 
I want nothing.The last one chapter from heroes..i am not prepared 
i want olive garden 
I want one  The new Olympus PEN E-P1 - produces SLR-quality photos w/ ultra-compact convenience: http://snipurl.com/bigdebate
I want one of those dogs!!!   http://twitpic.com/7moui
i want one right  now but im broke 
I want OnLive in Canada... Like, NOW! My PC can't take latest games but I want to play them 
i want oreo'ssssss 
I want out of my car!! 
I want out...but it's waaaay to warm  
I want Pens tickets for tomorrow 
I want people to follow me  it's hard when you have only 2 followers.
I want people to watch me on youtube  and subscribe
I want Pimms!! 
i want pinkberry...but we dont have one in reno 
i want play @trishaanyndhita or @aprianiza house. So boring and i feel lonely now 
I want popcorn 
i want porn star begone...they just keep on following me 
i want pralines &amp; cream ice cream on a waffle cone from haagen daaz 
i want ps3 games for cheap! they are so expensive! 
i want raw oysters and shrimp &quot; tha whole shabang &quot; 
I want Ray's mask.  it's so creative and beautiful!
i want reese's peanut butter cups. but i need to travel like two hours to get any. wtfffffffff 
I want scrambled eggs but theres no eggs left  lol
I want sea food but I don't like texas seafood 
I want see @metrostation and @tracecyrus tonight! Why can't I, whyyyy? 
I want see a UP! but i'm SIICK! 
I want see Demi Lovato on TOUR! 
I want Sharks hockey back! Sign Gustavsson? All depends on what he wants, I suppose. Also, disappointed that SJ Stealth are relocating. 
i want sheer cover!!! i wish i had money but i gotta pay for my drivers liscence and i booked the next 3 weeks off work for schoolll 
i want short nails!! fucking gel shit that cant be removed. 
i want sims 3 but i prolly won't get it till christmas  oh well. http://bit.ly/ujIJU8
i want sims 3 soo bad 
I want Sims 3 soooo bad!! I ordered it but my stupid card was denied  lo l http://bit.ly/1mahf8
i would like to see Beyonce as a vampire next. i guess Britney's already a zombie  http://tinyurl.com/shewolf via @popjustice
I would like to see Night at the Museum 2 and have yet to make that happen. No one wants to go with me. 
I would like to test Adobe BrowserLab but it's full 
i would love 2 wake n bake right now, but i cant. 
I would love an ipod touch but the 32 gb model is waaay too expensive 
i would love potatos for dinner, but we dont have any to make. 
I would love to be at Toby Keith and Trace Adkins concert tonight.  Wife wouldn't go ...even if she was feeling well.  She hates country 
I would love to be in Wiesbaden right now, 'cause Long Distance Calling and Opeth are playing there tonight 
I would love to be outside right now. 
I would love to but I have no way to get down there 
I would love to get a good workout in while listening to @Teradoll DJ live at http://66.135.38.233:8122/ Not enough space up here though 
i would love to get a macbook pro but they cost way too much money.. i would probably have to run windows on a dual boot anyway.. 
I would love to get the 3Gs... but I can't live without the jailbreak 
i would love to go on a sober date...sadly i have essays to grade...i mean, one of us has to make the money for our fam...i guess its me 
i would love to grab you from the bank my friend, what time?? i just found out im probs not gunna get my iphone for 1.5weeks  @madalainev
i would love to have a iphone to bad i cant buy it.  
I would love to play hookie today, but if I don't work today, then I won't get paid for the day off on Monday   It's beautiful outside too
I would love to see Sierra Boggess as the Little Mermaid one more time before she leaves.  Maybe I can get there Tuesday.
I would love to work for a company who has a volunteer day. Hasn't been since old days of United Way Day at Bank One. 
I would much rather play games than program them... 
I would of asked, but we went I alex's because all of the parents were there, and we left like midnghtish, and I couldn't.  @breathejess
I would of won that contest if I weren't to have chickened out 
I would pay actual money for a John/Rodney vid to Amanda Palmer's Astronaut song... 
I would rather be anywhere but this lifeguarding class right now!  hopefully I passed all my tests!
I would rather be doing anything than this care plan  i hate assignments!
I would rather be outside with the dogs and a sprinkler than inside the office 
I hate word challenge on facebook! 
I hate word problems!!! 
I hate wordpress  Lost my password and it's password reset feature is broken. Need to hack the database??
I hate work  I don't want to go today
I hate workin sundays! It feels like a waste of the day and its usually slow! 
I hate working  it takes over my life! I just want to enjoy my summer and get tan
I hate working in a cold warehouse 
I hate working sundays. 
I hate working the weekends 
I hate working.  
i hate you 
i hate you  this saturday turned out to be the worst day i've ever had :/
i hate you intracranial pressure 
i hate you more and more. really 
I hate you rain! 
I hate you so much!! Its not fair!   Thanks for ruining my life!!
I hate you tmobile, you're stupid.  watching repo on my zune. (:
i hate you twitter!  please let me upload a picture! maddaefffff!!!! akjhsakjsdgsakjgha!!!!!
i hate you, joseph adam jonas! 
I hate you. I'm eating a granola bar and using my awesome imagination to pretend I'm eating a chicken &amp; fig salad. Delicious  @jbogosian
I hate your pollution LA. My allergies hates you too.  I can't get my allergies to stop. 
I HATE YOUTUBE.... ARGH... 
I hate, hate, hate having to do laundry in the laundry room.  I miss having a washer and dryer in my house!  
I hate, hate, hate the doctors. 
I hate...HATE when someone makes you feel like you dont belong and dont fit in. Like Unwanted.  yesterday i felt that way.
I hate: midgets! Smfh! Had a dream I was fightin 1 LN in Boston Market, turbull! He kept head bunting me 
I HATED < / b > BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN < / b >!
I hated Harry Potter.
I HATED Mission Impossible 2..
i hated the da vinci code, the movie witha passion, it was boring and made me sad that a movie blasphying the name of jesus is being played world wide.
i hatee naps 
i hatee rain. 
i hatee this weather.. it doesnt feel like summer at all. 
i hateee cleaning  esp. when people say that i havent done anything
I hateeee Jason Dolley's new hair!!!  I don't like him anymore, @aerinlim
I hateeeee GCSEs 
I hateeeee second thoughts 
I hateeeeee stomachaches 
i hateeeeee troopin in the raonnnn! but i cant afford another parking ticket 
i hav a cold  ... it comes with the sneezles
i hav a private message bt i cant read it  wtfudge!!!!
I hav a tummy ache. 
i hav to babysit today... 
i hav to go to the docters 
I have $21 left  what happened to my $90?  
I want sims 3! Right now  It looks so good http://bit.ly/c1mv9
i want sleep..but i cant.....its so boring 
i want snay back 
i want so bad to go to the mcfly's concert 
i want so bad to go to the mcfly's concert  anybody up to go with me?
i want some @replies  booooo lol xx
i want some cake 
I want some candy! 
I want some cheese fries from fontanas. 
i want some chipotle but atl is so faaaar away 
I want some coffee!! But no one will bring me some.  And I'm stuck at work...the coffee here is really bad.... :-/
i want some DM Triumph 1460's 
I want some fish from Imperial Fish Market 
I want some food 
I want some fruity pebbles. 
i want some grape soda, jack fowers' fault. also, @TraceCyrus i wish i could see you play  are your uk gigs sold out? please reply!!!!!!!!
I want some ice cream but I'm too lazy to go to the store. 
I want some lemonade  no fair
I want some milk and poptarts. Is that too much to ask? 
I WANT SOME new INK already!!!!! 
I want some Pulcinella Pizza!  They need to deliver!
i want some red lobster biscuits... 
I want some Sonic but there are none in Brooklyn 
I want some sprite, but I don't have any.  Ohh wellll. I'm boredd.
I want some veggie soup 
I want some White house M&amp;M's 
I want someone to send me an Edible Arrangement 
i want someone to talk to  in am soo bored, tired and i left my recovery ice cream at home!!!
I want something different in my life. I want to write. I don't want to make coffee for a living or for the rest of my life 
I WANT SOMETHING SO BADLYYY. IT'S SOMETHING YOU WANT TOO  @iyaparas
i want something sweet 
I want something sweet and the cherries were so not  &amp; in allergic to bananas and mango  haha
I want something sweet now 
I want something to eat but Im not hungry 
i want sony vegas!!!!  uh its not fair! my stupid computer sux.
I want spotify haha. I also want to get some sleeeeep. I can't sleep until i read out the book and write about 
i want strawberry sundae!!! 
I want summer 
I want superstar 
I want sushi &amp; a fun night with friends 
I want sushi today but i think i'll be to busy to get any 
I want sushi! I want mr chows! I want bennihanas! I want pf changs!  craaaaavvvvinggggg.... 
I would rather not be awake right now. 
I would rather sit and watch a movie than do all this stupid homework..  xxx
I would really like my iPhone and MacBook to be friends again - both work independently but not together 
I would really like to be at home in bed with my birthday boy 
i would really like to be in a band 
i would really like to go back to sleep. 
I would really love to brush my teeth right now 
I would REALLY love to go to the Mud Bog tomorrow! 
i would reeeeeeally appreciate sum chipotle rite now but unfortunately me voice isn't up 2par to tell them wat i want on my burritto 
I would respond to you befff, but I'm still trying to figure it out 
i would run nxt door cuz thats where my friend use ta live but not nemore 
i would scream but i'm working from home so only the cats would hear me 
I would send Her Flowers...but she movied 
I would SERIOUSLY give this bird away but he's been w/ Jason for 20 yrs and I've only been w/ Jason 12 years so the bird wins 
I would simple love some crabcake.  http://www.visionsof.us
I would sleep @ the new house, but my bed hasn't got there yet. soo, I'll be sleeping in hyattsville alone 
i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml. 
I would still use air france, is just like after the american airlines 911 case. my prayers go out to all the affected families 
I would thank you for Mr Button... A bit too much malbec... 
I would twitpic @trinketbox's new tat but I can't figure out how to get my email back on the bb 
I would very much like to apologise for my lack of tweeting... Im up to my click clack in assignments 
i would very much love to be on summer holidays right now 
I would very nearly kill for an xbox 360 version of ghostbusters. Sadly I have no money for it at the moment.  #whoyagonnacall
I would vote for Diversity from Britain's Got Talent, but I can't get through 
I would, if only I could 
I wouldn't be bothered by the rain if I knew I wouldn't get wet. But chances are, when I walk to the bus stop I'll get rained on 
I wouldn't make it as a gossipgirl 
I wouldn't post so many tweets now. Need to help @imsickofcrying with the style to tha' new Fanpires lay!  It woooon't work!
I have (4) $100 Amex gift cards -- want a Kindle but AMZ does not take multiple cards at once.   Booooo -- not sure what to do with these 
i have 110 multiple choice q's to go, then read my notes, watch videos and do a practice exam. and that's just studying for exam number 1 
I have 2 &quot;2nd tix 4 1/2 price&quot; coupons to Mt Hutt if anyone is going there this season. Let me know &amp; their yours, I wont be needing them 
I have 2 be at work at 12 and I been drivin around for 13 mins trynna see where I can't get sumthin 2 eat at  lmao
I have 2 followers that i dont even know whu they are there but they are and i am not sure how to remove them  i dont like it 
I have 2 get rid of Socks and Camo my 2 dogs 
I have 2 go 2 school....take exams 
I have 2 twitter w/ TwitterFon now that Twitterific is down. TwitterFon sucks. 
I have 29 more days of school  Just counted... We get out June 26.
i have 2study but i'm soooo tired!! what am i suppose to do?  
i have 3 days in a row off!! what should i do!? its raining out so im stuck inside 
I have 3 mosquito bites on my butt from sitting in the grass. 
I have 30 min till lunch is over 
I have 4 hours of ink on my leg. Now it looks like a diaper. Not tough at all. 
I have 4 unfinished songs right now!! I can't seem to finish them 
I have 56hrs worth of sick time. What a joke! I don't have time to be sick 
I have 9 UA SWUs too.  That isnt going to be too useful if I dont fly them anymore 
I have 9000 words to write hopefully before going back to KL. I think I better get cracking 
I have a (healthy) phobia of dead things!! I still need to hoover up the feathers 
I have a 1,500-word deadline in 2 days, stacks of research materials are surrounding me, and I don't have a clue how to start  Need coffee
i have a 2hours history exam tomorrow - i so don't feel ready 
I have a Baby Grand in my house that could earn cash as a horror-movie extra.  But does not function as a piano.  
I wouldve gotten Scion Xb if it's available here in Germany.  But it's not  So I got myself a Daihatsu Materia. I'm also very contented.
i would've loved the rain if someone was with me 
i write really long sentences... and have overuse commas.  I need to learn some english. boo.
I wrote him a letter telling him how I really feel. I can't believe this makes it officially over w/ no chance of getting back together. 
I ws thinkin it was Susan cause i seen dark hair 2  I ws looking in the concrigation for them 2 and for catherine couldnt see them tho 
i wud make my profile pic green,cus i luv a good bandwagon..but i dont really care that much about Iran,is that bad? 
i wuz playin w/the cutest dog ever..until she got picked up 
i wwant some fred perry gear 
i wwish i had $20 so i could buy season 1 of Doug off of iTunes!!! 
I yawn when im cold. My fingers are freezing.  - http://tweet.sg
I zoomed by turtle a few days ago.  Today I zoomed past roadkill.  
I&quot;m off to read in my bed. Watch friends. and drink some water. and eat wheat thins. missing my girl already  day 0.
I, I wanna him with me now..feeling so alone without him 
I, like most, hate being in work, stuck inside on such a gorgeous day    x
I, personally am lovin life in the sun. My shoulders however....BAD TIMES  on the red scale 
i,m listening to http://www.coasttocoastam.com/ Ian talks &amp; blogs on the killings in Iran http://quaalude.proboards.com killed so sad  QC
I. Am. Broke. This doesnt help the growing need for dorm room materials. 
I. feel. like. crap. 
I. Hate. Headaches. 
i. hate. many. things... i know its my fault maybe. but i cant stand it. bitch. 
I. HAVE. CRAMPS.  I will be sleeping till Monday....  
I. WANT. STAR. TREK. 
I. Want. To. Go. Home. Now. 
I.. I don't think I am really okay with the events that took place earlier tonight... mental scarring ftl.. 
I... can't believe this.  RIP, Vicky
I... just might've killed the laptop... woops... 
I have a bad back and it is killing me today .... i have a hard time just walking .. 
I have a bad case of TerribleSummeritis. 
I have a bad cold  (via #zenjar )
i have a bad effin' headache. why do i get so many headaches?  
I have a bad feeling I'm going to get to the dentist, they are going to take one listen to how awful I STILL sound, and send me home. 
I have a bad feeling this is going to be a doozy of a day... 
i have a bad habit of leaving umbrellas in classrooms 
i have a bad headache  i finally get to sleep in tomorrow! goooood night.
i have a bad headache and have hurt my wrist  I WANT NEXT SATURDAY!
I have a bad stomach ache.. in less than a week.. 
I have a bad tummy ache 
I have a badd headache 
I have a belly ache  the only way it doesn't hurt is when I sit perfectly still and hold my breath wtf
I have a big headache  #BSB
I have a big headache ... slept in the afternoon yesterday, could not sleep well tonite. 
I have a big old, back in the day monitor that makes everything look small, monitor :S. My regular one is messed 
I have a bigger box... time to start packing in earnest 
I have a bit of a sore throat, which is odd; I don't get sick.  http://plurk.com/p/rm7r7
i have a blister on my little toe 
I have a blister the new shoes I got, were too big 
I have a Blogspot account! Visit http://aliceintinseltown.blogspot.com/ Di pa kasi ako makapag-decide. 
I have a blood clot on my ear 
I have a bloody nose and nobody to kiss it and make it feel better. 
I have a boo boo on my foot now 
I have a boo boo.  someone make it better please  
i have a brick of a phone that has a black and white screen and no camera!! while mines is in for repairs 
I have a broken heart thanks to a hondureno guy who miss treat me and make me feel worth less 
i have a bruise on my leg that is bigger than my fist and really painful and i have no idea how i got it 
I have a bug bite on my ankle that itches a lot 
I have a bug bite on my face! 
i have a bug bite on my finger. 
i have a bug bite on my hand. and one on my arm. 
I have a burnt and sore arm 
I have a busy week ahead of me now. Gotta wake up early tomorrow  I'm gonna transfer via SunAlertz. 
I have a certain song stuck in my head and I want it out. 
i have a cold 
I have a cold  ... 4th time this year
i want taking back sunday's new album please! 
I want teefury to have a really cool tee, but they don't 
I want that @SasLovesJB comes on now...  ** I'm so sad**
i want that LV bag 
I want that Super Card 
I want the 2009 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon. I want it so bad. 
I want the 3Gs so badly, but they'll be so expensive here in Belgium 
i want the AP magazine too! 
I want the Austin Gibbs EP  - i only can hear the songs on Myspace :/ http://tumblr.com/xgs21yqfu
i want the bed on the furniture village advert that has a massive telly in it 
I want the black Moleskine 12-month weekly planner.  the horizontal one.
i want the blackberry 8900 soo bad! 
I want the data plan. I want my iPhone to NOT be the loser of all iPhones without the 3G 
I want the daylight back for my morning commutes! 
i want the doritos.. but i cant. i just cant. 
I want the evening sun in MY garden!  â™« http://blip.fm/~7i8f3
I want the full version of that song now  JONAS&lt;3
I want the hair in my twitter pic back again 
I want the Hey Monday/Glamour Kills shirt.. 
I want the iphone so badly.  Gotta wait until august though. 
I WANT THE JONAS BRADDDERS CD!!!  nick is mighhttty fine. ahaha. and i love his beautiful voice.. &lt;3
i want the jonas brothers at my sweet sixteen, and my mom said maybe, but I need the booking number  so...
i want the jonas brothers new cd so bad 
i want 'the lady luck' ep, right now 
I want the lyrics for LET THE BEAT ROCK ! 
I want the meaty sausage 
i want the msn of @eduardosurita NOW!please... 
I want the new album!! but my mom doesnt have money   &quot;you dont have ten dollars?!&quot; lmaoo
I want the new iphone 3G s .. shame i have 3 months left on 3 contract 
I want the new JBL headphones!! 
I WANT THE NEW MILEY CYRUS CLOTHING LINE 
I want the New Nokia E72 
I want the nice weather back 
i want the pens to bring the cup into panera  they were at hofbrauhaus the other day! soo closee!
i want the photos from the 3-day-die-at-the-end-fest but chiara's got them all and has gone to a wedding so won't have them til tomorrow 
i want the polaroid pogo 
I want the rain to go away! There has been too much of it lately 
i want the shoes!!!! i want to see alvin!!!! i want everything to be back to normal!!!! gosh i am so going crazy 
i want the sims 3 and my wrath to be here 
I want the Sims 3 so bad 
I WANT THE SIMS 3!!!  &lt;--Now who wants to buy it 4 me??...Serious inquiries only lol..
i want the sims 3... but my comp doesn't have enough memory... 
i want the stupid shirts made!!! 
I want the sun to come back 
I want the sun to come out  It's warm but the sun is hiding!
i want the sun to come out again, it made me feel happy 
i want the transparent converse.. 70 dollars...but in converse outlet 5 dollars but dont have my size.. 
I WANT THE VEGETABLES! let me be Alice in Wonderland already!  Kat is hella laggin on them.
i want the weekend back  friday night was amazing, and yesterday was just (L), danny jones = love.
I want the weekend,and summer and sleep  dayyyummm I hate school
I want them NOW.. 
I want them to be ready NOW!  They smell so good...
I want these smalls earthquakes to stop 
I want these.  http://bit.ly/orCTW
I want this cold to go away 
I want this day to end 
i want this day to end RIGHT NOW  and no comments tomorrow!
I want this flu to he over with gah!  I have exams to prepare for 
i want this http://tinyurl.com/pq2srs 
I want this Ikea mirror but they don't ship mirrors 
I want this single on my Youtube video I'm trying to edit gosh!    http://tinyurl.com/46lsz3
i want this so badly. http://bit.ly/3zms4c  me phone can die sudah 
I want those 2 hours of my life back ! *sobs* 
I want those giant studded clutch so much 
I want those sunglasses so badly 
I want threads!! Linear sucks 
I want thunder toooooo! 
i want tickets for jay-z/coldplay 
i want tix to the atl gig on friday! damn them for selling out 
I want T-Mobile Sidekick LX badly.... 
I want to act in software architecture 
I want to adopt that kitten I saw last night! 
I want to apply for this White House Project thing but I know I wouldn't get it and I don't know how much it costs.  Shouldn't bother, ...
I want to be a kind person!!!! 
I want to be a lizard too 
I WANT TO BE A MODEL !! so much!! 
i want to be a model. i accused by thomas ex, i am homewrecker and slut.  http://bit.ly/13X6AI
I want to be a superhero!  not with all the responsibilities, obviously. i just want the powers. and i want wolverine to be my hubby 
I want to be a voice actress.. i don't know how to do this.  Twitter Friends Help?
i want to be able to breathe again 
I want to be able to do that!! My intentions are all messed up. 
I want to be able to refactor with pride  #tdd
I want to be asleep   #fb
I.....want to.......go........home........ 
I...failed calculus...it was so bad 
I...I think I'm getting a summer cold. 
I.am.disapointed with that hayate.. 
I.hate.my.life... Get me the fuck out of here!!! 
I.m terrified of bee's and i can't get my work done cuz there over there 
I.Y.P.C is over  have to go back to school. i might cry mabey i'll get sick. hopefully i'll ohh and i wrote a poem on johnathan thurston..
ì?¼í•˜ê¸°.workworkwork 
i?C.B+T.H|| Listening to http://tinyurl.com/ccyfqp It still makes me sad 
i?C.B+T.H|| Please dont let the TH shirts be sold out 
i?C.B+T.H|| Watched http://tinyurl.com/cfhr42 Made me cry a bit. Im worried 
i?C.B+T.H|| Where is everybody? 
I`ll get out of the computer now. Good night twitterland! Dream of me. 8-&gt; I think school will be boring tomorrow, a lot will be absent. 
I`m fuuuucking dieing i just sneezed like 10 times  ffuck alleergies
I`M HUBGRY NOW 
I`m looking for a job as a english/spanish translator in England, Spain or America, but doesn`t` know where to start looking.  
i`m sick today 
I`m sneezing and sneezing again and again :| I really feel sick 
I`m so annoyed. :| ) I wanna go to Metro Station !   But I`m arriving on the 12th. :-&lt;
i`m so bored....but...have to stady......grrrr.... 
I`m so excited. A few minutes ago I saw two damn cute guys...but they`re too young for me. 
I`m still so sick. GAAAAAAH.  Hopefully I can go out on Wed!
I`m tired of feeling like a west coast girl stuck in the sucky midwest. Me wants to move !!! 
I`m worried. 
i`m worrying for my first year because i might transfer, and my grades. their all vs  i don`t wanna fail  http://plurk.com/p/t9d6p
I`ve been having fashion classes with a friend of mine. She is a great stylist. And looking at my closet, I think I have to go shop 
I`ve been in the bed all day... And my head still hurts  ,, Woke up a Noon, then went back to bed around 5.. Now I`m about to sleep again.
i`ve been to the hospital this 3:00am  darn allergies!
I want to be at #tower09 or at #thinkingdigital or at #futuresonic. But am not am working 
I WANT TO BE AT BLACK BEARRR! 
I want to be at Citifield with @RyanStar 
I want to be at home watching The Ultimatum! 
i want to be at jennifer's con los cuatros zapatos  damn my mother
i want to be at mml  stupid bloody revision. Roll on next monday, last exam woop!
I want to be at the beach today 
i want to be back in california  no, wait. i want my family to be here. yeah, sounds right.. &lt;/3
I want to be back in LA 
I want to be back in my bed 
I want to be back in OC 
I want to be Beyoncï¿½  Now.
I WANT to be blogging my photos from yesterdays Earth Day Fest... but I HAVE to be editting 580 photos of dogs      more coffee please!
I want to be done with my Lemur test   Writing about lemurs is less interesting than watching them and taking notes and photos.
i want to be famous...  xD.. .meaby SOMEEEEDAY u_u
I want to be happy 
I want to be Hef's girlfriend.   Too bad he is not into sistas 
i want to be home 
I want to be home, learning how to crochet a katamari toy.  With super-strong MAGNETS.  Instead, I'm at work, where there is no yarn.  
I want to be in a town that smells like chocolate!!! 
i want to be in bed all day, but then i'm smacked with reality and responsibilities  time to hit the showers.
I want to be in Bocas 
i want to be in dallas so freaking badddd! 
I want to be in Honduras...feelin' kinda homesick 
I want to be in Portland tonight, but I have to work 
I want to be in The Last Song so freaking bad.   Miley! Help me follow my dream!
I want to be in the sun not in an office 
I want to be insulted by @trent_reznor  all these other idiots keep getting the glory.
i want to be on holiday now 
I want to be on the cash cab 
i want to be on the times square  right now
I want to be on Twitter but have to save my battery for the drive home. 
I want to be out on my bike 
I want to be sick!!!! 
I want to be sleeeeeping 
i want to be visited today 
I WANT TO BE WATCHING ELORA DANAN AGAIN TONIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT FORVER. OOWWWWW   
I want to be with him! NOW!!!  I missssssssssssssssss him soooooooooooooo much!
I want to be with you. 
I want to bitch slap my computer &gt;.&lt; it's so frickin slow! I miss my laptop 
ì–´ìš° ë³´ê³ ì„œ ì“°ê¸° ì‹«ë‹¤  Phew, I HATE about writing report 
ï¿½d rather be in Italy or Vzla than in London right now! Nonna youï¿½ll get better... I know you will 
ï¿½o ??p th? mï¿½ h?t size 
ï¿½petasin jï¿½elï¿½htme rm, istusin autosse ja Uuno raadio tegi kohe 'oohhh baby if you'll find...' Ma ei saa fooniga enam twitrisse 
ï¿½s wishing it was nightime+ that she war makn her way to Herbal 
ì•„ì˜¤ ì‚´ì?´ ë¬´ëŸ­ë¬´ëŸ­ ë¶™ì–´ë‚˜ê°€ê³  ìžˆì–´ ã… ã… ã… ã…  Continuously gaining weights 
iÂ´m afraid , the wind is so strong here in puerto varas !! ya veo que se vuela mi casa 
iÂ´m allergic to Poison Ivy 
iÂ´m awake since 5.30 am, couldnÂ´t resist to fall asleep earlier in the morning 
IÂ´m awake since 5am  sleepy day...
iÂ´m burnt and want to come home 
IÂ´m concerned about my motherÂ´s health. SheÂ´s in the hospital since sunday...  If YOU read this... Cross Your Fingers/Pray!!!
iÂ´m crying  
iÂ´m doing bad 
IÂ´m having a long nice morning in bed...alone  and the sun shows to day 
iÂ´m ill  i look like Rudolf the one who has the red nose!
IÂ´m sad, the t-shirt is only in Lisbon  .
IÂ´m searching for a job. But after 40 applications still no luck 
IÂ´m sick today  blah!  Love u J &lt;3
i want to buy the book sooooooooooooooooooooooo bad 
I want to buy you flowers. It's such a shame you're a boy. But when you are not a girl. Nobody buys you flowers  ? http://blip.fm/~7dfsf
i want to call somebody but it's late and they would not be very happy... 
I want to change my desktop wallpaper, but can't really find anything good. 
I want to change my picture... but it won't let me  *Tear* *Hey now, hey now...*
I want to charge my phoooonnneeeeee 
I want to chat with my favorites 
I want to come home from work. Im sick. -_- My legs hurt 
I want to continue sleeping........... 
I want to crawl back into bed 
i want to crawl back into bed. Woke up late, rush to take Ashley to school got ticket. What else is gonna happen today? 
I want to create. Too bad the pretty things I see in my head never turn out to be pretty when I try to make them real. 
I WANT TO CRY 
I want to cry at the moment and i cant since i'm at my frinimey's house. this sucks. 
I want to cry right about now 
I want to die 
i want to disapear.im sick of being the blame, sick of my family.i dont want to be alive  Pink your my hero, Your amazing (L)
I want to do commentary on weird VH1 shows liek Julia Allison 
I want to do light writing but its hard to do by myself  lol
i want to do more training, 3 hours in the week is way too short 
I want to do obscure things in front of a camera today, but don't have the time  Mood: CREATIVE an quiet.
I want to do some research on Thebes and Nineveh.  Where is the Archaic Dictionary when I need it?  Alone and unused at GWU 
I want to do something interesting with my friends, but weather is soo bad in here 
I want to do something new! 
I want to do something right. I'm so sorry 
I want to do something special for my birthday, with people. But then I remember that I don't have anyone to do things with. 
I want to do something this weekend but what? I don't have anyone to really hang with since my bro is with his girl a lot 
I want to do something tonight but probably wont happen 
i want to download sims 2 or 3 
i want to draw, eat some chees and i have to wash my hair. ... choosing my priorities is harder than it should be 
I want to draw. But i need paper. 
IÂ´m sitting at school !! its so boring ! 
IÂ´m sitting here at home...its so boring without my boyfriend 
iÂ´m so alone  and my kids sleeping
IÂ´m so tired... And I fucking canÂ´t get you out of my head... 
IÂ´m still at work  but the weekend starts today yippieh
IÂ´m tired to wait for New Moon. 
iÂ´m tired, school was very hard and long 
IÂ´s a raining day...so IÂ´m sitting in front of the pc and listen to the music 
IÂ´ve got a sunburn on my calf, itÂ´s so painful!   Ich habe Sonnenbrand an der Wade, das tut so weh? 
IÂ´ve written the Englishtext,today..Oh..oh..oh..not so good 
I'am back to Tweetie 1.1.1. 
iam sad i forgot my passwold on my twitter 
iam sick  cant go shopping today thats so mean 
iam so angry now!! too much pressure in my life!!  
Iam so happy to get off this plane, jeez. This is so wrong, I should be landing in Wichita right now  not memphis!
Iam soo happy for SC Paderborn.. 2nd Bundesliga.. YES WE ARE BACK!!!!off to work now 
iam upset 
iam woke up so happy , But iam problem here...... in real life she want a friend , not ... Boy friend 
i'am working hard    ouais j'suis o boulot koi...
iamdiddy awww i'm so sorry for your sister 
Iamdiddy: my little boy had a fever today too  get some rest n chix soup!
iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin 
Iamsotired! Not even half way done!  grr.
I want to drive home.  4 hours. nearly done. don't have my towel. wtf.!
I want to dye my hair but I'm afraid Ill screw it up  HELP!
i want to eat &quot;pandesal&quot; 
I want to eat away my feelings 
i want to eat chocolate   
I want to eat dinner with you gals 
I want to eat sushi  its been a while. Sis not giving me company!!!
I want to experience my first comment on here  haha I dont know how this thing works!!!
i want to find a guy like jim 
i want to forget about that thing, it sucks a lot! it totally disturb my life! i want my life back, i want things to get normal again.. 
I want to forget all my worries and throw them aside, but I can't with math holiday homework due this wednesday and tomorrow's full 
I want to forget when I hurt your heart 
I want to get a guitar really badly so I can learn it and write music to my lyrics...how I long to have the time to learn!!! 
i want to get married in vivienne westwood... she's my idol! and inspiration!!!! Waaa....  LOL
i want to get my @cocoandbreezy shades  !!!
I want to get my braces removed sooo bad!!!! 
I want to get my gf now but got to wait for her to be done with work 
I want to get my navel pierced and a industrial in both my ears, I took out my gauges 
I want to get out 
I want to get super pretty  and i want a cig 
i want to get the sims 3 but i don't have enough money saved up 
i want to give phil labonte a hug 
i want to go ayg what is this ugh so stupid 
I want to go back to bed but have a child to look after!  I may sleep all of sunday, my enevitable hangover may require it!
I want to go back to bed. Yup. That sounds like a good idea. Too bad I can't.  
i want to go back to disney world 
I want to go back to Nashville so so bad, but I'm stuck going to the beach this summer  nashville next year thou,&lt;3
I want to go back to Scotland 
I want to go back to sleep 
I want to go back to UNCG badly. I miss having things to do. 
i want to go back! 
I want to go bowling REALLY bad. 
I WANT TO GO BRITNEY SPEARS  Ergh at having no Money!
I want to go Cairo too 
I want to go do something...but everyone has plans 
I have a cold  buee
I have a cold  Going to relax on the couch and watch 300 (for the first time!) with Eric.
I have a cold  I'm also at work on a 16 hr double... go home early? na, it'll be hard, but it won't kill me... damn rain.
i have a cold / swine flu 
i have a cold again  I watched American Gangster today...it was pretty good. That is all xx
I have a cold and I'm doing my design assessment and I can't concentrate 
I have a cold and my throat is on fire.. 
I have a cold in the middle of Summer. Wtf? I'm going to cut my throat out! 
I have a cold or flu or something  It sucks.
i have a cold that its driving me nuts i couldnt sleep at all last night 
i have a cold! 
I have a cold, and it sucks 
i have a cold, i can't go to school because the health authorities have advised students with colds to stay home 
i have a cold, i feel like shit 
i have a cold. And its really annoying. 
I have a cold... poor me 
I have a cold... this totally stinks. 
I have a complainer as a boyfriend  oh wellllll. gotta love him...sometimes.
I have a complicated situation in my life. someone has reentered that I love with all my heart that I can never be with. Wow 
i have a cooooold 
I have a cough  Just the one. But it's still a cough nevertheless.
I have a cough. 
I have a course tomorrow  TWO FUCKING WEEKS!
I have a cramp in my hand. 
I have a cramp...  
i have a craving for a mrs crimble coconut macaroon. i can see the packet. They are about 300 calories each 
I Have A Craving For Pasta... Chicken Alfredo.. Wish I Could Watch The Mtv Awards With Pasta And The Wifey.. NOT 
I have a damn headache! So much for getting my beauty sleep   princess 
I have a dark secret...I dance at the Verizon commercial music. I'm so ashamed. 
I have a day off work (Y) unfortunately I have to fill it with revision 
I have a dead i-pod and no way to revive it  There's no way I'm sitting on a 13 hour plane flight without music!
I have a dentist appointment at 1.... Ugh I don't wanna go 
I have a dentist appointment today for an extraction. At 3pm, not looking forward to it. 
i have a difficult descsion to make 
I have a Dr. appointment today   &quot;Cry with someone. It's more healing than crying alone&quot;
I have a dream, but it is impossible and will never happen, just like all of my dreams, they are all impossible 
i have a dream...that one day the internet at my house will not drop unexpectedly off and on causing me headaches... 
I have a essay to do I don't wanna do it 
I have a farmers sunburn! Ahhhh! 
I have a fast food advertising jingle as an earworm. 
I have a fat bruise on my thigh from walking into the corner. Ouchies. I also almost fell down the stairs this morning. 
i have a feelin ill be stuck at work longer than im supposed to 
I have a feeling I just failed my final because my parking meter was running out and I rushed through 
I have a feeling I will be cutting it close getting to my flight. . . looks like no food for me 
I have a feeling I won't be sleeping very much tonight.  My cake's not even part way done. 
I have a feeling it was just a one night stand, and that I don't mean as much to him as I thought I did. 
I have a feeling it'll rain again soon 
I have a feeling my relationship with Noah will never be the way I want it to be. 
I have a feeling that I will find a coil covered in ice again if I take the freezer's back panel off....  
I have a feeling that I won't be seeing a yankees game today... 
I have a feeling that I won't tan at all this summer. 
i have a feeling that my senioritis will affect my GPA and i will not be graduating summa cum laude 
I have a feeling that this is going to be a long week 
i have a feeling that today is going to be a crappy day 
I have a feeling the nuggets are gonna lose 
I have a feeling this a/c problem is going to be a much bigger ordeal than we were thinking 
I have a feeling this thing would be more entertaining if i had friends on here. 
I have a feeling this year's end-of-year video will not be as good as last year's video.  Forgot to have students fill outi information.
I have a feeling today is going to be very boring ! Work @ 3  till 9:30
I have a feeling tomorrow is gonna be hell, my forecast is a sneeze fest  Goodnight everyone.
i have a feeling twitters gonna tell me i cant tweet no more 
I have a feeling weed,skating and sushi afterwards is not gunna be a good mix. I'm gunna need a barf bag. 
i have a fever  with a headache 
I have a fever someone make it stop? 
i have a fever.  oh great..
Ian Crawford left The Cab, apparently.  kinda bummed.
Ian left The Cab? My life suddenly has less meaning. I love that kid. 
Ian left The Cab?! I am so sad! 
ian quit the cab?!?!???!? this is horrible  im so sad now. to make it worse it was a really good day
ian why no warm up in london? 
ian won't come home until 12 tonight...darren and i are going crazy without him 
iann  my summer isn't going to be the same. god, all i ever do is cry!
iany1 watch Real Crime last night. that was gd, lil emotional  and i fell asleep half way thru big brother, did i miss anything decent?
ias awake, but has to go into school today 
iBird Pro just crashed on me while I was looking up Snowy Egret 
IBM's nonperma link &quot;feature&quot; just hit me again - cannot see the information and cannot get back to the one who sent it to me 
IBS is a curse i want no parts of...this is so unfair 
icaaaaant fuckin win 
iCarly is over!  im sad
ice cream at 11:30pm was not a good idea .. stomach has total hate 
Ice cream bigger than tummy can handle 
ice cream hurts my teeth... 
ice creAM MELTED 
Ice cream never happened tonight  I feel funky. Good night all.
ice cream stig revealed and i missed it!   long wait till friday!
Ice cream with angie, manda and mary. Then bringing some to christina since she's sick 
Ice cream, ice cream. We all scream for ice cream. Too bad I can't eat it. 
Ice dream machine broke  What should I eat for lunch instead?!?
ice ice ice, ahh foot why must you hurt! 
ice pack on my shoulder. in just keeps feeling worse 
Ice went on my burn for 30 mins, then Neosporin cream. Feeling much better, but it's my throttle hand 
icecream for breakfast. it was a long night 
i want to go home   cause i give up music, movies and you can go in the pile of trash as well
I want to go home  Never in a million years did I think I would miss Matlock but I do!!
I want to go home :| 
I want to go home already  I feel sooo sick   
I want to go home already! 
I want to go home and play zelda 
I want to go home and sleep  one more hour!
I want to go home earlier and try playing street fighter 4 
i want to go home get in bed and have a cuddle 
I want to go home this weekend 
I want to go home!! boring 
I want to go home, because I am very tired!!! The wheather is not good. It seem the rain is coming!  It has never been summer 
I want to go home. 
I want to go home. Sneaking out of a hotel conference room is much more difficult than sneaking out of a classroom dammit! 
I want to go home. So tired 
i want to go homeeee 
I want to go hooooooooome!  Working on my 6th straight day, tomorrow is #7.
I want to go in Berlin! uff! 
I want to go in the pool, but it's freezing 
i want to go on a freaking roadtrip. 
i want to go on holidays sooo bad 
I want to go on holliday with @electricskyline 
I want to go on Miley's Tour 2009! But I cannot  I live in Germany and she don't comes to Germany  I'm sooooo sad ...
I want to go on MSN arrrgh 
I want to go on tour with JB 
I want to go on vacation. 
I want to go out ( I hate it having no money 
I want to go out and jog right now but my parents would tell me it's too late  HOLY CRAP I MISS HIM, LIKE, WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYY TOO MUCH..
i want to go out tonight, but I can't 
i want to go out!! to late now 
I want to go out.. or do something.. im SO bored  anyone?
I want to go outside  but i cant... homework.. homework..blablablah.
I want to go outside and play, but everyone is still sleeping. 
I want to go outside!!!! Its soooooo lovely out today 
i want to go panama city again  the resort place was awesome!!! 
i want to go pet a penguin and gino won't take me to antartica  damn that child!!!! you are my biffle!!!!
I want to go see a movie tonight but no one will go with me 
i want to go see McFly tonight. I hate @dippyem. 
i want to go see the hangover but no one to go with 
I WANT TO GO SEE THE SPECIALS MONDAY!!!!! 
I want to go see Up 
i want to go see wicked  But i don't have the money to go.
i want to go see wicked... 
i want to go shopping 
I want to go shopping! 
I want to go shopping. but, first of all, I don't know where to go because I don't feel like driving.  Secondly, I want to lose weight 
I have a final exam this afternoon... I might have to ditch skating 
I have a final in right around 4.5 hours. I'm not done studying for it. I'm totally not sleeping tonight unless I fall asleep studying 
i have a fire engine, I dont have a fire engine, I have a fire engine, i dont have a fire engine...Im confused now.  
I have a follower from Spain. Which makes me sad I never learned another language besides English. Probably too late to learn.  
i have a friggin headache 
I have a friggin' painful UTI 
I have a fucking strand of hair in my eye that I cannot get out! 
I have a gigantic migraine from hell and outer space 
I have a Grad party 2night @ 7 They're Met fans.................  Guess I'll have  to watch the encore
i have a hairline fracture in my toe 
I have a hangnail 
I have a hard time being genuine, sometimes.  Working on it, though.
i have a head ache i dont like it 
i have a headace 
I have a headache    ...
i have a headache   ..hope my guy dsnt go home on SYTYCD because my last guy did.lol
i have a headache  and USA lost to Italy. my heart just broke a little.
i have a headache  bad times!
I have a headache  boo no fun
i have a headache  but im blasting im on a boat. its actually making me feel better :3
I have a headache  Gonna take a shower, pack my bag for the zoo tomorrow. ewww, I have practice tomorrow. Great.
I have a headache  http://tinyurl.com/mp9pm5
i have a headache  i wanna be asleeeeepin.
I have a headache  ohhh nooo
I have a headache &amp; no food to feed my young   Something's gotta give!
i have a headache , runny nose , cold body even though covered with 2 thick blankets , &amp; a cup of cordial. horrible combo 
I have a headache again  This is getting old
i have a headache almost everyday and nightmares at night. its not too good 
I have a headache already 
I have a headache and feel slightly sick. I need sushi!! Someone get me some sushi!! 
i have a headache and i do'nt want to go to this party 
I have a headache and it won't go away 
i have a headache and it's getting worse!! 
i have a headache and the hick ups and everytime i hick up it hurts my head 
I have a headache from just reading what I'm supposed to prepare for my next trimester 
i have a headache from the 3D glasses 
i have a headache.  going to make some semi home made pizza. (bought the dough) http://www.raychelllibby.blogspot.com
I want to go skate somewhere but I have no knee pads.  
I want to go somewhere so bad, but i look so bad because i need a haircut which is kinda forcing me to stay in, but its so beautiful out! 
I want to go swimmin but i have no one to go with. 
I want to go swimming  I need a new swimming buddy!
I want to go swimming but cant 
I want to go swimming but no one to go with 
i want to go swimming RIGHT NOW 
I want to go swimming soon! But not tomorrow, too much works to do!  - http://tweet.sg
I want to go to &quot;VIVID SYDNEY&quot;!!! I should've gone to circular quay last week  ugh! I'll def go...screw the study...it's just 1 night...
I want to go to a baseball game. 
I want to go to a foam party! Boourns! I work early Friday morning though 
I want to go to a Muse concert in Germany but nobody wants to go with me 
I want to go to a water park. Unfortunately, being a Pale One omits many water-related activities. 
I WANT TO GO TO AMERICA!!!   
I want to go to an @britneyspears concert!! Why does it always have to sell out? 
I want to go to AX 
I want to go to bed 
I want to go to bed. I'm so freaking tired, i could cryyyyyyy 
I want to go to bingo today but no one wants to come  Anyone interested? 5:30 in Abington.
I want to go to Broken City. 
I want to go to cali 
I want to go to Comicon in sd, but none of my friends will go.. never gone, if I DO go, i dont know what to dress up as..  GOTTA dress up!
I want to go to Fashion U. sooo bad but you have to be 16!  ugh come on @Teen_Vogue i'm gonna love fashion just as much in one more year!
i want to go to live in the park  ragin hi. sittin in my brothers room wile my mum goes shoppin and leaves me with the painters. 
I want to go to mcfly concert 
I want to go to MI toooooo.  Oh well, I'll be there when I see P!ATD by going on a train! :-D
i want to go to mmvas too 
i want to go to old town but i think it's going to rain 
i want to go to palo duro canyon today 
I want to go to pinehurst!!  
I want to go to prom  my hair is soaked right now and I am not happy. Cheer my up, someone?
I want to go to rainforest cafe 
I want to go to RED WHITE and BOOM 
i want to go to rock in the park 2day!!! but i have to stay in to look after harvey  Xx
i want to go to school already. 
I want to go to shakespeare in the park 
i want to go to sleeeeep bc i go to the BAHAMAS in the morning but im not tired 
I want to go to sleep but I can't 
i want to go to sleep, but no one in the house is up to turn my light off  so i am stuck... ugh.
I want to go to sleep... but just can't  , listening to Bon Iver to help drift my mind into dream land......
I want to go to Sloans to watch the Apprentice final and enjoy complimentary drink &amp; nibbles, but Davie thinks doing that would be&quot;wack&quot; 
icecream.. coldd 
iced white chocolate mohca pearl drink &gt; me. yea, i'm sure it was the milk. 
ich HASSE autorensysteme 
Ich hasse Sport iwie grade -.-  mir tut alles weh 
Ich liebe dich, Sophia and Madita. I miss you already. 
Ich sammle Infos. I'm an information junkie. ;) Urgently need a folder for 'Twitterverse'! 
ICH WILL MIA 
iChat isn't working for me. Who's having the same problem? 
icing my foot.. 
Icing my tummy 
ick.. that sandwich put me at 747... make it 900 today 
ick... I hate it when the pasta in my easy mac comes out a little hard still in some places 
ick... i've got itchy 'squito bites from the Schomberg fair. 
ICONic3 ...... why are you NOT following me ? 
ICT is so boring 
ict is stressing me out. srsly there are loads to learn!! 
ict....  
Icy hot patch parade on me: 1 on arm, 1 on neck, 1 on thigh, 1 on bum, XL on back: It's not a menthol fetish, it's a pinched nerve. 
I'd anticipated that an obvious place would be the cathedral and was waiting there but the inaccurate clue sent me running elsewhere! 
I'd be a lot happier if I were asleep. Guess not tonight 
id be better off without weather like this.. Sittin in the water heater closet in the garage isnt fun! 
i'd better get some sort of compensation for this 
I'd come bring you food if i could 
id do anything to have her back  I miss sher so very much
I'd eat bugs if i could get 14 hours sleep straight!! So tired..  I might go for a lie down with Eclipse!! =D Xxx
I'd equate it to the Libary of Alexandria burning down everytime I take a cooldown lap... Mankind is losing so many songs &amp; story ideas.. 
i have a headache. again 
I have a headache. And I have nobody to keep me company.   _wants.to.be.a.kidd.again&lt;3
i have a headache. booo!! 
I have a headache. I hate it 
i have a headache. it's loud in my apartment. complain complain complain.  good night and study hard friends
I have a headache. Too mush sun 
I have a headache.. don't know why I felt the need to &quot;Tweet&quot; about it, but I did. So there, now ya'll know. 
i have a head-achey cold thing meeeh not good  but had fresh coffee and pancakes for breakfast so that cheered me up...a little
i have a heavy heart coz i have a love i cant be with coz shes already taken... why so cruel the grips of emotions it has on our  beings! 
I have a horrible cough ! Cramps. No fair !! 
i have a horrible feeling my cans and caps won't arrive in time for fridays departure ... 
I have a horrible headache and advil didn't help 
I have a horrible headache tonight! 
I have a horrible headache!! The cherry on top of my crappy day. 
I have a horrible headache...  Time for a nap I guess.
I have a horrible sinus headache and today begins 6 days straight of work.  
I have a horse compitition on sunday. It's suppopsed to rain 
I have a hot cup of &lt;strike&gt;coffee&lt;/&gt; WATER with brown color, sweetner and a splash of cream in it.  
i have a huge hangover 
I have a huge headache 
I have a huge headache right now. There's a pounding in my head..make it stop 
i have a huge headache. 
I have a huge problem and i do not know what to do. 
i have a HUUUUGE headache! 
I have a job at camp!!  Only downfall? No midnight showing of Harry Potter for me 
i have a killer headache from slamming my head in Sara's car door.  all to tell her that she had a cute butt!
i have a knot thingy on my foot and it really hurts 
I have a list of things  I really enjoy and they're all creepy. 
i have a load of college work to do, i have to bulk up two folders. i am half way in and my hand already hurts  :/ Bad times. 
i have a lot of anxiety today 
I have a lot of hate in my heart for a certain guy...I hate him so much that it hurts. Excuse my crudeness but that's just how I feel 
i have a lot of learning to do!!! english 
i have a LOT of work to do. 
I have a lot on my mind  &amp; i'm on a one hour worth of sleep...
I have a lot to do today as computer is going into the shop tomorrow. Doesn't help that @osiesbest is going home either. 
I have a LOT to do today! So many things, so little time...     The wedding was amazing last night! I miss Natalie already 
I have a love hate relationship with van, It shuts down if you lock it with the remote but open it with key. Thinks u r stealing it. 
I have a love/hate relationship with this weather.... I LOVE rain storms, but HATE the way they make my joints hurt 
I have a love-hate relationship with the pliability of time during the writing process. It is far past my bedtime. Far. 
i have a low attention span. i neeeed to focus 
I have a lunch meeting i forgot about  Getting ready for that.
I have a major headache that won't go away 
I have a major headache... I guess i had too much fun in the sun 
I have a massive headache  Boohoo me!
I have a massive knot in my back 
I have a massive tummy ache 
I have a migraine and there is still 2 1/2 hours left in the work day. UGH! 
I have a migraine, again. 
I have a migraine, I'm nauseous, my hands are shaking, and I'm just realising how nice it used to be to have someone rub my back 
i have a mosquito bite on my face  cool
I have a mostquito bite on my leg 
I have a mysterious 10th follower now. Why do these people always stalk me? 
I have a nagging pain under the shoulder blades. How do I get rid of it? 
I have a nettle sting on my bum. It really really hurts 
i have a new car!!! just need to pay  and get the license plate
I have a newfound love for the following foods: Ice Tea, Dutch Gouda, Coffee Flavoured Napoleons, Spekulatius  and Waffles - not good 
I have a pain in my chest 
I have a pain in my neck  :S
I have a paper to write to night 
I have a piece of parsley stuck in the back of my throat &amp; I can't get it out 
I have a pimple in my nostril. Surely this is swine flu 
I have a pounding headache and my roomate is BLASTING  what sounds like death metal and happy hardcore in the nxt rm ....Help... 
I have a premonition.. My plan 2 go 2 Bandung this weekend with my friends will stay as a plan.. There's no chance 4 us to make it real.. 
I have a problem when it comes to sleeping early 
i have a problem with numbers i have to actually write them so i wont say it in hebrew. ive done eightttt text dont wanna do another one 
I have a question to all men out there who are married or have a gf...are you truely loyal to her respectful? Who am I kidding 1/2 aren't 
I have a rash on my face  Why? Uncle Hai says better now than later when he's going to introduce me to a lot hot chicks ;)
I have a really bad stomach ache   it is so not fun maybe some naps will help.......
I have a really bad stomach ache this morning.  Want to go back to bed.
i have a really bad tooth ache, its killing me 
I have a really big rash on my neck and it huuuuuuuuuuuuuuurts! 
i have a really nasty bruise on my KNEE.. 
i have a really stiff neck 
i have a rele big scratch on my arm and it rele hurts and no one cares 
I have a ridiculous sore on my tongue  color me in pain.
i have a rumbly in my tumbly 
I have a sad mac and it is making me sad as well 
I have a scratch on my MP3 player. 
I have a serious case of post-festival blues 
I have a serious Headache 
I have a serious puffy face going.. I hateeee allergies! 
I have a shirt he wore and have it right here next to me cause it still has his sent, so I can fall asleep  I miss him, I can't sleep
I have a shooting pain from my elbow to my fingers... It kindof hurts... 
I have a sick puppy baby 
I have a sleepy (goodness knows how) @cpearson1990 on me who won't let me escape  Being cautious as I don't want to get punched 
i have a small number of follwers and I am not gov agent!  please I need more followers!
I have a smokers cough 
i have a song stuck in my head but i can't remember what it is 
i have a sore nose now! 
i have a sore throat  i want ice-cream !
I have a sore throat and have lost my voice. 
I have a sore throat!! 
i have a sore throat, and a cough that wont go away 
I have a sore throat, and it's made of *stab* 
I have a sore throat. I feel horrible 
i have a sore throat. It feels like lil munchkins are stabbing the inside of my throat while having a party. 
I have a sore throat...not good   
I have a sore tummy 
I have a stomach ache...12 hours ahead of me too 
I have a strong need to listen to the Link Wray station on Pandora. No headphones on me for iPhone, on Amtrak 
I have a strong urge to eat breakfast....and start my day. However, the lead in my behind is keeping me from moving......LOL  
I have a stuffed nose 
I have a summer cold. Great... Grrrreat. I feel horrible. 
I have a swollen lymph node which is giving me a toothache from hell! At least it's not a cavity like I originally thought. But still 
i have a temperature  and i feel ill. im so so so so tired  early night methinks
I have a terrible hangover 
I have a terrible headache  and i can't find the advil over here.
I have a terrible headache.....wanna go home! 
I have a tiny cut underneath my findernail and it hurts like hell!! Owie 
i have a toothache  awww
I have a toothache and am tweeting in sick 
i want to go to some festival 
i want to go to sonic lunch but nobody's answering their phones 
I want to go to St Trinians 
I want to go to the airport to see AT cause I won't see him for 2 years unless I visit Tanzania. Which I may need to start saving up for 
i want to go to the beach so bad 
i want to go to the beach tomorrow 
I want to go to the beach! 
i want to go to the beach!!!! 
I want to go to the dentist .. I cant stand it anymore .. Just another thing to make me hate my self and i dont need another reason 
I want to go to the Easter Show 
I want to go to the emergancy room right now. what could be wrong with my chest? 
I want to go to the gym.  Need to feel that muscle burn!!! Stuck behind a desk 
i want to go to the jonas brothers concert sooo bad but i dont have tickets 
I want to go to the lakers parade 
I want to go to the merritt mountain music fest this year but no one wants to go with me 
I want to go to the Metro Station Koncert in &quot;KÃ¶ln&quot; 
I want to go to the Philip DeFranco gathering so bad! It's on thursday @ stanley park, 5 pm 
I want to go to the pool 
I want to go to the pool, but no one will go with me 
i want to go to the show tonight  next weekends plans are sounding awesome!
i want to go to the source mall. i wish i could drive 
I want to go to the video shop and pass out sick watching movies. But alas, no money 
I want to go to Universal too! 
I want to go to VP, but no one is willing to come with me. 
i want to go to work but they wont let me until I get a doctor to say its ok  first appointment is at 4.10 with some temp person. yay.
i want to hang out 
I want to have a birthday drink. I have no one to have a drink with. I am sad.  My lip is stuck so far out a pigeon could land on it. 
i want to have a bunny robot 
I want to have a nap but I have alot of things to finish off 
i want to have a picnic on a golf course with my boyfriend and run through the sprinklers in a pretty dress 
i want to have an overnight with petunias and just have dvd marathon all night.  http://plurk.com/p/x5wfu
i want to hear the new cobra album 
I want to help a baby Rhino!  
I'd feel a lot better if I didn't know I was trading this convertible in for my POS Cavy 
I'd find it refreshing to see JUST ONE celeb I'm following mention church. Sad that God becomes last and the spotlight becomes first 
id forgotten how much the gym hurts! 
I'd get in trouble with the internet police for sexual harrassment via twitter!  fuckkkk.
id give everything up jus 4 her :/ I hope we can work dis out I rlly do 
I'd give up what I have today to go back to a year ago... just so I can see you again! 
Id go but the madre is commin up... 
I'd go green for Iran, but I'm not sure how that would help them. 
I'd go to polish hall tonight but I don't have anyone to hit the club with 
I'd intended to talk to mini-@colinmeloy but I couldn't catch up to him. 
I'd like my pic to be fixed  I don't like being identified as a strange white box with a x in it! Funny how it's different on IE tho!
id like Nadal to be 100% so Federer could beat him 
I'd like to fly away, but I can't.. 
I'd like to say I made that trampoline by bitch, but alas 'Twas me who was the bitch. 
I'd like to think he stood a chance, but realistically he doesn't  he was so good as well.
I'd like to think I'm a level headed girl that controls her jealousy but I can't stand to look at that. it just makes me wanna cry 
I'd live in 60-90 years 
I'd look it up myself, but it's difficult from my phone. 
I'd love an Iphone just can't afford it right now 
I'd love to be sleeping right now. 
I'd love to but i'm nowhere near a computer. 
i'd love to come see you, but you're halfway across the world, so that's kinda hard 
I'd love to learn more about large scale websites, the techniques behind developing and running them, I've no idea where from though 
I'd miss you  but I hold it nyeeh
I'd pay someone $50 to bring me breakfast. I wasn't able to stop this AM or make it. 
I'd rather be alone than deal with anyone right now.  I never used to be like this, where is Prince Charming?
i'd rather be at home sleepin 
I'd rather be leveling my Paladin than sitting here at work. 
I'd rather be the heartbroken than heartbreaker. Being on the opposite side feels HORRIBLE. Dnw to crush someone's heart. 
I'd rather enjoy starting a Naruto cosplay group....too bad none of my loser...i mean awesome freinds enjoy Naruto the way I do 
'I'd rather go naked than wear fur' ads non profit? hahaa. not sure! yus. they fail! I had NO idea what platform I had to use in sydney 
i'd really like to eat this week without getting incredibly sick hours later 
I'd really like to go to the @isobell show at @space538, but I'm not sure I can swing a $7 cover... 
I'd really like to go to the Atmosphere concert at Cat's Cradle in July, but I don't know of anyone else that would go with me 
i'd realy like some ice kacang now and, mango 
I'd say that was more...worrying than fun 
I'd say the worst part of my week is leaving my car in a lot 20mins away  parker deserves better than that! Also the brothers bloom=GREAT!
I'd sleep in the car, but I'm scared 
i'd sleep now. but i got a mess a mess to clean up. 
Idc about the domain anymore, I just want my baby to not be humiliated.  One game, pls?
i want to help my best friend but theres nothing i can do  fml
i want to join drama practice today but i can't 
I want to join them for dinner and chillax as well  But I have a meeting ;___; Nuuu!
i want to keep your 2nd button   huhu coba gue di jepang. 
i want to kill yourself because you make me broke 
i want to know if your ok and if he's ok  x
I want to know the truth from friend not lie oh okay I am tired of lot of saying and hideing from 
i want to know what i am doing tonight. ughh 
I want to know what i did...... 
I want to learn how to do a Japanese Tea Ceremony. 
I want to learn how to play guitar!! 
i want to learnn how to surff. someonee teach meee 
I want to leave already  i'm bored and tired
i want to listen sad and depress music all the night why? i donÂ´t know 
I want to listen to DODWAV too bad I don't have it 
I want to listen to The Lady Luck 
I want to live in the United States 
I want to make a deck badly, but I can't decide on which colors  
I want to make a film! 
I want to make a tweet announcing that I have 100 updates, but once I hit the update button, I will be at 101 updates.  The irony.
i want to make music. i'll have to settle for editing dumb pictures instead. 
I want to make my avitar green 2...but I'm on my iPhone and my notebook is all the way on a differnt couch 
i want to make popcorn and watch something.. but i cant find anything to watch 
i want to make the midnight showing of transformers tonight, but idk if i'll make it! 
I want to meet @selenagomez 
I want to meet my baby girl but I'm worried for her heart! 
I want to move back into my old house  i hate it here.
I want to move back to London soooo badly... 
I want to move home now 
I want to move now...I hate waiting...I can't be patient. 
I want to move to London 
I want to nap but there's no use in trying 
i want to no how to twitpic 
i want to paint more pictures, but i ran out of paper 
IDEA 8.1.3 crashes on Mac too often, lost a few file changes  , switching back to 8.1.2
identi.ca is impersonating twitter today 
idiotic hackers got me this time  should
Idk  it hurts sooo bad!!!!
idk about this guy... is he lying? 
Idk anyone on here! 
idk bored goin to church  bbbbboooooorrrrrrrrrriiiiiiinnnnnnnnnngngggggggggggggg
idk but i feel really remorseful. maybe it was bcus of yesterday 
Idk how 2 get the friggin wings 
idk how but, i woke up from my nap with some hickey looking thing on my left boob.. 
idk how to do this &quot;really easy&quot; econ homework 
Idk how to get twitter by text. 
Idk how to send a direct message to u from my phone 
idk if i like twitter anymore. shes killing it for me 
idk if ima be able to sleep because its soo darn hot! i am like glu to my bed. 
idk im thinkin about my ex 
idk kinda fuckin confused about so much qoin a lil bit krazy 
idk maybe it thought i was ugly 
Idk rachel, but another one tried 
IDK RIGHT NOW 
idk what do ne more :/ i feel like my happiness is just going down the drain 
idk what i did to my pinky, but it's bothering me 
idk what id do without my phone..  i would never leave my phone just to go a friends house. id make them bring me back and get it.. :O ;)
I want to panic 
I want to party down! 
i want to party!!  i hope i can :$
i want to pet a piglet.. only worry is the swineflu 
I want to play 
I want to play burnout 
I want to play GTA4 but @jessicabott wont' let me 
I want to play halo 
i want to play Sims 3 but can't get it...I've to go 70 miles for purchase 
i want to play sims 3 so bad. 
I want to play some xbox but my father is watching Tv and downstairs my brother is playing some crappy game 
I want to play tennis right now!! ..... but there's not courts open at this time of the night 
I want to play tennis, but it's constantly raining 
I want to puke 
I want to punch myself in the face. 
I want to read my book... - â€¦but I just realized I left it all the way out in the car.  http://tumblr.com/xuf1yp8hl
I want to relax and I don't have to do homework...I'm so tired... 
I want to return to Midgar 
I want to revamp my blog 
I want to see &quot;My Sister's Keeper&quot;... wow I am going to cry so much!!! Looks like a really sweet and sad movie 
I want to see @metrostation in madrid  Wish I had the moneyyyyy
i want to see cmt music awards  [2]
I want to see Edison Chen. 
I want to see Gayle Ann. 
i want to see hibah ahaha she talks so much... and she stole my ice lolly last time  WAAAAAAAAAAA   ahaha never mind
I want to see Lee Mack in March! 
i want to see link 80 live! i think they are broken up though 
i want to see my baby 
I want to see my baby tomorrow. 
I want to see my boos tonight!!! And, I plan on pouting until we make it happen  @Alicia_Ivy @littlemisslisa5 @oh_so_fab @ShaeMechelle
i want to see my roommate. i miss him, hes been at the park at nights...ive been on days  im going to try to stay up! good night tweeters.
I want to see no doubt/paramore tonight 
I want to see Rafa. 
I want to see so many people with so little time 
I want to see Terminator:Salvation but I'm afraid Christian Bale might yell at me.  
I want to see that movie The Proposal. I never have anyone to go to movies with 
i want to see the b-52's 
I want to see the bump  Haha.
i want to see the half-blood prince already 
i want to see the hangover!!  no moniez
i want to see the mtv movie awards tonight!!! 
I want to see the MTV music awards right now ! but unfortunately I must wait 'till thursday 
I want to see the star trek film  my cousin is away to see it today but im stuck indoors for the second day 
I want to see Tori Amos when she comes to town  http://bit.ly/1Z9B7 Dunno if I'll be in town, though.
i want to see transformers 2 
I want to see Transformers 2 badly! I'm so disappointed that I won't get to go for up to 2 weeks 
I want to see Transformers 2 soo bad. But there's no one to go with. 
i want to see true blood but i dont get hbo on my tv 
I want to see up 
I WANT TO SEE UP! 
I want to see up! With deonya.. 
I want to see UP. 
I want to sell my Eyeko Cream. Any takers? Only tried once. Not suitable for my skin  @Kimoko
I want to set a custom white balance setting on my phone's camera, but I can't -- it's not that fancy. 
i want to shake these old feelings away.  nights world
I want to shop but boyfriend don't let me to 
i want to sleeeepppp   i've been saving my work every minute just incase my computer crashes AGAIN &gt;
I want to sleeep so bad but too much to do  gage's tonight!
I want to sleep a lot tomorrow but I cant, I have to wake up at 7 o'clock every single day     u.u !!   Que ladilla !
I want to sleep but I have to work soon 
i want to sleep but i keep thinking about that spider that i couldn't get to in time... its still somewhere around my bed. ... ... ... 
I want to sleep but something just keeps me awake 
I want to sleep MORE 
I want to sleep now 
I want to sleep o j j is playing games in his iPhone 
i want to sleep so badly right now, damn you judaism test 
I want to sleep! running on three hours sleep! bad move, haha. 
I want to sleep, and wake up when school is over 
I want to speak with her ... 
I want to spend all day at a park today, I think. I don't want rain anymore 
I want to stand on my roof and yell &quot;ALLAHU AKBAR&quot; too!   #iran
