is not feeling well....allergy monster bit again! UGH!!! Can't sleep now! 
Is not feeling well....and definitely not feeling up to cooking dinner 
Is not felling good... I need a hug! 
is not getting a climb in until tomorrow.    I'll survive.  lol  Now to keep the kids busy since there's construction around the house.
Is not going back to University next year and is really sad about that! 
is not going over my aunts house  but still going to gymnastics
is not going to be in Camden this afternoon  needs to be in Knightsbridge instead.
Is not going to be on twitter for the weekend  noooooooo!
is not going to be unplugging tomorrow evening 
Is not going to mention what she found out today because she shouldn't even give a gosh darn. She still feels down about it, though. 
Is not going to San Antonio this time  However, will get to Houston sooner than planned
is not going to the JUICE DJ Quest event tonight  http://plurk.com/p/121xq6
is not going to the movies anymore 
Is not going to the zoo 92 is too hot for lil shawn 
is not gonna get paid to drink coffee all day...   #fb
is not good at all at saying goodbye to people he loves. Especially when it's most likely goodbye forever. 
is not happy  goin to paragould for some Bomber Baseball
is not happy  http://plurk.com/p/11c3s9
is not happy about not being able to go to Beijing. 
is not happy about the rain. 
is not happy about what I jus found out :'( :'(....I wish i found out b4 :'(  Jesse 
is not happy coz its cold and wet 
Is not happy for Monday. I like him sooo much 
is not happy has not stopped crying why is it one step forward and twenty back 
is not happy that it's going to cost $329 to fix the lcd screen on my laptop 
Is not happy that Pete just rang. Looks like i'll be going to hospital some time soon 
is not happy that she has english now 
is not happy to be at work on this gorgeous day 
is not happy with his team 
Is not happy with the FULL MOON tonight.. Cant wait for it to be over!! Will feel MUCH better tomorrow 
Is not happy with the thunderstorm, hail and tornado warning. I was on my way to the roof pool when I got the alert. 
Is not happy with the weather  I'm off to the museum later with my Boy to soak up some culture. Apparently the Magna Carter is on display
Is not happy. Can't have any alcohol this weekend 
Is not having a coke float 
is not having a good day... I havent had a good week forreal!! 
is not having a good night 
IS NOT HAVING A GOOD TIME AT THE MOMENT &amp; WISHES A MILLIONAIRE WOULD TAKE PITY ON ME AND GIVE ME Â£20K TO GET OUT OF THIS MASSIVE HOLE!!! 
is not having a great day 
is not having a very good day and would like some cuddles please 
is not having a very good day right now  http://plurk.com/p/rb8ya
is not having luck finding a new Elena and K9cabins in MA 
is not having such a good day today....and trying to figure out what this bug bite on her foot is! ow 
is not having the best night 
is not in a &quot;group&quot;  and all my friends like micah more than me and hes mean to them  is sad
is not in a good condition. I blame tomorrow. 
is not in a good mood 
is not in a good mood &amp; don't ask why either 
is not in a great mood today at all 
is not in a happy mood 
is not in a happy place  ...
is not in a very good mood 
is not in the best of moods 
is not in the mood to attend any con...  http://plurk.com/p/xamra
is not interested in watching cricket anymore... 
is not liking all this rain  bring back the sun!
is not liking how slow the Sims 3 is on her laptop. 
is not liking the rain!  Bring back the sunshine!
is not liking this feeling of missing someone.  missing somebody sucks!  
is not liking this rainy weather 
is not liking this school stuff 
is not liking this weather 
Is not lookin forward 2 Tesday 
Is not looking for a career in babysitting 
is not looking forward to 2 exams tomorrow! 
is not looking forward to a day waiting in hospital tommorrow  xx
I'm so tired of arguing so today its officially over!  I guess it had to end sooner or later. *I tried* http://myloc.me/29rW
im so tired of being in the army....i wanna go home got damnit 
I'm so tired of being tired! 
im so tired of feeling like this 
I'm so tired of my life!!  
im so tired of my responsabilities i wish i was a kid it seems that everyone around me is all about money and not me anymore 
I'm so tired of not being able to sleep and throwing up all night. I just wanna know what's wrong 
im so tired of people that can never leave u alone when ur leaving them alone 
I'm so tired of this happening. And my throat hurts so bad it sounds like I'm crying my eyes out. 
i'm so tired right now guys, i've had loads of sleep :| its really wierd! Not well 
Im so tired today! Maybe because I got no sleep last night?! 
i'm so tired! callum's annoyed at meeeee  @xkatecrawfordx it's confusing, will take some getting used to x
I'm so tired!!   waiting for my honey to come home so I can zzzzzz
I'm so tired!! Headed across they bay to meet mom for lunch, since she decided to go out of town today, when I leave monday 
im so tired!!!....i got college tomorrow 
I'm so tired!!sigh... 
i'm so tired, and frustrated. my favorite headphones i've ever had just broke, and now i have to listen to really shitty ones. 
Im so tired, and I have a big headache  But Im happy cause I went to Bruno's birthday and that was so great  good night
I'm so tired, I can't even fall asleep 
I'm so tired, i'm having trouble keeping my eyes open and my thoughts clear.  30hrs  no sleep  is driving of crazy 
im so tired,stressed and frustrated. ! Like, what's happening ?! im crying.. 
I'm so tired. 
I'm so tired.  I can't seem to catch up on my sleep.
I'm so tired. But i have to go to my english lesson 
I'm so tired. Had a very bad night. Just couldn't sleep. I wanna go to bed! 
i'm so tired. haven't slept since yesterday!  hope the plan still goes through i'm not in the mood of sleeping my weekend away. AGAIN!
Im so tired. I didnt get back in till after midnight  i need sleep
I'm so tired. I don't get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole damn thing. 
Im so tired. I dont wanna go to work  ugh guess i should go now.
Im so tired. I finished most of my homework. i couldnt work on my gourd today  tommorrow ill be doing red shield appeal with memoo~~~
is not looking forward to being ANOTHER year older on thursday  already feel old after having a 2 hour nap on sofa after work today!
is not looking forward to going home 
is not looking forward to gold duke of edinburgh this weekend ............ 50 miles  fun (not)
is not looking forward to his Chemistry and Physics exams this week 
is not looking forward to Jury Duty 2moro 
is not looking forward to mowing lawns for 8 or 9 hours tomorrow 
is not looking forward to my 12 hour shift 
is not looking forward to next Monday.  http://plurk.com/p/palvv
is not looking forward to results today .. bring on 5pm (or later) 
is not looking forward to returning to reality tomorrow. 
is not looking forward to rewriting written pages of spec at all tonite...  but it has to be done....*sigh*
Is not looking forward to ringing customer services 
Is not looking forward to tackling the washing and ironing backlog 
is not looking forward to the #imaginecup Game Development Finalists announcement tonight 
is not looking forward to the funeral tomorrow 
Is not looking forward to the incoming rain. 
is not looking forward to the long day i have ahead of me. 
Is not looking forward to the LSAT 
is not looking forward to this afternoon - Got to reconcile last months expenses 
Is not looking forward to tomorrow very scared 
is not looking forward to tomorrow's report card day. OMFG, WHY?! 
is not looking forward to work tomorrow 
is not looking forward to work.. 
Is not looking forward to working the next two days 
is not looking foward to being in the office sooooo late tonight    And yes, I am whining....
is not loving the new green day cd 
is not loving the new spurs kit 
is not meant to knit lace tonight.  
Is not motivated now  - http://tweet.sg
is not of housewife material - self-cooked rice turned out to be too watery and soft! 
is not ok!still waiting...and starting to cry... 
is not okay. 
Is not on the fields of glory 
is not on the plane  didnt get passport in time. and no good flights going to lisbon for a week
is not paying ï¿½8 per hr for Internet access so may be limited to Twitter via txt  
Is not playing Badminton..  
Is not ready for the fun weekend to be over 
is not ready for this  hot muggy day 
is not ready for tomorrow 
is not ready to go back to work 
is not ready to leave fort riley... 
Is not ready to leave london 
is not ready to let her little one grow up. 
is not really feeling Twitter at all 
is not sleeping because he has paperwork to do. 
Just been Rick Roll'd, gutted 
JUST BEEN SIGNED OFF WORK FOR 2 WEEKS, thanks for that pelvis.........im feeling so sore and sorry for myself 
Just been through the car wash with the passengers window down. Surprising how much water can come through the window in about 10 seconds 
Just been to a patient with ?meningitis that my old GP missed, and in the process has probably killed *sigh* 
Just been to Beluga wine tasting for single people  Was great fun so well run, but nobody there i was attracted to... 
Just been to qualifying at silver stone for british gp. Lewis 19th, jenson 6th 
Just been to see my grandfather who is having back surgery tomorrow 
Just been to see oasis in Manchester, amazin gig but i'm now not lookin forward to work tm 
Just been to see the smoking nurse, she said i'm a good girl! ;) Non smokers lungs still...even after the slip up after my pooch died 
Just been told wisdom teeth can take years to grow through  ouchy!
Just been walking round the office with my flies undone. A bit embarressed that no one notice  I feel small and insignificant now
just been watching the first episode of the final series of er...how emotional was dr pratts death? tears were rolling down my cheek 
Just been woken up by the blo*dy cat! I don't have to be up for another 2 yet!  
just being busy on the pc today... 
Just being sensitive... Wish we could go to kalama to see wendy/ryan. Too bad chris makes all those decisions 
Just bin trafford centre was hoping to get a bag but didnt have much luck  x
Just bit a chunk outa my cheek 
Just bit my other slaves leg, she didn't stand a chance! No... She's getting the squirt bottle... Not again... My beautiful fur 
is not smiling cos i'm really sad i'm not going to see the really hot guy from my dance acamdemy for a whole year.  sadsadsadsadsadsadsad
Is not studying for finals. 
is not sunshine drinking and is a bit fed up 
is not terribly amused today with the various merchant service offerings out there 
is not that excited for the Pila immersion tom  http://plurk.com/p/119flz
is not too happy about tossing and turning two nights in a row. 
is not too keen on the weather this morning 
is not twitter material. 
is not v. happy about the rain!!!!!!!!!!!!! it cancelled my rounders match  boohoo
is not very calm and is getting more stressed as the day goes on 
is not very happy today! 
is not very well 
Is not wanting to go back to work tomorrow. 
is not wanting to go to work extra sick 
is not wanting to go to work tomorrow!! 
is not wanting to have surgery tomorrow 
is not wanting to leave Chicago today!! 
is not wanting to sell her car 
is not wanting to start these essays  I'm downloading McFly songs instead 
Is not wanting to work Sat. I would rather be playing w/Talia when she comes to town 
is not watching x-men wolverine - not tonite not tomoro night and not until 26th night!  strap on claws are just gonna have to wait.
is not wearing enough layers for this temperature  looking forward to drinks tonight, though! #fb
is not wit the grls 2nite...@SHIKID n @VivaMiGlam  but spent the day wit mommy. miss u loves...
is not yet excited to go to school.... huhuhu 
is nottt wanting to be at school or go to bach mass tonight 
is now (nearly) literally shitting himself over the drama retake later. Bad times. 
Is now a member of identity theft 
is now afraid that the DSL modem is gonna give way anytime soon. Hopefully not 
is now at work 
Is now awake thanks to somones house alarm 
is now back to going public after selling Tammy  - http://tweet.sg
is now boycotting disposable bbq's it has left the food with a chemically taste &amp; we can't eat itv  gutted there was lots of meat 
is now depressed thanks to Fullerton losing today and going home   I guess I'm going to drown my sorrows in nachos...mmmmmm
is now home.     The past two days were just. like. amazing.
is now home. Stressed with work, at an all-time low, plus I'm worried about my sick dog. 
is now just another statistic 
is now just chilling. &lt;3 tomorrow maybe movies. Why not delay? 
is now more than an hour behind in her study timetable 
is now off officially jobless  
Is now off to 12.25 Mass followed by lunch with Barbara...the goodbyes are begining 
Is now off to 12.25 Mass followed by lunch with Barbara...the goodbyes are beginning 
is now on a diet of fish and rice...bleddy food poisoning... 
Is now on her lunch 4 more hours after lunch 
is now online. waah. sayang unli. nwalan aco ng extra load.  http://plurk.com/p/y3bsw
is now receiving twitters to his phone! Still not happy about the background not changing though 
Is now seriously worried over Freddie's whereabouts. I sense this isn't going to have a happy ending 
is now sick. 
is now studying.    - HURRY UP SUMMER!
Is now too full.  but the wings were so good!!
is now unable to sleep 
is now without a phone 
is now writing 100-word newsbites  http://plurk.com/p/wyb4h
I'm so tired. I had backed beans for dinner tonight. I want moneyyy 
I'm so tired. I want this cold to go away! Need sleep but it's not night yet 
I'm so tired. I've barely slept the last few nights, and I totally feel like I could just crash at any moment. 
im so tired. my eyes are watery.. idk what happen.. 
I'm so tired. On my way home from emmy's house. I just remembered i still have to study for a test tomorrow! 
I'm so tired. Waking up to doggie poop didn't help matters. I hope Murray isn't sick. 
I'm so tired.. 
I'm so tired.. it's all because of the stress. I wish I had atleast 1 day without anything that needs to be done! 
I'm so tired... I missed my doc appointment today  so I didn't get anything to make mr better  still feel crapppaaay!
I'm so tired... So so tired 
I'm so tired... this is awful  I can't sleep and I need it so badly
im so tired... want to go home 
Im so tired....but I can't sleep. I am not prepared for the next couple of days 
I'm so tired...I start at 8:45 today. To early  
i'm so tired...nedd food too  #asot400
I'm so tiredd but I have sooo much to dooo! Omgg no. I miss my Bae tooo 
im so tiredd i cant sleep without waking up every like 1-2 hours. 
Im so tireddd of Workingggg I sooo Need vacations 
Im so tireddddddd. Getting ready to go t school  have to be there by 9.
im so torn whether id like to take it or not. 
I'm so unhappy being here. I hate it. It's affecting everything. My relationships with people, my personality, my attitude... 
i'm so un-realisticly gutted that i can't go download this year and see papa roach. 
I'm so upset  I had those tixs on ebay won and I lost them at the end because the stupid page wouldn't refresh *crying*
I'm so upset again. 
I'm so upset busy bees was closed 
I'm so upset I forgot about high school musical singalong night 
I'm so upset right now 
im so upset right now... he always be catchin me off guard...  messin me up!
im so upset that i can't go to the Soda Gallery for Ben, Esti, and Marcos' show....  damn you work!
I'm so upset, like ugh. At least i can see him tomorrow 
I'm so upset. Our car window was shot out.... Again.... And they stole the GPS....  what JERKS....
I'm so used to eating every five minutes on the cruise that i'm starving only eating 3 times a day!! Lol I miss all the food 
I'm so used to not being home on the holidays  Happy Mother's Day! Esp to my mommie she is the SugaHoneyIceTea! &amp; My sissy her first one!
is nto of housewife material - self-cooked rice turned out too watery and soft! 
is numbing her throat with strepsils  
is nursing a rather poorly dural tear and an inactive sacrum 
is nursing my daughter as she has a migraine 
is nursing one very sore back 
Is obsessed with OceanUP, read more of miley's AutoBio, cryed throught the chapter about the kids with cancer.. Raning 
is obviously sooo forgettable! 
Is oddly missing my late night accounting homework  NOT!!
is of new clothes... wardrobe upgrade. haaaaaaayyyyy...  http://plurk.com/p/x89f0
is of to bed school tomorow and still gta get everything ready! ima miss the holidays  night all xx
Is of to the dump with bags of half bricks. Manual labor is not for me! 
is off 2 bed. gon force the sandman 2 com do wot he do since it dont look like there's gon be any partyin 2nyt 
is off 2 work 
is off down Liverpool , then Wave Machines White Lies tonight...then back to Stoke 
Is off for her hour and a half of savage exercise 
is off of his cell phone, Internet, etc. until tomorrow at 5:30pm. Headache just HAD to come the night before the LSAT 
is off owrj thursday and friday and a coldsaw has now appeared on my face 
is off to andy's to see her beloved boys! [minus anth baby  ]
just blah..im guna end up goin to bed mad 
Just blew 60 bucks on an armadillo tire 
just blew pencil sharpenings in my tea...the day has not started well! 
just blocked a nasty mcnast that followed me thanks to my useage of the #goodp-word hash 
just blogged about the wedding issue it sounds rather bitchy i apoligise  http://lucyluvsgaz.blogspot.com/
Just blogged. Damn, i need a better camera! 
Just boarded!! @suki thanx!! Wish you were all coming too  I think I hate the word &quot;mama&quot; now!!
just Boreded to Death, i guess 
Just bought 2 chocolate bars with &quot;1 in 5 (or 6) wins a free bar!&quot; labels. I didn't win on either. 
Just bought a 1.50 cup of coffee to use a restroom in Marion, MT. There's also a poker run going on, apparently. They won't let us play 
just bought a bed for my dog at targets!! and some clothes lol. c ya i have to kinda clean the house!! n plan 4 a party!!  bye twitter!
Just bought a domain on GoDaddy.com. They have good prices and service but there site is soooo sloooooow. 
Just bought a mini wireless mouse for my new laptop and tried to install it... Not succeeding. 
is off to asda    then the Rushden Cavalcade 
is off to bed .. alone  wishing i was in Glasgow with my man! aahh.. just 4weeks to go! &lt;3
is off to bed finally...assignment still not done 
is off to bed seeing as i gotta be up early to do stocktake tomorrow morning!! 
is off to bed! Gotta get up early (6 am) to drop off kendra! 
is off to bed!! and still missing her man&lt;3 
is off to bed, meeting at the dole the morrow 
is off to bed, so tired. i wish i could see you 
is off to bed. Andaming gagawin bukas!  Nightie all~ http://plurk.com/p/12pwqf
is off to college 
is off to cousin's place for a family gathering because my niece is soon leaving. 
Is off to driving school till 4.   [liViNG iN FAST F0RWARD]
Is off to get some work done 
Just bought a new dress. Need some place to wear it 
Just bought a printer and need to install the drivers from the CD. My computer has no CD drive 
Just bought a really cute shirt. too bad the shorts were too much  oh well!
Just bought an Apple bluetooth keyboard, really excited.  You could have paid for this, #squarespace.  You could have 
Just bought an Apple Mighty Mouse for Curio, expensive but wireless. And a connector for big screen. Does not come with computer  !!! #fb
Just bought meat and salad for a barbecue tonight. Now watching the clouds beginning to gather 
Just bought most of the stuff I need for tech ... now I feel so poor  lol
just bought my clothes to wear next saturday. 
Just bought my dad's Father's Day present (Bit late I know lol) and downloading X-Plane. I wish there was Flight Simulator X for Mac. 
Just bought my mom's return ticket, delias.com has a sale, I want coffee &amp; need groceries. But I'm down -$100 into July's rent money. fml 
just bought my vegas tickets. Be there July 2nd. Failed at my first two attempts to satty the ME though 
Just bought slimaluma and acai. Will report in a month how they are going.  Hope my overdraft holds out 
Just bought some a new candle and reed dispenser and it smells so good, but i've been shopping all day so my head hurts 
Just bought some JVC headphones - they're absolute shit (and I'm no audiophile by any stretch). 
Just bought some zinfindal for the boy and I... And my friend from work got fired Friday 
Just bought two tickets to New Zealand, but typed in the wifes maiden name by accident! That'll cost me 
is off to get the boy and then to his doc. Persistent coughs are not good.  http://plurk.com/p/x285t
is off to have her face electrocuted in order not to look like Dr Beardface from Scrubs..... ouch 
is off to her first day of summer school.  its too early to be up.
is off to her hotel for the night.  Will the rain hold off so I can go for a walk, or does a night in front of the TV beckon 
is off to her next job soon  can't wait for my bed tonight.
is off to Italy today! No more Starcraft for a couple of weeks though 
is off to mister christopher big boy jereza's grad/bday party... with no gift  iou!
Is off to Ozfest?  
is off to pay the bills. 
is off to photo shoot... then crammin tunes... then praying I do ok at Mickie Finz 2nite..   not so confident... 
Is off to Saffa land tonite!!! 
is off to sale water park in the sunshine then watch united at the pub..good times! knee hurts 
is off to school for teh first time this afternoon post Noodle 
is off to school tomoro afternoon.. 
Is off to sleep another mad day 
is off to the big smoke for the weekend. Sad when the big smoke is Nelson 
is off to the dentist today.....grinding teeth apparently very damaging 
is off to the dentists 
Is off to the doctors in an hour as she can't stand it anymore 
Is off to the gym and his sadistic quack-trainer.  Taking @cheenijohn with me for company and physiotherapy
Is off to the gym not looking forward to it tho Im still so sore from yesterdays pump class 
is off to the hospital in half an hour, FINALLY! Bloody NHS waiting lists. My poorly knee 
is off to the lake! then work again 
is off to the office now.  I wish I could stay home w/the hubs... 
is off to the Olimpico. 40 games in five months and it all ends at 4:55pm. 
is off to the park for the last marketing meeting with @rickjones501 
is off to the shops 
is off to theatre even tho she's so knackered she can barely function. Mehh. 
is off to word, no updates today tweeps as i have no phone 
Is off to work 
Is Off To Work  Bad Times 
is off to work  but britains got talent was so good, julian is amazing !
is off to work  Hopefully today goes by fast...
is off to work  too bad i don't have a career that i actually like...
is off to work and cant believe gotta do 2moro 2!!! 
is off to work in a bit. i want to be in the sunshine 
is off to work in a mo... 
is off to work now          Bye for now my darlings but will tweet you later!
Is off to work now... Hope it won't get too messy there 
is off to work soon 
is off to work until 5, 8K run afterwards, but wishing she was at the parade in Pittsburgh.  
is off to work very soon  really dont wanna go cba, but suspose better go and get it over with......
Just broke down in the middle of the road with groceries and a two year old and in 100 degree weather. Won't have a car for two days  sigh
just broke his tv before  jimmy stewart: a wonderful life  was over 
Just broke iPhone #2 
just broke my chi...mid way through straightening my hair 
Just broke my kettle - noooooooo!!!  
just broke my only sunday ritual by getting dressed  sad times!
Just broke my wacom bamboo stylus! Ugh! It's back to a mouse until a replacement comes in  
just broke my yo yo 
just broke off the one of the posts of my favorite pair of earrings.  not repairable...
just broke two nails  haha. Have to re-do them now.
just broke up wit my 8yr long bf!!!! 
just broke up with her boyfriend 
just broke up with my rbffl  now i'm looking for a new one if i cant get my old one back! I'm pulling a Paris!
Just brought a loaf of bread to the downstairs neighbors - thank them for putting up w/ us and our loud dog.  Still afraid they hate us 
Just brought a tramp a cocacola. He looked a bit ruff. Better than giving him money for alcohol! I feel sorry for people like that  x
Just brought a turtle ...pretty sure it hates me though  damn damn damn
Just brought credit.  Gah my shoes gave me sores on my heels, they're bleeding and hurt  Fck you shoes!
Just brought Kyle to the airport. Miss him already... I hate Canada 
just browsing through bebo nad msn im very bored 
Just bumming round at a mates got the iPhone 3G Update i'm not so sure on it 
Just bumped my head while cleaning  it hurts ;)
Just buried my cat.  
Just buried my Mï¿½xi. I'll miss you, my love!!! 
just burned my finger. and my kitchen timer is broken 
just burned my mouth on burger king coffee 
just burned my stomach on the oven 
Just burned my tongue!! 
Just burnt my dinner, see this is why I don't cook Grrr! Missing my mums Monday Roast even more right now 
Just burnt my elbow. 
Just burnt my fecking toast 
just burnt my kettle corn 
just burnt my windpipe on pasty owwy 
just burried prince .. its so painful to see him like that. he was such a playful pug.. god, i miss him 
Just busted out and I feel horrible  
Just call me now already  I know they will and I don't want to wait that long
just called Cuerno to make a reservation and found out that they closed for good last night  http://tinyurl.com/n6v76b
Just called for transfer of Persians to new home.   Hate to c them go.Ignoring the cruelty to animals going on under our noses is sinful.
is off to work wont be home till 7.30pm 
is off to work. im so tired 
is off to zona once again, R.I.P 
is off work feeling illl  but still come over hopefully sleeping will help and i'll be PUMPED in time for aerobics!
is off work sick  Argh. Need the money.
is officially a holy skiver lol good times!!! on the other hand i have man flu bad times 
is officially back from vacation  I miss you, Bonaire.
is officially confused :S 
is officially dying due to the lack of air my brain is getting because i have an awesome headache.  here's to hoping sleep will cure all.
Is officially lame for making a twitter 
is officially sick. Damn I hate that 
is officially sick.. Yuck  def not ready to go to work.. Not going to  be a fun day with a sore throat and answering the phones..
is officially single 
Is oh so sad that the only time I'm gonna get to see my bestie is at work... Two months needs to hurry on by!!!! 
is oh so sad to be back from europe   but planning the next adventure!
is on  way home from holiday world n driving through a nasty storm  pullin off
is on a Ban for memorial weekend yes.......sigh 
is on a break at work! im so tired its not even funny! cant wait for some time off! Longgg overdue!..working 7 days is not advisable  lol
is on a Gossip Girl marathon. My mom made me stop though 
Is on air and disappointed that the sun has decided to do a 'NO SHOW' in Notts 
I'm so very tired...and have insomnia. 
I'm so whore 
I'm so wore out it's crazy. School ends friday, WOOO! I'm so tired, yet so excited for so many reasons, therefore I cannot sleep!!! 
I'm so worn out!  I wish I could go on maternity leave already! I still have 7 months to go 
I'm so worried about degree results! 3 days left! 
I'm so worried about Iran... 
im so worried about one of my friends. he was in a wreck six weeks ago. he isn't doing well. 
i'm so worried about this stupid party tonight. 
I'm so wound up about meeting mom's bf tomorrow i can't sleep 
I'm soaking wet! Stupid rain 
im soo annoyed that the file2hd website is still down  pffffffft.
I'm soo awake right now, but the rest of australia is asleep 
I'm soo bored I'm posting Super random shit...LMAO no one should be awake this early 
im soo bored! man every one on goodcharlotte.com is mean!! i say a simple word to them and they all go crazy!! 
--Im soo bored!! and i wanna talk 2 Cameron or Christian or Courtney...now!!  ha all start with a &quot;C&quot;
im soo bored. and i have no followers at this time soo whats the piont?? 
I'm soo bored. I have nothing to do 
im soo bored...and i am sick...boo hoo hoo  
I'm soo down right now  why the fuck does this always happen to me wen it comes to love?!?!
I'm soo feeling someone beginning with an 'R' he just gets me, what to do about it is the problem 
I'm soo fricken bored and I have stupid tests to study for and assignments to do. 
im soo grumpy. i been getting horrible sleep the past few days 
im soo hungry - can't wait 4 lunchtime. have been studying all day for exams next week 
I'm soo hungry....but I can't eat cuz @ancutzico is sleeping 
i'm soo ill  lunch soon tho
im soo itchy!! i hate midgys!!!!!  
im soo late w | thiss messaqee  , how old are you ? @Ayee_Tevin_
i'm soo late with ER. The last episode I saw was the one with Geprge Clooney. Can't belive is ending 
i'm soo lonely 
im soo nervous about tomorrow I could puke. 
I'm soo not feeling well.  I hate stress. Bah.
Im soo not happy 
Im soo proud of my magggiemoo! Sang full house at shorebirds stadium with no mess ups! Wish i couldve been there. 
I'm soo sad cause @mileycyrus didn't win 
im SOO sad right now!! 
im soo sick of having a thunderstorm every freakin day erg 
Is on break...I'm so tired 
is on day 11 of my headache....pretty sure it has to be altitude sickness.  
Is on day off and bored already!! This is not good 
Is on duty this weekend  what a terrible surprise
is on edge......... havin a sucky day and I think my bestest just fell outta luv with moi! Could things get any worse.. Need a shot 
is on FF.net. NO one reviewed YET 
Is on fire due to a days worth of sun burn 
is on her final day in DC.   Had too much fun at #sla2009. Happy to be able to sleep in my own bed but very sad to leave.
is on her last day of PowerPlant 
is on her way to church. missing ate ivy  http://plurk.com/p/oxu4g
is on her way to college Eurgh kill me 
Is on her way to nottingham! ICOF tonight, then no more gigs umtil download. Fail 
is on her way to work on a Sunday...the sun is so bright out there but I can't seem to feel it 
Is on here way back from swindon and i miss jon so much. 
is on his deathbed 
Is on his third G1  fml
is on his way to mass, and is beginning to be troubled by doubts. 
is on his way to work 
Is on his way to work after a really long break! Doesn't feel the fuck like it 
is on hold. 
Is on mc today.. Weather really getting to me. 
is on msn  and doing homework 
Is on msn &amp; is abit gutted because i wanted to go out but its raining. 
just called my dad to wish him happy fathers day.. tried not to cry but that didn't work... I miss him. 
Just called my daddy to wish him a happy birthday, wish I was at home 
JUST CALLED RAISSA AND TALKED TO HER ABOUT THINGS HAPPENED HERE AND THERE! AAAAH I MISS HER SO BAD, MASIH SEBULAN 
Just called the nrew sitter  I miss my G
just came across horrific pictures of China's cruelty to animals. My God, how can you torture and destory those beautiful creatures?! 
just came across the business card of a gigolo that wanted 2 give it 2 me 4 free... lol... pass 
Just came across this show from '05 on NatGeo hosted by Peter Jennings. Awww I miss him. 
Just came back form the easter show, had a fab time but lost a $60 shirt I bought. Devo 
just came back from a good bye party 
just came back from a long day at the states. got some new clothes though. hurrah. ah yes. missed Sxe Phil though 
Just came back from a pool party. Too bad all the guys decided to cancel last minute  whatever, it was still a rockin time
just came back from a very disappointing supper  no tau huay,no sesame paste 
just came back from ameeting with my thesis advisor. forgot about half of the stuff we talked about last time. epic FAIL 
Just came back from CodeCamp 2.0.   It was good, I'll wright a blog post about it. Tomorror SQL Track but want be there 
just came back from college after a worst exam..... 
just came back from dinner with Christine and @emilalexandra . It's the last week of school but there's so much to do!! 
just came back from emergency room... everything is fine, issac hurt his nose!! 
Just came back from fellowship with the members. Ate Botak Jones for e 1st time but seriously not impressed 
im soo sick of living in australia. i totally wanna go back to nz 
im soo sleepy..  boutto go back on rude.com
im soo tired  but if i sleep any longer i won't get up for work 2morro  i hate my work!
i'm soo tired ( i just got home from greenbelt. grrgh!! i hate it when i got tired! haha! weird 
i'm soo tired and i don't know why 
im soo tired and my body is aching. i envy girls who are naturally thin and dont have to work out or eat healthy. boo ! 
I'm soo twitchy about my laptop auction.. 24mins to go, lots of views, lots of watchers, but no fecking bids 
Im sooo annoyed right now  x
im sooo bad  *tear*
i'm sooo bad at this game... My back is killing me  back massage?
I'm sooo bloody cold! The weather is soo miserable 
I'm sooo bored   Being sick sucks!
I'm sooo bored at work. Great weather = no sickly patients  Guess I'll read a book  http://mypict.me/4EbF
i'm sooo bored.  listening to some K-pop goodness for a while. haha. ;)
I'm sooo bored. This weekend feels differnt. Not normal. IDK how to explain. My tummy hurtz too. 
Im sooo bummed its so hot out here and I cant even go in the pool because my sister and her husband has let the pool  get ruined!!!  
I'm sooo bummed! It's raining so i cant ride my bike to the gym! the old people in this town run me over  Damn now i dont want hit the gym
Im sooo burnt... I fell asleep in the pool with gary An dawn, OUCHIE  but had kick ass time
I'm sooo cold and tired!!! 
I'm sooo cold..got my scarf on 
I'm sooo disappointed because Susan Boyle lost... even singing for the second time &quot;I dreamed a dream&quot; she still should've won!!! 
i'm sooo disappointed that ian left the cab, you have no idea! my fellow auburnonian 
I'm sooo flippin bored it's not funny 
I'm sooo glad the week is over. Unfortunately I still have to wake up early tomorrow for court. 
I'm sooo gonna miss getting on my computer to talk to my besties this next week....  I  will find a way!!
Im SOOO HomeSick  im Ready 2 Go Back Home..  -Quon &amp;&amp; Kay Jay-Tha HomeSick Besties*
I'm sooo lonely!!!  nobody loves me
I'm sooo lost without my car  This is truly depressing. Pregnant people should NEVER be this stressed out!
just came back from job hunting. no luck so far. 
just came back from mcat physics lec. i think i prefer last year's instructor more. 
Just came back from Meridien! I'm sick 
Just came back from my brother's last rugby match before the end of the match. I take pictures there and I'm gonna miss it. 
Just came back from Night @ The Museum, it was AWESOME. Matty loved it too! Until he heard that Parra lost.  He's gone nuuuts.
Just came back from playing soccer Four hours straight now my head hurts a lot.... 
Just came back from pre-lvn class. About to study with Jane.  Even more studying.
Just came back from Rillito river pathway near Country Club. Two Pima County maintenance workers: One is painting while the other watches 
just came back from Sauce in Victoria.... returned to a hotel room with no jelly bellys for turn down service  oh well...
just came back from school and now i have to learn 
just came back from sk8ting man i wish we had a skatepark here 
Just came back from softball...well no game ....because only 3 people showed  maybe next time!
Just came back from tennis! Lost  Also went sailing and almost capsized the boat! It was fun. Now I'm going to chill and watch some TV!
just came back from the dentist   oh god, it hurts so bad  THE DENTIST IS EVIL!! EVIL I TELL YA!!!!! &lt;33
is on my vacation week.... and is wide awake.... 
is on my way back to gv  ...Damn gas is high!
is on my way to church.my preacher's last Sunday at my church.I will miss him.    
is on my way to mothers day brunch with the family.....missing jay and tanya 
Is on ScrewAttack, missed out this week due to Maths revision. Who goes to school on a Sunday to do 2 hours of Maths? Oh, me... 
Is on the bargaining stage right now... Take me baaaack!!! The last 3 months have been hell without you 
Is on the bus to college! Well tired. 
is on the bus...ugh is it only Wednesday? 
Is on the couch hungover--don't expect much out of me today 
is on the couch nursing a migraine 
is on the couch with a 2yr old who doesnt want to sleep tonight.  
Is on the couch with a much needed glass of wine...Back to the office tomorrow am though 
is on the highway.. Heading up north.. Unfortunately not for @searchtour  ... Aug 1st can't wait.
is on the last day of her holiday today, so what happens? I'm up at 6.15 with a 5 year old who is &quot;lonely&quot; after a crap nights sleep. 
Is on the road to go to school 
is on the sofa thinking.. CANT W8 FOR FRIDAY to say a proppa goodbye to my kayleigh poos 
is on the train back from london 
is on the train to London. Pretty sad to leave Scotland 
is on the train to Londonto see the last two performances of @SpringWestEnd 
is on the wa to work, soo tired 
is on the way back from college and pretty fed up 
Just came back from the dentist. Had a root canal done!!! Not so painful .. but i still got teary eyes  Ohh and my mouth is ultra numb!!
just came back from the hospital. uuuuggghh, iÂ´m siiiick 
Just came back from the mall. Exhausted but still gonna study for a lil bit. Life's miserable at the moment. Boohoo. 
just came back from training, whew i felt really heavy cause i had short brake 
just came back, we're chillin at our room, enjoying the last hours of vacation  buaaaaaaaaaahhhh :___(
Just came from dentist.. Have to get my wisdom teeth pulled!!!! 
just came from dinner, ehh, not feeling so good  should have just cooked
just came from red carpet night it was amazing! ima miss drama..no awards  omg i wore staletos..or should i say stalet-toes haha &lt;&lt;inside
Just came from the mall knees hurting so bad 
Just came home 2 eat something....have to go back 2 work in 35 minutes 
I'm sooo nervous for my math exam tomorrow! 
Im sooo pissed! 
I'm sooo sleepy at work !!!  F My LIFE !!!
I'm sooo sleepy! But I cant fall asleep 
im sooo sorry i cant follow any 1 back i said ill pay but its not let n me this sucks  how ever ill try my best 2 get at all yall
im sooo tired  im gonna hit the sack gd followers .. sweet dreams .. xoxo
Im sooo tired and have homework 
im sooo tired and i cant sleep cuz my head suddenly decides to hurt..  its almost 3 in the morning! 
I'm sooo tired came in at 5am wake up for 830am for wedding dress fitting and now goin to get my hair and nails done..ah long day 
Im Sooo tired it is an effort to even lift my arms i feel drained may fall asleep and is nervous about tonight  have eaten a bag of sw ...
I'm sooo tired of being sick 
i'm sooo tired! got up at 4am and now i have nothing to do at the office   #squarespace
im sooo tired!!! dont wan't to be here at work 
i'm sooo tired. been up since 9am and since then running errands and stuff. i wanted to go out tonight but i think i'll fall asleep soon. 
I'm sooo tired.. Feel  like ****.... Gotta finish ICT today ! It keeps haunting me..  
I'm sooo tired... But I can't sleep  I have 2 wake up @ 6am 2maro also 
im sooo uncomfortable my back is killin me!!!!! 
I'm sooo...confused. Why I cannot forget him until now??? 
I'm soooo beat down today  soooo tired can't wait until june 15th
im soooo board in college wantin my bed 
i'm soooo boooorrrreeeedddddd today 
im soooo bored right now.,.,.,!! 
im soooo bored someone talk to me 
im soooo bored!!! lala and nobody wants to play with me 
I'm soooo cold, I'm sitting with a hot water bottle.Usually I would put the gas fire on times like this but it got taken out this morning 
I'm soooo confused right now 
i'm soooo frustrated.  so much do to, very little time, no ideas, all alone 
I'm soooo happy just got a phone call from JACK!!!! @MontgomJ LOVE YOU MISS YOU x x  52 days to go!!
im soooo HOT!!!  not like im cute but like its really warm in this room!!!!!!!         , im gonna die!!
I'm soooo hungry  Hmm.. I hope there are food immediately
I'm soooo sad right now! 
im soooo sad. fatty died and i feel so stupid because i cant stop crying. fatty is a fish..WAS a fish. i gave him cpr and everything 
I'm soooo sleepy &amp; sad........waitin 2 take my baby Dolce' (Yorkie) 2 his new temporary family until I move 
Just came Home from graduation. And Already I miss my fav teacher 
Just came home from my late night hype with the second fam. I missed them 
Just came home from School. Nackered! Starving too 
just came home from that damn regents ugh heade to the airport to drop off my mommy...im gunna miss her 
Just came home from the rec... gottta find somethin to do, so text ;D i hope it doesnt rain all day  !!!!
Just came home from work... On a Sunday afternoon.....   
Just came home to an empty house... 
just came home. :] feeling good but i'm afraid something happened to my best friend after her fight weith her boyfriend 
just came home....drained. 
Just came in from a trip to Dairy Queen...its blazin hott out here in the Queens City! I wonder when boo is getting home from work??? 
Just came out the American Express building to pay my mom bill I was sooooo tempted to apply for one  don't wanna do that to myself
just came to realization that today is the last day ill ever spend with the seniors that ive looked up to my whole life. gonna miss you 
Just came to school lol, my mosquito bite hurts 
Just came to work.. ah not feeling well. .  
Just canceled my RSVP for the My Sister's Keeper screening tonight.  Not feeling well 
Just cannot figure out what this is: is it a flu, is it a stomach flu? What ever it is, it's not nice. 
Just cannot get a job.. And its killing me. Anyone know of anything... Please let me know 
just can't be arsed with this exam  3 hours in silence... *sigh*
just cant face the world today 
Just can't get comfy in my bed tonight  maybe if I dream of the bed from vegas I might be able to sleep...
Just cant seem to get started 
Just can't seem to snap out of ZOMBIE Mode...2 day weekends are too short 
Just cant sleep 
just can't wait for monday, why do I have to work all day 
Just can't wait for tomorrow! Edu-fair @@ I'm hungray!!! 
Just can't work without ALL-TIME access to my mailbox!!!  I need mobile internet access desperately... 
Just caught a terrible cold somehow 
just celebrated Father's day with family... whew.. I wanna rest already but f*cking readings just ate my time to rest AGAIN.... 
Just changed the front driver side end link -- didn't even know it was broken. That explains the spongyness when I was driving. 
Just checked and still no 3.0 software up in UK. Gutted. Really wanted to update iPhone before I went to work!! Grrrr 
Just checked balance on Staples &quot;Easy Rebate&quot; card: 0 despite the fact that I never used it. $3-6/mo &quot;service chg&quot; ate up my refund. 
just checked her EnV and had 4 miss calls for an audition! &gt; nooooo 
Just checked in and the franz Ferdinand out today is remixes from tonight.. I kinda thought it would be 
Is on the way home.  .
is on the way to the first job of the day  not enough sleep
is on the way to the hospital to see my grandmother  say a prayer, please.
-is on the way to work soon... i aint got too much longer to lay in bed 
Is on the wrong train to the life group central weekend away 
is on twiter for some reason, gota go now as have got a big exam. and i have just noticed i have lost some followers 
is on twitter cause facebook was banned at work 
is on twitter woot woot! day off today was great back to the grind tomoz 
is once again in tears. This time its The Tudors!! Awww its so sad! Jane Seymour has just died  *sob*
is once again.. disappointed.. wla nnmn si Xtine sa BS  http://plurk.com/p/ywqig
is one more day 
is one sick duck right now. 
is one step forward, two steps back 
Is online banking supposed to be closed on a Sunday? The last thing I need is for my tuition check to bounce because I can't transfer. 
is only aloude 1 smoke a day  is that fare???
is opening his German dictionary since last 2 years or so.. It's amazing how many words I've lost.. 
is oppining her death sentence!!!!!! (report in my hand!!!!!) heart beating soo!! fast x100  x 200
IS OUT FOR THE DAY, BEING A GROWN UP 
im soooo sleepy! i think i might fall asleep before secret life starts!  hahaha
im soooo tired and i have absolutely nothing to do but im not in the mood to go to sleep 
im soooo tired! gotta cut the grass 
I'm soooo tired!!! Everyones so fricken loud that I can't sleep...FML! 
I'm soooo tired. I have to get up at 6:40. Stupid work exp. 
I'm soooo tired... wish I didnt have to get up at 3:30 am.... SAD DAY   Can it be June 26th yet?????
i'm sooooo bored...its lonely living alone! 
I'm sooooo bummed. I've been on the waiting list for 6 months for this awesome tattoo artist and my name finally came up but I have no $. 
I'm sooooo cranky right now, but I don't know why 
im sooooo freeeaaakkkiinnn tiredd!!. ( wla n ko time pra mag comp. ( singit lng 2. ( nkakainis tlg.~!!! nmimiss ko n accounts ko. 
i'm sooooo hungry , can u invite me 2 lunch ? , i'll be a good girl .. I promise 
I'm sooooo hungry!!!!  .....feed me 
I'm sooooo tired  Just woke up because of my new baby cat....now she's playing and I'm trying not to fall asleep ;)
i'm sooooo tired...i have lots of things in my mind.. Help me God.. 
i'm sooooo upset the spurs are gonna trade bruce bowen 
i'm soooooo glad this is my last time at getting up ar 6am. i am soooo tired it's pathetic 
im soooooo over this weather! 10 day forcast...thinderstroms NOOOO! my fam is visiting for the 1st time and its gonna rain everyday 
im soooooo sleepy but if i sleep now i wont wake up in time to do rj 
I'm soooooo sleepyyyy  I can't wait till friday ughhh
im soooooo tired, so much that my head hurts, but i can't sleep! and i have to 
I'm sooooooo hungry  any food donations
i'm sooooooo in love?not really 
I'm sooooooo stupid!!!!!! My sister doesn't come home till tommorow...not today!!!!!!!!! lol! Bummer 
I'm sooooooo tired and I'm gonna be stuck at work for another 4 hours. 
i'm sooooooo tired.. and idk why.. 
I'm soooooooo depressed right now so much on my mind feeling lonely at the moment gesh sumtimes life sucks 
I'm soooooooo hurt guys... You don't even know...  Ida rather pulled my eyes outta their sockets then seen that  I love you !!! 
im soooooooo tired. GN, happy bday bfff pj!! poor dom is sick 
im sooooooooo going to fail maths tomorrow  
IM SOOOOOOOOO HUNGRY  &amp; I don't know what to eat...maybe some bbq
im soooooooooo tired today. And i have to clean up the house! 
just checked inquirer.net. Absolutely nothing on #conass at their Breaking News page. 
just checked my bank account, now i'm lonely AND DEPRESSED. wish I hadn't spent so much money last night 
Just checked my bank balance. I spend like a millionaire despite the fact I am nowhere near as rich as one. 
Just checked our Melbourne water storage. Down to 27%  !MEL http://ff.im/-2YsgD
Just checked out these tags in the Mission, SF http://bit.ly/qiF4f  Now I'm missing The Bay, The Homies and their Fish Tacos 
Just checked the Bands performing on #RaR ... wish I could go there. So many great bands... 
Just checked, pretty sure it's a repeat 
Just checking in...it's movie night w/ the kiddies. Tried to get them into CHESS(which Adam pronounced &quot;cheese&quot;)&amp; they wanted Free Willie 
Just checking my twitter and facebook for some updates and all. And plus, I'm expecting someone's reply on my YM. So sad there's none. 
Just checking. 
just cheddar sandwich for lunch  now a great GLISS Coffee from costa rica fresh fruity but quite a body
is out in melvindale for work.. BOO! I'm super hung over &amp; tired 
is out in the rain, cold and wet 
is out of diet coke 
is out of funding 
is out of hospital following shoulder surgery but in a LOT of pain 
is out of pepsi 
is out of special k with red berries 
Is out walking. I dont want to but my moms making me 
is over all of this... but how on earth do you just end a friendship? argh 
is over the slow internet at work 
is overly tired 
is packed...will be omw to airport in about 4 hours...pretty sad about leaving @sooneriron and my pups... 
is packing for the movie - nightmare 
is packing my  stuff  leaving the A tomorrow *sigh*
Is packing up to leave the beach 
is packing up which consists of giving charity shops all her favorite belongings 
is packing. 
I'm SOOOOOoooooo over this place just wanna go home to my bed 
I'm sooooooooooo sick  not looking forward to work tonight 
im soooooooooooooo booooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrred an i havent even been finished exams for a day  damn you xbox live. damn u to hell
i'm soooooooooooooo happy coz i've received an email from my honey! xoxo.. really missed him so much 
im sooorry i can't stay longer, friends 
I'm sore, achy &amp; exhausted... hopefully, I'll feel better by tomorrow!  
I'm sore, burnt and bruised but I totally want more. But its back to the grind today 
Im sorry  Brian :p
I'm sorry  I don't want anyone blocking me... It's almost 2am, and I'm only getting worse.
im sorry  i love you
I'm sorry  I was really frustrated and just didn't think about anything 
I'm sorry . . I was just trying to be friendly. 
I'm sorry @ellenefron I will stop throwing tylers bobby pins around like there worth nothing 
I'm sorry @j3ssucka!!! I thought I was taking my own car 
I'm sorry brown bear 
I'm sorry but I just don't understand Twitter...AT ALL  
I'm sorry but I never get sick of Jill Scott's A Long Walk . . .I threw out a lyric yesterday and non of you guys caught it 
Im sorry but Jon Gosselin is a big huge JERK!!!!!!  I hated todays episode.... i dont think ill watch anymore...
I'm sorry but the New Moon trailer is so crap. They're all really bad actors IMO  it just sounds so dead compared to the books, for me...
I'm Sorry but.. it's not fair for me to add you and do not add me. That is be selfish 
im sorry catherine and tony 
im sorry cavs...but its gonna be lakers vs magic  give up now!!
I'm sorry D, I talked waaaaaaay to much. I love you 
i'm sorry denver  drivin right past yal too
I'm sorry for all the crap I put my computer through. 
I'm sorry for everyone who was affected by the Airfrance disaster 
I'm sorry for hurting you... that was never my intention 
im sorry for the people whose replying sa post ko.. sensya na talaga im just too lazy to reply 
Im Sorry for your loss  I didnt like you on Charm school . but i still dont want to see anyone loss ppl close to them.
I'm sorry girlz but i'm not coming to your party!  it will probably be a mistake, but whatevs!
I'm sorry guys no K.B &amp; L.Jmatch up this year 
Im sorry Ho-Ho Norris Babe!!!! i didnt mean to! and im sick again 
I'm sorry I can't answer everyone! Don't be angry at me 
I'm sorry I can't be perfect... 
I'm sorry I didn't capitalize your name in my twitter update @fecrisp... 
i'm sorry i hurt you 
is packing. Sad 
Is painting. Its sux 
is paralysed by the pain of a growing wisdom tooth 
is passing out. child development final in the a.m 
is paying bills  and has nothing to cook for dinner  and have lost my phone again  
is paying off not one, but TWO parking fines 
is peeved at the paucity of information about constrained mesh smoothing. It means that I will need to _think_ !  And so, to bed. G'night.
is pissed at tyler he is always to busy for me 
Is pissed bc gas prices r on the rise yet again 
is pissed because Newcastle lost against Fulham and Hull drew against Bolton so.. tada WE ARE IN RELEGATION AGAIN. That's it. We is out. 
is pissed he is missing it. 
is pissed of now cause TweekDeck won't launch! It says its running but its not 
Is pissed off at his xps caz he screwed up the anti virus  gugu help???
is pissed off my edward cullen key chain just broke 
is pissed off. ANNOYING!!!!!!!!! 
is pissed off. I wanted to go downtown for labhours...but it's raining SIDEWAYS in Hingham! 
is pissed she missed The Tonight Show last night 
is pissed that a fundamental structure change is needed for our presentation ! 
is pissed that england won 4-0 and i didn't get 2 watch it 
is pissed that I didn't get to go running today!! 
is pissed... 
Is planning a quick pint with the oasis going rable in a bit , then looking for a gym , rubbish 
is planning on a great night tonight...too bad Kemal can't come!   I hate jagaaaa!
is planning to hammer through the day to try and finish early... bugger, there's a 7pm meeting scheduled  #thisismylife
is playing Farm Town on Facebook - addictive 
is playing La Roux for the near death of my laptop 
Is playing softball then maybe bar with no money 
is playing the sims again, text meeeeee please 
is playing with photoshop... i need a teacher  ! i suck at it .. haha
is playing WoW, at Claire's! And is very hungry  so gonna make Claire make me some food XD hehehe &lt;3 xox
Is pondering... Where can I find a decent load out of Portland Oregon? I've gotten no load offers today... Boo 
Is pooping her pants as she has got a maths exam tomorrow...another U!! 
Is Poorly 
is poorly sick  boo
is poorly, sick and dying!! 
is poorly.  peace and painkillers xxxx
is positive 
Is possibly gona die..im mega tired. N i gota work til 6:30   money is over rated.
Is pouching on the couch! Whinny from this fatasssss headache 
is pouting and sad. The opal from my favorite ring is gone.  I think I'm going to cry dammit. D:
is prayin cuz this thing called a recession that we're in is hittin close to home.....alil too close 
is praying for Tandy, Luke, and family...R.I.P. Baby Issac 
is praying that her friend sees some light before she decides to get married  http://plurk.com/p/xc5yk
is praying that her throat will get better and she'll be able to do the play! Acting is something I can't miss out on 
is preparing for interview #4. . . ughhhhh hopefully this is it! 
is pretty bored and wants to go to Kristen's grad party 
is pretty bored, too bad JV doesn't have practice this week. 
is pretty bummed out today...RIP John O'Donnell you will be missed 
is pretty freaked out by the way David Carradine possibly died..My condolences to the family 
Just chillin at home.  really bored and tired. but im kinda pissed cause my friends mom barrowed my breaking dawn and hasnt givin it back 
Just chillin at the casa! Don't even want to think about cleaning the bathroom! ugh!!! lol. 
just chillin in bed but feel pretty crap as the girl i really love i had to delete as i dont knw if its working  badtimes....
just chillin watchin the rain pour down!how depressin 
just chillin, wishign it weren't so cloudy so I could tan 
Just chillin'.. I'm a bit bored boohoo  !
Just chillin... and feeling pretty lazy. I think it was the chinese food. No, it was the donut 
Just chilling, i thing i know how to use twitter now....YES YES YE ...but still have to reset pass word everytime to log in... 
Just chipped my toenail on the back of Brittney's shoe oucheees 
just choked on my green apple jelly green tea. 
Just clanin the house! No fun 
Just cleaned my balcony for the summer... wow, it's much better now, but where have all the flowers gone?  Must get new ones...
just cleaned my ear bare loads cause it was hurting  x
Just cleaned my room, im now starving. Food then back to college  work 
Just cleaned out our kitchen bin...I fear for my life 
Just cleaned out Riley. So Sam can have a car. It's the end of an era 
Just cleaning my room  BOORING 
Just cleared his inbox and didn't recieve his new texts.. What if it was you 
Just climbed up 10 stories of stairs to get to his room...elevator's broken.  Hope it's fixed tmrw so I don't have to lug my suitcase down
just clipped the straightener on my ear  ouch
Just closed about 15 charts- and ordered pizza for the office- I've also been told that I have no life b/c I am working on my day off. 
just coem back from Londres.  Didn't get to buy anything... 
Just come across my first toshiba zif hard drive, gotta order a special adapter off ebay to get data 
Just come back from a lovely walk from the shops but now i have to start Chemistry revision 
just come back from college with past exam papers .. now for the revision 
just come from dentist two stitches and pain I want to cry 
just come in from work, oooooo long night  bad DJ says it all really
just completely screwed up the geography exam, i feel like crying i really wanted to do well 
Just contacted Metro Customer Relations. Still disturbed by the bus that stole a bike &amp; almost killed the owner. Composed, yet defeated 
just cooked scrambled eggs and fried mushrooms for dinner. neither the eggs nor the mushrooms survived! feel so bad now  ... not 
Just cooked, roast chicken, gnocchi and cauliflower cheese... The gnocchi went unappreciated by some.. 
just coped dat RED FACTION...PoW...imma never be productive again lmao 
Just copied large block of code and pasted somewhere to get functionality up and running quickly. GOD I fell so dirty!   #antipatterns
just coughed up some swine flu... gonna go quarentine myself 
Just couldn't go to carnival!  Was too worried about getting up early for bootcamp! Had fun @ abbey and came home to sleep for bootycamp!
just couldn't keep it together today 
just cracked a rockstar, studying language development for awhile.  
just crammed 4 test 75,80,60,80 ( C,B-,F-B-) i gotta retake f tomorrow  78 more test then done with high school
JUST crashed my car or w/e. windshield completely broke and the airbag hurt bruised my hands 
just cremated my supper  here's hoping that my smoke detector doesn't go off!
Just cried a little  Is so sad....Ian Crawford we will miss you!
just cried all the way through the final episode of ER... and the 'previously on ER' documentary about it! 
just cried at Bodyguard for the tenmillionth time 
just cried her eyes out 
just cried his eyes out watching the live video of nick &amp; miley performing. 
just cried like no other watching the movie seven pounds... ahh so sad 
Just cried my eyes out watching My Girl.  Its soooo sad. Good film though.
I'm sorry i'm imposing. 
I'm sorry I'm not communicative folks.  I'm very ill and starting to get very grumpy about it.   It's just better if I don't talk.
im sorry im such a failure at tweeting.  im new to this!
I'm sorry I'm the worst person ever 
I'm sorry jordan...  I don't know wtf ethan is up to anymore...
I'm sorry of people of the plain that flet down..  
i'm sorry people are dumb.  @MRMcLovin12085 : tired from work. i need a massage soo bad I have learn that people you use to hang out d ...
I'm sorry people, still editting photos. 
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to do all my good mornings today  busy morning.. Hope u all have a fabulous day!! God bless
Im sorry that i was mean today. It's just that i dont know how to react when you acted that way..  &lt;/3
I'm sorry that we've had to cancel our Boca show tonight. Only way we can logistically make it to Jimmy Fallon show 
im sorry that you died 11 days in @mick1922 on oregon trail im not a good trail leader apparently...your hubby didnt survive either  sorry
im sorry to everyone at nicoles party who may have been there when i was in a bad mood  i really fucked this one up guys sorry
i'm sorry to my tweeps i dunno how to fix my twitter  sorry for the msg's and anything else strange from me
im sorry wee dog  sleep tight Tucker, you're already being missed xxxx
im sorry, but im soo mad, and sad 
I'm sorry, homophobia is just wrong. 
I'm sorry, it was planned before you and I started talking about going away  I'd much rather go with you, though! @Majabuhl
I'm sorry, spanish textbook, I have neglected you... 
I'm sorry. I've ruined everything between us. forgive me? 
im sosososo sad, i should be seeing cory lamb in a few hours  i love that kid.
I'm spamming tweets. Sorry 
im sry i dident kno. and i kno i did, im sry  what can i say?...
i'm standing here but you don't see me 
Im standing here but you dont see me(8) 
im starting my many hours of work now 
i'm starting not to feel well.having a flu like symptom.errr.in less than a week i will start my review pa naman.grrr. 
Just cried soo hard in Mandy and me 
Just cried watching old One Tree Hill episodes. So sad 
just crossed the kankakee river    i need to go back soon &amp; see my family. *tori*
Just cryed watching greys anatomy. 
just cut her back cause she fell out of bed when a moth landed on her screen, meaning she screamed and freaked out. 
just cut my finger accedently   I guess I'm not that capable to handle a sharp knife after all
just cut my hair!OMG!so shortt.haha.so ur not goin there?im sryy,tdi k ex trus sency,tapi gak lama2, masi sakit kakinya  cium duluuu !!
Just cut my lip on a tin of relentless 
just cut my longest nail 
just dance! haha... right now i really wanna play basketvall but its to dark out 
Just dawned on me that this will be my last ever night's sleep at school. Gonna miss it. 
just decided to download spotify; worst decision ever. EVER. No music at all on it 
Just decided to stop wasting my own time on a thing I can't change - but still love! Don't panic nothing special! Just this ONE thing... 
just declined her free trip to Cancun.    sniff, sniff
just deleted a lot of my music to free up space on my hard drive  
just deleted a spam email with the title &quot;an invisible cloak?!?!&quot; - wish i had read it first 
Just deleted all the stuff on my memory card  Ankle,hedgehog,bird in feeder  Doughnuts...
just delving into New Moon and must put it away for a dr. appt. boooooo 
Just did 10mi on treadmill bc of rain  . King or shld I say queen of the gym goes to jess for doing an awesome workout!!!
Just did a JB on my iPhone 3G 3.0 using redsn0w! Worked like a charm  Too sad people don't realize that the 2,1 ipsw is for 3GS phones 
I'm starting Skin Trade by @LKHamilton &amp; no, it wasn't an ARC 
I'm starting to believe that 'my dog ate my homework' just doesn't sound right at postgraduate level 
i'm starting to feel blue again.  emotional instability for the lose. i'll never watch rg again. 
I'm starting to feel super sick.  Why oh why do I have to work all night??
i'm starting to get concerned:  phone's still on hold and in Kentucky 
I'm starting to get hungry 
I'm starting to get sick, its too warm for me to get sick. The heat is making this 10 times worse. 
I'm starting to get suspicious ((((( 
Im starting to give up on love! Cause each day passes without seeing u 
im starting to hate - matchu: i felt that way a couple of weeks ago, itâ€™s sad  we should hate tumblr... http://tumblr.com/xlw1y9b3n
im starting to hate her..  gosshhh ..
I'm starting to hate waking up before noon. I'm bored, still tired, and there's nothing to do. 
I'm starting to have heart palpitations. Wisdom teeth removal tomorrow  this sucks 
i'm starting to miss him too much again. i wish i'd never saw that photo at all. 
I'm starting to NOT like this day. 
I'm starting to think all the people I follow who live in Houston, don't have tattoos. Hmmm. All these artists and muscians with no tats. 
im starting to think im not cell phone friendly... all of my phones just seem to keep breaking.  *tears*
I'm starting to think my hairdresser cut off more than an inch...i miss my hair  I want it like season 8 of friends J.Aniston long...
Im starting to think we wont stay the whole summer.... 
I'm starting to understand what an icecream feels when it's out of the fridge! 
i'm starting to worry about exams, i'm not looking forward to them  my belly hurts and i need sleep.
im starvin! and i forgot my lunch 
im starving  i need to get changed, because im in my pj shorts :L and it's freezing here!
im starving and want something extremely delicious when i get home.. however, i have nothing to eat at home 
I'm starving like hell. Bring me food. Anyone? Please. 
I'm starving!!!! I'm Looking for a place to eat in atlanta 
I'm starving, but I don't know what I feel like eating. Can someone please come over and feed me? 
i'm starving, but i is poar 
i'm starving, but nothing in the fridge sounds good 
I'm starving. I'm sure dad's gonna come with my dinner only after the match is over. 
I'm starving. So hungry. Hm.. I wonder what's for dinner today. Probably nothing good with my luck. 
I'm starving... But I can't eat anything but rice 
I'm starving... Ugh... I haven't had dinner yet, and it's ten o'clock! 
Just did a weeks worth of science hw..onto studying for spanishh 
Just did an acoustic set at robyns parts lol i think noone was impressed 
Just did like a re-tour of the brook. New panda in front of meijer! Wish i still lived here 
Just did my ankle at football  the next 9 days at work are going to be interesting now! Ouch.
Just did some research on Chrome.. it's not available to me  I have a Apple! D'oh!
Just did something really stupid..aiks! 
Just did the &quot;i just walked through a spider web dance&quot; in front of three cute hiker gurlz  
just did the race for life. i think i might die. blisters everywhere 
Just did the scratch test..yup! Im burned. ouch 
Just died a little on the inside. 
Just disappointed  sometimes you do something nice and it just goes unnoticed
just discovered 6pm.com  i wish i had money to spend 
Just discovered one of the systems I'll be live demo-ing at #EdAust09 is moving servers an hour before my presentation 
Im starving...lol so not wanting show food 
im staying in tonight, got no money  dont drink too much!
I'm steeling myself for the huge void that the Apprentice UK concluding today will leave in my life... Back to grand designs re-runs 
i'm still @ work - overtime.... 
I'm still alive, but I need some miracle. Don't want to feel that kind a pain again.  Yep, I was @ dentists today.
i'm still at criss'. GOD, i stayed asleep and didn't go to college to deliver my process management shizzle  What am i gonna do!
I'm still at the first question  after 3 hours. How cool. I just got distracted - http://tweet.sg
im still at the hospital...like how long does it really take to stitch up a tongue? sigh 
I'm still at work! 
I'm still awake   There's nothing on tv. Grr... I can't fall asleep. I wonder how many sheep I can count to before I fall asleep...
i'm still awake after taking 3 sleeping pills. this sucks.   i feel like i'm slowly deteriorating.
I'm still awake watching Forensic Files. Usually drinking a machiatto knocks me out but I can't sleep.  I gotta get up for work in 5 hours
Im still bhind on 'I'm a Celebrity get me out of here' but I can't stop watching it.  Something bout LDP &amp; Sanjaya on the same show ...
Im still bored and tired... 
I'm still bummed about today.  I need to channel the P!nk in me. SO WHAT! I'M STILL A ROCK STAR! I GOT MY ROCK MOVES, AND I DON'T NEED YOU
im still cleaning up after the person who lived here before me  im tired
I'm still clearing shits 
im still devastated about manchester united losing the UCL final 
I'm still drunk from last night 
I'm still exhausted  work til 8:30...kill me now
I'm still faceless.  Almost got kicked out bcz friends too off shirts (it was so hot in there) and you can't be shirtless in the place.O_O
just discovered princess. she had been outside in the rain all night. my poor baby!!! 
just discovered that i have totally lost my drawing skills 
Just discovered that my Canon Pixma ip5000 will not print more than 600dpi under Ubuntu....dammit, having to try XP in Virtualbox 
Just discovered that Ray Dennis Steckler, dir of &quot;Incredibly Strange Creatures, etc, etc&quot; died in January.  (http://ping.fm/dlzn2)
Just dl google talk on my phine since my love is getting the new iphone and won't have bbm anymore 
just doesnt have the time to twitter 
Just doesnt know what to do about this situation 
just doesn't sleep anymore..  
Just doing some Pyshics/History revision for my exams on monday !  
Just doing some quick work for Media got to leave in a bit  i am going to roast on this bus!!
just done banking - pain was as expected 
just done my interview yoke! woo! im rdy 4 tues...gna b hard bn bak at skul aftr a week off! 
just done planting the garden...hope sun will shine soon! 
Just done the kids their lunch, their now out playing with their friends and the iron is calling my name 
Just donloaded The Tudors 3- 4, can't find subs  tracked on www.trackmyeps.nl
Just don't know what to do anymore 
Just don't know what to do... 
Just down to one flatmate as of tomorrow at about 9:30. I can't sleep. Damn. 
Just downed some whataburger after keeque's game, now nursing his ankle back to health. Don't wanna go to work tommorow 
im still feelin crappy  but my day is lookin up im seein a friend of mine that i have known since i was 3. Yay!!!  later twitters xXx
i'm still full from the buffet at palms.  my stomach actually hurts. ugh gluttony bites.
I'm still hating bus trips  i miss everyone sooo much  specially Kathrin and Lisa 
i'm still here at work.. all alone 
im still horribly ill  send me your love &amp; concern, ahahahaha.
im still ill...almost a week hai so sad 
I'm still in Dubai..wishing I was back in Ireland! 
Im still in KL and my feet hurts! huhu 
im still in loObee with youu angeel! 
I'm still in my bed..just don't wanna get up  school isn't worth it
I'm still in my bus and dilligently tweeting.   Construction on GPW South.    
i'm still in my graduation dress. 
i'm still in shock with my friend jumping down 
I'm still jittery from the coffee from yesterday 
Im still longing for my frozen chocolate banana on a stick 
Im still lookin for someone to accompany me to the chicago blues fest nxt sunday nite.  #chicagobluesfestival
im still losing followers 
I'm still mad I missed that damn fight! 
im still melting and im in the house in the shade  its not fair.
I'm still missing two very important stories.  Is there any chance that any of you downloaded Cahaba Lily or Rex in Exile? I need them.  
I'm still not quite sure about syncing all my iPod Apps to the iPhone  Help.
i'm still packing  someone come keep me company
I'm still perturbed about the reason I didn't have a shoot this morning.   Why am I letting it get me down?
im still putting on weight 
I'm still rambling to everyone about the Khloe story, i think thats why i went looking for a new phone  but still funny huh
i'm still really colddddd  watching BOLT&lt;3 I LOVE EVERYBODY IN THE MOVIE EXCEPT MILEY'S CHARACTER!
Im still really worried, that i havent 'tweeted' that much  will start again tomorrow
I'm still recovering from my unluckiness 
I'm still sad at the fact i missed the Poly Tausala for Photography! 
I'm still sad Orlando lost the first game 
I'm still shocked about what happened yesterday but I am looking forward for going to cinema with Marina &lt;3 hope it destracts me a bit  &lt;3
just downloaded FL Studio, and i have no idea how to use it! 
Just downloaded iPhone 3.0 and am psyched especially about email search!!   What about voice dialing...where is that? 
Just downloaded Mega Man 9. It's retro-hard! 
Just downloaded the tweetdeck app for iPhone just playing about now. Still no 3.0 
just downloaded twitter berry and it doesn't work 
Just downloaded twitterberry! Liv and alex are sleeping next to me but I'm not tired anymore 
Just drank a full bottle of BPM in like 10 minutes, not a good idea 
Just drank that gross medicene again. mom had to force me to drink it.Its so gross.Just be lucky you didnt have to drink it. 
Just drank water to help my sore throat.. Choked. Coughed it up through my nose... Now my nose is in huge pain 
Just driven my dust covered car home  
just droped tim off at the boat ramp for his day of fishin n drinkin... lucky... now im off to fairfield for work... ick 
im still sick   tears 4 me???
Im still sick and i have to go to school and work.  today is going to be no fun
I'm still sick and I'm trying to put in 8 hrs today. It's been a very long day and it probably won't end until midnight. 
I'm still sick from let wednesday  help!
Im still sick of watching movies where they fall in love at the end, but it seems that those are the only ones i pick 
I'M STILL sick. I'm a lil better but stuffy nose and scratchy throat.  @babygyrlxxi is being stingy w/ the meds. ~$kittle$~
im still sleepy.. got only 2 hours of sleep 
I'm still so happy my @Lakers won. I knew they would win. Boo hoo Nuggets 
I'm still stuck here because I don't know where to go 
I'm still stuck.....gotta get going....btw, the carpel tunnel in my left hand is getting bad...another shot? probly  not soon tho.
I'm still tired  I was up til 5am. Gonna meet my friend at jumpin java in a lil while so I gotta up and at it!
I'm still tired?? Wtf  boo on that
im still trying to figure out this twitter thing! 
I'm still trying to figure out this whole twitter thing, and the help files aren't the greatest. 
i'm still unsure how i can twitter my text messages, so if this works, let it be known that my stomach feels like hell. 
I'm still up &amp; I cannot sleep 
I'm still up and it's 4 in the morning. It's more light out no than before... :O This is bad for me... 
I'm still up and its almost 3am. I have to wake up at 7am. 
i'm still up at 1:00am and i have school tomorrow!! this sucks ass 
Im still waiting for people to follow me    Medina and I Love Lucas and
i'm still waiting for somebody to tweet with.. 
I'm still waiting for the #iPhone OS 3.0 Update. It's 04:00pm here in Germany and still no Update online.  #Apple @ijustine
I'm still waiting to hear back from college! How annoying. Wish i had an ipod charger  miss my skullcandys
Im still working on videos!! Im SOO tired 
just dropped  Tay off to visit her father for 2 wks. i miss her already 
just dropped @thesansinator off at the airport.  so sad.
Just dropped a pine bed on my toe and smashed the shite out of it, blood everywhere, 1st thought was shit I can't ride ! Gutted 
just dropped a ten pound weigh on my foot 
Just dropped Adolf off at his boarding house. Breaks my heart to be away from the little furball for so long. 
Just dropped and broke one of my MAC Mineralized Eyeshadows... 
Just dropped and cracked plastic back of iPhone. 
just dropped creamy soda down my top &gt;=/ anyone down for cleaning it for me? rofl. i'm serious, i cbf. 
Just dropped Elliot off. Won't see him again till August (probably). Sad sad sad sad sad. 
just dropped her boo off at the airport  now goin back to bed!!!
Just dropped her phone in the sand  uh oh, now it has sand in all its little cracks and crevices :*-( ~Ms. Mayhem~
just dropped kayla off.  I luh dat gurl
just dropped my biscuit in my tea 
Just dropped my Blackberry, now the back keeps falling off  ... wonder if I need a new back cover, or a new Berry altogether
Just dropped my brand new phone and now it won't work. Have to exchange it  so Pissed.
Just dropped my daddy off at the airport.. Sad he's missing fathers day 
Just dropped my earphones in the brownie mix  that sucks!
just dropped my honey off at work in houma  have finals this week, 2 papers-3800 words total, yikes!
Just dropped my Hubby off @ the airport  I'm for sure going to miss him 
Just dropped my iPhone, sim popped out, nice new dent  please let there be a big announcment at WWDC tomorrow!!
just dropped my man off at the airport.  See ya in 3 weeks! Or more like 20 minutes. *chuckle chuckle*
Just dropped my mom off at the airport!  I love my mom! She's the best! After 2 weeks here, I feel like I don't kno what to do w/ myself.
Just dropped my phone in the toilet.. 
Just dropped my phone on the street for the very first time! It's all scratched Up. My poor baby!!! 
Just dropped my son off at his last day of preschool. 
Just dropped my son Zaq at the airport...... miss him already 
Just dropped off Carm @ the airport. Bleh, I'm not good at goodbyes. What a way to start the day 
just dropped off Miley to the vet,getting fixed today. she was all happy too, had no idea what was going to happen. shes going to hate me 
Just dropped off my Dad and brother  They're leaving for two weeeeks, boooo
Just dropped off Oscar at work 
Just dropped off the little one with Granny Lanny Tranny. Its so sad to see her go. 
Just dropped one of our nice handmade bowls from about 4 inches above the floor...and it shattered 
I'm stranded @ the house w/ no car, and my carâ€¦is puked in. 
I'm stranded at home because my sunroof is broken and its raining out and I'm eating triscuits and cheese cause I have no groceries. 
I'm stressed out  I'm breaking outt ... this sucks... always breakout when somethings important the next day!
I'm stressing like crazy  It sucks cause this kind of crap only happens to people like me.
im stuck at home today, all day - quite depressed as i have no money to buy clothes or makeup or even go anywhere 
I'm stuck at home with a cold and no voice! Feeling sorry for myself 
I'm stuck at work, alone-- doing paperwork.   I'm hungry.
I'm stuck awake in the middle of the night for the second day in a row. And I felt terrible yesterday. 
I'm stuck choosing between 2 totally different lyrics for a particular tune...they both work but which one works better...? What a pickle 
I'm stuck in a van for 8. Hours and I'm hating it already....I've only been in it for 3 hours 
I'm stuck like a bitch trapped in hell I swear 
i'm stuck on checkouts. Going crazy. Massive props for cashiers and hatred for cashiering. Want my dept. back now.  
I'm stuck on my assignments. I have no idea. And due date is in two weeks 
I'm stuck on the dlr so no concert 
I'm stuck sitting at my work desk on a beautiful Saturday! BUMMER!!! 
I'm studyign for all three of my bloddy SACs nextweek 
I'm studying for my finals the period before i take them... Nothing ever changes LOL. I'm going to fail 
i'm studying maths   It sucks big time
I'M STUFFED!!!! Bangers &amp; Mash.....Yahhhh Might not be here too long either as we seem to have a storm overhead! Me don't like 
I'm stuffed, I've eaten everything and anything today  
I'm stuk in tha place, again, where EVERYTHING goes wrong. It won't stop rain'g &amp; tha doesn't help. I need my Vitamin D from the sun! 
I'm stumped hahah I wanted to go late night 
I'm stunned. Rafa's out of the French Open! Shocked and stunned.  hope it helps out Andy Murray tho.
I'm successfull. And she supports me. Stoopid drunk.. Hahhahahaa. Still hurtin bc tuwana isn't allycia. 
Just dropped the car off at rdu.  i dont want to go home.
Just dropped the pup off to get spade 
just dropped the scenekick in the washer 
just dropped the wrong sodding database 
Just drove by ekota. I miss playin ball thurr.   Good times.
just drove by NBC's Burbank lot and the line for Leno is wrapped around the building.  Longest I've ever seen. Leno's last show 
Just drove by the Morrison, CO exit where the Karwoskis now live...  
just drove from fgag to home!! car stalled on the main road and i fully panicked!  was quite scary!!
Just drove out of TN  into KY
Just drove over a dead armadillo 
Just drove past casey... 
Just drove past my fav sushi place and my stomach just punched itself in the face.... I miss u Toro Sushi.... 
just drove to nearby shop to take license picture. it's AS BAD. sigh. i hate taking passport/license pictures. 
Just dusted &amp; vacuumed apartment.  I think I need another new vacuum...my entire apartment is smoky.  I just bought this one from Kmart 
Just dyed my hair red and turned out to be a complete mess 
Just eaten !! How bad  ohh well the party is guuud xoxo
Just eaten 2 crumpets, very nice but I'm so full now I doubt I will manage much Sunday lunch 
Just eaten a load of maoams now feel sick 
just eaten pasta &amp; i still feel sick  i need some paracetamol but ill be sick when i swallow it. think im gonna lay off drink for a while!
Just edited about a million photos of cats, none of them for lolz. 
just emailed amy in Vietnam. I miss her sooo much  hope she's okayyy.
Just ended my nightly phonecall with the bf... I miss him.  8 more days till we see each other for the weekend!
Just enjoyed the Lifehouse video, &quot;Everything&quot;...the man who &quot;plays&quot; Jesus looks like my son, Jeff. Jeff died 13 years ago.  I miss him.
I'm such a bad cook. 
I'm such a bad loser!    If only I had come up with the helmet idea sooner......
I'm such a chicken 
I'm such a chicken  ugh
I'm such a delicate country flower. London has me sneezing, snuffling and itching. Icky 
Im such a dork! !!!  I dont want to go to school tomorrow. or ever. 
Im such a dumbass 
i'm such a frequent flyer noob...signed up for flying blue but didn't register my first flight 
im such a lazy bum bum. luggage still unpacked.  help?
I'm such a little girl still, I bawled my eyes out saying bye to my mom  I'm on my way....nyc--la--warped
im such a saddo- im excited about a movie TRAILER never mind the actual movie?  not goodd x
I'm such a slacker these days!!! 
im such a worrybug sometimes 
I'm such an old lady 
im sucha insomniac....jeez 30 mins of sleep 
I'm suddenly feeling like I really missed out by not having a pass to @LOHASForum this year #LOHASForum 
I'm suffering a bit of Friday afternooness.  Going to do all the things I never get around to doing - like clean my office 
I'm suffering from sunburn.   I didn't think I was getting much sun because it was overcast...
I'm sulking cos Adam didnt win American Idols     Nothing against Kris - he's good but guess Americans are too conservative for Adam
im sunburned  burnt toast anyone? it's worth the tan tho 
im sunburnt  but i jacked brandons AMAZING smelling aloe &amp; cucumber lotion! ha, today was a success.
i'm sunburnt on my arms, and i have burnt my mouth, and some skin is coming off 
im super bored now..!! somebody tell me what to do.haha and ive only got 1 cca point so far 
I'm super bored please! Sianz  - http://tweet.sg
I'm super depressed about my test score   next time I have to do better
i'm super disappointed by mothers day.  my roast turned into i can't be bothered, i'll buy tea instead, and then changed to i'm going...
I'm super disappointed in Eminem...his latest album appears to be quite shiteous. 
im super excited for anime-con!!! @krownz I am sad Comic-con is sold out, I wanted to go again 
Im super Hungry &amp; tired! Was up all night &amp; haven't eaten since yesterday 
I'm super hurting  send me good vibes today pwease 
I'm super sad at the moment! 
im super sad today....  I hate everything today!!!
I'm super sleepy  think it's time to retire now. Nite all.
I'm super super sad.. 
Im super tired and i did nothing 
I'm super tired and kim off till friday is no more 
im super tired at work im considering sleeping on my desk, i slept terrible last night  time for a new bed
im super tired, my eyezz ahhh. i got a haircut  i wanted to let it grow but i had a lot of split endzzz 
I'm SUPERDUPERBORED! this diamond freak out woke me up from my nap  Carmen always puts my stray things inTHEmost retardo place but I&lt;3her
im supposed to be doing homework 
i'm supposed to be going out tonight but now i have to fill in for some shows cos another girl called in sick... Not fair 
I'm supposed to be in Myrtle Beach!!! 
im supposed to be in twitrehab too but i relapsed 
I'm supposed to be making pies... stupid Cool Whip is still thawing 
I'm supposed to be Ms. Twitterology 
IM SUPPOSED TO BE ON TIME OUT!!!   MAKING CRAZINESS THOUGH
I'm supposed to be studying 
i'm supposed to be writing an essay but i am accidentally hungover 
im supposed to make a video over the summer and I still cant find my camera 
@Keryje about 2 mins #blackberrystorm camera is amazingly slow  miss you too babes
@kesby1989 We all have those days.  Every industry has it's downfalls!
@KeSchlie sold out. $150+ on ebay  but i think our gambling skills aren't good enough.
@keshandkitty HAHAHAHAH the last bit made my day lol ive had a shitty day  x
@keshav You did the right thing. I know that he 'cen't' sing 
@Keshia79 bored....and he's sleep and nothin's on tv 
@kesouthall belfast is good. nice and sunny. currently making a blogging plan for the week. office on a sunny sunday? 
@kesouthall looks like a very wet evening ahead 
@kessho She said she will make me a cake and that's it. 
@kessiewashere 7 days seems like 7 years right now 
@kessler I'm still trying to find affordable hotel first before I book the bus.  Will determine my return trip.
@KessM sorry  how'd it go?
@kessycat doofe post ist doof 
@kestagg I had tickets an everything. Improv nationals ended up being the same week though  I think they are still on ebay, didn't sell
@ketanraturi That is not good 
@ketnos pepper is dead   the cpu fan wire got cut somehow and it burnt to death
@ketpoc22 yo ho, what's going on? i'm bored @ work... 
@KetPrincess i taught my teacher it and jess called me a weirdo 
@kettiby sad face 
@Kettums youtube isnt being very nice to me.  either that or my internet isnt.
@kettyfriendly it was in the pocket of my dress and it must've fallen out  i think the bf is buying me a new one for my bday though!
@kev_mck Hi Kevin, sorry I missed you. I was trying to figure out if I was going to go up today or not. Crappy weather 
@kev_mck oh no! What happened to yours?! 
@kev_xu it's fine. Hope it's useful. Some of them are really hard though 
@Kev5890 we're having trouble connecting on Tiger for league....keep getting booted 
@kevagreer http://twitpic.com/7n88t - keva get that down 
@kevcooke wish you were away with me too  we should come down on the TRAIN! Love you x
@kevdog  whack job?
@KevFP yeah i think it just depends on what you're doing with it, but at least im getting it for free  ill miss my sk though
@KeviKev that...saddens me to the core. 
@kevilidangg: Awwwww betchhh!  May your batmans RIP.
@kevin___206 Not yet!  R U gunna meet @misswhadevr tonite? How fuuuun... I miss our Oh La La times 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine I can't believe I missed the session  I heard it was NICE!
@Kevin_AnR_Shine I wish I could come to ur July 15th event but I'm stuck in Chicago. 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine twitterholic! lol need a birthday bash ticket u got an extra one?btw still haven't gotten a response to my email from u 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine you talking about Friday? Yeah I was a lil stressed. And when I get like that, it's written all over my face. 
@kevin_choo do you know how to? 
@kevin_nealon supposed to rain here in Chicago tomorrow. 
@kevin1685 I don't think I'd be able to make Memphis work. I have my kids that week.  Couldn't find good tickets for Vegas.
@kevinayP Well...it kinda works. But there's the spam problem. 
@kevinbaby hmmm... maybe its screwed up somehow... 
@kevinbaldueza that is how i spent my 420 also. 
@KevinCapretto well i can't wait to see your face!!!!! miss you sooooooooooo much!!!! and you and caitlyn are bitches. 
@kevincottrell hey there! unfortunately no  . funny thing is...i spent several years not getting sick at all. already had this same thing
@kevindavis1914 @taylorblack said no  ...she'll b @ home in 5mins to tweet u lol
@KevinDavis1914 i joined 
@kevindjohnson Sorry bout the Cards 
@KevinDollarSign I just got wrecked on the internet 
@KevinDoyle you, that - it can't - there's no - it can't be true!!  
@KevinDurant35 Switch divisions pls. As a Nuggets fan, you and Jeff give me nightmares  Joking aside, you're gonna be a legend.
@KevinEdwardsJr yeah i feel you lol but you said you was gunna follow me when you went live and you still didnt 
@kevingma oh no that's stupid!    sorry.
@KevinHart4real  I must've missed it.
@kevinhoctor Sure am, booking flights and tickets this week... hopefully see you there! I have regular sized business cards now though 
@kevinii: I fail at toy story  I'm always like..the beaver level.
@kevinism Yes, but your weekend is far more interesting than mine. 
@KevinJ_ll Pillow punching? Glaring....really freaking me out here, Kevo. 
@KevinKer Rough.  We spent 2+ hours removing tile from a 1' x 3' hearth. hah. and the actual fireplace is crooked.  Only 2 lessons so far 
@kevinkirchner it was in a plastic bag. 
@kevinkuntsickle ha i know! D: but as of right now i am 
@kevinlewy I'm going with like 5 people. I'm not gonna be able to get my tickets till like next week  do you think ill be ok?
@KEVINLOO felt guilty miss so many leaders meeting 
@kevinlovesabby lol tell her always welcome and keep safe. i know ur not my messenger lol, but cant go to new york 
@kevinlovesabby oh, its still school and im having another vacation, life's good.. haha, and gotta say i miss dancing and cheerleading 
@kevinmarquis haha yep but i really need to sleep, i feel like crap lol cant sleep when he's away  god i'm pathetic!
@kevinmasch oh no sorry to hear that 
@kevinmax they look as if they have some sort of disease... 
@kevinokeefe I can't imagine no Globe. I'm a native BeanTown girl whose pseudo-godfather was a senior editor there. Sad. 
@kevinplantan LOVE Gruden. I was a big fan of his at Tampa. Wishing he hadn't left 
@kevinpollak who are your guests tonite - missed last week w/holiday  
@kevinpollak why are you not going to be in the expendables? 
@kevinprince I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
@kevinprince I didn't understand that   Try commands like 'Buy 30 #tag' or 'Sell 30 #tag'
@kevinpsb ahhh, so sorry  I have a possible paid gig but it's not for much $$ &amp; not until next month  But it's writing, so yay!
@kevinrendon I love taking pics. My friend just lost my camera I just bought 2 weeks ago. 
@kevinriley Video  are you going to sell the pdfs/cheatsheet which are not video
@kevinrose I'm very anti-metallica mainly because if the whole Napster ordeal. I miss the old Napster. 
@KevinRuddPM Dear PM, People who got all their tax back (&amp; didn't make 'enough $') need a stimulus package more than big earners!! 
@KevinRuddPM i wish the opposition would stop talking the economy down 
@KevinRuddPM Wheres my $900 Im a poor uni student too 
@Kevinsbum thanks! he is looking good, but its hard to find a bad piccie of him! &lt;3 lol lucky you, BZ tour over 4 me this year 
@KevinSpacey @KevinSpacey your still tops in my books, it just would have been nice to see you there.   
@KevinSpacey a thrill of anticipation here,still not seen  well congrating for a night show wont do,think thats stupid.But will enjoy w.y.
@KevinSpacey awww so sorry, i will surely miss seeing u on there 
@KevinsPlectrum that sounds like such a good idea! we could give it to the change for children charity. only problem is me + running = 
@kevinthefrog oh that really stinks!!! 
@kevintikitang i wish i had a muffin to munch on for breakfast. 
@Kevirus I loled  Does that mean everything involving a calculator?
@Kevirus I will! Next year  It'll go by fast again though. I need to start to research colleges again.
@kevjumba I would just like to say that your jumbafund videos make me miss my first year of college @ the dorms 
@kevjumba isn't that always the case...sigh 
@kevjumba Omg look at all those murderers and murder victims! What a violent school you had ha, oh my. 
@kevo_m careful with those dollar menu stocks, they're just as dangerous as the $LSDfinancials 
@Kevo32A Ah poor Kev, that's harsh! Don't worry, we'll be coming over next weekend. I'm sorry, I should have said it to you too 
@KevoJonas Spanish fans were a little bit sad...because you leave the concert without saying goodbye..  PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE REPLY MEE!!!
@kevolution I didn't see any of it, and I'm glad. I honestly think he's fed up with the coaching. He wanted Sasha in but MB wasn't on it. 
@kevridesthecab na stuck na rin sa akin yung song 
@kevshawn  for trying to not get you drunk! last time i try to help, fuck it we are getting wasted then!
@kevslady Yup. Didn't go into office today. 
@KevTheBaptist cheers kev! My comb is actually massive and my hair isn't big enough yet  but I do have one!
@kevwilliamson  dang! should still be pretty damn awesome anyway!!
@kevwilliamson Ah that does suck!   I have faith that you can still capture the feel of the original without her though!
@kevwilliamson NO NO!!  NEVE WONT DO IT? WHY? OH NO! OH NO            THIS IS HORRIBLE  my heart just sunk 327150491578432091 feet
@key_rawr nothing haaar. studying :| got 2 massive tests soon  u?
@keyerror hey hey hey I DNT APPRECIATE U USIN MY NAME WHEN IT'S INSULTING ME 
@Keyknow oh man I can't believe you're back at the Jazz Cafe tonight &amp; I'm a few blocks away 
@keylahtia yes I'm starting to feel the effects of humidity 
@KeyLimePatty She actually didn't show up until well after I sat down.  The tea tonight was lousy too.
@keylolo1975 nothing at all 
@keylynn I would but that costs cashmonies in gas 
@keynk ur not going anywhere today key? School start monday  sucks.
@KeyonaVSKeyonce aaaaaah!!! 84-99 orlando  4th quarter, 2 mins left
@KeyondraRenee lol round my way the shut them jawns down lol 
@keyoperatedzero Zero,  sad. I dont like it. Sings happy song to ZERO! ILY!
@keysgoround That thread does not exist 
@keytar still!! give your computer a break omg 
@keza34 aint had a lessong in 2 - 3 weeks as been in college 5days a week  lol
@keza34 Hey Kelly, glad yet another agrees ;)  I still think Susan Boyle will win it though 
@keza34 I would of shared if he asked  but he theifed it 
@keza34 if it rains it'll get more muggy 
@keza34 lmfao ooo sounds like a plan, god wish i was going out 2 night haha  god it not good haha
@keza34 lol i know 
@keza34 lol not in the bin aswell i'll be the only 1 left  hmmm can we get a cat? tho lmao jj
@keza34 noo  Im the good girlie  @nessie111 will have to be a bin girl to lol :p
@keza34 oooo yeah he bn work today  #twittertakeover
@keza34 revision and thats about it 
@keza34 that not nice mom 
@keza34 yup. Need good grades so need to revise 
@kezbat i can't just yet 
@kezbat though i must say he he didn't do much motivational shouting during the game, AWJ did more of that in 15 mins than POC did in 80 
@kezhound I am sorry about my comments I made about Barb. I love her to death and her work. It made me cry when I couldn't finish Tal. 
@kezhound Your not going to the ball are you? 
@Kezxx  Yehuh  i really dont know whether to or not..
@Kezxx yeah he's a bit of a baby face alright!!! but we're all gettin old now  !
@kezzabear1023 no its not, he stupidly cheated on me 
@kezzi21 Luckier, than the people here in Germny ;-) Today very cloudly... 
@KezzieN And I would say that i rather work than study. Exams are close and i'll have to study 3 weeks non-stop  ..what a life !
@KezzieN I blocked over 15 this week and they still keep coming 
@KezzieN it's something like &quot; the horny Kitty&quot;?? she's fucking always following me 
@kfaris10 Wuh- wuh- wuh what about lauren?  lol
@kfcarrie yeah, seems like he'd be a whiny drunk 
@kfed I suck. I would never have thought of that...HT bakery has ruined me 
@kfeeley Aw, I still miss you like crazy though 
@kFenolio  sorry you're having tweetdeck issues! That stinks!
@kfkangaroo I'd love that but I have to work.  they're implementing a new computer system so I have to go in.
@kflannn can't BFF I have a relayy meeting  tomorrow after school?
@kflosworld missed you  we're sorry @montanatucker loves u - her fone died.
@KFLY225  hope all is well
@kfoxxy07  I'd go see Jamie with you!
@kfoxxy07  Kay entertain me lol I'm bored
@kfrags we need to finish dance party in a kitchen   WHENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN. next weekend?
@KFZuzulo Lilacs are so beautiful, I don't have those in my yard  I only have weeds lol
@kg_creative apparently it didnt work 
@kg86 But E63 is plastic body!  What about button mash?
@kgalyon But I can't whistle 
@kgard never too early for fantasy FB! Wish they had fantasy leagues for NCAA, I barely watch NFL anymore-I guess that's illegal, though 
@kgarvich  Sorry sweetie
@kgasso I'm sorry to hear about Maggie's grandma. 
@kgasso Jeez...  Not that it would have made it easier either way...
@KGavin thanks Kacie 
@kgilla wish i coulda made the concert 
@KGKeller I actually laughed out loud on this one. 
@KGMB9 did you guys just show my pic???? i missed it  can i watch it some how? lol
@kgreenb3 LOL. He was so mean to me  totally uncalled for!
@kgtv I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@KGvsDramaKinG I gotta work 
@KGWSunrise BB you're going to have to put it on you tube. I'll be on my way to work then 
@khaberlack  What?!  You have rain?  Send some down here!  Apparently us south of the lake folks are missing out 
@khainguyen10 ahhh shoulda told me earlier! 
@khainguyen10 course I remember you. I remember meeting you a while back.. USA nationals? Haha. Saw you just nvr had the chance to say hi 
@KHAIRAFRIENDS na yr, tayari ho hee nai rahi..... lagg hee ni reha k parso paper hai...!  what about you?
@KhairulHaq i wish for that too 
@KhairulHaq okay, i have no idea where  im sorry
@khaisater las + escuchadas en mi iTunes son Take me to the riot-357, Your ex-lover is dead-302ï¿½ mi iTunes estï¿½ bien pero me quedan 2GB 
@khaled white mb battery, online or from Jed? mine is almost dead 
@khaledalhourani But I need people with me, I'm very tiered after all, I'm the one who should run those systems  since I have no one wor..
@khali_blache *hugs* for you m'dear... 
@khali_blache IKR it was squashy. 
@khali_blache I'll have to tell Creator to put in a proper mouth. I'm having to liquidify them and inject them. Loses the flavour. 
@khali_blache no riches?  Boo. I shall be posting the speshul item to you tomorrow...
@khali_blache Si-iiiiin 
@khaliefkhadafi I cant my party is tonite 
@khaliefkhadafi your exactly right...is a Libra a water sign? I had some undeniable chesmitry w/ my ex who was a Libra but he broke my &lt;3 
@KhalifM I will! The water is off in my loft right now so I had to postpone lunch 
@khalisssha i miss u 2 khal!!! yg follow gw 34, dikit ya 
@khanisha and I'm sure tomorrow he'll be filming OUTSIDE in plain view just cuz I won't be there lol all I saw today was the umbrella 
@khanna I honestly didn't write it! i have no clue who did 
@khatja nuuu misha collins needs to win 
@khayadlanga when Bafana is playing I find that a 0 is always a good guess .. sadly 
@khbubbles of course I am just now getting this! Sorry I missed. You! I wouldent have been abelt to anyway though 
@kheeyong my stockings is tearing off 
@kheimmy lol damn I feel the same way but mine pays 
@khendrastic ....well since u put it that way 
@kheningburg my little sis and I are supposed to be having a sleep over on friday, so...no can do  if that changes, i'll be there.
@khens2 yes 
@khensu83 really Khen? 
@khimmy_j damn girl i thought u knew 
@khindraharper it was so good to see you and makayla today! I really really really really really miss y'all.   *sigh*
@Khizman work 
@Khleo_t &amp; what's going on with Hurricane Season?? is it coming out or not  lol
@KhloeKardashia i'm glad everything went ok at the show, Khloe! i'm from italy and i couldn't call u  what the prefix numba to call there?
@KhloeKardashian .. I need your help 
@KhloeKardashian @KhloeKardashian i got through on the phone!! but it hung up on me!  now its busy
@KhloeKardashian I called you like 78 times!! it was busy 
@KhloeKardashian i cant get threw!! this sux! 
@KhloeKardashian I can't seem to be able to hear your show 
@KhloeKardashian I DO! But I can't go 
@KhloeKardashian I was in the storm my apt still has no power and my lexus is flooded  can't get up to my apt on the penthouse awful 
@KhloeKardashian i was on hold..Ashley     MY PHONE LOST SERVICE!!!!
@KhloeKardashian I would be, but I'm a lazy ass! I need some motivation. 
@KhloeKardashian khloe answer to your fans on twitter... u never do 
@KhloeKardashian Sadly not mee, Im going to Vegas in August  Have a great time there!
@KhloeKardashian The Kardashians are quite... my twitter doesn't feels soooooo Empty.... 
@khloekardashian the phone lines are busy  i was totally gonna call and talk bout your tweets!
@KhloeKardashian working in the 100 degree heat. 
@KhloeKardashian WOW Lauryn Hill... she used to be a client of mine at my old job, and i have to say she's not the nicest.. 
@KhloeKardashian wow..u really do want some sex questions..but i would call but i don't want to get in trouble..sorry 
@KhloeKardashian yup...the weather has been terrible lately.  hurricane season sux!
@KhloeKardashian, I love you! you are soooo funny!! &lt;3 i want make a brazilian fan site about you, but is so hard!!  xx love you
@KhloeKardashian: I wish I had long distance so I could call and chat you up, boo!!! 
@khlovess22 THANSK I AM GONA DEBUT PROBBALY NEXT WEEK THOUGHT BECAUSE OF SKOOL( FINALS 
@khluvr621 that's unfortunate 
@Khoa_Huynh I haven't worked since October! Moved to Liverpool and can't find a job  does seem strange that we graduated a year ago now!
@khodgkin1 Not of the female variety. It's sort of an &quot;old boys&quot; network.  
@kholly  ... wish I was there! Have fun! See you tomorrow! I hope we are sitting with you and Jamie at the reception!
@khootm friday: i'll be there! tho poss hungover, it's NW's largest interactive awards night b4, catching 7am train to London fri am 
@KHOPJackPaper I second that vote.. no more spiedi!!  P.S. you don't follow me on twitter..and it hurts! 
@khorst I'm thinking FAD!  
@KhosiButhelezi Fundi Ngcobondwane  via soccer: its more an oportunity i squandered, by atempting a career in stealing cars n fraud lol
@khouryrt sorry 
@khrism Oy. I really need a different job... is Gap hiring? 
@khristopherr  you can't leave Twitter!
@khunbirdie  life was so much better when we were kids. No need to worry about anything.
@khuntley i wish it could be me!!!   any of the mark taylor apartments are really nice though! check them out!
@khushi4all àªœà«?àª“, àª®à«‡àª‚ àª¬à«€àªœàª¾ id àªªàª° àª¥à«€ signup àª•àª°à«?àª¯à«?àª‚, àª›àª¤àª¾àª‚ àª¤à«‡àª®àª£à«‡ confirmation mail àª¨àª¥à«€ àª®à«‹àª•àª²à«?àª¯à«‹ àª¹àªœà«?.. 
@KHY_MOney Neva did I kno u was home biddy nd spliff dun  I'm on my way to da hospital
@ki11j0i   You may want to wait until AFTER summer to visit the Central Valley ... Weatherman said it will be triple digits next week 
@KiaFab2 sounds like a plan. It will be just me tho. M is not feeling well and at his moms. 
@KIAFBABY y u aint tell me 
@KiahBoo16 nobody invited me!  LOL
@Kiamba i would say hulu/nbc.com, but i'm sure they are blocked in canada unfortunately. 
@Kianao4444 I wish I could have been there dude 
@Kianasaurus - Bear just crunched my leg 
@kianaxoxo: true! Right when I thought I was getting better today I got worse again! 
@kiannabanks lol me either I miss my boo  I think I should fine a backup boo lol
@kiannasick doesn't want to talk to me while she poops    that means were not bffs@!!!!
@kianzztar She's old  Not eating, can hardly walk... she's off to the vets soon, am worried she wont come back 
@Kiara004 now i wish i was going  to sac anime 
@kiaradianexxx We missed you last night 
@kiarajonas :O SERIOUS ! you are so lucky, it isn't out here yet 
@kiarajonas haha how funny would that be! but nick would probs be like. umm okay wtf obsessed freak ew! haha, and then i will cry  haha x
@kiarapense dammit your background is good! last day w/ 8d tomorrow. 
@kiarapop akfjsagkjlsd you suck ;____: i dont think i can go !!!! KIARA!! 
@kibbe Where you at today? I haven't heard anything from you all morning 
@kibs1 no not any better, i still want to go  
@kibumism aw  i really hope that isn't the case as well! i cannot imagine the pain x(
@kickassCarly ohh. what a shame. 
@KickingBuckets paul has a huge yin. Like a baby's arm 
@kickingcouture 1 am bed time would be amazing. My sleep pattern in awful, I cannot fall asleep until 2/3 am 
@KickingUpDust; I'm still waiting her to retweet. Guess not 
@kickmekassiex3 ikr   i bet there going to start a new tour for the new album tho. ha not like ill be able to go.
@kickpleat Richard says we have to clean  We've been proctrastinating all week. I only really like the rearranging part, not the tidying.
@kicks_city omg! That looks good and I'm so starving right now. Thanks 
@KicksandChicks wth? Why u all the way in cobb? I live really close to the other one 
@kicksonfire I KNOOOW! lol fuuuck whoever decided to stop main em lol. im lookn @ that picture of the box like damn 
@kickzfadayz Our boy better get it in tonight!!!! Or it's all over 
@kicsimu I'm boring  and you?
@kiD_GQ are you going? tickets are sold out 
@kid_nothing you're not following me 
@kidamnesiac i didn't see any grizzly bear 7&quot;, i got in late and tons of stuff was already gone 
@KidCactus Well just do it, like Nike! i judt got home from a 4 hour session at IKEA... gdamnit my feets are killing me 
@KidCalloway  poor her,  missing out on the glorious character that is @KidCalloway
@KidCalloway don't be meann  I triiiied.
@KidCalloway what's wrong w/ gay guys 
@KidCanaveral I'm trying to think if I can sneak out by asking mum to put E to bed.  Also going to be an hour late for KC gig 
@kidcapricious Hehe thanks! Hopefully it'll save me a few of my daily 2000 Drupal headaches. Got one as we speak infact. such fail 
@kidcatastrophe so cool to hear you guys on 104.5! and i can't believe you in were cherry hill a few weeks ago and i missed it  come back
@kidcrayola well, that's just not promising as i have to set up a new UK account soon. 
@kiddie_kouture lol yea sure! i dont wanna hear bout em since i didnt have any. 
@KiddKraddick I did  I got last Mondays show. I eventually found it but it keeps skipping. Boo. Have a good show!!!
@kiddkraddick I miss listening to your show.  Our radio broke at work. I'm trying to get 1soon. lol
@kiddoojojo @Shannati Omgawsh i found so many old pictures of us in my photobucket, Blockparty,Clevelandst,longmall walk. omg memories 
@KidFury I was just logging into the old account and checking there. People still follow the old page 
@KidFury me too can't find none 
@kidghost_ yeah, I'm not feelin' the Lauren hate right now. 
@kidipede  once we get a job and we get cars I think it'll be ECier to go to concerts and stuff
@kidkierain haha yeah he does, but im lucked out atm 
@kidKINO bwahahhaa. oh noes. i lost followers. 
@KidKulit text or call me when you'rei n the area. I lost all my numbers a while back so I don't  have yours anymore 
@kidmanproject ah, but you own an iPhone so you're still cool, I on the other hand am Redmond's slave 
@KidnapDavey Mmm maybe... yes.  Good reason and good fun though!
@kidnapdavey youre missing the frantic 
@kidnoble i know i still don't have a profile pic here. 
@kidnoble I miss Charles and his smack talk/commentating 
@kidnoble I'm just dramatical right now. Dealing with my womanly issues. Not a good time of the month 
@kidnoble oh, I was thinking you had a full schedule.  ~â™¥~
@kidpsychnurse I love Mexico! It's a shame about the fire 
@kidquizine I've been a slave all day. 
@KidsActivewear bummer it's this week- I'm photographing twins next week who were born today 
@kidsbooks25 Oh No!!! No money and plenty of flu is not a good thing!! And you flew all the way to Singapore for nothing? oh my gosh 
@kidsfashion : sorry to hear about your dog 
@kidsinaustralia @greenteadesigns Thanks girls.  Bronchiolitis is nasty!  Nothing much we can do except help the little guy ride it out 
@kidsis Yeah, that would've been midnight 26 hrs ago, not 2 hrs ago. Sorry  They should have made it 11 or 1130pm to avoid the confusion
@kidvai humm so much expense for a side role, &amp; he just told me they will give a Month's stay , yeah something is Fishy .. 
@kidvai yeah, so true i cant look at my thumb the way i used to ..   - http://tinyurl.com/nsq9uu
@Kiea1  I'll stop at mcdonalds on my way too work
@KiefferLasala I hope not  but it might...
@Kieklanta Skits sounds good, a slogan for that could be Skitz ï¿½ drive your mouth crazy! Sure I had a better 1, I forget when I sleep  lol
@kielovesday26 Damn.... U just hit me with the poor little tink tink. 
@KielysWorld i'm sorry if i said anything that you felt was to be rude. 
@kierang1 omg no-one I know watches it but I LOVE it! So *high-5* i missed it tonight though cos I was studying  what happened?
@KierDarby  Sad to see you go. Do you have any plans yet? Are you going to continue developing software?
@kiernana it sucks when it happens  but im sure its normal! we are off out.. is like 25c today.. hot hot HOT! BEEACH!
@kiernanmcmullan That sucks   Some people just need to get a life and learn how to be nice.
@KieshaCarrModel soo who u unfollowing me too? lol 
@kiestaster  no big o even with all that build up?
@Kifa7 Abbbbeeeeeeee!  ... Suddenly got a Ramadhan Flashback.
@Kihnfolk Awww broken hearts are sad. But I've been thinking about making the one on my thumb  broken too 
@kihnfolk i think i started the movie too late. hahah 
@kiidswiper,yea,even if you have nothing to do on a Saturday,its not as bad,lol..Saturday=Happy..Monday= 
@kiieeeee i'm enjoying gay days without you!! and i'm not even a lesbian!! i miss you 
@kiieeeee yaaay for u cleaning ur room. I said hi to u the other day &amp; u didnt write me back 
@kiiimbers  you are too beautiful to be crying!!!
@kiimu Hopefully one that won't result in lawsuits 
@KiiNG_DADii82 Oh ok. I kinda thought so lol. Im still tryna get a blackberry lol. They wont let me upgrade 
@Kiitchy Sorry  I am still traumatized by the man who spat in my face... and that was over a year ago! What is up with ppl?
@kiitenai he.. he is. Now I can't hate him for ruining the laugh. 
@KiityBradshaw rickshaw,Fuki,Sunhouse,Somchai,and theres another that I cant recall now. Can twitter folk come to the party? 
@kiitzyy I think so hahah geez lady 3 hours ago?? Go to bed!! Lack of sleep is bad for your skin! 
@kikarose BlogHer is too far away for me  Like a whole massive pond away lol
@kiki_bee anything new? 
@kiki_the_blub : Mum and helper are fine. But.. not me. 
@KikiD333 You will be missed though! 
@kikidangerously  i hope you feel better and pls do not break yourself beautiful
@KikiDarling me too it feels like pins and needles 
@KiKiDeuce yeah legal probs/never fun! And I only get a week off school  its a 2 yr program. Booo buts all good
@kikilet Is this Kelly's real twitter? If so, how com you dont have more followers 
@kikimagine those aren't spoilers  anyways i am overall disappointed with this 'update' some things are worse and its really buggy.
@kikimarie593 now you're sick? i hope u feel better 
@kikimarie593 Oh, that's pure crap. I thought libraries we supposed to be there for everyone. Sorry 
@kikimarie593 That sucks  You were catching up to Kat in the post count too.
@Kikirowr aww  I was out like a light last night, must have needed it &gt;_&gt;
@Kikirowr Downside though is that you're breaking the thread. 
@Kikirowr Hope you feel better soon. 
@Kikirowr We can seeeee you!  How'd the blizzcon thing go, I fell asleep 
@Kikirowr What's the matter, Kiki? 
@KikitaLinda Awww but 300 is also very much =D oh my gosh do you know whats going on with nick? 
@KikitaSunrise am i so unimportant so you dont even write back to me?  haha
Just epically wiped out on the sidewalk while helping Matt carry groceries. Good news: I wasn't carrying the eggs. Bad news: I bleed 
just exchanged numbers with wee kee. I'm going to miss cao li and the way she say &quot;PAPA TEA&quot; instead of bubble tea. 
just experienced a double MBP noisy crash - boo! 
just extracted my hdd and cleaned it from coffee...i hope i could get access to my data  #wannagobacktobed
Just fed the baby and now I can't go back to sleep 
just feel and hurt my kneee aww and it hurts  
Just feel frustrated lately with a lot of things...just can't trust anyone anymore it seems like...need to be less trusting I guess.  
just feel like i didn't sleep for like 100 hours  hate mornings after partying!
Just feel like I failed cus I'm not working on these tracks 
Just feel like laying around doing absolutely nothing but I can't 
just feel upset  sigh....
Just fell asleep for 2 &amp; 1/2 hours so missed both chances for first-look Hollyoaks, ugh 
Just fell asleep watching Dora the explorer, what a dumb cartoon 
Just fell down the last couple of stairs of my basement... Ouchh 
just fell down the stairs 
just fell down the stairs. Ouch. (idiot) 
just fell in love with lip service. WHY AM I SO POOR 
Just fell out of the shower and almost broke my legs 
just fell up the stairs there go the promise i made to miiself but the worse thing is i dropped mii pie 
just felt an earthquake  
just felt really sick 
just few more days and my happy days are gone  i will miss them 
Just figured out CalDav on iPhone OS 3.0 - Google Cal showing up in Calendar - cannot get Group calendars to work though 
just figured out that I have not been receiving my device updates  been missing alot
Just figured out that Modelsim 5.8 is not doing a good job when both distributed and module path delays are mixed in the design. 
Just figured that out. Ppl been writing me who I'm not following  oops me bado . I feel bad now! HA!
I'm supposed to start my diet today but i can't resist fried talipia w/ cheese grit from Seawinds..I'll have to start tomorrow 
I'm supposed to study, but i'm in Z's boy car to go play L4D with him and his boys. I'm screwed  - http://tweet.sg
I'm supposed to take science MCAS this week, but I haven't had science class since January! I might just fail this. 
Im supposed to work out n stretch n such to help with my cramps, but i dont feel like moving cuz it hurts so bad. 
I'm suprised, but im actually starting to like OpenSolaris. What is the direction like with the Oracle buyout though? 
i'm sure a 'newbie' could totally magic wand this 
I'm sure all good parents think so, but my daughter is so AWESOME! Can't believe she will be 17 on Saturday. Damn, I'm old.  *[iN:4:LyFe]*
I'm sure I failed. Oh well 
i'm sure i still feel hungover from thursday night 
Im sure she is sad and so am I and Paws. 
I'm sure that he will tear my comment apart again though 
Im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will 
I'm sure there must be a point. I just seem to be perpetually fuckin missing it 
I'm sure this will be one of the hardest things I'll ever have to face.... Ugh.... 
I'm sure. I give up.... 
im surfinf thru da internet..im bored..it was suppose to b a nite out w da girls, but i guess it didnt happen  oh well....
I'm swamped today. .  no time to tweet n om top I have a huge headache
i'm tagging all my LJ entries &amp; i came across one from civic tour last year from portland with autistic boyfriend &amp; company and got sad 
I'm tagging my thoughts on #ringhunt clues at http://tr.im/ZoomIn_ringhunt with ringhunt | @RebekahJordan Any joy on 2VC? I'm babysitting 
I'm taking a nap then my mom has to wake me up ask me what actress was on some tv show. really? I miss living on my own 
im taking a nap...  text me if anything is happening...  
is pretty hurt... just need you here.. and your not... as usual 
Is pretty much sick of re-occuring nightmares.  been awake on and off all night.
is pretty much the only one left in the office. Wish I was the only one left. 
is pretty sad that the Nuggets lost  Now, we need a Lebron vs Kobe matchup!
Is pretty sure he just hit a bird while driving 
is pretty sure Neesa was making a hairball for me as I locked the door. Not happy w/me as I blocked her escape, but hope she's okay! 
is pretty sure she is sick! 
is probably sick. FFS. 
is proper gutted that she's too poor to go out tomorrow night with Kerry 
Is proper tired and has tried for an hour to get to sleep  x
is proud of her henna but the color is not as maroon as she would like it. eww, i sound like an aggie. 
is proud of her will power to say no to cake today but I did have breakfast @ McDonalds this morning 
is proud of the baby for switching seamlessly to the crib, but misses getting her face pushed on and snuggled against 
is pulled a all nighter and cant hold my head up!! 
is putting Analiesse to sleep. I want to nap as well, but my body won't let me. 
is putting off balancing the checkbook  http://plurk.com/p/p0vp6
is putting off doing maths hw and doesnt want a maths test tomorrow 
is putting on a sweater it is -0 in June wtf? ya well not impressed at all 
is quickly running out of remaining API calls on TweetDeck! 
Just finally cleaned off the window chalk &quot;GO PENS!&quot; that were all over my car. Booooo want hockey back 
Just finally watched Changeling for the first time. I think Vincent is sleeping with me tonight. 
Just finally watched the &quot;UP&quot; movie trailer because of all the hype lol. I wanna go see this movie now but I have finals so probably not 
just finally woke myself from a horrible and realist dream. It will not make work fun. 
just finish and now going home, get a few hours of sleep and start all over again  lol but tomorrow this time the fun begins!!! 
just finish eating lunch, I ate sun-dried tomato pesto chicken.  Now back to work 
Just finish studying!  ya rb sa3dni &lt;3 8ddami sa3ab noom !! Waiting for alfjur pray..
Just finish the final! Dang, now I gotta go to work!  But all da way live tonight at Element!
Just finish watching i am sam... 
Just finish writing a song called &quot;Let's not Pretend&quot; Track is about a girl who cheated on me and acted like it was nothing. 
just finishd work and im in a really angry mood 
just finished &quot;designing&quot; the invitations. i feel old now. 
Just finished (gasp) the entire season of 24 (missed it traveling for hoops). Disappointing finish, for sure. 
Just finished 2.5 hours of core/yoga &amp; spin. New bikes in spin, will take some getting used to. Still can't touch my toes. 
just finished 8 hours of Texas Life Insurance CE tonight, 22 more hours to go 
just finished a 20 hour coding marathon, and is left with a nealry-working, but broken site. 
Just finished a bag of Fritos. My head hurts 
I'm taking care of my sick doggy 
I'm taking Casey to get his 9 Month Shots.     My poor baby is already in pain from his teeth (3) Coming in.. Now Shots? Ughh.
Im taking my dog to the vet. Shes not looking to well 
I'm taking my sore back to bed  Must work allll day tomorrow and not sure how it's gonna work with my back. Boooo.. Nite.
I'm taking sleeping pills tonight. Noo way am I going to sleep at 7AM again!  ! My goal for this summer is to have a healthy amt of sleep.
I'm taking some well deserved me time in my new home. (I'm also skint and heartbroken). 
I'm taking tomorrow off. Major leg cramps 
Im talking to a girl about a guy that is prob cheating on his girl friend 
Im teething  my gums hurt.
I'm tellin you.. This weather man... 
I'm temped to watch &quot;The Incident&quot; again tonight: http://bit.ly/jJvPb   Reruns are all we have for now.  #lost
I'm tempted just to open the coin trap a deal with the water - never yet done it - it's taken 10 minutes to drain 3 roasting tins worth 
I'm terrible at this game. I lost all my oxen,my wagon,and 2 of my kids drowned trying to cross the Kansas River. 
I'm terribly distraught 
Im terribly hungry 
i'm terribly hungwy,....but food is so far away from me...  
i'm terrified! i dont want to do that training tomorow! i barely know anyone! i dont know what they will make me do! i'm scared 
I'm thankful I have a T.V but it does suck I don't get channel 11 or 13, No Good Day L.A or I love Lucy 
I'm that girl on the bus falling asleep doing the head bob. How embarassing, I almost dropped my book on the floor.  = Tired!
im THAT not like me today, im not even listening to music. 
i'm the .01percent 
is quite bored and is missing her family over in ireland, been a while that i aint seen them now 
is quite bored, and sick of it! I WANNA GO CASION WITH MY AUNTY! 
is quite disappointed that she couldn't get any tracking done because of the btec rehearsals 
is quite disappointed that the gym is closed 
is quite miserable that she is not wit john legend right now 
Is quite sad... Kfc/pizza hut in Rome is now only kfc  #fb
Is quite tired. I wish summer was here already, and I didn't have finals still. 
is raining here 
is rather bored.. exams exams exams.. 
Is rather gutted Chuck and Julianne went out of DWTS !  Neither them nor melissa &amp; Tony should have been in the bottom 2. There my 2 favs!
Is rather quite lonely 
is reaaal tired and doesnt like being on her own 
Is Readiing Closerr And The Workmen Are Over  Why Do They Have To Be So Loudd ! Haha I Love Joes Cheeseburger Song x
is reading one of the greatest books of all time (looking for alaska)! Itchy throat and tired eyes, it's only 7:30 and I'm already tired! 
is reading the IT girl before she has the day from hell tomorrow with homework WHOOP WHOOP too long till school starts up again 
Just finished a few duels with my friend, i lost alot 
Just finished a fun night with friends and has to wake up for work in 2.5 hours 
Just finished a GREAT book with a VERY disappointing anti-climatic ending... WHAT A WASTE 
Just finished a great convo... now I'm ready 2 crash. It's 4 am 
Just finished a load of interviews for our Australian release....I miss that place 
Just finished a loooong day @ work today. Reason for my lack of tweets. 
Just finished a playthrough of Portal. Missed 7 cameras of 33 total. Damn 
Just finished a quiz and I have a final manana. I have been really light headed latey and I feel like fainting :/ not good 
just finished a recording... now its 4.30 am... my time to sleep... also have work tomorrow.. 
Just finished a run and some core exercises with @ambifauri....was supposed to do chest but ended watching LeBron instead 
just finished a volleyball game. We lost...AGAIN!  thats 5 out of our 7 games that we've lost. good thing its only a rec team.   * 22 days
just finished a youtube downloader in perl. http://bbby.org/share/youtube , now babe's mad at me for being up late 
Just finished Alone in the Dark.. I did the 'evil' ending and it wouldn't let me do it over. 
Just finished Angels and Demons.  Really good book  Now I have to go see the move, but I have a feeling they ruined a lot of it 
Just finished applying for financial support for university later this year. They want financial documents I don't have. 
I'm the number 17 fan of @robcorddry on Twitter. Woooo! If I mail in 30,497 more boxtops, I'll be number 5! But he doesn't follow me 
im the only ho that didnt go to tigerheat tonite 
im the ONLY laker fan in my twitter family who likes lebroo.. the rest of them think he is overrated! 
I'm the only one here without a blackberry 
I'm the only one in the office today  and I'm feeling kinda lonely. Is anyone selling hugs today?
Im the only one up in the room  I'll just call my dad for father's Day. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there!
I'm the only registered user currently on MJO   Not evn any1 hidden ) I could run round there naked if I wanted... eww
i'm the slowest lighter ever. no way this animation will be done by monday 
I'm the worst sister in the universe. I forgot to call my baby brother for his birthday. 
im thinkin about getting &quot;loyalty &amp; betryal&quot; on me but sooo many ppl have it! 
I'm thinkin that Pv is a traitor, she won't come to me now, cos I've been wrkin more hrs she spends more time with hubby 
im thinkin tht i dont  wanna go back to school 
I'm thinking about bagging out on twitter; I mean seriously I can't keep up with multiply, /., facebook, and here 
im thinking about him again. i need to stop doing that so often. i thought we had a ~future. i thought we had something. i still love him 
i'm thinking about how great i look today! it's like the spotlight blinds me...cant escape it 
is ready for another crazy day! I just wish the rain would go away, I do not think my head can take much more! 
is ready for bed, tons of work later 
is ready for bed...dont wanna work tomorrow 
is ready for tomorrow's hangover. how i wonder how it would be?!? rain, rain, rain. I guess i won't be doing laundry after all 
is ready for work all day Monday and more paper writing tomorrow night... 
is ready for work to be over so she can crawl back in bed and maybe get a few hours sleep... 
Is ready to be appreciated tonight! But not to say goodbye to Susie 
is ready to call it a day....  hour and a half left...hour and a half left...hour and a half left...hour and a half left...
is ready to cut off her legs. I am SOOoOoOOo over it. 
is ready to go back to bed! 
Is ready to go home and sleep...i think i might have the flu again  anyone want to come mow my lawn today?
is ready to go home, another hour yet 
is ready to go home, my eyes hurt 
is ready to go home...but i have an hour &amp; a half. 
IS READY TO GO HOOOOME! I kinda want to go shopping today, or maybe to eufaula. JUST anywhere but freakin school maaaaan. 
Is ready to go to bed!!???!!! Shame that's not a possibility.... 
is ready to go! Feel good, new clothes on, make up has gone right and its hotttt outside! Unfortunatley back to the zooo  xo
Is real hungry 
is reali annoyed @ laptop not working cause coulda sat outside in the sunshine and watched the football if it was. . . 
is realllllyyyy tired 
is realllly sick! 
is really a vegetable 
is really and hates it.. 
is really annoyed that shes working on derby day  and will be checking the score every 5 seconds
Is really bored and kinda disapointed 
Is really bored atm.. 
is really bored back home... shoulda stayed in sj for another night...  o well... happy fathers day!
is really bored!!, and thinks twitter is just like bebo!...Crap!! 
is really bummed with mango airlines right now!! ticket prices r goin up way2fast!!! 
is really cold and needs to go take more medicine. Stupid flu. I always manage to get sick for exams. 
is really cold. Dad doesn't feel the need for me to have the heating on in my room 
is really cold. In june.  #fb
is really confused because she doesn't know if this guy likes her or not 
IS REALLY CONFUSED. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO ANYMORE  I`M SCARED AND I DON'T KNOW WHY. MAYBE BECAUSE WHAT IF... http://tumblr.com/xmj22b05c
is really depressed and worried I won't be able to squat/deadlift for a long time 
is really disappointed she missed out on pony trekking today. Stupid ankle 
is really falling sick.  needs fast remedy for flu;
Is really fed up of feeling like this 
Is really feeling bad today 
Is really fighting her sleep right now  ... So tired but dnt wanna go grr
is really freaking out about tomorrow. physics and history on the same day :S two exams is hard let alone the 2 hardest subjects I do. 
is really freaking out without my phone now I know it's not there. Uggghh. A whole 7 hours without contact 
Is really going to miss my puppy cove when I move away Saturday 
is really gonna miss days like that  also can't seem to upload photos to facebook 
I'm thinking about making a doctors appointment.  Can things get infected from vodka? 
im thinking about my 1st day at practice and how my team and i have become SO close since then. and i cant believe nate is leaving 
I'm thinking beach day? Book? Roomie is asleep on the couch 
I'm thinking I may spend the day in birmingham sometime this week...I miss my selena @playinblackkeys 
i'm thinking i'll need a wig if i go to pride...gawd.. it'll be so hot with a wig on 
I'm thinking it's time to accept I'll always be fat and crippled and sell my skinny clothes 
I'm thinking Lion bars have declined in quality over recent years 
i'm thinking of going out next week since it's the last week of holidays...    
i'm thinking of going to my aunt's house to overnight there. BUTBUT, i want to learn guitar first! cause there has a guitar! no keyboard. 
I'm thinking of leaving twitter...no body ever replies! 
I'm thinking of this business plan, bisnis oh bisnis 
im thinking of you mir, can you read it please?  â™« http://blip.fm/~7ssy4
Im thinking suzuki should bring back the 2-stroke because eventually my poor RM 250 is going to call it quits and I don't want a thumper. 
I'm thinking that I'm gonna miss melbourne so very much when I leave this country for good. 
im thinking this guy is gonna get irritated with me quickly ...   
Im thinking this quarter's finals might honestly push me over the edge to insanity 
I'm thinking this thing is rubbish compared to facebook, and can't seem to find any friends 
Im thinking what I should eat. Im gonna cook and Im all by myself  To think for a minute I actually liked the solitude...
Is really grumpy 
Is really hungry ..... 
is REALLY hurt right now! Guys suck ass! 
is really ill 
Is really in a musical mood this evening! Probably could like cry at some of the soundtracks 
is really lookin forward 2 her birthday!! 2weeks 3days away!! What 2 wear though 
Is really mad because his friend is getting a iPhone 3GS before me!! 
is really mad because idk what to do with all my shit will they take it and keep it!  they better not.
is really miserable without Adobe Photoshop. 
is really missin' him and feelin' a lil pathethic 
Is really missing her Aussie fighter boi 
is really missing his kids today  I'm being distracted tho with work and other stuff :-/ Hope they're having a lovely day without dad...
Is really not enjoying smelling pig poo all day... 
Is really not feeling the london weather tbh, I want to go on holiday ahhh 
is really not liking this humidity right now!  wish it would just storm already!!! god its hot!
is really over this depressing weather 
is really pissed off that she lost her new i-pod      
is really pissed that so called superstars wont talk to me but will talk to other morons that abuse them 
is really poorly and just wants ehr daughter to make an appearance 
is really really bored 
is really really bored at colelge and has Richards jacket on cos its cold  but its hardto type with it on as its longer than my arms hehe
is really really confuseee 
is really really missing amsterdam,urg my heartbreaks if i think about it to much 
is really really really missing you 
is really really really really really unhappy and upset 
Is REALLY really sad that Farrah Fawcett died!!!!!! 
is really really sore 
is really really tired 
is really REALLY warm  hello restless night!
is really sad  but i will not give up.
is really sad and dissapointed right now...laying in the bed pouting w/ audi girl 
is really sad and doesn't really know y!!??!!! 
Is really sad because its raining at the weekend 
is really sad coz her sim card broke 
is really sad now 
is really sad now because of something that she read. I'm sorry 
is really sad Ryan left... 
just finished babysitting brooke and faith with maddy. now face masks and getting this yellow nail polish brooke put on us.  its stained..
Just finished baking cookies.  One of Sky's last nights in California   So proud and can't wait to see what the future holds for the guys
Just finished calling @TATAliaa s friends and we called @levyngo but she didnt pick up 
Just finished catching up on my Algebra Homework.  Now to continue on the 5 essays I have due. 
Just finished chatting with Mum bout her Dad, my Grandad... now he on the other hand is a complete P**K!!! Today's just a Sunday to her 
just finished chocolate cake...@ 10:30PM. I have been up wayyyyy to long 
just finished cleaning out the pool,somewhat now i have to do a lot of geography 
just finished cleaning the bathroom, the rest of the house to go.. 
just finished cleaning the biggest pile I've ever made in my room. 
just finished cleaning the house...got to get myself ready for the work week 
Just finished combing molly....poor thing had mats in her ears  I feel horrible for letting it get so far!!
i'm thinking, firefox has started to greatly affect my productivity, because of the endless tabs &amp; net surfing, time to go back to IE? 
I'm thinking... Really need my hair doing !  The weather is so depressing   Fancy a nice hot bath after a tiring shift !
Im thirsty but a lizard just ran across the dining table, i don't dare to enter the kithen 
I'm thirsty! but everything at UTSA is closed!!! WTF?! Vending machine 
I'm three days out from chemo and sleeping is unattainable. I have hot flahes like menopause and I eat like a horse. 
I'm throwing the only dreams i ever had to make something of myself away in the trash tonight... I've got nothing left now 
I'm tidying  I fell In Ashtons chucking pot noodle and hurting my ass  HILLS WAS AMAZING THO (L
Im tidying my room, Why are school holidays so boring? 
I'm tied of being the 'cool one', it's tiring  haha
I'm tight. Smfh!!! Ugghh! I mite have to clean my laptop out. 
Im tipsy but I'm pissed I'm not somewhere nice and with substance and energy 
im tired  *yawns, rubs eyes, and goes to bed*  Goodnight! i will Twitter in the morning!
im tired  gotta stay up for another hour and 12min to call these damn manufacturers again... 
I'm tired  I need to get a journal!!!!!!!!! Monday? I really want one by tomorrow though  I hope I don't get loaded with hw on monday!
i'm tired  its been a long day. thinking about taking a nap. right after i take out my dentures :]
I'm tired !!!!! I want to go home 
I'm tired &amp; my head still hurts  I think I should just go mimis!!
i'm tired :S and sad 
I'm tired after school,shopping &amp; now i have maths tution 
I'm tired already and still so much to do 
I'm tired already. I just wanna relax 
im tired and cold and don't want to go to school tomorrow 
im tired and depressed .. 
I'm tired and hungry 
I'm tired and I didn't do that much...I'm fat. 
I'm tired and I hate rain 
Just finished curling her hair!!!! And now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair 
Just finished Day 2 of 3-day retreat. Good content but no web access and near north pole. Have to drive car instead of cycle 
just finished decorating the cakes xD.............just got to clear up now!  lol
just finished dinner. hmm.. not having a good time now. got  head ache. 
just finished doin my days grafting at my parents garden  need a soak in the tub, n im definaty going to sleep tonight!!!
just finished doing a TON of advertising. now im gunna make some free graphics..nobody has visited my site yet..sadly 
Just finished doing round of plotting. Got more pages to add to the summary outline. Cheesecake is gone. 
just finished doing the lufthansa online assessment. don't think i did too well 
Just finished downloading the sims 3. It's hella slow when I play it tho. What should I do 
Just finished eatin crawfish..yumm!  Bt sadly my throat hurts  Goin to bed early...weightlifting in the morning...noT fun 
just finished eating a BOMB meal from my aunt's whewww, im going to  miss these meals in a month 
just finished eating my mcdonalds. im bored at home now! 
Just finished eating my spaghetti, turns out we're out of bread so I kudnt make my garlic bread wah3x!  Finishing my 1st pass thru my ipod
just finished eclipse...starting breaking dawn! what am I going to do when its over 
Just finished Eldo. Bill's giving me a ride home. I'm beat. My breakaway failed 
just finished episode 20&amp;21. I don't want it to endddd 
just finished fashion fitting. tired.  Wishing more than ever that there was a beach in Atlanta. Oh, and show tonight @ Kavarna! 8pm
Just finished filming show! So mad, there's a random crumpling noise that over tops of voices! You can barely hear  ah..w.e could be worse
just finished final scene and didnt come out as good as i wanted too 
Just finished four hours of cleaning ... exhausted. 
Just finished futsal and now at the pasar malam.. Unfortunately have to watch what I eat tonight.. Not too full and not too hungry.. 
Just finished getin my nails done. Painful  but its so pretty
Just finished getting Brian's morning surprises ready  pity he gets up at 6am now, early start 4 me 2mrw 
i'm tired and i still haven't finished my hwk. sad 
I'm tired and i want to be independtly wealthy... 
I'm tired and I'm not even at work yet 
I'm tired and my head hurts.   Kids have a half day today; staff has to stay.    15 days to go.
I'm tired and my head is aching 
I'm tired and not feeling well. Try outs in a few hours  text me.
im tired and now i have to learn for school 
im tired and sleepy... been a really long day   I hate summer school
im tired arron was moving around soo much last night 
im tired as crap, hungry and lonely..i miss my lover  i wannna cuddle
I'm tired as fuck and I have a hand cramp  But off to school I go....
I'm tired bout to sleep I got school tomorrow 
im tired but had fun. .just want to go to bed but got to study for tomorrow's exam! 
I'm tired but I can't sleep 
im tired but i just wont and cant go sleep! 
I'm tired but my hair is wet 
Im tired but this horrible headache is keeping me up! Asprin doesnt work at all and my head hurts so bad 
I'm tired I need to go home zoo. I miss my friends and boyfriend  I go home Monday
Im tired its probably cuz i cried all day  waaaa
I'm tired n lazy  wish i was not
I'm tired of being an option and not a priority 
I'm tired of being expected to be a mind reader. 
I'm tired of being nothing.  
I'm tired of being so upset all the time 
im tired of coughinggggggg 
i'm tired of feeling sick 
I'm tired of having nightmares 
I'm tired of lying  I'm not okay...but that's what they want to hear.
i'm tired of missing someone always,  i want all my friends getting near of me. but it will be impossible 
i'm tired of my depression.. and of all these sad things in my life  need a miracle
I'm tired of the constant fighting   Text me, we can chill. Go somewhere other than my casa.
i'm tired of waiting; if you're not coming -  then you need to tell me. gosh.. 
Im tired of waking up every day at 3 pm.... I think I need to get a job!! 
I'm tired of watching reruns of Family Guy  !!!!
I'm tired of working all the time. I want to have a fun summer 
I'm tired today. 
I'm tired with the multiplex-producer strike... Damn, I need my movies! My movies blog died in infancy 
Just finished giving Push a bath. Thought he had fleas. He has dermatitis.  
just finished going through all my watches on deviantart from the past half a year or so. gah. art overload. makes me feel inadequate 
Just finished Harry Potter  .. so sad.. but now I'm starting a new book called &quot;Looks&quot;
Just finished having luntch with my cowrks 
just finished having some really crappy â€œmockâ€œ chinese food 
Just finished Henry Hatsworth.  Do I dare start the harder difficulty?!  I dare. 
Just finished her boyfriend after 8 months and 17 days 
Just finished homework. Now moving onto assignments  Can someone please tell me what a 'twibe' is?
Just finished interview with Frank Pastore on KKLA - now for some dinner and a night of writing. I hate deadlines 
Just finished learning about boring ass web addresses in Computer Studdies. Having a good day but have no lunch  Yah! No homework, so far.
Just finished Lipstick Jungle  season 2. I wish it was coming back 
just finished listening to the 5.1 mix of the sounds of the universe album by depeche mode. to be honest... i'm a little disappointed 
Just finished logging in all of my CEU hours.  13 done, 62 yet to go 
is really sad she's missing her favorite boys of sparks the rescue, stop is the new go, too late the hero &amp; signal the escape, tonight 
Is really sad that cpk doesn't have mango tandori pizza anymore 
is really sad that I somehow broke my keyboard (music) last night when I dropped it learning to play piano. I AM SO CLUMSY!!!   
Is really sad that my app on my iphone is broke for twitter.. it keeps saying its down 
Is really sad that my Grandma's area of the country elects the first European BNP MEP, Yorkshire what on earth were you thinking 
is really sad that she wont get to chill with @cheergurl9732 tomorrow 
Is really sad that shes missing critical mass 
Is really sad to be leaving tn.  The past couple of days have been amazing! Everyone did such a good job! God is doing great things! 4 ...
is really sad. 
Is really sad. Someone ran over Willie this weekend, they didn't even slow down.  I'm pretty sure it was on purpose. 
is really sad/nervous/scared/uncertain... baaaaad combination of emotions...sigh... i really hope my day gets better 
is really salty they sent my letter back 
Is really scared from this high fever 
is really sick and i am still going to work 
is really sick and may not ever get better 
is really struggling to be a good parent - they just won't listen to me and I'm getting proper stressed! 
is really sunburnt 
is really tierd and hungry, got work till 6! 
Is really tired  trying to read about politics...to expand my knowledge so i may form a valid opinion...
is really tired and does not know why 
Is really tired and still got a butt load of homework to do 
Is really tired of being so sick and tired... My body is young why does it feel so run down 
is really tired... damn her impulses to stay up late doing whatever she did on the interweb last night 
is really trying to be productive but this lack of sleep just caught up to me. 
is really upset about close friends moving 
is really upset now  NEXT!
is really upset that her memory card from her phone got stolen today! all her pictures and videos of Evelyn are gone!!  I'm an idiot!
is really upset that it is raining right now... now Logan and I can't go to the air show 
is really upset that she won't be able to watch Max sway his hips anymore. 
is really upset with twitter right now 
is really wanting some Poncho Villa ... but I have work and Poncho Villa is all the way in San Mateo 
Is really wanting to talk to someone right now but knows its not a good idea... 
just finished lunch (turkey sand, chips, cherry coke and ain ice cream - ummmm!) gotta get back to work now 
Just finished lunch (yah, we went out late). Our net still down since morning. I'm on P1 and Terence is on his Maxis 3G. Both r slow 
Just finished lunch...Subway Eat Fresh.......now gotta go back to work 
Just finished making my CV, get it printed tomorrow in school I reckon, downloading some Tiesto sets for the iPod, I lost them all 
just finished making my study sheet for spanish. now is time for the actual studying part. 
Just finished memorizing poem and reading noli me tangere. Reportings 2m. Super busy.. Dont have much time for tweetering.. 
Just finished mgmt final. Felt like this 
Just finished moving the last load. Unfortunatly @woodwhisperer still has to pack his shop up  I think it will be like another house move
just finished my bag of De Lujo from @hasbean  Now who do I order my next bag from. Come on @hasbean and @beanandgone ... dance off!
Just finished my birthday dinner with mom, grandma, brother, husband, and babies. Missin other 2 brothers.  Off to cousin's softball game!
just finished my blog... wow it took a lot out of me... sux to have a writers block 
Just finished my book cried so much like a loser hahaa its so sad 
just finished my english project. homework is the only thing ever that makes me super tired.  i miss planning days   night !  xo
Just finished my exam god i didnt have a clue what i was doing 
Just finished my final,started @ 6 &amp; JUST FINSHED @ 9:21. Hope I did ok, well now I gotta start gettin ready 2 go n2 nite gig,w/no sleep 
just finished my first day back to work after 9 days away......   wish I could turn the clock back, I miss Boris
just finished my first game of beer pong, pretty sure i lost 
just finished my first printable flyer that i had to photoshop Jonathan out of.  feel free to beat me up about it.  
Just finished my grandmother's obituary 
just finished my last day ever at the Montessori School  Sad
Just finished my last day of vo-tech. I can't wait until I go back next year. I sure am going to miss it this summer 
Just finished my last day of work.  The school year is over!  But.....summer school starts tuesday    Looking forward to a new schedule.
Just finished my last day. I'm gonna miss my co-workers so much  took a buttload of photos to remember them though.
Just finished my last Smith practice 
Just finished my makeup. I can't take this tortue anymore!!  I'm completely staled.
Just finished my match with Devin Devine. I am tiiiiiiiired! To bad i dont have my Sonics partner with me 
Just finished my Mooyah burger. I'm hurting now 
Just finished my run/walk....I'm hungry as shit!  Somebody feed me 
Just finished my sat  fml
Just finished my second cup of coffe, but didn't have a starbucks yet 
Just finished my sushi snack pack and realised I forgot all about the wasabi! 
Just finished my work out now going to do a hockey boys work out (aka watch). Back to Tdot tomorrow 
Just finished my workout... Feel great!! Now I have Baby duty tonight, My wifey is not feeling good  I think I can handle it for 1 night.
I'm tired! Zzzzzz I can feel myself dosing off! lol! Its too early for me to go to bed!  Otherwise i'll be up at like 4!
i'm tired, and English exam isnt very helpful 
I'm tired, been up all night.. its almost 5:20am, can't sleep yet though, got things to do! 
I'm tired, but I don't want to go to sleep. 
Im tired, i have a headache and my tummy hurts  a bad saturday!  &lt;Cory&gt;
im tired, im so sleepy. i didnt sleep anything last night  thanx to ghost hunters.
i'm tired, sad and exhausted - headachey - don't know how to make it stop 
i'm tired, tired, tired and very busy, i don't have time today 
im tired, worried and sick of studying. and its my birthday tomorrow 
Im tired, yet not sleepy. Why can't I sleep!? I just really want hugs. I neeeeed hugs. 
I'm tired.  but its only 9. So I'm gonna find some things to do. Lol
i'm tired. and i rather be seeing star trek -folds arms-  
i'm tired. gah school tomoro  what sucks more is i have from about recess to lunch free and i can't go home.
I'm tired. GOOD NIGHT. Not. I have school. 
I'm tired. I need a power nap! 
I'm tired. I need rest.. 
Im tired. Rain is mean. 
I'm tired. The last store was not busy but slow as molasses. Good thing I'm off tomorrow...but without my dad. 
I'm tired.. and my back hurts.... I fell sick again 
i'm tired...  *yawn*
im tired... busy saturday! BUt still qot to excersise! 
Im tired... I havent been off work in some time 
I'm tired... really tired  Counting till Saturday...
i'm tired...and i have to study  but tomorrow there isn't class!!!ouhhh yeahh!!haha
I'm tired...I don't want to do my math homework  booo for summer classes.
I'm tired..And my back hurts....I need a massage 
Im tiredsan. and my whooole body hurtz  night night!
I'm tireeeed  I'm so EXITED ^__^
just finished naruto 449. pein  but OMG YAY SASUKE BACK. i thought kishi already forgot about him
Just finished 'New moon rising' buffy season 4, so sad  but it is such a cool ending for Willow and Oz
Just finished packing  omg! I can't even sleep I'm too excited!
just finished packing all my things for cebu...  no more work... is this the right thing to do?
just finished packing for badger state in Oshkosh, wont be on for a week... 
just finished packing the stuff for Monday book in.  now sweating like crazy 
just finished packing up kailey's room. i can't even remember her being that small! 
Just finished party-food shopping. There's something so satisfying about spending Ma's money. Last Red House lunch of the year tomorrow, 
Just finished placement test at ucr...so tired  and hope i wont be late for Fbla banquet =\
Just finished planting garden #2 for the year. Any more frost - that's it no garden! I will have to buy relish at the store then. 
Just finished playing 9 holes ($1 skins). Won 5 holes, 2 birdie putts - no actual birdies  Unfortunately it will rain for the next 3 days.
Just finished playing a KEYBOARD for the Mariner's awards....I strongly dislike playing keyboards and the back wrenching bench i sit on 
Just finished playing footie for 90mins ('play' = run up and down a pitch). Now my big toes have been swapped for two huge blisters 
just finished playing my guitar.. missin TJ  x
just finished playing sand volleyball and is dark 
Just finished playing some Medal of Honor with @ageekinthepink and @the_baconbitz Good times. Wish I had kart to play though 
Just finished playing The Godfather with my bro. I kept drving into buildings and shooting the wrong person. 
Just finished prayer service wit the fam.  Praise the Lord. Need 2 get some work in and my laptop is freezing.  Big ups 2 Twitter Berry!
I'm to over-sensitive, all i did was buy the wrong size wardrobe and now I'm bloody miserable 
I'm to sad to reply to everyone.. Sorry  I'm going to bed.. Last game for me.. Leaving on Monday for Jacksonville
I'm too busy at work today...it is interferring with socializing 
I'm too drunk to do the mani part of my mani/pedi.  Sad day.
I'm too lame for twitter 
im too lazy to close this windown behind me. yet, im freeezing  haha.
I'm too lazy to reply all those comments and so do resizing photos that I'm supposed to send to my cousin a week ago.   
i'm too long  http://twitpic.com/4j5xc
i'm too sad to watch chunhee and yejin's last fo episode. i'm gonna boohoo like nuts. 
I'm too scare too shut my mac 
Im too scared to ride Kong!  they're making me go.
I'm too sick to live. 
i'm too small to donate blood 
I'm too tired to drive home  making beads will have to wait another week
Im too tired to fall asleep 
I'm too tired, and I've missed Twitter. Shit.  xxx
I'm torn. Modest Mouse? Yes! The Sound Academy?  Noooooo 
im totally annoying people rightn ow. IM SO BORED hahaha sorry 
I'm totally blur today and yesterday 
I'm totally bummed that every blogging female in the world will be at BlogHer except for me 
i'm totally exhausted. haih i miss perth already 
I'm totally fuckin MUTE today! Allergies....screwed up my throat and lost my voice! 
I'm totally getting GMPD's CD!!! WOO! And oh, yeah..I have to work today.  I DON'T LIKE THIS.
I'm totally getting my hair cut today. So shaggy! 
im totally not hungry.. but here i am with a packet of crisps and toast with butter on it.. with no taramasalata  ugh.. Hope hes happy.
Im totally ready to kill my chemistry... its going to be hard to pretend to be happy at bday dinner tonight 
I'm totally wet, and not in a good way! 
I'm tracking calories again starting tomorrow. I've been slacking 
I'm training my yard gnomes in the deadly art of spork fu, but they keep poking me in the eye... 
I'm transferring to SM Bacoor... I'm gonna miss Southmall 
I'm trapped in my room bc these ppl r redoing the hallways floors  and I gotta pee..grrrrrrrrr 
is really wasted &amp; misses everyone from ltown! 
Is really wishing I was still teaching in Asbury. 
is really wishing she had done more revision for her exam monday!! 
is really wishing you would just let me go and let me fight this on my own...i'm tired of feeling like shit because of you!!! 
is really wobbly again after a really good morning. I haatethis 
is really worn out 
is really worried  Derek please get well soon!!!
is really worried about her final tomm... 
is really worried bout her car! 
is really, really bored... I guess I will go to bed 
Is really, really rather sick of studying for exams. Sadface? I think so...  
is really, really really confused and sad and 
is really, really sick 
is really, sad bout my uncle Charlie...going to see him possibly for the last time today 
is recovering from a car accident. 
is recovering from falling down the stairs, and is in alot of pain 
is recovering from strep throat.  Not fun...
is recovering from the last week...back to class AND work today &amp; it stinks!  Last night was BEYOND amazing! ;) Still seems like a dream!
Is recovering nicely from those horrible drinks. What a surprise, just in time for work on Monday. 
is recoving after heavy duty gardening 
Is Red Bull the new blow? Is it more &quot;socially acceptable&quot;? Will mom accecpt me now? Can I still go to the beach house? So confused 
Is regretting the birthday pizza form her boss  Monday after my birthday I will be kicking my butt back into gear and watching my cal more
is regretting waiting until tonight to study for my lab exam in the morning  I just want one weekend off! Just one!
Is relaxing around the house..and may go to Walmart later..i feel like being lazy..im still sick.... 
I'm tring to have fun but ugh idk 
Im tripping off how great my shows have been this week, so sad its time to wrap up the television season 
I'm truly so sad about Jon &amp; Kate's divorce  I feel like that marriage could have had a chance if they'd given up their show..
im tryig to call aaron carter he wont like pick his phone up  lol@aaroncarter7
I'm tryin 2 update my status on ere so it also comes up on FB and Bebo............but dunno how 2 do it...GGGRRRRR 
I'M TRYIN SO HARD TO USE THIS TWEETDECK BUT FIND MYSELF GOIN RIGHT BAK TO TWITTERFON 
I'm tryin' to make my weekend a lil longer by staying up late 
I'm tryin to play hookie from work but my boss keeps callin my cell!! LOL! 
I'm Tryin To Sleep But My Back Is Killing Me WTF!! I Think Someone Passed On Their Pains Humph! Not Sayin No Names  (takes percs..gnight)
I'm trying 2 smile but Wed seems like 4ever when ur waitin on a diagnosis 
I'm trying desperatly to cover up the sunburn I got this morning at the car wash 
I'm trying hard to do my physic's project.. but it's boring.. and I'm tired! I didn't sleep well 
Im trying really hard to figure out a way to get my poor doggie to stop crying. This is the second day in a row now. 
im trying really hard to pretend i'm not sad that i can't or wont see this guy for DAYS.. but it is not working...... 
I'm trying so hard not to cry in this restaurant 
i'm trying this white teeth strips and omg it made my teeth so sensitive and i cant talkkkk or they'll fall out 
I'm trying to boot ESXi 4 from iSCSI but I'm still out of luck  &quot;Failed to find boot partition&quot; 
I'm trying to create something but head's totalled... oh god!! 
I'm trying to cry but i cant. I dont want my sis to go to college! 
Im trying to enjoy my night but smthn is wrong 
I'm trying to figure out how to face my friend in a little.. I am actually having a hard time.. 
im trying to figure out the way i feel :-s im sick and tired of how he is to me, but he's all i want 
I'm trying to figure out this life! 
I'm trying to find cool Adam Lambert pics online.  I haven't been very successful 
I'm trying to find evidence that I wasn't just dreaming the past 10 hours, but Stars still hasn't made an update about it 
i'm trying to find info on zoos for my english essay....so boredd 
Im trying to find Shannon's Twitter..I cant seem to find it 
I'm trying to find the driver for my Microsoft Lifecam VX-3000 Webcam and can't find it anywhere! anyone have any links? 
Just finished praying....and I just watched Rodney's Washington DVD of memories 
Just finished preping for tomorrows lessons.  Steph busy revising for RE and maths tomorrow and Steve's packed and ready for Stafford 
Just finished putting together an Ikea dresser. Well, some of the parts were missing so its not really finished... 
Just finished Quinn's last game of the season. The Lugnuts 2009 have come to an end.  Great kids. Great assistants. Great families!
just finished reading &quot;Goong&quot; manga chapter 114 palang bagal...  http://plurk.com/p/13uvap
Just finished reading da vinci code for the first time. The middle was great the ending disappointing. 
Just finished Reading eclipse from the twilight saga...can't believe I only have one left 
just finished reading my horizontal life, getting ready to cozy up and watch he's not that into you. missing my boy 
Just finished reading 'The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas'. My heart is broken 
Just finished reading twilight... best book ive read in ages!!!... The suns shining and i have revision 2 do 
just finished 'saison' 1 of Supernatural.  damn good series imho.  darn, not tired enuf to sleep yet &amp; I have to work 2morrow too 
Just finished season 2 of avatar. Azulas a bitch. She killed Aang 
Just finished Season 2 of NCIS - they killed Kate! 
Just finished season 3 of weeds 
just finished seeing Harry Potter: The Experience and the level of detail in those movie props was insane. Photos were prohibited. 
Just finished series 7 of The Shield. Great stuff! Sad it is no more 
is relaxing with her babies, even though they arent babies nemore....      gee why do they have to grow up so fast....
is remembering two years 
is rereading &quot;PCI Compliance&quot; book, first edition, and realizing just how horrible some chapters are (not, not the ones I wrote...) 
is re-scheduling my June calendar again thanks to contractors and an unexpected out-of-town meeting that just HAS to be done before 6/30 
is resisting the sound of fireworks 
is resting at home..i didnt go to church because of my sprain at my right foot.  http://plurk.com/p/z1ef9
is resting but wishing she was at dragon boat practice with @jaecinyc 
is restless, ...had a stressful day 
is revisin 
is revising  But can't wait til her exams are all over! &lt;3 Tom
Is revising and it's bloody hard work   
is revising for her exams... is revising das polistishe System Deutschlands 
is revising for his GCSE Exams 
is revising for maths test tomorrow , JOY 
is revising for the rest of the 6 exams i have - all science arggghh 
is revising maths on GCSE bitesize - ughhhh! Hard work = 
is revising. And gonna go fetch little sis in a bit. Come on Summer  BBQ on the park on the 27th hopefully  xx
Is revisingg 
is ridiculously heartbroken that Jon &amp; Kate are divorcing, even though I knew it was coming 
is ridiculously sick after having the flight from hell... 
is ridiculously sick.  waaaah.
Is riding in the car and is tired of the music on my ipod and there isnt anything good on the radio  lame
Is rly stupid to have left her keys at home and now is sitting on the bench under her own window  R come soon save meeee...
Is rockin ramen hair. Long and curly.... 2days its gone 
Is rockin the same exhaust for at least another week 
is room-mate-less for two weeks 
is round my mums and still wishes it was saturaday again 
is rubbish at Twitter and hates the thought of work in 3 hrs 
is running fever  Why now, why today 
is running last errands before leaving home once more 
Is running late  maybe I should fly!!! Lol.
is running late because of problems with Facebook. She is feeling very annoyed right now. 
is running low of teh nip 
is s????? confused ?noq? this u?????? something ?s??? past ??? months. ??s?   http://plurk.com/p/xc0s6
is sad 
is sad    Found out last night that my old trainer in SoCal (who lives in WA now) is dying of cancer.  Must go visit while I can!
is sad  cant find a job anywhere
is sad - gonna miss all his uk friends. 
is sad  http://plurk.com/p/xu6k7
is sad  Poor Adam! Really hoped he would win Idol!
is sad  Rafa pulled out of Wimbledondue to a knee injury... http://plurk.com/p/12fdeq
is sad  things are already not the same....
Is sad  wants #twithugs
is sad !! 
is sad @overheardatmoo because her moo cards are STILL being printed and probably wont arrive before friday 
is sad about Jon and Kate 
is sad and lonely 
is sad and missing shane already. 
is sad and numb because she said some harsh things to someone dear to her   She is sorry for saying such harsh words.
is sad and tired 
Is sad at the news today...  
is sad at the prospect of saying Goodbye to some really great people and the greatest place to work in all the world.... 
is sad bc i cant go to the crawlfish bowl! 25 &amp; still never been to a concert. how sad is that? 
is sad because @INVADERashley isn't comiong to the movie wednesday!! 
is sad because his mac is gone...  Goodbye my friend...
is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold 
is sad because I dont think im going to get to see Day 26 in concert 
is sad because im thin 
is sad because no one wants to follow me 
is sad because Rock Band god hates me  He made me hella sick, put me up against the best team evar, and took my team captain to Florida.
is sad because several shows close this weekend.  It will be impossible to see all of them.  
Just finished set up in the pouring rain. Bands have started going on. Few peeps in da streets. Am worried about tryna sell soggy pillows 
Just finished setting this thing up and not Wanting to go to work in a while 
Just finished setting up my new pc. So happy and its so fast!!! Which means more work 
just finished short spin in the gentle midsummer's drizzle...I do seem to get wet on the bike with unusual frequency this year 
Just finished slumdog, good flick but I was bummed, no bricktop  #fb
just finished some work from home. I'm exhausted and heading to bed. 
just finished sorting laundry 
just finished talking to alicia&lt;3  ugh.. school tomorrow. i thought it was minimum day 
just finished tannin.. i think i might be a lil uneven since i feel asleep on my stomach  watever.. lookin for somethin to eat! hungryyy!
Just finished the board for Jay's graduation party. Now I have have to clean my room  FML.
just finished the exam of Maths.  but, the accounts' exam is waiting for me!! 
Just finished the lineup for Tyson's game tomorrow. Dayne got rained out tonight.  But we were dry at volleyball! 
is sad because she is missing out the party tonight over-seeing edc lauching. 
is sad because something's stuck under letter T  http://plurk.com/p/yw9u7
is sad break is over and she cannot go on listen to ICP radio on pandora 
is sad by how mediocrily Dan Brown's novels translate to film 
is sad cause its time to get up 
is sad cause no one will follow him 
Is sad cause she cant find her camera charger for tomorrow 
is sad cause the ocean plans were cancelled due to rain. Yay for birthday rain 
is sad cause the shoot i wanted to do, i cant cause james will have the car that day 
Is sad clint hurdle got released. I liked him 
is sad cos Lucky the bird has died  http://twitpic.com/6qqrl
is sad coz you're sad 
is sad cuz her potential hangout with a friend was cancelled. 
is sad cuz she didn't buy her father anything 
Is sad for an old friend...my heart goes out to her and her family 
is sad for Iran. Scary mess over there. 
is sad he couldn't see Star Trek tonight   Aww, final papers....
Is sad he didn't get all the cool people who were there tonight to sign his year book that haven't yet. 
is sad he dont have W@W anymore  it snapped btw
Is sad he won't get to be apart of &quot;how to be&quot; 
is sad her and @nicole_cc plan didnt work out last night 
Is sad her brothers leaving for Germany for a year tomorrow  bad times!
is sad her twitter pictures isnt working! 
Is sad his girlfriend is moving in four days 
is sad his new SB6 CD's got nicked 
is sad i cant remember or find the cute boys name i met the other night!! he was soo cute!! 
Is sad I didnt get chosen for a profile in my home town magazine!  feeling a little discourged!!!!
is sad I have a spider bite  I'm such a baby lol
is sad i have to go back to cleveland for a whole month:::    .... why meeee
is sad i have to miss the @rascalflatts Bristow show for the air show with my fam next Sunday... 
Is sad I'm missing tbs tonighy! 
is sad it's dull and gray outside where has the sun gone??? 
is sad it's raining out 
is sad lauren is leaving the hills  it was so sudden.. i dont think its time for her to go yet.. but its her time to move on... ok bedtime
is sad LVATT didnt come today 
is sad my aim stalker @oohmyG is going to bed  fml
is sad my cell phone died 
is sad no one is trying to throw him in the ocean today 
is sad nobody wants to follow her 
is sad now the guy i like is offline 
is sad now.  
is sad now. can't watch mtv movies awards because they don't play in Canada 
Is sad over not having Symbian s60 or above in his phone 
is sad she can't go to the movie's with her bff 
is sad she can't twitter on the go because of the stupid iPhone incident 
Is sad she couldnt be home for Anns birthday... 
is sad she couldn't go out with her girls tonight  It's been too long....
IM TRYING TO GET MY MOMS PICTURE ON GOODDAY WEEKEND NEWS BUT IT ISNT WORKING OUT FOR ME  SRY MOM
I'm trying to get the new Wolverine Game for my XBox 360 but it feels like an odyssey -&gt; 10 stores visted, none have it 
i'm trying to install my video capture card, but i lost my cd-key (it's original) 
I'm trying to load a new pic &amp; it's not working 
I'm trying to play some basketball right now but noone's down 
im trying to pre-order stack is the new black but its not workin 
im trying to put up a pic but it wont work!!!! 
i'm trying to recover myself after the night shift 
I'm trying to round up the ingredients needed to make homemade Oreos...thought I had them all already! 
I'm trying to save something on #pixlr, but it won't save properly.  And I really like it, too.
Im trying to sleep but i for got to bring the cot 
im trying to sleep in the car but i cant 
I'm trying to sleep, but my muscles are aching. I took some Advil and Tylenol, so I should be good soon. I had too much caffeine, too. 
Im trying to stay awake at work. listening to this girl complain about her life Uhhgg. she talks to much. and my boss is here too. great! 
im trying to study for an electrical systems exam! 
im trying to think of a song - and i cannot remember the name of it at all. 
I'm trying to understand this ... 
I'm trying to work on my last assignment of the year, but I just can't get that spark. All I want to do is lay in the grass and read. 
im trying to write more, but its failed 
I'm trying to write myself to sleep. but it's not working that well 
I'm trying very hard to not go shopping right now. 
I'm trying, but it's hard when ur heart hurts. 
Im Tryingg To Work Twitterrr!!!!!!!!!!! :S :S :S  Hellppp!!!!!!!!!!! 
im tryna download JONAS, its not working 
Im tryna paint but I DONT HAVE WHITE PAINT! 
I'm tryna stay focused on the ultimate goal here...ima need a lot of support. Goin from boyish to girlish is a big change. 
im tweeting... this is so hard... i dont get it... 
im tweetless 
Just finished the manual on optical return loss testing. The joy of working on the weekend 
Just finished the Reaper finale - liked the ending - too bad it it's done 
Just finished The Wires season 2 AMAZING! How can you feel sympathy for ALL sides? Great writing and acting. UK has The Bill 
Just finished three loads of laundry...hate doing laundry! 
Just finished throwing away almost all my stuff from college a couple of hours ago. Walking this Saturday. I am really gonna miss my univ 
Just finished to read this http://tiny.cc/Kdd3z about torture. I'm quite upset 
Just finished to watch Cowboy bebop. I am so sad 
Just finished to watch where the ligth is, we wanted to watch a dave matthews dvd but it doesn't run 
Just finished two 429 classes. Doing my hw till wdtd rehearshal 
just finished up at the driving range and i gotta say...man i sucked. Preparing to get my ass kicked on the course Thursday 
Just finished VBS 
Just finished volleyball, now off to Tahitian. @vivaciousmakeup you're already there?!?  @miltonsolano feel better baaaby! Love youuu.
Just finished watchin dat Angel n Demons...pretty good...not sure If Its worth paying to see to make someone else richer 
Just finished watchin Degrassi (I'm an addict) and now about to finish up this essay that's due tomorrow. Hippie!!! J/K 
just finished watchin tayong dalawa... i feel bad for dave, what he did really proves that if u really luv some1, u have to let them go.. 
just finished watchin the hills on the net !!! missed this weeks  ....... still recovering rom last nite = i hate being sick 
just finished watching    'marley and me' with matt and it almost mad me cry   sleepy time.
Just finished watching &quot;On the Beach&quot;...the ending has me shaken.  Nuclear war finally takes the world's people...ending w/Australia... 
Just finished watching 4 seasons of Bones in a week trying to play catch up only to realise the 5th seaon doesn't start until September 
Just finished watching a documentary on transplants and the health care system in this country, what a mess 
just finished watching all three seasons of Avatar, I'm sad its over 
Just finished watching another great eppy of Harpers Island! Now PUSHING DAISES!! I hate that it's been cancelled 
Just finished watching B.O.F So sad I can't believe Jun-pyo forgot about Jan-di 
Just finished watching 'Because I Said So'...and it's made me feel even more lonely...ugh! I thought I gave up watching chick flicks 
Just finished watching Benjamin Button 
Just finished watching Benjamin Button-loved it! Now to bed...gotta got o dentist in the AM 
just finished watching BOF. I'm sad it's over. Gona miss Jun Pyo! 
just finished watching Bride Wars with mom...wat a lame movie  so disappointed.
just finished watching denise richards show.. now im super bored 
Just finished watching final destination one. Now watching the second. I wanna go out 
just finished watching greys anatomy finale!! oh george 
just finished watching grey's finally. My face is all wet 
just finished watching Hannah Montana the Movie and it's so sad  it ALMOST made me cry. and Travis is so CUTE!! lmao xD
Just finished watching Jay's last show. 
just finished watching les miserables it was such a good movie! i almost cried 
Just finished watching Marley &amp; Me. I cried like a baby 
just finished watching Marley and Me ; such a sad movie! 
just finished watching marley and me! i cried at the end. 
just finished watching movie with Jelly bean!  I'm happy I got to see MI fam tonight wooo so tired now 
Just finished watching My Bloody Valentine 3D...... yeah no!!!! Not worth watching... 
Just finished watching my son's All Star Baseball Team Play Parlier.  They lost big.  
Just finished watching Natalee Holloway..such a sad story..now I'm going to bed 
just finished watching Pearl Harbor (the movie) and cried like a baby. 
just finished watching pearl harbor. it did not end the way i wanted it to. 
just finished watching talladega nights...and i cant sleep :/ why is my room so hot at night? 
just finished watching that star trek episode where they get that weird disease... awww... Spock's secretly depressed 
just finished watching The Curious Case of Benjamin Button - &lt;3 the movie but it brought me to tears, why must they make sad movies?! 
just finished watching The Grudge 3. Scary... 
just finished watching the last episode of prison break 
Just finished watching the last season of scrubs. I'm sad 
just finished watching the last season of The Hills 
Just finished watching the last two eps of Southland. HOLY. SHIT. I love this show. It needs to be back already. Time for PD now.  
Just finished watching the movie and now really feeling sick  can't wait until morning stuffy nose and feeling sick 
just finished watching the movie Prayers for Bobby. Broke my heart 
just finished watching the mtv movie awards...  but.. I really do hope my cuzzins ok 
Just finished watching the Spanish GP (Congrats to Jenson Button ) and now revising medical imaging 
Just finished watching Twilight. Now I'm very lonely and slightly depressed 
Just finished watching Valkyrie and it was a good way to wake me up !! Now I can't sleep 
Just finished with the season finale of #Lost. Now I need to wait for a long time to c wat happens next 
Just finished work  have to sleep since I start at 9 again
Just finished work tryin 2 find something 2 do  x
just finished writing my 'to do' list... Includes ironing and cleaning the car 
just finished writing up my monologue for drama exam i have 2 sing...  kill me now embarrasing.....
Just finishing off my speakerdog design - hmm. I think it needs a re-design 
Just finishing off the editing of the @idolmindsband gig photos then I need to do some housework 
Just finnished breakfast getting ready for more work around the house 
Just finnished lunch ... In german now ... Wats the point its not like i am going to go live in germany ... Oh great i have a text too 
is sad she didn't catch Tablo online  (DAMN those thirty minutes I had to go have lunch) &gt;_&lt;
is sad she got her plans cancled 
is sad she has lost her HN arm band...it just disappeared 
is sad she has to find a new home for her Mouseline 
is sad she has to wait another 2 months to see @katyperry 
is sad she just had to say goodbye to Meisa. 
is sad she missed the david choi concert 
Is sad she's missing tbs and eotc tonight 
Is sad she's not able to attend the pens parade,   Going to the gym then into work. Boo
Is sad she's not allowed to go to Harry's party tomorow afternoon  x
Is sad she's watching the hills season finale  Will not watch it if kristin is in a new season! She's such a whore! Going to miss lauren
is sad that @meatsamich changed my background.... i can't find my picture anymore  and i have images of that scary fish in my head.
Is sad that CA couldn't just let people love regardless of sexual orientation. 
Is sad that Derek is leaving her 
is sad that Farrah Fawcett passed away! 
is sad that he can't go hiking today, but even sadder that he stranded the scout troop out on muddy roads.  
is sad that her weekend trial of the Metopera videos is over 
is sad that he's going to miss &quot;The Imaginarium of Dr Parnassus&quot; 
is sad that his girl is leaving to go back home.... 
is sad that his injured knee is effecting his dancing.  
Is sad that his lunch buddy is leaving him 
is sad that I forgot to tape Pushing Daisies tonight.. guess I will have to wait until ABC uploads it online. 
Is sad that I have to register for summer school tomorrow 
is sad that i lost my favorite handbag and jacket at syrup on friday night 
is sad that i won't be able to swim with friends. poor ME.  http://plurk.com/p/xcz71
is sad that iPhone 3.0 is not available yet. I wanted to download it before I went to work. 
Is sad that it is @EricaB11 's last day. 
is sad that it looks like the sunshine is going away  #fb
Is sad that its rainin everywheres but the pool 
is sad that Jim will be away this week. 
is sad that jon and kate might get a divorce.  it seems like marriages don't last very long these days at all.
Is sad that justin left  ... Love you !
is sad that Leno won't be doing the tonight show anymore  Can't wait for his new show in September
is sad that LSGH has a case A H1N1. 
is sad that my flowers resemble tossed salad after the hail 
is sad that my latest Karma Update was only .03  http://plurk.com/p/11k0vy
is sad that my unplanned 3 day weekend is over 
is sad that no matter how hard i try guys take me for granted 
is sad that no one wants to dance with him  why????
is sad that one of my promoter friends thru a bad party! i HATE when that happens  lost about $3,000. Happens to the best of us, even me!
is sad that Piggy died 
is sad that raven will not be able to attend tomorrow's festivities 
I'm twittering to piss off my friends, all of whom refuse to join. Sad I missed @normmacdonald in nyc. 
im twittering, HAHA! and wanting wendy's 
I'm unable to follow rob pattinson and kristen stewart  that sux supreme!!! Sorry to hear about the whole hacker thing, its quite igno ...
im understanding twitter but not with ur help 
I'm unsatisfied with the Brasillian Groups on twitter....  
I'm up &amp; at work. I don't feel anything this mornin.  I'm numb 
I'm up 2 hours earlier than I want to be 
I'm up again mad early saw something a little unsettling on facebook, now I can't sleep   Why must it b so difficult to forget somebody?!
I'm up and feeling crappy 
im up and going to the mall!! listenin to BDOYL and called in for the tix. supposed to be caller 15 but was caller 14!! 
I'm up and in a garage  well I left my car there, I'm getting my eyebrows done And I'm trying to convince my mum to let us go starbucks!!!
I'm up and it's early  gunna do a coffee run/get gas and then find a way to get my mom up and ready to leave
I'm up and it's rainy. and Hannah is already being demanding! Did I mention it's rainy? And I don't get to seem my mom this weekend 
im up and off to woodward  fuck morrnings
Im up at 4 in the morning like gwen stefani's song!... Haunt been able 2 sleep since i got home.   I &lt;3 MINNIE
I'm up at 4:00 because Scotland time still is with me.  taking @libeydawg to breakfast.
I'm up at the early hour of 8:20 thanks mum 
im up but i have to get dressed then go to church   i am still very tired
im up cuz i have 2 go to the orthadontist ... i dont like gettin up this early 
I'm up cuz I'm pissed...filed a police report yest cuz my apt maintenance stole my camcorder. They're not getin away w/this.... 
Im up early this morning gotta play taxi once again ugh!!!!	
I'm up early, I wish I was going to bamboozle! 
I'm up excting right I really want to to shopping but will probly be stuck here all day again 
Im up far too earlier 
Just finnished washing up from a night on the court. No DUI. Still winless  Damn. Time to sleep in tomorrow morning.
just finshed having a water fight! with my little brothers! they kicked my ass with their water blasters!!  lol
just finshed walking. I'm pooped and still craving ice cream 
Just fished lunch.  Had a philly that wasn't even close to being as good as Alex's Brown Bag Philly.  
just fit her dress for Jen's wedding. I like the dress, but I don't like the weight I had put on... Wah  100... http://plurk.com/p/xd4ex
Just for a change Saturday night I saw 1, 2, 3 and 5am - this time the eldest 
just for back from track practise and fricken exhausted!!! 2 and a half hours running in the heat non stop! not very fun 
Just forced herself outta bed. Mad sleey 
Just forgot what I had to do today ... 
Just fought with my mean ass bf. now I'm tweeting in bed and trying to stop wondering where he took off to. 
just found a black kitty in my backyard... but he wouldn't play with me 
just found a booger on his hand. 
just found a bruise on the back of my arm  I hope it goes soon.
Just found a HUGE fly in my food at hop kee 
just found a tick on my knee not COOL 
Just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail
is sad that Scott Neil is straight 
is sad that scrubs has come to end 
is sad that she cant go to the movies cuz everyones busy. 
is sad that she doesn't have Monet to see Transformers when it goes into theaters tonight at midnight 
is sad that she is not seeing Basshunter at Metroplex this weekend 
is sad that she missed her bff's party tonight 
is sad that she near goes on Bebo any more, I miss the good old days 
is sad that she only has two followers 
is sad that some people are leaving for the winter holidays. @meiem stay! don't go 
is sad that South Rock has to close. olde station duznt quite cut it. 
Is sad that Susan Boyle lost her sanity &amp; it's all our fault. 
is sad that TBS was cancelled tonight 
is sad that the Apple servers are down, and I can't has OS 3 
is sad that the long weekend is over!  no more public holidays for a looong time!!!!!
Is sad that the pub I used to drink at last year burnt down.  RIP Nambucca.
is sad that the steve mccurry talk is fully booked 
is sad that there's no milk  i only had one bowl of cereal and it's already gone! it was my milk! 
is sad that they recalled my orgasmic cookies!! 
is sad that they're taking her Zicam away.  
is sad that today is her last day in san diego 
Is sad that tomorrow the week starts all over again. 
is sad that we won't be seeing Margaret Mountford any more 
is sad the weekend is almost over.... time to find that bottle of gin again 
Is sad there was no Otalia today 
is sad this is her last day 
is sad to admit he likes &quot;trash me&quot; from heidi montag 
Is sad to hear that Farrah Faucet passed  http://myloc.me/5CP1
is sad to hear the news that Mr David &quot;Kung-Fu&quot; Carradine, has passed away... 
is sad to know he'll never be able to read a new Harry Potter book.  They made me feel like a kid again.
is sad to leave St. Louis! It's my third home 
is sad to miss  &quot;Fete de la Musique&quot; this year 
is sad to say goodbye to her first student teacher today  she has been SO great!
is sad to say goodbye to her mum and sister so soon. 
Is sad to say I left my headphones at home  I feel so naked
Is sad to see his girlfriend leave for summer 
is sad today...not sure why. Trying to wrap her head around it... 
Is sad we cannot form a 9-10 year old girl's slow pitch all stars team. What a shame 
is sad!!  shock!! :-o angry!! X-(   why oh why??! IPq kok bsa turun ych?? untung aja ga d bwh 3! hikz hikz!... http://plurk.com/p/13s966
is sad, boys left for two weeks 
is sad, 'cos it's raining. 
is sad, going 2 miss &quot;the hills&quot; 2nite will have 2 watch the repeat on tues 
is sad, her bms/bffs are ignoring her and she dont know what she has done wrong 
Is sad, I can't use Twitterrifc... 
is sad, just came back from scotland&gt;  I wish i could have lived there.
i'm up for a big box from krispy kreme &amp; tesco pasta pot. IM SOO EXCITED FOR THIS BUS JORNEY 
I'm up for global an I just realized that after 10am the matts aja cort billy in my block will not be in my classes. I dnt want that  why?
Im up guys  lloll
im up here talking to my BFF! she is sleepy and so am i  58 days til BD!
i'm up i have to go to graduation watch my friends leave me  not looking forward to it
Im up in time 2enjoy the sun. If only i had male company 2go a nice run sumwhere.Grrr  im gonna hate summer this yr 
I'm up just in time to cut the lawn. New PRS guitar comes to my house today just in time for my euro tour! A lot to do before I leave tho 
i'm up late because I don't feel well 
im up late doing a persuasive essay. gosh i have no life. i jsu wanna write this thing and get it over with. sigh.    im tired!
im up now so tired! 
I'm up now!...and sick 
I'm up now. Had to twist, turn and spin around to get there.. Bit like an alligator but with no food  I want food..
I'm up quite early today. But I have the worst headache 
I'm up right now Instead of In bed......cause I can't sleep + been crying my eyeballs out for hours 
im up so early 
im up so late...agh can't sleep 
I'm up too early!  go back to sleep now!!!!!
im up too early. hideous 
I'm up too late and I'm sad.  I miss my snowbird friends. That's what happens when you live in a &quot;resort&quot; community.
Im up very early today  For the US users and more out there its 6:37 GMT/BST (the same) Which ever one you view as the time line in the UK
I'm up way earlier then I want to be 
I'm up way to early. Hate when that happens. Can't I just sleep in one day 
I'm up! Been awake for hours...couldn't sleep...damn  xx
I'm up! Gotta get ready for school, buu 
im up! lol i finally had some sleep!! woot woot!!! i have to work at 4  sucks!! lol
I'm up! unfortunately...study time 
is sad, last day in Brazil...   Back to the US tomorrow, but very excited to see all of his friends!
is sad.  sarap mag-emo. especially when the people that got you thru most of your problems becomes apathetic... http://plurk.com/p/y5nad
Is sad. Knew it would eventually hit her. Wishes she had a time machine 
is sad. Our 17-year-old Rottlweiller died in my husband's arms last night on our way to the vet. 
Is sad. She knew it would eventually hit her soon. 
is sad..  http://plurk.com/p/x4n39
is sad.. the metaphysical store is closed. 
is sad...  i hate lying to him like this. its stupid. and i miss him so much i wanna fuckin cry....
is sad...  something is fishy! I noticed... hmmm.. ok fine! whatever! http://plurk.com/p/11ra0l
is sad... dont know why? 
is sad..unfortanally me anjie couldn't have our sleepover 
is saddened bc i have absolutely NO followers! 
is saddened by jon and kate 
is saddened by the amount of tragedies occuring in N. Ireland at the moment! 
is sadly staying back at work tonight 
Is Sam Adams able to make a fruit beer that isn't obnoxiously fruity?  Cherry Wheat + Blackberry Witbier = more fruit than beer 
is sat at church wishing I had a music book with me 
Is sat at college trying to catch up on work ( like hell am i ) People Signing My Leavers Boook  Kinnndaaa Sad Going To Miss You Guys xxx
is sat at home doing nothing 
is sat at home on his Anniversary with @MissPennieLane writing a review for a gig he didnt attend. Sums everything up truth be told 
is sat at the station on my mammoth journey back home care of bloody weekend engineering works grrr 
is sat bored at college waiting for work 2 b given back, boring 
is sat by herself  because her time management sucks!
Is sat in a beer garden, can't drink tho, coz driving 
is sat in bed and doesnt want to go to work!!! 
is sat in Chemistry class! So boring 
is sat in Costa at the airport, not looking forward to saying goodbye! 
is sat in Miss Randalls n dunt no wtf 2 do  Well bored 
is sat in sophies garden. Last day today,  Fucking amazing weekend.
is sat in 'The Prom' using the net as her new flat hasnt got a connection yet 
is sat indoors whilst the sun is shining sooooo much... no fair! 
is sat reviseing english  soo bord
is sat with louise waiting for the car to come and take us to the airport, hate flying 
is saying @cwthegame I wish iot was on like mon or tue. I do a lot of traveling on fri 
Is saying a prayer for Nash and Nina. 
Is saying bye to her math tutor of 2 years.  This is going to be sad 
is saying goodbye to New Orleans 
is scared  http://plurk.com/p/11kjx0
IS SCARED  WHY DOES OCONNOR WANT TO SEE ME TOMORROW MORNING &gt;&lt;
Is scared for Sunday to come. 
Is scared of the lighting and thunder!!!! 
is scared of the shower now  EVIL spider!!
is scared of thunder  wishes she could cuddle with her amazing boyfriend.
is scared that @catiebeaton will not have a social life after tonight 
is scared that he's with some other woman.... 
is scared to go to school this wednesday  http://plurk.com/p/1127tz
is scared! 
is scared. 
is sccared abbout speech day !! :O and wishing *someone* would come online... 
is scoffin ferrero rochers whilst revising for her biochemistry exam 2moro 
is SEAF'd out!  Got some great shots tonight but ripped my favorite back seam stockings 
is searching for a jobbbbbb 
Is searching the job boards for new and exciting opportunities and turning up nothing 
is sending soo many people off. jonas.jason.mikyoung. 
is sendirian dirumah  http://plurk.com/p/11cefj
is seriously bored. MY GOD  http://plurk.com/p/z5g9i
is seriously bummed that her dream home was sold 
is seriously contemplating going under my desk to take a nap. Sooooo tired 
Just found a water leak in my closet and so we hv to turn off our water so i cant take a shower!! 
Just found an old friend.. or drinking buddy from when I was 18 on facebook. Friend request for the fun of it. I miss him 
Just found more double-press home button options.Can't see push notifications tho  #iPhone
Just found my &quot;aswsutc vp&quot; name tag  *tear good times good times
Just found my sugar glider dead in its cage.  She was seven years old.
Just found my tweets from last night, when I was obv. off my face, somewhere in London. On the train to Luton, flying is gunna hurt! 
Just found my way to a racist website/profile on youtube.I think I'm actually going to be sick, physically ill. How can they be like that 
just found my zune usb cable  i miss that little guy. where ever you are daddy still loves you! lal
just found old pictures. i miss back then  waaaah
Just found out - http://tinyurl.com/qlrcec - the fucking frenchies have set a precedent 
just found out @azcntrygrl has pneumnoia!!!  my poor sissy...
Just found out a boy from my daughter's friends died last wednesday - he was only 19 years old   So sad, so very sad...
just found out a girl from one of my classes died of heart failure last night...she was only 17 
Just found out a good friend from church, Jackie Leedom just passed away.....I am very sad 
Just found out a good friend of mine got shot yesterday morning  *D*
Just found out a prescription I need very, very much is $500. FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS.  This is really not good.  I can't pay $500 for pills.
Just found out about da game  very depressed
Just found out am not gonna be here for fathers day  Gotta get him something extra special**
just found out beard papa's in plaza bonita closed 
Just found out Campbell Brown &amp; Thomas Murphy aren't playing  Tuck &amp; Shoenmakers are late 'ins' 4 Hawks....
Just found out David Carradine died 
just found out David Eddings died  RIP
just found out driving to cairns would be like driving from melbourne to here...it's even a little further than that! 
is seriously freaked out...fuzz! 
is seriously jealous of  @starjosh atm 
is seriously peed off and wants summat good to happen pixie got cancelled from tomoro gig so now cant meet her bkstage  why me..
is seriously shitting herself about her next internet bill.fuuuck 
is seriously starting to stress out about exams 
Is seriously suffering today! 
is seriously teary-eyed over the divorce of Jon &amp; Kate. 
is seriously thinking about forwarding usernames of spymaster spammers to @spam -_- unfollowing just isnt working anymore 
is seriously wondering what the Australian public were thinking by kicking my baby Kat off of SYTYCD!  I miss her already...
is severely disapointed by new jonas brothers album 
Is SG too hot the past 10 days? Really, I m not able to sleep in night. I feel too hot esp night and even difficult breathing 
Is shattered about todays soccer game  poor effors guys
is shattered again 
is shattered and has to get up at 6 for work, bad times 
is shattered! those kids tire me out  but is thrilled her sister has arrived home safely x x
is she still up ?? is she is then u shud be online.. dunno how to find out 
Is Sheryl Crow boinking Kid Rock? She's better than that 
Is Shit At Playing Halo 
is shocked that Valve is releasing Left 4 Dead 2 at the end of this year! That's only 1 year of development... this feels like a cash-in. 
is shocked what he just twitter. Omgeee. 
is shocked. I think I'm gonna be sick.  
is shopping and cleaning today!  Back to work tomorrow 
is shopping around online for a franchise to buy :p lol so fun. all the places i want don't franchise though 
is sick  all of a sudden too. blah
is sick  and have exams
is sick  anyone have any good &quot;get better fast&quot; idea?
is sick  bah...its such a waste of time
is sick  Boooo...but found a great training plan for a half marathon! Looks do-able! Yaaah! Start once cold is over..hopefully Tuesday.
Is sick  common immune system! All engines go! Warp speed
is sick  I hate this. I've been in bed for the past 12 hours &amp; 23 minutes. Srsly. Only time I stood up was to get tissue.
is sick  I WANT WED TO COME I WANT CAST OFF. http://plurk.com/p/uiiwn
Is sick  it sucks.
is sick &amp; overtired. Im a wreck. My gurl with chicken-pox &amp; I will be house bound til the end of week.... NOT FAIR 
is sick &amp; tired of being sick &amp; tired 
Is sick -.-&quot; , Loving work experiance&lt;3, but hating this shit. 
is sick :'( i have a head cold or Something 
is sick again. thats twice within 2 weeks 
Is sick and alone at home 
Is sick and couldn't sleep  booooo!!!!
Is sick and has a runny nose. 
is sick and has lost her voice 
is sick and home alone 
Is sick and it just wont go away!  But Dave Barnes is with me so it is all ok!
is sick and lonely 
is sick and misses @powboley 
is sick and tired of all this lower back pain. 
Is sick and tired of her sister being annoying! 
is sick and tired of lo-fi sound 
is sick and tired of Target breadsticks  I need pancakes or cinnamon buns or something!
is sick and tired... of being sick and tired.... 
is sick and wants cuddles 
is sick and wants to be in bed 
is sick and wants to hide from the world 
Is sick as a dog  and is leaving for Bermuda tomorrow!
is sick as a dog on his birthday  not good
is sick as a dog! one min im hot the next im freezing!       I cant wait for summer!
is sick as a dog!! 
Is sick as hell 
is sick as...  won't be at school tomorrow cause of it, I have no doubts about that
Is sick at camp 
Is sick in T.O  hoping tomorrow will be more successful!
is sick of all the fighting !!!! stop it please 
is sick of bein ill  ..scan tomoro, finally gonna know whats wrong with me!
is sick of being the person you can't take anywhere and knows its no ones fault but his own.  night kids.
Is sick of doing homework! 
Is sick of english coursework and sick of maths revision for her test in June  HELP!
is sick of feeling so ill 
is sick of having bad days at work. I don't know why, but people just seem to genuinely hate me lately. 
Is sick of having nightmares! 
Is sick of hayfever....argh, feel so shitty 
is sick of packing 
is sick of summer already 
is sick of things not working  and is going to have a mental breakdown over it.
is sick this sucks..... 
is sick to my stomache! 
is sick today  Hadn't happened in so long that I could not remember how much it sucks !
I'm up!! Really don't feel like studying though 
I'm up&amp;off2the airport while@the same time missing Hank so much,but I know April will take good care of him 
I'm up, and very tired, why do I have to go to work today? 
I'm up, but I never said I'd like it lol..my eyes are sore, and allergies are going crazy  &lt;&lt;thats right... double frown...
I'm up, getting ready for school. Grr, I get out around 3 tho 
I'm up, I'm Up! And I'm going to work...   
I'm up, sick no more (: and it a better temperature outside (: buut looks like I'll do zilcho seen as everyone went out when I slept 
I'm up.  I'm up but I still feel dead tired.  
I'm up. getting ready for skill. can't wait to fail my bio final yay! ugh, honor classes suckkkk.  ):
im up. Last day, sad sad  Goin for a breakfast now!
I'm UP...  NO DRO AN CAN'T EVEN FALL ASLEEP! UGHHHHHHH :-/
I'm up..n I've got to stop mobile following u. Oh, I had a dream where I died.  ima write a few songs...u got my bbm? Get @ me..
I'm up.i gotta say bye to the bestieeee.she leaving for egypt.for the whOleeeee summer!! 
I'm uploading photos of my friends....but it doesn't work 
Im upset   i need a hug
I'm upset  I can't find @ddlovato and @selenagomez 's People magazine anywhere 
I'm upset about John and Kate! 
Im upset because someone has taken Daz401 as a username 
I'm upset I can't make my 'she can farrah faw-sit on my dick anytime' joke anymore 
im upset that now my holiday is over! 
I'm upset. I lost my memory card tht had all the JB pics and my sisters grad. pics too! It's like I didn't even go to the concert! 
I'm used to being the one who is late. Damn, waiting around really sucks. Sorry to anyone I've ever made wait a long time 
I'm used to having the house to myself in the mornings before work. Now that Natalie quit her job, I've temporarily lost that luxury 
I'm using GeekTool 3, but it's very bugy now 
I'm usually so good at using sun block but not yesterday - only used factor 15 - and I look like Dr Zoiberg from Futurama this morning! 
is sick with a stress fever of 102.3. Ewwwww  Haven't slept.
is sick with bronchitis AGAIN 
is sick with some stomach bug. 
is sick with teh fever.  but im so happy that my baby took care of me yesterday the whole day so i'm feeling so much better 
is sick with the flu thats not the swine flu and needs some sympathy.. 
is sick, a congested forehead (its possible) and chest. Achy eyes and back, all I wanna do is sleep the weekend away! 
is sick, but still had to drive into work and grab his laptop so he could work from home... 
is sick, cough and flu! 
is sick, has an appointment at 6, and hasn't finished cooking yet. 
is sick... again... 
Is sick...again 
is sick..at home... 
Is sickk , my cough is gettin worse 
is sickly and lost cellphone yesterday. 
is sicksicksick!  One more day at Woodlands. Hopefully I can shake this horrible cold soon! This is miserable.
is silly tired 
is singing boys II men with the gang and refuses to leave first year 
is singing!!! I should of showed you...better nights better times better days!!! I'm so tired 
Is Single Again.... 
is single and hating it 
is sipping on an earl grey tea with eucalyptus honey to try and make my throat feel better. Winter sux 
is sisk and last day of holidays 
is sittin at home sick today 
Is sittin at work 
is sitting at breakfast with my students. Everyone is so busy studying that they don't have time to talk to me 
Is sitting at home bored. 
is sitting at home feeling pretty crappy 
is sitting at home missing the big party tonight...   Sad!
is sitting at home planning trip to perth and addicted to restaurant city  oh dear
is sitting at home wishing that i didnt have to work today. ask for it off and still have to work 
I'm usually very good about rebooting my PC every Monday morning before starting work. I didn't today and I paid the price. 
I'm veeeeeeeeeery sick 
im very bored      
I'm very bored 
im very bored and upset i have to go to school another day of tortchure i hate school and the school hates me  i am out of the circle of
i'm very bored right now 
I'm very bored today... Can't you see it? 
i'm very boredddddddddddddd 
I'm very confused right now :S 'bout several things :S and feeling a little bit sad, i don't know why :S 
im very disappoint  i order two books a month ago and they wouldnt be arriving till june 19 grrrr!
I'm very disappointed n the Cavs now I don't have anybody 2 go 4 n the finals  
I'm very disappointed tonight, the movie 'Drag Me To Hell' was terrible. Plus I had high-hopes that it will be great. 
Im very dry 
Im very ill....again! Stuck in bed not being able to enjoy the sunshine  x
I'm VERY impress with @TweetDeck on the iPhone. A lot of though has gone into it with the column use &amp; design. No update sound though lol 
I'm very jealous of everyone going to see transformers tonight 
I'm very nervous about my 1:00 dental appointment. There are nothing but scary bad reviews of Willamette Dental on the internet 
im very sad 
I'm very sad - my cat Reece is in the cat hospital and may have asthma. He's been very sick today. I'm really missing him tonight. 
I'm very sad  Show do McFly nesse exato momento, e eu aqui...
im very sad 4 chantelle and tom 
I'm very sad because my fedex tracking number isn't working it's been 2 damn days *cries* where is by new laptop? 
I'm very sad I don't qualify to be a contestant on Rupaul's Drag Race because of my vagina 
I'm very sad that my party is going to prob fail tonight 
Im very sad that they have to humanely euthanize the whales that have beached 
I'm very sad! I didn't get to say goodbye to everyone!!!!!! 
im very sad!! 
im very sad..   miley follow me !
I'm very sad/mad. Our air conditioning won't be fixed for week.  Oh well. I made my sign last night for Archie's concert whoo! : D P.L.G.
im very sick on a saturday morning 
I'm very sick! 
IM VERY SLEEPY  WILL SOMEONE COME RESCURE ME PLZ?  IM AT WORK...
I'm very soon gonna emigrate to #Greenland... the last free part of landscape in this cruel world!! 
Just found out ebony &amp; jet mag r goin under  nside scoop frm an aka
Just found out Eleventh Hour was cancelled after season 1. That's a shame. 
Just found out English oral is due Thursday rather than tomorrow. So relieved. I still haven't started. 
Just found out fruit loops makes me terribly sick  i been eating healthy so they jack my stomach up 
just found out her favorite counselor is leaving Sunday. 
Just found out I am working all Christmas off new years eve back on at 6am new years day 
Just found out I can't go to San Francisco this summer because @jmsgrady is out of town the one weekend I'd be able to go 
Just found out i didnt get the jod...great!!!!! 
Just found out I have to work tomorrow too!!!!!! 
Just found out i live across st from crack factory 
Just found out I want be able to go see my daddy tomorrow before he leaves because Ty has an activity tomorrow morning, that sucks 
just found out I was born on a wednesday....I was really hoping it was a Tuesday 
just found out i wont know my uni results for this year until 17th july at the earliest!!!! hate the wait 
Just found out if my daughter can not take more from the bottle she will have to get a g-tube  Poor girl does not need another surgery.
just found out i'm gonna be let out early tomorrow, cos we're getting the results. omg if i fail science... 
Just found out it might rain on June 7th  I'm still wearing a t-shirt and skirt, just with a hoody too.
Just found out jimmy fallon is married 
Just found out J's abuelo in Puerto Rico is brain dead after a terrible accident. They are taking him off of life support soon. 
Just found out Kaden is leaving us tomorrow at 3pm...pray for him...we are going to miss K Dog. 
Just found out my Abuelo in Aguadilla is not doing well 
just found out my all time favorite teacher died saturday 
Just found out my Bachelorette boyfriend is...a BREAKDANCING INSTRUCTOR! Sad.  See my FB photos for reference.
just found out my bank was slow on getting the commitment letter to seller's agent, so now I may get penalized if I don't close in time 
is sitting at work  and there is absolutely nothing to do...
Is sitting at work, wondering how much she made today.. :/ .. Wanna go home 
is sitting back looking at pictures thinking of things...missing things and people... 
is sitting here at home with yet another rainy day. 
Is sitting here, It's 4:07am...I'm tired.. I miss Rose... Wish I wasn't on my own 
is sitting in a coffee shop @ the strip in Ttown watching it rain! 
is sitting in an empty house all on her own 
is sitting in jury duty 
is sitting in my room at the GWL too bad the outside pool isn't open...even though we were told it was going to be 
Is sitting in schipol airport waiting to go home...to work 
Is sitting in science freezing  four days (:
is sitting in the dark  why come I cant turn the lights on?!?
is sitting in the hospital. I'm getting hungry and i miss kelby 
Is sitting on the beach. Just went for a swim, then will go for a run then back to beach and ocean for a bit...then office to do expenses 
is sitting waiting to go to the dentists and then i have to go to school 
Is sleep vital? Necessary? Because I don't seem to get enough lately...but not sure I want to 
is sleeping alone for the first time in a LONG time 
Just found out my beloved doggie is in early stage kidney failure.  I'm very sad. 
Just found out my bestest little buddy is back in the hospital hooked up to iv.... 
Just found out my boyfriend had Tales of the World in his hands last week and did not buy it! Now it's sold out. 
Just found out my BroInLaw lost his job last week. First person I know affected by financial crisis. That sucks! 
just found out my brother has been in the hospital since Tuesday night and nobody bothered to tell the rest of the family...gggrrrr 
Just found out my brother was robbed this weekend at gun point.  scary
just found out my cat has a bladder infecton. Clears up the extra pee around me house 
Just found out my contact form was being dubbed Spam and wasn't forwarding properly. When checked, I had no legit contacts anyway. Double 
Just found out my cousin was on that DC Metro train that crashed yesterday 
Just found out my eye is bruised. Me and Andrew are a beast team in chicken fighting! We were undefeated last night at Liz's house. 
just found out my favorite student left our school.  i no longer like my advanced grade 1A class...boo 
just found out my girlfriends cheating . ouch 
just found out my grandpa has been put in hospice care.  
just found out my masters project might be cancel 
Just found out my mommy might have cancer again... I is really sad 
Just found out my mom's cat is HIV pos.  This is going to throw a kink in her taking him with her to assisted care...
Just found out my pastor's leaving the church.  He will be missed.
Just found out my secret crush has a girlfriend! Aint that 'bout a Bish.     boo hoo.  Oh well, things happen for a reason
just found out my van had 2 be sent 2 dealer. I hope I get it back this week. I miss the Odyssey 
Just found out one of my best friends is getting married. Only I am left now 
Just found out one of my friends from my old job was beaten by her husband. 
just found out one of the people i know have the C disease. 
Just found out our free Saturday isn't so free anymore.   sleeping in till 8am SCORE! haha
Just found out some horrible news about a fellow DFer.   Trying hard not to cry.
Just found out someone I knew, dated, and no longer see  but still care for suffered a stroke last night. I feel totally helpless... 
Just found out Suzanne Vega is playing in Birmingham... when I am in France: gutted!! 
just found out Tara got let go from 94.7! She was my favorite too 
Just found out that &quot;Pup's&quot; mom is in the hospital with heart problems.   at least the have a good Cardiac Care Center at St. Luke's CR.
Just found out that a friends brother died  Funeral Tuesday. Another friend lost his mom on mothers day 
just found out that alcohol is not vegetarian friendly... Um what?  
just found out that Bill (possibly) killed himself? WTF? RIP David Carradine. 
is sleeping on the floor... *sigh* i wish i had a bed 
is sleepy  wake me up, somebody  http://plurk.com/p/xst6e
is sleepy (: Argh! This is bad  http://plurk.com/p/11w66n
is sleepy and doesnt want to go to work 
is sleepy and she wants to go shopping. 
is sleepy reading her own industrial training report 
Is sleepy sleepy time...last full day is tomorrow 
is sleepy. Boo~ So many homework. 
Is sleepyyyyyy but can't sleep cause I've to go out in 3hrs 
is slihtly bored, having this tooth out is no fun  cant go anywere
Is slowly getting back into work mode. This weather just makes me want to lay around all day &amp; neglect my work...so not good stuff 
is slowly losing his patience and marbles 
is slowly realizing the fact that her momz is moving to Europe to join Dad tmrw and she'll be living alone..getting abit sad. 
is sneezing like crazy.  Doc gave me a medrol pack to calm the allergies down and I'm still waiting for it to kick in. 
is sneezy this morning, I cant wait to feel better 
is snowing again! i'm moving... don't know where yet 
is so 50/50 
is so alone. 
is so annoyed at andrew and thinks he is being mean and blowing everything out of proportion    and i love morgan smith with all my &lt;3
is so annoyed right now.....stupid title software isnt working.......I shouldve stayed home with my Yoshi 
Is so bad that you can not be with the person you love!  I feel bad because I like two people who can not be with me! Why to me?
is so beat. I don't feel like leaving @ 7am. 
is so bloated  and needs to lose weight this summer!!!
is so bloody tired 
is so bored 
is so bored and has to go to sleep! going to be busy tomorrow 
Just found out that Elliot Tittensor (Carl Gallagher) is appearing in Retro Rooms 2night aswell... 
just found out that fat boy slim did a mix of brimful of asha- im not happy, i hate that song 
just found out that he lost his coin purse.  gone are 100php, 40php-worth mrt card and fitness first card. 
just found out that hulu is only available inside the US. 
Just found out that I chipped one of my front teeth!  Idk how or when it happened, but I am REALLY upset now! Is there a way to fix that?!
Just found out that I will be gone for 12 days starting this weekend. To a place I find completely uncomfortable.  Can kitty come with me?
Just found out that im not taking my truck 
Just found out that my Favorite Pizza place got closed down due to the owner pistol whipping a customer. 
Just found out that my MAX session proposal about BitmapData/AR was rejected because it was in the FMS section. 
just found out that my mum  and my adopted auntie are on twitter.. check them out my mum is TessM64 and my awesome as auntie is tania38
Just found out that my new blackberry hasnt got a camera !  ow well. i need starbyysss; i am addicted 
Just found out that one of my favorite Discovery shows from last season is not being renewed...both angry and disappointed at Discovery 
Just found out that one of my old managers was just murdered. RIP #rosa valencia  she leaves 3 kids
Just found out that out first class of today, ballet, is cancelled 
Just found out that Quentin from One Tree Hill was shot and killed off the show!?!? Wth....this isnt makin me feel ne better 
just found out that someone deleted Wuthering Heights from the Skybox. 
Just found out that Steve Mason has a GIRLFRIEND!! That's gonna definately put a damper on my day   
just found out that th camera is not coming just yet. 
Just found out that The Dudes are on before Said The Whale tomorrow night at Reverb + I'll likely still be out at Edgefest working. 
Just found out that the VP from my most favorite job passed away unexpectedly this past weekend. Terrible news. 
just found out that there is a fatality on the Paddington-Reading line. Looks like its going to be a long commute back to Windsor 
Just found out that they are running a lil behind. 
Just found out that we have school photos tomorrow  No! i hate the, i always look bad and mum is making david &amp; i have photos together 
just found out the foxtel people are takng away disney chanel and giving us nikelodeon... yuk!! no more hannah montana 
i'm very sophisticated : when i eat food with chocolate bits i invariably drop, then sit on the bits...so i look like i've shat myself 
I'm very sore after training 
I'm very sorry for the little disturbance at #SAPInsidetrack in Palo Alto! Just went into a debugging session when lines unmuted 
I'm very tiiiiired 
I'm very tired - pain induced insomnia last night 
i'm very tired, cause saw the Nba playoff final than i can't sleep.... 8:00 i must go to excursing  pfff
I'm very tired.....because of being travel - sick in buses yesterday 
Im very unpopular here on twitter 
I'm very upset that I have not flown anything. AA doesn't have any flights to offer while &quot;On-Call&quot; yet they won't release me either! 
I'm very upset that I have work tomorrow  lol
I'm VERY upset that I missed 25 cent gelato day at Soup &amp; Co. 
I'm very upset with myself 
I'm very upset with this new... http://www.imdb.com/news/ni0842674/ 
i'm very very sad 'cause  @Adam_Brody refused my following invitation   anyway i'm still being your fan Adam, I REALLY LIKE YOU! ;)
im very very sunburned  and pretty tore up about things. this is just wierd.
I'm very worried and saddened about the loss of NCR.  This is the company where both my grandparents and my parents met. It IS Dayton. 
I'm very, very lost here. 
I'm very, very sad about Jon &amp; Kate 
I'm vomitting again. I'm not sure what the probLem is.     I'm the most non-pregnant person with morning sickness. Ugh.
I'm waiting 4 big brother 2 come on at 10pm ... still a lot of time left thou 
i'm waiting at home with chelsea while @happyjodi takes AJ to the hospital cause he slit his eye open on the corner of the table 
I'm waiting for 9:30PM! Shouldn't have agreed to work tonight b/c it gonna take me some time to get ready! 
I'm waiting for my fairy godmother to come and tell me 'you shall go to the ball'. Although I think the chances are very slim 
I'm waiting for my hangover to kick in. I know it's on it's way 
I'm waiting for my mom to get up.   What movie did u see?
Just found out the key he sings &quot;Be A Denist&quot; in is lower than previously practiced. Great... Now it sounds shitty.  
just found out there's no Santa Clause 
Just found out tonight is a late skate so dont get off til 1 
just found out what happened to BABA. She died with a rare skin disease. Grabe, it broke my heart... 
just found out, don't know id it's true but jessica mauboy also support for beyonce's tour?? all tix are sold out 
Just found out,not sure if I will be able to attend &quot;freedom weekend&quot;, due to work 
just found someones lost kitten   I feel good!!!! dam there was no reward though! 
Just found the Dell Mini 12 with the Muse in Orange colour on Dell Outlet!  It's such a bargain... I hate being poor! 
just found the most gorgeous pair of vintage dior sunglasses... they are ï¿½125 though 
just founf out that a friend of mine 's cat got hit by a car an died :'(  and she have 3 kittens :O   sooo sad :'( RIP doris &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Just freaked the hell out because i opened the door and it sounded like a bee.  damn it's hot here.
just fustrating day.  i love you ica
just fyi, i pulled a giant stupid and destroyed my laptop... now my computing involves sitting in the greg lab... so im never on 
is so bored and her body aches 
is so bored and wants to do something killer, but everyone has plans 
is so bored at work ahhhh !  stuck here till 10 ahhhh !
is so bored of revising criminology when the sun is shining outside and everyone else is sunbathing 
is so bored that she is considering watching big brother tonight! how cool am i! 
is so bored.... 
is so bored...noone is online..they are all gone to the concert 
is so boredd... want to see my sister so much  pick up the phoneee i need u lol
is so boring now.. sleepy and decided to go for a cup of drink.. to regenerate myself!! 
is so broke. Walking to return soda bottles. 
is so confused 
is so confused. i love my boysâ€¢but i think a reputation is gonna get around-i madeout with some guys at a par-t and i hve a fling  help
is so crankyyyy I wanna hit someoneeeeee 
is so damn bored at work - and its only Thursday 
is so depressed by the news that Rafa won't be able to defend his title at Wimbledon. Great start to the weekend. 
is so depressed.. the lovely weather is gone...   I should have been born in a warm country....
is so disappointed . I'm so stupid 
Is So Dissapointed Man My Mini-pool Sucks  Never Get Them They Will Just Upset You
Is so excited for today! But still needs the idea for the money 
is so exhausted it's unbelievable.... 
is so exhausted on every level...........&amp; missing her bestie 
is so frikken cold. . Not used 2 this jozi weather. . I want durbs and mis home 
Is so frustrated  I don't want to feel shitty anymore..
is so frustrated with her own body right now 
is so glad she doesn't have the flu or have to be quarantined. No swine flu just nasty Bronchitis  yuck.
Is so glad to have both kids in bed! may not get to watch boston legal  to tired
is so god daymm bored and has the worst stomache acheee 
is so good to be home. Tomorrow is gonna be sad. 
is so gutted for al 
is so happy i could finally leave i totally wish i had of just went to work instead 
is so happy that there's finally one of the as-yet-unaired &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot; on tonight!   Sad that there are only three left. 
is so hating singapore right now   okay,not really..
is so hot im ready to pass out 
Is so hot... I cant take it... I jus look lyk a skinny punk in a t-shirt 
is so hungover. had two chicken parmas last night and didnt stomach either of them. 
Is so hungry 
is so hungry. Might not have time for food. Boo! 
is so ill, she actually just wants to die....  and thinking about saying goodbye is hurting so much 
is so impatient... come home now! 
is so incredibly bored and lonely  hate/love the night.
is so jealous that Milton Keynes had @NathanFillion. I've lived in Bedford for 10years. I move to Cardiff and you get the best visitor. 
is so jelous of Caroline, shes gone Spain for the week 
is so lazy! june doesn't like me very much 
is so looking forward to next week. Finals week sucks   I need another vacation. haha
Is so mad at her self I ruined everything with him..  I guess I'll be on the ferris wheel tonight by myself with my gallon of icecream (
im waiting for the bus surrounded by a bunch of immature kids.. so angry 
I'm waiting for the next 43 visitors on http://short.to/g9l0 ... 
im waiting forbthe power to go out, its bound to happen 
I'm waiting my friends at my school here alone..!! Like a stupid girl..!!! 
Im waiting on my teacher. She is going to give me a bandage. I have hurt myself on the finger, and it hurts! 
I'm waiting patiently. Going home in a bit.. 
I'm waiting! 
I'm Wake. I wanna eat the cake of chocolate. 
IM wakey wakey wakey wakey got steak for lunch and cock with eyes lol.YAy its SONDAY SONDAY SONDAY and tomorrow is fuck day 
I'm walking all disabled home 
Im walking back home now....bored 
I'm walking home now. It's dark and late. I hope I don't get arrested......  haha
I'm walking like Fred Sanford. 
I'm want my mommy. 
I'm want to play pirates life! And my husband won't play! I guess ill play alone 
im wantin 2 go bk 2 nYc ...... 
i'm wanting to burst into tears for the first time in months 
i'm wanting to find this kid from my childhood. needle. haystack.  he was my thomas j (ya know...from that movie my girl)
I'm washing my house. some lovely teenage haterz egged me during blogtv last night, that's the sound i kept hearing 
I'm wasting my 600th update on you, stupid fever! Yes you've guessed it. FEVER! FEVER ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT. Shite  Long night tonight.
im watchin 20/20, so sad 
Im watchin My laptop screen  Really sick Waiting for erin to work out her twitter account!!
im watchin oprah since tyra is not on for the summer 
I'm watching #terminator TSCC, striped on UK TV. So much better than Dollhouse.  I miss these people, this show 
I'm watching &quot;Whose wedding is it anyway&quot; and I'm getting a little depressed. 
I'm watching , @AlyciaBella, @v_simmons, @laceefranks I wish i was at this party they are having so much fun,  i hate Australia now.
Just FYI, RUIN HOLLYWOOD IS CLOSED.  Last Friday was our Closing Night.  
just fyi...marrying bottles n cleaning the bar not fun  grrrrrr
Just gave @eddieededdy his morning walk. He's eating now. Which only means another walk  greedy boy
Just gave a homeless guy food at a redlight and he cried.  It broke my heart! I wish I had the power to fix the world 
just gave away about 20 pairs of shoes.. bye bye shoes  ... time to get 20 more
Just gave away his ipod touch!  Atlease i know i made her happy!  Love ya sis
Just gave Charlie back. 
Just gave CSU a whole lot of $$$  (via @C_Sandiego)&lt;&lt;&lt; I'm glad my money giving days are over ..
just gave Manolo her i.v medicines. Mom's born-day tday! wish it was a better day to feel good about  still concerned about my babelet. 
Just gave my @Pink tickets I finally manage to find away to my friend so she could take her sister for her 13th bday!! But I want to go 
Just gave up most of my sites and it killed me to do so 
Just gave up on getting Civ IV to work. Maybe my MacBook just isn't meant to hardcore game  @paulfanelli did you ever get Rome TW to work?
just get me the dentist adjusted brakcets ... my teeth hurt a lot! cry .. 
just gettin dumped by ma bf ova msn ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh hw fun is that 
Just gettin home  ...but atleast they pay overtime...I have tickets for Blue Magic, link me for dem.
Just gettin home &amp; what a surprise brownies but no vanilla ice cream  booooooooooooooo
just gettin in from work as usual &amp; gotta be back at 6! My phone is mesed up...anyone know who's selling an Alltel phone? 
Im watching a depressing Episode of Batman  but talking gorillas make it ok
I'm watching a movie its so romantic and wierd but so romantic makes me wanna cry 
I'm watching all the pretty new flowers get covered in snow. Thought winter was over 
I'm watching an absolutely terrible film on tv. Shadow warriors 2. I just can't stop watching 
I'm watching an uber scary movie! 
I'm watching 'Breakfast with Scot' while doing some knitting. It's making me seriously &quot;homesick&quot; for Toronto. 
I'm watching bridezillas and I am so ready to get married. C'mon I'm not getting any younger. 8 years and a 4 year old daughter later 
i'm watching fast cars race. no not silverstone and am wishing i was in brooklyn. sigh. adam i can't mullerice  rice doesn't like me
I'm watching Finding Nemo and 4 tiny passed out children when shiner, party fun, and the boy are elsewhere. Awesome. Guhhhhhh. 
i'm watching Get Smart with no one to cuddle and giggle with 
im watching greys anatomy last episode. so sad 
I'm watching Hank n Jim's replay at http://stickam.com/hankandjim - on my own   Join me?!
Just getting back from the family type thing. Why is it so exhausting? I did not get alcohol.   Guess I can handle it every 3 years, lol
Just getting home from diner humhum so good haaaa an extra 1/2 hr of running in the am 
Just getting home, last pool party tomorrow for gay days 2009 
Just getting off the computer, about to play some xbox 360 with my cousin. I can't sleep. Can't believe I slept in late today 
just getting off work. Damn this ish can suck sometimes 
Just getting ready for work  Lacking energy after my two day conference!
Just getting ready to go home and the heavens open   FML.
Just getting ready to go to work   oh well at least there's the Bank Holiday monday!
Just getting ready to take my big girl for her pre-school booster jags 
Just getting started on my day.Im mad its raining   Maybe I need to eat more then this yogurt for breakfast or lunch...brunch there we go
Just getting stuff back into the office. Tired from a long day-headed back home to study for finals probabay 
Just getting to calistoga. Had a tamale at Perry's and it was average at best. 
Just getting up (7.20) haven't been up this early in weeks., I don't like it 
Just getting up from a bomb ass nap!!! Still tired though did alot today 
Just getting up wow its gonna be a nice day today too bad i have to study 
Just getting up... Watching Brooklyn move around the living room.. she's getting so big 
just give up, theres no point!!! 
just giving myself a small break from doing revision.   Exam at 14:30pm 
is so mad she's home tonight bored   @DelonteWest13 love you baberz !
is so missing HOME!!! 
is so nauseous at work 
is so not havin a great day 
Is so not looking to thursday at all. 
is so not ready for tomorrow  [g]
is so over Facebook's ads with the ugly teeth. 
is so pissed off, upset and god knows what else right now  :'(
is so poorly  i've been sick 12 times throughout the night!
is so proud of all her friends for passing their degrees.. though hates them a little bit for leaving 
is so proud of my nephew, he graduated h.s. today. Sad I couldn't be there. 
is so ready for the summer. May have to cancel ATL trip... 
is so sad about jon and kate 
Is so sad after watchin Jon &amp; Kate plus 8  . For the record tho, ya , Kate's a bitch, but Jon is a selfish asshole.
is so sad for Lebron....  DAMN THAT MAGIC! smh
is so sad Harvey has gone home 
Is so sad he still has 5 hours and 22 mins. 
is so sad I cant bring my little kitty to my new house 
is so sad I'm not seeing my kids this summer...   Their mom is not sending them to spend the summer with me as always. SUCKS!
is so sad james is leaving  only 12 more days.. and incredibly sunburnt.. i'm SO red, and my mother screamed when she saw it.. woooo 
is so sad my friend aleex went back to germany today 
is so sad NKOTB cancelled  BUT USA HERE I COME!!
is so sad that her skein of sock yarn had a knot... a knot that tied two very different dye lots together.  
Is so sad that i broke my camera last night 
is so sad that she can't vote for demi lovato, who is nominated for the teen choice awards  i have to live in the United Stated :| vote!!!
is so sad.  aunt annie passed away this morning. te,at least wala nka gibati nga sakit karn. i will miss you! 
is so sadddd. ... docmike doesn't trust me 
is so saddddd........  i want to do something!
Just go grounded until finals because I am not home now.   Is it really worth it?  I think so
Just go home from watchin Marissas 15th dance recital....she did amazing....i'm so sad i won't see her dance again!  Graduation in the am!
just gobbled down a shit load of pizza slices and she feels like crap 
just going 2 bed now. got alot accomplished but still have sooooo much 2 do 
just going into school 2 get some spanish CDs &quot;sigueee&quot; haha. Then guess what my plans are .. studying all day again! 
Just going to bed :-0 Fly back home at 3pm 
Just going to go for a review of the GadgetShows top 5 freeware might get some of them,despite the fact half of them are poor 
Just going to kill myself because i'm so bored. I want to hang out so bad 
Just googled sun poisoning-pretty sure I have it. Seriously fried from the church VBS carnival today. Hurt too bad to go to bed. 
just got &quot;UY&quot;-ed by.... someone. bad timing, i look awful. 
just got 2 shots from the doctor today  One on each arm!
just got 3.0 for the iPhone.  I like the improvements but it makes me pine for the new hardware too.  No upgrade for me until Dec.  
Just got a blow to the head with a hard giant bottle while trying to kill this huge ass bug during the GO staff meeting. Major Ouch 
just got a call from her mom...she broke her ankle again 
im watching jonas. they make kevin look so stupid. poor kevin 
im watching kinie fill out an about me thing on fbk bcoz i gave up with german. 
I'm watching mickey mouse with my baby brother trying to put him back to sleep...poor lil guy teething must not be fun at all 
I'm watching My Bloody Valentine and its really creeping me out 
Im watching Pinkpop. The Killers. Wish i was there 
i'm watching romeo and juliet in english. they don't really do it  sucks
I'm watching Saw 5 with the boyf. Makes me miss @likethedisease a lot 
im watching Step Sister From Planet Weird! i love old school disney. Whoa i ate subway too fast. tummy ache. 
I'm watching Taken and I want to cry. I'm sad  I will never go to Paris or Russia
im watching tele and on cmputer on twitter and the adds have just came on 
im watching terminator 3, it sucks !!! 
i'm watching The Dark Knight w/ my mom and bro....so sad still about Heath Ledger  I loved him!
I'm watching the French Open in the waiting room at the dentist, awaiting impending pain  at least the men are hot
I'm watching the GP of Britain Silverstone, maybe this will be the last F1 Season  
is so shocked right now!!! too many things to think about!! WTF!!! 
Is so sick  on the train heading home to the doctor and a little TLC....
is so sick of dealing with these insurance people. ahhh! i just want a car! 
is so sick that she can't barely stand 
is so sick.(cries) 
Is so sleepy, it's not even funnny  Oh, how I hate Mondays!
is so so sick and its a long weekend 
is so so so tired at work!! lunch break!! then summer classes begin &amp; i'm taking three this summer!! not exciting! 
is so so tired after working all day, wana go out drinking but have my final exams monday 
Is so so tired! Test in a bit 
is so so tired, and I only got through half of OM and still have MKT and MGMT to go.    Final is at 2 p.m. tomorrow...
Is so so upset her boyfriend is having his picture taken with Gok Wan right now. Ash... I hate you for ruining my dream  You big bumface.
is so sore from the pool yesterday! heading to putt-putt today and then to tmac for the night....Im exhausted already!! 
Is so sorry i missed my friends daughters grad, so sorry! 
is so sorry that she made Celeste come in to campus on her bday...  HAPPY BDAY, Celeste 
is so stressed I seem to be having trouble breathing - there's working well under pressure and then being totally crushed by it 
is so stressed out 
is SO sunburned! 
is so tired  BAH, jobs suck!!! :'(
is so tired , bored and hungry wants to  go home and sleep in my nice comfy bed forever!! 
is so tired after her 13 hour working day yesturday and has to repeat it today 
is so tired after only four hours sleep and a 2 hour nap 
Is so tired and cannot sleep 
is so tired and doesn't want to go to work 
is so tired and getting ready for work tomorrow, early start 
is so tired and sick, blaaaah. lame - i want to be healthy  btw, first day back @ school was hell..
is so tired from her trip and has chest pains 
is so tired from my workout..plus.. waiting to get some work soo bad.. UGH&gt;. i hate not having any money .. so much outcome and no income 
is so tired he feels sick. 
is so tired ive walked 6.05 kilometres today 
is so tired of LOVE.  and it is killing me.
is so tired ryt now!! 
Is so tired today  has to work til 5. Wishes her paychecks weren't three weeks behind 
Just got a call from my doctor. I got to have surgery on my back. In pain as i twitt, but the show must go on. Pain is killing me 
Just got a call from my Realtor saying I have another showing on Sunday. No offers yet  but at least there is a lot of interest.
Just got a call from my wnec friends... I miss them! 
Just got a call from the s2bx: my little one is sick and wants to stay home today. 
just got a detention  this day cant get any better
Just got a flat on the way home from flyering for a kutless show with @andy7bs &amp; @MandaMichele3  my poor car... Only 2 car payments left
Just got a FUCKIIIIIING canary on my wagon 
Just got a gatorade, and guess what the second ingredient is? HFC (High Fructose Corn Syrup) I may as well be drinking soda! 
Just got a great workout from basketball. Some little punk 10 year olds kicked us off the court though 
just got a haircut. Pro cuts was closed  so I went to Prima instead. I guess I can put up with one bad haircut a year.
just got a hit by a huge wave of homesickness again...maybe I should stop logging on here and facebook... 
just got a letter about cancelation of my next show in Rothenburg..  http://www.teddybaertotal.de/CMS/O/47/
Just got a new set of headphones and the dog liked them so much he ate them 
Is so tired. Thank you insomnia 
is so upset My Name Is Earl has been cancelled 
is so upset that i'm sick because I wanted to run on the beach at Asbury Park tommorow 
is so very poor 
Is so, so tired  And I have an exam tomorrow which I am not fully prepared for.
is soaking in these last few minutes in bed before heading back to the library... 
Is Social Networking Making You Antisocial? ::.. yes but the only safe way to make friends &amp; not being discriminated outside  @BuzzEdition
is soo bloody tired. Have to go on 6 mile walk around the village today with Charlotte for 'D of E' training. Pah. Weekends nearly over 
is soo bored and  i just wanna go out and have some fun but thandis at some gay thing all day 
is soo glad summer is here , buut really needs to start studying for provs  library tomorrow anyone ? ; )
is soo gonna have a well boring weekend 
is soo not happy when you said we can't be like in the past anymore 
is soo not looking forward to the provincial math exam on wednesday. 
is soo tired. Wayne's 21st was ok. not the best outta them all but still some laughs. but no-one should have speeches go 4 an hour 
is sooo bored its untrue 
IS SOOO BORED SITTING ST HOME!! 
is sooo bummed because her camera's busted! 
is sooo cold in this freezing night! adelaide u boring city! missing the boyfriend all so much 
Is sooo in love with the 80s the music the style i wish i was born in the 80s 
is sooo relaxed right now. Also, lost my banana to my hungry-hungry guinea pigs. Shouldnt've left it on lying the floor 
Is sooo sad coz my blackberry died on me  took me 6 hours to fix it but now its alive and well yey!!!
is sooo stressed about everything I have to do 
is sooo tired..but I can't sleep 
is soooo awake. and PACKING!  FML!!!
is soooo bored and would like to hav mre money  xx
is soooo bored in work  x
just got a new tattoo , boutto go n get ready for work, vacation over 
Just got a new YoutTube account since I lost my last one.  youtube.com/Felblood70
Just got a palm pre. First website I visit http://fora.tv/ sign in, click a program, no flash warning  But click download and it worked!!
Just got a pedi....but the polish is actually really ugly 
Just got a phone call from my ex boyfriend....so weird....I can't even think right now .  UGH ! Night All ! Much Love
Just got a phone call from my mom. Mine and @DjCurlyOnE great grandmother passed away today  She was 95 years old. RIP Abuela Fela.
Just got a phone call from the UK telling me I need to go out and see Transformers 2 right NOW. Doesn't come out until Wednesday here 
Just got a royal flush, didn't get paid off though 
Just got a shark tattoo in Hermosa, too bad it only lasts 5 days...  
just got a sore throat kinda and i fell and got alot of fucking cuts  they hurt 
Just got a speeding ticket 
just got a subponea 
just got a text that the georgiq theatre burned down today. im heartbroken 
Just got a text to remind me...big scary day tomorrow then work in the afternoon...I must be mad! 
just got a weird IM from my ex i msg her back and got a even more weird IM back.. I don't know how to take it.. 
Just got a weird text that my cruise tomorrow is delayed, I can't board for 7 hours after I thought I was going to... 
just got an email about a &quot;surprise&quot; Theory sample sale.  Yep...I know I shouldn't...but I'm going anyway. lol. Just to &quot;look&quot;...
is soooo bored. gawd. today's been crap  grrr.... me no happy lol XD
Is soooo embarised! Sorry 4 waisting ur time @CHRISMOYLES 
is soooo fucking tired and just wants to sleep 
is SOOOO HAPPY that the tigers won even tho it was off penalty kicks 
Is soooo pissed at apple and AT&amp;T... Got the new update and still can't send pics  gotta wait till late summer!!!!!!
is soooo tired from the Six Flags Trip from Georgia...13 long hours on a bus  NEVER AGAIN!
is soooo.... tired... 
is sooooo annoyed :@, i just wish she'd leave me alone 
is sooooo boreddd!! nothin 2 do 2nite  x
is sooooo stresssed about this test....I wish I could focus on it...but my mind is somewhere else which is making it hard 
Is sooooo tired... wants to crawl back into bed 
Is soooooo bored , its unreal 
is soooooo stressed this month.....ugh 
is soooooo upset!! The laptop that she wants...exact specs and all is being sold on eBay for $531!!! Unfortunately bids end 2morrow... 
is soooooooo sick now could cry or die..... anyone know anything to make me feel better? 
is sooooooooo tired 
Is sooooooooo Tired and have a cold. 
is soooooooooo pissed @ the bank right now 
IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SAD 
is sooooooooooooooooooooooo offfffffff track and cant study! im going to fail -_ -  AHHHH nicole help me  @nicolemcintyre
is sore in the throatal region 
is sore, tired and annoyed. I need a massage but stupid Elroy is too selfish to even consider offering me one. 
is sore...and tired...don't wanna go to work today 
is sorry bcuz i didnt go on twitter much   becuz i forgot my password and i figured it out to day soo ull se allot of updates
Is sorry for her bad english... 
Is sorry for Trent 
Is sorting a metric shit ton of labret jewelry and sweating balls 
is sorting out her playlist for tomorrow's radio show... it's the last one of the year 
is sorting through her belongings 
is spending her day in office again...and there's only 2 person in the office. 
im watching the realworld/roadrules reunion!!! yay but where's CT 
i'm watching the tennis...unfortunatley not in paris 
I'm watching this dude slowly fall asleep in Econ.  I wish I was him. 
I'm watching TNA Sacrifice. Lord have mercy on me 
im watching True Blood @MAX, still season 1 
I'm watching Two and a Half Men and missing my doggies.  
im watching wwe, smackdown. call or text me if you've got my number. im in pain  hopefully tomorrows better :/
i'm wating one tree hill missing san fran, i know it's not filmed there but it reminds me of it 
I'm WAY too full... &amp; drinkn wine spritzers is makn me tired 
Im weak..i wish he would show up for a little bit. Im hurt and omg..5 min is all i asked for  i swear im fucked. Please omfg
I'm wearin a dress for awards, and I don't wanna be the only one wearin one- 
I'm wearing a jacket... in June  heading to Bible Study, it's still raining
im wearing all black socks =O haha, they are pretty random  and im bored and tired and a nigel 
Im wearing dumb running pants 
Im wearing jeans and sitting in the sun and my legs just got extremely burnt 
I'm wearing my BMW t-shirt today, so it's quite upsetting to see them struggling so much 
i'm wearing my sweatshirt &quot;i love mcfly&quot; this make me happy  he is so soft and comfortable...
I'm weeping now   Got a birthday party to go to in 20 minutes.Looks like I'm going to miss qualifying
I'm Wiith My Friiend And Its Raining Here .. Sa Very Suck 
Is spending her first official day of summer break with a toothache...this is so me to get sick on vacation! 
is spending her last few hours in hawaii 
Is spending his last night with Samantha! 
Is spending the day on the bathroom floor.  I just want to throw up 
is spending the whole day with Matt before he leaves for Wisconsin for the week  Anybody wanna cheer me up?
is spent!  What is sleep again? O_o  I think it's abandoned me. 
is spewin.... my mums goin to LA without me!!!!!! 
is st home sick in bed in a GORGEOUS day 
is standing inside the bus going to Galle, huhu  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/z46ah
is standing up cos she can't sit down 
is starting to feel blah. 
Is starting to feel sad and unwanted.  *pirates!*
is starting to get a cold 
is starting to get a wee bit frustrated since it has rained on the last 6 golf tourneys I've played, incl today. New England weather! 
is starting to get sick..... booooo 
Is starting to get stressed out. 
is starting to get the sniffles 
Is starting to get used to people letting me down 
is starting to hate her schedule. i can't eat at a decent time! 
Just got an IM from another co-worker who just got laid off. Lots of people becoming unemployed 
Just got an information from one of my friend that passwordstyle property doesnt work in a grid 
Just got an over price puppy 
Just got Android running on my touch pro  , now, i just wish everything worked 
Just got asked to fill in a survey on swine flu. Unfortunately not local so the guy didn't want me to fill in 
just got back for getting my nails did with my best friends and their mommies/my mommy. about to do chores. last day of VBS is tomorrow! 
just got back form Ikea. returning shit there.....what the frak? its such a hassle! 
just got back form natalies house.. we were together for 23 hours... hahaha it was soo much fun we studied for science and french. 
just got back frm work  I was sooo dead there, I looked like a zombie. haha. =/ damn. im living off of like 5 hours of sleep in 24 hours.
Just got back from  a short little bike ride, it started raining. 
just got back from  shopping love shopping ! but the blisters on my feet are focking killing me 
Just got back from #bash17. Had loads of fun today! Sucks that tomorrow is canceled 
Just got back from @Robb_Henshaw 's birthday dinner, and I am feelin' not so hot.  
Just got back from 311, pissed Kelsey off, nothing new... 
Just got back from a 15 mile run, now time to relax in this big lonely house of mine 
JUst got back from a big rally at a gym  it was SO boring
just got back from a boat ride, it was beautiful! love london, still miss everyone though  i'll live...haha
just got back from A Chorus Line with mi madre! SO GOOD. but ... i think im getting sick AGAIN. boo 
Just got back from a day alone at enoshima beach. It was so nice. But I got sunburn  lol
Just got back from a fabulous day at the park with sammy slamma jamma, exhausted, but still have several hours of homework ahead of me 
Just got back from a great vacation... so hard to go back to work 
just got back from a great weekend in oxford....experiencing serious miami withdrawals. ugh. 
Just got back from a morning of garage sales - didn't find much... 
Just got back from a mountain run with my Dad. ~250miles for me today. My Dad scratched his bike, and I put a mark on my frame slider. 
Just got back from a night of Mcfun.. sad to be done 
just got back from a party (: im tired. cold. and i think im getting sick 
Just got back from a quick ride to Stinson Beach - it is SUPER windy out there - sand all over my gear 
just got back from a shopping spreeeeeeeeee! *yay*.. feet are really sore tho  ...
Just got back from a visit to this hilly area with a bunch of rocks and trees and rapids. It was cool but Florida friend got hurt. 
Just got back from a walk, missing my woggie though 
I'm wishing I had more time 
Im wishing someone would buy me a summer slaughter ticket 
Im wishing that i could think of something to do because im really bored!!!  do do do..........
I'm wishing Xmarks support for Chrome would hurry up and be released...I hate out of sync bookmarks 
I'm with avian! 
Im with Morgan, aka Typhoid Mary, at the doctors again. Poor sicky sick 
Im with u patricia. I love school than home!!!  boo woo
im with ya @dottbrooks ...maybe i should've gone out tonight...oh and i dint get tat, like planned. couldnt narrow dwn designs 
I'm wondering if anyone is ever going to follow me..... 
I'm wondering if anyone reads anymore?  I need someone to discuss with!!!!
I'M wondering if jordan's wife and kids maybe are on the bus with him and thats why he's not tweeting lately? miss him 
I'm wondering what to wear today...  I sure wish I had my basket weave sandals! 
I'm wondering when @DwightHoward is gonna follow me?  he must not know about the crush lol
I'm wondering when will the iPhone 3.0 software update be available? Been checking since 6 a.m., still nothing 
im wondering where the heck the sun went 
I'm wondering why it's such a big deal that I've left my &quot;Out of Office&quot; notice on from last week.  Though I am here, I don't want to be 
I'm wondering why my profile pic doesn't show up on tweetie for mac and why it doesn't let me see who i'm following or my followers in it 
just got back from baguio.. and was feeling really upset for not being able to watch david archuleta and cook's concert last night. 
Just got back from barnes and noble I know sorry I am a book worm, got 2 books and seventeen to read after state testing this week gross 
Just got back from Ben's house, It went great, if only there was more time. But I didn't like that my phone got taken away  #squarespace?
just got back from Best Buy......depresses me that I dont have a job/money to buy cool stuff 
Just got back from Billings... Took Kati back today   We applied for the K-1 Visa (Fiance).  Hope it doesn't take the full year.
just got back from bohol and guess wat my skin color is alrwady very brown 
just got back from breakfast with cassie... I'm gonna miss her so much 
Just got back from breakfast.  It's bloody HOT today and it's not helping my cold.  
just got back from camp! I should've gone earlier. it looked like so much fun  haha
just got back from car journey. now suffering from car sickness. I have reluctantly decided to have a lie down 
Just got back from church. Getting ready for brunch. Wish @aftertedfingers could join us... 
just got back from cindy's mothers who lost children candle lighting tried to fight back tears, but couldnt! i miss christain! 
Just got back from cinema...now i'm going to have nightmares 
I'm working   Not a very good day!
I'm working and it's kinda slow 
I'm working at the moment 
im working on 6 hours of sleep over two days fuck im sleeping hard n long tonight lol ..my feet are hurting 
I'm working on my 21st! 
i'm working to find a more specific direction in my photography....i feel like i'm all over the place right now... 
I'm working today.. 
I'm working.  Hoping to get Friday off though... maybe. 
I'm working.. Like a dog 
I'm working...  Just trying fixing another bug 
I'm working....  And outside is so nice :/
I'm worn out from yet another softball game. Time to start writing again. 
I'm worried 
i'm worried about @HeriCabral 
im worried about my brother  he went to berlin on friday/saturday and hasnt let any of us know if hes okay ((
I'm worried about my computer's class mark, its giving me a headache 
I'm worried about my dog.  She seems kind of off lately. And she's not sleeping at night as much.
im worried bout the wrong things, the wrong things 
I'm worried my plants aren't getting full sun on my windowsill. Crap 
I'm worried that developers are going to start using push notifications as ads. Imagine suddenly an ad pops up while typing an email. 
I'm worried that my pc's hard drive is dead...that's the one my husband uses most, we will hate to pay to replace it. 
I'm worried. My best friend hasnt texted me in two days and she always texts me everyday 
I'm worried. The girls I sponsor in India are near or in the cyclone flooding area. Then today a big earthquake near the girl in Honduras 
im worryin that were never goin to be the same ever since she came u put me thru some pain and i worry that one day ull forget my name 
I'm wrecked from yesterday!!  Soo tired!!
I'm writing an essay insead of going to the coffee and choc festival 
im writing my book, apparantly its something every good copywriter should have... Working at 6  boo
Just got back from Cold Stone. Eating ice cream when you are lactose intolerant isn't a good idea. My poor tummy. 
Just got back from Colorado, only to find out Jeffree is hurt. 
Just got back from da doctor's....a lil nervous 
Just got back from dance rehersal. Finals suck 
Just got back from dinner at pete's parents house.  I miss my parents 
Just got back from Disney land! Second day in a row, sooo gonna miss it 
just got back from disneyland, tired &amp; missing diep SO DAMN MUCH 
Just got back from Drag me To Hell. Was amazing. But, where was Bruce? 
Just got back from EMERGENCY EYE SURG.  Poor Coco.  Doc had to operate NOW or she would have lost her eye or vision.  
Just got back from fair got bashed against the side of a ride and my leg is bruised 
just got back from filming at the track. so.much.footage. and now i'm gonna be bored for the rest of the night 
just got back from fishin'... no fish for us 
Just got back from fishing. I didnt catch anything. My dad caught a 1/2 pound catfish. Pretty sad.  It was really windy &amp; tough to fish.
Just got back from Fridays with Joe and Karen.. looking at some things online and its making me miss some of my recent past.. 
Just got back from Fridays with Suzi! Nobody hot there, as usual 
i'm wrong, i need to go out and have lunch. 
Ima bout to move to canada cause doc prices are ridiculous outta pocket no insurance 
i'ma crash early, god i'm so sOOo tired! not used to having a saturday class.  goodnight!
ima cry i didnt win the #trackle iphone  well maybe i will win the #squarespace one can only hope
Ima cry if that's true....  But i doubt it's ture! =]
Ima get ready on the next commercial Even tho I'm dead tired and still not feeling well  I promised and I try not to break those
Ima have to say by to my phone for the like over an hour!!   what ever will I do?? Hahahaa
I'ma miss the feeling of long, nappy hair along my back 
ima miss this sweet mangos my patients friend me 
Ima Miss Yew Cassidy  http://twitpic.com/6onw0
ima miss you babe, LOTS 
iMac hard disk has failed *sob* - most is retrievable from online storage but is a royal PITA 
iMac went bust      ........ cant live without it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Apple support guys .. pls do ur job...
Image Gallery on my N97 is totally screwed up, trying to add album art to tracks and they don't match? Hurry up with new FW Nokia 
Images of #neda dying shown on sky news, horrendous  #iranelection
imagine Adameme without enough salt.. Its just a boring soy bean.. LOL..  Needing Salt!!
imagine an office with no internet or mobiles. Oooh a fax just came in, how exciting. Oh it's not for me 
Imagine Ayatollah Khamenei &amp; Ahmadinejad with nuclear weapons  Iranian democrats must prevail #iranelection #tehran #iranians #iran
imagine how many will be there!  It would have been like heaven on earth.  
Imagine that you're walkin. And when you think you are close... Nothing. So more walking. This was a long walking day. 
Imagine the check out line at Carrefour during the weekend. Now imagine that while most of the workers are on strike. Just my luck  -K
imagine, a world without poptarts 
Iman the girl is back. I don't LIKE her 
Imba hungry  where is food? - http://tweet.sg
IMing mezzah, i miss you lufferly. life's not the same without you around 
imiss my buhdie  RIP
iMiss my lil bro!  i should go sweat with him &amp; his dad. Every time they go!
Imiss my sims3 
imma go lay down n watch some T.V. my head is killin me! 
imma hit it    i naw my man
imma miss my lil sis when she leaves. 
Imma miss ya'll twitters ! An hour is sooo long 
imma wimp  had to add ice tO this nuvO&amp;&amp;qOose =\ fuxk it a niqqa dO qotta drive back ehh
immaa too poor foaa clothes  being so cheap.. buying clothes on sale for like $1O! needa save///
Immediately regretting my decision to come into the office today, miss my bed 
immm goin crazy. i dont even know whatt to do nemoreeee...............hmmmmm.....puffffff...pass gulp.      l0l 
immm home, now resting. i am sooo done for the day, but i have work at 6  just get me thru this week. pleaseeee.
immobilized due to freak foot injury 
Immune ststem fail  I have a fever
Immunizations day for a 4-yr old who's deathly afraid of the dr's office~should be an interesting trip! 
Impatiently waiting for the 31st app for my HOT ASS (literally &amp; figuratively) Palm Pre. 
implemented many additional features for my diploma thesis... back home now... but actually i have to write some pages... no campus party 
Import from sim is so not working...syncing too many phone. Numbers by hand 
Impossible to work here with ANU services. Ports and sites blocked, no broadband in the accommodation, neither FC nor elluminate work. 
impressive that patient spends all their money on fags and booze but none on soap or deodorant. Room pongs now  
Impromptu trip into JB this weekend. Better enjoy my laptop before it gets taken tmr 
improve 2 word description of #digitalbritain as 'colossal disappointment'.? (via @emilybell) Missed it net down. Mine - VIRGIN BROADBAND 
imucu mr. andreas, mr. gus, eca, rifky, avip, oksa, harits, diaz, and all my friends @ LIA huuuu 
Imy purple hat joe jonas 
imY&lt;----      goin to church.  Family shit 2day. =x
In (lame) Arabic class!  No further explanation needed, right? Uhhh.
In @TheRockwell's previous life, he was that brolic ass tree that shaded all the flowers around him. 
In 12 more hours freshman year will officially be ova  ... Looking foward to this summer!!
in 1st hour...with huge plastic thing in my mouth that i have to wear for 2 weeks...can't talk!!!!!!!!!!  About to go watch a school play!
In 2 hours my baby girl will officially be a 4th grader! I still remember her preschool graduation.. Time flies by 
in 2nd period and super sad because its the seniors last day 
in 4 days my son would have been 4 years old. 
in 4th period with my art buddies.gonna miss these suckers so much they don't even know 
In 7 hours and 30 minutes i'm gone until sunday night. I'll miiiiss you twitterworld 
In 7 hours I'll be en route to the oral surgeons to get my wisdom teeth out. I'm scared. 
in 96 hours i will be dreading two german exams 
in a bad mood  and bored owt ma nut at work!
in a bad mood  and I'm not really sure why
in a bad mood and i'm not  feeling to well either 
in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
in a bad mood...  hope to feel better later...! would be bad if not.. right @vollkornapfel ? ... hmm... 
In a bad mood..Do i need to have a voice like Lata Mangeshkar or Shreya Ghoshal to sing for my own pleasure.. ppl just dnt understand 
in a bad place. 
in a bad state 
In a bit of a shitty mood, don't know why. 
In a bit of pain. I really hope I just pulled some weird muscle and it isn't kidney related. Don't have the $ for a Dr! &amp; no insurance! 
In a bitch ass mood , I just want to drive 
In a black hole 
In a broken down car   stupis lexus
in a cab with the JR. taking him 2 skool (even tho i just brought a bi-weekly unlimited)  @ 120th &amp; 7th http://loopt.us/CYK0Gg.t
in a car full of morons and theyre talking bout a whole bunch of moron crap and its confusing the hell out of me... some1 help me!!! :0   
in a delicious friday, working while sweating... 
In a down in out mood  ima jus chill 2nite
In a few days my friend will be moving  im gonna miss her
In a few hours I have my exam 
In a firefighting mode for the past 24 hours. Phew! Sad day yesterday 
in a foul mood and don't know why 
in a funky mood and I don't really know why  grrrr
in a grand total of 3 hours and 5 minutes I'll be free for the year!!!! WOOOOOHHOOOOO .................... damn have to sit exam first 
In a great mood...but a little sad that you went away 
in a great starving 
In a huge Hatton fan, but wat the hell was he doin lastnight! he got destroyed  xx
In a hurry to make breakfast, I broke the yoke on both my eggs today 
In a lot of pain because of my stupid pinched nerve.  I really wish my back didn't hurt so bad 
In a lot of pain from 2 hours of p.e 
In a lot of pain from the stupid dorm bed 
In a lot of pain. I hate my klutzness. 
In a lot of pain... 
in a lot of pain...not fun 
In a meeting for a prototype. Too many meetings again. Enough work is waiting 
in a meeting. So no #musicmonday for an hour  I love meetings soooooo much NOT!
In a motel room by the beach. All alone. Missing NYC, my bed and my pups. 
In a motel room in downtown Chattanooga, TN.  No music, no dancin and the bar is closed.  
In a post office Q I have lost the will to go on! 
In a pub at camber and wantin fanta but there is none 
In a queue for a ticket at Phantasialand. Looks busy, school holidays ftl. Silver Mine and Winjas Fear are closed too 
in a real 'can't be bothered' mood today.......but still have so much to do 
in a really bad mood 
in a really bad mood and may not be able to see baba cousin today!  seriously not getting on with any of my family right now...
in a really bad mood, dono whys :\ 
in a really bad mood.. respect me! is it hurt if ya give me a lil anthusiasm? im tryin so hard, but the only thing that i got is 'hmm'.. 
In a really crappy mood for some unknown reason. Feeling kinda homesick too 
In a really irritable mood and has taken it out on Master, it is only because I feel restless, I am struggling with the arab way of life 
in a state of confusion 
In a stupid trainin meeting at work  Help!!
In a terrible mood. I need cheering up 
in a ton of pain.... 
In a tube in the rain   
In a very bad mood right now because I stepped in poo while taking the dog out and wearing my new shoes.  #fb
In a very, I mean veeeerrryyy new environment at the moment... its hard to blend in.. 
in a weird mood 
in a weird mood...but i dont think its a good weird 
In a zipcar heading home from Jersey. Of course I got lost... 
In about 2 weeks, exams start 
in about less than two weeks i'm coming back to Jakarta . no mom , i REALLY don't want Jakarta , i want home 
in accounting class ; then detention after 
In accounting with Mita Bulas, gotta do work  But im even more depressed the Lakers won the championship ( Nuggets '10
in acting classes. 
In addition to being the longest movie ever, it might be the saddest. I cried.  Done tweeting for the night, went a bit crazy today.Sorry!
In addition to the time change, my body is now rejecting food 
In agony, been to the doctors as have BIG lump on inner thy, can barely walk Doc doesn't know what it is, but has given me lots of meds 
In alaska time zone now, today is a chillax day. I'm off from the gym, but we work 7 days a week  1 out of 2 isn't bad.
In all day 2day sadly  listening to stupid music lol
in all seriousness though, does anyone know what could be causing my legs to hurt so fucking much? awful pain in knees + ankles. help 
In all the comotion...What happened to Kevin Eubanks? 
@kikizako56 Wifey.. I haven't spoken to you in ages..I miss u 
@kikizle and leave me here to rot alone?? 
@KILA21 ok I sawwy. I wanted them to win today...I guess his team doesnt 
@KILA21 on my way to school 
@kilamarie uuh, idts? When did u text me 
@kilesa can i be really rude and ask do you have any iam coupons? I have been booted from iam!??! 
@kilika Ah, but you have to stay strong! My Scot cried pathetically at night when we crate trained her - broke my little heart. 
@Killa_KC took the plunge and bought it yesterday, it is sick. But coz im in england the lag makes it unplayable off host  EU ladder plz
@Killa_Star whaaaat? what is the world coming to?? do they still make teddy grahams? or those dinosaur graham crackers??  please say yes!
@kiLLa21 because its time to pay bills  too much money I'm going to cough up
@killaam  nothing trying to get ready for my saturday class  what r u doin
@killaam ugh I miss my wii too. Its with my cousin in Denver 
@killab10 omg yes friend  ima need all your info email pin # cell # alll of it broke friday ! on vaca ive had no phn!!!
@killachef I dont have no brain food  I think thats why I cant sleep
@KillaDiva No, girl! Unfortunately not!  I have to work at 2pm! My free time this week is going to be Friday...
@KillaFunk305 i don't really like that one though 
@killasluddie i knoww! i was   i accidently unfollowed u n now i realsed! 
@Killaya aww man I'm sorry to hear that.  I need to get a job too. &gt;_&lt;
@Killaya aww that sucks.  I will compare Survivalism from last year (old camera) to it this tour on my new cam... wow. O_o
@Killaya I'm so sad that you didn't get to!  I hope he feels better soon.
@killbot I MISSED IT TOO and there are like 47 tweets from L&amp;L and Jen  BUT THEY ARE ON TVSHARE, they are they are.
@killedthelights nope  bc my mother is gay.
@killen8 If it makes you feel any better a seagull pooped on my butt at the beach i won't lie it really was humiliating 
@killerannax -- sdkljglkjas i can't come over either.  my parents are being stupid.
@killerannax oh no!  i'm sorry. at least you'll still be able to buy regular tickets and not worry about limits?
@killerlipstick I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@killerwhaletank Oh noes!  Where will you go to get his checkups, then?
@killiandarling I never hung up on you my phone died i would never i can't believe you would think that honey boo boo... i am hurt 
@killiandarling that's sad I shall miss Tony and his dousch baggy ways  I am happy for Syd and Cass and happy for Maxxie and Anwar
@KillKerDead: awh, thats terrible :/ ! how did that happen? i think fox is gonna go home next time 
@killmotion I do tend to almost abuse emoticons! :O It is sad. 
@Killparadise did they actually announce a divorce!? That's like my favorite show 
@killrachel i need you  i cant do this...
@killsee big sad face over here  with tears :'( picture our badassery, its a vision.
@killthischorus ooh ok, it ends tonight...some of the stuff I wanted were sold out 
@KiLLuHKaYy dont worry abt me..i'll be fine 
@killyourscene I just ate a whole box of mini donuts, wish there was another 
@Kim_c_x aha  cant wait to be off tomoro 
@Kim_c_x dunno  twitters pure fuckin me about man :@
@Kim_c_x i cant lol  i have a drivin lesson them im goin out wirh michelle loll where use goin sunbathin?
@kim_kss Aww stinks  I'm gon' eat soon, haha! I'm always hungryyy. And yeah! I made that up like on the spot! Hahahahaha
@kim_webster ahh, okay. That is sad 
@kim_webster o.0  *decides not to watch the news for anything but the tornadic t-storms again*  *whimper*  
@kimaglick  yeh...i'm still here petrifying...are you ready for the trailer tonight? remember...we have a date for that movie ;) also...
@kimb0lene im Jelous you have the 3Gs 
@kimbaataa OMG! I totally feel you right now. It's practically ruining all my plans  Imy!
@Kimbalicious i got on Lukasz case too, but dont forget, if almuia were fit, he wouldnt have played in this game..he was the Cup keeper  
@Kimbalicious well your not cool anymore  haha im so totally teasing you haha
@kimbarwee YAYYYYYYYYY!  im sooooooo bored! work later and my phones got no battery!  xo
@kimbarweee aw bless you 
@kimbarweee i thought you knew, i put it on twitter :') we didn't even get it cos tommy was being gay  oh well, how good was the gig (LLL)
@kimbarweee ohhh thats shit  hopefully things turn out alright!
@kimbe if I left now I wouldnt' be home before midnight 
@Kimber_Ann Welcome to the club.  But you have a more than incredible set of experiences to look back on! Enjoy the rest of ur B-town time
@kimberlaaaay  It's okay Kimberlay. Go run around to get rid of your sadness of the failed movie night.
@kimberlaaaay We got a whole bunch of leftover donation bagels for the service day so they were gonna throw it away. 
@kimberley_ and yeah I bloody have to do the same sometime  wish it was easier :S
@Kimberley__ then the next day we got a notice on the board that he was closing for upgrades. then we got nookway. 
@Kimberley_JB9 No me &amp; my friend can't make it now, so trying to sell our tickets, otherwise we've lost Â£26 each  Sucks.
@kimberleycc: haha no problem!  anytime! and yeah how would i get started with modleing??.. thats my only prob idk how to start 
@KimberleyL Nope feel really bad. Spent the night in cold sweats 
@KimberleyxLynn Damn, that a shame... am i to blame  kinda jinxed it
@kimberlinbolton I don't get lunch until later  I'm just fantasizing about it now 
@kimberlinbolton its not the same..close but not exactly.. 
@kimberly_anne  let's hang out soon and cheer u up!
@Kimberly_Mosher Haha! I could I? We were rockin that song! Ugh. . . I miss you soo much! Come back to LA 
@Kimberly_x3 about Miley...and IÂ´m sure that you come besides...but mum wake me up 
@kimberly625 I haven't seen coraline yet. 
@kimberly625 why am i still awake and watching the hills?   so sad.
@kimberly625 yep. it started yesterday. 
@kimberlyannnnee aww really?!?! i was there thursday haha guess the world dont want us to see each other  saw ur pic at sushi boat
@kimberlyarnold Seriously thinking about working from home, but then I'll have to listen to my basement sump pit pump run every so often. 
@kimberlycun ya...new tweets don't show! 
@KimberlyDoll  Feel so bad for Jess!
@KimberlyDoll Hey Kim! I just saw you @ the airport! Did you see me? Any way I can meet you? I got gifts for y'all! 
@KimberlyDoll Hey sweetie, I tried the link but it's not working..   
@KimberlyDoll so good tonight! lost my voice! 
@KimberlyEagan Hope you're feeling ok 
@KimberlyKane Aw.. Poor baby. I'm sorry your sick and need meds. I hope you get well soon. 
@KimberlyKane enjoy the Mac, they're so much better than a winblows machine ... to bad I'm stuck on it for work 
@kimberlyly that's nice..... i ate toast bread  im lazy to cook... in the middle of the night...
@kimberlymdg I had fun tonight! I'll leave you with this...Brandi Carlile will be in Dallas today.  We should just sneak into the show!
@kimberlymdg lol, I like how you have to address us as a unit hehehe, and soon would be my home, but she has a sinus infection. 
@kimberlywarne no pic unfortunately 
@kimberlywarne oh yeah... I forgot you didn't like it  I thought it was funny.
@KimberlyyA  I'm sorry Kimberly. Poor sunflower!
@kimberlyyoung I'm sorry!! 
@KimBerry29 me too mama!! Here till 6 
@KimBerry29 special K sounds great right about now! My last meal was at lunch with you @ open sesame! 
@Kimbersnake - that's good news, i was worried for a moment there! damn facebook 
@KimBlairwitch - may well have to, am meeting someone at pub at 2 p.m. 
@KimBlairwitch - Not possible whilst live on the show i'm afraid 
@KimBlairwitch Yes so I have been told 
@Kimble09 @JaneDoes  she nevr smoked a day n hee life, shes young too in early fifties' no kids thnk god but a hubby and fam 
@Kimble09 i miss ny  naw some dude doesnt believe my age. I drink occasionally and i dont smoke and i take care of myself !!
@Kimble09 o ugh that sucks 
@Kimble09 Yea I took some DimeTapp (yum) but I still feel like crap  I want to take a nap but my mom wants to go out now..argh..
@Kimbo23 he didn't text me. It was probably too emotional. 
@kimbobb nope, no time for it 
@kimbosaur whateva corndogs... I want funnel cake.. 
@Kimbot1984 I'm having Caramel Latte. How it can keep my eyes open 
@kimbus2000 you really should come. cause i don't think i'd be able to come up for a visit this summer 
@kimcchung I know  ... ps. I miss u. U should just come on Saturday Night!!
@kimcchung me &amp; adree's ex bf's bro bro 
@kimcess haha i'm glad you like my updates... Sorry about  your airport situation! 
@kimcfly what has mitchel done?! i cant see on my phone 
@Kimchichop The last two weeks have been super busy for me at work at away from work, hence my absence from the Twitterverse. 
@kimcrossman Yip, it's painful alright, i have all 4 of mine out at the same time.....couldn't even eat ice-cream coz it was too cold 
@KimDeanArt awwwwwww we are so sorry 
@KimEllis and I'm still not being followed. Smh!! 
@kimenf haha, another one bites the dust! i thought i was on top of the world with 168, and then @etarui beat me bad with 231 
@kimfrancesca I missed it too! I don't have HBO  I'm going to have to find a site to watch it.
@KimiBananas @JoanaRijo ...can't find anything here! 
@KimiBananas new iphone 3g ooooor blackberry lol i got so used to have internet everywhere 
@KimiBananas that's tough... and it sucks.. 
@kimidoll  I hope everythings ok. When you come over, you can vent to me!!
@kimifan Thanks, it was nice even though I missed the race coz of it. Looks like i didn't miss an awful lot though, shame about Kimi  x
@kimikal I wish I didn't agree, but that's unfortunately how it is!  
@kimileviste shutt up  i pity myself too. ahahah. this sucks biiig time.
@KimilovesJB it starts here like never, i never see the trailer like on youtube, and  i reallly want to watch Sonny With A Chance too 
@Kimioko  *sigh* Me and the G1 will mourn your loss.
@kimirhochelle What's up Kimi?  Long time no love lady? 
@kimishina I'm sorry 
@KimJKgal awwww booo  hmmm.. i'll look into it
@KimKardashian  Is Khloe on Twitter?  I hope I didn't follow the fake one. 
@KimKardashian  Jealous I'm not their !
@KimKardashian Afraid I don't. Sorry 
@KimKardashian am loving shoedazzle...but i dont think u ship to australia 
@KimKardashian awe, i wanna go kim! i don't have tickets. wah! 
@KimKardashian dont cur your hair short  its lovley long
@KimKardashian Drink a glass of H2O every hour while awake.  It will wash out the flu. Get lots of sleep. Flu probably from plane ride. 
@KimKardashian fell asleep and missed it!!  
@KimKardashian Hope that nasty sun burn heals quickly  Dont worry babe your still beautiful even with the burn get better soon ;)
@kimkardashian http://twitpic.com/3gvq1 - that looks like it hurts 
@KimKardashian I am so sad that I can't watch ur shows.. We only have local channels 
@KimKardashian I can't get through @KhloeKardashian 's radio show!! Were you successful in calling? I cant even hear it online, wont work 
@KimKardashian I did that a few years ago and it was HORRIBLE you will miss ur pretty long hair!!! Don't do ittt i wish i hadn't 
@KimKardashian I had to take mine off my phone cuz I got tired off hearing it beep so much. 
@KimKardashian i know i miss itt  is there gonna be another season?
@KimKardashian I'm just the same!!! I hate it soo much  the worst thing is that I have to perform tonite w/my band, hope u feel better kim
@KimKardashian i'm sad 2.  is it just khloe &amp; kourts show now? no more KUWTK?
@KimKardashian i'm sad too !!  i'm definitely going to buy the season tho!
@KimKardashian I'm sad too, its the best showww 
@KimKardashian its not working! 
@KimKardashian me 2. I did an essay on her for a college scholarship but I didn't get it 
@KimKardashian me too   
@KimKardashian Me too! 
@KimKardashian psh I burned my eye with shampoo real bad.  it reminded me of ur sunburn 
@KimKardashian That link won't work for the free download.  
@KimKardashian The live stream content is only available in US. 
@KimKardashian u got me feeling horrible now 
@KimKardashian when i was eight years old i had really long hair and my gramma cut it so short that i couldnt even feel it in my neck 
@KimKardashian YES! and the sad part is...you'll start to miss your hair when you see someone's hair longer than yours 
@KimKardashian, my hair used to be super long then I cut it short for uni...... BIG mistake, regret it 
@kimkiminy  pouting 
@kimktaylor sorry for hanging up.. i like you and im nervous to talk.  hehe
@Kimli bleach if white, lots of hot hot water if not. If stain is old get oxyclean. I work in a bakery I know 
@Kimli that sucks 
@kimling there goes my tennis scholarship 
@kimloves haha awe.  that's terrible. 
@kimlovesstuff you feeling poorly still 
@Kimm_Chee @alishers it's irritating!!! I wanna upload my pic!!! 
@KimmaJ  thats no good Kimma... what kind of sick do you feel?
@kimmenaster i heard you were home tonight 
@Kimmi_McFly lol everyones on about cake now  chocolate cake too NO FAIR!! lol did you see my tweet about it? xxx
@Kimmi_McFly nope lol  but hey i get looked after now, i was worried id have a coughing fit again and be on my own lol! xx
@kimmie_wong ish!!! Never invite me to come along 
@KimmieDavid OMg not again. You poor thing. 
@KimmieDavid That's awesome you get to go to five shows. Heck yeah. I still want to go with you to one. 
@kimmifatale I appreciate the support!!!  I know you have Gunner, so you're a dog lover as well. Sad day
@KimmiHendrix thank you!! got your message about the bbq- sorry i couldn't make it 
@KimmiKiwi  I want some 
@KimmiMcFly this i was like thats the idea of a cover lol pfft its raining  xx
@KimModel getting honey tea for my throat and chicken soup for my sinuses.  Going to doctor nxt wk.  not cool 
@kimmy_long_legs Just missed you. They're out of Tomato &amp; Basil soup though 
@Kimmy6313 I would, but you live kinda far.   that sounds really yummy.
@KimmyCakezZ yes ma'am u do have a pretty smile. but you also won't eat chipotle with me. 
@kimmycoffee :o what  why
@kimmyconnweller I feel like I should be keeping you warm and spending time with you 
@kimmyg123 haha i can only feel them dangle cause it's infected 
@kimmyg123 what a bitch!  i'm gonna buy a 2 disc edition too even though the single disc one is gonna be $23 at work
@KimmyGotSoul aw damn. ok i got you for tuesday on that. i gotta write a short post for today tho 
@kimmyk07 whats wrongg?? 
@kimmysanders My wife makes something like that (on a smaller scale) every day for my daughter to take to school. She used to for me 
@kimmyschwimmy Not so great..tummy feels awful 
@KimmyT22 that was meant for Desti sorry...my arrows have disappeared on Twitter... 
@Kimmywise I sent you an email  sorry it's a bit long
@kimnomer yea i waited to long to get the tickets and missed out 
@KIMOBRAND  can I at least get the lettuce wraps? 
@KimokoMasada I wished I could tell you to stop tweeting 'cause I'm bloody jealous already !!! 
@kimonostereo is that a Hawaii thing? Inconsiderate people 
@kimonostereo ya totally a lot of times, my weekend is filled w/activities b4 it even comes 
@kimoraklein  I knoooowww. I feel like something nasty is coating my skin 
@kimoraklein my sleep pattern is screwed i need to try and stay up 2 midnight so i can get some decent sleep coz i havent slept 
@KIMP19  I can't reply to ur DM for sum reason, but I am sooo sorry   And that's fine....but I'm sad now 
@KIMP19 Uh oh!!!!! Man.....I hope he stil goes w/you!!!!! I'm sorry girlie 
@kimpierogie  haha, I just tried applying for a capital one platinum  card and got rejected, so now I have to wait 45 days to apply again 
@KimPointBlank You're at Navy Pier? I rode right past you!  And I missed the pirates!
@KimPossible40 I guess that means I should expect the rain in a few hours 
@KimPossible40 Sorry to hear that  Good luck! I hope you find something you enjoy soon
@KimPossible40 The last week of school is like hell on steroids â€” parties, crafts, teacher gifts, ice cream, more parties. And now summer 
@KimRausch our flight was canceled cuz of severe storms! It's out of  @Monica_777 &amp; my hands   
@kimshahan isn't following me? And I thought we were friends 
@kimshannon I haven't been in AC in a while though  - gotta get back down there
@KimSherrell got scammed on the web and now I'm trying to get my money back! 
@kimsweet Wait for July, love. 
@kimtagg haha nindut kaau nh?! lol humana man uwan dri  init napud hahay. yes, dugay kaau akong class. and i think wala npd ni teacher lol
@kimtagg ICAAC has only 12 spots per sem 
@kimteezeyyy it was an option. I dont want it on my record 
@kimurphy aww that sucks  don't declaw her!
@KimVallee @stephdau I saw snowflakes while on the bus to work this morning 
@kimviray I wished you guys were coming. It be more fun!  I hella Miss you and ED!
@KimWalshUk maybe she's saving it til the end or a bit later to burst out crying lol, i'm so gutted i couldn't go this year 
@KimWetter Well Kim they died. Thanks for reminding me 
@kinagrannis  couldn't watch the video on your link. 
@kinagrannis i wish you were in missouri! 
@kinagrannis it's a good thing they do the full episode things on the website, but we'll have to wait... 
@kinagrannis Kina i am sooo sad i cant be there  something always prevents me from seeing you on the east coast 
@kinagrannis sigh I couldn't watch @johncmayer 
@kinaj it's not for everyone... 
@KinanLW I live in the Philippines. &gt;.&lt; and honestly i wanna live somewhere with snow!! 
@KinanLW Wah, why are you sad? 
@Kinchey no   I'll be with my dad in north jersey for father's day. but I'll be wishing I were with you guys!
@kindadan I would if I didn't have to work in the morning  
@kindanice whatttt? Quit? Why is this the first time I'm hearing about this. 
@kindareal right now its only in my house . got it at Giant Eagle in New Albany, Oh but they arenow all sold out 
@kindart Unfortunately we didn't get that win.  
@kindlejunkie And the mouse died while I was trying to send you Chapter 2. Sorry. Have to wait until later! 
@kindofathingboy @blackberrybell3 i dont really understand jon. 
@kindrawoo haha Youd think they would have Yogurtland or some type of frozen yogurt place b/c HK is full of Asians but theres not even 1 
@kindrawoo i hit all of my pitching wedge to seven  iron shots fat. Fml.  and i lost my 58
@kindstrangers GRACE! we better go see patrick wolf next year. im still super sad we missed the concert. 
@kinetickyle why do you say that? 
@KING_09 i know i know thats why i let it go. im done tryin! 
@king_of_indiana STILL WAITIN ON MY TWITTER FOLLOW LUV 
@king_spoon_ian I had mentioned them as well, initially, but I was 9 characters over, dammit 
@king3vbo Yeah, I just wanted my skill book  also: FUCK YEAR that song is awesome.
@KING5Seattle I think the pollen is all at my house 
@kingaiscoolxd HELICOPTER 
@KingandDude if so it only confused me 
@Kingarthur1079 Awe man, we got ta talking &amp; neglected the music.  Great Convo tho
@KingBigLex aww crap! Ionno that. ill turn in my jersey kid liscense in the morn. 
@kingbomani i cant find it 
@kingchidiishere u think they'll make us wait 
@kingdave84 hey hun i cant send u samples of what i need my macs down 
@KingDobson When I get there Im going 2 have 2 help get ready 4 the baby shower &amp; finish the cake. I dont forsee sleep until at least 12 
@kingdodger78  i want to go to the bar too but fuck if im driving ive got enough trouble to worry about
@kingdomless If you're still up, come on AIM? 
@kingdro a wrap should've never enterd ur thought process lol they are for 12 yr olds lol...I wish I was rollin up right now 
@KingDro Ugh! Don't say that plz don't say that 
@kinger13 Shouldn't be difficult.  I wonder what the glitch is 
@kingfamily no sunshine here - just wall to wall grey with added rain  Wanna share your sunshine?
@KingFOE   I failed at being a body guard, I'm sorry - but you did great! Thanks buddy!
@kingfuckncarter Nope!  I'm bout to head to Honey's, then probably catch The Hangover. Might catch the afterparty tho. Dm me later!
@kingfuraday That's an app issue. Devs should make their apps save/restore state on exit/startup. iPhone doesn't allow apps run in bkgrnd 
@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today 
@KingJafiJoe *sighs* if that's the case, my job is givin me the business 
@kingkandee What was 2day's one hit wonder??? I had a rough nite so i missed the show 
@kingkandi: I will miss you so much too. Youre makin my heart triple jump. Its hopping, its skipping and its jumping some heartbeats!  bye
@kingkathy lmaos, i have no tea at home 
@kinglux my godmom is there now from 1030. She said they're 30 min behind 
@kingmichelle my phone died 
@kingmisst  no it dont make me feel better! What happened
@kingmoney  why not whats the matter
@KINGmoney hey  cant sleep either?
@KINGmoney I'm sorry...I'll make sure I do that next time. 
@Kingnick3721, awwhh thanks for the text i got no credit!  so i came back! Night baby. &amp; yeah i got so stoned today i monged out for ages
@KingNotti I couldn't see what you wrote 
@KingOfAnkh kinda had trouble sleeping again 
@KingofSuede I feel sad that Chris had to explain what your screen name meant.  I should have known.
@kingoushka No pix  said no cameras on the tickets so we didnt take 1 but then evry1 had 1 We were ticked couldnt go get it out of car
@KingReally yeahhh.every since last night when you burst my bubble  
@KINGREF oohhh..thats even worse! haha yea u right u have no choice   Tg a judge just gave me the choice not to tolerate my cry baby
@kingrool LOL MY BOYFRIEND AND I WERE JUST DISCUSSING THAT.. cos some idiots think I made my own name up. how sad 
@kingsburgval truest friend remember we were talking about me talking to him about next year? thats not going to work now 
@kingsmomma lol You're still using it. I think I messed up my gift receiving by letting his childhood nickname out of the bag. 
@kingsofleonfans im so gonna scrape up any penny lying around to get to the concert!..hate being broke 
@Kingsrockandrol I'm a bit down zoe cos I'm off to bed soon, so I will miss this gorgeous weather, were having  what you up too today? X
@kingsthings Danny Gans was the best entertainer to ever perform in Vegas. It's a sad day in Vegas 
@kingstonpaul Damn! I wish I were going! Found out too late to get wranglers for my kids and @bobalert.  I miss #mountainjam every year!
@KingTeddie: I'm sorry to hear that 
@KingTexas me too   but I have news for you! texting you now...
@KingUncool getting my wisdom teeth pulled 
@kingusia88 I WANT A HOODIE REAL BAD CAUSE MY HIPV ONE IS SOAKED AND MAKING ME COLD  but i wish you were here too dude
@kingwart didnt get the 1st post. 
@kinkay  Sad face..ii want yu to come
@kinkpink     omg. you depresed my soul.     tomi needs a spanking.
@kinkpuppy i know the feeling. I've been so miserable this past two weeks cos i couldnt sleep at all before 5 am, even with all the meds 
@kinky_kitty that's so stupid. 
@KinkyFro Unfortunately, the weekend was so bad work today seems like a bit of light relief.... 
@kinndle Hahaha I know right? But all the haters keeps on hating her 
@kinnyboo; About to get my clothes ready for school in the morning 
@KINOFLYHIGH fuck i shouldnt have left! 
@kinosydney no longer coming 
@KINSEYlovesJSI FEEL BETTER!!! I feel ok now, but it took forever to kick.. now I just have  yuck cough..i soung lke a man 
@kinthiri i havent gotten the invite yet 
@KinyLuv true... but...    actually, SO true...
@KioBriggs well.... there's nt much i can do part from sit here and feel sorry for myself!  , i hate ur free life!! wen do u start work?
@kioken  Everything okay?
@kioko55 my fav band is here tomo  I can't c them cuz I nvr bothr to get tix like a lazy losr. R u gonna get tix 4 Incubus?
@kionee hey Nick, long time no tweet! I'd rather be awaiting the cable guy instead of going to the docs to check my knee 
@kioni can't help it 
@kiotti who you dont fool with? who aint ya fam? 
@Kippiepoo @AthenaFatale and I have the same stylist. Barfiness was not in the ahir but had to do with a bad reaction to an antibiotic. 
@Kips206 We were playing Dundee Utd and got beat 1-2  Just a league game - nowt at stake except pride
@kiptyn hopefully your international surfer day will go better than my international hug a musician day ... I recieved no hugs 
@Kira91 yaaa man hate studying but i guess i cant help it... 
@kiracryogenic vanessa ate a whole bucket of fairy floss to herself hahaha I wanted her to save me some for tuesday 
@kiranerdcore i know the feeing 
@kiranerdcore it was easy for me, i finished at like 45 but then i procrastinated and didnt finish the last question  such failness
@kiransingh gotta head to Blackburn to see client tomorrow, wedding on Sat in Hounslow and probably more work on Sun  Need holiday!!
@kiraplatinum THANK YOU!!!!!! They need to lay off. I pray for him 
@kirashane twitter something! i don't think i am getting your tweets. 
@kirawr..i cant stop shaking  its so bad  i have fucked everything up
@kirbythecorgi @gingeebee It wasn't easy, but Momma's couch was SO MUCH FUN!! Fluffy bits everywhere! Daddy stopped me from chewing his. 
@kirika_96_ I miss you! you dont have time to talk to me anymore 
@kirikitten you didn't get a ticket?  
@kirilouise my room is drawing too much power its heater and blanket or computer and blanket 
@kirjane  A night of boredom?  What?  You're working with me and you're bored?  
@KirkAFur Of COURSE I've watched the Fairly Oddparents! I don't remember anything about the game though... 
@KirkieBabez hahah, back to work I go 
@kirkkittell you're feeds aren't complete on Reader i.e. I can see only part of ur post there. Have to click read more for the rest. 
@kirksta100 I don't want to tell you too much, but there is't much Prime either.... I think it's just a bit of a sell out from the first 
@KirksTweeting You're no longer in my DM list?! I thought maybe you UNfollowed me... I dunno, lots of people are missing in my list. Odd! 
@kirkwhq I don't remember how to do ILL or my password. 
@kirrsss what's wrong kirs? 
@kirslo neither aim nor facebook works on this end of the planet.  
@kirsssty im good thanks soo tired  you ?
@Kirst_y 'Just' a cardigan? I forgot my headphones, I'm in a silent agony 
@kirsten_m  sorry I missed your response to availability  I am still figuring out twitter
@KirstenAlexa I KNOW! I love Nicholas Braun &amp; I think he'll make an okay Cameron but I don't wanna see it either 
@kirstencraig yeah so I'm not going to math! :/ I'm nottt getting a detention :s fuck that I have SO much work  eng &amp; law!
@KirstenDale  I hope you have a good evening and good luck with the assignment. See you Sunday/Wednesday then.
@kirstenin Did it involve...  Furbys?  
@kirstenin got that book for Xmas and still haven't bloody well got round to reading it! 
@kirstenin he;s got that gross new beard   laurie that is.
@kirstenin I know  She's leaving so that she can finish her studies.
@KirstenLawless ME TOO  
@kirstenwright oh. burst. my. bubble. bummed. now. 
@kirstiealley  
@kirstiealley - Man, the things I could tell you from personal expierence re: sexual perdators &amp; sexual assault. Holy shit. They are free 
@kirstiealley &quot;Pelham&quot; remake is not a good movie 
@kirstiealley awake 
@kirstiealley aww you didn't get my twits haha 
@kirstiealley bet it's nice out there 
@kirstiealley glad to here you reached your goal. Money is really tight, wondering what activities to cut for summer with kids 
@kirstiealley i agree - try havin braces tho!.. not pretty 
@kirstiealley i just had one of those yesteday  it makes a sick boy happy again
@kirstiealley i miss Dairy Queen sundaes!!!!! 
@kirstiealley I totally love you.. I will miss ur tweets 
@kirstiealley I wouldn't know that one died of cancer. Mother well if she had a broom she could fly. 
@kirstiealley if i was american, i'd totally help out with this. but i'm not 
@kirstiealley I'm awake and wishing I had a rock to hide under.  Heart hurts are the absolute worst 
@kirstiealley isn't it Ewan? He'll if I know. 
@kirstiealley lowcost dental is hard to find. best i can get is saving my money in advance to get 10% off for paying cash, no insurance 
@kirstiealley no Sonic in Seattle 
@kirstiealley Oh Kirsty.  Tired of your SHOUTING!  Sorry but have to un-follow 
@kirstiealley Oh.. I'm craving Iced Coffee bad  That would be super naughty though!
@kirstiealley ok ask a new question cuz I cant be here all alone thinking about hot sexy guys 
@kirstiealley super now I want a peanut buster parfait and it is 10pm so DQ is closed 
@kirstiealley Thank you for responding ...Most dont 
@kirstiealley this person started following me and of course I was excited but I realized very quickly it was an imposter 
@kirstiealley True but when U have No Insurance and can't afford it like me..U got 2 do without..I need a Root canal but can't afford it. 
@kirstiealley What is interesting is a lot of OUR water isn't clean either.  I have to truck mine in too. 
@kirstiealley YES! Can't really eat much - have smashed mouth (+ face) up quite successfully 
@kirstiealley Yes, I wish I had that right now..I chose not to cook tonight... 
@kirstiealley You are a sweetie........hmmm I'm still plotting to kidnap the person that does your eyebrows...I can't get mine to arch  :S
@kirstiealley You're telling me. I put in 8 for Saturday. 
@kirstiealley. Watch the Tony awards?  Only way this SW gal will ever C  Broadway 
@kirstiealley: today I have my sad-day, need someone to make me a little bit happier.. 
@kirstiecat ah boo, bet you were all pumped up for it too 
@kirstiecat too wise 
@kirstieh Haha! I sneakily suggested twissup for last night cos I'm working from home 2day. Sadly, @eBeth's got to fend for herself 
@kirstielu never be good enough for him.... 
@KirstieMAllsopp not nice when they grow up 
@kirstieyvette Oi i saw him again today lols...! i did a little goodbye..won't be able to see him for three weeks 
@Kirstine74 dry here today but cold... due to rain all day tomorrow I think 
@KirstinHolland darn - blackrock is offline 
@kirstixO i know what you mean! i'm sooooooo bored  and since when have you had twitter?!
@kirsttt7 thannks kirst  . who ?
@Kirsty_H_99 ah, bless you Kirsty.... who is looking after *you* that's what I want to know 
@Kirsty_H_99 won't let me  have emailed it to all &amp; sundry!
@kirsty1181 and don't get grumpy  please lol... I'll have to hide for a while :p
@kirsty1181 I knew about the overtime. Kim told me bout the long runs though  bollocks I say!!  And I wont regret it surely!? lol
@kirsty1181 lol aye, hope u enjoy that whole workin thing.  I was bad today... turns out my temp checks have been horrendous too 
@kirsty1181 thanks... luck didn't work. Had an awful sleep!  @lottes_web thanks Charlotte... never happens tho lol ;) was yours good??
@kirsty1181 they actually changed flexi to give long runs of shifts didnt they??  text bein sent back with mine-I dont trust the net hehe
@Kirsty22 That's not the point! I have a dissertation to finish 
@KirstyAnnx3 :O id wear a high factor if i were you! im SO burnt today, itll be even worse tomorow!! 
@KirstyBurgoine  hopefully it'll pick up. at least I'm off the train now!
@KirstyBurgoine that has to be one of the coolest things I've seen today... If only there was a similar thing up near my workplace 
@KirstyBurgoine unsuprisingly it doesn't taste good either :p but did not have enough time this morning to make nice coffee 
@kirstyhannahxo aww  thats ashame.. How come she doesnt like him?
@KirstyHilton Abit depressing that next year will be the last series. I won't be able to cope. 
@KirstyHilton Agggh, not you too!  Hope your evening wasn't ruined. xxx
@kirstyhilton it says that i cant take vids  but itll be on tv!! wud be be vip or just like normal doya reckon?
@KirstyHilton It's depressing how Manchester is still so far away 
@kirstyjbrown http://twitpic.com/7kful - your two favourite people in one picture? ;) I LOVE YOUUUUUU 
@kirstyjbrown yes it is...and iÂ´m team taylor...the most hurtful part is the teardrops on your guitar thing 
@kirstyjean Good luck!  But... does this mean the end of fascinating social insect facts? 
@kirstykay Still wish I could be there  but I guess Evermore here on Sunday will have to tide me over for a while, haha.
@KirstyMaryEWood thanks guurl. but don't let me drag you down. feel free to post when you want to. gonna miss u soooooo muccchhh!! 
@KirstynSmith on  a completely unrelated note, I'm getting nacho cravings 
@kirstyrawrr Yeah, only the first one tho. wanted to go to both but cant afford it  are you?
@KirstyRM hahaha i love it i just watched hsm, sadly i have an exam in the mornin and that's not true for me!! 
@kirstywiseman ah it wasn't me laid off thankfully - although I have been twice so know the grief  will follow you back - nice to meet u!
@kirstyyl cus i'm busy so I have to do it now 
@kirsxv cough and colds  sa weather ksi
@kiruba: How did the ToastMasters Meet go? For sure, I think it was one another flick. I wanted to... (as always) 
@kirylin Target.com says they don't have Jack's figures yet. I have no idea when it's going to be available or if it's going to be at all 
@kisacake Awww.  /comfort
@kisacake What?! Not the angel on your right? Sadness. 
@KISHAAA Hey, when did @souljaboytellem last talk to you? And how did you get on his tops and not me? 
@kishakish no problem...no, I'm not there, I'm sick  how you doin?
@kishba : I agree,   @OfficeStylist : It's for an online portfolio site.
@kishizuka Hi Kathy! thanks for r/t. Can't believe i didn't see you during BEA. 
@KishoreK this is strange, illegal torrents avlbl everywhere, legal DVD not in stock  What do I do now???
is starting to itch from my sunburn 
is starting to not feel good again. 
Is starting to realize that he has NO job skills pertaining to today's job market. Seven years of working is slowly going down the drain 
is starving &amp; has a chem quiz due at noon 
is starving. All I've had to eat is fruit, but I'm afraid if I eat anything, I'll get sick 
Is starving...research didn't end till 630 so no time for dinner 
is staying busy w/ the Air Force and can't go see Aventura again 2mw in Houston   Thought I was gonna see them twice in 1 wk!
is staying home with her hubby today. I've got a bad tummyache. 
is staying in today to do the housework how boring 
is staying in tonight because its her last night with my mammy for 2 weeks 
Is staying in tonight! So tired 
is staying inside on this beautiful Sunday   Messed up my leg @ the marina.  cant walk.  Totaly thumbs down.
Is staying one more day in Nashville!!! And..I think I am being eatin alive by BED BUGS! 
is stiff from horse riding yesterday. almost got thrown too. miss ma and pa 
Is still @ work for housing....dying slowly. 
is still a bit dizzy.  must have low bp. 
is still a mess...she misses her puppy  thanks to everyone who has been supportive of me while I wallow in my misery
is still a profoundly damaged unit this morning..... 
is still annoyed she didn't get Joe's jacket at the concert last monday..  and is more upset that he has a gf :'( Lolol  x x x
is still at the office working.. OT  http://plurk.com/p/116t2g
is still at work feeling so unloved  lol 
is still at work...  
is still awake at three in the morning, with a nine a.m class tomorrow. I'm tired, but can't sleep. I miss my mommy. 
is still awake with the false hope that I'll hear from you soon. Damn five hour time difference 
Is still breathing pepsi 
Is still buried with tons of work , running out of time ! Stomach growling too  haven ate anything since morning !
is still busy with the preparations for tomorrow's kiddie party. hoping that i could come  http://plurk.com/p/12803j
is still cant sleep  lol loves twitter already! (:
Is still croaking away tonsilitus stylee  XX
Is still depressed that Nadal lost 
is still embarrassed by certain peoples' performance last night and really just doesn't like being abused for his abilities. 
is still feelin sick...worst than yesterday 
Is still feeling down becuz the lakers and not the nuggets are in the finals   ...lol
Is still feeling poorly!!! 
is still feeling sick 
is still feeling sick ... so unfair 
Is still feeling sickies 
Is still feeling the effects off Sat night!! I can't move my body is in shut down mode  I'm stuck to my bed ;)
Is still fucking raging after Munster's match 
is still going kitchen hunting, but it's depressed anyway. 
is still gutted the blues lost 
Is still having major unresolved computer issues, has so much work piling up, and is very discouraged. 
Is still homesick 
is still hungry and someone still don't want to go out for dinner. 
Is still hurtting from the accident!! 
is still ill  but surviving!
Is still ill, a whole night of thumping headache and sore throat, lead to a MASSIVE 3.5 hours sleep! 
is still ill, this sucks, big time 
Is still in bed with kidney stones !! Worst pain ever 
Is still in bed. Last night I started getting sick. I'm so so sick now 
is still in pain  a tonsillectomy is the worst
is still in pain with infected wisdom tooth socket  lovely impromptu night with friends last night. Ivan's nose squeaks
is still in recovery  didn't even make it out last night.
is still in short sleeves. Shame if the weather is going to be changing. 
is still in the office... can't go home yet 
is still interviewing for summer 
is still kickin...but the bed is calling my name! 
is still kinda disappointed and sad 
is STILL listening to @RivaR0625's playlist, i would listen to my profile songg but i can't go on 
is still looking for a roommate 
is still lost on twitter. 
is still not feeling too great 
is still not happy! after tryna gain an early nihts sleep but still failin!  not a happy bunny
is still not tired...well i kind of am but i cant sleep. i miss Our bed, i hate sleeping without him.  he protects me from the nightmares
Is still nursing my Nile but glad he is feeling better. I hate when my baby is sick 
is still on that job hunt with no luck 
is still raining outside..  http://plurk.com/p/ys0t1
is still really worried... i wish everything would just come 2gether and get better 
is still recovering from friday night episode. Maybe i shouldnt drink anymore!  i feel disgusted
is still recovering from last night. Wine hurts 
is still recovering. 
is still revising. When will this hell on earth end? Ok, wait. Not that bad but still! Other sixth formers will know exactly what I mean! 
Is still sad about saturday 
is still sewing the brooches, only 26 to go,   that's if the fingers hold out... more holes in them than a sieve
is still sick   i might hav mono   no fun!
is still sick, and worrying the orange she just ate is going to come back up... ugh. 
is still sick. canceled patients today...no patients = no money 
is still sickkkk. why does my body hate me so much  just gotta be healthy by thursday!
is still soooo sore from athletics 
is still sore as hell from my 3 mile run. Wish I had sumone 2 give me a massage 
is still sore from K1 
is still sore from the sore loss to the Dragons  Damn it! We could've had 'em!
Is still stinkin' sick...worse today than yesterday 
Is still stuck at work on y day off doing stock take 
is still thinking he might be lucky enough to win a #squarespace iphone, but karma seems limited a hospital stay for my wife.  #facebook
is still tired 
is still tired &amp; has the early morning sniffles 
is still tired after the jojo-levels of the bloodsugar. On top of it I make people angry at me... How fun 
is still tired and still needs $300 for my carnote... 
is still trying to submit my Fiesta mission video for approval.. running into snag after snag hmph  #fiestamovement
is still trying to understand twitter! :S and trying to research zoo photographers, it's not going well! 
is still unemployed 2 months now 
is still unhappy that Gerald Henderson is going pro 
is still unsure what to do for his masters' project. 
is still up  Ugh! I'm an insomniac!
is still up cuz my neighbors are inconsiderate and are blasting their tv 
is still upset 
Is still very hungover 
is still waiting for 69 eyes but I think I've already missed them 
Is still waiting for a reply i gotta feeling i.ll be waiting a while  if at all x x
is still waiting for his Dream Theater tickets and his Pain Of Salvation shirts, both of which should have arrived by now 
is still waiting on word from my homie 
is still waiting to be stimulated..  need that $$ stimulation
Is still watching rugby, am v bored now 
is still wearing her pjs though its late in the afternoon already 
is still working for homework..  http://plurk.com/p/yxoml
is still working for the weekend, no golf this weekend 
is still working... Its almost 6:00. 
is still writing her diss 
Is stillll Tired from staying up til 5 in The morning watching weeds! Aaaah i don't want to clean! 
is stinkin' sick of people in the community/festival pageant arena that are not up front and honest!! 
Is stood outside work in the rain waiting 2 get in 
Is stranded at home. home in Sg Long. 
is stressed out about money issues tbh 
is stressed out beyond explanation and hoping dad is going to be alright.  trying to chill, just going to watch 'sunshine cleaning' now
is stressed!  xx
Is stressed...too much on my plate right now! 
is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like crap. 
is stressing out! Too much pressure---i need to focus on my history final---i havent even done research for my eglish research paper yet. 
is stressing over C2 on fri and the  fact she can't concentrate 
Is stressing we can't seem to find any1 with a truck!!! 
is struggling to find Trance Nation America on vinyl. 
is struggling with putting the concept of cutting down smoking into reality 
is struggling with uni work 
is stuck at home today with a dodgy hip 
is stuck at home waiting for the man to come and fix my shy box 
is stuck at home with a grumpy man with man flu 
is stuck at office this Sat nite... oh cmon, what a bad day 
Is stuck at work. All I want to do is sleep 
Is stuck at wrk, plus I'm wrking 2 nite  long day.....
is stuck between a rock &amp; a hard place. Why. Why am I being tested this way? 
is stuck in a rut 
Is stuck in API hell... 
is stuck in on this lovely day revising  grrrr
Is stuck in the Denver airport. Won't be home til 3 am.  great. Missing stevie &lt;3
is stuck in the law library because she has no laptop at home 
Is stuck in traffic and will be late to work now 
is stuck in traffic on the 680 
is stuck in traffic. Pacific motorway southbound after kurilpa bridge. At a standstill. Grr i'm late for work.  #bnetraffic
is stuck in work  
is stuck inside when its so nice outside 
is stuck on I-75 and has been in this same place for a half hour now. Oh and the ipod is out of juice. I just want to go home. 
is studying  weather is too nice to study
is studying 4 science final! whoopie sooo much fun! 
is Studying Add math! GARRRGHHH 
Is studying chemistry before my exam 2morrow!!! 
is studying for biology exam.....sooo much work,sooo little time!!!!! 
Is studying for exam 
is studying for her precalculus final. oh joy. 
is studying for his examz 
is studying for my first college test  yay smart me!! boo for having to be on blood pressure meds again 
is studying history 
is studying, studying, &amp; still studying...and I hardly feel prepared  economics is not cool!
is stuggleing with a 300 piece puzzle thats aged 7+  
is stupid sorry. 
is such a mess without you  http://plurk.com/p/rq1vh
is such a slacker/procrastinator/hobag 
is suddenly craving for the taste of alcohol..   annemarie gomez!!! sa thursday nalang tayo uminom. di ako pwede bukas. 
Is suddenly distraught 
Is Suffering Bad With Her Hayfever Today 
is suffering from a broken wrist 
is suffering from a cold.. my fraand told me to eat Ice cream as it cures cold for him.. I tried the same and now i have a running nose 
is suffering from backache. 
is suffering silently. and is freezing. not a good combination. 
Is summer over?  Just looking out the window at the rain  this time last week I was heading to the coast in the sunshine.
is sunburned and has 2 wounds  )
is sunburned as hells and thinks someone should come rub aloe vera on her 
is sunburnt from track 
is super bored! Waaaa can`t update much here in twitter  TIREDNESS
is super bored.  text mee?
is super confused.  I just wish I can do something about the things that are happening. (
Is super duper sunburnt.  ouch
is super duper unmotivated at work 
is super embarrassed that she was 2 nervous 2 sing  messd it up! Ugh!
is super forgetful. Already forgotten my cleantech blog password omg 
Is super grossed out by the huge pimple! 
Is super hungry 
is super jealous of kyle at the moment !  hahaha
is super pissed by MSN. 
is super pissed cause she missed the guy she like on Chat... 
Is super sad that the only picture I got with my favorite people when I traveled to ILLINOIS didnt turn out  
is super stressed about school   i can't fail!!!
is super sunburned..  http://plurk.com/p/ub3sm
is super super super super bummed about UCLA  dammmmmnnnnnnnnnn
is super thrilled that the two david's are here. wish i could watch the concert  http://plurk.com/p/tof1h
Is super tired an still has to write a whole essay thats due on mondayy 
is super tired and about to go to bed...looks like this speech presentation will have to be finished tomorrow 
is super tired and not even done yet 
is super tired today ... a lie-in and an afternoon nap didn't quite nail it   Must be getting old if I can cope with a full on weekend 
is super tired. 
is super tired. walked 23 miles at Relay for Life and now my dog is sick and at the vets...  lonnng weekend.
is supermissing someone right now 
is supposed to be at the Massimo Dutti launch right now. 
is supposed to be in New York now...  damn it....
Is suprised by the looks of the First Airbus A330 crash in history 
is sure that she will fail her history exam tomorrow 
Is sure you shouldnt use noises  to describe your career in a business meeting 
Is surfing the net... bored after work kinda tired too 
is surprised Lleyton isnt putting up much of a fight 
Is surrounded by laker fans 
is sweating as if she just showered herself.... hates the warm weather 
is taaayyyuurrd. i dont wanna go training today 
is taking a break from studying to sleep! waking up at 6 AM is not fun when you couldnt sleep the night before 
is taking a long sigh..  http://plurk.com/p/12m4ir
Is taking a moment to reflect...I want my annonymity back,FB!!!!  Is it safe to say anything about someone else to another friend again?
Is taking a nap... Trying to catch up on my sleep... Haven't slept good since my surgery 
is taking a personal day......to wright papers 
Is taking an insense break outside. Cause i can't light up inside 
Is taking care of her sick dog 
is taking CPR tomorrow 
is taking her baby for her injections 
is taking her DH to the Wuerzburg Eye Clinic...not good. 
is taking her medicine again.. 
Is taking her nails off..... Soo slow 
Is taking jamie to the airport 
is taking Kaylee to get her 2 mo. shots!  Poor baby girl!
Is talking to DeJa !.. And your not my bestfriend anymore 
Is talking to the coolest boys... Marco, robin and taj. Ps- big day tomorrow 
is teaching herself how to play the harmonica as she needs help with the acoustic guitar  help?
is teeth bleeching.... it hurts 
is telling her to quit flirting with me, i know who your man is! Girls are full of fucking poopie.....thats why I'm single! 
is tempted to brake her deal but doesn't wanna be all  if it goes wrong after the holiday
is tempted to go watch Meet the Robinsons in the other room with her sisters but I have homework to do. *sob* 
is terrible at twitterr 
is terrified about exams 
Is terrified she accidentally deleted a reference in her management assignment and hopes she doesnt get in trouble when she gets back 
is texting briar a little bit before i go to bed. getting blood drawn in the morning ! ahhh 
Is that a spoiler in the dvd's special features?  Hope not.   
Is that called &quot;Bad Luck&quot; for SA losing in almost all the semis of World Cups, with over 90% win in their league and super 6/8 matches.?  
Is that man handicapped. 
is that thunder i hear? 
is that too much to ask ? 
is that wind, or is someone outside my window? fuuuuck. 
is the birthday boy today 
is The Centrepoint has no more vouchers for redemption!  http://plurk.com/p/1177aj
Is the movie trailer for Halo or GI Joe, I am confused?   http://bit.ly/MO1W8
is the only person in a house of four people that appreciates the Legally Blonde musical 
is the only person online on MSN!  No, I don't add 500 people to my MSN who I wouldn't even talk to anyway &amp; wouldn't even know them.
Is the part where you realize you screwed up and have to extensively recode something a normal part of development? Poops. 
Is the Republic more dangerous than N.Ireland? I heard that the place we're staying in the south has high crime rates  I'm shitting it
Is The Summer Garden in Pieter closed for restoration already? Oh 
Is the sun out in Nashville today? I am stuck inside. 
is the worst best friend in the world  i swear im the only one who hasnt seen emi yet 
Is the worst person on earth! I for go to tip the pizza guy when I signed for it. I'm usually a great tipper!  bad juju
Is there a free todo list sync tool for ms outlook? i know &quot;To Do&quot; and &quot;toodledoo&quot; only  - Thanx...
Is there a reason why I always find a way to eff up the things that mean the most to me? I can honestly say that I suck. 
Is there a regular download-url for #Tweetdeck? The flash-button does not work for me right now...  @tweetdeck
is there a sign on my back that reads 'I'm Gullible, Naive &amp; Eager, Come &amp; Get It!'?  
Is there a way to view panorama photos on the iPhone? If I turn the phone sideways, the photo rotates which doesn't help 
Is there an interest for discussing MySQL internals and performance during #velocityconf? No Ignite slot for me 
Is there any way that lunch can take any longer !? I'm about to dieeee. And no wireless. 
is there any way to mark all Mail on the iPhone/iPoc Touch as read, i dont want to go thru all of em one by one 
Is there anyone out there not on NDC09, im feeling kinda alone here 
is there anything to now a days? i'm cooped up n bored 
Is there anything worse than sherbet cocktails that someone forgot the sherbet? I'm very disappointed! 
Is there no #MargaritaMass tomorrow? 
Is there no Growl for the PC? But I've grown so fond / dependent of its unobtrusive gentle nudges of information... 
Is there really nothing to do 
Is there some kind of sleep fairy I can contact to help me sleep at night? I have to be up in 5 hours 
is there something that i can do from a far ? 
Is there such a thing called dinner in bed? I want one right now. 
Is there such thing as a sugar hangoverr??... I'm dying here 
is there such thing as getting overconfident...now i think there is  #PakCricket
Is there such thing as over studying? Sometimes I'd study like 8 hours but I'd get a crappy mark. It's not fair  (via #zenjar )
Is there wireless at the Common Man? Probably not. Will be disconnected from the world until tonight  
is thinkin i might miss this place a little bit 
is thinkin that her hair looks very dark today 
is thinking 
is thinking about &quot;how being rich &amp; famous?&quot; and enjoy her life... I know what i want to, but it's easier said than done 
is thinking about getting rid of the motorcycle. The cost-benefit analysis isnt working out. 
is thinking about going to the 24 hour Walmart 'cause it's open and has power. Iunno where it is though 
is thinking about just giving up.. not good 
is thinking about my daddy and praying that he gets better 
is thinking about playing the sims lol but not on pc 
is thinking about Rob...guess he must hate me! Else I canÂ´t explain his acting to myself 
is thinking about the ants in her sink. 
Is thinking about the passengers and crew on Air France 
is thinking bed wetting kids are such a joy! I am now wide awake  Oh well, off to Brainstorm xxx
is thinking ftw (and not in the winning way  )
Is thinking he will not get his free post at all 
is thinking his lady might be mad at him 
Is thinking how bad the weather is in Exeter right now  still had a great day tho :p glad last night was dry! :p bring on clubbing 2night!
is thinking how easy Mozart should be to memorize....so why am I having trouble doing it 
is thinking how sad it was about the pilot from Continental Airlines.    Glad the rest of the flight is safe...
Is thinking i need to start revising paper 2 soon :|  great ill bet i will have to revise tomorrow! on my birthday 
Is thinking i realy should have stayed out last nite 
Is thinking I should just NOT bet on Hockey anymore  lol
is thinking it was by Grace, that she got home safely from Tae Kwon Do class. She felt sick and lightheaded during the entire class 
is thinking it was by Grace, that she got home safely from Tae Kwon Do class. She felt sick and lightheaded the entire class 
is thinking it's &quot;Supercuts&quot; time again. Why am I dragging my feet so much in looking for a hair stylist? I hate Supercuts and their ilk. 
is thinking it's a lovely day.... is feeling pretty much better and is ready for summer! just one week of fashion show in the way 
is thinking it's more fun clothes shopping WITH someone else! 
Is Thinking Long And Hard About Her Freaken bad Taste In Men 
Is thinking my girlfriend is gonna be spending more time in Egypt than she is in the UK, this june 
is thinking of activities to do with Maddie.  Gonna search to tix to SOX tomorrow, but think that it will be way to expensive. 
is thinking of attempting to make a blackforest cake! But don't know who will try it... 
is thinking of going to the post office, down side to ebaying 
Is thinking of someone right now and hates the way I'm feeling right now. History repeats itself again! 
is thinking of what domain to use 
is thinking of you! ..hope your op. is going 0K right this minute  i'll see you sooon! lyy xx
is thinking RIP Steph 
is thinking she needs to stop playing around with twitter and do some work before she gets fired 
Is thinking she should get some work done !  ah well and needs to sort out her costume for drama exam and theatre performance !! xx
is thinking so much and i'm at work 
is thinking sonic twittert lied! 
is thinking spotify's a bit shit now... I can't half the stuff I'm searching.  #fb
is thinking that an early start on Sunday (8am in Chesham) means no going out on Sat nite 
is thinking that bed sounds good.. just have to find the bed underneath all the boxes....  
is thinking that he should have never went to sleep last night missed out on time wit my boo 
is thinking that life couldn't get any more better if it tried. Missing all my friends NOT in the burg now 
Is thinking that some people over react 
is thinking that the cats are going to a pet sanctuary soon.  Damn allergies...and people that just drop cats on the side of the road!
is thinking that you should never have a milkshake after happy hour 
is thinking today will be a longg day! 
is thinking what I should do for Father's Day, I am usually prepared waaaay in advance, not so much this time 
is thinking whether phone calls are more impt or emails. bloody vodacom is working on gprs but not on gsm on my BB. 
is thinking WOW I survived Freshman year...Mission Accomplished...Now Sophomore year 
is thinking wtf is lOve!? &amp; whO gave it the right tO screw me arOund!? 
is thinking...last time I did this to my back, I was flat on my back for a couple of days.  Welcome to the Late 30's!   This sucks!
is thinkn it is fallin about losing connection and i dont kno if i have the strength to fight nemore... what am i fighting for... 
is thirsty but hates the taste of her water 
Is this a dagger which I see before me, The handle toward my hand? .. NO, its a can opener which won't open my bloody soup 
Is this ever going to get easier.. .. I don't want anyone but him why can't i have my way too.. 
@kisma awe I won't be here next week! 
@KisMEEE Awww  Hope you're ok
@kismet100 no phone parts yet  coming from hong kong so...........
@kismetemsik envy no more; show's cancelled due to laryngitis. 
@kismetfeline  I so would have come by too... sad day
@kisnacapri no re, will be joining Nokia Siemens Networks on 1st July, immediately after landing! cant even go home! 
@kiss_my_sazz gah, that suckss! i so badly want to go see them 
@kiss_of_depth I see ur previous tweet....so ur leaving now? 
@kiss_of_depth lol it mite add sum flavor good damn dem things have a nasty aftertaste ugh! 
@kiss_sweet_mand Sweetie  *hugs* We care about you. We only worry because we care. You can talk to us...
@kiss_ty heard it was so much better! can't update jailbroke mine  haha
@kissability &quot; the plumbers havent sent the report&quot;  waiting for my third email.....its the people upstairs, they shower 24/7 no joke 
@kissability **hugs***   I know that feeling sweetie.     Let me know if you need a should hon.
@kissability ... 11 year old girls who were dating 19 year olds! Didn't their parents teach them common sense? The rest is just sad 
@kissability alarm... hmm. They usually put the playlists up on rage's website at the end anyway, right? My TV's busted 
@kissability aww no  *hugs &lt;3*
@kissability I also don't understand why simply raising awareness is deemed so unconstructive by people 
@kissability sorry we didn't get to meet, but I do hope you're ok. 
@kissability That last boy is probably realising what he's missing out on in you.  *hugs*
@kissability unfortunately no matter what you do - stats nearly always come into it 
@kissability wowsers. $500 for one! 
@kissability yeah no one else apart from @bengrubb wanted to come  I canceled.
@kissability yeah, my sweet coffee is gone.  it's not the michael jackson style 'jesus juice' that is really wine in a can. keke
@KissaHasRSD do you like true blood? I loved it. I dont have hbo anymore though 
@KissaHasRSD it's so unfun  xx
@KissaHasRSD yeah, I've been doing physio for 6 years but lately it's been kicking my butt more than usual 
@KiSSAmyASS  i doooo miss yoouuuuuu!  life is hectic lately... i swear when things calm down i will be up there to visit my lovies!
@kissatlanta @automaticpanic @thedbc @theerealfdhc @Afflictedwolf i miss my boppers  where u at?!?
@kisschanel damn.  that is so fucked up.
@Kisses4KC I just knocked on your door to see if you were awake. I want Starbucks, but you're at work! Bah! 
@kisses4rmkurls aww man I was hopin it would just appear  ok do I have to bring my needle and thread??
@kissesplz Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour. 
@kisshippie13 Yeah I'm completely miserable right now. I wish I could just go home and sleep... 
@kissingxbeats Yeah I know... 
@kisskissV no. i am working at jaloux in the morning then over with you at night. morning to close.  i only have like a few hours break
@KissMe_ImEmo Hell yeah, she is. I've have seen a couple of unflattering pics of her with no makeup on, though 
@KISSMEBITCHES Yeah u could've left a note, I felt used 
@kissmeelvis ooooh girl tell me how! ;) i'm trying you know i got scouted to model?! then got let down  well all about the 'trying times'
@Kissmekayley dont like turtel pic me wants to b a tree  xx
@KISSmyBLAKarts awwww  thats sad 
@kissmybleep Shiit, cucking folds!  Go to StumbleUpon.com, random-est site ever! Can I see? Listening to Cobra starship and Leighton again
@kissmygrits0457  your just gonna have to wait 
@kissoffools i still haven't fucking found one  i'm going to check again tomorrow
@kissofklimt no i'm on ocr :/ i know the last question is 18marks it used to be 12marks before 
@kisstheLIP i just started the book of lies and the first page already made me so mad! the mom is such a ho 
@kissyarie head up ;) i suffer with you  greetings from DÃ¼sseldorf Germany i watching it on ESPN
@Kit_Berry keep meaning to give her something every week but never seem to get round to it, makes me feel very mean 
@kitabet god, I miss Istiklal buskers  But I carry their sounds in my head (and on my ipod) wherever I go
@KitaKattMonroe girl, mine is only worth 123.  that shit kinda made me feel worthless lol 
@Kitalpha yes. They won't let us take pictures inside the house 
@KitanaAsh I have 3 kids and 0 nerf guns. 
@kitborry i kinda wanna go h2o but fear i will be outed as an emo kid 
@KitchenBitch Girl you do that and all you get is roasted nuts. BE MORE CAREFUL HO! I'd come help ya but vamps dont take well to us bears 
@KitchenDani ...and Chisholm it should've remained! I miss the Clayton campus. 
@KitchenDani the blackers is just too strong in flavour  Mr B won't be thrilled hehehe
@kiteboardertje I will give it a spin, its a shame because I was really taken with Gravity. 
@Kiteless no chicken tonight? 
@kiteman1 yeah unfortuantley  Sam hanks crap bowl that he like rolled along the floor got me out  grr
@KitiaraTomsen my girl is in tears im making her stay home.  
@kitispurple no!  im so mad that I didn't :/
@KitKatKaylee hey sister...(thats my white 1/2 speakin to you) cuz im gonna see New Moon too 
@KitLewis @littlebrownjen factor in the lighting issues grills cause and they might be there all weekend 
@kitnkittykat Cause you're moving I hope 
@KitschenSink @rachellucie  have some choc, that'll help. I applied for the artsmix loft thing on 7th June, still awaiting judgement...
@KitschenSink know the feeling 
@KitsuneDragon http://bit.ly/WKWqZ  There goes my fun 
@Kitsuneellie That's probably the antibiotic giving you special side effects. Sucky. 
@Kitt69 I lost a microwave and a washing machine this week.. 
@Kitt69 thats awful about the homeless guy!!!!! 
@Kitta awwww babe that sux! me is sick too, but no bed for me, I gotsta work 
@Kitta I hate the red ring of death.. Had it twice  grrrrrrr
@kittencaboodle Yeah. Much better for both of you to be at home instead, you can get some rest then before Monday! Poor things 
@KittenFlower Oh  I'm always doing that. And why is this so? Was I sleep-flower-sending again? You're awesome. Keep it up!
@kittenmeow Awwww  *hugs* At least you've got Monkey to look after you! 
@kittenspawn Your avatar looks like he wants to eat mine.  ;)
@kittie_noir mine are suffering from a high-heel-related malady from the weekend  xx
@kittie86 Ah yes! You go soon don't you?  Well, Thursday late arvo, Friday, Sunday. I forget when you leave :S hehe
@kittie86 last tweet is for you, I forgot the'6' 
@kittieskrafts Hey Kittie....DO NOT complain about your weather or i will send you the 200+ inches of snow we had last year!   LOL  
@KITTIFontain  u have a blackberry? DM me ur info. Annnnd be over the niggas, can we take a vacay and find sum men?
@kittkittridge oh my  gosh thats sooooo long! 
@kittodaijoubu aw  that person is obviously a foolish fool.
@kittun i'm dying cause my unemployment check hasn't come in the mail yet  i wanna go to that one over the 17th so bad. frick.
@Kitty_Kat77  me too! i thought Poh might win  #masterchef
@KittyBeed I love everything about Lorraine you couldn't even make her up!   hope your singe-ing gets better, i get scorched yest 
@KittyBradshaw   i have to clean&amp;pack b4 Monday.. then I also need to write for this site i work for... im still not off vacation mode 
@kittycaht Thanks! We moved to a bldg 110 steps away from my family LOL We're finally living together again, but my mom already misses me 
@kittychix i broke our site. 
@kittydisco huaaa i want rain 
@KittyHumpinTin summer youth 
@KittyKat_1988 @Skelfatron On meds so no alcohol allowed  i know i know lol, anything else?
@KittyKat_1988 Dont have it either hun, soz 
@KittyKat_1988 So I can clean glasses. And I was bored 
@KittyKat_1988 Sorry  *Goes to hide in cupboard* I don't like to say because waaayyyy too many people immediately judge me by age *cries*
@KittyKat_1988 YUS!!    I want Sims.    Might attempt to dig out the Sims 2.  Scared my Disc 1 isn't in the box though. . .  :S
@kittykat3544 The tree looked &quot;wise&quot; to me.  All gnarly, but not creepy.  Very sad it's gone. 
@KittyKatKards OMG... I am so in love with this. If only my mom was more of a girly girl 
@kittykouture25 i know!  well i'll just go by the reviews from everyone! i keep forgetting to go into boots and pick up that eyes stuff!x
@kittylair lol! Awesome! I won't be there until tomorrow at the earliest. Saturday at the latest.  Boo working!
@kittylaney psh, I don't plan on starting my day. Esp while I smell like beer 
@kittylecat fair point  I am off now so no intertwit with you sadly  still am digging my racquet out for some swishing practice  x
@kittymac84 iv seen it b4,,, it dont like it     lmao
@kittypimms  whyy thank you sam!  its blurry?  i guess it is on some comps..
@kittypurry it's crap! humm the cats means katycats? i don't think some of them are truly matter..... 
@kittyskirt I found out that one of my favorite patrons has congestive heart failure 
@KittyTaylor55 haha! I'm still gettin used to it I usually take classes at 11 but summer school is so brutal to me  lol. Thnx I'll try.
@kittywiskers -- what were we talking about here? I think it got lost in Twitter-land! 
@kittywiskers that blows  I had no idea... I don't do the fish thing so... I hope all your little fishies get better soon!
@kittyyboo I waasnnna be part of the reunionnnn 
@kitwitch  Aww hope it is nothing to worry about
@kitwitch Poor ol you  *hugs* Hope you are feeling better really soon!!
@kitz007 do I always have to deliver good? I am only human..  sigh the burden of being popular 
@KiuBe  you mean on Threadless...I just entered the Type Tee one..that was...but I missed the NKOTB one for Donnie 
@kivac23 they're not that bad it just ppl can't play them out right most of the time 
@kivus None of those are options for me, unfortunately. 
@Kiwein Ahhhhh, still no baby!  Good luck with the exams.
@kiwi8 @KelliStandish be doing now instead of tweeting!!  I'm halfway through the list and am exhausted 
@kiwiberry i went biking yesterday in the sun for 4 hours haha. Brandon put sun block on but I didn't  Now I'm paying for it
@KiwiCharms aww 
@Kiwichiwi13 I am sorry  as I get older my body gets more and more allergic to things... major bummer!
@KiwiiKink was it for the vma's? i guess so.. also wanna go to london in june for demi lovato concert, but no one's going with me 
@kiwijem are you serious? is it really that cold?   still quite warm as we head to Samoa!
@kiwikish25 ah!!!! You should have asked somEone!!!! I'm jealous 
@kiwilala EMMZZZZZZZZZZZZZ hey!!!! sucky about your day being bad! 
@kiwimmigrator I know, it's the only thing keeping me sane at the moment 
@kiwimmigrator must be in the wrong line of work, I've no time to have an afternoon nap 
@kiwimui I missed out too, they don't have any without milk in it  booooo!
@kiwinerd Sorry to hear you are getting bugged by needy folks who want but don't wanna give.  Have you settled in back home yet r u ok?
@Kiwion sucks 
@kiwipom Exactly! I might be involved throught to the fine detail later though... 
@Kiwirocker Hey im back at school at the mo! It sucks!  And we have exam week next week!ahhhhhhhh kill me now! wuup2?
@kiwisnake I haveto be! I just need to do ok to get my 2i. I am so close it's not fair  I don't want a 2ii :'(
@KiwiTap WHAT YOU TALKIN BOUT?!?!?! i thought i was supposed to be your first?!?! LMAO ...im sad now 
@kiyala Aw what did the poor donkeys ever to do to you? 
@kiyastars i have to get some cash first. still need to pay back for my jo bros ticket 
@KiyleeKilljoy ugh, my mom ruined the day.  but not the night ! DD
@KizDaBoss I dont know if I can, the list is crazy strict. They not letting anyone in who didnt get a personal invite from him 
@KizDig Awewsome to win tickets.  How was the concert, we wanted to see Rockin' Rod last year but tix were sold out 
@kizmetbaby Sorry you have to work on a Sunday 
@kizmok it was fab, you'll LOVE it!! Not sure where they are staying 
@Kizz101 i walked passed it twice. the guy offering free hugs was there but thats it really. so disappointing 
@kj_inoue ahh, niiice. I still want that rewind button though. 
@kjade do you miss your gay? 
@kjade Its okay bb, I was lame right along with you 
@kjade07 sounds awesome. But I think I'm gonna stay home this wknd. 
@kjannfischer I swear I know how to spell your name correctly - I just can't seem to write it that way 
@kjarrett I actually figured it out -and DID NOT hit send -I bailed and then deleted what I'd done -too late for the emails though 
@kjerstia I was looking at those yesterday (did you find them thru Rosie?). Good shots, but so sad..  What an empty life to live...
@kjgriffin18 Oh man that really sucks 
@kjgriffin18 Thanks you too! Luckyy! I only see them once this summer  Have fun!! 
@kjhaynes what? I'm sorry Kas! 
@kjm_uk lol oh my your too much but i already have a boy who does that 
@kjtv is Aaron giving you a piggy back ride back to NYC? That will be along ride.. Or maybe your skateboarding? NOT!!! I miss hockey 
@kjuvi_gurl Helly I wish I was there  Job's suck!
@kjw_1688 I could never do that. 
@kjw30813 I'm in northern Michigan.Yes, we get the heat and humidity, too. 
@kk021 i'm thinkin we should be at gypsy by 930, so come by at 9? also clau said she cant come  jo is gonna come i think, and i asked mich
@kkaazz 59 now  
@kkaazz are you still awake? I cbf goin to school tomorrow!!!!!!! 
@kkaazz yes!  a bit better though after all those tablets haha
@kkaebi I know, I miss those too  But you know you miss the sleepovers!! Btw, who's your replacement roommate?
@kkassiekay... they don't help me noww 
@KKattherinee HAHAH yeahh it doess  no  try 2 see if nybody else is stayin after so they can give u a ride &amp; yay i want chinese now
@kkbkbkb not the chair, but the static from cellphone signal 
@kkcoug  no, we didn't have enough money in the budget.
@KKErwin lady!! i just realized that sunday is father's day!! we might not due anything in particular but that might pose a bit of a prob 
@kkfrae i did... i think. :S i feel the same mlove  im having problems, dm me again  xxxx
@kkhess13 Hello well it's friday afternoon now and it has not rained today, however the clouds are rolling back in and rain all weekend 
@kkinnan So UR gonna be mad, but I had to drop out of CO volunteering. I just can't eat their food for a wk w/ my food allergies. 
@kkivett  I'm sorry, I though they from Springfield IL, haha!!! Slots of Springfield I'm confuse 
@kkjordan  I think they are for the signings in L.A. - boo
@kkluvszsj I know  my dad is planning on scaring the shiz out of me cause he always does. I need BB to hold me &amp; sing me a lullaby LMAO
@kkmariejb23 yeah see you even know it 
@KKMommy72 take em early!  Enjoy it cuz it will end in a few days 
@kknipp oh gosh, that is scary. Had the meds not worked for Cody he would have had surgery according to Dr Hill. 
@kkobold No need to curse anyone who has to be at work in 4 hours 
@kkohn yikes that sounds painful! Hopefully its not too bad 
@kkomaitis only by phone there is no elluminate? I just have earphone 
@kkoschany you are a silly. and weird. you're a weird silly. no more raging/ranting from me 
@kkoss the package never came this weekend  boo!! Thanks for the birthday wishes!!
@kkpalmer89 girll, I invite you everywhere, but we live 4321 miles apart  wannna go to the movies with me tonight? See I invite 
@kkpalmer89 I hope your not talking about me 
@kkthegreat1  r u ok? I was sleep when u called at 3 something 
@kktspecial MY HD DIED!!!  EVERYTHING IS GONE 
@kkwilldestroy i like your update about me sneaking in a shower. HAHAHAHA. I miss you so much. nothing is the same here without you! 
@kladkins thats what the news said. i am praying thats not the case cuz i dont have AC at wor! 
@klarokaro Having a hell of a job finding any frame in my size  Keen on the Time Speeder tho
@klave uhhh..I know what? We're in the watering hole and there's a group of people shouting loudly. Oh my head  pendulum, eh?
@Klaye damn. I missed it.    should have BBM'd this info. I forget to check twitter sometimes.
@klbeasley u mean they are only giving scholarships for last 2 yrs of school? Long way away! Need to win lotto for son's education fund! 
@KLEANTHEDREAM hey k. i missed it and I am mad about that. i wish i could have seen you and @dawnrichard. 
@KLEANTHEDREAM yes, where have u been???  LOL
@kleeee IT REALLY REALLY ISN'T. 
@kleinenberg come to seattle! you were supposed to come last july, but you had visa issues, and never re-scheduled 
@kleinevos Wow, that's young 
@kleins315 Its because they don't have them here in Australia  and I have never been when overseas. Do they have them over there?!
@KLEPONE I don't know what you're replying to 
@klesaw skylar is no longer with us  call mom &amp; cheer her up.
@kleysippel  but I keep thinking the word hostels sounds too much like a HORROR Flick  5 star will be fine! LOL
@KLHINGLEY I'm the only person I know who hates them. Strawberry flavour fine. Strawberrys themselves yuk 
@klin84 Nooo...didn't have time. 
@klingonwriter Aw, no!  No, it came back, but it keeps coming &amp; going. It was weird - it got really dark for a minute...
@kliwaru lol lazy.. but i want people to follow me!!  hah. bored.
@klminton And now it's Monday  Thanks for following - I love All Saints cafe &amp; guess you are therefore only one county north of here
@klobb &quot;time to do *thy* bidding&quot;?  You're doing your minions' bidding...?  shouldnt' it be the other way? 
@klok_pm hoi! FYI, Beyrouth closed until 20 Juni..  u can't imagine my disappointment 2day when I went there (foolishly without calling)
@KLoop83 pretty much everything right now. message me on myspace cuz the mobile version for this blows. i gotta do some work here 
@KLoop83 yeah I can do that when I want to. right now I'm just spending money in hopes that it'll erase my memory so I can stop being emo 
@klothezminded --lol!! Its OLD! Its from ma &quot;urban&quot; days! I just thawt it would be a diff look for the moment! 
@kloveleigh ahhh, i know. it took me a lil more than an hour. i can't take a nap anymore 
@KlownDogg I can't do graphics, I know how to use photoshop basics  I know how to do accts payables and receivables haha
@KlownDogg So what's going on? You don't talk to me anymore 
@KlownDogg Uh oh, what'd I do now?! 
@KlownDogg Yea they dont  hahaha
@klrogers 36 hours 
@Klutz315 hope you had a great time while filming ... can't wait to see the movie ... just 6 months left 
@klutzy_girl Mine isn't working 
@kluvspink im SO jeaaaallllllll. i wanna go. 
@km It's all NTFS or FAT. So I don't speak hfs+. 
@kmacke was thinking about codestock, but I'll be at the beach. I'll be at codeworks for OLF too... I'll miss 'em both this year 
@kmackvonerck We're in Park Slope!  Come visit!    Also, I know the bike feeling--it's great while riding, then you feel like death. 
@kmaco214 He's probably in bed...depends on what aide he has today. 
@kmaco214 It's starting to get to me a little-finally realizing she will be leaving.   I am also tired &amp; achey,(I fell last night) OUCH!
@kmaf i know and i even think i know that the guys are spelled like &quot;Figlarski&quot;, right?  or am i wrong? 
@kMalin Hope she see ur link  it was awesome to build. had so much fun yesterday..  I miss you alot 
@kMalin I miss you 
@KMarf would love to but there's no tram from Baliang. 
@kmarie4890 all my videos lately have been like blah!!!  there so boring
@kmariswamy  YA definitely the age. damn shitty right? back in school we ate truckloads, no worries -_-
@kmariswamy really?!  H1N1 not VERY deadly la.. mmm.  ok i'm thinking i'm thking!
@kmaurer1 http://twitpic.com/6nb4e - What song is this? I hate being poor, i wish i was there...  LOL
@kmbar @asdavis10  LOL...right... I think I'm already getting weary...like I felt after twitter put me on timeout...  #3rdshift
@kmbuck ahh that sucks! sorry about your wallet  you little dweeter you haha
@kmbuck the little guy with the white glove? sweet! never had tuna helper! BTW..my back is peeling  ew.
@kmc1121 awwww who's loving ur lover?? 
@kmcconlogue good thinkinggg umm nope I'm working  are you?!
@KMCdesigns You should live closer - I have bakewell ice cream in the freezer 
@KMcK8 I really really really really really miss u! 
@kmck87 oh that is sad... 
@kmcLewis when I fix my camera. Idk why its not working 
@kmcooley I tried to get an account w/ @socialScope but I could never get one 
@Kmcreary it sure is! Too many things to consider! I have no clue what to write lol! 
In an attempt to save me from watching Lazy Town, I appear to have alighted on a breakdancing pensioner.  Back to CBeebies I think!
in an internet area in hotel in lovely Denver Colorado.  I like it here! we leave in 4 hours 
In an iron skillet getting food why is my glass dirty? I'm hungry and tired 
In an office on a Friday evening 
In an overpriced hotel in Victoria, London, and the wifi website is basically b0rken. Time to leave Days Inn and find an internet cafe 
In Architecture Building, all day research meeting with external network - will look at the sunshine thr' the window  #yam
In at the dentist ahhhhhhh 
iN ATL WiTH NiTTREES!!! D0NT WANNA G0 BACK T0 AUBURN iN THA M0RN 
in atlanta for ... two more hours. 
In Atlanta waiting for my flight to Montreal.  
in August I am going to loads of places! LOL so I might tweet a bit in august 
In augusta, enjoying the family..missing my hubby 
In Austria is bad weather   
In Baguio. Sleeping with three wool blankets 
in BCN flights delayed.... both....  but next one to ibiza
In bed &amp; under the covers coz I couldn't find that damn mosquito. Imma wake up w/ a million bites 
In bed again, i hate being sick i wish i could sleep 
In bed alone again   I want to snuggle!!!!
In bed alone...yet again  I need a new someone to sleep with
in bed bc I have not slept since yesterday...besides in the movie theatre just now  Really wanted to see that movie too...
In bed by my self 
In bed didn't get to see sytycd  but that's what TiVos for last Friday of high school tomorrow :/
In bed DREADING goin up to the school for my last final!!! this shit is gonna b hard tho 
in bed i realy dont feel good 
in bed in pain 
In bed in pain  stupid  muscle spazems 
In bed listening to ipod, not looking forward to yet another day of french revision tomorrow 
In bed listening to The Archers. can't sleep 
In bed now, alone  lol
In bed now. Best place everrr! But I do miss my king size duvet 
In bed reading my sailing books.    No Red Sox radio.  
In bed really really ill, its not fair its so warm too and i cant even enjoy it 
In bed sick.  had a headache so took some meds....guess its not a good idea on an empty stomach though....fail
in bed sippin sprite and watchin slum dog milli...life blows right now 
In bed so very sick! I can't stop coughing, can't breathe this is awful. Hospital in the AM, please someone come take care of me 
In bed today. My back is killing me 
In bed waiting desperatly for snuggles that i know are not going to come for quite a while 
in bed watching a matt johnsless footy show, it just ain't the same 
In bed watching the History channel drinking tea eating a bagel. Im just missing my cuddlebunny 
In bed with a burning hot laptop and no food makes Geii unhappy 
In bed with a fever 
In bed with a sore stomach and it's a crackin day outside.  FAIL
in bed with food poisoning  LUSH
In bed, relaxing...big day at school...last day tomorrow 
In bed, sick  hate throwing up.
in bed, sick again. Whatever has got a hold of me won't let go 
In bed, sick...All day 
In bed. I know I'm going to regret napping with contacts on in 5 hours. Too sleepy to take it off 
In bed. Not wanting to do a 10 hour shift today  well needs must x
In bed. Poorly tummy... 
In bed. Still got cracking headache. 3 weeks now 
In bed. Tired but can't sleep. Pain moved from lower back to being in groin area now!  suppose this means it's moving!
In bed.. I have a frickin headache from hell  I just sneezed. What are the swine symptoms? Oh dear!
In bed... I suddenly feel  I wish MA was here w/me... Goodnight TwitterFam
In bed... Still doing my legal homework... I am soo tired 
In Berkeley. Don't have my laptop anymore  Learning how to use Adobe Flash. Listening to Wicked.
In best buy dealing with geek squad enough said 
in bethesda, miss chicago already. 
in brackley with my cousin.. 
In Brighton at a conference. Nice beach etc tanatalisingly close, but stuck in an exhibition hall 
in Btec:/ Cat has swone flu!!  and i have a tumour on my arm 
in Burney w/ a broken car lol 
in case you were wondering, being uninsured SUCKS. I'm not even allowed in the glorious sunshine for the day 
In case you're wondering don't ask...And now to find me something to eat...I never did find my banana!    Ttyl Twitter-ites. I'm out 4 now
in chem - bored 
In chemistry  Xx
In chemistry bored as hell 
In Chester this morning doing an install!  It's all multiroom audio! I love it! I'missing out on all the fun in Brum thou! 
In Chicago waiting for my connecting flight to San francisco. 2 hours until I depart.  #wwdc
In children's hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm 
In children's lit! Just had starbucks...and it wasn't decaf...i forgot to ask 
In choir. I haven't seen melissa. 
in class ! 
in class again? are you serious?! 
in class and i am so bored it is not a game 
in class boredddddd!!!!!!!! its horrible. 
in class brainstorming. my brain is broken, it ain't working! 
in class nodding off. i have carpel tunnel 
in class sick and hungry 
In class then off to the orthodontist 
in class til 12:30. wanting to poke my eyes out. this class is so boring. why did i take a summer class  smh college =\
In class til 2...it's going to be a long day and I'm exhausted, sick and working on 3 hours of sleep 
in class till 7:30 pm  boo.
in class w/ leslie until 930.....ugh grad school sucks 
In class, bored and hungry. 
In class... But I feel sooo sick! 
in class...bored 
In class...so much work to do this week 
in class..sober   .....whos down to get frost in a few hrs? i got 5 on it! lol
In Cleveland you have to pay for sunny days 
IN COLAGE WOO   ONCE AGAIN WIV ALL MA MATES OMG AZ IF WARREN DIED IN HOLLY OAKS  CRY CRY
In cold now.... Dirty! Also double dirtiness have work tomorrow 
in college on a beautiful day like this :O:O !!! not amused one bit  xx
in college till half 2 then up to the hospital  someone talk for like an hour and half?
In college with the awesome nimz! no one else is in  get following people!! big exam tomorrow xx
In college, bored a per usuall 
In computer class!! BORED!!!!! 
In computer class, last day...last time i will have classes in this school. Getting a little choked up! 
in computer class, photo booth doesn't  work 
in computing sucks 
In conference pain again this weekend  Tweet me, the company would be much appreciated ;)
In cooking - well i'm not  my sunburn is peeling ! It really hurts !
in court starving like marvin anxiously awaiting my short happy hr break &amp; the weekend at least three cases tomorrow 
in CPI training...gonna have bruises tomorrow. 
in c-ville studying for the rest of the night... 2 quizzes and a test on monday ugh 
In Da Bathtub Soakin In Epsom Salt  My Bodyache 
In da car and I can see POLLEN everywhere,  now dis is very disturbin for a hayfever suferrer! 
In da rest bout 2 get right pop thz bottle wish i could blow me a dub 367 dayz till i can smoke again stress mode 
In dat hospital with my mom...sucks! 
In Dayton. What to do? DAI, Oregon District, my aunt's house...gotta run errands too 
In DC, using a pretty terrible internet kiosk  No Wi-Fi here, so am using this while I can.  Wrecked after flight.  Looking forward to E3!
in DE, it is past 5AM; drove THRU HELL, I'm exhausted! 
In deep thought... don't know how to feel... but just had to see my close friend leave... and move back to chicago. 
In denial about the moving van parked a few blocks away.  
In desperate need of a back massage 
in desperate need of inspiration definitely lacking it today ~ 
IN DESPERATE NEED OF IPHONE MONEY (srsly, me needs a phone that works!  ) AND ITUNES MONEY! :O
In Detroit @ the oral surgeon while her baby gets 4 wisdom teeth pulled 
In dire need of a cigarette. 
In dire need of a hug after a looongday in court... Very much emotionally drained right now 
In dire need of a massage and kisses 
in dire need of something good to read. 
In ear moniter issues 1st set. Always rough to lead worship &amp; deal with.  @chrisestes rocked it out during the break &amp; now it'sallgood
in early  why do middle aged people think it is cool to be at a college grad party? the world may never know..
In economics... It sucks 
In English and bored out of my brain. 
In english listening to alice doing her own impression of hoedown throw down. funny as! however the coursework we're doing isnt funny 
In even stupider queue from hell at Belfast City Airport. Worse than one at Belfast International last Monday 
In eye doctors office made me take my contacts out and i cant see 
in fact has no conjunctivitis...but a &quot;zona&quot;  my ******* eye is burning, can't sleep and my face looks temporarily like elephant man one's
in fact he wants to go on the cruise his family is going on!  sodding training!
In Fiction was one of the best Fucking  concerts i've been to in the history of ever ever land....       I'm going to miss you boys 
in fifteen minutes, Eric and I are going to start doing a project that we have managed to put off for one year... Reorganize the closet. 
in firefox 3.0.11, I cannot sometimes use delete button on my gmail 
in for a long night learning statistics! 
In for a long, long day  Got to the track at Northampton 12:30, racing starts 6:30, probably won't be back home before midnight - boohoo!
In for the night training all day tomorrow 
In four days, I have had four of my roommates leave before I get to.  Still waiting on that MRI...
in france right now... it is horrible 
In France, Today it's raining 
IS THIS JUST A WASTE OF MY TIME??...I THINK IT IS BECAUSE I NEVER GETTING ANY RESPONDS BACK. 
Is this rogue UNIT member is the harbinger of death for the series? Word is it's not coming back, pending ABC final judgement 
Is this Rove retiring thing true?! 
Is this the only thing the 3.0 software does... I can't see anything else  http://twitpic.com/7vueq
is this thinking that this work load is never going to end!!! 
Is this true @pearljam? I'd be TERRIBLY disappointed to say the least -- as I'm sure will loads of other diehards  http://bit.ly/DiTla
Is this true the iphone update delayed till 2morow? 
is thoroughly in love with the Canon 40D. My 10D feels so inadequate now 
is thousands of miles away from her dad on Father's Day 
is thr sme law of conservation of feature-richness? #twitbin adds some over twtrfox, so it lacks some too!  No expanding shortURLs...
is thrilled to be heading home. Sucks I've got to go back to Jackson again Sunday. 
is thuper tired and scared  http://plurk.com/p/11v4n8
Is ticked her 33 oz water bottle got thrown away 
is ticked off because she WAS SUPPOSED to go to KB with the cousins today. UGH! Sorry Andak  
is tidying my room 
is time to bath haha tomorrow school  i hate that only 9 days yeah ok see u latter twitters i going to take a fantastic bath
Is time to wakeup! 
is tired  and has listened to Alexander Rybak's song fairytale 42 times I LOVE IT!!
is tired  Been a long day!
is tired  new phone when i get home 
is tired after playing Basketball  http://plurk.com/p/xuifo
Is Tired And Confused And Upset And Just BAD TIMES 
is tired and cranky this morning.  hmmm, nothing new there.........
Just got back from Greece! Wish i was still there 
Just got back from guitar lessons and I am so hungry 
Just got back from hanging out with friends, Disney lackeys all.  I suddenly miss working for the Mouse... 
Just got back from home from the Gomes residence. I don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
just got back from hospital  after having been smashed in the foot with a cricket ball ! :@
Just got back from hospital, brother had to go to the emergancy ward... 
Just got back from hospital. Eating something then bed. Unfortunately, things don't look good. 
Just got back from ice cream therapy. No help! 
just got back from jeff's. showering and then packing for the wedding  be back on Sunday.
Just got back from Jojo's school, helped them set-up the graduation tomorrow.  I'm going to cry!!!  My baby's going growing too fast 
Just got back from kemang, capeeeek dan besok ujian accounting dan economics, aaaaaaah males deh 
just got back from kickboxing class. instead of calling it &quot;turbokick&quot;...they should call it &quot;turbokick my butt&quot; cause it's stupid hard!! 
just got back from lukes. havent slept all night but i cant sleep 
is tired and going to bed. work 7-3 
Is tired and has to leave 
Is tired and HEATED I've been up since 3:26 yesterday and I'm out in this cold ass car 
is tired and irritable  bad words
is tired and is getting a head ache 
is tired and just got Lil BACK to sleep. It only took 2 hours. She doesnt feel well 
is tired and sleepy after sleeping for 4 hours and got up again... 
is tired and wants Matt to come back home  &lt;3
is tired and wants to do more, but has no energy to do it... 
is tired but cant go to sleep..thinking about him and wishing he was here 
is tired but have to do her geo presentation 
is tired but neeedas to do much much more science revision 
Is tired but so much to do 
is tired directly after waking up. Not a nice feeling 
Is tired from a long day of dancing 
is tired from waking up early just to be at work at 7:45...AM!!! this shouldn't happen during summer 
is tired now 
Is tired now. N missing my love.  ahhhhh!
Is tired of being alone 
is tired of being sick! YA NO MAS! 
is tired of being tired 
is tired of childlike behavior and thinks he needs to find a new group.  
is tired of doing the Agreements!! Aiyo bila mau habis ni?? Mata dah sakit gila!! 
is tired of her head hurtin all the time 
Is tired of my phone acting crazy it seems to be on a thirty minute delay.... 
is tired of phonetics and is stressed for the examS which are tomorrow 
is tired of revision 
is tired of the people who live above her and tired of allergies and just tired in general 
is tired of the rain!! 
is tired of the toothache 
Is tired of the weather and the colds...... 
is tired of this   http://plurk.com/p/xm2hx
is tired of this rain.....BLECH!!!  
is tired of this stupid iPhone backup taking for-friggin-evar, i wantz Fwee Pwoint Oh updatez nao! 
Is tired of typing mammograms. 
Is tired of working so much!! And that he had to leave 
is tired today 
is tired! 
is tired! And losing my voice 
is tired! livi didnt sleep good lastnight due to - teething 
is tired! missing his man! 
is tired!! 
is tired!!! gonaa be at jp all nite.....  
is tired, even after the long sleep she had. Bloody hell. 
is tired, had a loong day but it was worth it. Feel so unloved, nobody has called or texted me today  ahwell. One day i will go to France.
Just got back from mini-golf with the youth group. That was only MILDLY painful. 
Just got back from Molly's...dumb american lit project 
just got back from Monette. I miss it now.  Dunno what I'm gonna do now.
JUST GOT BACK FROM MY BAND CONTEST THAT WAS FUN!!! AND SOMEONE GOT SICK DURING THE LAST SONG 
Just got back from my cruise! Is gunna miss all of my friends!   like kyle&amp;Colby&amp;Kallyn&amp;Angel&amp;Colton&amp;Justin&amp;Olivia&amp;Jackie&amp;Marissa&amp;more!
just got back from my cruise. i still feel like i'm rocking. i miss the dolphins and the free food! 
Just got back from my early workout. now getting ready for service. still sleepy weather 
Just got back from my neighbor's wake....God, that man practically raised me when I was little.  
Just got back from my study group and shopping day Forever21 and MAC haul tmrw cuz i still have homework 
just got back from orthopedic, splint on for 2 more weeks, wow this stinks 
just got back from out of town now i have to go into work 
just got back from outside. its so humid. it sucks  plus no sun where i am!
just got back from Paris! 1 day is SOOO not enough!!! 
is tired, over worked and sleepy from yesterday night 
is tired.  having choc waffle now but it's not helping the mood. 
is tired....have to pack up my stuff this evening  don't want!!!
Is tired...bored...home on a saturday doing nothing...  
is tireed 
is tireeeeeeed  http://plurk.com/p/119zf1
is to sick to work 
is today is gonna stink  I already miss @amandiee
Is today Monday again? UGH! I should have stayed in bed. It's cold. I'm bored. I hate days like today. 
Is todays going to be tough =\ ...missing my daddy a lot. 
Is tonight the night in whic LBJ and his Cavs go home... i wish that... but i think everything decide in game 7... 
is too hot 
is too hot to sleep..dont wanna open the window..incase bugs come in 
is too hot, feeling sickly, and dreading work. Fuck Rogers 
is too leet opgestaan and there are now no koffiekoeken for me 
is too sick 
is too sick to venture far from home... Back in jammies - one of those days. 
is too tired but needs to study for an exam 
is too tired to be at work 
is too tired to be doing any of this...this is sucks 
is too tired to get out of bed for a wee 
is too tired to read, but too awake to sleep. 
is too young to be broken hearted 
is tooooooooo cold. 
is tooooooooo lateeeeeeeeee!! i should go to my bed!  but this is so entertaining!
is tooootally wishing i was going out tonight 
Is torri hunter in the lineup? Dish isn't working, not sure why 
is totally bewildered about life tonight. Feel like it's 2003 all over again... BTMM 
is totally bummed. 
is totally fked this sem.  argh! ok. work hard!  http://plurk.com/p/xco4h
is totally freaking out. 
is totally not ready for school tomorrow 
Just got back from picking up Stacia's car, 500.00 dollars later  now house work  what a life!!!
Just got back from putting up a few decorations. The bartender gal thinks I'm a good friend. I just wish I could have done more. 
just got back from rike's house and suddenly caught a cold 
just got back from rockwell. made my own havaianas. disappointing 
Just got back from San An. I miss it already 
just got back from school *yawn* I burnt my finger in art today 
Just got back from school, found out i have a science module exam on June 22nd 
just got back from school, soooo fun but i miss Travell! 
just got back from school.  SHEMMS!! Summer class has been officially ended.  http://plurk.com/p/wxsgy
Just got back from school. Was very dull. No good lessons  Video is being uploaded as we speak.
Just got back from school... TIRED.... Geometry homework... 
just got back from school..so tired..I'm still going to do a bunch of homeworks.Ugh! 
Just got back from seeing the movie &quot;Up&quot; with @alphacat1. I don't like movies that make u think of losing someone close to you  I cried
is totally pissed off his life 
is totally shattered   It took all the energy I have to get out of bed, and friends and boy are going into t... http://plurk.com/p/12o8lb
is totaly bored n stuck in coz its pissin down 
is tryin 2 decide wot 2 do wiv her day, so far iv cum up wiv nutin 
is tryin to figure out y i am up and y i feel a cold coming on when i just got over one a week ago! damn 
is tryin to sleep but cant  too much on her mind
is trying hard to speak like a mamak Penang! But is failing miserably 
Is trying her best not to watch CLUELESS already, since I don't have much time. So many things to do.. so little time. 
is trying not to cry because my best friend which is like my only friend is moving 
Is trying not to feel lame - but this is not the week to over do it 
Is Trying So Hard To Get Her Assignments Done by Tomorrow, But Not Having Much Luck!!!  
Is trying to add people on Twitter and struggling slightly 
is trying to avoid getting up to delay the evil blood tests today! Don't want to go on my own either 
is trying to combine Twitter &amp; Telus into one new word ... 'Teller' is taken 
is trying to complete her 600 words chinese essay that has been dragging for three whole weeks. Hate chinese 
is trying to contact her successful University Challenge Team but only two of them have picked up the phone 
is trying to decide what to do about her tattoo design.....and her hair too....its not jet black anymore 
is trying to deny that she's beginning to miss him -- more and more, each and every single day that their apart  ... i need Sprite! HAHA!
is trying to enjoy his life as a bum!!! hayst... 
is trying to enjoy twitter... 
is trying to feel someone better, but didn't work.  http://plurk.com/p/xnkml
is trying to fend off an oncoming migraine with nothing but Tylenol 
is trying to figure out how to take a shower 
is trying to figure out the source of her (physical) pain. 
just got back from shopping!!! i'm very energetic atm. i need @hannaahblack to come bounce with me cuz @aanjelicaa91 won't 
just got back from skool got soaked it sucked 
just got back from socce  we lost
just got back from springhill and pugwash! tired as ever 
just got back from swimming at the whites without the whites   game 2, here we go!
Just got back from Sydney - waiting for my beautiful wife to return home 
just got back from takin baby girl to get her shots.   my poor princess... ouch!
Just got back from takin hubby's kids home. Weather is shocking 
Just got back from takin the little one to the park... She was sad we had to leave! 
Just got back from taking my brother to the airport  be safe I'll miss you
just got back from taking my nephew to the ER  no more office day with the kids for now...kids need to rest!
just got back from tgi friday's with tuesday and emma.. tuesday is leaving for canada tomorrow 
Just got back from Thaipot and I really missed everything about it, sad to say goodbye. 
just got back from the airport... traffic is scary 
Just got back from the animal emergency room. My poor baby has colitis. He's on medication now, I hope he gets better 
Just got back from the ball. Time for just a few hours of sleep   but had a great and interesting evening meeting nice new people.
is trying to figure out the twitter thing.  I forgot I even signed up 
is trying to figure out twitter 
Is Trying To Figure Out Twitter;Since I'm New 
is trying to figure out what can we possibly do for seven hours? This is so not as fun as the disneyland orientation. I miss disneyland 
is trying to figure out what is all this hype on twitter is about. work again tmr 
Is trying to figure out where the hell these variances are coming from...I'm SO firing my assistant managers!!! 
is trying to figure out why she gets tired of guys after a month... 
Is trying to figure this out 
Is trying to fill up his colleagues classes to no avail... 
Is trying to find a new family doctor cause I can't stand my current one. Not many are accepting new patients 
is trying to find a rottweiler puppy but is having no luck 
Is trying to find friends on twitter. But I can't 
is trying to find john lennon on myspace!!! but i cant 
is trying to find my motivation. I believe the rain washed it away. I could never live in Forks, even for an Edward 
is trying to find people on twitter but is finding it really hard for some reason! 
Is trying to find the right decision of her life ... to try and make my wish come true or not ! 
is trying to get Flash CS4 to work the way I want it to. Motion detection does not work and I don't know how to make Adobe AIR apps. 
is trying to get help on her sony reader. 
Is trying to get into twitter but Im hooked on facebook. 
is trying to get my iMovie to work 
is trying to get over her cold! 
Is trying to get to sleep but can't get to sleep 
Is trying to learn all road theory by 6:30pm... I'm gonna hit something!!  xx
is trying to make a CV. Not fun 
is trying to make a decent birthday card. Failing miserably 
Is trying to make herself feel better as she feels sick 
is trying to pick out homeowners insurance... Ahhhhh! My brain hurts 
Is Trying to put my Picture on Twitter, and i can't there is always a Problem 
is trying to put things within his comprehension... 
Is trying to read and study I can't focus 
is trying to relax. wondering if she will ever figure out how to get the ball back on her lip ring 
Is trying to remember the last time she went on a date... :/ 
is trying to revise whilst watching friends. if only life was this easy all the time  xo
just got back from the beach..tried to get a tan, but ended up burning really bad..my arms are bright pink... 
Just got back from the block party... Took entirely way too many pictures. Too many to go through. 
just got back from the casino.didnt win big 
just got back from the championship game... we lost 1-0 with 14 sec left in OT   tough game tho we killed over 20 minutes in penalties
Just got back from the club. I'm super tired and worried about Marquis  gute nacht, Freunde
Just got back from the concert it was amazing 2 bad i got there when it was almost over 
Just got back from the dentist (had a tooth pulled  ) and Hanging out with my #1 Chick
Just got back from the doctor... I don't need surgery yayyy!!!!!! But my knees are still fucked  not gonna get better
just got back from the dog park... so sad when your dog can't find anyone who wants to play 
just got back from the E.R..i just had an epiphany!!! no more hot cheetos.. 
just got back from the emergency room. sad me 
just got back from the ER 
just got back from the er...asprin and mri's in my future. I hope it was something other then what the dr's said  it may be.
just got back from the eye doctor. I am slightly near-sighted 
just got back from the funeral of a government employee-friend.    http://plurk.com/p/n0bvd
Just got back from the grocery store..it's crazy!!ibu-ibu kalap senggol bacok..huhuhu..poor me.. 
just got back from the group meeting. now i gotta do math hw!...guess i'm not getting any sleep tonight 
Just got back from the gym now it's off to Costco.  Just a fun all around day 
just got back from the hospital... Tyronne's knee is not doing good 
is trying to run away but not gettin anywhere very fast 
is trying to send a direct message to my ATV friend and it won't work   I'll figure it out.  Looks great outside my office window.
is trying to sleep but cant keep my eyes closed.  x
is trying to sleep off the pain and sickness, my mom thinks i've come down with something 
is trying to sneakily download a game but its taking its time, I'm impatient 
is trying to stay positive when surrounded by negative. i wish everyone i loved was single so they could be only mine 
Is trying to stop the low that is inevitably gonna follow the high that was London!  so much anticipation....now what am i gonna do?
is trying to study for exams, but my eyes keep dosing off. imma fail! 
Is trying to study for her Sales &amp; Marketing final while finishing up her term paper, but Twitter keeps interrupting. 
is trying to talk Jay into going to the cinema to watch Angels &amp; Demons. Not having much luck so far 
is trying to type this essay about why she wants to teach in Korea...its taking a long time 
is trying to un-hate somebody at work. it's just soooo hard. 
is trying to upload the single to Ditto Music.... and apparently the &quot;file type doesnt match&quot; its so frustrating! anyone got advice? 
is trying to work out why the account she made about 15mins ago is gone... and fucking insomnia is SHIT when exams are coming up 
Is trying to work twitter out!!!! 
is tryng to watch Kill Bill Vol. 1, but the sound is too faint and cant find compatible sub-titles.... 
is TUIO gonna work with SketchUp? 
Is TweetDeck being ridiculously slow and starty-stoppy for anyone else? 
Is Twitpic down again, or did I beer-break my phone after all? Can't upload pics since updating Tweetie.  
is twitter acting up...getting some weird  action  
Is Twitter becoming a bookmarking site?     @twitter
Is Twitter fucked for anyone else? I can't reply to people! It's not letting me! Sorry all 
Is Twitter having some problems w follower-count? I'm not following 2,002 as the web-interface currently lists, it's 1,012 (via the API) 
Just got back from the midnight drags.  The better half wouldn't let me smoke the tires tonight 
Just got back from the orthodontist ... My teeth hurt   
just got back from the Seminar by OEM CCT...so tired. Beside, gotta go to work tomorrow as well 
just got back from the sounds game. we lost 
just got back from the Tustin Chili Cook Off where I found my old friend Jen Caldwell and got to admit i still only have a maiden name. 
just got back from the wedding. i can't believe i missed the DZK recital! 
Just got back from the yosemitie hike. We hiked up Nevada Falls. I'm sore 
Just got back from town! Got something for fathers day. Stupid weather its raining now 
just got back from vacation with the love of my life, back to reality on friday 
Just got back from vet. Kitty still sick.  Blood in urine. Dr said next option surgery...
Just got back from volleyball. We won 2 games out 6 
Just got back from walking the dog. She was petrified the whole time.  She'll get used to it. I&lt;3DominosPizza.  Movies later?
just got back from walmart i bot the twilight CD. i wanted to go ahead and get DODWAV and the comatose deluxe CD but they didnt have them 
Just got back from watching the Hurricanes land. They drive fast  Pictures comming soon.
Just got back from watching UP....some parts made me cry 
Just got back from watching Wolverine. I give it a B. Wishing I had someone to hang out with while Doug is at work tomorrow 
just got back from watching wolverine...i liked it 
just got back from work and is upset 
Just got back from work... Exhausted! and got it 7am tomorrow!!!   xxFollowxx
just got back from work... soooo tired 
Just got back from X-men. disappointed. 
just got back home from a fun night at my cousins house...not looking forward to going to school tomrw 
just got back home from tennis. trainer said i got really fat! 
just got back home from the longest San Jose roadtrip ever, and threw up my in n' out burger.  
Just got back home from the supermarket... got ice cream in 2 different flavours. I love Hagan Daaz (think I spelt it wrong w/e).Headache 
just got back home from wrapping AGT, i miss everyone already! 
just got back home, tomorrow will be a bad day  ugh
Just got back home. Was going to have the car registered but as luck would have it power went out at the LTO office right when I arrived. 
just got back in da crib from work mad tired bout to eat sleep where's @cakecouturediva Idk 
Just got back in on my motorbike in time, phew! All fixed etc... Car parts, bike parts ï¿½220 now am really skint.....again. 
Just got back in, and I'm absolutely exhausted, have to be up in 5 hours for work 
is Twitter's connections API broken? Some tweets didn't make it to Twitter...
is uber bored! needs to work!!! 
Is Uber Excited It's Thursday!!! WOOT WOOT!!! Finally The Weekend Is Close!!!! YAY!!! I'm Not Looking Forward To Work Thursdays Are Slow! 
is unabashedly in love with Greek and sad that the season is over.   
is unable to sleep. Well...it's not through not being tired, it's because my wife snores 
is unbelievably tired and grumpy... 
is uncomfortable 
is under pressure  i hate the fucking marketing waaa...UNDER PRESSURE SONG N. 6 QUEEN LIVE AT WEMBLEYYY
is under the weather  Hopes to be over the weather soon!
is unfortunally watching transformers 2 revenge of the fallen 2moz but i dnt wanna c it, it nt gt rob pattz in 
is unhappy to hear of the death of a good friend. 
is unhappy today. im watching sex and the city tonight 
is unintentionally kiling all the indoor plants 
is unlucky tonight. 
is unmotivated to do anymore 
is unpacking from the girls retreat then GSM! So sad its the last one! 
is unsure what to do but feels so forgotten 
Is unwell &amp; Sam isn't talking on Facebook chat! 
is Unwell too.  http://plurk.com/p/11voo6
is up &amp; not wanting ot go to work!!!!! 
is up again early with the kids, i wouldn't mind so much but i am still sick. I'm feeling pretty cruddy today 
Is up and at 'em but wondering where 3.0 is 
Is up and at work while Shane gets to relax all day 
is up and awake but doesn't know why... I'm still very sleepy 
is up and barely moving after spending three hours sorting the boys' clothing yesterday. Hoping that pain meds will help.  
Just got back to Anderson.  Now to unload the van 
Just got back to Gurnee. Tired and sad that I'm working. Everyone is hitting the pools or the beach and I get to go to the mall. 
Just got back to our van &amp; trailer and they stole our spinners... I loved those walmart spinners... 
Just got back to SJ... No time to rest I have to DJ tonight  delayed flights suck!!
Just got back to wright state starting to clean my room 
Just got back! Chem1 was (y), but chem2 was just oohkay. Hmm i feel sad 
just got back! wish the day didnt hafta end so soon 
Just got back. Fun Night with him. He's too old though...  oh well
just got back. illness  tomorrow is gonna be such a busy day OOOOOH but at least i'll see some friends that i havent seen in a while
Just got back. International festival was mad awesome. They made us clean up.  but it was awesome!!
just got back... get about a 30 minute napp then its off to bball.. 
Just got back-hand smacked by a black chick 
just got bak from san clemente with michelle.. one of the most funn trips of my life, but then again i had a seisure  SCARY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got bakk from school, and playin soccer w/ sebi, liam, and etc....baseball game got cancelled 
Just got banished from the Internet.  Tweeterck for iPhone is still pretty superior.
Just got barraged by a horde of insects hungry for my kitchen light. So scary.
Just got bit by a snake 
just got bit by one of the neighborhood cats trying to feed it...  i forgot 
Just got bit by the dog. 
Just got bitten by an unidentified insect. There was blood involved. Ow 
Just got blocked in by the Panera truck for like an hour 
Just got called &quot;maam&quot; by the teenaged worker at penguin.... Fml 
Just got called for Jury Duty AGAIN. This makes 8 times since I turned 18. And it's on Warped Tour 
just got called in to work tomorrow. fire much worse. 
Just got caught in the down pour 
just got caught in the rain walking back from asda, in my tshirt! 
Is up and drinking coffee. Think I am only riding the horse today wahhh. Neck really sore not compatible with the 848 today for a ride 
is up and feels like crap 
is up and feels like going back to bed... aaaahhhh 
Is up and going back to London, see ya later Manchester! 
is up and going into town, hope it doesnt raiin 
Is up and has a couple strands to run 
is up and leaving now 4 school  GAYBO
is up and off to work!  Phone STILL NOT working 
is up and ready to hit the beach......just one problem, the boo is still sleep. 
is up and still feels rough as fuck 
Is up and still ill, starting to get a little scared.. 
is up and working  hot today
Is up at 2 am 
is up at 6am on his day off.  was going to dishes to pass the time.  sadly no hot water coming out of the taps! 
Is up at at-em. More promo work... 
Is up at this hour comforting a scared puppy from the storm...  mia it's going to be okay I promise
is up before the sun...only to find out his flight's delayed  (oh well, at least I got gummy bears!)
Is up being super mommy to my baby boy who has a cold  i hate when he is sick.
is up but not feeling great. I was attacked by mosquitos and having a HUGE allergic reaction to their bites. 
is up cooking food, for her hungry ass stomach. Working midnights tonight! 
Is up early for no good reason  trying to catnap before I have to get up for real. Work out is at five.
Just got DailyBooth, I keep getting told to so I did.. Gah.. Add me or w/e? The names GracieGee.. Dont mock Im new lmao 
just got done building a casket for my puppy dog. . . 
just got done by the coppers down to 1 point now 
Just got done chillen at the CE pole_vault pit... I'm too fat now 
Just got done cutting andrew hair. Now I'm all itchy 
Just got done detangling hair...way too much came out 
Just got done doing CPR/running a Code...fun times at work today 
Just got done downloading music &amp; My jonas brother cd that I just burned just got stuck in the cd part &amp; won't come out  tinas trying to
JUST got done eating brkfast that @dollhse didn't come help me with  boooooo !!!
Just got done eating subway. It was super delicious but I'm super full now 
Just got done eating this fat ass whopper. Lol I want another one. 
Just got done emailing my baby.. Man i cant wait 2 see him again and have him here with me... 
just got done fishing, only caught a little one 
is up early on his day off raring go. Hope weather gets bit nicer, looks like more rain coming 
is up far too early for a Sunday morning and has a really bloodshot eye.  Owie. 
is up getting ready for class....Functioning off of 2 hours of sleep last night...and about 7 hours of sleep in the past 2 days 
is up getting ready for work...just gotta be able to move off the couch 
Is up having trouble sleeping  Maybe an orgasm will work
Is up late my poor baby girl is vomiting and feeling real bad 
is up loading pictures 2 my facebook! 2hrs later and am still doing it, how shits that  talk about take the piss!!! sort it OUT fb!
is up looking thru the pics from Lost in Music...will upload shortly...why is there never any sugar in this house n the shop is on mars 
Is up so early and proppa shattered and knackered 
is up thanks to 30+ msgs from @LittleYellowJen and a wake up call from @markpolchleb 
is up to no good.  has to leave for camping in 10 hours ! .. and cannot sleep 
is up too early 
Is up too early for a Sunday 
is up too early for a Sunday...even the comp is still waking up 
Is up too early.  but lots of things to do today.
is up waaaaay too early for a Sunday. 
is up wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to early 
Is up with a little boy who won't sleep. 
is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me 
Is up with a very very sore back. 
Is up with Lucy... Lil mamas is sick with fever and some sort of rash...   Yawn!!
is up, wishing i was sleep!  
Just got done installing a new idle control motor on my mustang. It was very easy, but the part was $92 
just got done mowing, have 2 write a paper now 
just got done my english final and it was actually easy(: chem test next periodd    hopefully i do good;
Just got done playin tennis with my sister... We're horrible... Next on the agenda, gay wedding... Then nothing 
Just got done playing soccer, now i got blisters 
just got done riding horses, now im hot and tired.   
Just got done rockin out in south beach. I just got off of I-95 the sky is blue. No rain 
Just got done seeing &quot;Up&quot; at the theater such a sad movie 
just got done singing at Upright Cabaret!  remembered my lyrics! Woo!  blew out my chords!  waah 
Just got done studying..stressed about this test!!  wish me luck n gnite!
JUST GOT DONE SWIMMIN!!! REALLY TIRED!!!!!!! SIGH. HOPE AUNT ALLIE IS OKAY FROM SURGERY 
is up. Time to clean.  
is up... might be going back to bed, though, if someone doesn't answer their phone!!! 
IS update again...it sucks.. 
is updating twitter and facebook from the barber's chair, which feels like a dentist's chair. Bye hair, I'll miss you 
is upset about a fake friends! u are a fuckin fake 
is upset about train leaving in front of her 
Is upset and just wants to listen to music... 
is upset he could not host the North Korean family. 
Is upset I cant load a photo 
Is upset I have run out of vicodin. 
is upset i missed this Sushi Fest  maybe next year! Sushi Sake Fest 09' Toledo, Ohio  http://ow.ly/eCWE (via @brainsandbutter)
is upset Petco doesnt sell fish bowls that fit over your head 
Is upset that  Nadal is out of the French open! 
is upset that Ellen Degeneres hasn't told me what she's having for dinner, or that she's driving home...  i only got twitter for her
is upset that FreeRPG is not for him 
Is upset that she can't get her phone working.. 
is upset that the detroit game went into triple overtime and they lost 
is upset wi @andreapolaski  she's showin no loveee
is upset! forgot to log off my Facebook n some jerk posted &quot;i love getting high&quot; i have work n professional acquaintances on facebook. 
is upset.   http://plurk.com/p/subnh
Is upset. I bought The Sims 3 today and it won't work. Something about the video card. I don't have $200 to replace it. Wasted my money 
is upset....prolly gunna be stuck home all day...yay spring break 
is using half an hour to actually wake up... then the next 7, 8, or 9 for revision... in a relaxed sort of way 
is using IE for twitter. Bummer. 
Just got done swimsuite shopping with the bestie she found a really cute one and I found nothing....... 
Just got done talkin to mi amiga mari on the phone. Tears are still coming i'm really gonna miss her! 
Just got done unloading gear in the rain  I hope it stops before 7:10!
just got done watchin the degrassi episode when jimmy got shot  i love that show!!!
Just got done watching Bolt again. I swear I'm gonna adopt when I get a place of my own. Also, &quot;Barking at the Moon&quot; is stuck in my head 
Just got done watching Farrah's Story. I cried!      ---Cancer is seriously a terrorist...
just got done watching House. The eppy where Wilson leaves. 
Just got done watching the movie passengers. It made me cry like a big ol sissy.  
Just got done with a nasty protien shake. Cookies and cream...HARDLY! BARF. Shouldn't have gotten the 5lb tub w/o taste testing...  lol
is using twitter for the first time ever and has had a very upsetting weekend 
is Utterli in it's last days? The site has slowed to a crawl 
is UTTERLY bored by all this God stuff....can I put it down now please...I am fed up of the pain  http://plurk.com/p/y192b
is utterly confused 
Is V Factory on open house party?? It says the ting tings 
Is Veeery Bored!  And Has A Textiles Exam To Revise For on Monday  x
Is Velvet Assassin really this hard, or do I just suck this badly at stealth games?  Holy crap!  I'm making NO progress!  
is verry sad she did not attend church this morning.  however doing things for father's dayy. Bonne FÃªte Des PÃ¨res! ( Happy Father's Day)
is Very Bored and Cant Sleep!! Gotta be up for work at 5.30 
is very bored at work 
Is Very Bored, Tryna Do My Homework  Boooo x
Is very bored. The internet is down and she doenst get sevice in that room so i cant talk to my baby  _je t'aime_
is very bummed about not getting tents 
is very confused.. Help.. 
is very disappointed. 
is very distracted, which today is NOT a good thing 
is very emotional this evening 
Is very excited for tonight!!!! Am thinking of going to starbs in uxbridge for some revision. Mehhhh 
is very excited to finally read &quot;Master and Commander&quot; - hope if fills the Hornblower size gap in my life. 
is very frustrated at not being able to buy 24 redemption anywhere in South Africa, what is it with place 
is very hungover 
is very hungry 
is very hungry! 
is very hungryyy!! i need to eat! 
Is very ill..   
just got done with hair therapy! sorta tired but no time to sleep work is calling 
Just got done with lunch. Yeah...(Not really) for more work  http://myloc.me/qMn
Just got done with my first day of work and is exsausted, sweaty, and chalky. 
just got done with silverwood so much fun!! coming home 
Just got done with the party and Im so freakin bord!!! Im gonna miss my cuzs 
Just got done with volleyball tryouts,  didnt do so well  i needs to step it up.
just got done with work soooo crabby and tired 
Just got done work....long, long,long day.  sorry to have missed @ggnkap @pastortomr  and @brianlaker at the meeting tonight. sorry guys. 
just got done working out. Now im going to lay down i have the worse cramps 
just got done working out.tired. 
Just got downgraded from a 19&quot; widescreen monitor to a 15&quot; normal one...   No more hi-def
Just got eaten alive by misquitos during manhunt. liz's last night here 
just got finished filling out the unemployment benefit forms and applied for a job at fgcu. tomorrow to beat the pavement. i haz headache 
