i need to learn how to gain some EQ.  
I need to learn how to go to bed 
i need to learn how to manage my money becuz sometimes i buy crap that i reeaaaly dont need...like yesterday i bought all this junk food 
I need to learn new dance choreography... 
I need to lie down after the GIGANTIC eclaire from dinner 
i need to look into some new tires for my car today.....more money 
i need to lose like 30 pounds by tonight! carbs don't look good on me 
I need to make some banners and buttons for the blogs but don't want to use the free ones cause they put all your stuff on display 
I need to not have eaten a whole pack of hobnobs today 
I need to pass out.. But the light won't turn off.  I hate timed lights..
I need to pee but its raining outside my tent 
I need to pee. But I'm too lazy to even get up from bed 
I need to play tennis really badly. Haven't played in a week. 
i need to post a picture up but my pictures are to big lol 
i need to practice my english so bad!  i hate to talk just like the old english books &quot;lesson one, the book is on the table&quot;
I need to prepare myself for the last night of drinking with my best @reveneam for THREE fucking months! She's leaving me... 
I need to print 506 pages today  It might take a while..
I need to quit my job. 
I need to rave REALLY BAD. 
i need to read @lizzie123x fic again, but i lost it 
i need to recollect hikki's songs again 
I need to recover from this cold ASAP so I can go back to working out 
I need to relax 
I need to relocate to the west coast.. This weather here is killin me!!! 
I`m leaving london  To got to Machyllneth to volunteer with www.pirc.info
I`m so jealous of people who get to see them and hear them now. 
I`m so sore  work is tough. Arrgh
I`v just found out I`m allergic to DAIRY PRODUCE 
ï¿½&amp;^^*$ï¿½% !!!!!!   Photocopier just died! And half way through pre-Sunday tree slaughter!  We are not amused!
ï¿½110 up this weekend, Must...not...spend 
ï¿½356 to make my poorly car better  oh well worse things happen - anyone got any odd jobs for meeee? lol x
ï¿½cont) feed and put kids down. Now to bed, alone 
ï¿½Devolutionï¿½(?): flight attendants now forced to peddle scratch-off lottery tickets. (ï¿½Only ï¿½1.50!ï¿½) 
ï¿½erTwitter Beta-2 Released Great twitter Blackberry client!  But so far no BIS channel   but great for wifi!!! http://viigo.im/xnb
ï¿½millionsbyname did u get into coffee lounge? I didnt  still haven't seen you,looked out 4 u but no luck
ï¿½Somebody wants to tell me hello ?? 
î€? flying to California today. Hopefully Lana won't be fussy on our flights, cuz daddy won't be there to help out 
ï¼ wangyazhou æˆ‘è¿™é‡Œtwitterfox   twitter.com twhirléƒ½è¿žæŽ¥ä¸?ä¸ŠåŽ»    çŽ°åœ¨æ˜¯é€šè¿‡Torï¼Œè®¿é—®çš„ã€‚
I-10 E @ Williams is all jammed--take Vets.  I have moved 10 feet in 20 minutes 
I need to revise :/ ....... ........ No fun! 
I need to revise biology tommorrow.  got LOTS of work to do
I need to rollback an SVN repo to a previous rev. It seems really complicated 
I need to run today after work - the house mikey and I were looking at has 6 bids and we can't keep up. 
I Need to see BLG and ATL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need to see nd too. 
I need to see weezy at least one more time before this nig.. dies from codeine  #LilWayne
I need to shop shop shop! 
i need to shop. so bad. too busy. this makes me sad 
I need to shower feeling so yucky right now.  can't wait til' i get comcast internet. Whoo imma be net bangin' .
I need to shower. It's been like 2 days 
I need to shut my mouth up about L0VE, MARRiAGE, AND BABiES or else he will go ByE bYe!!!  
I need to sleep but oddly I'm not tired. 
I need to sleep early tonight. Summer's really fast, I went to the beach 1 time the whole summer! Not like our ordinary summer. 
I need to sleep! Gotta work @ 9:30am 
I NEED TO SLEEP!!!!!  *....HAVE TOO MUCH ON MY MIND HAVE A EXAM TOMMRW 
I need to sleep, but really really want Insan to caaaall 
i need to sleep......i also need you. to sleep with me. 
I need to sort my life out! woke up at 3pm AGAIN!  I'm so lost without work to be avoiding 
I need to start asking for something other than fish &amp; chips when I go out for tea...I bore myself sometimes 
I need to start on my next article soon. But gawd, I'm tired.  Work's starting to feel kinda draining these days
I need to start packing up my stuff, but I don't want to... 
i need to start taking vitamins or something...i feel so weak 
I need to start watching Railscasts again. They've got some really cool stuff going on. Wish I had a RoR project to start fresh on 
I need to start working out again. I'm getting chubby 
I need to stop being a procrastinator... I needs help! 
I need to stop breaking news that @ilovecpstyle does not want to be known... my appolgies! 
i need to stop drinking so damn much... i think i might have been super annoying last night 
i need to stop drinking/eating in my room. too many bugs akjdshlak 
i need to stop eating to feel better: i do not find comfort in being fluffy. damn yoi avacado BLT's! 
i need to stop procrastinating 
I need to stop reading separate articles on @afterellen Always get my hopes up with BLWE only to re-read everything I've read 
I need to stop sleeping on my arms, cause I get them numb and its annoying 
I need to stop smoking at parties, makes me feel sick the next day. 
I NEED to stop thinking 
I need to strip some wallpaper after the F1, I have been putting it off for weeks but it has to be done for next weekend. 
I need to study for my science exam tomorrow 
i need to study some english before the show but my hand is denyin it 
I need to study. GP Articles/Math/Chemistry. GG 
i need to take a picture of myself and put it on here. its so unfortunate that the camera i have is useless 
I need to take the Nintendo DS to the repair shop. 
i need to talk to him  he makes me happy
i need to tell @SophieeLouise something! 
i need to update more! 
I need to update my stupid outdated iPhone!  lol http://tinyurl.com/njl95t
I need to use the computer now!!! Work as been busy for me. I need a new phone real soon! 
I need to wash my car 
I need to wash my hair. I feel dirty and unclean!! 
i need to watch bb + brothers &amp; sisters, forgot to record them last night 
I need to work out 
i need to write a 7 page document for the 7 lines of code i am going to implement...protocol !! 
I need to write a note to our dog Jake for his doggie funeral tomorrow. Just the thought breaks my heart 
I need to write back @jb4d asap before you really does hate me 
I need Twitter classes. Still can't direct mail all my friends, just some. Darn. 
I need VACATION 
i need vacations right now 
I need words of encouragement 
i need you Mr. President 
I need you so much right now! @mileycyrus 
i need your replies, guys. i'm in bad mood 
I'M SEEING BLURRRRR TONIGHT BLUUURRRRGHH!  need to de-grog, i am all of a grog. too much bud &amp; trampoline, typicalz. feel wheezy 
I'm seeing Escalades everywhere! XD I want one so bad. 
i'm seeing my cousin from Canada for the last time today before she goes back     sad times,need cheering up
Im seepy . berry ; berry seepy 
I'm selling my bug today 
I'm selling nearly every thing I own... Got to have less stuff for these travels... Guitars go bye bye 
I'm seriously bored. 10-day quarantine sucks! I miss school. 
im seriously dead bored. i just cant get myself to lie on the bed and close my eye and fly to lalaland. arghhh. im serously cant sleep. 
I'm seriously loving TweetDeck. I'm actually using Twitter properly now! Still no #iphone 3.0 #jailbreak.  Good night!
im seriously screwed for maths the mara!! 
I'm seriously sooo tired.... 
I'm severely disappointed in this season of the bachelorette...Jillian! Really...still Tanner AND Wes, with the loss of Mark and Ed 
i'm shattered 
im shattered and im really sorry im just goin 2 lie down for a while be back later i guess. and once again im sorry bye everyone. 
Im shattered scubs is finished 
I'm shedding! 
i'm sheepy 
I'm shocked. I can't believe BCF is closing... Its such a shame 
Ia feeling ill 
ia se fueron @morelinho y @joakinsin 
iÂ´d like to go out but it rains 
IÂ´m a poor working girl..and for 10 days without one single time free,urgh!!! CanÂ´t see anymore the sky only when I got off my shop... 
IÂ´m a psychological wreck...  oahhhh
iÂ´m afraid of the math-test ~.~  itÂ´s only a few ours fae away from now 
IÂ´m angry, it really pisses me off... 
IÂ´m crying ... my brother is so mean, he really thinks he can do what he wants 
IÂ´m dissapointed because I had fallen an exam 
IÂ´m doing my homework 
IÂ´m go  I donÂ´t know what to do
IÂ´m going to learn 
IÂ´m missing my sweet turkey so much  love&amp; miss u guys there :-*
IÂ´m not happy today  UERJ sucks
IÂ´m sad....Leftoverture has started skipping  (yes, i listen to albums. go away if you donÂ´t like it)
iÂ´m sick!!   i feel very badly
IÂ´m sick... thatÂ´s really really bad. 
iÂ´m so angry because i can't finish my homework.... i hate chemistry 
IÂ´m so bad... my heart will stop goinÂ´... iÂ´m feeling, i will die tonight 
IÂ´m so fucking exhausted!!! i want to sleep 
IÂ´m so lonely in my small village now... 
IÂ´m so sad because I love the boyfriend by my BFF 
IÂ´m so sad my phone is damaged  my aunt is a bitch !!
IÂ´m so sorry... I broke your heart 
IÂ´m so tired  so good night everyone and sweet dreams with your idols ;) :-*
iÂ´m soo bored   the weather is rainy  thereÂ´s no sun  and iÂ´m alone in school cuz my BF is ill
IÂ´m wonewey. 
iÂ´ve just came back from school... iÂ´m so sleepy! but i havenÂ´t got time to sleep 
iak, m-am saturat de texte 
Iam @ work 
iam about to go to sleep 
Iam already here in my room. And it feels lonly iam sad. 
iam back home back to work 
iam BORED.. 
iam like so bored!!!!! 
Iam not in the krew 
Iam Sad I ForGot My PassWold For My Other Account 
i'am said... 
Iam so bord  But on the plus side i have move red velvet cake!!! lol crazy me 
Iam so sleepy  yawn,huh...
Iam So UpSet I Cant Be With My Mom On Mother's Day How Sad 
iam soo bored 
Iam watching George LopeZ... I don't feel too good 
iamdownloader.multiply.com is already taken  http://plurk.com/p/12o5zl
Ian can't be replaced that easily. 
IAN LEFT THE CAB!!!  that absolutely effing sucks. i loved that dude. regardless, best of luck to him.
ian smith ddnt win  i luved him in neighbours ... he deserved it more !!!!
IANNNN. WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME?!?! 
Iaquinta is killing me. Last chance against Brazil 
iâ™¥C.B+T.H|| VIRUS ON THA?! Thats bad. very bad. I went on it when it was hacked. Is my computer gonna be dead soon? 
IB BIOLOGY AND IB PRECALCULUS FINALS TOMORROW 
IBM doesn't seem to make AIX workstations anymore   Sun doesn't list a Sparc workstation on their site   Is everyone on x86 linux now?
IBood DOWN 
Ibuprofen still hasn't kicked in..... this is torture. 
Ican't get over the fact how gorg Leighton is; also i can't fucking hear ANYTHING in english  and they're not translating, but COMMENTING!
icarly has physically disbanded 
ICC getting shirty with Voda in India    http://ow.ly/e7TJ
Ice baths hurt. 
ice cream ;) but i`ll pay for it... my belly and milk is not a good mix 
Ice cream and soup please ... Not feeling well 
Ice cream and TV, I'm gonna get fat. :/ Haha. I love it though. Last weekend before classes are done! One more week! Then finals 
I'm shooting things with high powered lasers! It's really not as exciting as you'd think. Nothing explodes, it just changes colour 
im shopportunistic; jubaloop ((sigh)) 
Im sick   some more chicken noodle soup, then im going to bed...
I'm sick  and hungry ;) gonna eat somthing now ;)
I'm sick  but on the plus side I got a 16g taper.
Im sick  can you still donate blood with a sore throat?
I'm sick  come take care of me
Im sick  damn gradnite and lack of rest for waking up early today!
I'm sick  I have strep. Ughh (via #zenjar )
I'm sick  I must have got a cold last week or sthg. bleh.
Im sick  I took a flu shot last saturday and it's still not working...
im sick  its 3am on a saturday night and im doing homework. this sucks
I'm sick  I've got a cold and it ain't so fun. My nose keep dripping   Make me feel better you guys (AA) Love you all &lt;3;*
I'm sick  my voice is totally gone. Going to the office anyways bc I have tons of files on my desk :\
i'm sick  princess diaries is on and they're having a beach party in san fran. what a joke, it's obviously freezing outside.
I'm sick  Someone come and take care of me!
I'm sick *coughcough*. Boooo you whore! 
I'm sick again  I wish someone could come and take care of me.
I'm sick again....  I'm not fine....
I'm sick and am in need of some intensive care   anyone?...please?  bah!
I'm sick and have no one to keep me company 
I'm sick and i've lost a gOod day with my friends 
I'm sick and taking a nap 
im sick and this suckks. now i have to go to work from 10 to 630 blehhh. 
I'm sick and vodka doesn't seem to be fixing it. 
im sick as hell and i had to come to work!   horrible day!
I'm sick at home  and I'm finding out how this work.
im sick at home and i think ill soon call the doctor.. 
I'm sick at home. 
I'm sick muffins, I can't even enjoy the weather today 
Im sick now for sure.  I feel hot, I got a headache and a dry cough. And Im hating my English teacher more and more everyday. 
I'm sick of being sick cough cough sneeze.... 
im sick of college already 
Im sick of having to go see all the movies my mom wants to see especially all these kitle kids ones 
I'm sick of hearing bout the new iPhone already!!!! I'm dreading the launch this fri  petes sake!
I'm sick of my pseudo best friend.   
i'm sick of not being photogenic, it's getting to the point I don't even want a camera in my face.  i'm supposed to be writing.  i'm not. 
im sick of not having a phone. and im sick of not having any money. and im sick 
i'm sick of people 
i'm sick of people asking all from you when they give you nothing!  
I'm sick of people not listening to what I want and just assuming they know what's best for me! 
im sick of physic and history, give up to learn it more, i think my brain not good enough 
Ice Cream Fail  one of the pieces didn't catch so the ice cream froze up the sides &amp; got hard while the middle stayed liquidey 
ice cream is no milk substitute 
ice cream men with their trucks n music are a dying art form. 
ice skating is toooo cold. my nose is red 
ice skatinggggg. cept now my feet hurt 
icecream, reading the bible, bedtime- p.s. i have a brother in AZ @mlts05 who doesn't answer the phone when i call  g'night &amp; God Bless
Icecrown today you fall beneath my awesomness!!! 
Iced caramel mochiatto with toffee nut. Here at sbux with @freddysaid leaving at closing i suppose! Its gonna be a long night. I love hw 
iced coffee mission failed 
Iced Coffee with no Splenda... They forgot the Splenda...YUCK!   JP
Ich hab 6 Server mit je 24 core und 256GiB RAM... und mir ist trotzdem fad... 
Ich hasse Internet Explorer. 
Ich spreche nur Deutsch. Okay, I'll be thinking in German. The exam is scaring me! 
iChat is my new best friiiiiiiennd. I WANT MY PHONE BACK ! 
icing my backkk...it hurts  ..wishin' some1 was here :-/
Icing my nose...please don't be broken 
Icing my toe after banging it into something and re-aggravating it. 
Icing the lower back &amp; not a cake this time!  Concrete is HARD! 
ick - my throat is scratchy too!  i hope the rest of the day is smooth going
Ick drunk man in fish shop gawping at my bewbs. Violated 
Ick... It's Monday 
i'm sick of rain. i want sunnn 
i'm sick of studying. no more 
I'm sick of the rain 
I'm sick of these fuckin school stuffs. waiting for hols coming to town.. and ah, its still about a week to go 
i'm sick of those spam followers 
im sick on my birthday 
i'm sick on my birthday 
I'm sick so..have 2 stay in all day  ITS HOT OUTSIDE SOOOO UNFAIR!right now watching one tree hill OMG Jamie (haleys son is sooo cute) ah!
i'm sick today. it's not that bad but i hate the feeling. and this coughing is making my chest hurt. 
I'm sick today... 
im sick wid a cold nd ma tummies a little sore  so sad
Im sick with a darn fever. I feel horrible 
I'm sick with the summer flu blah blah blah Not feeling good today 
I'm sick ya'll  thats why i been MIA
i'm sick!  and on the first day of summer...GAH!!!
I'm sick! At work. 
I'm sick! I think I need to go to the hospital... I can't even eat or drink anything 
I'm sick! My throat hurts SO bad!!!! 
IM SICK!....again. 
I'm sick, and I stayed at home today too ... 
Im sick, I was absent to the school and I want to go out of my house but it's cold 
I'm sick, not feeling well. whatever. Missed watching Grey's Anatomy 
I'm sick, still...after 3 days - which means a wasted weekend.  No fun
im sick,youre sick. imy 
I'm sick.  I think I have stage cough. lol
I'm sick.  So I am going to go lay down and maybe sleep. Wish me to get better? Loves &lt;3
i'm sick. i feel so tired i want to rest but i need to memorize the branches of biology 
I'm sick. I hate being sick its saturday! 
Im sick. So no school. The second time go two weeks  
I'm sick.. AGAIN... 
i'm sick.. argh! 
I'm sick...  *cough* *sneeze*
im sick...  my head hurts really bad...
I'm sick... But I have to venture out anyway. I gave ro my second pair of gloves only to realize I kind of need them today. 
im sick... im currently at the office... wish i could take a rest 
I'm sick...darn allergies. And it doesn't help that the air quality is at code orange today  Morning Loves...
i'm sick...my throat and my nose is killing me 
i'm sickk  ... tomorrow will be a disaster if i don't get better.
I'm sickk  someone take care of me!
im sickk.!!!!!  it suckkss should i eat chicken noodle soup.? i want to but im too lazyy to get upp..ggrrr..
I'm sickkk of studying!!  still 2 weeks  and 4 tests to go! Boehoee
im sickkkk  it sucks. i have no voice, and am forever blowing my nose. i swear this better blow over by tomorrow.
im sickkkkkyyyy  about to head home from the shop.
ICT  eewwww  Save Me Please! xo.
ict sucks 
ictt :/ toooo early 
ICU's  waste of my time
i'd also like a new iphone #squarespace 
id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
I'd be watching @taylorswift13 right now if it wasn't for post game coverage on NBC  MTV Movie Awards soon, I can't wait!!
I'd better go get something done. I can't waste another day doing nothing! Housework wins 
I'd do ANYTHING to be in Dallas right now 
i'd enjoy the rain if i didn't have to go out in it 
i'd feel better about going home soon, if it didn't mean that tomorrow i am having stitches removed at 9AM.  i like my franken-arm
I'd forgotten how expensive the @eusa Trade Fair is 
I'd forgotten how much I HATE working to deadlines 
I'd forgotten how much I missed Pushing Daisies 
I'd forgotten how nice my uni bed was, could sleep forever in it, though does feel strangely empty 
I'd get a second-hand collarbone if I could this one is killin me! Ouch! Prob too much typing or somesuch 
I'd give anything to be HOME 
id give tha world to have my baby back 
id go but i got the shorty and still havent gotten out of bed 
I'd keep spamming but I don't want to annoy people.  Hahahaa.
I'd keep the ticket in a heartbeat if I could.. but there is no way...  
Id kill for a graduation party. 
I'd like to actually sleep through the night, please. Tooooo tired to face the world today but no choice in the matter. 
I'd like to curl up and read with a cup of tea, but there's packing and ironing to do, and football to watch 
I'd like to follow just Twits on here... I'd really like, but 60 &quot;heavy blippers&quot; to follow kill conversation. 
i'd like to go out and enjoy the great weather but i'm so alone and there's nothing to do here 
i'd like to know why I never sleep. 
I'd like to know why there are no potatoes in the potato soup I just bought!!!!   
I'm siickkk.  Chills, sore throat, neck and back. This suckksss.
I'm siiick  Well at least no school today xD
I'm siiick ..I hate to be sick... DAMN I WANNA EAT AN HAMBURGER!!!!!!!!! 
i'm siiiiick  &amp; i have to work tonight hooray.
im sik of stupid skool n the stupid bloddy people especially the people who supposely r spose 2 b mi frendz  i wanna cry
I'm simply here at the hotel room. Pretty bored. My best friend just left with her new boyfriend. I won't lie...being alone kinda sucks 
Im single!  no good....
Im sittiing in baghdad wondering why am i here? i know its only 5 wks but its in the middle of nowhere and i cant even shop... 
im sittin here wishing my hair would grow  i only hsve one more chemo to go!
im sittin wide awake wishes i didnt work so much so i could be in more shows with my old friends  man i sure do miss those days
im sitting alone at TTE myself without my two michigan sisters for the first time in a decade.  
I'm sitting ALONE on the bus 
I'm sitting around wanting to do something  any ideas?
I'm sitting at a stop-light, waiting for it to turn green, but it's not. Faulty wiring? Or wrong buttons being pushing? I'm stuck at stop 
I'm sitting at home and do my homework....boring 
I'm sitting at home bored. Wanting to go out but no one to go with 
i'm sitting downstairs with a cuppa, wishing i was still in bed, but i need to get ready  otherwise holly will shoot me!
im sitting here and wait that the sun shines 
I'm sitting here at work trying to look as if I'm not sleeping, when I actually am. Had a hard time sleeping last night.. not my fault 
Im sitting here doing some work for my pharmacy degree 
I'm sitting here dreading going to work 2mrw.....It's summer...I really shouldn't have agreed to work at school!!!  My year was over!!! 
im sitting here in the cold basking in the glory of all the crap i have to do when all i want to do is sleep... 
Im sitting here in the middle east hating the fact that i have sand in every part of my body 
I'm sitting here watching Finding Nemo, and I'm getting a headache &amp; a toothache 
im sitting in bed doing emails  thats the bad part the good part is my gorgeous wife is next to me ;)!
I'm sitting in front of my homework *wÃ¤hhh* 
I'm sitting in my room looking through pics of me all through high school...tear 
im sitting in tears, whilst your in heaven looking down on me 24.7. pap i miss you!! been thinking about you all day!  I LOVE YOU.
I'm sitting in the breakroom by myself and someones phone is going off! Arghhhh I can't even have 15 minutes of peaceful time or what?! 
I'm sitting in the dentist waiting room. About to have more grim work done  can't wait till I'm outta here...
I'm sitting in the garden, reading &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;.  Hopefully I can shake off the headache soon 
I'm sitting up, unable to sleep 
I'm sittng here in a veryy boorrring meeting and I'm so ready 2 go  its 2 nice a day 2 b at wrk
I'm slacking horribly on my protein intake. 
I'm sleeeepy.  it was a long weekend
I'm sleeping in a plane stuck on the runway in chicago.... all I want to see is the arch. 
I'm sleeping over 12 hours per day! Help! 
im sleeping over at my aunts house and they are babysitting cats. ack =/ im allergic to cats...  my nose is going crazy and im sneezing
I'm sleepy  where is 4:00? Tell her to hurry up!
Im sleepy again 
i'm sleepy already. but ain't gonna sleep yet.. 
I'm sleepy and have a sore throat 
im sleepy and its only 6:12  gosh this day has gone really slow :/
im sleepy and really adorable 
i'm sleepy and still at this party  Best.U.Ever.Had
I'm sleepy as all heck right now. It's been a loooooooong day! 
I'm sleepy as hell, and want to learn doing several things at the moment  but I can't
i'm sleepy but can't goto sleep 
I'm sleepy but I gotta ready for the next show soon, and it's hard to get comfortable and nap cus the hotel is givin me pushback....  MAN!
I'm sleepy but is feeling under the weather! ugh! These damn tonsils. I need some company or somebody to talk too! 
i'm sleepy!  boo!! nooo!! i wanna sleep but i'm waiting for FC! this is an FC vigil! ?
i'm sleepy, grumpy and not in a mood to work! errgghhh... i hate this feeling la. i miss my bed.. 
I'm sleepy. It's coupon Thurs. tomorrow  I'm working 10-6:30. BLAH. I'm gonna try 2 go 2 bed now. &lt;3 u Boo!
I'm sleepy. My turkey tacos made me sick 
im sleepy. wish i didnt have to work today  
I'm sleepy...but I don't want to go to sleep yet 
i'm slightly allgeric to apples 
i'm slipping on my reading. i should def be on chapter 8 of obama's book. i'm on at the third chapter 
i'm slowly finding all my favourite movies. But where's Bill &amp; Ted?  They are smacked on my wishlist now.
i'm slowly growing broke again until next week's paycheck 
I'm smug now! I got 7/7 in the BBC maths quiz with mental arithmetic alone, no paper no calc! but then mrs b does have a degree in maths 
I'm sneezing so bad... I think my nose is falling off. 
I'm sneezing so much  I CAN'T BREATH ahha 
'I'm so 2008, your so 2000' and late. Well glad to see that the lyrical quality of music is on the up and up 
I'm so angry at myself. Why didn't I do well at that interview? I blew it up 
Im so angry right now .. today im not doind nothing and all my classmates yes  ,i think i will stay with my friend Mr.Computer .. hope not
I'm so angry! It should have been Siavash or Sree.. Poor Beinzair 
im so annoyed i cant get all my photos loaded to the comp  2night was goooood!
im so annoyed that my freezer has stopped working and it was full as anything :@ 
I'm so annoyed that that LIVE update just glitched my Gears of War 2 achievement journal. I won't be playing multiplatyer ever again. 
I'm so awake,  yet so so so sleepy!    
I'm so beat. I just want to sleep. at work now hoping to get out early. huge headache. 
I'm SO behind in video games, and everything for that matter. I'm yesterday's news 
I'm so behind on my YouTube subscriptions... 
im so bella sittin here cryin and so emotional because im lonely sucks tho 
I'm so board. Too bad I don't have anyone to tlk too. 
im so bord now  theres nothin to do, i need a friend
I'm so bored   I want to cry cry cry boo hoo hoooo 
I'm so bored  But its sunny for once but i can tell its gonna rain 
Im So Bored  My Fake Tans Goin Away, But Ive Still Got Sunburn I Feel Sick, I Think Ive Got Sunstroke
i'm so bored :/ havenothing to do :'( would like to have asunny day...it's beenraining for days 
I'm so bored @rounduprussy has me at the #TWELVE by my self 
I'm so bored and i miss The Jonas Brothers  so so much  not happy  sad sad sad 
I'm so bored and nobody to talk to 
i'm so bored and sick!!!  but i don't feel bad that is good
im so bored at home! 
im so bored at homee....  but hey! i would go to the movies ;D hahaha
im so bored everyone? 
Im so bored here , I want go back to Florida 
Im so bored I don't know what to do with myself, but I can't sleep because I'm not tired...what to do... 
Im so bored i dunno what to do  if anyone sees this please call me or text me or something . . .  Even if my only 2 real people are pe ...
I'm so bored I guess I'll go up here and get ready for bed  so not the move. It's on tomorrow!!!
I'm so bored I'm thinking of cross stitching again. :| My eyes won't be able to handle it, they're not as good as they were high school. 
I'm so bored I'm watching last of the summer wine 
I'm so bored now! Petey has left.. All alone... 
Im so bored revising! Wish the sun would come out  xoxoxo
im so bored right nowwww... all my friends are on vacation right nowww  this sucks haha
im so bored rite now......wrkin on sunday is the worst..its soo dead in the store 
Im so bored that I think I'm going to stick firecrackers in jelly donuts. Sorry folks-I can't take topless pics-I dont have a blackberry 
Im so bored well this is a crappy first day out of school 
I'm so bored!  Friday night, no planss. WOW, I'm coool! Hahaaa.
I'm so bored! Having to read the withered arm in my English lesson! It's crap 
I'm sO bored! I'm coming home soon. YAY to see @RumpleFugly110! Boo to leaving Adam  It is all for the best though!&lt;3
im so bored!! theres nothing to do 
I'm so bored, theres no one to talk to.. 
im so bored.  i wanna go out.. 
im so bored. I really hope he comes over tonight, we have a lot to talk about. my hearts hurting today for some reason  &lt;3
I'm so bored. I'm all dressed and done up for Jess. Too bad she isn't home to receive me 
im so bored. nobody is coming out today 
im so bored... im not even tired and im so mad because regret something i didnt do yesterday!!! ughhh.. im so STUPID! 
I'm so bored... I'm tweeting my ass off..f*ck it I'm going to sleep! Goodnight! 
I'm so bored... just waiting to be called for jury duty is no fun at all.  To top it all off, I have to take a 2 hour lunch by myself. 
im so bored... work tomorow  i wish weekends were mon,tues,wed,thurs, fri so we only hav 2 work 2days, oh but still get payed the same
I'm so bored.... I have like NO money, bad times! 
im so bored................... huhuhu....... coz theres no online    only me?????huhuhuhuhu,,,,,,,,,,,,  and to david archuleta: pl ...
i'm so bored...outside sun is shining and i'm sitting in school 
Im so broke right now -wish i had money i feel like shopping 
im so bummed that i dont have a ride to the boys like girls concert tonight. about an hour ago; i was on the verge of crying  im good now.
I'm so bummed that the song I was going to use in my perfect video announcing the winner got disabled for copyright...  ahhh now what
I'm so burnt from my afternoon at the farmers market and the pool. 
i'm so burnt it hurts to sit 
I'm so burnt, been at the pool all day! Ouch 
im so busy packing i had to cancel on my date tonight! sorry babe  shes gonna kill me... o_O
I'm so busy with college right now. Sorry for being such a bad twitterer 
I'm so busy with school I don't have time 2 tweet anymore  I miss summer already!!!
I'm so c-c-c-c-cold!!Just got up &amp; out of bed and this house is freezing!  I wanna go back 2 bed, but can't cuz of my allergies.  Grrr!
i'm so clueless with twitter. 
I'm so clumsy  slipped at least ten times today.
i'm so clumsy... 
i'm so cold and hungry... this is when i miss home 
I'm so cold right now! Wtfrick... 
im so cold, my hands are sore 
I'm so cold...I've been working all morning...I miss enjoying my wkends....  tear...
Im so confused 
I'm so confused 
i'm so confused  i hate my love life at the moment, it sucks :'(
im so confused  This SUCKS!!!!!
Im so confused are you talking to me or not? 
I'm so confused right now. I just don't know 
im so confused they need 2 fix twitter. 
I'm so confused, I want to work but I also want to see my dad over the summer ugh~ getting a summer job was a bad idea  I hate divorce
im so confused. ive just ruined everything. and i dont think its ever gonna be the same... im sorry babe  ive ruined this for us..
i'm so confused... 
im so confused.... all these decisions its scary 
im so damn itchy! i got bit 14 times by those damn lafitte mosquitoes!! 
I'm so Damn tired. . I did EVERYONE'S chores tonight. Wtf? Assholes. I know You're tired, but what about me? 
I'm so delirious right now since I'm used to going to sleep early now. 
i'm so depressed right now 
I'm so depressed the Cavs lost last night! 
I'm so depressed we lost magnificently last night in tag rugby. We were so co-ordinated at training 
I'm so depressed, the scholarship test was yesterday  Now I have to go to selective or it's off to Westfield's Sports H.S for me 
I'm so dirty  Even my slippers are that dirty.
I'm so disappointed by this hot chocolate, it's the Cadbury Luxury one and it's a load of posh chocolate flakes but it's rubbish 
I'm so disappointed cuz' my news shoes are broken 
I'm so disappointed in the high volume of testing to which my 5th grade daughter was subjected this year.  evaluation &gt; education  =  
I'm SO disappointed in you guys. My new follower is @AUNtNaNaa 
I'm SO disappointed w/the ABCNews/Obama HealthCare Lovefest &amp; Sale-a-thon.Will ABC get rt be4 the new season of #Lost nxt yr?  #tcot#sgp
I'm so disconnected. 
im so dissapointed of this food ........... 
I'm so dizzy already and I'm only on the third page of chapter 73  *plops head*
I'm so dizzy this morning. 
i'm so done with people messaging/friend requesting me on myspace. i think all they want is some ass/boyfriend. sorry kids. i'm not that 
I'm so down in gambling 
I'm so down. no more Keeping Up With The Kardashians 
Im so drained 
im so draineeeed! i just want to go and fly over to thailand to do some major shopping now. 
I'm so dumb, i know i'm allergic and i put on latex gloves! My fingers are all FAT now 
I'm so excited about the club tonight the only thing sad about it is that Kenny won't be there 
Im so excited about the MTV movie awards!!!  even though I won't be there   I can't wait to watch them on tv and I hope...
I'm so excited for @KendraWilkinson new show Kendra. Lol, I'm such a loser. First day of work today, ew. Oh, and my listing didn't sell 
im so excited for tomorrow's enrollment!!.. but college won't be fun w/o him. 
I'm so excited for tonight! I just wish Demi was going. 
I'm so exhausted I literally feel sick and miserable. 
I'm so exhausted physically and mentally I'm not sure I can make it through the day. 
im so exhausted that my bones are becoming brittle 
I'm so exhausted! Have to get to sleep ASAP so I can wake up at 4:30am and leave for vacation  It will be worth it once I reach the beach
I'm so exhausted! My brother's leaving tomorrow, I'm already missing him! 
im so exhausted!! LOOONG day....feels good to be in my PJ's, in bed resting....but still gotta study for my quiz  tomorrow 
im so fat wanna loose wait i wanna be 100 lb 
Im so fed up with the cold iv nearly lost my voice  I actually cant wait for saturday i may fall in love haha! &lt;3
i'm so fed up with the rain 
im so fed up!!!... 
I'm so fed up.  - http://tweet.sg
im so flippin weak! I dont think i can go to work tom. Anyone wanna come visit me?? 
I'm so freakin frustrated about something I shouldn't even have to feel frustrated about. Not fair. I need a shower. 
I'm so freaking afraid that once again I've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . . 
i'm so freaking miserable  allergies suck. rain is depressing. i've got nothing to do.
I'm so freaking tired! 
i'm so frickin sleepy but im at work so no sleep for ol' E.P 
I'm so frustrated it makes no sense. Heading to Apple Store to drop $1700+ on new software. At least the prob will be solved finally. 
Im so frustrated with this theatre and the employees! Why doesnt anyone use common sense? Its like swimming against the current 
I'm so fuccin out of it n I gotta work 3-10 been up since 6am! Sumone cheer me up 
i'M SO FUCKEN DEPRESSED! 
i'm so fucking boooreeeed.   help haha
i'm so fucking sad, but not for thee right reasons? gahh idk 
I'm so full right now 
I'm so full ugh. Why is it sunday evening already? 
I'm so full. I want my bed now, but can't have it right now 
I'm so glad Rania and Meinhart liked the turquoise buddha for a wedding present - they are back in Dusseldorf now. 
I'm so glad there are so many out gay men on A&amp;E's &quot;Obsessed.&quot; I relate to Russ. This is very difficult to watch. 
I'm so glad this day has finally arrived! Last night was Murphy's NIGHTMARE! Life sucked so bad yesterday... 
im so glad to have some followers i dont feel like such a loser  lol
I'm so going to bed now. I need to work tmr. 
I'm so gonna miss band practice today 
I'm so gonna miss Prison Break when it finishes  okies yeah i'm a tv buff lol
i'm so good at spilling coffee to stuff  after the novel, the laptop, now it's the skirt's turn 
i'm so grossed out by food.  
i'm so grumpy today...dunno why 
@johnarobertson unfortunately I'm still in Toronto... just a normal work day 
@johnathancorley The Governator believes &quot;gay marriage should be between a man and a woman.&quot;  #1 on the 40 dumbest celeb quotes. 
@Johnathonhock Hay gurl hay 
@Johnathonhock O.O   Confusion/Sadness is setting in... 
@johnb76 Yes, me too I'm afraid  
@JohnBfromTN Hrm. The closest I can find to &quot;Wicked Voodoo&quot; is &quot;Crimson Voodoo,&quot; made by a NO-based brewrey now offline.  Confirm?
@johnBLG i'm sorry beefie  come back to boston and i'm sure you'll feel better
@johnBLG stay in Florida!!!  LOL Miami never gets anything interesting here!!!! it sucks! 
@johnborthwick suggests we follow his prezi online, but we just tanked his site  7 principles to sustaining the Twitter ecosystem...
@Johnboyy same, but my hopes are low 
@johncabrera I'd love join in on all the #SYTYCD-FDL fun. Alas, we are only at the audition stage here in Oz 
@johncdinco yeahh i've seen em  i pity the girls 
@johncessna I know sometimes that happens.    I &lt;3 CAPS!!
@JohnChow Yes, Internet is slow for me too 
@johnciaga I wish, i felt really shitty all weekend  but It was amazing non the less
@johnclamb that's sad to know 
@JohnCleese No,  My car is on it's last legs 
@JohnCleese unfortunately they've got rid of the first class dining car which was even more civilised 
@johncmayer  http://twitpic.com/3i61e kid dressed as an angel using Jesus' head for a trick-or-treat bag. faded all to fuck 
@johncmayer aww I'm in Cali too bad I could be learning wit u 
@johncmayer aww that's sad 
@johncmayer broken link  what time is it, wherever you are?
@johncmayer hanging...the link doesn't work 
@johncmayer I can't believe I missed your tweet.  
@johncmayer I haven't even gotten one little tweet from you  LOL .... What a girl gotta do ;)
@johncmayer I haven't slept for 2 days  heh could be worse LOL no drugs &amp; no caffeine
@johncmayer i was at a club in vegas tonight but didnt see you 
@johncmayer omg, that made me thinking.. yeah you're right. never mistake attention with affection. 
@johncmayer Robert Pattinson  is ugly and you're hot. There's a difference. Going back to bed Nani woke me up. 
@johncmayer so does regular chilli and apples  and ice cube is there too
@johncmayer so why no summer tour john 
@johncmayer sometimes unhappiness finds YOU! 
@johncmayer that does sound lonely 
@johncmayer that would be great. i have a guitar sittin in my closet that i can't play 
@johncmayer the Georgia Theatre in Athens burned down. 
@johncmayer the link doesn't work 
@johncmayer the link doesn't work anymore 
@johncmayer The only thing I can think of starts with an &quot;mol&quot; and isn't nice at all. 
@johncmayer There was no picture to your link 
@johncmayer when are you touring the UK!! It's not fair 
@johncmayer you gave me an invalid url, you asshole. 
@johncmayer,why so hostile? 
@JohnColby After the emag - I WANT Lucy from West Calder! But she doesn't like other dogs  I could never visit a dogs home....
@johncpiercy Oops; none of those work for me, as I am back at work next week and out of town for weekend 
@johncrook I wanna be there! 
@JohnCT16 no updates yet on Bluff  
@JohnDunningUK  and I feel like there is an utter desperation in its slithering and writhing. Can't explain it any other way.  
@johneepixels7 I will never unfollow you 
@johnfinn @Spotweetup bummer  10 is almost my curfew (yes, i have a curfew as a mum). would say tonight but too late to get a sitter!
@JohnFinn Awww.    I have one follower who seems to like to DM me a lot.
@JohnFrusciante John you may need to hoover the tank you're breathing in there - it looks a bit dirty! Wings dont help underwater sadly 
@johngarcia I think it's too dark for twitpics  we'll try
@johngoldsby Darn, Blue Dahlia You-Tube link doesn't seem to work for me, John. 
@JohnGreenaway Hey, congratulations, you received my first eye roll of the day. Though I concur that my tweet was semantically ambiguous 
@JohnGuise Very true ...or like next weekend have to work Saturday. Only Sunday off! 
@JohnGunders I want Ulead back, it was awesome and it worked. But unfortunately it's only for PC 
@johnhenry20  The LOL part is Tuck Tuckerton there is my analyst. Ok, maybe not so LOL 
@JohnHLynn Now it let me upload a pic, but I don't have one of myself in the PC 
@johninedalangin OA nga eh.  Pero 2M na pera ko! It's for the whole month. Hahaha.
@Johnita08  but if that's what you have to do... I understand
@johnjayandrich Congrats to Rich &amp; His wife for the baby news. Gotta go 2 work. Wish I could listen to you guys but my boss is SATAN 
@JohnJiao awww.    i know what this is referring to.
@johnjohn6817160 that one doesnt sound as fun 
@JohnJorell eraz on mondayy, janna still don't know 
@JohnKremer and 85% of statistics are made up on the spot, too. http://is.gd/rLdg for some real examples 
@johnlacey  aww
@johnlegend Hi john this sara. my friend just told me about missing your call today. I am in tears. I cant believe i didnt pick up!! 
@johnlegend it does not feel very nice here 
@johnlegend missed all your radio appearances, and I'm working tonight not too far from where u'll be hope the wind blows and i hear you 
@johnlegend UGH. if u tweet that one mo' gin I may have to boycott you. Its gonna hurt me tho 
@johnlegend why cant you come to australia? 
@JohnLloydTaylor  @greggarbo right now, you dont know how lucky you are to be friends with JB... i really wish i knew that feeling  
@JohnLloydTaylor  I wish it was australia mate 
@JohnLloydTaylor hahah.  i preordered lines vines and trying times back in april, and it was supposed to b @ my house 2day...but it isnt. 
@johnlloydtaylor http://twitpic.com/5dk5d - Ohh my gosh, i didnt go to the airport  my parents didnt let me, but ill go to the hotel l ...
@JohnLloydTaylor I wish I was there.. 99 more days till I see the show 
@JohnLloydTaylor I'm a great big JB fan, so is @officialnjonas real nick's twitter? please answer me, 
@JohnLloydTaylor I'm sure it's hard.  And that they miss you too.
@JohnLloydTaylor that makes me sad that you haven't even been here in Denver a day and a bum stole your phone I'm sorry 
@JohnLloydTaylor The Philadelphia airport isn't too wonderful. I'm sorry. 
@johnlsheridan at least you are not cycling through it 
@johnmaine i never understand your tweets  im too stupid
@JohnMarsden Fab thanks!. Have an absolute hangover today tho 
@johnmayo offline through choice good, offline through faulty home pc frustrating 
@JohnMcFarlane I'd love to apply myself but cannot relocate atm.  Good luck with the hunt.
@JohnMeholic Me tooooo! 
@JohnMetBetty eyeslipsface.com I haven't really had a chance to try my new stuff b/c my allergies are so bad I can't wear any eye make up 
@johnmetbetty Oh noooo!  I'm so sad to have missed you! Sorry I wasn't there. Let's figure out how to meet soon!
@johnmfinn oh no thats terrible  mine fell under seat of my car and i cant get them back out...its a black day for â‚¬3 foldable sunglasses
@johnmierau Congrats! You lucky person! I want one too 
@JohnMJess haha lol I'll definately have to catch up. I thought it was on Tuesday  ah well
@johnnietolengo I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@johnnnaa I know. I wish I could go! see little baby TC!!! hahaha.  but I can't! 
@JohnNoonan My laptop battery only lasts about half an hour these days 
@Johnny_Exp I wish I could go to the show today! I'm sad. 
@johnny_nine That is horrible, Amy and I are soooooo sorry. 
@johnny_trouble Ive been dealing with roomate CRAP, aside from that, nothing, cleaning ALOT and I will!! I miss abi  How have you been?
@johnny_trouble the accent was full of fail too 
@johnny12ockets dammit!!! i missed out on the legendary night!!  and didnt even go hiking haha double fial
@johnny3rd oh good one. It's flat and has a weird taste. Omg i'm poisoned. 
@Johnnyacop  ! is it early ?
@johnnyappl3seed  
@johnnybeane What happened?! 
@JohnnyCullen I should be revising but I can't  The weather + E3 = no revision 
@johnnycynn haha adina wants to go to thailand  i was like LETS GO TO CALIFORNIA! but she said no.. maybe next yr ill go to cali  
@johnnydavidson noo don't be in a shittyy moodddd 
@JohnnydramaRM... seems like most of mine are outta pity... cuz I'm an unemployed asshat still. 
@JohnnyDurham19 Had the same thing yesterday! Piriton did NOTHING! Felt so abandoned  just keep loads of tissue handy!
@JohnnyDurham19 Hey, I was wondering, can you use Solo, or Maestro on your store? 
@JohnnyGWeir Oh...Poor ì¡°ë‹ˆ  You may feel so hard now...but that makes you strong and perfect, right? Go for it  ì¡°ë‹ˆ! â™¥
@johnnyh0m1c1d3 johnny! workin a lot.  you? im gonna come see you and cik play soon, too!
@johnnyj You and I both brothaaa 
@JohnnyJet  yep, a predicted 14 million fewer   http://bit.ly/v3gyu
@JohnnyJfar OMG! There is gonna be a Toy Story 3! This day just gets better &amp; better, couldn't watch trailer on itouch though  Love Pixar
@JohnnyJonas just my luck. i'm NEVER gonna see her.. ever 
@JohnnyJonas whats wrong 
@johnnylion who took down ur blogs? I dont understand didn't you own that url? 
@johnnymetro was just thinking about it at work tonight. still sorry dude. 
@johnnyminkley Hi Johnny, any idea what the xbox live update is that they are running today? I miss my Gears 2 online 
@johnnyminkley So glad I'm not the only one sitting here fuming at that! Can't believe they actually got a seat 
@johnnyminkley You lucky bugger! 
@JohnnyPhamazing you know i can't say no to that 
@johnnypseudonym That the story of my life 
@JohnnyRayge fucken bitch I wanna go but I work this weekend so bitter 
@johnnyrcooper i wish yall were playing near baytown again soon. i don't think yall are playing again near here for the rest of the year 
@johnnythefuture I am offended for I am not there...and super bummed out about missing my pseudo store lil brother's big day 
@johnnywalnuts I just looked up #LacunaCoil on #Wikipedia and it looks like the new album was released in April! How did I not know that? 
@johnolilly    I feel your pain.
@JohnOng oh dear 
@Johnoo Ah. Thanks. Still need to include non Spotify links in #sotd posts then 
@Johnosea Ugh worst. 
@johnpapa except it doesn't search email body, only subjects 
@JohnPaulAllen though the week, we don't eat until 8 because of the hours preston works. my middle shows it. 
@johnpavlich I'm honored you've asked me, but I doubt I'll be able to find a chunk of time like that to join you anytime soon. 
@JohnPeel haha oh yeah, i thought today was the 8th then!! my bad 
@JohnPeel i dont know how much they could hear, but im hoping they heard enough to earn me some sympathy, i doubt it they have any though 
@JohnPeel the wind is rather brisk, my office is like a rainforest, oh so hot!! its a nightmare getting a bus to town btw dude 
@johnpopham Morning John, yes I do, however I have a diary clash and sadly can't attend! 
@johnpvee made me teary eyed 
@JohnRader I'm feeling so left out! 
@johnremus OMG! it's all messed up  i'm gonna cry LOL
@johnremy sry, @factlets, but I didn't have enough char to say that 
@johnrhopkins they joke about my m'am and sir still, but it's still really fun. I never had a chance to visit but I really want to. 
@johnrich - SO hope they find them soon JR! That sucks big time   Have another cold one and hope there's some good news comin'...
@johnrkd i told you the clothes are shitty...stupid br 
@johnrobison what's the verdict from the ear doctor?? 
@johnsancheznyc i need it too 
@johnsbiggestfan Oh man that sucks  I'm sorry. Hope everyone feels better!
@JohnScottBlack honestly, I can't swim. I can get in the water, and get around, but nothing legit. Which is really pathetic at my age 
@johnsee No  Otherwise Id already have started making work for myself ;) The prick just stole my ICU round while I was in the bathroom!
@johnsomers  I don't see what the hype is.
@johnsonCAB DAMMIT!!! i was cried out! my eyes hurt, stop it!!!   
@johnsonCAB im gonna miss him too!!!  i love u though
@johnsonCAB we will all miss him 
@JohnSTC I'm on the train just coming into Glasgow and observed the same thing! 
@johnstje @RacheLizBrown. Im still in classes  hah. I'm free before 2:30 and and from 3:30-6. Can we fit something in there?
@johnstrong AHHHHHHH! 
@johntanz im working &amp; i wanna be there!!  and my next day off is saturday! sooo we have to kick it next weekend so dont go anywhere! haha
@johntanz wahhh  whoo are you asking? i hope their wrong.
@johntmeche3 really? I had no idea. At least someone came up with a creative use for them. I was afraid they would just sit and rot 
@johntmeche3 the problem is that in the future no one will pay to visit our dead churches  No beautiful cathedrals like Notre Dame in US.
@johnvanham Go on, rub it in will you 
@johnwhitehouse on sci fi hd, yeah 
@johnwhitehouse Sweet, you already have more friends than I do 
@johnwhitehouse Very nice. I'm jealous, soggy bacon baps here 
@johnwinsthegold Ah man just saw you also have a headache  We can be woe-is-us in headache hell!
@johnwinsthegold No the headach is bad today  Had 4 myprodol already - going to take another 2 at 16h00
@Johonoknat that sucks...   I find advanced maths extremely confusing and pointless, even though I know I'll need them... :S
@johpan SHUT YOUR OLD PERSON MOUTH. IT'S MINTDAY. DON'T TELL HER SHE'S OLD. 
@johubris you were so much more mysterious when we all thought you were a vampire 
@JoieElectric Im so sad and depressed that this time last sunday we would've been gatehanging for mcfly and we saw neil i miss him ha 
@joinbillmcmahon Well Bill, I am an expat Kiwi living in the U.K, i work days, partner works nights  and I run my own Marketing Business
@joinrick cool, not a big user of DM though 
@JoinTheBar Only does US numbers 
@JoiseyDani probably not. i have to run around and get everything set for the next 2 weeks i'm gone. 
@jojitsoriano di natuloy  jus had miscarriage
@jojo_jtv awww sont cry  you crying makes others sad
@jojo_jtv im sorry  and yes i know im a huge asshole &gt;.&lt;
@jojo_jtv Yeah, me too... Me too... At some points, it's all we have left... 
@JoJo_sxm save me a cup cause i'm out 
@jojo_the_brat how sad!   cause i could really use a guy right now.  LMAO!  i'll make ya dinner... on... idk yet!  LOL
@jojo71489 ohh  poor jojo--go listen for State and Madison on Q101, it'll make it all better!
@jojobean7 Oh, thunderstorms   be careful on the road, Canadian drivers are crazy (I'm one of them)
@jojobeanss i have no money now  maybe  during the school hols? what are you doing these days!
@jojoconcierge wow U showed up 2nite?! U should have been a fly, Bruce, his kids &amp; ur kids deserve much better! do the right thing.... 
@JOJOISKINGSWAG missed you last night 
@JOJOISKINGSWAG Unfortunately she passed away earlier  She's with God now.
@JoJoLeigh IM SORRY!!  Forgive me for trying to be nice and let you have some sleep before work!!
@jojomad not even coffee helped my brainfade today   an annoying cold doesn't help.  still better than my partner and kids
@jojorara probably humid, too.    you really need to get stationed in CA.  even  when very hot, much more bearable
@jojototh @abduzeedo firefox ok, but opera and IE - footer is not ok 
@jojowiththeflow oh god that's terrible I really feel for her 
@jojowiththeflow Spine problems or..?  In my case, heels would result in a broken bone, rearranged jaw or nose, probably. O_O
@JoJoWright Aww boo  . Whenever he comes to KIIS studios again, you need to mention something, cause I AM THERE. Buh-lee dat.
@JoJoWright lol  is there any way i can listen to you online? im from mexico, so that's the only way 
@jokerrrr It stillllll hasn't arrived 
@jokerstarr yo my neighbour.. yeah i will be spamming... prob by 11... still not finished work yet! 
@Jokoy aw man, i wish i could have gone! too bad i'm on the other side of the continent 
@JoLagerlow  Me too. I'm not at school today, but I've not done any work so far... might go shopping... 'market research' for fashion.
@JoLagerlow It's harder than you think. 
@JolandaN ...Give It Up. I like all of the songs, though. That was the cd I had, but must have sold! 
@joledo Sorry man 
@joleeen my wife had the same problem for ten years - until i realised that 'headache' was her term of endearment for me 
@joleighp its raining here  hows the weather in Charlotte?
@joleneeeee HAHAHA! zhennn deee hor! but I listening t that song lah! the lyrics so touching!!  sniff sniff!
@joleneeeee im at the part you walking up the bridgeee hahahaha!! wo ye xiang ni men 
@Joliebasri buset li pagi2 udh melow..ikut sedih  http://myloc.me/2KPt
@joliebelle did they officially call it quits? I wish the world would leave them alone so they can solve their problems 
@joliechose arf  Oh I just remember:1 day,my granma opens the door &amp; speaks to a guy.Iwantd to go but I stayed in the kitchen.She came...
@joliemartin I did but it didn't come out well. 
@Joliet68 it does seem very silly - the utter gits 
@joliOwave find me a niqqa like yours 
@JoliOwave me too! Damn, and I gotta head to the radio station by 10am 
@JollyAndy hey!  It turns out I have to work tonight   I tried to switch but a co worker decided to have her baby shower tonight
@jollyrainbow if i never score in this exam, sze will take back the purse 
@JoLoPe how am I? well I look like this &gt;  How you doin?
@JoLove13 YES! Sunday nights on E. No Candy Girls  I miss my jo!
@JolynaTan i knoww damn freezing..hate 
@JoMonRowe Thank you girl!!! i know i dont have her # either 
@Jon_Aston Thanks for the retweet &amp; subsequent retweets Jon. I hope to goodness they find her. I think the cops bungled things early on 
@Jon_Campbell88 ripped a pair yesterday haha. no its still not working  sorry
@jon_decastro uh hello, you forget i lack a data plan 
@JON_FandP hope not that much longer... 
@Jon_Favreau big hopes 4 IM2... wolverine sucked and so did watchmen. I need a good comic book movie and soon! Going thru withdrawls 
@Jon_Favreau Can I please, please have an internship?  Pretty please, with sugar on top?
@Jon_Favreau I was watching 'Friends' on DVD with the episodes you were in...too bad things didn't work out between 'Monica' and 'Pete'. 
@jon_gillis I already did 
@jon_hirsch sounds good, I reckon I can be there for 2.45 if you can wait that long? I leave London at 1.21 
@jon_k15 stop talking about it, you!    I come to twitter for happy thoughts during work!
@jon_plus8_TLC I totally agree, sorry 
@Jon_Read Actually its Big Brother next week  #bgt
@jon182x @darrndoyle wish i had a pc now - need to sort out parallels and windows os for my laptop instead of training room - only on PCs 
@Jon2319 BUT I WANT IT, OH HOW I WANT IT  i need to work a corner.
@Jon4Lakers They seriously need to sort it out, been dreadfull this week. 
@Jon4Lakers wish I couldve been in vegas for the championship game 
@jona_thin sorry, must of left a corel install cd somewhere in you room then.. 
@jonaasbrothers I WISSH I WAS THERE 
@Jonaayyy that sucks 
@Jonaayyy wow that sucks 
@Jonah599 Awww....sorry Jonah   *more hugs*  You can adopt my dad if you want!
@JonahStahl awww what happened 
@JonahStahl why ya grounded mann 
@Jonas_Sisters Aww, i went to that one too :L, OMJ, wasn't it AMAZING!! This time last week we were there :L 
@jonas_twilight3 cleaning my room...AGAIN  and listening to music 
@jonas_twilight3 hi!! today was like my last day at schooll  i wanna to leave it, but its hard, isnt it!?
@jonas_twilight3 I am  It's ending soon though. 
@jonas_twilight3 nothing much too  i just wanted a new video card for my comp.....but i just don't know if i'll have money!
@JonasAustralia  i wanted to win! congrats to her anyways
@JonasAustralia I missed jonas  I'll watch the repeat!
@jonasaustralia yea... a friend from school is moving to america forever in the holidays 
@jonasbbzx3 Aww what?  I'm going to bed in a few
@Jonasbrothers  ,  CANADA NOW MISSES YOU TERRIBLY BOYS, COME BACK SOON PLEASE!  , WE ALL LOVE YOU! YOU ROCK, BEST CO-HOSTS EVER! 
@Jonasbrothers  come to Puerto Rico again please, make PR part of the world tour WE LOVE YOUU!!
@Jonasbrothers - Dang, work always gets in the way of these last minute surprises. My 10-yr old daughter was totally bummed! 
@Jonasbrothers - hey thats good  how yas no coming 2 scotland on the tour  lol
@Jonasbrothers ... Then, I found some more and took a pic. Sorta talked to myself. People must think I'm weird. Never got my poster 
@jonasbrothers ; your youtube account got suspended. 
@Jonasbrothers _ ping pong sucks though 
@Jonasbrothers agh! I missed it  oh well, maybe nxt week
@Jonasbrothers all the tickets went wrong &amp; my mum spent 3 days solid trying to sort it all out. =( booked block B but was givern blk 1! 
@Jonasbrothers AMAZING! I wish I was there 
@Jonasbrothers awesome guys!!! come to new zealand 
@Jonasbrothers awesome!. i wish you could do aa show like that here in argentina 
@Jonasbrothers Aww you've left the UK  Come to SCOTLAND. I'm totally upset you're not coming  xx
@Jonasbrothers back in the US  ohhh got ur CD its amazing! Abi x
@Jonasbrothers Brazil is already dying to miss you! 
@Jonasbrothers by any chance could you guys just go to Vancouver before june 29 
@Jonasbrothers come back 2 brazil 
@jonasbrothers COME BACK TO ARGENTINA... i miss u 
@Jonasbrothers come back to chile please 
@Jonasbrothers Damn I wish i had the album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I  want soooo badly &quot;Lines, vines and trying times&quot; Only getting it next week 
@Jonasbrothers Everytime i see the commercial about you guys hosting the MMVA's my heart breaks a little each time.Because i have to work 
@Jonasbrothers friends of mine just meet you today..... I can't wait until it is my turn  
@Jonasbrothers Guys why your channel in youtube dont work? 
@jonasbrothers hahahaha. have fun in london  i wish i could go...
@Jonasbrothers haii guys i love u so much   how cum ur not cumin 2 australia on ur world tour cos now i cnt cum see u guys 
@Jonasbrothers Hey guys! Let my friend Trishy into the AA center!! She drove a ways to see ya and the doors were locked. 
@Jonasbrothers HEY I THOUGHT HONOR SOCITY WAS ON THE WORLD TOUR. EVEN UK DATES?! I HAVE BEEN TOLD NOT 
@Jonasbrothers hey jb..i think you should be coming to monterrey,mx  it's sad you guys changed the date and i wish i could see u tonight
@Jonasbrothers hey Jonas! please play in the Philippines.... please!!! i wish you guys could perform live in Manila, Philippines 
@jonasbrothers Hi guys im a madrid fan Why did u left the concert in that way, without saying goodbye? I waited all the day to see u  bye.
@Jonasbrothers Hiiiii!!!!!!!!! I love the new album!!!!  CONGRATULATION!!! Joe n Kevin I miss u!!!!  when will u come back?????
i needa new pics on my twitter it is soo hard to put one on it sucksss 
i needa stop procrastinating. TIPS ANYONE??! PLEASE, im begging for it. 
I needddd booty massage!!!! The horse back riding fucked me up!!!  (currently soaking n the hot tub but I need a man hands)
i needed to express my feelings 
I needs a job. so much merch I wanna buy but because I can't. 
I needz a shoe&amp;hat&amp;jewelry rack, badly 
i neeed a job 
I neeed a new computer   Everytime I try and upload a new pic it switches off  X.
I NEEEDDDDDD A DISTRACTION FROM ALL THE DRAMA 
i neeeed chocolate 
I neeeed that green shadesss 
I neeeed thyroxine! Not had any for two days now! Forgot to pick up my prescription  Tis a foggy world I am in.
i neeeed to start studying for the LAST in july 
I neeeedddd beeeerrrrr 
i neeeeeeeeeeeeeeed something to doooooooooooo 
I never been on a airplane before 
I never been so bummed like this. Fuck this shit! Is anyone out there for my ass?   
I never been to central park 
i never believed in putting the lid down till today when my cat pushed my keys off the counter into the toilet 
i never found a vest   i am so unprepared
I never found out what the card with the fish on it said....  
i never found the fuel card  i am a bad daughter  i still haven't done my english essay i am a bad student 
I never get any direct messages. 
I never get dressed anymore or get ready anymore water polo makes stop  my hair is a mess haha
I never get invited to go anywhere 
i never got the picture of your tattoo alex 
i never got to sleep  lets hang out 
I Never Gt Paid  Im So Annoyed They Sed It Wud Go In This Weekend   No Muney For CRISPS :L &lt;3 =] x
I never had a Mr Miyagi 
i never knew being burnt could be this painful, i can't wear straps 
I never knew how behind the curve I was on website coding.. fuck fuckitty fuck  I hate it so much. And I don't know shit anymore.
I never knew that Graham Norton was stabbed and nearly died  good old @heatworld has all the gossip lol xx
I never know how to deal with telemarketers.  http://tinyurl.com/otmja4
i never know what to wear 
I NEVER lose my temper or throw things etc but let's just say this everytime I pick up the laptop it's in a dangerous position these days 
I never made &lt;a href=&quot;http://www.apple.com/downloads/dashboard/music/redalarmclock.html&quot;&gt;Red Alarm Clock&lt;/a&gt; work 
i never ment a quy like you before 
I never new my mommy  She abandoned me then mi owner found me in their bin - I was only 1 :l
i never really realised how much i hate maths 
I never saw it with u guys 
I never see @michellestarr 
I never thought falling in love can cause so much pain...  good thing that I'm so over that phase!
I never thought I would say this, but I have decided that Milo Ventimiglia is NOT my favorite actor anymore. 
I never thought I would say this, but I miss the SYTYCD crew 
I never thought I'd drive a woman crazy, but I have. I drover her bat-shit insane. She's hospitalized now because of ME. Not a joke. 
I never thought I'd hate a Jane Austen book. But Mansfield Park is awful. It may be one of the few books I won't bring myself to finish. 
i never thought LL coolJ Could Get Old.....But It is happing 
I never thought that everything wud end this way, you can take a blue sky and turn it grey, I swore to u that i wud do my best to change. 
I NEVER THOUGHT THAT I COULD  HATE SOMBODY, BUT I REALLY HATE YOU ï¿½TOBE D....ï¿½, I ONLY GAVE YOU ALL OF MY LOVE AND YOU  PAY ME SO BAD! 
I never thought that I would be this sad to leave middle school 
I never thought that not having a working Sidekick would be so depressing. It wasn't even my fault 
i never took my nap yesterday. 
I never tweet n e more.  whatz got into me?? bout to make this drive to dallas tonite... maybe in the morning actually.
i never understood the simple fact when people said that they have shit loadsa work, i can feel it now. 
i never understood, you cant have your cake and eat it too, until just now.... 
i never want to get an injection ever again 
I never want to see a can of tuna again as long as I live, or a tomato for that matter. Too bad I see them everyday 
I never want to wake up again.  Its too early to ever wake up. Geebus
i never wanted to be ur ex-besties.I wanted u be my besties 4ever.! polkadot,seriosa,ags,haha. I miss you all.! 
i never wanted to be ur ex-besties.I wanted u be my besties 4ever.! polkadot,seriosa,bdah,haha. I miss you all.! 
i never went  we tried to go on a sunday and it was closed
I never win 
I never win on the radio...all I want is to see Matt Nathanson play Wednesday night  oh well, maybe another time...if there is one...lol
I nevr touchd it 
i nid to know everything about GE, UTI,ASTHMA,BRONCHITIS,FEBRILE FITS,ANOREXIA,PYREXIA,INTERSTINAL OBSTRUCTION.everything abt it! 
I nned a new car.... 
I no feel good  I hate it when I feel like this
i no feel good again  [[his&lt;3]]
I no like Mondays  And I'm sick if it wasn't for Sam I would be home in bed but I can't leave her hanging.
I no like sad things 
I no longer feel like &quot;walking death&quot;... It's more like &quot;crumpled in my chair with my head down on my desk death&quot; now.  
I no longer have a beard! I am beardless! Now my face is cold 
I no longer have a ticket for ny 
I no wanna get up. Hmpf 
I not feel too well today. 
I noticed all the good tweets seem to happen when I'm asleep. 
I noticed that tiredness creeps into my back first. I noticed I can only tell when it's too late to do anything but sleep  How about you?
i now cant lay on my back cos im too burnt. 
i now can't move for fear of upsetting the cat... u guys are useless help btw! i am shocked and saddened 
I now have 24 litres of cabernet sauvignon fermenting on top of my fridge, I'm also in mourning over the dress I lost on ebay 
i now have 34 songs on itunes ( im sad cuz i ran out of $ on my gift card before i could buy taylor swifts song u &quot;you belong with me) 
I now have a  visible floor and a closet that looks like a closet. However everything I own is beginning to look like junk to me. 
I now have a fringe and it looks great, but .... I think I've just committed myself to blow drying my hair every single day 
I now have a new best friend .................. lou 
I now have blisters because of jumping to much 
I now have to get ready for work, as opposed to watching the episodes of BSG s5 I didn't watch last night - how inconvenient 
I now have what will hopefully be a good doctor's appt scheduled for July 9th here in Houston. Cancelled with my NOLA doctor... sad. 
i now know what it feels like to not be liked for being gay. i'd never thought i would. 
I now live 20 minutes from work. As of Monday... that will be 2 hours on a good day! 
I now live in a shell 
I now mourn my right hand.Stupid game  Facebook owns me a right hand!!!!!!
I now realise that when people told me to report and replace my passport I should have listend, now I've missed out on a holiday 
I now understand why you bring friends to parties... wish @robertdeez was here. 
I now want a Crushroom!!!  
I obtained a sunburn 
I offered to help with house cleaning and now I don't hear a word... ok, sounds like midnight-cleaning... and getting up early tomorrow 
i offically dont belong to my family  wtf they talk to much shit
I officially can not show the world how hot luke bryan is through my phone signature! 
I officially feel irrelevant ryt now 
I officially hate facebook 
I officially hate my body. I'm never going to find a swimsuit 
i officially have a cold on the worst week possible to have one. I am not imagining it, bad luck IS attracted to me 
I officially have a stalker in my apartment complex. It's really creeping me out. 
i officially have MILD dementiaaa! everytime @michedmu wakes me up, i complelety lose my mind for at least 45secs. 
I officially have not been asleep in 48 hours. I can't sleep anymore. 
i officily cryed today coz my friend martin is leavvin skl early 
I ols want to be famous 
I once had a betta fish named Henry, I decided to clean his tank... R.I.P Henry, I'm sorry I can't clean a fish tank correctly. 
i only got 19 followers now    its happening again!  im gonna lose all my followers again!  lol
I only got 26 followers were the love at 
I only got one number on the lottery, I had planned how I was going to spend my money too 
i only had 2 hours of sleep  have... to... nap.
i only have 12 followers      unloved..
I only have 14 in the bank as well now 
i only have 2 followers...must be a poor girl really 
I only have 2 more seasons of X-Files to watch 
i only have 26 teeth, oh my god im like a pure hillbilly 
i only have 4 days left of school but it feels like FOREVER and its NEVER going to end....soooooo much to do 
I only have 4 episodes left to watch in the first season of LOST. My Jack is gone  I wonder if they will be taking my Sawyer too!
i only have 4 follwers   
I only have 4 more days of school! Woo hoo! Sad that i'm missin vbs though  Honduras team is leaving this week please keep them &amp; ther ...
I only have 53 songs on my itunes now 
i only have 6 followers 
I only have 6 followers  how do i get more????
i only have 7 followers  I need more followers
I only have new friends 
i only have one follower 
I ONLY HAVE TWO HOUR OF SLEEP, I THINK I LIKE ALIEN LO 
I only have two walking babies left  So, I asked my mom if I could babysit her 4 for the nite. So, now I have them  yayayay. &lt;333333333
I only have your number programmed in my phone so I know when to ignore it 
I only just woke up and i am already bored  James is working, and my buddy's phone is off.. what the hell am i going to do?
I only seem to own black tops wtf 
I only slept for like 3 house from being scared.  wth man. ugh. im super sleepy now though. -_- ima go back to sleep.
i only took one day off and now i'm swamped 
I only work 13 hrs thos week   Runnin' through hell; heaven can wait.
I opened a box and there was another box and i opened that box and there was nothing in it. 
I opened his fb, Oh God! i really wanna be his friend  Kenapa sih gue gabisa kaya yang lain? Yang bisa deket sama dia. What a pity i am!
I opened my mouth that I didn't have a cake on my birthday, now they're going to request people sing to me at dinner.  Nooooo 
i ordered my niece's present fr/ converse in may- i got a confirm email- but no email saying it was not processed. her bday is friday. 
I ordered pizza and its disgusting  the back up chick chick wasn't nice either.. after all day hungry this is such a let down
I ordered pizza and only ate 3 pieces... whats wrong with me today?  Ahhh... must be all that chocolate, red bull and tripple shot coffee.
I over drafted more than I thought  i suck, Icould have bought so much with all the fees I owe.
I over slept and they didnt take me to church with them 
I overcooked my brownies.  
I over-seasoned the potatoes 
i oversleep when i have nightmares 
I overslept  headache
I overslept again... 
I packed poorly for this trip  Gonna head over to the mall and look for a sweatshirt.
I paid twelve whole English pounds 4 a dress ring @ accessorize and a mere 4 wears later it's fallen to bits &amp; scarred me with green! 
i painted my toenails red, and now they kind of look like props for some low budget horror movie 
i panic-ate (is that a word?? lol..) because i was so hungry.. now my tummy hurts..  it was fries btw.. lol..
I pass my exam and really thankgod for that but idk where will I go for shs...my result is ah, so embrassing 
i pass the exam with standard score -.- damn!!! i'm totally stressed right now 
I passed the last 4 Days in Summer just around 300 miles away - and home it is still raining.... 
I passed the PUP entrance exam before but sadly, I wasn't able to took my study there till now.  I want to be part of that university! 
i peep one thing in common 
I people I am saddened as I just learned Facebook found the story of Alex's lemonade stand offensive and have blocked the link 
I perfected making my own play-doh thanks to Judy's secret recipe! but I miss my MH friends I didn't see today. so did Sebastian.  sigh..
I pickd a shitty drink  &quot;you're sheltered sophia&quot; but island root beer sounded good  but darkrumabita craft root beer and housemade
I picked a lovely day to try change my user pic. @twitter pic uploading is broken.  booo
I picked up his hair genes, unfortunately... 
i pigged out twice in one day, so not good. I need a really hard workout now 
I pine for my freedom!  so trapped.
I played my PS3 on the HD TV downstairs today. It was orgasmic  Now I'm torn between this http://bit.ly/GnuZn and this http://bit.ly/R4S1f
I plead temporary insanity for agreeing to a metric century cycling event tomorrow.  
I post my number up online and never get called 
I poured my melted coconut oil into my lap  so now I have used it as a lotion. Micheal says I stink!! Poop on him I smell sexy!
I practiced soo much piano and I still can't get it right 
I pray for the people on flight 447! So sad 
i pray that i 'll be okay. . . 
I pray to be only yours, I pray to be only yours, I know that tou're my only hope... 
I pray to be only yours, I pray to be only yours, I know that you're my only hope... 
I pray to God that those pics that came out are not Miley Cyrus. 
I predict it will stop raining before lunch and then it will start raining again. How am I supposed to ride my bike today? 
I predicted Forza3 would be at e3 and amaze, nice. ODST looks same old, shame. Creed2 set in shite time  but new SW:Tor trailer is all wow
I prefer taking the train home.makes manhatten seem another world.Plus dude is driving too fast.I'm scared 
i pressed refresh, spotted 'nice cup of tea' fanclub, tried to click it. alas, i was too late. 
i pressed something..now i can`t use d AT symbol &amp; when i hit apostrophe..it shows this ` what do i doï¿½ï¿½ ohmy..now the Qmark doesnt work 
I pretty much did miss him  oh well, it's on again at midnight!
I pretty much have a hang over! 
I probably just dreamt the worst possible thing that could happen to me in real life and it was extremely unpleasant. 
I probably shpuld not be drinking lemonade, but it's the only non-lactose drink in the house. somehow we are out of tea 
I probably wasted HALF of my summer sleeping. 
i probably won't be back until much later tonight. 
I proboly will tweet less because of the limited wifi. 
I promise mom..I DID use sunscreen 
I promise not to surf on Adam Lambert as much this week. I gotta start the week right.  No more Adamgazing regardless how adamazing he is.
I promise that I will do everything me to get used to see you in the arms of another 
i promise the sims games are really bad for your computer, uninstalling mine right now  it turns my laptop off for no reason
I promise to never let my insecurities hurt my friends  and I hope only for the same in return
I promised to do the portfolio of an artist. Friend of the family kinda job   Lucky me: ProFolio is going Free. http://tinyurl.com/dmsutr
i pronounce my scream dead today   i cant scream like a girl anymore!!!!!!  haha
i pulled a muscle 
I pulled a muscle in my arm while surfing yesterday and now I'm at San O again but stranded on the beach 
I pulled a thigh muscle somehow and now I'm off to work.... and missing Britt's somewhat graduation party.   
I pulled my hip muscle 
i pulled my shoulder 
I pushed a button. Don't know what it did. Sorry if it killed you 
i put a bold face, i crossed the road, but the doors are closed.. why is it closed? 
I put a flouncy self-important Art Tutor in his place last night. I was very much pleased. Good night overall with @LAMWalker. Drink = 
I put flyers for my art &amp; card sale out on each table in the Bistro at the gym this morning. People didn't take them   They give 10% off
I put lotion on my legs and tried to go to bed. Now my sheets are stuck to my legs and are feeling pretty slimy and I can't fall asleep! 
i put money in the wrong machine in work lol lucky the guy gave the money back  oops
I put my hand under, and it was really hot...  
i put on my BND part duex shirt now i am sooooo sad!  the tour was the best tour fall out boy has every done!
i put on pants that i just washed &amp; i feel very lumpy &amp; fat now  at least i get to play outside in garden for the summer. that should help
I put on shorts today but I may have made a mistake 
i put some M&amp;Ms in the freezer and i 4got about them and now they r frozen. 
i put suncream on my chest in the shape of a smiley face, it didn't work 
I put the wrong number into the vending machine  got gatorade instead of ice tea..
I put too much salt in my eggs 
I put up a good front but I am an absolute wreck over things beyond my control. This is not a fun time beneath my skin. 
i put up a new video but it didnt turn out how i wanted it 
I quit my birthday  stupid ass hole ruined it. anns
I r stuck at work. http://tinyurl.com/mlkjkk
I R Very Bored! Just had chicken soup and now I feel sick 
i ran 1500 metres today.really sucked. got beaten by little kids.epic fail 
I ran into my door the other day (some one locked it) and now there's a crack in it 
I ran into the table yesterday and messed my thigh up! Its bruise and hurts todays 
I ran more today than I have in the last 12 months! 
I ran out of baby banana's to eat 
I ran out of Eclipse mints 
I ran out of marshmallows 
i ran out of stimpacks 
I ran out of Sunshine   On to Crimson and Clover â™« http://blip.fm/~8iobi
I ran out of taquito... 
I ran outta bathroom passes.  maybe mrs. French will be nice today?
I ran over my neighbor's dog today.   I can't even express how awful I feel.  They had to put her down.   I thiink I might have to move 
I raped my own face last night because I didn't shave. Ow. Redness  How the other guy remained unscathed is a mystery.
I rarely get headaches.  have a whopper now.  i think its cuz I moved a bunch of decaying straw bales and am reacting to it.  
I rarely make any sense. Is it endearing at least? Like a baby gurgling nonsense with a smile plastered on its face? Maybe? No?... 
I rather be in bed cuddling w --------------- then be outsidee 
I reaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaally want Sims 3. My best friend was on it all night while I wasn't because my laptop isn't compatible 
I reaaaaaaaaaally need my bf beside me, I really wish he was here 
I reaaaaally don't feel qoood!  I'll be back latter!
I reaaally hate it when these goddamn computer viruses attack your freakin' computer! 
i reaallly dont want susan to win.. #bgt 
i read the news today oh boy.. 
I read the shack, i enjoyed the first couple chapters, then the rest was crap  @stephaniepratt did you ready the twilight series yet ?
I read where kids are bastardizing English?...Nothing new America's been fucking with it for years 
I realise I don't dress my age.  I dress way older. 
I realised at the same time I heard my carrier pigeons back break that this was not going to work. Now I have to walk to the shop 
i realised that the one tonsil that keeps swellin up is cos of a new back tooth having no space, so it fights the rest of my mouth   
I realize every time I give my doggie a bath, we become enemies for the rest of the day. 
I realize I'll have a LONG line to stand in but EVE and I are going to sit down and have a LONG talk in heaven some day. Hate her...  
I realized I wa the cause of all the drama at home! Sadness! That hurts bad! 
I realized I'm NO good at online skating 
I reallllllly dnt want to go back home tomorrow 
i REALLLLLLLY don't want to work tonight. 
I reallllllly wanted Julian Smith to win 
i realllllly don't wanna go today. 
i realllly gots to go to the washhrooom but i have NOOOO CLUE where one is here... ahhhhh !! 
I reallllyy don't wanna go to work, I hope I dun gotta be on the register all day,  http://myloc.me/2NZq
i reallly want that white sundress from topshop its so gorgeous! 
I REALLY  should have gone to the Chiropractor this week . . And today  my neck hurts so bad
I really am not a fan of grocery shopping. Done in record time but lines r long 
I really am sorry... 
I really and desperately want to go home 2 Jamaica I miss it sooo much now im really homesick after 4 years 
I really can not stand up straight.My sun poison is real bad.How am I supposed to walk up the stairs at school?Or do gym class?This blows 
i really can't find the story of beowulf and grendel's final battle in the internet. ( waah. 
I really can't get Frank Sinatra's song out of my head  Been playing n it for 2 days straight! http://bit.ly/ABPp7
I really can't get the story of a man punching a 5 mo. old puppy 30 times in the face out of my mind...   So sad.
I really can't sleep and I'm really hungry 
I really can't sleep well these days.. terlalu banyak beban dan pikiran, mungkin? 
I really can't sleep, I feel kind of anxious. 
i really can't study right now. I NEED MOTIVATION! cause it's tmrw 
i really cant take this. 
i really could just cry after watching jon &amp; kate plus 8 
I really could sleep all day... so damn tired thanks to my low blood pressure 
i really could use my friends 
I really detest flying commercial 
I really didnt like what i had to read on the news today, made me sad    first time i've felt like chocking up as im reading the bully.
I really didn't want to wake up from my nap. 
i really dislike biochemistry. 
i really dislike chain letters 
I really dislike exam time    *sigh*
I really dislike going to sleep upset 
I really dislike trying for formal pictures of my kids! They are super uncooperative! 
I really dislike what The Saturdays have done to Why Me, Why Now on tour! 
I really dnt want them to sell this house 
I really do enjoy stating up late watching soccer, its fun. If only I could watch it on tv 
I really do have a shopping problem  lmao
I really do hope I'm not the only person in my company that voted today... Tut tut tut... 
I really do love Brisbane winters.. today is amazingly gorgeous!! Too bad I'm inside studying 
i really do need sleep seeing as i can't spell right now ahhh.  * @AndrewAesthetic my thoughts exactly 
I REALLY DO NOT LIKE THIS ROGER. Adam Pascal plz &amp; ty 
I really do not like thunder and lightning 
I really do not want 5:00 to come. I am not going to be able to hold myself together 
I really do not want to do math homework.... 
i really do not want to go out in this weather.. 
i really do think i have diabetes. i want to go get checked... 
I really do wanna go to sleep... But I can't 
I really do want to go to sleep, but I can't stop playing WoW.  FML.
I really do want to revise this week! Someone make me do it!! 
I really don;t need to be awake at 2:30 
I really dont feel good 
i really don't feel like playing tennis right now but i have to 
i really don't feel like washin my hair a the moment but i have to 
I really dont feel like washing my Jeep this week 
i really don't feel like working 
I really don't feel well today... 
i really don't give a bum anymore 
I really don't give myself enough credit. In other news, ultra sound on my throat today. We'll see what they can do for me. 
i really dont kno how to deal wid m dad.. give me ur hands Jesus 
I really don't know any more. I really don't.  off to work!
i really dont know if all this stuff will fit in the car. this worries me. srsly. 
I really don't know what I'm going to do without my kitties.... 
i really don't know who i'm going for in #masterchef...i don't want to see eiither of them go 
i really dont know why i get my hopes up 
i really don't like coffee but i had to have one today, soooo tired  @ work
I really don't like how I can't sleep past 8 am anymore.... 
I really don't like mornings...I don't feel so well 
I really don't like my phone right now. I can't get get text messages. 
I really don't like o2 network at the moment 
I really don't like the new ReachOut site. I always have to make a new password when I already know it!! 
i really don't wanna do this essay either  5000 words by thursday and i haven't started. sigh
I really don't wanna go home at all :/ i'm gonna miss katey sammy and elena so much..... Argh  i'll be crying in a minute LOL
I really don't wanna go out 
I really don't wanna go sleep but there's nothin else to do that's fun!  I'm goin to sleep 
I really don't wanna go to English  bein recorded.
i really don't wanna go to school tmrw  but only 2 more weeks  i cant wait for summer!!!
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow 
I really dont wanna go to work tomorrow  loving the fact la la sparkes is on here now
I really don't wanna have to get up at 630am 
i really don't want @bryanBLG to leave 
I really don't want kristin after that, no lauren on the hills just won't be the same 
I really don't want the Cav's  to lose 
I really don't want to be at work today! 
i really don't want to be in singapore right now. seven days to terms.... 
I really don't want to be unemployed. 
I really don't want to be up for practice right now 
I really dont want to clean CBC today, I want to sleep! ahhhhhh 
I really don't want to cut fruit from 6:00-2:30. Fuck my life. I'm so taking a nap when I get home. Yeah right I never take a nap anymore 
I really don't want to do assignments, but I have to... 
I really don't want to drive myself anywhere for a while... 
I really don't want to get out of bed 
I really don't want to get outta bed 
I really don't want to get sick NOW .. 
i really don't want to get up at 7am for work tomorrow 
I really don't want to go to bed alone tonight 
I really dont want to go to my cuz grad but its a huge deal for her.&amp; it really sucks that my man is canceling now. great 2hr ride alone 
i really don't want to go to school tomorow but i have an exam on wed 
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow. Can't believe it's the enfof half term already 
I really don't want to go to school. 
i really don't want to go to the eisteddfod concert tonight, it would be ok if i didnt have to wear the dumb band uniform 
I really don't want to go to the gym today.  
I really don't want to go to work today 
i really don't want to go to work..i hate monday! 
I really dont want to have another nightmare tonight 
I really don't want to head to the Purolator Depo 
I really dont want to leave. I dont. 
I really don't want to move 
I really don't want to pay more for my internet, but I am going to have to 
i really dont want to pay my cellphone bill 
I'm so happy that Federer won the french open!! He deserved to win it, I'm still gutted for Nadal though  Wimbledon in 2 weeks!! YAY
I'm so happy with some Chicken Paprikash... I wish i had dumplings. 
Im so hating the rain!!! 
I'm so high..dont wanna come downnnnn -luvvv this trey songz joint woulda been my summer anthem if we had a summer 
I'm so hot  this makes me feel so uncomfortable!
I'm so hungover today  after partying for Kendra's bachelorette party.
I'm so hungover!!!!!!!!!!!! I went to Burger King for a Whopper &amp; they don't start serving lunch until 11  I'm now back in bed, hungry.
Im so hungover,it is horrible  bad times!!!
I'm so hungry  I should go ride my bike tho.
Im so hungry already and I still have an hour till I can eat. 
I'm so hungry for foods I don't have! 
i'm so hungry right now 
Im so hungry Sitting N this long drawn out meeting 
im so hungry there is nothing to eat at my cousins house 
Im so hungry! NO groceries and NO WALLET and NO CASH ON ME! 
im so hungry! there's no food at home 
I'm so hungry....  not driving sucks.
I'm so huuungry! Dx Someone feed meee. 
I'm so huuungryyy  the people around me can hear my tummy growl and its embarassiiiinng D:
Im so ill  my first exam is on monday and i havnt been able to revise for it and now the stress of tht ismaking me more ill
im so in love with Rick Ross album bt right now im jammin Ciara - wanna ham sandwhich to kill this pain im feeling - 
I'm so in the mood for kink, but she's kinda tired.  
I'm so jealous @erine04 is staring right at my boyfriend right now!! the square 
im so jealous i wanna go to NYC too!! 
im so jealous of megan fox!!! shes soo pretty!!! 
I'm so jealous that my mom got a palm pre 
I'm so jealous. I could be seeing The Killers live tonight  But I'm not going. Darn!
I'm so jealous. I missed the last TBM show, and i know my friends are all out having a blast. I'm so homesick. 
I'm so jelouse of the people of los angles they get to have charlie in they're city,  I would freak if he was comming her
i'm so knocked out from yest./last n8  BBQ &amp; rain are not good friends,but there's alw. a away 2 find a comprom.  now 2 work? wth? 
im so lazy, i seriously cant study anymore! first school exams and then THIISSS! what am i ?? helloo i need some time to breathe 
I'm so lazy.. must have picked it up from someone *looks at that certain someone suspiciously* ehem. Also because of being sick for long 
Im so lonely 
I'm so lonely 
I'm so lonely in here...being sick...sucks butt 
im so lookin forward to summer especially because of the weather we've got in wales  jus wish i live in cyprus like i did b4 xXx
I'm so lost without my laptop. And no break again for me today. Made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today 
I'm so low right now, I could really do with something happening in my life fairly soon 
i'm so mad -.- how did we lose this game? ah! i really hope we win the home games! grrrr..  oh well better luck next time!
im so mad .i cant believe i missed the livechat  now i have to wait until june 4th
I'm so mad at @Tyrese4Real wtf is the autotune for...This nigga is like one of the only REAL singers left...So disappointed 
I'm SO mad at Macy's! They used to have an &quot;On-Call&quot; Assoc. position until they got rid of it. Now, they're bringing it back!  WTF??! 
im SO mad at myself right now!!!!!!! grrrr!!! u idiot janelle, U IDIOT!!!! gosh! 
im so mad i didnt get to go the pride festival this weekend!!!  
i'm so mad i have to go to softball at 9:20  
Im so mad that I havent had a picture all day  FORREAL
i'm so mad that im going to be missing the maine tomorrow because it takes all effing day to fly to florida 
i'm so mad that i'm train to wake up for 5:45 am. it's still the weekend.  oh well. imma think about last nite. it was the BEST ever! &lt;3
I'm so mad. I totally forgot all about the CMT awards. 
I'm so mad.. Grrr... I checked the airplane ticket earlyer today and when I checked it just know is 100 dollars more..  grrr
I'm so mean  poor boys
I'm so nervous about my guitar exam tomorrow.  &amp;I can't believe I got sucked into Twitter-world! Ofc, I pulled @Banaalne into it too 
Im so nervous about the flight tomorrow.. God please make me feel safe 
I'm so nervous for all of the brave protesters in Tehran right now. My heart is so there.  #IranElection
I'm so nervous to drive back home today..i don't want to get lost again. 
I'm so new to facebook  I'm getting so confused with everything.
im so not feeling good today, my stomach has this terrible cramp in themiddle of it that is just puttin me in horrific pain 
I'm so not feeling it today 
I'm so not feeling well! 
I'm so not having a good day...when all else fails so does the dryer with a load of wet towels 
I'm so not looking forward to seeing him tomorrow  must stay strong Charece, must stay strong.
I'm so not ready to leave spain 
im so not ready. 
i'm so not tired and really hate to be in that fucking closet here... get me anywhere else 
I'm so off tomorrow but...not really b/c I have to run errends and be at rehearsal 
I'm SO over all the bitching going on at school atm   I hate it when they do that...... Hoping things will sort themselves out tomorrow
i'm so over facebook! my shoulders are burnt 
I'm so over this rain already, but unfortunately hurricane season has just begun! 
im so over tired that i can't sleep 
Im so overload with my subjects. My Monday Wednesday Friday sched has 7 subjects from morning to afternoon until in 8:30 in the evening. 
im so overwhelmed  pls help me
im so paranoid. oh godddd. i need to sleep and i cant 
I'm so pathetically addicted to Home Shopping. Not so much QVC. I could literally watch this all day. Wow, that's sad... 
Im so pissed off right now 
I'm so pissed off right now I 'm being made to go and spend a month in Pittsburgh  WTF I had a plan to just stay for 1 week .
I'm so pissed off! 
im so pissed off. i HATE guys ur all fucking jerks  u lie to get in our hearts then yank it out and crush it. :/
im so pissed right now.. wtf?? 
im so pissed there is no open mic night 2night and i don't know y  there was just a bunch of kids there in dancing suits grrrrrrrrrrrr!!
I'm so pissed!! I might be able to repair this but I seriously doubt it. I LOVED that swimsuit. And now I need to get another for Tops'l! 
I'm so pissed!! I was looking 4ward 2seeing @MsTeenaMarie ...not Al B. Sure    No disrespect to Al B...but she's on a whole other level!!
IM SO PISSED, I MEANT TO SAY ONE TREE HILL IS NOTTTTT ON 
I'm so poor. I have a Lvl 62 DK and he doesn't make enough gold. I only have 20G but at my lvl I should be above 150G. 
I'm so proud of myself I worked out when I got home from work, only now I'm wired and cant get sleepy 
I'm so ready for a break from IB. But, guess what?, summer work. Yay! At least its only for Bio II, ITGS, Engilsh, &amp; French. 
I'm so ready for this day to be over 
I'm so ready to come back home to Florida  Meh!
Im so ready to get some sleep! This little girl just wont let me sleep! 
Im so ready to go home already...i miss my animals  
i'm so running my suck in chat 
I'm so sad  *Depressed* Mom had a seizure :[[
I'm so sad  i just can't resist anymore. I'm go to the school haha. Find my friends,Thais and Mandy i love you!!! xoxo
i'm so sad about being unable to get on HER. 
I'm so sad about it 
im so sad about jon n kate. Those poor kids 
I'm so sad about the Air France Jet crash. It's crazy, the plane just disappeared. Poor travelers...  http://is.gd/LKkT
Im so sad all three of the girls moved out Of the mansion   they were so good fer hef. Now he has three ugly chicks
i'm so sad and don't know why 
I'm so sad and lonely, but who cares that? We just care about ourselves, not other ones!  Well, this is my 500 update! ;)
i'm so sad for rob p!! it's a shame!! celebrities are just people! 
Im so sad i cant give Plasma nd that means no extra $55 a week 
im so sad i had this dance audition today but i didnt get it! 
I'm so sad I have no money to buy the Sims 3 next friday 
I'm so sad i have no one else to tell but this stupid thing. But i'm fine i'm fine i'm fine! Little one leaves today so i'm not fine 
I'M SO SAD I JUS BROKE UP WITH MY BF TAYLOR          
Im so sad i lost my ipod 
Im so sad im at work @serenduckity 
I'm SO sad I'm going to miss MICHAEL JACKSON in London! 
I'm so sad I'm leaving FL 
I'm so sad I'm missing the Pearl Market yet again.   I may venture out later to the North Market.  Maybe.
I'm so sad it's Sunday 
im so sad my goldfish died 
Im so sad right now.. I am crying 
I'm so sad that @boutiqueflair is shutting down Beautiful!Fabulous!  But, I guess things come to an end at some point...
im so sad that jon and kate gosselin are getting divorced  i read jon wants to move to NY..i wonder what theyre gonna do about the kids...
I'm so sad that kourtney kardashian wears fake extensions..i thought her hair was just long and beautiful 
I'm so sad that my friend Tattoo Tony gave up on Twitter already      He sucks!!!
Im so sad the day is over  i wish that weddings lasted for one week lol
i'm so sad the 'The Blow' are no longer 
im so sad tht i couldnt see PPP 
I'm so sad to hear about Jon &amp; Kate's divorce...I mean what's gonna happen to their 8 kids? That's gonna be a sucky custody battle 
I'm so sad to officially hear  that jon and kate have separated  I can't concentrate on finishin my work! Ugh... :*-(
I'm so sad today, I don't know the reason ... miss my cousin  
I'm so sad We The Kings isn't going to my Warped Tour. This sucks.. and means I have to wait till fall to see them! 
im so sad what on earth am i going to do tommorow with no college i know its sad but im gonna miss Mr preston and neil lol 
I'm so sad! Crying a lot! 
i'm so sad! Pa wont let me watch the mu match because there's no girls going! 
I'm so sad, really really sad 
Im so sad. I hope that da decision that i just made is The correct one. 
I'm so sad. My best friend got hit by a car. 
Im so sad.....Rip Sony Cybershot...you will be missed!! 
i'm so sad....some mean peoples robbed me for my lunch moneys last night. anyone wanna volunteer to buy me lunch today? 
I'm so sad...i found out my dad is on life support 
I'm so sad..sorry Elli..I Don't want it but..IDK 
im so scared im gonna loose something i value. 
im so scared of hairdressers.....they have so much power..... 
I'm so shaken, I can't think straight and I'm worried, hell worried 
I'm so sick  ... but that's not the reason I'm at the hospital
Im so sick  hope its not swine flu its going around my moms office
I'm so sick . I have to stay in bed 
im so sick and tired of believing that i cant. 
I'm so sick and tired of my own lame life. 
Im so sick of bein lonely 
I'm so sick of being sick! I don't want to miss another summer 
i'm so sick of chicago weather! it's june and this weather is CRAZY! i wish i lived in CALIFORNIA! 
I'm so sick of errands and running around crazy all day long. I messed up our date. @zombeat 
I'm so sick of not sleeping through the night. And I got a good 2 more months of this! 
im so sick of school... im so sick of subjects.. im so sick of everything..  i want my summer break NOW -_- 
I'm so sick of studying 
I'm so sick!  somebody bring me some chicken soup
im so sick, i can't even walk properly. 
im so sick. ive lost 10 pounds. :/ IM STARVING. gosh, my stomach hurts. 
i'm so sick. someone bring me soup 
im so sick...someone bring me soup 
I'm so sleeeeeeeeepy, but gotta get up for my dentist appointment 
I'm so sleep deprived but it's to hot to sleep. 
I'm so sleepppyyy gonna have a nap in the car. Its times like these where I really appreciate my own bed at home 
Im so sleepy  I hate being so tired.
I'm so sleepy  I miss my bed.
im so sleepy ...  my first off after my study break.. and i really need to sleep. but i also wanna go to work. cant make up my mind 
I'm so sleepy :| and its so cold, where's my summer 
I'm so sleepy and I have a pounding headache, don't want to get up  zomg first exam tomorrow eeek D:
I'm so sleepy and I'm stuck at work till 9 
IM so sleepy, just slept!!! It's not right! I should sleep later!  Noes... Also, I'm home from work!
I'm so sleepy. My eyes are about to close and the classroom is freezing.  I wanna go home and sleep!
I'm so sleepy.. but I'm afraid to turn the lights off  hate insects!!  Die creepers!
i'm so so so behind on twitter thanks to summer ministries  sad times!
I'm so so tired...don't think I'm gonna make it thru the night 
im so sore from yesterday, holy shit. i did something to my foot, i have to like limp almost 
I'm so sore today! it sucks 
I'm so sore, but all I can think about is going back to the gym.  ON IT!
i'm so sore, law out a bit longer than expected and had a really vivid dream that i was in borders and not at wee jeanie's flat. Fuck me! 
I'm so sorry @jillianLyndsie  I FREAKING LOVE YOU&lt;33 and that makes it allll betterrr =]
I'M SO SORRY B.W., I LOVE YOU 
i'm so sorry dear i can't reply ur message, i'll tell you wht happened asap, sorry 
im so sorry guys..its uploading..its just taking ohh soo long  im gonna cry! i really want all if you to see it!!
Im so sorry Jeffree  I hope you get better &lt;3!
I'm so sorry Nicole, it was an emergency 
I'm so sorry sinuses I never meant to fuck wid chu  I can't move my head without sneezing / dying
im so sorry toby. 
I'm so stressed out about deadline I'm missing for more than two weeks, that I can't work or think or do anything 
im so stressed out.  will anything get any better *sigh*
I'm so stressing out!!... this Oliver! script  is sooo hard to learn  x
I'm SO stuffed.. One hour left of work and then a million things to do today 
I'm so STUPID !! argh I wish it could change 
im so stupid why did i come in here 
I'm so suckish at astroblasters now i got 194K 
Im so sweepy. . . Thank godness for Oasis tomorrow. . .  BUT still must wake up at 6 
i'm so thirsty but i have no cash. 
i'm so thirsty! theres nothing to drink in this house  x
I'm so tired  , who wants to talk?? hellossoolciz-@live.com.ar ;)
im so tired  and i can't walk in this stupid city by myself after dark without my dog. im so mad. no apartments. i'm so mad at this guy.
I'm so tired  and of course he doesn't cheer me up. Horrible
I'm so tired  but no toothache today. I want my love here with me
i'm so tired  but the little love of my life is wide awake and asking me to rub his head/arm kuz it 'makes all stuff feel better, mommy'.
i'm so tired  gosh these 8am starts are not good
Im so tired &gt;.&lt; And Picture wont fit 
I'm so Tired ... 
I'm so tired an have a super busy day!!!!! 
im so tired and drinking office coffee.... just not the same  But i'm going to make it a great day!
im so tired and I got a full day again..... 
I'm so tired atm got 2 live briefs on. One of them is to win an iphone and the other is to get a work placement next year 
Im so tired but cant fall asleep!  so retarted!
I'm so tired but I can't fall asleep  Watching Peggy Sue Got Married...and most of my instant queue on Netflix :/
I'M SO TIRED BUT I CAN'T SLEEP WTF 
im so tired but i dont want to slepp my eyes hurt my lips are chaped my nose is stuffy and i want cool whip 
I'm so tired but I have about five pages left 
I'm so tired but I really want to play Red Faction. 
I'm so tired for no reason (other than going to bed late and sleeping in lately)... it makes me angry... 
I'm so tired from biking.... Food coma kicking in! 
i'm so tired from four hours of sleep last night and i have to be up at 5:30 tomorrow to drive to S.A. to see my grandma in the hospital 
Im so tired half yearly exams next week 
i'm so tired i completely forgot mcfly were on t4 this morning!! oops!! we don't have +1 in this hotel either 
I'm so tired I could cry. So much for Artomatic outing tonight - I'll be lucky if I don't fall asleep at my desk. 
i'm so tired i'm so tired i'm so tired i'm so tired. 7am now talking to joyi! She's coming back already  and im gonna go school now  bye
I'm so tired of everything. Really, everything. And the 12th grade graduation party was beautiful, sad that they're leaving. 
im so tired of high school! graduation is so close but so far away 
I'm so tired of not being able to talk. 
I'm so tired of the homework really really tired 
I'm so tired so tired so tired so tired god I wish this were a three day weekend 
I'm so tired that I'm going to bed at 10pm  FWIW, I did get up at 6 this morning.
im so tired today   rainy day in Korea. I haaate moist air, but love rainy dayã†€
im so tired today , wanna sleep byebye 
I'm so tired today I could just sleep. Doesn't help thinking that when ur at work and there are things to do 
Im so tired!  dont want to go to school!
Im so tired!  ugh!! So tired didnt sleep at all
I'm so tired!! 
I'm so tired!!! 
Im so tired!!!! :O ...... and i feel so lonley!!    buuaaaa!! 
im so tired!!!! water polo is hard 
I'm so tired, but 2,5 more hours seminar and then 3 hours to drive back home!  Looking so forward to hug my bed!
I'm so tired, but i don't wanna go sleep 
Im so tired, getting ready then off to school. 
I'm so tired, had a ten hour train ride 
i'm so tired, had to get up early 
I'm so tired, have to get up and go in to school during holidays for the 3rd time  xxx
i'm so tired, i had an exam today and now i'm going to a wedding party (in this situation) ad i'm so mad about Khamenei's speech 
I'm so tired.  I have no energy.  
I'm so tired.  This isn't fun anymore. Ha.
I'm so tired. 2 more hours......  what's crack-a-snappin tonight?
I'm SO tired. And i want candy. But i'm not allowed to eat candy 
I'm so tired. At least my family thing roxors &lt;3 my uncle and aunt and cousins. miss chris more than ever 
i'm so tired. i def need vacations 
Im so tired. I hate when i randomly wake up and cant go back to bed 
Im so tired. I just wanna go home lol 
I'm so tired. I just want one night where I don't wake up 85 times. 
I'm so tired. I only work three days this next week.. So much for having money. 
im so tired. i sat on the couch at 6:45 and decided to until 7. its 6:56 
i'm so tired. i stayed up until 3 last night 
I'm so tired. I want to go home and go to sleep 
i'm so tired. i've been out all day  and NOW i've gotta fill out my volunteer forms so i can hopefully start at the hospital. grawr.
I'm so tired. This class is such a drag.  Ugh, and math.
i'm so tired. work was stressful. i injured a customer. i didnt talk to @heykari all day. ugh. and now i'm going to sleep. work at 9 am. 
I'm so tired.. Just want to go to bed 
I'm so tired...  but it's not the time to sleep !
i'm so tired....     
Im So Tired.... Not Feeling Well 
I'm so tired..for hard work.. 
im so tiredd. OMG I have to get a ultra sound 
I'm so tireeeeeeeeed! jajaja. My feet! 
im so titeeee! im at skool, but i cant see twitpics  im sure @dawnrichard looks beautiful =D
I'm so torn between the bold, my 8330 &amp; the 8900 
im so twitter illiterate!!  hopeless 
Im so Ugh. I can't find this persons house  her phone died so im fkd
im so uppset why do i always have 2 fall for the boys i cant have??? met him yesterday  this sucks
im so upset  i want to videotape me on my stripper pole and my webcam isnt working?!? like that photobooth thing wont open..who has a mac?
im so upset about the britains got talent tour  wish i could have gone
im so upset i keep going into my room sitting on my bed and crying my eyes out ! i really was looking forward to nationals 
im so upset that the 5th version of percy jackson comes out late in india... 
I'm so upset this didn't work out in my favor 
im so upset with myself. i could have missed seeing fam i dont see very often cause i forgot to open my myspace messege 
I'm so upset. I took a benadryl an hour ago and it has yet to kick in. 
I'm so upset. My sim just died... After all we've been through! 
im so very bored... 
im so very sad my parents wont let me go to a David Cook concert 
i'm so very sleepy today and have a sore throat. I really hope I am not getting sick 
i'm so wishing i had been in portland to join the naked bike ride! 
Im so worried 
I'm so worried 
I'm so worried :s  :|
I'm so worried about Elliott's surgery coming up on the 17th. 
i'm so worried about money now. it's really panicking me. i will also be below target in my savings by $200 because of the days off! 
i'm so worried for Rob! GOSH! 
im so worried if i he's not gna like my suprise. ain't nothing compared to the big moolahs he spent on me 
I'm so worried, my female cat hasn't come home in 4 days... She has NEVER done that. I think my kitty passed away  *cries*
I'm so worry about money at the moment, more than usual. 
im SOMASOCHIST. Loveuguys, .... n it's not personal, IM THE IDIOT 
Im soo bored i wanna go into town and have a sleepova but every1 is &quot;busy&quot; 
Im soo bored now  x
I'm soo bored, I need something to do. 
I'm soo bored. eww  Wanna party with me? xdd
I'm soo comfy I don't wanna get up 
i'm soo confused.. why are you treating me like a bad thing you can recycle? 
I'm soo fucking sore ughhh  soo fucking worth it though.
im soo hungry...but i can't eat... 
i'm soo jealous of rove meeting pink!  my life sucks without pink in it
I'm soo mad I can't get merried yet all thiss ppl that get merried whit there one nigth stands have all rigths why not us ! 
I'm soo oober lucky to have good friends 7 whole weeks without them 
im soo pissed cause of this stupid ass who keeps nagging me :| i cant sleep  but i`ll try to. ugggh. bye again
I'm soo sad! Rafa is out. Soderling defeated Nadal 
im soo short 
Im soo soo Sick !! Ate pizza it didnt amke me any better so 
im soo sore right now.    
Im soo tired and idk y , i slep since i came hime from school  gonna go get a shower now brb
I'm soo tired but I can't sleep  I wish I was a model so I don't have to go to school.. Or a tennis player. Whichever.
I'm soo tired wish i was laying in my yard and not sitting in class 
I'm soo tired yet I can't sleep... someone help!!! 
im soo tired! and im alone today.. 
I'm soo tired, but I can't sleep. 
im soo tired. didnt go to bed until about 11 and got woken up at 7.30  bad times!
im soo tireddd &amp; my stomach's acting upp 
I'm soo tiredddddddddddddddddddd. This week has been hectic... I need a lazy day 
Im soo tried!!!  and i hate stupid science surveys.... So i dont do them and nap instead! Lol
im sooo bored ... start 5th year on monday 
im sooo bored no one will come over and play with me 
IM SOOO BORED!!!!    WHAT IS THE POINT IN BANK HOLIDAYS WHEN THERES NOTHING TO DO???    i need cheering up 
I'm sooo bored,, English has to be the worse today..! Not feeling so good too  x
I'm sooo bored. Please come hang out with me at work 
im sooo cold  got nice hot cup of tea before i have to go blow dry my hairrr
I'm sooo confused! Isn't marriage supposed to be a positive thing? He's so mean and bossy! I really wish I had my friends here.  
im sooo down... i've never felt so unwanted in my life... everyone is trying to get rid of me 
I'm sooo drained  in the nursery.
i'm sooo glad that this week is a short one. still exhausted all the time. 
i'm sooo goign swimming.  ugh im so borrred. 
I'm sooo hot- hard work cooking pancakes &amp; I've burnt the end of one of my fingers, plus slight sunburn. 
I'm sooo jealous right now  I hate it.
Im sooo mad cuz we was gonna go to da park and have a cook out and now it looks like rain...     
I'm sooo mad I missed the Grand Opening party @ Annex!  (that was the highlight of my day grrr)
Im sooo nervous to take the regents 
I'm sooo not feeling good this morning  ..... &amp; I miss my breakfast smoothie
Im sooo old. I hurt my stomach there when I sneezed 
I'm sooo pissed at Dallas, she just chewed the binding on my Bible 
Im sooo sad right now!!I didnt do what I was suppose to do today, and most importantly I lost my phone   
im sooo sad right now... my closest work friend had his last day today.   i hugged him for 10 minutes straight tryin not to cry.
im sooo shocked about misawa's death...he is the legend of Japanese wrestling... #misawa #wrestling 
I'm sooo sleepy but it's early!!! I'm still on East Coast time 
im sooo sleepy i wanna go home and its only tuesday 
im sooo sleepy.. went to sleep at sunrise and woke up at 11 
Im sooo sorry u guys  No money n neither does my mum  I stilll o her some too!
Im sooo tired  I want to sleep now. It needs to be 11 so i can get out of school and nap!
Im sooo tired today!! Gym killed me, but I loved every minute of it lol He's been on my mind all day and I miss my Mr. Amazing 
I'm sooo tired, stayed up late with my sick baby 
I'm sooo tired. Body is crashing. I'm stay at home and just sleep it out. Gunna miss the college movie festival 
I'm sooo tired..It's..11:33pm but I don't want to go to bed incase Krissy comes on.. 
I'm sooo upset.   I have to make a decision about university without any knowledge. It's far too risky.
im sooo warm and im sitting in my room.. this isnt right 
I'm soooo booored without xbox 
IM SOOOO BORED WHERE ARE MY GIRLS ? OH YEAH WORK  I NEED COMPANY WHO WANTS TO COME OVER ? ......AND HELP ME CLEAN
I'm soooo bored. just fuckin got a new phone and called my man but hes busy and one else bored??? 
im soooo bored..... nothing to do in carson  &lt;3 angie
im soooo cold right now 
I'm soooo exnd sooo not looking forward to tomorrows SAT 
im soooo freekin sleepy!! ick its hot...and there was a train accident...geeeesh be careful guys 
i'm soooo hungry  god damned
im soooo hungry  someone bring me food please!!
I'm soooo hungry, but it's toooo late to eat anything.  Gotta suck it up 
im soooo loney 
I'm soooo not going to be able to sleep now 
Im soooo sad i cant see the ellen show any more 
im soooo sad!! i hate this feeling!! 
i'm soooo sad!!!!!! @therealsuri got suspended!! that was the best account on twitter   
I'm soooo shleeeeeeeeeepy 
I'm soooo tired ... but Ii have to write the test of business finances .... 
Im soooo tired but have soooooo much work to do 
I'm soooo tired i only slept like 3 hours and then my dog made me get up now i cant go back to sleep 
I'm soooo tired now  At least I got to see my best friend today at her workplace! @meellow the wrap tasted okay. there was no sauce in it
im soooo tired today  i need to think of something to do...
I'd love Aidan Davis to win Britain's Got Talent. Hollie looks as though she did well; missed her performance though  BGT
i'd love it if anarmy had more orders for me to complete. trying to get enough points for the bracelet 
I'd love to @margo_brandi. But my car's in the shop 
I'd love to be on an island in Thailand about now. But it ain't on the cards 
I'd LOVE to make my own board IF I could afford too.  As I'm without one now. ECO friendly! http://www.greenlightsurfsupply.com/
I'd love to see Miley Cyrus in concert this November, but the tickets are like 80 bucks and I don't have a job  lol.
I'd love to visit France again...it's been a while! 
I'd own a car if it made sense. It doesn't on any level - cost, maintenance, need. I still want one though 
i'd pay money to not have to be at work right now. still feeling like poo and wishing i was home in bed. 
I'd pik random peeps (deserving ones, and buy them new homes) send my nephew 2 rehab (it costs in Canada)  GET A MAKEOVER lol, of course &gt;
I'd prolly be in Bombay for half a day next Sunday.. how I wish I could stay and meet everyone 
I'd ran out of homemade vanilla extract, so I resorted to buying some its so weak in comparison 
i'd rather be in it. but auditions had to be so late. 
I'd rather be in London with the fabam  Saturday, PLEASE go away!
i'd rather be sleeping,than crying all night long.. God,no nightmare,please! 
I'd rather have boring yoga everyday than stay here. I'm alone again 
i'd rather just be alone, if i know that i can't have you 
i'd rather play animal crossing 
id rather something else though 
i'd rather spend my saturday evening reading Blink by Malcolm Gladwell. This honestly sucks! 
I'd rather stay awake, and stop dreamin...   
I'd really like the weather to cheer up, far too grim at the moment! 
I'd really like to be enjoying the cool weather on the deck but I'm feeling so itchy.    Benadryl?  Will mean early sleepies.
I'd really like to go home now 
I'd really like to know why the &quot;remember me&quot; box on here doesn't seem to work? It NEVER remembers me! 
I'd really like to say I'm not listening to NIN right now. But I'd be lying  Nine Inch Nails - Into the Void #musicmonday
I'd respond, if I were going 
id this like msn?? just in a crappy way of showing it though? 
Id wait forever but then id probably be waisting my time 
I'd would rather work late than imbrace the cold outside. Wind + Rain = 
IDEA: @chaitee It's my new business idea. Spandex for fatties. I have too many business ideas  http://tr.im/ja8E
Idgaf. This fire burning on the dancefloor song is my theme song for summer. Having dance withdrawalsss. i haven't got down since audio 
Idiota put beef on my nachos!! 
idk anymore! i wanna come home  but i wanna stay here too 
Idk but I'm not in da best of moods today :/ I'm hatin it..Today my son sees his SoCalled Dad after over 2 yrs..I thought it would b easy 
idk even get why im posting these because i have NO followers at the moment 
Idk how some pple can rant on and on abt their stupidity when they are alr in top3. Can get in= stupid, cant get in= GONECASE? @$#! 
Idk how to use twitter on my phone. 
Idk i tried it again but it wont go 
Idk if I can see Jack's mannquin now...  no fucking money.
Idk if i tweeted this already but michael cera is so cut nd funny... Thats what guys should be like... I know sum 1 like that too bad 
IDK if I'll get a cell phone  If I get on A honorall im getting one. I think Im gonna be on B honorall (((
idk if im learning anything 
Idk if that was a good dream or bad dream. Either way it makes me miss the good old days 
idk mission impossible looked stupid to me..
idk wat to wear... half my clothes r still in boxes 
idk what 2 do 
Idk what 2 do ........  ! Its my last weekend be4 my summer vacations !!! YaY !! Next friday is my prom !!!! Aw , cant wait !!
Idk what hurts more my tummy or my tailbone 
Idk what I want to do more sleep or party  i'm so tired!
Idk what to do and there is no one who can help me.. 
idk what to do tomorrow 
IDK WHAT TO TWEET ANYMORE!  ITS WEIRD!
idk whats with me 
Idk where else to apply 
idk where my cell phone is. i think i left it at LAX. grrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
idk where my swagga went today  it's just been terrible so far gah!
Idk wht to do and there is no one who can help me.. 
idk why but im shaking realllllly bad 
Idk why coaches hate me so much. 
idk why i always like the wrong guy. im having problems with that right now. 
idk why i'm awake right now 
Idk why it didn't include the photo  http://twitpic.com/7h6jv
idk why people choose to have more than one kid. this experience is NOT fun. morning sickness my ass! it's all day sickness! 
idk why that happened? what the hell.. 
idk wtf i'm doing with my hands. :L  not in a dailybooth mood today tbh   http://tinyurl.com/nrfb68
Idk WTF is wrong wit me  Haven't slept in like 4 days
idk y the hell im so down on myself 
IDK!! swine flu? I might have it ouch !! I lost my voice 2daez it suks real bad ae 
idk, been bored, hope i aint bored tomorrow 
idk, i dont think my dick is long enough for two people to be on it. 
Idk. it was hurting a bit earlier but when its hurting more now.  i wanna law down too! !
idotutorials.com has crashed, i believe. 
IDs where are you? Come on!! I need you 
IDT my phone supports TWITTER  .....
IE (6) and floating sidebars. Same procedure... 
Ie got a really bad hedache now... and to make it worse, I now have to do a Kojima story 
IE7 bug fixing on a saturday afternoon  Can anyone help with this neg margin floating bug? http://gist.github.com/105450
ie8 doesn't support css3 
IE8 issues http://edskes.net/ie8overflowandexpandingboxbugs.htm  
iewww morning already? shut up alarm clock  ....game day. wish me luck!
If @Cool3stNERD @DjYe or @Deuzz see this tweet, reply to it, please. ...I think my mobile notifications aren't working 
if a groundhog DID eat my coreopsis roots, does it have a chance at recovery? apparently limerick ruby is questionably hardy in Z7 anyway 
If all Moos were Meeples and all Meeples were Nomore...then all Moos are NO MORE 
If any one comes across my air mattress, camera, or ipod, give me a ring. Son of a bitch 
if anyone asks, no I'm not okay and I am currently feeling every negative emotion except anger. Maybe anger a little. 
If anyone has an extra ticket to the eminem concert tommorrow could you give it to me? I WANNA GO! 
if anyone here's on the THA forum, can you please twitter any recent news??? i won't be near a computer .. 
if anyone is any good at junior cert music please tell me what the fuck to write for question ten 
If anyone is at Costco in La Mesa, can you loan me $1.50? Was lured here by the promise of a hot dog to later find out mom has no cash 
If anyone is interested in presale tix for Wisin y Yandel, I have a password from iTunes. there are no more tix available @ MSG. 
If anyone knows a way to make it stop saying You'll have billions of followers by clicking a dumb link... plz let me know.  Meh
if anyone knows any single men available may 23rd to escort me to a wedding please let me know LOL WOW That sounds soooo sad! 
If anyone lives in NYC and u got something to do tonight, holla @ ur fellow tweeter!! Bored out da ass!! 
If anyone near @jungandinsane is reading this, please get her to turn on her cell. It never puppy rains... 
If anyone sees my mother today, give her a hug for me...I can't be there.. 
If anyone wants a free dog, there are 2 at the petco in murrieta til 4:00pm. If they don't get saved they will be put to sleep tomorrow 
If anyone was offended by language on my last tweet, I don't care because @DawnMiceli isn't following me or @calilewis. 
if anyone's free next week, going to be part of creative sydney's opening. Shame nobody can just writing &quot;communitychannel&quot; properly 
If China has blocked Skype too then I can't chat with my fiancÃ©  
If CSULB closes 2 Fridays a month, what's going to happen to my Friday studio class next semester?  http://bit.ly/oYwga
if cupids got a gun...hes shooting 
If ever there was a time when I wanted to rip my nose off of my face and throw it FAR, that time is NOW!! Running out of tissues 
If feel like im going to pass out. 
If god didn't want me drinking soda, why did he make it so delicious  like an orgasm in my mouth
if have to learn for my Mathstest next .i hate maths 
If he doesnt come to my Birthday Party/Sleepover I will be not happppyyyyy 
If he doesn't get better in a few days, he could have something lodged in his belly 
If I ate/drank like two bowls of Veg Soup, am I gonna gain weight or is it water weight? OMG, I FEEL PREGNAT  it better be damn water.
if i can killed my love to you 
If I can't post an episode today, I might as well sleep now. So annoyed with my stupid computer. Sorry guys. 
if I cld jus yack right now I wld feel so much better! ughhh goin 2 work feeln like shit 
if i could have my old school toys back, i would want polly pockets &amp; furby  i miss those toys!
if I could sleep for the rest of the weekend I would. no senior cut day for me on Monday. 
if i could take like a 3 hour nap i would b alot happier rite now 
IF i could wish for anything, it would be.. to still be sleeping. BUT nope! 8:30am- 11:50pm WORK 
if i cried like this everytime someone was rude to me, i think i'd die of dehidration in record time. 
if i didnt have sooo much work to do... i could maybe 'stalk' celebs on here  sad times
If I didnt have this party to do tonight, i'd totally go chill baby Vee while mom n dad go to the movies 
If I die before I wake, today I am okay with that. 
If I don't answer facebook messages that in reply to twitter/status updates, its because sometimes I can't. 
If I don't get a job soon, I don't get to be BAM 
if I don't get at least 56% on this exam, I fail the course, and I also have to beg my registrar to let me take 2.5 courses in the summer 
if i don't get to my bed soon... i will die 
If I don't look like a million &amp; 1/2 when I finish gettin my hair braided-Im gon go 18Dummy! 3days/5hrs a day-my ass is seriously achin' 
if i don't open, they might break-in - been trying to open door already.. was holding key in one-side, while someone was trying to turn 
If I don't text back, my phone has officially split in half.  hopefully my dad will let me get a new one...
if i eat another piece of this broccoli for dinner, i will scream! it's disgusting, i feel like a cow chewing on green vegies! 
If I ever got a Tom Conrad print I would honestly be the happiest girl in the world 
If i fall...no one is here to catch me!  like anyone would want to neway...
if I go and get shreddies I might miss the North West election results 
if i go quick i have died of heat 
If i had a broken heart i'd play broken-hearted girl but i don't yet i still am 
if i had a dog my life would be complete...but i don't want to watch her being born... sorry!!! 
If I had a maid I would tell her to do my dishes now..but reality is I don't have one so I'm doing dishes 
If I had a nice calm fluffy loving animal I could cuddle with it, with I'm not so lucky to have one that fits all those categories. 
If I had a programming language proficiency, I would write my own Twitter app. But I don't. So I'll mutter about other apps instead. 
If I had a superpower, I'd use it to cheer people up. Because I don't like people being sad 
If I had my way I could forget all about the fact that Lady Gaga exists. Unfortunately that's not an option. 
If I had played the Georgia Cash 4 lottery with my birthday every day this year, I'd have won $5400 so far 
if I had the opprotunity to meet uh huh her, id probably be too shy to say anything, im such a dork. Id be like super intimidated 
if i had your number previously you should pm me it, cos my simcard karked it and i lost all the numbers  or even if i didnt have it +
if I have failing tests, autospec seems to not wait - must have something setup wrong 
if i haven't failed french, then i just did. listening was awful  epic fail
if i hear brown say 10% again, i'm going to scream - might as well do it now and get it over with  #pmqs
If i hear one more thing about Tomkat or how much Mission Impossible III sucks ass(
If I keep losing followers, I will be in that 80 Percent Of Accounts too  http://bit.ly/l1YZJV
if i knew what was thumping, i could go get something to eat. 
If i lay here, if i just lay here, would you lie with me? and forget the world 
if i make some madeleines, i need to have a bake sale or something. god. boredom needs to = something other than baking 
if I passed or failed. God I'm so nervous! 
If I see one more dead turtle... 
If I see one more tweet about the SIL/QD concert, I am not gonna be happy. Sleep now. Bus ride somewhere. I have to leave tomorrow  
If I spoke Spanish, it wouldn't have taken me clear to the end of Casados con Hijos to realize it was Married with Children. 
If I start to think I'm going to end up in tears 
If I switch to iphone, I'm gonna miss BBM  sooo sooo much!
If I take Ibprofin before going to the dentist, will it effect anything? I hate how it hurts when they check your gums 
if i walk to the wavepool right now, i would go hang out w/ molly...but i have no money  man this sucks!
if I want a shower, the water will be FROZEN . 
If I want to be part of the boxing it'll be $74 a month with a one year contract. My broke ass can't do it. 
If I wanted to get an iphone 3G is would cost me $299. $400-500 for the 3GS. Plust $30/mo extra too. 
If I was dating Edward...Eric said he would sock me on the mouth 
If i were a paper with information on it to make my computer work. where would i be  this is hopeless
If I were a religious person right now I would say &quot;God bless Kate Gosselin&quot;. Since I'm not I'll just hope she doesn't fall apart 
If I were a transformer... I'd step on people just to hear them *squoosh*. But I'm not so I guess I'll just have a cup of coffee instead. 
If I were famous, people would actually read my Tweets!  Sadly, i am not famous, and no one reads my Tweets 
If I were still single, I'd be saving up my pennies for Sims 3. I loved to put girls I hated with my exes who were jerks! No time now. 
if I wrong SORRY , I really may be less sensitive as you . but should you angry like this 
If i'll die tomorrow, i would like to write, all of you about me on Twitter... 
If Illustrator screws me over tonight, I'm screwed for life. 
If I'm devastated its becuz I'm about to watch the Pursuit of Happiness...  http://myloc.me/2gc7
If im going to be working till 10:30, does that mean i get an overtime bonus? Oh wait... I dont get paid whatsoever. 
If I'm going to watch the reprises, I have to turn of the radio... Don't like that.. 
if i'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that i am? 
If in East Anglia and want hens - www.littlehenrescue.co.uk has 10,000 to re-home by end of June. 
if instead of referring to the datasourceid I refer directly to the datasource I get no data. por que?! Stupid web forms. 
If it aint one thing its another....FML 
If it continues to rain, I'm not going to visit school with Frannie on Thursday. 
If it doesn't stop raining soon I may have to start cleaning the bathroom 
If it keep raining like this, we'll be flooded in some areas, if not all 
if it rains ONE more time on my day off 
If it wasn't 4 BAD LUCK, I'd have no luck at all!  The latest...injured my shoulder/collarbone last night &amp; it's giving me a fit today. 
If it wasn't 4 the mothers... I wouldn't have any lil kids 2 slap... and that would make me sad 
if it wasn't for #swineflu i'd be flying to hong kong tomorrow 
If it wasn't for redbull...I think I would be considered legally dead this morning 
If it wasn't for this exam I would be by a pool in provence RIGHT NOW 
if its you and me forever 
If it's you and me forever, if it's you and me right now, that'd be alright...be alright 
If jess saw my tweet whyy didnt she reply 
If Jon and Kate can't make it then bo one can. 
If listening Bach makes me a freak... well.. poor &quot;normal&quot; people...  http://bit.ly/dSgGY pity... 
If Markets continue the growth this week, expect adsense payments to be down at 10% rate because of 10% $ rate going down 
if mom come back i cannot tweet already 
If my boyfriend already has two kids, refuses to have more and I'm only 25 and broody, what do I do guys 
If my dad ends up giving me his MRSA I will be one sad mamma-jamma.  
If my parents uncover this burn, it will make all hell break loose, i just realized. 
If my stomach didn't tell me already, it's reminding me that I am, indeed, intolerant to this wonderful thing we call lactose.poor tummy 
If no other job comes up in 5 weeks, I will have to work 3:30 - midnight!  No time with my husband, little sleep, little time with amelia
if not impossible 
if officially done with high school....  so sad... i miss them already! movie later???
If one more person asks me why im crying ill scream. Going for a walk now. 
if only i could hear #rightturn live this summer 
If only I could keep a friend...   Sleepless nights,hours thinking about how I want it so much..
if only i could sing better.. id be a singer..  Love crooning... though never do that in public.. im kind to others ears! Lol
if only i had a job..... 
If only I had an eight ball to shake, maybe then I would be in with a chance of winning the #squarespace #iphone giveaway 
If only i had some money 
If only Iran could discover the magic of Unicorns #iranelection.  I'm so sorry Iran.  Not a good day 
If only it was possible that Saffia could be evicted on big brother 2nite  i hate her already and i duno why :S
if only love can survive with no conditions 
If only there was other stuffs on 
if only they had a &quot;its raining too hard, work is cancled&quot; day 
If only they understood... 
If only things hasn't changed.. 
if only time stands still 
if only u would care.... 
If only wasnÂ´t pouring outside... 
if people acted right the first time around things would be so much easier. thx for screwing up.. now we can't ever be adorable together 
If people are having loud sex...am I a perv to listen in??....I'm gonna miss having room mates  lmao
If people don't come on and help me get some life going back on the forums, I'll just scrap them. :-\ You've been forewarned. 
If Piratebays getting shutdown and downloading is soon to be illegal, and i do a music course in uni... will saas buy me CD's? 
If Rajan Rondo and Ray Allen go to Detroit Pistons..I will be really pissed!!!! 
If Robert Pattinson got any Twitter, anyone please tell me? I'm just dying to find him. 
If someone calls you a bon viveur, you may initially be pleased but it turns out they mean you're old, fat and drunk.   
If the C# code I'm looking at right now was instead written in assembly language, I probably wouldn't have noticed the difference 
if the inpact didnt suck so much the white caps would have won 
If the pace in which this game is downloading is any indication of how it will run on this computer, I am displeased. 
If the police are going to domstrate on the street, there must be aomthing wrong with the hong kong government. 
If the power doesn't  stop going out this is really going to make for another crappy day 
If the quality of a weekend is measured by time spent away from a PC, then mine was GREAT! Too bad Monday had to come back around 
if the temp drops below 45 again, someone come save my garden.  I just got the damned things in the ground yesterday.
If the weather doesn't improve we're going to miss tonight's occultation of Antares 
If the weekend comes and I suddenly can fall asleep easily, I'm going to be LIVID. I want to sleep now. Please? 
If there was a productivity strategy called &quot;Inbox Four Thousand&quot; I would be right there 
if there was something that could go wrong today it sure did. baddddddd daayyyyy; didnt even have time to catch up with friends  boo.
If there's a book you really want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. ~ Toni Morrison.... Wished I could 
If there's a dude out there who wants this to be their wedding song too, then I think we could be future wifies  http://tinyurl.com/lmjz37
if there's anyone who needs to see my family even less than me, it's him 
If there's anything I've learned from this Summer, it's that 6:40am is NOT a reasonable time to wake up at 
If these ASSHOLES cause me to miss my plane, I think I might have to go to prison for DMB! This is not looking good  ... deep breath!!!
If they won't shut up they could at least invite me to join the party  soo tired.
If this hard drive of mine fails, and I lose everything I have on here, that would suck big time.  All my stuffs are on here.
If this is a preview to the rest of the summer's daily weather behavior, I'm moving. @drkish---did you get wet this morning on my bike? 
if this painful headache don't exist I'd still watch EHB 
If today wasn't shit enough I just ate a mouldy roll 
if twitter was a class, i'd fail. this is confusing  http://tinyurl.com/npa9be
if u don't want to clean the carpet, don't give ur kid chocolate milk. 
if u ever thought u had it bad, imagine life without ur siblings...my heart goes out to any child in foster care 
if u fucking hate me.. say it,, don't act like a fool 
If u have ever been rejected in your life(haha have'nt we all) take heart..at least it was'nt a public affair  http://bit.ly/zjn4e
If u kno me u kno food cant get spicy enuf 4 me...While dishing sytycd w/ @sarahlj13 ate whole jar of peppercinis... That can't end well 
If u sk8bord, bmx, fmx, surf, wakebord, or  inline sk8 then follow fuel.tv            -B3N
if u want to be legally correct, dont step into transportation dept. nothing is proper.  #wtf
If VCU Brandcenter doesn't let me know of their decision by next week, I'd have to let them go!  Really like the school though!
If we move, what will happen to my cats? 
If We Shall All Be Healed didn't have Mole on it, it would be my favorite Mountain Goats album. I can't stand that song for some reason.. 
IF X CHANGES BY DELTA Y, LET Y CHANGES BY DELTA Y.......what the hell!!! this is chineseeeeeeeeeeeeee research methods course!! 
if Yelana can get a decent boyfriend why can't I? 
If you are a single rider on a bus ride you should switch seats to let freinds sit together   its just the nice thing to do
if you are a USA BSB fan post a tweet and say so cos it seems like most BSB fans are in other countries. and follow me!  #BSB
If you are taller than me then why in hell would you sit infront of me at class!! 
if you are unhappy in life in the twitter world this would be know as: tweetless  if you are happy in life you can just: TWEET TWEE ...
if you cant see my guitar is breaking   look at the glue streching!  it wont stay in tune and now i cant play... http://tinyurl.com/oep4mf
I'm soooo tired wow 
I'm soooo tired! Wish I dnt have to wrk this morning 
I'm soooo tired!...I dnt wanna work later on!!. 
i'm soooo tired!i want go to bed 
im soooo tired. fuck everything ahaha. 
Im soooo tiredd like to the max tired and im sick  goodnight @shellybear311 and @kevheartsmar @angelbabyyboo
I'm soooo ugly .... 
i'm SOOOO upset by the fact that i could have EASILY went to see all time low perform, &amp; i failed miserably; i could cry rite now, 
I'm sooooo angry! 
im sooooo BOARD some one plz REPLY!!! 
im sooooo bored ugh 
I'm sooooo excited for my Spanish classes! Too bad we only have class lectures once a week. 
i'm sooooo hungry.  but it's so late to ea
im sooooo hurt right now  @MZGOTTIAKAMENAJ
I'm sooooo sad. It's too bad.  nuzzle me someone 
I'm sooooo sick...sore throat, headache, stuffy nose, chest hurts adn this damn medicine is NOT workin....UGH!! ps-its soo nice outside 
I'm Sooooo Sore From Yesterday! 
im sooooo tired  ., grrrrrrrrr., languages evening grrrrrrr., coz i really wanna make a foooooool outa myself in french :|
i'm sooooo tired  GOODNIGHT EVERYONE&lt;3
im sooooo tired and out of it. cant even drink!i need a massage sooooo bad.  
I'm sooooo tired!!! I can feel myself drifting!! But MUST.REVISE.CHEM!!!  (&quot;,) &lt;3
I'm sooooo tired.  2hrs sleep is never a good idea 
i'm sooooo tired. and now i have to study math 
I'M SOOOOOO HUGRY!!!!! THERE IS NOTHING TO EAT @ MY HOUSE 
Im soooooo tired of this morning,afternoon and evening sickness.....im scared to eat 
i'm sooooooo fat  what i doing?
I'm sooooooo off tomorrow....and I'm soooooo sleeping in...gotta catch up on on ZzZzZzZzZzZ..been doing total of 3 hours past 2 days 
i'm soooooooo bored why did i wake up early whyyyyyyyyyyyy 
im soooooooo fucked for my accounting exam not even funny 
i'm soooooooo nervous about the finals coming next week 
Im soooooooo tired...   working soooooo HARD...
im sooooooooooo bored and i miss mike.  little over a week and he will be home
i'm sooooooooooo freakin tired   
I'm sooooooooooo gonna feel this workout in the am!!!!   Did damn near 20 laps.. on top of the workout.  
I'm soooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored right now 
im soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored can't be botherd  2 go 2 school on monday arghhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!     
I'm sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo full! and sooooooo lazy today! Lol. I have to wake up early tomorrow, my week ends tomorrow! 
I'm sore all over  And studying. And it's raining. Lovely!
Im sore and hungry   I would like sushi,foxtel and cuddles plz
I'm sore, cut up and exhausted. And I have to go into work    fmllllll
im sorry  maybe you should try it....
im sorry  my bestfriends mean everything.
I'm sorry  Please just forget Paige....
i'm sorry  what happened?
I'm sorry about earlier. It's just my hormones going crazy. Another tell take sign that i'm pregnant. Ah 
I'm sorry about you car 
I'm sorry about your tailbone Leanna Dee  Just finished watching a nice movie - Bottle Shock. Thanks Stuffy for the recommendation.
im sorry ata  and i do agree...mega poser. XD
Im sorry babe    I passed out 
im sorry babe  still hurtin huh?
im sorry baby  sooooo much homework and 3 finals tomorrow i have to study for. gonna be a laaaaaaaate night
I'm sorry Brinna, R.I.P Pepsi  The cat I actually liked.
I'm sorry but I'll be extremely busy till tonight late  ... But u'll hear from me soon...
I'm sorry Dad  I was too upset, sorry, sorry.
im sorry dad. your surprise cheesecake for your birthday will probably come out horrible.  fu pecans syrup and water.
I'm sorry Dominos.. i ordered Pizza Hut tonight and boy did we regret it!  Wrong pizza + not having some of our food = rubbish 
I'm sorry everyone for the double tweets.  I think I fixed it.
I'm sorry for all of the embarrassing displays at my house tonight boys  I'm really really sorry
im sorry for doing something that upset you  i dont ever want to hurt you!
i'm sorry for farrah fawcett ,she dies at 62 years 
im sorry for hitting you emma  i feel really bad....
I'm sorry guys, I don't know WHYYYYY I'm being so bitchy tonight. 
I'm sorry I didn't update today.. I was kinda busy and now i'm very tired 
I'm sorry I hate to read Harry Potter, but I love the movies!..
I'm sorry I should call them; Mum, Dad and Jeremy   Even though I love them all, its saddening.
I'm sorry if any of you guys think I've been off with you lately 
I'm sorry if I'm a downer but it's hard to not be emotional right now. I didn't want to see Monica pass so I stayed home... 
I'm sorry if MSN is sending silly messages to people. It isn't me, but a nasty little virus that i need to get rid of 
i'm sorry mom  i love you..
Im sorry sam.that really sucks. 
I'm sorry Shelby 
I'm sorry that I always mess everything up.  Please don't hate me Sarah.  Please know that I'll always love you and I'm trying my hardest 
i'm sorry that your translations SUCK  plz study more
Im sorry to all that i was chatting with....the internet started acting up.  i miss my computer.  
I'm sorry to hear that Usher has filed for divorce.   
im sorry to say i had to unfollow Diddy, he just posts wayyy too much 
I'm sorry to say that I have to join the crowd.  #fuqtwitter #ohnotheydidnt  Society made me do it. ha
Im sorry you cant slp  Rio (G.M.B)
I'm sorry! I thought Idol was LIVE! Why do they always say that if its not?  I hate spoilers &amp; I think I spoiled Idol for some last night.
I'm sorry, but am I d only 1 who's having problems with Twitter? I've been refreshing my Twitter twice &amp; d page still remains d same... 
i'm sort of miserable boo 
I'm sort of sad that the spam followers never seem to follow me anymore. Am I not good enough for you? 
I'm sort of sick 
I'm spending Mother's Day with my beloved mommy... on the phone. It's Sunday, 8:35 AM where she is. Wish she was here 
I'm sry, please.. 
i'm sssoo cold. i want the summery weather to come back 
I'm standing here but you don't see me, i'd give it all for that to change. And i donÂ´t wanna lose him, donÂ´t wanna let him go. 
I really don't want to to this exam 
I really don't want to work today!  
i really dont want you to leave  (N) was crying all last night :'(
I really enjoyed last night! and i am truely sorry for giving Mel my cold 
i really fancy a macdonalds. cannot be asked to get a bus all the way to bromley though  argh craving a big mac.
i really fancy a stir fry but i dont think we have any chicken  x
I really feel blah today. Could crawl back into bed and just sleep. I bet my kids gave me their cold.... 
I really feel like a vanilla slice but the shop sold out 
i really feel like going shopping like right now...but it is like almost 11pm...i dont think that anyone is goning to be open 
i really feel like shitnow ahaha but abitto Daniel Merriweather can always help while I wait for my mammy to report as shes in Espaniol 
I really feel like watching night at the roxbury but i can't find it anywhere 
I really feel like writing today. Too bad I won't have the opportunity until Dave gets home at 4 - by then I won't want to do anything. 
I really fucked up this time. I am a moron. Fuck my life. 
I really go go peepee but nobody to releave me....  hahahaha
I really gotta take sum ppl off my mobile alerts I got 1051! How am I ever gonna clear those, ya'll know this phone slow 
I really hate Brokeback Mountain.
i really hate chyrp. i gave it a go. i feel like such a failure. will move my blog tonight 
I really hate classes that are a waste of time. 
I really hate classes! it doesnt even feel like summer cus I have this weight on me and THE WORK  ri dic u lous!
I really hate coming back from vacation to a refrigerator with no food, bills due in two days, and the enormous task of unpacking 
i really hate coming in to work on sunday afternoon  it makes the whole weekend seem shorter ~beau~
I REALLY hate cooking bacon. I jump back everytime i hear it pop. But by then It's too late, i'm already burned by the frying grease. 
I really hate death and the regrets that come with it.... 
I really hate drama 
I really hate feeling crappy. Onslaught of a migraine coming on  plus a head cold yuck!
i really HATE funerals....but i gotta go anyway 
If you didn't already know, Nathan &amp; Nat are live from Singapore tomorrow and I'm basically the only staff member who wasnt invited 
If you didn't win a copy of THE STORY SISTERS,  and I'm sorry, I gave away all I could find. But buy one or get it from your library!
if you dont install the Carrier Uprgrade there's no Internet Tethering option in General Prefs in iPhone OS 3.0 
If you dont PLAY habbo, you're so very uncool.  (like tyler) hehe!
If you go to the grocery store today, please tell the people working there that you appreciate them. Hubs is now on 2 hours of overtime. 
if you guys get a bunch of &quot;sojufied is now following you&quot; messages, i'm really sorry 
@Jonasbrothers how come your youtube account is suspended?!?! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/4n27u - darn i got it wrong  lovin the boots 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - monterrey mexico  is waiting for you guys !    monterrey mexico is crying for you guys! well ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - OMJonas, I'm crying here with emotion 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - only 6 or 7 days to my death! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - PLEASE COME TO URUGUAY! IM VERY SAD ! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5gy2a - I can't see myself  But guys you are awsome and Peru love your concert!!  Please come back!!
i really hate guys atm , i feel so used and upset and its meant to be the happiest day of the year lmao !!!!  oh well
I really hate having big feet, it can be very frustrating and expensive to find shoes without breaking the bank 
I really hate how all store meetings seem to be scheduled on my days off, or when I close and don't effin wanna get up early! Grrr 
I really hate how I can right pretty good lyrics yet I cant sing  oh &amp; twitter stop failing or I'll bitch slap you out of the milky way
I really hate how slow the fast toward is on sims 3!!! It pisses me the hell of!!! I hate waiting so long for my sim to finish sleeping 
i really hate it that i'm so tempted to read all of these newspaper articles about the show  oh well, i want a suprise 
i really hate it when i say the wrong thing... 
I really hate it when my scalp also gets wet due to sweat. Buti sana kung nag-sports ako, e naglakad lang kaya ako sa labas. 
I really hate it when people use flash photography. Not only is it distracting, it hurts your eyes! It also brings the risk of seizures. 
I really hate it when someone calls themself your friend BUT you only hear from them when they want something from you  #friendfail
I really hate iTunes right now 
i REALLY hate itunes! it never works for me!!  
I really hate Monday  
I really hate my family, and I've never said that before... 
I really hate my job..  I'm so sick of hating jobs.
i really hate my moms boyfriend , hes such an asshole 
I really hate my nightshifts 
I really hate myself tonight  I doubt tomorrow will make me feel better. FML!!! Again, why does God hate me? Was I Hitler in my last life
I really hate package visibility members in Java.They make my life more complicated than it should be 
I really hate rainy dayss especially when i have trailer classes. 
i really hate revising it is so boring and dosnt go to ur head 
I really hate seeing her like that 
I really hate some of my friends.... They ruined my plans 
I really hate Sundays. Soccer game later but I can't play thanks to my damn foot 
I really hate Tatiana Michelle Hernandez 
I really hate the feeling of slightly damp clothes. 
I really hate this weather  yesterday, so nice, so sunny, and today... its just not worth it to leave home
I really hate this weird feeling in my tummyy  TIREDDD! -____- Camp is going to be a drag todayy
I really hate using the letter &quot;U&quot; in place of &quot;you&quot; and the number &quot;2&quot; in place of &quot;too&quot;. 
I really hate when I get so much attached to people I like/love. it sucks!  
I really hate work on saturday 
i really hated the mtv music awards ouugh 
I really have a strange craving for mint chocolate chip...either that or romance. I wish i had a love life 
i really have an urge to go out and do something, but it's almost midnight. 
I really have no sense of direction. It makes me feel so stupid whenever I get lost. 
i really hope @yomikaa feels better 
If you haven't joined WonhoPhoto page on Facebook, You are mean.  Go Join Now. http://tinyurl.com/nnc54f Thank You.
if you like someone, you normally do everything to talk to them... and being ignored is all i get! 
if you look like shit and feel like shit does that mean you are shit? 
If you look up 'tanuki' on ebay, you find a lot of fur coats. 
if you love me, let me know. if not, please gently let me go. :|    :'(
If you need a car buy it from me, I have a bad habit of GIVING them away. 
If you need me, I'll be in meetings all day  Feel free to send some love.
i'm standing here, but you don't see me 
I'm standing on the airport runway. Freaking out! I'm no happy 
Im startin 2 get kinda freaked out being here bymyself...every little spooks the shit outta me...eek! But i dnt hav nowhere else 2 go.. 
im starting not to like twitter anymore...its boring 
im starting school tmorow at bhhs again  wish me luck yeah?
I'm starting to become more and more convinced that I should teach myself C# before I continue with XNA. I'm so lost... 
I'm starting to cry 
I'm starting to dislike 1234 by Plain White T's and it's not because the song is not great. It's because 'you' made me feel that. 
im starting to doubt if theres even a bus .  whyyyy do you lie about your times lb transit ?! D:
I'm starting to feel a bit nervous about the presentation I must give about counselling to people who mebbe don't know much about it 
I'm starting to feel better and had dinner....but human1 is still planning to take me to the vet tomorrow.  
im starting to feel someone or some ppl are hiding something from me that they know they should tell me... 
i'm starting to get a stomach ache...  and i'm watchin' &quot;Sunyy With A Chance&quot; lol hopefully the pain will go away...
im starting to get annoyed by Mythbusters 
i'm starting to get infactuated with him. i try my best to talk to him, but i guess i got shy today 
I'm starting to get laptop withdrawal symptoms 
I'm starting to get really fed up with flat hunting and endless emails from estate agents. 
im starting to get sick of not knowing what to do 
im starting to get stressed!!! i need to pack!!! ahhhhhhhh i started but stopped now im totally stressed &amp; have sooo much to do tonight 
I'm starting to get worried there might be something seriously bad with my back. 
im starting to have a headache...boooooo!!!  
I'm starting to have dreams with him again 
I'm starting to miss high school now  its hitting me!
I'm starting to not feel so good again. I hope what I had yesterday doesn't come back! 
if you only knew  i am still love youuuuuuuuuuuuuu BUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
If you only knew. 
if you people (@izzyandthebean and @garrickphelps) dont stop talking about cookies i'm gonna need to eat another row of oreos after work 
if you reply to someone do they have to be following you to be able to read it? i don't know how to use twitter! 
If you saw UP..this story will tear your heart to pieces..it did mine  http://bit.ly/5NMvY
If you stole my duck out of my jeep today, please return it 
if you tried to call or text, sorry. I have no signal. 
If you tried twittercut [like me few hours ago   ]  please, change you password immediately!!!!  or you will loose your twitter account!
if you twitter bug dont hear from me much today its because my phone battery is pretty low  dont die blackberry! dont die 
If you use the iPhone Live365 app, the 3.0 update breaks it.   A new Live365 app that works is waiting in Apple's approval queue.
if you wanna know if he loves you so, its in his kiss. &lt;3 God i miss Cats. 
if you wanna talk/text, do it TODAY. i'm going on a church habitat trip, won't be back until next saturday + no phone   thanks!
I really hope Conan O'Brien will be hilarious tonight...cause I'm hella down...I really miss my best friend... 
I really hope everyone is watching the bachelorette?obviously cus its VANCOUVER/WHISTLER yeah Canada...I wanna be the next bachelorette 
i really hope everything is ok 
I really hope i can be in bed by at least 3am, i gotta be at the airport by 6:50 
I really hope I don't die before I get to meet Prince.. Seriously.. I will be a sad corpse.. 
I really hope I dont forget Im wearing contacts ... I dont wanna end up with swollen and sore eyes tomorrow 
I really hope I'm not getting sick! 
I really hope my brother gets home soon! 
i really hope my car is not just a brick now 
i really hope she isnt dating him. 
I really hope Tesco will have re-stocked their aisles today, need ibuprofen, just took my last just now! 
I really hope that Federer can pull himself together.  It seems the net is always in his way..
I really hope that I can enjoy my day off tomorrow. My last day off was last Monday.  
i really hope that that little bit of caffeine doesn't mess up those test things tomorrow. i hope not. 
I really hope that things will turn around someday.Cause day by day it's getting hard to keep this shattered heart beating-quote by me 
I really hope the Eminem/Bruno thing wasn't scripted, but it HAS to have been really 
I really hope the weather tames down in Kentucky &amp; pray that my bf stays safe while he's there! Guess I'm going to find some food alone 
I really hope they find the black box for Air France  http://tinyurl.com/pemwuh
I really hope they find the black box for Air France  http://twurl.nl/5uyojm
I really hope this is works. Please........i'm begging on this stuff 
I really hope this weather keeps up.. but thinks its meant to get worse tomorrow  rage!
I really hope this week goes quickly, I am just not in the mood to be at work 
I really hope to find my sword in the mailbox when I get home. I paid $38 for that thing, I want my sword. 
I really hope tonight doesn't get screwed up 
I really just cant believe it 
I really just wanna cuddle 
I really just wanna lay back down.  im so tired didn't sleep till 2
I really just wanna watch Skins...it takes forever to load 
I really just want to be out of Dothan...more than ANYTHING! 
I really like #tweetdeck for iPhone, but it crashes at least 50% of the time on my 1g phone. 
If you want to collect your money from customer - you need to threat him. Do not like that, but did 2 times today! 
if you want to stay on my good side......never call me a skinny mini......I'm not skinny...yet like five people called me that last night 
If you were at envy and you have my I.D. Can you let me know please! I thought I had it and I don't 
If your from Chicago ...I am listening to the last Kathy &amp; Judy radio show on WGN ..  They cut the show after 20 years! how sad...
if your happy, im happy 
If your SO says, &quot;You don't think I'm hot,&quot; saying, &quot;I don't really think anyone is hot,&quot; is not very reassuring. 
if you're following me on here, PLEASE read the note i just posted on facebook and/or my away message, i really need help! 
if you're graduating today, congratulations! i wish i could be there, but i'll be stuck at home, babysitting. 
I really like how the weather widget on imac and iphone always predict different weather...not! 
I really liked Jay Leno I am sad to see him off the Tonight Show. 
I really liked the Lost episode but sucks we have to wait ssssoooooooo long till season 6 
I really love Mos Def! I'm sad that I'm not at the Blackstar concert in NY tonight. 
I really love the first couple that was announced in the bottom first  sytycd
i really miss @JackAllTimeLow 
i really miss @trocks  it sucks i can't text.
I really miss all of my aber 675 peeps  Minnesota has to happen this summer!
I really miss Billy all of a sudden. I'm gonna cry  i'm also depressed that Spring Awakening is no longer on  theatre 
i really miss descalvado  i want my pics with the cowboy hat and stuff
I really miss grandpa  rip
I really miss Jay Leno as the host of The Tonight Show 
I really miss Jema!  &lt;333
i really miss my 1/2&quot; lobes 
I really miss my best friend 
I really miss my best friend, my twin  Wish I could go see her this summer
i really miss my best friends 
I really miss my besties... 
I really miss my brother... 
I really miss my cat 
I really miss my family 
i really miss my friends right now..like every single one of them  random...
I really miss my friends. I can't see them because they're so far away. 
i really miss my hadji podgie 
I really miss my hubby we havent been apart 4 this long in over a year               im a cull i no lol
i really miss my mom.    we haven't seen each other for almost 5 years now..... miss u so much mama!
I really miss my mom... 
I really miss my nukes  http://twitpic.com/7vwi3
I really Miss PSA!   one day you will see how shitty people can be.
I really miss Shafik! 
I really miss the band Boys Like Girls. Or whatever. 
I really miss the class of '09 
i really miss the good old days 
I really miss Tuey... 
I really miss working down town 
I really miss you baby   come back to me; its almost easy..
i really miss you viviâ™¥!!hiks..hiks.. 
I really must get Sims 3. I feel SO left out - and I can't play 2 anymore 'cause i'm on a mac now...  waaa
i really need @ignaciavalencia 
I Really need 2 buy some Rain boots,hate when my feet get wet from the Rain 
I really need 2 go 2 da mall right now &amp; hurry to da nearest record store! Lemme grab that new Green Day album! Wish I had da time to 
i really need 2 stop going out at the last min wen I'm drunk with a camera oh how bad those pics are 
I really need a &quot;Report SPAM&quot; button in Twitter  It is moving more and more to a SPAM tool; hey, Twitter guys, anyone there?
I really need a bb charger phone dying 
I really need a drink but I know that my dad will make me Hoover if I do 
I really need a drink but i'm too scared to go downstairs  x
I really need a girls day out badly. 
i really need a job times are hard and my parents can't do everything. dang I'm 16  I shouldn have to worry about that 
I really need a job. it's depressing. I want some new records god dammit 
I really need a job... 
i really need a new ipod  i can't fit all my music onto my ipod nano.
I really need a new job 
I really need a new laptop. 
I really need a shower but im sick and cbf right now 
I really need a vacation - but I can't afford it. 
I really need a vacation!! 
I really need coffee. Those rollercosters kicked my ass. I feel old. 
I really need emoticons on twitter. I feel restrained in my ability to express myself.  Sadness. 
i really need my gavin and stacey 
I really need my music back  and my tuner, it's still missing 
I really need some BONES followers 
I really need some coffee, but I have no cream  http://ff.im/3EPyL
I really need some coffee. Barista son at father's house. 
I really need some food, but it's raining out  what to do!?
i really need some money; i don't have much left. 
I really need someone  someone text me pleasse
I really need something for my throat. 
i really need the sun  watching charmed. i think ima make a start on an assignment..but i think ima find my phone first its been lost for
i really need this vacation 
If you're lucky enough to be around the special dad in your life, be sure to spend every second w/him today! There are so many who can't. 
If you're new to twitter, be sure to change your pic. o_O just looks like spam to me. And I'm not a fan of the Spamburger w/ cheese 
if you're reading this please pray for cynthia, my sister, she's pretty down right now. 
If you're still interested in playing indoor soccer the money is due Thursday - but now I don't know if I should do it  stupid foot!
iFail - forgetting to back up iPhone prior to updating firmware...g'dammit!!! 
ifeel like I update a lot....pero not even 1000 updates yet  guess I don't update a lot after all
ifeel like im gonna cry . . its all over - everything  im gonna miss O9
Ight I Got Away N I mad it 2 My Brother Ceo House warming droping off da gift n going home 2 take care of my minnie me she sick 
ight yall...gotta get my rest and sweat this flu out! im still sick  peace!! again i love everybody who made it out for me 2nite!
ign just dropped quality and is stalling alot. 
IGNORANCE IS SO BLISS..... BELIEVE IT HOMIE &quot;GNR&quot;.... BABY MAMA DRAMA NEVER STOPS 
ignore ignore ignore! why??? do you hate me?! argh! 
ignore my last tweet. tonight is going to be another night spend in my bed. alone. 
Ignore my previous statement, After installing it i realize it's not what it used to be 
Ignore that last post... (damn!) Bad info! Magnum wins 16-14 over the U 
igor is down again. 
ihad the worst nights sleep going and has woken up feeeling soo soo sick 
Ihammock.com/boysandclubbing 
ihav no clu wut thant meens??? 
ihave a horrible headache 
Ihave yet to spot Goofy  but still having a blast... when did they rename MGM! Dang i must be old lol
Ihazaheadache 
IHOP before work, now I got the itis &amp; don't wanna work. 
Ihope iÂ´m not sick on her wedding!! :O 
ihulll, i want more followers 
ii feel bad about this. PLEASE stop you guys.. 
ii lOve damien ! grr him !... ii cant talk to him like ii use to ... 
ii must have aint the wrong thing cause ii feel HORRIBLE! 
ii odee found an allergy pill... vicks def. didn't work !!  sooo happy thooo waitin 4 my sinus' to clear up so ii can go back to sleep !
ii thiinkk i have swinee fluu 
ii thnk all my friends r asleep nobdy is txtn me 
iï¿½m at chapter 8 ... itï¿½s awesome ... it's a pity that are just 12 chapter 
Iï¿½m Back, sorry, lot a work  news?
iï¿½m bored ... advanced training is tiresome 
iï¿½m ill.. bueeee.. 
Iï¿½m in Valencia (Spain) in my house...Iï¿½m boring.. 
iï¿½m really tired ,, but i must learn for rewe and i misss my honey 
IIewwwww its pooring! And i have 2 work later 2day 
iight folks, i'm out. headed to the studio to finish up @cnewland1 SummerJam'09 show cd. leave one, my blackberry is not 100% functional 
IIGHT TWITTER FAM I'LL HIT U WHEN I MAKE IT HOME IF THE INTERNET IS BACK UP  IF NOT BB IT IS
iii wantedd to playy netball on saturdayy  !!!! but it raineddd and got washhedd outtt ! 
Iiiiiiii meant to get cucumber for magic cucumber water. iFail.  Got orange chicken, though.
iim iillllllllllllll  n i need to ring sum1! beta had hav thr fone on thm (yn)
iis really down i need JLS site to work  cant liive with out iit lol who fills the same  xxxx
Ike band finally does an alumni band on homecoming and I can't go because I have albion homecoming that weekend 
ikea midnight madess but B is sick 
ikea was fun, just ate at kfc im feeling abit sick now 
Iker Casillas isn't playing!!! why isn't he playing?!?! I was prepared for some eye candy 
IKER CASILLAS WHY HAVE YOU FAILED??? 
Ike-related hassles! Now I think my fridge is broken! After I fill it w food &amp; then eat a lot, it's empty &amp; stays empty until I refill it 
Ikey's house and diego. School tomorrow though... 
il always miss you and love you 
il be home in less than 4 days  hello Pinas
iLackControl: I bought 6 SKORs from 7-11 on the way home last nitee (10pm)... I only have 2 left. 
Ileft my heart in Curitiba... 
ill  but watching this morning. Love it!
ill  got a headache but i gotta revise for my stupid maths exam tomorrow 
ill  how annoying it has to come on the last day of the week!
ill - i feel like someone has just got hold of my stomach and started strangling it, urgh  not fun http://tumblr.com/xao1ub01y
ill  itchy and nausious :s grrrr
ill and tired 
ill at home 
I'll ATTEMPT to install the invisibleSHIELD... on my own... without any.. help.... 
I really need to blog more. My poor blog is all empty and naked. 
I really need to clean my room! Looks like my closet exploded! Can't ever find shit in here!!! 
I really need to figure out how to approach attractive women in public 
i really need to get on thatt paper, bye 
I really need to get out more 
I really need to get some shoe glue - the heel is falling off one of my favorite pairs of gladiator sandals. 
i really need to go and start some more revision,biology or chemistry today me thinks 
i really need to go running...so unmotivated today though 
I really need to go to bed cuz ima feel it hard...pause...in the morning. But I can't sleep. 
i really need to go, but i wanna win  #peterfacinelli
I really need to head to the gym, but the lazy bug is creeping in on me 
I really need to lay off the smoking. Been coughing for hours now 
i really need to learn how to get an early night! i gotta be up in 5 hours  #fb
I really need to lose the ten pounds ive gained. I have no clothes that fit me right now 
I really need to lose weight. Anybody wanna be my exercise-buddy? 
i really need to make my back crack, but it just wont 
I really need to pee, but I actually cannot be bothered to get up 
I really need to play. Take me out to the ball game..or whatever. Plleaassee..  http://myloc.me/2apX
I really need to quit being so lazy today 
I really need to see Up 
I really need to start cging, but I have to finish this background. 
I really need to start playing guitar again :/ woooooo this week I haven't player for about3 weeks 
I really need to start reading my Bible more. 
i really need to start skydiving again. i miss myself, and i dont feel like myself when i'm not a skydiver 
I really need to stop checking my Facebook every 3 seconds hoping there's a message from Kyle 
I really need to stop doing #wordathon until I can really get into this book, it just isn't flowing yet 
I really need to stop following news sites. kind of makes me depressed.... 
I really need to stop going to bed so late. 
i really need to stop shopping 
i really need to stop surfing the web when i have stuff in the oven...    poor biscuits
I really need to study im gonna fail!  i cant focus though
I really need to study, but I got a terrible headache. Life is so unfair 
I really need to work on my sleep schedule. 
I really nice two days with Jeff, won't see him until monday  But he has a &quot;surprise&quot; lined up for me but its not a surprise anymore ;) ;)
I'm starting to realize I'll never get a SUNNY day off.  
i'm starting to realize summer is not going to be as fun when you're not surrounded by friends who also have nothing better to do.  boo
I'm starting to really regret my choice to go to ASU.  lol
I'm starting to think that I'm too busy for my own good. At least I feel productive and motivated! But I can't sleep at night. Not good 
I'm starting to wish i was older than what i am 
I'm starting to wonder if I have some sort of magnetic field around me that breaks computers...now my office computer is down. 
I'm starting with another product review about rainbow marketing system... i never find a lot of reviews on the net about this.. 
Im starving  I just want a &quot;domenico roll&quot; From Yokomo sushi to go...but is too late, or not O.O?
I'm starving  Someone feed me!
I'm starving and don't know what to eat  Hating myself for passing up the pizza sample at Trader Joe's now.
im starving need home time  james you better not eat my spagehetti bologneise ( i know i cant spell )
I'm starving! and I have to non-stop revise today 
I'm starving! I hope she cooked for me today! My tummy hurts! 
I'm starving! Just got back from school....debating whether to eat or sleep  
i'm starving, wanna eat cookies 
I'm starving. Let's go to the canteen and let's hope I find something eatable! No other choice today 
I'm starvinggggg hadn't had a chance 2 get lunch yet 
I'm staying here...without u....without ur love....and without ur hug 
I'm staying in bed!  I can hear it raining outside. How miserable 
Im sticking to my sheeeeets  this is why i hate summer, its so hard to get comfy and get a good nights sleep
im sticking to my words 'guys are overrated' because if your srsly puting the effort and heart in it to early your gunna get hurt 
im stiil hearin Don't Forget 
I'm still a little aggravated over Mochi games, sux that leaderboard enabled means their leaderboard not the one on gWorldz.com! 
I really nned a summer job..   I mean seriously, i dont even have enough $$$ for Miley/Metro station concert in Oct.!!
i really pray that this flu nonsense is over for everyone by tomorrow. its gonna be the weekend and i really dont wanna be sick 
I really really can't wait for my iPhone but I'm guessing I won't have it next week, maximum delivery time 6 weeks 
I really really do not care anymore... Urgh. A good day just turned really really bad 
I really really just want to be well again.. 
I really really miss @iKimbot!!!!!!!  Haven't heard from her in...3 days 
i really really miss my babe 
I really really miss my bff  &lt;3
I really really miss not having nuf time 4 conversations w my #gfree tweeps. Haven't had any time at all 4 kitchen chemistry.. 
I really really miss the boyfriend 
i really really need eat something 
I really really need to make a video so bad! I havent made one in a week! 
i really really need to win the lottery! Sick of having no cash 
i really really really hate punishment  i miss my phoneeeeeee !
I really really really miss playing D&amp;D. 
I really really really miss u....no bullshit, no other motives I actually just want 2 b in ur presence &amp; talk 2 u again...like now 
i really really really really miss dancing, it makes my heart hurt I miss it so badly 
I really really really want a job so bad 
I really really really want an IMac, god their beautiful! need to stop looking on the apple store.. feeling slightly depressed now 
i really really REALLY want cereal, but i have no milk  this makes me sad....... and hungry...
i really really really want to find tix to dispatchhhh 
I really really really wish my tablet was still working so that I could photoshop over it. 
I really REALLY should stop being so lazy and act upon the ideas I have, whether it be for fun/profit - http://bit.ly/5VQR8 
i really really wanna sing before the storm for singing instead of the climb, i love the climb so much but it's frustrating to sing ! 
I REALLY REALLY want a reeses brownie. 
I really really want Chinese take-out, DELIVERED. And I don't have a menu/number for the new place I want it from. 
I really really want my phone already 
I really really want to go back to sleep.  Going tubing in Helen with my mommy though.
I really really want to go to Warped Tour!! 
I really really want to try out for american idol june 30th. But its in LA and im in Las Vegas. 
I really really wish I could be listening to Electric feel right now! Stupid work not lettiing me listen to music! 
I really really wish I could go to comic con 
i really really wish i could've been at bamboozle 
I'll back to London for see my old friends but is just 2 weeks 
I'll be away from Stephen in a bit.  For now..
ill be back in a feww. 
I'll be crazy if the situation like this 
I'll be glad when the house cools off  I wish I could get a new AC unit.
I'll be happy on Sun when we have the graduation party - I'm done cleaning...but that means only 13 days before the kidlets leave for NY 
I'll be having ER duty tomorrow.  This will be fun and exciting, but I'll probably look AND feel like a zombie by the time I get home. 
I'll be home tommorrow guys...nooooo  so sad
I'll be in the office tomorrow -- no mid-day tweeting! 
i'll be latish to #unsheffield #uns1 - im uploading video of #bigchip11... currently entertaining my bright and awake nephews... 
I'm still alive y'all! I can't say the same for the pine tree that *used* to be in our backyard. 
I'm still alive, not turned the ps3 on for so long tho, missing it 
I'm still all wet and sandy!! 
I'm still angry at PARRA. Why do they always seem to disappoint me when i least expect it? 
I'm still at the office - someone bring me some takeaway PLEASE! 
Im still at the office working. Sigh. Tom is another big day. It means series of meetings with the bosses. I hope its already Tues night 
I'm still at the office. today has been a little slow 
Im still awake and i dont want to be awake 
I'm still bummed about David Carradine.  seriously lame.
im still dirty..even after scrubbing... 
I'm still ECSTATIC about Usher &amp; Tameka's divorce, yet PISSED that he has two children now!  (ME &amp; the other 1000000000000 women waiting)
im still feel very low coz  i only have 9 followers  
Im still feelin' kinda betrayed, I guess. Dont worry Ill build a bridge and get over it.  Its Like I do a lot for them and them none 4 me!
Im still feeling unwell with a cold and a headache      xxx
I'm still getting lost in columbia.   born with no sense of direction.  Finally home. Nite nite all...sleep well. Be back if can't sleep.
I'm still getting used to the dog not being around. I go downstairs in the morning to have a cuddle with him.. Then I realise he's gone. 
I'm still having trouble putting up a picture... I'm turning gray!  I'm gonna go paint a wall yellow and orange. 
I'm still here...........as if anyone really cares!! 
I'm still here...took longer than I thought! 
i'm still hoping there's a way to recover my hard disks cuz all my files, important/rubbish, and nostalgic, are there. but what if not. 
Im still hungry  Im a fat kid at heart!!!
I'm still hungry after a slice of pineapple, papaya, corn chips and salsa 
I'm still ill. Have to cancel my performance on thursday  not good. I also had a strange dream about The Maccabees last night.. aha!
im still in a bit of shock from last nite why isnt sree up  #bb10
I'm still in bed...sick  cough, stuffy nose, congested, I need to get better!   Silver Lake Pho...I need you!
Im still kind of sad about my phone.... And i just put in new ring tonnes that were awesome.... 
I'll be out tomorrow so I'm going to miss the live telecast of #notetogod in Italy.  Curses.
I'll be taking my little one to the airport to visit her Dad in Vegas in a couple of hours... I'm dreading it. 
I'll be tech free for the next 24 hrs....I hope the Cavs tie it up tonight, wish I could watch but I'll be in the middle of no where 
i'll be thereeee!!!!!!!!!!!! i swear  en otros asuntoos.... viendo friends 
I'll be upset if its too cloudy to see the sun come up. 
I'll be working OT today, 
ill buy it 
I'll cry if I have to work tomorrow 
I'll cry when I finish school :'( I'll miss all of them and I don't want to finish school, not now when were all friends 
Ill day  http://tinyurl.com/lokzup
I'll definitely missed the net, the aircon and many stuffs when I stayed on the dorm already.. 
I'll do anything... but it'll never be enough 
I'll follow you back asap, it's kinda easier using twitter in my computer compared to bb  http://myloc.me/4KOL
i'll give a kiss and say goodbye 
im still mad about my damn onion   
I'm still not feeling well. 
im still not feeling well. im so late for my class already. 
Im still NOT home  im soo tired and sleepy.
im still not quite grasping this twitter thing wish i could tho 
I'm still not really getting Twitter  Am i getting old?
Im still not sure how all this works!  
i'm still on bus! 
I'm still on this bus ~waaaah~ and we are just in Charlotte 
im still pissed i cant find this cd grrrrr!  http://bit.ly/I6aWl
i'm still pretty sad i couldn't go last summer...i missed she&amp;him  
i'm still really pissed about the story line changes in true blood  fu alan ball
i'm still really really tired!!! 
I'm still really sleepy though  #squarespace
I'm still sad big rig got kicked off daisy of love  hahahhaha lame way to end the weekend
im still sad. i cant watch david archuleta's concert here in manila. 
im still scratching 
i'm still secertly in love with you and i hate myself for it. 
I'm still shocked about what happened yesterday but I am looking forward for going to cinema with Marina &lt;3 hope it destracts me a ..  &lt;3
Im still sick  and im gettin other people sick too sorry
I'm still sick now.  Having bronchitis for again and again! Poor throat and vocal chords of mine though. 
im still single and lonely.. 
I'm still sleepy  gotta get ready for work 1 more ay to go..........
I'm still sleepy but have the dentist and it's my only day off until Sunday!  http://bit.ly/C807o
Im still so bummed Adam Lambert didn't win the title. BUMMER BUMMER BUMMER  Adam, adam, you're my american idol.
im still so cold 
I'm still so sad about my poem that got erased. I can't remember it at all  / Looking at Urban clothes online...How I wish I was rich.
im still so tired 
i'm still so tired 
im still so tired. insomnia -1 caitie -0 
I'm still soooooo sleepy....i don't wanna go to work. 
I'm still stiff and ready to rip my spine out. Ow! But it might feel better 
I'm still stuck here in LCCT, strapped up in the plane but can't take off. Did the pilot mention computer error? 
I'll go to the the dictor today I have somthing on my left arm 
I'll have the Casey Shraeger, open-faced sandwich.   #savetheunusuals. via http://twib.es/101
I'll have to put twitter updates on 'sleep' I think. I woke up with 33 new texts. Most were twitpics which I cant view on my phone 
I'll have to wear sports wear ... 
Ill Maaan,  Got The New Black Eyed Peas Album Playing Through.
Ill Make Those Skins L8r My Photoshop Keeps Crashing 
i'll melt in the heat soon, 
I'll miss Eli and Alex SO SO MUCH! they're so sweet! 
ill miss him soo much.  please cant i go 2 west?
I'll miss Kayla... hate to see her go  This tweet is dedicated to her
I'll miss my former school SOUTHERNSIDE MONTESSORI SCHOOL and also my friends there. 
I'll miss Sophie, Shade, and Bart...their dad will be home in the morning 
I'll miss u very much Candice.. Huhuhu.. 
I'LL MISS YOU LITTLE BUD   http://twitpic.com/6dksh
I'll miss you los angeles 
I'll miss you, Danny Gokey 
I'll never be a morning swimmer 
I'll never fall asleep 2night,.....sunburnt.....  even w/ 50SPF,I'll need another Aloe plant by the A.M!!
I really really wish that my SUV morphed into a rad hunk of decepticon ass-kicking metal. Wouldn't be half as cool as Optimus, though.  
I really really wish the iphone update was there..  lol
I really regret not staying in high school :/ I thought seeing everyone at prom would suck but seeing everyone's grad pics are killing me 
I really regret selling my copy of &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; at a garage sale, like, 4-5 years ago. 
I really regret signing up for 8 1/2 hrs of catering work today... I wanna go back to sleep 
I really should be going to bed...can't sleep 
I really should be studying for my next exam... Ahhh only 6 more years to go before I FINALLY finish uni 
i really should do laundry today. but i feel like crap 
i really should do the ironing its been in a pile downstairs for several days and it just keeps on getting bigger no matter how much i do 
i really should get going...but im stuck on ebay! 
I really should go to bed cause I need to he up on like 6 and a half hours for school  don't want to I can't be bothered
I really should have eaten dinner before class at 5pm. 
i really should treat my mother better 
i really shouldn't be allowed to do the washing - mostly ends in a desaster 
i really shouldn't have put all my eggs in one basket. He broke my heart 
I really shouldn't watch Aircraft Crash Investigations with the amount of flights I take. Scares the bejesus out of me. 
I really Sick Puppies were coming to Georgia 
I really start to 'seriously dislike' this country 
I really suck at Monopoly  This is why I love the game of LIFE.
I really suck at pinball 
I really suck at taking videos 
I really think death crapnetic has turned me off Alternica for good. 
I really think I should get dressed and decide what I'm going to do today.  Debating about Curves - but Amy isn't here to go with me. 
i really think my birthday is bad luck. my phone is freakin broken, soo now im using my moms old nokia phone until i figure something out 
I really think my doctor is a vampire... she is constantly demanding blood samples of me 
I really thought I was early enough to miss the Tobin traffic. Wrong 
I really tried to sweet talk my way out of this middle seat, but alas, to no avail. Five hours of bliss on this very full flight 
I really try to get 8 hrs of sleep in every night, but it's so hard to go to bed when most my twitbuddies are 6-9 hrs behind... 
I really wana go to the tattoo expo! 
I'll never get a summer holiday again! I work  loool, at least you'll be rolling in money! @slimthing19
I'll never get the chance again 
I'll never let go, jack. I'll never let go. 
i'll never see you again 
Ill never shake off this flu if I don't bloody rest! But my first bit of &quot;free&quot; time is Wednesday 
I'll never understand #GIT... 
I'll NOT tweet for 24 hours in memory of Air France. My time starts from 8/6/09 4:00 am - 9/6/09 4:00 am --&gt;Follow Me 
ill pay money to anyone who studies n give the exams for me 
I'll pick it out and post it again. Also bad luck to Vernon Kay losing agains Joe Calzaghe. I was cheering u on Vern! 
I'll play a little bit more of Assassin's Creed because tomorrow  i have to do homework of Algebra! oh Jesus! Why Algebra!!!! 
I'll probably forget to get A Farewell to Arms for English by Monday. Bleh. Working tomorrow 
I'll probably have to wear my Komen 3 day crew shirt they'll give me at crew day anyway. Oh well. 
ill probably never let the kids move out. too quiet and lonely w/o them 
I'll really start crying soon.. yesterday everything worked fine.. 
I'll regret it, but I'm going to see Drag Me to Hell today. Ugh... I really hope there's no annoying young folk. I hate PG/13 in theater 
I'll say good Knight now, have to work tomorrow and have the crud (again   )--back tomorrow night.
I'll show no repentance, I'll suffer with pride...  
i'll sleep a bit early today. having a garage sale tom for my org. which starts in the morning 
ill still be twittering when i dont have my laptop ill just do it from other computers but not as often im affraid 
I really wanna get over my ex wtf 2 do! 
i really wanna get sims 3 ce. but i mssed it 
I really wanna go back to bed, but the dogs won't let me 
I really wanna go camping. 
I REALLY wanna go out and kick it tonight but I gotta work in the A.M. No bueno... 
i really wanna go out tomorrow  hopefully angie magically comes across this and gets the hint! rawr
I really wanna go swimming right now 
i really wanna go to a @NKOTB concert but that'll probably never happen since they dont come to hawaii &amp; i cant go anywhere else 
I really wanna go to Australia with p!nk 
I really wanna go to MRHS grad tm, i hope my FACE gets better by tm morning 
I really wanna go to the Baltimore Zoo today cause i am so bored but i have a bad feeling that i will get lost on my way there 
i really wanna know whyyy people cant just be them selves instead of &quot;pretending&quot; to be someone else... geeez. oh well.. school  ill tweet
I really wanna learn how to harmonize by ear 
I really wanna make these cupcakes, but I don't think I have enough time... 
i really wanna murder the gay who did it it to my hair.. i swear, i'm not gonna go bacl to that salon.. EVER again.. 
I really wanna play basketball 
i really wanna see &quot;he's just not that into you&quot; but i have lame finals to study for... 
I really wanna see a 3D movie...never been 
I really wanna see Bruno but it's rated R so I have to wait for the DVD  P.S. I hate school
I really wanna see him, but im too stubborn to give in this time. I miss him. 
I really wanna see the Hangover. 
I really wanna see the morning light again. 
I really wanna see transformers 2nite! 
I really wanna sleep all night long but... I don't know if I will... 
I really wanna talk to Emily; but she really doesn't want to talk to me.  :'( *crys*
I really wanna watch House Pary but it's on BET  probably not
I really wannted to go somewhere to day but marlie didnt so i was stuck at home 
i really want @ddlovato to tour here soon  i would love to go see her again half an hour wasnt enough!
I really want @wilw's books for my birthday, but I don't think they'll come in time 
I REALLY want 3.0 released Monday! Please Apple! These Preple are making fun of me 
I really want 99 Bananas and ginger ale.  Getting ready, and heading west.
I really want a 12.00 soup and salad combo from the nordstrom cafe..... I can't fit that into my budget 
I really want a big salad 
I really want a camera! 
I really want a coffee toffee twisted frosty 
i really want a kitty, probably not gonna happen though 
i'll tell u what i'm NOT doing: getting nashville tix. makes me incredibly sad   
I'll try again tomorrow, but the paper goes to bed tomorrow night  Just a leetle disheartened tonight...
i'll try to do a better jobbut people keep sending me requests for quizes - i think i havwe 14 of them out there right now  
I'll turn right into your arms&lt;3 i want to so badly... But if i turn right i hit my wall... Where are you? 
I'll use these modules: Slax Core 6.1.1, smartmontools 5.38-1, LFTP+FTP Pack, sshd-activate... but it starts in the wrong runlevel 
I'll watch it now!! Forgive my tweets. I have been drinking. Luckily I can still find the backspave key. hmm sometimes  #lost #wftb #s1e10
I'll watch it now!! Forgive my tweets. I have been drinking. Luckily I can still find the backspave key. hmm sometimes  #lost #wftb #s1e11
ill, cold &amp; tired = not good!! 
ILL. I really hope it's not swine... 
Illuminati rules..and that's not just Luciferian wishful thinking... 
Illustrating cell division is easy, as compared to test tubes. Too many straight lines 
Illustrator just crashed and took Jewbacca with it. 
iLoseWeight for charity rejected by Apple for the app store. We have to remove all &quot;for charity&quot; cues.  wtf? #iloseweight#
Ilse was fantastic and my headache is back again... 
ILY bae...Missing HiiM 
ily my wall, i need more stuffs 
i'm  bout to cry 
I really want a milkshake. I have no money. 
I really want a new hoodie but they didn't have a single one in the men's section at Target. 
I really want a new job  not particually a better one, just a new one....
I really want a rasberry arizona 
I really want a shot of flaming sambuca, but I'm not allowed to start fires in the flat 
i really want a shrimp po boy!  #fb
I really want come to Dallas right now 
I really want exams to be over with already, but I still have 2 more weeks 
i really want him to win brownlow too 
I really want Jay Garrick's costume.  The hat would be impossible. http://tinyurl.com/n7v2b8
I really want Jon and Kate to stay together 
i really want lemonade from midway. why does it have to be all the way in seasidee 
i really want LV&amp;TT.  
I really want my CF card back off Sharon.. I want to be out taking pictures and being all creative n stuffs. Can't right now cause of her 
I really Want my T707 now! 
I really want one of those 6 dollar portebello mushroom burgers but there arnt any Carl Jr.'s around Atlanta this sucks 
i really want sims 3  lalallaa
i really want some crawfish right now 
I really want some Frosted Flakes, but i dont have any 
I really want Susan Boyle to win tonight, no one vote for that little girl that totally put on the water works last night. Poor Greg 
I really want sushi. Hopefully this weekend? 
i really want that blazer from mango 
I really want that little dog though...damn skeksis fools gotta ruin the party 
I really want the 'fairy dress' from Aritzia 
i REALLY want the Samsung Viceâ„¢ 
I really want the Sims 3 but I don't think I have enough memory in my pooter.  Lame! Need to delete stuff~~~
I really want The Sims 3. 
I really want this guy to like me. I'm always texting him (he's pretty much the only one I text) but Stephany likes him  BITCH -jkk ily=
i really want those dresses. they're cute.. oh well.. 
im  on mspace DEPRESED an very sad.. 
i'm  quickly loosing  followers, whats  happening    i think i've been kelly ripa 'd x
I'm  trying to live stream video of my dog via ustream during the day, but by the time I get to work the broadcast's offline.  #mypupsadie
I'm $400 poorer 4 a camshift position sensor...when it comes from OH. Apparently getting parts is an issue w/this car. 
i'm &quot;jakesick&quot; (ie. homesick for jake) and he lost his phone... no good night tonight?  
I'm @ CarrabbaLs celebrating a friends birthday..... So why do I feel so weird?...maybe b/c he use to be my best friend...... 
I'm @ Fant all by myself. Now I know how Carolyn feels on Thurs nights. 
im @ home tryna figure out why my best friend is mad @ me 
i'm @ starbucks sunway pyramid wifi-ing til night. apartment's internet srsly x boleh tahan. duno pay for wat also hardly can use 
im @ the eye doctors &amp; had to bring trinity with me cause my mom fell down the stairs today &amp; broke her toe. ugh 
I'm @ the Mall &amp; Laurens not here working for me to visit!    Not near as fun!
I'm @ work!!! They got me doing some stypid stuff ..... Anybody want to entertain me??? No??? Sad! 
im 17 with arthritis so bad in both knees that i woke up out my sleep, thanks alot cheerleading you ruined my life! in so much pain  .
I'm 19.47 years old. 
im 2 guilty 2 go on animal crossing, but ky won't go on 4 me!!! 
im 2 tired to stay up for my 1000th tweet  mann lol its friday and 9:20..ugh im so lame haha
Im 20 minutes early for my interview at priestly, so i will sit in the car + get warm first :/ dont like interviews. At all. Hate them. 
I'm 20 tomorrow, my teenage years are coming to an end 
I'm 26 yrs old why am I going grey? This does not make me happy 
i'm still stuffed from lunch. i have the worst metabolism in the world 
I'm still super tired and def don't want to go to work in like 30 mins 
I'm still tired  but I think ima start my day now.. Gmorning twiggaas!
I'm still tired  I miss fliss already
I'm still trying to get use to this whole twitter thing. It's slowly growing on me. Well exams tomorrow  goodnight kiddos
I'm still undecided.   hbu?
im still up  lol
im still up doing this effing speech. 
I'm still up. A workaholic never sleeps!!! I've had on the same socks since Friday morning. I forgot what my pillow feels like 
I'm still very sick I'm stuck in bed and taking another dose of antibiotics this one is called : Ciprofloxacin 
i'm still waitin for Reason 4 &amp; Logic Express 8 to come knocking at my door. *sigh* i CRAVE music production 
I'm still waiting for my iphone 3G S  
'I'm still waiting for the Explosion' I'll miss you margret.  #apprentice
I'm still waiting for the million - the sun did't take this long to appear 
I'm still waiting for the Oprah touch 
I'm still waiting on my letter... 
im still wet 
Im still working in my homework...im tired... 
I'm still working. 
I'm still yet to get any suggestions regarding #twitpic and not being able to get it to work... 
I'm stoked my hubby is coming home today! I was unable to go camiping with them. 
Im stranded at wal mart righ now. 
IM STRESS MY MAMA IS SICK, MY BABYMAMAS WONT LET ME C MY KIDS(CUZ WE NT 2GETHER) AND ITS RAINNIN 
I'm stressed  http://twitpic.com/7mthq
I'm stressed and sad. it's my birthday soon and I feel the worst I think I've felt this entire year. why is time constantly against me? 
Im struggling to buy my textbook... 
I'm stuck @ home with the flu. 
im stuck at work in the stock room which is extremely warm... 
I'm stuck at work while 160 Haralson's are destroying craigslist cruisers 
I'm 5% less stressed that earlier with breaking dawn! Gosh! Its gna be anothe 5 chapters before I'm ok! I think? Missing Ikeeyy!  nighty
I'm a Bad Boy of Comedy. Mom won't give me dessert 
I'm a bad friend  I missed St. Candi's day! Happy belated birthday, @CandiiD! Hope it was a good one!
I'm a bad person, friend, employee today. I'm sorry. To everyone. 
im a bad twitter 
I'm a BIG Fan of Ryan Sheckler, and i have every product of his. I wanted to meet him in London  Hope i get to meet you soon Ry. Peace.
I'm a big sicko, hope I don't get my Chikis sick!!! 
im a bit bored now 
Im a bit disappointed that there was no filming after college today  But atleast i got to home  early.
I'm a bit lonely today,  Dont know why.
i'm a bit tired and have a little headache.  hope it will disappear soon.
im a bitch and i tell people to cut dem selfs 
I'm a bucket full of lonesome without Lauren. Who else has a mexican bed with random men underneath it? 
I'm a bug's dream  8 new bites from last night.
i'm a bundle of worry...too much on the brain to get my four hours of sleep 
I'm a complete idiot 
I'm a complete idiot. Was meant to be at a VMWare/Netapp seminar this morning and completely forgot 
I'm a DNS for the Puffing Billy Great Train Race tomorrow. Disappointing but I'm not in good form at the moment, run down and ITB issues 
I'm a failure...didn't finish the garden 
im a fucking ninja at flips! a ninja who misses his gf 
I really want to be in London watching JB and DL  .... well not impressed!
i really want to be out in the sun 
I really want to buy 'And Tango Makes Three', but it's 20$. 
I really want to buy some DVDs, but it might a good idea to fix the heat issue with the PC instead. 
i really want to call him but what if he answers? D: i wouldnt know what to say  i just want to leave a message.  i hope he calls me.
I really want to chrystina on the phone she keeps on post poning the interview and it makes me sad  but I still love her fosho !! Holla !!
i really want to feel better now. I think me bein sick will affect my &quot;drum-tastic-ness&quot;. 
I really want to finish school this week, not next week 
I really want to get my old faithfuls fixed...I miss them! 
i really want to go and see ricky gervais 
i really want to go and see 'wicked the musical' in sydney 
I really want to go back to Pakiland .. 
I REALLY want to go get Moe's. But I don't wanna go alone. 
I really want to go on the computer but my bratty sister is hogging it again 
i really want to go outside and sunbathe... but i don't wanna end up like i did  and i'm still sore! 
I really want to go shopping but I still have a little over 3 weeks till I can go again 
I really want to go swimming but no one seems to be available 
I really want to go to Cardiff.. why is just that bit too far away for a realistic day trip 
I really want to go to Disneyland right now 
I really want to go to Humble Art's Party tomorrow, but probably have to work overtime again. 
I really want to go to milwaukee but my sis doesn't want to  well she won't tell me
i really want to go to the cinema today as well  Guess I'll have to settle for a DVD
I really want to go to the Florida Aquarium! 
I really want to go to the IAMX show on the 9th in San Francisco. 
I really want to go to the US during the summer, but I only get 20 days of vacation. Hating this 
I really want to like Morningwood, but they provided the theme song for &quot;Daisy of Love&quot; which is almost unforgivable in my book! 
I really want to like weilands but their prices are so high and organic/local produce is almost nonexistant.  
i really want to marry leighton meester. damn, can`t take my eyes of her. 
I really want to play Donkey kong right now...... 
I really want to play final fantasy 8 again. 
i really want to see &quot;away we go&quot;! but it was only released to limited theaters and the nearest one is in NYC  
I really want to see &quot;up&quot;. 
I really want to see Boys Like Girls tonight! 
I'm stuck in a car with 3 ppl i hate the most...help me 
I'm stuck in bed, my belly hurts that much I can't get up 
im stuck in south texas where its hot sticky never snows the last time it snowed was in 2004 and in another 200 yrs it will snow again!!! 
I'm stuck on Soviet intolerance of diversity   What were they intolerant of???
Im stuck upsidedown on this carni ride 
im stuck with my new mosaic, dunno how to cut tiny tiles and every time i try they fall in2 thousands&amp;million pieces  any suggestions.?.
Im stucked in heavy pain on the way to home. 
im studing electrical eng... its so hard... 
I'm studing, but it's too hot 
I'm studying for a biology test that seems impossible. Please god, let this test be postponed until Thursday.  http://bit.ly/Ixk5P
im studying for my chem exam 
Im studying for the exams... 
im stupid. it was one night and now i could be label for life because of it! 
i'm such a bad boy 
I'm such a bad bunny mommy 
im such a bor to day cause im tierd , crankey and upset  im sorry &lt;/3 x
i'm such a bum out when i have to work early  
I'm such a child. Threw a massive hissy-fit that I was outbid for my micro-kiln. I'd gotten my hopes up about getting it, had made plans 
I'm such a crybaby. Flicka was on and I'm bawlin my eyes out. I hate movies about horses dyin, makes me miss Buddy sooooo much 
I'm such a failure 
i'm such a fatass, &amp; i know this too, which is why i'm currently eating ricecakes rather then deep frying frys like i want 
I'm such a flop, but I really feel like crap. Sorry meeting 
I'm such a girl omg why does this ending make me cry  ahahahahha jfc
I'm such a loserrrrrrrr!!! I thought I'd taken a pic of my FKC post for today and I hadn't!!!  Now I'm done and I can't even post!!! 
I'm such a moody, envious bitch 
I'm such a nuisance 
I really want to see Jensen &amp; Jared again! Not going to Comic-con this year. Sold out.  Must go to the SPN convention in LA next yr!
I really want to see the guy i am crushing on  ~Hadley~
i really want to see up today. it seems no one else my age feels the same way 
I really want to spin today, but I must pack. 
I really want to take a walk but the sun isn't up yet 
I really want to travel to Oslo tonight! 
I really want to watch the You Belong With Me music video, but it's not on youtube. 
I really want to watch Twilight but the name Edward Cullen sounds too much like another &quot;EC&quot; name. :| 
I really want to watch Zoey 101 
I really want waffles for breakfast but we have no mix 
i really want yam fries  i miss real dinners, bleh
I really want/need photoshop on my mac. My windows craptop finally decided to fart and say it can't run photoshop anymore 
i really wanted 2 go 2 ....  Woke up @ 5am 2 get my day goin,aye but i just always gotta put my son  first,sowwie Lakers no parade 4me 
I really wanted 2 go 2 the New Moon set... 
i really wanted a lie in today but my body clock woke me up at 8 
I really wanted a thunderstorm tonight 
I really wanted the Cavs to win. 
i REALLY wanted the job as a &quot;PRO Wrestler&quot; but 6hours travel a day is a bit much 
i really wanted to go to the mmvas. soooo bad  why doesnt anything happen in mtl?
I really wanted to go. 
I really wanted to make it to pooram this year 
I really wanted to watch Mary Poppins and sing along. 
I really wants to go see star trek right now 
I really wanttodays woot shirt 
I really what my wife to be happy more than anything! I miss her! If I could do anything it would be that! I feel so sad inside! 
I really wish #twitterberry had a retweet feature 
i really wish all time low was gonna be at warped tour 
I really wish hed send a twitpic 
I really wish http://www.mint.com was available in Germany. An app that looks so very useful, yet I can't use it bc of that.  #mint.com
I really wish I could do more to help in Iran ._.  I would do anything to be able to help more 
I really wish I could get $1000 for Thailand 
i really wish i could get this disgusting smell out of my nose. 
I really wish I could go out tonight but homework is always in the way. During summer 2 I really won't have a life 
i REALLY wish i could go to oakenfold tonight...... 
i really wish i could have gone to the NIN concert with my friends from NY~~ it's one of their last too 
I really wish I could just get a bomb ass massage right now 
I really wish I could remember what photo I uploaded to flickr on jan 30th, 2008 that made explore that I deleted.... 
Im such a sucker for color - - wanting to dye my hair again dnt know what color tho 
im such a wimp, last night i watched the dawsons creek series finally and cried-again!!  then i watched the wedding date which was sad too
I'm such an idiot...  
I'm sucking at life right now 
I'm sucking up tears cuz I just found out Jennie is moving to Texas this year  AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!
I'm suddenly exhausted. 
I'm suddenly feeling very depressed 
im suddenly very worried about 'new moon', i love the books so i really hope they do it justice. 'obi wan' that does worry me 
I'm suddently TOTALLY and utterly in love with @DavidArchie  shame you don't know i exist!
I'm sunburned on my nose.  
i'm sunburt!!! again!!!!!  x
i'm super bored...i have nothing to do tomorrow 
I'm super congested and my sinuses hurt. 
I'm super disappointed that i'm gonna miss out on the 4th flame concert I've tried to go to in about a year... 
I'm super excited that summer is here! i really wish i could afford to go to new york see the Jonas brothers on the today show Friday 
i'm super hungry. where's dinner.? 
i'm super nervous about this. my heart's beating so fast right now. WHAT DID I DO!? 
I'm super nervous for badminton. Hopefuly I won't screw up. 
Im Super Sick And The Only Thing That Will Make Me Feel Better Is My Hello Kitty Necklace But Its Sold Out 
I'm super sick now I don't know what's going on man  thought I was better COUGH COUGH where's my gwape medicine !???
im super sleepy but dnt wanna sleep yet cz i know ill jst wake up like 3 hours later 
Im super tired   i have to go to bed now or i gonna be really grump !!!!
I'm super tired today. Ugh.  and I want a strawberry limeaid from sonic.
I'm super tired, have so much more packing to do and my bf won't answer his phone. I'm not in a good mood right now 
I'm super tired. I think I spent too much time out in the sun. 
I'm supposed 2 hav 26 pts. daily. Accordng 2 ths site Sue shared w/ me, I'd 45.5 points yesterday  http://trunc.it/kj1v
im supposed to be @ sports day but i've gota bllod coubt and thyroid test  my hearts a bit mucked up-like the rest of me ba ha
I'm supposed to be getting warmed up to play football and securing my place in the final at Wembley but it's cancelled and i'm gutted 
I'm supposed to be home by now. But I'm still here in the office, waiting for my interviewees to confirm. I'm so hungry. Really. 
Im a hill. 
I'm a hopeless romantic and a fool in love. Sadly, in today's world, that just makes me a complete fucking moron!! 
I'm a horrible daughter.. I already saw my mom like 10 times and didn't say happy mothers day.. I forgot! 
I'm a junior! Aww I made it so close to not crying today! 
im a letter away from having my 3 best friends w me today. got the b, got the r, miss the l like whoa 
I'm a liar! I wish i could tell you how i feel about you 
im a lil upset cause im missing my neices grad 
im a little bit bored right now 
I'm a little bit upset that the local PBS station won't be showing the premier of Chess in concert until 2AM! 
I'm a little bummed that several people who really wanted to attend the minireunion are not able to make it. 
i'm a little disappointed that pavel nedved decided to retire. actually i'm really sad 
i'm a little disappointed with my screen printing stencils. took forever to wash out and now its ruined bits 
i'm a little sad 
I'm a little sad that all my spam friends have been deleted. 
I'm a little sad today   I don't know why.
I'm a little tired today. 6:30 was too early to get up (Ziggy) 
I'm a little tired, a little hungry. I don't want to go to work. Noooooooooo 
im a little upset i won't be seeing @thepatbrown &amp; dylan (@modsun) tomorrow. is the semester show really sold out?? 
I'm a little upset that I can't sleep past 9:00 AM anymore....stupid work schedule screwed up my lazy sleeping schedule 
i'm a livejournal reject, lol.. i can't get the background image i want... and when i try to see my page, it tells me no... 
I'm a loner in school today, my best friend is ill 
im a meenn  i wanna cry omg im so ugly   tonta you undertand me...your are the only 
i'm supposed to be in Barcelona right now. 
I'm supposed to be on a &quot;voice&quot; rest. I can't do it.  I wish I could because at the end of the day, my voice is only a whisper. 
I'm supposed to be studying for tests! 
I'm supposed to be thinner than this by now . . . 
I'm supposed to be watching The Ellen DeGeneres Show, but I guess it's another replay. 
i'm supposed to do a davidcookinmanila video montage right now. god. but i'm getting freaking lonely vibes. 
I'm supposed to go to movies and lunch with a friend, now I'm sort of wishing I wasn't going - it's so hot down here, I hate the heat 
im suprised that i actually have plp following me.all though i only have 2 
im sure i recognize him from somewere  SCARY   if he stares at u agen give him dirtys or put ur finger up n see wt he does 
I'm sure I used to have a life  sat watching BGT on me todd wiv a bottle of bud 
I'm sure jim will have the best breakfast at another broken egg in destin 
im sure there is a law were u must sell what is advertised, not some cheap crap alternative, not happy and i will be letting argos know 
i'm surprised.. 
I'm surprised... usually anime finales suck but Code Geass was pretty damn awesome and now I'm sad.  
I'm surrounded by people I don't know and people I haven't seen in ages. I should be at BAMBOOZLE right now! 
I'm sweating buckets here... it doesn't pay to be overweight in humidity. 
I'm taking a coffee break, my back is killing me!!!!   
i'm taking away all the good luck of my friends so that i may have a good year 
I really wish I could sing 
I really wish I could sleep 
i really wish i didnt hate weaing socks to bed. 
I really wish I got my haircut on Saturday 
I really wish i had a coffee now. Only had time for one this morning. 
I really wish I had abc family so I could be watching the season finale of greek right now 
i really wish i had gone down the coast instead of the valley on saturday night  
i really wish i had no exams left like some people 
i really wish i had no homework 
I really wish I had some of those foot petals for my new very uncomfy polka dot sandals I'll be wearing around the pool at XBiz!! 
I really wish I had The Office seasons 1-4. 
I really wish I had today off 
I really wish I was allowed to wear shorts to work 
I really wish I was anywhere but home right now. I miss my old life  I wanna be 5 again
I really wish I was back in florida  we just hit Alabama, damn.
I really wish I was in Japan right now  Zanessa's in an asian country, and i have exams. POOP FACE!
I really wish I were in NJ with everyone else 
I really wish I would have gone to the gym with @bryan75kelly...Im home alone now...I shouldn't have gone back to bed, 
I really wish Ithaca didn't have such crappy internet so I could listen to the Bruins game. 
I REALLY wish Miley's &quot;The Climb&quot; weren't stuck in my head 
I really wish more people I know were on twitter 
I really wish my can driver would wear his glasses he's like 100yrs old ! He's squinting 
i really wish my computer didnt get a virus  
I really wish my hair grew faster... 
I really wish Perry didnthave class so early 
i really wish school was over :| only a week and a half left. so dreadfully tired... 
I really wish Stephen wouldn't of joined the National Guard. And now Daniel's joining the Navy. Sigh. 
i really wish team fortress 2 had local mp on the 360. it would replace xiii as our game du jour i'm certain.  
I really wish that I won sox tickets tonight 
I really wish these were  wearable.  http://bit.ly/gQARz
i really wish this migrane would go away 
I really wish tomorrow wasn't Monday 
i really wish twitter would let me update from my phone 
I really wish we didnt have to go away the summer. Im goin to miss you so much babe 
I really wish you could tweet more than 140 characters.... 
I really wished they hadn't dumped me back on the phones. I'd much rather be doing paperwork right now 
I really wnt Yogurt Island!. I hvent been in a while. 
i really wonna get to 1000th updates to catch up with everyone  people need to speak to me to help me raise it up and become popular :L x
I really would like a book to read! 
i really would like a whole day where i dont think about h.w and i dont have nething due. 
i really would love to make banana bread, but i have no bananas  but i'm going to make brownies for justin(:
im talking to my bf right now. he says we need to talk......... he just dumped me.  tears are falling down my face. i love him.
I'm talking to my friends on Msn. We are al together in one conversation. It's really funny. But some of them have to go in a few minutes 
I'm talking to this boy that I might like, but the date isn't til friday oh nos  Here is me and a filing cabinet. http://twitpic.com/6eufr
Im tearing the place asunder lukn for my passport    Hope its not in my ex's as def will need a new one then!! lol fingers crossed for me!
I'm tempted to sign up for a review copy of Jasper Jones at Booktagger. Problem is that I'm moving in like a week. 
im terribly bored!!! I thot twiter was supposed to solve that?!! 
i'm terribly tired 
im terrified about this exam this afternoon....wish i was joking but im not 
I'm testing my layout......and it sucks...  TIME TO CHANGE!!(:
I'm texting his dad and it is so awkward? mom didn't cook anything today &amp; swimming plans is cancelled 
I'm the brains of my gang. Tried to call the looks but my friend got dibs  Wish I was the wild card though.
I'm the casino cooler right now 
Im the fool in love with the fool in love with her  &lt;Que sera, sera!&gt;
I'm the muthafuckin Dynamo of Volition. Wait, nevermind, thats not me 
I'm the nerd that brought my books on my roadtrip... Lol I'm tellin u, Nursing school really commands my life 
I'm the nice girl, the one they want a whole classroom filled with..i used to be proud of it but now it's working against me 
Im the only 1 in science  xox
im the only 1 that hasn't caught a fishy 
i'm the only 1 who haven't learnt the lessons of life properly 
Im the only gal on the shoot  - http://mobypicture.com/?qprclp
I'm the only nonsick nonsleepy person I know.  nobody wants to do anything.
I'm the only one I know who LOVES fruitcake. 
I'm the only one in class 
I'm the only one left at home again.. 
Im the only one on my row, 
I'm the only person who would forget about jean day at Hitcents 
I'm the only person without a flight buddy maï¿½ana! Sadness 
Im the only single person in the room 
im the shxt! yeahhhhh. really tired. 
I'm the typo queen, guys. 
I'm the weak tit on this Momma cat. 
Im the worst big sister ever 
I'm the worst person to buy sweets for. I bought a mini carrot cake on monday. Haven't touched it since &amp; probably won't eat any of it.  
I'm the worst! I wish my Shmister wasn't asleep! She's leaving tomorrow, and I messed up any hanging out we could have done tonight. 
im thinkin bout gettin my nose pierced tmrw since im OFF WORK but idk yet cuz i dnt wana regret it lata  help!
I'm thinkin crab legs 4 lunch... that sounds like a winner doesn't it? A slurpee with that would be great. No 7-eleven in walkin distance 
I'm thinkin of turnin off the radio...too much of the same gick 
Im thinkin that swimming would be the best idea at the moment considering im dying of heat and my AC is broken 
Im thinkin wasnt so smart to skip the sun screen today. can anyone say Lobster 
I'm thinking about eating a blueberry bagel with cream cheese.Now I just have to get off twitter &amp; walk downstairs to the kitchen. 
I really would love to watch Legally Blonde but I don't know where it is 
I really, really hate documentation. I feel so slow and my work are nowhere as aesthetic as the work of professional Excel developers. 
I really, REALLY hate earthquakes 
I really, really hate when my babies are sick. my 5 year old just had a puking rally.  I want her to feel better now!
I really, really hate yard sales. This is the 2nd one in 2 days.  I'm sitting on the porch with my laptop being attacked by bugs.
I really, really want to start writing again. But I am not inspired yet. 
I really, really wish I could cook.... 
I really, really wish I'd known all the stuff James is telling me right now BEFORE I agreed to come tonight. 
I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY dislike Human Geography right now. 
i really, really, really don't like singapore! 
I really, really, really miss my boyfriend 
I really, really, really need to find a way to work outside. I've done as much planning and reading as I can in the sun 
I really, really.. don`t understand how to use Twitter!! 
i reallyreally want milk to eat my cocopops 
i reallyy want to meet the kardashians 
I reallyyy want to c transformers at midnite, but I haven't been acting well around the house so I can already tell that will be a big NO 
i reallyyyy need a day off for hiking adventures!  sooooon hoepfully!
I reallyyyy need to get a second job. Brrrroookkkkeeee 
I reallyyyy wanna startt like one of my 7 video's ..but I gotta finish this episode 
I reallyyyy wish Miley &amp; Mandy make a new youtube video soon...  haha
i reallyyyyyy dnt feel lik going to class today im so tired n achy but im up n i gotta pass this class so i gotta get ready now 
i realy don't feel like studying math  hate math!! boring and hard
i realy miss my mom  new york is awesome i just saw shrek the musical ITS AWESOME !!!!!!!! IF UR IN NEW YORK GO WATCH IT !
i realy need to go,, my mom will kill me  good nightttttt xoxo
i realy realy dont want to go back to school tomorrow 
i realy want a mars rugby ball but its almost impossible to get 1 
I rearranged my class schedule to get that art class in and another art history class...  I just have to use more vacation time 
I received mail saying I have new followers but when I click t see. Nothing! Why!  Teach me anyone?
I received no text message. Guess sunday is all we have to have fun again  nyaks! may meeting pala ang metro  SAD.
I recently got a heat boil right at the end of my arm.. finding ways to get rid of it.. It stings a lot!!!! 
I recieved my very first Bzz Campaign last night. I am so very excited to start the bzz, but I have to wait until the end of June 
im a mess!just tried to shower and almost collasped.this is what happens when all uv eat is medicine since last friday.im weak 
im a nerd got first in history. its really scary, i hardly never pass anythingggg. 
I'm a newbie to twitter and I'm not sure what to make of it.  I really should be sleeping 
im a noob for this 
I'm a PC, but I really want to be a MAC. 
Im a poor guy that dont how to play in facebook...  ....huhuhuhuhu.... 
i'm a possum murderer!   he didn't stand a chance 
I'm a pretty sad right now. One of my favourite wrestlers died this weekend, while competing... 
i'm a prisoner of sleep!!! i want to just shut my eyes.. but i still don't know how to balance equations 
I'm a sad panda, hulu doesn't have the elephant show   no Skinnamarinkydinkydink sing alongs for me.
I'm a selfish person and a mean daughter...I guess there are some things you never grow out of 
I'm a sleep-zombie this morning. At least I only have to expand my cells then get the heck outta there. Too bad Zach leaves at 2. 
I'm a snot machine again 
im a spam online... 
I'm a Star Trek Fan so I been saw that.(Great movie) Haven't seen Terminator yet(eventhough I'm a Huge Fan of that too)  ...Gotta see it.
I'm a stupidly worried for my BF who is on a Air France flight right now 
I'm a sucker for anything with a piano. 
I'm a sucker for stickers. Got cheated again  lousy stickers!! &gt;:/
i'm a tad disappointed but really trying not to be a a dick about it. shittttt 
I'm a tomato in spite of sunscreen.  
i'm a turtle and i can't move. my shell, err, my back aches like hell. i'm getting old and i need a massage  and i forgot to eat. poor me.
I'm a Twitter Whore.  Oh no!
I'm a twitterholic I need to go to twithab 
im aawake now but im not ready 2 start packin....need sum helping hands 
im about 2 cry...my pic isn't showing up 
I'm about to be back @ work. B day over 
Im about to cry. Idk my science exam. And nobody know it. Like wtf? 
I'm about to die- been gardening in the blazing sun, and I need to get it finished today 
I reeeaaally have to pee but I can't leave my desk  40 more minutes....
I reeeeeally need to get around to writing that blog post. it's a really good one but I just haven't found the time! gah! 
I reeeeeeeeeally want a new camera  but its Â£199. It'll have to wait til July pay day... wish I didn't do a grand online shop now! he he
I refuse to be 'little miss backup' 
i refuse to belive that picture of @mileycyrus its not her 
I refuse to celebrate #National Doughnut Day until I can celebrate with an @dunkindonuts chocolate glazed. Guess I have to wait till Sept 
I refuse to eat fried chicken ever again. Puking your brains out is not fun.  &lt;---emily*
I refuse to fall asleep till all the problems in my life are fixed OR I learn not to care about them.  No luck with either so no sleep 
I refuse to sleep. If I sleep, then that means that this weekend is over. Noooo 
I REFUSE to work 12hrs today. 
i regret eating that pizza me + lauren bought, i feels ill noww 
I regret not joining the Ravelry WoW guild when it was just forming (and more knit-themed names were available) but I have too many alts. 
i regret rolling around on the oval, im all itchy now 
i regret that last tweet as @justinhidalgo just texted me saying &quot;need proactiv?&quot; 
i reinstall tweetdeck, but it doesnt work properly again 
i remain faithful to the dark lord and i always will be harry potter will DIE!! but he wins in the end and my dark lord bites the dust 
I remeber the year 1991 and 1992 when I lived in the USA. Since then I havenÂ´t been there anymore 
i remember feeling so stupid on my first day of college two years ago. oh no,  wait... i think im feeling it all over again. HELLO STUPE. 
I remember like it was yesterday .. I miss you 
I remember my friend driving like 5mph in a 35mph zone to drop me off because the end was so near 
i remember that somebody was hug me through sunshine last fall 
I remember when &quot;14 days til end of the qtr&quot; meant 14 days til a bonus. Ah, nostalgia. 
im about to eat Souplantation again! lol no more strawberry theme 
i'm about to enroll in the most intense summer school courses ahh...i guess i might be gone aug-sept afterall 
im about to explode into tears seeing my friend's pictures of GMA; she was so close! 
I'm about to get in the shower! ;) I'm a bit sad finding out NOW that Playboy's casting at the mansion. I would have held off till then! 
I'm about to go lay down...breakfast made my tummy hurt... 
I'm about to go out to a party. It sucks cuz I'm really sleepy and hungry. I don't wanna go 
I'm about to go to bed and u party animals are hanging out 
I'm about to go to my boyfriends house. The poor boy is sick. 
I'm about to head out and jump on my Bedrocc and finish twiterin' 
im about to hop in the shower 
i'm about to passout. i think i'm slowly dying... 
i'm about to rip my spine out  it hurts so much
I'm about to see the greatest singer ever: Peter Murphy!!! In two hours.  Until then, I stand awkwardly in the club.
i'm about to sleep. got a full day tomorrow. dang it's hot up in my room. 
im absolutely gutted  cant go to america now.
im actually about to fall asleep...Because if you thought business studies was bad now i have to move onto CHEMISTRY! 
Im actually done socials now! I got a really shitty mark though 
im actually frozen :| 
i'm actually going to by clips for my hair. but i guess i'll have to go with a orange one instead of a yellow... can't find any  oh well.
im actually gonna miss sarah 
i'm actually gonna miss track until next year 
I'm actually gutted. Danny isn't coming out tonight. 
im actually lobster red on my arms, and casper white on my legs. sooo not a good look 
Im actually loving the Killers at the moment, especially Hot Fuss, and Human, TUNE! grrr work time, and on such a lovely day  PISSTAKE!
i'm actually not so fussed on swine flu....until it hits me. 
im thinking about him 
im thinking about maybe getting some friends on here since i dont have any 
I'm thinking about my school!! 
I'm thinking back on the past, It's true that time is flying by too fast. 
Im thinking DAMN i fucked up and wasn't thinking...now im paying the price!!!  
I'm thinking I don't think that @slawnorder has device updates turned on for my tweets. 
I'm thinking I should have taken longer on the analysis I was asked to do - now I have no interesting jobs for this afternoon 
I'm thinking I think my twitter profile looks really cute right now... and I really miss new york 
I'm thinking my body clock is completely messed up...*sigh* Why did I not get tickets for the JB concert tonight??? 
I'm thinking my dog is not happy to be home from his week-long play date. He's all mopey now.  
I'm thinking of getting the game called Wii. But that means I would have to break a sweat.. 
I'm thinking of making something fancy for dinner tonight....but fancy is never fast  Thinking, thinking, thinking!
im thinking of wrttingreli short poem type things hykous or w/e der called u knw to reli inspire ppl my 1 below about soup is gd  &amp;tru 
I'm thinking online retail therapy. Cliche, I know  But what I really need is *not* going to happen. Ok, I'm off the pity pot now
I'm thinking that there's a big conflict w/ next Friday's plans  Please,please,please tell me it's not so!  Been waiting so long for this!
i'm thinking that tonight's plans are not gonna happen. sigh...sadface. i shouldn't be surprised, but i am. 
Im thinking too much, ang my brains acting bad. People here are baaad! To me. 
I'm thinking your chest probably isn't supposed to vibrate when you cough  STUPID deep chest cough
I'm thinking.. (: SCHOOL tomorrow. not fun. 
i'm thinking: this person is an asshole!! &gt;=[ 
I'm thirsty and I didn't get any video of the bitch who ate it 
i'm thirsty and i want nestea but there isn't any! 
im thisclose to whoring myself out on the street for 100 bucks an hour. i'd only have to do it like three times to have enough 
I'm thoughtful today and a little bit sad, staying in front of the computer. I've made a choice at work that realize isn't good to me. 
I'm throwing cheese at my dog to catch in mid air what happens when yu little black book is dusty 
I'm tidying  I feel In Ashtons chucking pot noodle and hurting my ass  HILLS WAS AMAZING THO (L)
I'm tight ; mad liqour and I can't drink; cortisone pills and antibiotics for my formerly big lip 
I'm timed out right now 
Im tipping back on a computer chair... I hope i dont fall and hit my head on the coffie table behind me 
I'm tired  but unfortunately I have to be on the road
I'm tired  didn't do anything all day! except went to the craft store to get some hemp string :]
i'm tired  drunk people are....difficult.  UPDATE: new iPhone = MONDAY!!! @ #WWDC
I'm tired  I had another dream last night this time I think I was kissing DMX lmao what the hell is wrong with me
I'm tired &amp; wish I went on more rides  I want @Blynn12's iPhone.
I'm tired , school now 
I'm tired .. Boo   And also hating that the cold and rain is back  Good day to spend in bed!
I'm tired and dreading going to work 
I'm tired and going to bed now. And I totally feel like throwing up. Ugh 
I'm tired and i kinda don't feel good. I think I might go to bed. 
I'm tired and I want one of Rose's kittens.  Why must you be 1,600 miles away from meeeeeeee 
I'm tired and it's storming. 
I'm tired and ready to go eat lunch. Damn lab 
Im tired and sick.....   I dont want to go back to work!
Im tired and waiting for levi to call 
I'm tired as hell and I got bamboozled by the mechanic today. Maybe tomorrow will be better 
im tired blahh cant sleep bad images of the love of my life,,,,, 
im tired but cant sleep 
im tired but cant sleep  so im tweeting rannddoomm people. lol
I'm tired but cnt sleep  a deer almost hit our parked car &amp; I was like uh what a dumb deer !!
I'm tired but I can't sleep  Anne come sing me a song
Im tired but i cant sleep it sucks 
I'm tired but I can't sleep. Too much on my mind 
Im tired but i think when i lie in bed i can't fall asleep.. 
I remember when I could roll out of bed and just walk 5 minutes to the beach... Now its going to take me forever 
I remember when I was sitting next to T-Pain for time 2 years ago &amp; never realised it was him till the morning after  Deeeep!!!
I remember when we kissed, i still feel it on my lips, the time that you danced with me, with no music playing.. 
I remember why I sometimes have a hard time with these type of shows..you get attached to someone and then they die 
I remembered the toothpaste and forgot the toothbrush. Smooth. 
I remembered today why I don't go to school with a migraine. Because I get nothing done and I forget things easily. 
I remembered, @_Cel_ I love youuuuuuu 
I removed the clothes I can no longer wear from my closet...here's all the hangers left: http://twitpic.com/6dff8 ...exercise starts now 
I rented it 
I repeat, I hate twitterberry!!!!! Somebody fix my Uber. 
I repeat... Dont drink the water out of the Trinity fountain. It will make you sick. 
I REPEAT: WHY IS TIME SO DAMN OBSESSED WITH TWITTER? And why does Time India have so few of Joel and Lev's articles?   
i reset my phone all my numbers all gone 
i retract my damning of palm, as my work wifi has the ports needed for the app catalog blocked apparently. i fail at the interwebz 
i returned my harp months ago cause i knew i'd be leaving but i went downstairs to play it this morning and then remembered it was gone 
i rickrolled beth, its just not the same without sound 
I ripped half of one of my finger nails off yesterday, and now it's bleeding again  yummmm.
i ripped the butt of my cute rock and republic jeans by doing the post-wash stretch  fml..
i rllllyyy dont feel like studying envirooo 
I rly rly wanted to go see the prodigy  and I DON'T want to spend two nights in dublin!!
I rly want to watch terminator pls! 
i rly wish i could make him fall in love w/me all over again  i miss the old days...it was everything i ever wanted. -Dreams2Reality
i rolled &gt;600m but the king still was complaining 
I ruin everything. And not the door is closing. Does that mean one will open up? 
I run outside in spandex/t shirt to get my deodorant/gatorade from the car. it's freezing &amp; I can't find the car. my stuff was in my bag. 
I'm actually pretty sad about lc leaving the hills 
I'm actually quite sad about the Air France mystery 
I'm actually quite sad that The Apprentice is over, Wednesday nights will become boring once again  x
I'm actually really scared for Bio.... 
I'm actually sad imun's over!  - http://tweet.sg
I'm actually sad that I'm leaving juniors.. I made sum awsome friends here 
Im actually so bored 
I'm actually so cold  I need a boyfriend. :L
i'm actually starting to miss school, i feel like i need to reconnect with all my friends that i never see anymore 
I'm actually still confused about some things in Twitter 
I'm actually thinking of marching to my nearest post office centre thing, to bug the about why it;s taking so long for LVATT  idiots
I'm actually wishing that I had to work today. My boys are cranky from the late night and are making me absolutely mental right now. 
Im actualy gonna tell twitter what im doing! In the car, my dad listens to all the depressing country 
I'm addicted 2 pot 
I'm addicted on twitter, and it has big influence on my charge  dear telkomsel, would you decrease internet cost?
I'm addicted to all those wars games on facebook but they keep crashing and i've not been on for days 
I'm afraid I am suffering the effects of too much sun. Migraine, sun burn and wicked thirst. Gonna go lay down. 
Im afraid my parents are on the verge of divorce.... 
I'm afraid of traffic cones.  I don't like driving near them.  They freak me out. 
im afraid people will treat me differently 
im afraid something really bad is gonna happen on June 13th  imagine those possibilities
I'm AGAIN listening to Confessions of a Broken Heart.  Getting ready to go to school soon...    I'll mis my computer.
I rushed home to watch the Lakers and Orlando... there not on tonight 
I sad goodbye to a friend that left the town.How many souls from my spiritual family do I have to be physically separated from? 
I said &quot;Have a great day!&quot; to this man today &amp; his reply was &quot;I don't have great days anymore. Just mediocre ones.&quot; Sad 
i said &quot;hello&quot; to a gal to chat wid her and she replies &quot;hi....i gotta go bye&quot; .... oh man wat a draag.... 
i said a trim but he cut it all off 
I SAID I NEED IT ----no me's now need sleep...my Angel's no where 2b found........   Knighty knight @nkotb sweet dreams jkIdreamofu
i said im so much better witout u , but it just anthr pretty lie cuz i breakdown evrtime u came around  - @ddlovato
I said it before, and I'll say it again: the expensiveness of plane tickets + lack of job = death to my sense of spontaneity. 
I said it sarcastically cuz geo was bullshitting me all fucking morning. 
I sat on a snail. 
I sat on the couch to watch the Final Leno last night....   woke up @ 3am  I hate when that happens. thats the tv w/o DVR too. dang it
I saw &quot;The Pianist&quot; shortly after midnight (missed the beginning about 45 minutes, though...  )
i saw 3 deer on the way home!  so sad they have like no home anymore 
i saw a duck get squished today 
I saw a fist fight in Shake n Steak tonight.  Lame. Human beings can be so lame.
I saw a freaking wreck this morning. It was intense, and the guy ran into a telephone pole tearing his truck in half. 
I saw a guy that reminds me of a guy that I really like 
I saw a thing in a magazine about recycling and other stuff...maybe in USA Weekend. I can't remember exactly. 
I saw a woman today who had a 3 inch goatee-i am totally serious 
I SAW BOY IN THE STRIPED PAJAMAS!!! It WAS SOOOO SAD. CRIED LIKE FOREVER!!!! 
I'm tired but not enough to sleep 
I'm tired from packing and hauling and having to keep my &quot;nice face&quot; around my ex. :-p And I hurt. I hate having to take the meds. 
I'm tired my wifes tired I'm off n she's off to work  but were takin a Lil holiday to the old west 2morrow via Virginia city.
I'm tired of &quot;Britney Spears sex tape&quot; and &quot;Hot Horny Kitten&quot; trying to follow me 
I'm tired of airports! I've been in an airport for eight of the 13 hours I've been awake today. 
I'm tired of all the B.S. drama crap! 
I'm tired of being at home with nothing to do. 
I'm tired of being sick 
i'm tired of crying..tired for making u smile... 
I'm tired of doing the same routine everyday!!.......   -im tired-
I'm tired of feeling like this... 
I'm tired of going out. I just want to stay home and kick it with my mom...  
I'm tired of having flashbacks about you. 
i'm tired of missing out on my life. i want to be everywhere all at once. 
I'm tired of my job 
I'm tired of phylogeny  .... want to do something else.
I'M TIRED OF TRYNA FIX U BUT THERES NOTHING I CAN DO..BOY I CAN'T WAIT TO HATE U...I CANT WAIT TO HATE U MAKE U PAIN LIKE I DO...    
im tired of watching america's next top model 
i'm tired to study for the exams.... 
I'm tired today 
Im tired! All I want to do is sit n watch Twilight (for the gajilianth time) but Iv got to do my flamin dissertation 
i'm tired! I don't if I should go tomorrow......very hard decision 
I'm tired! I think I could seriously sleep all day long. 
I'm tired! It seems I'm Starting to get Extremely Tired now...I wish I wasn't Tired any more  being Tired Sucks!
I'm tired! Today I have to study Latin 
I'm tired!! really tired!! 
Im tired, already. No 
im tired, and i still have to clean  and i hate that my hair doesnt hold color... there is a difference but not much, oh well
I'm tired, but can't sleep. Tomorrow will be a long day! 
Im tired, didnt sleep well last night and im at work now 
I'm tired, had to do a 24hr ride lastnight, few calls while I was sleeping 
I'm tired, my feet hurt, my back hurts, I feel like an old woman with swollen legs... I'm all kinds a fkd up, and my baby is gone 
Im tired, really tired of everything that is going on. Why is everything on me? 
I'm alive once again! Missed my 1000th update party though 
im all about people...to bad people arent all about me 
Im all alone in bio today 
I'm all alone now  it's party time
I'm all alone on a saturday night! Wish I was in Canada 
Im all alone this week 
i'm all alone, no1 to tlk to 
Im all alone...  wanna go back...x
I'm all better!! But now I have to study for finals and I really don't want to. 
Im all bruised up from giving blood 
I'm all by my lonesome til Friday. 
I'm all caught up on Dollhouse  I want moar now. LMFAO, Wash. I love that Joss recycles his people in different series.
im all crunchy now + shxt :/ @youngcardi @yunghaze @amberBADbxtch see wat yall did  haha. i need new twitter friends..
Im all itchy  I have all kinds of misquito bites from being in bumblefuck nowhere Michigan...grr
I'm all nice and showered and smell soapy good. I wish I had cuddles right now... especially because my tummy hurts 
im all on my lonesome -.- 
I'm all out of flip flops   ......Disaster
I'm all packed up, and NOT ready to leave  I don't want to move!!  
Im all peely 
I'm all sad @digitalkitty never wished me a happy birthday today. Bad friend. 
I'm all sandy 
I'm all scared and bruised. 
i'm all schandyy we got rained out 
I'm all snuffly and then hot and cold, tired and bunged up.  Woe is me 
I'm all sunburnt from going outside a lot for a change 
I'm all through it. It's horrible..... 
I'm all wet 
I'm allergic to milk  ......and my fave drink is cocoa....without it I die...This is so unfair for me
I'm allergic to my mo monay. poor dog. 
I'm allowed go home early - sweet! Have to do SOME work first though 
I'm tired, yet wanting to stay on the computer 
I'm tired.  And i don't want to do my fashion assignment, due tomorrow. So I've decided to procrastinate by doing my art film.
Im tired.  I have to try to get a job at shoprite tomarrow! 
Im Tired. And i Have to work tomorrow.  but im going to see briana after work tomorrow so thats sweet 
I'm tired. But I must work.  Huhh...
I'm tired. But we got a few minutes to go. Ugh. And it's stillllll hot &amp; supposed to be 104 tmrw 
I'M TIRED. fuck finals 
I'm tired. I don't think I fully recovered from the weekend 
i'm tired. i fancy going to bed. i'm lonely. and my hairs to dark.  night night xx
I'm tired. I hate working  dairy isle 6-close
I'm tired. I have't really been home all week! 
I'm tired. long day.  want mac and cheese. orlando winning  made my dad a website http://tinyurl.com/ljpgw3 backend is even cooler trustme
I'm tired. Was at work at midnight to meet the police - alarm call 
im tired... but cant sleep 
I'm tired...&amp; i think i'm getting sick 
I'm tired...i miss my mom 
I'm tired...ready for my break...pissed that I'm to poor to even buy Daddy a card for Father's Day 
I'm tired...We went shopping today! My legs hurt.  JONAS WAS AWESOME TONIGHT.
Im tiredd, &amp; want my BF here with me. 
Im tiredddddd!  howerever this Air mattress was an amazing idea!!! While it lasted, glad its over!
i'm to scared to call aaron carter    but i need to ask EXACTLY HOW he beat shaq
im toes are cold........i wish it was summer here 
I'm too exhausted to do anything more, but not enough to fall asleep. It's strange feeling. And very depressing. 
i'm too hungry to cook right now. i want to get one of those gigantic hoagies from haggen, but the nearest one is 12.5 thousand km away. 
i'm too lazy to study for the ACT 
im too old to go church tonight  they need organise old peoples fun night at church both sexes!!!!!!!
I'm too scared to go to bed. 
im too scared to restart my computer *sigh* 
I'm too scared to tell my boss I need to leave! Gonna bite the bullett and do it now! 
I'm too tired  #3turnoffwords
Im too upset to be on here! Im goin to bed. Maybe I'll feel better tomorrow. Naw I wont cause I still gotta look at my hurt car! 
I'm too young to vote. I'll be able to, come my junior year in college. 
I saw Clive Owen in Covent Garden tonight. Unfortunately for me, he was just leaving the Opera with a gorgeous woman 
I saw conor oberst at the glass house on wednesday!! He is amazing!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 I wish I was at coachella this weekend 
I saw him, I did saw him or is it me who is always saw the wrong person. but hey, I did saw him. He smiled to me! yes he did! Omg! 
i saw i had 41 followers and im like WOAH but then i saw how many other people had 
I saw magic was a trending topic and got excited, I thought it was as in &quot;magic happens&quot;, but most was just basketball  oh well!
i saw pirate party in the trending topics and i thought of a pirate themed party for pirates. now i'm disappointed. 
i saw some lovely skinny jeans today for ï¿½3 at a charity shop, but they were just a little bit tight on my thighs.  ahhh so annoying 
I saw that dude in town today! x) barely anyone was in town today 
I saw the Back To The Future Dolorian parked outside theater in Hollywood. Tried to take pic but missed 
I saw the cutest guy ever!.... in my dream  dreams come true right? i hope so! (:
I saw the new Elizabeth Berg book at Target this weekend.  I'd like to have it.  Had to purchase present for kid bday party instead 
I saw the New Moon Trailer/Preview a few hours and minutes ago! It was great! I can't wait to watch New Moon this year!  
I saw the sun..... but then I blink and it was gone 
I saw this little boy soaked &amp; wet today.  His parents, whoever they may be didn't seem to care   I hope he doesn't catch Pneumonia.
I'm almost glad of the rain. Past few days have been so horrible and muggy 
Im almost home... I miss my children. 
I'm alone  I have no one...
I'm alone again. In the pitch black darkness. With... No one. 
I'm alone at home and no electricity  oh pln
i'm alone in class 
I'm alone now  oh well, Tomorrow is another day.
i'm alone tonight 
I'm alone, home by myself  I want to to somethiiiing!
I'm already annoyed. My Friday is ruined. 
I'm already awake!  I slept for like, 6 hours? Is it really weekend, cause I ain't feeling it yet!
i'm already following @afroeiht but he never says anything 
I'm already Fucked off. I am frustrated and annoyed. Make me smile? 
im already home from dane cook. wasn't able to stay the whole show. 
i'm already missing danny. 
I'm already missing that voice 
I'm already panicing about tomorrow oh fgs 
i'm already sad about senior meeting  i'm determined not to cry.
I'm already sick of this train 
Im already Sick to my stomach and im not even on the cruise yet. 
im already starting to get a bit sad that its all gonna be over in a couple of hours  #asot400
I'm already struggling having no iPhone 
I'm also pissed that my profile pic is still messed up 
I'm also tired and my microwave keeps acting like it's going to start a fire. It's as if I put metal in it. I didn't 
I'm also wondering why I'm not getting Tweets sent to my phone anymore?!?!?!? 
I'm ALWAYS cooking for people who's gonna cook me dinner?? I'm starving 
I'm always doing things randomly and imulsively 
I'm always jealous of the lucky special few who get to go to Apple Keynotes as well as all the other successful people in the world 
I'm always late  I can't help it!
I'm always sad when @AndreaGenevieve flies back to DC and leaves me here in Buffalo 
I'm always so tierd  im going to bed. recording the mtv awards.
I'm tooo poor to drink right now 
im toooo warm 
I'm torn between what I want and what I need.. 
I'm torn. Rewrite my code in Cake? It'll take a few days to do it, still early stages. Arrggg this is why I can't have new things 
I'm torturing myself by looking at dogs I can't adopt  I want a puppy!
I'm totally annoyed, ggrr giving up my room for &quot;our guest&quot; ugh  FML.
I'm totally booorrreeedd. Sitting here, drinking caramel cream blended... Ugghhh. Bored. 
I'm totally burning stood out here in the sun 
im totally confused by twitter  lets go LAKERS!
I'm totally craving KFC right now  oh noes....
im totally eves dropping on my bosses phone call and OMFG WE MIGHT HAVE BUDGET CUTS AGAIN  budget cuts = salary cuts AGAIN lol
I'm totally getting sick again.  
Im totally ill. My head hurts ! CanÂ´t play basketball tomorrow  Today im alone onto 12pm! Yaaay can do what I want 
I'm totally loving the name Jemma (or Gemma) but nobody else seems to like it 
i'm totally resting till friday... i miss the outside world 
I'm toy shoppin w/Rob. If idont,he might bring hm a tractor. We don't have a farm. Lol.. What happened 2 yesterdays sun?. 
i'm trashed. how can i go biking at 6am? dammit! 
i'm triyng to sleep.........but it's impossible! damn...are 5 days i'm sleepless! i know i need snuggles..... 
I'm truly jealous of Teryn's new camera. 
I'm tryin to decide if I wanna update my iPhone ... not sure if it's really worth it..  I'll lose ALL my hello kitty stuff 
im tryin to take my piercing out  I so don't want to, but I sooo have too. devo'd
im tryin to vote for tom but its no lettin me on  x.x.x
I'm tryina help u and u mean muggin the world  po baby.
I'm trying 2 figure out what to do with my hair. I have an asymetrical bob, so the back is pretty much all natural now. Not a good look. 
I'm trying as hard as i can but i just don't think i'm good enough anymore. 
I'm trying not to do anything today as I probably have the flu, but still have mtg with my adviser, career fair, chem quiz, &amp; group mtg! 
I'm trying not to worry.  I feel like something major and upsetting is about to happen though.  And my gut instincts are usually right 
I saw this really pretty girl around my age. . . And she's big. Pregnant type of big. 
i saw UP the day after my grandmother who raised me passed away...it broke my heart &amp; now this does as well...god bless lil' colby curtin 
i saw UP this weekend, SOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE and sad 
I say Maitenance hour = Fail. STILL can't get back in...only through TweetDeck. 
I say to some PPl but they dont reply BOO HISS!. 
I scraped my hand  but @toyayu tended my wound, I feel like I'm five again! She's soooo sweet! I love my mommy!!
i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up i screwed up #FAIL 
I screwed up royally. Probably won't sleep much tonight. Tomorrow is not going to be a good day.  Prayers/good thoughts appreciated.
i see @pvparamite has been online quite a bit! lolz -poor sickly bed ridden poppet  -miss that silly twig
i see @pvparamite has been onlione quite a bit! lolz -poor sickly bed ridden poppet  -miss that silly twig
I see how ya'll like me... 
I see lightning outside. I really don't mind it @ all UNLESS my baby isn't beside me then I'll be depressed. 
i see magaret not gonna be on the apprentice next yr  xx
I see no point in twitter at all 
I see one of my followers dropped me 
I'm always the last one in the office....especially on Friday 
i'm always the odd one out, it seems. 
Im always there 4 my family &amp; they treat me bad &amp; hurt me everytime..Y do I keep goin back 2 them?  *confused &amp; hurt*
i'm always tired  i went to bed right after Conan and still snoozed way too long.
i'm am feeling sore i cant do anything with out some place hurting meyyy 
i'm am sad that lauren is leaving the hills but i'm also excited to find out what the next season will be like without her! 
i'm am sick and i don't like it  
im am so bored i have nothing 2 do 
I'm amazed that such fanboy foul mouthed and agressive posting still takes place. I thought it was dying out 
I'm an emo today. For all my parents' 'why don't you grow up' or whatever they sure do still treat me like a baby 
I'm an insomnia ass biotch the world is sleeping and I'm wide awake I suck 
I'm angry about my Boyfriend 
im angry and i sad trey cancelled and now i have no where to wear my dress to!!!! grrrr... im going to sleep now... 
I'm angry- it rains already 3 days 
i'm angry with happiness 
Im angry! and i dont know how to tell the person im angry @ that i am. they have no clue... grrrrrrr 
I'm angry, distressed and restless. Suggest something. 
Im angry... my computer wont let me upload profile pics 
Im annoyed because I couldn't find a work cover and could be at the Bronx zoo 
im apparently not allowed to tweet at work 
I'm at a loss as to what to do. Losing my bags at camps means half my clothes are gone and I can't afford more 
I'm at a loss for words. I'm going to bed 
Im at a NKOTB Concert n all i can think about is @imcudi!!!  cant wait 2 c u in concert!!!
iM At A PARtY WitH tHE fAMilY.....BUt SAdd iM GOiNG HOME SOON 
I'm at a really nice wedding but my allergies are preventing me from enjoying myself. Achoo!  http://bit.ly/3wv1VP
I'm at a skate rink and I don't have my jacket 
I'm at clawson getting my car fixed, and now my tooth is not so good! 
I'm at Denny's with the girls. My tummy hurts. 
I'm at disneyland again Ahaha! And i'm sad the pineapple stand is closed... I have 3 dollars 
I'm at home and watch tv..tired... I have no desire to work tomorrow 
I'm at home bored ..... very bored. no orioles game on tonight 
im at home TRYINGto asseble this thing 
i'm at home while my boyfriend is at the club. i wish i was there with him 
im at home wishing it was NoT so ugly out today. houston,tx is so over rated with this rain 
I'm at home.....Sitting around.....By myself.....&amp; Missing all of my Nashville friends. 
im at home..sick  its really horrible... i think i have a virus..again..    Ily to everyone..xxxx
im at jarrod's. trying to order pizza. no money 
I'm at mcdonalds eating chicken nuggets with my kid so embarrased I droped my soda  haha it fell out of my tray lol
Im at my boys wedding and theres nobody here to talk to   &quot;Im TAKEN&quot;
im at my cousins house and my cousin dropped my baby sister kailey... i feel baf 4 kailey... 
im at my cousins waiting for something fun to happen 
im at my dads side with-out my dad  and it is a gr8 day!! lol
im at school  !!!! cant go on facebook from here!!
I'm at school for C.P. training, while Gary gets to go to the zoo 
I'm at school. It's suckful. 
I'm at SJSU studying for REG. Holy cow, REG looks tough 
I'm at starbucks in downtown Boston n the talk of the shop is da b-ball game last night. We lost it  still luv u Paul Pierce. Mayb nex yr
Im at the beach for the last time 
I'm at the beach with scott, marina, tim, and ant lin. there's no sun though 
im at the bus stop falling asleep...to tired to go to work. 
I'm at the cheesecake factory 
I'm at the doc's for an initial visit.  This office is cold as ever!!! Any advice on good docs in C'ville? The one I want has a 6 mo wait 
I'm at the docs in Beverly Hills for my spidey bite 
I'm at the doctors 
I'm at the gym, but still in pain frok last time's workout 
I'm at the underwood for my last night in omaha...sad too bad I jusy met karli last night 
I'm at The Warren and there's no one here 
I'm at this wack club on south beach. If u down here, DONT GO TO LIVING ROOM 
I see that FaceBook is testing a search function.  Cool.  Wish was part of the test market 
I see the sun on the horizon, bout to roll around in the sand..I mean shoot, lol....my tummy hurts tho 
I see the sun! oh it's gone 
I see the Whitecaps lost to the Montreal. Nice to see the Impact decide to show up when the game means something 
I see those clouds rolling in 
I see u aren't losing time and make me feel jealous b/c of the tarte!! Hi K and all of you, I'd prefer be there than here working... 
I see water every where , except in my Hostel   .  Do dey get supply from Sahara desert ?? when Arabian sea is just a minute away :-@
I see we have a Doug vs. Rugrat beef on tumblr. - y-n0t: canâ€™t we enjoy both.  i just wanted to see CATDOG... http://tumblr.com/x0m24qa9r
i see we have more rain creeping up on us here before long  
I see your weather is just as lovely as ours 
i see/hear nothing   please help  (dog_log live &gt; http://ustre.am/3iGy)
I see: #Stansted express I also cutting cost: no controller in trains but instead an impressive Gestapo-like security at entrance. 
I seem to be an &quot;internet marketer, guru, consultant, social network strategist, make money online, coaching mentor&quot; Twitter magnet!!  
I seem to be getting more pimples lately... maybe mum was right all along? No more chocolate for me. 
I seem to be having a bad hair day. Driving me nuts 
I seem to be having one of *those* days... 
i seem to be lazy today. i dont feel like going anywhere to even get food.. 
i seem to be lossing loads of followers at present - have I said something wrong 
I seem to be missing a day somewhere, I woke up this morning really thinking it was Friday 
I seem to be missing some tweets  is it @scalaris or @twitter ?
I seem to be stuck for words this evening, my mind is like a void waiting to be filled with something, my belly however feels full 
I seem to be writing but my word count isn't going up fast enough  I hate reflective practice, I never really think about what I'm doing!
I seem to have a #badhairday   xoxo
I seem to have been attacked a lot and lost lots of cash.   (Spymaster) Going to work soon.
I'm at TTSH waiting for my aunt to be discharged. Been here for the freaking night.  - http://tweet.sg
Im at work  Absolutely hanging. I love freedom!
I'm at work  dont finish til 7pm boohoo
im at work  wishing i was off at the pool!
I'm at work and I don't want to be here but I'll be here all day 
I'm at work and I got bit by a stupid mosquito 
Im at work and its not good have a fight with my lover and things r not good   face for me...but what can one do when others little drunk.
Im at work and my kitty is at home dieing 
I'm at work before 8. Used my key for the first time. 
i'm at work but i forgot my glasses  going to be a blurry day
I'm at work feeling like I can pass out at any moment!  This must be sinus pressure.  
I'm at work locked out of my own office what a great start to my friday morning 
I'm at work now! With the largest headache everrr! Not cool 
I'm at work now. Oh weekend, how I miss you!!! 
Im at work on a beautiful day like today 
I'm at work until 6  Enjoyed looking back with the girls last night...
im at work untill 10    
im at work while all of my friends are at my house  how unfortunate.
I'm at work, here til 10pm !!! 
I'm at work, it's super boring! Twitterific isn't working thanks to the Twitter bug 
im at work, my feet hurt and im gonna be home in bed alone tonight 
i'm at work. also just realized i am going to fall about $100 short of depleting my work-study funds. noooooo i refuse to work extra days 
Im at work... It is not the weekend anymore 
I'm at work... watching TV.  The boss will be here at noon.  Wish he had today off.
Im at work......HELP 
Im at work...broadcasting live at KVNO.org if you wanna tune in!...wish i was watching Drag Me To Hell with my peeps 
I'm at work...yea it's boring today ; gotta paint a wall today. -sigh- poor me 
I'm at work..feeling exausted 
i'm at wrk and damn I'm tired.....I gotta lay it dwn earlier 2nite.....I was up till 3am  &lt;EnufCed
I'm awake  But I love my best friend to no end so I won't complain... But I am SO not a morning person! Need... Coffee...
i seem to have inhaled my lunch amazingly quickly 
I seem to have left my Drivers License behind somewhere. Forgot to put it back in my wallet after entering security. No beer with dinner. 
I seem to have some pink areas despite sun cream. 
I seem to have the lurgy today 
I seem to wake up feeling crap all the time lately 
I seemed to have deleted some of my updates  oh well heres the link thats sums them all up :p www.rhiannapratchett.com a game writer...
I sent my first MMS ever  Im so proud of me  LMFAO
I seriously am ashamed of myself for liking a U2 song 
I seriously cant believe my brother is graduating college &amp;most of my best friends graduate high school this year 
I seriously can't believe she's going to college! Away... 
I seriously can't find lyrics for FILIATION anywhere online, I don't want to transcribe them. 
I seriously can't sleep.  and i've just been informed that there is a show on spike called manswers...To answer guys questions. Wow.
I seriously can't take another second of rain....and they expect me to put with this all next week 
i seriously cant walk now  and idk how ima go to da interview tomoro
i seriously do not know how to use this  james come round and help 
I seriously don't get facebook 
i seriously don't understand him anymore, he confuses me so much 
I seriously feel like crying. It's like I'm not even here. 
I seriously hate direct messages, I never really look at them, and I just realized that I have 659 of them. 
I seriously hate packing... And even worse - I hate the thought of missing a day of work!!!! 
I seriously hate tom,   ugh. Hes the most annoying person i've ever met. Ever!
i seriously hope that this summer's weather gets muchh muchh better and stays that way 
i seriously just ate half a BIG bag of chips...... now i feel like a pig 
I seriously need a &quot;date night&quot;!  
I seriously need a job in London, otherwise I have to move back to Denmark in less than a month!! 
I seriously need a printer. It is far too cold to go to the lab 
I seriously need some new underwear  off to Westfield to perk up my drawers!
Im awake , it's saturday and i dont want to spend Saturday alone  Helpp x
I'm awake and can't sleep bc I'm feeling sick  yuck!!!
I'm awake and have been since 3:40  I couldn't sleep.
i'm awake and i don't feel good 
I'm awake and it's a gorgeous evening out and everyone's asleep. This sucks 
I'm awake and would like to go back to sleep, but can't. Hmph 
im awake at 6:55 during summer.. eww... 
I'm awake at 8:18 am and I m not liking it! I purposely went 2sleep at 11 and I wake up now? I sleep later wen I go to bed at 8! 
Im awake barely with a cold wot has gone to mi chest  ashma inhaler here i come arghhh! On mi way to work to spread mi cold muhahaha
I'm awake but don't wanna be  Parents are almost to Wichita...
I'm awake but I can't go back to sleep. 
Im awake gah- need to go get dressed + get money out before my drivng lesson at 10.30 
im awake people , got nothing to do today  probably watch TV and get rid of all my programs on sky+ planner ( the joy NOT !!!! )
I'm Awake Right Now! Why?  Miss my Haha 
I'm awake sooo early...all for the name of revision! 
I'm awake too early 
I'm awake with a really painful neck and working on Revenues &amp; Benefits system upgrades! JOY! 
I'm awake!  I'm awake.  And still tired.  
I'm awake! Getting ready for Sunday at Ruehl. I'm listening to ATB... It's gray out there again 
I'm awake! going to get ready.. back to school on monday 
I'm awake, and it't the last day of the holidays 
I'm awake, i'm awake and i have hiccups 
I'm awake. And not too thrilled about it. Didn't sleep well AT ALL. 
I'm awake. I don't know why. I wish i could get a good night's sleep  Live-Your-Life
I'm awake. Last night I kicked the metal leg of a coffee table and I think I messed up my toe really bad. It hurts to wear heels  boooo
I'm awake. On a Sunday morning and at punggol. Super tired 
I seriously need to do laundry  I might wear batik to O tomorrw. Oh no
i seriously need to get away for a break,but have a lot to do at home,wish cud go back 10 years...life isnt that easy i guess 
I seriously need to get the fuck out of my own head. Let me forget about all of it for just one entire day! It's worse when I'm alone. 
i seriously need to hurry up and get a blackberry an get in wid da movement! damn i feel sooo alone in twitte-land 
I seriously need to work on my aim... I am at 1 Prarie Dog with 1 clip... not the best...  ~MBunk_007
I seriously resent being British. Crappy country 
I seriously think he's gonna fuck her up. But I hope that doesn't happen..for her sake only 
I seriously think I just broke My toe.... 
I seriously think my parents don't want to fix the NEWER, FASTER, BETTER, MORE MEMORY WITH computer. It breaks my heart.... 
I seriously think something is wrong with me. Ah I'm dying 
i seriously wanna download Sims 3 for my iPod 
I seriously want to call in today, I need a break... But no, I can't 
I seriously want to punch the Wizards if we make this trade.  WE NEED BIG MEN, NOT MORE SHOOTERS! 
i seriously wish,that i could move far away,without a second glance in my rearview mirror,i HATE this place 
i set the stationary bike to climb Mount Kilimanjaro and now my butt hurts 
I shall go to bed since I have a 6am flight to Tulsa  I lose so much sleep for the @jonasbrothers lol.
I shall kern you and fix you tomorrow good sir! Plus, your colours be wrong  http://twitpic.com/69507
I shall leave for school when i am done jammin to kris allen  i will miss him so much &lt;/3
I shall miss you all at fiendom com  tho I will be changing flights in Minnie on Sat., -w/luck,perhaps bad weather in MI, and flt cancels!
i'm awake. Scary dreams 
I'm awake. Still kinda sleepy.  but woke up to a tweet from @killakel25 sooo glad he made to to iraq safe and sound!
I'm awake. Unfortunately. Orthodontist app. later  that lady always hurts me...
I'm awake... can't party hard like @NelBellz when you gotta be some where @ 9 am... 
I'm awake....barely....as usual...got meetings today  ...and me and @dblanks gotta get our stuff together to head to LA
Im awakeee but i dont really want to be  lolol
I'm away from home so much that my pillows, blankets, &amp; sheets don't even smell familiar anymore. This is weird. 
im away from the comp....  ill be back later
i'm away to attempt to sleep ... owch 
I'm awfully cold. 
I'm baaaaaaaaaack! I brought a cold back with me... shouldn't be sick after vacation 
I'm baaaack from my nap sleep longer than I thought anyways I really reaaallly reeeaaaallly miss fl like crazy you have no idea... 
I'm baaaack....wassup twits! Ya kitten is getn ready 2 go 2 wrk  I'll check yall later :*
I'm babysitting tonight which means no drinking and dancing for me tonight  but I did say that's what I wanted to do FOOL!!
Im babysitting... work later  I need a life!
i'm back - went to six flags fri, it was so fun: hardly no lines. rode everything twice. but i missed ai's bbq cuz of the rain on sat 
Im back !my mom said i Have to stay at home!hiks 
I'm Back and I see I missed Truck and Fish on @RetroRewind 
I'm back and logged in.  Chinese food was disappointing.  
I'm back at work with Mummy today. It's really hot  Lots of people in and out of office this morning. I get whiffs every now and then! x
I shall try to finish most of my homework before Drama Camp. Sadly, this sounds impossible. 
I shall tweet!! helllllppp  i hate my brother
I shld b chillin in da park instead of bein at work 
I should attempt sleep 
I should be asleep right now. Curse you nonsleepiness. 
I should be asleep; I want to get up at/around noon tomorrow(today). I often feel about about the little things that shouldn't bother me. 
I should be celebrating but you're not here  @Xhumonne sorry I asn't able to call. Was on the fon with Koo.T @chuchu82 I miss you poo
I should be happy for jenson winning really but.... meh. too annoyed at Rubens. 
I should be home now. Im still 2 hrs away  
i should be in bed  http://tinyurl.com/p7urud
I should be in NYC right now with some of my favorite people but instead I am stuck in RI. 
i should be in ohio with @silverstein &amp; @omgstephanie right now seeing @shanetold &amp; @xpaulx and everyone else  blahhhhhh.
I should be in Panama City, FL at the beach right now feeling the ocean water in my toes.  #fb
i should be in the presence of @owlcity right now, but i'm not 
I should be in Vegas right now!!! 
i should be making dinner.. but cant face food just now  think i will regret this later....
I should be okay... well at least until tomorrow comes 
I should be paying my bills and not playing on here.  
I should be sexin' right now 
I should be sleep. I have to wake up soooo early 
i should be sleeping  running with ashley in the morning! then church.
I should be sleeping , I'm so tired ! 
I should be sleeping before work, but I can't turn my brain off  lol
i should be sleeping...but can't sleep. I will pay for it tomorrow morning when i have to be up at 6am.. 
I should be so sleepy...but I can't sleep 
I'm back bitches!!!!! Hahahaha- I kno I kno its been more then 12hrs... Sorry!!!!  love me? Forgive me? Yay!!!! Ok time to catch up! MUA
I'm back but not for long 
I'm back but still bored and tired!! 
I'm back from a long day at work. My knees are f*cking killing me. I don't wanna work anymore 
I'm back from a week of illness, anyone ever had a Nasal infection??? NOT FUN. 
I'm back from doing the Flat Walk the Wight with Harv &amp; Meg &amp; the Dance Vibez gals. Wearing medal proudly. Pulled s'thing in back of leg 
I'M BACK FROM ITALY!!!! IT'S RAINING RIGHT NOW AND I WANNA GO BACK THERE SO HARD!!!!! 
im back from school. yay. but now i have to go an do homework. 
I'm back from vacation    Sigh...
Im back Guys,, Laying in the hotel soooooo excited about so many things.!! But i havent heard from sweetface...  ...... :-*
I'm back home cookin dinner.. its so hot.. sad I have to go back to work tmr 
I'm back in Barcelona. Casualties from the trip: my DS's stylus 
I'm back in boarding school 
I'm back in EvE Online ... got my little mining sled all blown up in .4 space today, I gotta figure out how to NOT get webbed.  
I'm back in Germany, mom and twin are somewhere in the air... back to reality I guess... 
I'm back in Huntsville now. Lets see how refreshed I feel at work tomorrow. Ewww... work. 
im back in oz and mums macking cup cakes    my lattop was stolen outta my checkin in luggage   so im on mums... http://tinyurl.com/ohukb2
i'm back in school it sucks!!!! 
I'm back in Tallahassee, but I wish I were at the mountains of Tennessee 
I'm back in Tamworth this weekend. I'm netless  it's worrying.
I'm back in the Nam...on this sunny day; shame Sacha is working and I have work to do...  and I miss my old phone...call me on my temp?
I'm back in the world.  Funeral was sad. 
I'm trying so hard to get as much packing done...i still have a lot to do 
I'm trying to attend a webinar on social media strategies but I can't figure out how to get in.  I'm too stupid to be successful.  
I'm Trying to concentrate, I have 2 finals tomorrow 
im trying to convince alexis to stay up with me and ryan... i dont think its working so well! 
i'm trying to convince my best friend to join twitter but she's firmly standing her ground. hmph! 
I'm trying to convince myself to do the rest of my homework... tomorrow school starts again 
Im trying to create a facebook account but my dumb ass school won't let me!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm trying to cut back on chocolate, so a customer comes in with an urgent job, and to bribe me they bring a BIG block of chocolate  
im trying to do coursework, but am seriously not coping lol 
Im trying to download music but it is taking forever 
I'm trying to extend my precious time at home as long as I can. I'm not ready for today's class    3ãƒ¶æœˆã?—ã?‹æ®‹ã?£ã?¦ã?ªã?„ã?‘ã?©ã?ªã??
I'm trying to figure out how to face my friend in a little while.. I am actually having a hard time.. 
I'm trying to figure out why my picture keeps leaving twitter. any advice?? third time i had to put it on...   
I'm trying to find a book about drugs and prostitution and all that scandalous stuff. No luck! 
I'm trying to find a good picture of myself to put on here... NO luck! 
I'm trying to find a suitable replacement for diet soda....but this large unsweetened iced tea is gross 
im trying to find some people but not sure how to 
i'm trying to fine friends on twitter...no luck so far 
Im trying to finish my work for college!  Its not working! 
I'm trying to fix the internet connection which is keeping me away from updating my profile 
I'm trying to follow Melanie Nicole somewhere lost out there 
I'm trying to get back into this twitter thing...not going so well for me 
im trying to get my phnoe to work. Im aggravated with it  its not working right. but other than that im doing absolutely nothing.
I'm trying to make lemon gelati but it wont set properly 
I'm trying to mimis 
Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much... 
I'm trying to operate my computer with out my eyebglasses. It's horrible. I have my screen zommed to the max and can barely see anything 
im back no jewellery mag for me  but i did get a prawn baguette 
Im back on my puter after a bagillion yrs... but not for long 
i'm back on seesmic as @tweetdeck is making me mad!  My mentions aren't coming through as they should and its a pain in the bum! 
i'm back to work ... 
I'm back tweeps...awake &amp; ready. So what's up with u guys? I missed the rain, it stopped already 
I'm back!  what's I miss?  nevermind. It tires me out just thinking abt the work all of you prob got done. 
I'm back! And I never ever want to go through another week like that one ever again  Back to work with a bump now ...
I'm back! Been busy tired 
i'm back! how's the #marsiscoming assault going? i see we dropped off the trending topics again. 
I'm back! I miss it already 
I'm back! In borrowed time. 
I'm back! See...I didn't die, I just broke my elbow 
im back, and our local grocery store stopped carrying some of my favorite things 
I'm back, can't play the 360 as someone is watching Hockey. 
I'm back, its raining  the weather is not as beautiful as it was yesterday:O
I'm back. I pretty sure I owe the world an apology. 
i'm back. now i need to work out what i plan to do with damn paperwork. tweets at home aren't very interesting! 
i should be studying for finals...but i'm just sitting at the computer listening to new again. i'm so pissed i cant see tbs this summer 
I should be studying. However, gmail keeps distracting me and I think it could well be a tool of the devil. I am also hungry 
I should call this place &quot;The House of Snores&quot; 
I should do something non-productive today. I feel like I spent my entire Sat just working. 7:30am-6:30pm. 
I should explain that I grew up in a mining village whilst the strike was on...... 
i should get more sleep. excess baggages are forming under my eyes. 
I should get to sleep. Gotta be awake and ready for when I rehearse my scene tomorrow... Why do I have to do this? 
I should go to bed soon.  I have to be up at 9am   
I should go to bed. I have work in the morning  and i'm starting to get concerned that i am talking to myself as my friends don't use this
i should go to cinema today to see JCVD, but it's raining here... 
I should go to sleep 
I should go to sleep but I still have so much things to do... I guess I'll have to work this week end 
I should go to sleep, but I'm not tired. 
I should have brought a date 2 this wedding 
I should have gone to bed a loooong time ago! Have to start moving at 8am!   I hate moving!
i should have gotten an ultrasound of my heart while i had the chance. it keeps doing funny things. 
I should have guessed. I get a &quot;second chance&quot; for Subway Series tix next weekend, no tix avail under $105/ea Not the way they're playing 
I should have just gone 
I should have known better...tried for upgrade my iPhone to 3.0 and now it's a brick 
I should have lost a tonne but NO my weight is like 53.4kg and i'm only 158cm tall  - http://tweet.sg
I should have never thrown out Junior the bear, because Joel didn't like him. 
I should have read this article before I planted my strawberries    http://bit.ly/BbRIQ
I should have stayed home sick: my office is flooded. Working from someone else's desk for now. 
I should have tried harder,  I let everyone down :'(  here I go getting all teary eyed
I'm Backk &amp;&amp; Boreder Than Everrr.!! 
Im backkkk!!! Im online, trying to find a damn job  Where they all at? SMH
im backkkk!!!!!!!! hungry as hell, havent ate today 
I'm bad - panini and chips for lunch. And another lil cake  Another half litre of water tho!
I'm bad at chopping onions 
i'm bad at girl sign language. i was thinking &quot;joint&quot; then &quot;cum facial&quot;. correct answer was &quot;cup of tea&quot; 
i'm bad at this whole twitter thing :-/ oh well. i'm finally happy with my hair cut and headed back to omaha tomorrow 
I'm bakin me a old fashion pound cake &amp; havin an @epiphanygirl moment singin IF I HAD MY WAY---&gt;I wuld b n ttown cn him 
im bawling.. i just watched marley nme 
I'm beat, off to bed at 11:27pm!! OMG too late for me. I'll be kicking myself come 6am   oh well.  Sweet dreams all you &quot;Twits&quot;
I'm beat.    what a long, long, long sunday!
I'm become immune to the benefits of throat lozenges 
i'm becoming quite the gym rat. when did that happen? @ericdee i'm going to miss you halfway across the world 
Im begining to think its something in SA that makes me sick 
Im beginning to think i wasted my time! 
I'm beginning to think my life is an awful lot like a Cake song. 
IM BEGINNING TO THINK THE IPHONE 3.0 UPDATE WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE UNTIL LATER.....  
I'm being accused of being a cranky bastid. Crap. I thought I was past the pms for the month!  I would feel bad but I'm too cranky.
I'm being all avoidy with people from my project. 
I'm being antisocial today. This is MY day. I need to take it at my own pace. Getting high priority stuff done first, without Twitter... 
I'm being followed by the US Open now. 
im being ganged up on 
I'm being invaded by giant Mosquitos. What a swell evening   http://twitpic.com/7s1vf
I'm being sad... I'm on exam break, and I can't seem to find any good fictionpress stories to read 
i'm being selfish for sleep i  think. 
Im being such a bitch to Scotty, pay back though I gotta watch him eat his steak, I can't eat cause it hurts 
im being such a whinging, hormonal, brat tonight! I need a good quick up the arse!! sorry bub! 
I'm being told by iTunes that the update for my iPod is available but I can't access the store 
I'm being twittered 
i'm biting my nails again 
Im bleeding from yesterday  
I'm bleeding profusely because my cat decided to freak out when the printer came on.  This is what I get for coming home for lunch.  
im blind  i cant see the tv from my bed  and my man is mad at me  i dont wike it!
im blonding ... slowly but surely im blonding ... i wana scratch my hair but im not allowed 
i'm bloody cold 
im bloody revising indoors while the lovely sun is out... wohoo.. im soo lucky 
i'm board...i don't know what to do 
Im bombed out just got some not so good news i have degenerative joint disease havent been able to walk good in 2 weeks! Im sad! 
I'm booooord - exsam's reding is NOT fun! 
I'm boored.  my sister's keeping me hostage at home. Oh dear...! (
I'm bored  anything going on tonight?
im bored  beckys going out soon.i done as much house wrk as i can stnd so i plan to become insane today. i hear its a well practiced skill
Im bored  been crunching toi many star trek voyager. Cant decide which game to play.
I'm bored  fix it k?
i'm bored  german book drags on a bit and I don't feel like playing video games. where are flatmates when you need them????
I'm bored  I could do housework, but why on earth would I want to do that? lol
I'm bored  I hope my mom let's me hang out with my bbygurl after school 
I'm bored  i wanna do something.
im bored  my phone is going dead and i am tired  but i still happy
I'm bored  my sister is a bootyhole. She took the computer from mr just so she could whore herself out to her bf that lives in Indiana
I'm bored &gt;.&lt;  and when the f*ck is TNT post going to bring me my skelanimals t-shirts? 
i'm bored . twit is weird.  . . . . . . . . so bored  !!
I'm bored @ home.. With no internet.. No cable...and nothing to do. JOY. 
I'm trying to organize 1,000,000 things 
I'm trying to say I look bad enough that people are giving me that &quot;ouch that must hurt&quot; look. 
I'm trying to send a picture through my cell but for some how it's not working... 
Im trying to sleep but theres 2 people next to me bumping uglys! And i cant join em 
I'm trying to sleep. I HATE how hard my bed is 
im trying to spend as much time with my cuzin if he would let me spend time with him 
I'm trying to straighten my hair...but it's not working 
I'm trying to talk my husband into letting me go see @nkotb when they come close by ... wish I had someone to go with me too 
I'm trying to tan in the Ireland sun...too bad that I can't! 
I'm trying to type correctly, but my arms are getting tired -  - no more wrists on the desk...
i'm trying to upload a pixies album &amp; it won't go on 
I'm trying to upload a video to youtube but its going slow  BAD YOUTUBE D&lt;
I'm trying to work out what this twitter is all about and am just getting more and more confused. 
im trying to write about how amazing and competent i am-its proving challenging!  
I'm trying very hard but finding it very difficult not to get jealous of all the cruise goers.... Not happy.. I want to go now.. 
im trying..i really am.. 
I'm tryna get on twitter, but my tyranical (little) brother won't let me use the comp. 
im tryna Memomrize a 20 lettered password lol I miss my Fryhead  That loser!
I'm trynna whoop my sisters ass in skiing.  missed ny 10 pts.
im tumblr-ing  why am i such a sucker for these interweb fabs
I'm turning off the computer and trying to get some sleep. Hope I feel better tomorrow, yuck! 
I'm twittering from my bed; nobody understands...what ppl repeatedly say when your young never goes away; always in the back of my mind 
i'm twitting at 2:00am but twitting is WACK when you have noone to twit with 
Im uber jealous of Zan right now! I wish I was at the beach right now gettin breakfast served to me!!! 
I'm ultimately scared  HELP!!!
I'm undecided on whether or not to get VIP tickets for Miley's tour 
I'm unfortunately not feeling so great...... Sore throat and all  This better clear up before O.A.R on Wednesday!!!
im up  by myself  talk to me
im up  feel worse, n i have no butter menthols left shit!!
I'm up &amp; it's really early for me which is sad because I want to sleeeeeeeeeeep &amp; I can't  but oh well, I have to get ready to leave! zzzz
I'm up &quot;early&quot; today! I wanna do something, but I have no one to take me any where 
I'm up (thanks mommy) with the worst head ache (thanks to the 5 drinks) 
Im up and about ready for church. It's going to be a long day..........no jasimane after church 
I'm up and apparantly being brought to town with the fam,I don't wanna go  I wanna chill with my duvet and my homie Doubtfire
Im up and awake finally, dont wanna b tho  xx
Im up and have 5 people to take care of  i hate when my mum is going out of town like this
Im up and NOT going to school!!! WOOHOO but i tried to win three days in NewYork but htis HORIBLE person took it! Boo her ! 
I'm up and off to school  I've seen better days
im up and only an hr late! now 2 dmv ugh 
I'm up at 4:00 because Scotland time still is with me.  taking @libeydawg to breakfast. (via @mediapeople) // that's just cruel. Ha ha!
I'm up at 8.30 on a saturday morning! What the..? I'm ill, it sucks 
I'm up because I was gonna go downtown for part 2 of my shoppin but I seen the rain  so I said forget it @misskingjo
I'm UP bored and there's NO ONE to talk to 
Im up bout to get ready 4 work....hope today ends betta den yesterday   i cant explain how i felt last nite but its a new day!
I'm up but I can't seem to peel myself out of bed  it's just so nice and cozy in here.
I'm up but I don't want this day to start... It's only going to make me sad 
I'm up but not in line for a new 3Gs  Running some tests on the online store
I'm up coding, and it's nearly 2am, but there's no iPhone 3.0 firmware yet  Guess I'll just keep coding...
I'm up damn so early  gotta go to the gym..
I'm up early enough *sigh* you can say I didn't get any sleep  but it's okay I can work it
i'm up far too early! but i have had breakfast for once, i'm hoping it will halp me in r.s exam  xx
I'm up for another day but my back still hurts...  LAME
I'm up for school it's 8am and I'm shattered I want to stay home, look at the weather it's not the day to be sitting in a classroom 
I'm up getting ready to do the Walk for Hunger. Please pray the rain away for me. 
im up hella early  cant qo back to sleep
im up now...hair looks boofy but i dont care..its not like im going anywhere.....cause i've got no friends (aww sad face)  
im up showered and now im gonna make breakfast! then working on research paper all day!  text me.
i'm up since 5:30 to work on my resume all over again.. 
im up stupidly early thanks to nicole  cant get back to sleep now!
I'm up too early &amp; I'm still sick as hell  I gotta go to work though. I dont think Im gonna make it 6 whole hours...I think I got da flu
I'm up too early for a Sunday  bit hung over, need water !!!
i'm UP UP UP but not away 
I'm up way to early and I want to go back to sleep. No joy 
i'm up WAYYY pas tmy bed time 
I'm up with a huge headache  @jroge126 &quot;The Temptations&quot; &amp; &quot;10 things I hate about you&quot; I can't choose 1.
I'm up! I really really wish i had today off 
I'm up! I'm off, yipppeeeee! Chris has to work, booooo!! 
im up! lol anyway pretty tired 
I'm up! Why so early with nothing to do. All my things to do were cancelled today.  wahhhhhh. Such a beautiful day
i'm up, woke up with several Dreams on my mind... Oh, and hear thunder 
I'm up.  Drinking coffee (with reused filter!). Day 4 of headache. 
Im up. And not happy about it  dumb english today.
I'm up. No sleeping in today 
im up....had stomach pains in the middle of the night...i dont know what that was all about 
I'm upset because I have two of the worst ulcers ever in my mouth and all of the frosted flakes are gone  how disappointing.
Im upset cause im only 13 and i cant get in to elliot minors gigs 
I'm upset I missed church yesterday  I need a mid-week service like right now! Spirits are definitely kinda low..
I'm upset that all my Greek chocolate is gone! 
I'm upset that Big Brother is going 2 premiere on a Thurs - which means itll b on Tues, Thurs, &amp; Sunday...which doesnt work well with me! 
I'm upset that Insidebigbrother.net think #Sree is going  http://tinyurl.com/r2oy6w
im upset that ny&amp;co closed dt nwk 
I'm upset that rallys is closed in saint louis 
I'm upset that the bagel place at moor street station has closed  I need food!
I'm upset that the sushi place assumed I had a date and gave me two of everything. 
Im upset, pissed, worried, depressed, anxious, etc 
i'm upset.this wound have to heal. 
I'm using a go phone now  Its so hard to text haha
I'm using Cyanogen's build v3.4.6 http://bit.ly/57JZ3 now and it seems super cool but I miss the Dudes black notification bar 
I'm using this application 15 minutes now and I'm already sad nobody but a something like a porn star named &quot;Ur Naughty Dream&quot; follows me 
Im usually a fighter. But its kind of hard to fight for something when they aren't sure what they want. im freakin sad 
I'm v tired &amp; think I need early night. Hardly slept last nite but can't even blame champagne from the christening...only had 1 glass 
I'm vaguely discontent, likely due to the work I need to do today. But what's the point with no more Ivo?  
I'm veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery tired 
I'm venturing out without a jacket today. I feel strange and vulnerable. 
im very bored and tired. 
I'm very bored. Watchin some lil kids practice 
i'm very busy... doing all the paperworks(psychological report and reflection paper in I.P)! so tired! 
I'm very disapointed supernatural season 4 is all finished.  cain't wait for it's return.
im very excited for mtv movie awards but i guess i can't watch it.because i live in turkey.  i'll find it.
I'm very frustrated this morning. 
I'm very happy with a tie. Looks like I should start dusting...   #dcu
I'm very hungry now. but tak larat nak bangon  cramps pls go away faster..
I'm very jealous that there seems to be thunderstorms everywhere but here 
i'm very sad coz my idol didn't reply to me  i'm really off to bed...i think. hahaha. night guys! sweet dreams )
I'm very sad n hurtin rite now I want be left alone 
i'm very sad to have to leave my house  cant i just have it in a slightly smaller version?
i'm very sad to hear about everyone's cat woes 
I'm very sad tonight goodnight everyone 
I'm very sad.. Puma sale at tm but i have no money to buy  i saw a pair of sneakers i really like!! ((
i'm very sad... 
I'm very sad...Jonas won't do a concert in Barcelona...I'm disappointed 
im very tired, heading to the bed now. alone... 
im very tired,bored and sad.what a great evening! 
I'm very upset right now, like I can't even formulate a complete thought.... 
i'm very upset that Colbert shaved his head. His hair was so beautiful 
i'm very upset that john krasinski's new movie is rated R. poop 
I'm very upset that someone stole my ring from the ladies room. Who does that?!?! 
I'm very very bored 
i'm very very tired..   hey Diego and Ivan spro verlos pronto xk aki va?
i'm very, very sad! 
I'm waaaaaaaaay too much stressed 
I'm waaaaaay too hot to be comfortable today... and I need to go rooting around in the shed later 
im waching tv..hearing some songs..fell boring.. 
I'm waiting for @alexaaa101 to go online! Ugh, where the hell are you?  I need to tell you something!
I'm waiting for my 'date' to pick me up, my lovely sweet girlfriend. Haven't had a girls night in ages. There's no good movies 2 see 
im waiting for someone 
I'm waiting for the dailies to reset. What a sad life I live 
Im waiting for the HD Concert videos also, I missed the live show  I  (#collective_soul On BRADMAN TV live &gt; http://ustre.am/25qK)
im waiting for the snake guys call 
Im waiting on the phone call. I just need that call. I have to have it soon. Im going on emotional rollercoster and I do not like it. 
im waiting to get a reply from a celebrity im following  but i dont think its gonna happen  and im watching twilight-again...
I'm waiting!  it's 3 mins late now... 
I'm walking through Pleasure Island and about to cry. It's so sad. 
I'm wallowing.  Someone stole my MAC makeup and cosmetics bag at the gym.  
I'm wandering around in 6inch heels, wondering why these torture devices were ever invented. Damn breaking in shoes. 
Im want to upload the school photos, but I can't, twitpic don't let me ! 
I'm warm but i'm still lonely 
I'm washing the dishes 
I'm wasting alotta time right now 
im watch sad scenes from titanic rach it is sad  ave u seen it?
im watchin 21 jump street so dont want to go to work tomorrow  
I'm watchin Aaliyah perform Try Again on VH1 Soul......*sigh* she was the best  
Im Watchin my window ::freedom::  
Im watching &quot;South Park&quot; I should be working on my Chemistry Final review but I dont know how to do it! 
I'm watching 21 grams....waiting for this kush to be rolled...unfortunately there's less than 21 grams of that. 
I'm watching a webinar about the fulbright program... I would love to be accepted and I wish I had languages under my belt  #squarespace
I'm watching bizarre foods - australia. It's not that bizarre. I'd now like some vegemite on toast. But i'd mostly like to feel better 
I'm watching Clean House. I miss Necie, some new girl's subbing for her. 
I'm watching Extreme Makeover: Home Edition for the first time in about a year. I forgot how much it makes me want to cry. 
I'm watching garden state and it reminds me off jeff. I miss him 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5t2p6 - JONAS COME TO BOLIVIA PLEASE! YOU CAME TO SOUTH AMERICA.. BUT YOU DIDN'T COME TO BOLIVIA  .. ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/624qo - but a brown snake bit my duck named Elvis  anyway ahaha Elvis is soo cutee!! And so is Nicho ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - Come to Austraia quicker 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - come to Australia quicker 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - i was watchign it and i did not see you! i am quite upsety right now  gosh that's what i get ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - i've been watching sports center for an hour, and i have yet to see you 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - WJrkejafiewjafioejwi jsf  WHEN????  WE ARE SO CONFUSED 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6y2ps - what?rangers? you come to texas and you seee the rangers!!!what about the astros   lol but i ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/77bk6 - need to talk to you, please 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7ev20 - i just finished one of my exams and came home to revise for my next one...which is tomorow   ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7ev20 - It really sucks that we have to wait longer in Denmark! 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7ev20 - Regrettably I was not there 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7gowf - LUCKY GIRLZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!! OH MAN, I WISH I COULD BE THERE 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7gowf - you look so great :x I hope one day you`ll come to romania  love you guys so much :x
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - I would like be there 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - i'm going to cry right now  !... I wanna the CD !!!!!
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - VENEZUELLAA 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - woww I wish I was there can't wait to buy the album but it hadn't been releaded in Malta  ca ...
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - Yaaay! I pre-ordered mine.. And you know what I've learned? -postal delivery sucks  But u g ...
@Jonasbrothers I can't make it   I have course &gt;
@jonasbrothers I completely missed the premiere of J.O.N.A.S, Im sad 
@Jonasbrothers i got your cd last night at midnight  i had to wait fifteen minutes for them to put it out  but it was worth it!
@Jonasbrothers i heard that u can only see the much music awards in canada.... 
@Jonasbrothers I like all the songs  I can't say just one guys! love ya
@Jonasbrothers I love you guys so verry verry much..but u dont know I even exist  and I love all your new songs off the new album!!&lt;3
@Jonasbrothers i love you guys soooooo much! i wish i was seeing you guys this summer. 
@Jonasbrothers i lovee you jonas brothers and i'm not sure if the cd is going to be available in shops at june 16 in colombia  i cant wait
@Jonasbrothers I play Ping Pong, very bad 
@Jonasbrothers i really want it but cant leave the house 
@Jonasbrothers I really wanted to watch it but it was at 1am in the UK and i didnt wake up when i was supposed to, to watch it 
@Jonasbrothers i suck at ping pong 
@Jonasbrothers I want the album now 
@Jonasbrothers I WANTED TO SEE BIG ROB IN MADRID! 
@Jonasbrothers i wish  JULY 19TH!!!! &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers I WISH I COULD BE THERE !!! BUT IÂ´M FAR AWAY 
@Jonasbrothers I wish I could be there! I live in Alabama though.  Oh well Ill see you guys on August 16 and 22!
@Jonasbrothers i wish i could go but LVATT in stores now!! but i live in the bahamas.  AWESOME ALBUM! &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers I WISH I SAW YOU TONIGHT IN LONDON 
@Jonasbrothers I wish I was like you and could just play any instrument my heart desired. But no, only vocals, piano and guitar for me 
@jonasbrothers i wish i was there 
@Jonasbrothers i wish i was! i have to wait until november here in the uk! 
@Jonasbrothers i wish i was... 
@Jonasbrothers i wish you done something like this is in London monday 
@Jonasbrothers I'm rying again for u guys   please come to colombia please please I'm beg you
@Jonasbrothers im so busy, so i couldn't buy LV&amp;TT yet  loove you so much guys and come to brazil again
@jonasbrothers im soo mad at you. you should of covered bonkers  &lt;3
@jonasbrothers is not coming to Malaysia  what can i do to make them come here?? Help me..SOS!!
@jonasbrothers is there a reason why ireland has disappeared off the team jonas tour list? 
@Jonasbrothers is your youtube account really suspended? 
@Jonasbrothers It's not out in Australia till the 19th June  REALLY SAD!
@Jonasbrothers KEVIN MARRY MEE, I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER, AND I KNOW COOKING! GIVE ME A CHANCE  BRAZIL LOVES YOU &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers Lines, Vines and trying time 
@Jonasbrothers My album still hasn't arrived I pre-ordered it and it is taking like ages to get here 
@Jonasbrothers my favorite song is 'Im standing here but you dont see me, i'd give it all for that to change' i dont know what its called 
@jonasbrothers my friends and i all had work last night so we couldnt watch the JONAS premiere.  so tonight we are having a tivo party!
@JonasBrothers Nick, you destroyed my dreams 
@Jonasbrothers nickj what about miley?  HUUUUUUUUH ? 
@Jonasbrothers nickj, what about miley?   HUUUUUUUUH ? 
@Jonasbrothers nileyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love u guys i bet all of you did great tonigh to bad im in ny 
@Jonasbrothers now i hav to wait until monday ... to watch it but im at skool!!!!!!!!!! 
@Jonasbrothers oh guys i missed your live chat  , i'm in final exams i couldn't get on the computer 
@Jonasbrothers oh it must have been amazing!  i wish i could have been there  we love you so much here in Argentina â™¥
@Jonasbrothers omj i wanna be in Dallas now! 
@Jonasbrothers Please release your Australian dates! it's sad enough that we feel left out and jealous 
@Jonasbrothers pshhhht! it should be AUSTRALIA HERE WE COME! 
@Jonasbrothers still waitin' 4 the Nick's basketball video n Joe's single ladies dance 
@Jonasbrothers stupid haters got your youtube deleted wtf? 
@Jonasbrothers that's awesome !! ily, guyys :] when will you come back to CHILE ?? we miss you 
@JonasBrothers the link wont work for me  what is it?! xxx
@Jonasbrothers we arent getting our released till' 19th 
@jonasbrothers we went to two walmarts and neither of them would give us the new cd. We have to wait until morning 
@Jonasbrothers when will you be coming to London (sorry question mark button thingy isn't working  &gt;  )
@Jonasbrothers When will you come back to Brazil? I'm very sad because I didn't go to the show  I love you, guys!
@Jonasbrothers why does everyone get it before the USA? 
@Jonasbrothers why is ur youtube account suspended 
@jonasbrothers wish i was there  probably wont see you this summmer
@Jonasbrothers Y A Y! do u guys not @reply anyone anymore 
@jonasbrothers YAY LVATT COMES OUT IN MY CITY IN 10HRS AND 40MINS but I can't get it till Saturday  so just one more day after tomoz =D
@jonasbrothers you concert in ireland sold out in 9mins and i never got tickets  please add another date here!!
@JonasBrothers you didn't answer questions from twitter in your webchat did you? 
@Jonasbrothers you didn't say hi to victoria and me in the chat! it was sad  but we love ya &lt;3
@jonasbrothers your live chat day is like, my busiest day ever. if your chat is longer then an hour, maybe i can watch it! 
@Jonasbrothers your not coming to scotland! 
@jonasbrothers your youtube account has been SUSPENDED!  8(  (PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!)
@JonasBrothersOx Nopee :/ She won't even let me go to their concert |: I hatee herr 
@jonascyrusfan http://twitpic.com/82n41 - soo cute, so true... :Â´) but may be is to latee even when you are in love with the person... 
@JonasFan92KSA whatcha doing? I never u see u on twitter?..  http://myloc.me/24zY
@Jonasfanlove Haha, she's great!  There doesn't seem to be anymore JONAS eps on YouTube now though! Only the first 4 
@jonasgrrl kate has been about to cry all night 
@jonasgrrl so i guess you really wont b able to have a vehicle on campus this year 
@jonasgrrl yep its hard being with family so much sometimes 
@jonasgrrl you have to be 21 to drive a rental vehicle 
@jonaskevin  #jonaskevin. ugh/ i wish my picture would upload.  ughh #jonaskevin  #jonaskevin  #jonaskevin  #jonaskevin
@jonaskevin  hey kevin or k2  .... umm can you plzzzz convince joe to make a twitter i cant find his anywere  .... thnx xox luv you guyz
@jonaskevin  i bught your cd and it have a paper of the 3D dvd promo. and it said to go to JonasCoupon.com but the page dosn't exist. 
@jonaskevin @nickjonas goodluck tomorrow on the Today show! I wish i could be there, but i got my internship on the upper east side 
@jonaskevin AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MORRI kevin i love you. come back to brazil PLEASE 
@jonaskevin come to brasilia. i need you ! 
@jonaskevin Congrats!! I wonder how the concert was! I couldn't go  But don't worry, I'll go to another one! haha well... so, Good night!!
@jonaskevin haha it's true!, twitter make me feel so close at you and nick, argentinian fans are miles away from you 
@jonaskevin hey! i wish you guys could come to singapore! i was really sad when i saw that you were going to Peru  cuz im from there. ily
@jonaskevin Hi keviin, what ae you doing? Peruu miss you . did you know? 
@jonaskevin Hi Kevin Im a madrid fan Â¿Why you live the concert like that? I was waiting all the they to see u 
@jonaskevin I can't believe we have to wait until autumn or &quot;fall&quot; as you say, to see you again 
@jonaskevin I didnt get an @reply from you today  Follow me and @xjackie I sent you reasons earlier!
@jonaskevin I haven't gotten a shout out  BTW, &quot;Hey Baby&quot; is THE bomb!
@jonaskevin i know that you have fans a lot, but try answer me, please  love you and your brothers,jonas brothers are me life,my big dream
@jonaskevin I want to see but don't open here 
@jonaskevin I want your CD to be here  i want it SO bad!
@jonaskevin i wish i could go  but i love in england  
@jonaskevin i wish i could go to your concert on 06-20-09 this saturday i really wanted to go but my parents couldn't afford any 
@jonaskevin KEVIN PLEASE REPLY ME  love yooou, I'm from Brazil
@jonaskevin my plans are to study for my exams  what are your plans?
@jonaskevin oooohhh i love Starbucks &lt;3 but there isn't here 
@jonaskevin We want u back in Spain .. 
@jonaskevin Wish i was in Dallas 
@jonaskevin you better  it made me sad to not see you in my @replies anymore!
@jonaskevin you never reply me kevin  ! WHY?  U-U
@jonaskevinMy friends and I called ahead to see if we could pick up a copy at midnight and apparently the stock lady didn't show that day 
@jonasl I'm having trouble with #google too, what's wrong with it?  Life is over 
@jonaslovato @Becky_x_x_ I know girls... I'm not talking about you 'cause I know you guys respect this.. talking about others 
@jonasobsessedx ._.; Thanxxx ! Now with that message I just wanna leave !! )= ! BYE ! 
@jonasobsessedx :/ Al final I don't even think I'll goo  Oh well, timings are from 1, not 4 (=
@JonasPoisonIvy aww. I'm sorry you were scared!! 
@JonasRoxs4Ever lol yeah i'm sry  i hate commenting lol messaging is way better 4 me.
@JonasRoxs4Ever yeah i was shocked they did! since they r totally anti-jonas  but i guess they realized i'm gonna love them no matter what
@jonasrules7878 I've seen it already, I just went to see it again.. And yeah I saw it. I did it.. but uhm. That's a little.. rude. 
@jonathan_cruz hwahahah joke lang. don't frown 
@Jonathan_Hlibka Too late! I insulted a construction worker who gave me attitude for walking in the wrong direction @ Queen/Yonge. 
@JonathanAB how was your weekend, fatty? You said you were gonna call bak, but you didn't 
@jonathanAsmith a month and a bit!! Coming back soon though 
@jonathands  Clean Me!
@jonathangarcia btw, thanks for NOT warning me that the sky was about to pour on me when i left for lunch.... 
@jonathanhunt I know! It's b/c I didn't get to see you while I was in LA. 
@jonathaninoff tadinho 
@jonathanlai  sadness. I would love a nice car but no $$$. Ever. Damn my salary
@JonathanNater  - gotta love working on sunny w/e's Started SEOing at 6AM so I could go fix a roof at midday. Not even mine! Miss FA cup 
@JonathanRKnight  aww dont say it like that. that makes me wicked sad 
@JonathanRKnight  FINE babe.  just ignore me.  
@JonathanRKnight  No Jon tonight???
@JonathanRKnight  You sure did do some tweets, and i missed them  glad to see you're enjoying urself, always nice to hear from you. x
@jonathanrknight @joeymcintyre @donniewahlberg @jordanknight @dannywood @nkotb Can I get a tweet, guys? 
@jonathanrknight @jordanknight @donniewahlberg @dannywood I know u guys get TONS of tweets but I feel invisible 'cuz I NEVER get a reply! 
@JonathanRKnight @silver_tulip27 Um, that would be a hell no to the fugly poker dog pants on the cruise!  Hi Jonathan, sorry I missed you 
@jonathanrknight 5 brothers and 1 million crying sisters  sad!
@JonathanRKnight Again that would be *twuckered* lol damn crackberry! I'm not even getting my updates 
@JonathanRKnight Are you still sleeping? Going to Donnie's after party tonight? I want to but by the time I get there it will be all over 
@JonathanRKnight aw ok goonite....  
@JonathanRKnight aww..Me too!! Coming from FL to see u guys in ATL..really wish you'd reschedule your florida shows  luv ya jon!
@JonathanRKnight awwe i wish i could go to every show on the summer tour  got any openings???
@JonathanRKnight Awww Jon...that really makes me sad. We know it is real but it is so hard to think about it.  So glad I get to see you.
@JonathanRKnight awwww 
@JonathanRKnight could you hook me up with 1 meet and greet? TRUST ME - i'm a total loser with no friends that would even go with me LOL 
@jonathanrknight did they find the plane yet  terrible tradgedy.
@jonathanrknight do u hear that sound? Its 50,000 hearts breaking at the same time  how bout just a break? Not an &quot;all done&quot; 
@JonathanRKnight Don't do it! Disgusting! 
@jonathanrknight dont forget to hug ur mom ;-) Happy Mothers day 2 her as well.I will cyber hug my mom later.shes so far away.i miss her 
@JonathanRKnight From your fingertips to our hearts  The thought just breaks my heart. NKARMY 4 EVER!
@JonathanRKnight Good Knight hun! Looking forward to ur tweets again! Hate that i keep missing out on the fun cuz of the time difference 
@JonathanRKnight Happy Uncle Jon Day!!  One bad thing about the military, our family always seens to be aprt during them  
@JonathanRKnight Have you seen this Video already ?? http://bit.ly/m04Hw   I`m still waiting for an answer... 
@JonathanRKnight haven't u ever heard that if u can't say nice things u shouldn't say anything at all  *lots and lots of tears*
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/101r1x
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/ktY9U
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/rmjt2
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/SG43V
@JonathanRKnight Hey Honey, please give me a sing( DM) if you see my vid. I`ll still be waiting for an answer 
@JonathanRKnight hey Jon !  are u all ready for the cruise ??  ??  don't forget to call us ! the ones that couldn't make the cruise 
@JonathanRKnight Hey Jon! South African fan here, any chances of a SA leg of the tour! I've never had the privilage, not even a hello 
@JonathanRKnight hey what happen with Australia tour?  was sooooo looking forward to it  boo hoo
@JonathanRKnight hi from Ireland when u coming back?? A shout out would be cool ur bro always forgets us over here in rainy Ireland 
@JonathanRKnight hope it wasn't a bee!! 
@JonathanRKnight hope you enjoy your day. Don't just the koi pond. Enjoy a day w/ your mother. I wish I could spend it w/ my mom -rip 
@JonathanRKnight I am so new to this how do I know if you can even see and read my MSG?! Help! 
@JonathanRKnight I can't believe u like dat show. Its my favorite show! I hate dat its on so late on sunday, gotta work da next day 
@jonathanrknight I cant sleep  i hate insomnia.
@JonathanRKnight I guess that's a no then. 
@JonathanRKnight I love brothers &amp; sisters! Honestly it's 1 of my fav shows and oh it's pouring with rain in the UK. Heatwave over 4 now 
@jonathanrknight i think we deserve an apology for the FU comment, especially wen were behind ur back... 
@JonathanRKnight I wish I could follow my heart...but every single time that I follow my heart I end up hurt 
@JonathanRKnight I wish that I could see you guys this summer I'm a bit bummed about it why not more shows in CANADA??? 
@JonathanRKnight I`m so sad right now. I should go to work but I could after your last words.  I hope there is a chance to see you again
@JonathanRKnight I'm all for you guys taking a HUGE break bc you deserve it...but don't leave us. 
@JonathanRKnight I'm not Jon........  Just got the news elsewhere.........
@JonathanRKnight I'm sorry some people don't understand that u guys have loved ones (not to mention jobs) that u need to devote time to. 
@JonathanRKnight I'm still confused. I dunno what you're talking about. 
@JonathanRKnight I've never seen a single episode! Does that put me on your bad list?  *hides*
@JonathanRKnight JON!! I'm trying not to watch any spoilers on youtube before my 1st show, but I don't know much longer I can last! lol. 
@JonathanRKnight jon, i just woke up and when i have read your words all the sadness came to me  yes, i almost cry..
@JonathanRKnight Life sure is precious...and in some cases it ends way too early!  It's important to enjoy life while you can-no regrets!
@JonathanRKnight LMAO at the buses floating away. I hope it doesn't rain on Wed. 4 u here in Pa! So far it might! 
@JonathanRKnight LOL Come back to Ireland. We will show you how to have a good time. thats not fair. you are all the way over there.   XO
@JonathanRKnight lol, i would love to be 'banged' in jones beach on 6/12 (i think) but i have no $$  u were always my fave jon. have fun!
@JonathanRKnight lost my oldest brother dec 27, 2008 i dont wish that pain on anyone   gotta live it up 2morrow is not promised
@JonathanRKnight Oh please do not talk that way.  You have no idea how sad &quot;Last&quot; and &quot;shows&quot; in the same sentence makes us.
@JonathanRKnight ok we are so not gonna talk about anything past the summer. i cant even listen to 'officially over' it makes me cry 
@JonathanRKnight ok well now we're all sad. 
@JonathanRKnight ok, I am reallly sad now     I finally watched the movie Marley and Me and it is sooo sad.  
@JonathanRKnight ok...am now officially depressed 
@JonathanRKnight OMG................... don't even go there pls........... I don't want to think about that now........ or ever!  DONT! 
@JonathanRKnight peas are yummy!  So do you think it's time for me to leave work? I have no one to go home to 
@jonathanrknight R u sharing ur Tylenol w/evry1 or has exhaustion set in after 3 shows in a row? No TweetFest 2knight!  Hope 4 1 SOON!
@JonathanRKnight R U still on? really serious about only 10 more wks?  then what? or don't know yet?
@JonathanRKnight Same - it's a tragedy 
@JonathanRKnight she will be 4 on the 23rd &amp; wants to see NKOTB so bad on the 13th but I could't get tickets in time  shes a Blockhead 
@JonathanRKnight Shhhh, we dont talk about that 
@JonathanRKnight so do i  I wanna be partying at the top deck 
@JonathanRKnight that really was an awful trip!    so glad you made it safely to your place - hope you get that much needed rest.  
@JonathanRKnight that stuff is awesome, can't get it in Canada though  can u bring me some in TO?? Please
@JonathanRKnight that was a really good interview....good night think of me...I still have 2 1/2 hours to work before I can sleep  
@JonathanRKnight Thought we'd hear from u again b4 bedtime. Guess not this time! 
@JonathanRKnight understands you it's long the 6 hour  
@JonathanRKnight Wait...what did I miss??? 
@jonathanRknight walkin' down Beacon Street a tree branch almost took my head off! it's winter here! come back and make the sun come out 
@JonathanRKnight We would but we're in the UK  We need a FULL SERVICE here. Give us a shout out. We were up til 2 in the Mornin..xx
@JonathanRKnight who hun???? Hope you're ok... 
@JonathanRKnight Whoooooa who are we talking about? I don't wanna follow someone if it makes you mad! 
@JonathanRKnight Why Are You Taking Tylenol? Are You Sick?  I Hope You Feel Better Soon You Poor Baby.
@JonathanRKnight Why oh Why did you bring us all to the unmentionable place... we knew it was coming but still in denial 
@JonathanRKnight wish you were on your way to Tampa! FL girls are missing ya! 
@JonathanRKnight won this on the radio and they said it was signed by you but it wasn't  Sunday in TO? http://twitpic.com/7qqja
@JonathanRKnight would love to dm with u but can't 
@JonathanRKnight You are making me sad! I would love to do one show 5* VIP or the cruise next year. I've only been to one show...ever. 
@JonathanRKnight you are making us sad  but hey reality bites usually...hopefully it will be SEE U LATER and not goodbye 4ever.
@JonathanRKnight YOU SKIPPED OUT?! Poor girls!! 
@JonathanRKnight you tweeted and ran? 
@JonathanRKnight. It's my favorite show to watch on Sundays but I loved Prison Break- but alas it's no more! 
@JonathanRKnight...I saw the show in Columbus, OH on 4/4...tried 2 go 2 cincinnati, OH 6/27, but it was sold out  U GUY WERE GREAT!!!!!!!!
@JonathanRoumie I totally made those pancakes last fall. They're good... Even though pancakes make me sick 
@jonathanrudy omg not true! But Moes was TERRIBLE ... Freaking WASTE of calories 
@JonathanSchaff Took a terrible med-school exam, spilled red juice all over my desk/walls/ceiling, been unproductive all day 
@jonathansheely Sorry... 
@jonathanshorter: with garrett and his friends! I'm sorry it was last minute! i should have thought of you  i'll totally see it again
@jonathantonberg - cheers for the le mans link mate - never got the chance to watch it.  I think i have the last hour or so recorded tho.
@jonathantullett true. true. crud, that means i'll have to wait until tonight 
@jonathanyantz that's been happening to me toooo! must be the dreary weather 
@jonaweinhofen I was sleeping, now im labeling a million envelopes 
@JonBBT WHAT?!? Say it's not so! 
@jonbho that's awful  on the bright side, rework reduced? Hopefully codekana will benefit more?
@JonBibbs Oh no  Is everyone okay?
@JonboyEP I well want to go.  Gutted  hope you are enjoying the sunshine jonboy xxx
@jonbuckley  grads have feelings too 
@jonbuscall That's one cool tool Jon, pity it's for Mac oly... 
@jonconnelly  But I like my ipodddd. I give up.
@jonconnelly How sad for me    And here I was thinking you were going to make me swoon.
@jonconnelly Right now, I think that 230 is about as low as I'm going to be able to get trimming fat and building muscle. 
@JonConnelly You can vote every 20 mins I'm on page 2   http://twurl.nl/hxux3o
@jondagus i miss you 
@JonDoll hi! No that is NOT nice! 
@JonDoll i know i am very sad about my shoe 
@JonEFamous I'm jealous... and sad 
@jonellechandler YOU THINK IMA HOOOOOOOOOE!!!!! 
@jonerickson I used to have an RSX. I sure do miss her 
@JonesBeach_1988 could not agree more. 
@JonesBeach_1988 he has a fever and flu like symptoms so he has to stay out for 7 days 
@jonessodaco @gabaguru Gabadar sorely lacks presence in SC. Looks like I'm having to blind purchase some - like I had to for Organics 
@jongalloway yay! http://is.gd/13SPv boo  http://is.gd/13SQp
@JonGauthier you don't like it!?? 
@JONGIRL79 but why? I don't like remaking  I love the original with Kevin Bacon!
@jongosselin Yeah, I understand.. you &amp; your kids are going through a rough time right now. I feel bad.  I hope things work out for you.
@jongulergrey IRL mod privs revoked 
@jonhatesyou aw my dear i'm sorry 
@jonhickman that's just wrong! Can you picture it? 
@jonhickman yeah i did but then I remembered that i've got a radio thing on in the afternoon  epic frown
@joni525  this shit is horrible. I just got to bed but am wide awake. Something is seriously off with my body chemistry.
@joniiii alotttttttttt freakin better except i got cramps cause i started my period today 
@Jonin60seconds tried to edit the page but couldn't add my name  can you pop me on the list please!
@JoninaSauer This totally does stink.   We'll miss you, lots!
@jonincalgary would love to join but have plans. #worstforlastminuteevents 
@JoNjama He probably gets flooded with tweets everytime he posts something. So I'm sure our tweets get lost in the bunch. 
@JonJames3 I'm too lazy to get to the computer!!  lol
@jonjon1303 that's so cool!!! omg, I'm so happy for you! I'm really hoping you get to do both  anyways, I'm just doin a bunch of hws... 
@jonk i still want that awesome harness but fear i won't use it enough to make it worth it. 
@jonk me too  dying for it.
@jonkeefe cheers - though Twitter isn't appearing in drop-down list of blogs that I can select 
@Jonloverobot i wish you came to the UK! 
@jonlow i need to finish my 90 by 3pm 
@jonlow: @shootdiva @edwintcg @benlimphoto idun use IM tho... 
@JonLuke I don't know where the remote is.  &amp; the beer makes it more interesting.
@jonlukecogger LOL, it's different this time tho, there not on a chatroom thing  ....sorry im really obsessed are'nt i :S :L xxx
@jonmcbride I wish it was filling up for me too!  Where are all of the invitations people???
@jonmoskowitz hey jon, btw please send me your contact info again. i lost it 
@jonmrich I cannot DM you because you are not following me. 
@jonmwood i just missed you! saw you walking out of the hub 
@Jonn3DeepCEO punk why haven't I heard from u what kind of bestfriend are u ???? 
@jonnerz U might want 2 contact the twtad mob M8, it says summat wrong with it? Clicked on someone elses earlier with same result 
@jonnieee awhh to bad  i hope you guys come here again soon. I wish it would't have been bad weather, and we could've come  sad, haha.
@jonniemcfly me too! saaaame, they're scary 
@jonny_nk_jacob whats the point tbh, i'm going to bed, you know where your sleeping? in my room again, so be quiet when you come in 
@jonny_no2 Unfortunately, this means no more late night FIFA. 
@Jonny507 I'm not sure myself it's not published is it. 
@jonnyathan hello jonny's sad face 
@jonnyathan yeah  and as for jo............I now need counselling. Did just see muriel gray, looking..well gray
@jonnybgood1992 Actually I haven't. I can't type on my iphone keyboard while driving. 
@jonnyboyslim hah that would be a funny sight! sleep time, mark is makin me go to town v early tomorrow for last minute shoppin  night x
@JonnyClash how did you passed 1600 error ??? 
@jonnydollarUK haha yea, I don't play much 
@JonnyFBee Effing awful 
@JonnyFBee Effing awful  - @JonnyFBee Effing awful  http://bit.ly/11Ft4u
@JonnyFBee Effing awful  http://bit.ly/11Ft4u
@jonnyhunt Wait, what's wrong with that? I do that still.  #pen&amp;inkoldskooldesign
@jonnykaplan that's just a little bit funny - sorry 
@JonnyPaula Oh dear, you've started auto-Facebook-updating-via-Twitter already 
@JonnyPotter I want a powerful Mac too  but I want to put it on my lap as I sit on my sofa.. MACBOOK PRO!!!!
@JonnyPotter The Simpsons on demand thing doesn't work in the UK 
@jonnyram Oh craaaaaaaaap I didn't know  Damnit. Bayonneta! A game I literally could not care about at all on any level ever.  thx tho!
@jonnyrockkills oh i havent had any exciting snacks today ! 
@jonnyskov nice... i'm stuck babysitting tonight... 
@jonnyunited just when I thought my commute was starting to go my way 
@jonnywales1 Yeah, i'm revising for textiles and science 
@jonnyyiasoumis We're screwed for Politics... we really are 
@Jono_Ethan grrr so jealous of you right now 
@Jono_Ethan nope nothing constructive today.  i'm so lazy lately
@jono_unltd what is unltd anyway?! how is a person unlimited? its much too hard to spell.  you failll!!!! .. yea, I sound kinda lame there
@jonoakden Thought we were all waiting for you to have a holiday?  I don't have a horga'hn 
@jonobacon I have funny pictures for you on my profile... guess you have to follow the posts (nothing involving u)... sorry.  
@jonomacdono aparently apple is withholding all IM client updates. Ppl think the push server won't handle it 
@jonoread There's none in N'pton yet. My school can't be closed 
@JonoSare Which country you leaving? America? I remember Paul Daniels saying he'd leave if Labour won &amp; the numpty didn't keep his word 
@jonpaulkaiser I'm probably worse than you lol so sorry, these photos are seriously long overdue  last time I buy a Sony cam: rubbish!
@Jonperezinsd @BoomboxBui I can't tonight... I am still sore!  Hopefully I'll be ready within the next couple of days.
@Jonperezinsd Yeah I'm super full too, but not sleepy. 
@jonraff Thats bcuz I need love 
@jonregen It says the video is unavailable.  
@jonrog1 Hey, it'd be better than Keanu Reeves as Spike 
@JONSGIRL6769 it's raining in Toronto too 
@JONSGIRL6769 she would laugh at me 2 begin with an she's going to jamboree in the hills won't happen 
@jonskeeetskeeet I had to snap a Vic in half, it was too late to take my migraine meds 
@jonspenceley In total, my dad's band of brothers dvds $60, superbad $15, my NEW leather jacket $125, &amp; receipts totaling $89,  
@jonsteingard hey follow me? imm sad you guys arent on my dads stage this year 
@JonsTubeGirl I don't have any money so I can't get a pedi 
@JonsVeronica lol not far off. Just above my ankles  i look awful!
@JonsVeronica Oh I see, I'm sorry for you  I understand your situation must be really stressful :-/ Hope u can remember something soon
@JonsVeronica Oh I'm sorry to hear that  Did you go to the doctor's? Hope you feel better soon
@jontymisra I don't know how you lived with that! haha. I've had my MDG laptop for 2 years and it's starting to have problems now 
@jontymisra That's true, damn, you're right. The CPU is pretty bad. K, looks like I'll have to look for something else 
@jonubian I do, I do! I was overlooking your tweets until I realized who you were 
@jonvdp Thanks, Jon. I miss you too.  It's been almost 6 weeks.  Just 21 more weeks to go....    It's sooo hard being away from you guys!
@jonvwebb I didn't know them personally, but it is a tragic loss. They were inspiring to say the very least... Always a shock... 
@jonwaldock Wow dude, that's not the best of situations  Glad you had a nice evening with her!
@jonwoodward ... settle for normal ones. 
@JonYouknoJon i wanna laugh...but it's still so sad.  lol..okay..it is kiiinda funny!
@joobz i miss you already jid 
@joocedivinee i do but i dont use it... 
@JooleeAnnA I hear ya this week was the same here fot suspended from work, tryin to get travel arrangments done 4our *lovely* trip 2MI 
@JooleeAnnA No Joolee  What's wrong, sweety? ANything I can help with?
@jools_dk aw longest 4 days ever 4 u then. im gonna be checking youtube 4 anything -and everything- tomorrow.that will have to do 
@joolyaah I burned my cupcakes  I thought the timer on the oven will shut off the gas
@joolzgirl yes, sleep and coffee would be good but my coffee shop around the corner isn't open for some reason...so sad! 
@joomlacommunity @sanderpotjer Hmm. Link shows up empty on #iPhone  http://yfrog.com/0dj6ej
@joonomi &quot;joonomi: I'm gonna go study now.. **** my teacher for not delaying my exam for tomorrow  &quot; #meedan #iranelection
@joooline AWW Tor you have to make kwento, I felt really bad about your text last night. 
@joooline Yeah 
@jooooooooohn Yeah I agree its ridiculous... 
@Joorrie I know!  he's in Spain somewhere, and I can't go to Starbuck cuz we don't have starbucks in Slovenia!  ugh
@jootrinh i hella missed the mtv awards  but the reruns on!
@jopang Dude... That's disgusting!!! Yuck!  I'd be traumatized too, LOL
@joped  can i help?
@Jopoates stinks, really stinks for ya lady 
@JOR_DYNAMITE yayy and boo  you'll talk to them soon! And we miss you too!&lt;3
@joram10 Wish I could go to the Masterclass tmr but apparently invitees only.  I don't rate as worthy of invite.    Will check re catchup
@joraye so nice, if I had 5k I would have one too!! 
@jorbajorsa OMG I'm so sorry, bb! That was totally all my fault. With a little help from Jase, but it was mostly me. 
@jorchsehomela i want a candy 
@jord4ns yeah dude, i have no fucking idea what's happened hahah, yeah tuesday is teh last day  r.i.p best house evuuur.
@jordaaaannnn the Nowhere man wont be happy about that  we should go hide in the Octopus's garden.
@Jordalynn really? man mine arent yet 
@Jordan Knight You don't know hwat you are missing in AUGUST!! 
@jordan_marshall my mum does that ALL the time. an like my 6&amp;8 yr old cousins love hannah montana so i just get called 
@jordan_roberts  you didn't have it a week ago. I'm disappointed in you 
@Jordan_Ruffin oh no! I totally forgot! Your usually the one to remind me 
@jordan0rly LOL no it wasn't me  but I was tempted to go by today actually!
@jordan1507 I'm all blipped out. You can only blip so many songs a day! 
@jordanataylor no  my parents wouldn't take me down  i can't effing wait till i get my license. 
@jordanbartowski I'm sorry  My bad night was last night. They really suck and should just go away.
@jordanbartowski Yeah, ticketmaster is usually fast for me  So that sucks! Hope you get the tickets though!
@jordanboesch  What a stink!!  
@JordanCalia Where was it playing? Louise and I went at AMC on the Commons, but not 3D. 
@JordanCondra i hope you didnt forget about me yet  i don't think you did, but i'm worried.
@JordanDFox i know!!!! it was sooooo scary! i was freaking out too 
@jordangoodrich i miss the molly song! and ALL of your songs 
@jordanhowell aww!  what happened???????????????
@jordanhowell awww damn!  At least I can be safe in the knowledge I was pretty close. =D
@jordanhowell history 
@jordanhowell hmm i guess, went to sleep at 4am woke up at 12...said I would be revising like 2 hours ago but I haven't yet 
@jordanhowell Not looking forward to that one! Yeah, i have 2 Latins and a Geog 
@jordanhowell Yep. 
@jordanhowell Yup. looks like it. However, when I go onto the site, it says the sever is down 
@JordanisCreativ It is?  Not here 
@jordankingsley ur facebook link doesnt work either or u or they took it down 
@jordanknight   Happy Father's Day!! I hope you have a wonderful day!  I lost my dad 16 years ago. 
@jordanknight   wondering the same thing.. though my hibs ripped the covers off the bed before he left.. woke my butt up..   
@jordanknight  aww jordan it would make my day so much better if u just replied back and said hi or something.. having a bad day 
@jordanknight  don't know how send a pic  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
@jordanknight  funnily enough thats how I roll too - oh oh TINK ........Woke up, back to my push bike 
@jordanknight  hope ur back is better soon...no more basketball til the tour is over!!
@jordanknight  i just lose some one special in my life ... my daddy... what advise you should give me...   i really feel very depressed...
@JordanKnight  sending you a TWUG!!!!  but I won't squeeze too hard, I know you back hurts.   feel better soon, see you in Toronto! xoxo
@jordanknight  We cant get those one over here in Ireland!! 
@jordanknight .... or not 
@jordanknight @DonnieWahlberg You speak when one sleep and you will lie down when one rises.   Good night and full with kisses
@jordanknight @NKOTB @joeymcintyre This vid id great...I second that ..  http://bit.ly/vVR52
@jordanknight Aah I just realised..I bet you're busy picking your winner aren't you.. I won't hold my breath..!!!! 
@jordanknight all is quiet in twitterland 2day. 
@jordanknight Aw  Hang in there, Jordan! I'm sorry you're hurtin!
@jordanknight Aww pity ya didn't get enjoying ur muffin  unless ur in the uk it aint a good muffin  sounds wrong :-s
@jordanknight awww fail at 140 characters or less 
@jordanknight ay dios mio! Coffin  I'd hope not. Get your rest! Love you tooo! Besos y abrazos! &lt;3
@jordanknight been trying all day but I can't get to the site to vote 
@jordanknight can u send some of that heat to the bean?its chilly in june  sooo not right!
@jordanknight Damn my messages must get lost for sure!! After seein' all those replies to you! Very sad!   lol
@jordanknight do ure eyelashes not TINK anymore? Cuz we haven't gotten one 2day 
@jordanknight do you mean you have asian contest for aussie tour? sounds like no asian dates to me. 
@jordanknight don't know how seend a pc  Sorry !
@jordanknight following all of u and still waiting for a shout out to Ireland!! Feeling sooooo left out 
@jordanknight Gonna be 10th row in tdot,no MG  I was really hoping u could give me my birthday spankings ;) wahooo,on stage if u have to!
@jordanknight had a great time but I got zero facetime   except during q&amp;a!!!  Love u for it!
@jordanknight happy birthday Jordan.. and.. happy cruise.... i would to be on the cruise too!!! whit all of you!!!  kiss ... :*
@jordanknight Hey Jordan its 07.34 here in the UK, kids back to school today and im back at college   missing u guys so much in scotland x
@jordanknight hey! Haven't heard much tweeting from you in the past couple of days!  Hopefully you are getting some R&amp;R. How is your b ...
@jordanknight http://twitpic.com/6tijy - I would send you my pics from VA Beach but I was NOT that close. 
@jordanknight I actually got it this time 2!!!! Sad I'll get no credit!! 
@jordanknight I am watching the Full Service Concert...oh wait it was cancelled, guess no full service for me and the rest of my posse 
@jordanknight I can't get on the link to vote 
@jordanknight I cant watch that Jordan, says its not available in my country 
@jordanknight I guess u missed all my tweets yesterday  I was basically beggin 4 a Happy Bday shout out. My Bday is 1 month after urs.
@jordanknight i had to google JackRuby! n felt like a loser cuz i shouldve known who him :-/ ughh... hist n ppl are mos def not my thing 
@jordanknight I hope your back feels better 
@jordanknight i hope your back gets better by sunday i would hate to watch you perform with a sore back 
@jordanknight I know 
@jordanknight I LOVE JON!! but i don't know how you would have known that so I don't think it's me 
@jordanknight I meant &quot;couldn't.&quot; Too bad I COULDN'T afford VIP! Sucks to be a student 
@jordanknight I miss you! Come back!! 
I'm bored @ wheelock place. Wants a Mocha Frapp naozzzz. 
I'm Bored again  Who else is Online?
I'm bored and bobo is still really cranky.  Almost bed time for him and Bree...
I'm bored and have nothing to do  wanna watch transformers, syp mw nemenin? 
I'm bored and homesick! 
I'm bored and hungry. Kinda want to go out, but I'm still sickies. 
I'm bored and I can't leave my house... 
I'm bored and I don't want to be working right now 
Im bored and i miss my bestfriend Haley. Haley where are you? 
im bored and lonely and i miss al my firends 
im bored and no one else is awake 
I'm bored and no-one is online to chat with 
I'm bored and restless and tempted to come tonight..starting to feel better but don't want to push it 
I'm bored and still tired.. What's wrong with me? 
im bored and thats it  need somthing to do
I'm bored and tired and bummed out 
Im bored as hell. Its like Nearly 4am and im still awake! I think i suffer from Insomnia or something.... 
I'm bored at home doing nothing. 
i'm bored at home right now 
I'm bored at the airport  Text me anyone? Even though I'm pretty sure everyone is sleeping...
I'm bored at work 
im bored at work. I don't want to work tonight 
i'm bored at work. nobody to talk to. timmy's left me 
i'm bored dude Â¬Â¬ nobody wants to take me to mcdonalds... 
Im bored i really wish that i had someone its friday 
I'm bored in asda and the bgt final has already started 
I'm bored in the ville. 
I'm bored lying in daniels bed I'm also super cold 
im bored now  dont feel like going twitter hopping, so im twitter-spamming! 
i'm bored of being sick now. i wanna go out somewhere. but medication making me far too sleepy to drive and hubby cant 
im bored sittin on the computer 
I'm bored sitting in the house but its 2 wet 2 go out anywhere 
im bored too 
I'm bored too... wish i could go back to @MsLeyla 
im bored watching the tv. i wan to watch something. 
im bored weather has me feeling blue 
im bored while watchin nascar 
IM BORED! There's aboslutely NO good movies on youtube. I miss actually GOING 2 the movies w/ my friends. Im outta the country so i can't 
im bored!!!!!!! blog you say? (sidenote: @femmetality = anti blog  )
im bored, and no one is wanting to chill so im going downtown and gonna do an open mic comedy, yup random moment stand up! wish me luck! 
Im bored, dunnno what to wear for music night 
I'M BORED, i feel like driving around but have no where in particular to go 
I'm bored, I have nothing to do 
Im bored, its cold and I really need bread and cheese 
Im bored, sitting waiting for something exciting to happen. No chance of that though!! 
i'm bored.  everyone is at school. &gt;8l
I'm bored.  No one to talk to.
I'm bored.  What are you guys doing? 
im bored. and grounded. and im trying to learn the hoedown throwdow, but thats not working to well 
im bored. i know i should leave my bed now 
I'm BORED. It's been BEYOND slow and I still have 4 hours. 
I'm bored. No internet. I haven't made it downtown or to the beach yet. 
I'm bored. some class tests tomorrow ...don't wanna learn  i hate it ....but i have 2  
I'm bored. Sun it's not present in a sky  . I deppressed so much! I want see the SUN...
I'm bored. Work is dead &amp; I still have 3 1/2 hours before I can leave for #torchsong. 
im bored.. just watched gossip girl. the ep where they're gonna bury bart.. etc... nd i cried when blair told chuck that she loves him... 
I'm bored.. sitting her by myself watching the game waiting for Tre to come back but I'm begining to think he isn't 
I'm bored...  And I don't want to do my exam tomorrow!
I'm bored... I need my mouse 
i'm bored... no friends available  that's sad
i'm bored... nobody's onn anymoree 
im bored... wanna go swimming so badly!!!!! 
I'm bored.... i wish other people would quit their jobs so i'd have someone to hang out with 
i'm bored........ talk to me plss 
im bored...and lonely. 
im bored.my babe is out and i miss him 
I'm boredd!!!  Hell... I could stay up until... Until.. :l
im boreddd and i want orlando to win but there loosing 2-0 
I'm boreddd now. 
I'm boredddd. The day has gone quick  I don't like it!
im boredddd... i dont want to doo anymoree work 
im boreddddd, being home alone is boringg... 
im boredddddd wanna party  but ders no 1 round 
i'm bored-i'm tired-i'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyy  Ok I'll go to make a tour for the House. xD
I'm boreeddd...... and @ilove1djdanger is probably already in texas! (__ ill miss ya girly 
i'm boreeeeeeddddd!! 
I'm boring  ... But, I think I'll go the supermarket!! :s
im boring  i really dont understand how to use this 
i'm borred :S miss my baby cakes @jovi_jonas where are u gorl?  she's gone!
I'm bout 2go smoke. I'm not an addict. I just need my medicine. I wanna drink, but I'd hate 2 work myself up sexually 4 a let down. 
im bout to put my headphones on and watch a movie. to sleepy for work. 
Im bowling and not drinking 
Im brd so im finkin bout stuff n she came up,  now all i can fink bout is wt shes dun 2 reck my life n once confrontd bout it slappd me 
I'm broke  Girls night out!&lt;3
I'm broke bitch  shit sucks! I need to take out a loan. Any takers?
I'm broke cuz she got all she wanted! Going hoe finally!   AMR 
Im buggered! 8.2km walk home then I had to jump through the bathroom window. 
Im bumbed though cuz ima miss da laker game        |double sad face|
I'm bummed   Didn't work out so good with Anthony and I'm VERY depressed.
I'm bummed b/c my iPhone case is ripped on the corner! It looks crappy now 
Im bummed cause my email via Outlook not working.Going thru Yahoo 4 email, cumbersom. Got to get a tech over, hopefully today.  Paul sends
i'm bummed i'll be missing the mermaid parade this year  had mad fun in 08. Its june 20th, in case ya'll wanna go.
I'm bummed that I missed the passion pit show last night  I really like this group. I hope their next show in Houston is forthcoming.
im bummed that i'm not going to chicago on monday anymore. 
i'm bummed, the 15 dollar seats for WWE Bash are sold out  i don't want to pay 45 dollars for seats. guess i'll keep searching.
I'm bummed. I haven't been able to read my who what wear or wwd emails in like 2 months! 
I'm bummed. Radio station is giving away away Lucinda Williams tix and I'm not eligible. Rather of seen Lucinda than Ben 
im bunning, it's just about the end of april and tho im glad (winter is gone?) im still not warm enough 
i'm burning up...i'm very hot...my shoulders are burning 
im burning. argh. sooo hot here. 
i'm burnt  annd i have to work at mcdonalds 4-close .. im goin to hate it   &lt;3 you all
I'M BURNT!! .. I FEEL ASLEEP IN THE SUN  .. I LOOK SILLY!
I'm busy right now 
i'm buy an LG 32LG53 this weekend. sorry guys, i'm not strong enough 
I'm buying a new house.  Life is looking up !! Love life is in the tank though  
I'm calling off, I feel like my head is going to explode 
Im catching a bus to the beach...except, the bus just left 
I'm catching a cold a little bit 
I'm catching cold 
I'm chatting with Kimmy dear. Oh snap, I miss her. 
Im chiilin for minute then its off to work..Borders here I come 
I'm chillin' at home. Bored off my ass. Looking at the weather outside. Think I'm going to get soaked when I go to work. 
Im chillin with my friends and their boyfriends/husbands and kids  where's a man for me?
Im chilling here with my doggy tinky just watching tv. Don't you just hate when people ignore you? Well that's how im feeling now 
I'm cleaning my room!  Summer vacation is so awesome right now!
I'm cleaning out my laptop as I am handing it over to someone else tomorrow.  Goodbye laptop  Hope hubby buys me another one soon!
I'm clearly having an allergic reaction to something  my face feels like it's on fire  http://twitpic.com/88cym
I'm clenching my jaw while I sleep, what's up with that 
IM client is not coming online  why, why, why?
i'm closer to him than my dad's real dad. 
Im closing 
I'm cold  I wish I had something to dooooo!
I'm cold  my feet 'specially. They might fall off. I kind of need them for things.
I'm cold  Nothing better than a hot coffee and watch movies!
I'm cold (N), had to hang washing out in PJssss; it's hot in the sun but when the wind comes -shivers- 
I'm cold and dizzy   idk what's wrong with me but I don't enjoy it
I'm cold and I lost my 'best in wa' sticker 
im cold and tired. 
I'm cold and tired. It's freezing both outside and indoors. Sometime the Swidish summer really sucks! No fun 
I'm cold and wet. 
Im cold! And i wanna talk to leo! 
I'm cold, and no one's stopping. I'm thinking about closing up shop. 
I'm cold.  and i'm not going with Tyler tonight. I don't feel like it. Plus i have Baccalaureate tomorrow.
I'M COLD. And the weather is CRAP. 
I'm cold. Could do with a cuddle 
i'm cold. i believe all this. 
I'm cold. Oh shit 
I'm cold...   it's 62 degrees outside and the dang air conditioner is on...WTF?!?
i'm compleately bored 
I'm completely broken. 
I'm completely exhausted thanks to yesterday.  Can I go home yet?  
I'm completely exhausted...I feel like I could sleep for days. Wish I could cuddle.  nite nite
Im completely exhusted...its only 5.15pm and im ready for bed 
I'm completely home alone: The 'rents are in DC, brother left back to Miami. 
I'm concerned about a girlfriend.  I hope she's okay.
im concerned that i cant find the key to my moped  - i have also burned my toast :*( boohoo
I'm confused about him 
i'm confused. a &quot;friend&quot; just deleted me off of fb/twitter w/ no expln. even blocked my ass! we talked daily until he did this. wth 
im confused. what is this actually ? 
I'm considering buying Tweetie for iPhone. Twitterific doesn't have many features 
I'm constantly seeing the spinning beech ball on my MacBook these days. Not sure if it was 10.5.7 or Safari 4 that did it 
I'm contemplating going to bed, it's 1:22AM on a Friday/Saturday Night/Morning!! My social life? Clearly non-existant. 
im convinced im allergic to alcohol, sosoill 
i'm convinced this dog is just going to shit inside the house and stank it up until the end of days. 
I'm counting on a new beginning, a reason for living, a deeper meaning ...  
I'm Courtney, mother of a little boy who will be 1 yr old in just 9 days   #youngmoms
I'm covered head to toe in hives. Awesome. 
Im Craaaaving 'PET' Birthday Cake Ice Cream!!! in the Cake Cones!! 
im cranky today  idk y, maybe im still in my bad mood from last night. I dnt wanna cry again
i'm cranky. i hate waking up mad from a nap 
I'm craving a McDonald's McCafe hot mocha but I won't get one til tomorrow 
Im craving a mermaid roll!!! But I cant find anywhere in Denver that makes em  I guess I have to go back to Nevada.
I'm craving cold Chinese/Thai food from those cute boxes for a midnight snack  can't sleep  insomniaaaa!
I'm craving cookies or something.  Was gonna make some but we have no butter! 
im craving cotton candy riats water ice... but they were out 
I'm craving for a Caramel Sundae &amp; a mango 
I'm craving for junk foods... 
I'm craving for some Yellow Cab pizza. I want New York's Finest! 
Im craving hashbrowns  Boo to having a stupid eating schedule.
I'm craving scones.. Fattening, I know 
Im craving some cinnamon toast crunch. Why is it so cold today!! 
I'm craving some good old fashion Kraft Mac n' Cheese out of the Box. Damn that sounds good right now 
Im craving some sort of dizziness. 
I'm craving wendys  fmllllllll I'm so hungry and we still have a fucking HOUR
i'm crazy about my new profile song on myspace. i want to have it on my ipod 
I'm crazy for thinking that someday you'll change things when you keep on crossing the line.   Sighhh I'm really down tonight 
I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that this copy of Sims 2 works...last copy totally bit it hard. 
im cruising the big m thank god its friday pity i've got a job pity i got shit to do! 
Im crying because im missing hannah and my clock isnt helping me! 
I'm crying cause he's goooooneee.  I'm never gona c him again ( besdies Facebook ) :[ My life is gona SUCCKKK now!!! (
I'm crying like a baby cause I'm watching I Am Sam... 
im crying now knowing that i shouldn`t .wondering why!leaving me when he shouldnt !? 
I'm crying so hard. I really hope she isn't sick. She's my best friend. I love her. 
Im crying. Argh. I hate crying. 
i'm crying... it's officially over. 
I'm currently doing nothing. What a suprise 
I'm currently drinking a mocha frappuccino &amp; my dad is downstairs puking and doing other sickly things. Its not a very happy day for him. 
I'm currently feeling the wrath of too much alcohol consumption 
i'm currently freaking myself out with thoughts of side effects &amp; death due to medications...  i know it's a slim chance but u never know
i'm currently listening to the carpenters' &quot;rainy days and mondays&quot;, this is my song when i'm super lonely and just have a a break up ... 
im currently watching ALLL the mcfly videos, a mcfly marathon  still trying to get @tommcfly to first but i there just isnt enough help 
im cursing the bus i was on on the way home. didnt hear my bell apparentely so i had to walk 2 miles home after a long day at work 
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me! My mouth has never hurt so bad! 
im cutting pics out of magazines of ppl with nice hair cuts cos my work is forcing me to do a reeeeeeeeeeeally boring project on it 
I'm dancing in my house to &quot;Poker Face&quot; in just panties.. *sigh*... I couldn't find a T-Shirt to put on 
I'm dead tight she's havin a good labor!!!!! I was wildin  lol.. Wow..once da head n shoulders r out ahhhhh Relief!! Lol..
i'm debating on going to go get some free continental breakfast or not.... i'd have to go alone 
I'm debating the benefits of a shower. I would stop smelling bad, but also, no longer would the scent of female ejaculate &amp;smoke fill me. 
I'm def having seperation anxiety 
i'm definatly getting sick  my throats so itchy and sore. off to sleep. http://bit.ly/G739e enjoy my new youtube videoz
I'm definitely going 4 Orlando in the finals. I hate LA. Damn Denver Nuggets 
I'm definitely sick today. I hope I'm not sick for my birthday. 
I'm depress today  î?˜
Im depressed  im gonna miss its on with alexa chung 
Im depressed 2day cos im working 2night and i have had no extra sleep 
I'm depressed and little mopey today.    Someone mind cheering me up a bit? I could use it.
I'm depressed I don't get to see the red carpet coverage 
I'm depressed, it now costs more than 25 dollars to fill my gas tank 
i'm desperate for one of my friends to get twitter! Come on!  i wanna get a bleedin direct message! - http://tweet.sg
I'm devastated.. I lost my engagement ring 
I'm developing RSI in my right wrist from all the quotations I'm catching up on.  Ouchies 
I'm Disappointed         N BRokeN HeaRt     T_T
I'm disappointed in the New Moon trailer..... 
i'm disappointed that harry potter is gone from the trends  sigh
I'm disappointed that the new iPhone OS doesn't support MMS yet 
Im disappointed to find Sam Bradley's austin show is one day after I am to return home from texas.    if only we could stay till tuesday.
I'm disappointed with who was voted off SYTYCD tonight...  
I'm dissapointd in the MTV awards best movie last night.  how in the world did twilight beat batman?!!!
im dissapointed that i only have 10 quid saved up in 1ps, 2ps, 5ps, 10ps and 20ps  i was hopin for 20 quid
I'm dissappointed that Thin Lizzy have pulled out of this Sunday's AC/DC gig in Punchestown and The Blizzards are the replacements 
I'm dog sittin at my mum's n I only got basic tv no freeview all weekend  what am I going to do its a disaster missing all things lol 
im doing &quot;homework&quot; for the first time in like 7 months SMH 
im doing 4 weeks worth of homework and going to london till tuesday 
im doing a school project 
im doing art coursework 
I'm doing homework!! buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.. probably i'm not going to sleep 
I'm doing laundry tonight (so I can match with all the guys in the morning) 0500 is going to come early... 
I'm doing maths craps 
I'm doing more organizing than studying for the science final and provincial 
Im doing my homework... 
I'm doing my huge &quot;hate&quot; report!! 
i'm doing nothing at all, just being bored. 
Im doing nothing D: i am SO frickin bored 
I'm doing remote meeting with the customer located in sweden. there is 9 hours of time difference. but it's happy. if US customer, worst 
im doing some coursework, media again 
I'm doing some work at home...sooo boring but somebody have to do it 
i'm doing textiles homework 
im doing this every other minute; am i getting irritating? i miss buying stuffs without worrying about having no money after that. 
I'm doing... nothing. Is there some brazilian people here? 
I'm Doingg Boringg Homeworkk 
I'm donating blood this Saturday with a bunch of friends. I'm not afraid of needles or blood but the only time I did it I got really sick 
I'm done and done and too old for this apparently 
Im done clearing out and now my mom wants me to get a job 
i'm done with him but its only a matter of time till i've got to say goodbye to the ones i love. everyone. i'm goina miss you guys. &lt;/3 
I'm done with the baldrige application development workshop. now the next step is make an applicatiom  pressure!
IM DONE WORKKKKK!!!!!!! THANK GOD... but i have no lady 2 chill wit  lol
I'm done. Honestly. Don't worry about me. I'm over it 
I'm done. I'm finished.. I'm so freaking tired. 
im down and out tonite   someone help me !!!!
I'm down to one follower...  
im down wif flu, sore throat&amp;high fever 
im downloading Killing Floor..  ..i hope i dont scared .. LoL ~
I'm drained. Tired of paperwork and reports. DONE! and I got chocolate cake on my shirt and slacks. Looks like doo-doo! 
I'm dreading my paperound tomorrow, but the pain is nowhere near as the pain I feel when you're not around  xxx
I'm dreading the durian mum will bring back home. Stinky, unpleasantly mushy stuff!! 
I'm dreading the return to work 
I'm dreading tomorrow morning, my sisters and I start training for the lb marathon  altho we plan to run to krispy kreme. Haha
I'm dressed as a PANDA Today!! I want this to be my new facebook picture  no camera... u_u
I'm drinking hot tea because I have sore throat 
I'm drinking Mountain Dew. I'm determined to make it the only pop that I drink today!  It has been so hard to drink just one pop *ugh*
I'm drinking my only beer of the day. A Tire Bite. Damn Minnesota and its no beer sales on Sunday law 
im driven and I go to the car wash to get my shirt sucked up in the vacum now it has a little dust stain.. sad face 
I'm driving listening to my random mixes from back in the day...and jagged edge came on  I miss good music!! Fabolous feat JE trade it all
I'm driving to the other side of the world. Boo Waianae. 
I'm dropping Adobe AIR SDK and Twhirl for packaging. ELS doesn't seem to work 
Im drowning in depresstion! idk how i'll recovery frm this, 2 much failure! 
I'm drowning in tissues and cold and flu medicine.... 
I'm drowning in work. Test and 2 presentations tomorrow then getting ready for finals 
im drunk and i wanna talk  to my wifey but i cant 
Im drunk and not ready for anything else that comes p 
I'm dumb mad I'm not @ Summer Jam!! @KbradHeFresh I think I'll cry if I hear Jay was there!  lol
Im dying  im gonna drink over 9000 gallons of water when i get home and sit in front of the fan mmmm
Im dying  why didnt you answer the phone!
im dying a little inside 
I'm dying a slow slow death right now  Hangover + no sleep + day with screaming children = dying
Im dying here at work. Hungover, hungry and its just me and a bottle of water. 
im dying in pain 
I'm dying of a stuffed up nose ... gotta get to the grocery store for food and afrin - that is if I can breath till then 
I'm dying of boredom. Three more hours at this office watching my sister get teeth work done. 
I'm dying with no Yankee game tonight 
Im dying without my iPod 
I'm eating Ben and Jerry's and I'm not THAT impressed 
I'm eating breakfast at lunch time solo. 
Im eating lasagna... ur favorite food 
I'm eating my breakfast cheesepancakes. Ugh 
I'm eating my morning fruit bowl... Momma forgot to take the seeds out of my watermelon. 
im eating these new skittles called skittles confused, they're ok but at least they dont taste like the starburst ones they were horrible 
I'm ecstatic that i have a 4.3 gpa for the semester right now... i highly doubt it will stay after my other two class grades get posted! 
I'm either holding Julia or she's screaming and crying so I'm going NUTS right about now  Gonna feed her and then bed see if it helps...
I'm embarrassed by my dancing and bball skillz....if u wanna see my dancing go to troygramling.com and click on the Movement video 
Im emotional 
im english so i have no idea what anyone is typing  lol #jtv http://justin.tv/clarasdiary
im entering a long weekend at work 
I'm even more kawawa than before   Fuck my life. Seriously. Fuck it.
I'm exausted ladies.... 
im excited :o for this month but at the same time im sad  . there is so much that is gonna happen. and its the last month with lizzie.
I'm excited about getting to the beach today, but not excited about leaving this little guy.   http://twitpic.com/80761
I'M EXCITED ABOUT THE HALF BLOOD PRINCE !!!....disappointed when it didn't come out last year..... 
I'm excited because my little herb plants have sprouted... all but one.    The one that I dropped.
I'm excited for camp, but Really sad I had to say goodbye to Bryan! 
I'm excited for New Moon to come out!!! I want to watch it right now! 
im excited for this afternoon, could the morning drag on any more ? its taking foreverrrrr 
I'm excited to get a new book tomorrow. I finished two books in 3 days. I'm on a reading roll! Nothing is as good as the Twilight series 
I'm excited to go out tomorrow night! It's been awhile!  disappointed that i won't be able to make it to Cormac's grad on th tho. 
Im exhausted 
I'm exhausted 
I'm exhausted  need a shot of red bull straight to the jugular - quick!!
I'm exhausted  new song &quot;one day&quot; on myspace check out http://www.myspace.com/tannajoy
I'm exhausted ... and I feel like crap 
I'm exhausted and feel horrendous. Now to be productive. 
Im exhausted and teags is forcing my sickly persons to update. 
Im exhausted but I can't stop watching The Unit  This one last episode and I will head to bed...
Im Exhausted for NO reason!! someone help me. I took some airbourne incase im comin down with somethin 
I'm exhausted from last week ... I need vacation 
I'm exhausted! 
Im exhausted, nighty night all, school tomorrow  Love xx
I'm exhausted. And sober.... terrible combo. Can we please go home now?  you do not want your driver (aka: me) to fall asleep on the road!
I'm exhausted. But I don't want to sleep. 
I'm exhausted. I couldn't go to sleep until like 2 
im exhausted. my mini-meltdown &amp; studyin all day has just mentally exhausted me. ugh. gonna be a busy stressful week 
I'm exhausted. My own bed felt soo good to sleep in. I don't wanna go to work. 
im exhausted. pulled a double shift today 
I'm exhausted. Sleepy, even there are 2 marks under my eyes-lack of sleep. Not in the best mood to attend any parties really 
I'm exhausted. Today was a long and sad day 
I'm exhausted. Yay for graduation parties and presents though! Boo for fiancÃ©'s 12 hour work shift making him miss it 
I'm exhuasted &amp; I don't wanna go 2 wrk 2moro!  I just wanna sleep in &amp; do nothing basically.
I'm experiencing 1 of the most lonliest days of this year and my life..   I miss my dad so much. oh well i spend time with some1 else dad
I'm extremely bored out of my mind 
I'm extremely burnt from the sun 
I'm extremely hungry.... and the only thing I have in my house is Soup...  I don't like soup... *pouts*
im extremely sensitive to horrors thrillers etc so if people don't stop with deadmusic hash tag i will unfollow 
I'm extremely sore 
I'm extremely sunburnt.  Crispy.  
im facebooking and waiting for Sex and the City to start. i wanna party hardy! and i don't want him to be away for so long 
I'm failing at revising Graphics. Argh.   6 exams to go.
I'm fallin asleep sitting here at work.  can't wait to get home and crawl in bed!
i'm fallin in to someone's  eyes  make me feel alive 
I'm falling asleep driving right now 
im falling for a guy who already has a gf, how terrible am i? 
Im falling into you..I know Im meant for you. Cool whip &amp; Jim Carrey is a great way to spend fridays  &amp;&amp;forty days ;; &lt;3
I'm far away from home..I need my friends 
Im fed up 
I'm fed up 
I'm fed up of this working lark, I don't get to spend enough time on Twitter, I miss my Tweeple 
I'm fed up waiting for the new 3.0 #jailbreak 
I'm fed up! 
im feel so bad  i dont go to the stadium tomorrow.
I'm watching hellboy Why must the professor die? 
im watching hollyoaks poor justine and hanna  been a sunny day fnally
I'm watching in treatment. Man this is what I love about sunday nights. And Monday nights haha. Best show ever! Man I need a life  ha
I'm watching Jon &amp; Kate and they're breaking my heart 
Im watching Lost Boys... I totally love this movie! But its gross outside... It hailed earlier...  &lt;3 Dom
I'm watching marley and me.  Makes me cry like a baby 
I'm watching Michael Palin's &quot;Around the world in 80 Days&quot; from the BBC as I work.  I'm really wanting to travel now. 
I'm watching Pathfinder with Karl Urban, and I'm so sad... poor little Karl Urban had to watch as his entire tribe was massacred!! 
I'm watching press conference but it's in French 
I'm watching scrubs waiting on Tarka coming over, my head's so sore 
I'm Watching The Dark Knight movie!! Awesome movie...It stinks that Heath Ledger is not here with us 
im watching the f1 now. . ahh go kimi go 
I'm watching the hills!! I'm sad its Lauren's last show 
im watching the news and three tornadoes touched down in MN like an hour ago   i hate dangerous weather  ***Zachdj***
I'm watching 'The Notebook', and I actually find it sad  i'm not heartless after all
i'm watching the soccer game on tv japan vs AUS. JPN lost 
I'm watching the Womens Cup final, Sunderland 0-1 Arsenal  , haway Sunderland!
i'm watching too many things at the same time.. it's hard picking only one show to watch a night  working totally blows.
Im watching tv LMAO cuz im bored and my bro's using the laptop dammit suppose 2 make a layy 2day 
I'm watching TV, because i'm ill and have to stay in bed 
im watching VH1 THE LAST DAYS OF LISA &quot;LEFT EYE&quot; LOPEZ  I Miss TLC how it used to be
i'm watching videos of the show MCFLY in Sao Paulo... i miss them  was so amazing
I'm wayyy too tired to wake up!! Stupid general studies exam! 
I'm weak, I'm succumbed. Cheese and onion Walkers it is. 
I'm wearing my uniform on a Saturday 
im well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday :'( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l ;)
Im Well Bored  Just Sat Eyaa With Chris And His Mates!!!! xxxx
im well exited for this weekend, partaaaay! although i dont want to go back to school on Tuesday 
i'm well sad i can't go to the fair 
i'm wet, so so wet, 
I'm wide awake when I don't have to be 
i'm wide awake with nothing to do.  ugh!
Im wide awake. Had a REAL bad nightmare...about fucking Zombies. Woke up the first time to dogs barking, the second time to gun shots. 
im WILLING to start skool early so i can leave home! ick i hate this place 
I'm wish I wouldn't have drank coffee all day long, need sleep, must sleep, can't sleep 
I'm wishing I could go back to sleep... I must have woken up every hour last night 
I'm wishing i had a rich husband..... Getting up 4 work in the middle of winter to go slave for 8 hours is so not kewl 
I'm wishing I was in Boston.  
i'm wishing i was in that field too. 
I'm wishing I was outside instead of trapped in my office.  
Im wishing we didnt have to go bk to school tomorroww, Its to hott!!  .
I'm with taloncc, maybe we are not popular like the other kids on the playground 
I'm without a car for at least a day 
i'm without milk, but i really want cereal 
Im woke yet im so very tired 
I'm wondering if he'll ever be what I need...probably not 
i'm wondering if i can ever get tickets in the davids concert 
I'm wondering if I'm a rare one who's friends don't give a shit about her?? IT just feels like people are ignoring me on purpose! 
I'm wondering if i'm gonna make it to 5 
I'm wondering if my girlfriend does crap on purpose to make me feel insignificant. I really hate that. 
im wondering is @rustyrockets Ponderland will ever show its wise and wonderful face again  life just doesnt seem right without it
im wondering where my good friend @rusk has gone too  . itsbeen too long
I'm wondering whether to go to bed... It's just past midnight here 
I'm wondering why I always have to stay in on the days when it's unbelievably sunny. 
im wondering y relationship changes after you make things official 
I'm workin 
I'm workin on makin a web site or sumthin. Got sick today now I'm at home. 
i'm working 
im working ... i didnt get my iced coffe  oh well ! .... fyi i feel realy werid n sick n stuff ! atleast its GORGOUS OUT! 
i'm working 7 days in a row from today  gonna be knackered! think of the money Holly! think of the money!
im working ALONE tonight...i have no idea what im doin at this new place...hopefully i leave the store still standing at 9 
I'm working and I'm mad about it 
i'm working and it's raining.....again!  i just got sunburned on weekend! and now rain! 
im working in a hot tin over. im dying 
I'm working my way through Escaflowne right now, and someone just saw someone else kiss the wrong someone, and I am sad. 
I'm working on 1 question. Fucking flat interest shiz. Wht should I do with it, I'm clueless 
I'm working on civil law, and that pretty much sucks 
I'm working on entertainment marketing and sales budgeting plans for school.... how funtabulous 
I'm working on my Lost Boys forum!  I broke people's post count.  
I'm working on my pharmchem127 lab stuff. This is so sad. 
i'm working on the panera front porch, i need more iced tea, and there're two sketchmasters sitting next to me so i can't run inside... 
I'm working, I should be sleeping like the rest of the world 
I'm working... 
I'm Working........ and I'm a little sick 
I'm working..working...working... Why watching TV??? 
Im Worried  Ugh.!!! Goodnight.!!!
i'm worried about Algebra, Biology &amp; Statistics. i miss the old days when we called those Math &amp; Science. oh! i wish i were 5 again! 
I'm worried about Carlos, I hate when he gets sick ;( I'm usually on the phone with him when he does, but he won't answer 
I'm worried about Jason 
I'm worried about living in NY the Mayor says half of New Yorkers may have swine flu and 23 have died so far 
Im worried about my 12 yr old daughter who has thown up only 1x per night the past 2 nights? Isn't that odd? 
I'm worried about my doggy home in the closet hid behind all my shoes if it is storming out!!  
im worried about the future of me and this city &amp; country &amp; world...its Friday.I must be mad or i out too much kajal 
i'm worried because something bad happened today and i don't know what's gonna happen next. 
im worried bout u travis where r u ?  im scared 
I'm worried for a dear friend of mine in Tehran. I wasn't aware she was back there from London. 
Im worried for my wonderful friend Helen who has told me she has got an addiction. Im hoping she can pull through this tough time 
I'm worried that my Xbox Elite passed on to Xbox heaven 
I'm worried that one of my 'unkillable' plants is about to die  If you love your plants, keep them away from me...
I'm worried the Year One trailers on TV all the time are gonna make me over-hyped and therefore disappointed at the film when I watch it 
I'm worried. 
I'm worried.  my life sucks so bad.
im wrapping up for bed, coz i gotta get up early, really, really early  goodnite twitters xxx
I'm writing a piece for small string orchestra. I'm scared. Some encouragement would be nice... 
I'm writing a stupid story. Does it matter? No 
I'm writing porn. Why has everyone gone to bed? 
i'm wrong again, please don't fight 
im your biggest fan ill follow you until you love me 
I'm yours 
im... sooo sick  i hope i get better before my curies
im.....doing nothing actually...wow. i am addicted, im doing nothing and tweeting bout it 
I'MA BE LATE FOR WORK 
Ima be up for a while... 
Ima cry if I lose.  @3OH3pfr #starstrukk http://bit.ly/13loKa
Ima get ready for tomorrow.  Wooh school -__- My tummy hurts 
ima miss my APA mates...  i dont want it to end just YET...
Ima miss my gookey! 
Ima need my phone to act like its 3G and not keep freezing up on me 
ima scoot, im rather tired and have to be up early tomara  hope its dandat out! going to the beach and that, yay! night
iMac refused to start this morning. Genius says logic board has failed. Now I have to find a new computer. 
Images from Iran today were scary and yet you couldn't help but hope that there would be a good outcome from this. However in reality... 
Images you send from Aperture to CS4 that open in Camera RAW don't then seem to have their changes reflected back in Aperture. 
imagimagefield_import module in drupal is not works for me  I'm sucking with it for two days now...any other mass image import in d6?
imagine losing someone forever, but not knowing where, how, or why? air france flight  i wouldn't be able to wrap my head around that..
imalexevans why do alarms always wake people up from dreams right at the good bit? 
IMAP can be very dangerous. Emails downloaded thru IMAP &amp; locally deleted get permanently deleted from the server! Learnt it the hard way 
IMDb makes me really dislike actors / actresses that I actually like because I see their bitchy quotes and bitchy trivia. 
imified not working good  #imbot
iMiss him!! 
imiss you 
imissu. ..starting to get sick 
Imissyou. What did I do 
I'Mm back home  I love 2 travel!! The only reason I wanted 2 come back is b/cuz I missed the kids.
Imm condemned to home 
imm just runn awayyy aandd laugghh '' i waannaabee a sinngeerr and acttorr rightt noooww'' but is impossible 
imm trying too out ipics on my computerr butt its not working!! 
I'mma arrive late to skool thanks to my brother &amp; mother 
I'MMA CRY ON MY LAST DAY @ SCHOOL! I'MMA MISS MY FRIENDS, KAY, ZACARABOU, MAGANELA(MAGGIE), BAMBIE(AMBER)... MANY MORE 
Imma going bed got school in the morning 
Imma have to suck in my stomach all night  Oh well. Guess I'll keep my clothes on.
Imma miss my buddy luke 
imma missing someone.  me is sad now
imma tired from the wholed dayy :|:|:| monday again tomorrow  what to doo
Immersed in Work 
Immigration didn't exactly work out. We are ONLY allowed to do work w/ Namwianga so again no speaking today.  God is teaching me &amp; is good
immm really bored. and realllly wanna go to new york 
Immm sooooo borrrred I'm too old for this man 
immm sooooo lowwww 
iMovie Crap: The Event Name can't include &quot;/ . * ?&quot;  WTF? Is that Windows, or what? Shiny Cocoa World... where fragile Paths rule 
Impatiently awaiting the arrival of the time warner guy. It's way too pretty to be inside all afternoon
Impersonators on Twitter? What could be worse than mis-representation that is dis-representation  Urrggh!
Importing video to idvd. A bit of a pain in the ass because it's so slow you can't open any other programs or do any work. 
impossible to fall asleep, so uncomfortableeeee  guess i'll just do homework now and go to bed somewhat early tonight.
impossible to sleep early... too many things to do... 
impromptu morning midterm....too bad it was only impromptu for me. sad face 
imy corey. transformers on sat  i'm a sucker for lovers.
Imy tv romote wont work 
imz so bored  not that alot of exciting stuff would happen by 8:30 am :p
In " Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, " you see Dementors that suck the Life and Joy out of you and taking your Will to Live.
in 10 short days i'll be done, i think i'm actually a little sad 
in 1960, de Harvey Ball. Si i s-au adaugat ochi fiindca intors invers parea 
In 1st period. Really itchy  yet still wanting some.
in 2 days I'm moving....From a big House to a small apartment 
In 20 minutes I'm going to my locker and then lunch, and Ross isn't gonna be there to say hi to me   Hahaha
In 3 days, i will be twitter-less 
in 48hrs m livin on 4hrs of sleep. I cant wait til 5pm 2nyt, il sleep til 2moro...2exams today  more to go 
In 6 minutes my birthday is over 
in 6th period why is dalaina and bria in this class lmao. well ii guess this is as fun as it gets w/o Brooklyn  -_- CLEARLY seen her 1nce
In 7 months i'll be 31.  How depressing is that?  
In a  two hour meeting 
in a bad mood now  ah, why can't we humans just be happy all the time??
In a bad mood!! Still trying to figure a way to get to work tomorrow, not looking good 
In a bad mood. going to stay away from everyone today. 
in a bad mood... i have to start packinmg up my stuff because im going back to germany ... im so sad 
in a bad mood.... 
In a bad mood.I missed half of the whole episode of Love or Bread cause I got home at 5:30. 
In a boring PSHE lesson 
In a cab...stuck in traffic 
in a cafe class  so board cant wait to be done two more weekes of school
In a couple of hours it will be the longest time till the wkend  The weekend was really good! Thanks for the wicked picnic Keith
In a day and a half I'll be 39. Where'd all the time go? First birthday without my parents. Oh how I miss them 
in a far away place watching the titanic and editing. No internet  only for the good.
In a few hours the next party 
in a few short days we'll be moving .. that sux cuz we don't have any neighbors  living w/o neighbors is boring ...
In a fight with my besty 
in a french lesson! and i havent done my oral! 
in a gemspec, I cannot specify a gem dependency for a specific version of rails (json for 1.8.6, but not 1.9). T/F? from docs suspect T 
in a good mood then bang your not in one anymore!!! 
In a great deal of emotional pain. Shattered the screen on my iPhone 
in a long planning meeting zzz 
In a lot of pain  my tummy hurts!
In A Lot Of Pain .... Ugh 
in a lot of pain still! I hate the dentist 
In a lot of pain. And I really wanna see my babe 
in a meeting at 10pm on a sunday. 
In a place with blacklights, should have worn a white shirt. 
IN A PLANE! BUT GOING TO BE LATE THOUGH 
In a rare turn, still at work, it's 12:20 AM 
in a sad mood 
in a sad-ish mood due to the extreme tease of thursday night 
In a semi-state of sadness, I don't have Summer Jam tickets 
In a serious mood this morning- def, need to change that asap  &lt; ; ) Wondering if I should take on a new account or focus on me n eff $
in a shit lesson 
In a starbucks off times square. Going to find a diner for breakfast. Bad thing about the US is they put calorific content on all menus 
in a state of depression and onli michelle rodriguez understands why. 
In a state of shock...Lets just say when it rains it pours 
in a taxi on the way to get pizza. bad traffic and headache. worst. 
In a teleconference at this moment, boring 
In a train station with @hexachordal we have left hatalan 
In a training session till lunchtime 
In a very stereotypical motel in LA. On the phone to bank since account is blocked. LA &amp; no money = 
In a way it's kinda cool being able to pinpoint the precise 30second interval where yr day became unsalvagable 
In a way, I am kinda sad because I won't be able to see my friends as often anymore, and the ones that I never have over or anything. 
In A&amp;E @ 6am! Dont panic bat fans, nowt wrong with me, gave a friend a lift...think their appendix has burst 
IN ABOUT AN HOUR GOIN 2 CAMILLES HOUSE MY SON AND DAD IS HAVING THEIR MOMENT I MISS HIM 3 DAYS NOT HOME 
in agony with my hip  my 2 year old nephew and his mum are staying tonight. them &amp; my mum are at a bbq now
In Alexsandra Point Medical Centre...something wrong with my friends' feet 
In all my 19 yrs and 6 mths of living i've never had an earache until now! 
in alot of pain  FRUSTRATED!Need motivation.God help me !!!
in amcs break room .. sometimes i wish i never worked here  master lin is leaving .. good luck kevin &lt;/3
In America, it's just Thursday morning. In Philippines, it's already Thursday night. 
In an &quot;it's soo NOT worth it&quot; moment, BMW ONE was just wrecked into in a parking lot by a hit-and-run driver...   #fb
In an alward situation now- everyone ganged up on me-  help!
In an effort to get some sort of sun I went tanning yesterday and now I look like a lobster and feel horrible...   
In an effort to reduce spammers, non-tweeters, &quot;Social Media Experts,&quot;  &amp; make money onliners I inadvertently unfollowed some real people 
In an emotional crisis....damage control mode.  Lets see if I can sleep..gnight Twitter... 
in an extremely uncomfortable bed with a tummy ache. And I'm home sick 
in an incestuous relationship (eww), uh not literally, but it sure feels like it 
in ancient so bored because @surfygurlx isnt here with me.  so tired, dont feel like soccer tonight at all, just want to sleep
in another conference call 
In any sort of way.. i am exhausted!! 
In apple store checking my TWITTER!! mum says i need to get a life ... ouch! 
In Arabic class!  No further explanation needed, right?
In art getting ready for the exhibition tomorrow. I should be in bed! 
in asda cafe. C15 is too cold 
In asda now  dying to get back and finish off last night's pizza. Mmmm meaty.
In atl!!! Loving every minute of it!! Damn I DO NOT want to go back to tally!! 
In atlanta at the french place waitin to leave...i want to see nicki minaj  i'm hopin my bf will take me..
In Austin. feeling nostalgic. I wanna go home.... 
In B town.  Nat's over.
In band rehersal  Spring concert tomorrow Don't even have anything to where to the banquet 
in bardstown for the day... we miss you jodie 
In BBE 5000... last class of the day! Whoot whoot! Waiting on this call.. I really hope my brother didn't get a long sentence 
in beauty therapy! too hot  xx
In bed  stayed up till 5am watching smurfs
in bed , misses her dearly 
in bed ...bad nite! what should I do he's gonna be the same yet I wanna change 
in bed after a long day...fast&amp;thefurious had a great storyline BUT barely any racing  like Ricky Bobby said, &quot;I wanna go fast!&quot;
in bed all day sick. I think I have the flu.   and he worst thing is that I'm by myself at home.
In bed all day with the flu. I ache 
In bed already. Work at 6am 
in bed but cant sleep 
In bed can't sleep for shit 
In bed feeling like crap after staying up to watch the ufc!! need more sleep!! Badly! 
In bed hoping everythings alright... i hate when i get bad feelings like this and i cant get yu. Fuck 
In bed ill  Think I'm going to twitter all day  peace&amp;love
In bed in agony with a cracked back tooth... Emergency dentist tomorrow morning for me... 
in bed in pain,got hit on the side of my shin with a zooming hockey ball.ouch 
in bed late up early i hate surprise work 
in bed listening to music , school tomorrow (technically today) mmm can't get to sleepppp 
In bed now need some sleep out again 2moro night. My elbow and nose r swollen  and I don't know y?! Or how damn drink!
In bed now. Think im sick 
in bed reading and snuggling with Ora... i wish she could move to a city with me 
In bed ready for school/college tomorrow  Cannot wait until November 
In bed ready to sleep my arse off. So tired from dancing all day at warehouse. My legs are so so sore right now. 
In bed relaxing feeling sick again after homework  better get used to it tho watching tv then ipod
In bed sick feeling sorry for myself ... Cos nobody else does...  #fail
in bed still feelin sick thanks to allergies 
In bed trying to organise a mass spooning where is everyone my friends are slow 
in bed waiting for sleeps to come ipod is in the car &amp; @funkypaul is a million miles away  #bedfail
In bed watchin blues brothers! Sat nite how sad 
In bed watching &quot;The First 48&quot; it sucks being sick 
In bed with a horrible stomach ache.. Haven't had one of these in a loooong time. I feel like ralphing (&amp; I just might) 
In bed with Julianne. Hahahaha. I'm gonna have two less friends tomorrow.  But, I mean, I'm probably tryin' to be selfish right now.
in bed with the flu  
in bed with vertigo. can't move my head 
in bed! I hate when Joshy leaves!!  http://tinyurl.com/lcuoja
In bed!!! 4am start tomorrow  however, happy that that lakers won..
In bed, cookies, project runway and I got paid today so I may do some cheeky online shopping... the only bad part is i'm still ill 
In bed, will be working soon in amsterdam! 
In bed. And it's 10.30 on a Friday night  gone are the days when 5hours sleep was adequate. Why does that happen? #fb
In bed. By myself 
In bed. Early day tomorrow. Who wants to be up at 6 am on a Sunday. 
In bed..  (teary eyed) I want FOOOODDDD.
in bed...chillen with the lil sis...then WORK ALL DAY 
In bed...trying to sleep...out to panera for breakfast in the morning...i miss my baby so much  &lt;s3
in beedd, wish i could watch movies from under my covers but i dont have a tv in my room  i hate when im lonely! it makes me feel weak, eh
In Belgium Fathers day was already a week ago 
In Berkeley. Living in the living room. Internet down 
in beverly hills at a bomb ass club but bored? 
In Bham....relaxing....sad that I have to go home just to work 4 hours tomorrow 
In Billings jst found out i'm sun burnt n headed now to Buffalo. Ay chesse its! 
in biology class. my lip hurts 
In Blackridge, Scotland right now it is very warm my poor pups do not know what to do.. 
In Bmt. Forgot how much I really can't hear on this stage. Sorry for any RAUNCHY notes. It really wasn't my fault...  
in Boston today...did the tourist thing and went to &quot;Cheers&quot;. Nobody knew my name 
In Boston!!!! Luv it here!!! Sucks its raining though! 
In Bruges is super awesome. At least the first half of it was - Fucking corrupt  .mkv 
In business class. @NicoleBencsik just left me  Oh well, lunch soon! PS I love cheerleading. So much.
In car on way home from gym. Really tired. Got loads to do when get home, cant wait 
In case of a water landing your seat can be used as a flotation device. That term makes more sense now.I hope we're not late 4 the show 
In case your wondering what McCruelty is, it's PETA's name for McDonalds because they kill poor innocent animals 
in catholic morality... lab nextt  apparently i didnt study the right stuff for apush. FML. w.eee
in chance of seeing the sun at some point?  I haven't seen it since leaving france 
In Chi-town, i want to go explore the city... 
In church- wonderin what's goin on. . . Me hungry 
I should have went to this years Iserlohn farewell party to get my huge Traynor  (in Team Canada jersey) photo signed. Am sulking now 
I should have worn my night guard last night.  my jaw doesn't want to open all the way.
I should just sleep in my uniform . I have to be back at 8 
I should know better than to tell Panda &quot;When you wake up we're going to the park!&quot; Surefire way for it to be a very rainy morning. 
I should know not to answer my phone so late in the day. Broken dref dwgs at 5 pm suck, especially if I have to access them over the WAN. 
i should learn how to manage my money better...or I'll stay broke 
i should learn not to drink coffee after 12pm...can't sleep 
I should never write in pen when i dont have wihte-out. 
I should not be allowed to use knives!!  I need a bandaid!!
I should NOT be awake at this time 
I should not be awake.... another week of feeling shattered because I cannot lie in 
I should not be sweating at 7am!!!! Sometimes I hate South Texas 
I should not be watching this movie. My little heart can't take this kind of scaryness. 
I should not have ate!!! 
I should not have to explain twice how deposit milk bottles do not go into recycle bin -- nor Ball canning jars. 
i should of gone to kirsty's for the night, anything to get out of the house 
i should of never ate that damn hotpocket 
I should of went to his birthday instead of to Battle of the Bands, he will never look the same. Hopefully he pulls through. Gulit Guilt 
i should posting photo more to my facebook account, but to tired to resizing it now 
I should probably be asleep right now... and kinda wish I was 
i should probably get off facebook, i have to study 
I should probably go to bed. I miss Jim 
i should probably go to sleep then. but it's not dark yet 
I should probably not still be in bed, but the alternative is not brilliant. 
i should probably prepare for my english 
I should probably proofread my tweets before posting them. What I mean't was the man. Speaking of man, I miss mine 
I should probably study, but I want to play sims3 
I should really get some sleep. I gotta get up for work at half 7. But as usual tv is distracting me 
I should really go workout  getting fatter by the second.
i should really only say about 1/3 of what comes out of my mouth 
i should really watch what i say on here... going home, guess who's not there 
i should realy get a new ipod. my music doesnÂ´t fit anymore. 
i should rly go 2 bed sometime soon...i have class in the morning 
I should seriously go sleep now since I have to wor tomorrow.  GAH! I can't seem to relax though. Help! HELP!
I should sleep... But I'm not very tired.  I'm going to try anyway.
I should specify: he was project manager for a custom home renovation company. Got an offer 2 months ago but has yet to get a start date 
i should start chargin niggas for my advice, lol..i miss my dude    Happy Go Skateboarding, hunny..that goes for everybody..
I should start expecting out of town calls for photography services and don't send them to voice mail  
i should start revision today but i don't want to  i'm so lazy lmao
i should still be sleeping right now 
I should stop eating at fastfood joints.. 
I should stop staying out late cycling and then can't wake up for class the next day. 
I should study but I really don't want to 
i should study moreeeee.. damn score 
i should take casey advice  haha
I should think about dinner, not bee wishing that i could get a loan at the loan market place.  Stupid calculator says that I cant afford-
i should update this more, i should also go to sleep... too bad my mind is on fire.  Makes sleep very difficult 
I should working on my homework. 
I shoulda had the cuddle buddy come over   who knows, possibly coulda got another breakfast out of it LoL! Gnite my lil tweeties 
I shouldn't be crying.  He promised he'd come back.  
I shouldn't be in a bad today, but I am  help me plan my trip kthanksbai.
I shouldn't be sick in summer ! ! ! I just wanna sleep 
I shouldnt be up so early 
I shouldn't drink on Wednesdays 
i shouldn't eat the steamboat, it make me full 
I shouldn't have answered the phone 
i shouldnt have ate that  
I shouldn't have cooked today, forgot about the anniversary party now everyone to full to eat  http://ff.im/3Hukr
I shouldn't have left everything to the last minute  Boo... leaving tomorrow morning and I haven't packed yet...
I shouldn't have panicked!! It's all my fault. 
i shouldnt of had that grande caramel frappacino  considering i feel like shitt now, and im lactoseee!
I should've done this stupid assignment last night. *stomps on textbook* I hate #CarlRogers and #SigmundFreud! 
I should've joined the tourney today. Ugh. Now i'm bored 
I should've just said yes when i had the chance huh 
I should've known better than to get my hopes up. I got totally blown off. 
I should've never got my hair cut  I miss it being long
I should've stayed in bed until tomorrow. I feel so so bad 
I shrunk my favourite cardigan.  Hubby said he'd buy me a new one. I practically lived in it and it's gone. I shall say a few words ;)
i shud hav a pic now  ugg i hav 2 go to a club ting at 10 n i shud be in bed uuggghh n the evil pigion is walkin 2wards meh
I shuda stayed asleep .....my head hurts 
I signed up to the Photography elective.  I should've signed up for LabTech sooner.
I simply can't understand why I keep having strange nightmares. 
i single-handedly ruined my own chance at something i really wanted. well i might not have and it wouldnt have mattered anyway but still. 
I sit at the computer and I'm all alone at home 
i sit here ...but its boring!!! 
I sit straight for my computer and look at me the weather is gray on! that makes me sad!    x milez_fan
i sit way too close to my monitor  i need to wider desk so I can push it further back.
I skipped 24 today AND ate ice cream. 
i sleep far to much 
I sleep thru my alarm every morning!! Maybe I need to start getting 8 hours of sleep 
i sleep, i take pills, and i just lay off my computer not watching tv or anything and my head feels like its gonna bust out of my skull 
I slep from 5 till 8.  1 hour till babe gets home. 1 hour till kyle and lauren.  I miss alex forever. fuck 
I slept all afternoon, now I feel worse then when I went to bed.  
I slept all day  So unproductive.
i slept for an hour and now i'm wide awake despite being tired as hell... my sleeping is all wacky today 
I slept halfway through the chapter I wanted to finish last night.  We need OSIM chairs here.
I slept in 
I slept in and woke up with a terrible headache- coldified 
I slept in this morning (til 8!), and I'm staying up late tonight (til 10!). I'm such an old lady now that I work for the forest service 
I slept in today...missed my morning class and was too tired to go to the afternoon class.    Not feeling too hot.
I slept in until 10... Granted, I didn't go to sleep until 1:30ish... But still! Ick! 10! 
I slept like a log ;-)) 11 hours. But my poor back 
I slept like crap last night 
I slept next to an open window and now i have a really bad cold and a sore throat 
I slept on my neck wrong. I cant turn my head to the right. 
I slept so great all day yesterday and allllll night. I feel so refreshed and caught up but now I have bedsores 
i slept the majority of the day  i think i might be getting my p-rod for the first time in 4 months, ugh. PERFECT TIMING, BODY. &gt;
I SLEPT THROUGH THE END FOR DUCK DRESS ON EBAY   NO FAIR. *traces down buyer and steals dress* lol
I slept to 1.40 PM today.... Then my dad woke me up 
I slept to much  feel icky because of it!
i slept too much and i am so sore 
I slept too well last night. Darn you snuggly bed! I miss you in the day 
I slipped and fell at work tonight and was carrying a 50 lbs bag which knocked the wind out of me. Hurt really bad   what a bad ending.
I smashed my pinky in julia's car door... Fuck my life... 
I smell dinner... But I can't have any  I haven't eaten since Sat afternoon.
i smell like bug spray, smoke, dirt, sweat and everything in between! 
i smell like shoe cleaner 
I smell of digestive biscuits.....foolish idea to fake tan this morning. Sadly all fake tans have DHA in 
I smoked that ciggarette wayy too fast and now I feel sick 
I so broke my phone. 
I so cant go to sleep 
I so do not feel good 
I so do not wanna go to skool tomorrow  the senioritis is kicking in but I must go cause I havent been there for a week.
I so do not wanna work 2moro 
I so don't get la twitter!  Anyway, not going to Knut's party 
I so don't wanna have to go out in the rain 
i so don't want this guy to die in this movie but i know he's going to cause the only part i've seen before is when he does. lame 
I so don't want to go to class tonight! 
I so don't want to have to drudge through another 5 day week to get to sleep in again for a couple of days. 
I so don't want to wash the dishes... but I'm already run out of pots, plates, forks and knives... so, no washing up, no dinner 
I so envy you @JennAgustin! How I wish I was at the concert with you. 
I so feel this way  -- &quot;Jon and Kate, I Don't Know How to Quit You&quot; | Momlogic http://ow.ly/aHLI
I so gotta search a new wii game again, too bad it's sunday 
I so hate 2 be wrong, but Lebron will not be singing that retarded Champion song this yr 
I so hate riding the bus. 1) It's a damn sauna in the summer! 2) Like could it kill the guy a few seats up to shower once a month??    
I so hate the way my family is &amp; the way they treat me. 
I so lost the little touch I had in Halo 3 
I so mad now that i can't go to JB's World Tour with miley in it  but YAY for those who got to go
i so much love tweeting...i soon need a good data plan for to start tweeting mobile...i miss tweeting on the go 
I so need a drink! I don't have anything strong not even on my first aid kit 
I so need gilmore girls season 5 
I so need to find another Hard Drive with a 9pin port  getting desperate - can't buy one - would get shot - oh well - fingers crossed
i so nervous for finals 
I so sad and heartache. Want to cry. 
I so should have screenied that 
I so should NOT be here right now if I'm trying to get to the Stan Mikita signing after work!  #twitteraddict
I so want to go to blink 182/fob/alr in august!! so can't afford it 
I so want to play poker live. Its proper fun, and a bit easier, but Ive not done in ages 
I so want to stay in bed with the cat and do nothing today cos I'm comfy cosy right now  but must get up and go to my Nanas.
i so wanted ER at wrk today sprint employees know what i am talking about 
i so wish i could get pregnant!! 
I so wish I could go to Comic Con.  Stupid UK.
I so wish I had time for motorsport this year. We're going to the BTCC in Silverstone but that's all I have time for with my studying 
i so wish i was going to IMATS tomorrow 
I so wish I was in Philly right now with @valenciamusic @alyssaxghetto @eryn_b @mmwhalen and everybody else right now. I miss the crew. 
I so wish it was tomorrow already...I need to know where my Marvin is 
i so wish school was already over  it's just so hard work! i hate that
I so would @mols82 but i just took my shower 
i so0o0o0 wanna go to the movies tonight but imma be in training till 1:15 am 
I sold the painting at Village Arts at the Putney Inn, VT Was a scene of Little Long Pond here in Acadia. Never got a photo of painting. 
I somehow lost my cell phone in between TJs in the Udist and my house. Have you seen it? 
I sometimes feel like the only person in the world without an iphone 
I sometimes want to cry because my lower back hurts so much 
I SOO dont wanna go out for papers, my HEAD hurts  mehhhzz
I soo want to go see The Hangover, but it doesn't get released til next week 
i soo want to live in the 1980s     &quot;inaperfectworld&quot;
I sooo cannot afford to get an iPhone 
I sooo don't  want to go work  I wana sit in bed and watch newlyweds all day!!! X
I sooo don't wanna studyy  I'd much rather be at the hot sunny beach getting tanned! Well to hell with this .. It'll be over soon.
I sooo need a new job.  I haven't been scheduled for like 2 months! Seriously. No joke.   
I soooo did not participate in #FollowFriday Today. . . No Enthusiasm today. . . None at All 
I soooo wanna do some trouble-ish but my current career goals won't allow me  Bumble Bee Tuna!!!
I sooooo am not looking forward to work tomoz its gona gona b frackin sh!t  I want it over an done withm
I sooooo don't feel like going to work today..... 
i sooooo miss my Brandon   Daft Punk reminds me of my best bud Bag Head Brando and how i may never see him again... good times
i SOOOOOO wanted Labron an nem 2go to the finals &amp;beat up on Kobe an nem.. dammit. go magic..... 
I sooooooo wish I didn't have to wait till tomorrow night to watch the MTV Movie Awards!!!!   Can't wait for New Moon trailer!! 
I sort of lost my passion for teaching 
I sorta want to go to sleep. But then again I don't. 
I sounded so brokenhearted that you'd probably never guessed that i was talking about my bestfriend 
i specifically instructed &quot;tuna for dinner&quot; and what do i get? Chicken 
I spelled @atchorz name wrong in the twitpic 
i spelled Cheri wrong....               
i spelled entire wrong 
I spelt DONNELLY wrong the firts time then, and I suppose Ellie Donnelly doesn't fit, no matter which way you spell it 
i spelt meant wrong too...oooh i am being such a dumbass today 
i spent $1200  not cool
i spent 30 mintutes tryna get through to this radio station for this Trey Songz thing next week... i didn't get through 
I spent 7 hours (all night) telling Selena about my love life starting from February. I'm a mess. I'm sorry for keeping you up Selena 
I spent about 20 minutes of my morning waiting for commuter trains to pass.  What a waist of time!  Stupid Mondays. 
I spent all day thinking it was Thursday and that yesterday was wednesday. 
I spent all morning on a new game 4 hours and just got game over  I'm gonna start again though ;) x
I spent an hour this morning going through yearbooks to see when each senior started to Harleton. My speech will be so boring. 
I spent it on attack. 1500 exp 
I spent my WHOLE break doing coursework... 
I spent my whole dream cooking a delicious meal, but I woke up before I got to try it 
I spent the day at my cousin's house. We had a BBQ. I was cramping the whole time 
I spent the last 2 hours printing about 400 sheets, folding them in half, and stapling them. Not my idea of being productive. 
I spent the whole day with my love and it was amazing. I just wish i didn't have to work early and the whole day on Saturday  woe is me.
I spent the whole weekend finding my corporate identity. Nothing there 
I spent too much money this afternoon 
I spilled ice cream on my Blackberry! 
I spilled my drink   Feel free to laugh at me for tweeting that.
I spoke to soon. Computer came crashing down after 1 day.  Back to the library  
I spoke to soon. Its crappy weather again. 
I sprained my ankle yesterday!  should be better by Monday!//CINDERELLA TONIGHT!!!
I sprained my leg muscle  How to go Genting? :'(
