I'm Bored . not sure what to do 
im bored .. its 2am but i just cant sleep ..  my twinni's out but i've to stay at home cause im ill .. 
I'm bored @ work...sleepy to!!! 
im bored again on the computer 
I'm bored again! 
I'm bored again. I wanna go to the beach 
im bored an i want my phone back 
im bored and am not enjoying the rain!!! 
I'm bored and hungry  Nothiiiing to do
is watching You've Got Mail on Bravo. Will probably cry when Meg has 2 close her book store forever. Tom Hanks is pure evil. 
is way sad. 
is way too tired but is awake to get to orientation 
is way too tired for no reason whatsoever 
Is way worried about her 
is wearing a wee sundress and glads , but has to go change into stupid spar uniform &amp; go to work  . beyonce tomorrow , hasn't hit me
is wearing gloves inside as she is so coldddd 
is wearing the boyfriends shorts and t-shirt today. He took my jeans and bodywarmer away from me 
Is wearing the tightest sexiest skirt to work but feels like she looks like Betty Rubble/ Wilma Flinstone! and is still upset about Jude 
is wfh today, Mims still not well 
is why did i have to find a great one 2 months before i go off to school 
Is wide awake  and the book I'm reading is not interesting enough to keep me from twitter. Sad but true
is wide awake and would luv to be able to go bakkkkk to sleep 
Is wide awake but thinks its 2 early  haha hmm what to do 2day in the shitty liverpool weather !!
is Wide awake! dunno why.  http://plurk.com/p/11tgrq
Is wide awake, thanks dad... for waking me up at 8 on my day off 
is wincing with her sunburn. Husband had giggling fits to see chesticles half red raw, half milky-white. My shower tonite was a pain fest 
is wish that had someone to talk..... 
Is wishin she knew what to do so that her parents would stop fighting.  why cant it all work out and everyone be happy??
Is wishing @TSongvilay1 all the best, &amp; hopes when she is ready 2come bk she does it her way...a bright SP light was snuffed out today.  
In my local primark. Could have got a blackberry curve pay as you go on Orange for the same price as I got my iPhone for.  &lt;3 blackberry
in my most favorite city bored as the hell. 
In my new work schedule, I'm off Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesdayone week, then Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday the other. 
in my original column I had a phone interview, the Dayton sponsor's and how the Cincinnati pride went, guess that was not important. 
In my parents' room. I think I'm sleeping here again since my dad's out of town again. Was supposed to go with him. 
in my room using my new chanel nail polish!i love it! i just  want dream tonight please!! 
in my room, think ov reasons y i dnt yet have a boyf....... 
in my room, watching Underworld, Rise of the Lycans... missing my Walkie right now 
In my rush to get somewhere, my picture gets snapped at a light Great 
in my tub...omg it gr8...any who planning out my day the only nonrainy day for WEEKS! 
In my yard but i soooo wish i was at the beach right now  http://znl.me/O7WYH
In -n- out gave me heartburn  darn animal style fries ! Omg they're so good though!
In naughty mood   But no victims 
in need of a back massage, bad 
in need of a boyfriend  SOOOO bored!!! lol http://twurl.nl/3mz2it
In need of a nap. Too bad I don't have time 
in need of a REALLY big cuddle right now 
in need of a twitpic-capable telefono  an asian girl's gotta take pics of her food n drink, yaaa'meean??
In Need of an Uncharted 2 beta code 
In need of band members... Cats are proving to be rubbish,don't know how to break it to them. 
in need of new shoes I think... the sole almost comes off... but I don't want to boy new ones, these have been everywhere with me.. 
is wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day and taking care of a sick Blake 
is wishing he was talking to his girl. 
is wishing he'd brought some of the chocolaty treats to work. 
is wishing his back felt better.  I wanna go to Disneyland.  
is wishing his mom a very Happy Mother's Day &amp; his older sister an awesome 29th birthday &amp; Mother's Day! . Gym, pack &amp; goodbye Stilly 
is wishing i could be watching the griffster at the comfort of my los angeles home...  thank god for tivo
is wishing i could sleep.  *tear*
Is wishing i had sumthing to do !! 
is wishing i was going to be in LA w/ da fam for the LAKERS Parade  but I gotta stay on my grind .. operation: get out of san diego!! &lt;3
Is wishing I was wearing flip flips instead of a coat 
Is wishing i was with babe 
is wishing she could be with Hal today instead of work..... 
is wishing she could book the 8 out of 10 cats tickets now. 
is wishing she could download videos from purevolume 
is wishing she could go out into the sunshine not sitting with the blind down trying to edit!  the life of an editor!!!
is wishing she could go overseas 
is wishing she didnt have work later 
is wishing she didn't have work today, cause look at the weather!  
is wishing she had the whole week off, not just parts of it 
is wishing she knew what 2 do!! 
is wishing she took the day off like everyone else 
is wishing she was at @MTUB. Dang... all the cool kids are doin' it. I wanna do it too. 
is wishing she was at graduation and listening to hollywood undead - circles, to drown out her sorrow.  
is wishing she was at the Ring Dance with Drew in Annapolis! 
is wishing she was goin to glastonbury fest 
is wishing she wasnt leaving so everything could work out with youuuuu, maybeeeee another time another place 
Is wishing she were in TO this weekend 
Is wishing some thing's &amp; people didn't ever change 
is wishing that he could go to office NOW!! *sigh* at least.. there I find some purpose.. alone and miserable 
is wishing that I was able to catch a glimpse of Brody in the falls this weekend. Checked out the wrong casino and had no luck 
is wishing that is was october 
is wishing that K is not leaving her so soon. There is still much to see, say and do together. 
Is wishing that she could be Terrence J's date to the BET awards 
is wishing that the sun would come back out. Not enjoying all the rain 
Is wishing the best for Jon and Kate Gossling. I feel so bad for them 
im bored and hungry but i feel like i cant eat now hahaha 
im bored and i miss dennoria 
Im bored and i wanna do something 
IM BORED and my arms hurt from playing wii 
im bored and none of my ppl are here...@FrankLee_ @tedrlaw 
Im bored and none to hang out with this day sucks,i guess is the same old routine a walk by the park alone 
I'm bored and really wanna cuddle 
I'm bored and tired but really do not want to go to bed yet 
im bored and whos fault is it? my mom. she's mean. 
Im bored andsick to death of Bear In the Big Blue House :| I wanna go the beach or something 
im bored as hell, and still in pain from my vasectomy! 
im bored as shit too!  since i gave you something to make, give me something to do 
im bored at home. I wish I had Sumbody over here 2 chill wit 
I'm bored at work! 
Im bored being the only one on summer holiday kind of sucks 
im bored but if I take the bus into seattle theres on one there to really see!  
I'm bored I feel like vaining using my webcam but it's disfunctional! 
Im bored I have my science exam today 
im bored i think thats why i keep eattin 
i'm bored in my house cause my friends are boring and they don't want to go out 
im bored in science, menna be revising for the exam this thursday, cba to do it tbh. gotta tho! 
I'm bored jajaja no one connected. 
I'm bored nobody's online 
Im bored now  what to do?
Im bored now that my best friend is gone 
Im bored of cleaning now ... My back fucking kills 
I'm bored of my life. Need to gtfo on vacation 
I'm bored pff.. this is lame. I didn't go out at all today haha. tiring weekend 
I'm bored right now 
i'm bored right now !! Holidays are almost over 
IM BORED SHITLESS , someone entertain me please ?  
I'm bored to death in class and the internet is refusing to provide entertainment 
i'm bored today 
I'm bored watching big brother. It's so bad 
Im bored with being sick  another night in house.
I'm bored with studying  still have to do it through. Anyone reccommend a good fantasy/romance book?
I'm bored with this studying stuff. Help me 
Im bored!  Cant wait for the weekend!!!!! 
IM BORED! LIKE REALLY BORED! AND IT'S ONLY MY HUNDREDTH POST  LISTENING: TONIGHT(LIVE) - JONAS BROTHERS 
I'm bored, and i don't want to go learn  Why does school exist? I wish it was a nightmare.. Than i can wake up and it's over!
im bored, and im stuck in the house watching jeremy kyle cause my parents are working and i cant get anywhere  but kis down laterr woo! :L
is wishing the best for my bestie. 
is wishing this friday didn't have like 6 diff things going on so i could actually see all of my friends 
is wishing this weekend was already here 
is with great friends at Grimey's records hearing MUTEMATH play live. They are flippin amazing. Crowds to big though so we can't see them 
is with my dad this weekend 
is witness to a new addition in a long list of Cleveland disappointments. 
is wodering why Port and Eagles can beat the top teams this week but my Crows can't 
is wonderign why when Davod finally comes to England near where I live, he doesn't arrange to meet up 
is wonderin how u write '@ omebody' bc i cant figure it out! help plz 
Is wonderin if she is the only one left in Valdosta due 2 birthday bash and the Greek picnic back home!!!!....  not cool!
is wonderin why he's so freakin busy these days 
is wondering  y the sun has gone away 
Is Wondering How @Friendtasia Is 
is wondering how do you update plurk through cellphone bah?  http://plurk.com/p/rooj4
is wondering how hard it is going to be to get an appointment at mayo. im sick of being sick 
is wondering how he will get on doing the london to brighton bike ride having had no practice and a bad chest infection 
is wondering how i always manage to get myself into these kinda situations....seriously.. All the tyme 
is wondering how I'm gonna pay the rest of my bills when there's no more money in the bank account..... 
In need of some serious bengay...ouch! And some fooooood! I forgot to eat yesterday!  Lol.
In need of stimulation and entertainment 
In neros removing all old saved messages from 'him' from my phone at last. Hopeless romantic i know but the words  seem kinda hollow now 
IN NEW ORLEANS@drakkardnoir TOO BADD IM NOT GOING 
In New York City and kinda freaked out  lol  Michelle~JM09
in new york city till tomorrow morning  wish i could stay longer
in New York without @irish_cookie     Life sucks this way
In NJ for father's day and it is raining buckets. Can't the weather just give us a teeny break for the dads? 
In NYC at firm offsite.  Readjusting to humidity 
in nyc where the internet is expensive  back tuesday
in odd saddened state of shock, grandpa passed away 
in Office again.. 
In office and working after the marriage ceremony  need to head home and crash ASAP
in office now...trying to sort out 10000s of credit card statements 
In office on Saturday... Yet again 
In office. Feeling veryyyyyyyyyyyy sleepy 
In Ohio again! But going to go west soon   I'll miss Ohio
In Ohio. Ate too much again.  
in one of those gloomy moods   dont feel like doin much . Almost feelin sorry for myself but tryin to remember people have it worse th ...
In Oregon and have been enjoying my time.. but I'll be coming home tomorrow, sad I'll miss my sis 
In other Apple-related news, my new MacBook Pro has shipped! And of course it gets here on Friday morning, right before I go out of town. 
In other news, days like today never last as long as I want them to. I hate this situation sometimes  Time for vino &amp; WW to cheer me up.
In other news, I ate too much cake 
is wondering how it can be very cloudy when it has been lovely the past few days 
is wondering how long Gossip Girl will last once they've all left school 
is wondering how long it'll be 'til she's even changed colour 
is wondering how many times I can get dicked over before I just give up. I'm seriously at the end of my rope tonight 
is wondering how much longer she can manage with no food, no sleep, and lots of crying and stress 
Is wondering how much sorer my knee can get before I cry! 
is wondering how ppl do long distance  relationship. I need physical contact. 
is wondering how the inside of her nose got cut...I am not a big fan of this 
is wondering how these competetitions work, I dont want to over spam my timeline anymore #trackle #squarespace 
Is wondering how to make things work 
is wondering if Andain will ever release an album! I've been waiting for years now!. 
Is wondering if he should go back to quacks (but REALLY doesn't want to) foot is still bright red &amp; sore 72 hrs after penicillin started 
is wondering if her hubby is dying in this heat? poor guy 
is wondering if it is possible to write on therealbeach's post thing, but i dont think so  and random people are following me ? :| :o
is wondering if losing half a stone didnt make me shift a size...wtf will?!?! 
Is wondering if the deployment will go by fast this time....  Hard to not think about anymore... especially at night.
Is wondering if the insane is possible, though being scuppered by a website atm. &quot;File Not Found&quot; &amp; &quot;Gateway Timeout&quot; aren't helpful 
is wondering if tomorrow might not be his last as a travel soccer coach ... they grow up so fast 
Is wondering if/when I'll ever have a happy tweet. 
is wondering wen this rain is gonna stop 
Is wondering WHAT THE HECK is going on with her tummy  don't feel good.
is wondering what to do with the laptop on life support at home, while on a trip to San Angelo. I guess it'll be a lack of internet. 
In other news, I just found out my wife may not be back a couple days   I miss her
In other news, Juan Carlos lost yesterday in another 5 seter  but @andyroddick is though. Good luck as always Andy.
In other news, like a jackass I did gardening in a bikini top.  Now I'm still translucent on the front and lobsterized on the back.  Ouch 
In other news, why must the Distant Worlds concert take place before I get more vacation time? Why? 
in other news. myka leaves me in 12 hours and i'm sad about that.  i will miss her!
in other news...learning the hard way not to give myself a haircut 
in oxford and just ate at jamie's kitchen.... but where the hell is jamie oliver 
In Pa. majority of the dayy with the fffaaaavvvvssss...can u say..&quot;One random ass day...&quot;...i kno i can...{{will b missin' my Bubba  }}
in padre. about to load up the bus soon  imma miss this place
in pain  laying in bed with a heating pad, watching the graduate.
In pain  sucks
In pain after a simple medical procedure... 
in pain just got my 2 wisdom teeth removed 
in pain. had surjury friday.  missin my gurl friend..
IN PAIN. my big toe got stomped on during the hokey cokeu. it's throbbing. anyone have any suggestions to heal it? 
In pain. Sunburns really hurt. 
In pain. Us poor women. 
in pain... and sun burnt. every part of my body is killing me. 
In pain....my tummy is cramping &amp; my legs are sore. 
In paper cut city...clicking my red heels, wishing I were home in bed 
In Paris and already planning a return trip when I'm not stuck in the hotel doing hw 
In Paris for the weekend. It's raining 
In Paris june 2,3,4 will spend as much time in the plane than there 
In Peru is 3:43 AM and i haven't finished my homework yet 
is wondering what to have for lunch... Sianz.... 
is wondering when he will actually get to work on his psychology work. 
is wondering when he'll find that special someone 
Is wondering when it is ever going to stop raining 
is wondering when it'll get easier dropping little man off at nursery. 2 years in and still tears from both of us 
Is wondering when the suns coming out again 
is wondering when this is all gonna stop!! hopefully soon tho, its killing me 
Is wondering when will he actually has his friday off? 
is wondering where all the tall guys went... 
Is wondering where lauren is. 
is wondering where my bestie @Adriana_Acosta is? 
is wondering where the eff has mauri23 been 
is wondering where the summer's gone 
is wondering whether or not it will rain tomorrow,,,,  nothing like a henna tent in the rain....
is wondering who sent him a video message. Can't open it 
is wondering why @tommcfly @dougiemcfly @dannymcfly @mcflyharry and @mcflymusic are not replying to my tweets! 
Is wondering why a two year old has better vocabulary then me! 
Is wondering why Alan doesnt love me 
is wondering why everyone in her house is in a bad mood?! Going outside on the beautiful day...to study. 
is wondering why facebook won't load 
is wondering why he is hungry. Then with a bright yellow bulb lighting up on top of his head he remembers, &quot;I haven't had breakfast yet.&quot; 
is wondering why her mood keeps changing so quickly 
is wondering why her shoulder still hurts 
is wondering why I cannot stop watching this clip of New Moon!! The movie is done why oh why do I have to wait until November 
is wondering why i keep watching creepy things on the internet when i know i'm not gonna be able to sleep 
is wondering why it only ever rains when i have to venture outside 
Is wondering why it's always warm when she leaves London in the morning &amp; freezing when she gets to Woking 
is wondering why it's IMPOSSIBLE to find people on this damn thing. Twitter is gay 
is wondering why it's IMPOSSIBLE to find people on this damn thing. Twitter is gay  http://twurl.nl/rwlzkv
is wondering why my name is earl has been cancelled    lol
is wondering why no 1 is following me 
is wondering why ppl waste so much food when the world is starving??? really really sad 
is wondering why she can't change her profile picture  o_O i dont look like thaaat
In philly on the way to DC. Wish i had time to go to china town and get vegan sesame chicken. 
in phone-choosing hell and my contract doesn't even expire until August. damn you Sony Ericcsson Satio, Nokia 96 and HTC Touch diamond2. 
In pool med waiting for @leddy2286 
In Portsmouth now. Off to bid a final farewell to my Grandad... 
In Post Office queue 
in prague. sobrang ganda.  at miss sophie's pink grey and white hotel room &lt;3 air - photograph ahhhhhhhh &lt;3 @anechoicheart
in preparation for the new iPhone/iPod OS release, i think i lost some saved files for good. 
in product design in the dt computer room writing my specification its so boring 
in Pueblo at a NAIFA meeting. working late on Friday 
in queue for @tomfelton autograph. Its freezing! We are semi open air 
in RaLeigh, eating BojangLe's with Jeff ;-), getting ready 4 the baby shower. I miss him 
In really deep for the calorie count tonight. My new &quot;diet&quot; isn't going as well as planned. Will have to burn 900+ calories tonight! 
In recovery... kind of missing him arrgh 
In regents park, boy it's hot, warm and sunny!! But the wind is not letting us play frizbi 
in Religious Studies class about to do our  group presentation ... ugh school/finals all weekend 
In response to an earlier blog, I only lend in Illinois 
In resting mode after last night ;) I'm disappointed.. 
in retrospect, I should've just gone to bed.  goodnight @ 4:40am
In RIO without my bb 
In Ripon, WI and missing Madison! 
is wondering why someone looked a &quot;something&quot; up on youtube??? 
is wondering why the microwave just stopped working...bummer 
is wondering why the music on Webster Avenue is louder than her own TV in her apt...I guess I'll be listening to Spanish music all night 
Is wondering why there are no whales in Hermanus when my parents flew from so far to see them 
is wondering why there are TVM vs Kochi debates everywhere? 
is wondering why we only get the OK magazine 2 months later...?  
is wondering WHY. 
Is wondering y I can't find a summer job? Depressing how many apps I filled out n received nada in return 
is wordlinx okey now... 
Is work, work, work, and no time for fun  man summer's used to be the best time of the year!!
is workin tonight and ive still got the damn flue. How do i get rid of it? 
is working 
Is working a late one tonight  won't b home till half 7/8 
is working and bored 
is working and fretting that her hubby is going back to the homelands for 2 weeks - who will look after me? 
is working at planet smoothie all day...wishing I was at home planting flowers 
is working away, silly me forgot to bring a new tub of sugar to work so i haven't had a cup of tea today  booo!!
is working but sad after learning of the death of a colleague,aged only 52 
is working early in the morning  then studying  then writing a 6 page paper  THEN GOING TO COLORADO =]
is working from home but wishing it was 'home time' 
is working from home today and is not being very productive.  #fb
is working hard for no money  I need to negotiate better!
Is working hard today!!  Kinda wish i could have stayed in bed though.  I hate having to get up on cold and dim days. 
is working her last week in the Sears Tower.  
is working in a server room where the air con isn't working properley on a hot and sunny day - not nice!!! 
is working in it-should-be-a-holiday.. 
is working in office... 
is working late 
is working late tonight again 
is working on a sunny sunday. 
is working on art isp's. god, what a fantastic torture device... 
In San Antonio, TX. Just got news this morn, wife was arrested last night for DWI. Life just keeps getting better. 
In San Diegoooooooo. Culture shock. Missing everyone. Homesick 24 hours in? 
In Sant Joan Despi at office, belly hurts from Sushi last night 
In savannah wt the other family 
In school  really bored!
in school about to go to class 
in school ICT class BORING 
in school on twitter.. how rebellious! aha booooorred though 
in school w. linda doing nothing  ;i miss you 
In school, and i saw someone wearing the same top as me!  i dont like it.
in school, i have to go to the class but i don't wanna go  school sucks
In science class  ugh... Hate school its a waste of time
in science class. want to sleep so bad. i want more food 
in science finished my work bored cant wait 4 lunch (not) i have to finish math homework@lunch study hall  i guess its my fault 4 waiting
in science reall bored  making a skull.
In Science!!!  What a Waste!
in search of the perfect allergy med 
in Seattle...hate the weather 
In serious need of a cuppa rooibos chai and a backrub. Instead have to cook dinner and put away the shopping and chivvy the kids 
In serious pain. Can't go to the doctor till 2pm. Fuck 
In sf I didn't make it so see them at bfd 
In SF now. Excited about WWDC! Miss the kids terribly 
In SG airport heading to KL - flight is delayed 
in shock that I lost ANOTHER iphone. 
In Sloane Sq surrounded by the middle classes 
IN SO MUCH PAIN  DONT USE SUNBEDS KIDS
is working on Astronomy homework 
is working on her school  assignments. 
is working on his six week diet plan! day 2 Cod and rice! nice but i don't know how i will last 6 weeks! 
is working on human anatomy and studying for the test on Monday 
is working on locally requested portraits today...and a little sick  http://bit.ly/52o2G
is working on my history essay 
is working on selling a new beginning bunch of stuff and it looks like the BMW is one of the items that won't make the trip 
Is working on 'The Ashes 2009' I feckin hate cricket 
is working on the report for work. 
is working out... then taking and what not... going to jons going away party tonight!! 
is working sooo in need of a vacation lol how was everyones weekend? mines was good but somewhat sad 
is working this beautiful sunny day away behind the bar 
is working til 2pm 
Is working till 7 and works by herself for the last 3 hours  no fun
is working to figure out what projection techniques are. 
is working when he should be getting ready for the BBQ 
is working while freezing... 
is working without jeremy and joseph today 
is working, will never get used to working on a sunday! 
is working,huhuhuhu.. 
is working.  Lee is making me.  Boooo.    Big mean Daddy is being harrassed by cute sweet boy.  Send blue things to distract him.
Is Working. I'll be back at 5.. arff 
is working...   and yet the beach is only 3 miles away from where I sit... how can I possibly focus on work??
is working.... 
is working...but really wants to go home...due to cramps 
is worried 
is worried about a friend 
is worried about feasib grouping. 
is worried about finding volunteers for the camp 
is worried about getting NO revision done today 
is worried about grandma 
is worried about her cat, Wotsit. I haven't seen him for 3 days!! 
I'm bored, at work 
I'm bored, entertain me please? Or else i'm going to sleep 
I'm bored, have a terrible headache and can't sleep. 
I'm bored, mother I'd appreciate if you let me go to the next door party 
I'm bored, no one's online. 
I'm bored, nothin to do   zzzzz
i'm bored, what can i do?  
I'm bored,, Got nothing to do,. 
I'm bored,the boys are discussing something I dont understand so I better be quiet.booooo 
I'm bored. But I'm also more than poor so unfortunately that means staying home is the only thing I can do. 
i'm bored. cant sleep well lately 
I'm bored. I want to eat something, but I don't know what is it.  Henyekoe. MAGA-BOUNCE nalang meeee.
I'm bored. It's so frustrating. 
i'm bored. somebody come play with me 
i'm bored. this storm is scary 
i'm bored.. and i'm going to miss cell time this week.. 
im bored... and its only been a week of summer 
I'm bored... and lonely... 
i'm bored... i thought this was supposed to be fun! 
I'm bored...Maybe that's cuz it's 2:08am and no one is online 
im boredd  but im txting jesse, and watching Saturday Night Live.
I'm boreddd. Working 5pm-2am tonighttt 
Im boreddddd. I wish Eric or Sammy was up.  There's a party in your bedroom all night long.
I'm boreddddddd  someone come amuse meee xD
im boreddddddd loll  my friendds ditched me b4 we went to the movies
im boreddddddddd school today and i have to swim 
I'm Boreeed  any1 here ?!
Im Boreeeeeeeeeeed 
Im bores and hoping to get my facebook bakkkk 
im boring  and alone..
is worried about her friends in Australia 
is worried about her grandma 
is worried about her granny, but happy thet sheï¿½s out of the hospital so soon. cannot get herself up to learn  damn bloody sunday...
is worried about his good friend Joe who suffered a stroke yesterday... 
is worried about rodger :/ 
is worried about this tornado in mboro 
is worried about tomorrow...plans discontinued? &lt;/3 
is worried as her laptop has gone all funny all of a sudden! 
is worried because he doesn't keep good enough records.. 
Is worried because kentut's fever turun naik turun naik 
Is worried bout my step dad.  
is worried for her boo.   http://plurk.com/p/ozf2h
is worried Maci may have a broken left arm. Darn trampolines and Dad's that bounce little kids too high.  
is worried sick about Lu  Grrrrr, wait till i get my hands on them!!!!!!!!
is worried sick for E. Go home soon, boy 
is worried that my body clock is still on U.K's time. Anyway, I am missing Europe so much now 
is worried that the meatloaf and miller lite isn't going to do the trick afterall. 
is worried that the Rams will be leaving St. Louis 
is worried.  One of the guest last night came from Taiwan. :-o http://plurk.com/p/xdcsm
is worried. Bk d mko lg mkPlurk.  http://plurk.com/p/11bg1c
is worryiing about her Nissin votes :'-( guys, help me promote nmn!  http://plurk.com/p/ri5yc
is worrying about stuff and can't sleep.  
is worrying over my boyfriend and his friend's safety. 
is woundering when she will start feeling better 
is writing an essay ! laaameeeeeeo . not having a goood day 
is writing and wants to have a Munchkin party 
is writing her last report card for a long time 
is writing unit tests by the fucking boatload 
is writing useless documentation for useless software  On Air: Word Up! - Korn
Is yard selling alone today  but someone gave us 200 dollars for our old couches 
is yawning on the job 
Is yet to sample my Spin playlists... 
is yil3an shopping! where did all the gorgeous shirts go? Wait for me 
Is your business buck naked? If you're like most small businesses, the answer is yes.  http://snipr.com/j6aii
im boring  im going to watch tv
Im bothered by this whole h1n1 thingy. it gets to me at a different level it gets to everybody else 
I'm bout 2 go lay down....my ibuprofen and orajel is wearing off 
I'M BOUT DONE WIT PPL!  2 BAD 4 THEM  BUT ITS BETTER 4 ME! I'M WORKIN ON ME U SHOULD DO THE SAME. I'M SO CAKED UP BOO
im bout ready for a tat, but im scared its gone hurt 
im bout to go to bed gotta get up at 3 am 
im bout to pull out my hair :/ im stressing so badly about finals i rly need to relax i cnt w8 till school is over ugghhhh 
im bout to start hatin goin places after a certain hr...cuz i spend most of my time lookin for a park 
Im bout to take my but to sleep didnt stay up late after all... Fail 
I'm breaking my head with this Linux/Ubuntu. 8.10 #Fails 
I'm broke as hell, stuck in Canada away from home  Why? Because I used all my $ to buy me &amp; @rodmcnasty000 TNA floor seats for july!
I'm broken. Neck and back pains. Damn you hurricane harbor rides. Damn you. Attempting to sleep. Night 
Im bummed cuz josh might not make it thursday 
I'm bummed out that Danny Gokey was voted off AI last night. 
I'm bummed out that I'm sick of Jon &amp; Kate. I've watched them from the beginning. 
I'm bummed that Gap bought out Athleta - I hate it when cool brands sell out, esp female POWER brands going mainstream - bleh! 
I'm Bummed that I can't be at the LA Coliseum for the LAKERS Rally!  
Im bummed that i cant book Confide till like.... next month 
Im bummed that i have yet to see SKINS season 3 last episode 
I'm bummed that the @retrorewind contest is only for the 48 states   What about Hawaii??
i'm bummed today 
I'm bummed. Getting our first foster and she turns out to be alpha, just like Heimdall.  Disaster!
im bummed. Should've gone. 
I'm bumming that someone owns my name on both Facebook and Twitter...can there possibly be more than one Matt Morrow??  
I'm buried deep inside myself, barely scraping by, covered by a not so perfect shell.  â™« http://blip.fm/~8izf8
i'm burned  it's a hard, dangerous life being pale in Hawaii
I'm burning up...our air conditioning at work is broken 
im burnt  , my poor shoulder
im burnt  i dont burn...
im burnt and it hurts 
I'm burnt from yesterday! I cannot look like this tomorrow!!! help!! 
I'm burnt so bad i ache. 
Im burnt to a crisp  
I'm busy as hell. But at least I'm making money. Wish I could be a part of Saturday night festivities 
i'm busy doing nothing  . .
I'm busy in Kokomo being stood up for an appt. 
im busy..listenin 2 music...dats d only thng dat...keeps me alivve in diz deserted place.!!!! i miss my friends...so much..!!!  
Im buzzin and scared 
i'm buzzing and home alone. . .  
Im by the pool having a fabulous time WHEN! I notice a really hot guy. And I was going to go talk to him and I forgot my towel!So no talk 
Im calling into Radio Disney now.i made it through but me being the idiot i am cut it off by accident...now its just ringing and ringing 
I'm chilling at home sick on a party night. 
im choking on this vlog man omg! i needa rehearse b4 i get on cam 
im cleaning ( i hate cleaning ) but it has too be done 
Im cleaning the whole house Jixy   lol
im cleaning. 
I'm coffing my lumbs out here 
I'm cold  but i think my grandad is rather funny singing to the jersey boys!
im cold  i still cant find my hoodie
I'm cold  Norco, United States N 33ï¿½ 57' 0'' / W 117ï¿½ 33' 0''
im cold , and sick 
I'm cold, I packed all my jackets, even my blazer (I didn't wanna accidentally ruin it). I wish the bus would get here. Dammit Pittsburgh 
I'm cold.  fuck you, mtv. i love you, eminem. &lt;3
I'm cold. And tired. And currently a stupid band are playing 
I'm cold. I need my Joe posters 
I'm cold.. now I am taking some medicines... 
Im cold... I want the sun  Picked up some bargains at Aldi. No snake-venom cream in stock though!! Will have to wait.
im coming out of the closet... someone stufed me in there... 
I'm coming up with different ideas for videos/songs/orphan organizations. I'm always daydreaming about everything.. but biology and math. 
I'm commuting to school with my driver today! Can't bring my laptop! 
I'm completely confused on what is going on in this class in ch. 5-7.  wahhhh.
Im completely fascinated by the jonas brothers on larry king. Missing my @jtimberlake days 
im completely on Peter Andre's side!!  bandagedfoot 
I'm completely wiped out today - time for lunch.  Skipping #ff because I don't have time and don't want to leave anyone out.  
I'm completly and utterly lost  my heart is gone right now and it will never ever be the same. I only wish that i could find someone who
I'm Confoosed Haha 
Im confused 
I'm confused 
i'm confused about facebook...!!! 
I'm confused as f*** how this works!!  HELP!!!!!
I'm confused as to what to do with twitter haha 
im confused. 
I'm confused. 
I'm confused... I really really am 
I'm confused... twitty is bad... 
I'm confusing   too bad.
im confussed about alot of things right now 
I'm confuuuuused about twitter. 
Im congested. 
I'm considering to drop Job Well Done,its story makes me frustated..I watch it because of Chae Rim &amp; the little girl, now I want to stop 
Im convinced my husband does not want to reproduce with me and that makes me 
I'm convinced my Twittet is broken. 
i'm convinced my upstairs neighbors are constantly upset cuz they're always stomping around and yelling to communicate...no fun 
I'm convinced that tap water is giving me chemical burns. My face hurts soooo bad. 
im cooking at Granada, Spain! Gosh i'm so grown up.... And a little homesick. Oh heck, whats 9 weeks to go right? ... Right..? 
I'm cooolllll 
I'm craving being on holiday somewhere exotic &amp; hot!! 
I'm craving chick-fil-a right now. I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow 
i'm craving eggs and soliders again! ... not much I can do being microwave-less 
im craving fast food 
I'm craving for a boost juice. But I have a sore throat 
i'm craving for burgers AGAIN.. pls suggest one place.. 
I'm craving for durian  who want to bring me to go and have it? (: daddy!! I want durian!!
Im craving for italian food 
I'm craving for kfc's potato wedges 
I'm craving for Starbucks. It's been a long time since I had a frap 
I'm craving some sort of iced coffee with chocolate sort of thing. Why am I saving money?  This blows.
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!! 
I'm craving taco bell &amp; I have a massive headache.  going for a walk
I'm crazy for u!but u can't see...plz give me a reason for believe in my dream!ok u never gonna understand me... 
i'm crazy tired. pens are disappointing. i leave for camp monday 
im crushed at the way dragana the evil space vampire is mean to me on msn 
Im CRUSHED!!! I ate it  ....it wasnt even good! OMG i PRAY i dont get sick!!!
I'm crushed, black and blue.. But you know I'd do it all again for you... 
IM CRYING  i found out something shocking and sad 
I'm crying again  Love this song
i'm crying so hard that i'm choking. i miss you so much. 09/18/08. 
Im crying, bcos Im listening to this song &amp; its sooo sad that the singer herself cant sing 
I'm cuddling up with Caden..my poor baby is sick 
I'm cuddling winksy extra today in hopes that Brad will feel better... 
I'm curious about the option from T-Mobile for Internet Tethering. 	It seems as if T-Mobile wants extra money for that 
I'm currently ANGRY that somehow my FFVI game's memory was WIPED &amp; I was halfway through! I'll give up on it.  I'll try Castlevania next.
I'm currently being spammed... 
I'm currently bumming in the bio lab 
i'm currently in sad panic mode with all these talks!    did i just miss something?!?!?!  will i ever get to see @nkotb after 20 yrs!
Im currently listening to France 24 in preparation for my exam tomorrow its talking about the horrific Air France tragedy! 
I'm currently living in a game of charades bc no one can understand me   recovery process sucks
im currently not a fan of my hair 
I'm currently terribly sad!  
i'm currently very happy. but everyone else is sad. 
I'm cursed.  i have bad luck with cars 
Im cursing Thunderstorms that wake me up when I could be having a lie in 
im cut you guys are playing in the pub when in melbourne  means i cant go @AlexAllTimeLow
im cut! wooooo too bad i dont want to clean  and i didnt make any money! boooooo
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and I'm in so much pain   My mouth has never hurt so bad! This will make wisdom tooth #2.
I'm cutting a wisdom tooth and it's killing me  My mouth has never hurt so bad! This will make wisdom tooth #2.
im da only girlly girl on!! woohoo!! wait... guyz don't bully meh  bye bye queen!
i'm damn need to finish this Lochinvar thingy.. i'm damn sleepy. 
i'm dangerously close to becoming a hypocrite  
I'm darn sleepy. Still need to study for Financial Management. Hope I survive. Oh darn! Hate that professor. Still have Calculus. 
i'm dead bored, this time last week i was at the youmeatsix gig and having a proper amazing time and now i'm not  i want it baaack!
I'm debating on whether or not I should go to the cherry blossom festival at the botanical gardens. It looks like it might rain today 
I'm deciding which brand of red lipstick I should buy . So confused 
I'm deeply regretting that huge pizza last night. Exercise regime has gone out the window! 
I'm definitely going to quit shaving my pubic hair. :| Clearly hair bumps right down there are the worst. 
i'm definitely not looking forward to the hills ending as i know it 
I'm definitely not winning this tournament... 
I'm departing from new york today!  it's so depressing! I wanna stay! I love it so much!
Im depressed &amp; its rly pathetic why 
I'm depressed and it's all McFLY's fault 
I'm depressed and want Olive Garden.  
Im depressed because my blackberry is still broken and I cant prove the new UberTwitter  Movistar suckssss!
im depressed cause i killed my evergreen tree.. i was planning on growing a forest 
I'm depressed I just cracked my screen on my iPhone 
I'm Depressed maybe I should pray a little bit harder 
im depressed that were not going to St. Annes tomorow. 
I'm depressed. My computer has broken 
I'm desperate for a ragdoll kitten  My dog would make its life hell though!  xxxx
im desprate to go for the iifa awards but idk if my dad would actully let me go.. 
im disappointed 
I'm disappointed 
I'm disappointed in iPhone OS 3.0!  I expected much more fun after using the GM seed.
i'm disappointed in the cruise picture  I really hope my picture this Saturday is better
I'm disappointed the Spurs lost tonite. It's not looking good. Hope the Spurs show up Monday nite. 
I'm disappointed with my new septum barbell.    $27 down the drain, fuck.
Im disappointed, no sambuca this weekend 
Im disappointed. @bobbymitchum looks nothing like a 14/f. 
Im disgusted. Id wager this result isnt unconnected to things like the swastikas drawn on the barber shop at the end of my road 
Im dissapointed in myself because i created this account. 
I'm distracting myself from a headache it hurts ow 
I'm disturbed by the fact that many people are showing up in my &quot;following&quot; who I DID NOT follow.  Had to delete lots of unsavory folks! 
i'm doing a letter to the department. 
I'm doing an horrible work about judish people... I love judish people, don't misunderstan me, but I hate this work 'cause it's too long! 
I'm doing my art prep wishing I had put art on my cao... WHY didn't I do a portfolio?!! Coz I'm lazy that's why 
im doing my best to just move on. but i miss him. 
I'm doing my homework 
Im doing my homework on life of muslims in britain super boring essay 
I'm doing nothing and because of that I'm sleepy! well of course the rain and gray skies don't help either.  #fb
I'm doing nothing instead of studying   
i'm doing nothing this day 
Im doing nothing... 
Im doing one last look on the book, and im really nervous and scared to post it you guys. 
I'm doing the most boring school projects. yeah that was plural. Math and History.  sadness
iM DOiNG the NEVERENDiNG task of CLEANiNG my room 
I'm done Aiming on Twitter. I don't like foggy weather.  &amp; I wanna play tennis!
IM Done bt im noy SURE bt im sure that im feelin Sleeepy  Alah y3eeen bnaaaaaaaaaaaaaam
Im done packing... now CLEAN! 
I'm done remodeling for the day. I got the core of the job done, and my room's assembled. Got... Fifteen boxes left to unpack.  but vi ...
I'm DONE SCHOOL. Well at least until july 6 
I'm done talking on this 
Im done w/ my bio class. Got a very high B. But a B none-the-less  I'm sorta bummed. Going 2 listen 2 p$ cast n turn in.
i'm done with high school and have no idea what i'm going to do without my best friend next year 
i'm done with my french homework- it took almost two hours...now i have to learn geography... 
I'm done with secrets and crap. Friends and drama are dumb. No more people for me 
I'm done with watching the entire episodes of BOF on Friday. And now, there's nothing else to watch 
Im done working HURRAH!!! But now i gotta go to fresno...no fun 
I'm dooomed for tuesday's test. 
I'm doubting she'll reply. 
im down and out my life is not going as planed no love no life no music career no nothing im missing out on life 
I'm down for this g1 update. And I'm not lookin forward to the boy to go back to boise. 
I'm down in the dumps 
I'm down trodden Manuel never made it to the lake 
I'm down with pollen alergy today 
I'm downloading Fly With Me by Jonas Brothers.  But when I buy their CD this summer, those downloads will be totally worthless... 
I'm downloading iTunes onto my new laptop. Wish the internet wasn't so slow. 
Im downloading manually the oooiifull.mp4 movie by @leebrimelow as it seems the only way to see it fully 
I'm dragging this morning and I don't know why I have no energy. 
I'm drawning in emails 
I'm dreading hearing even worse news tonight 
I'm dreading the time that I would be too tired to understand people and circumstances. 
I'm dreading the transition and the hash it's no doubt going to make of my contacts, media, etc. 
I'm dreading work tomorrow.. especially now that my hours are cut, I'm pissed and Mondays generally suck. 
I'm dreaming of weird stuff every night for the past 2 weeks. Make me so sleepy even when I slept for 10 hours 
im dressed =D... to bad theres another hour to kill... probably none of my fun cousins are gonna be there... fml  maybe they'll have wi-fi
I'm dressed for 75 degrees not 57. 
I'm drink wanna go home. 
I'm drinking my first soda of like a whole year today. And I have to say. I'm not that impressed 
Im drinking the nastiest smoothie on the face of the planet! It has lactose free skim milk in it. Damn diet. 
I'm driving through my old neighborhood  aww the memories
i'm drowning in sadness but what can i do? laughter is not always the best medicine 
im drunk and emo as shit 
I'm drunk,Yeah...I need more friend to go out with...missing have a big group,missing PA.   Good to go out to go dance...
im drunk...doing things i probably should not..but whatever...fuck this...its not much fun unless you have friends...   
I'm dying and I don't remember coming home last night! WHAT?  I'm an idiot!xxx
I'm dying at home. i wanna go out  This is like a jail. Mummyyyyyy, I'mmmm dyyyiiinnnnnggggggg.
I'm dying from all the econ things. 
I'm dying here. Can't focus on work at all. Ear is hurting. Worried its getting infected... Can I puhleaze go home! 
I'm dying of boredom. And I have nobody to talk to. 
I'm dying of heat. Why is it sooo hot? 
Im DYING of THIRST!  I NEED A BEVERAGE! An Arnold Palmer sounds orgasmic! 
i'm dying on ny bed.. thinking about him! really missing him.. 
im dying to go sheesha 
I'm dying to have short hair again... too bad I can't 
IM DYING WITHOUT MY PHONE RITE NOW 
I'm dying without your love  , please Tell me you love me, too.
im dying!!! twitterfon is not working on my phone  nooooooooooo
I'm dyingggg. My kid has a taser inside of my uterus or something!! Ouchie.  I now understand what most mommas call &quot;Lightening Crotch&quot;...
im eatin b4 i go 2 wk. kind of sad 2day 
im Eating a hamburger. andd... studying for my rel/math exam 
I'm eating breakfast @ Denny's with my honey, never been gone this long. I'll miss him 
im eating cassandra is a girl....i think ;D jk srry for your tummy  ???? i cant make it better im over hear and your there  im srry rubtum
im eating frazzles &amp; watching Twilight ...... my knees hurt...... 
Im eating my feelings.  its so hard without him. 3000 miles is too far
I'm eating something with peanut butter in it.. sorry Garbo 
I'm ecstatic about the Lakers championship, but kinda sad that there's no more basketball games to watch 
i'm effin tired 
Im either coming down with a flu or Ive sung too hard and fucked up my throat 
I'm either spiraling out of control or free falling 
I'm embarrassed to admit how much Mandy &amp; I are into So You Think You Can Dance.  Poor Max.  
I'm enjoying a rainy morning Florida &amp;  husband's 2nd day of retirement..... life as I have known it will be changed forever...yuck.
I'm enjoying an alcohol free week, but not enjoying the depressing weather blahhh 
i'm enjoying feedly. shame it doesn't like safari 
@KateVmorgan -It's actually intensly lame excuses. . . and now theres none left 
@katevoegele Why aren't you coming to Montreal? 
@katevoegele WIsh they were in Toronto  Will you be coming back here soon?
@kateyes085 I should be sleeping during the night so I can find employment/plan wedding during the day! It's clearly not working out 
@kateyy__ ahh i see  &lt;3 Just think, mcfly soon waheyy ;) hahaha danny getting all hot and sweaty LMFAO niceeee ;) xx
@kateyy__ I know  whenever my mum or dad says I can go somewhere, i can never get there!
@kateyy__ yepp haha i only sat in the sun for a few hours and didnt think i was burning but omg haha its made me throw up aswell  ta xxx
@katezambrano tell me about it... 
@katfishh have extra fun for me, I went straight back to ct, my stitches are bothering me 
@katfishh I wish I could go to the tour but it seems like the german dates are cancelled! 
@katfishh sold out 
@katfishh Wish I was there. 
@katforshort You just keep pouring salt in the wound. 
@KatGirl44 *hides you* Yews cannot dies! 
@KatGirl44 *yawns* I'm quite lost for words. She isn't here - if she was the drama would be also. *rolls eyes* One word: unstable 
@KatGirl44 awww i just thought of i will remember you and it made my heart sad 
@KatGirl44 Noooooo  *throws self on floor and has tantrum that I missed it**. What interview?? Link??
@katgoesboom I would kill for a low end job right now 
@kath3000 urrghh Carmen Pregnant by someone un Dominican Tai Egyptian is depressing... She's something like exotic he's not quite 
@KatheKline I heard that on the radio earlier - that he (David Carradine) was found hanging What a shame 
@KathEleanorRose Lucky You! I have 2 Exams Tomorrow! Well... 3 cos History is 2 Papers  @SamTheNinja Aww I hope you're ok?
@katherine o snap where u at? i just got a huge order from birite! my life is over for the weekend  let's park it next week fo sho
@katherine_baker scrawny thighs? I thought you were going to be a runner?! Injections are nasty 
@KatherineCHE You're welcome - but did you know you're not following me?  
@KatherineHelena ooooh, thats poo  well i've posted chapter 68, and i've written chapters 69 &amp; 70, 69 might get posted later 
@Katherineie i knoww!! i want a guy like joe nick or kevin. really nice, a gentlemen, funny and talented! Nz doesnt have any! 
@KatherineLunt You should have come and moved it then.. i was watching TV and the bastard just walked in.. you know i dont like amimals 
@katherinemarsh haha i always wanted to see s club but my 'rents wouldnt take me 
@katherinemarsh not funny makin an old man cry 
@katherinemarsh ummm... my bad... how about playin real life sims... as in life 
@katherinexjoy umm why?! She got hurt 
@KatHernandez lol. i can do whateva i like. and i dont come home mayyyybe til xmas. 
@KatherynWinnick what about a hug then?  at least a cyber-hug?
@kathiajo muchacha, te perdiste. LOL ... what it is? yo, the movie about Len Bias debuts in MIAMI this next weekend, I wanna see it 
@KathieMiller no, andrew was listening to rush loudly, and it's gonna be really sad leaving you!!! 
@KathiePritchett what happened to my BBM 
@kathleenjeanne: Oh could u print those directions for me? 
@kathleensulli Do you have Tuesdays off like me?!?!?! Oh wait, I am the only one in DC that gets that day off 
@kathooper YES, please. I don't own it, and I've always wanted too  But it's definitely one of my faves, so sounds like a plan ;)
@kathreneforyou both baby bunnies are dead 
@kathrin2003 no - unfotunately not 
@kathrin2003 well my computer doesnt have the right connection for my camcorder 
@kathrinebrock i just saw it on b9      
@Kathryn_green_x - i miss you loads and loads kathryn  , must get a run down to ye during the week o) ! ,  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@kathryn_green_x aye  but I'm better than I was  think in going to school 2maro tho. Any gd o)!
@kathryn143 aww  I didn't mean to make you mad I'm so sorry!
@kathrynalopez my bb is broken  i spilled coffee on it. i'm freaking out. no one will understand but you &lt;3
@kathryneliz How far is Graf? Sorry E is sick  You are such a nice SIL to help her out.  http://myloc.me/15C2
@kathryneliz Oh no! Was that from B? 
@Kathrynelle yeh, I seem to have lost that lovin' feeling towards twitter 
@KathrynJaz im okay with subtle hah. i never go outside 
@KathrynKinney I am far from my computer right now.  I had given up on talking to you today... (
@KathrynKinney I tried to send you a message from my phone, but I never got a response... 
@KathrynKinney Well shit. There goes my one chance at redemption... 
@kathrynkosak nooooo  just missed it, my horses finished 2nd , 3rd, 4th and i needed them to finish 1st, 2nd, 3rd
@kathrynlucy i am too  i think i'm missing them all. by last night i even ended up enjoying the first act!
@kathrynlucy YES  Did you?
@kathrynmercer It's a sad day when the age-old cure of egg&amp;soldiers can no longer solve all my problems. Seventeen is overrated 
@kathrynmurphy16 5 of her own and 6 others actually... now you know why i dont like being at home 
@kathrynnnn you are killing my poor phone 
@kathrynpearson Bad last night? As in with the kids?  Aw... at least you're able to take your time!
@KathrynSaunt PE kills me  I have a screwed up spine you see, so it hurts 
@Kathrynsweets  Clean Me!
@kathshelper that's been going on at our place for over a year: plenty of tradie bum-crack views and loud FM radio too 
@kathtrinder @samscam what's that? The sun? No sign here 
@kathtrinder 'I hate the spring, it makes me feel so cheerful and glad to be alive'?  Yeah, that struck a chord tbh 
@Kathy_Fraggle I remember New Adventures of WTP but my ma never let me have Lucky Charms  She was anti-food coloring...
@kathy7575 Yeah traffic was bad. Dude ur missing out!! 
@KathyCarmichael That's a great idea. Unfortunately, I recently did a post about that, so I don't want to repeat myself. 
@KathyFriend Did u hear about our visit to the Indian ER today?  Her ear is infected and she is in serious pain. 
@kathygeeftw oh not sure if we have that in Hawaii 
@kathyireland &amp; said this is a way to intimid8 them to stay strong &amp; put the President down, called it a murder Admin. he shwd no love.. 
@Kathyluu I love you tooooo Katyta (L) I miss you so much 
@kathyness i went to look it up and it said it wasn't a person 
@katia_mauricio wow I'm impressed with the gujariti language!! Rekha is moving out!!  !!!
@katiachic Hey girl, I just saw your tweet!  No, I wasn't selected.   He doesn't like me. I'm gonna have to cheat on him with Jordan.
@Katie_AK47 don't tempt me!  I need to quit one of my jobs.. maybe my non-paying one for the site, haha.... so time consuming 
@Katie_Cakes my pings are failing  and yes me too... I want to get about 600 more today. I only have 150 and a bibliography. Lol.
@Katie_McFlyy i hope so or im home alone alllll day 
@Katie_McLean thank you Katie ... indeed, no london for this time  it will be later when we will get more contacts available for drinks
@katie_outram I would but I'm too busy 
@katie_raygun why can't we live closer to one another?  i really don't want to go there by myself, but i just might have to.
@katie_roberts I got a D in gertys class.  Guess I'll be spssing in the fall.. 
@katie_signalmag Tell me about it.  I'm just about to go home at 9PM.  On a Friday. 
@Katie5993 Aww, moo  In responce to your text- yeah I got Alex some chocolates? Google maps doesn't even have it, oh christ.
@katie84 You don't get them anymore? 
@katieallover bummer, bro.  Warped needs to hurry up &amp; get here! We have so many things to do! Marriage, beat downs, crowd surfing...
@katieallover have an INSANE time tonight! I wish I could go.  I'll eat a huge burrito for you at Chipotle!
@katiearena love youuuu too and i miss you mes  &lt;3
@KatieATL he's not mine anymore, adn he was like yesterday.. 
@KatieATL my stepmom went to the concert last year and cries during his speech and ALBL 
@katieb56 I wish you were here   We are learning so many tips TAADAA
@KatieBanana i miss you too. 
@katiebarber i cant reply to your DM cause u arent follwing me 
@KatieBarnett03 kinda 50% headache, 30% the mum 'lecture' about how im wasting my life &amp; 20% having no plans on a bank hol!!  hugs needed!
@katiebearxo I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@katiebee09 'cause i'm off to sw but i dont wanna gan by mesell 
@katiebeth haven't found it yet? I am so sorry, Katie  wish I cld do something
@katiebeth Weekend was quiet, just housework &amp; yardwork catchup time. Had beautiful weather &amp; wanted to climb but .... shoulder. 
@katiebeth Yeah, it's a good idea to take mental note of the number of followers everyday. Number of sneaks seems to be increasing. 
@katieblair yeah, and you should be out playing on a Friday night...sorry 
@katieboocat tnx katie... hope my problem is still negotiable for those on the Twitter creators. 
@katieboylejb katy why arnt you in school , mrs montgomreys goni miss ye 
@katiebug1112 the foot's alright. Its colour is freaking me out though.. And nope, it's still effin loud.. 
@katiebug618 aww that sucks...I rented it tonight hoping it was at least decent 
@KatieBurson what if i've worked 24 hours this weekend and simply ran out of time? 
@katiecain gahh yahh, I was like that last week! It sucks  I'm getting annoyed not only am I ill but MSN keeps crashing my laptop gahhhh.
@katiecamie I read that as Burberry scone and I was jealous 
@KatieCeciil that's bc it's not working right... I just spent an hour reading about it 
@KatieCeciil What is your band you guys were so cute!! I had to leave early 
@katiecouric Couldn't open your video 
@katiecupcake hmmm, still shows up as #12 for me  Perhaps I caught a cached version of Explore though. Congrats either way!!!
@KatieCurl i was kicked off 
@KatieCurl some people can do it i think but most people can't. I can't 
@katiedel yeah we gotta do SOMETHING before I go away! U'll be gone by the time I'm back 
@katiedidituk i hope so  don't fight how can you make up ur far away. I nned a hug now! Oh i'm ok i saw Kate Walsh again
@KatieDoyle26 I just finished watching the Real World/Road Rules Challenge...I was so pissed that you got sent home!! 
@katiee_xo oo i can do trig but thats about all i can do, i hate simultaneous equations 
@KatieeMo i have dinner plans tomorrow but lets party afterward?! i wanted to hang last niiiight but i didnt know where yall was!  tear.
@katieftsk its worse when they're ipod earphones cos theyz pricey. my slidekick is slowly breaking with 9 months left 
@katiegb_78 Dont know. He said we'll prob not hear anything knew until Sept when the judges have to get on the road again... 
@katiegb_78 How are u? I miss tweeting w/ u! How's ur mom? Still can't go online at home... 
@katiegb_78 I worked on that one today.... Not so great 
@katiegin can i join you  x
@KatieGreen what is PDK? And why does Athens have to be so far from Athens 
@katiehuntsman I should have known that you would be all over that one. hahah on a sad note she's not going to be any city around me. 
@KatiejoZ awwww  that sucks for yo daddy. i didn't know. katie, if you ever need anything, let me know.
@KatieKateP damn I don't have ur bbm  but yet the pretty posse meetin is 2nite @ eyebar w/ @radiorah and @djalizay
@KatieKateP No mam  I should be gettin one today! PRAY.. lol
@katiekillian Problem is they just keep coming 
@KatieKilljoy I wanna play with you tonight  *pout, pout side face*
@katieklogs pretty much everything. Why? If I don't the little spark that's 'me' will fizzle out entirely. 
@KatieKuddles who's fighting  ?
@KatieLaRowe why??? I think paige already deleted hers... 
@katielouisepow yeaaa! Me and annie just have standby tickets though! 
@KatieMcKeever I only lasted like ten minutes... its cause i had to skip the last two times i was supposed to run 
@Katiemmabbz My dad has lost my collage forms 
@katienich I really miss that, too. I wish I could be Little Red Riding Hood every day. 
@katiep68 @3rika Might have to make the next Taco Sunday. Got a story to finish and tonight's not looking too promising 
@KatiePeel91 Snap  i have it on iphone but i want it properly mert
@KatiePunter I lent back, put my foot out as a counterweight and it slid up the sharp broken edge of my mirror.  why do I deserve it??
@KatieRusman the bloating!!   i had a weird test thing today and no more cows milk and cheese for me! haha
@katierzemien thats not going to take the whole day is it? i only have like 3 full weeks to spend with you! 
@KatieSandiego aw, i didnt want to contribute to sadKT!  BBhurplolz! i just wanna come to tx when i have $ to spend. northparkjungleshorts
@katiesantry absolutely nothing. 
@katieschulte i miss you tooooo! i can't imagine not seeing you all the time next semester  miss you love!
@katiesol @brokenbottleboy I'm going to have to unfollow you two. You're giving me sparkly milkbrick shame 
@katiesol It re-entered my brain orbit thanks to me watching Ryan Reynolds mugging away in &quot;Just Friends&quot; recently 
@KatieSteed haa, whens your next exam? i have one tomorrow and day after, need these to end. and where did the sun go 
@katieT1990 fuck you 
@katieunderdown Ain't that the truth 
@KatieWalter I'm sad we'll miss H&amp;O too. 
@Katiewatie666 I thought you were coming to Prov? 
@katiezilla I've never heard of that place. Where at? I start summer school on Monday.  Where were you taking Coun100?
@katili Awwwh, you can't get a Mac version?  Gah!
@katinar What wall??    and what's this new fic? ;)
@KatInsane it can be heartbreaking when our parents have failings. you have to carry on without their help sometimes 
@katishias what's up ma? How u get 900 followers and u started in march  lol
@katisneat I miss you already 
@Katithecutie Ok I SUCK at Twitter.  I just saw that you left this for me!  I assumed that Twitter would e-mail me!!  sorry I missed you!
@katithompson no thanks, cba, need to go to college 
@katithompson she woke up this morning when I was moving the wheel down and she was making these squeeky noises  she's mad at me still
@Katizzle  what a shame! here it's 5.35pm.. and tomorrow i gotta go to high-school (N what time do you have to wake up?
@Katizzle uuuff! that's horrible  i have to wake up at 6 am everyday! except for the weekend, it totally sucks!
@katkake1 I know, right? There's no where else downtown that has soy milk since the break room stopped carrying it 
@KatKitKatFace not yet i leave tomorrow morning 
@katlilytwit I'm sorry  are you still planning a phoenix tweet-up or what?
@katlrz RIP CHARLIE. omg, he was my favorite character 
@katlyn_says I have a lot of graduated friends 
@katmuro awwww... I miss my not batman cup that krystal made me..   How's ur grandma?  (GET THIS! I ACTUALLY prayed last night!)
@katoe hey...can you check the shipping info on the gatorboard that you ordered? It isn't here 
@katofawesome i dont have those movies 
@katokat YEAH. Until now, I`m expecting him to come back 
@katrchrdsn  No fun.   We have been getting increasing humidity, also.  Hopefully the headache lets up.
@katrchrdsn I can't find the follow on my twitter feed for @team_seattle!    I may have to wait til I can actually log into twitter! 
@Katreeeena All goooooooood! I dont think im gonna go now anyways   You're moving!! Where!?
@Katrina617 oh yes it will be 
@katrinaamato I just caught myself doing a clapping sequence to Crookers and I was missing my clapping sister 
@KatrinaBaybee I know 
@KatrinaBTW that would make me so paranoid. I have them around our area too and they are really aggressive here  I know what you mean
@katrinagueco I can't. Most of them post spoilers. 
@katrinakay Oh. I wasn't invited 
@katrinalaws im on my way!!!...for friday haha imissyouna  haha
@katrinalaws I'm really jealous. I'm so sad I won't be there  
@katrinalmoreno and im an idiot for missing their last show 
@KatrinaMilam @tracyw1981 Poor you guys, missing out on happy hour 
@KatrinaPierson SHOOT, I'm such a ditz, I'm an hour behind!! I missed the broadcast 
@KatrinaSunny n have u watched her movie?i havent watched it,it hasnt been released here. huhuh 
@katrinayellow some of the tweeters I'm following reported being beaten up pretty badly 
@katriord  so sad ~~~ I can't even imagine this kind of loss 
@katriord here it is http://tinyurl.com/lpdbpl  I'm a little bummed. Someone joined at the 11th hour and is now far in the lead   thanks
@katscratched Aww, I'm sorry  Give Carson a hug from me!
@katshakespeare   I'm sorry. 
@KatSingsAlot my watch deceived me 
@katsosaucy http://twitpic.com/5ejak - Gross  Good Luck with that. (via @DoubleBagger)thanks 
@KatStep its fathers day, are you still annoyed with your dad then?  xxxx
@KatStep whatevs. rub it in  xxxxx
@KatStopFeeling :O what happened to little Holly bby?  but aye, last night was banterous, IM SO GLAD THERE WERE NO TEARZZ! 
@katstopstraffic: Until now. YEA. Same here. 
@katsurap IT MADE IT INFINITELY LESS HOT 
@kattekrab No tango icons in this revision. 
@kattiev Dammit!  hehe tah babe, speak to yew later! xoxo
@kattiev was that program that i was talking about on?! if it was, i missed it 
@kattybuns im busy thursday   wednesday or friday?
@KattyLenoir88 I really didn't  lol fml.
@KattySantos the nuggest post my comment... the shut up no  i think we have to really send some one to shut up
@KatvonStarLite no. I was yappin away walkin on and can't remember where I came in at.  
@katweeena i know. 
@KatWilton I had a panel decide to keep or toss clothes, me retaining veto power. There were a lot of hard decisions in that shoe bag. 
@Katwood30: you get to go home and i have to go to work 
@KatxIllustrious Sorry you're having a bad night sissy. 
@KatxIllustrious You have a sidekick? Cool beans. Mine broke  and I miss it dearly.
@katy0819 that my phone sucks and I can't get it to call you 
@katy9111 but the woman was like &quot;we don't do 18ths anymore cos they cause too much trouble&quot; :| :| but ours wouldn't be trouble 
@katyand we've been using TPG since we got the house. No complaints at this stage. No internets yet? 
@katyandersen awww we loveeeee uuiuuuuuuuu lots and lots my dear!!! Wish u were here too 
@katyanoctis @JohnLeCompt yeah but unfortunately not in a good way! Wish people could love all the members (&amp; music) instead of just 1. 
@katyb_ No need to rub it in    can you learn it for me? hehe
@katyb_ what's wrong? 
@KatyBeanHall yeah i'm safe, but its a dark time. the place wont be the same - dont know how much longer it can go on like this. boooo 
@KatyCorbeil hell no! Although mine is missing.  damn children.
@KatyCorbeil I'm not awkward! Am I? Awww 
@KatyCowles did you lose your job at Channel 4?   
@katydidnot my condolences. i bet there was a lot of cash involved too. 
@katyelizabethh my camera card is still not working 
@katygal I SO want to-not sure how tight security is?! If they find it, do they confiscate it or do I have to take the train back to car 
@katylisajess why're you sad 
@KatyMoeller I remember when Meridian was a nice little country area. 
@Katynhaa my dad went on an army tour for 6 months and we were hoping to go see him for a month but we cant  xxxx
@katypayne  you need your phone
@katypayne i already miss you girly 
@katyperry bet you have a lot of mannequin's in your life. sigh so do i 
@katyperry Comee backk to texasss we misss youuu  stoked for seeing you when you comee(:
@katyperry did you get the earrings from the briefcase? I hope they didnt get lost. 
@katyperry http://twitpic.com/7qfmv - kitty purry, you rule! sorry i cant vote but im not even 1 yet 
@katyperry http://twitpic.com/8apmu - I'm jealous of that pizza 
@katyperry hy katy ! gosh, are you the real one katy perry ? hixhix, i hope so 
@katyperry i hope you will call me on my bday. coz my bday is on may 17 hope so katy hope so. 
@KatyPerry i was supposed to see you tonight , but you changed your dates  Can't wait till 21st August
@katyperry i wish i could be in amsterdam 
@katyperry it's all down to you!! gutted I couldn't come to your show last week  Next year fingers crossed!!
@katyperry nooo not a question mark! 
@katyperry oh it sounds awful katyy 
@katyperry Perry, I'm not impressed about this rescheduling business 
@katyperry please come back to Liverpool! I missed you at PINK  x
@katyperry wish i could be at pinkpop too, but I have to study so my parents didn't allow me to come 
@katyperry yeah but i'm stuck in the office! 
@katyperry your Thinking of You video is very sad...  I almost crying
@katyperry You're in Amsterdam now? Noooo, I was there yesterday. 
@katyperry, why postpone us!  see ya 25th of august biatch, aha oh well means i can play on @thesims3
@katyrullman This is why you need to not be over in the Old World. I misses hanging out and being awkward with you 
@katytx77 yeah. i have 2 final projects to finish for school. due tomorrow. i just started on both of them LOL 
@KatYusuf nope not really 
@katyxbeth i didn't get to watch it  i was engrossed in true blood haha
@katyxocolin PLEASE NOOOO! 
@KatyyandSam aww  noooo! grr. okay, whatever. That's fine.
@KatyyandSam i can'tt wait for DITO tonight  is sad that you're cancelling your series 
@Katzilla_dances  I promise you that you will experience the cheddar biscuits one day! ONE DAY!
@katzmeow1221 not when Dad is in Bristol.  I'll call tomorrow and let him know it's on it's way.
@katzworld I know some of the pain. My iphone wouldn't do spymaster tasks at all to day. 
@kauaiianSun I just went alum, too  Best wishes! @Steph_Mitchell  Representin' in Louisiana!
@kauf That makes me want to cry. 
@KaulitzToyzXD http://twitpic.com/6el0k - aw man. the halls i will never walk again. 
@Kaulovesmangoes Haha i couldn't sleep in!!! I woke up at like, 8.30am. UNGODLY 
@kaveeta tell me about it...i just about managed to sleep for 4 hours last night 
@KaveyF er .... no you didnt..... *rumble* oh dear 
@kawaiiaya aww, sorry  neither does Dyson, but he was on the slide...hehe
@kawaiicelia Same here,,couldn't resist many nyummy food...failed again and again 
@KawaiiKoneko oh no! Your laser went bad! 
@KawaiiStephanie I dont think i'll make it for tomorrow    http://twitpic.com/6t8qh  
@Kawdess not able to add u on FB 
@kawilhelm thanks for responding to my messages 
@Kay4388 if I could afford @hotelcarolina I'd be on it - but with school &amp; my dad &amp; being jobless for june/july, its not gonna work 
@kayannjanet Unfortunately the key sources have to be protected lest they get arrested or killed. 
@KayB me too...dont have enough cash to go to multiplex 
@KayB No no, seasn ends with ths match. Last match. No more football for 3 months aftr ths match 
@Kayb3th thanks sweetie  kendras tonight??
@kaybee007  I only just saw your update!  Damn it!  I had really bad luck with my shots of smart light - rain never helps. 
@KayBella I have boxes, but I don't think they would do you any good... cause I'm here and you are there 
@Kayceeare  i miss you  we need to go to a movie soon!
@kaydan_96 i don't want jon and kate to get a divorce! i hate the stuff they talk about jon and kate. it's so sad 
@KaydeeJean this yr is going so fast, I can't believe its almost the 4th, its all down here from there for summer 
@KaydeeJoyce I haven't seen it yet either 
@Kaydeescrafts Akita tried to kill our dog on Saturday  apparently this is typical of Akitas didn't even see beast until it floored her
@kayden_kross Watch your back! That rabbit sounds like he has a vendetta out on you.  
@kaydence02 No, I'm just taking tylenol. Ibuprofen bothers my stomach, too acidy. I need more tylenol now, but dont feel like getting up. 
@kaydence02 we r the lost troopers. But I want to know 
@kaydoggg  i didnt check your tweet till now. i know you guys had fun. when do you leave ? and this means your never coming backk
@Kaye_Love im sorry  will you ever forgive me *gives you puppy dog eyes* im sorry
@kayeezzee YEA BUT THE FUNCTIONING CHEAD IS HERE NOW... 
@kayekayekaye Have you met me? (lol) MY MIDDLE NAME IS CREEPY FGS 
@kayemanalo what time you going? I still don't know what to wear 
@kayenchante  oy vey. yes it is. my heart is breaking
@kayeyap They were talking in a restaurant. And he said something after.  Bastaaa! Watch it. :&gt;
@kayhanley I keep posting douche canoe trying to get it in the trending topics but amazeballs beat it 
@kayheartsdew i had so much stuff in my hands when i came inside. 
@kayisawesome work again on a sunday and wake up that early? ugh...that sucks 
@kayjayduubz where are yooouuu. we must have our sleepover soon 
@KayKay18 Nope. 
@KayKay18 To be honest, I didn't look...sorry! 
@KayKay89 i guess everyone went out 2nite 
@KaykayinAR me too but it is Saturday - unfortunately you have to go 
@kayla_denise why arent you following me  this is really sad KAYLA
@Kayla_Kush You would want to see them. Blegh I was down yesterday. I got really sick 
@kayLaanic0le damn i misssed out, 
@kayLaanic0le lol but n0t a go0d impression since every1 was a Laker fan lol. i was tryin 2 get a lil drink n u c0uldnt ho0k me up  that
@kaylaatthedisco AW maybe your skin's already irritated with the hair :| Angelica got some zits too 
@kaylacelina why so sad? 
@kaylacollins I totally did that the other day!! it stings 
@kaylacollins im not there 
@KaylaDCline oh my god yeah I didn't even hear anything about it! That's so sad and terrible 
@KaylaEileen what? You don't like staying up here? Oh wait, you didn't even stay with me 
@kaylagoesroarrr oh my god i cant find it  i dont think its here   !!!
@kaylagotzskillz but now Sadie's MIA, so I don't have anyone to talk to about kol stuff in jgg 
@kaylahoh dishes suck  im sorry boo ski
@kaylajoysmith it got moved to monday.  sighsigh.
@Kaylakeane Awh sorry  You going Dun Laoighre today?
@kaylala19 hahahaah my dads such an ass, i miss you alreaddyyy 
@Kaylalallama:  She's going to beamer for the rest of high school. i'm so sad. there will be no more prn journal. 
@kaylaleee omfg! i cant belive it! please tell me all about it when you get backk!!!  you have been so so so so lucky! unlike me  lol xx
@KaylaNicholeG I miss Trina too and you  I even miss the room of death
@KaylanMason thank you kaylan!  idk what's wrong with the tendon though... 
@KaylaO wow that's just great 
@kaylaoh oh dear  im sorry boo. My dad didthat last night too 
@kaylaschill I will have that same side effect for the next 10-14 days...but probably from IV Morphine first, then Percocet @ home... 
@Kaylasita87 wake up!  hug me!
@kaylaSTACK not yet, i don't think there'll be any need for one now 
@kaylaSTACK playing and he goes&quot; oh god, courtney, thats horrible&quot; and turns it down a whole heap, laughing and does his window up!  LOL
@kaylaSTACK shaun &amp; andy are on a chatroom right now, except it crashed 
@kaylcgirl Yah, he told me, it was pretty messed up  I used 2 sit in my bunk or the 'metal lounge' &amp; I would blast TFOT &amp; Ozzy 4 yr Dad ha
@KayleaOBrien haha yes. His happiness is alll datt matters![: gosh how i wish i was her 
@kaylee2o3 HA! finally found someone I know! happy summer Kaylee, too bad I dont get to kick next to you anymore 
@KayleeBeauty there should is nothin like moms cookin... I miss mi mami... 
@Kayleeleanne Its not my fault the internet decided to go and take a trip somewhere  and Jordan isnt here now xxx
@KayleenDuhh  I know the feeling
@KayleenDuhh I'm not on my moms computer right now  But I would love to helppp
@KayleenDuhhh YES! I miss you!! but sadly, I still have like 3 more weeks of school 
@kayleeperry i said im sorry!  the only reason i told him was 'cause i didnt want him to be hurt...like a heads up.i didnt mean 2 hurt u 
@kayleeperry look at what i said to....someone. actually dont. no, do it. dont. yes. no.yes. no. UGH i dont know. 
@Kayleigh_Staack haha im not gonna go but, mum said no  why arent you goinggg? say your names amanda and you called and blablabla?
@kayleighshea I'm so sorry! I didnt sign off, my internet is down. Im on my moms cell 
@KaylenScott lol ouch. I wore these pruple lashes 2 the footbal games once and I had 2 rip them off.. 
@kaylexanna Haha, I wish they raised the limit on characters on servers. I am desperately wishing to level a character from scratch. 
@kayleybum im actualy shit scared of them 
@Kaylia1991: Iï¿½m still here.  Donï¿½t know, how long it takes.
@Kaylibandvibe RIGHT?! That and night at the museum 2,fml   I NEED A MOVIE DAY hahaha
@KaylinKrashesky I/m having problems with OS 3.0 as well.. I guess I will have to wait a day or so.. 
@kaylinstone ...10 days?  that's not very long.  
@KayluhhhxD I don't have any animal crackers 
@KayluvsChrisM Im coming to school if Im better, but might not happen if im sick  Sick because you never gave me chocolate :|
@kayonce where are yall! im bout to start walking lol  and it aint funny!
@kayoungche you're seeing No Doubt outside?  I think you'll need to take an umbrella   anyway, have fun!
@kayozview Finally read this. Very sad. A life for a life doesn't make it all better. 
@KayParx I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@kayray I had the 3-in-1 kit near the bottom of this page as a kid: http://is.gd/KP6A Wish I still had it 
@Kayrii hahah maybe. my camera's kinda screwed up soo.... yeah.  sowwi.
@KaYSiM26 no luck with the phone it's going for 26 dollars. 
@kaysis_bcn Just looked at the dates &amp; realized i'm in training that week for work so cant make it 
@kayt_marie grades came home. phone got taken away 
@kayte_girll sorry to hear your ankles are swollen. 
@Kayteeduck What. D: Cannot unsee!  I now have a nice mental image of a whip-wielding Godzilla...with blue hair. 
@kayteemick  Joe and I loveee you.
@kayteemick that's the worst, i'm srry bb 
@KayTyler Nope, house is upside down.. and i've looked everywhere.. its a huge bunch.. and very noticable.. but not here 
@KayTyler way worse than doing exams yourself 
@KayTyler Well, Setanta is about to go under. 
is, instead, drinking a double tequila and squash in a pint glass. With a side order of 
Is. this. a. lie? FML. F uuuuuuu. I can be such a fool sometimes 
Is...                                                                 
Is... sigh... no longer going to Bonnaroo. 
is...just...ugh. 
is...really...annoyed...grrrrr. Can't stop sneezing &amp; eyes won't stop itching...I wanna gouge them out right now! Ran outta allergy meds 
is...you know know ATM idk 
Isa and I just found out a while ago that Bill of Kill Bill (David Carradine) is dead -- the report said he committed suicide in Bangkok 
Isaac barfed in the middle of the night last night.  He's now just chillin' on the couch.  Poor little man. 
isaac slept great last night...mommuy not so muc. what do you think my chances are to get this well rested baby to nap this morning? 
isaak got a sunburn today--I sunburned my baby   the sun is evil; so are makers of $8 sunscreen, but I have to fatten their profit margins
Isabeau Ella-Marie Carpenter wntd mommy 2 call in sick, i miss her  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6215591
Isabel caught her first fish a 7&quot; trout! Xavier's fish got off the hook just as he brought it up to the shore 
ish. Damn school.... couldn't you start on June 15 instead? 
ISIS not run hhhmmmmm 
Islam and freedom will never be one, come on Iran, solve the problem and let it be  *
isn`t excited for tomorrow. 
isn't allowed any sex until her boyfs cock piercing heals!!! Gutted! 
isn't as cool as JD 
isn't enjoying not knowing how to use twitterr. 
isnt feelin the aircraft carrier lifestyle at the moment 
isnt feelin well at all  i need 2 sleep
isnt feeling good right now 
Isn't feeling the best right now 
isn't feeling to good. I think I'm sick 
isnt feeling to well  sucks to be me aii haha oh well
isn't feeling very well today has a headache and feels sick 
isnt feeling well 
isn't feeling well, still don't get why people say they're pregnancy is the most beautifull time of they're life 
Isnt glad to see she cant be friends with her best friend anymore. 
isnt goin 2 the mall anymore  but is still gonna have fun 2morrow
isnt goin to da beach, its raining 
isn't going to be able to do her vlog, 'cause there isn't enough time... still gotta get ready for prom  HIGH SCHOOL OVER!! (:
Isnt going to camp today..but that might also mean im not going to the party either.. 
Isnt going to see Rent because her dad is a douche. So sad. 
isn't going to sleep tonight.  It's 3 hours until I need to wake up. Sleeping now means no waking up at 6:30a...
isn't going to Vegas in July after all... Floyd Mayweather has a broken rib 
isn't gonna be able to eat anything at the birthday party  http://plurk.com/p/12gj83
Isnt happy he's not getting a propper Sunday dinner today  Happy Fathers day.   Enjoy the last of the weekend! Least it's a nice day !!
Isnt happy that her computer remote isnt working. 
isn't happy, the sun has gone 
isnt having any luck finding a dress 
isn't having the greatest night. 
isnt if funny how when you google miley cyrus all her skanky half naked pictures come up? lalala. i want holidays.  NOW.
Isn't iPhone 3.0 supposed to released today? iTunes is still showing 2.2.1 as the latest 
Isn't it awful that our no kill shelter is FULL and we cant accept any more cats or kittens? Why cant I win the lottery to expand it? 
isn't it SOOOO tempting when a return flight to Cape Town for over a month is only ï¿½240  lol fuckit shall I go?
isn't lady-like enough to manage acrylic nails 
isn't looking forward to be writing finals 
isn't looking forward to catching up on yesterdays work  #fb
isn't looking forward to going outside. It's already 67(F)  It shall only get hotter, though thank goodness not in the hundreds.
isnt looking forward to her colour exam tomorrow 
isn't looking forward to her media exam tomorrow!!! 
isn't looking forward to her science exam tomorrow  gotta be an early bird &amp; get up for revision at school... but i have missed the place!
isnt looking forward to tomorrows english exam  - plus R.I.P Smokie 
isn't looking forward to waking up at 7 tomorow morning 
Isnt looking forward to waking up so early... 
isn't much up for life right now 
isn't quite with it today 
isnt ready at all for piano exaammm 
isn't really getting Twitter yet  Why do I have green people? x
isn't sleeping as well as he'd like 
Isnt Speaking To Her Sister Anymore, Cuz she Going To See The BB Special Of Celebrity Quiz Show 
isnt that interest in the dessert menu nemore, wot is wrong wiv me? 
isnt very happy with twitter at the moment.. wont let me upload my picture  wishing dougie or tom would reply to me..
ISP dragging its feet - 2 hrs and counting. Be back when it gets sorted. No wireless nearby today. 20 mins to read a few tweets 
Israel is too far away, and my boyfriend is, therefore, too far away. Been having nightmares about abandonment and other scary things  
iss feeling very saddened 
iss gonna redo her resume and apply at cineplex. Please wish me luck  tim hortons never called back. GOD BLESS THEM ;)
iss tired from the whoole day D: and it's monday again tomorrow  what to doo ???
Iss Up Andd Watching Onibuses Hate Morningg Tv  Goin Picturess Todayy Andd Seiing My Bm ! Ilu x
iss veryy boredd  x
isss in topeka, kansas and leaving back for texass tomorrow morning 
isssss cold 
ist becoming less of the person who she used to be.  http://plurk.com/p/xv2za
it  is so beautiful outside, but I don't feel like even  getting out of bed    this pain is really getting to... - http://bkite.com/08IgT
It all the margaritas that gave u a headache krystle. Becuz i got one too 
It also doesn't render &lt; properly in the preview windows 
it always feels like I am waiting for the weekend to come around, and when it does, it just flys by....again!, but I fear the end of june 
It always makes me choke up when Merry and Pippin have to say bye 
it always makes us sad. 
it always starts raining when I finally decide to get out of the house  I even sorta got dressed up, so I definitely don't want to go out.
It always sux to bury a pet..  rip hunter
It annoys me that a 250 GB hard drive doesn't actually hold 250 GBs. In fact, no drive holds the number of GBs it claims to hold. Sucks! 
It appears I'm allergic to mo-fo everything today! Running nose, eyes, skin is all flared up. Could be perfume, milk or pollen or all 3! 
It appears I'm going to a Sounders game in like, 20 minutes.  Sorry, no updates from there - I haven't paid my phone bill.  
It appears Meal Obama is no more  Any insight, @MidtownLunch?
It appears that I'm stuck in Atlanta for 2 hrs...what a great day 
It appears that some functions of Google Documents don't work in the recent Safari 4. 
It appears the iPhone OS 3.0 will only be released on 18 June http://bit.ly/5XdiB  #fb
it appears the sun is actually starting to rise.above the water is pink &amp; dark blue with white clouds &amp; stars. i left my camera @ bro's. 
it back to normal 
IT BBQ day at the college - currently raining   We'll probably have a late start
it began to rain  *Tw*
It better not rain in the summer 
it better not rain WTF. what a way to damper the party  please pray for me people
it better storm today 
it breaks my heart to see my dog in pain 
it bugs me so much getting all these tweets from start at the mtv awards that are tonight.. i wanna be there! 
it cant be monday already! 
It can't be time to wake up already  I must hit snooze one more time.
it certainly seems like it... its making me sad... i have nothing else to do in canada... and my bff talks to me once in a while  
it cost me $931 to get my car inspected.....damn state inspections 
It costs $700 to rent out the Muskogee waterpark 
It creeps people out when I already have their account info up when they come to the register 
it definitely rained today... 
it didn't make sense to combine all the mutant powers to Wade, and then just kill him after 10 minutes.  #xmenorigins
It didn't stay quiet.  
It does mannn 
It does not look good for Collin  My little guy can't hold on any more and I am absolutely miserable.
It does not want to let me in today    #creativetechs
It does! Lol but i have none 
It doesn't automatically refresh sometimes too 
It doesn't even feel like i slept 
it doesnt feel like friday 2day like, roll on sunday, all day sesh haha work 10-6 on monday not gud lol 
It doesn't feel like summer. 
it doesnt feel like sunday 
it doesn't feel the same 
it doesn't help that a post I was replying to - really mean and horrid about twitter - was removed so one of my comments makes no sense 
it doesn't help that we're supposed to wear clothes from the store but there's like nothing that fits me 
It doesn't pay to take time off it seems.  My punishment for leaving work early on Friday is to work tonight   Will pop in from time2time
it doesn't seem right to me.. something is missing and i don't know what it is. 
it doesn't sound like it's going so great.... probably NOT seeing demi. 
it doesnt stop there either, u will find tears at his other grads too. wait til high school  that one will bring some wetnesx.
It doesn't work 
it don't count your updates when they are the same 
it don't have a price..loving you is cherry pie 
it dont work   lol xxx
it dropped to 49 now!!  why???
it expired 
it feels absolutely terrible passing out in the bathroom 
It feels as if we lost a family member. ohh 
it feels as though my knee caps have been shattered. 
It feels as though the SVN 1.5 developers took a &quot;She'll be right&quot; approach  So over this lolpanda system.
It feels like all the good twitter conversations occur AFTER I fall asleep.  Feels like I'm missing the party sometimes.  
It feels like he's in the darkness&amp;I help bring the sun out.  That could be true or not. Either way that's how he makes me feel.  
It feels like i popped my shoulder out of its socket  this sucks.
it feels like i`m alone, they both sleepin` now . . I miss my bed 
it feels like im about to just collapse 
it feels like i'm coming down with something...  *away! away!*
It feels like I'm getting sick.  *coughcoughcough* - sneeze
it feels like it should be 5 in the morning! aw man i'm all out of dvds to watch 
It feels like Martini O'clock, but is in fact, only Three Thirty O'clock 
It feels like rain here 
It feels really cold but its 12 degrees C, Argh Im coooooold 
It feels so lonely to sleep alone.. 
it feels so wierd being without antoineettteeee 
it feels unnatural to be up this early during summer 
it feels weird eating In N Out in the valley! I miss San Diego 
it felt like I was drowning the whole time  But at leat it's over for now
It finally sunk in. 
It gets so lonely at work sometimes.  Everyone sleeping, nobody to talk to. 
It going home today 
It' going to be a photography day today, shame the weather is so dull 
It had my weakness written all over it. 
It happens often that, if i wanna scroll down on #gravity, that i accidentally open the sub menu 
It has been 1 day since he left. I do not think I can handel this 
It has been a bit cool here in Carolina.  Where's the sun?  Not liking this very much. 
It has been raining all day and now quite heavily. Another flood on the way? 
it has been raining all week its more like winter than summer,     the kids finish school on friday for the summer
it has been raining for about 3 three days now  summer where are you?
It has been so hot all day and now the rain is lashing down, just as ive put my trampoline up! What are the chances! 
It has been so long since I made ramen that I forgot how to make it the way I like. 
It has been so nice outside I have been spending all time time out there and ignoring the twitterverse in here. Sorry 
It has finally come to an end 
It has NOT been a good &quot;Friday&quot; morning. 
It has now reached 91.9 degrees in my workplace 
It has to be custom measurements, so I asked him where he'd be getting them from and he says he has the dog in the freezer.  SO SAD!!!!! 
It hasn't been okay for 2 grown men to dress alike since... NEVER!! I'm embarrassed for these two. They think its cute 
it hasn't even been 2 hrs and i already miss facebook   
it hurts to put clothes on! 
It hurts to see my sister and her boyfriend.  And I don't know why.
It hurts to sleep  I'm so burnt
it hurts to smile 
it hurts when i see you and you ignore me. 
It is &quot;Snakes on a Plane.&quot; And there was just a scene involving a sniffing Belgian Malinois. I miss Roxy again. 
it IS ... stop by and see it ... although the garden is a hot mess - needs to be weeded and the gardeners didn't mow the lawn last week 
It is 00:03 I'm Wrecked  I'M Hungry &amp; I have to get up early. Not the perfect Fri night LOL night
it is 12:23am. Im really tired...i want to have a shower but owen is on the loo so i can't.. grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
it is 2:30 am and i can't sleep  
It is 2:49am. I have to be at work at 7:30am and I can't get sleepy. 
It is 6 o'clock in the evening. My children come directly home for dinner-hope they are hungry. It still rains 
It is 6:45 on a Saturday.... WHY AM I AWAKE?!? 
It is 7 am on my day off and I am awake! Seriously!? I don't even wake up this early when I work! 
It is 80 million degrees in my apartment. I may barf and punch my landlord maintenance men 
It is 90 degrees and only partly cloudy in my old home of Rome today; it is 64 degrees, cloudy and on the verge of rain in Manchester,NH 
It is 90 degrees out. I'm dying here and drowning in humidity.  Trying to stay cool.
It is a beautiful sunny day today... of course all 3 Skidmore's are sick. 
it is a good weather out today, we should chill, but first, come to broadway with me  anyoneeeee ?!
It is a little telling that the BNP fall back on WW2 to attempt to stir some misguided patriotism. Pity it seemed to work 
it is a million degrees out  ... too freakin hotttttt
it is a never ending story.... 
It is a ridiculously beautiful day out here in Nyc. I would had like to go to summer stage 
It is a sad day. My hat of 3 years was lost to the river 
It is a science *FACT* that I can not true wheels 
It is a shame about GM. What if they are forced to make only cars the White House THINKS will sell? What do you think?
It is a shame should have stumbled on Nic Chagall before 
it is almost 3am and i cant sleep 
It is almost time... the pain is almost unbearable but there is nothing I can do about it. 
It is as if I will feel so close and yet so far. I need you 
It is back to being cold and frosty  hot water bottles are good
it is boring at the time now nobody who I can is here!!!!  
It is chilly outside... 
It is cloudy and gray with no internet today!!!  
It is COLD outside 345am! Like 37 and frost warning! My flowers 
it is crazy how much i will miss Michael... 
it is dress up as pirates time in my office, don't think I'm allowed to take a photo though 
it is for me! its annoying me  i never realized how much i googled. and now i can't do anything. STUPID GOOGLE. its broken.
It is Fri. of Year End &amp; I don't have to work this weekend!  1st time in yrs I've not had to work late at YE!  Sorry 2 my friends who do 
It is getting to be that I don't want to go to bed...bc idk what is going to be there.. I know I sound crazy. I'm not. 
It is god forsaken hot outside. Wish i had a/c in my house and car 
it is horrible when a friend is lying in front of a person who is important in your life and you published the whole world =(   
It is hot and I can't sleep 
it is HOT out there. 
It is impossible to sing if you have the hiccups!! 
It is June. Why on earth is it 50 degrees outside? This bites. 
It is just me. Uninstalled #rails 2.3.2 and tried with a fresh 2.2.2 app - still no dice. Obviously something bizarre in my setup 
It is monsooning again 
It is much worse to watch someone else be sick than to be sick yourself 
It is no longer 'early 2009'. I would like more Exes and Ohs please 
It is Norm, my hero at 0.51! http://bit.ly/2DZqBu  Really miss him!  Wish they could do re-runs or put it on DVD.
it is not allowed to rain. 
It IS NOT going 2 b a good traffic day! But in light of many more serious issues in the world like plane crash (  ) I'm not gonna complain
IT IS NOT GOOD TO HAVE WOKEN UP WITH A QUAKE  ....... OH MY GOD!
it is not home time 
it is not possible to detach a tab in Internet Explorer 8 ! Microsoft's innovation = ZERO. 
it is now 2:25am...woke up because throat hurts to bad. Sucking on a throat drop, trying not to moan too loudly. 
It is now 4.37 I'm still awake 
it is now ME vs. MY FRIENDS !!! ( EGYPT vs USA )    Come On EGYPT , @ least MAKE me see it ( EGYPT vs SPAIN )  
It is official no more FQ &amp; Sir... sad  anyone has money to buy it? could be fun
it is officially summer, school is out! and i already have a sunburn 
It is officially three days til graduation and sadly I already miss most of my buddies already 
It is on at Truth Seekers right now... @BuddhaSupreme not feelin 100% though...  
It is once again hot outside  The pool is even hot
it is only tuesday 
It is only Wednesday!?  I could have sworn that it was at least Thursday... 
It is past 4 AM &amp; i can't sleep,i have way too much stuff on my mind 
it is pouring down rain and i can tell it will get really humid soon 
It is pouring here in NYC!! I don't have an umbrella or a cab... Have a feeling this is going to be a long night. 
It is pouring outside  so much for walking around portland. Major sads.
it is raining   but today i see all my family
It is raining  .I speak my mind: I love St.Petersburg, but i can't stand Petersburg's weather.
It is raining like hell 
it is raining like woah! my pants are wet 
It is raining outside... I hate when it rains...! 
It is raining really hard and I have a million places to go today 
It is rainy. 
It is rather hot for my liking!! 
it is really cold 
It is really hittin me now   d[-_-]b
It is sad, though, that my coworker will not apply this excess energy to work... Just to her personal life and stressing me out. 
It is Saturday. Why is everything closed??  but but, am impulsive, why can't I be allowed to go with it?
It is saying I have 30 followers when I only have 28!!!!!!!!! 
It is scary. I had a nightmare about it lastnight 
it is snowing 
It is so cold in this car  I am so ready for the beach
It is so Cold inside and outside, That i don't even think we are going to get a summer Canada  its going to be Warm then BAM winter -40
It is so freaking hot in this room...  Hopefully a cold front will magically appear.
It is so hot here. I miss the cool weather of Washington. 
It is so hot in my bedroom. I want to open my window but then all the flies will come in  aaaaaarrrgghhh
It is so hot in my room that i have to sleep down stairs and my family just so happens to be watching a war movie downstairs 
it is so hot n sunny ere in the lakes district n  mum is makin us go walkin in it 
It is so hot that I don't even want to lay out... 
it is so HOT!! 
It is SO NICE outside today! I can't wait to go to a park with my family! Just hope nobody calls me from work (I am on call this weekend) 
It is so rainy and cold and I got soaked taking D to his dance class and I miss having a car. 
It is so warm tonight i'm gonna have to take another shower when i get up 
It is soo gosh darn hot in my freakin' room and i am soo bored! 
It is soo mean how people keep on leaking all time low's album's :| it happened to so wrong, its right too. I feels sorry for the band 
It is sooo slow at work! Omg! Looks like I'm eating noodles tonight for dinner. 
It is sooooo HOT!!! 
It is sooooooooooooooooooooooooo.... borring!!!!!! 
it is still not easy to listen to the good miss apple. 
it is storming and I am wondering if we will get to go for our nightly walk 
It is the 3rd day of summer and I have a very sick little girl.  
It is the last night in Indy again...    Again i wish i wasnt leaving .. Want to stay here with pg sissy and meet my nephew and just b ...
it is this process that we are told is broken in Turkish locale - string.Compare(&quot;INSTALL&quot;, &quot;install&quot;, true) != 0 but can't repro 
It is time for a walk and I am dreading it - that mess yesterday has taken the fun out of it. 
It is to early 
it is too beautiful day to stay at library and study 
It is too early to be awake 
It is too early! last Barrowman &amp; Boys concert today 
it is too nice a day to be working 
It is too nice of a day to have to be couped up in a car for hours 
It is UGLY! via @kjarrett: Oh, NO! What have they done? The new design for Internet4Classrooms is TERRIBLE!  http://bit.ly/r2OSA
it is UNREAL that were out! it won't hit till summer is over prolly.  Fuck. Playin ufc may cook some eggs before bed.
it is very hazy over the lake right now, 
it is very hot here and humid. 
it is very lovely outside, but i have no one to share the lovelyness with 
it is very very very hott out.I LOVE IT!going to get ice cream.yum(: p.s. I want my bike back 
it is way passed my bed time I am going to be sleepy in the morning! 
it is way to early to b up already since i'll barely get any sleep tonight 
It is way too early to be up  my arms decided to stay asleep cause they had too much fun at the concert ha. Now for fathers day
it is way tooo hot outside.........  
It is with mixed feelings that I am brown papering my Jacques Lacan and sending it off to an Amazon buyer Finland... BYE BYE JACQUES 
it just a piece of cream...thrs no cake 
It just cost me $45 to fill up my truck!. WTF is up with gas prices? $2.91 a gallon.   
It just cost me nearly 50 bucks to fill up my tank   Patrick Swayze is such a gas guzzler!!!
it just figures that my last week off before I start the new job, it's forecasted to rain every single day   yuck
It just got dark again and I'm about to go outside w/ no jacket or umbrella. This might not end too well... 
It just hit me that I am leaving conti...     boooooooo..
It just hit me....i've got only 4 months more 
It just makes me happy! over and over again! I just wish I wasn't afraid to fly  http://tinyurl.com/64skpp
It just makes me sad 
It just occurred to me that seeing Up by myself... might be a little creepy.. since it's sorta kinda a kids movie 
It just sunk in me that, tomorrow is the last day of highschool, wow 
It just sunk in. Just got dumped 4 d 1st time. Ppl enter ur life 4 either a reason, season or a lifetime. Life goes on 
it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too...I hate storms! wah
It just won't go away   I hate bugs especially big spiderish mosquito ones that like to be by beds where ppl innocently sleep!
it kills me to see you cry 
It kinda sucks not being a high school student anymore...  
It lasts for 8 days. We camp on beaches, and there r NO TOILETS OR SHOWERS!!  It takes about 11 hours to get there.
It looks as though I am sick little friends 
It looks bloody awful  what ever...
It looks busy  i'm so excited for tomorrow - finally a day off.
It looks gorgeous outside and in this gloomy office 
It looks like it might rain on my birthday 
It looks like its about to storm and were going to a bonfire. 
it looks like its going to rain! why does it always rain when I want to go out 
it looks like it's impossible! 
it looks like my bb went to bed sometime during the maintenance period 
It looks like page views are not registering on my blog    Please help by looking at it for me: http://saturdaysails.blogspot.com  THX!
It looks like Russia is transforming more and more into a totalitarian regime based on Christian fanaticism... 
It looks like the apocolypse outside 
It looks like the office TV DOES get MLB Network... and it looks like MLBN will NOT be televising the DET/BAL game today  #wieters
It looks like we won't be moving into @bunki's mom's house after all. It's so far from our jobs that it would be too expensive. Oh well. 
It looks rainy out  i hate it, i wanna go to the beach!! @berrrybear we should go to beaver island soon!!
It looks so gloomy outside. Wish I had someone to cuddle up next to wtih a cup of hot cocoa with extra marshmallows..   
it looks so nice out! it's no fun spending sunny weekend days at work. 
It looks so nice outside. I want to go for a drive or a walk down pallarenda  fish and chip dinner would be awesome
it makes me cry every time I watch 'You saved my life&quot;. 
it makes me really sad that McDonalds doesn't build outside playgrounds any more.  I liked taking the kids at night and sitting outside 
it makes me really sad to see my mom cry  
It makes me sad I don't have internets on my phone. 
it makes me sad no one ever stays awake as late as i do. 
It makes me sad to leave two books in Istanbul. We bought too much stuff and need to make room in our bags. 
It makes me sad to see all the ducks and geese on our streets because that means we put our streets on their habitat 
It makes me sad when ACTUAL GIRLS look like they are in drag 
It makes me sad when Chris is sad    Hope things get better for you Chris. *Hugs*
It makes me sad when i have to leave friend get-togethers early 
it makes me sad when I look at my phone &amp; see my yellow juicy couture cover is sorta stretched  maybe it's time to switch the color.
it makes me sad when I think about all the people I speak to online (a lot, lol) and the fact that I will most likely never meet them IRL 
it makes me sad when i visit the page of a &quot;friend&quot;  (who uses the friends-box) and i don't see myself there 
it makes me sad when people phones are sick 
it makes me very sad and depressed to know my Dad planned to come to Leia's bd party this weekend but will not be there for it. Very sad. 
it makes me want to cry when 2 grown men discuss characters on All My Children. 
it may be mean but I want to wipe all the kids that reside in my neighbor hood out (i wont) but want to they make me not like kids 
It may be sunny now, but the weather does NOT look favorable for tomorrow's @LaunchSquad NY outing to the Mets game 
It may not be until early next week that my AC at my house gets fixed! 
im even more tired now and i got a headache 
Im exchanging text messages with Basilio and the movie is still on,but  I'm really sleepy  I might drift off so, MORNIGHT,Twitterians! xx
I'm excited about my trip, but I hate saying bye to my friends!!!  it sucks. ='&lt;
I'm excited to get to sleep in tomorrow. I dont have to be at church until second service. I'm missing my sunday party kids already. 
I'm excited! I heard my cousin is going to have her first baby tonight...I so wish I could b home with her 
I'm exhausted and about to take a sleeping pill... 
I'm exhausted and I don't feel good.  I can't handle another bout of the 'flu, please go away!! 
I'm exhausted and I hate Harry Potter.
I'm exhausted and my feet hurt 
im exhausted frm being in the sun all day but i cnt sleep w/out my love @AblazeDArchitek 
I'm exhausted, I don't feel like myself, and I'm FREEZING! I think I'm getting sick 
im exhausted, I want a green apple sno bubble w/extra boba and my cd was stolen at work so I want the new jarvis cocker cd. screw you all 
I'm EXHAUSTED. Disneyland isn't all fun and magic after all. 
im exhausted. the one night I finally get to sleep at a reasonable hour, and I can't fall asleeep. wtf is up with that 
im experiencing stiff neck. huhu ! it really hurts 
I'm extremely disappointed all around. Fuck summer.  I haven't done anything I wanted to do.
im extremely sad that egypt beat italy 
I'm extremely tired and want muddy buddies 
I'm extrememly lonely right now! Everyone is out and I'm stuck here doing Maths revision...against my will! Boo! 
I'm fading away from people, soon it will be like we never met. I hate that. 
I'm failing at PHP right now 
I'm falling apart! I have a broken toe, a bruise the size of a grapefruit on my right arm, a pulled muscle in my left, &amp; Im breaking out! 
im falling asleep in class 
I'm falling asleep in my office... Is it coffee time? Is it nap time? Is it oboe reed time? I think I want a nap the most. Too bad 
I'm falling asleep on the counter. Literally. Resting my head on my arms and pretty close to sleeping. It's so BORIIIING. 
I'm famished &amp; the pantry is empty. Corned beef and rice?!! BLEK 
I'm fasting for my blood test.  Normally I'd be thinking my post breakfast snack by then.  
i'm fed up of being stuck in the house doing work... might go for a bit of a walk ...  then much more work 
im feeeling like crapp... 
I'm feel so tired uh 
I'm feelin OK  Thnx Sis &lt;3 I did forget my freezer packs tho  Fools who follow so they can make biz offer = BLOCK em!!!! =oP
Im feelin sickly today....belly is talking too much 
im feelin this swag surfin song...the regular one and the remix...it reminds me of miami 
i'm feelin tired and its only 7pm  lord have mercy on my sleepy ass
I'm feeling a bit iffy tonight so I'm off to bed in preparation for another busy week 
I'm feeling a bit sad as i have just agreed to sell my sierra 
i'm feeling a bit sick  i hope i feel better before 1 PM when i have to get up and get ready for work.
im feeling a bit worse as the day goes on  
i'm feeling a little down  i feel like everything i'm chasing is so far away
Im feeling a little salty...I allowed my Jetblue credit to expire 
I'm feeling bad today 
I'm feeling crappy. Or is that crampy?  GREEN!
i'm feeling doubtful. what if. 
I'm feeling down in the dumps  Lord I need you. Not asking for things...Just FAVOR!!
im feeling down... well tweet with me or mssg ill be on later..if i dnt do anything stupid right now 
i'm feeling ill  i hate hospitals! &amp; im freezing! 
I'm feeling ill - too dizzy to concentrate on revision. 
im feeling melancholy again.... 
I'm feeling nauseous. 
I'm feeling neglected 
i'm feeling not so good xD my stomach is hurting 
i'm feeling overwhelmed, english coursework and TOO much revision. 
I'm feeling poorly  x
I'm feeling pretty annoyed with the world at the mo... I was robbed of my beautiful pretty bike... 
i'm feeling really sick today 
Im feeling REALLY sick..i hope i feel okay on sunday  !!!
i'm feeling sad  now i've got my graduation and wont see the nice people from my class soon again.sry for bad eng.!greetings from germany
I'm feeling sick about missing day two! 
I'm feeling sick to my stomach. omg, I'm gonna lose it today 
I'm feeling slightly flu-ish. But everyday is like a self-home quarantine for me anyway. 
I'm feeling slightly irritated, today... and for no reason 
I'm feeling slightly uninspired today... where's @DertyDen...where my homie @BYONEST?!?  
im feeling so ALONE!!! ugh 
im feeling so ill today this is 3rd day of feeling ill 
I'm feeling so left out.   
im feeling so lonely.... 
I'm feeling sooo sick and i'm so stressed about exams tomorrow  !!!
I'm feeling terrible!   Worse then yesterday
I'm feeling terribly ill. runny nose, headache, sneezing 
Im feeling the urge for another doze waffle.. Im tierd.. Not mutch sleep again 
I'm feeling tired and lazy this morning.  that's what happens when the hubs comes to bed at 3:30am and wakes me up, grrrrr
im feeling totally stoked but totally tired 
I'm feeling uncertain right now. 
Im feeling under the weather  ... Took some medicine, lets see if that'll work.
I'm feeling under the weather today.  
I'm feeling unloved @TheFreshManX 
I'm feeling very depressed and discouraged about my Etsy shop today  (via @theholybead) How come? What's up?
I'm feeling very down 
I'm feeling very overwhelmed right now. 
i'm feeling very sad today 
im feeling very sick, ugh 
I'm feeling very suffocated by work and school. If I didn't need to, I wouldn't be working right now  School is more important hands down
I'm feeling very tranny tonight  UGH! Is it sad I don't wanna come out as a boy?  Haha
I'm feelng hormonal and agitated.... Sometimes I hate being a girl... 
I'm felling sad. My sis is going back to LA. I miss her already 
I'm fena tear up this Chipotle Chicken Panini! Mmm mmmm...can't wait! I'm such a lazy bum today I don't feel like doing nothing 
Im fighting my sleep....must finish drawings for my art final 
I'm fighting sleep! don't want to work tomorrow but have no choice.... 
I'm fighting with my twitter-profile 
I'm fighting with time.. fighting with time.. fighting with time 
Im finally at the gift shop!  but its closed 
I'm finally back home...GOOD news is my AC is out &amp; it's like 90 degrees in the house! I'm gonna get another hotel room now that I'm here 
I'm finally getting up. Have to do housework today..  Anyone care to help?
I'm finally home !!! Home to a useless modem  ugh. How nice. No internet lol. Oh well I'm glad to be home. I'm tired. Early day tomorrow !
I'm finally home and so tired :/ plus i have a sun burn it hurts so much  oh well
I'm finally home with my turkey ! Hmmm now what 2 do with it there's NO room in my freezer 4 it  http://myloc.me/29iP
Im finally off babysittingg dutyy &amp; I actually have nuthn to do im bored.... wen i babysit theres always sumthn interestin 
I'm finally on here again because Dave is making me.  
I'm finally on the coach home from Download Festival, It was meant to leave at 11.45 &amp; it's only just going now! I wont be home for ages 
I'm finally typing up my tapescript 
I'm finding deer ticks all over my bed!! ARGH. my stupid dog keeps bringing them in 
I'm finding disappointment is now part of my daily routine, especially when ordering expensive shit online.   
im finding food before i turn nasty 
I'm finished 3rd year. Moving onto 4th year on Monday. It's soooo scary. This time next year I will be finished my standard grade exams 
I'm finished with seasons 1 through 4 of Six Feet Under. I love it so much! One season left. only12 episodes. 
Im FL, bout to go to bed...looking forward to lounging bythe pool all day tomorrow. Missin my baby... 
i'm flying allegiant to my dad's this year..i'm SO not excited. read about it online. i don't want a noisy, dirty, late plane  i'm scared.
I'm Focusing On Just My Friends Today.. This Is Gonna Be Hard To Say GoodBye 
I'm following #liverpooltennis even though they didnâ€™t let me in!  Seems like a great tournament, wish I could be a ball-dog there.
I'm following the news and wish I was there 
Im forced to go to school tomorrow after my father caught me skipping school again!!...school is going to suck tomorrow 
Im forced to stay in this weekend... 
I'm frankly disappointed and offended that there is a blogger writing AGAINST FU Penguin 
im freaken addicted to @ashleytisdale 's new album :O    AMBER WHERE AREEEE YOUUUUUUUUUUU ? @cookiez7469   i miss you 
im freaken exhausted... walked 4 miles!! im super duper duper dark! and i havent eaten. 
im freakin bored right now 
I'm freakin boreddd out, Idk what too doo? Im depressed, agervated, mad/sad/pissed off &amp; TIRED well not really but kinda sorta &amp; FULL lol 
I'm freakin starving!!! I haven't ate since 1pm! Ima die of hunger 
i'm freakin tired and it's only 10am... not a good thing 
i'm freaking at the NO PUBLIC COVERAGE of the live house debate proceedings! #conass --i'm absolutely flabbergasted!! 
IM FREAKING DYING WITHOUT YOU @BELEN_OBANDO!!!!!!  
Im freaking exhausted, yet I don't have time to rest  People, any suggestions how to stop feeling tired other than coffees? O.o
Im freaking out about my chemistry exam i feel like i dont no anything 
i'm freaking out without you tom, please can you reply me? lol you're the one that i love, even when i know that you're not here with me 
I'm freaking out, I can't upload my picture 
i'm freaking starving and the class didnt even start yet. shit, i wanna go eat somethinngg 
I'm freaking tired...and feeling sick 
I'M FREANKING OOOOUT. arrrrrg 
I'm free then yearbook so I feel disappointed that I'm not missing any real classes. 
im freeeezing!  cant wait for london!! (Y)
I'm freezing  if this weather switches up 1 more time...
I'm freezing and tired  imy, I'm giving up on you soon, hopefully..?
im freezing my bum off in sydneys current weather 
I'm FREEZING!!!!! I need a HUG  HALATANG WALNG MAGAWA!!!! Hahaha
Im freezing, why am I cold when its summer? not fair! 
i'm freezing. 
I'm freezing...Mpumalanga is too cold. 
I'm frightened that zombies are going to attack me.  i don't like scary movies.
I'm from Argentina!! I have to wait until thursday! that sucks!! 
I'm from Norway, and it's impossible to obtain it here 
Im frustrated w myself-pushed it too hard w/ new race flats &amp; think I pulled/strained my calf  Please help w remedies/suggestions #running
I'm frustrated.  My passport arrived in massachusetts today at my parents house.. Sucks cuz I wanted to go to montreal tomorrow. 
im fuckd up and i admit it too... wow who could love me 
im fucking Blubbering watching FOB, somehting is wrong with me  ahlkjdfhalkjsd h sorry twit rape.
I'm fucking screwed. I know I don't use this but..... FML. Seriously. 
i'm full of the flu, feeling SOooo sorry for myself  xXx
I'm fully aware now that ill never be happy and fullfilled!!!  P.S. DO NOT TAKE PITY!!!!!
I'M FURIOUS! WONDER WHY SOME KIDS ARE SO HATEFUL @ SUCH AN EARLY AGE?? WONDERING WHAT DA HELL DA PARETNS ARE TEACHING THEM 
I'm gaining weight 
im ganna watch live with regis &amp; kelly for a bit, but kelly isn't there, so i guess im ganna start studying now       ommg soo depressing
Im gauging my ears..and they are sore 
I'm getin' upset.... I want my pic up! 
im gettin a bit desperate...why doesnt twitter take my new pic?! 
I'm gettin hooked up with some guy saturday night, I'm nervous and scared, ugh I'm picky with guys 
I'm gettin old!. Still suffering from a bad hangover. 10 years ago I'd be drunk again by now. Wo is me 
im gettin sick in here, i need to go out somewhereee. i need fresh air huhuhu 
i'm getting 4 shots this week 
i'm getting a car...but i can't drive it home...i won't even see it for 2 months 
I'm getting a cold. I need kleenex balsam tissues and honey and lemon cough medicine 
I'm getting a headache. 
i'm getting a high temperature again. 
im getting a pot belly. 
I'm getting a tan  So far it's not a farmer's tan, though, so that's +1!
I'm getting acquainted with my new Motorola cell phone. It's not user-friendly.   
I'm getting blisters from painting    But I least I get my bed today...now if only Emilyn were here to sleep in it with me...
I'm getting closer and closer to being done with packing everything up!!! My time in Knox is running out...  
im getting depressed  where has all the sun gone? i got woken up at 6am by fucking thunder! my whole house was shaking. i thought it was
Im getting dressed to go to work... Yay! 
im getting fat.....fuck fuck fuck....I can't eat with no limit anymore!!!  
I'm getting happier each moment. I don't know, but there's a sad feeling hiding inside me. 
i'm getting less and less sleep each night 
I'm getting mega man muscles from carrying my big daddy bass around everywhere... 
i'm getting my hair done in 9 hours and i don't know what i want. 
i'm getting my stuff ready for school tomorrow 
I'm getting my uniform ready for work tomorrow - not looking forward to going in - new manager 
im getting nervous and twitchy now, just want exams to be over  i cant take in anymroe infor , i cant get any better
im getting offffffffffffffffffff. i was waiting for @ohHEYkim to get on since i havent talked to her in like a week, but shes not on 
I'm getting older. I've been breaking out in pimples the last few days  I've never had acne problems in my life.
I'm getting pwned by Rhythmic reading exercises in compound meters. 
i'm getting ready for my photo shoot tomorrow. It should be fun. but I'm pretty bored right now 
i'm getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it's raining and i hate this! 
I'm getting ready to get in the shower... Back to school tomorrow. 
I'm getting ready to go down to my best friend Lee's. Also tried to send Amy a message here on Twitter.  Didn't work.  
I'm getting ready to head home. The long weekend is nearly over 
I'm getting really frustrated cause my hands are too small for my guitar. 
I'm getting really nervous for the incoming school year. 
I'm getting REALLY pissed @ twitter! I'm trying 2 change my profile pic and it's not letting me! Ready 2 fight! 
I'm getting really sick of this headache 
I'm getting scared about not having the money for skool 
i'm getting sick  i blame amy for this.
im getting sick  i guess im gonna have to find some chicken soup and gatorade in Paris ASAP!
im getting sick  my brother and his gf had a stomach virus this past week. i really hope im not next.
I'm getting sick and already have a not so fun sore throat. Perfect timing for the coffee shop gig I will be playing on Friday. 
i'm getting sick i can feel it. 
Im getting sick ya'll  I have a sore throat.
I'm getting sick! I hate allergies!!! I don't have time for this! 
I'm getting sick, got the chills 
I'm getting sleepy. Wish I had time to nap 
i'm getting sleepy.......oh man...Tuesday...arg,first day of school!gonna wake up 4am again.Sigh.7 hours of sleep only! Grrr... 
I'm getting so distracted... GAH! Maybe if I get off of the computer for a second, then come back to finish my paper... UGH! 
I'm getting so old.....I want to be playing flash light tag and kick the can on Larch Lane. 
im getting so sick   this long weekends sucks!
I'm getting tired of this.  Make me happy...
I'm getting too old for this going out thing! 
Im getting used to disappointment 
im getting very annoyed trying to sort out my student loan! why wont it just work for me? 
im getting way into facebook games  im either sad or lonely.
Im giving up ......apparently the cover is done by Taken by Trees !!!! nt from trees nt from there. Sorry 
I'm giving up on the dream of sporting a beard, and having a shave.. *sniff* 
I'm glad AndyF and Terabyte get RC2 in that &quot;pre&quot; test. They found like 30 bugs! Seems were breaking more and more each time 
I'm glad I could make my granddad smile today, now time to go home and get ready for work tomorrow! 
I'm glad i had to ask you to cuddle with me... Only to be turned down. Thanks 
i'm glad i haven't got exams this year ...  but it's my third day of vacations and i'm already bored... i wanna go to the beach 
i'm glad i never took zicam..couldn't imagine losing my sense of smell 
I'm glad it's raining today, it hides my tears 
im glad that every now and then they have to stick a dying baby in on ya. ugh. this is terrible 
I'm glad we hung out with Joe, I didn't realize how much i missed him 
I'm glad ZeeJustin didn't win the 40K event.. Cheating bastard doesn't deserve it.  I was pulling for Raymer though 
im gnna help with the trending topics and say New Moon trailer was bloody awesome  novembers so long away 
im goin 2 bed hopefully the pain in my arm doesnt keep me awake 
I'm goin 2 twitter rehab 
im goin skool to tek this 2 hour exam and cumin straight back cus im ill  seeya in 2 hours! lol
I'm goin to L.A. tomorrow night....have to leave my puppies    I don't how I'm going to deal. BUT I'M GOING TO THE BEACH!!! I will deal!
I'm goin to sleep 
I'm going 2 zzz in my own bed 2nite w/ Rich or the kids  its so hard 2 zzz by yourself when yr used 2 sharing
I'm going back to bed. I feel like complete... poo... 
I'm going back to Cali, have a court room and travel plans, waiting on a Jury selection Tues &quot;Tidal Software aka Cisco subpoena me!&quot; 
im going back to school on monday how boring 
I'm going back to Toledo today 
im going camping!!!!!!!!!!!  help
I'm going crazy headache for over 2 days now 
I'm going down.. 
I'm going for a nap. feeeeeel so sleepy and illl. 
I'm going home 2moro  sad times!but at least can celebrate at the summer ball 2nite!bring on pendulum!
I'm going home and taking a nice warm relaxing bath. My back is killing me. From my shoulders to my tailbone. 
I'm going home early  - http://tweet.sg
I'm going home,wish I could stay in town and enjoy this weather,sadly everyones to busy 
im going now cause everyone is so unsocial 
im going out for a while i will be back in an hour at the caravan again theres nothing to do apart from going to town  Bye xxx
I'm going out now hoho. I miss buibi I hope he stays happy, don't sian! 
I'm going out on my bike again with my Dad.  My legs still hurt from last time 
I'm going out to c wat is going on in this cursed city. will be with u later, &amp; i cant c ur replies. sorry  #iranelection (via @Mirriaam)
I'm going out to look for a purse with my mommy.. I miss that purse  I'M GONNA FIND IT! 
Im going through @bbbbrittany withdrawals. 
I'm going through everything I need to get done before the shoot tomorrow and the worry is keeping me up, can't fall asleep again 
I'm going to a bike trip with my class today      my bike is to small
I'm going to apologize now for the previouse ping, the picture is a bit incorrect 
I'm going to barf soon, I did NOT like that tweet! 
im going to be bored 2nite 
I'm going to be late as usual 
I'm going to be out of town during dyke march &amp; the gay pride parade here in SF 
i'm going to be reading my book all night  so i can be finish with it in the morning.
im going to be really sad if i miss ink n iron... and batmobile 
i'm going to be sick 
I'm going to be so HAPPY come next Tuesday... but for now I'm mad stressed 
im going to be sooo lost without twitter tonight and tomorrow 
I'm going to bed &amp; I'm still depressed. Even more then before. 
im going to bed and i dont feel so good 
I'm going to bed and try to get some sleep. I'm tired but my body is still really wired. 
I'm going to bed because I'm so damn tired 
I'm going to bed early today...I need it.  Stressed about vacation days for the cruise 
im going to bed i did absoulutley zero studying so im basically going to fail my 1st exam... 
Im going to bed misserable   
I'm going to bed now alone..  ..  Wanting my baby next to me..
I'm going to bed now, school tomorrow 
i'm going to bed now. mum denies hating me. i know it's true. 
I'm going to bed now. My puppy won't sleep though!! Ahhhhhhh 
I'm going to bed right noww. It's so late and I have wake up so earlyy blah 
im Going to bed!  Dont feel 100% that great right now 
Im going to bed, but i probably wont fall asleep until 2 lol....   I'm so fucked for waking up tomorrow 
I'm going to bed, sorry @iPidge, i was suppose to come on msn 
im going to bed.  gota be up at half7. stupid re exam x
I'm going to bed. I don't want to leave tomorrow 
I'm going to bed. No closure, just the emptiness of the unknown and what if. Hopefully I'll wake up in the morning and just not care 
I'm going to bed. Sans my kitty. 
I'm going to bed... at 9.... wow that is a first in a really long time. 
I'm going to bed... finally. Have six days to make my Arabic decent again. I'll probably vanish for a while 
I'm going to bed... work at 7am!   NIGHT twitter bugs!
I'm going to blow ticketmaster up. I had 8th row tickets for @taylorswift13 and ticketmaster messed up. Just like my life.  im sad
I'm going to breakfast to drink soup? 
I'm going to buy a Bump-It. I can't do it myself... 
I'm going to buy an icecream with Velria    when we will come back, we will continue to study 
im going to church.brb soon. 
im going to clean my room and its gna take me all day. no its not that messy/dirty im jus gna rearrange things. lke takin down posters 
im going to close my curtains jump into my hoodie and listening to Rob Thomas before I have to go to work... I want to loose myself again 
Im going to cry. I just found out i cant go to hey menday.  why does the stupid france bbq have to be that day? 
I'm going to cry. My arm hurts 
I'm going to cry. Susan Boyle deserved to win. Susan Boyle deserved to sing for the queen. I am not happpppY!!!! 
i'm going to cry;; jon and kate 
I'm going to die here!, I'm sooo starving, my mom already ordered the chinese food but it didn't got here yet 
I'm going to die. 
I'm going to dieeeeeee tomorrow. First physics test. 
I'm going to do a total make over here! So mad that NONE of my friends join me on twitter! I don't care anymore!!! Bleh 
i'm going to driving lessons very soon..Bah i don't wanted 
I'm going to EDC on Saturday! Friday is promised to someone/thing else..  YAY SATURDAY  Hope to see some of you there!!!    !!!
i'm going to fail my classes 
I'm going to feel rather lonely this week. 
I'm going to finish Full House season 8 today... 
im going to france tomoz and im kinda scared 
I'm going to get a Plurk.  I'm going to burn the midnight oil today too. 
Im going to get soaked when i go out - ive only just washed my hair  too 
I'm going to give him space. If he wants to talk then he will call me or txt me. I am so insecure at the moment. Is he tired of me?  
im going to give the worst rollo ever 
I'm going to give up... 
I'M GOING TO GO CRAZY. I cannot live with my OK button malfunctioning 
I'm going to go lay down and be sad now 
im going to go off this for a while maby then i wil feel better  LoveYou All &quot;Peaceeee&quot; [; x   x
im going to have a lazy day. was going to go to the hoppings but its raining  going on rides in the rain freaks me out lol
I'm going to have the worst tan line of my life.  Ps @MiloKam is still a douche in our books!  Watch it!
I'm going to have to cancel this iPhone sync - backup is taking literally forever 
I'm going to have to drop money on a laptop cooler  I got a really bad burn on my leg last night because it got superheated. Ugh.
i'm going to have to miss some of jon &amp; kate plus 8 to finish the essays. 
in so much pain  sigh.. need some comfort.  And the worst part about it all is I can't eat :'( Lord make it go away
In so much pain from my shoulder 
In so much pain woke me up and cannot fall back asleep 
In so much pain. Couldn't take my babies to chuckie cheese 
In so much pain....hoping if goes away before work 
in so much painnnnn. stupid cramps 
IN SOCIAL WATCHING FOREST GUMP! Ughhhhhhhhh I wanna go home! IM MIISSING JONAS DAY ON DISNEY CHANNEL 
in socials, doing nothing, wanting to nap 
in sociology class. Not cool ... after having such a tiring day. 
In some pain. But not the &quot;oh so good&quot; kind. 
in some serious need to kill something right about now...  stressed the f*** out.   -- finishing linux work
in some serious pain       and starving      and tired        so not great really....
In soooo much pain. Everything hurts 
in sooooo much pain-my toe nail ripped off 
In space no one can hear me tweet 
in space. watching underbelly on a RECLINER motherfucker.  i got done speeding tonight.. 
in spanish class hella bored 
In starbucks hiding from the pouring rain when I got no umbrella or jacket  ha x
In starbucks. Damn the wifi doesn't work. 
In Stockton. Uncle passed last night. RIP 
in study with luke and marc 
In stupid business  man there is so much that i hate about this class
In subway. Unvoluntarily close to other ppl. I miss my car 
In such a sad state of mind 
In summer classes WTF  so tired from a wild night last night
In summer school. Not in a good mood right now 
In Swedish class and having an upset stomach 
in Sydney working away.. weather is bad 
In tacoma. The weather sucks. Was supposed to go to wild waves 
In target and i dont see @jonvictorino 
in tears - my bestest mate ever zippy ( really cool sweet funny guy ) has moved to spain without telling anyone     i miss you so much x
In Tenille house JEALOUS AS SHIT... her bedroom is bigger then mine!!! 
in terrible need of a pedicure... 
in texas. might be goin home tuesday. gettin another tooth pulled for my braces. imissyou 
In textiles . . . . Im just not creative 
In tha car vyben ta mi musiq. Fne on 2 and no charger  left it n other car. On my way to my dhude bizarrres party! Ayoo
In the 30+ years I have been doing this, I have never gotten any better at rejection. 
In the 52nd Precint..FUCK! I hate Cops yo..waiting for my mommy 
In the airport and leaving LA- sad and pouting 
In the airport in Greece awaiting my flight home  had an amazing holiday...could have stayed another week!
In the airport to go home. Not happy to leave Morgan 
in the army... for another week.. 
in the bath whyy do I have to do English 
in the bus .. going to school 
In the bus on my way to the fucking library, wanna have vacation damn  http://mypict.me/5yA6
In the cab back to the lover's place all alone. A dull ache in the heart.  - http://tweet.sg
in the cab w/ blacks 
in the car about to embark on the 16 hour trip in a car to florida.. 
in the car eating sour patch kids. rain rain go away 
in the car stuck in traffic, once again 
In the car with my dad. I'm using his phone to tweet! Why is it so traffic! 
In the city 
In the city again 
in the classs science jimena alcazar 
in the common room with matt. english lit pre release woo! haha its a beast 
in the computer for speech til like 12'oclock.. 
in the computer room all day  at sum stage it gets boring :L:L!!! rain  yuck! i love my class  the boys make me laugh 2 much
In the corner 
in the crib listening 2 my i pod &amp; playin sudoku.. some friday 
in the CY....SORE. soresoresore.  argh. Also, leaving at the end of the MONTH!
In the dentist office 
In the dentist!!! I hate people digging in my mouth!!!  it's so uncomfortable!!!
in the doctor !! i'm scared !!! 
In the doctor's chair having some minor toe surgery.  3 more PAINFULL shots.  
In the doctors room.... Please hope this goes fast. I hate the doctors 
In the doghouse 
In the fiekd for two days... 
in the final stages of a new and improved related widgets query. didn't think it would take me so long to strip a sub-query... 
In the flippin ER wit my baby 
In the forum, feelin very unhappy coz i didnt get the job at the cinema. 
In the funkiest mood 
In the garden, learning lines... Scorching day! No more Welsh Col plays   great party last night though.
In the garden, writing reports... looks like it might rain though 
in the gym before taking the Mrs shopping 
In the heat of the debate I challenged an office worker to run the staircase.. Too bad I asked *afterwards* how many floors there are: 19 
In the Hongkong International Airport. Has to wait for 3-4 hours for our next flight to Cebu. 
In the hospital  Fuck, I'm scared!
In the hospital visiting my cuzzo 
In the hotel - heading to bed soon. Really early morning tomorrow 
in the hotel room .. english people piss me off  shopping is going great though.. A&amp;F and tiffanys tomorrow!! 
In the house now .. I feel like I have been drinking for hours and I haven't had alcohol in about 3 weeks . Sick as a fuckin dog . 
In the labs when I want to be out in the sun 
In the laundrette. I have too many clothes. Depressing thing is I have to iron 2 dozen t-shirts later 
In the lecture hall waiting for my turn to present. 
in the libary 2day! got loads of work to do 
In the library 
In the library again *sigh* aircraft structures is just like civil except everything is moving 
in the library doing my disertation 
in the library on a Sunday morning  got a lot to do today- reading and writing for a 3000 word essay to be printed before 9pm! Doable?
In the library, bored. Wish peeps would stop making so much noise. I don't need to know about your housemate's hygiene issues 
in the library, revising! Not sure what i though about the end of lost?! 24 tonight, then the end of prison break tomorrow  (@MikeyFire)
In the lunch room, manager is talking racist jokes about the asian cleaners. 
in the mall getting ready to take pictures in a mall 
in the mean time.......off to work I go 
in the meantime my other roommate has gone on vacation to victoria  so ronery
in the middle of watching Baby Mama for the first time, but Jake had to go to a car vs motorcycle ax  
in the middle of work hell - going to spend the weekend in a locked room on my own and fast 
In the midst of a severe hay fever attack right now.   
In the mood for making music. I miss my guitar to the point of tears. 
in the mood for some food.  i don't have money 
in the mood for spagetti or easy mac but i finished that yesterday  I WANT POPCORN!!!!!
in the mood of going out....but i cant cause i dont have anybody to go with..  jajajajaja.....i'll just go to sleep early...good night..
In the Munich Airport. Very classy first class lounge for Lufthansa (no, we're not flying FC). The keg of Franziskaner seems to be dead 
In the my sister's car ! I'm returning home  i had a great walk with my friends!
In the naughty corner 
in the office, enjoying some a/c ... wishing I had made time to get some breakfast 
in the office... hayfever is attacking my face! 
in the office... outside 25 degrees.. 
in the park with the guys,  tis not the same without jp.
in the past decade that we've lived here, this is the first year that ticks have pretty bad. very strange... and very gross i might add. 
In the past month I've spent $100 on eating out. That bums me out so much 
in the process of deleting useless crud off of this old computer... geez i hate XP... 
In the process of retesting my proxy list I will repost only currently WORKING proxys they are going down fast.  #iranelection #iranproxy
in the process of selling my favorite thing of all time--my macbook pro.  
in the room, doing my homework 
In the sprint store 
In the States, Back from Israel  . I seriously miss it already.
In the summer holidays in Denmark...	 I would prefer in the sun 
In the theater parking lot, a car rolled backwards out of its spot and hit another car!!! 
In the Tiffany's store.. They r lucky I don't have the money 2day 
in the train again... direction Paris... ce soir a Rennes. Le week-end est fini 
In the TSA line. 
in the tuenti,Hoping that something happens in this boring evening.... 
in the university, in the classroom, on the computer... shit my day is boring 
In the village inn waiting for my food. so hungry 
In the waiting room at the dr office.... Feeling so shitty. 
In the wardrobe! No... 
In the wonderful world of Structures...Tuesday exam and it's the most difficult of all. So this weekend I'll have to study a lot. 
In the words of Imogen Heap........... Is that your final answer? 
in this case. im taylor.....now im thinking about joe 
In this court room waiting to testify and I might be here all day 
In total need of a get away.. maybe Wildwood???.. or just a day at Raceway? .. bahhh rainy day 
In town now. Car at garage getting new tires. They're expensive 
In town shopping, roasting hot and keeping in the shade!! Sorry just can't tollerate the heat 
in town. still haven't managed to get new shoes or jeans 
In traffic  on my way to oc !
In traffic going to the Phillies game. I hate traffic 
In traffic heading to SF.  
In traffic in Orange County. Stupid 5. 
In training 
in training till 4 
In Treptow... mh sms mag 
In trouble for being late for work  i got all red traffic lights!
in turn, i cant go  
In Uni...bored  leave for America in 4 days!
In unrelated news, I'm super sad I'm not at OSB right now  #osb09
In VA beach!!! Tired ... Wanna cuddle n watch a movie w my babe 
In vancouver waiting for the ferry getting the 9 oclock i hate waiting 
In vegas for animal collective at the house of blues.  no cameras allowed 
In Vegas, not able to sleep because of this creepy room. I have to look sexy at 9 am with no sleep.  I'm scared!!!!! Boooooo
In venice italy, heading to the airport, time to go home 
@kayyx I apologize for yelling i'm just totes j 
@Kaz_Fox ( lï¿½m th? nï¿½o bï¿½y h  1 thï¿½ng n?a m?i v? ?c ( bï¿½ ch?u khï¿½ ?i ch?i v?i ï¿½ng giï¿½ v?i c? lan t?m ?i  tï¿½i v? l?i ??n tï¿½i ng? :d
@kaza86 ha ha ha ha well you not here to cook  what am i supposed to do 
@Kazcita ... no idea when I can return home and charge my phone, now at 10% - it's dyyyyying 
@Kazcita benediction was good.  Much easier to cope with.  Arm is a mess after mass though 
@kazdreamer Oh, &quot;Chivalry&quot; was fantastic! And I thought &quot;The Price&quot; was really sad, with the black kitty. 
@kazeemmusic Oh no! Another Laker fan 
@KazeYuusha HuH N0 i D0NT MEMBER 0H N MyK DiD  iDK WAT HAPPENED HE JuST ST0PPED TALKiN T0 ME :'(
@kazfoxxy - time of month hun &amp; I don't mean payday! Feel really bad, hate feeling like this, just wanna cry 
@kazitoshi last night someone made me angry, and it hasn't gone away.  and walau, i never stalk you! lol. ;)
@kazitoshi Yes. Search results were not good. 
@kazmilovexo r u tlkin bout me bout ur real friends, cuz iwasnt being mean! If uthought iwas sry but ithought u were mad at me 
@KazooCarrieFan I know! I can't go either...it's sad  She needs to come back to MI asap, haha
@Kazooey13 don't pity me.... il die if i have to go study hall 
@kazwccsocialnet if thats the case, It will take till today evening to get online,.. 
@kazwheeler Maybe that is why @CHRISDJMOYLES  isn't replying. Would be a shame if it is true though, he is good. 
I'm going to have to reinstall WoW  It is broken... again...
I'm going to hit 6000 updates soon. How on earth. I am a Twitter addict 
i'm going to lay down and think about THE PLAN.. he said that he does want to talk to me for a week.. what does that mean? 
im going to lose followers by doing this  but i have no one to tweet to! lol
I'm going to make my decision about my contributions in !fedora !linux. unfair situation 
I'm going to Malaysia on Monday! I think  I wannaaa goo   My mum is still not back yet. Tsktsk.
I'm going to miss @alhakeem. 2 weeks, 2 weeks, 2 weeks, 2 weekssss! 
I'm going to miss being in high school. 
I'm going to miss Brock this week  At least the Bachelorette starts tomorrow!!!! YAYYYY!!!!!!
I'm going to miss Burning Man so much this year   maybe I'll go to Soulstance.  Has anyone else gone to that?  Is it awesome?
im going to miss california 
I'm going to miss Caro so much. I wish she could've visited Chicago first 
I'm going to miss Casey 
I'm going to miss dance.  I will miss everyone who is graduating. Hope you guys have fun elsewhere
i'm going to miss david tennant SO MUCH when he finishes up on doctor who 
im going to miss everyone sooo much 
I'm going to miss him soo mcuh 
I'm going to miss Janers so much 
I'm going to miss jp case so much 
I'm going to miss LP 
I'm going to miss moulin cafe breakfast when I move 
I'm going to miss my @justinghattas so much while he's in China 
I'm going to miss my apartment 
I'm going to miss my apartment. So many good times 
I'm going to miss my babe this weekend.. 
I'm going to miss my babe. He is traveling tmrw for a couple days with his business. Gotta get dat $$ though 
I'm going to miss my best friend  a whole month with no sherlock!!! What does wtason do w/out sherlock?!?  sadness
I'M GOING TO MISS MY CA GEOIMAGE MCSTEAMY! 
I'm going to miss my dog so fucking much! 
I'm going to miss my Family 
I'm going to miss my friends so much cuz I'm going to be away for like 3 quarters of the summer 
It may not be until early next week until my AC at my house gets fixed! 
It might be nice if I wait for a pause in the vid chat. Me=dork. In other news...Jeckle flew off early this morning due to neighbor dogs. 
it might be sunny today, but alas, new product must make it to Etsy! 
It might be time to give up on the Braves this season and start looking to the next season 
It might be time to update my &quot;Favorite TV Shows&quot; on Facebook now that half of them are now canceled.   
It might rain no more sunshine 
it might take a while to get use to this whole situation  Oh oh and it didn't rain once today haha. HOOOORay!
it' monday again! 
it must be you me at six, coz its just let me dl lady ga ga 
It must really suck to be Longs/CVS on Lakeshore. They never have what u want and there's a Wallgreens right behind it 
it needs to be sunny out and alot hotter outside i mean it's the middle of june we shouldnt be wearing north faces or jeans 
It needs to rain 
it needs to stop raining! 
it needs to stop raining. its summer 
it needs Xcode in order to work appropiate... 
It never fails. . . .as soon as I clean something, Ginger will throw up on it. 
It not even late  i was out till two with you! Why would it change?
It occurred to me today that people live their lives according to some rules that aren't their own... &amp; they don't know it 
It official, I have strep throat 
It officialy not @jackalltimelow 's b-day  Mayne I was having fun!
it only gets worse 
It only goes down from here the days just get shorter and shorter 
It only kicked in now that i'm not graduating this year and everyone else is.  I should be, but i didnt follow up on what i needed to.
It only rains twice a year in Egypt 
It only tapes me a moment to take me back to that.. This was that moment 
It pays to look good, just got hooked up w/ a rental yay! But sad Face I wont have it on my BDAY(Tues)  Dammit
It poked me..... 
it probably wouldve helped if i had actually turned my alarm on last night....hmm  
It rained just enough to make today suck even more   fucking thunderstorm you pos weather
it rained last night  i don't like this june gloom, where is my summer?
It rained last night so I didn't get to take my baby to the carnival 
it rained so hard again when I left the house then halfway to school the sun was up. My car's gonna look dirttttyyyyy 
It rained today  More like a mini storm, Went to town with @CullenFanChloe, Now watching Twighlight.
it rained yesterday so it was nice n cool... now it's getting hot again 
In Virginia! I forgot the sandwiches I made for the roadtrip at home. 
In VT, missing my hubby 
in wexford agen yay it was my bday yesterday and no one wished me happy bday ion here 
In winter, it's never the cold, but the wind. In the summer, it's never the heat, but the humidity. 
in wiston salem great grandma just died     went to her funeral today so sad    i miss her so much lovely lady LOL i still have humor!
in work 
In work  - ah well it pays the bills
In work early 
In work! How nice is it outside? So Lovley! Can't even go sit outside, i'm burnt and don't want to make it worse  x
in work, good times 
In work, ridiculously tired though, no appetite and lucozade isn't helping 
In work, shattered! Didn't sleep again last night as the bedroom was about 9,000 degrees 
In work, working on project plans and PRDs 
in work.  left C behind with no babysitter 
in work. chief subbing tonight. got a clipboard and everything...u forgotten me today!!  x
in Year One Jack Black literally eats poop and Michael Cera pisses in his mouth *sigh*   If you laughed at that you'll like it, if not, no
in zombie mode today, kids are ill and kept me up till 2.30am . Up for work at 6am 
In.So.Much.Pain 
I'm going to miss my humanities class. 
I'm going to miss Nintendo's #E3 press conference... have to go out again... 
I'm going to miss our SFO lobby ambassador.  Boo.
I'm going to miss the &quot;it's the tonight show with jay leno! Featuring kevin eubanks&amp;the tonight show band!&amp; I'm john melendez!&quot; opening 
im going to miss the big bang theory!!!!!!  &lt;3
I'm going to miss the hills 
I'm going to miss the quick's coffee this summer. 
I'm going to miss this so much  #asot400
I'm going to miss watching TV while driving. 
I'm going to miss working and talking about random crazy nerdy shit at work with some pretty chill people 
i'm going to miss you abraham 
I'm going to miss you guyss sooo muccchhhh!!!! Keep singing!  and as for 'A' class, we see you next month! Love you guys!
Im going to m-i-s-s-i-s-s-p-p-i 
i'm going to my father's house to get the only thing he left me after his death - an oil painting 
i'm going to need a new pair of hands by the end of preliminary - geez this homework and essays will be the death of me!  save me!
I'm going to need more than a plate of armor to survive todays attacks. I wish @marniemarr could save me 
I'm going to need some heavy fucking medication for this pain to go away... 
I'm going to need to quit.. in order to get fit  (accidental rhyme)
I'm going to pick someone up at Steve Aoki's house 
Im going to play Swat4 now, Good bye twitter... I Will Miss you baby  Meet up again in about 2 hours?
I'm going to postpone the english assignment .. AGAIN 
I'm going to read and then attempt to sleep. I really, truly hate storms. 
i'm going to revise again  exams i hate that !
I'm going to run away from home... I'm planing my escape now! Can't wait to try it! (third atempt)  for some reason I always get cought 
im going to school to day ...  we have to walk to a church.... I MISS ERYN!!!!
i'm going to school...  !! i hate miley cyrus
I'm going to see HangOver tonight, but i'd rather see transformers. 
inbox 1k  clean up needed
Incase you couldn't tell, my house was robbed 2 weeks ago. I miss my computer. 
incomplete. at home on friday night 
increasd heart rate, headache,i kip feelin rily cold &amp;hot at d same time.  -I HAVE A FEVER.. 
Increasingly annoyed with daycare providers. 
Increasingly disturbing news and video coming from Iran: http://bit.ly/3x210o  Hard to tell what's completely true but I'm sure it's bad. 
Incredibilly annoyed at a twitterer...(@SupaChiinga) for constantly bitching about me on twitter 
Incredible photos of the Jesusita Fire in Santa Barbara, CA. My hometown for seven years on fire  http://tinyurl.com/jesusitafiresb
Incredible! 8pm still 33Âº C... Media Center is frying  and Hyer-V Server is melting 
India is out of World Cup T20 Cricket 
india is out of worldcup  final between srilanka and pakistan .. i hope srilanka wins... waiting for d game..
India knocked out of t20 worldcup.  On Paper, they still are the best team.
India lost it again  I need not be disappointed as i knew dis will happen..But cnt hlp being so as itz my Country..!
India lost the match on Tuesday. 
India out of T20 , so whose to blame M S Dhoni ? Or the entire set of BCCI guys ? Shame Shame 
INDIA out of the T-20 word cup..... 
India second in human trafficking!  http://bit.ly/HEhVt via @addthis
india was ruled out of twenty twenty world cup ? bad news , thought they had all the way to the final 
it raining cats and dogs now... sigh! how to go back!!!  http://ff.im/-2SDEE
It rains  my friends are so crayzy the are playing now outdoor 
It rains in germany ! Small break  Perhaps a loose run- training.
it Raning outt  
It really bugs me when I can't floss 
it really does go fast 
It really does hun. I may not even get on the internet 
it really just got crazy  smh 
It really sucks being sick  Missing out on practice for @casoo's debut dance  And I was really looking forward to it..
It really sucks to be almost completely alone 
It really sucks to see a kid come out with the worst of each of their attractive parents bad features. Such a genetic short falling 
it really upsets me when i see kute gay guys  y y y y????
it reminds me of Joe. 
It s a boring day 
It saddens me that one of my best profs is also one of the worst ...due to him not marking anything or confirming what is on the exam 
It scares me a little that ive never had to deal with death.... 
it scares me to think surgery didn't help  I want to cry now.
it seem like u don`t love me 
it seems @mikeyway is missing the #mikeywayday! 
It seems as if it's bedtime for me. Why do I feel so horrible about it? 
It seems as though I have pinched a nerve in my neck. pretty much incapcitated, so much to do this weekend 
It seems I aint doing anything fun this summer 
It seems I am the only one from Statesboro going to Tybee  I don't know how to get to Tybee....
it seems i have a little case of kitty dandruff 
It seems ive forgotten how to sleep 
I'm going to shut up forever!   
I'm going to sleep. Migraines need to stop 
I'm going to sleep... Need to get up and study tomorrow 
I'm going to spend sometime with my OH before he leaves me alone for a week 
I'm going to Sprint to hopefully get a new phone. @estrellaxstarr I see you called, but every time I try to text or call, it shuts off! 
I'm going to stop complaining about Terminator now &amp; go back to reading, but I am seriously disappointed in the way the series is headed 
im going to stop twittering 
i'm going to summer jam! and flo rida; jesse mccartney; 3OH!3 and more are perfroming! I'm so excited!  yay except i'm running late. 
India, Bangladesh, Australia, New Zealand &amp; England all are out of T-20 Cricket World Cup now! So sad  South Africa, West Indies, Sri ...
Indian gov to bail out AIR INDIA  http://tinyurl.com/npmurb NOOOOO let them fail TERRIBLE service 
Indian govt. orgs are totally unpredictable...wen all set to go, de rspnded to our query after 6 mnths...nw need to review its comments 
Indie ppl in New York City are so nice compared to in Boston 
Indigestion all week. I never even used to know what that was! Officially old. 
indigestion. how? 
Indonesia open 2009. China's good 
Indulgence! :-D Runners knees now! 
iNeed someonne to update me on The Real World cuz iDont qot MTV! 
inequalities BORE me. 
Infamous should have arrived today. But it didn't... 
Infants in beauty pageants...that is just wrong!!!....And so sad! 
Infected Mushroom - Saturday 07/04/09 at 9:30 PM - Commodore Ballroom - Vancouver, BC - 19+ ...i hate being under age 
Infected Mushroom - Saturday 07/04/09 at 9:30 PM -Commodore Ballroom - Vancouver, BC - 19+ ...i hate being under age 
infelizzzzmente, no alcool nesse fds  
Influenza A H1N1 is in the Philippines.  NOOOOOOO.
ing fame really fast. 
Initial Ghostbusters thoughts: Voice Acting - Awesome, Gameplay - Gears of Fishing, Models/Textures - Good lookin'...Animation - ugly 
Injected pudge then let her &amp; max play in the &quot;garden&quot;. She's increasingly frail. I don't know if she'll make it home. Geriatric kitten  
injection 2moz 
injured my hamstring in soccer gonna be out for couple of weeks  that means no tennis AND soccer but gonna try and play tennis 2moz though
Injured my pointing finger on my left hand while taking a catch at the slips, I dropped the catch as well  now back to saloon with injury
Injured protests confirmed to being removed from hospitals and taken away. ...awful news if true  SOBs stop @ nothing (via @bobomjon)
Injuries should not happen to amazing people! Poor Pendlessssssssss    
Injury kept me off a favorite hike last weekend.  A friend posted pictures: http://bit.ly/HzqPD  They didn't make me feel better 
inn my ownn worldddd whooop i wanna join a street dancingg crewww  insipred to be a dancer or a photopgraher or be in the 2012 olypics
Insane - the &quot;feels like&quot; temperature is 140 degrees different in just 4 months. (-40 in February, 100 now)- Actual temp 90, 58% humidity 
insane betty no concert on saturday  phillip has sprained his wrist
Insanejournal should at least make its character limit to 6,000 all this cutting is annoying me. 
insanely bored right now 
insanely busy day ahead, loads and loaaaads of work plus huge files to upload which means no streaming tvcatchup.com while i work  boo!
insanely itchy feet today, and insane tummy cramps too  off for a driving lesson now
Insanely screwed for history on monday 
insanelymac.com slow for anyone else? been trying to load a single page for an hour 
Insecure and unloved. Friendship is hard, especially after nine years. I want to cry 
insecurities i hate.. 
InshaAllah gotto return at 6.30 in the evening. . . Class from 7.30. . . Then . . . The work 
Inshalla! Devo I wont be at the Astor tonight 
inside 'the works'. probably my least favourite shop. everytime i go inside, i get a headache 
Insight for UT grads   http://bit.ly/17cVNL
Insipid insecurities crawlin' all over my mitigated head space!!! yet, i still miss you 
It seems like a special day for Twitter spammers. I get many of them recently 
It seems like everything i do something goes wrong story of my life i should be used to it by now but no poor little baby hammy 
it seems like i have a permanent headache 
It seems like I have had an almost a endless supply of DSi Points, but now they are all gone. 
it seems like I'll have to stop going for expensive foods  http://img200.imageshack.us/img200/3987/eatingout.jpg
it seems like no one is having a good day. sigh. how lame. 
It seems like this rough patch is never going to end  http://twitpic.com/8ch6n
it seems my phone is dying!  boo! 
It seems only appropriate that I have discovered some hearing loss in my left ear. 
It seems so odd. It feels like it's not happening. I guess it'll hit me tomorrow and when all of my friends move this weekend. 
it seems that a truck went through my legs  but I have enjoyed both dancing yesterday. Best celebration of 15 years ï¿½//
it seems that California is going to close most of the parks in a bad attempt to avoid bankruptcy 
It seems that DVD subtitles are images not text - the usual way to convert them is to use OCR, but that's not effective for Chinese 
It seems that everyone got that they wanted except me. 
It seems that seeing Blink 182 was not meant to be.  Why won't the presale work?!
it seems that some food impersonating virus has embedded itself in my digestive tract. No further details on this arrangement are needed 
it seems that twitter is like talking to yourself 
It seems the universe wants me to watch Fifth Element a lot. Which means it wants me to get this: http://tinyurl.com/mo6mfd.  costs a lot.
It seems the weather is teasing with us. Jus drizzled for a few min and stopped. It's more humid and hot now. It's got worse. 
It seems there was a bit of a bumblebee cull last night, saw about 5 dead ones this morning. 
It seems they found the plane that vanished yesterday   http://bit.ly/uDzVf
It seems this tea towel just won't be hammock shaped. Sorry rats 
It seems to be impossible to sync tweets to a Facebook page. Having Twitter set a user's status, yes, but a page: no. 
insistoooooo tengo q star mas atenta a twitter xq kda q no stoy mis boys twittean 
Insomnia  how can that be? Have to stop mulling over things and filling my mind with needless worries.
insomnia  it is 4:25 i guess i am going to go try to lay down.
Insomnia &amp; sickness ... Bad combo! ... Is it over ?! 
Insomnia again  http://tinyurl.com/6m6b4h
Insomnia and a sore throat this week... Trying to stay positive and work on tracks for producer friends but stress is getting to me badly 
insomnia i hate you 
Insomnia is a bitch, another nite of trying to go to sleep. But not being able to. Oo well 
Insomnia is not fun 
insomnia is on full bloom now. looks like no sleep tonight...again 
Insomnia kickin in  I hate this!!!
Insomnia makes a person hate singing birds. And that's just not nice. 
Insomnia strikes again 
insomnia. oh please 
Insomnia. Slept at like 4am and was up already at 7am. I don't even feel tired or have the urge to sleep again. WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME? 
Insomnia...grumble...need cure...this is getting out of hand now....grumble... 
Insomnia? I think so.... 
Insomniiiaaaaaaaaaaaa.... need someone to cuddle &amp; rock me to sleep 
INSPIRATION OCLOCK:  Listening to Miley Cyrus - The Climb by myself in the office and wiping tears from my eyes 
Installed 3 1/2 fans today.  The 1/2 is the one I moved.  Kara tells me I have 2 more to do... 
installed 3.0 with no problems ... now I better get my 3G S soon 
Installed activ expression on my samsung nc20 to have a play... Must say the jury is still out 
Installed Bloomberg app on #WindowsMobile. Does not look like the app has been updated for a while &amp; needs a subscription 
installed boxee plugin to  VIsta's WMC but no #boxeetv icon appears on my 360 extender, 
Installed iPhone 3.0 update onto a 2G iPhone today, found Exchange server had OMA issue.  Grr. Need help fixing that.
Installed my new barrel heat shield on my shotgun and it doesn't fit and I kinda bent it in the process  Good enuff for now. #bangbang
It seems very strange without her, and Mel is bad tempered 'cos the Wii keeps disconnecting from the internet 
It seems we are stuck on the ground in Amarillo. They have put a ground stop for all flights leaving for Denver. Said updates in an hour 
It seriously reeks of dog piss in my house... Two chihuahas doesn't help 
It should be illegal to get up at this hour 
It should be obvious by now.  Of course I love you, you mean everything to me.
It should be summer now, but its just raining all the time. 
It should have snowed more today 
It should not still be this warm in our house. Stupid rain making me keep the windows closed 
It should rain now 
It shouldn't have to be like this. 
It smells awful on the bus 
It smells like fire. I hope it's just a neighbor and not my house. I don't have a working fire alarm 
It smells like lucas in this room. Omg I miss him so much already! 
It smells like pee in my car 
It smells so bad in here 
It snowed this morning  watched gene simmons for like 3 hours its a preety good show but then i was bored...
it so cold in perth, australia, i have a head cold 
It so crazy  And dangerous for everyone!!!
It so sad   i think i might cry  
It so sucks, my car broke down last night going to work, just made it to the parking lot, but now I have to get it towed to repair shop 
it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night. 
It soooo sucks when you have to do something that you do NOT want to do...on my way to Vegas just because I'm a good sister 
it sort of wrked 
It started finally but with only one attendee. The rest of the crew is busy obvously 
It started out so lovely this morning, now looks like it's gonna chuck it down 
It starts at 3 but I have to pick up a friend from the tube in a bit, and it seems I shall have to walk down with a umbrella just incase 
it starts at nine. supposively a bunchh of sophmores'll be there, so I have to go get ready! ughh my hairs all &quot;chlorine&quot;yy from the pool 
It stayed on the whole way there and the whole way back.-Jill is staying with me next weekend.-Mission Impossible III sucks.
It stop raining in Marysville. Short down pour 
It stormed like none other last night. I thought we were headed for a tornado it was SO windy. I think the tomatoes didn't make it... 
It sucks bein the girl who gets ready fast. 
it sucks being sick  flemming is not all its cracked up to be
It sucks being sick on the weekend 
It sucks being sick! I missed out on a blog get together last night and our journalism mixer tonight! 
Installed the computer but did it all wrong. 
Installed the new derailleur and I needed to adjust the headset. I discovered the steerer tube is too long. So no raptobike tomorrow. 
installed the new modem which is meant to run 5 times faster than the old one and its slower  what the hell? gah slow internet kills me
installed windows 7 on the old lappy.  pretty snappy response, but the setup wasn't even as easy as Ubuntu   Now to reinstall Ubuntu...
Installing #bioshock on my #PS3 takes ages 
installing Adobe Flash CS4, I'm afraid  xD
Installing OS 3.0 right now. Backup is taking HOURS. 
Installing Perfect World, giving that game a shot again to prepare for DDO trial to end 
Installing Safari 4 and the iTunes that accepts IPhone 3.0! I hate how it makes you feel &quot;right at home&quot; with the windows look 
Installing some random stuff to my mobile. It's going really bad, cause technology isn't co-operating with me 
Installing uBuntu 9.04 over Windows 7 as i had no graphics 
Installing Windows 7 RC on my MacBook. This feels wrong 
installs #sumatraPDF on a MSwindows machine as alt for Adobe Acrobat. The latter needs20+ sec on a 2core to start up, just to view a PDF! 
instantly regret eating mini pizza. wish i had time this morning to pack lunch  run 1mil miles later?
Instead of being at home I'm in front of the mall waiting 4 her 2 get off. Life as a big sis is not always glamorous 
instead of braking so it can cross, ppl honk, yell, and then run over its wings. 
it sucks cuz i sorta want to sleep but the friend's hubby is watching tv on my bed (i.e. the couch). I'm sad 
It sucks having a empty home  I'm all alone.
it sucks how people cannot be bothered to tweet me back.  i'm not the most annoying person even. 
It sucks that Canada has EQAO test. i have one tmr 
it sucks that D. Howard rolls wit Adidas..... We're not gonna get anymore puppet commercials! 
It sucks that I can't access fb from my job 
It sucks that I'm heading into the office rather than flying 
It sucks that it's raining. Can't cut the grass now. 
It sucks to be awake. 
It sucks to log out from HEX. 
it sucks when everyone else has to study and you're the only one on holiday 
It sucks when you can't get a hold of someone ! Ungh I need better internet on my cell! I hate sidekicks ! 
It sucks when you REALLY want something and all hope just gets cut off! 
It sucks when you're looking for 3rd St. and you see 25th St. because you know you're 22 streets away. 
it sucks, I keep finding free shit 4 me n my wife 2 do, but she wanna stay in the house 
it sucks...i still don't know how to use twitter. how can i send a message to my fave djs... 
It sure is a shame..Took me 25 minutes to cook something I could have already eaten 22 minutes ago! My poor microwave. 
It sux how TVB SENSATIONS only views properly in IE and not Firefox and Safari. 
It sux that I can only take the kids out for a few minutes at a time 
it sux when your dog is sick! 
It takes 1 minute and 20 seconds for my laptop to fully boot and load my desktop. 
It takes me to Dashboard without giving option to join yoir ring 
It takes so much longer to fall asleep without my matty 
It tastes like VINGEAR. 
It too hot 
it took 2 and a half hours to get home from airport. why oh why jakarta? 
It took EXTRA long to detangle my hair this morning.  Now I'm going to be late. 
it totes blows that Times New Viking@Bell House is the same night as KurtVile/BluesControl/Woods at the Shank 
Instead of packing I am twittering and talking in skype  
instead of tanning i got burnt to a fucking CRISP. i'm now a lobster. 
Instead of thanking me for all of the hard work i did today, my aunt complained about what i did wrong. 
instead of voluntiring at international karate tournament I have to work. the tournament would be more interesting 
instead went to Lantau, saw Big Buddha, ate at TGI's (best one ever), and is packing to go home  best trip, India soon....
Insulted after HANNAH hung the phone up on me.   
insured! my insurance went up a whopping ï¿½5.00 after my crash 
Int 1 RME exam tomorrow 
Intake Ridge http://is.gd/17EBQ trip canceled  Not sure what to do tomorrow now.. might be a trip to Gisburn Forest http://is.gd/17EGN
Integration Day is coming!! OMG! we have no dance yet!  so sad
Intel graphics are a pain to get to place nice with Xorg... 
Intelligentis Coffee in Venice is still not open   At the original Groundworks eating a tofu muffin
intended to get some early sleep, but needed to get some code out of my head first 
Intense night today. A LOT of discussing, some story writing. No music though  #composer #plot #story #iproject
Intense storms rolling in just in time for the commute. Booo. 
Intercom at Walmart: To the owner of a white Dodge Caravan, license plate # *** your dog is in distress, please attend to your vehicle. 
It turns out a glass of hawaiian punch cant replace cake 
It turns out, Some on has already done that  , sad
IT Typo of the Day: bowering -&gt; browsing I was wondering how Bowser affected her document and why 
It used to be a dream of mine to break it down on the dancefloor with Chris Brown... Before I knew he is an abuser 
It was a bad week at FerretsFirst.  We lost Rosie, Smeagol &amp; Sakura 
It was a dark and gloomy night for sport tonight, SA choked in the T20 semi's and Italy lost 1-0 to Egypt 
it was a difficult day 
It was a good excuse to get out of the office for a while, too bad no one (not even the sales rep) showed up for my class 
it was a good run... 
It was a great show...until some dipshits broke into our bass players truck.    proceeds to spade.
It was a grim day for Yorkshire, absolutely disgusted we let the BNP in 
It was a hard day 
It was a moment of weakness and you said yes 
it was a pretty good effort by the bomber boys, just going down 
it was a rainy day. uh. so love coldy nights. i just wish he was here right beside me, lying together.  i miss you baby!!! 
It was a really good book, but it was so sad!!! 
Interesting day yesterday played cricket and had an arguement with south african wicketkeeper- ended up with a broken leg  purely frea ...
interesting day. Had some nice lamb for dinner. Some manor cake and tea afterwards. Managing to pray all the Breviary - except Matins 
interesting day..sad the week is almost over 
Interesting discovery: I understand written Spanish &amp; Greek better than french. This isn't good. My oral is in 8 days. 
interesting night. homework now.... all weekend 
Interesting stuff, @AdamOfDallas, the problem is that the follow/unfollow is hard these days, not for me only. 
Interesting video on the &quot;global food crisis&quot;, kind of a catch 22 situation  http://tinyurl.com/ljxtod
Interesting: A &quot;Lime World&quot; icon has popped up on my blackberry. I wonder what it does. I'm curious, but... Its Lime  Ok let's see...
Interim review wen't well, bottled out of discussing salary though 
intermittent fever.. I thought I was getting better. 
Intermittent raining is a pants. Don't know if I'm in or out today.  bed building or garden?
Internal bleeding and sickness is no fun.. Fix me!! 
International School of Western Australia, you are so tempting. Daddy, when are you letting me do boarding 
interneeet why aren't you back to normal yet 
Internet and cable aren't working. 
Internet appears to be back down for Iran  My father says they are sitting on roof tops chanting for Freedom #iranelection
It was a very beautiful day out today, but I had to work straight through it 
It was absolutely beautiful!! Yes she looked amazing. I will post pics on thurs. Still don't have cable at my new place!!  @rareblkpearl
It was actually a huge bee! Have opened window and let it out. Looks like I'm the stupid one 
it was all hiphop bullshit, and I felt like a poor cow 
It was an amazin night! ! But my mom was yellin at me to get home 
It was an error on their part (obviously!) so relieved i was shaking and close to tears 
It was awesome but short. 
It was closed  But i'll eat something i prepared haha
It was DEFINITELY too soon to go on rollercoasters :-P My back is NOT being very forgiving 
-it was inevitable but...oh the pain! the excruciating pain!   
it was jus a matter of time before one of my kitties chewed broke my skullcandies 
It was my bday yesterday and haven't heard from my___...gotta move on 
it was not a good day i supposed. the trouble that i created 
It was nothin, this show never fails to dissapoint 
It was ok babes but i hurt my back  hey you can come wash my car too! Its really really dirty :p
It was omly a matter of time before rhe rain returnd 2 us!!! 
Internet at home is down...  Nearly a month now...stupid fucking BT... 
Internet at work is down  now I have to phone tiscali and be told they won't speak to me because I'm not my boss, who insists they won't
internet at work is slow... sadly this is somewhat commonplace 
internet back up and running .I didn't miss it - yes I did -yes I did I admit it  I even did ironing
Internet connection is baaaaddd! I think I can't surf the net for a couple of days. That's bad. 
Internet connection is being unspeakably lame today 
Internet connection partially works here?!?! Too bad it's cloudy out 
internet connection still laggy  tech support didnt answer for 3 days now ...
internet connection very slow today 
Internet connection went down for 10 minutes, oddly when I was trying to be productive. It'll take me hours to restart 'cause I'm lazy.  
Internet explorer 6 doesn't like whatever changes were made to twitter. Can't click the reply button 
Internet finally crashed. After the thunder I knew it was just a matter of time. 
Internet has been down since this morning.  Argh!
Internet here is as slow as ever. 
internet is being annoying 
internet is down, only thing thats working is twitter and my finger hurts now 
internet is fucked up. it keeps freezing and crap. STUPID COMPUTER!!!!  lol i'm so tired i'm talking to the computer. but it's a mac. they
internet is going as fast as a turtle 
internet is out 
Internet is painfully slow today 
Internet is severly sucky today.  Not sure, but I think it's on Comcast's end. 
Internet is slowish at the moment, restarts June 14th 
internet is sooooooo slow, i have to get off now  !!!!
internet is still down, fuck att dsl, cox is coming next week ftw, i miss me hero wars 
Internet is still not working   The people on the phone are not very helpful and I can't understand them...
internet is too slow.. 
internet isn't working  watching twilight and helping mommio write checks. soccer refs make bank yo!
Internet issues prevented me from doing any EOV work this weekend. Now it is time to play catch up and see what is going on... 
Internet not working at home and I don't know how to fix, restarted router and nothing 
internet not working since Saturday  Feels like im on an island,just like Tom in Cast away :-P
Internet still doesn't work. This is depressing 
Internet still down.... I'm experiencing withdrawals.  off to bed with me.
It was one of the best afternoons in my live, coz I spent it with my @Kosiem! But now I'm sad, cause she's gone 
It was raining most of the day till late afternoon. The river Inn floaded parts of my evening bike tour 
It was really good. We had a change of plans last minute and went to jamaica so no mexico 
It Was Really Hot This Weekend But It Will Start To Rain Again On Saturday  How depressing
It was sad seeing Mr Bukowski at the crash site on the way home 
It was sad seeing some of my kids go for the summer   I got lots of hugs though!!!  &lt;3
It was short lived  but thunder and lightning none the less.
it was so hot ..my chocolate melted 
it was so sunny today i got burnt!! 
It was soo HOT! today at school 
It was soo quiet last night with my sister and nephew gone. Kinda sad. I had to put my TV and then the radio up loud to feel less lonely. 
It was sunny now cloudy  mmm tea at the ark.
it was suposed to be sunny today  i guess bak to lucky building 2nd floor if u know what i mean. ha ga ha
It was supposed to be sunny and nice today. Instead we had Rain, Wind and HAIL... HOLY!   
it was supposed to be warm today. now its raining 
It was taking in water.  but we went to the pool and had a blast
It was the CSUN shirt that was stained. 
it was the last game of the seasonn 
It was the Mormons! They were the ones that had it right  #finaltweet
Internet stopped working at work.  Listening to Jill Scott, reading the Sunday Free Press.
Internet theft :The c-card owner doesn't pay, the cc company takes the money back from us and the retailer looses 
Internet was out since 7.30pm last night.  Now very behind on everything. Oh well, got other work done!
internet wasn't working all day  finally got it to work, now updating myself on the latest news! 
Internet went out = no twitter 
Internetï¿½s down at home, bummer 
internet's been out all night. couldnt drunk tweet.  had so many good things to say..but they prolly all involved bangin robert plant ;-)
Internet's down all day today! Urgh. On the way home now, back to the hotel in 7 hours. 
Internets going soooooo slow  its really annoying
internets not workin on thee laptop 
Internets not working  i just wanted to get our router working. Now nothings working.
Interning! Rainy Day in NYC 
internode is down in north syd and now I have to do all the work I was putting off 
Internode suspended my internet :'-( SO sure I paid it!!! Well paid it again through their gateway, hope it comes back on soon 
interns over...but singapore sucksss 
interview in woburn tomorrow, pit stop in lowell, saying farewell to miss christina crowleyyyy  
Interview on wednesday  for college 
interview over, went well I hope. the office was nice hehe. im so hungry off to get food. yipe. still shaking about my tattoo 
it was the perfect day to go the beach, but ended up not going 
It was TOO hot today  Don't know how I manage to get burnt in random shapes lol
it was too nicey nice fun fun  oh well
It was verry nice yesterday, she is still here, she is going around 5 PM, I will miss her 
it was weird not seeing him today. 
It was working. Go to work come back and it's down again. 
It wasn't I got a pair only..low pair 
it wasn't my intention to say that... i'm sorry... truth be told i think the opposite of what you think i said... 
It wasn't really been to the rumors, though. 
it went from bad to worse. im out. was placed at 23,547 out of 53,452. Blinds were to fast, not enough hands and shit cards. 
it will not let me upload my picture 
It will take decades for Bangalore to get Mumbai like infrastructure 
it wnt let me listen to mark owen's interview on heart 
it wont bloody let me put a picture on 
it wont even charge it 
it won't let me change my pic  mean twitter! probably a sign i should be revising
it won't let me log into myspace  x
it wont let me read it  what did you say?
it wont let me upload a picture 
it wont let me vote noooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
it wont straighten 
it wooon't let me change my picture! 
IT WORKS! I H8 XJOSEX  he broke our foam and tried to touch me with sticks!!!
it would appear that my Sony D12-11 speakers are on the blink the right channel keeps cutting out i think its a split in the cable. 
It would appear that, yes, I was unwittingly enticed into another long walk. Ain't moving an inch tomorrow. Still don't have any whisky. 
It would be a perfect family day...If only Daddy were here  ...But we have the rest of our lives to have good family days so...
It would be fantastic to have more people following me..all my follower notifications usually trying to sell me something 
it would be fun to go to rockquest  oh well... ill just go to Sam's instead.. she wants to see her boyFriend anyways(thats me)
It would be great if I could hear audio from the Center for American Progress Web 2.0 and the Federal Govt event 
Interview today for a job I can't be given. Maybe time to switch professions.   Anybody need life insurance?
Interview tomorrow....I need a job 
Interview was postponed... interviewer hurt his back... 
Interviewed dad for research paper and came to find that my phone never recorded his long, detailed response at all. (whimper) 
Interwebz connection died  Graduation practice tomorrow, but first have to pay my library fine. $68 for a book we didn't even use.
into day 2 of headache 
Into work that is  sidenote: I've been gettn great durning the day. If u block out every bit of the sun ur body will neva kno it daytime
Into your arms- The Maine. Current break up song for getting over @drugaddicteyes. Dealing the hard way 
intranet search results: looks like google , at first glance the relevance seems as bad as in almost every intranet 
Intriguing Character Poll page down; not sure if that means poll has ended or not(like at midnite EST); try again later  
Invasion of the Old Ladies has just ended, still have to clean up not going to be able to make it to the tweetup tonight. 
Inventory 
inversion of dinner plans - from guest to host in 10 mins 
investment tip: buy stock in aloe vera this week.  went out on a bike ride today without sunscreen... i'm already turning red  
Invited to where? 
invites are out. Good thing I had them weighed, not enough postage 
It would be great if the iPhone OS 3 was available before I left for work. But it's not 
it would be much better if all my friends would be here... 
It would be nice if I could have a day off in order to finish the 15 miles of homework I have to complete before Monday. 
It would be nice if things like Hulu and Kindle were Canadian friendly. 
It would be STELLAR to be able to breathe today... 
It would have been nice to tell me if you've moved  God dammit.
it would have been nice to wake up before noon 
it would make my life easier if i could get the google map api javascripts nonminified. the documentation of  version 3 is insufficient 
It would seem walking to and from Starbucks then vacuuming my apt is a bit too strenuous for me right now... I'm bad at being sick 
It would start 2 thunder when we on our way there 
It wouldn't be Sunday if I wasn't in a St Joes waiting room  Sick kid this AM
It would've been rude to say hi. At least thats what I'll keep telling myself. 
It. Is. So. Darn. Hot. In the sun, I think I got sunburn 
it........ is....... cold.......... again............. 
it`s really tommorow. 
it`s so cold and i`m so sick 
It`s such a romantic novel!! I cried in the end  Now I`m going to bed. I`m so tired.
itÂ´s a rainy day today 
itÂ´s cold itÂ´s #raining and itÂ´s #boring .what a great #Saturday 
ItÂ´s raining 
itÂ´s raining all the time 
itÂ´s raining, that sucks  so iÂ´m gonna have a cozy day at home
ItÂ´s raning,raning,raining,raning,raning,raing and raning the whole day long 
invites her twitter friends to join me in plurk! http://www.plurk.com/janellecua/invite Hindi ko kasi talaga alam paano itong twitter 
iono what to do at this point..  whats right whats best. decisions decisions.
iot police, normal police, intel, IRG, Basij! I managed to scape, but they captured so many people http://quaalude.proboards.com/  QC
iphone #squarespace but you don't call me 
iphone &gt; blackberry 
iPhone -&gt; rice bath 
iPhone 3.0 is great.  Now waiting for @meebo app for the iPhone.  Could not find any recent mention of the app online 
iPhone 3.0 Jailbreak available at http://blog.iphone-dev.org/ - DOESN'T NOT WORK with the new iPhone 3GS! 
IPhone 3.0 Jailbroken! ä½†æœªæœ‰IAcces 
IPhone 3.0 not out yet. 
iphone 3.0 released 18th  not 17th 
iphone 3.0 taking aaaaages. 
iPhone 3.0 upgrade turned my phone into a brick... if you had thought about calling me, perhaps email is best 
iPhone 3.0, so far so good.  Love the horizontal keypad!  If only I a 3G 
iPhone 3.0... cool, but not too cool. 
iPhone 3G connection via O2 on train seems dodgier than normal 
iPhone 3G S is $200. Why didn't I get any money for grad!?  By the end of summer maybe?
iPhone 3GS not coming till Monday!!!! booooooo 
iPhone 3GS not on sale in o2 until 26th of June  http://bit.ly/wiWby
iPhone 3GS touchscreen FAIL.  
iPhone activation server down! Noooooooo! 
iPhone Activation Server is down FOR ME  while everyone else seems to be updating fine!
iPhone app idea - NHS self-diagnosis tool. Ie. What on earth are these stomach cramps? 
iPhone battery died  Learnt from last time and now charging via my MBA rather than my clock radio.
iphone emits no sound   found some solutions on the web, we'll see in an hour wether i should really worry...
iPhone has experienced an &quot;exception&quot;, because the &quot;receiver&quot; wants it delivered at a later date. 
itÂ´s sooo boring today  (huuu.......)
itÂ´s sooo fresh overhere in Germany!! no wonder iÂ´m always getting sick. i guess NO SUMMER this year 
ItÂ´s such a boring day... And I miss my boyfriend, but IÂ´ll see him on wednesday next time  Stupid!!
italian exam over-yah!!! 2 down,1 to go. can't wait to read a book/watch a movie/relax...will have to wait till Sunday night  can't wait!
italian final soon 
itching my ass off. lol, i hate bugs 
Itching to see some ballet. No possibilities on the horizon. 
Itchy ear 
Itchy eye 
Itchy eyes!! Stupid hayfever 
Itchy rashes 
ITCHY THROAT waiting for the film to load, taking yearssssss and i've ran out of cheesy puffs 
iThink this 5am work out its messing with me! I really don't wanna get up @ 5 am! But I do wanna go running! CON FUSED! 
Itï¿½s sunny!  But I need to wash dishes 
Itï¿½s too cloudy this morning to put me into good mood! 
iTired. Nothing to do tonight, how sad. 
It'll be 8 weeks since I last saw them 
Itouch is missing....twitter is not very accesible. 
itouch won't turn on after firmware upgrade. simply gutted 
It's  11:25  PM ! Wohoooo.  I din't  get me 11:11 Wish   dayuum.
It's  Friday and I can't go out becuz I have work in the morning. 
It's  Morning &amp;  I have  2 Leave. 
iPhone has just lost 3/4 of my apps 
iPhone Hmmmmm.... I wonder if I should switch.... 
iPhone in emergency mode. Guess updating in iTunes and crossing my fingers that the unlock will hold didn't help. Now I NEED QuickPwn... 
iphone is broken  . Went to store to get it fixed and had to make an apt. to come back at 4.
iPhone joy is shortlived. The Apple &quot;expert&quot; deleted more than half of my contacts during the transfer. Including my date from Tues night 
iPhone officially reserved. I'm sad to see my 2g go 
iPhone OS 3.0 is ... still not out yet... 
Iphone OS 3.0 jailbreak... Any news? Using GM edition here, but nothing new from beta 5.0 it seems. I miss Cycorder. 
iPhone os 3.0 moved back to the 18th June.  1 more day.  I'm dying again. 
iPhone OS 3.0 to drop sometime today (reports have it at 12:00 PM Eastern)...I can hardly wait since I won't be getting new hardware 
iPhone OS3.0 : Apple delays until June 18th  http://tinyurl.com/nzm68t
iPhone restore is going to take too long. Am I truly going to have to go without my phone tonight? A terrifying prospect 
iPhone restore suc6ful! YES! Now it's completely empty 
iPhone screen just stopped responding. Again. 
iPhone shake to shuffle  feature + listening to music on a bike ride = 17 second samples of my entire music library.  
iPhone Spotlight: greatest feature ever. First kind of feature I've ever seen like it on a phone. So many people will never use it though 
iphone system restore failed  iphone officially busted....... No service, no signal and screwed...........pass the tissues.
Iphone system restore not looking good  First tears staring to form sniffle sniffle
iPhone today! I want to see The Morning Of in Virginia Beach, but I don't think I can get there 
iPhone twitter clients and Push http://jerakeen.org/notes/2009/06/125128358/ not in the near future 
iphone update 3.0 comes out today. I DONT HAVE anything to test it on  been waiting for the final release for a long time! (beta sucked)
IPhone update has bricked my IPhone....so glad I updated 
iPhone update is nu officieel morgen pas  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
iPhone update now slated for 1 pm today?!  so much for playing with it at work...sad.
iphone updated in the end and saves are fine  though now it runs slow and crashes often 
iPhone upgrade woes again  One day my phone will upgrade seamlessly.
iPhone was turned  probably won't be turned on til tuesday. Reach me over myspace or something I guess.
It's /far/ too sticky hot today. I do wish my cars air conditioning worked 
Its 0415 sittin havin lunch - cheese + tomato sandwich, monster munch, apple + bottle water - hardly gourmet is it? 
Its 0551. Bagel shop #1 opens at 0800.  I hope #2 is open or there be a very unhappy Mark...
It's 0600 and I'm leaving for Sproat Lake. Looks like rain! 
It's 1 AM and I am still working 
Its 1.28am can't sleep so am studying instead 
It's 1:01 EST, and it still tells me 2.2.1 is the most updated firmware 
it's 1:21 am, still doin the essay, i gotta wake up around 6 am then 8 am class  what a day ahead of me
Its 1:21am &amp; I'm just leavin the house...the nerve of sum ppl I tell u! Smh hope I don't get leant &amp; curse his ass out 4 havin me waiting 
It's 1:28 am and I want Hostess ORANGE Cupcakes. 
It's 1:34 AM but I CAN NOT fall aslseep!!!! I really wish I could go upstairs and make some tea to help me relax  #BSB
It's 10 degrees in Wellington at the moment. I'm so jealous 
Its 10.45. I had 2 cup of coffee. Still miss my bed 
its 10:30 now 
its 10:31 PM. and im still up. chemistry and trigonometry are killing me! damn! 
It's 10:49 PM and im still sitting in the office trying to finish work... 
It's 10:55... Still no computer... My iPhone battery is going to die. 
Its 100 degrees in carthage mississippi  !ruslan!
Iphone/Ipod activation servers bite the dust. If u haven't updated already, it will be tomorrow          http://tinyurl.com/ldzju5
iphone's not working...I feel so alone 
iPhones sold out  #squarespace
iPhoto's flickr integration is pretty unintuitive - I just deleted a bunch of my photos 
Iplayer..release the f1 part 2! Damn you! All season you have been nice to me 
iPod battery running low 
ipod broke!  and phone is getting there!
iPod died this morning after a drop. has been dropped before with no issues. i guess this was the icing on the cake. 
ipod died today  
ipod down...  it is an excellent idea to leave it on the steps and step on it when you stumble down them in the morning hours....fml
ipod is dead   Cant bike     Cant hang out    Cant rent Movies  Perfect time to read 
Ipod is dead, tired of my mixed cds, the radio is lame... I hate not having good music while driving 
iPod is flat  Dunno how I'm gonna charge it, cos have to charge it on dad's laptop &amp; I'm at mum's house atm, &amp; I broke the charger for it!
ipod just died 
iPod just had a fucking malfunction!! Not good!! 
ipod love babaaaay! it's gunna die right now.  charger, where are you?
Ipod on shuffle and up full blast, lying on a sun lounger and revising History  but i may read breaking dawn again soon 
iPod touch = brick.  
iPod touch 16GB Â£209 Bloody hell 
iPod Touch 32GB went through wash: http://bit.ly/44d1K2 http://bit.ly/czSMz http://bit.ly/13P0dC http://bit.ly/nLXff 
ipod touch has been stolen by chloe 
iPod update = fail - No I don't want to restore factory settings 
iPod very wet 
iPod--please work. i need you 
ipods gone gaaaaaaaaaaaayy! need to get a new one 
IQ shortlist announced: http://bit.ly/KCsXD  I'm not there 
Iran 0 - 0 N Korea -- poor performance by Iranians  there is a little chance of qualifying for world cup 2010
Iran blames American social media for unrest!  HA!  I say the babe is out of the bottle and she ain't going back until the bullets come. 
Iran is starting to scare me... Hate fighting 
Iran...Wow! 
iranian election much more interesting than transcendental idealism 
Iranian girl dies in front of camera from yesterday's protests in Tehran. http://is.gd/181QC #iran #gr88 *Warning: very bloody scene!* 
Iranian protests were able to delay the Twitter downtime, but apparently had no effect on Xbox Live going down for tonight.  #Iranelection
Iranian protests were able to delay Twitter's scheduled downtime last night but apparently had no effect on Xbox Live's.  #iranelection#fb
I'm going to the doctor in a few hours.  I'm so nervous!  I hate going to the doctor!
im going to the orthodentist soon to get my braces tightened  i think hes gonna try pull forward my one tooth which is outta place
im going to thorpe park next week, i hate rides, just looked at some, shitting myslef 
I'm going to town to fix my love, my camera broke 
I'm going to town today to get more brackets on.... joy. 
im going to try to sleep 
I'm going to try to sleep now. Soooooo drained all the time lately... 
im going to vacation in about  2 weeks and i havent gotten flight ticket yet!!!  i will spend alot of money for this month 
im going to watch a movie, wish you were here 
im going to work today! tierd and tierd! 
Iranian revolution surrenders  Mussawi want's to negotiate with the regime. It's a shame . #iranelection
Iranians need support... they need guns. they have no weapon to stand infront of them.   #iranians #iran9 #tehran
Iranians...run for safety away from your Country...Israel is setting itself up to bomb you. 
Iran's situation is getting worse and worse while I was sleeping soundly in my bed...It's just not right.  ... http://plurk.com/p/12k28z
Ireland is so far behind......I'm only able to watch the MTV Movie Awards now even though it was live in America on Sunday night  Weird...
Iris Evans strikes again   http://twurl.nl/ynsb7u (link via @edmontonjournal)
IRL: I'm with my boyfriend Jacob *smiles* but he's sleeping 
ironedmy hand 
Ironic how Englands T20 team were done over by our own weather 
Ironing done - Turkish GP in 40 minutes - sky getting dark again in this part of the world  
ironing done, bills paid, kids asleep and energy left to scrapbook  - off to blog and then bed.
Ironing-done, vacumming downstairs-done, upstairs to do 
irons mountains of laundry !! uuuufff 
Irons were not my friend today... And since that's all you use at Sullivan's, shot a 49 on 9 holes 
Irony of life. I am sewing in a DJ booth. All I'm missing is my Dj  http://twitpic.com/7idqs
Irony. In IEEE HQ, basement room named &quot;Morse&quot; pictures of Edison, Marconi, wireless pioneers.... WiFi but no cell reception down here 
IRQL not equal or less BSODs all night on #win7 -- these suck    Since I'm tired, we'll let Memtest run all night just to rule out bad mem
Irritated it not being able to upload a pic   aaaaaarrrrrrrrr
It's 10p and I'm still working  What is up with that? Work seriously cuts into my Twitter-time
its 11 30 and i jus started cleaning my room .. let's see wat tyme i finish this project  SMH
It's 11:11, make a wi-- Aww, it's 11:12. 
it's 11:30 and we're home from carindale already  dentist appointment at 1:30 
Its 11:30, I'm at a bar in Detroit Lakes, and I just wanna go to bed 
it's 11:30. I've waited for my hubby, but it's the first day the store's open so I'm sure he's busy working. Time to go to bed now. 
its 12 in nite, nd am finding it bored to goto sleep... 
It's 12:12 on the 17th and no update 
Its 12:39AM and I'm still awake!... But, I'm going to bed now.  For now... Sleep Tight!
It's 12:48 PM. Just woke up  Way behind in my work! Need caffeine now! :|
Its 130 and I haven't eaten anything today. Me no likey....    
its 17:44 here and not a single drop of rain here.huh just an overcast day and nothing else..... 
it's 18june, where's my update? 
It's 1am &amp; I just finished eating pizza for dinner. Can't sleep. My bf's aunt just passed away from cancer  Need to b w/ him somehow...
It's 1am and I'm sitting home doing nothing. I really should've went out tonight 
it's 2 am and i all want to do is play rollercoaster tycoon but i cant find my disc anywhere 
It's 2 damn early 2 b @ walmart  after this, it's off 2 work I go
It's 2.27am and I've no idea why I'm still awake. Well that's not strictly true 
It's 2.48a.m. and I'm sitting here watching the Tennis! Go Rafa Nadal! I need sleep and a life! 
it's 2:20 PM and the sun still not up 
it's 2:28 am &amp; I can't sleep 
It's 2:30 in tha morning omg what an evenful night not in a good way either 
its 2:45 am and i cant sleep 
Its 20:45 pm in Norway, school tomorrow, boring, Exam this friday, nooo 
It's 20:50 hs and i'm still at the office...really tired,wanna go home! 
Its 232 am. Why can't I sleep? Got to be up in a few. 
It's 2am and i'm bored 
It's 2am and i'm discovering Twitter...i don't have friends yet 
its 2am,  no ones awake 
its 2pm lunch time over... do I really have to go back to work? 
It's 3 am and i can't sleep 
It's 3 and I'm not in my bed.... SHOOT ME! 
It's 3 in the morning and I just got into my bed at the hotel . . . breakfast ends at 10:30 
it's 3 in the morning, n i can't sleep again. oh wad a bad habit 
It's 3:11!!! Too bad its a.m. 
It's 3:12 am and I'm still awake, arghhh i cant sleep 
It's 3:16 AM and I can't sleep 
It's 3:20 and I'm not really tired, and my sinuses are bad so my head is killing me 
its 3:24pm here, and i dont wanna go to chemistry course.. i dont wanna meet jordi! thats the main reason.. 
It's 3:26am not tired and not in the mood 
It's 3:30 a.m. I need sleep 
its 3:30 am and im not tired bc im too busy getting sick left and right. fucking a 
Its 3:30am and the abesinthe is finally kicking in. I wish we hit up a diner. 
its 3:30am, and I can't sleep 
its 3:33am but im still working  but its ok cuz i had a great bday &lt;3
It's 3:48 in the morning.  Why is no one online 
its 3:55 am and i just had my first yawn.. i'm a terrible insomniac 
it's 30 celsius out today and i can't enjoy it , i'm sooooo waisting my summer break 
its 3-4 hours away from myrtle beach. i miss you so much! i want to be with you. right now 
It's 35 degree C now ak ak :O:O. How can I survive the summer eh? - Just see the knife when needed the scissors and now vice versa huhuhu 
It's 3am and everyone's sleeping. I need a new manfriend 
Its 3am and i am still awake!! :S Off to bed now peeps.. am knackered! 
its 3am and im in the office working 
It's 3am and Tyler is up wanting to play 
Its 3am in the morning and i can't sleep. I don't like Jet lag 
it's 3h30am and i feel like getting some pasta, do i have food at home? noooo!! #foodfail i'm hungry!! 
its 4 am and im awake  taking my mom and brother to the airport so they can go home
it's 4 am now. . . i need to go to bed. I am dying of football 
Its 4 am. I have to be up in 3 hrs. 
It's 4 and I am still at the office 
It's 4 in the morning here, which means we should be getting waking-up LeakyCon tweets soon... #notatleaky 
Its 4 O'clock &amp; I've done about 3 pages of revison all day ... not a great strategy for passing an exam! 
It's 4.09am now, and shermin is awake!  
Its 4.30am- crap. I hate this sleeping schedule from being sick 
its 4.50 am  and im still doing art work i gotta go to college in 3 hours omg i think im going insane i cant paint anymore 
it's 4:10 am and I can't sleep 
It's 4:19 and I've yet to fall asleep. There's no way I can drive to the city by myself today 
Its 4:30 am and i cant sleep  really depressed 
It's 4:30 am and I hardly slept all night. 
It's 4:30 in the morning and I cannot go to sleep for the life of me! My brain won't settle down! 
Its 4:30 in the morning and I'm still awake, I havent slept in over 21 hours....meh.     This weekend has... http://tinyurl.com/lrxrtc
ITS 4:55AM..AND I HEAR THUNDER OUTSIDE MY WINDOW....WISH POOPIE WAS HERE 
It's 420....what to do? I know!! Nothing 
its 45 degrees here..damm hot 
Its 4am and i can't sleep missin you more then u kno 
Its 4am and i cant sleep! Not even tired anymore 
It's 4am and I woke up sining @BLNT songs in my head that we'll be playing tonite. Pre-production starts Friday. Nerves and pressure... 
It's 4am and I'm still wide awake it's not good 
It's 4pm Friday, he left at 6am Thursday.... surely he should be there now 
Its 5 am and I can't get back to sleep. 
its 5 am, lying in bed, i really dont wanna get up. have to study today 
it's 5 am. i got woken up by my kitty and can't sleep. someone help me! 
it's 5 in the morning, and i still can't sleep 
i'm going work 
i'm going, people. i need to sleep. biology test tomorrow  love y'all. goodnight twitters, XoxO
im gone to the gymmmmmmm (to get rid of my thundaa thighs) LMAO 
im gonna be 20 something when i got to germany 
Im gonna be carless starting 2morrow for almost a week!!!! 
I'm gonna be gone for the whole month of July!  Yay!  Except that means no more tweets from @JoelMadden   I'll miss you!
im gonna be offline till julyy. , im going to florida, i will be on tomarrow to say goodbye. todays my last day to be on and talkk 
I'm gonna be on a boat.  I hate that song.  My family, minus my sister at SENIOR WEEK, is taking our boat for a spin.  No crabbing today. 
I'm gonna be sick of listening to Antony Robins and Brian Tracy.. Should copy something else to my Ipod now 
I'm gonna be soooo pissed if I caught some swine flu... Achy all over, sore throat and a fever ftl 
im gonna clean my room&amp;livng. fml, tomorrow im waking up at 5:40, iguess. today gotta study for exam 
I'm gonna cryyy!!! My car looked so good clean and its fuckin raining!?! I always do this...wash it right before it rains 
im gonna do another twitpic... how fun 
im gonna eat breakfast with my family. Im gonna miss my aunt when she leaves tomorrow. 
i'm gonna eat pancit canton instead of buko salad. my tummy might ache since eating buko isn't allowed when you'r hungry. 
Im gonna fail Practical Exams on Monday - Using Delphi!!! 
I'm gonna feel like shit at uni today, I'm still whacked up on antibiotics 
Im gonna get started on history.. 
I'm gonna get up late tomorrow and it's 132am here. I gonna get tipsy by my lonesome. That's...that's just sad 
Im gonna give my jet lag a serious POW POW....this sucks 
im gonna go 2 bed i think im tired, an sick  where r my snuggles??
irritated on homefeont and huge migraine now 
Irritated that my two main digital personas are taken.  
irritated. but excited to go to wilmington this week...I miss those people 
Irritating... I want Redding gone, but he pitches against the Nats and will likely get another start.  #mets
IRS defends proposals to tax employee cell phone use http://tr.im/oVXg IRS is so misunderstood 
IRS wants to tax company cells as a fringe benefit   http://online.wsj.com/article/SB124501952511913563.html
is   :-o (annoyed) (bye) (tears) (highfive) (blush) :'-( :-&amp; X-( B-) http://plurk.com/p/yvpzs
is  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/rnrtg
is  , fucked, and in emotional/physical pain.
is  and is waiting to hear if @zoemazza can come to BGT tour now. Shit seats and expensive for how far back but oh well
is  and not sure why
is  because multiply is temporarily unavailable http://plurk.com/p/yvwrb
is  because of A(H1N1)
is  down pa din ang restaurant city http://plurk.com/p/n2wog
is  SAD  ,,,,MY BOYFRIEND LEFT ON A TRIP 
Is #newinventors repeated anywhere? or streamed? I just missed it 
Is #shoesaturday all finish @djpillsd ? 
Is &quot;@ embarassed&quot; right now.  cory and cody doin' glowsticks to f*ckin' rap at Grahams.
Is &quot;the Laundry Bitch&quot; @ this point in time.. 
is *REALLY* wishing sh was going to Jones Beach  Stupid family drama.
is @ siglap starbuckz. I dont know how to study for j1  bother.
is @ work 
Is @ work and not enjoying it!! Uugghh heaven I need a hug  http://myloc.me/4gGu
is @ work and wants to go home and back to bed 
is @ work dreading class n the change of externship next week 
Is @artistacemoney crying again? I'm sorry. 
Is @meidyrchlt talking to me? I think yes.. He eh sama, ini prtama x'a sist aq insomnia. 
its 5 o'clock.. do you know what yoooou're having for dinner??.....i dont 
It's 5 pm, but I'm not going home  30 more minutes!
its 5.02am here in the UK, just done 45mins of business coursework damn i'm going to die tomorrow how am i going to fit the rest in 
its 5:21 and im already at work  
It's 5:30 and I can't get back to sleep.  
It's 5:30am and I didn't sleep at all:-/ couldn't sleep at all so 
It's 5:30am now, and I'm still not asleep... today's going to be soo fun *not* 
Its 5:34am and I'm awake.... wtf is wrong wit me.. I need to go bacc to sleep  this foot keeps me in so much pain! Ahhh
It's 5:40am. I woke up an hour ago and now cannot get back to sleep. This is officially deemed most annoying. 
its 5:55 am and im still awake 
it's 5am and i'm finally going to sleep. stupid WoW holidays keeping me up all late. 
It's 5am and sleep just won't come 
its 5am in the morning and still can't sleep...howaaaaaaaaaa.... 
it's 5am... wth... shoot me x_x... stupid paper. i need to wake up in 3 hours 
It's 6 am .... What am I doing up? I don't work until 230p 
its 6 am and I am still awake 
It's 6/17/09 in all the US States and outlying territories. 3.0 still not available.  I guess I'll have to wait till I get home tonight.
It's 6:00 and ugh I'm getting ready to school 
Its 6:18am on a sunday and i have already folded a load of laundry, emptied the dishwasher and taken a shower... im so lame 
It's 6:33 AM... I have a Spanish oral final! Yayyy 
it's 6:34am now, and i'm still awake! so much for sleeping early  something's different about tonight. i feel alone~
Its 630..whyyyy can't I sleep 
Its 630am i been up for 3hours sick as a dog  need some love ppl.
Its 640 in the damn morning... I been up for an hour and can't go back to sleep!! 
Its 6am..im in v.a. wit my 1yr old son..i gotta show @ noon..im in the hos cuz my son got a 104.5 fever...im soo tired 2 even do the show 
Its 6pm and in already wanting to go to bed 
it's 7 pm already 
Its 7.05am in nairobi. I'm up cleanin the kitchen  had to call java coffeehouse an hour ago to order a cake
It's 7.40pm and I'm in bed all ready. Feeling ill blows.  Bad times.
It's 7:11am and i'm wide awake :| .. Bored  .x
Its 7:41pm on a saturday night &amp; I wanna go to bed... 
is @YoGottiKOM LIONS on 5 STAR CHEF ONLY a lil over minute long? i was just gettin into it 
Is 1 hour away from her weekend!!! One loooooooooong hour! 
is 21 years old and about to end her time in Florence 
is 36.9...getting closer! But still too far away 
is 7:33 in the morning and the only thing I wish to do is sleep. 
Is a a good idea to wash my hair now? And remember I'm asthmatic 
Is a bad puppy dog, who piddled on the floor... Damn Y chromosome! 
is a ball hockey &quot;widow&quot;  lol
is a bit dead in the water...i cant finish the site without IE 
is a bit disappointed that she can't update anything on her profile yet.. 
Is a bit hungover from last night. 
is a bit pissed...i want my phone back! with the loud ringtones n qwerty *sigh* this temp. nokia is killin me so bad i dun wanna use it 
is a bit sore  But I got to see my cervix. It was pretty sexy.. I'm not going to lie.
is a bit tearful. Found a video on SKY's site of me cheering on Mel B on the red carpet at the MOBO's 
is a bit tired. I blame the rain.  http://plurk.com/p/x2jc9
is a bit tired. With a bit of a tummy ache still. With unresolveable bedhead I'm afraid 
is a bit worried now about his history exam yesterday. what if the essays werent good enough? 
is a carbohydrate pig! pasta for a whole week 
is a cracked flywheel bad? 
Is a facebook widower  - off to the globe, hurrah!
is a failure 
is a gentleman, one who has no enemies; none of his frens like him 
It's 7am &amp; I haven't been this cranky in a long time.  I just want a massage &amp; cuddles right now.
it's 7am and the weather is looking a tad shady. Where's the sun gone?  x
It's 7am here and I have to go to school this morning 
Its 8 am and already well in its way to being hot and sticky outside. Love the humidity 
It's 8:30pm and there are still 10 things that need to be done for today 
It's 84 degrees outside............In Kos. FAIL. Wish I was there nowwww  http://tinyurl.com/qxo4qc
it's 8am and I say. what the freaking heck am i doing up.... work today 
it's 8am and im already up and studying 
Its 8am and my body won't function. 
its 9:11 in the morning here (im in england) i look out the curtains its cloudy , not sunny,cold and looks like its gonna rain 
It's 9:41 and I am already bored. I don't want to go back to work after having 6 days off 
it's 9:57 and i've decided i really, REALLY want to play Dance Dance Revolution. Dang. 
it's 93 degrees out but feels like 115 
It's 9am... do you know where Kirby cat is? 
It's a balmy 101in the steel 
Its a bank holiday this weekend.  God damn it, the only thing that was keeping going was that Monday trip to the bank  I'm lost now
It's a bank holiday, yet I'm only out of work now. Exam season sucks:(
It's a beautiful beautiful Sunday! Cleaning alex's room... And I'm very very blah 
is a hopeless romantic.  http://plurk.com/p/x78vj
Is a hr early for court  &lt;(o_O)&gt;
Is a huge bitch 
is a lamo tonight 
is a lil bored....in West Chester with nothin to do  how lame
is a lil sad  I just dropped Bri off @my cuz house in Buford (she babysittn his girls dis summer...makin dat GUAP!!!) but she'll be ho ...
is a lil upset she got dissed from going to the shooting range this morning b/c guys wanted a guy day 
is a little disappointed that there will be no more Lamb Shank Mondays 
is a little happier today... Apart frm the fact i got a poorly doggy... Trip to the vet me thinks... 
is a little sad that her volunteer work at thge Leukaemia Foundation has ceased as of today cause they are centralising transport 
is a little sick!!! 
is a little upset that he was COCK BLOCKED, just when he had her naked  Tomorrow will be awesome, though!
is a little upset... i dont know maybe its my emotions but im feeling really down 2day not like my regular cheerful self... i'll b ok. 
is a little worried as one of my oldest &amp; closest friends in going into hospital for Open heart surgery this afternoon,  x
is a little worried as one of my oldest &amp; closest friends is going into hospital for Open heart surgery this afternoon,  x
is a little worried as one of my oldest &amp; closest friends who is going into hospital for Open heart surgery this afternoon,  x
is a lonely bunny at Amante... 
is a mess....again 
is a miserable sod today 
is a misunderstood bitch 
is a naughty girl and has been neglecting both twitter and you 
is a poorly girl! on my days off!!  but the sun is shining! yey! xx
is a positive person,90% of the time.. but some things  night.
is a retard for ever thinking she had a chance 
is a sad bunny. and all this crying is fucking up my makeup  http://twitpic.com/7riuz
is a sad bunny. and all this crying is fucking up my makeup. my makeup actually looked good today 
is a sad Hope cause she has a sad Mac 
is a sad little tilly 
is a sad panda  not even our awesome in-house technician could fix my ipod
is a self-professed coward, and doesn't want a Tetanus shot. 
is a tad bit upset shes missing her hubbys soccer game 
is a tad tipsy. Wish the bar was still opened 
is a tadd bored 
is a temperature of 37.5 bad? Hmmm 
It's a beautiful day in Orlando.  No rain in the forecast. I want to ride to Lone Cabbage or something.  Must get paperwork done first 
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood....aww R.I.P Mr Rogers 
Its a beautiful day outside, the sun is shining, birds are chirping, bees are buzzing... And I'm at work 
It's a b-e-a-utiful day outside. At work 
It's a beautiful day! Unfortunately I have a sick dog.  Looks like it'll just be me &amp; Sebastian walking today. Biking, laundry &amp; sun time
It's a beautiful day, but i have a crack in my windshield!  http://yfrog.com/6flbyj
Its a beautiful day. so of course im working til sundown 
its a beautiful day...i miss my best friend terribly 
It's a beautiful morning - too bad it has to be spent inside under artificial lighting. 
It's a beautiful morning! A shame I have to work inside all day. 
It's a beautiful nice day and I'm stuck inside! 
It's a beautiful sunny day, first day of the best month of the year.  I'm at work.  
I'm gonna go grab somethin' to eat.................hungry... 
Im gonna go now guys, my Mum is here and I'm in desperate need of a hug  Thank u making me laugh2day, lots of hugs2u xxx xxx
I'm gonna go read Eminem's autobiography and listen to LeATHERMOUTH and pretend I'm totally not still in love with her.   Goodnight.
Im gonna go shopping in a bit!  YAY!!  But terrible weather at the moment 
i'm gonna go to barnes and noble this evening, as usual. except this time i'm broke so i can't buy myself some tay magazines. 
i'm gonna go to bed i think i'm sick! 
i'm gonna go to sleep..u.u nobody answer me  and nobody loves me.. someone can tell me HELLO VALERIA ESTRADA? iÂ´ll be so happy! thanks!
I'm gonna go wash up then watch Twilight... again... only reason why I'm not reading the book at home is fear that I'll finish it 
I'm gonna hate to take Leila back to her mommy today   She's such a sweet baby.
I'm gonna have bruises tomorrow 
I'm gonna have dinner right now.... so late 
I'm gonna have lunch with my family and then.. physics project! YAY -.-' CAN SOMEBODY HELP MEEE? 
Im gonna have to get my sorry sunburnt self to bed i start my summer job tomo at 6 not that ill sleep that is 
im gonna have to give my laptop in soon  i hate it tho so what ever
I'm gonna have to pray myself to sleep tonight! I don't do too well with ghost stories...I hope I don't get nightmares! 
I'm gonna have to pull an all nighter to finish all this shit!! 
Im gonna make a quick @selenagomez vid that she probably wont see 
I'm gonna miss all of my senior friends next year  especially my sister :'&lt;
i'm gonna miss all the live Comet action tomorrow! i have to go take care of my cousins and they don't have access to the interwebz 
Im gonna miss all the seniors 
i'm gonna miss everyone! after tomorrow! 
I'm gonna miss hearing about the boat. My escape from reality b/c right now my reality is sucking big time 
Im gonna miss him more then my doggie  i have had him for wayyyyy longer
is a very sleepy boy  5am starts dont agree with me at all!
is a win-mo twitter app that allows you to see the public timeline and search keywords?  tinytwitter won't allow   anyone?
Is Ã¼bber bummed that she missed wake tonight. 
is Ã¼ber saaaaaaaddddd!!!! (cry) (tears):'((  http://plurk.com/p/119jas
Is aaaaaaahhhhhhhh crapppppp zz 
is abis nangis  http://plurk.com/p/13xhkt
is about 2 savour his last coffee b4 fasting 4 his operation 2moro @ the Shepp Private Hospital @ 7am 
is about a minute away but stuck in traffic.. I hope he didnt come on yet 
Is about to call it quits for another long sad ending day 
Is about to create her own &quot;I dont want to get up&quot; song 
is about to cry... i have tonsillitis, again... it hurts and i gotta get them taken out... 
Is about to embark on this weeks mission of working till 8 everyday  except tuesday when I can chillax.
is about to faint. Just at the climax, my bandwidth exceeded!!! 
Is about to get dinner and wash up 
Is about to get her 2nd cervical cancer injection!!! 
is about to get on the plane to go back to the states 
is about to go for a run.. in this weather.. 
Is about to go see her dentist again  but I just had a really good chat with the bmflaykib so I'm happy ;D he's gay but cool ;) lmao.
is about to go to bed so I can wake up and go job hunting tomorrow 
is about to go to bed with a pounding headache. 
is about to go to bed, yay! Or maybe not 
is about to go to church and has to go to work at 4 today woo woo 
im gonna miss hym...  eventhough we didn't know eachother.. lol.. o well.. moving on.
Im gonna miss Jay Leno... We went to see him last March! @lisaDEFG u missd that one! 
I'm gonna miss kezia, tijey, irene, acha, lucky, brian, sammy 
Im gonna miss Meeks n Galloway 
im gonna miss my best friend.  be safe in utah baby. ill be waiting for you to get yo booty back home!!!!
im gonna miss my bff awww   have a safe trip mwahhhh
im gonna miss my home and my fam   i love Toluca lake i will miss u so much going to Orlando tour with my uncle thxnls fan for all &lt;3
I'm gonna miss out on Open Coffe.  I'm bummed out
I'm gonna miss Shawn when he leaves for the military. He cracks me up. 
I'm gonna miss shifa and rio!! 
I'm gonna miss Sir Chuck's crazy a$$! Why can't the finals be on TnT? 
im gonna miss snl tonight  someonetell me who will be on tonight!!!!!!
im gonna miss some of the seniors 
I'm gonna miss the class of 2009! 
I'm gonna miss the Wimbledon kids running out to cover the lawn. 
i'm gonna miss those dayss 
im gonna miss trini so much when she leaves for the philippines in the morning 
im gonna miss u too!!! ='( omg, im gonna cry SOOOO much when we have to leave. grrr, stupid real life has to ruin everything :/ ...woof! 
Im gonna miss updating my shit 
I'm gonna miss waking up next to my favorite roommate  ... Well  at least it's Friday!!!
I'm gonna miss you honey!  Huhu...
I'm gonna miss you. rest in peace panda bear 
I'm gonna mith @d_yell so much 
I'm gonna need the jaws of life to get my favorite diesel shoes out of the trunk 
I'm gonna need the whole week to recover from this one... 
I'm gonna play Sims 2! I can't play sims 3 because of my video card 
I'm gonna prepare some exams and then I'm gonna sleep.. 
I'm gonna save up money and then go shopping BY MYSELF this week..hope that'll come true..I miss shopping aloooonneee 
I'm gonna say sumtin I prob will neva say again in life,I'm hurt 
Is about to go to school for her maths N3 module. 
is about to go to work 
is about to head out of the A... 
is about to leave for work 
Is about to leave work, and i really want something to do, someone to see or damn somewhere to shop. DAMN, great time 4 a special some1! 
is about to listen to the LAST Football Weekly podcast of the season... damn, how am i gonna get thru the next few months without it?? 
is about to pop into bed in preparation for her 10 day week at work... i dont wanna 
is about to pull a all nighter...still gotta wake up early doe 
Is about to sit the PRINCE2 practitioner exam!  Fingers crossed!
Is about to start a marathon of overtime    but at least it's raining all weekend.
is about to straighten my hair. it's hot outside today! 
is about to tackle the mountain of paperwork that has to be filed somehow - I hate doing paperwork 
is about to tackle this hair to make it look &quot;normal&quot; again. No fun having &quot;black girl hair&quot; when playing in water... 
is about to take a nap. I still didn't find a good thumbnail program for my site 
is about to take his english part 1 regents!! ahhhhh 
is about to take the boys to football training, wish it was raining so I didn't have to go its too cold outside 
is about to watch &quot;The Reader.&quot;  At least I have a pint of &quot;Karmel Sutra&quot; to keep me interested!
I'm gonna spend my 21st alone in Italy this summer. Anyone want to visit? I don't wanna be alone 
I'm gonna start lying and telling people my major was English so they stop asking me why I'm not a reporter. 
im gonna stay up canny late tonight cause its the last night i can until next weekend 
I'm gonna study some &quot;Tirant Lo Blanc&quot; and History,  
im gonna try and study again... 
I'm gonna try my hardest to avoid knowing the Origin score. Fuck WA and its lack of NRL support 
I'm gonna try to ge some sleep  Even though that's impossible without talking to Jess first... I'm still gonna try.
i'm gonna watch a movie  this is sad and not good
im great!.. but sick  so ew lol but mariah think about coming to canada i know theres just as many lambs here!  @MariahCarey
im grounded for 2 weeks 
I'm grounded. I guess that's a sign that my parents want me to get a job. Sucks though, i was making an awesome skin on Furcadia 
im guessing i didnt win 
Im guessing no fireworks tonight. 
I'm guessing that oil is just going to go down today, so I will be 
I'm guilty of that too. Feel bad about that 
im gunna have to join la fitness or something 
its a beutiful day in the neighbor hood! i wish i could watch that show now 
It's a bit lonely in my apartment  i could never live alone. I get lonely too easily.
It's a bit rude that I never do a #followfriday.  Thing is... I don't know that I want to share you sexy people with anyone else 
Its a Blood red half moon. A beatle Landed on my saint christfer medal and i accidentlay ripped it off my neck  bad sign
It's a bloody F*@#!$^ crime to have to be at work in such cold weather. Boo hoo. Wanna go home. 
it's a boy! (sorry if i don't reply to your stuff... i'm never, ever on here.  i feel so bad.)
Its a bright sunny day. Just wish i could play outdoors, but i'm all alone.  
Its a cloudy day  what happened to the clear clear skys?? D:
its a cloudy gloomy day out. 
It's a confusing site 
Its a Courtney is missing @jpno evening 
Its a crappy day in Melbourne, overcast &amp; rainy  Shoulder is sore, but stitches are very itchy more movement 2day. On the road to recovery
Its a Cuddle Day 
Its a damn shame if you cannot attend your close friend's wedding!!!!!! I am goin g to miss one.. 
its a dreary day in nyc... makes me wanna stay indoors... the bad thing is that i just got here a couple hrs ago 
Its a dull start 2 da day, London is ovrcast n shwrs on da way  nice cuppa chai with NDTV unfolding the Indian Politics
It's a gloomy day, these days are boring! I wanted to go shopping 
i'm gutted that its not my prom tomorrow 
I'm gutted. Personal Finance writer Tony Levene is one of the journos taking redundancy at Guardian: http://bit.ly/ZsyFT &gt;one of my faves 
im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead
i'm happy after ive just bin out and brought some new gladiator sandals and a new top! but i need to lose weight for holidays now! 
Im happy to be at camp! But missing my pink lamp! 
I'm happy with my new hair cut but have work tonight 
i'm happy... idk why. 
Im hard at work!   Lonelyandroid ):
I'm hardcore craving some Frosted Flakes 
im hated by every1 there is only that cares a lot about me.idk if that person cares anymore.... 
I'm hating certain people right now because of how they treat their animals. Unfortunately, there might not be much I can do to help. 
i'm hating that i couldnt go on the short road trip to eureka springs with my friends today..... 
i'm hating 'updates' that aren't 'updates'--they should be called 'let's screw around with something that's working fine-dates'. 
I'm hauling a 77,000 lb truck down a mountain (going 40mph). 
I'm have a feeling that i have H1N1... uh oh 
im havin a crap day! arugin with my ex and then my mum and got caught in the rain got on wrong bus  x
I'm havin fun, but I have no rum! 
Is about to watch the guys tear down wats left of her old house 
is absolutely exhausted!  I miss Samson 
is absolutely exhausted. Finally updated RBCM.net with the latest design and categories for the year 2009. Have still 3.5 years to cover! 
is absolutely fed up having every Sunday ruined with lesson planning 
Is absolutely gutted by Nadals withdrawal from Wimby 
is absolutely in so much pain 
is achey.  and has no tea, now.   http://plurk.com/p/11d07q
is across town and missing out on the family meet up at Seven Sisters 
Is actually @GabbaFriends  I fail 
is actually gutted that we couldn't have a top 60 this year. Too many bands so close together and some good friends here have missed out 
Is actually really sad that jon and kate are seperating. 
is actually upset the texas job didnt work out. i was gearing myself up to live down there. 
is addicted to facebook once again.... 
Is addicted to pink and white waffers 
is aduh the sister malaaass  http://plurk.com/p/xbvmt
is afraid of LD. its  thousands milles .. 
is afraid that her G.I. notes will not read themselves. 
is again about to be late at university - seems like the #BVG gives all their drivers a free Saturday. 3rd time had to wait 5 min  #fail
is aggravated and needs to get some sleep soon, otherwise tomorrow is not going to go down well. I hate not being able to sleep 
I'm havin the stupid stomach pain again &amp; again... Today is my outing with SPH frenz &amp; my stomach nvr fails to dissappoint me. Haiz 
I'm having a bad case of the Mondays! Two days is not enough recovery time.. 
im having a bad hair day.....  
I'm having a craving for Nara.  someone, go with me!!
Im having a few drinks with my one and only &lt;3 Im missing my Talhia 
I'm having a great hair and bangs day ;) lol just wait tell I go outside 
I'm having a hard time breathing without needing to cough...and I thought I was feeling better 
i'm having a hard time keeping up.. 
I'm having a headache 
I'm having a headache  My mood becomes worse..
I'm having a headache from drinking all day long... 
I'm having a horrible night  I can't wait to go to bed!
I'm having a low self-esteem day. 
I'm having a major Debbie Downer day. Too much stress 
I'm having a meltdown 
I'm having a mild fever..  It's a good thing though, i get to skip my piano class.. Hahah..
im having a miley nite!!!!!! no sleeping boo 
Im having a mind fart...... all confused, dont like it.............. 
I'm having a munchie attack but i just ate supper not that long ago 
I'm having a Palm Pre envy..... 
i'm having a really bad day at work, i'm so bogged down with work not sure where to start.   
I'm having a really bad day today. Ugh. 
i'm having a REALLY bad day! 
I'm having a really bad day!! 
I'm having a really hard time at the moment, but i remain positive.. for now! OH i just hope that all of this will end soon 
I'm having a sad and down day, everyone has gone to the beach, I'm working  all sympathy, hugs, kisses and fluffy bunnies welcome.
i'm having a supre bad anxiety attack. i'm suppose to be to work in 6 hours. i can't sleep at all. i miss my boyfriend. 
It's a good time to overreact!! (compared to a few days ago similar post) 
it's a gorgeous day for exploring Berlin! Last day here..   can't wait to show everyone photos!
It's a gorgeous day in paradise!  Busy work morning and heading out to a memorial for a friend then back to work. 
It's a gorgeous day outside and Im stuck in revising 
It's a great morning here in Amsterdam, preparing myself for some homework in the weekend 
It's a grey day here today, and my damn phone hasn't arrived.  Doubt if it will till tomorrow now 
Its a grey day in London come back sun all is forgiven 
Its a grey day over Manchester  i would like the sun back please x
It's a holiday but I don't feel that I am having holidays cos I still have way too many stuff to do and I am like a busy bee! 
its a homework all day here for me.  BUT my mom &amp; brothers will be here SOON!
It's a horrible feeling when you want to help someone but you know for a fact theres nothing you can absolutely do 
its a hot sunny day, and i'm on my way to west-north jakarta. yes, the hottest part of jakarta. imagine that people! 
It's a kind of haul. And I was trying to do another haul from stuff from last saterday. But something disturbed me all the time 
its a knockout was alright,bought the toddla t album,look forward to listening,so tired 
It's a lovely amber-orange colour and the beer itself is good but I'm not getting &quot;orange&quot; flavour here. Rickard's White has more orange 
It's a lovely day for the beach or better still the Isles of Scilly, but sadly I am stuck at home 
Its a lovely day sky is clear birds are singing and i'm stuck in an office with on windows for 9 hours 
i'm having an allergic reaction, otherwise it's a yeast infection or std. what is my life 
I'm having an awesome weekend  But my Vid for endushunger won't load to send...even my STudio Suite is being weird 
i'm having an entire day to myself today!!  i'm excited but at the same time will miss my little lyndin  - we're together 24/7.
I'm having an extremely painful experience trying to get an Uncharted Multiplayer  Game  Code 
i'm having crazy thoughts about breaking veg. why am i craving chicken so bad?! 
i'm having doubts about everything  i just need someone who understands. Is that too much to ask for?
I'm having internet issues with my laptop, so i can't get online right now 
I'm having little girl withdrawal.  I wish i could go to her party in July.  
im having migraine.so painful. 
I'm having my final day with my school given laptop. 
im having one of those really difficult days where your mind is a bitch. i miss my ex 
Im having problems with WENB aswell 
im having runny nose, feeling so tired 
I'm having seattle withdrawls 
I'm having second thoughts in singing @heymonday's HYLMN for tml's audition  Bah! Stress! - http://tweet.sg
I'm having such a bad day..feeling so broken , like nothing is worth anything, and it sucks 
Im having such a fat attack 
I'm having such terrible Mountain Dew cravings right now  oi, @feelline, bring me some or i'll cry. Don't think i'm joking, either.
I'm having the sudden urge to read Jane Eyre again, but don't have time 
I'm having the worst allergic reaction to something. 
I'm having the worst night's sleep! Up twice with tinsley and just cleaned up a ceiling flood!!  cant I just stay snuggled in bed?!
I'm having the WORST time falling and staying asleep due to this stupid Thoracic Outlet Syndrome. I need Physical Therapy STAT! 
Im having to throw away stuff from my childhood since my parents are moving 
I'm having trouble adding BlogThis! to my blogger blog. Can't figure what I'm doing wrong. 
i'm having trouble getting out of bed.... i'm so tired  hopefully i don't miss the bus.
I'm having trouble sleeping too    so frustrating!
I'm having trouble with eBay and it's annoying me - it's taking me over 20 minutes to try and up the starting price of my item 
I'm having very strange, suicidal thoughts. Argh this is like, the downest day I've had in a long time. Why why why?! 
I'm having withdrawals!!  Hope I get my fix today...
I'm headed back in my cave. Still feeling sick 
I'm headed to bed. Why do Sundays always have to go so fast? 
I'm headed to church.... My Pastor won't be at church today 
I'm headed to work! 
I'm headin back 2 work ugh! 
I'm heading out of town on Tuesday.  So many tomatoes will ripen while I'm gone   I really should start getting ready.
im hearing simple plan ,  JUMP !
im heart broken 
I'm heartbroken to say that my grandfather passed away yesterday in the morning at 3:30.  I will miss him so much! I love you, Grandpa.
im hella kick back. got my feet up wit my hand behind my head. just chilln. wish i had some weed tho 
im hella mad it was raininq this morninq &amp; now its not &amp; I have my rainBoots on  ima go buy a pair of shoes I don't wana look stupid lol
I'm hella mad!  I lift my &quot;you a jerk&quot; stunnas in @gabriellerae's car. This sun is KILLIN!
i'm hella sick.. im fuckin miserable!!!! ahhhh  i haven't slept..off to skool
I'm here and my tummy hurts 
i'm here and the girls in mcfly 
I'm here at the mall by myself waiting haha... Where are they 
i'm here at the office 
I'm here at the young's. It's my bday. My parents are gone. 
I'm here in the house...all alone...by myself 
I'm here mami.  @BitterSweetzz: I miss my friends 
Im here now and Im happy but... you are not here, and you are not having a good time  Im sorry
I'm here!  It's raining 
I'm here, got here pretty much on time, just not had the energy to go online until now. It's not free either 
I'm here..still unconscious but can at least sense a touch...can't still recognize me 
I'm home 
i'm home after a looooooooong ride back home... Vegas was the shit!!  back to work 2morrow!    Vegas was the shit~!!
I'm home alone again 
im home alone again . 
I'm home alone again tonight 
im home alone omg im scared of the dark... 
im home early, sick with a stupid cold 
im home feeling very coldy, runny nose and streaming eyes.. and no movies to watch.... 
I'm home for the night. I be a bit bored 
I'm home from the #wafflehouse I go back in 7 short hours  to work 2nd shift!
I'm home from two days in Houston for a friend's wedding.  Now I want to get married 
im home guys...but y cant i find my sex and the city channels on this cable? im so disoriented 
I'm home people... Sad part is I still can't rest! Guess where I am... WORK   It's all good, sleep later! I give a speech on Wed., Wi ...
I'm home resting, long day @ work!!! 
I'm home to be sick all day.  I hate it, and I need to be healthy for tomorrow! Coz I've got my math exam then..and I can't do the test..
Im home where i am about 2 drink alone. 
I'm home! I just wanna sleep some more 
I'm home! My baby sisters are already asleep though  And all of the resident animals have been shaved! HAHAHA Lucyy. So exhausted..
im home! very tired! had lots of fun. parents anniversary today- me home alone          taking naps? ha
I'm home!! i'm so happy!! day was so boring!! 6 hours at school!! 
I'M HOME!!! now i have to unpack. 
I'm home, safe and relatively sound. BIG day: dishes/laundry/playing w/ the kiddos. Good to be home! But I miss my &quot;huns&quot;, and NEED music 
i'm home. and a little bit sad... my lappy is in the service center. the batt just conked out on me. i'm getting it back after 3 days. 
I'm home. Just received the most awful news. Notes are not allowed for our HP trivia try-outs. 
I'm home...  I wanna go back to the lake
I'm home... safe. I can't share my crazy morning with TwitterLand because my TwitterTexts are not showing up... 
I'm homeeeeeeeee..... few more hours to Monday 
i'm homeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...for now 
I'm homesick 
im homesiiiick  *sucks teeth* ima TRY to come home tomorrow
I'm hooome  had the best evning with the girls &lt;3 we wouldn't stay out for the night because of the bugs!! iihjjj  but you know, FUN!!
i'm hoooome!!Away from creepy smoke smelling people finally!!! But now i'm all alone at home  I don't like being alone..i'm scared ugh
i'm hooooome..lol and thinking about having a nanna nap..work woke me up at 7.30 to make me come in early  lol
im hoping @paranormalTV is on tv tonight. uk tv sucks.  ryan buell 
I'm hoping I don't get more of this - http://twitpic.com/6c5jp - this coming week 
i'm hoping i'll be able to leave work early today. bummer that it's not a nicer day outside 
Im hoping my babies feel better 1 has fever 1 has a sore throat 
I'm hoping that @SimonBrading is on Premier soon - the music is pretty awful at the moment... 
I'm hoping that the news about Mousavi's arrest turns out to be untrue 
I'm hoping the injections needed for a visit to Egypt can be counted on one hand. Bloody hate needles 
im hoping to find work experience clothes. an also hoping my sore head goes away 
im horny for caramelised red onion and balsamic vinegar crisps!!! .. but dont wanna get dressed and go to tesco 
I'm horribley burnt from sitting outside revising  
I'm horrified when fat girls dress thin.. Omg 
im hot and i have to mow the lawn ugh  sad face
Im hot too 
I'm hot, tired and talked out! yes the latter bit is so true too. 
Im hothothot. :/ how do i sleep 
im human. im clueless. i miss everything 
im hungary and want to go home 
I'm hungerssss! Anyone got food? 
I'm hungover thanks to BlockBEERGirl 
im hungri  &amp;&amp; we have NO food
I'm hungry     I can only eat after the 2:30 ...
I'm hungry  .. I want some Pancakes and Honey !! Yum Yum
I'm hungry  but there's no food here, so ill probably just sleep it off. Wahhh!!
Im hungry  didnt have anything to eat today yet.
I'm hungry  finished with play practice now at Lucian's trying to figure out what to eat! 
I'm hungry  have to eat something...
I'm hungry  my head hurt
i'm hungry  someone bring me sushi! haha
I'm hungry  wife is at a Bodyshop Party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?
I'm hungry  wonder if bw3 is over crowded .
i'm hungry again!  Hate being on a &quot;life style change&quot;  
I'm hungry again...   About to make some burgers. :-p
im hungry and i wanna eatttttt..but every stall has such long queues  - http://tweet.sg
I'm hungry and irritated! 
i'm hungry and mommy isn't hereeeee 
I'm hungry and my fridge is empty 
I'm hungry and the dough isnt rising properly. I believe its retarded. 
I'm hungry and there is no food 
I'm hungry as hell! &amp;there's barely anything in the kitchen  someone come get me &amp; let's go to tacobell!
I'm hungry as hell... Noodles? I guess so 
I'm hungry but I don't want 2 eat 
im hungry but if i eat im going to be more sleepy than i am now 
I'm hungry but my mom is away... 
I'm hungry but there is nothing to eat. 
I'm hungry but waiting for S before I put the dinner on - He's not even phoned yet to say he's on his way home from work! 
I'm hungry 'coz I didn't eat my lunch. Now, I'll be busy doing my home works!! Arghh.. So much for school works today.. 
i'm hungry hahahah  how can i eat, knowing that tomorrow i'll see the kooks? IMPOSSIBLE AHAHAH i'm so excited *-*
I'm hungry I want some popeyes 
I'm hungry nd I miss my man...  @YOUNGandBLESSED when did u switch schools nigga? Nd whas really good? Lol..
im hungry thas all  @MriLLesTFresH
im hungry! but its 3!  I WOULD LOVE SOME K'ICHE RIGHT NOW! or some hot polenta.
I'm hungry!!  no food yet.
Im hungry!! Aghh  feed me.
i'm hungry!!! :| whr do i go for lunch today??? 
I'm Hungry, All I've Had Today Was Some Cheese Fries. Damn These Teeth  This Motrin Really Doesn't Work. My Mom Gave Me Something Though
I'm hungry, and I'm going to need to go shopping. Argh, that requires effort 
I'm hungry, and my lunch is at home in the fridge 
i'm hungry, but i'm too tired and my mouth is too sore anyway. fail. 
im hungry, but my dad's asleep  and i dont wanna go to the Chinese place, but dad's ben nagging abut if since forever  SOMEONE RESCUE ME
I'm hungry, but there's an evil person upstairs so I'm stuck in the basement eating m&amp;m's 
I'm hungry, but there's nothing really to eat here at home 
I'm hungry, I want to go out and get something...but its too late and dangerous!! 
I'm hungry, isn't that DD open yet? 
Im Hungry, Tired &amp; just blah.. but my doggie is getting groomed! How complicated! 
im hungry. but i dont know what i want to eat 
Im hungry. But i forgot my pear at home... 
I'm hungry. But too lazy to get out of bed. Roar roar roar says my tummy 
I'm hungry. GAAAAAAAAH. No freaking dinner ...yes I'm sorry I'm still complaining 
I'm hungry. I need food. 
I'm hungry. I pooped all those 7 plates of sushi I ate 
I'm hungry. I should go have some breakfast. 
I'm hungry. There is no food. 
I'm hungry. We didn't get our ten minute break in class 
im hungry...  any idears on wat to eat?
I'm hungry... I want pizza.. I fell in loveee with the PIZZA girrrrl now' I eat pizza errday... Yuuuup. Man, I miss my bestfriend 
I'm hungry... someone ate ALL the food and mom made Spanish Spaghetti 
i'm hungry...and Fiona Apple singing Paper Bag through my iPod is not helping 
Im hungry..dnt know what to eat 
Im hungry.And feel like taking a nap.  Somebody feed me.
Im hungry.Im tired.Im hurt.Im mad.Im sad....Im alot of emotions! Well being hungry isnt an emotion... But yeah. i need @shawnasays 
I'm hungryy ... but cant be fxcked to go downstairs 
I'm hungryy..I woke up too late for breakfast 
I'm hurt that the @atrak show on 7/18 is 21+  That's some bull yo!
Im hurt..  Seregon Gig  = Awesome mosh/hurtness
I'm hurt... I wonder why I try sometimes.  One day I'll learn... Night.
im hurtin so much i cant stop cryin 
I'm hurting everywhere  Ahhh I love GARBO!
I'm hyper and I have a headache. 
its a lovely summer day and im stuck inside working  oh well at least i got some early tanning in this morning!
It's a monday, and i realized on the drive to school this morning that i got a stain on the new fedora 
It's a Monday.    ...I need The Doctor to come and make it better!
Its a monday. Let the craziness begin. I miss my BFF already 
It's a new day and I couldn't be feeling better. I'm in a very good place right now and I don't want this feeling to end 
It's a new morning pulled back the curtains sunshining, birds tweeting and I'm stuck inside working  !
Its a nice day out. To bad I'm stuck at work   go live up today enough for the both of us!
Its a nice day outside but I don't want to go outside. 
it's a nice day outside. too bad i'm at home sitting here 
It's a nice sunny day here. I want to do something so bad but I'm kinda sick! 
It's a nice warm, sunny day, but I have hayfever and a plugged ear 
Its a perfect saturday morning. The sun is shinning, the birds are singing.... and I am catching up on admin 
It's a poopy day 
it's a Potbelly's kind of day.....too bad I'm trying to be good and cant have a milkshake 
its a pretty day and im listening to modest rat but working 
It's a rainy May Day 
It's a rainy morning. 
It's a rainy rainy day. I can't wear my cute new sunglasses. 
It's a rainy Saturday, doesn't matter I'm going to work anyway. 
it's a rainy sunday 
Its a real shame that its not nice and sunny outside, it would of been nice to have another BBQ  NVM.... 
its a relly boring day   nony i misse u :&quot;(
I'm ignoring @rrunyan this morning because it's Sunday and that's his weigh-in day...and he didn't do well this week.  
I'm ill  .. I hate being ill. I wanna meet my friends ..
I'm ill  HAVE to stay at home...
Im ill  i hope im better for my birthday on wednesday
i'm ill  sitting at home is so boring.
im ill 2day.    
I'm ill and working 
I'm ill at home trying not to be sick...  To take my mind off of my illness I'm EDITING! Duuh...
i'm ill, cheer me the fuck up 
I'm ill, so I can't go out today 
I'm ill. It sucks! 
I'm ill..  I think I've got the flu.
I'm in a bad mood 
i'm in a bad mood because i know i won't be able to sleep. this room is like a sauna 
I'm in a bit of pain. Bike ride gone bad 
I'm in a hate-loathe relationship w/ my upstairs neighbors. 
I'm in a livechat with both Michele and Megan but they are being jerks and making fun of me. 
I'm in a paking lot otherwise known as the 405 on friday... Bummed 
I'm in a pub garden,  its boiling,  hannah no likey,  
I'm in a really bad mood and I just can't seem to snap out of it! Argh! It's such a pain in the arse! 
I'm in a room. Surrounded by cake. Which i'm not allowed to eat. This is harder than it sounds!! 
im in a rut 
im in a sad mood  this is my 1000th update by the way...just thought id throw that one out there.
i'm in a terrible mood 
I'm in a terrible mood right now.  Too much happening at once.
I'm in a terrible mood. It feels like my friends don't like me anymore, and summer is just going to suck. 
I'm in a very bad mood  I'll go now. Hopefully tomorrow will be much better.
im in a wierd mood , and i feel like going to the beach but theres no close beach at my new house 
It's a sad day - When the rootbeer runs out.  http://tumblr.com/xjp22qua7
It's a sad day for Gaia. They sold out. 
its a sad day for us all.. R.I.P. Mike Honcho aka Meka One  (via @12thplanet)
Its a sad day in paradise 
It's a sad day when humans can't get along with elves 
Its a sad day when you are out clubbing and you r still home before the parents lol 
It's a sad day when your roomates dog finds a way to display your womanly issues all over their bedroom floor 
It's a sad picture. The final blow hits ya. Somebody else gets what you wanted again. 
It's a sad sad morning. 
it's a sad time 
its a shame she is going to lose 
it's a side effect of all the blow.  
its a side fringe,and i can see my temple.i'm never letting anyone else cut my hair ever again. 
Its a smokefest out here tho, only downside...yuck 
it's a struggle to get out of a WARM bed when the rest of the house is FREEZING!!!!  and it's JUNE!!!   soooo wrong...
its a sunny day today yay =] but still cold 
it's a torture to know that there's durians in my fridge but yet i can't savour it. 
It's a very nice night tonight in Dallas, it's too bad I'm super tired and all I want to do is go to bed 
it's a very odd feeling day today, knowing that i won't see @thesandman27's bright and shining face. 
It's a very sad day today. My 7-yr old Pomeranian, Roxy, died today 
its a warm night here in cali. pity that there is no one to share this great night with... emo status  haha
it's a week of finales! Last episode of The Tudors tonight at 11pm on HBO &amp; the final episodes of True Blood on MAX this Thursday at 9pm. 
It's a windy and rainy day 
Its a year today that mum was diagnosed with Cancer 
it's about 3:40 am in Germany! just got home...missed DJ Sami that's bad   had got some chief meeting from 0:30 am to 3 am ;-)
It's about 75 degrees. Today will be a perfect day. Yeah. But I'm still sleepy. 
I'm in a world of pain today 
Im in alot of pain  i pulled a muscle in my back!
im in bed i feel really sick i jus wnt to sleep 
I'm in bed watching not so good movie. *Lame 
I'm in bed...but I can't sleep. I think I'm going crazy. Ahhh. 
I'm in big trouble, if i fail 3 subjects i will stay down! i already failed 2!!!! 
I'm in BIG trouble... Shouldn't have put my trust in men 
I'm in boring ass Valdosta so there isn't much to do!  @dirtyred38
Im in class i dont feel good at all  and i have to write an essay later
I'm in class right now 
I'm in class! Political science.. 
im in court  
I'm in denial that I start work again on Monday. 
I'm in earlyâ€¦ and am about to force myself to go to bed- I'm sad I didn't see @dragonballb  idk if I'm coming home tomorrowâ€¦ so maybe 2m?!
I'm in Eugene...... Cleaning 
I'm in front of computer  again.
I'm in Gold Coast eating dinner by myself. 
i'm in graphic design. last class of the year 
I'm in LA trick! How come no one loves me? I'm in LAX and my fam hasn't even left the house 70+ miles away. 
I'm in limbo and I'm beginning to wonder if I should even care or waste my time 
I'm in limbo with Twitter.....damn it! 
I'm in line for the new iPhone. I'm such a geek. There's about 100 people here.... fun 
It's about dead  http://twitpic.com/6sy0o
it's about rain here, or it's just plain cloudy. i don't know which... 
Its about that time for lunch...and i have only 3 dollars. 
it's about that time... To look for a new camera!  congradulations winner to the last camera that got stollen! Have fun!
its about to be a loooong day 
It's about to rain  Going to the gym
its about to start storming outside.... 
Its about to start thundering &amp; everyone is sleep around me...Briana &amp; Candace are snoring...@MaceoRiChard is sleep too  ugh....
It's absolutely beautiful outside. wish i was out in it 
It's absolutely gorgeous outside and I am stuck inside. 
It's absolutely pouring down outside... no chance of heading out to enjoy nature on Yule...  So tea and the internet it is!
its actual p!ssing down with rain in edinburgh! 
It's actually amazing that the fashion world and all its extravagance can peacefully exist essentially unaffected while Iran is a warzone 
it's after 1 am!  why cant i sleep! 
its after 12 an man is texting me telling me that he wants to come over.i say i'm tired..lol..da punk says he'll bring me redbull and KFC 
it's all about Marigold at the moment 
it's all coold naw 
its all done 
IT'S ALL FUN AND GAMES UNTIL MY NEIGHBOR DECIDES TO TURN OFF HIS ROUTER AT MIDNIGHT 
it's all good. i feel bad for blocking those people  but idk who they are sooo..is it okay that i did that?
i'm in loooove with a guy who live in an other country ! i don't know what to do ! 
I'm in looove with a fairytale even though it hurts 
i'm in love with @Leonardino12 's rount dounut like cookies he makes!!and i'm still sick.i g2g 2 a stupid medical tomz and missing school 
I'm in love with @xxcomaliesxx but he's gay  I wish he would go straight and b with me ...
I'm in love with a fairy-taleeeeeee. I cant stop singing it  helpppppppp
I'm in love with a stripper 
Im in Love with Guys i cant have 
I'm in love with snickerdoodle cookie from whole foods we see each other almost every day. I'm going to turn into a fat ass 
Im in love with someone i cant have 
Im in love... But he's only 17 he cant b on the show   ((
Im in math nw  I hate it and cnt do it. I want my baby, xoxox
I'm in my bed super sick  and its super nice outside
I'm in my own freaking world right now... My mind is so gone 
im in my room, quite bored, actually, my head really hurts bad. I had some YUMMY taco bell on the way home..  I miss my Kylie and Ashlyn!
I'm in need of a cat. I wish I never had to give my old one away  stupid cat hater ex roommate
I'm in need of some TLC 
I'm in Neiman Marcus exhausting myself on this disgusting nasty day with my mother, after I was punked at the Jaguar dealership. Thx dad. 
im in one of those moods when everything just feels sshiiiiite! 
i'm in paaaaaaaaaaaaaaain 
im in pain with my knee. 
Im in pain!!! 
It's all over  We'll get do tmr. - J
its all over, Download that is,  on my way home,  work tomorrow. 
Its all over. Chicken little has graduated! Awww. @theredcliche 50 percent cheese? Weird. Bacon? 
It's all packed up and over at PB.  But a really good weekend.
It's all piling on at work :/ So much to do, not enough hands/time 
it's all rainy &amp; cold  i'm eating dinner while feeling sorry 4 my dogs
It's all rainy and gloomy out.. Just how I feel inside 
It's all very well to have a 'tidy up session' at home, but you can never find anything you want afterwards 
It's almost 10pm...still waiting at Bunda...it's been 5 hrs...  capeeek...
Its almost 11 and i cant fall asleep  .:*peachy*:.
It's almost 11 and I just woke up 
It's almost 12? 
It's almost 1am and I'm not that tired. 
It's almost 2 and I don't wanna gooooo  *sob*
It's almost 4 am.  That can only mean one thing: time for bed! Just over three days till Xander leaves for the UK.  
It's almost 7:30 in baghdad. 
It's almost a week since I've been back but I feel like I got home yesterday. 
its almost been a week since you left 
It's almost like a stab to the heart. DAMN YOU! 
Its almost Monday... MAN! 
It's almost my b-day &amp; I'm so NOT excited. y? 
It's almost over. no one cared last night. 
Its almost summer, and where I am, it is cloudy and very wet outside  That is not summer weather
its almost summer.. but before that.. need to tackle 1 final and LOTS of final projects for design 
Its almost sunday night!!! WHERE HAS THIS WEEKEND GONE???!!??? Hate when time flies fast!! 
It's almost the weekend for me. Even though I'm coming in on one of my days off 
I'm in paris, Quincy landed safely in boston. I miss him already. 
I'm in phys lab just loafing around with jenna, lauren, and laura! I need a serious nap when I get home! 
I'm in school and it sucks 
I'm in science DISSECTING A FROG! 
im in serious need of medication!!!!!!!!! 
Im in shoes 
Im in so much pain that im not even hungry 
I'm in so much pain! 
im in so much pain!!!  now i have a fear if the dentist...lol but im having a peice of cake so i think il be okay ;)
i'm in so much pain, and ibuprofen has just been making me feel sick. 
Im in so much pain...this sucks. 
I'm in soooo much pain, my jaw is achin so much 
i'm in such a bittersweet mood. i need cheering up, srsly 
I'm in tantra, anyone from kirki will know how sad this is, I'm drowning my sorrows ;) 
I'm in tequila Jalisco. surrounded by alcohol and I can't have any cos I'm sick 
I'm in the car on the way home from Richmond and ''Gay Bar'' just came on #he radio and no one is awake to appreciate this with me 
I'm in the city too but not going to see you 
I'm in the mood for a coke float.  Two ingredients... coke and ice cream... I have neither 
I'm in the mood for a cup of coffee, some damn fine cherry pie and watching some twin peaks, but I don't have any of this 
I'm in the mood for fish and chips for supper! Haven't had any for well over a year 
i'm in the mood for some pancakes from ihop. too bad my breakfast buddy ain't here 
Im in the passenger seat 
im in the regina palace where not only the name but also internet rates are royal 
im in the room with my sis and being bored and theres nuthing to do and were home alone and its late i miss my momma 
I'm in the Shadow Temple.  SAD FACE 
I'm in the shits for exams next week. I need to learn my german oral so bad... need to revise for chemistry so bad... 
I'm in this world alone unless I see your face. 
i'm in time out.  
I'm in too deep to be able to get out. 
Im in town when the CMA's are in town for once!! Im just not in the arena.  lol
I'm in traffic: 2 flags  I'm on a roller coaster: 6 flags!!!!!! MORE FLAGS MORE FUN!!!!!!!!
IM in vacation cause we all can catch the GRIPE PORCINA...soo sad i cant hang out... 
I'm in Vermont. Lots of trees and hills. Oh and only Edge network so far. 
I'm in withdrawal, cold turkey; it hurts 
im in work AGAIN cant wait to go home , still feel funny from my migraine i had last night !! 
I'm increasingly of the opinion that knock-on effects of source control integration for VS2008 costs my employer about 5% of my time... 
Im insanely frustrated.  my mom pretty much just backed out on helping me do my baby shower. Aaaah. Yet another road block....
Im internetless and forgot my phone so now Im .Phoneless..thats just great 
I'm intoxicated yet still alone must be fugly  i give up tryin
im irritated that i wake up grumpy sometimes for no reason and get into fights with people i dont want to. 
I'm irritated..... As always..... When I get off of a flight..... It didn't help that the turbulance were crazy.  I need a nap...
I'm is a bad mood all thanks to the love of my life.... I'd rather be at the playboy casting calls!! 
I'm itching to spin but it's too hot and I have actual work to do 
I'm jealous of everyone graduating this semester  It feels like i'll never get there
I'm jealous of everyone who got to watch @davidarchie and david cook's concert!!! 
I'm jealous of everyone who has played/is playing Sims 3... Mine won't get here till later this week 
I'm jealous of her 
I'm jealous of my dad.  Blur, Madness, Bruce Springsteen, The Specials, Lady Gaga, Jason Mraz, The Puppini Sisters - FREE. 
im jealous of my sister. she's in manc seeing oasis! 
im jealous, it's not raining here 
I'm jealous.these pictures are cuter than me  //I went looking for a nice spot to hide and I discovered a clan of dustballs.Making friends
i'm jobless and have $13 in my bank account 
It's already 10?  Where did the time go? 
its already 11:40 
it's already 12....half the days over already 
It's already 2 and i cant sleep. i have to get ready by 8 for school 
it's already 2:22 am here, I need to sleep now for tomorrow's worship. I'm still sick  Pls pray for me.
its' already done - for de-briefing - not interested in publication - too many memories - big bad black ugly ones 
Its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!
its already midnight. I still have to do laundry and get packing for the afternoon flight to Orlando 
It's alright passed 4 hours and I'm still not done with one.  Gonna take a short break before continue...
It's also so scary that our supermarket was robbed, hmm! 
Its also tooooooo early to be so hot  damn you a/c, why won't you work????
It's always a good morning when I start off the day at the Peak Freans factory, though no bourbon cremes this AM  .
It's always fun doing two days worth of work in one day... especially on a Friday 
It's always so cold in the lab 
It's always the same old story  hm..
it's always work sunday 
It's amazing how quickly things change, I'm now being beaten by 55. 
I'm jonesing so hard for the ocean.  I don't know how I can continue living this far from it.  
Im Juku Twinn, even though Im not going 
im jus at home  i wanna do sumthimngg
im just a girl, im not that special. you dont need to say like those words. they are just making me so sad  i dont want them.
I'm just a sick pup today; my throat &amp; ears are in crazy pain 
Im just about to start work while worrying about my wee boy being sick 
I'm just attempting to sign on via a mobile device...unfortunately it's a palm Treo 
im just back from armin van buuren's event it was freakin awesome but the scary thing is that i saw more than 10 ppl dying of overdose 
Im just chilling on psp and stuff, but sitting on pc now, also watching wimledon, getting ready for holiday @WhiteTigerNora Ahh poor you 
I'm just feeling so damn blah today.  I hate it.
im just getting sick of 10th..... boards naa ho gaye yaar koi pahar todna hai kya??  
I'm just gone. then learn a little bit and then sleep. tomorrow last day at school 
I'm just having my morning frappe. Have to work tonight  Well I guess I'll be fine.
I'm just helping Sam deal with life on the road. He misses his mom 
Its amazing that u think someone can truly hate you for something u never knew u did when in fact they may have never remembered who u r 
its amazing what a bonehead I  am sometimes. I need to start paying attention I think. 
It's annoying clicking, &quot;Mooch this book!&quot; and having #bookmooch  tell me that the one available copy isn't actually available 
Its annoying to change your seat in the office every now and then. But can't help. 
it's another boring day. 
Its another great day! I hope Lexie feels better soon 
It's another monday...yay for me 
Its anova lovely day outside n am gonna b stuck in college till 1 boooooo wish i didn't need to go in  xx
It's apparent that @theycallmeTAP doesn't want me here in twitterville 
ITS APRIL! STOP SNOWING!!! 
it's as if I'm at the party.. listening to all the drama, hahahaha, but at the same time 
it's awesome when everybody cancels our plans at the last minute 
It's back 2 work....the week I always dread   It'll be better next week though. Have a good day!
It's back to being cold again.. 
Its back to work for me tomorrow...will be missing Rayyan too much 
I'm just not in a good mood today. 
im just not sure what to do sometimes... 
I'm just relaxing at home its sunday.  shit!  school tomorrow :@:@:@ well im getting tonight far cry so yeah!!
I'm just sad I might have to miss a friend's ordination to the priesthood tonight. 
I'm just saying, we all USED to agree that he sucked monkey balls, but, opinions have changed because of his recent &quot;success&quot;. Whatever. 
im just so sad 
im just sOoO bOored  mmm..!!! OMG..!! i think ii loOve u..!! XD
I'm just soooo disappointed @Built4dTough .... I told u that u were funny actin 
I'm just still sooooo pissed.. lost my phone friday afternoon somewhere on way to work. NO CLUE WHERE IT COULD BE... 
I'm just thrilled to be working the WHOLE long weekend....boooooo 
I'm just tired ....I wanna be in London or NY ... but Im in Ccs ... Suck 
I'm just to far from where you are, I wanna go home... 
im just too far from where you are. I miss you 
I'm just trying to write CIL I can't think of anything ARGHHH 
I'm just up. So much to do today, and then I have to LEARN Chemistry, module tomorrow. 
i'm just wondering when my hair will get that bit of longer. 
I'm keeping that beard forever. 
I'm kind of bummed... I was suppose to be called to reschedule a job interview but the guy never did get in touch with me 
I'm kind of disappointed with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. The book is not true to the Loony Toons episode. 
i'm kind of jealous of everyone else getting to go and see transformers 2 tonight. 
Im kind of sad my birthday is over and @therealpickler didnt wish me happy birthday 
i'm kind of sad that its 8 am in long beach....and the sun is MIA 
i'm kind of scared that i am going to be working open to close all weekend long since my co-worker is sick 
I'm kinda a little confuseddd.. :S 
I'm Kinda Bored  Like Really tho
i'm kinda bored....wish i knew where mel was 
i'm kinda bummed it never rained today 
I'm kinda getting sick of the Ghostbuster game now 
I'm kinda heart brOken right nOw. we've said goodbye sO many times cOuld this actually be the final one? 
I'm kinda hyper but really sweaty...gross 
I'm kinda jealous that my boyfriend gets to have a summer, doesn't have to wake up early, or has to go to work ...  not fair at all
i'm kinda loosing my appetite  right now.. idn know why 
im kinda not in the best of moods right now! 
I'm kinda of tired, I miss my frinds 
I'm kinda sad  lots of things going on right now...feels like I can never do ANYTHING right...grr me!! :/
I'm kinda sad about Ed McMahon. I was so sure we'd meet someday when he brought me a check. 
I'm kinda sad that &quot;Little Ashes&quot; is not showing anywhere near where I live.  What's the deal?? 
im kinda sad that da vinci code sucked(
I'm kinda sad.  I never got my chocolate milkshake today. 
Im kinda said Ray J's show is over 
I'm kinda wanting wtcc to notice i exist 
I'm kinf of depressed that I didn't go to Anime Next... 
i'm kissing the lipless... 
I'm knackered and it's only 9.20 
I'm late foe work and I don't know what to wear. 
I'm Layin in bed. It's to damn hot outside to do nething. Ugh. It's awful. I need a pool. 
I'm Layin on camp bed in hospital cya my tashie is very poorly in hdu 
I'm laying down on the bed, thinking about past, present, future. Future excites me. Present bores me, and the past saddens me 
I'm laying on a matress, in my room, eating pasta. Should start revising, tomorrow? hmmm.... I'm going to fail 
Im learnin the splits again!! FUN!! I miss feeling my thighs stretched out  [dont think nasty thoughts... u whores]
im learning that AI is very difficult to use 
i'm leaving for my cross-country road trip in the morning and i'm already missing my bean girls! 
I'm leaving for Pittsburgh  My cousins and me are making birthday cards for Kyle and Kord and Hannah
I'm leaving for wildwood at like 4 in the morning...I live like 2 fucking hours away! Why do I have to get up early...? 
i'm leaving msp and don't know anyone at the high school 
I'm leaving now!... no twitter until 4pm    I so don't want to go! I'm totally unconcious to do my math test..
Im leaving Singapore.  4 more hours till im in Bangladesh. I miss California.
I'm leaving tomorrow. - I wonâ€™t be on tumblr at least as much as I want to  the plane is leaving at 3pm... http://tumblr.com/x7v1xg5k8
I'm less sad about losing the nearly-done sock than I am about not being able to make a full pair of socks out of the yarn I have left 
I'm letting @techathead play Halo on my a/c and am thinking this may be a mistake...sad 
i'm like about to cry. my ankle is in excruciating pain right now and i don't know why 
i'm like anxious about the rest of the year. moving to kansas makes me feel like i'm starting part of my life over 
Im like bored..... watching sililent witness lis to breathe no more Evanescence learning it on keyboard at skol its so sad 
im like surprised you know cuz singapore's h1n1 cases have reached 77 and 24 mire could close down me school 
I'm like totally breaking out in zits. 
I'm like... starving. I haven't eaten anything since dinner  i'm one of those people that has 7 meals a day lol.
I'm limping from Suntec to the mrt at city hall. My right foot hurts like hell. 
I'm listen to Sade. My desk is full with work  Alte Liebe goes on...
It's bad enough people make fake celebrity accounts, but faking celeb family members is borderline terrifying. 
IT'S BARQ'S ROOT BEER? ALL MY LIFE I'VE BEEN THINKING BANGS.... kind of ambiguous don't you think  http://bit.ly/QCr8n
its beach weather and im stuck in an office workin 
Its beautiful outside and I'm stuck inside working 
It's bed time. Lovely day except my prom date dumped me  hopefully 2moro will be better...nite
it's bedtime! i probably have to work the full 12 hours tomorrow. 
it's been  a long time,,i was swamped with exams  and i can really use your support guys,,wish  me luck^^
it's been 16 days and still now word from my missing son 
it's been 2 days since i've been on. so sad lauren is leaving The Hills! 
it's been 24 hours without my mom for the second time in less than a month &amp; already miss her 
It's been 3 days I tweeted.  But that's too for a Good cause. I am Building a new site. So bit Busy.
It's been 3 days since I've heard from my boyfriend. I wish @Paula_Deen was my mother. I know she'd make me some fried comfort food. 
It's been 3 weeks since I bought a pair of shoes... The girls in my closet are getting lonely 
it's been 4 months without concerts 
its been 5 hrs already and shee still got more to go.....superIMPATIENT 
It's been 5 years since my friend was killed by a hit and run driver. Miss her. 
its been a boring day not hanging out with @chelseachase @topherharbor &amp; @blackstoneghost 
it's been a crazy summer.  can't wait to move to CHICAGO in a month or so.  I really hope the loans go through... no money=no school.  
It's been a good day  .. flights are booked,1 exam left, im alive.. just can't ask about my 18th yet   wanna know all the details. Now!
It's been a long day at work, and my hair is a mess. i don't think Cute Coworker Guy is interested. 
Its been a long day twitterbabies! My BB died..lol... Pissed... So I cudnt bb msg or tweet all day  I'm bk bt again wrk in the am! So....
It's been a long day. 8 hours working in a kitchen  8 more tomorrow too  however @haileydarge did help me afford GH:Metallica!
It's been a long night . The show was amazing...and I just noticed the last show is tomorrow  noo! I'm gunna miss you all!
It's been a long time since I had dinner with j j, so I had plans with him today , but mom called tabene O itold her I can't akhaf tz3l 
it's been a long time sinced i tweet  but, Hopefully! I ad the chance to twet again yey! Haha! 
its been a long time! i bet he's not in to 'that' anymore  huh http://myloc.me/4CpK
It's been a longggg day going to bed. Up at 6:30 for school  ttyl xo
It's been a longggg day. Leaving for Texas in the morning, gotta say bye bye to Husband  only 4 1/2 months though!
Its been a loooooooong day .. still working 
its been a lovely sunny day &amp; i've been stuck in meetings all day just got home &amp; find out that ricki looks like he's leaving the blues 
It's been a month since I last had a conversation with my Nana. I can't even tell you what I've done in that month. It's all a blur 
It's been a shitty couple of days for me  Litterally
It's been a while I haven't posted a message on twiix  Reason being I'm busy at work and I'm working on a new twiix functionality.
Its been a while since I watched regular programming with the playoffs going on - Never again on a Tuesday night... Reality TV Marathon! 
i'm listening butterfly fly away  daddy i lov u mamma i lov ya
I'm listening to &quot;Ready To Fall&quot; by Joey Fatone. He has a beautiful voice. I wish he would have sang more in NSYNC. 
I'm listening to @ThisIsRobThomas on @979WNCI sooooo sad that I didn't win passes to the M&amp;G breakfast!! 
I'm listening to cops and firefighters outside. Ugh what happened 
i'm listening to sheryl crow's god bless this mess , jeez this song got crying like a baby  , god bless you sheryl!
I'm listening to some emo emo song calll running awayy. Should I run away? 
Im literally getting gray hairs  Thank god ill be working outside in the sun all summer...
im little down today for numerous reasons   ......
I'm lolling at this! It best not be true 
i'm loneeeeeeelllllyyyyyy  would be nice to have a boy to cuddle up to right now.
im loneley. 
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Baltimore - Maryland
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Charlotte - North Carolina
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Decatur - Alabama
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Denver - Colorado
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Houston - Texas
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Jackson - Mississippi
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Minneapolis - Minnesota
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Pittsburgh - Pennsylvania
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Richmond - Virginia
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Salt Lake City - Utah
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Springfield - Massachusetts
im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, Yakima - Washington
im lonely  watching the beautiful moon....and listening to &quot;the best day&quot; i cried listening to it im such a dork!
I'm lonely today 
I'm lonely without @up2themic   http://twitpic.com/7sdy2
I'm lonely!!    Ladies and gentleman...if u have someone in ur life, be blessed!!!
im longing for a movie night out 
im lonley 
im looking at my pics and video from tonight, and im sad its over 
Im looking for a guy named Francis :|  :&quot;&gt;
I'm looking for a happy place amidst the chaos that will happen in... 1... 2... weeks. 
I'm looking for a solution for my MSN messenger, can't really seem to find any. I guess I'm gonna have to stick with Digsby for a while. 
I'M looking for my cat my hub let it out lass night   not cool live and Los Angeles  the dog's  will get hem
I'm looking for people from San Francisco, but I couldn't find any body yet. 
I'm looking for something to do. Plans for the evening fell through. 
I'm looking forward to a fun night with the PCETers, last time  xx
I'm looking forward to getting Super Jeep back from her upgrades.  Unfortunately the damn shop hasn't called me yet with a status update. 
I'm looking forward to Queens tomorrow too, Andy Murray and Andy Roddick top seeds &lt;3 I'll miss the final though 
I'm looking forward to sat. Very. Though time will pass very fast after that  - http://tweet.sg
it's been a while-i'm back! studying 
It's been a wonderful 24 hrs with the family...gonna be extra hard to drive back after a weekend like this 
it's been a year since the MV Princess of the Stars tragedy 
It's been a year today since my teacher Mrs. Good died  In Loving Memory Of Mrs. Good
its been a year today that i had my dog, Fred put down    
Its been almost 2yrs since i used #Delphi for web development, need at least 3 ful days to get reoriented 
it's been almost 8 years i haven't go to LA. i miss my cousins out there 
Its been almost a month since my birthay an yet no word from you! I dont know y I trusted u an let u in my life! Knew this would happen! 
Its been almost three weeks 
It's been an awful week but things are looking up... I'm really gonna miss Adam though 
it's been another beautiful day here in Denver! only one more full day here: getting sad 
It's been another really crazy week...heading to TN in a few hours...be back Saturday evening...not a fun trip all the way around 
Its been hot today, Up at 5 to get to school and teach, on arrival I discover they had cancelled my classes! Pity my office never said 
It's been jst 1 1/2 yr &amp; w'r feelng so sad;wht 'labour lost' it must feel whn childrn let dwn parents aft 25-30yrs.I dnt dare plan kids 
It's been like 9 hours and the Ready to be New Again documentary STILL hasn't loaded. Ugh, I give up. I'll never be able to watch it. 
It's been made very clear 2 me the my bberry HATES me! It's refusal 2 charge is a clear indication that our love affair is ending  fml
Its been on Of like 4 mind and it's melting my leg 
It's been one of THOSE days  http://tinyurl.com/l86593
It's been over 7 hours and my iPhone is still not activated. 
its been over a month since last wa update 
its been pouring all day, this does not feel like summer vacation...uhh having a really bad day 
It's been pretty tough and expensive weekend, glad it's over 
It's been raining all day, where did the good weather go? i want it back 
It's been raining all morning 
It's been raining since last night straight. I didn't know that was possible. Makes me just wanna stay in the house all night. 
its been raining so long it smells like mildew or some shit outside 
It's been so disappointing so far 
Its been so lonely the last couple of days... I mis my fifa buddy's 
I'm looking more and more like a spammer on here 
I'm looking outside from these tiny windows and it's so beautiful outside and I'm stuck here till 9 pm  I'm so depressed now :'(
I'm looking so forward to the holidays!! Only 3 days!! &lt;33 But Tink won't be there the 1st 3 weeks!! 
I'm looking through some properties in this place called Hartamas, Malaysia. God, I wish I have enough money...  I'd have a great design!
i'm looking up a TON of spanish words 
I'm loosing hope in being able to talk to him before sunday  and I really need his help..
im loosing my voice, hope i dont have to cancel my tour 
im loosing my voice. 
i'm loosing you 
im losin followerssssss 
I'm losing everything  i'm crying so hard right now, fuck it.
im losing faith in our ability to get #peterfacinelli to 500k...that follower counter is still not working! it fluxuates too much 
Im losing followers 
i'm losing followers 
I'm losing followers lol 
I'm losing him.  I don't wanna. I'm losing her.  I don't wanna.  I'm losing myself. &quot;cry your little eyes out you whore.&quot; &quot;Ok.&quot;
im losing it.. so you think you can dance doesnt come on till tomorrow  oh well..
I'm losing my appetite  http://myloc.me/3THx
I'm losing my cuddle partner tonight  gonna miss Mr. Linus.
I'm losing my twitter buddies. 
Im losing my voice 
I'm losing my voice 
i'm losing my voice  off to get my hair did.
im losing my voice and cant make a vid for my new youtubee  sorry guys
I'm losing my voice.... 
i'm losing the will to read ... my book is awful 
I'm losing weight 
I'm lost can't find my friend 
Im lost driving home from my cousins birthday party and she wont answer her phone i feel like crying 
I'm lost in richmond park please someone help me! 
Im lost without my facebook but refuse to go rejoin just yet..im becoming a recluse coz life is shit 
im lost without the everyone link  how do i know random things twitter u need to fix that
I'm lost.  And I have absolutely no idea where I'm going.  And I can't stop crying.  I want my puppy right now.  
I'm loving how I haven't gained any followers since yesterday  lol
it's been so nice all day, and now it looks like it's going to rain...just when i was getting excited about taking photos when i get home 
It's been such a gloomy day non stop rain and it just got gloomier cuz my parents won't let me to go the transformers premier tonight 
Its been sunny all week when I haven't been able to enjoy it, the weekend comes and it's a really horrible day 
It's been three weeks without painkillers, now. I still can't sleep through all the pain I'm in. 3-5 hours a night is all I can get 
It's been to long since I haven't used inDesign 
It's been very busy so far today - still few more hours to go 
Its been years that we're friends but its like I don't get it why &quot;YOU ARE ALL AGAINST ME.  &quot;
Its beginning to be impossible for me to be warm. 
it's being so sad, so bad so killer for me dont have mcfly near 
It's better that I should face the changes and the sad truth... 
It's birthday week for my family...and I think they might be ignoring my calls. Or having way too much fun without me 
its bloody hot man! And my hip hasn't improved  I'm such an Ethel!
Its bloody roasting in this Fecking car 
It's bn a good day... wellll? Not really The high point would have had to bn leaving early then the rain came... Now i'm feeling sad 
It's boiling! I don't like it 
It's boring !!!! 
its boring at home had nothing to do 
it's boring not being able to use twitter from my phone 
its boring today...and it rains 
Its bout to go down. I'm exited but its gonna be a bitter sweet kinda deal 
It's brilliant weather here yes We're building a flatpack bed!! Hate that.  Your beer sounds lovely. Small anon french lager here  
It's business time. Rushing to O2, flight delayed  Feels so good to be back in London. Was going through major withdrawal for a moment!
its called &quot;Holly Hobby Lemon&quot; --- make sure u play it at home after exams or sumthin!  suck.
It's called:  what's eating Gilbert grape. it's so sad 
It's Camp Day!!  The one day a year that I wish I drank coffee   Go have two for me; I'll just donate the little tents
It's cancer. Ewing sarcoma. 
I'm loving my new background but i'm just not too happy that they don't do my size yet...   x
I'm loving this song right now-http://bit.ly/Pp1rW.  Anthony Hamilton is the truth-so sad that I'm going to miss the concert tonight. 
I'm Low Key Hatin on EVERYONE at the eFFin Roots Picnic! 
I'm lying in bed waiting for my alarm to go off 
I'm lying in my bed thinking of doing voodoo on my reproductive organs 
Im Mac less for 3 days! 
I'm mad  I now have the munchies .. Uggh I'm to high to drive anywhere. Gosh be a great time eat some late night Oreo ice cream. Mmm lol
im mad @gosi &amp; @laeggplant for leaving me in stats 
I'm mad as hell cause my DVR didn't record the #nascar race 
im mad hungry..... havent eaten all day 
im mad i cant get a permanant streak cuz of the skl im goin 2  i was planning on doin this since march grrr
I'm mad I can't get any picture mail 
i'm mad i forgot about run's house tonight. 
I'm mad i just found out N'Dambi was having a free concert in Brooklyn last night. 
Im mad i missed the free krispy kreme donuts all day yesterday.. 
im mad i went to sleep at 5.30 in the fuckin mornin boo lovn on the fone all night. who does dat! and now i got to be to work at 8 
I'm mad I'm up this early. I feel asleep last night w/ my clothes on 
I'm mad iStill haven't found my chocolate. Workin' on the script to my next production. This is hard 
I'm mad it was nice outside and now it wanna rain 
Im mad that my brother is not here so I can tell him about how good Transformers 2 was and that Avatar The Last Airbender is coming out 
i'm mad that my twitter picture won't upload 
I'm mad the Celtics lost.  I didn't think they'll go all the way this season anyway. Cavs now baby!
I'm mad tired 
I'm mad you have to pay to get your number changed. 
I'm mad. All I had to do was rewrite the method. wasted a late day 
I'm makeup-less and tired. Don't fuck with me today. 
im making a speech about cleanliness for my brother! *sigh* cant seem to think of anything to write 
I'm making a work schedule for SA Fam ... it's stressing me out! Being in charge is not fun sometimes 
I'm making coffee. Hah! My lungs hurt. 
Im making food and accidently burned myself with the boiling water. Shit 
I'm making Guacamole ... but no one's working on the car 
I'm making I Spy pictures   It's fun.  But I have to wait to do proper photos because it's too dark now   Pictures are grainy x.x
I'm making my homework for Greece now. but it takes a long time. 
I'm making tacos for dinner.  Making tacos reminds me of taco dia..Which was bangin'.. And i'm sad they closed 
I'm massively upset 
I'm mean... 
I'm meant to be room~mate free...I miss my cozy single person apt 
I'm MELTING!!! It is soo hot in my office 
I'm mentally preparing for Jon &amp; Kate tonight...soo sad  http://myloc.me/55MJ
i'm mildly afraid my condoms will expire before i have sex again. 
I'm miserable when I can't function like I want to 
I'm miserable with my boredom. 
im miss my boys so so much. =( hope they call sometime really soon. @meganleann me too!!! 
im missed the high life guy at miller park! aww shucks ! 
I'm missin a pillows! Sadface for LIFE. 
im missin my baby rite now 
I'm missin my baby...really needed to talk to him today 
I'm missin my dog. He always slept with me at night. Now I feel more lonely than ever. 
I'm missin' my girl! 
I'm missing 2 games tomorrow: Turkish GP and the French Open Men's final. I hate being on duty 
i'm missing a birthday party becos i'm feeling unwell, crappy and tired. 
I'm missing a lot of friendship lately. 
im missing a meeting! 
Im missing Allison like heck 
I'm missing Andy Samburg.  Good thing they repeat it ten thousand times.
I'm missing Baby. 
I'm missing good seats for paramore for prom!!! 
i'm missing him more each day 
Im missing my baby! 
I'm missing my baby! 
I'm missing my baby!!  
I'm missing my boyfriend 
I'm missing my computer. Damn it 
I'm missing my dad... 
Im missing my Daddy on this Father's Day  wish he were still here. R.I.P Papi!
I'm missing my daddy this weekend. He's been gone 17 years 
i'm missing my fiance  i just despise when he goes for offshore,
I'm missing my frens huh! 
i'm missing my friends 
I'm missing my gorgeous other half, better half 
I'm missing my kiki-kinz... our movie is on and I'm watching it alone 
i'm missing my little man already!! 
I'm missing my puppy already  but Guatemala awaits and one can't beat taking photos for seeds of help
i'm missing nate so much... he needs to come back from vacation. especially tonight, it's storming. 
I'm missing one of my diamond earrings. This makes me sad. 
I'M MISSING OUT ON THE H_E TWITTER GOSSIP. 
I'm missing out on the lakers parade 
I'm missing Shane 
I'm missing so many people  I wanna go for a shopping spree.
I'm missing someone.  wishing he wasn't quite so far away.
I'm missing someone... I miss you echos, REALLY. 
I'm missing something. 
I'm missing the Boulder @blogher meet up today due to my scheduling skillz 
I'm missing the live @twobeerqueers, I'm on twobeerqueers.com &amp; nothing. Maybe I don't have the time right. 
I'm missing the manager outting  because of a conference call  I wanna play too!
I'm missing the marvelous Colorado summer nights right now. 
I'm missing the NolaDarling show and I'm really sad about it! 
I'm missing the opening day of T09 
I'm missing the sun today.  I hope it comes back to visit us again soon!!! ;)
IM MISSING YOU CARL  BADLY 
I'm missing you so much now honey &lt;3 
I'm Monophobic, someone talk to me 
I'm more disappointed in you than you can imagine. I don't even know what to do anymore 
I'm movin outta Brooklyn  Sorry to all the people that have planned to crash at the crib in the future...
I'm moving into the library today untill friday 
i'm moving out of columbia, mo today... going home indefinately 
I'm moving out today!!!  God I'm going to miss college.. No more excuses...  And P.S. the Lakers suck!!! And I&quot;m glad they lost! Go Cavs!
I'm nauseated. Every single time I stand up I just want to vomit. This is not goring to bode well for a Wednesday night McDonalds run. 
I'm nauseous  I need a yogurt or something..
im nervous :/ i want @mmilanezi to gimme a bear hug 
im nervous now     imy.
I'm never borrowing lighters from people. They suck plainly suck  Especially ones that have pictures of weed on it, EW.
I'm never buying cheap Tesco sausages again, I should of known 48p for 8 was too good to be true 
I'm never drinkin and eatin fruit or doin whatever I did to feel this way becuz it sucks! 
I'm never going to find a job 
I'm never going to sleep.  It's been over 40 hours now.  Please someone give me rohypnol!  Or GHB.  Or anything that actually works. 
I'm never gonna get this SCJP thing. Why on the earth did I follow that stupid course two yrs back 
im never gonna give my phone to a 2 year old again all they do is rearrange and delete your apps and everything else on your phone  greatt
I'm never good enough 
i'm never good enough for them or anyone for that matter. I'm a nobody. 
im never in a good mood anymore 
I'm never making cookies again. No one ate them! 
i'm new here and its lonely  follow me!
I'm next to a Chinese/Mexican restaurant and its not chino bandido! 
im no good at this! Ive cheated and eat chocolate! im addicted i cant help it!! dissapointed tho 
I'm no longer a sophomore.  Junior year is bringing new things. I'll be on 24/7 now. Hit me up and check out  http://bit.ly/esGIQ
I'm no longer an employee of super target. Thank Godddd. Upset I missed paramore yesterday.  Haley Williams is gorgeous...
I'm no longer in a bed, there was a spider. I'm now downstairs, on the ground. 
I'm no longer on speaking terms with Thursday, it tricked me into thinking it was Friday 
I'm nobody to everyone 
I'm not @ work and tired as hell...I don't think I can make it to 2pm...should of never went out and drank last night 
I'm not a fan of the scale this morning. Screw you, numbers! I enjoyed my buffet on Thursday and garlic naan at 10pm last night, damn it! 
I'm not a fan of tonight or this weekend. Getting over my stomach bug, but will be first weekend without @jdwcornell in 2 months. 
I'm not a happy Bram today. 
Im not a happy camper today 
i'm not a witch .  bakit sya ganon ?  . mahirap ba talaga yung gusto ko? 
I'm not a wuss. I promise, but Jon and Kate are getting A DIVORCE!?  that makes me sad.
I'm not allowed friends over when my father is around. Doesn't that tell you anything?  this sucks. I need to shower too.
i'm not allowed out today cause i have to pack, gutted  on the bright side, my laptop has 167 MB left and it's about to die, yass #sarcasm
Im not babysitting tonight anymore 
I'm not buying the &quot;it's a good thing&quot; spin on the UK @Bing not being done yet.  http://bit.ly/kndJ8
I'm not cheating  i wait until we give the paper away before i test the twitterati  i no cheat!
I'm not digging the new theme music for season 8 of Charmed. Stupid license expiring. It's not the same 
I'm not ditchin i'm barfin so sorry guys  ESOTSM;
im not doin shit.... why.... cause i have no car anymore...  
i'm not doing anything anymore. really dreading this weekend, next week and every day that i shall be spending in this country 
I'm not drunk really  I've only had two waters and @DerrickJWyatt and @Vangelus want to schedule an intervention.
i'm not even at work yet and I already want to go home and go to sleep, i'm just exhausted in general this week 
i'm not even dressed and i'm supposed to be at work in 10 min. It takes 20 for me to get there. 
Im not even n da mood to go out anymore 
im not even remotely thrilled ab this class i have at 1pm. im startin to question my decision on summer classes  i jus wanna eat cocoa...
im not excited for camp nomores due to the shit weather. and mossimo is having a mid season season omfgggg. 
I'm not exciting enough for Twitter... 
im not feelin to great today, and the sun's out 
Im not feeling good 
i'm not feeling good 
i'm not feeling good today   on my way to cologne - hope it's gonna be as good as manchester!? going to twitter from the show ;-)
I'm not feeling great health wise. 
I'm not feeling so hot 
I'm not feeling that &quot;Hit Me on Twitter&quot; song by Mistah Fab. 
I'm not feeling too awesome tonight, think it was something I ate 
im not feeling too goood today 
I'm not feeling too hot today 
I'm not feeling too well 
i'm not feeling well  sometimes u gotta sacrifice healthfor the love of fasheeen
im not feeling well ... darn! i have a bday party to attend to! 
I'm not feeling well at all but I'm not sick. Maybe I should take some advil. 
I'm not feeling well today. Got a cold. 
i'm not feeling well.  darn, the hot weather!
I'm not felling well 
i'm not finding it interesting.logging in to see only status updates? boring 
I'm not finding those answers 
I'm not frantically getting ready to go to award shows  Soon.
I'm not getting all my twitters. 
Im not getting any cock 
I'm not getting any more fantastic ideas for F5 
I'm not getting my new phone, 
I'm not getting one, stll have 4+ months remaining on contract  but might jailbreak and swap to a different carrier then. #o2fail
I'm not getting updates on my phone 
I'm not going out anymore my friends suck   after I got dress and evrything
I'm not going to be able to make this weeks blogtv show, sorry everyone! 
I'm not going to be able to see one of my favorite patients before I leave. 
I'm not going to be fortunate enough to buy LVTT on midnight  Hopefully I do get a chance to buy it though. I want to show my @jonasbr ...
I'm not going to BlogHer, and it makes me sad. 
I'm not going to Disneyland with Ms. Norwick 
I'm not going to dxc,  sorry @barbiebibiana and @calypsotalks - we had fun last year
I'm not going to make june 9th 
i'm not going to say anything this time .. but now i feel i gotta babysit 
I'm not going to school to B a vet so explain to me why I need to knw a Cat's anatomy i'm about to throw this bk out the window 
im not going to school today im so sick  school is almost done 2 weeks birthday is on saturday!!!
im not going to school tomorrow  T-T im sick. 
i'm not going to sleep today as i can now see the light so ...... 
I'm not going to TCR when I go to NYC cuz my dialysis days changed and Mark can't switch the tickets back 
I'm not going to tweet everyday . And not often  soo ..
I'm not going to watch PCD  http://myloc.me/2bxx
I'm not gonna be able to make it tonight it's my line sisters birthday.  thanks 4 the invite
I'm not gonna fuck up again.  I cant.
I'm not gonna get to go to a summit  But I'm going to the Air Force Museum
im not gonna see james for a month and a half 
i'm not good enough for you.. 
I'm not good in Physical Education, and I'm gonna suck in tomorrow's lesson. 
i'm not good in this heat 
im not gwtting on twitter as much, cuz im studyin for finals 
I'm not happy in this days and never been sad this much 
I'm not happy that I can't watch communitychannel's videos on my iPod. 
I'm not happy that the student union night SQUIDS is now Â£1.20 a drink 
I'm not happy the sun is gone! Especially when we were going to the beach with Ashton! 
I'm not happy today 
Im not happy w myself bc I started back smoking 
I'm not happy with Barry Hall at all 
I'm not happy. 
I'm not having a good day  I need something good to happen to me..#trackle?
Im NOT having a good day!! Ugh.. I just want it to be over. 
Im not having a good day.... 
I'm not having a very good Monday... 
Im not having the most carefullest of days 
I'm not hungover but I'm heaps tired. Wanna sleep but have assigs to do. Plus have an EC evo begging me to write some of it. What to do? 
Im not ignoring ya'll, im having tech. difficulties right now 
i'm not impresed with the bbq smell coming through my window  bleuch!
im not impressed by my picture thats gonna be on the center wall for the next year 
Im not in a good mood 2day so im at the mall right now then goin 2 watch a movie&amp;  will be missing Maddhouse's live chat 
I'm not in it 
I'm not in mood+situation to write internals but will have to write DMW tomo 
I'm not in the mood for chemistry 
i'm not in the mood of studying  can i nottt??
I'm not in the twittering or follow Friday mood. 
It's car crash tv at it's worst. 
its clearly june is this cali weather is lame...im ready to break out the mini skirts and over sized sun glasses 
It's cloudy 
its cloudy today 
its cloudy...i likey!! my salad sucked btw... 
It's coffee break, but I have to finish the EC-TEL Paper 
It's cold  .
its cold  hug me
It's cold and cloudy and I have a million loads of washing to do 
Its cold and gloomy 2day 
Its cold and I get to walk 2 miles to church...burrrr 
its cold and i want to go to bed. 
It's cold and rainy in the OC today 
Its cold and wet and I'm waiting outside for this girl to come to start work 
It's cold and wet outside...not good geocaching weather 
Its cold freezing cold! And my husband is addicted to World of Warcraft. 
Its cold here  last week before the massacre-exams 
It's cold in IL...  
It's cold in the Black Hole today 
it's cold in this hotel room.  In Denver, yay!
It's cold out here!!! I need some pantyhose on!!!!   I knew it wasn't quite time 2 retire my ugg  IM COLD!  
It's COLD out. No beach today 
It's cold outside 
It's cold so naturally the A/C is pumping at full blast 
its cold today  sad times
its cold, im bored and super lonely 
Its coming out the socket  I feel like my phones hole is not a virgin. That's how loose it is... :'(
It's coming today! It's coming today! Too bad I have a boring family BBQ 
It's confusing 
it's cool but I can't see the text to the right... 
I'm not kelly clarkson and I don't want to be tonight either...or any night for that matter. 
im not kidding! i hate the bugs with wings 
im not like ever allowed to go anywhere so still,here i am,laying on my bed. 
I'm not liking all this rain what's even worse is I have to go out in this to get to work 
i'm not liking being stuck indorrs on a sunday day 
I'm not liking this stormy weather 
I'm not looking forward to being in this weather tonight 
I'm not looking forward to going to second period today 
I'm not looking forward to my wake up call in 4 hours 
I'm not looking forward to today..Ashley has left for South Carolina 
Im not looking forward to tomorrow 
I'm not looking fwd to getting up early tomorrow  Better go to sleep now I guess...
I'm not much of a party animal, I'm afraid. I tried snorting coke once but the bubbles made me sneeze. 
i'm not ok. i'm going to sleep now 
I'm not pretty anymore 
I'm not quite sure why I'm still on this, noone's following or anything. 
i'm NOT READY for final exam !! 
I'm not ready for school, yet!! 
im not ready if i have to leave my classmates.i mean,we will not be in one class again in 11th grade 
I'm not ready to go to Korea on Sunday 
I'm not ready to go to school yet. 
I'm not ready to leave yet.... 
i'm not ready to see that thing! 
i'm not really good in playing @spymaster... Time for me to rest, been walking for 3 hours with a heavy bag!!  
I'm not really leaving tomorrow am I ? 
I'm not really understanding this....I'm not getting updates on my phone, even though I signed up.  
I'm not saying anything naughty and I'm not sellng anything, why am I losing followers...boo hoo 
I'm not sleeping well again ugh don't feel right 
im not sleepy at all and its almost 1!!! 
Im not sleepy but need to get sleep because of work early tommorrow 
i'm not so sure if i could watch @metrostation  my mom just started talking to me yesterday.
im not so sure to finish the movie this summer. in spite some of the crews wont be here for couple of weeks  we'll try though. planning!
IM NOT STRONG 
i'm not strong enough as you, so i can't do all this stuff alone sorry 
i'm not such a fan of my cheap electric kettle any more. drinking hot water without tea, i can taste the plastic  need a non-plastic one
I'm not sure how it happened but I went to update a post I had scheduled for tomorrow and LOST the enitre post....  ::SIGH:: 
I'm not sure it will ever stop raining 
I'm not sure I've ever moved without actually moving ... Hahahahahahahaha poor hubby!! 
I'm not sure why I bother fixing my hair in the summer. The second I leave the house it's going to friz! 
im not sure why, but i just have a really bad mood at the moment  no reason. Oh dear i hope im not on the verge of depression 
Im not sure yet!  i might have a match but i wont know until 2morrow morning!
I'm not sure!  it is a possibility! Idk whos going yet cept michael and syd
I'm Not That Girl never fails to make me sad. I'm more of an Elphaba than a Galinda.  And yes, I'm listening to Wicked in the car.
im not that tired....but i open tomorrow.... 
i'm not this girl  i want &quot;me&quot; back 
Im not tired  textt me 
Im not tweeting!! What happens to mee?!?!?!? xD jajajaja I guess Im sleepy 
I'm not used to working on Saturdays...but I gotta do it... 
I'm not very happy today, because I didn't talk to my favourite friends!!!! x.x 
I'M NOT WATCHING THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS AM I IRRELEVANT 
I'm not wearing pants to sleep tonight. it's hot in my bed 
im not well 
I'm not well and baby is sick too  
Im not worth it 
im not zac, PLEASE ADD again @nicohilton!! His account @dontflashme was hacked  ! tell everyone to add him again please! god bless you!
im not zac, PLEASE ADD again @nicohiton His account was hacked  ! tell everyone to add him again please! god bless you!
its cooold in my room 
Its cooooold 
It's couple time in Team International. Y yo solita 
its crazyy mann. listenin too j stalin murder rateee. really thinkinn. i misss yeww guyss. 
it's currently raining in downtown Seattle....the 29 day streak without rain is over!  unless... it's not raining at sea-tac.
Its Daddy day and I'm working and not being wif my daddy 
Its daddy's day tomorrow and i dont get 2 see my dad, boo  
It's daily walk time. Too bad it's 95 degrees out. 
it's dark 
It's day like today that I wish I had a dog 
Its days like these when i dont like the rain 
its days like today i wish i were in australia. 
It's days like today when I all I want is better gaming support for Mac's... I don't want to boot Windows anymore 
Its definitly Monday! 
its depressing outside today 
It's depressing when I check my inbox and there's no new mail 
It's Derby day...23.75 years of life and I've still never been to Churchhill Downs. 
It's difficult to go to a decision in griffin vs bonnar classic fight.  I keep knocking him out 
it's difficult when a customer says: what u did is wrong cause now my requirements have changed and what u did is not what I want now 
IT'S dificult because i don't know how the restaurant looks like... 
it's disappointing.  here, the sky gets dark..it gets really windy..and then it just blows over 
It's done 
Its down for me too!  re: http://ff.im/3pYtA
IT'S DRAFT DAY!!!! Yay for basketball talk today!!!! WOOT!!! WOOT!!! (Boo for being at work and not glued to the tv 
Its Drafting Financial Statements 2day PPL. I feel sick in my belly I really dnt like exams  I do often ask myself Y I do dis 2 myself?
Its driving me crazy. I think he changed his mind. 
It's dull today  sad times but on the plus side I'm away to spend more moneys I'm town again today!!! 
It's e x t r e m e l y hot right now! haha, but is whatevs 'cause it's my last day in DaNang with family on my mom's side.   So sad!
I'm now the proud owner of a Nikon D60 DSLR, woo! I'd head out to take some photos if my car started 
i'm now uber pissed off at Catherine Hardwicke and watching DieHard 4.0, should be revising 
im nt by a cpu  @number1producer
im nursing an out of commission left foot. im od'n on benadryl. its swollen 
i'm nusy being emo about missing the love of my life 
i'm nuts. i just got back from westfield to buy coke. lol  bad!
i'm obsessed with benefit benetint lip stain, but idk where to buy 
Im obsessed with ipod apps. 
I'M OBSESSED? puhlease. monday cannn't come fast enouugh 
im off !!cant cope with vdodgy keyboard 
i'm off 2 bed...its 1.00AM and my eyes r closing!!! chat 2morow...wanted 2 get more work done, but cant stay up any longer 
it's early  but for a good cause. red beers starting in the air in approximately 2 hours.
It's early. I'm tired. I hate high school.  only two. more. weeks.
It's entirely possible that I just butchered Talking Heads 
It's entirely possible that my severe allergies are in fact a.... cold 
Its f*cking freezing in forensics. And my stomch hurts 
Its F@#&amp;ing snowing! 
Its far to hot to be in work today... 
its far too cold to be at work 
It's far too goddamn warm. 
It's far too hot. 
it's far too nice a day to be stuck at work 
its fa-reeeeeezing. ihy winter 
It's farking hot outside the house and heaty inside. I'm falling sick 
its fathers day for all those who have fathers 
It's father's day in the states so I just told my stepfather how much I love him because he's my real father. However, gotta call BioDad. 
Its Fathers day tomoro. Anybody know heavens address?  I miss you daddy, happy Fathers day
its feels like a friday because ...(wait for it)...i'm on holiday for a week. so you'll have to get your twit fix elsewhere for a week 
Its finally Friday! Yay!! Going to Menard this weekend hope its fun. I cant wait to see the river. But I have to get off work first. 
It's finally getting warm here in Minnesota!!! YAY! but i still miss Vancouver Island, Canada! 
It's finally here!!!...and I have to go to work! 
It's finally raining   I miss Max.
its fizzy its ginger its phenomonal...its IRN BRU!!!! Tryin to find my friend sophie on twitter...hav u guys seen her... 
its flippin morning already..  
it's floor cleaning day again. not looking forward to it 
its f'n hot out here. shit! 2bad I can't do bbqs 2day 
it's four in the morning and i can't fucking sleep. uhg! i'm getting frustrated 
Its freakin' cold here @ the relay. 
it's freezing in this office 
it's friday !! And i just got on the bus .. Going to work later today again 
It's friday ... finally ... and yes, it's another stressful day  But you know what? Only a few days and this job is history ... woohoooo!
Its Friday and my work week isn't over yet, still have one more day of work left 
it's friday and still no jailbreake and no beejive 3 
it's friday night and i'm in my home.. hahahaha nothing to dooooo! 
it's friday night. i'm home. no party this weekend 
It's Friday yet again and again no plans this weekend boo 
Its Friday! Only 5 more hours until I'm free!.....until tomorrow.  oh well
Its Friday! Yay! But Im working 
Its Friday!! Too bad I have work tonight  its all good though....Gotta make $$, that's wats important
It's Friday!!! Can I get a WHAT WHAT and a HEY HEY!? Moving this weekend. Sad times  but excited at the same time. I hope all goes well.
It's Friday, but it won't be as good a weekend as I hoped it'd be 
Its friday... this is usually my day for going &quot;woohoo&quot; but i am gonna be sitting in tonight  being boring... 
it's friggen warm outside, i was gonna stay out there until nikki's but it's just too warm. 
it's frkn hot outside!  takin' long time to cool down the house.  
its from all that anal sex, i forgot the lube. damn  may need to go to the E.R.
It's fuckin beautiful out and im working 
its fucking cold! why is it so cold? 
its fucking frreeezing 
its funny how andy assumes he's not the first to call me. ily him though. i made him feel bad 
its funny how people dont want me to come town with them 
its funny, even with all this technology, you still die alone 
It's funny, sometimes creativity can hit you in a wave of &quot;do it this way dummy&quot; and yet some days it just deserts one completely 
It's funny....everyone is saying &quot;be transparent&quot;, &quot;be authentic&quot; but all I'm seeing is spam, ads and sales lately! 
its fuuckingg freezingg again 
It's gay pride and didnt go 
Its gettin to be that time again where $20 only gives me a 1/4 tank of gas 
its getting bright already? 
it's getting closer to doom time 
It's getting difficult to type on my blackberry with long fingernails 
It's getting ghostly in here.  Where did she go? 
It's getting harder and harder to pee on a stick.. *sighs I can't even see my feet. 
Its getting late...  my typing skills are getting worse over my past three tweets  ----- signing off in about 5 minutes
it's getting light and I still can't sleep. 
It's getting really dark outside! Where is the sun? 
It's getting very difficult for me to stick to the list. I haven't done anything. 
its getting worse day by day and im getting lonely .... 
It's gloomy as hell outside today. 
It's gloomy outside. I'm afraid my mood might match 
Its going away  thank you nature for giving me a lightshow packed with crackling booms! and now... rain.
its going slow so slow learning 
Its going to be 100 degrees today pray I don't pass out at work 
Its going to be a great day! And I am stuck in work  http://tinyurl.com/cltoof
it's going to be a late night sorting through the few thousand photos i shot over the past 3 days. 
Its going to be a long day. 
Its going to be a long day... I have to work til close.. 
Its going to be a long night.  we are so short handed.
It's going to be a long winter... 
It's going to be a long, boring night ... 
it's going to be a longg day and I don't feel well at all. i wish i could recover 
It's going to be a loooooong day  I don't see myself eating nething today.. And probably spending a lot of time in bed.. 
It's going to be a mutual feeling 
It's going to be a uper busy day! Hosting a family event at my house- looks like rain  Afterwards practice set-up for craft show!
It's going to be a very hot summer  Anyone want to become my personal chaperone? Will pay for air conditioning.
it's going to be another long, exhausting week.  And dentist tomorrow! fsck!
It's going to be devastatingly hot and I can't wear shorts to work anymore. Running to class is going to suck 
Its going to be like 30 and sunny today, and I'm stuck inside. Ugh  and of course since I'm off on the weekend its gonna rain!
Its going to be raining all week! 
its going to be seeeehr hot today  ... ausserdem: I can't handle a german keyboard anymore   .. 
It's going to be so weird without the seniors in drama next year..  i guess life moves on. i wish i knew them all the way i'd like too.
its going to be too hot for clothes today 
It's going to rain today, I am so sure 
It's going to rain.... isn't it 
it's going to storm. 
It's going to take me forever to catch up on all the missed Bleach and Naruto episodes 
It's gone!! that blog is gone!!!Dang i was looking forward for more post!! 
it's gonna be a great bbq 2morrow! but i think also kind of sad 
it's gonna be a hot one today. it's barely 9 and it feels like it's already 85! wish i wasn't working 'til 7 boo 
Its gonna be a long day at work  No fun for me today.
Its gonna be a longggg day today. 
its gonna be another long, boring day 
It's gonna be another wet day!! 
It's gonna be even hotter today but I've got to be at work at 2...and those wards get soooo hot! 
it's gonna be long rainy night 
it's gonna be one of the saddest day in my life. &lt;/3 
It's gonna be really hot today and I'm going to be outside...guess me color will change 
it's gonna be so hard catching up with school work. boo 
It's gonna rain rain rain!  hanging out with Elysha today!
It's GOOGLE AdWords, not Dougal AdWords, ffs I have a cold, give me a break 
It's got to be bad that i start yawning immediately after finishing a mocha wake up from wawa.  need more caffeine!
its grey outside 
It's gym day but I'm so sleepy  Someone tell me I should go.
it's hailing outside! Eeeek 
It's half 3 in the morning and I'm half packed and the place needs a clean  no sleep for me tonight
It's half one in the morning and I'm drunk. Why can't I stop coding? I think there might be something seriously wrong with me 
Its halftime break here in the office and so far work still leads by a ton..oh boy... 
its halfway through the file transfer and disk quota is full ... 
It's hammocking weather!  Too bad the hammock is stuck in my storage unit!  
ITS HAPPY HOUR TONIGHT  BABY!!!!!!! IM STILL MAD THE NUGGETS LOST THO  ... BUT A COLD BEER WILL TAKE MY MIND OF THINGS
it's hard 2 get back to &quot;school&quot; after pesach's holiday 
It's hard for special to become normal 
Its hard getting up 4 work wen the kids are still in bed! I want 2 stay at home with them 
It's hard living without my sister. This will be the second night in a row we haven't slept at the same house. 
its hard not having friends that like jb 
It's hard not working with your best friend and seeing old emails and things like that. We worked side be side for almost 5 years. 
its hard respecting other ppls decisions but imma try, even if it kills me inside 
it's hard to be a german student 
it's hard to be all happy and hyper when it's raining outside  i really don't like the weather
it's hard to be artistically inspired in ND   my fashion line looks  more like a costume wardrob for little house on the prairie
It's hard to be away from the computer 
it's hard to begin working after Easter holiday 
It's hard to cry when the tears won't fall down 
It's hard to fill a whole collection of Wheat Pennies.  Expensive too. 
It's hard to find THE little black dress 
it's hard to leave,being far away from you 
its hard to sell a car that doesnt start 
its hard to sleep with you on my mind...cuz when i start thinking, i always start to cry.. I miss my mara    
Its hard to tweet when you have to type on yourself 
It's hard to type when I'm lying on the sofa with Zoe lying asleep on top of me SQUASHING ME 
it's hard to work with chesty cough. feel weak  i dont want to spread virus here!
It's hard when the one person you want to talk to is 400 miles away at basic training 
it's hard when youre in the middle of depression and excitement right? ... 
Its has been a bad week !  sad party !
its hawt... but am pissed off a lil... plans for tonight have gone somewhere.. 
it's heartbreaking when you see someone you haven't seen for over a year and they've deteriorated something awful. made me sad 
It's hella itchy!  http://twitpic.com/66m7f
It's here!  My new precious iphone is here.  It's so pretty.  Unfortunately I can't play with it until I get home and hook it up 
Its here. Maybe i will read it. I bet that i wont. However. Sleepy. Weather is dreary again. 
IT'S HORRIBLY COLD. 
its hot 
It's hot 
its hot  going to bed now!
its hot 2day and i dont want to go and walk all round Stanmore again! 
Its hot again. Please cool down! 
It's hot and I don't want to go work on the ole' duplex. But I guess I should. 
It's hot and mum said my room smells like a brewery 
Its hot and my feet hurt but i cant sit down 
It's hot and sunny and I'm in the garden with my laptop. Which, consequently, I think is about to die of heat exhaustion. 
Its hot and the cars aircon is screwed.. its gunna be a loooong journey 
it's hot as hell and our AC decided to take a shit today 
It's HOT as Hell here in Calcutta 
It's hot as hell in this store!!  
Its hot as tits outside, no unicycling today 
It's hot in Bali. Stuck in traffic  on the way to lilo
It's hot in my room, and I can't sleep. 
its hot in this house. and im sad. 
It's hot up here 
Its hot. 
it's hot.  back in oklahoma.
Its hot.... 
its hot...cant believe i have to go to delhi tonight 
Its humid today. Last night there was lightning. And now its humid 
Its hurting. 
It's impossible for me to finally realise that my heart'll be broken in two weeks and new start'll begin at Semptember...I just... 
It's impossible to battle sleep. Why did I not hit the sack early last night! 
It's impossible to get on a train in town on a friday evening 
Its impossible to watch these finals games without beer. 
its incredibly hot out...  
It's ironic - I lived in Los Angeles when I didn't eat meat, and now that I do, I've moved away and I'm missing out on all the new grub. 
Its its difficult shopping broke. 
it's jeff buckley's deathaversary  if you haven't heard his music, look it up
It's June 17. Where is my new iPhone OS? I hope we're not waiting for those goddamn west coasters... or worse yet - tomorrow morning 
Its June 6th 2009, my birthday. Its 2:14 A.M. and I can't even sleep on my own birthday 
Its june! What does the weather think it is doing! Im gonna get soaked 
Its just 5th day in Sunnyvale.. Feel like i am here for the last 1 year.. 
it's just a boring evening 
its just a shame that accoustic means &quot;no harry&quot; 
It's just another manic monday. 
its just another manic monday...why does monday have to be my long day at work  grrrrrrr
Its just easier w|out. Like i loved my env but it kept fuckin up 
Its just hard to get over someone you've always thought about being with 
its just me and my blackberry 
Its just mean to spike your hair at a concert when your standing infront of somebody  http://short.to/e002
It's just not cool. 
its just not the same 
its just one of them days... 
It's just over a week until this happens http://twi.la/zhvcd and I won't be there. Again. 
Its just so sad that the people fighting cancer that have hope and drive, can't win. Farrah reminds me of my dad that way. 
it's just started to rain, it's close to 3am and i still can't sleep. wai 
it's just TOO hot for my coffee this morning  i need ice, how am i going to find room for ice??
it's just too hot to sleep here tonight and  i'm *so* tired 
ITS JUST TOO MUCH RIGHT NOW. I NEED TIME TOO MYSELF. AND IM JUST TIRED OF ALL THIS. 
It's Kelly's last day at the GAP and I don't even get to work with her  bringing bernard to her during her break though lol
It's killing me that I can't spoil on what I'm working on 
its killing me that im promoting my new blog far more than my old blog but the view count is dead in comparison to the last one  what  ...
it's kind of sad how people who i have added on here move faster than my livejournal friends page. 
It's kind of weird to listen to &quot;Blame It&quot; without the kid here... he isn't around to sing with it.  
Its kinda boring on Twitterland today....seems to be losing it steam 
It's kinda cold. I wish I would have grabbed a jacket 
It's laaaaaaaaaaaaaate and I stay up too laaaaaaaaaaaaate. wtf 
It's late right now, no one is around, no one is online, I'm alone and I hate it. I am starting to feel like this is going to be routine. 
It's late, but I still need to fix the flat tire on my wife's bike. 
its late. i'm having a spend the night session with my buddie.  (: NOT MILEY. i am in SC! &lt;3 i love it here. i wish i had my camera. 
It's light out and I'm not home from work yet. Boo. 
its like 00:05 where i am and im so tired 
It's like 1 AM and I'm not tired  This sucks.
its like 11:40 and im tired as fuck and i might go to sleep just because i have no fuckin phone!! i cant live without texting 
It's like 2:02 in the morning... I am so hungry  Christian is making Mac N Cheese &lt;3
its like 5.15am and am still awake.! i really need someone to talk to and helo me through this rough time 
It's like 95 degrees out and I graduate today! Woo! Also who's going to Buffalo tomorrow?! It'll be my second last show ever there. 
its like 96 degress but in my body i feel like its 20.. fml. this damn fever just wont kick 
its like a F***ing IGLOO in my room! 
It's like everyone's flying off to somewhere I ALSO WANT 
It's like forgetting Sarah Marshall all over again  summer 07, promises were made that I would never feel like that again
It's like if some people on twitter are eating hot dogs, why should other people announce that they eat gourmet food? 
its like im going to burst, my net connection is a bit slow, im having a hard time to fix it... 
Its like my second one all morning 
I'm off again. I have to buy new car tires for my Yaris after I've had a flat tire yesterday evening. This sucks 
Im off every weekend next month. Other than that, im working.  @MzLCherry
i'm off for a while twitterverse-dunno when i'll return. i'm gonna miss everyone  xxx bye for now.
I'm off for the night. 
I'm off go bed tweeps! This weather is crazy 
im off now byee lol gotta get ready for school tomorrow (N) i dont wanna go back this week has been amazingg  x
I'm off now..talk to you all tomorrow..*sigh* It's a sad life. 
I'm off out for tweeps...won't be back for hours and hours  Try to be good while I'm gone. xxx
I'm off to a party with a load of thespians, which means I'm going to miss the final of  britans got talent 
I'm off to an early appointment I've been dreading. 7 is too early in the day to be awake, let alone coherent.  It's just cruel.
Im off to bed now school tomorrow 
im off to bed now...hopefully to sleep away this damn virus...ugh...it hurts  ...nighty night peeps!!! xoxoxo
I'm off to bed, so exhausted!! I got a real bad headache  Thank God it's Saturday tomorrow! Xoxo
It's like there's a retarded business manager's meeting today, and they decided to have the meeting on my work phone line. Fun 
its like this game where you make a chracter and go in a chat rooom thing but everyone on there is really really mean! 
It's like we both want the same thing when it comes to love, but we're too scared to do something about it.. 
It's like when the humane society comes knocking AGAIN and they show me adorable kitten and puppy pictures.     I always write that check
It's like whenever a blessing comes my way, another leaves...like a trade. 
it's like... really really really really really really really really really really really hard to get famous on YouTube nowadays. 
its like.............an endless fight and i cant seem to win ..... sigh....... 
Its literally raining on my (mermaid) parade. No Coney Island for me today 
Its lonely here 
Its lonely on the moon.... 
it's looking like favre will play for the vikings, going out to buy purple 
It's looking likely that by the end of the week i will be jobless. How sad 
It's love.  
it's lovely and sunny here in Cornwall today, bit windy but I don't mind...just wish my car was back so we could go for a nice drive 
It's lovely out and there's nothing to do! 
Its lowkey depressing when a dj spins and I know every song they played  ( not in referrence to the heist boys)
It's Lunch time, another frozen dinner 
It's making for a boring day on Twitter without @divadoll123 or other sensible #tcot's to debate with... Just nut-jobs on today... 
Its Meeting time on a saturday...then have 2 take my hubby 2 the airport 
It's Midnight Summer Party in Finland, but guess who's the lucky dude that has morning shift tomorrow. No drinkin' today. 
It's midnight, I'm back from my tweet up. I had a blast! Headed to bed to be up @3AM to catch 6AM flight. Yikes! &amp; I have a 4 hr layover. 
It's midnight. I couldn't sleep. I have to be at southbank tomorrow before 7.45am. 
It's midnight. Why am I still at work? 
It's midnight...I leave tomorrow at 4 AM...and I can't sleep. 
its miserably hot outside 
it's mommy's day annnd i have to work. it sucks  but tonight shall be lovely &lt;3
It's Monday  Boston on Thursday.. yee haw.
it's monday  went to see the Hangover yesterday,hiliarious film! The bf enjoyed it a bit too much, stag do in vegas i think not
Its Monday Again 
It's monday all over again  
It's Monday already?? How did that happen? Working away and the office is freezing  Missing him xo xo
It's Monday morning and I'm back at work  Oh well just another 5 days till the weekend
It's Monday morning and u have 5 more days for the weekend!!! 
It's Monday!  AHHH BOO
its Monday! lol!  ugh it took me forever to get my extensions out yesterday! 
It's Monday! School's back on Wednesday! It's SO unfair. Other's gonna start next week 
it's monday, and that means being slighty tired but having to work anyway 
It's Monday, it's cold, it's raining. Why do I have to be up? 
It's Monday. This means work. And that means I hafta leave the house. Which sucks cos it's gonna be 90* today! I dream of Alaska.  
it's monday... off to work in the rain! 
it's Monday...blah 
its mondayyy  wanting these next 3 weeks to go by fasttt!
It's more like a sponsored bloody walk at the moment... 
its morning 8 and temperature is already 32 degree centigrade... 
its morning and im tired. i am having facebook withdrawal symptoms... 
Its morning! And im in pain  I swear in the night i've booted the wall or something :/. Quite tired but i'm up and ready to do more testy!
It's morning.  I'm bleary-eyed and not happy to be out of bed 
it's morning. wah  *yawns*
Its moving day for me today. 
its much colder than it looks outside  i definately wont be sitting outside with the host today lol
its my 18th brithday and my poor mother is devastatedd  lol
its my 21st bday in 9 days :-O  im getting old  lol
Its my 25th birthday and have no plans as usual.  I love the Backstreet Boys!!!  #BSB   #BSB
Its my bday 2day and my grandma didnt even say happy birthday!!!! 
It's my b-day today and I still have 2 go to school... 
It's my birthday and I'm working the baseball game this guy Dayne 
its my birthday and my phone is broken  no way of communicating
its my birthday! I'm officially old today 
Its my daddys birthday.  sure do miss him...
it's my dad's birthday today. and i can't seem to get reach him on the phone 
its my day off and its raining 
it's my day off, why am i already driving somewhere  #sleepy #robot
its my first mothers day and i have to work. 
its my first mothers day without my mom   i miss her so much u r &quot;l lucky 2 have still have ur mom!
its my first mothers day!!!! Well time to get ready to go to work  boo
it's my first tweet, i've been on the net all day and have not completed a page of homework.  tryin to avoid chuggin a mickey's get @ me
Its my friday!! I so wanted to talk to him  now i gotta wait til friday.. - xoxo Sandy
It's my grandfather's day of death... 
It's my last day at eLocal....and it's so gloomy outside today! Man. Let's just hike up my depression a notch. 
Its my last day in sunny southern california... Not looking forward to the Vegas heat tomorrow!!  bummer.
its my last day of teen-dom 
Its my last day on the job  I hope to God I am not making a mistake.
Its my last few hours of being 30...eeek! 31 Tomorrow 
Its my last full week in New Orleans 
It's my last week in Greece 
It's my mothers birthday and she came home drunk with her friends. Now, her one friend is going to steal my bed because she can't drive. 
It's my mum's birthday today. Unfortunately I'm still sunburnt so I can't do much for her. 
Its my own fault if i fail? Thanks for the encouragement, family. Really appreciate it. 
It's my youngest's 19th birthday today, how did she get so grown up all of a sudden? and she's been talking a lot about leaving home too 
it's national donut day in america. you can get free donuts at krispy kreme. i wish i lived in america so i could get my free donut 
It's nearly 11 AM and my son is not awake yet. I want to check on him, but that will surely wake him up and make him cry 
It's nearly 2am and I am bored. It was cold tonight, oh Mr.Sun where did you go!  
it's nearly 2am, am i done studying yet??? 
its nearly 330 in the am, i've barely slept &amp; so i'm loopy, &amp; i'm getting ready 2 drive my bff 2 the airport so she can leave me 4 3 wks 
Its nearly half two in the morning. My mind is telling me I'm not tired. Its lying. I'm Shattered. But I can't fall asleep! Damn 
It's never a good idea to go running when you can't breathe through your nose from jump. I'm hurting bad now  feels like a heart attack
it's never a good sign when you have to spend 20 mins troubleshooting just to get your laptop to boot on a Monday morning.  
It's never fun when teachers come back to work, but today has been especially tough. 
It's never going to stop raining! No umbrella 
It's never gonna last. It's never gonna make it back alive.. But I really hope we survive. 
It's never good when an iMac won't recognize the HD and keeps spitting out the OS disk like it tasted something rotten. Sad Mac 
it's never good when you hit your elbow on the corner of your laptop and it bruises instantly 
Its new patient palooza in pt today. wonderful. someone please massage my hamstring 
It's nice and sunny day!! I slept too long and couldn't enjoy the day! 
its nice out..but i have nothing to do..  taking the pup for a walk  i love her &lt;333
it's nice to be in my own bed, buttt i'm still not happy. 
It's nice to know that my bday(today) is the same as national egg day 
It's nice weather in Seoul, Korea. But my final exam isn't finished... I want to go home 
it's nicer in england than where i am 
It's night and it's dark and cold waiting to pick my sisters up.. I'm scared 
Its nights like these when you find out who your true friends are. Love ya steph! I'm gunna miss you major 
its nights like this i wish i had a dude to come home to  and cure the lonely nights...SMH! O well! im over it! lol
It's no longer allowed to use AdWhirl as frontend for AdMob. 
It's N-O-N  P-H-I-X-I-O-N!!!!!!! Miss my Jedi Mind Tricks Music.. 
it's noon how about now? too early for the potion of forgetfulness?  Darn its gonna be a Looong Day! Sing it Bob! â™« http://blip.fm/~7i4a8
It's not a huge quantity, but it has saddened me. This is like the second order I had to ever cancel.  It's rare but a definite downer.
It's not a joking matter really. Have been made redundant before and hope I don't have to go there again 
It's not about walking to work in the rain 
Its not early enough for people to be ringing doorbells, is itt? 
It's not even 9 yet and I want to go to bed...I'm so lame 
its not even sunny here and the office is unbearably hot 
It's not even that I'm tired. It's that I'm SO tired I can't even function...only 6 more hrs to go 
It's not everyday you get to say &quot;cock fight&quot; on TV...I'm bummed I wasn't anchoring...  
its not fair joe , laney belives you but you dont believe her later on 
It's not fair that the sun makes everyone else feel lovely when it makes me feel poorly  sad banana
It's not fair, and i think your really mean...i think your really mean 
it's not fair, i think you really mean 
It's not fair, this was supposed to be our year 
its not fair. i have to wait until tomorrow nite to c MTV movie awards, living in england tonite sucks, i want to see it live 
it's not fair... 
Its not faire !! Why cant Bon Jovi come to Montreal ?? Freaking arse holes 
It's not Friday?! OMG. 
Its not going down  believe me... If I could be in it right now I would
It's not gonna happen again 
It's not good weather outside 
It's not hurricane weather out today and I'm stuck at work 
It's not just a bruised rib... pain across the chest now... can barely move w/o pain.  Need to fly back immediately to HK for hospital... 
its not letting me change my pic 
its not letting me upload pictures 
its not letting me vote misha there isnt a x by his box? 
its not like spring out there is snow 
its not looking good for the nuggets 
It's not looking to good for the Cavs  come in LeBron work yo magic
Its not May anymore 
It's not monsoon season in Telluride yet, so why does it keep raining everyday?! 
It's not much of a Father's Day without the DaddyMan at home 
Its not my birthday anymore 
It's not my birthday anymore 
It's not my day  no good cards in poker...
its not nice not having any freinds  #marsiscoming
It's not nice today 
its not our fault    -leah + mckenna
It's not our night, we've been here for 2 hours and still haven't sung 
it's not raining here anymore. 
it's not really working out  i'll have a look later when i get home.
It's not Sierra today. 
IT'S NOT SUNNY OUTSIDE!  Elma, Me, Madelene and Elin was going to the beach and take photos today! Hope the sun is going to shine anyway!
it's not suposed to hurt when you swallow 
It's not that I don't care or love her, it's that I can't stand seeing her like this.  I'm gonna miss her so fucking much.
Its not the motorbiking in the rain, its the having to get on a wet sadle and getting a wet bum 
Its not the same watching the cats play without the other two... 
it's not twitter. it's the goddam set up at work 
it's not up to me anymore. if you want me in your life, you'll find the way to put me there 
It's not very fair that David Crowder*Band gets to be in Ireland without me. 
It's not worth it. Don't bother.  http://plurk.com/p/rn9su
its notï¿½coolï¿½when someone hits your car 
Its now 430 its getting lighter outside the suns coming up&amp;im still not sleeping  listening to the iPod&amp;trying to sleep? Probably not. Lol
It's now almost 2 am, but i can't sleep. 
It's now over...  But now we get the cast party!
It's now the 18th, and still no iPhone 3.0 
It's now thundering 
It's obvious i won't get over him 
Its offical I have the flu. Love is taking care of me and my girls are only a call away... I feel so bad I'm missing church 
it's offical my life sux  was about to go swimming but my sis canceled on me. FML.
It's Offically over no more new kids concerts  so sad!!!!!!!! lol haha had the time of my life this week!!! met so many great grls ~love~
It's official - no board exam for me on Saturday 
Its official chris and i broke up 
it's official guys. @caitlinharnois has ended our friendship. It's sad that it had to end... But hey, people change, i guess 
It's official it really sucks 2 be me right now! 
its official just threw up! feeling so sick and down   babe you know your the only one I love!! ugh goodnight all!
Its official my boss and savior is leaving arco arena for future endevors.  This really sucks 
It's official nobody is getting a raise this year 
it's official- the Twilight Saga has ended...*sigh*...my life is empty! 
ITS OFFICIAL THIS YEAR SUCKS BIG TIME!!!! 
It's official! No Atlanta for me this weekend!  Instead I'm going to go babysit my &quot;5 little sisters&quot;...
It's official!! I am no longer wearing heels to the club  ever.
It's official, (midwest) Americans don't get UK humor. Rubbish. My cockney accent should be working for me not against.  #fb
It's official, I'm sick. Have a fever, my throat is killing me, I gotta terrible cough &amp; my body is hurting all over 
It's official, I'm sick. I think I have a fever. 
It's official, my lack of social life today forced me to make paper planes  This F-22 Raptor I made looks amazing though 
its official, no more George O'Mally  I guess they'll just save Izzie =/
It's official, Sackboy cuddly toys are better than pups. Niece's dog now living with my other brother as Roddy (Sackboy) is more fun 
It's official, we've made it a whole week without people food 
It's official.  After flying all day, the boy was in South Africa today riding some major ragers 
It's official. All of my favorite bands are playing Texas shows the week I'm gone  this cruise better be life-changing!
It's official. I have a cold. 
Its OFFICIAL. I'm sick &amp;&amp; I'm goin to palm springs on friday for basketball. Ughh. This can't be happening 
Its official. I'm sickies! 
It's official.. I have achey 
its official... GM is going bankrupt 
its official... I'm as ill as i cud get... Wish my mum was in the country at times like this.. 
Its official... Im sick 
its official....im moving on the 31st july....it makes me sad 
It's official: @samiiisales and I WILL go to Britney Spears' concert. I WANT TO.  Well, we still need to buy tickets. THEN it's official!
Its official: were moving to  murrieta in 30 days  This freaken sucks!
its officially 100 degrees today in ft lauderdale 
it's officially been 23 hours since i last watched #chuck. that's the longest period i've gone without it for 67 days 
It's officialy 4:21 AM and I can't sleep ! ! 
it's ok to be 1.49 meter, right? 
Its ok.....i think. At least i still have my bears! 
its okay mommy i'm here for you 
It's one of those days 
It's one of those journeys to work, brought straight from hell 
it's one of those times again when i am constantly wishing myself to die  yea yea i know it's wrong, but that's just how i feel :'(
Its one thing to have a money $$$ issue in going to see Anita and Maxwell, but its a DATE issue WITH ME and THATS JUST AS BAD!!!! HUHHHHH 
it's only 1 and I'm already home!!!!! Omg I miss my id 
it's only 11:12P, but my body thinks it's 6 in the AM. boo... 
Its only 5:55pm and  i'm falling asleep!   probabaly because i only had 3 hrs sleep last night and had a big day?
its only 8 pm in cali 
it's only been 46 minutes? UGH. It feels like I've been here for HOURS. 
It's only been an hour, but it feels like forever and a day.  I guess this is way better than jail.
It's only June 16th for fifty more minutes 
its only monday but i already wish it was friday. 
It's only Monday night and I feel like I am Friday-night tired. 
It's only thursday??  Feels like Friday. 
It's only today that I realized that Google Notebook has stop active development 6 months ago. 
It's only Tuesday.  The lake is soooo far away...  
Its only tuesday. Whoo am i agin!  wrinkles.
It's only two but I can't ignore the stingy feeling of the blood. The reminder makes me feel even worse 
It's only Wed    Foot is healing.
It's Open Houses Day today. We can view houses without making an appointment, but there are no interesting or affordable houses for sale 
Its our last day in cali 
It's our last week at junior high (hahaha,,i sound so american) this week 
It's our last year together, but you're acting like I'm not even there. 
It's over  but it was amazing! Everyone better go and see it! NILEY &lt;3
its OVER no more me and a certain some 1 im truely hurting 
It's over now 
It's over, and yes I cried 
its over, im off home tonight,  so sad for everyone to be gone and for this to be over,
It's over. I have no idea what I am going to do without him 
It's over. So sad 
it's over....on our way to the airport 
Its past my bed time! I haven't seen 5 am in awhile. I'm getting old 
Its past my bed time, and I feel horrible and even worse knowing I have to go to work tmw! 
It's patio weather in Kirkland!  It's also launch-yer-boat weather, except I'm missing the boat part 
Its payday! Yay! For all the good it does. Bills bills bills....I'm broke again already 
its pigeon here doin nothing at all 
It's pitch dark for as far as I can see, no other cars around, and Irita is sleeping. I'm scared.  Oh, and I have to pee.
Its possible that my CPU is the issue here... if It still sucks on XP64 then I'm going back to Win7 &amp; making my laptop the main again. 
its pouring and I don't want to make the trek from my car to the house 
It's pouring down out here 
It's pouring down outside and I'm at work...I wish I could've stayed in the bed 
it's pouring out. sucky grad day 
its pouring outside = 
Its pouring over here 
Its pouring today  fail.
its pouringgg   summerr day ruined.
It's pretty bad when you are freezing in 87 degree weather... I hate having fever 
Its pretty boring around here now 
it's pretty cold outside  today i got another exam...
It's pretty good though. It shouldn't be good. New Orleans is SO HOT! I hate it 
It's pretty late for me to be awake. Is that sad? I'm an old lady 
it's pretty mad about the HAL daemon... it freezes my mouse and keyboard! 
Its pretty much all gone 
its prob just the senioritis. and if your up now its not even that late! i used to wake up in the PM's. talk about lazy 
its probably just nerves!!! i can't believe this ride for me is gonna be over in less than 18 hours!!! i think i may start crying now!!! 
It's property tax season 
It's quarter to 4, why am I up? At least I can sleep in tomorrow...the only plans for the day is our final roommate/family dinner! 
It's Quite Pathetic.I'm Cruising His Myspace Page.I'm Lookin At His Pictures.I'm Wishin I was The Girl In Those Pictures.Quite Sad Indeed 
its raiiniing 
It's rain all day today. 
it's rained like 3 times 2day! 
It's rainin outside... I want the typical summer weather!!! 
its rainin.  getting my license in 6 days!
Its raining   gonna get a couple of movies and plant myself on tha couch for  a while !
it's raining  ...i'm gonna play zelda all day
Its raining  and i was gonna have a sunball fight with fliss .. rain ball fight anyone ?
It's raining  Class 12-1, lunch, class 2-4:45, dinner, practicing my spn presentation. Then studying for spn and psych. Boo.
its raining  dont know what to do now today
Its raining  Hardly anyone is on the streets damn ! Me and my familie gonna go on a covered wagon journey today.
Its raining  I think im gonna go eat some cearal (is that how it is spelt?)
it's raining  no excuses not to be at the library studying then...
Its raining  so no soccer game in elk creek  damn
it's raining  weather 2day really sucks... just cant stand it. it's so cold &amp; humid  lookin outside the window &amp; all i see -&gt; RAINDROPS!
It's raining  why does the weather have to me shit on my last day? I FINISH EXAMS TODAY. Chemistry  wish me luck?
It's Raining  x
its raining !! what happened to the sunshine 
Its raining &amp; dull outside  So what to do? I know ill brew some beer! Need to clean everything and get some sugar.
It's raining &amp; I'm stuck in the office 
its raining , shock horror 
it's raining .. 
It's raining ... again. I want sunshine .. right now damn it 
It's raining again   enjoy stereomood wet songs! http://bit.ly/O9doB
It's raining again   still waiting for LVATT!!! it wasn't in the post again today.  I'm starting to think someone's stealing our parcels.
Its raining again , I think im going to give up twitter as I only have two followers , How sad im I .  Well time to do some house work . 
It's raining again ... Suprised I am not 
It's raining again here, in Taren Mill 
It's raining again this morning. My sister wake me up at this time, but I'm still sleepy 
It's raining again this morning. My sister wake me up at this time. But actually, I'm still sleepy 
it's raining again!  lolz
Its raining again! Yay! I love thunderstorms. I miss ImWendy  
it's raining again. 
it's raining again.  And it's cold here, only 53* right now.  Wanted to go shopping but girlie seems to have a nasty cold. 
It's raining again. It's summer... could there be another tropical depression? 
it's raining again.. 
It's raining and cold 
It's raining and Eric and I feel sick - caravans are not the best places to feel I'll and irritable 
It's raining and grey and cold. I am making mashed potatoes in June!!! 
its raining and i cant go home 
Its raining and I have to go out at lunchtime 
It's raining and I have to work. 
It's raining and I'm sick 
its raining and lightning and i want to go in the pool! 
It's raining and miserable here in Wales, hope you all have better weather. Can't stop sneezing either 
it's raining and that's bad... I'm in a terrible mood...    can someone help me pls!!! 
Its raining bad 
It's raining cats and dogs and I have a trunk full of groceries 
It's raining cats and dOgs!!! tsk.. tsk.. 
Its raining great, so much for having a BBQ 
It's raining hard in the metro! wow! I can't go home! 
Its raining hard today ... gloomy 
it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain 
Its raining here in Delhi..just that i got drenched at the last moment 
It's raining here now 
it's raining here too......is raining everywhere????!!!!...........im so sorry about the kids on Houston, that really sucks... 
It's raining in Frankfurt 
It's raining in Hungary.The weather makes me sad 
It's raining in Miami  Miami is sad that I'm leaving I have to back to St Louis  ughhhhh
Its raining its pourin and i aint snorin . Dam the rain keepin me awake 
It's raining like a cow having a pee as the French would say. 
It's raining like a mad man out here. And not the peacful, steady rain that I like, It's the scarey, dark, hard rain that freaks me out. 
Its raining like cats and dogs in Orlando, fl..... Where is my sunshine 
I'm off to bed. So tired. Early start tomorrow. 
I'm off to bed... work tomorrow  and it's gonna be crappy weather... 3 most depressing things in life Monday Morn + Work + Rain = Bad Week
im off to darlington, my car is going to be maafffttttingggg! i am going to melt 
I'm off to find out more - 
Im off to get ready for portsmouth! may not tweet until tomozzooo night  sad stuff, gonna miss all the mcfly updates :'( Danny Jones &lt;33 x
i'm off to go to sleep!! school starts tomorrow.... 
I'm off to have dinner then going work  lol x
I'm off to listen to my discman like a fucking caveman! @Oaklandish now it's my turn to want a hug 
i'm off to my second chance at this thing we call sleep, seems hard to do so with my nose unable to breathe  sucks !!!
I'm off to see the emergency doctor 
I'm off to sleep a bit...or try to. Damn, I missed Friends  Oh, well, I'll watch it tonigh (for the 15648215 time) HAHA xx
i'm off to tire myself out even more 
I'm off to try and sleep through this heat 
im off to watch big bro finally, final touches of coursework complete, eee miss college already, was a right laugh! 
I'm off to work    Busy Saturday but going to a winery later in the afternoon.  (www.LaughNYC.com)
I'm off to work - It's difficult to leave your child at home with a 103 temp, sore throat, cough and an ear infection in sweltering temps 
I'm off to work, be back around 11pm  I hate long work days
I'm off to...*glumps* my history exam....   Xx
I'm off tomorrow! But i won't be able to see patrick 
I'm off too bed. I gotta wake up hella early tomorrow morning. 
Im off twitter for awhile. My phone is dying and i cant find my Damned charger 
I'm off work ill with a cold 
Im off!  Good luck !
I'm off, going on running machine then sunbathe a little  Looking forward to the meal later, even though I'll miss BGT! Haha 
I'm off. I have class. 
I'm Offended Can We STOP The Yelling!  icanttakethishospitality!
im officiall the only person who's never played taboo 
i'm officially addicted to youtube and twitter  ....
im officially exhausted .  . Im Going To Sleep . I never felt so BAD in my LIFE . Emotionally .
i'm officially moving after vegas  come visit me!
I'm officially obsessed with fml &amp; just got the app on my crackberry. But why can't I send twitpics? It always freezes up! 
I'm officially OLD.  High Blood Pressure Meds...  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08EeH
I'm officially out of gas we are sitting on the side of the road  can anyone come save us   HCIBTHWDFM?
im officially sick  i got rip off its my weekend off work
its raining like crazy here in manila. traffic's bound to be super horrible again. sigh... what i wouldnt do to stay all day in bed. 
it's raining men!!! i wish  it's just raining ... and a lot at that...
its raining noooo all that su  is gone x 
its raining now  christ weather is shittt time to listen to my blackout c.d and lostprophets to take it out of mind :'( i hate weather ahh
its raining now; the sun has well and truly gone 
Its raining o_O I have to write my speech 
It's raining on my 3 day vacation! No swimming in the Chippewa river for me. 
it's raining on my birthday  at least i finished my housing stuff...
It's raining on our luau 
It's raining on our parade  #europride
it's raining outside ! I just want sun, but I haven't seen the sun for some days now. 
It's raining outside and the forecast say rain all day. crappy start to the weekend 
its raining outside and there's nothing to do 
its raining outside goddamnit! 
it's raining outside. looks like snow but it's raining 
it's raining outside...seems like a very &quot;good&quot; start of the summer holidays 2009   
it's raining outside..still here at work..wala akong payong!!!waahhh hu hu 
it's raining real hard down here. 
Its raining so hard and I have my good hair in 
Its raining so hard today! 
its raining so idk if im going to go to picnic day text me 
It's raining sooo much in Paris 
it's raining that hard, It's starting to flood! Only about an inch off my front door! 
its raining today 
it's raining today 
It's raining today  I just hope it would be as sunny as yesterday! *hmm* .. at least it's easier to study then  ..
Its raining! 
It's raining! 
it's raining!  hehehe
it's raining!  http://plurk.com/p/xcib9
it's raining!  time to get ready, M will be here in a few minutes..
Its raining!!!! 
Its raining, again. 
It's raining, it's pouring, it's really quite chilly too 
It's raining, my acid has not yet all evaporated and Matt has not rung me to say good morning  I am now gloomy and off to a meeting 
It's raining.    And my tummy is hurting.  Working on photos.
It's raining.  http://plurk.com/p/xdvle
Its raining. . . A lot! 
its raining. how gloomy... 
It's raining. I hope there's no school tomorrow!! Pleassee. 
It's raining. I'm stuck inside again. 
it's raining. it's cold. oh boy. 
its raining. what a sad day. 
Its raining. Why the sun isn't shining  I'm so bored
It's raining..   What can you do on a rainy day?
Its raining.. Its fun... But I m reading 
It's raining...  and I had to wash the car today.. :/
It's raining... Hopefully finals won't take forever today 
It's raining... ì•„ ì§œì¦?ë‚˜... ìš°ë°•ì™”ì–´;;... ã…œã…œ ì°½ë¬¸ì—´ê³  ë‚˜ê°”ë‹¤ê°€ ë‚´ë°© ì™„ì „ ì‘¥ëŒ€ë°­ ã…œã…œ my room... 
Its raining........so nice. Its cooling my room off. Since the fucking AC is broken. 
It's raining...again  I thought it was supposed to be summer  *making  a verrry long  to-do-list*
Its raining...again UUURRGGHHH i knew it looked miserable 
it's raining...it's really June.  I hate June.
its raining..the whole day is gone now. 
Its rainingg, and im sick  Movie day.
it's rainning again, so hungry  ,, now I've my instend Noodle again..
it's rainning really hard outside  no running today
its rainning!!!!!!! 
Its rainy and cold 
its rainy day today and its making me feel sleepy... 
It's rainy for the wedding today.  I hope it clears up.
its rainy here 
it's rainy out there 
it's rainy outside 
It's rainy this morning  go away rain!
Its rainy today 
It's rainy today 
It's rainy... 
it's rather cold today, that means boarder shorts off the list 
It's reached arctic temps in my office.  Penguins are migrating here tomorrow.  Polar bears never RSVPed.   Why yes, I am losing my mind!
Its really annoying that twitter mobile wont allow me to find and follow new people. I have to wait until i'm on my pc 
It's really bad when your baby gets up hours before she's normally does. I need sleep 
its really beautiful outside internet is so slow today  bk to school tomorrow we can wear summer shirts r u wearnin urs becca?
Its really boring just sitting here.....there's nothing to do! wish i could hang with friends but i can't! 
it's really boring staying at home and missing school  muuuuuum?? when can i go back??
It's really cold backstage tonight.  WTF?!?  
its really cold tonight 
it's really cold, i can't feel my toes. missing mezzah and tyler terribly 
It's really hard for me to fall asleep at night 
It's really hard to do the stanky leg in wet doc martins... 
It's really hard to sleep when you can't stop coughing 
its really hard to study again 
its really hot out today  being hairy is gay
It's really hot today 
its really nice knowing them 
its really rainy today 
It's really really cold 
its really sad congress will rule AP for another 5 more yrs.. more corruption, more land sell offs and 0 growth 
It's really sad that John &amp; Kate have chosen to exploit their children and now, Nadya Suleman is thinking of doing the same thing. 
It's really sad that the Aussie dates got cancelled due tolow ticket sales... 
its really sunny and im inside with chemistry books  how cool(h)
It's really terrible right now I am scrambling to do anything BUT study. The usual timewasting partner in crime is absent too. 
It's really uncomfortable to be in my soon to be ex house right now. Most of the furniture is gone and there's boxes everywhere. 
it's really unfortunate that I'll probably never have the Renaissance man 
its rediculously freezing for 'sunny' day!!i can't feel my toes 
its re-goddamn-diculous that its 4am and im wide awake. Wtf?! Guess im gonna get up and do some laundry 
its riteee hott=/ i guess nt much sleep again 
its ROASTING 2day!!!! i waish i could be outside!!!!!  but were having a barbecue 4 lunch AGAIN!!!! yay!!!!!
It's rough being that guy hot female is just friends with  hopefully I'll get lucky this weekend coming up.
It's rude to fall asleep in the middle of a conversation. Sorry 
Its sad but i cant do anything against 
It's sad how little I have been tweeting this week... 
its sad that I'm scared, yes?  I should be able to just call you 
it's sad that I'm used to hearing my parent's argue over and over again  I still get sad though
It's sad to vote for the less bad ... just because it's impossible to find a good one in Spain 
it's sad when friend are away and they need us 
Its sad when real singers start using Autotune on their songs. *Points fingers at the new &amp; terrible Mary J. Blige track* 
It's sad, my house hunting notes consist of: Out of budget, Super out of budget and insanely out of budget 
it's saturday and here i am at home...alone...LOSER! 
Its saturday and i am working 
It's Saturday and I'm I'll 
Its saturday and i'm working   i'm sad because it makes me miss julie.
It's Saturday and the weather is lovely...and I'm going to school. 
Its Saturday evening and I've got just the boredom 
It's Saturday morning... and I'm at work 
It's Saturday night, I am alone at mother-in-law's house (  she is already in bed, old Ryu is also.  cannot play SL,either 
It's Saturday night, I am alone at mother-in-law's house ( she is already in bed, old Ryu is also. can't play SL with mini PC, either 
It's Saturday night.  The 7-11 is hopping.  If anyone's curious, Eric (the Slurpee guy) got fired.    Stupid economy.
it's saturday night. i dyed my hair today and i feel good about the way i look. and what am i doing? i'm on the computer. 
It's saturday, cold and rainy, where has summer gone? 
It's Saturday, why am I not out?  ugh. Being far away sucks.
It's scary  thank you
its scary when u know someone that caused 3 deaths 
its shower time. and i wish the hubzz was here to go in wit me  he knows just how much shampoo n conditioner to use on my hait
It's Showtime- missin' all my FA5 folks.  Ready for Thursday night aftershow. What will it be tonight? Or should I say where...
It's sick!  I just realized I have two hours left of the work day and not just one.   I'm depressed now and very sleepy.
it's silly to be so sad over something so not important... but i am and i can't get my head to get off it 
It's sleep time early to work tomorrow 
IT'S SNOWING !!! Great day for a garage sale 
it's snowing.. in april. ugh, sometimes i hate pittsburgh. i miss la  
It's so annoooooying.. 
It's so annoying when I want to go see The Sats, @OfficialJoBros and @ddlovato in concert..but I know I'LL Have to pay 
It's so beautiful outside that I have no inclination to go inside and shower. (I kind of have to, but don't wanna  )
It's so beautiful outside today...why can't I match that feeling? 
It's so beautiful outside, but I'm stuck inside doing homework   At least I'll get to spend tomorrow in the sunshine!
it's so boring here 
Its So Boring When Yer Grounded All Yeh Can Do Is Sleep  x
it's so boring without my ipod and laptop 
its so cold  i miss summer &amp; the sunburnt-ness.
It's so cold  Moving onto Soviet intolerance of diversity, any ideas??
its so cold and my sweater is in the car 
it's so cold and rainy and unpleasant  june, why aren't you being summery?
it's so cold here ... 
It's so cold here I have the heat on in my car!  
it's so cold in here  my chesticles will be frozen balls by the end of the day.
it's so cold in here! 
it's so cold in my house right now! i dont wanna go to school, i wanna go back to bed..... 
It's so cold out there! I've just lost my wallet 
It's so cold outside today  is summer ever coming?
It's so cold this morning! Not even 40 degress today. I'm wearing 3 layers and still shaking. Brrrr.... 
Its so cold today 
Its so cold! I wish @shelby_says or @tattoos1985 were here to cuddle with me 
it's so cold, my feet are seriously numb 
Its so cold. I hate winter 
It's so cold. There's even a frickin wind!  #irce
It's so colddddd!! 
it's so damn hot in this apartment. too bad i have to make up for my roommate's overuse of electricity by sitting in a sauna myself. 
its so depressing 
it's so depressing when you see people who're pulling you down... though you're not doing anything against them... 
Its so diffcult to spk/write abt yourself  
its so draining flickin through th bible to find all these diff stories 
it's so early and cold. 
it's so early this morning! 
it's so easy for you to set me aside   http://plurk.com/p/12cjtj
Its so easy to see why I consider @kassielassie my best friend! :p she just rocks! I miss her 
Its so effin hot out. 
It's so empty here without him 
It's so foggy out!  
Its so freaking busy in the office my head is spinning and my neck is sore oh no  I need a massage!!!! http://myloc.me/4w5O
Its so freaking humid in my room. Time for the nightly dose of as tall as lions. I hope this cough goes away soon  g'night
its so frickin' hott at my house i'm about to d.i.e. 
it's so fucking cold in my house. 
IT'S SO FUCKING HOT HERE!! 
Its so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning. 
It's so fucking hot! OMG! 
Its so fucking hott i cant sleeep!! 
its so gloomy here 
Its so gloomy over here in north van 
It's so gray outside... it's supposed to be summer!!!  It's the perfect day for a good house cleaning tho! lol That's what I'll be doing!
its so hard 
it's so hard 2 convince myself 2 vacuum and mop when 2 days from now it will b covered in dog hair again 
It's so hard looking for Condos when u have no clue about the area  dammit Atlanta
it's so hard to accept the fact your gone forever. i never new i could hurt like this. 
It's so hard to find a good bathing suit! I tried on so many yesterday and nothing...they seem to be made different this year 
It's so hard to get back into the daily grind after a relaxing weekend! 
It's so hard to get Juan Veldez off my back when I only sleep 2 1/2 hours a night  FML
It's so hard to get lost in my book, there's so much going on that I want to shut out but can't... 
Its so hard to get off Twitter. 
it's so hard to leave two kitties who want you to stay   i have a day and a half to spent with them after work though
Its so hard to say good bye. 
It's so hard to settle on a name 
its so hard to stay focused. how am I supposed to shoot a video while the violence continues in Iran?? It doesnt feel right... 
it's so hard to wake up this morning. I just want to sleep in 
it's so HHHOOOTTT!!! the sun is mad, really really mad! 
It's so hot  where is Adam ?! I'm hot and going to get bitchy soon
It's so hot and humid in here, that I'm getting sleepy. 
its so hot and i cant get comfortable or fall asleep. booo.  watching nightmare before christmas...
it's so hot and I have to learn.  wanna go swimmin'!
It's so hot and uncomfortable.  No moving air, no fan, no A/C. Oh, serenity now.
It's so hot i just want to go to sleep! And i'm so bored! Help   [xoxo]
its so hot in frankfurt 
It's so hot in here! hot hot hot   
Its so hot in here... My hair is going to sweat out before I get out the salon 
It's So Hot In Missouri! Wait It's Not Hot It's Humid! 
its so hot in my room 
Its so hot out today. Which means today when im working.. Im gonna be SO crowded.  Off to work until 4.
it's so hot outdoors ... and i can't go pool partying with @Enaphira because she isn't at home ... 
Its so hot outside 
it's so hot outside 
It's so hot outside!  I want to go throw a frisbee!
Its so hot outside, that I haven't been able to take even a sip of my delicious coffee 
It's so hot outsideeee.  I wish one of my friends had a swimming pool 
It's so hot that the glue holding my fingerboard to my neck dissolved. The fingerboard then separated and fell off  just before our set! 
Its so hot today! Heard theres supposed to be storms  I hope not
It's so hot tonight  ugh gross.
its so hot! 
Its so HOT!! Im melting. 
Its so hot!!! 
Its so hot!!! Cant sleep! 
It's so hot, my kit kat melted 
It's so hot, so humid, I'm having trouble breathing 
It's so hot. I want to take a shower but I'm toooo lazy and it's 11pm 
Its so late and cant sleep! I have 2 get up 4 work at 5  
It's so less satisfying when you have to cut your muffin burger into finger sized pieces to be able to eat it 
it's so mean that too much licorice makes you sick 
It's so much easier to say you'll take responsibility for your actions when you don't think you have to. 
It's so murky outside, what a change from sunny yesterday 
It's so nice listening to the rain on the roof it's really hard to get out of bed. Oh well, suppose I better... 
Its so nice out now and I can't even enjoy it 
it's so nice out today....to bad i have 2 go 2 work 
Its so nice out! Why do i have to work all day, sab 
Its so nice out! Wish my boo was here 
its so nice out. i dont want to be inside at work   i wanna be at the yankee gaaaaaame
its so nice out. Stuck in work 
Its so pretty outside and its ruined cause I don't feel well  
It's so ridiculously hot.  My sunburn is definitely getting worse. Sigh.
its so sad 
It's so sad 
its so sad how jon &amp; kate are separating. im gonna miss watching their show. 
It's so sad that David Carradine got caught dead w/his pants down trying to please himself...so sad. Sux that he died that way. 
it's so sad that i can't sleep in past 8:30 on weekends anymore 
It's so sad that school and work are my life.. I wanna sleep late, go shopping and party at night... But sadly i'm always tired 
it's so sad what's happened to Neda.. She was an innocence girl, and they just shot her.. In front of her dads eyes. That's so sad.. 
Its so sad when I go outside and I see three dead bees. And that's just where I've been, imagine all over the USA 
It's so sad when people unblock internet just to block it again in 5 secs. No time to even search for radio stations 
its so sad when you see an animal begin to age, my pup is 12 and oldest cat now 9  i feel old
its so sad, and the kids have been through so much. 
It's so sad... Just listening to your iPod the whole day 
its so slow at work tonight...ugh. I wish I was hanging out with Bill. 
iT's sO sunny ouTside aNd i'M clOsed beHind 4 wAlls ... wiTh nO wiNdows  wHat a wAste oF liFe !!!! &amp;?@*$/%*&quot;&amp;$* !!!!
Its so sunny today, i dont wanna be stuck inside 
its so sunny! hate that i'm not out in it though 
its so ugly outside..i miss the sun 
It's so unfair  everyone has a profile picture and i don't, Stupid TweetDeck 
its so unfair that britain doesnt get the channel abc anymore 
It's so unfair that so many of the cool domain names are gone and no one is using them 
its so unfair that some schools in America get to study twilight for their exams and we are stuck with a mid-summer nights dream 
It's so unfair they make all kids awards, on the last day of school, at the same time. I have 4 kids. 
It's so weird not to see American Idol tonight  I miss the show. I miss Paula  sad night...
Its soccer fan central here, halp! My train isnt here for another ten mins 
Its someone is my family's birthday today i just cant think of who. And i cant sleep. 
it's soo boring..  and i'm hungry..
It's soo busy everywhere and the weather is soo nice!Love spring!Almost at work 
Its soo fun to have drinks with friends,however, it is so not fun to cater to the hangover that awaits the following day 
It's sooo beautiful outside n I'm stuck in work  ...dad's havin a bbq later tho!
Its sooo boring being at work so early! 
its sooo earlyyy 
It's sooo hot 2day!! Put a ton of sunblock on before jogging; still think my face burnt though! 
It's sooo hot in my room.... 
Its sooo hot sitting here 
Its sooo icky out  class and work all day!
it's sooo windy  i hate this weather... where is summer?
Its soooo beach weather now all I need is a beach buddy 
It's soooo crazy goin a whole day w/o tweet'n!!! But w/o the app on my phone, &amp; all my runnin around I couldn't!!! 
Its soooo hot and no pool! 
Its soooo hot out here today! No more nice weather! Back 2 the real Vegas in the Summer! 
It's sooooo cold  mwl &lt;3 always
its sooooo hot  and there's no AC in here....
it's soooooo warm and nice outside and i have to tidy my house and get ready for the night 
It's SOOOOOOOO hot outside. As hot as I remember in Australia. And my Australian skin is getting slight colour in it. I tan so easily  
Its Spikey Dikey's last Friday night in The Burg..  We're on our way to Coldstone to become fat glutins together for the last time.. 
its sprained!!  so glad im on holidays
It's started to hit us that we made a mistake buying this house. Ended up with a new build on a site that will never be finished 
It's starting to be a shitty day 
it's starting to feel like i have no bestfriend...he was the only reason why i haven't left...maybe i should just leave, fuck it 
its starting to sink in.. this sucks 
Its still 75 degrees outside. 
it's still a loooong time 
It's still connecting! 
It's still early and I'm @ the room 
It's still early but I'll prolly slp soon around 12 b/c I'm rlyrly tired. 
It's still hot  Had to bust out my lil fan. Hope I get a comfortable night's sleep.
its still like almost the middle of the movie and its sad already..  hahaa..
Its still monday  theres long time to wait until friday
its still not green 
its still not over  who ever made it mandatory that we go to jury duty is evil.
It's still not over... VVK put out new info, Center party going more ahead of Indrek Tarand now 
It's STILL not working!! Why not!! This is FRUSTRATING!!! 
it's still raining! 
it's still raining... no chance to go to the playground today ... 
It's still raining....... 
It's still super hot!!! where is the monsoon??  
Its still tuesday and I'm longing for the weekend.. 
its STILL updating! PLEASE DONT CALL or TXT ME!!! ur makin it take longer 
Its stormin once again and I have no power 
It's storming again!!! 
it's storming again. im so sick of all these thunderstorms! i wish it would be sunny again! 
its storming and my lights just flickered 
It's storming pretty bad in Miami. 
It's storming really bad and I have to go to work and leave my dog at home. She's so scared!! 
Its STORMING! Wonder if the humidity will be unbearable tomorrow! 
Its storming. I think i'm going to cry 
Its strange how some days just don't work no matter how much you try its like set in the stars to not work or something, I am pissed off 
its strange that i get mad when homeless people steal my recycleables at 2 am. but then i also feel bad for them 
it's studying time..... 
Its such a beautiful day to be melted away an Chicago's hot hot heat.  Stupid AC isn't working. I am doomed!
it's such a beautiful day... and im stuck at home studying for finals  booo!
It's such a beautiful day... Lovely sunday &amp; I'm stuck with books  Lame.
It's such a beautiful sunny day in FL.....to bad I have to spend it cleaning. 
It's such a gloomy rainy day I just want to curl up in bed. Instead I have to be up doing things 
Its such a nice day outside today, and I'm stuck aqua jogging inside      #squarespace
It's such a nice day!  Want's to lay out but school projects can binding me inside   Then work...  Lame.  Can I have a career yet?
It's such a nice day! Why the hell do I have to work!! 
It's such a nice day, I would sit outside to work - but the winter destroyed the parasol in the garden.  
Its such a nice today I wish I didn't have to go to work 
It's such a pain having to swap numbers 
its such a pain to cut 6 foot high grass !!! with a push mower !!  lol i have to use the push mower cuz its on a big hill   anyone want
It's such a pretty day today.  I want to plant flowers.  It always puts a smile on my face but I have too much paper work to do.  
It's such a sad fate for that France plane.   My thoughts &amp; prayers goes out to all the loved ones of those passengers. 
It's such a useless and stupid assignment..  
Its such a wonderful day. I'm always stuck inside on nice days.  Yes I'm pouting, but damn if I'm not good at it.
It's such a wonderful day... I don't want to revise!!! 
it's sucha cold day today 
Its sucks when you go shopping and everything you like is too expensive, even on sale... 
its summer &amp; im still taking summer classes!  this sucks 
it's summer in the Philipines and I have tons of work...no summer for me this 2009 
it's summer time. where's the sunshine? where's roxy?  she got spayed and has to stay the night. i miss her so much!!!!!!
it's summer time.... these gas prices are going up again 
It's summer vacation, and what am I doing? Still babysitting my brohter. 
Its summer, so when can i go to Louisiana?! I miss my family so muchh&lt;3 i love them so so so so muccchhh! 
It's summer. Isn't summer supposed to b fun? If it is then it's deffinately not summer!! 
its SUMMMMMER ! im gonna misss you 10a  xxxxxxxx
It's SUNDAY   so i'm at home relaxin!!
its Sunday already?  Its gonna b a hot day! Good day to be lazy and watch movies!!
It's Sunday and I need to work 
Its sunday and im @ work?!  hopefully meeting ends soon so i can attend ma last service !
its sunday and no news bout camp yet   i hate waiting 
its Sunday morning the only people who should really be on the first bus are people off to work yet is full of old wee folk and smellys 
It's Sunday night - therefore it's ironing time 
It's Sunday, and my mom woke me up at 10:30. How hard does that suck ? And, as if it weren't enough, it's raining outside. So today, FML 
Its Sunday, and the end of the weekend is upon us  I need a vacation. I want to travel. Where should my first stop be? Hmmm...
It's sunday, nothing good on TV, no internet and no telefone  !! the only thing left to do is read!!
It's Sunday. 
It's Sunday. All he wants to do is play GH:M... But no. Has to go to work. 
its sunday.. n um at the office... 
Its sunday....school tomorrow 
its sunny afternoon here in my place..really hot weather  ...
its sunny again. i sooo miss the rain.  it's like my happy pill :|
its sunny and lovely again. i've been awake since 7, got to go to work in 20 minutes. stuck inside when its like this? fail 
it's sunny but i'm bored  sad call or text me
It's sunny days like this that make me wanna quit John Lewis 
Its sunny in London   @LgrunIts a rainy day in rome. 
It's sunny outside, but I have to stay inside n do some cleaning. 
its sunny, British GP day and I'm not at Sliverstone. Nuff said 
its super cold in jersey. 
It's super hot in my garage  I wish I could smoke inside during the summer!!
It's super hot outside! I miss michigan 
It's super hot today! 
it's super-duper raining cats and dogs here in the Metro!!! i can't leave the office. i'm wondering how am i able to get home.. 
Its supposed 2 rain saturday BOO! The races will get canceled 
It's supposed to get to just over 90deg in Vallejo today 
its supposed to rain again?    i dont have an umbrella *whines*
It's supposed to rain all the way to NEXT Saturday!  Ugh
it's supposed to rain all weekend...  but it's supposed to stay warm, which is nice.
it's sweltering. and i'm irritated at friends cancelling last minute.  biometric passport tmr! WOOO.
it's taken me 15 years and 335 days to utter the immortal phrase... &quot;you treat this place like a hotel&quot;  
Its taken me 3 days to do 5 chapters. I have 6 chapters left and my paper is at 930am on Monday. Save me 
It's taking forever for iTunes to download a 9.7 MB game 
it's ten and still waiting for achie aivi. 
It's tex-mex cuisine today, but we are missing one of our happy bunch    Save yourself for when I'm cooking baby, just imagine!!
It's That Time Again , Exam Time , Tomorrow It's Irish and History 
It's that time of year again.  http://twitpic.com/6u0nt
it's the 17th.. please just stay out of the state forever?.. ugh 
ITS THE BANK HOLIDAY!!!!! and i am  stuck inside doing coursework 
its the beginning of holidays and i'm already fat, and with short hair 
Its The Climb... :| I miss you sweetheart!!! 
its the day of the IPHONE 3G S - wooohooooo!, i cant wait till i get one  - good night y'all ox
Its the end of an era...a Thompson era. So sad 
Its the end of the world. Update from Twitter buddies say its raining all over. 
its the first day in june ALREADY!... i feel like time is going by to quickly 
its the first day of school.. soo tiring.. 
It's the first full day and I already have a sunburn 
It's the first time to use this new platform... but find out none of my friends using this... 
its the freakin weekend already!!!! Weeks are flying! Soon summer will be over 
Its the horrible truth....Flirtin could just b fun  thx 4 the heads up....
It's the Killer Whale scene on Happy Feet now. 
Its the last day of school  Lets make it worthwhile with the graduation party.
It's the last night of Spring Awakening!  it's a sad day the west end loses such a great show!
it's the long weekend.. time to sit back and relax.... but after revision for the exams 
It's the middle of may and it's cold and pouring down - great 
It's the most beautiful day ever here and unless I wanna miss the FA Cup Semi (I don't) I've got to stay inside. TV + garden isn't doable 
It's the Queen's birthday weekend, I should NOT be awake 
it's the same old song, but with a different meaning since you've been gone ... 
It's the weeked...where is the sun? 
Its The Weekend And I Miss Her, But Im At Work And Just Found Out That I Work On July 4  This Gay Dude Tricked Me Into Wrkin It WTF
its the weekend and im stuck indoors doin c/w *fun*! 
