is confuseddddd 
Is confuseddddddddd! Help 
is confusing her game chatter with Twitter.  
is confussed to were her science homework is. I have finished it but were is it? 
is congested, feverish and aches...hope I didnt catch the SWINE FLU 
is considering staying in bed today 
is contemplating how this is the first time in 10 years that I have not been in MO at Kamp on June 1.. 
Is contemplating watching Rockos Modern Life before hitting the hay, ha. Yes it's 7:07am! I can't sleep once again. Rip dad 
is contemplating whether to continue study or finding a job.... decisions - decisions - decisions.... 
Just saw Skip, am all teary eyed 
just saw some kids that smoke. THEY ARE THE SAME AGE AS ME! what retards  sucks for their lives
Just saw some ppl get bad news at the hospital. I hate being here man. 
Just saw someone with a rebel flag belt buckle. I miss the south. 
Just saw terminator again. Sam Worthington doesn't stop being hot lol. Going home now. Lonely! 
Just saw terminator all the way thru... got into argument w/ bf over nature vs nuture.... no1 won 
Just saw Terminator. PHANTOM approved. In the mood for another movie right now. PBJ sandwiches are a great snack. Didn't run today 
just saw that 3 Day Passes are sold out for Pitchfork...  
Just saw that i got a little sun burn on my nose and i have a head ache 
just saw that twitter will down for maintenance in a couple of hrs...ugh whatever will we do??? 
Just saw that video of Neda... Lord!  Going to bed now with a dull feeling...
Just saw the #neda video...wish I hadn't. Jesus christ......no words. 
just saw the cutest couple if raccoons down the alley, made my morning, except one of them was very lame, breaks my heart 
Just saw the cutest fluffy puppy in the arms of the scariest black man 
just saw the cutest kid at the servo haha	// ewwwww work tonight  i mother though xD
Just saw the finale of House. 
just saw the firworks from my hotel balcony!..all by my lonesome! 
Just saw the greatest d.t.m. (dirty teenage moustache)... on a 40+ year old. Wasn't able to snag a photo  #moustachefail
Just saw The Hangover with the cousins. Fun times, however, can not stay up til 5am again today. I miss summer vacay. 
Just saw the latest Bremner, Bird &amp; Fortune and I thought &quot;Satire Done Right&quot;. Now sad about the way it's done in its birthplace -Greece 
Just saw the movie &quot;UP&quot;....was awesome!  Although it wasn't available in 3D at the theater where I saw it...disappointed 
just saw the movie paul blart mall cop.. i thought it would be funnier 
Just saw the NEDA clip - i´m shocked and sad 
Just saw the New Moon trailer on the mtv awards, all I have to say is OH MY FREAKING GOD!! and the werewolf looked lame 
Just saw the official trailer for New Moon, kinda disappointed. Not how I expected the wolves to look like...  
Just saw the saddest roadkill  Poor cat...
just saw the tv ad of Baskin-Robbins Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Sundae...*drools* i want  NOW
Just saw the worse accident I've physically ever seen... 5 cars. Looked like the scene in 7lbs. I hope the 2 upside 1s r ok 
Just saw the worst accident on the 401 
Just saw the worst player ever on 'The Weakest Link.' She voted off someone who already left in the previous round. She is Nigerian 
Just saw The Wrestler -   but good
just saw this sick dog. I really feel bad I can't help him. Kawawa naman sya 
Just saw two of his good friends get arrested and almost got arrested himself. What the fuuuuck!  Such an awful, depressing night.
just saw up 3d i felt like crying ... 
is continuing the trend yet again, and was up at 730.   http://myloc.me/q3N
Is converting his entire dvd collection to electronic format to go onto my ps3! However work calls 
is convinced effing ticketek is broken, CANNOT get Pink tickets  Can anyone help!!
is cooking dinner for me and Alexia.  Hubby has to work.  
Is cooking lunch. Can't stand the igcse pressures. Math paper 2 is only 2.5 days away  I'm terrified.
is cooking pikelets for my lil girl who isnt feeling so good 
Is Costco then yard.  I am hoping for rain so I may be excused from another day of mowing my lawn.
is coughing, sneezing, sniffling, has a headache, and fever... PERFECT signs that i need to take some nyquil. 
is counting down the days until his bandage can come off.... 5 days left 
is counting down the hours til the weekend so she can spend the entire time in bed and not put pressure on her very broken ankle 
is cracking on with learning more of the code igniter framework, so not motivated to do so 
is cramming 
is cramming big time 
is CRAMMING for a chem exam tmr, 8 20am.  i gtg @ 5 today &amp; i don't come back until 11pm.  WHAT DO I DOOOOOO?!
is craviiing.. 
Is cravin that crazy awesome european portuguese summertime partytime vibe with good food! Not getn it in s.a. Tho 
is craving for Tempura Crackers right now!   They taste really good. =P~
is craving pinkberry. too bad I live in kentucky 
Is craving Rice to Riches! Didn't get to have my weekend fix 
is craving some ice cream!! 
Is crazy tired, and have been all day. This is soo weird for me!  uh oh. Bedtime soon for me I guess. Study study study all day tomorrow.
is creating a blog and needs help.  I know nothing about html  boooooo
is creatively blocked. 
Is cringing bc this exam is one of the toughest we've seen.....i feel bad for the kiddies 
is criticaly ill.....never drinking again 
Just saw UP! What a great movie! &amp; I think the power steering is going out on my car 
Just saw Up.  It's cute. . . And sad 
just saw Up...awww sooo good! and so sad 
Just saw victoria beckham  she should not be allowed to go places without David 
Just saw x men  with taylor i liked it she didnt... 
Just say @thatoneguyry coming into work but I can't go in because of outage. 
just say tye (: he's still lovely lol. shame nothing worked out between us 
Just scalded myself and now have a blistery hand  Housework is dangerous!! Avoid at all costs!!
Just scared awake by my dog having a seizure 
just schlepped a dishwasher up five floors as the Sirius Cybernetics Happy Vertical People Transporter is suddenly out of order. 
Just scraped Brenda up against the concrete wall 
Just scraped by with rent, looking at all these celebs is making me feel so crap! really wish things would go our way for once! 
just scraped my arm proper bad against this wire thing 
Just screwed up inking a page so I need to redraw the whole thing.  
Just search somethink but i don`t know when will find 
just seeing all my@ambercamp...about to answer them ALL!! sorry for the delay!   okheregoes
just seen 1 of the fat single Mums from up the road &quot;seductively&quot; sprawled across some poor blokes bonnet. He probably needs new shockers 
is crying  http://plurk.com/p/12r5m4
Is crying and i dont know why 
is crying away over marley and me  so sad
is crying because she can't find her wireless mouse thing, and she can't make a vid! 
is crying because she can't have her own Keith 
is crying for katie's grandma  R.I.P
is crying over spilled milk. Ok, so maybe my eye is watering from allergies, but there is, in fact, spilled milk. And I stepped in it 
is crying to herself  sniff sniff
is crying, even though she promised herself she wouldn't. 
is currently being defeated by JAVA yet again. Bano ako mag program sa java.. hassle. 
is currently doing hw 
is currently listening to  Rihanna - Hate That I Love You (Feat. Ne-Yo) [Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded]   
is currently making improvements to the commision project 
is cursing AB's wardrobe handles. One drew blood 
is cursing the stupid work computer for not leting her watch the New Moon trailer... will have to wait until I get home! 
is d only 1 who didnt get pancakes 4 breakfast coz no1 woke her up like was suposed 2  glad im not workin tho
is da onli 1 up every1s gne bed 
Is damn bored. -.-' Why's nobody online? Laura miss yaa.. 
is dancing with the enemy, and has a remedy. OH OH OH OH OH. 127 PLAYS, I'm almost ready to start singing Agnes at this 
is dat all?? ayyoo its too short!!  http://tinyurl.com/l8b4ge
Is de examens al beu 
is dead boreddddddd in Graphics 
is dead tired but cant fall asleep...! 
is dead tired... 
is DEAD. lifeguard training from 9am to 5pm? not good. but i passed! woo! and lost my toe ring 
is dead. She mixed up her due dates and the report is due today.  Report is done, but not submitted. Dies.
Just seen Mandy's comment about moving and am gonna miss her!!!!! 
Just seen Observe &amp; Report.....wasnt as good as i thought it was gona be 
Just seen some random guy throw up on TV, and considering I have a phobia of throw up I'm not okay. 
Just seen someone w/ a BYU shirt, makes me miss Cody. 
Just seen the announcement of last night's AWARD winner. Disappointed 
Just seen the latest news about staging/truss collapsing at a festival. Oh dear 
just seen the schedule...Sports Center (#ESPN) is on in less than 30minutes. then another one afterwards, might have to miss Jimmy Fallon 
Just semi happy with my new #android phone. No tethering support, neither through bluetooth or usb is seriously stupid 
Just sent @peeppeep off to work.    Sending her positive thoughts and warm fuzzies.
Just sent @westbrooks off to work  but I have a busy busy day.. Hope that passes the time.
Just sent big man to camp for the week 
Just sent my first car to the junk yard. This is a sad sad day  I miss it already.
Just sent my heart off to Oregon , and trust me, it doesn't feel great.  I miss him already.
Just sent off forms for new place back home, fingers crossed....here is hoping I get it. Really need a place to stay...only 1 week to go 
Just seriously choked to death on water. STUPID WATER GOING DOWN THE WRONG GOD DAMN TUBE. Ow, coughed to death and now my throat hurts. 
Just served twleve hours at the office on a Sunday. Will be in early tomorrow. 
Just set my alarm clock for 6:30 am. Wow, i haven't done that for two weeks straight  
Just set my alarm for 230 in the morning  that hurts my heart.
Just set up appt. for Demonica @ vet. 
Just set up my spanking new iPhone.  Now to sell the 16g iPod touch...trouble is that it has a personalized inscription on the back 
Just shared 15 wicked wings with Jono! Feels like a heart attack is coming along soon 
Just shattered the screen of my phone. Everyone is pissed. Goodbye all money I ever saved   
just shifted room to B45... dead tired... but need to work 
Just shrunk a Gautier shirt  this is tragic.
just sick... wanna go home!!!! 
just signed in coz i forgot my password...so many to memorize 
just signed up for summerrr schooool at de anza 
just signed up for this. Looks like very few people I know are using this 
Just sipping tonight before eddy leaves tomorrow  ha ha
just sittin down..bored 
just sittin here watchin tv bored..uggh! 
just sitting around at home 
Just Sitting here being bored.  Where is a cupcake when you need one?
just sitting here ill 
just sitting here in my room doing nothing 
just sitting here minding my own business and my dad just keeps walking around the house slamming doors and stuff...I GET IT...YOU'RE MAD 
Just sitting here missing Paul 
Just sitting here thinking. Taking oldest son to college tomorrow in South Carolina. Little sad! 
Just sitting here wishing it was time to go home. 
just sitting here.....yeah, not that creative today 
Just sitting in my room!! And bored 
just sitting round doing nothing ive got school tomorrow too  great,school who could be happier?Well im not anyway  grr this is annoying
Just sitting waiting for my husband to get home 
just slept away from 4 till 8, 
just slept round a friends house, it was cool but there wasn't much to do 
just smashed a can of redbull and suddenly feeeling even more tired than before! 
just smashed his big toe into the stairs and it really hurts now. And I mean really hurts. I'll have to see how it is in the morning 
Just smashed my antique milk bottle 
Just smashed my face into the vaccum in the backroom 
just sneezed about 8 times in a row 
just sneezed so hard it hurts 
Just snuck in a jelly donut 
just so sick and tired of drama. Ready to leave it all aloneee ! Move on ! Goooooddd i miss my baby 
Just so you know, Smooth Away so doesn't work.  
Just sold my highchair... wow thats so bittersweet, no more baby 
Just sold my ibook  But m bout to cop a powerbook like I originally wanted!!! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Just spent 7 hours debugging what looked like our plugin issue. Turns out the crash is caused by Google Gears 
Just spent 80 quid on fuck all at the supermarket !!!! Food should be free !!! 
just spent a couple of hours reading by the pond with the ducks. This is the life. Sad to leave Endcliffe 
Just spent a good portion if the night crying 
just spent all day putting up a trampoline but is now too tired to use it...  it is very cool though!! 
just spent all day workin outside    now time to cool off
just spent all the $$$ in my acct 
Just spent an hour at the dentist. My whole right side of my mouth is numb and im drowling. I offically have 2 holes in my mouth  tiff ...
Just spent an hour working on a new blog header, went to save, and Gimp ate it. Guess I should start saving for photoshop. 
Just spent an hr on hte phone to my best mate in spain, miss her so much   Good excuse to org a weekend out too see her and family :oD
Just spent like an hour trying to find this clip for my Moulin Rouge video. Can't find it...gonna have to give up on this video 
just spent over 200 dollars on 3 text books 
Just spent the afternoon playing the Wii with Saraht. She's hilarious when we're playing boxing. :x &amp; Omg - I've gots a pimple 
Just spent the last 15min or so sourcing out album art for my songs. @.@ srsly.. gotta find a better way to spend time 
just spent the last 2 hrs trying to get my son calm--he's so sick from all the meds, very frustrated. Nurses seem disinterested 
just spent the last half hour making a playlist for tonight... it's going to be a long night 
just spent too much money on Amazon...damn! gotta stop shopping 
Just spilled bleach down the front of one of my favorite shirts... 
Just spilled burning liquid on herself and is now burnt all over 
Just spilled cup of tea all over work desk  Grown-up co-ordination, why do you hate me.
just spilled my drank 
Just spilled some of my sweet sweet coffee on my shirt and noticed a small scratch on the iPod touch screen 
Just spilt coffee all over myself! 
just spilt honey all over my nice clean jumper...... 
just split my third pair of jeans...   maybe its time to start buying anything other then skinnies
Just spoke to a lady whose husband has Stage 4 cancer. Docs are giving him 6 months. My day just got darker. 
Just spoke to C 
Just spoke to my manager, really not liking what I'm hearing.  
Just spoke to sophia, she's 5 today! Sooo grown up, almost don't recognise her over the phone! Sad that I'm not there today  x
Just spoke to T. Sounds very flat and doesn't want to talk at all. Told me to mind my own business when I asked how he is 
just spoke to the girlfriend after a loverrrrly weekend but missin her 
Just spoke w/ woman who pulled 3 kittens last fall (from Kitten Warehouse) but now can't keep the cats 
Just spoke with my mechanic. Project Saab is dead. 
Just spoke with my Uncle Don, who will not be with us much longer, love Uncle Don.   &quot;it makes my heart hurt, nowing he will be gone soon&quot;
Just sprained my ankle on a drunk walk home.... 
just squashed my leaf, damn, going to have to go and get another tomorrow 
Just started chucking it down!!  so cold and wet!
Just started feeling really sick. Ugh  no bueno.
Just started raining  follow me to see me in the tmobile singalong! X x  http://yfrog.com/af4apj
Just started raining in earnest... guess golf is off for today... 
Just started up Isotope on iPhone OS 3.0 and it doesn't work too well   it judders a lot... shame, I liked that game a lot too.
Just started weight watchers and I'm so hungry!! I wish I had more points 
Just starting this tweet thing cuze so bord at work I do graveyard at a local mall how fun is that 
Just starting work not fair 
just stay at home 
just staying after school trying to do some I.C.T coarsework! 
Just stepped in gum 
just stepped out of the bed for the first time today and wishes that I had left for Thomasville early this morning 
Just stepped outside for a minute - it's raining hard ... and it's COLD!  Will someone please remind Mother Nature that it's June!  
Just stood on a mini bottle of moisturiser. It went evrywhere all over my cushion and all 
Just stopped a healthy squirrel from mauling one with a broken leg. The injured one crawled away before i could catch it to help 
Just stopped at a little gas station in newkirk, nm. Felt like i walked into a horror movie. No slashers tho 
just studied for 6 hours. im still screwed 
just stuffed myself with taco bell. not a good idea lol! and they forgot the sauce....how horrible!! 
Just sunned on my balcony and burned myself so now i look like a pig  &lt;3
Just swapped my dentist appt. for an eye exam appt! GO ME! Putting the worst off for the end 
Just synced phone to laptop and wondering when tweets to phone will be fixed 
just taken 1/2 hour to learn to tie a evenk knot. I'm BAD with knots 
just taken time out for a spot of gardening - cut the grass, trimmed the hedge, cut through the mains cable on the hedge trimmer.... 
Just talked 2 more ks friends thru layoffs  #istherecessionoveryet   Amy Lizzy Lamb   Amy Lizzy Lamb
Just talked to a bunch of devs who told me what I'm trying to do is insanely hard/impossible to implement. 
Just talked to a bunch of devs who told me what I'm trying to do is insanely hard/impossible to implement.  #fb
just talked to E and Jeff. I'm crying now. 
Just talked to hubby for the last time for 7weeks 
just talked to my baby! i didnt know how much i miss him until now 
just talked to my beau.. he's 330 miles away in a college town hopefully not partyin it up w/ some b****s  i miss him
Just talked to my grandma and my sister to wish them both Happy Mothers Day. Made me realize how much it sucks being far from home. 
Just talked to my grandma, she isn't doing too good 
just talked to my mom on the phone for 2 hours and is currently a little homesick. 
just talked to my mom, miss her sooo much 
just talked to my peeps in OH ... uuuupset 
Just talked to my wife and kids in Chicago. They're having a blast without me. 
just talked to selena gomez on the phone ...then it got hung up 
Just talked two young boys out of buying a ouji board (spell check). It made me sad 
Just taught two piano lessons, get a little break now as one cancelled. 
Just teared up while watching Desperate Housewives.  omg I'm so lame.
just testing once more, then ill have my last fag for the evening, then bed time to get up early 
Just that I hate Harry Potter and hate the living guts out of Johnny Depp.
just the one 
Just the thing for a Monday morning. Monster Epic #Fail 
Just these last two days,Singapore had encountered 50 H1N1 cases; raising the total number of cases to 126. http://tinyurl.com/mt8ho6 
just think.. 6 more days 'till the greatest spectacle in racing ! xD excited ! limping to school haha my knee hurts 
Just thinking about the need to have one of my teeth pulled out or the need for braces 
Just thinking and the only reason I'm really gutted is now I have nothing to wear my dress to 
Just thinking back to how we started. 
just thinking of the idea makes me feel sick  i need to find 'hard faced bitch' evening classes...
Just thinking.... 
Just this morning I was reading that Farah Fawcett was nearing death. Now I read, she has passed on at an early age of 62 
JUST THOUGH I SHOULD GIV A TWIT SINCE I HAVNT IN AGES COZ MY COM BEEN BROKE  X
just thought I would show you a picture of me when I was younger. Yupp, those were the good o'le days  http://twitpic.com/6vdvf
Just threw away my bouquet. 
Just threw out my favourite pair of jeans ever.  Farewell old friends 
just threw up  gonna be a great exam...
Just threw up my cranberry juice  your already winning  monday.
just threw up my dinner from last night.... thank you talitha for feeding me poision 
Just time traveled. In Denver where they also don't believe in starbucks in the airport (or at all) 
just to clear something up, the  face was by no means related to the downloading music part, the studying however is accompanied by 
just to clear the air. i hav nth against old folks. their persistence is just annoying. im really not the &quot;peter&quot; you're looking for. 
just to let everyone know the real kpriv broke evyana12 heart today goodnit twitter 
Just to update folks definitively -- yeah, our laptops' internet connection is FUBAR. No Sony liveblog.  Look for an aftershow report!
just today i stoped to watch &quot;thinking of you&quot; of katy perry and the video is so saaaaaaaad 
Just told a random old swiss woman that I'll be attending her bible study tomorrow. I'm so gonna let her down  bless her though
Just told a random old Swiss woman that I'll be attending her bible study tomorrow. She's so gonna be let down  bless her though
Just told by IT that Kingman is having power fluctuations all over the city. May lose power here at some point.  #group 21
Just told Joe what his anniversary present is because it wouldn't get here in time 
just told my dad about the gate debacle yesterday and he laughed in my face. ouch. ha, it was funny, but it bloody hurt 
just told my husband bye....now 12 days by myself 
Just too tired... 
Just took a closer look at my soap and decided to hold off from taking them out of the mold. They are just a wee bit too soft. 
Just took a drive around town. Why is it that all the Asian restaurants are the only ones not busy tonight? Including Thai Thais? 
Just took a drug test. Most akward thing I have ever experienced.  the lady was watching me the whole time! :/
Just took a good ass nap now I have to get up and ready for work ugH! And is mad my niggA jaY cominG uP and I have to Work 
just took a hot relaxing bubble bath. now about to go babysit . 
Just took a nap, am still tired.. 
Just took a pic with ricky williams.. and he doesn't have dreads anymore 
just took a shower and cut myself shaving  awww mannn. it stings!
Just took a stroll through Dar Es Salaam... many guys with big guns and lots of dust. Friendly people. Couldn't find a bar 
just took a walk  around the neighborhood, is back home and  is once again fighting with insomnia.... and loosing! not good 
Just took an energy shot and now I'm jammin in my car driving to houston. Alone 
Just took another 2 nurofen... hmmm these teeth are making my ear hurt! #Italy could help me 
Just took Cardinology off my iPod.  Never could get into that album and that Nano was full.  Sorry, Ryan 
Just took delivery of my new iPhone 32G S.  Have to wait a couple of hours for it to charge and sync before I can use it 
Just took Laney back to 4H camp!  
just took my baby to work 
Just took my computer to Geek Squad. Guess I'm offline for a couple days 
Just took my FAA knowledge exam. Got a 95  70 is passing, so I should not complain too much.
Just took my first poli sci test. I hope I passed, online classes are harder than I expected 
Just took my grandma some beautiful flower. I miss her a lot  http://twitgoo.com/o8c3
just took my last final!! now perusing around florence the next couple of days and saying my goodbyes 
Just took my Mom to airport...I miss her too much already..  
just took my puppy to the animal emergency hospital 
just took my sat. damn. that shit is hard. 
just took my temperature.. and its 102      ive never had a fever that high b4.. and i feel like crap!
Just took noble for more blood work  poor lil dude. glad that's over with!
Just took off the bandage. so tight. the hole is big it freaks me out. What if blood squirts out while I'm slping? I got ANOTHER bruise! 
just took one caplet of flu max to relief of my runny &amp; blocked nose..ho hum! thought this silly weekend curse has over 
Just took out my favourite piercing 
Just took Stephenie Meyer's dead myspace off my topfriends!  Sad day! One positive: Twilight Lurve has 5000+ friends now!!
Just took teddy for a nice walk....what a nice day! miss my man 
Just took the car out for 4 hours, I put a good 30 miles on it, feel bad ass? Yeah I do :] DON'T LAUGH AT ME 
Just toto school during 2nd period. I would have stayed home if I didn't have to work right after school. 
just touched down in L.A. .... off to my photoshoot, so much for beauty sleep  but thank GOD for photoshop lol!
Just touched up my blonde/pink hair which is sadly damaged. Such is the life of a bleach blonde 
Just tought about going out for a long walk with my dog but I dont know if its gonna rain or not  cant it just be like in LA?
Just tried 2 lay down in bed &amp; go 2 sleep... I hit my head on the freakin backboard! Ouch!! Not a good end 2 the night  oh well gnight!
Just tried an energy drink to report back for you guys, and im sweating and have the worst cramps. I want to lie down 
Just tried backing up my flash drive, but I think it's corrupted as it wants me to format it 
just tried calling the radio station for @adamrifkin and @lookthemovie no one answered 
Just tried downloading pics from old camera's memory card and computer isn't reading it, says there is no program to match 
Just tried out an electric wheelchair. What fun, like driving a bumper car. So expensive to buy 
Just tried playing #playspymaster on my Opera-based cell phone. It failed to authenticate with Twitter. No mobile play for me 
Just tried replacing @elliotjames drum sticks with loofas during candles, the hey Monday crew is quick 
Just tried sushi for the first time and i was so excited but i'm so disappointed. 
just tried the 'audio captcha' while posting on Craigslist, and i swear the sound will haunt my dreams tonight.  crazy stuff... 
Just tried to download os3 but it's just not happening to many ppl trying to download 
just tried to go to elf for the 3RD time &amp; was turned away because they're 'opening late' tonite. what IS it w/ that fucking place? ugh 
Just tried to have a cup of tea... .no good 
Just tried to put some money in a charity box, but the money got jammed, and i broke the box 
just tried to register as a &quot;chacha&quot; guide, no longer accepting new guides  I thought I found a new career
Just tried to sign up for @Foursquare but apparently Knoxville is not a big enough city  Will Knox ever be on the list?
just tried to update TweetDeck only to have the installation fail   having to use the web interface for now ... Hello Wednesday morning :/
Just tried to use my old scanner for the first time in years and there's no driver for OSX. Junk. 
just tried to win Taylor Swift tickets, but I didn't 
Just tried to write @jeffreecuntstar a letter to give him at Warped, but I got all emotional. Now I'm kinda sad 
Just tried updating the OS on my iPhone. CRASH!!   Now my phone won't unfreeze.  great.  
Just tried walking in her bride maid's shoes for my sister's wedding.. and i'm 6 ft 2 in them! Owwwiee, heels are so painful! 
Just tries to share, and it taken the wrong way.  
Just trimmed my rose bushes.  Gee they are so pretty in bloom but so prickly to trim. 
Just tripped and fell  in front of people  in a skirt  on my way to the dreaded gym  too awesome 
Just tryed out the palm pre at the sprint store. It feels great in the hard but sadly it's on a bad network 
Just trying an update from my phone. Too bad I'm with sasktel so I can't get things delievered to me!! 
just trying to research 1950's but is gettting very distracted 
just trying to sell stuff, huh? No one's trying to develop relationships here 
just tryng hard to translate some texts about core stability!  gosh!!! so boring!
just turned my freshly bathed, clipped and groomed horse out in the mud and rain and carried my saddles, tack and clothes back inside. 
just turned off my Canon and she says &quot;Recording.. Remaining images: 6..&quot;  but nothing happens.. 
Just turned on MTV and saw @LaurenConrad leaving The Hills and it still makes me upset. 
Just two more days ;D My head hurts.   &amp; I'm so scared, because of tomorrow.
Just two of us at work today 
Just typed a two page extra credit essay for english.  last day of having Hoffman as my teacher since he might not be back!!! :[
Just typed up a quarter of Chapter 2 for Anonymous... Still have a long way to go 
Just typing now to get to 400. Being silly. I hate surgery. The meds are cool but not being cut open! 
Just unfollowed a few folks... please do not spam me w/how to get 10,000 followers or how to make a million dollars! I'm not interested. 
just up and it's freezing 
Just up in Indy. Heading back to Miami.   Busy Week next week..
Just up! Revision, Cleaning. Blaah. Save me. 
Just up, Feeling illl 
Just up, going to cram in loads of revision tonight for tomorrows test! Can't believe first year is nearly over 
Just updated Flightsim X to SP2 and now it says my graphics card isn't up to spec and aborts! No more flying without and upgrade 
Just updated my calendar and now I am on holiday when we are still rolling out a project! 
Just updated my iPhone software to 3.0...  Boring! Nothing to be excited about 
Just updated my pre, and all my customizations went away 
Just updated my To-Do List (notepad, need something else?) with Flickr and downloads. Internet being slow and sluggish 
Just updated the website... June 3rd Music Night is cancelled   Not enough ticket sold
Just updated to 3.0 so awsome just miss cydia 
just updated ubuntu... firefox`s updated too; n it just got a notch slower... 
Just uploaded my cotillion pictures....oh how I miss my debut 
just uploaded the Liverpool pics onto her computer and is now doing homework 
just uploaded these pix - April 7th, huh?  Could have fooled me.   http://is.gd/rbg9
just used my last tsp of coffee 
Just used the Street Fighter IV benchmark tool and got an A Rank score! High five! Now I just wait for the game to be released  (PC)
just used up my first tube of sunblock. and I'm not even going to the beach   
Just used young Jedi for the first time in a conversation. Mission completed. tweetdeck is down  http://bit.ly/JkMm9
Just using http://fisl.vidanerd.com to organize my participation on #fisl10 I didn't find anything about #wordpress 
Just visiting my Nan down Myton Hospice  but at least she is in the best place for her!
just voiced story and handed it off to photographer to edit. Working with Scott and @harrisonwfrv5 tonight. Scott's not on twitter 
Just waaaay too much traffic so I'm doing an about face. Sigh, oh well 
Just wacked the computer screen by accident and now my knuckles hurt 
JUST WAITING 4 OUR FOOD... IM TIRED! 
just waiting 4 the tym 2 cum so i have 2 go skool 
Just waiting at the entrance of the mall for desmond to show up 
Just waiting for 3.45 so I can go to work, don't like when ur bored and waiting 
Just waiting for the Estate Agent to come and show us a house. It's so hot, I'm burning up 
Just waiting up for Chris to get home not seen him all week really miss him 
just waiting! 
just wake up.and i got flu  http://plurk.com/p/x2zp6
just wake-up ... and back to work 
just wakin my little sis up from a nap she should neva have had grr.. gonna be up all nite 
Just wakin up feelin crappy didnt even have a full drink last nite but feelin sick to my tummy.... 
just waking up and taking care of the grandson. Momma's sick 
Just waking up feeling really tired. Does hayfever exist outside the UK or it it a pollution thing in England. Never had it in Cyprus 
Just waking up i feel like shit my head is pounding  i wonder how brandon and the others feel lol
Just waking up! I wonder what my puppies are doing? My throat hurts 
Just waking up, early Sunday here! Still in bed ill  is it mothers day in the us?
Just waking up, i wish it was sunnier 
Just waking up, my stomach is killing me as always. Tired of being anxious every single morning... 
Just waking up.  Got a hell of a headache from last night...sm1 bring me some aspirin please. 
Just waking up.  The Proposal was good! Now on to yardwork.  --Josh
just waking up. didnt sleep very well last nt 
just waking up. I thought I could sleep my problems away but nope Im still broke 
Just waking up. I wanna go to Blue Bayou. My legs hurt from dancing with the girls last night 
Just waking up. Yawn! Still sleepy. 
just waking up... bye Santiago 
just waking up...ahh i have a headache 
just waking.realizing i have 2 work 2day  but imma try 2 kickit it 2nite, besides...its friday!!!
just walked 22 miles. nakered 
Just walked 40 minutes to the treinstation HHW. Now on my way to A'dam. Had way to much wine y'day, no motorcycle lesson for me today 
Just walked along the beach avec le boyfriend-well nice evening! Heading back to the London pad tomorrow-I'm going to miss the beach!! 
just walked forty blocks to learn that UP opens next weekend. in spanish. 
Just walked home from the station in the pissin down rain an is not happy!! 
Just walked in and Its hot as ballz in my apartment 
just walked in the house. just in time for the hills finale!! no more lc 
just walked into my couch and wall.  ow. fuck my eyesight.
Just walked past Nick from the Apprentice in Leichester Sq! No Margret I'm afraid 
Just walked the beach, I am appauled at the trash that has washed up. Our Marine life don't stand a chance. 
just walked the dog. everyone else is hot but im stone cold 
just walked to work. was soooooo cold this morning, plus the dust is really building up already. 
Just walked up the stopped 5 story escalator at peachtree center.  Who knew I'd be getting a workout on the way to class? Urban trek.
Just want t have a good rest  - http://tweet.sg
Just want to crawl back into bed.  My birthday wish is a restful day.  Not likely though 
Just want to fly to moon and stay for a while clear my head!! Living on earth isn't all it's cracked up to be. 
Just want to leave! More work at home  fml
Just want to say my avatar is green it just does not show up well     Go Iran!
Just want to see the aloud now... Only thing keeping me going 
Just want to stay in all day and keep hangin out with the boyfriend 
just wanted to crawl back to bed this morning. but oh no, school was the only option fer me. 
Just wanted to say Good night to all of my friends! NY'S weather has been pretty stinky... I want some nice weather to go to the park! 
just wants all the puppies in the world to find good homes and not be sad and alone, tortured, or euthanized 
just wants everything she cant ever have 
just wants her baby hear to scare them away! 
just wants her boob job for FREE!!!! 
Just wants stephen 
just wants the job thing to be sorted already 
just wants this fucking thing to work from my phone!!! 
just wants this last essay to go away, i don't wanna do it 
Just wants to be done. 
just wants to be everything he wants. 
just wants to be famous 
just wants to feel better...my head is going to eSpLoAd 
just wants to go back to beddd  classes + lab = a sucky way to start the AM!
just wants to go home 
just wants to go to sleep 
Just wants to help. I guess you don't see it 
just wants to see Geraint - I miss him 
just wants to sleep, no matter how much she's missed school, people, and playing music.  She's just worn out, and it's only Tuesday.  
Just washed my chihuahua's paws in the sink after her walk...looked like she was tap dancing ! She didn't like it 
just washed my hair super ghetto baptism-style.  boooo.
just washed the car, it's not sunny today 
Just wasted calories on the worst lunch 
Just watch 4x15 Arf-arf, psycho. no more faith for me  
just watch Gran Torino.. it was sad  but he was the coolest grumpy old man.. haha.. i love it.. so offensive.. great stuff..
just watched &quot;7 Pounds&quot;.  Crying  but a good cry. Weather is beautiful here.
Just watched &quot;Disaster Movie&quot;.... Soooooooooo much bullsh*t...  
just watched &quot;just friends&quot; remebered it as a comedy but it was just plain depressing 
Just watched &quot;Milk&quot; - wondering why we never learned about Harvey Milk in school. We still have so far to go...  
just watched &quot;my finale&quot;= episode finale... of the SEASON FINALE... of SCRUBS!! so sad it's really over! bou 
just watched &quot;my finale&quot;= episode finale... of the SEASON FINALE... of SCRUBS!! so sad! bou 
Just watched &quot;The Unusuals&quot; for the first time. LOVED IT. I just found out it was cancelled 
just watched 4 episodes of &quot;Runs House&quot; . .I love them!! and I miss the Osbournes 
just watched 4 gossip girl episodes, forgot how good it was actually cheered me up! :-D goin to bed now, trainin at 8.45am ARE YOU JOKIN? 
just watched 7 pounds.   going to try and sleep but I know I won't be able to. today was the worst. 
Just watched a &quot;Conservative&quot; ad that inspires hate. I can't vote for a party that can't talk issues and resorts to personal attacks 
Just watched a girl wipe out horse jumping. She head planted the ground and is now in the ambulance. 
Just watched a pretty amazing episode of C.S.I .. damnn.. back to life tomorrow 
just watched a really depressing movie about ghosts 
Just watched a vid,''Photos of ME meeting WWE superstars'' Oh man,that guy met Maria,Lilian and Mickie!!!!OMFG!!!LUCKY DUDE! ) 
just watched a video on how mcdonalds kills their chickens lol it was so sad!!! 
Just watched an amazing movie!!! Utterly exhausted...last day in Motown tomorrow 
just watched an episode of The Office. That was 30 minutes I wasted and won't get back. 
Just watched an hour of Cruise Holidays on Sky - I so should be on Holiday 
just watched angels and demons, it´s a good movie, but i didin´t loved it, they really mutilated the book and changed many things 
Just watched Anna n the King with @TomFelton. I loved it,so sad 
Just watched apprentice, mehh its ok. Kat should have won  x
Just watched Avril perform Tomorrow live from a few years back ...  I couldn't stop crying. &lt;/3.
Just watched back my videos from Britney's tour and now I want to go again 
just watched Bron Bron eat the magic. 
just watched Brother Bear with Jordie, and cried.. 
just watched Donnie Darko again and it would have been better. p.s. I think they're making a third one about Billy. 
Just watched Drag me to Hell &amp; it was the first time I was actually scared  haha
Just watched Dragons' Den: Peter Jones' story! Proper addicted to Dragons' Den! It's not on Dave at 7 in morn 2morrow 
Just watched Gossip Girl, that episode was gr8! Can't wait for the next one (: But I have to wait like..A FREAKING WEEK!  Nooo..
Just watched Gran Torino.....a Clint Eastwood movie is not supposed to end like that!!! 
just watched grand torino; legit, but made me sad. here i am watching movies turnin down others of beer pong invites  gym in the morning.
just watched greys anatomy ! it makes me soo sad 
just watched her best friends dog get hit by a car.... not a good thing 
Just watched hotel for dogs and wept. Pups and the thought of the pound makes me so sad 
just watched Hotel for Dogs...very cute but made me miss Jake. 
just watched I Love You, Man on watchtvsitcoms.com. it wasnt bad. now i have to wash and clean everything from camping 
Just watched Jimmy Kimmel... the Jonas Brothers didn't get interviewed.  Oh well... Joe looked hot though. Haha.
just watched John and Kate plus 8, now i'm sad  so i'm uploading youtube videos and listening to JB &lt;3
just watched Jon and Kate plus 8....now i'm sad 
just watched mall cop kinda dumb but a little funny. forever and always- taylor swift  u have to know wat the songs about, wat a jerk
Just watched 'Marley &amp; Me' aww i liked it but it was sad at the end 
just watched marley and me and i balled my eyes out... it was so depressing to me, im going to be 
Just watched Marley and Me, it was very sad 
just watched marley and me, sweetest movie 
Just watched MARLEY AND ME. Sad to say, this movie actually made a grown man like me cry.    Made me think about me and my dog Hinano.
Just watched Marley and Me...Now I'm bawling and holding my 10 year old chihuahua!  
Just watched Max Payne again lol, about to watch Marley &amp; Me then 7 Pounds...they ate the pizza without me  ha
just watched McFly dvd again and i wanted to cry so bad because i didn't go to their show last month 
just watched McFly's 'on the road' thing from their Live at Wembley DVD. im jealous. wish they'd come here.. 
Just watched Milk for the first time.. What an amazing movie.. Still sad though 
Just watched my dumbo rat die  saddest moment ever. I miss her already.
just watched my last episode of late night with @jimmyfallon. fuck i'm gonna miss this country 
just watched my son leave with the 7th grade beach trip and he will be gone for 3 days, I cried. 
just watched Natalee Holloway on lifetime.  really sad.
Just watched Newcastle lose,, Again!!  Anyways I'll put Britiains Got Talent on, possibly to renew my hope in things! :S
Just watched Nick &amp; Norah's Infinite Playlist.. wouldn't really recommend it. Now back to the essay writing 
Just watched nick and norahs infinite playlist. I liked it...but i dont think the hubby was a fun  next on our list...3:10 to yuma
just watched Ole Miss lose today  ..........Got to win tomorrow
Just watched one of the last 3 #Pushing Daisies episodes. So bittersweet! I loved this show and I'm so sad to see it ending. 
just watched orangutang diary... saw the cutest baby that now has no mother thanks to palm oil... 
Just watched pinks new video, I am going to have nightmares now. 
Just watched Prince on Leno tonight show, his second to last EVER tonight show, Tomorrow is his Iast show 
Just watched Prison Break: The Final Break. Emotional ending 
Just watched Quantum of Solace, had some gd action scene's but overall I'm a little dissapointed...  not much of a story line..
just watched 'quantum of solace'. Thought it was a bit rubbish 
Just watched Saw 2 with Teddy, ewww.. horrible 
Just watched season 2 and season 3 of &quot;The game&quot;.. damn now im upset they took it off the air 
Just watched Season one episode one of True Blood. Now I'm gonna have to rent the DVD, because our HBO free preview is over after today.  
Just watched series finale of Arrested Development. Can't believe it's over  #fb
just watched seven pounds on dvd and i'm crying 
Just watched Seven Pounds.  Feel vaguely depressed.  
Just watched slumdog millionaire - it's a great film! Horrible to see how some people live  x
Just watched some footage of Singularity. Looks like I could easily fall in love with that game. I wish Trico wasn't PS3 exlusive 
just watched street fighter: chun li awesome movie. critics dont know shit bed. early am 
just watched street kings. my leg hurts...I wanna smoke...wish I had monies. 
Its like 3 cars on the road... I miss the city 
it's like 6 am and I cannot go back to sleep 
its like 8 rite now, and i want to go swimming. too bad mommys got the car 
its like a heat bomb in my house 
it's like a million years since i missed you so badly 
it's like a monsoon here only without the ocean 
Its like a sand storm at krishi bhavan metro station... Cant even find an auto. 
It's like half a centimeter but it very slowly grows. I'm so scared my Mac screen will break. 
It's like I wandered into a damn daycare by mistake. I want this shift to end NOW. Hongry too 
It's like I'm psychic or something. Here I am, floated to H5200. And I have 6 patients. Uh... reiterates the fact that I don't like tele 
It's like Lost all over again with that Air France plane lost in the Atlantic..and I'm flying half way 'round the world next week! Boohoo 
Its like my headache gets worse by the second. 
It's like saying that baby sapling will never grow into a beautiful tree. Never giving it the chance to grow. Setting it on fire. 
Its like she doesnt want to come 
It's like they are playin basketball up there!!!!!! 
its like youwithoutME  im sadddd
It's like, mid-May.. with late October weather. Why is it so cold? 
Its like, people get caught up in things that have nothing to do with what life is really about. sad 
it's loading so.. slow 
It's lonely in the apartment without @shannonnora 
it's lonely now that the people i talk to dont want to talk to me..  ive just been sitting around at home alone.
It's looking like a trip to amsterdam with badger might be a bit too expensive 
It's looking like I'll only be getting a teeny pay rise this year 
Its looking like its going to be an awful day already 
It's lunch time , no frosted flakes , crap   Plan B buffalo wings and stale pizza
Its lunch time but I feel like its more like sleep time! Sheesh I'm tired!  http://myloc.me/3VXU
It's lunchtime and I'm sooo hungry  all the kids have lunch and I don't.
is dealing with the fact that sometimes upholding the law does more damage than good....  
Is deeply saddened that Mark Richardson has left Feeder, omfg dude, you will be greatly missed! 
is delayed at the Newark airport 
is delaying the inevitable of working on a sunday 
Is Demi Lovato and Trace Cyrus Together? &lt;/3 
is depresed. 
is depressed  http://plurk.com/p/126odv
is depressed from the amount of work that just pilled on 
Is depressed he didn't find the charger first 
is depressed.  I guess i just miss home.
is depressed. I hate the rain.  http://plurk.com/p/11qlvq
is depressed. No matter what she does, she can't make anyone happy. 
is depressed. So many turnovers  #hawthorn #afl
is deprived off internet since moving into the new house..... 
is desperate to go riding.  Watching Northanger Abbey and missing mucking around in Oxford with Aunty Val 
is desperate to go shopping! 
is desperate to go to the venice beinnale 
Is desperate to play on his new game! 
is desperatly hoping my dad takes me to vanessa's game 
is devastated about Lucas and Peyton leaving One Tree Hill 
is devastated hes never going to be there again 
is devastated that she has lost £75!! 
is disappointed  the Heaven &amp; Eggs pancake in Glorietta branch is not as good as the one in Libis http://tin... http://plurk.com/p/xowdu
Is disappointed about the 2 shot defeat to Kent 
is disappointed Danny wasn't in the final two on American Idol.  
is disappointed from the party - The Event was so boring....  I don´t like it, when people means to being a cut above somebody else..
is disappointed that Margaret won't be in next years apprentice 
is disappointed that peoples FB updates pretty much equal their tweets...why bother then? I thought there'd be more activity/new material 
Is disappointed that the cool beats my friends were doing at hershey might not be able to get out of the vidz 
is disappointed that trading eye v6 from @dpivisiondotcom still uses tables for checkout form layouts  Any particular reason?
Is disappointed that Worley isn't here. 
is disappointed to learn Newark, OH cancelled their july 4 fireworks due to the economy 
is disappointed with the pretty low number of visitors of her site (used to be at least 1300 per day - now it's 1000) What happened? 
just watched teh new moon trailer - cant believe we have to wait till november to see it  anyone know when it comes out in america?
just watched that video of the iranin protestor Neda after she was shot. horrific, had to turn it off half way, poor lady 
just watched the 3rd season of The O.C., Marissa died. Very sad  going on with season 4 now xD
Just watched the after show 
Just watched the Angels and Demons movie.. they didn't show the Illuminati Diamond 
Just watched the bachelorette. I can't believe Ed left 
just watched the biography of Freddie Mercury. soo sad! he died 4 days after I was born. I cried. 
Just watched The Boy In The Striped Pajamas, sad movie 
just watched the cavs lose 
just watched the documentary 'Earthlings' for the umpteenth time, it is always upsetting 
Just watched the episode of Ghost Whisperer where Jim died 
Just watched The Fashion Show on Bravo for the first time...Project Runway is so much better! Sad day 
Just watched the final Bar�a game we'll see while living here. It makes me really sad. Next year I'll be in Missouri watching at B-Dubs. 
Just watched the final Jay Leno Tonight Show  We'll miss him!
Just watched the first two episodes of Royal Pains... made me miss my home/ mom in the Hamptons  Getting ready for work!
Just watched The Goode Family premiere online... And I think this may be the last episode I watch. It's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
Just watched the Hatton fight. Over v.quickly - �2.5 per minute that cost me 
Just watched the hills finale  i def won't be watching since @laurenconrad is gone and the bitch is in
Just watched the Hills finale, LOVE Lauren!! But now back to criminal law... 
Just watched The Hills finale. Lauren's exit was nice. I will miss her 
Just watched the infamous Jon and Kate episode. How sad  Hope everything works out for the best.
Just watched the International...Somewhat dissapointing 
just watched the last 15 min of john &amp; kate.. made me sad 
just watched the last epi of the hills  .. now family bbq!
just watched the last epiosde of scrubs. dude....hardcore 
just watched the last episode of jay leno 
just watched the last three episodes of pushing daisies. beautiful show. I HATE ABC FOR CANCELING THEM. what bitches. 
Just watched the last two episodes of SPN. 
just watched the most horrific and twisted film ever (The Good Son) 
just watched the movie &quot; up&quot; last night.. it was aight.. shud have watched angels and demons... 
Just watched the new Harpers Island. A little surprised they gave away the/a killer already. The series must be ending real soon. 
just watched the new moon trailer...i'm excited yet sad...it wont be as good as the book 
just watched the notebook its so sad 
Just watched the nuggets loose  I wanna go c up!!!
just watched the saddest movie, The Boy With The Striped Pajamas.   sooo sad.
just watched the season finale of ugly betty.. so sad.. 
Just watched the series finale of Scrubs. Why must all good shows end? 
just watched the strangers.....i am now really scared hahah 
Just watched the trailer for my sisters keeper, think that will be a film that i'll have to wear waterproof mascara to the cinema 
just watched the trailer for New Moon. from the little bit that it showed, it's already far from the book 
Just watched the Ugly Betty season finale. It definitely ended on a pretty sad note 
just watched the whole &quot;Namaz Jomeh&quot; and believes all of this bloodshed will be lost after his speech! what a shame; what a pity 
Just watched this week's episode of House. Oh my God - it was so sad  made me cry.
Just watched this whole weeks masterchef episodes on masterchef.com.au. Happy! Now its back to studying  bah!
just watched three movies tonight while studying. I didn't want to study tonight.  I need a much deserved break.
just watched Transformers a while ago, Optimus Prime~! 
Just watched tv news that a 3 yr old boy, put a puppy into the toilet and flushed it! Oh my god, you should see the puppy, its so cute 
just watched twilight. officially love that movie. i dont feel good tho, im gonna go eat....i wish i never had to say goodbye to himm &lt;/3 
Just watched ugly betty finale.. so sad 
Just watched UK apprentice from last night - thanks to uknova. Shopping channel trash task - love it!! Makes me homesick though 
just watched UP in 3d - that movie is so beautiful but so sad at the same time 
Just watchin big bro..... cant stand freddie 
Just watchin telly waitin to go bak 2 work  really pleased things r turnin around now! 
just watching a movie and dredding work tomorrow 
just watching hollyoaks omg 
Just watching news footage about plane crash, awful 
just watching robert pattinson get hit my a cab awww poor rob 
just watching some movies, getting kinda tired  --- on the count down, 13 days to go!
just watching t.v. i'm glad that the power came back on. but no ones up...their still sleeping...  i'm all alone...
Just waved my sister &amp; the little ones off to New Zealand. Forever. Weird. And unbearably sad 
Just weighed myself  i'm never going to reach triple digits
Just wen i was getting excited to go home after work ... I remember i have class   ...my motivation? ... My higher goal ;]
Just went 2 rent a movie at my great local video store in west stockbridge MA for the 1st time in months &amp; they have gone out of business 
Just went 2c star trek, was really good. Then sum jerk nrly wiped me out driving home 
just went and got some chinese! it was delicious.  but now i have the biggest tummy ache 
just went for a google pr 3 to 0 
Just went for a run with gee around pengersss... YaYer. buggered though  Dayuum,,
Just went for walk along beach with the family and ended up getting caught in a storm. Two very wet parents, two very scared daughters 
just went in the bathroom to find my beta fish flopping on the floor  how the hell did she manage to jump out of her bowl?!
Just went into urban outfitters. Depressed. There are so many delightful clothes that I don't owwwnnnn 
just went jogging now I'm eating Chinese Food...good job Julia...Good Job 
Just went looking at the most incredible vintage display cases and other haberdashery furniture goodies. SO expensive though. 
just went on a 10k jogg, now my right foot &amp; knee are sore... 
Just went on a bike ride and fell off... Cut my leg open 
just went on a hunt for Pizza Hut in Durban - sad to say it seems they have closed down.  we ended up at the beach strip at McRibs!
Just went on a work-related bike ride through Englischer Garten with her colleagues and is now settling in for a long day of work. Boo! 
just went out, so bright and sunny and warm outside... now back at the cold air-conditionned office with NO WINDOWS !! 
Just went Swimming. Sunburn 
Just went through some of my niece's clothes from when she was a newborn... it seems like yesterday when she was that small 
Just went to blockbuster alone, I managed to run into a wall AND	get my shirt caught on a candy rack... 
Just went to every pet store in a ten mile radius and my snake is still hungry  helpppp
JUST WENT TO JERMEYS FUNERAL  IM REALLY SAD
Just went to make a cheese sandwich and opened my new cheese and it was already mouldy 
Just went to see Phil and Fern in All Star Mr and Mrs...utter legends! &quot;Doggy dos!&quot; Man I love them! Cant believe Fern is leaving TM  xx
Just went to sleep for what felt like a good hour. It was ten minutes, still shattered 
Just went to the dunes and walked back in the rain. Was it worth it... For nachos?  haha
Just went to the LouisLouisefanday its was awesome i have allot of photos but i dont meet them 
Just went to wagamamas for dinner and had cheesecake at the anchor - funtimes  sadly our house's &quot;May Ball&quot; is no longer happening 
just went tp southy nm today.. it was actually pretty boring as always 
just went tubing. that was fun and relaxing but now i'm sunburned 
Just went up, the weather sux! 
just wernt by jesses 
just what am I supposed to think? 
just when a plan seems to be forming ,ding, there it goes.Oh well hopefully this isnt how the rest of my birthday weekend is gonna be 
Just when I decide to leave Twitter &amp; go take a nap I get more pics of Rob filming in NYC. Dang it! Luv the pics but I need a nap! 
just when i start to get ahead.... blahhhhhhhhh!!!!! this sucks 
Just when I think I know my city well enough, I get lost 
Just when I think I'm gonna hit 100 I loose a couple of tweeps.  Come on people let's get @WHEEZYDABOSS to 100. Now let's get it.
Just when I think I've crossed every hurdle BAM, there's another one in my face 
Just when I thought albany couldn't any worse my ao's leave me 
Just when I thought I could get a break hubby called to say running late 
Just when I thought I could leave 
Just when I thought I found someone to hold on to...they let go..just like dat 
just when i thought i was done! nooooooooooooooooooo 
Just when I thought my night couldn't get any worse... Denver Lost 
just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight, i bet.  my life is a misery.
JUST when I was about to comment on how great the walk with the kiddoes &amp; the dogs was too! 
Just when I was having fun talking on my cell phone, the freakin' thing run out of juice! Arggg....later again I hope??? 
Just when I'd found my happy place 
just when im in the mood to cook, i ran out of gas. 
Just when life was beautiful, computer problems.  Can I get a fracking break pleazzzzzzzzzz! Man! Looks like a job for bed.
Just when my wife is beginning to feel strong and confidant in our HSing, a family member manages to shoot her down 
Just when you meet someone that is close to perfect, there's that one little flaw  Why did she have to be like everyone else?
Just when you think you have fixed a server.... 
Just when you thought the coast was clear...  more sick children 
Just where is OS3 
just wings tonight. no more cavs 
Just wish I can go home as soon as possible.... y it always has to be like this? 
Just wish I could be with you... 
Just wish i taken a picture of that now  
just wish she knew   
Just witnessed a huge fight between the neighbors and him leaving. 
just witnessed chelsea winning the cup. o well that sucks 
Just witnessed salt on leech approach. It really does work but looks mean 
just witnessed the BIGGEST spider crawling up me like i was its home and screamed. Now people around me at the train station are laughing 
just wok up. has to do exam review now 
Just woke back up. Gotta go to att and beg for a new phone 
Just woke from my 4 hour nap. Ugh. Disgusting. I can't believe i slept that long! 
just woke up 
just woke up  and am still very very tired. welll i think imma going to have some breakfast. ttfn and ttyl!~!
just woke up  boring day today, have to go do laundry then pick up some stuff from the grocery store. aim-yanixvillanueva
Just woke up - didnt hav a very gud sleep  - 2 many anxious dreams  Going 2make scrambled eggs for breakfast then go bak to bed!
Just woke up  fkk rechargedd readyYy 4 tonighttt ;)
Just woke up  time to seize the carp lol
just woke up - what a waste of a day 
Just woke up  Would it be totally bad to go back to sleep *yawns*
It's lunchtime but i have no money so that means no food 
its madd nasty outside ewww I hate havin to put my hair in a ponytail but I really have no choice 
its made me want to yell im a girl not the grimfreakinreaper 
its mah birrthdayyy tomorrow. ahhhh, studying for mah permit, then for finals  fml
its may... but it feels like December in SoCal right now. the weather is fuglyy. 
Its May... Why is it so damn cold?! Stop with the doomy gloomy weather please 
Its mid june but its still hot. NO rains 
It's midnight and I am feeling hungry. 
It's midnight, and I'm still wired 
Its midnight. And suprise, suprise, here in England, its raining.  We have had great weather for a week! Now its crappy weather again. 
It's misty here in So Cal Coastline... I could use a hot cup of tea --- no caffeine for me lately is so sad!   I am out of plain Rooibos!
It's monday  2 much 2 do 4 school 2moro.
its monday  sigh
It's Monday again  I have a BNI meeting at 8am.
It's Monday again and back to work 
Its monday already 
It's Monday and i am going to lose my &quot;partner in crime&quot; at work today..she is being sent to the dark side  ~Tam~
it's monday and time for work 
it's monday morning and in Canada, it's also Victoria day.. and Im at work 
It's Monday morning and I've over 100 emails to go through - wah hey! 
It's Monday tomorrow!  Ugh! That means early morning and sitting in school at like 7:45am like a loser...freaking out about a Maths exam!
its Monday, Had a great weekend sad it's over. Hope I have a good week, I will be 30 on Wednesday. 
is disappointed.  No dvd in mail.....     Wish I was riding a horse!
Is disappointed. 12 hours and STILL not online  I'm getting withdrawal symptoms here.
is disappointed. damn you for getting my hopes up! 
Is disappointed. Lost my first game of spades in three months! The close ones hurt. 
is disappointed. sniff sniff! 
is disconnected  phone gone bye bye................
Is disgusted by the fact some artist in china, tattoos live pigs.... then kills them and sells the skin. thats actually sickened me lots! 
is disgustingly over tired. 
is disliking the cta severely. Late for work NOT my fault! Stupid Mondays.....i was doing so good too!! 
is disliking the pimple smack bang between my eyes. Not fair. I have a shoot on Tuesday 
is dissapointed with her ray bans 
Is dissappointed that I cant spent the night @ Shis' 
is dizzy  wtf/ ugh laying down and so excited!!
is dog-tired and wants to go home but has to send the magazine to the printers first 
is doin biology assignment!!shit its due on fridae 
Is doin Homework 
is doin homework how exciting 
is doing a spa 
is doing bloody exams 
is doing her history project 
is doing her homework   ,back to school 2moz   
is doing her rs coursework  
is doing her Science Assignment.  
is doing history coursework 
is doing hmwk 
is doing homework  Sarah &lt;3 Joe
is doing homework and has pins and needles 
Is doing homework... Probably all day 
Is Doing Homeworkk 
is doing hw. 
is doing II - not going very well!!  wps!
Is Doing is assingments 
is doing Maths  and fells maybe there is something i can do to cause some fun 
is doing maths  stupid module exams...
is doing my oral com presentation. busy much  http://plurk.com/p/11ld7r
is doing nothing much 
is doing pretty much nothing........ 
is doing projects due tomorrow and wed. arghh 
is doing projects for consulting companies for free  aarghh
is doing research for first video.....i give up showing myself on camera 
Is doing revision...AGAIN!! 
is doing some budgetting at work this morning   http://plurk.com/p/p4u88
Is doing the cleaning 
is doing the house work today trying to take me mind off it all 
is doing the meeting dance...all day. 
is doing work on a sunday! 
Is done for the day! Fuck yes. Now to catch up! 
is done painting all the bedroom furniture, I still have to do the table but it will wait until after the move. Uggh moving in the heat 
Is done school for about 2 months put is still here cauze i have to wait for my bus to come 
Is done studying...tmrw a nice easy day to get ready for a trying Monday 
Is done with dance until next year  ~Caity
is done with dinner and now has to do Algebra homework :p 
is done with lab report....ouch the 4 red bulls hurt my tummy... 
is done with the slow internet connection for now.... 
is done working i just wish my hubby was! 
is doubtful about June 15th deadline 
is down in the dumps 
is down to 6 followers. 
is down to just jelly beans in my easter basket 
is down with cold n not feeling like working!! 
Is downered.... Uni Application sucks! Wish there was a way to make things better.....  
is downloading skype for my windows....it takes aylot of my time ( internet dodooolll ) 
is downstairs at the bar table; gonna start on socials geo poster project =.=zZZ i feel so sleepy.... couldn't even finish a bowl of rice 
Is downstairs watching a movie. I'm not telling you which one it is. It's proper geeky  but I love it!
Is drained for her slumber on the couch. I dont even wanna move! 
is dreading filling the pool  But the sooner I fill, the sooner we open!! http://plurk.com/p/ud6wc
is dreading goin to bed, cos knows ill be up all night itching my feet! i hate fookin eczema man!!! 
is dreading going back to uni tomorrow... the week break was not enough! When is the Midyear break!?! 
is dreading his French and Spanish exams  -.-
is dreading history. Sigh, spm why do you exist 
is dreading Physics gcse exam tomorrow 
is dreading sunday again 
is dreading Sunday. 
is dreading the fact that she has to wake up really early tomorrow. UGH. 
Is dreading the graphics and textiles exams tomorrow, one after the other from half 1 until half 5! Now that sucks!  lol x
is dressed and heading into town 
is drinking a cup of tea. feels not health 
is drinking clear liquids waiting to be inspected! So much for June 1st! 
is drinking coffee from the mug she used to crush (I mean smash) garlic with...she cant get the smell of garlic out of each sip now 
Is drinking sbucks instant. Not as exciting as first imagined 
Is dropping off my bro to leave for new orleans. A simply joyious day! Just kidding. I'll miss him. 
is drunk again!not looking forward to my drunken bike ride to work tomorrow!i miss my car!! rip zippy yur off to the scrap yard my friend 
is drunk and sad about her missing gig bag.  
Is drunkenly singing Modest Mouse at the top of her lungs. I wonder if the neighbors will complain... Come home Joey 
Is DYING for caffeine, but can't have any because he's only drinking water for this month 
is dying from cramps. 
is DYING from lack of ashes. 
is dying from this heat and all the chemicals she applied onto her face 
is dying her hair! its so itchy though 
Is DYING in this humidity, painting, with no water. 
Is dying of a cold 
is dying slowly of hangover-itis. 
is dying to get tattooed, sigh, all my good guys are booked!!  june 10th is so far away Pastor, but I know it'll be worth the wait!
is EATING a CARB-LOAD of CAKE and COKE. (mmm)(mmm)(mmm) i hope this won't be another weight addition.  http://plurk.com/p/12mkut
is eating a cheese and ham omelette that i made  and gonna learn chemistry now 
is eating a donut fir breakfast and about to go to school 
is eating a Karamel Sutra ice cream that did not come with the caramel center. 
is eating applesauce with a fork.  This is not really a fantastic idea.  
is eating chocolate buhhhh 
is eating chocolates and toffees. Agaaaain. And i already ate lots of cake today. Sorry, abs  http://plurk.com/p/x767g
is eating dolly mixtures, not as the same as the old days tho! 
Just woke up &amp; had a night mare  oh mann it happened twice.
just woke up , so fuken tired 
just woke up . i miss my mommy 
Just woke up . playin golf in a few hours..its too wet tho.  lol
Just woke up ... I'm sleepy and I need something refreshing  I have to study a lot today .. Lame :| &lt;3
just woke up ... still sick ... 
just woke up ...(no text messages  )
Just woke up ...last night was amazing! I'll forever remenber it. I love my 8th grade family. I'll miss you guys. 
just woke up :/ i hate waking up before nine  suxxxxxx
Just woke up 20 min ago!!! I wanted to work on my project!  mad errands to do!! I'm driving od fast in the rain
Just woke up 20 something minutes ago. Went to bed without dinner 
just woke up a d still tired 
Just woke up a little while ago. My last day off 
just woke up about 10 min ago cause only had an hour sleep yesterday  now really bored want to go shopping 
Just woke up after a bad nights sleep  to my 14yr old reciting word 4 word what happened in The Inbetweeners last night ho hum wf lol...
just woke up after sleeping for 14 hours!!! i truly am sick  well at least sleep will help me get better faster!
just woke up again 
just woke up again ... well atleaset my friends love me    should i try going to sleep for a third time or just sdmit today sucks?!
just woke up again. i HAVE to do some shit today or i will prolly hear the same shit i heard yesterdayy. i guess i better go clean house. 
Just woke up and am freaking exhausted  lol
Just woke up and as soon as I was about to start getting ready to party.. its raining 
It's Monday, let's go to work. My knee hurts...  Public transport for me today.
its Monday, school tonight  lol
It's Monday. What the heck am I going to watch on TV tonight, now that the latest season of Chuck is over? Season three please 
Its Monday...back to classes 
it's more then half-way through the year. How are your New Years' resolutions going? Mine: much less then halfway... 
Its Morning ;) yay  School tomorrow  noooo
It's morning already? Are you sure? 
It's morning and still no QuickPwn. 
Its morning, i'm back home from work early, and either my hey fever is worse than ever or someone injected me with swine flu in my sleep! 
its morning. way too early. way too little sleep. really dragging myself to the gym, and I don't have my mp3 player. this is gonna suck. 
Its music time what should I listen too I'm kind of in a bad mood now 
It's my bestfriend's birthday and I'm not even home to see her! 
It's my birthday &amp;&amp; I'll cry if I want to... I miss her so much! 
Its my birthday and i just want to see Adam 
It's my birthday and I'm in work... and I have a splitting head ache 
It's my birthday and it's raining. Oh dear 
Its my birthday and my mom wont do what i want!   *nodaybut2day*
it's my birthday but i feel this is an ordinary day... 
It's my birthday but is it a happy one? No, not yet anyway... maybe it will improve later on. *Waiting on texts* 
is eating her last peanut butter cup 
is eating his last breakfast on the boat. 
Is eating lunch... Alone 
is eating mac and cheese. and just dropped some on his laptop  and now he will clean it off dsajnv/'?';?;l,./.;l./;l,,mfamslvdk;./
is eating mac and cheese. and just dropped some on his laptop keyboard  and now he will clean it off dsajnv/'?';?;l,.;l./;l,,mfamslvdk;./
is eating malteasers, i have work at 5 
is eating shoup yum (not) mmmm had awlful sleep eish i cud think more in the day than i do at night! 
is eating Soto Ceker with my wife after meeting our lawyer friend to discuss about our split plan  make me feel so weird...
is eating special K with warm milk, how has the weather turned so bad 
is eating strawberry-filled chocolate and chocolate soy milk. I need food, my brain ain't working 
Is eating supper late tonight 
Is emotional. 
is employyyed!!!!  .. But I has to get up at 5am  booooooooooooooo
is enduring an electric storm.... great more rain....  
is enduring horrible house music while eating lovely lunch, 
is enjoyin the nice weather, shame i'm in work 
It's My Birthday today! I am no more a teenager now 
It's my birthday today. I feel old, half way to seventy!  had a nice time though in this London heat.
its my birthday tomorrow... you whores 
it's my birthday. Woofuckinghoo. 
it's my birthday...and i have finals 
its my burfday and i'm all alone 
its my day and they make ME go and get the beer! and its not even the beer i like! 
It's my fault because I believed that you liked me as much as I like you... But whatever I'll get over it... You still like her... 
It's my first day back at work today, my holiday is officially over 
Its my freaking vacation! With as much stuff that's happend can't you just be Happy and nice to me! Geeesh!  well I'm going to bed!
its my friday! 3 more pages to go, however, on my 8 page paper due tomorrow 
It's my last day at The Dinner A'fare 
it's my last day here  going to find salvation army.
It's my last day in Maui I'm really sad not ready to go home 
It's my last day of my (mini) vacation, had a great time. I'm going back to work tomorrow. Boo! 
Is enjoying 3.0 being that I won't be able to get 3gs yet 
Is enjoying a coffee while Liam and Myah are still sleeping.. Better wake Liam up though.. He's sick 
Is enjoying a country music radio station from Macon, GA cause stupid England does not have any!! And wzzk in Birmingham, AL is shite... 
is enjoying another day off... but unfortunately its already sunday 
is enjoying Beijing more &amp; more... but still miss Anton  He's getting lots of pressies from Mommy
is enjoying her sunday.. with the crew Watchin this jokas play Cashflow again.. only difference is I need to be saved today... 
Is enjoying my new job.... but really shitty long day!!! no evening time 
is enjoying Saturday w/Adam... he leaves for Germany for a week on Tues. 
is enjoying the &quot;cheekend&quot; in P Dubs.... although not looking forward to going home 
Is enjoying the French Open. Shame that Venus is out though. 
is enjoying the last few Peeps with Mel and Kelly! 
just woke up and dont feel very well.. dont know why..  maybe its because of 2morrow...
just woke up and feeling groggy. I should be studying  But I got a story.
just woke up and feeling like crap.  
Just woke up and had 2 terrible dreams. Ridiculous 
Just woke up and had bad dreams 
just woke up and have a mean headache 
Just woke up and have to get ready for school! Oh the joys!  here we go, and also morning all!
Just woke up and have to go to work 
just woke up and I am still tired after 10 hours sleep 
just woke up and i dont kno why im up this early...work today from 1 to 5 boo 
JUST WOKE UP AND I FEEL BLAH 
Just woke up and i feel relieved Haha now i have to go to work in 2 hours 
Just woke up and i gained and lost a follower overnight!     wekk i am off to teach my grandma how to use the internet byeith!
just woke up and i have a headache! =/ and i have homework to do 
just woke up and I my throat really hurts 
Just woke up and i need to be ready to leave at 8:20 :/. Im so hungry it actually hurts 
just woke up and im dying right now  now have to walk my dog. hes a german shepherd. and very strong. i cant handle him this early lol
just woke up and is now sitting outside his house in his pajamas and glasses because his cleaners just got here 
just woke up and its 11! I cant believe i slept that late  and now my cat is trying to shove her butt in my face. great.
Just woke up and its gloomy again  what's wrong with u weather?? Ur always hot then ur cold
Just woke up and its raining 
Just woke up and looked at my phone and had 98 text. They were all jake and thania talking about joe. Hahaha. Back to bed. I can't sleep. 
Just woke up and now know the rest of my week is going to be shot 
Just woke up and realized I slept away my Saturday night  mikey and I are such bummy sleepy heads
Just woke up and showered. Gotta get ready for school 
Just woke up and start learning 
Just woke up and the weekend is almost over 
just woke up and think i feel worse then i did yesterday  boo.
just woke up and u wuould think with a 15 yr old in the house I could sleep, but HELL NO!!!! they are in my room every 2 minutes yelling 
just woke up and watched some pictures... Now I'm sad about something 
Just woke up and went pee...now I dont think Ill be able to get back to sleep 
just woke up at 3 pm again!  hasnt started that 15 page paper, hasnt started studying for the final tomorow... o well, LAKER GAME!!!!!
Just woke up at 4am &amp; I'm starving. So what do I do? Eat something only 2 go back 2 sleep? Drink a huge glass of H2O? Or can I ignore it? 
just woke up because of my nose. 
Just woke up but now going back to bed for a little while. Working in 4 hours. 
Just woke up completely stressed out about a dream. Rear-ended another car, fled the scene, high-speed cop chase, wreck, divorce, &amp; more! 
Just woke up covered in sweat with a 101.9 temp 
Just woke up feeling ike i could puke 
Just woke up feeling kinda tired.  I really don't want to go to work, especially on a Saturday 
Just woke up from 4 hour nap. Daughter gone, kinda in a funk. Sad 
just woke up from a 2 hr nap wow oi was so tired eating chinese noww! i miss good stuff when i take a nap 
Just woke up from a 3.5 hour nap ooops lol now I am goimg to up all night 
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap lol.. Urgh I think I'm getting sick   ... Medz time and back to bed.. Good Nite ppl!
just woke up from a 6 1/2 hour nap, i feel like i just wasted my night siiigh 
just woke up from a bad dream - i dnt feel right 
just woke up from a dream that I was at some food tasting event and ended up eatn something full of pork-ughhhh  now I can't go back 2 sle
Just woke up from a good nap, but I always got migrain when I have nap 
Just woke up from a horrendous nightmare which involved human shields and tommy guns. I won't get into more detail 
Just woke up from a horrible nightmare. Alarm goes off in 45 minutes and I don't know if I'll fall back asleep 
just woke up from a LONG ass nap!! ..and now i have to get cracking on all of my lame homework 
just woke up from a long, terrible nightmare  - http://tweet.sg
Just woke up from a nap on @bigogotswag couch HOWEVER, he is STILL knocked out..snoring and the whole nine.  so much for hanging out 2nite
Just woke up from a nap. So tired still. Sorry kt for not making it!  I owe you!
Just woke up from a nap. Waiting for best friend to come home from working out. Dinner. Then back to dewitt 
just woke up from a nap... Diversity won! yeah! gonna hunt for vids on yt  on a sadder note, im very congested this morning 
just woke up from a righteous nap. still tired, though 
Just woke up from a scaryy dream bout a huge bug!  [[F.T.F.]]
Just woke up from a sleep, I forgot to send my cover letter and CV earlier 
Just woke up from a super long nap. But I feel so tired still  Side effects of 'over-sleeping'? 
Just woke up from a super long nap.. my head is hurting so bad and my cheeks and ears too. Darn sinuses 
just woke up from a two hour nap, feeling kinda crapy.   oh, also, i have pain. lmao. x(
Just woke up from a wee nap. Feeling like crap today and left work early. My wrist is getting increasingly sore and I might head to A&amp;E. 
Just woke up from an afternoon nap. It's been a dull and lifeless weekend  for me. The only thing I can think of doing is my projects. 
just woke up from being sick with a 102 temp stomach ache dizzyness and more 
just woke up from falling asleep at 3:30 yesterday and had no idea where i was. i dont feel well 
Just woke up from like an amazing 3 hour nap after being tired from having blood taken. Not looking forward to closing at work tonight. 
just woke up from my nap and the feeling of making a vid is coming to me man if i only had some &quot;AA&quot; batteries 
Just woke up from my nap... dammit got a runny nose going. This weather is killing me!! 
Just woke up from my nap....late   ah well, let's get this day rolling!!!
just woke up from the nap. wishing I was at the del mar fair with friends 
Its my last day of school hooray!!!! Too bad i still have 2 finals to take 
it's my last Monday off til September!! 
It's my middle son's 18th Birthday today and I feel old... 
its my ministers last day  i am going to miss herrrr.
It's my Mom's birthday today yet she isn't feeling well 
It's my turn to go out tonight and there's not a damn thing to do.  
Its my worst day cz tdi siang aq kna alergi 
It's Nat's last dat @ QUT   Meanwhile...  Why would the bus choose not to use the busway to get to GP? now stuck on KG Road.
it's Naynay's last day 
It's nearly 2am and I'm only just going to bed. Damn this insomnia. Gotta be up at 7:30am 
It's nearly 3:30 AM and I am still looking for a remedy for insomnia 
It's nearly 6am, I'm still upset  can't sleep.
It's nearly 8am out on the east coast and still no iPhone OS 3.0  #os3.0updatefail
It's never ending...!!!  I miss Jessy n my project group working inside probably having lots of fun!! Xxx http://twitpic.com/7pd7v
It's nice that I have a 4 day wrk week, but I'm preparing for the biggest beat down. DATA ENTRY! Intern is on vaca &amp; I have to do his job 
It's nights like this that I really miss @_mondi_  Why does Sweden have to be so far away :-/
its no fair the day i. hav to baby sit evryone iz having fun 
it's no fun being up til 6am doing homework. thats what you get for procrasinating 
It's no fun having to wake up at 7.30 am because of a stupid christening 
it's no fun mocking him now 
Its no fun watchin the game alone 
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
It's no more fun! No #flashplayer !  No #java ! No whatever! The CD drive is not working properly! My Mac is a cripple! #helpless. 
it's not a good day for me to be outside... 
It's not a good day for work.  I'm messing things up all over the place.  
its not a good thing when you wake up feeling tired! i want to go back to sleep.. 
it's not a social thing to play machines... i'm sad about all these ppl  why??
Its not a two way love  ?!      @mattprosser5
its not alowed to rain!!!!! I just washed my car earlier  grrrrrrrrrr!!!
It's not as good as i hoped 
its not as good as i thought it would be man 
It's not as hot today. 
Its not even 6am and im awake.... someone help me  ughh
Its not even 9 and I'm @ work until 4... Its going to be a long one. 
it's not even home yet and I already want to go home 
its not even sunny, I'm so pissed 
its not fair  rip brother i love u. rest in peace to my big brother/ hero christopher starling. 082384-053109
It's not fair my school is portrayed in such a bad way  I promise we're not bad...
It's not fair some lil boy with a grey patch talked to my bestie and I haven't talked to her since 6am  he better not be stealing her ;)
It's not fair that the other 2 dogs go for a walk every morning and I don't. Mum says she can't manage 3 dogs 
It's not fair that world have different time zone  I have no one to talk with 
it's not fair. 
it's not fair...i found it first. 
ITS NOT FAIRRE MY FRIENDS ARE GOING 2 SEE MILEY CYRUS IN DECEMBA I WANA GO!!!! IFM ONLY I HAD THE MOMEY THEN MY MOM WOULD TAKE ME 
It's not funny 
Its not going well... 
Its not good breakin something that can't be replaced that's someone elses ..i feel bad 
It's not good to follow news tweets that flood your page almost every minute 
its not letting me change my design colors 
it's not letting me vote 
Its not looking good for my Penguins tonight. 
It's not looking good for Orlando  #Lakers always win... 7 point lead 20 secs on the clock
Its not looking too good outside  if this continues, i feel a movie night coming on... 
its not lookong good for my boy lebron 
It's not my day 
it's not my fault 
It's not raining anymore 
its not raining as hard as i thought 
It's not raining here  at anchorvale cc now grrr - http://tweet.sg
it's not real, it's not right, it's my day it's my night. She live my life 
It's not smart to lay on your back and hold a phone above your face when you have REALLY soft hands. I almost dropped it on my face 
It's not so sunny today. Chemistry revision all day anyway 
It's not such a good idea to scream FAKE THUMB at senior citizens. Even if they are doing magic. Apparently. 
it's not summer without watching Bug Juice. but i don't see it on anymore  wazzywazzywazzyata
It's not sunny 
It's not sunny anymore! 
It's not sunny outside 
It's not sunny... 
it's not suppoesed to snow in june! my poor garden 
It's not supposed to be like this!! It was supposed to be a beautiful sunny June day!! 
its not that i can really blame them they are just the on call not MY doctor 
IT'S NOT THE END, WHOOOOOOOOA! quero mais show de simple plan, comofas agora? 
Its not usually so muddy  http://short.to/h2jf
It's not warm enough to lie out yet.  Watching Awake..could be scary! Hayden Christensen is hot! ;)
It's not what you said, it's how you said it! 
it's not working 
its not working. i just made my dad waste $19.90  
it's not..... i am very disappointed 
its not?cool?when someone hits your car 
It's now *officially* the 1st Friday night of summer again: terrestial tv schedules nothing worth watching @ 9pm. Boo to the telly Nazis 
It's now fathers day too bad I don't have a dad 
it's now officiall that Veneman leaves Hoegee  Hope he finds another (competitive!) ride soon!
It's odd that I can't upload a new jpg profile image to Twitter. There's no errors, it just wont save - and nothing's changed.  
It's officail. I'm sick  runny nose, soar throat, maaaajooor headache. uughh
It's official - I have strep throat 
its official im bored, i wanna go out and find some cute musicians but i got no money 
Its official I'm broke.   ~:MwM:~
its official im sick 
its official its raining in essex no bbq today or car washing 
its official my bonsai tree is dead 
ITS OFFICIAL MY PHONE HATES ME! No #twittexts 
Its official now,..Am off twitter for a week,.. Miss me tweeps,..  sob sob..
It's official she definently is 
Its official shin splints are GAY!... Couldn't even train properly 2nite and now i have to go to the Doctor waaa 
It's official!  I'm sick! 
It's official! I'm going to have an educational summer. Owh God. Bless me 
It's official, allergy is takin me over 
It's official, I have a blister on my foot  just red, not icky, but irritating. Did barefooted development today, felt hippy.
It's official, I will never use bluehost. Dang.   http://tr.im/nDx9
It's official, my leg is killing me. Fucking hurts 
It's official.  Timmy Ho's is closing at the end of June.    I love where I work, but the coffee SUCKS.  What am I going to do?
It's official. 5 is done, and it's made me very sad. I never want to cry when I write! But I totally do right now. 
It's official. I need a new tire 
It's official. I'm an orphan. 
its official. my computer hates me 
Its official. No more nine inch nails. 
It's official. Pasta is o  kryptonite. I'm sleepy now   -Dottie&lt;3
It's official... www.captracker.com is all prettied up and has nowhere to go... 
It's official...my life sucks.  
It's official; I will not be going to Lobby Days.   
its officially fathers day, too bad i cant celebrate it.... im a daddy, not a father 
Its officially hot outside. 
It's officially Monday here in California.  
Its officially monday. 10 hours and 50 minutes until my first class of the week 
It's officially moving day!   ...I hate moving day.  
It's officially not Friday anymore. Yet another broken promise from Jim Goranson of MerchSpin. 
its officially summer for me.. but i have no plans 
it's officially summer holiday, school is over! cried my eyes out though, 'cause everyone is going to different high schools. 
It's officially the holidays now! seems like everybody will be away and/or really busy...  going to miss everyone so much!
It's officially the start and the end of my summer. Oh summer school 
It's officially too damn early! My dark circles have dark circles! 
its ok @starrthebarbie1 @jnicks is treating us all with no love nowadays...  i love u tho mama
its ok right? maths revisionnnnnn  loving watching reece and sammy ty to jump on the trampoline! its jokess
It's ok. I'm a changed girl. And happy that I am. Wish people could see it 
It's okay, I'll just unfollow. I wish you would be honest though and tell me why 
Its okay. My lips are blistered. 
Its OMGIF already than TGIF for me 
It's on with Alexa Chung ddn't come on today 
it's one of those days where nothing looks good. I hate those days 
its one of those days where nothing on my iPod seems so fun to listen to 
It's one thing to hear yourself sing. It's another to hear yourself read a passage from a book. My life is now changed forever. 
it's one thing to hit a squirrel with your car, but you need to be real unlucky to kill a bird in mid air.  
its only 0.2! Just give me my 3 points! 
It's only 10am, and it's already a really bad day 
It's only 11 and I've already eaten all my carrots 
its only 11:52??? i totally feel like its early a.m. ... talked to my twin tho &lt;3 not my chick tho  talk about holding grudges
it's only 11am, but outside it looks like it should be 8pm. hello storms. off to work a 12 hour day. 
its only 2:40 
It's only 55�F out. I did 4.5 bike miles in about 25mins, and my ears are killing me.  I should knit a headband to cover them. Sweaty, too
It's only 7:40a and its already 70 degrees out. It's supposed to be 98 degrees today. 
Its only 8:30pm but it feels like 10pm.. My baby just left my house so back to boredom again.. I really don't want to go to work tomorrow 
its only 8:45 and iv already ran outta things to do at work..ughh this is going to be a long dayyy 
it's only 8:52 am...I'm sooo tired  --me no likee the early 'rising' req'd for summer hours!
Its only 9 and im bored already, 7 hours left 
It's only 9:40. At work and going insane already. Pick upppp already. 
It's only 940 and we are only 2 hours behind schedule. Sigh. It's going to be a longggggggggg day  &amp; that makes me a sad panda.
it's only a few days left  i think @peterfacinelli's gonna lose.but still go team carlisle -slash- peter! xD
Its only a little after 12 and I already feel drained. Its freakin 97 degrees outside fml 
It'S OnLy A MaTTeR Of TiMe 4 My GpA N I GoTTa Do ThIs All OvEr AgAin  
It's only after 8 and already we've hit some snags with the move...long weekend ahead but not in a good way. Bye D.C. 
it's only been 15 days billy, im soooo confused right now!  x
Its only been a day but i miss my m  -RckStr
It's only quarter past 1 and i feel like it's 4 o'clock already. Will this day ever end? This is a bad, bad day... 
Its only tuesday   .... Is it time to get shameless yet???
Its only wednesday!!!  ... Well at least there's the mentalist to look forward to tonight.
Its oooovvvva done movin now gotta wait for the cable guy  now I'm hungrier then an ethiopian child who wanna eat??
its Orange wednesday and andrew picked!  hehe
It's our 1 yr anniversary!! So fast!!! I'm not getting any gift   But maybe icecream can do!
its our monthsarry and nobody greeted who!  awwww
its over 
it's over 
It's over  I'm gunna miss some ppl going to knolls 
It's over after today... Mid-East grad tomorrow-MHS Sunday  (excited but sad)
its over for me. I need you 
Its over going to finish my ice cream and call it a night Dang!!! 
it's over now!  i'm so sad, i even cried as i said goodbye to all my mates... 
Its over, officially. No more summer plans. No more kisses. No more Kevin. 
it's painful 2 realize that u prefr not 2 hold on 2 a certain person nemor 4 d fact that if ull stay,u will only get hurt everday 
It's painfully boring here at the hospital. No internet. 
It's Papa's birthday tomorrow. I miss him. 
It's past 2:30am here in london..cannot get any info onCav's gme. Ugggh!!!! Please update if you can. 
It's past 2pm but had no chance to have lunch today. Hungry.  Hope I can leave my desk for 30 min for a cafe to chill and have some food.
it's past midnight and i gota work tomorrow! Man thats all i seem to do! All work and no play 
It's past my bed time 
It's past time for the ol' website to get a facelift.... now it's just a matter of finding the time to do it. 
It's payback time. Spent yesterday golfing under the proviso that I dig the garden today. 
It's photoshoot today, but I'm stuck in the office so won't be out on location 
it's piano madness in the studio's. hard to play though with a neck that can't move 
it's pissing it down and yet i'm &lt;em&gt;still&lt;/em&gt; all sniffly... screw you nature, screw you. 
It's pissing it down. And i have to walk in this 
It's pissing me off and not letting me follow ericka 
its pooring and im sick... this sucks 
it's pooring! I don't want to ride to work 
It's poring and my mom's window got stuck open  soaked.
Its pourin wit rain... N my clean car is parked out in it 
Its pouring 
Its pouring  it rained all week!! Hopefully it doesn't over the weekend! Esp. in new york!!
Its pouring and i have holes in my shoes 
Its pouring ima get worse 
It's pouring it down. 
It's pouring outside - this whole rain thing is depressing  #fb
It's pouring outside and i'm freezing in here. 
It's pouring outside!!! Ugh I wanna go to the mall! 
Its Pouring Rain 
Its pouring raining here! 
its pouringggg and i'm sleepy  and i miss you and i hate everything. the end.
it's pretty cold here  the thermometer touches just 2 degrees in the morning... 
It's pretty cold out 
its pretty good day... wish I still had a car!! 
its pretty late...got caught up playing strong hold 2..cant beat this one mission    grrrr...eventually...eventually
It's pretty sad that I'm only 23 years old and I already have hearing loss in my right ear 
It's probably not a good idea to try and activate 3.0 just now. But here I go anyway 
its pussing 
its quiet...I want an energy drink.. 
It's quite chilly now. And I forgot to put cocktails in fridge for when we get home. D to the oh 
its quite depressing when teres no one online to talk to. 
it's raaaining.... on pride day.... 
its rain again  nothinq new
Its rained ever day in Miami since I've been here..... 
Its rained for a full week 
its rainging and its saturday  a perfect weekend ruined 
its rainin  soooo wet n tired
its rainin again 
It's rainin again n nyc- ughh! 20 days in Jun n 16 of em rain  next vaKtn I'm goin west or south.
Its rainin heavily in twitcago. 
its rainin hellas in the STL..... 
just woke up from the worst dream ever!!!!! 
just woke up from the worst nap ever !   going out to get some shoes and smoothies
just woke up from the worst nightmare  i want aaronn
just woke up from the worst nightmare. Ugh. 
Just woke up from what is supposedly a 15min nap! Hahaha. Studying now.. I wanna go back to sleep. 
Just woke up going to get breakfast, I feel quite ill and I neeeed to go shopping 
Just woke up had a really scary dream  It's all rainy out
just woke up house cleaner is here...work tomorrow 
Just woke up I don't want to leave my cozy bed  LOL
Just woke up immidiatly called my dad cuz it's his birthday! Woohoo, today results!!!!!! Nervous as hell 
Just woke up in a swelteringly hot room covered in sweat. 
Just woke up in pain...my back and chest is aching with pain. I can't lie on my side it hurts too much. 
Just woke up in the middle of the night.I'm sick !!! 
Just woke up like 15 minute's ago. I have a lot of homework to do today  ugh
Just woke up lol I guess my plan to get up at a reasonable hour has gone to pot 
just woke up lol its 9am in england :O got skewl 2moz 
Just woke up looks like it will be another HOT day here in Vegas! 
Just woke up missin my baby n he's so far away 
just woke up my back is killing me 
just woke up n whew!! it's already dark outside?!? n all of sudden my tummy's hurt.. need food already?? 
just woke up next to her hubbs. I loooooveee that feeling. Now its bk 2 sleep tho. Super tired 
Just woke up not feeling so well I think I caught a cold guess I won't be going out this weekend this sucks  I need a hot tottie
just woke up not too long ago. jon has left for 13 wks... 
just woke up really sick  must have been the tuna i threw up for dinner
just woke up still tired  brain on half-mode today
Just woke up still trying to get this gay jawbone to work 
just woke up thanks to the stupid brightness in my room! 
Just woke up thought I had 6hrs kip, my last tweet tells me otherwise....4hrs. Am gonna feel like poop later. 
Just woke up time to do homework 
Just woke up to 32 Unread emails 
its rainin n LA... won't be goin 2 the beach 
its raining 
It's raining 
It's raining  #squarespace
Its raining  &amp; I left my jacket in my locker...Ohhh noooo! Mariah (:
It's raining  @paoyen hailed us a cab though. Stylish with an umbrella.  - Photo: http://bkite.com/08Fjb
It's raining  http://yfrog.com/5canyj
it's raining  makes me remember someone 
it's raining  off to support fairly local new Farmers Market in Penge, se London &amp; to tell them about 1230 The Women's Company c u there?
It's raining  suckish English weather :@ grr!
it's raining  time to get ready, M will get here in a few minutes!
its raining  where did the sun go....
it's raining ! 
its raining ..makes me feel so gloomy or 
It's raining ~~~~~~ yeah .. but with the sun still shining bright 
it's raining again  i'm so in the mood for a cup of tea but i can't go downstairs 'cause i'd wake up my parents...
It's raining again  where's the summer suuunnn?? Off to dimsum wh the crowd
It's raining again poor little faries 
it's raining again! I miss the heat of the big bright sun. uuhh! 
Its raining again! What happened to Mr. Sun?! 
It's raining again!! Another Tuesday night baseball game cancelled. My husband is never gonna get to see one of our sons games 
IT'S RAINING AGAIN, MAKE IT GO AWAY 
it's raining again, this makes 4 days of rain 
It's raining again.   #squarespace
It's raining again. Ugh! did not want to get out of bed this morning. 
It's Raining Again.! GRRRRR. 
It's raining again... I hate winter 
It's raining again......doh. 
its raining agen ! grate its gone back to irish summers !  i want the sun back
It's raining all day. I hate the weather here in germany 
it's raining all the day  thats so sad
it's raining and cold.... not my summer 
It's raining and dull this Friday morning.  
it's raining and i don't think i'll be able to go to the pride picnic, bummed 
It's raining and I have to go out in the rain.   I want to learn to use that thing in that little room that humans use so I don't get wet!
it's raining and i just wanna sleep ALL day, but i can't, cause i gots a job. 
Its raining and i want to be home curled up watching a movie 
It's raining and I'm about to cycle to work.  Time to test the Marmot paclite jacket for UKC properly I guess
It's raining and I'm tired  I need some retail therapy
It's raining and Internet connection is so F-up. 
It's raining and it's beaucause of you... I want you here.. 
Its raining and its pretty depressing... 
It's raining and I've got race for life 
Its raining and my football team is down at the half.  a sad day
It's raining and suddenly stop!!! 
It's raining and we can't lie on our bed to rest  - http://tweet.sg
its raining buckets out there. I was unaware NY had a monsoon season.... 
Its raining everywhere!!!! 
Its raining felines and canines outside I miss the sun 
its raining hard, n the thunder really freaks me out 
It's raining heavily in Calcutta. Got trapped 
its raining here 
Its raining here and no sunshine. 
its raining here and thers lots of thunder and im scared 
It's Raining here in Macedonia. 
It's raining here in the city. Have I ever told you guys how much I hate rain? Bah  
It's raining here just as I'm about to have two days off 
It's raining here!  http://bit.ly/3aSSb
It's raining here.. I got nothing to do! 
Its raining in Arizona! We just passed flagstaff and all its beatiful trees...   And charlie has the shits 
It's raining in Barcelona. Why (oh why!!!!!!) is it raining in Barcelona? 
its raining in brisbane for the first time since april. and its supposed to rain all week...both   and   !!!
Its raining in Chicago today.  
its raining in cochin 
Its raining in England atm  i dont like it!!
Its raining in jacksonville again 
It's raining in Lucerne.   Still tons of stuff to do ... maybe see the Chocolate exhibition at the Museum of History. www.hmluzern.ch
It's raining in my mind... 
Its raining in nyc 
it's raining in wrigleyville 
its raining its pouring .............. 
It's raining it's pouring,  the garage sale is doomed 
It's raining like a biatch. It's so depressing. 
its raining like mad cows outside  good thing skools over... or i'll hav to walk home o___o
it's raining on us 
It's raining outside    Gonna sit and watch TV for the whole night!! lol LAZY   Miss my babe sooo much!! LoveYou Kal!! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
It's raining outside  I'm having a bad mood 2day, I just wanna fall asleep again.
Its raining outside. I hope it stops by tonight cuz I'm going to the circus.... Gone to school for the day. 
It's raining outside.. not the best weather conditions for playing golf 
it's raining outside...  Good day for packing!
It's raining piles of cats and dogs outside! Off to therapy....crutches, ROBOcop boot, my clothes and I are about to get soaked. 
its raining sadly 
It's raining so hard 
It's raining so hard all I see is white fog out of my 22nd floor window! There goes my hair appt. 
Its raining so hard that its hitting the window in my office 
its raining so hatd. I wish I wasn't driving. I wanna dance in the rain. 
Its raining too hard, so I'm stuck in the office. Bummer 
its raining up north here tho. been rainin for days. 
Its raining where i am!!  hope the weather is better where you guys are!!
It's raining yet again. Cue annoying Eurythmics song. 
It's raining!  stop please!
its RAINING!i was gonna make brownies (damn fine brownies)  but now i cant get to the shop  well i can, but it envolves tackling a brolly.
It's raining, I really don't want to go to TAFE today. 
its raining, its pouring, and I love it. hopefully my tunnels get here tomorrow otherwise I won't get them til tues. or wed. 
It's raining, it's pouring, I WANT TO SLEEP! But sadly, It's only 7 and I haven't had dinner yet 
It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring! 
its raining, its pouring. Nothing @ Glebe. Uuugh, I am so sad. Really wanted a to buy a tobag today  home or bookstore now ? hmph.
It's raining, it's pouring.. 
It's raining, man... 
its raining, so i cant rollerblade yet  i feel so bad omg
It's raining, wifey's @ work, son's @ daycare, and I'm stuck at home cleaning bc I can't find a job in this armpit of SC! 
it's raining,,ggrrr..storming right now  better to turn off this pc..b back home in 4 hours..have a wonderful day!! hugs &amp; kisses
its raining. 
it's raining. 
It's raining.  But we're going into the valley, eat some asparagus and buy some wine. Hiking yesterday was fun!
It's raining.  No fun.
It's raining. Again. 
It's raining. Berlin looks so grey. 
It's raining. I can't walk my dog. 
Its raining.. 
it's raining.. 
its raining..     photoshoot today ..then work the whole week.
It's raining.. And we are practicing outside.. 
Its raining.. Sensex.. 2000 Points up.. wish I had saved an invested.. 
It's raining... again 
Its raining... Again... 
it's raining.... 
It's raining....  Nooooooooo.  
it's raining...i dont like the rain 
It's raining...why is there always something with the weather in Chicago? it can never be consistently NICE!! 
its raining...y? 
Its Rainingg  How Shyt
its rainingg (N) and ihave to go out in it 
it's rainining....    was all nice and sunny yesterday, but now it's awful... bring on summer, like, now!!!
It's rainning. My iPod just ran out of batteries, I think getting sick.   The Lakers won 
it'S RAINY 
It's rainy here, seems like it's gonna last for long hours laters. A lil' bit sad, I can't go out 
its rainy outside ew 
it's rainy season now, i hate rains because i can't stroll outside. lol just stayed at home all day so boring! 
Its raning!!! -_- really bad 
is enjoying this beautiful Sunday, even if Jules has gone to work  Off to check out mountain bikes http://www.specialized.com
Is enjoying time with my mom this morning. Last night was crazy...my dog was sick the whole night 
is enjoying, toast, coffe &amp; eggs in the morning, but is not feeling to good 
is entering her last 2 weeks of Florence! 
is envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle.  
is everybody pissed off at me or something? 
is everybody still sleepin? 
Is everyone going to sleep? I need help on my project  due tomorrow! UGHH &gt;:O
is ew it's a sunday 
Is excited about new floppy floppies!  But now needs a brown belt to match 
is excited about Norway! But is not looking forward to saying goodbye to the three most awesome people ever 
is excited at the prospect of cleaning the rest of the dump we call home,2moro  O how much fun is my life lol
is excited for a romantic meal with @lucywilliamsx tonight. &amp; is going down to see how much the bank holds for me. oh no 
is excited for kings island on thursday. nothing else really going on. 
Is excited for the start of the Triple S! Too bad there's no wind today 
Is excited to go home but doesn't want to let go of something so dear and close; my sister 
is excited/unhappy about the fact that joe an me shall never &quot;gay it up&quot; again after tonight 
Is Exhausted 
Is exhausted after todays photoshoot -slogging through harbour mud to get boats is no fun  Ready and excited for Lost this eve though!
is exhausted and has to make dinner tomorrow 
is exhausted and isn't lookin forward 2 work tomorrow. 
is exhausted and sick and wants to go back to bed 
is exhausted but can't fall asleep 
is exhausted from that sleepover! So sad all my friends...I mean Reid's friends r gone 
Is exhausted from the parties today. Shin splints hurting more boo 
is exhausted on a Monday! Must be the hard rain last night  Couldn't sleep eh   http://plurk.com/p/p4nhz
is exhausted! i can't believe the weekend is over 
is exhausted, and has no idea why. 
is exhausted. And unhappy with her boyfriend. I wish he would talk to me more 
Is exhausted. Back to work in the am 
is exhausted. Work at 530 tomorrow. 
is exhaustedly trying to fill out applications. someone PLEASE hire me! 
is expecting another 'hot' day.  
is experiencing bum syndrome or pre-midlife crisis...  http://plurk.com/p/whn55
is experiencing some strange font problem with fresh firefox-3.5pre build 
is experiencing the heavy side of the flu... n its not a cold btw 
is extremely bored. NEEDS TO FIND SOMETHING TO DO TODAY! 
is extremely bored. The weather is even more depressing.  http://plurk.com/p/rrm8d
Is extremely disappointed that i can't go to pizza tower and kelsey's pool 
Is extremely fxcked off. I dont even understand. 
is extremely hungry 
is extremely sad. laptop is completely dead  no internet anymore...
is EXTREMELY saddened by Jimmy Buffett not coming back to Vegas in October for my annual event. This event will need to move to May 2010 
is extremely tired 
is extremely tired and certainly not looking forward to her business exam 2mz 
It's rather hot tonight isn't it 
it's really bored time 
its really cold and im really tired 
its really cold here blah 
It's really cold today, 
it's really complicated and makes me sooooo confused 
its really dark outside and its only 12:10PM its going to rain 
Its really disppointing when u work hard and end up with nothing 
its really embarrassing to have to ask the parents for $$$!!! i WANT a job!!! this economy is not friendly to teens not to mention adults 
Its really freezing in this house. 
It's really going to be sad when the foundation day ends. and i dont get pulled out of class 
It's really going to suck not being able to text 40404 all day while I'm in Canada 
It's really hard accepting that those u thought u culd trust are the ones that show u how transient it can be #DUMBfriendthatzme 
Its really hard to stalk @RealFastTlkr when she's not online and in a moving vehicle. I can't run that fast to follow. 
It's really hard to watch Saturday morning infomercials, I mean cartoons, when you don't know the channels anymore. 
it's really hot here and nice and sunny shame we had school really 
it's really hot out there. ooffff i have to go to work 2morrow 
its really nice out today, cold inside though  need to do someting
It's really not  LeBron. 
It's really sad that I am going to bed at 11 on Saturday night  Test is over, back in commission and ready for fun next week!!!!!
its really sad that i killed the prom queen broke up 
It's really sad that I relate to this entire album 
It's really sunny outside, like there never was such a thing as floods raining down yesterday... And I'm off to late shift 
It's really terrible that I no longer enjoy my work. I wish I was back at MDACC working with bone marrow transplant patients. 
its really too bad I just workedout, so I can't really drink 
Just woke up to a bad dream hopefully it never comes true 
just woke up to miserable weather  i'm going back to bed!
just woke up to rain 
Just woke up to the boat making all this noise. Looks like we have just ported into galveston. I'm so sad that my crise is over 
Just woke up to thunder  we got a bad storm tonight
Just woke up ugh 
Just woke up with a killer headache 
just woke up with a migraine headache. 
Just woke up with a splitting headache..  - http://tweet.sg
Just woke up with Amanda. I have to babysit from 11:30-4:00 today 
Just woke up with the worst headache ever! 
Just woke up work at 9 till 6  should be at the beach with my boo instead
just woke up! am meant to be at work right now.. ope. dale is a very bad man. hungover 
Just woke up! Annnnd have just realised I missed un uber sunny day...score 
Just woke up! English project all day 
just woke up! finna do this car wash 
Just woke up! My stomach hurts bad!! 
Just woke up! Not got enough sleep!  Still feeling sleepy...
Just woke up! Stil got loads of reports to do...  &quot;Good start&quot; 
Just woke up! Very bad! 
Just woke up! Way to late. Dont have to go anywhere but i've got a shitload of homework. 
Just woke up! Wow that was a short sleep 
Just woke up! Wtf? I'm sleepy! 
Just woke up!! its raining outside  good thing im going shopping later with my aunt!!
Just woke up!! urgh look @ my hair 
Just woke up!!!   I miss him!       but God's gng to show me somethin better!  I just wish he could hurry!!
its realy really sad when a kid passes away 
Its repository is almost empty... 
its ridiculous to know that someone from a town as small as mine can wind up naked and dead on the road side. im so sad. r.i.p. joe.   
It's RYAN! Such a cute little 5th grader. Awww, now I want a hug  Aww, Emma looked cute with her little glasses &amp; her hair behind her ears
its sad how many people come into work looking for jobs. i feel bad for them. 
its sad how people you know become people you knew 
It's sad if you ask me.  I'd rather eat shit and die than ever be financially dependent on anyone 
It's sad that cookie dough is now full of E. coli. I was craving some before I read about Nestle's recall. 
it's sad that i'm looking forward to watching videos of blue from tonight at the summertime ball; wish i could of seen their first gigggg 
It's sad that i'm missing my brother's birthday.  
its sad that its two am and i cant fall asleep because i dont feel well  anyone up? lol
its sad to see my followers went down  what the f..
its sad to see terrorism is still alive in Peru  ... the only way out is fight poverty
its sad to think that a kid sumwhere won't even consider a career in music.bcuz he was nvr exposed to an instrument. 
its sad when i dont want to call you bc i dont want to know when she is there  *s&amp;b*
It's SAD when you ENJOY reading your chemistry book 
It's sad when you have to leave a pc on, because if you turn it off, chances are good it won't come back up 
It's sad when your boyfriend has to work all the time... 
It's sad...like justin broke up with miley or whatever it is.  I think she's real better with justin than nick ! 
it's sat and I'm sick as a dog  it's been so long since I've gotten this sick and it sucks...
It's Saturday &amp; I'm alone; Hubby is gone for a week. 
its saturday and once again ill be at work like every effin saturday.. 
It's Saturday morning and I'm awake! Why can't my brain just let me sleep damn it! So needed a lie in 
It's Saturday night and I'm not feeling well. Canceled Fete de la Musique and drinks at my friend's &quot;bar in progress.&quot; *Sobs* 
It's Saturday night and I'm not feeling well. Canceled Fete de la Musique and drinks in my friend's bar. *Sobs* 
Its saturday night I'm home bored out of my mind 
It's Saturday night, what time is it? Time for a gallbladder attack! 
is facebook error  http://plurk.com/p/xbrjb
is fade up of cooking.......Missing his home....this study sucks..... 
is failing at reaching dark angel bamf status tonight 
is fairly certain her ipod was stolen out of her car while she was in PA 
is falling asleep even with her triple shot grande 
is farked annoyed again. Not even Sawyer or SRK can help 
is FAST, FUN, AND FRIENDLY. AND CAN NOW CHECK U OUT. I'm like a &quot;check-it-out-girl&quot;  not rly. hahah I love Target.
is fed up 
is fed up   x
is fed up and cant be bothered 
is fed up of all these forms n feels exhausted with life.. 
is fed up of doing college work and getting nowhere 
is fed up of feeling like she if fighting the world for a little piece of happiness 
Is fed up of green flies grrrr 
is fed up of having a stupid non-working ankle. 
Is fed up of hayfever 
IS FED UP OF PEOPLE GETTING ME INVOLED IN EVERYTHINGG!! 
is fed up to the back teeth of back-peddlers, blame-shifters and back-stabbers. 
is fed up with ENGLISH 
Is fed up with the bully at work. I couldn't stop crying last night. Can't believe she does it in front of patients 
is fed up with the rain 
is fed up, have had a totally crappy weekend to deal with GRRRRRRR 
is feelin left out right now cuz he isnt popular and a diff shade... 
Is feelin okay bt coughn excessively. 
is feelin quite sad today 
is feelin so so sick after massive night out n no sleep yet has night helped 
is feeling a bit bleurgh after japanese for lunch, i should have learnt the last time....eaten too much 
Is feeling a bit chilly 
is feeling a bit down.. 
Is feeling a bit 'iffy' today 
is feeling a bit jack of all trades, master of  none. 
is feeling a bit lonely ...      
is feeling a bit under the weather 
is feeling a little on the sick side, and doesn't want to go to work.... 
Is feeling a little sad 
is feeling a little sick but has to get over it because there is a full day of laundry still ahead. 
Is feeling a little spaced out this morning...think i need more sleep 
is feeling a little wobbly..why oh why do we drink wine 
is feeling a pang of loneliness....i wanna go back home! 
is feeling abit betrayed... like he's being cheated 
Just woke up,  not feeling so well    just want to go back to sleep
Just woke up, an hour late 
just woke up, and i'm not feeling well.. i think i'm sick... 
just woke up, and my tummy hurts  there's always something wrong with me :S
just woke up, and not feeling too hott. 
Just woke up, cooking breakfast and getting ready for work  FML
just woke up, don't need to go to school today. my throat hurts 
just woke up, folding laundry  BORING!
Just woke up, Goodafternoon! I'm now off to do some grocery shopping! No more food in the fridge 
Just woke up, got 2rhs before work then a 12hr shift  booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Just woke up, hope i'm not late for work. So much for showering 
just woke up, i am so lazy  been practicing playing little housewife on my day off though.
just woke up, i dont do mornings well. anyway off to the park at midday with some friends, then back home to prepare for school tomorrow 
just woke up, i dont want to get out of bed yet 
Just woke up, I hate Sunday morning teli! So wank! Need to do some more revision today aswell  hope everyone has an exciting day planned!?
just woke up, i miss church 
Just woke up, I wish I had an iphone  but first I must get a webcam :p &lt;3
Just woke up, I wonder where I'm going today, uh gotta do a few homeworks  screw that math teacher :@
just woke up, my hayfever sucks  and the weather doesnt seem to good, BGT tonight x
Just woke up, not in the best mood, my stomache hurts &amp; I miss Cali so much. I wanna go home  &amp; I'm sad Honors gone 
just woke up, now have to go to drama lesson and then work. Ehhh. :/ Got that bloody interview assessment tomorrow.. buhh! 
its saturday, and i have nothing to do 
it's saturday, the wind is blowing... i guess no walk by the river 
Its saturday....and i have no plans 
its scary here all alone in this big house  im hearin all kinds of noises already!
its scary when friends get too drunk. sorry for all the times i was this way 
It's seriously past 4am and I can't get to sleep?!!? WTF 
Its six days now.. 
Its slow! And I want to get out of work early 
Its slow... CP Is slow 
It's slowly slipping away 
It's snowing again in Montreal 
It's snowing in April? I'll never get to go out and run around 
It's snowing in Glacier and I'm a little bit homesick today. 
It's snowing in some parts of ATL, but not where I am. 
It's snowing... in April... 
It's snowing.....no more needs to be said! 
It's so awkward here. I miss you 
its so bloody hot and im back inside again : |    ive had way to much sun today 
Its so boring in here. No one can talk and I finished my test 
it's so boring right now...6.31pm...it rain the hole day.. 
Its so boring to live in Norway sometimes. Its far away, many things you cant do and you cant conecte your phone to twitter 
its so boring..... i want my best friend back 
it's so borriiiiiiiiing 
it's so close, but we're so faraway 
Its so cold 
it's so cold 
Its so cold ! 
Its so cold and im all alone tonight 
It's so Cold and i'm hungry 
its so cold here...about 10° colder than yesterday 
it's so cold in class  and why am I still tired?
It's so cold in hereee 
It's so cold in my room. I want food. My sister finished my Sour Patch Kids and sunflower seeds. 
It's so cold outside  glad i am not wearing pumps. I haven't worn Converse in ages.
it's so cold outside, and it's rainy!!  plus my nose won't breathe, *aapchxi*.
its so cold!!!! 
Its so COLD!!!! Brrrr. I'm tired of being ill and shut away at home like a hermit. I miss my friends 
is feeling all blahhhhhh today 
is feeling all too emotional right now 
is feeling blue &amp; alone  What to do something evil 
is feeling blue after receiving her prom shoes in the mail but having to send them back as they do not fit!!!!&quot; 
is feeling broken right now. 
is feeling bummed because not everyone will be here tonight 
is feeling caged and restless and has no idea why. 
is feeling crap about life in general, hopefully this will go away soon 
is feeling crappy now 
Is feeling dizzy and generally crohnsy... 
is feeling down 
is feeling down and drained about the whole London thing 
is feeling down down down 
is feeling down in the dumps today!!! Living back home is hard  I need my own flat!!!!
Is feeling epically shit. Time to see a doctor tomorrow 
Is feeling extremely sick.  Have a banging headache and I fear I am going to see my lunch again.   Want my bed.
is feeling fat. Hate fat!! i hope it's not a relapse  x
is feeling good....school on Monday 
is feeling guilty karna td ga jadi cari dana gr2 aku...  I'm sorry friends.. but family goes first. ) bu... http://plurk.com/p/12mixo
is feeling headachey and tired 
is feeling HELLA sick... this makes studying 10x harder... 
is feeling horribly ill !!      (swine flu)
is feeling horribly nauseous today  Wish I could sleep!!
is feeling hot  hate the weather!
is feeling icky and over the ickyness  long day but i making dinner..
is feeling ill  x
is feeling ill at work 
is feeling in quite a good place at the moment bet it don't last 
is feeling inggit with the faculty get away 
is feeling kind of forgotten... i really dont like this feeling 
is feeling like a failure. How come you can accept a major life change yet go to the one place that just found out &amp; feel crappy?  
Is feeling like he has a bad flu. Yes. Bad. Flu. 
is feeling like im catching a cold.. 
is feeling like Monday morning....ugh 
Is feeling like shit.... My life is going upside down.... Idk wut to do 
it's so cold. to cold to go freebording. 
Its so crap. My day off and I was rudely awaken by a team of builders, plumbers, electircians at 6.30AM! I've spent all day unpacking 
Its so damn bright my eyes are permanently sore and squinted... and the white paving slabs are making me snowblind 
Its so dead 
It's so depressing hearing about the passing of David's brother, Adam Cook.  May Adam rest in peace&amp;prayers for the Cook family.
It's so depressing to see business that have been around since I was a kid closed down now.  
It's so difficult for me to read my book as I barely have time for it! 
It's so difficult that @tommcfly could replies me with all that fans who tweet him JUM.. 
it's so disappointing when your friend backs out last minute. not inviting him ever again! 
it's so disappointing when your friend backs out last minute. will not invite him ever again! 
ITs so early  Getting ready for school.
Its so early &amp; I don't know if its just my house but its HOT 
it's so early &amp; i'm so tired 
Its so early and am in work already  Going home to sleep and then decide if i should go out tonight or not!!
Its so early and I've only had 2hrs of sleep.... 
its so early here!!cant sleep..thinking about stuff 
its so early! 
Its so freakin' hot in my room...i can't get comfortable 
it's so freakin' hot! i want to go home now 
its so freaking coooooooooold 
It's so freaking nice out! I'm going to miss it so much. And my dogs 
It's so fucking cold in this house! I wish I owned sum pants. 
It's so gay...I have to revise...but I want to be outside...not revising... 
Its so gloomy in NYC 
its so gloomy out 
Its so gloomy outside 
Its so gorgeous outside! Have lots to do today, but I don't wanna walk about town in 6 inch heels 
Its so gorgeous outside! Seems inappropriate for a funeral!  RIP Pat!
It's so hard to go back to work on Monday when you had a 4 day weekend 
it's so hard to look for a job.. 
Its so hot 
it's so hot 
It's so hot and summer hasn't even arrived! 
It's so hot back here 
Its so hot here 
Its so hot Im melting 
its so hot in here!! 
just woke up, now i have to pack. 
Just woke up, Now its time to chill before i have to go to work. at 10 
Just woke up, on accident. 
Just woke up, really needed all this sleep this weekend! Fathers Day and my daddy is not even here!  So later on bug my uncle! ;)
just woke up, still feeling tired, have to work @ 1 PM 
just woke up, today is going to be adventurous, i can feel it already. I want starbucks 
Just woke up, wants to sleep an hour more but i can't  gotta go and do the UMB test, aghh lazylazylazylazyyyyyyy
just woke up, what an overcast day 
just woke up,grey goose morning breath 
just woke up. 
Just woke up.  once again I'm sick....
Just woke up.  That was one heck of a storm last night!  It was like WAM BANG and ZOOM!  and I was like &quot;hide me&quot;  
Just woke up. Can't find my cell phone, and I'm pretty sure that one of my hubcaps is missing as well. 
Just woke up. Didn't get any messages of snake-oo pretty upset now 
just woke up. don't feel 100%. won't be able to sleep tonight now. 
Just woke up. Feeding Genevieve some Cheerios, sipping on some coffee. I have no idea what I'm doing today. Please be nice outside now 
Just woke up. Feel like crap. I need soup 
just woke up. feelin meh  so wake and bake. to make me feel less sucky. *cough JBAZZLE*
Just woke up. Going back to augusta today but way later. Im super tired! 
is feeling like the world is on top of her 
Is feeling like Ugh!  Guess this is my body’s way of telling me I came back to work too soon. Requesting PTO for a sick day, I need it
Is feeling lonely 
is feeling much better, back to school on monday 
is feeling nautious because of the pain... This is the worst pain I ever had in my entire life... 
is feeling nervous/ anxious and i don't know why?!?! 
is feeling poorly.  bed and trying for some sleep. I still have work tomorrow ...
is feeling pretty yucky! got this cold/flu thing going around  BOO
is feeling pukey again 
is feeling rather sad 
is feeling rather shite again today oh well, tonight Im starting the medication was meant to last night but forgot 
is feeling reali bored 2day  and doesn't wna say goodbye 2 the wkend
is feeling really awkward right now. 
is feeling really burnt 
is feeling really good today but is wondering what is going to happen to bring it all crashing down again....ive got an idea.....   
is feeling really great. My poochie still got me smiling but still missing him.  but I so ♥ him &amp; SUMMER 2K9 [SUMMER LOVE]
is feeling really hurt over this 
is feeling really sad today, my parrot died 
is feeling really uninspired right now. When will the sun shine again on me? 
is feeling rough as an old dog after not sleeping much and having a honking cold 
is feeling rough today 
is feeling sad  I so dont do goodbye'z!!!!
is feeling sad and stressed. i do not want to do any more stupid bloody essays, and nooo more  stupid stupid stupid exams!! saaaaad times 
Is feeling sad for the Air France victims. 
is feeling sad..  anyone out thr going to help cheer me up? a joke mayb?
is feeling sick  hopefully i'm better by tuesday 
is feeling sick again 
Is feeling sick all thanks so lack of sleep and didnt even get to see jake  darn.
is feeling sick and is scared it will turn into something bad 
Is feeling sick and is very bored. Reading a few chapters then trying 2 get some sleep 
Is feeling sick as a dog 
is feeling sick to her stomach 
is feeling sick today fun fun..NOT! 
is feeling sickly.  going to a bonfire though!!!!!! yeah. come.
is feeling slightly less annoyed than earlier but feels there is still a long way to go...got to start packing 
Just woke up. Gonna go take some more Maalox. Uggghhh... I hate this stinkin' GERD! 
Just woke up. Got to go to church. I'm dying to see 17 Again 
just woke up. gotta do some laundry and stuff 
just woke up. had a fever last night  100.5. need an adventure today. 
Just woke up. Had a good dream. Mmmm. Wish I could lounge and bed to keep dreaming about it. But gotta get up 
just woke up. hellla TIRED!!! 
Just woke up. I feel so sick  so I'm not gonna go to school today.
Just woke up. I have to do my accounting assignment today. 
Just woke up. I missed Saturday Night Live 
Just woke up. i wanna bake cupcakes now   today will be a shitty day...i know it =_=
just woke up. i`m tired but i couldnt sleep anymore 
Just woke up. Missed the trash man. 
Just woke up. Must get to the gym and then do my uni presentation for thursday 
just woke up. must have slept in an awkward position cause my neck hurts 
Just woke up. My armm hurts from sleeping on the floor. 
Just woke up. My aunt and grandma left last night 
Just woke up. My coffee maker broke. 
Just woke up. No clue why. It's so earrrrly 
Just woke up. Not feeling good at all. 
just woke up. now i gotta go to school 
just woke up. off to school 
Just woke up. Overslept again. This has got to stop! 
just woke up. passed out upstairs. pissed that AT&amp;T's network is down. Ugh. I wanted to talk to someone.  LOL http://tinyurl.com/nmfkhp
is feeling so blah today! 
is feeling suicidal due to not seeing ruby in like 2 days!:O shockin, yeah pretty much lmaoo.... bored(N) 
Is feeling sympathetic for hannahs long bike ride ahead 
is feeling that chatting to a friend on the phone until 2.15am was a bit of a stupid thing to do....tired again.  
is feeling the #saablove. @thatguyben isn't...  I am going to clean my inca's. Might not feel the #saablove after that...
is feeling the distance, which makes finding time to log in all the harder. 
is feeling the effects of spring. My sinuses are killing me 
is feeling the pain from her heels....Ouch 
is feeling tired and a headache is coming on 
is feeling tired, doesn't want to go back to work tomorrow but will have too 
IS feeling under the the weather today 
is feeling unpopular cause i only have 6 followers 
is feeling very disconnected and homesick....i miss my church and friends and beach so much it hurts 
is feeling very sick 
is feeling very sick  Want to get in bed but have so much I must do!
is feeling very tired and shit today 
is feeling very very insecure 
Is feeling very very very sick. 
is feeling warm. and wants to nurture something..see it grow. oh dear alas, my poor pot plant will have to stay behind 
is feeling weirdly emotional about something that should not spark any emotion at all.  Not good emotions either. Sad ones. 
is feeln crappy  ima hit yall tweeps later
is feeln like an old woman who is faln apart  
is feelng soo yucky n sticky.. was smashd wit cake all over.. was soo nt anticipating this.. especially coz it wasnt my budday today!! 
Is fighting a horrid headache with a large Vanilla Iced Coffee.  
is fighting insomnia and losing 
Is fighting some sort of sinus thing... 
Is fighting the urge to scratch eyes and nose out and off; hayfever sucks  but shan't complain as am lovin the sunning feeling! Woo!
is figuring out how to Plurk  http://plurk.com/p/118ka7
is filled with regret that i didn't rattle up the courage to flirt with the cute guy at the petrol station 
it's so hot in here...thinks it would be nice to be at the beach right now. sigh 
its so hot in my room! wtf! ugh 
It's so hot in the office 
it's so hot in Zg! Wanna go to the coast... 
Its so hot out and I have to stay in and study   
It's so hot out! Coldstone is gonna be soo busy. 
its so hot out, people shouldnt have exams in this weather 
It's so hot out.  soccer game    last day of tennis tomorrow!  yayyy
Its so hot out... 
Its so hot outside and i am stuck here in work on Twitter 
Its so hot outside I feel like an egg in a pan jus cuz I wanna tan 
It's so hot outside. 
its so hot outside.. weekends now means hiding in ur rooms 
It's so hot that I can't sleep  not happy. And now I'm wondering why a tractor is driving around at 2.20 at night. Can't sleep either?
It's SO hot! Next week I'm staying in a unit with no electricity. Oh how I'll miss my fan. 
ITS SO HOTT! im sweatin' really hard. 
It's so late! Long day tomorrow.  I need to majorly catch up on sleep.
It's so lonely here without the husband and the dogs. 
its so much easier to organise your belongings when they arent in a different country to you 
It's so much harder to face Mondays when the weekend was so fantastic! 
its so much more fun having your xbox in your room. you can play as late as you want. playing skate! but i wish i had streetfighter  HAAH
It's so nice and outside and I'm working 1-10 today. DAMN! 
Its so nice out , I should be tanning 
Its so nice out and of course I have to work allll day 
It's so nice out but I'm not feeling well enough to go to the beach  Maybe I'll just tan in my backyard..
It's so nice out but I'm trappd workin inside 
it's so nice out today but I gotta stay inside and do big girl stuff 
its so nice out today i wish i didnt have to work today 
It's so nice out! In the mall all day.  Come visitttt
it's so nice outside 
It's so nice outside but I have to finish off this bit of work  @withoutmayo have a great day in Brighton.
It's so nice outside but I'm still here inside the house.with nothing to do.and im to lazy to go on a walk by myself id rather hang out! 
Just woke up. Past midday and you know me, I'm a misery. Had to deal with business crap as soon as I woke up 
Just woke up. Remember when I said I couldn't move? Yeah. That's x 4 today. Thissuckscameldick. Someone text mee. 
Just woke up. Soo tired 
Just woke up. Started off my day by dropping my Crackberry. 
just woke up. still at nicos. might go home soon and face my brother 
just woke up. still feeling blah. ive had the stomach virus. 
Just woke up. Still tired 
Just woke up. Trav works 5-11 so I'm all by myself all evening 
just woke up. Very very unwell. Cud barely sleep last night, with the constant headache and cold troubling me 
Just woke up. Want food. Cannot has. 
just woke up.. damn my tummy still hurts!! 
Just woke up.. got to get ready for work 
Just woke up.. It's 12:49pm here in the Philippines! SO HOT! I'm sweating as hell! 
Just woke up.. Kinda 10 min ago.. 
Just woke up.. Need to HURRY and get ready for work! But my legs hurt! Sp bad! Ouch! 
just woke up.. no one called me to go spinning 
Just woke up.. No school .. I lost followers 
just woke up... i couldn't sleep until 6 am   I feel like poo hehe
is finally done with the video.. and wow one more day til graduation! 
Is finally feeling better, but is still not allowed to go out. 
is finally getting his oil changed in his car and found out that his battery needs to be changed too!!! Booo on car maintenance 
is finally going to bed after get rid of Vundo, Zlob, and 109 other viruses. But I still don't have admin account back yet 
is finally got through all check points and starts stroll to the gate to fly out. I grabbed an Aquafina water bottle for $2.80 
is finally gotten online after logging 200km over the last two days on errands as the family driver  http://plurk.com/p/wxz12
is finally home again. what a fantastic week. i wanna do it again 
is finally home but bored to death 
is finally home from work, 2 hours late &amp; bloody well knackered! 
is finally in virac, catanduanes philippines. No plane food.im hungry 
Is finally recovering, back to school tomorrow 
is finding dad's bizarre behaviour and response to hallucinations unnerving 
is finding it hard to breathe.. :| [[literary]]  http://plurk.com/p/z40um
Is finding it impossible  to sleep with taylor... And i need sleep 
is finding it really hard to get out of bed this morning 
is finding it VERY hard to be motivated to work. 
Just woke up... I'm so tired! I don't want to go to school ...  only 5 days anymore
Just woke up... Man I wish I had been here for the Florida question 
just woke up... meaning i missed my call to my exchange student because she already left. fail. 
Just woke up... Missing her pimp daddy  Thinking about what I want to do today... hmmmm
just woke up... what to do, what to do... another day/ night with no computer 
just woke up... whyyyyyyy???? 
just woke up... yeah i did wake up but i wanna go back to bed.. but it's like 12 noon, my mom wont allow me.. 
just woke up.....actually i was woken up  but o well i aint goin baq to sleep. wat supp tweet hearts?
just woke up....blah im soo tired.we didnt go to bed til 4am 
just woke up....had a very disturbing dream 
just woke up....so tired 
just woke up....this is different. i dont like waking up earlyy. 
Just woke up...another 10 hour shift today   Started a pally last night...she kicks butt!!!
Just woke up...bahhh,I missed church! Not happy 
just woke up...dont want to go into work at 4 
just woke up...have to do final cleaning on the harveston house  ima miss it.
JUst woke up...lol. Don't know what to do today. Wish i could go to another FOB concert, want to go back to the beach...miss my friends! 
Just woke up...realizing how much studying there is to be done... 
just woke up...so tired.   nothing to do today................................ ta ta
Just woke up...sososo tireddd. 
just woke up...wasted an entire 1/2 day sleeping so im a tad grumpy 
just woke up..about ot gobabysitting..@ 815...zzzzzzzzzz 
Just woke up..and I feel like shit. Oh well, its my last day here 
just woke up..feel like a slacker although i've gotten no sleep this week lol   major storm goin' on here..me scared 
just woke up..still sleepy 
is finding spelling errors in a medical privacy statement. And I'm going to let them slice me open? 
is finding teachers college very hard at the moment  never a break!
is finding this heat to be a nice change! Shame I can't enjoy it though what with all the revision  20 days 'till Glasgow and Craig &lt;3
is finding this twittering business very confusing! 
is finding twitter very annoying... 
is fine...the car not so much 
is f-ing exhausted. Don't think I'm gonna make this deadline 
is finished working but really doens't feel like driving home 
is finishing off english media work. eugh. we never get any homework about writing arcticles + stuff 
is finishing on her kyle xy marathon.. one more episode to go! 
Is finishing up a group project at school... Don't really want to pull an all nighter before our presentation but I have to.  miss the Zzs
is finishing up packing tonight and then doing some relaxing...i'm exhausted from lack of sleep 
is finkin too herself 
is finnishing his history coursework while it is very nice and sunny outside 
is fixing her Sony reader.   Stupid electronic books.
Is flipping between world hunger info-mercials and obesity clinic documentaries. SMH 
is flying to Taipei in 6 hrs. but it will rain in the whole trip. so kinda don wana go now..   
is following Jon Speed, against my better judgement 
is following the Air France story. 
is footloose and fancy free &amp; wondering what to get up to today as no plans whatsoever 
is forced to go to sleep 
is forever in the wrong place at the wrong time 
is forever sick of local artists churning out revival-filled albums, now called &quot;personal renditions&quot;. aargh 
is freaked out by swineflu so badly, because she goes to school in a place most likely to get it 
is freakin awake  boyfriend had to go to work early..ugh!
just woke up.i slept for nearing 12 hours. result of being jobless. 
Just woke up; still really tired  talk to me.
Just Woke Up;; Not Feelin' Very Good  Better Catch Up On Some HMWK Soon...
just woke uppp, shitty day outt 
just woke, up. WHY THE HELL am i up?!?! &lt;__&lt; off to send my phone away  then moxies, and then getting car battier + License Plate 
just woke. I'm ill.I have the flu  
Just wokeee up! hungry 
just wokeeee up, still tired! But i know i won't fall back asleep 
just woken up  TIRED!!!!!!!!!!
Just woken up and it feels like someone is sitting on my chest  Sx
Just woken up from a horrid dream. Must talk to my dad for reassurance immediately... But it's so early. 
just woken up! need to t.cut the damn car today  Gunna take ages! what's everyone's plan today?
Just woken up, got to sort my clothes into what I'm taking abroad and what I'm leaving  #boring
Just woken up. It's lame that we have school tomorrow.  Ahh well...
just woken up...  Has Geography today... 
just woken up... gruelling maths exam is over, now its time to prepare for eng. tommorow  joy! anyone got something to cheer me up? wahhh
just wokeup and there is no electricity 
just wokeup feel like hell 
Just wolf up  ~Lone Wolf~
Just won *1 on a scratch card, wohoo I get a free game of scratching some paper, I could of had that free n a magazine 
is freakin tired and has to work til 17 o'clock.. thinkin about skipping work today.. soo not in the mood 
Is freaking cold! 
is freaking HOT.... (literally)  http://plurk.com/p/xvx6l
is freaking nervousssss!! ahhh! 
Is freaking tired  grrr cant sleep in pain *~B@By B3Cc@~*
Is freezing , no heating or cooker . 1 of them was leaking CO   come on mr gas man , where are ya .....
is freezing her arse off at work 
is freezing her butt off. gosh the weather isnt good at all!!!! just wrote english exam, 2 more to go. I wanna go home already *sigh* 
is freezing my behi.. wait just my toes.. its cold and almost frozen 
is freezing right now!!!!  buuurrrrr lol and im bored.......i need something to do
is friday night nd im stuck at home.... 
Is friggin roasting after running across preston to get to a course which doesn't even start till 10  doh!
is frustated that I can't view meeting invites on the iPhone, just a .ics icon.   This is a major failing for a PDA in 2009    #fb
is frustrated and has writters block. 
Is frustrated with Dean. He needs to get his lazy butt up and come to bed with me 
is frustrated with life!  it's sad when u have the best job in the world and dread going to work in the morning. What is wrong with me?! 
is frustrated with men yet again. I've been cigg free for 72 hours officially and have no one to say &quot;YAY NIZZA!!&quot; yay me... whooo. 
is frustrated,   he can't find any of his friends - even though they are twitter users.  Must be a glitch in the system.  
is frustrated. jeremy last is leaving twitter. we just haven't had enough time to develop a twitterlationship... 
is f'seriously gonna miss spms 
is fucked up!!!! fucking lost my zippo today 
Is fucking going to bed. Missing my Love already  Wish he didnt have to go...
Is fucking JUICED!!! Watching a scary movie 
is fucking mad he has yet to see last weeks episode of keeping up with the kardashians!!!!!  really how has it not been on again?
is fucking pissed I can't talk to my babies! 
is fucking pissed that her, kayla and sarah can't sneak out 
is fucking well bored, and ill 
Is full of cold and can't hear properly, think my planned night of clubbing til 5am  is going to have to be cancelled 
is full of regret. I really hope I'm forgiven soon 
Is full of worry-ness 
Just wondering - I see you feel that my sense of conversation is lame...  loool @BkZJustO
Just wondering if I should change the blog format for the summer program... since EVERYTHING else changes to 
just wondering what to do with my day, im skint and have no car 
Just worked out why boots slide film is so unbelievably expensive. It includes processing!  I want it xpro 
Just worked out, watchn some TIVO tonight and i am ALREADY having withdrawls LOL*  first Tuesday with out Adam Lambert ! WOW I MISS HIM! 
just working and working 
Just working in the rain. What fun! 
just working the beautiful weekend away  Boo. But i have a birthday next week!!
just working YAY! 
Just worse 
just wrecked my car 
just writing songs on my myspace updates ya'll know how i do....man i wana make it but often times i doubt my own talent 
just writing to say i don't feel like writing. 
Just wroke up &amp; now im bored cause i have nithing to do  i hope theres somethin interestin on tv today! Doubt it tho 
Just wrote a letter for my dads day Sunday almost cried  butuhmm imk but ima call her soon ;) night twiggas
Just wrote lyrics to my new song exciting!I slept on a full stomach again it's the worst feeling waking up and still feeling full  euggh
Just wrote out a long and complicated dream on facebook and then got an alert box up and it's stuck!  help
just yakked again...going to the vet first thing tomorrow morning... 
just yelled at my dog.. i feel kinda bad that i yelled at him now 
Justin came back and talked to us just now. Poor robin is very sick and can't come out  ilan walked by a while ago
Justin is very sick  my poor boy.
Justin wouldn't let me sing along to slipknot on the radio 
Justin's blanket shed black lint all over my white skirt. 
Justinsmommy317  I don't think she feels good and I'm letting her CIO. I know yours is sick too. Its 11 here
justt seen the saddest commerical everr. About animal abuse. Show dogs , cats and horses.  too graphic for T.V.
Juust woke up from a sweet text message, and an ant bit my toe 
Juuust woke up and there's nothing to do 
juz can't stand this hot&amp; sticky afternoon which is sabotaging my productivity....agghhhhh, sooo much to get done today 
Juz got my business final sheet back!!! I think I shouldn't have got more than B 
Juz start my twit. Quite boring at home... 
Juz woke up with a bit headache. Dreamed about something weird last nite. Arrgghhh totally need to get rid of that dream 
JV, sending you healthy vibes from London. Guitar perhaps feeling neglected thru ur ill-health  Hope laptop recovering x
JW do  any of you want to be my FRIEND PLEASE 
Its so nice outside today  but looks like Eryn and I will be spending the day inside, she woke up sick.... 
it's so nice outside, but i can't think of anything to do   
its so nice outside...i wanna go to the beach but the closest one is 4 hrs away 
It's so noisy and street-lit outside, but i have to keep the window open or else i'll die 
it's so not time for me to curl up and have a sleep yet, is it? 
Its so pretty outside and I'm stuck indoors 
its so quiet 
it's so quite I hear a clock ticking n the other room, ticking so loud that's all I hear &amp; made it into beat n my head &amp; can't get out! 
It's so rainy  Maybe CF is not in my future today! I didn't really want to go alone anyway :/
its so rainy lately. no fun  especially with out an umbrella @schriar
its so rainy out!   its supposed to be sunny on summer vacay!
It's so sad  http://bit.ly/b8jTH  I love Kelly! &lt;3
it's so sad :'(  Irony is hating love, for what it does to me,what it's done to me ..  Please don't leave me honey 
Its so sad about Jon and Kate 
It's so sad being alone at home all day    But on the bright side the Agency will be reunited once again tonight to see the Hangover!
It's so sad that my shoes don't fit because my ankle is swollen 
its so sad when u wake up and you already know its not gonna be a good day  have i ever mentioned i hate goodbyes?
It's so sad, 2 of my YNTG girls didn't enter. They're out 
Its so sad... why do we have different timezones? 
its so scary outside! the weather is really bad... 
It's so shitty out   http://twitpic.com/7q6ye
It's so slow at work right now. So bored augh. Hope it picks up soon otherwise this is going to be a very long night. 
Its so so sad when someone you know dies 
It's so so so hottttt 
Its so stupid. On a windows mobile, there is no way you can select all messages to be deleted. You need to delete 1 by 1 
it's so stupid... i don't know what i should do...  ilka i love you! &lt;3 Good night sleep very well! Have a nice dream! ♥♥♥ilks+maks=♥♥♥
k break is over! back to work   lol ttyl twiends x
k break time is over   boo! back to class...be out at 10 pm..double boo!
K goin to work 
k gonna go try and sleep again  lol its after 5 am now!!! hope dont sleep the day away!!!
k I lied I'm not sleeping.  another one....
k i'm getting frustrated. dang neighbours upstairs have their music too dang loud and I can't sleep 
k night twitter world! back 2 work tom. up at 4am! 
k no im really bored 
-k- not gonna get sleep yet. I have homework for my online classes. not cool 
K os I'm madddd bored @ wrk  sumone plzzz entertain me 
K peeps latest twhore to get twitterdrunk is @onebreath. Dumb twitter is making her sit in a corner. 
k pizza of the day cloudy 
k scratch that tweet plans failed.... 
k so i think the people upstairs has peg legs and elephant feet. annoying. cant sleep. 
k so like my stupid phone completely died...like its gone! so im getting a new one! woooo! hahaha but for now im in hell! whaaaaa! 
k so my phone has to be off for take off. not cool 
k someone tell me before i go insanee what does it mean when u keep seeing the same thing over and overrrrr? i keep seeing 911. 
k well im back from visotin and i had a little bit of fun and i had to go to the hospital last night from 630pm-11pm  no fun at all!!!!!
k, i think i am done with work today, however the sun is being taken over by clouds right now 
is fustraighted with twitter... wont let me up load a pic 
Is gaining weight 
Is gearing up for the 2 hr Messiah rehearsal followed by 3hr concert, what a day this will be 
is genuinely ashamed with himself for that involuntary LOL at the man with a doughnut on his head 
is geting owned @ a basketball game 
is geting ready for work 
is gettin a headache 
is gettin ready 4 work can't believe I had like 4 hours sleep 
is gettin ready for work  Can see it being busy...
is getting @RitasItalianIce for Alexia's birthday party instead of Ice Cream and i am having a hard time picking 2 flavors!  LOL
is getting a cold.. i gots the sniffles and sneezes  nooooooooooooo!
Is getting a haircut. Raised the price. It sucks cuz I always pay $10 and it just means less tip for the barber  http://twitpic.com/88gt8
is getting a migraine.  Lovely timing 
Is getting a stinking cold 
is getting a tad bit upset and overwhelmed with stress   
Is getting abuse over texts from nicola!  it's not fair, i'm only helping her with english!
is getting annoyed and upset with the internet....  and isn't having ANY luck with communication devices it seems. I'm sat in bed, ill ...
is getting annoyed with always being bored 
is getting annoyed with twitter! my freakin' pic won't show up anymore 
Is getting annoyed. Humph. 
is getting ANOTHER wisdom tooth in  owee!
is getting back to report writing, soooooo tired 
is getting bored of resto city..  wala ba silang mala iron chef challenge ganun lols http://plurk.com/p/uioi6
is getting bored with social networks  http://plurk.com/p/1100zo
is getting cabin fever, it has been weeks of the bike and hasnt got the ok from the doc to start riding again.. 
is getting for school.  I wish it was summer already.
is getting frustrated by the crappy online help 
Is getting her swine flu jab this week-should b fun 
is getting his improv butt kicked today. 
is getting in the bed! i can't hang like i used to 
is getting increasingly nervous about flying 
Is getting kinda bitter that she couldn't afford the VIP tix for the show that seemingly everyone else seems to have 
is getting mad at this one site 
is getting mad at Twitter. 
Is getting mad. What did i do? I didn't study last night! I need their help! Help me guys! 
is getting more and more frustrated with the rugby!!  boo hoo
is getting my car back tonight!! Work tomorrow at 8 am! 
is getting my wisdom teeth out in a few minutes... 
is getting nervous, gotta go have a conslut today about laser surgery on me eyes 
is getting no sympathy for a sore throat 
is getting old and is not liking it one bit! 
is getting out of school on the 24th 
is getting raped by @simonisCRUNK's friends 
is getting ready for a full morning at the girls' schools, and sorry to be missing her Esther girls 2day. 
is getting ready for bed - so sick! so tired! so bored! 
is getting ready for college 
is getting ready for kalis going away party    text me &lt;3
Is getting ready for school but b4 that its Jazz Band it soo cool but school currantly sucks 
It's so unfair the USA have The Sims 3 right now and I have to wait until Friday!  x
it's so unfair!!!! everyone's going to the party tonight and I can't 
it's so unfair. the north coast is flooding and we're in major drought 
It's so warm today! And my external hard drive isn't working 
It's so warm....  I'm not used to it...I don't adjust to climate change very well 
Its so weird saying goodnight and being separate  the end of an era.
its so weird with out the seniors.... 
Its so weirdly quiet in the office 2day, no1 seems in a v good mood at all!!! Wat a dull day ahead 
It's so wrong to be in work on a Sunday 
it's sofaking cold here... 56º at nite. I'm so disappointed in u Chi 
its soo damn hot in mah room!  
its soo hot 
it's soo nice out and it just figures i'm working the worst shift possible 
its sooo boring,nothing to do 
Its sooo cold!  my hands are swelling up. And xuan smells popcorn chicken, fat. Haha
its sooo cold.  I want cofffee..
It's sooo cozy!!! Noooo!!! 
Its sooo freaking nice out! Back to the office...... 
It's sooo freezing cold outside 
It's sooo hot!!! 
Its sooo hot. Far too nice to be stuck indoors working 
its soooo boring, then again it always is. 
Its soooo cold 2day  and i am in lots of pain! Not good...
It's soooo dry here in NH...I have such a headache 
its soooo hot and lovely outside but I can't go out stupid work 
Its soooo slowww 
Its sooooo early in the morning 
It's soooooo hot 
its soooooo quiet on here today  feeling like i need a proper work break. cant do this anymore! hurry up V Festival x
it's soooooooo cold in england 2day!   I thought it's supposed to be summer?!?! this is more like South Africa's winter!
its soooooooo muggy out and my mil cleaned our house and lost my umbrella. 
ITS SOOOOOOOOOOO HOT AND MY PARENTS WONT LET ME TURN ON THE FAN!!!!!!  I THINK I MIGHT DIE D:  http://tinyurl.com/lpqux4
its soooooooooooo cold 
is getting ready for work  after work I am off to the gym!!
is getting ready to go a gala in pouring down rain 
is getting ready to go back to school  ! had a nice jog this morning, woke me up.. and OMG if you seek amy is on the radio !!!  
Is getting ready to go slave away at the Gap. 
is getting ready to go to bed. I'm tired. I'll be studying all week. Three tests during dead week, and three finals the week after. 
is getting ready to go to the hangout,its my last day in gulf shores 
is getting ready to go to work 
Is Getting ready to go work  Really Not wanting to!!
is getting ready to see John today, a few hours in Newquay and then nothing for 4 weeks! 
is getting ready to take Zed to the weekend pediatric clinic.  Poor girl has a sore throat 
is getting ready, then school! tooo early 
Is getting really tired of this summer school thing 
is getting sadder &amp; sadder every day realizing the NKOTB ride is over   for now at least
It's spring alright!  It's raining cats, dogs, and hippos!  
Its starting to get cloudy outside 
It's starting to rain 
its starting to rain heavily.........  
Its starting to Rain in Seattle. 
Its starting to Rain in Seattle.  (via @MyWashingtonSt) aww that sucks
It's starting to rain, and me and my grandpa are still at the golf course...  Of course, he didn't get the umbrellas from the car...
it's still a month for me to go to england 
it's still hot  [pic] http://ff.im/4etCW
Its still pouring rain 
It's still raining  I hope it stops when its time to go home. Oh well.
its still raining and it wont change for the next 5 days. great summer 
Its still raining and i've to go to another office  gonna end up looking like drowned rat...again
It's still raining outside.   I think we're due for a sunny weekend.  Where's the sun that they've been promising to us?
it's still so sunny, lavly, but i'm inside cos i'm lobstery, even my forehead  eh @Kyloooo ;)
It's still taking me over an hour  &amp; 1/4 to get into work (instead of 1/2hr) due to SLOW moving flood waters out my way.  
It's still the middle of the night. 
its still there. Nothing i do makes it go away...as the rivers begin to flow 
its still wet 
its still wet and miserable out 
It's stop raining 
its storming and I wanna go out 
It's storming outside 
Its storming over here! I'd get there half thru   shake ur bootie for me, k.
It's storming..   But I have a cuddle kitty again! He came out of hiding!
Its storm'n ova here 
its stormy 
It's strange to feel so sad when someone dies that you have never met. RIP Farrah. 
it's studying time now, writing report... so boring... 
It's such a beautiful day... wish I had a photography buddy with me right now 
its such a beautiful saturday afternoon but so boring (because i've got nothing to do) 
It's such a bummer when the fabric you want isn't available in the quantity you need 
is getting sick  going to the quakes game tonight with my bubs! &lt;3
is getting sick  Looking forward to Tuesday, loves her best friend Ayoe and misses her cousin. Life is pretty damn good at this moment!!
Is getting sick  please don't get sick...now's not the time :'(
is getting sleepy, wnt be home til 3 am  hopefully earlier.
is getting slowly drunk by myself  what an exciting life i lead
is getting soup everywhere. 
is getting the hang if it!! But I'm talking to myself so there's really no point in getting it 
is getting things ready for work tomorrow 
is getting tired of trying to play the piano softly - i can't hear myself it, doesn't sound right and I'm playing all the wrong notes! 
is getting to grips with Twitter. Have I turned my back on facebook?? 
is getting to saint louis tomorrow!! 
Is getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!
is ging for a run!!! eek 
is giving up on trying to freaking get twitter updates on my phone 
is glad its friday and a three day weekend but there is so much sadness today.  
is glad Michael won and Ricko 4th.. but lamenting what could have been  stupid vesa and their need to put out safety cars
Is glad my toothache is going, happy fathers day! Sam's second being a dad, although I have only had 1 
is glad she has good company today... 
is glad that diversity won britains got talent. bin a gr8 wk of tv but sad its ovr 4 another yr 
is glad that everything for tml's articles is settled. like finally! i can go out now. aargh, whole sunday wasted. 
is glad that Ryan seems to be on the mend - I've never seen him so sick 
is glad the lakers won last night, but kinda disappointed that there's no more games to watch 
is glad to be home from St. George... except for now Isabelle is sick with the flu 
is glad to be leavin SC tomorrow, but man i'm going to miss my dogs!! 
is glad to be outta work. but isn't  getting a day off this weekend. 
is glad to read that Jess has gone for cake....but without me 
is gng t have t sit alone for 18 hours on the plane if there's a paper on the freaking last day of school just before the june hols 
is goegraphy is so f-ing  annoying im scared i just sumthing im not suppose 2 
is goin home early tonight  this really sucks!
Is goin nuts over a splinter in her finger 
is goin to be packing today to move out of halls, first year of uni....done! 
is goin to bed. Looong day 
is goin to practice 
is goin to write her exam then coming home.... sick  
is going again... bye...  http://plurk.com/p/12e4x9
is going back to bed 
is going back to reality tomorrow. 
is going back to school 
is going back to study for a little while 
is going back to the apartment for a few days.. so no internet for me 
is going back to the grind 
is going back to the grind. lunch is almost over 
is going back to the philippines. not excited  wishing to stay in singapore and hoping to __________.
Is going back to work for 3 more hours in a few minutes 
is going back to work in 3 weeks. troi oi! see what i do for a damn car? shower time, then off to study    gonna be one long shower...
is going back to work today 
is going back to work... not too happy!! 
Is going back up to sheffield later......  bad times
is going for a big feasting again. 
is going for a late night drive - I miss Mt Nebo and driving my car. Wonder if it will be anything like the 12 Supercars I drove 
is going for a little walk with the boy and then to bed... gotta be up at 5 tom. morning 
Is going home now from Kims  ugh a 45 minute drive 
is going home to nurse a sick Becca. 
is going home.  Noone wants to see Angels &amp; Demons with me.  
is going home... I feel weak...  http://plurk.com/p/xu5ma
Is going leipzig berlin luton nottingham bed normality 
is going out for round 2 later 
is going out tonight.. and doesn't know what to wear!  here are the dilemma's of life.
is going playing at the deanery again...then into college for revision for the rest of the day 
is going shopping to accommodate her new food allergies. le sad 
is going shopping today. Has no professional clothes for work. I need to start dressing more professional at work 
is going super nuts without a phone!!! ughhh.... and my tummy hurts 
is going to a funeral  http://plurk.com/p/11wxpf
is going to a wedding bc she has nothing else to do..by herself 
Is going to another good bye dinner!!! 
Is going to another grad party. But this time on crutches  
is going to attempt to sleep... again. tonight is NOT my night 
is going to auschwitz  http://plurk.com/p/116r50
is going to be a long week! Funeral and work tomorrow!  ***143 JAC***
is going to be broke this fortnight for not working last fortnight 
is going to be ever so sad this week 
Is going to be helping out @ his primary school tomorrow, then...the dreaded DT final!!!! 
Is going to be in china when miley comes to seattle 
is going to be M.I.A. for awhile... eff finals 
is going to be phoneless till sunday . . . . 
is going to be real bored until Huifen comes back. ZOMFG  http://plurk.com/p/yzkr5
is going to be so sad when her friend moves back to Land O'...especially since I can't drive until Aug due to this bum foot 
is going to be under the hairdryer a long time. 
is going to be without air at my place for awhile 
is going to be working tomorrow too. 
is going to bed 
is going to bed a little early tonight after not getting much accomplished on his todo list. 
is going to bed and looking forward to tanning all day tomorrow... or until i have to work at 330 
is going to bed because he is not feeling well  but is also thinking about auditions for 'So You Think You Can Dance 2010'
is going to bed early b/c i have work tomorrow 
is going to bed in a min so she can get up for work in the morning, hardly seems worth it for one day 
is going to bed now after a day of hard work - looks like I need to do some more work tomorrow 
is going to bed otherwise I'll be up watching the first episode of True Blood......can't stay up for another hour.  
is going to bed sad  sigh
is going to bed to attempt to sleep .. although that may be hard because 1) its toooo freaking hot 2) my legs hurt so much  cheer me up?
is going to bed with her puffy teared out eyes and hoping she will somehow do good on this math final that she really didnt study for 
is going to bed, more revision tomorrow  NIGHTTTT
Is going to bed, my throat is still on fire  .....No rehearsal 2ma nite
is going to bed, not even with a kitty-cat, just a blanket. What a night. 
is going to bed. 
is going to bed. a bumed little girl. fuckin guys. 
is going to bed. all that coffee gave her a tummy ache 
Is going to bed. had a fun relaxing day in the sun at the pool but it was SO hot today! Now I gots mosquito bits  G'night Tweets!
is going to bed. I'm waaay cranky  poor Greg. He has to deal with my cranky butt but he still loves me .. xoxo
is going to bed. I've got school in the morning  then physical... YIKES.
is going to bed.. massive headache from allergies.. fuck. 
is going to bed...gonna hang out with Tonya for her B~DAY 2morro!!! Wishes Maddie's arm was better! 
is going to beunos aires on Sunday night, Mendoza is a bit boring in the rain  
Is going to bike over to my aunt... It's a loooooong way  and it's really hot too.
is going to camp for a week with no cellphone and no computer...1 month tomorrow... 
is going to Cardiff 2moro with my sis to see...John Barrowman! She's making me come with her!  Omg!
Is going to chow down....then enjoy the water before I leave MIA 
is going to church, seeing Star Trek with her parents, then back to Bloomington tonight 
is going to cry  for many different reasons.
is going to curl up with a cup of tea and a book and hope she feels better soon 
is going to Dani's game with Molly. Aw, I miss softball 
is going to do lawn work. and my headphone shorted out in my ear 
is going to do the housework 
is going to dreamland and hopes to see @benji_west there too  misses him badly...
Is going to enjoy every bit of today before she starts studying KH tomorrow.  *groans* KH &amp; Art on Monday. How I loathe Art...
Is going to exchange katie's gift...bought it yesterday and its broke 
is going to fail her driving test next week 
Is going to fit in another Jonathan Creek before bed. But sadly is on the orange squash rather than the red wine 
is going to freeze his balls off during the marathon tomorrow. 
Is going to get her wisdom teeth taken out 
is going to get sashimi now but is feeling kinda strange. Why can't I relax? How do I unwind?! 
is going to get thru this day without passing out from exhaustion...aaaagh so many hours to go 
Is going to give up the coffee...its a must do.   *~ D~*
Is going to go to bed very very soon.... 5.50am start!! 
is going to have a late one at MQU today 
is going to have a long week. 
Is going to have a nice day in the sun - reading for my exams 
is going to have a non-fun filled day at class 
is going to have a shower get in bed and sleep ... life is all work no play atm  CRY
Is going to have one hell of a black eye tomorrow... But it was so worth it. I just wish i had played better 
is going to have surgery tomorro 
is going to have to grab Heroes tomorrow 
is going to hell...not purgatory says janelle 
is going to her last 9 - 5 shift then off for 2 days, too bad im sick 
is going to her sister's for lunch today =] and then accounting it is. i feel pretty sick  i hope i dont have a fever ='[
Is going to Holbæk at 6 a.m. tomorrow morning  #fb
Is going to jury duty 
Is going to lose one of his favorite patients today. 
is going to Lucky Plaza to remit money for the monthly due of Eton Emerald Loft condominium... 
is going to miss @atwossybookclub and House season 5 tonight. It is *so* not fair 
is going to miss @sctape 
is going to miss @stevemoakler and @jebholmes this week 
is going to miss her Chlobug today! 
is going to miss her Chris soo much over the next few months 
Is going to miss her wife something fierce 
is going to miss jay leno monologue this summer 
is going to miss new york   
Is going to miss seeing everyone all the time 
is going to miss the Camaro.  he's got to turn it back in tomorrow.
is going to miss the CMT music awards tonight.  someone record it for me?
is going to miss the PAAIA event @ UCLA this coming weekend   - will try maybe to fly in on Sunday morning ( no promises Maral)!
is going to miss the Real Housewives of New Jersey. 
is going to miss the start of the race 
is going to our cabin soon 
Is going to pick up his pentax d-bg2 battery grip after it being on order for over 2 mnths, still a few more weeks for  my tr powerpack 3 
is going to pretend to be storm chasing on Tuesday because he can't obviously do it. 
Is going to repack for New York again!!!  
Is going to revise for his geography exam soon 
is going to revise for maths again my mum'll be flying to prague soon  i miss  herrr! stuck with brother+dad for a week.. oh joy. :| paha.
is going to rummage around in my car for that lost pack of cigs.  Quitting is hard 
is going to school and doesnt want to.. 
is going to school in awhile.  Hate afternoon classes!!!(((
is going to school then hanging w/ the bestie ....I ? THE JONAS BROTHERS I wish it was July 18th rite now 
is going to school tomorrow 
is going to school,  hopefully we don't do anything, and i heard that Ms Z is making us a huge brunch
Is going to sleep in room 313 for the last time! Why is this making me so very very sad? 
is going to sleep now. everyone i was texting fell asleep on me.  text the cell. lauren's tomorrow with shelbzzz. lovee them guys adios.
is going to sleep with a sore throat and no medicine!! 
Is going to start Breaking Dawn today and is actually sad about it  I wish there was a Twicon in Ireland because I REALLY REALLY want2go!
is going to start his coursework at 13:00...wish me luck 
is going to start packing after dinner. Will have no time during the week 
is going to start revision now 
is going to study Surgery again.  http://plurk.com/p/ucfi2
is going to stuff herself full of tofu. 
is going to style her hair !!! tomorrow is school 
is going to take a bath na..  http://plurk.com/p/xhtsg
is going to take a midday nap... Dammit! No more man blanket 
is going to take Leila to get her first jab    I may cry more than her.
is going to take Mucinex NOW. Need to get over this cold pronto. 
is going to the club 2day w/ some friends. this week has been so boring cause my mom wuldnt let me do anything lik go 2 the club!!! 
@kt_marie_roach I'm totally guilty of taking photos like that.  http://twitpic.com/6c8rr
@KT2010 and idk my tummy still hurts 
@kt55bug you are dead to me.  
@ktabez125 lol its goin, I'm beyond frustrated with being home  I need to find a job asap just so I can get out of here!
@ktabin me neither. 
@ktabin NOOO!!! Unhappy little circle! 
@ktabin Oh, I hadn't noticed that! You're right. Hmm ... 
@ktalarczyk I had a dreadm about aliens also!!! They were nice though. and a dream I got punched in the face!! Woke me up scared. 
@Ktan91 aww fun fun! I hope you didn't erase them 
@ktbeeper Great! so @iiKrisii is Bug, I wan't a cute nickname too 
@ktbeeper i don't know what &quot;marin layor&quot; is 
@ktbeeper I want a FRO-YO. 
@ktbeeper I'm sorry.  You never told me what the &quot;that's what she said&quot; comment was at the meeting yesterday!
@Ktbishop boo 
@ktbreezie does that come out today? I'll have to check it out. I'll prob sample the songs on itunes. Cpu in the shop so I have 2 wait. 
@ktbug oh no! very sorry to hear that  will be in my thoughts.
@ktcabral cause it's hecka moolaa  i hecka wanna to it duuude. what should i say to my mom?
@ktchauvot ah, not good sign when access blocked 2 antivirus &amp; security sites   Don't know if this 1 does that, but I know some viruses do
@ktd_DC oh no!!!! You okay? 
@ktdeeds you have 3 day weekend I work all those days. 
@KTDP It is crap 
@kteharris  the second time...the first time I fell victim to the dreaded dysentery. 
@ktel14 I miss you guys so much already 
@ktenkely Really love your new ezines - http://issuu.com/ktenkely Blog wouldn't let me leave a comment 
@ktgeek I like that you come to my neck of the woods and don't invite me 
@kthei  would, if i was out that way! the update in which i was referring to though, &quot;I was looking at my wall most of the day, thinking&quot;.
@kthnxbi Why angry and sad? 
@kthxx @ttaasshhaa @tai927 not allowed to take the bus 
@kthxx aw thanks @ttaasshhaa i dont have disney 
@kthxx OMGOMGOMGOGMG LETS GO. ARE YOU SERIOUS? Ask Tash if she already has tickets cause Jess said she can only get &quot;VIPS&quot; or some shit 
@kthxx Prob wont be back on  Gay I know.
@kthxx ROFLLL isn't he dead? he might talk back. @ddlovato won't  demi I love you. lolll
@ktia_x  omgsh you okay? Who's fault was it?
@KTIG I forgot the lemon though 
@ktjbpa2006  Yes, correct! hahaha. I'm kinda hoping demi &amp; @tracecyrus aren't really dating though  trace = bad influence
@ktjbpa2006 I know  I thought id be able to get meet &amp; greets cause I'm paying the $29.99 for her fc but I guess not! It makes me angryyy
@ktjbpa2006 lol. jonas are gonna be 10 mins away from me next week and i cant go see them 
@ktjbpa2006 not much gave me a dirty look. then at the end she gave out all the braclets she was wearing to the front row. i got left out 
@ktjbpa2006 really i checked and i didnt see it 
@ktjbpa2006 ugh i know!  fml
@ktjune no sister, I wish  this time it actually has to be done :/
@ktlee317 Good luck with the kitty. 
@ktlen234 so i noticed how you wherent tweeting anymore and then i realized i wasnt following you  it was weird
@Ktlou_ why am i a freak ?  sad face lol
@ktml nice work buying coda dude! It's a great app! Unfortunately, I bought it when it was the full $99USD  #jealous
@ktoint83 if your having wine, have a glass of rose for me - am on antibiotics so not allowed  booooo!
@Ktok I usually go in with 2 few friends. he only some of us get in, it's no fun 
@ktom808   id rather be broke in vegas...than be at home.
@ktpupp Awwww, that sucks. 
@ktshep You're gonna have so much fun!! I'm going to miss you lots though! 
@KtShortcake I know  the power of ebay is just too strong!
@ktsummer i've heard danny has... not joe no jordan 
@ktsummer Katie I am soooo sooo sorry hun  I wish I could be there to give you a hug. My prayers are with you and your family.
@ktsummer so sad trying to make some cash off of the guys 
@ktsummer sorry to hear about your day  as  @supergrl95 said, we will work on getting you a prize pic of joe tomorrow night!
@ktthaman i already miss home   Debbie Allen Here I Come!!!
@KTWojo that is so sad. But dreams can become true hers was just in time 
@kuahjenhan but that's so 90's  don't pierce la.
@kuangxi and it freezes. I have nothing I can do... its soo annoying!  I guess its virus or something like that coz it's just so suddenly!
@kubhaer or rather...i HAVE capped bandwidth here. 
@kubmeister Mine too. Just not my pc. 
@kubocentral I've seen screen captures on what your saying, but that camera icon is not there. 
@Kudoskookies I'm about to have one now, just made a grasshopper pie but can't try it till it chills overnight  boohoo!
@kuhkayla I WISH I COULD! but my exams start in a week!  bummer
@kujakupoet I was about to ask you how work went. Not wonderful, I take it? 
@kukujane but i will be having internship!! 
@kulinarykev oh my friend passed away and I just started thinking about her agian  it's really hard for me to belive she's gone
@KulpreetSingh not yet   You have big plans for friday??
@kunalashar and taken with him, the pride and joy of Chembur 
@KunalSheth qik.li is not ready for me. Lost my one and only URL, so no stats 
@kungfudigital shame the Kindle is only available in the US 
@Kungjew noooooo dude.  bad news bears. Stay strong buddy!
@KunoichiRaiu making my character. Can't say much about this tho. I agreed to an NDA. 
@Kunynghame poor Stef, is ur knee still really bad?? 
@kuosis If you go to Bristol, you'll get to see some of the cast in Skins  Not fair.
@Kuraiite I have work  But i end at 3. Mayb I'll be there.. mayb. I might reek of food aswell though =\
@Kuriboi2k6 bb, add me on msn!  it's littlemissgnahhh@hotmail.com I had to get a new one!
@Kuriboi2k6 nope  but it'll stop soon, it's just my gallbladder being a bitch and being crazy :/
@kurikaesu !!! taihen desu ne. any idea what or who caused this?   
@kurishi i think so we didnt get in til 4 or 5 im v hung over  Zanzi was bizarre
@kurly I totally forgot and missed it 
@Kuronee I hate that I'm always asleep during your radio show 
@Kurono aww  i wish i could meet @Madinalake but i dont think that would ever happen your lucky lol :]
@Kurono yes they are awesome but i will never get to go to a @Madinalake concert  im to poor lol
@kurt_ctdk you make any leeway in finding monitors? my ebay order got canceled... 
@KurtScholle @bradshorr  Water skiing 'in your own backyard' brings new meaning to the phrase.  hehe abt my j/k, not your swamp 
@kurtvonmoos yeah. Fat sprogs not going to happen. I find very obese children a sad thing to see. 
@kusasi fun wasn't it? You need to follow @m40updates. Even knowing that it was closed we still took over 2 hours to get to work 
@kusasi I had it before, but not sure it is on this phone  I will check with you before then, we will go down for the weekend I think!
@kuteykat What?! I was still hungry b/c the food they gave me seemed so bland. Blech. 
@Kutie_Patootie  i do too  i wanna i wanna 
@kuttyedathi i know but i had no option.. Had to get up. 
@kuttyedathi OMG, dont tell me u stirred tht hot curry wth iPhone 
@kutzli it's past 4am and i'm wide awake   man my sleep schedule is seriously screwed up
@kuuipo1207 Buy plenty! There is no Guava jelly in the South.   I'm going to have to get my Sister to mail me some.
@kuyachickboy *gasp* he can't have it! 
@kuyachickboy jerk! it's not that funny 
@kuyachickboy no 
@kuyaz Ahh, too bad   another time... Ads for these things tick me off, in case you couldn't tell! lol!
@kuyaz I miss seeing the hippo bus 
@kv same thoughts about pre. But its going to be near 30+k in india I guess 
@kv what only 4 missions .. now whats the fun in that .. 
@kvainas den mporw!!  to app sto iPhone (kinito ths etairias sou!!!) :p den douleuei... ;)
@KVBeats I don't think so. Serato totally ruined vinyl for me 
@kvbuckley I don't know enough about #Sotomayor, but she made a big boo-boo talking about making law.  Doesn't know what 3 branches do?
@kvetchingeditor could be up to another 6-9 months.... 
@kvetchingeditor your profile pic is gone 
@kvf88 I know its horrible! If I want to upgrade itll cost me $438  I might reduce the blow buy selling my current phone though!
@kvndr    dont judge me! &quot;damn that motherCHUCKer&quot; hehe
@kw  so far youre the first person in my twitterverse to hate it!
@KW2P But the crux is that FriendFeed has a much smaller user base. Only about 10% of my Twitter contacts are on FriendFeed 
@kwags1 bizatch!  I would join you, but I have to be up at 630 
@KwalifiedEmcee oooh i would love to!!!! aint fair 
@KWAMEDIDIT I guess so when you don't do Paula right 
@Kwan141 heyyy, I like piff. I resent that.  (lmao &amp; smh)
@kward3 I'm sorry  @rjstever made me do it.
@kwarfield You KNOW I have to be apart of everything....sorry, totally didn't feel like I was in the truck!!!    
@kwebba I sowwy   I've been up, just not on. I would've texted you. I haven't been able to sleep. Stuffy nose.
@kweh @missingcipher GUYS GUYS MY DS SCREEN HAS A CRACK IN IT NOW AND I NEED A NEW ONE WAAAHHH 
@kweilo I read that as &quot;fired&quot; 
@kweilo I seem to be experiencing sausage coma and I don't think I can move my legs or drink any more 
@kwells2416 Yeah I was busy  How's it going? Big weekend planned?
@Kwickks totallyyy, but i can't find the one show from yest! and i want to watch him be funny! 
@KwlAznKid i wear kswiss 
@kwmurphy I saw it first 
@kwsanders lol - I look forward to that.... 
@kwwheeler  What's all your fault?
@KxBxBxKahuku yeah I know. I actually asked for those features shortly after installing it. 
@KYAHBABY I lost all the pieces for operation smh  lol
@kyaralove it's a overload 
@kybunnie Its raining here also. I hope is does wash away the pollen...tired of being sick and having a &quot;yellow&quot; car  
@KyeAlexis oh lucky I wish I could come  summer time chi
@KyeLani alas not from the phone - no suitable software for a Windows Mobile 2003  certainly post some when i get back!
@kyelani Americans, eh? XBoxLive seems to bring out the worst in them 
@KYellowFarm Oh no!  Will be thinking of you, hope it goes well.
@kyfogi that sucks 
@kyhartje overnight? Wow.  2hrs? Hopefully you'll find him soon!
@kyl_e maybe. out of 12-15 pieces being shown, I might put 3-4 up for sale. I still need them for portfolios 
@kylacanada i miss you come home 
@kylalipsmackk @ashshlee goodnight ladies.Kyla, sorry about ur almost suck face  he is just awkward.And Ashley I am truly sorry 
@kylanath  That isn't very nice. 
@Kyle_B_Judah i am too old for Vegas 
@Kyle_Burgess omg thats awful! im sad i didnt get to say goodbye   
@kyle_newman i just called and it's sold out.  bummer. next time!
@kyle_newman Wheres my digital copy at Kyle?!?! Huh?!? Now you drop the Blu-Ray shit on me? Aw, man. Now I haz a sad... 
@kyle1point0 It does but I'm not much for download only content. 
@kyle270 aw baby i'm sorry  ew nice :l haha. I'm in geography revision now  i hope you feel better soon love you x
@kyle270 i left it at home today cause it was sunny earlier  haha.what you doing now?love you x
@kyle270 i'll try  i just cant stop thinking about things  i love you
@kyle270 oh  its awful isnt it, i'm sorry that you've got it  i'm just at the annoying cough stage now,its going a bit but i dont kn ...
@kyle270 what time did you go to bed last night then?trust it to be the night that i stay on msn that you go to bed earlier  xx
@Kyle4Kyle Saw your Steam message - My daughter was using the pc before school so I got it after you went offline.  
@kyleandjackieo  Kristy Hinz...Thumbs Down 
@kyleandjackieo can't believe I finally got thru 4 the Twilight comp on Friday, gave my first name then it cut out 
@kyleandjackieo jessica mariras how hot was her dress DANNII looks nice but her hair has to be remade 
@kyleandjackieo Thanks for posting that.  A lil crushed though....  
@kylebeats that hutcherson...I need 
@kylebice I'd totally come if I didn't have to go to my cousin's bday thing tonight...or work tomorrow. 
@kyleboon pretty sweet.  My keg is sad at the moment with a clogged line.  Likely won't be able to fix it until I get back from COS.  
@KyleBourke so jealous say hello to everyone...  waaaabulance
@KyleCpepper you ok?? 
@kyledejong @Yaffler Wow! Chow, Gastropod and now Lucy. Shame. 
@KyleDLIFE aw, youre missing a great show 
@kyleduke I for one am sad  I've watch pretty much every episode since it's come out
@kylee_2009 I think I am bad at describing it 
@KyleEnglish Just saw ur set time  Andrea &amp; I could have stopped by b4 Chakras rehearsal (7) ~ nice 2cu play w buttrflies n vino again 
@kylefox takes me 2 hours to get to the Vancouver Apple store 
@KyleGraham  Last time I switched simple hosting, I lost parts of my PHP/SQL for over a week.  Had to hire a programmer to fix it all 
@kylegwhite you go when I'm not working!!!! 
@KyleHD stuck? ha that really sucks 
@kyleleonard some one beat me  oh well. If you have another one DM me please.
@kylelynch66 we lost both..  I think we were all a little rusty...
@kyleman2008..especially after my wiper motor died 
@kylemaxwell I'm with you there. It's infuriating and so ubiquitous.  The sad thing is that people don't even realise they're doing it.
@KyleRohde haha not like I'm addicted or anything, just to stay asleep. I don't have my puppy to keep me company anymore 
@KyleSC I'm jealous. My bike is going to shop. Gunky carbs du to rusty tank, we think.  I luv my 84 Honda Magna.
@kyleskywalker ahh haha go ricky, ah yeah its fail so badly im so jealous of my friend that just got a job at eb games  hahaha
@kyletolle I've been petioning for years for America to celebrate how awesome I am for an hour every day. No luck yet. 
@KylieAAM Yeah, I know. Hard to beat you now.  Hehehehe.
@KylieCallMe  NWA broke my wheelchair and then made me feel evil for bringing it to my wedding 
@KylieD87 @25superstar I'm sorry...   But I have to prepare emotionally... just in case.  So I'm not a basket case if it happens... 
@kylieeann she dosn't like me going to concerts and stuff she hears all the stories about the bad things that happend and so i can't go 
@kylietothemoon @danniFNB @ftskristen HEYY MPLS GIRLS. do you know where andrew is. my friend is at the show and she can't find him. 
@kylietothemoon WHAT THE FUCK. they only had old small ones at mine for $2! i'm pissed now 
@kyluhtoots oops. Cy's place is too near. Trouble for me. 
@kymby I'm going to be in vegas 
@kymherbert Hmm it no be compatible with b3.54  be loooking at home
@kymiess Its gonna be so weird to live somewhere else after 4 years...its really stressful 
@kymmiegrizz get off of your phone and please dont die 
@kymosabe  sorry to hear about your mom. hope she gets well soon. iphone boot seems to be faster on the 3GS and I think you must need one.
@kymstar  conGratulations! miss u  I just caame fr a graduation in philly,PA
@KymStar kim!!!!!!!!!!!!! miss u much i was away but im back..out with mom i will c u all next week have fun 
@KyNamDoan GOOD LUCK WITH THE LSAT!!! That will be me in the next few months. 
@kyndall93 thiq creepy Mexican guy was staring me down 
@kyndoll you're going to see JB? aww, lucky  I want to go, but I'm broke and there's no way my mom would let me go after paying so much
@Kynp06 , i wasnt near my phonneee  but you could have called my house lol
@kynzilla but I'm on my way to the gay club in san antonio  may I come home tomorrow?
@kyoisorange lol were always friends  i havent got hers yet .. and im busy next weekend  dunno when im getting yours and hers
@Kyra_In_TX I know what you mean. 
@Kyra028 Good ta. It's really sunny here today, but I'm working too 
@KyraAngela oh fuck you. you AND missy wont be at school. what am i gonna do 
@KyraCNN it is depressing when those in desperate medical aid seek options that do not help them, instead, take advantage of them 
@KyraLovesLife i cant saturday  maybe next saturday?  haha
@KyranBracken wow i'd love to go there ! but i live in glasgow so its a tad far away 
@Kyro81 ya I haven't seen u in foreverrr!  I'll text u when I get back to KY...do u still have the same number?
@kyrobbins Oh, not good.   Hope she gets better soon...
@Kyros_ Hey, I try. I just hate the thought of you being cooped up in there all of the time. 
@kyspeaks windows 7 RC improved by a mile but on a older laptop is still doesn't run that smoothly as was meant for netbooks 
@kytrixia it is broken 
@kyuhyunnie But I'm very mad that at the end, when u guys were talking to the MC, she stood right in front of u  I couldn't see ur face &gt;&lt;
@kyute_shana not on the right comp xD and someone dissed the vamp fic so im hesitant  :'(
@kywagner =o! im trying!! lol  why are you lonely babe. anything i can do?
@kzelnio Sorry, checked all 3 school's libraries I can access...no such luck. 
@kzluvskim23 had fun with you babe. im sorry for the spaghetti 
@L_du_Coudray oh wow awesome ;) too bad i don't plan on celebrating my birthday 
@L_Hutch a rubbish old man pub. and was fosters  x 23
@L_Twin People will go to BFBC1 if they are new to 1943!! keep us alive. Poll suggests people would pay for new maps. 
@l_usive at least you have a job 
@l0RENElAiNE I'm not goin have a way out there til b.dix gets off  but we swimming tomorrow !
@l0riell i had a nightmare we werent myspaceing each other anymore 
@l0v3bomb Is that why you're in summer school?  
@l0vEhillaryBaBy 
@l17_glg Omg, Gemma. Shingles?  Are you ok? x
@L2LD I figured as much   You bein'........good?
@L2LD Nobody was there 
@L33Tdpunk I am currently missing the late night treks 
@l33th4x0r gah i totally wish i was there  damnit ya'll need to bring the party to florida
@L4U124 8 gb  my mom refused to buy any bigger :'(
@l4v4 i love ireland but i love me some booze &amp; good company too  enjoy everyone | epic dance &amp; flip a cup por moi &lt;3
@L8NiteRowWL you weren't online i wanted to talk to u for a few mins 
@LA_Decostified did the Redbox survey, got the code... And it didn't work! 
@LA_Decostified I dont have cams w me  Just bberry no cam. Hmmm.
@la_discoteca  i just saw this im sorry 
@La_Dominicana my lunch is in 1hour15mins...  
@la_le so jealous that @mphartzler gets to enjoy german food, gummies n Pretzles with you.... 
@la_le yesssss!!! She has a wedding  next time for sure!
@LA_leanne 33 in copenhagen... oh my god too old. 
@la_russo Need a charger .....battery low 
@La_Tina U took too long. I was just gonna say I love you. 
@La_Tisia For some reason the original title sounds more intriguing than the translation! I once read them too but can't remember 
@laaabaseball OMG no Fair 
@laabeebaaa lol im in bed. i have guests downstairs.. my knee is killing me  damn knee i tell u ... u wtchin the match?
@LaaLaa1117 I think we need to form r support group now! There is no way we r going to b able 2 handle a year break 
@laalanthika lmao wat dya mean word count? Nd hahaha aw my essays r gttin better! :p bt err doubt it.. House arrest remember!!  wbu? ..S.x
@laalanthika yehh sum1 else is, annoyin she did a gd job 2  wiv twilight  mtv awards 2nyt- u gna watch em? x
@laalicee24 thats what my dad said 
@Laaurenx hate them, we didnt evan meet him 
@laavenus i've got a massive hangover lor... and you din pick up when i call you last night... again!! as usual... 
@Lab_Mouse  awww that's no good
@labalicious you went to maker faire? 
@Labanya_x3 Nothin'. getting some work done so i dont fail out of ap bio. 
@LabbadiaSisters its been raining for the past 2 weeks. i hate it 
@LaBellaBOSS  dont do ya dog like that ima come visit this time hell i jus might stay wit u 2 make up 4 our lost smoking time lol
@labelladiva This computer does not have sound  I guess it will wait until tomorrow.
@labellagorda @Asfaq she bought the same bag as mine! at a ten percent discount!  and she made me buy a cap!!!
@labellagorda oh, did not see your message in time  missed the opp.
@LaBellaSiM I did but woke up at 2am and been up since 
@LaBellaSiM my headache was so bad I woke up from sleep and have no meds and don't want to take none 
@labellavitaa cuz the seniors had some shit  for yearbooks and a dance company rented the auditorium (((
@LaBelleMusik  You AND SCOTTY are on this tour!!!! IM SO JEALOUS.. I WANNA BE THERE TOO.   
@LaBelleMusik mediatakeout is saying you and jordin sparks are more than friends....  not even cool...
@labelorlove awww no  poor jo-jo  i hope he is okay *hug* he is too cute to be hurt
@labfly I'm worried about @varin, too. No word since last night that I know of. Hoping to hear from her soon. 
@LabiosSupreme noooo my stomach is hurtin soooo bad!!! I'm jus layin on the sofa...I hate this 
@labneh123 COMING TO DC BABY!!!  July 17th ... its been too long 
@laborracha I thought we did too... but the tire was COMPLETELY flat again the next morning.  
@labrisaphoto not working 
@labrujitarosa The ice tray didn't magically refill  And we are in dire need of mixers... Bacardi and tomato juice...or milk...?
@Labrys67 Nope  Neither of our ladies are on today.
@labspaz my house too! It made @hampiee leave last time.. 
@LaBu02: ahh what happened dood? 
@laccboner lace what up I leave July 7th I'm going to miss yall dearly 
@lacedwithlacy i freaking love roseanna marathons. i let joel have my tv for his room though. so i just have my comp. 
@LaceeBrianne I'm soooo sorry. My mom is making a house call atm cause her friend is going to the philippenes. UGH. I am soo sorry! 
@laceefranks @elektmiss u toooooo  hope u are well
@LaceeLynch uhh so sad- i freaking went to sleep! i think they are closed on sunday 
@lacey_abby 2la pasal, b! I dah beli 2 dah! In e midst of getting anor 1!!! Help! M outta control!!! 
@Lacey0108 if you're talking about the logo contest, I didnt enter 4 it, so no.. 
@laceyanne2357 I should've been working... but there was nothing to do, so I couldn't go in 
@LaceyJacqueline aw sorry &lt;3 poor moth 
@LaceyJones I'd go, but I'm going to play #WSOP40 . I won 2 free tix to all HOB shows for year but haven't used any yet this month 
@LaceySchwimmer so you think you can dance?? I don't know about you but i was so disappointed that they sent Max home 
@LaceyTurner ahh poor you  I hate hayfever :/ x
@LaceyTurner Hey, i know it's only a show but it's so sad what's happening to Stacey and Bradley wants to divorce  but i wanna ask......
@LaChaCharli lol...yeah strawberries in Love...xD I must go to training soon 
@lachicabella I was trapped all day on Sat. (Plumber) Shopping all day yesterday. So in all I'm $2,000 in the hole   LOL
@LachyG Darn it. You did. And my reverse attempt to assassinate you failed miserably 
@LachyG Lachy I keep waiting my payment. I finished the work 3 months ago, stop telling me a date and then not comply  buuh!
@lachysykes awww! make sure to keep warm! getting sick is awful  XO
@Laci_Loo Woman! I am sorry to hear that. I really hope you feel better soon! 
@lacielanell no, I'm not eating pancakes  but pancake day = yum!
@lacietee i wish i was going, cuz i miss you. 
@LaciParrish well, it could have been Edward... Or the half naked flipper kid 
@LacksleepDNA Did not, because frankly!!! They don't care 
@LACMA image link doesn't work. 
@LaCochina_1 ..good morning...my sucky home comp didn't allow me into that neat chat we had going on last night...left me hot &amp; bothered 
@laconics Whyy?    
@Lacrimae Pfft, there you go with the logic again! 
@lacrosland @crosland_12 u two didn't invite me!  
@Lactofree Nope, not tried the cheese yet, no where near me sells it it seems  Maybe the big Sainsbury's does but I can't get there...
@ladaw  &lt;----- this sad face is saying there's NO SUCH THING.
@ladebelle i don't  i got a new phone
@ladebelle yea, b/c ur def not one of my followers... 
@LadiAsh; we are on the same page, all I want is a bean &amp; cheese burrito  lol
@Ladiebuggie no i didnt have a party  i wanted to! im just sooooo glad im Finally out of high school 
@LadieJade actually something's wrong with the fone because my gmail wasn't coming thru today either 
@LadieJade IDK DC summers are out of control...Its been raining forever! Seriously depressing 
@Ladiejay what a day it was  3 hour friends graduation, japanese dining! Shopping now home. I hate graduations 
@ladiiverity: 
@ladrupal Hm. I will see if I can make that work, cos it would be really fun. August == last 31 days before Drupal 7 code freeze, though. 
@Lady__Christina I thought I had lost my companion 
@lady_firey gross  - you need a 'fart' bomb from the local funny shop - will drive you out of the room - but he will have to go too!
@lady_j51 I'm twittering from Alex's phone because I'm going through withdrawal. My iPhone is dead 
@lady_jay21 I bet you are. Noo for years all we talked about was going to Vegas together  but Ive got $25 in the bank def not enough to go
@lady_jay21 I can't believe I'm not there!!! We almost went last night at 12am but realized we'd get there at 4am n prob die 
@Lady_Jenny and ernie singing was incredible the concert is over now 
@Lady_KayKay You stopped watching Star Trek to watch The Bachelorette? That's a shame 
@lady_midnite Oh jeez! Your own mom forgot your birthday?  Only my dad pulls shitfuckery like that. And infrequently at that.
@Lady_Twitster  Ooo dear !  what up lady ?
@Lady_Twitster awe  **hugs** glad you're feeling better now though
@Lady_Twitster Coffee first thing I will do once son safely out of the door - a little more encouragement still needed...... 
@Lady_Twitster me too 
@Lady12s i say that every night!! but it never works out,, im not normal     lol.  xxx
@ladyalby7 I hate it when days off from work go so fast. 
@LadyArubiana If everything means up to 250 then yes love.  But your pic isn't showing so I can't see the dimples 
@LadyArubiana thats good to hear, ive been good too. I missed my buddy  yeah my bad what ya doin?
@LadyArubiana the only major drawback of the iPhone is sending and recieving pictures!!! email is the only way to send/recieve them 
@ladybossy1 that's the part that's about 2 come on now... it went 2 commercial tho 
@ladybug_155 *shoves you beneath an aloe waterfall* Feel better, Sweet Les 
@ladybug_155 It's the best..no real ONE meaning..punctuation makes it different! i.e. Booga?  BOOGA!   Booga!   BOOGA?! o_O
@ladybug27 Damn! I missed out? Why didn't you invite me? 
@ladybug8320  Ahh ok ! I jumped in there back in April ! Surprised I got chucked out ! Not even an offer of a towel either !! 
@ladybug8320  Yeah gr8 day ! Nailed some new clients this affie/eve. So allgud ! Hoo Haa .weather rubbish tho ! 
@ladybug8320 oh yes i sure will, but sad cause i will miss the view at the house am leaving actually 
@ladybug8320 ooh, work im afarid  looking forward to a sunny weekeknd tho!!!
@ladybug8320 well ive been wishin this past 2 days that someone else will do it but when i got up this mornin it was still there boo! 
@ladyc247 please cont to follow me!  pretty please
@ladycameo yeahh.. its kinda sketch. we've been sitting on the floor in a lobby because its too cold out and we dont know what to do yet 
@LadyChann ok, i'm not gonna argue with you!! but i know kelly killed it, so not happy what u wrote about her performance 
@LadyChef8484 that sounds so good compared to my detox crappy food. 
@LadyCookieLuck Hey...how do i send you a message i cant find your message thing 
@ladycrumpet ew, I just translated it 
@ladydani86 I am very very sorry sayang... Pls dun be upset wif me... 
@LadyDee03 awww  hope you feel better and all goes well stay strong
@LadyDi612 I still don't appear. Twitter doesn't like me.  I only changed my username I didn't delete/restart my whole account...
@ladydisdain I know. I lived in it in Mexico, applied it constantly, and still burned. 
@LadyDivina I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY wish I was there. 
@LadyDutchess awww  i mish u too ladie whats been good?
@LadyDuval4ISM I missed them.  I am about to go back and look.
@LadyDuval4ISM Sick...  was ok this morning but feelin like crap now...
@LadyEcclesxX Nice, Im going to Poland to see my Grama and grandad who isint very well 
@LadyeK I was straight in but it looks like they are doing maintenance again atm (they are trying to prevent script cheaters 
@LadyElena @glamorous_be The only problem is that I didnt get an invoice, not by email as well  ? @LadyElena Do you get one ?
@LadyErlynne That is TRAGIC. ;) Um. I know you can torrent some of it. Like I said, YouTube has some episodes. But idk, otherwise. Sad. 
@ladyfeetz i did it ! yay !! this makes my brain hurt 
@ladyferry i couldnt agree more!! poor Pete 
@LadyFr3sh work 
@LadyFrontbum apparently so. Nicole gave them a piece of her mind. twas her birthday  Losers. how was your day? did ava sleep without boob
@LadyFrontbum Nah I thought &quot;Oooh shiny gadgets that come with lots of bits! Where do I sign?&quot; Sims hate  my videocard 
@ladygaga and you don't love Singapore? 
@ladygaga heard you gave an awesome performance in sa.. sad to have missed 
@ladygaga is following my little bro  nottt fairr!! hahaha
@ladygaga we'll miss u in germany  have fun in the UK 
@ladygagafan1 sad because I do not have the new album of Jonas 
@ladygee22208 good life.. Lol I wish I can wake up after 7am instead I gotta do 5am 
@ladygee22208 wowowowowowo were the hell u been haven't read anything from u on twitter all day 
@LadyHilary I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@LadyHoova I am Silas...........It has been a long time since I ventured into WOW. 
@LadyIceQueen_LV trying to get over a crappy weekend that's seems to make my week worse  im Jordan btw what's your name?
@ladyinreddress &quot;scary&quot; thinking glandular fever is coming back 
@Ladyj26 &amp; @Kellyt22 I think mine got lost too! Or maybe we jus arent cool enough to hang out with?  
@ladyjam i hope you had fun. i wish i could have made it. next time. no phone till wednesday 
@Ladyjaye26 Yes girl! Be my memory catcher, cause I don't have a camera 
@LadyJoJo88 a little bit of revision possibly, watching some TV at the mo, work later  you? X
@LadyJoJo88 Oh dear... back to the grind I go 
@ladyjordank and I wish they wouldn't cos then NK might jack it all in due to the shit   
@ladyjordank yeh wont let me in tonight! 
@ladyjori whaaaat what about your house? You've been working so hard on it! 
@ladykate88 i'm sorry that must've been hard 
is going to the grad thing this afternoon.  don't know why
is going to the gym now 
Is going to the hospital 2moro to solve the knee problems!! Hopefully an operation won't be needed! 
is going to the orthodontist 
is going to the orthodontist tomorrow, ugh 
is going to try and get some good sleep tonight so I can study all day again tomorrow 
is going to try and sleep now but i think I have a mild case of pig/bird/cow flu 
is going to upate all day?! please God, Dont allow monday to come 
is going to visit his totally insane cousins. This should be fun. Minus the fact i'm extremely exhausted.  God help me!
is going to watch &quot;Womanizer&quot; at the cinema tonight..has a bad headache 
is going to watch some Ponderland tonight...AUS gets some finally....well apart from the Scandalous show that was on when I had a flu. 
is going to watch terminator later. And i can't wait! I miss my boyfriend lahhh. 
is going to work  bye x
is going to work for 7 hours  Luckily I have my iPhone so can make twitter posts as I work =D
Is going to work in 20 minutes. Great stuff! 
is going to work now.....   back later!
is going to work soon...and then has to study for his exams 
Is going to work, missing playoffs  RIP CITY!!!
is going to work. 
Is going to work..sad day 
Is going WI  but will be back in AZ on Monday! Yay! Going to watch Friday the 13th on my iPod on the flight.
is gonna be drugged up tonite 
is gonna gain so much weight from this weeks late night fatty dinners 
Is gonna go downstairs and get my breakfast. Im so hungry 
is gonna go find something to eat in this darn place.  i miss @dyassab 
is gonna go home today.  im not ready to go back to stupid del rio.....
Is gonna go on a cleaning spree today&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;hmmm I wonder how long its gonna stay clean, me thinks not very long 
is gonna go to work soon 
is gonna have 2 pull an all nighter 
Is gonna have a hard time saying goodbye to friends 
is gonna have to clean my room!!!!!!!!!!!   ( I hadn't cleaned it 4 a long time)   
is gonna have to go to the doctor tomorrow 
Is gonna miss her regular seat... bye bye comfort zone... 
Is gonna miss his best friend when she goes too hawaii 
is gonna miss JCR!! Byee 
Is gonna miss lindsey while shes in europe 
is gonna miss sheldon 
Is gonna miss the bio class and those idiots 
is gonna miss the seniors 
is gonna start getting ready for my last show this tour  Birmingham best b ready for me!!
is gonna start revising for exams in May 
is gonna stop uploading photos now. i shud rli get to sleep its like 230am damn you insomnia 
Is gonna take spanish finals soon 
is gonna tottle off to bed. i needs sleep before tomorrow. was too lazy tonight and did no work  guilty 
is gonna try and sleep for a little while...so sleepy.  
Is gonna try to make herself go to sleep now... Hope it works... Lol ... Doubt it... Wud be so much easier if the Mr. Were here 
Is Good Maybe all of this was temporary??  hmmm, well i had some good times, it as fun while it lasted:.. http://tinyurl.com/ng6bsx
is got headache argggh 
is graduating today... 
is greatly hurt 
is green now, apparently. And wants to go back home 
Is grieving that he will be unable to attend http://www.advance09.com 
is grounded  http://plurk.com/p/z4g7g
is grounded! my best friend &amp; I made some bad choices lol. fuckk. this weekend was suposed to kick ass, now its down the drain 
Is grumpy and has no reason to be. He is sorry. 
is grumpy, even chocolate doesnt help!  PMSing can be a full time job
is guna crack on with the revision today  Got lots to do but very lil time!
Is gunna get ready to go to school now  boring
is gunna play the wii.ugh tobad that pillowbiter is grounded  eh guess thats what u get for going in the drunktank xD haha aww :'(
is gunna smoke this......then off to work 
is gutted about Katie &amp; Peter  Love Them!
is gutted at the fact that there is no bread, no milk, no orange juice, no crisps &amp; is completely bored of living off easter eggs. 
is gutted at the prison break ending 
is gutted bout missing packet soup night with J-UNIT. 
Is gutted Cairon has gone   oh well best crack on with the ironing....joy!!  Welcome Mr Rivers x
is gutted for the hitman   i cried! time to  throw in the towel return home  proud of you m8 ... your  a true  champion to your fans .xx
is gutted he has lost his rock band wristbands  anyone care to donate a pair to me plz
is gutted his phone screen protector has more bubbles than an Aero 
is gutted its the last supernatural 2nite ov the series 
is gutted my M.AC myth Lipstick broke after 1 use 
is gutted my mate had to come home from htid in the sun early  women+raving=not good lol no offence to the good ones out there 
is gutted she cant see @ThrillHillBruce this year 
Is gutted she is being forced to make BAD COFFEE at work to reduce waste. 
Is gutted sum one aint talking to her 
is gutted that Flawless didnt win BGT 
is gutted that he isn't in cornwall 
is gutted that im not seeing Britney tonight  i know she mimes but its BRITNEY SPEARS! hope she comes back to the UK soon.
is gutted that Mcflyy isn't coming to Cardiff, as she sees them every year 
is gutted theres no Neyo tickets left  i blame jord lol
is gutted this wk will be the last time spent with her 54 girls before we move out forever  cosmic tuesdays!!
is gutted! It's supposed to rain on my birthday  Maybe a Sunday sesh?
is gutted, my girlfriend dumped me!! 
is gutted... her sims 3 game decided to freeze a player and so I lost a character 
is hacked off that he's just found the perfect job that is relevant to his degree but the deadline was 3 weeks ago 
is half asleep and not looking forward to work all day today.  oh and homework.
is handling telemax! I hate being a message center 
is hangen to get to the goldy  but dont think its gunna go down :&quot;( so sad
is hanging at home relaxing ! still worn out from yesterdays shoot.. i want a smoothie so bad. but juice it up by my house closed 
is hanging out at home with her lil man...he has a sore throat today  
is hanging out at the house...I miss my mama 
is hanging out at the moms house untll my long work nite ahead, dreading it!  Catching up on some laundry 
Is hanging out with my red headed love heather so sad she's leaving me in 2weeks 4 good  back home to cali i will miss you my damie dame.
Is hanging out with@briittaney and going to shoot my gun for the last time b4 I sell it 
Is hanging put with the fam today and wishes is wasn't raining!!! 
is hanging with chey tonight, hurry and get off work 
Is happy for her bestmate but is also feeling a bit sad 
is Happy Mother's day, wishing she were at home and still bed, it's going to be a really long day. 
is happy my hair didnt get wet coming home from work in the rain. I wouldve been out the game cuz I broke my good flat irons earlier 2day 
is happy now!! should i get both of them? 
Is happy Tammy lead him astray, it was fun. Now I'm home alone 
is happy that i have internet on my phone cuz our internet at home isnt working. 
Is happy that its already tuesday! The weekend is so close! But yet so far 
is happy that she has to wait until Green Day is October until she gets to go in a mosh pit again 
Is happy the tree fell at a diagonal and landed on the part of my house my landlord lives in. But now I can only go out the front door 
Is happy to be  finally hanging out on the couch with her grandparents.  But old age sucks 
is happy to be back in Manc but is not happy with the weather!! 
is happy to be having a girls night with Brit and Athena, and is ready for 2mro with Brandon! Also missing my little bro and mom 
Is happy with her maths, but now I have to get on with geography revision 
is happy!  LOL! i'm at stupid KC's house..ahahaha. XD  i wanna shop! 
is happy...REALLY REALLY REALLY happy =D. The soap opera has ended! YAY ;) but there is no one to hug 
Is happy...Skool just let out..! Today was my last day..! Yippee! R.I.P Jackson Tyler Morris..! Always Loved And Never Forgotten..! 
is hatin this rain 
is hating being a girl right now for one reason 
is hating biostats. And vodafone. Stupid fuckers wouldn't let my phone work earlier. Who knows what I've missed out on 
Is hating computer trouble 
is hating english revsion but has york in her sights so bestkeep working  xxxxxx
Is hating her internet lately and has a pounding head for some reason. 
is hating migraines....spew sucks 
is hating not having cable - gonna miss VMA's and seeing New Moon trailer. 
is hating this cape town weather! Totally *sucks* staying in doors 24/7! 
is HATING TWITTER 
is havin a bad hair day 
is havin the worst day ever. Someone please take me away from everything 
Is having a &quot;hard&quot; time due to low intake of fibre this few days 
is having a bad Friday in the office 
is having a bad night 
is having a convo about the  MMMM foods she can pop over to U.S. to get as they are not available here   Keebler cookies anyone?
is having a cup of Spiced Chai tea with some toast and jam in bed. Headache and upset belly 
is having a day of forms... 
Is having a day! 
Is having a delayed reaction to this months earlier dissapointing news 
is having a few drinks with shelby, a bit tipsy but gotta stop have work tomorrow 
is having a financial crisis. 
is having a good day.  It is sad when I get antsy for Steve to get home at 5pm, what will I do when he doesn't come home for days?? 
is having a good morning which will soon be dampered by a poop faced math test 
is having a hard time 
is having a hard time concentrating today.  Have to get it together!
is having a hard time downloading Bros&amp;Sis 03x22-23! HELP!  http://plurk.com/p/stpzq
is having a hard time finding ticketts. Boooo 
is having a hard time sleeping! 
is having a hard time waking up today. gotta get out to the shop. then gotta proofread. Boooo. 
is having a headache   http://plurk.com/p/y476c
is having a headache! 
is having a headache... 
is having a headache... Poor me... 
Is having a lazy day got a 12hr shift ahead of me tomorrow 
is having a lonely weekend.. 
is having a major disfunction a la tete; reluctant to move on after her traumatic experience from the diagnostic test. SATII Match2c tmrw 
is having a major migraine in the middle of all that is happening!  when I wake up, this migraine will be gone I hope. 
is having a night in tonight - got to rest up for those exams 
Is having a pretty bad fucking 2 days 
is having a problem  paano ba ma fix ung USB Write Protected daw (tears) help huhu http://plurk.com/p/12kdqb
Is having a really shite day 
is having a rough week and it's doesn't seem that it's going to get better in the next week 
IS HAVING A ROUGH WEEKEND!     
Is having a rubbish Monday at work!  Some fiend has defaced my David Tennant Calendar . . . .Poor David 
Is having a sad night 
is having a shit saturday and a shit saturday night so has acccepted her fate and is doing psychology revision and maybe some eco, too 
is having a shitty day. Work was a suck, I forgot my lunch on the kitchen counter, no one knows how to drive and my left ear hurts. 
is having a super duper ginormous terrifying headache 
is having a technologically challenging morning, power outage in building, VoIP phone not working, Outlook things it is my first time 
is having a tough time with work .. is overworked and overstressed  and is a slave to work..
is having a tummy ache from my ice cream 
is having a Very bad hair day 
is having a very crappy start to the morning. 
is having a writer's block. HELP! 
is having an early night. Have to get up at about 6.30am to get my final art class 
is having an icky day 
is having an insane week! no time to watch any shows  missed SYTYCD &amp; a weeks worth of Im A Celeb. this shall be impossible to catch up 
is having an intense fat day 
Is having an O.C marathon.. Oh how I wish this show wasn't cancelled  4 seasons just isn't enough
is having another crap friday nite at home 
is having another crappy day 
is having backpain  http://plurk.com/p/12i17p
is having bad asthma at the mo. 15 hours now 
is having Beach Day at school today!! If only I felt better 
is having blue weekend....everybody in the house is suffering from cold, cough and flu.........  http://myloc.me/2KD4
is having dinner with her kiddos....eddie got called out   he's on call this week....
is having dinner, pork &amp; beans...  http://plurk.com/p/p6x64
is having headache 
is having headache and colds... 
is having her first break of the day. Look forward to The Apprentice final tonight! Sad its ending though 
is having her own (solo) pajama party  http://plurk.com/p/xxv7i
is having his arse totally kicked all over the shop in Scrabble! 
is having information overload... getting dizzy  http://plurk.com/p/xugag
Is having issues with uploading photos on twitter 
is having loads of fun studying for bio,chem,maths,and history's finals on sunday and monday....NOT!! ugh, i just wanna get it over with! 
is having many difficulties  but please be patient
Is having no luck today 
is having one of those days.  
is having one of those days. Sad face.  x
is having Principles of Computing lab session. *yawns* boring. sleepy. urrrgh. work later, damnit. 
is having problem with herself now. i easily get mad. 
is having problems logging into facebook 
is having problems uploading a picture. 
Is having really odd stabbing stomach pains  is what??
is having second thoughts about that sin 
is having some sort of mind blank 
is having some tummy issues 
is having such a bad day already 
is having surgery tomorrow morning at 7 am 
Is having the most blastedly boring sunday it has ever been her displeasure to have.... she hasnt even got ready yet, bad times 
is having to survive without a capo for a few weeks... 
Is having trouble falling asleep without my teddybear here..  Delph &lt;3's Dee
is having trouble recording his first track for his mixtape  why do i keep stuttering and mixing my words 
Is having trouble sleeping!!! 
Is he talking about me?? And I'm sorry. 
Is headache a sign of swine flu? Because I have one - i.e. headache. 
Is headache central today  i am. Not well x
is headed back home 
Is headed home from the OBX 
Is headed to San Jose for more party tips and tricks!! Huh...I'd rather be at church 
Is headed to the hospital  God, please let her get better!
is headed to work after a crappy night...i might not be up for anything else today. 
Is heading back to ohio later. 
is heading back to the old grind 
is heading back to toon town in the morning.  Wish I would of taken the weekend off! Sigh...
is heading into work on this somewhat chilly and gray sky morning... It is June, right?  miss the sunrise these past few mornings...
is heading off to the desert museum http://www.desertmuseum.org/ Probably the last time before I leave 
is heading off to work at 2:50ish.... 
is heading off to work now 
is heading out to Bugis to partake in the SF4 tourney. Do I have what it takes to go toe to toe with the best in SG? I seriously doubt so 
is heading to band practice.   but currently stuck in traffic. 
is heading to bed, i dread work tomorrow 
is heading to bed. College in the morning  night (bye) x http://plurk.com/p/xhf85
Is heading to bed...my last night of a great birthday weekend 
is heading to Seattle to meet up w/ @APHughes... and still missing my other half. 
is heading to the big reunion dinner. Disappointed in a few folks who still live in town but aren't coming. 
Is heading up north, the rain seems to be following me 
is healthy breakfast then back to geography revision 
is heart broked..  .. first warrick.. then grissom.. !!! i dunno i can watch any more episodes of CSI..
Is heart broken that Chad Micheal Murray &amp; Hilarie Burton will not be in season 7 of One Tree Hill 
is heartbroken about the BNP seat. 
is heart-broken because she didnt get a job that she really really wanted 
Is heartbroken that the absolutely amazing christina woodard is going home 
Is hella cranky today.   .......
is hella effin' tired this morning.......staying up 2 extra hrs took alot outta me 
Is hella sadface. 
is helping liz pack and watching her get ready to move  tear....
Is helping Sonni move out!!! 
Is hexa bored at home hopefully I'll have more fun soon 
is highly impatient ... It sucks being an Aries sometimes. 
Is his last day of camp tomarow  just as soon as he got used to it...
is hitting the streets. 40 hours living with Lexington's homeless. No food...no bed...no problem. No Facebook or Twitter...  Pray for us.
is home  i wish i was old enough
is home after a trip to AutoZone and the bank! Now chillin at home doing nothing all day :/ kinda boring 
is home alone with no food and nothing to do  Someone come save me (:
is home alone.. Doing hw 
is home and can now officially focus on her workout w/o having to worry about classes and finals...till her summer session starts 
Is home and is very sorry it took her so long to update. She fell asleep then couldn't figure out how to work her father's laptop. 
Is home and just took a five hour nap 
Is home and relaxing in the sunshine before she has to go to Worthing 
is home dead tired  http://plurk.com/p/z3jxw
is home doing homework 
is home for a day and going to miss all the seniors leaving 
is home from a really sad recital, 
Is home from Experience 
is home from holiday to find Bruno one of our cats is lost in Clapham Common http://bit.ly/JbAxW 
is home from Lanzarote...back to this shite weather, hows ya luck 
is home from Moscars. I already miss my college babies 
is home from recording session. Now exhausted but still have to help G cook and cut J's hair. Have begged for an hour to myself. Denied. 
Is home from school after this cold fukn rain  I know, you feel sorry for me haha jokes LOL
is home from the baseball game....too bad we lost 
is home from vegas. I wanna go back 
is home from work and stressed 
is home from work, but feels terrible.  Stupid hangover.  
is home from work............. and there's no food ANYWHERE!!! im starving....... bad times 
is home in bed with the flu 
Is home now. Time to read? Nobody is one Skype... 
is home on day leave!!! but back again tonight 
Is home safe and sick  I'm beggining to hate flying! Have to get up early tomorrow to set up for a cad wash and a wedding! Yay Me!
is home very bored 
is home watching melrose place on a saturday night. thank god im sick or this would be sad 
is home way too early on a Saturday night. Must be time for midterms 
is home! Home with chocolate covered coffee beans! Almost missing the cold now that it's gone. 
is home!! =D but now i have to unpack 
is home, and wet.. i lost my umbrella  http://plurk.com/p/11dl4y
is home, in bed... watching the pens... Oh well 
is home. 
is home. and kinda liked montreal. a bit. i guess. sad she missed the boys  @LucasJLawrence &amp; BrodieTavares
is home. Hella HW to do tomorrow  Why do I procrastinate so much!?! Is getting over it, and moving on. I hope we can still be friends
is home. misses my sea isle friends 
Is home... needs green tea! 
is home....its raining..again  
Is homesick and a light weight apparently 
is homesick, because of sezen aksu's newly released album... 
is homeward bound 
Is honestly feeling really depressed with everyone moving.. And fathers day coming up... And I hate being depressed  
is honestly...really sad right now  what's new?
Is hopeing some of his friends get him cool shirts since he couldnt #bamboozle it like all them  ps fob. Nfg. tc!Tbs. Allong them lines 
is hopelessly tweeting celebs and hoping they'll tweet back. No luck so far 
is hopin her car is safe 4 the night its in a bad neighbourhood..... :'( shudnt of drank n jst drove home 
Is hopin tomoro and today fly by! I hate work experience.   X
is hoping for a fit copper but bet he FUGLY  lol
Is hoping her daughter is not getting sick 
is hoping his girlfriend will be able to talk to him soon... 
is hoping it won't rain and ruin the day's cricket today 
is hoping manchester united do well next season now ronaldo has left 
is hoping my bb visits  Rob soon!!!  Need more pics!!
is hoping Nathan will make my night by sending one of his AMAZING texts good night. Didn't get to go out tonight.  Hopefully soon, though!
is hoping no-one else will fall ill today 
is hoping people will rededicate their lives to God. I miss you guys a lot...wish I could go to church more. 
is hoping that she left her bb at home and didn't lose it on the Metro 
Is hoping that work isn't to hard on me tomorrow 
is hoping the night ends before all my h2o is gone from my eyes  emo I know
is hoping the sunburn eases up soon..a few blisters too...ouch 
is hoping things take a turn for the good cause rely not been having a good month 
is hoping this is not flu. 
Is hoping tj calls tonight i luv my baby- i can never eat kfc again 
is hoping to attend warped tour, but I need bout 50.00 for a ticket  it doesn't look possible! :\
is hoping to feel better....my tummy hurts, this sucks  I want to go out tonight!
is hoping to find a job soon... i really want a Mini 
is hoping to get my car fixed. 
@ladykbj girl the bars been clsd since 2. im ready to goooo  lol Wait! they jus turned the lights on! Yippeeee! *Ms BlasianP swag surfin*
@ladykbj oh no your picture  I'm hanging in there today girl although I'm not feeling too hot! How's everything going your way?
@ladykiller719  you dont want your friends knowing about me!!?? 
@ladykillerr   janeeeyy, ive got this lama figurine and it sorta looks like a camel baha so it reminded me of you lolll and i miss 
@Ladyknowles I wish I'd stayed up to play it with you 
@ladylaw07 I'm fat now peju  and I just want more toned leggies.  missss youu thoo!! move to LA!
@LadyLeamy Are you gonna actually spend anytime with me? I'm moving this weekend 
@LadyLeet     why aren't you hanging out with me  
@ladyleo_elyse it's true!  It was a big mess.  
@ladylikepunk Has happened again. Bloody Twitter 
@ladylocs40 I was going into work :-/. Got an hour and a half of sleep 
@LadyLogan I thought u were down here so I came down and u were mom said no RJ took them 
@ladylok ~ No, I haven't seen the movie yet  Maybe I'll see it this or next weekend ^-^
@ladyloki surely that's the only way? Blast it all tho.. I'll miss the Captain 
@ladylonline aawww i wanna do that stuff again too 
@ladylonline what's wrong? 
@LadyLTattoos Man, I wish I was in the D so we could hang bcuz Im in Chi in the same boat w/ nowhere 2 go 
@ladymaryann clubpenguins not loading 
@ladymaryann ur worying me LM 
@ladymaryann yeah, i like pink too, lol. Im having allergic itches right now.   how r u?
@LadyMimsETP yeahhhh  I don't feel gooodd
@ladymix yeah me too.. the drinks. Not the dishes. And everything store wise will be closed when I get home. 
@ladynaes Way to not invite me 
@LadyNez95 I can't see it  what song is it? Btw omg IMMATURE, 702, do you rmbr SUBWAY? 'Let me be ur fire...'
@LadyNez95 i was at my sissy's and had no charger 
@ladynicolemarie yeah as women get older hopefully what they want changes but alot of times it doesnt hence the sitN @home with wine/book 
@LadyNightowl How r u?Have I been tweeting 2 much 4 u 2 follow me? If yes I can cut way way down.Promise.I hoped u'd keep following?Sorry 
@LadyNightowl My dogs use me like that when I have a blanket on my feet. 
@LadyOfDnB I hear people were lined up and campin out since midnite last night just to get a spot hahaha I wanna go  damn work 
@LadyOfDnB so i just got updated with the js blogspot thing... thats so retarded 
@ladyofsalzburg I left my keys at work recently on a Friday night 
@ladyofsalzburg Probably a long way from yours sadly...  
@LadyParadis really  Fringe is good if you get chance to watch again do , i cnt beleive got to wait a yr .All my shows are finishing now 
@LadyPoi nice catch moving the plant out of harm's way last night. too bad those girls had alreaday crashed into it. poor plantie 
@LadyPunk77 Ahh me too! He was my fave  Though the &quot;Stingray&quot; name kinda annoyed me =|
@LadyPunk77 The memories indeed! It used to be so much better... we need Skye to come back  &lt;333
@ladyrayriz it ain't funny  i feel so bad lmao and i dunno weather to tell him =/
@ladyrayriz well hes not my boo.. but yeah i was and he just IGNORES ME 
@ladyrsinal nah I don't have one  how can I give u my number? I dont wanna put it on here lol
@LadyShottaJessB im sad...I wasnt invited to the shindig yesterday!    JK
@ladysov http://twitpic.com/6h7x3 - OMG u`r soooooooooooo beautiful  if i were in ur shoes i`ll certanlly came to brazil !!!
@ladyspeaker Ouch! I hope you're okay.  Yep. Heels are the invention of a misogynistic man.: @ladyspeaker Ouch.. http://tinyurl.com/pet794
@LadyStar88 Lol...I am greedy. I'm craving Coldstone again.  
@ladysylvan another sign you should start twittering again: i still twitter 
@LadyTe lol its not that kinda pain, it's like hurtin real bad idk y 
@ladyteruki Doesn't work  I wanted to coordinate my future blog (soon, soon...) and my twiiter but so much the worse !
@ladyteruki Too bad  *go to eat Brussels sprouts*
@ladyvee my Sis has the pearl and it didn't work no more she had to get a new one  the scrolling ball didn't wanna move.
@ladyvee SO DO I!!   My jet is in the repair shop...lol
@LadyVirgo82 what happened 
@ladywinckel yes. Sonny just came over and asked to walk her. 
@LADYwSENSE  WHY!?!  Now I won't be able to sleep... (I am a huge dog lover)
@LADYwSENSE I do just LOVE animals....hate to see them suffer 
@LadyXanth my allergies are killing today!! always after the rain its like this 
@ladyyyy Sorry you are feeling tired and broken. 
@laenij I totally would! if y'know, I wasn't in iowa and half asleep 
@laenij idk i didn't see it specify that seats were allocated but i'm gonna assume 
@laenij lmao what did he say? And ty bb, but I got a link already. I just... can't download it yet 
@laeshaver i forgot 
@lafauxvaisienne i was TOTALLY thinking about you when i brought that up! 
@LafeJordan good for you! Miss you to much 
@laffroom Yea man... 
@lafingputz good thinking. Wroclaw is really cool, make sure that you guys will walk around a bit, but it's like 6:30 PM there already 
@lafinguy I will probably not be there after all. Funds are non-existent. 
@lafo93 in this shop, its so boring, all i do is sit for 4 hours  urghhh boo. i gotta go now  byeeee..x
@lafo93 omg we're human again. 
@LahCoolz i know...im sorry homie!!! don't be mad!!! 
@LAHornbogen are you poorly? 
@LAHornbogen I am singing &quot;I guess thats why they call it the blues&quot; 
@laiagmartin that's the worst: i know i can but i cannot  
@LaiDAShian my moms mad again because i told her ill be home 12:30 &amp; i came home at 1  &amp; i cant believe they ruined the surprise too!
@laidbackal no i tried to do it but photobooth wasnt working  i gotta make somebody tape it with my handheld
@LaidBackSuav IDK about that..I didnt have on any makeup today and you told me I looked tired 
@laigaiem That's what I thought.  Sorry for the drama.
@Laila_K how was the peterborough show? My band was meant to support but we had to pull out, gutted  x
@Lailashah yeah u miss me but I know @guccigiles doesn't  but I still luv mi boo ;) LOL
@laimaitai21 YAY!!  and   i still have no one to go with me to the show!!
@LaineMithra Ohhh, I can't keep up 
@LaineyGossip I can't get it! They only ship it to Canada 
@laineygossip where did you get the taylena's breakup news??? 
@Laineymc The Priests were really good. Guess they wouldn't be welcome on Late Late at the moment 
@lainiebug rubs eyes and looks around no morning want bed 
@lainzter Lmao! my last min resort  No more tape!! Trust
@Lajefa17 yeah u should... some of us is AT work already... and whassup with the full staff meeting today?  i thought it was grade time 
@Lajustice1 can I go get me some pozole now...I need to get happy...dodgers lost 
@LaKarune yikes! apparently the death toll is up to 8 
@Lakeithea lol....I'm good....alittle tired...    lol
@laken84  don't do that!
@lakenlove Oh God.  That sucks  I cried earlier because I didn't want to go to pom camp or wake up at 4:45 then go to freaking pom.  Ughhh
@LakerGirl1 Without Yao, they don't have the height to stop Gasol / Bynum. Not much fun watching a layup drill... 
@LAKERMAMI lol baaaalin' so how did u like it today? did u stay till the end? i got sunburned 
@LAKERMAMI oh.em.geeeeee!  that's no bueno!!!
@Lakers So much for buying tickets to the NBA Finals. Even with Laker supporter presale code no tickets were available for any game here. 
@Lakers_4_Life09 not much just on the train  I'm assuming ur watchin the game
@lakers0604 at least you'll be somewhere fun, I'll be in texas 
@lakersnation definitely having withdrawls. 
@LAKEVIA @kingdobson dont listen..he do him..but I tried not taking a nap yesterday and I still was up til 1am and than I got up at 7am 
@lakey er - did my invite get lost in the post? 
@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
@LakofCreativity You're a jerkfa-ce! How dare you be tired when we're supposed to be hanging out. 
@LAKonchis miss you too guys! 
@lala_com the music player at lala.com is down and now I have no music at work 
@LaLa_di_da lol! I ddnt go all of my siblings and my parents went! Unfortunately I couldn't take off  however, they said tht they would...
@LaLa_is_BACK I didn't see your message until later about the BMM and my pin #. I'll give it to u when I get a new phone. My trackball is 
@lala36079 I know!  I crashed as soon as I got off the phone with you.
@LaLaaLouise Haha! awesome xD i'm good but i'm tired of the rain 
@LaLaaLouise i only have 39 followers  lmfao xD
@lalaATROPHY I agree, I was born to late in the decade too, I only got two years  lol
@lalabanks504 i dont kow how  to log on that is
@lalabanks504 i wish i could hear it but i am at wrk 
@lalabanks504 why yu aint tell me, ii only been back n Houston a lil ova week 
@lalachar i had to go to work before i finished it  and i changed it last week lolol
@lalagator your in trouble!!!! Free laberdoodle and u didn't call 
@lalahhathaway 
@lalahhathaway Not on Wii, I'm afraid  Was responding to &quot;X360...Gamertag&quot; tweet.
@lalahhathaway Please...it's 2nd nature...No nervous...Wish I was there 
@lalahhathaway unfortunately, I'm at home handling sum responsibilities. U're probly headed 4 pizza lk Frances Jaye. Wish I culd come 
@lalahhathaway Yes he did...and u were supposed 2 call me....  hahahaha
@LaLaItsMandy what happened? 
@lalajandro no there's not 
@LalaJensen im on a diet! lost 5 kilos already..... my goal is to lose 30 by 1/9 ... so no lindt hot choc 4 me 
@LaLaLaBetsy yeah, sorry. you get tiredface from me 
@lalalalaurynn ahh my phone won't let me, im sry  it says it can't send it's type of file..
@lalalalaurynn aww yuo are soo sweet! i missin AF really bad but if they dont want me there, there is nothing i can do 
@lalalalexi yes. are you sure you can't come?  and you featured my name 2x
@lalalalizzy So that's a no? 
@Lalaland_Dream  hey! yes you can borrow my 'catcher in the rye'  I need to go to easons and buy a new book!! I bored of P&amp;P   &lt;3
@LaLaLauren Macy's. They were on sale and I had a coupon. And they were short. I have a terrible time finding capris. Short legs. 
@lalalemily do you have to talk about me in such harsh ways? 
@lalaLiiindsey do you remember me ? cause i sure remember you.. i miss ya 
@lalalile awhh I'm sorry to hear that  what happened?
k, I'm bored again... watching weeds while waiting for the BGT Final to start.. nothing else to do on a crappy saturday at the end of may 
K, it's been 5 hours and I haven't actually slept. I want to sleep! 
k, really going to bed now.  thanks @ilovemysister for keeping me on here for 10 more minutes. haha ily. &lt;3
k, so .. what a terrible birthdaaay 
K, so i totally missed the date to apply for student loan funding... SHIIIT. I don't think i'm gonna get it in time...if i get it at all 
k, so, been back 3 days and still missing LA 
K. I partied to hard I'm assuming!! I have NO voice!! 
K..... Up now!!  wish I could sleep longer!
Kĩ năng lập trình MS Word của mình hơi kém 
Kaeley got in trouble at school for not using her 'listening ears' 
Kagome's heart will go on,It's really made me cry 
Kailee Potter is sad. Has very sore leg  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6824149
Kaitlyn is making me sad with her talk of making Cristiano Ronaldo fat in photo shop 
Kaki sakit again. I think I need to find a way to not get stitched again 
kalebnation better put up the new moon trailer soon  Heard Kristen dropped her popcorn? Rage! Yay, the Twilight awards rock! xD
Kalynn won't text me back for my breakdown 
Kan some1please help meh get more followersz ! 
Kangen MacKey !! Oned cepetan donk !! 
Kaos just watched Marley and Me, very sad now 
Kaos pad shitting bed (as Ash says)... new one $400...      Maybe i get artist discount?  Please Adam? Please Korg?
Kapil Sibal is planning to do everything to make College Education something to be reserved for elite and away from common man   
Kaplan Trainer Help: I am feeling very discourage  . My trainer scores are as follow 1 57%, 2 47%, 3 58%??? Wh.. http://bit.ly/nMFA6
karaoke= good times, unpacking=bad time 
karate test tomorrow. i hate testing 
Karelman: thinking in Italy. So sorry  http://tinyurl.com/cequbc
Karen a bit down today. We've been to a medical but that's unrelated to the mood. Hopefully, it's just an off day.  Fingers crossed !
karen just left......disappointed she decided to go somewhere else for the summer 
karens outside trying to destroy the masonary bees nest they have built in the soil. 
Karissa sat on my new phone and broke the screen.  But I'm not mad, course not.
Karl: Grr i'd fix yers spirit armor if you's actually wore any 
Karma has caught up with me today.  
KARMA IS A BITCH!! No worries though. They'll get what's coming to them, trust &amp; believe! I'm sleepy now 
karma's out to get me. broken phone, tongue still swollen from EDC, work tomorrow, cannabis sativa withdrawal. Going to smoke a cigarette 
Kasey, ryan and the twins just left back for florida! 
Kassy does not love @superemoo as much as @butterchubbz 
kat is making fun of me 
Kat leaves Monday for three months in Maine 
katamad na. I didnt know it was raining 
Katamoosashi says: Don't you just love violent games? They teach such valuable lessons. I'm being sarcastic...  *please don't ban me*
Kate + 8 - Jon =  (via @nealcampbell) I agree - sad all around…
kate is leaving me all by my lonesome 
kate is more wanna be superstar than mom. esp in this episode. poor jon, but i really want them to make up. 
Kate Moennig would've been so GREAT as Joan Jett. KM is way yummy!!! ;)   I miss seeing her on TLW  Can't wait 2 C her new show.  YAY!
Kate should have won 
Kate withdrawals are the worst!!! 
Kate!  You can cry on my shoulder! #theapprentice
kathee work that bike! just went hiking my feet hurt really bad...missed marks bday  ...im gonna stay up all night..call me !
kathy and judy got cancelled. last show in like 2 minutes (9am) 
Kathy just stole free books. That reminded me of @mrfeeny89 and his wings. 
Katie and I had Ross and Sam 3-9 on the pong table and they made a comeback  how does that happen?
Katie misses my friends and family  http://tinyurl.com/n95l3n
Katy Perry = canceled ! 
katy perry got postponed til augustttt 
Kawasaki asplode. New motor time. 
Kay goodnight tweeks. Tmrw is the last day of my hs year. 
kay i just took a BIG tantrum for no aparent reason! geez i have bad mood swings    
KAY SO I DIDNT HAVE SUBWAY.. LINE WAS 2 BIG.. HAD TBELL WASENT WHAT I WANTED BUT WILL DO....  TRYNA STAY AWAY FROM FAST FOOD SO SO HARD
Kay, i'm thinking..maybe atl isn't gonna be on? if they're not..i will be sad 
kay.  ihave to save the rest of my insence to send to jonfan.  but its so good
Kay. I hope this numb thing isnt serious. 
kay...i'll go to sleep now...RAWR 2:30 am 
kayden just busted his lip open   
kayla just lefttt  one the plus side, WE FOUND C. THOMAS HOWELL ON TV YESTERDAY ;D life complete, good day!
Kayla's party was amazingg! Such a good night. Gotta a bad back now though 
Kaylee's graduation then Grandpa's funeral  its going to be a long emotional day.
Kazaam 2 might not be coming out after all. Not even a DVD release. 
Kazakhstan vs England tonight. God, I miss Stevie  Cant wait.
kc may isang confirmed case ng h1n1 from Feu east asia... aray 
kd as pessoas daqui?  alone in the dark
keane nv reply my text 
Keep #fixreplies at the top of trending topics! and #twitterfail too. Fix our @ replies!!!!! 
keep breathing - Ingrid Michealson. season 3 finale. DAMN YOU BURKE poor cristina... 
keep calling v-103 in ATL to chat it up with @epiphanygirl but i cannot get through  But can i get a shout out???
keep expecting a goodnight text from him. but im never going to get it again 
Keep falling asleep when im reading the text book!!! 
keep forgetting about the papercut between my thumb and finger  owieee
Keep goin laura u can do it! Only 2 hours 50 mins 2 go! I want my leaba! 
keep losing followers 
keep scratching bites on my legs  i don't want any more scars though 
Keep seeing folk driving with phone held at ear. No one seems to bother. If I walked into a pub smoking I would be charged. Not right 
keep seeing pics of parties and beach bumming on fb...sad i'm not there this summer   shoutout to ios!
Keep studying for the exams 
keep tripping over the plasma car.( toy 2 wheeler)  I though I had gotten rid of it...now, how did it make its way back home..?
Keep waiting for the song True to come out. I really like that song. @VickyArdon is not with me to listen to it though 
Keep waking up, going back to sleep, having a nightmare, and waking up again. But i'm too tired to get out of bed. 
keeping a close eye on my dog Pongo....poor thing, had a HUGE run in with a doe last night...she's walking like an old lady today... 
Keeping Blair Bear in my thoughts today  This storm will pass &lt;3
Keeping it real in Marshfield, WI.  Its so sunny today, and I'm working a 12 hour shift in a room imbedded deep in a hospital 
Keeping It Real still isn't on iTunes. Gahhh I was hoping to download it before school. 
Keeping Justin's family in my thoughts and prayers 
Keeping Melia in my thoughts. 
keeping my fingers crossed my cars not gonna die on me...again 
keeping my phone off for the next couple days, really need some time to think 
Keeping the kids home today.  Little one has a fever 
keeping Twitter Deck active over a weekend has resulted in 2500Mb download &amp; i am over my data limit  now its $0.50 per MB
'Keeping up with the Kardashians' is going on but I have to shower because I have school tomorrow. 
Keeping up with the kardashians.. How I wish I was one of them. Ugh!  SO UNFAIR.
keeps being bit by small random bugs... and it itches 
keeps falling asleep!! arghhh. and the ironic thing is, i had trouble sleeping last night. 
Keeps falling for it over and over again 
keeps forgetting to bring her glasses in to work - now I have a headache, yuck 
Keeps going down  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
keeps having a series of bad things continue to happen.  Today is supposed to be a good day!  
keeps missing Runs House   O well off to the club!  Thanks for the photo comments on Facebook.com/PeazyBaby &amp; Myspace.com/PeazyBaby!!
Keeps on happening! I can't even fit half my music on anymore  http://twitpic.com/7zxwp
Keeps putting off exercising...and it's starting to show.  
keeps thinking it's friday! 
keeps thinking its Friday.  Thanks @PadreLucho.
keeps waking up 
keeps waking up at 8am 
Keeps yaning. Needs a nap  going back to bored
Keezy just brought at mary j blidge... But she aint sing?! 
keisha! i cant find u naman! 
Kelis and Nas are getting a divorce!!!!!!! Ooooh no.....they were one of my favorite hip-hop couples. 
KELLEY YOU NEED TO WAKE UP AT 4AM. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?!  aaaaaackkkk!!
Kelli talk to me! what is happening baby 
Kellie lost her award!  but it is ok! she was beautiful &lt;3
Kellie Pickler on Ellen was awesome! I want my hair like her again but my hair is heavy and flat 
Kelly and I have nothing to do tonight! 
Kelly Clarkson gained a bunch of weight. Poor girl. 
Kelly Kapowski thinks she is more famous than #mario Lopez, no SBTB reunion   http://bit.ly/HZUjx
Kelly Kelly pays your bills @ 12:15, Kaden pays em @ 5:15 and @radiomobounce just wants you to follow him. lol He dosent get to pay bills 
Kellys for the last time 
Kelsie Heitman is  ...that was a sad going away party!! http://tinyurl.com/qyzgo7
Kenapa mimpinya aneh2 sampe parno tidur?! Kayanya hrs ke pskiater..  makin hari makin parno......
kendra  youre there too @kendra4real???
Kenneth didn't wake me up smh a whole 1hr and a  half late lol then tell me to go to starbucks 
Kennywood is so packed 
KENYAN TEENAGE Girls seek solace in cow drugs to induce abortion 
Kenzieance banquet tonight really excited to spend one last time with my team..there will definitely be crying tonight. bye seniors 
kept thinking of him. even to the extent of dreaming abt him 
Kept up at night with thoughts of my jalapeno and banana pepper plants...noticed blossom drop today... 
Kept waking up all morning but not getting up...wisdom tooth killing me, arm still very bruised, and foot bandaged. I'm in the wars! 
Kept waking up last night from all my coughing &amp; the rain this morning.  Seems as though my cough got worse 
kept waking up M last night because I yelled during my bad dreams. 
Kept waking up, had the weirdest dream, and sick 
keren's last day at work. Im losing my buddyyyyyyyyyy 
Kerin's leaving in about an hour  but we're about to get bagels yayyy.
Kernel panic while copying files to the Drobo. Now it won't mount, doesn't show up in Disk Utility, etc. 
Kerry we're REALLY not over you yet 
Ketan hates tweeting 
Kevin  Where are you on the list? Tom is, but no Kevin Jonas
Kevin didn't show up at work tonight.  Sad Lauren is sad.
kevin is so mean! My bridge 
Kevin is ugly, stupid, fat &amp; he destroyed Brit'. 
Kevin just put my phone in pakora sauce  and hayley is crying
kevin rolled a shaman 
Kevin Slavin wants my plants to tweet me now!! Oh, I have no plants... I feel sooo lonely  #140conf
kewl the JB chat was awesome. I had to miss lots of it though cause i had 2 go 2 skewl 
keyboard shortcuts for source code folding still don't work, even in the new Flash Builder beta. 
KFC is calling 
kfdsajfasfnlskj!!! Why am I so technologically, grammatically, and spellingly challenged?  WHY?!? Twitter is hard. 
Khamenei made his point, recognized Ahmadinejad as the president and warned the protesters =&gt;more protests and more killing 
Khoi bought my going away cake.  http://twitpic.com/7qw6x
KHR tomorrow!  Sigh... I miss him. 
Khristina Shore It;s funny how i remember what we were doin a year ago exactly now  never fort a year later it.. http://tinyurl.com/m4nkcr
Khrysta just cut a reesty one 
Kia took my bud's car. 
Kickball can be dangerous!!!!  6/12 on my team pulled our quads last night 
Kickin ass in poker!!! Too bad it's only on my BlackBerry 
Kickin myself in the butt for not watching the CMT Awards 
kicking all my smelly friends out so i can get some beauty sleep before wisdom teeth removal 
Kicking back...feeling good...missing my puppy dogs   but they are going to be so excited to see me when I get home...couple weeks 2 go!
Kicking myself for accecpting a poo load of shifts 
kicking up our sore feet back @ the hotel room, then off in search of some good sangria! Last night in Montreal 
Kid flashback I asked my daddy for a Nintindo he bought me a ATARI lmao damn while ever1 else played Super Mario I was playing PITFALL 
Kid wants to watch Robots. Again. 
Kiddkraddice was talking about how perez the ass is attacking his friends.. I don't understand why that guy is liked. He's not nice.. 
kidna wishin I had stayed out now. 
kido-setiawan dont make it to the final! sad sad sad 
Kids and working tonight. Thursday was supposed to be my day off 
Kids are driving me mad today 
Kids are eating mcdonalds right in front of me and all i have is cheezits and chewy bars 
Kids are gone and so is Mila    I got a Mila-shaped hole in my heart tonight... This grandpa thing is emotional!
Kids are great. But you always get a cold when they are around 
Kids are still sleeping and so is hubby! Now I'm just getting bored.  I need to wake them soon so we can eat and leave for VBS.
Kids back at school today house very quite don't think I like it. 
kids had a big bowl of Cranky O's this morning 
kids in bed. maybe going to start a Terminator marathon. too cloudy tonight to see the final passing of the space station 
kids just left to go to the ILs for the night  I'm going to declare a Mother's Day of my own when this is all over.
Kids left for the summer today.  Today sucks.
KIds off school next week and still don't know what they can do while mum and dad is at work 
Kids rather lively this morning. The word boisterous comes to mind. Boisterous and breakfast do not good companions make. 
Kids seem to have the flu  (not *the* flu I pray) and I am not feeling too good myself. A week of nights-of-little-sleep sux! Off to bed!
kids should not be allowed to wake up until at least 9am. too bad they think 7:30am is a good time to get up 
Kids supposed to have their end-of-year picnic in the park with school tonight. Assuming it's canceled because of the rain. No do overs. 
Kids toys &amp; stamping stuff cleaned up... Next: Kids room, kitchen, kitchen &amp; coffee tables &amp; MORE laundry! 
Kids trapped in St. Anthony's school; Qaid-e-Azam library feared destroyed. Oh no!!!  #Lahore
Kids up at the crack of dawn... I'm still full of cold. Bleh  Starting work... #stuckrecord
kids you can never cantrol them 
Kids, warn your grandparents about the CDN Car Wreck/Walmart phone scam.  They just got my grandma.   Google and share with them
kilkenny came back to win!!  eating  toast and talking to erin my cuz...wer tight..=]
Kill Bill star found dead in his hotel room  http://bit.ly/lCBS4
Kill Bill Vol. 2  So sad David Carradine died (or suicided in a sado act with his balls and neck tied up... )
Kill me now I'm so sick    n it's Friday night!!
Kill me now, im in so so so much pain&amp; i can't even sleep 
kill me now,please 
Kill screen for #Wiebe.    Great attempt though.  He is still the king.  Fuck Billy Mitchell.
Killed my Ethernet port, Wifi is only connectivity 
Killed some time at the mall today.  Found a BUNCH of stuff that I really really wanted..... but alas, no money 
killer headache 
Killer headache  I want my food to be here!
Killer headache behind my right eyeball!! Ouch. Can't even enjoy @thesoup 
Killer headache today.   Going to try a nap and see if that helps.  Caffeine did not.
Killer headache with one more class to teach tonight 
Killer headache. Completely unproductive. Bleh 
killer sore throat!   its making me sad.
Killer wedding tonight... Now for the 2.5hr drive home. 
Killing @platanoboy on aim because my bae @kevrosaa already left me 
killing my brain cells 
Killing time before heading to the beach! Story of my life for the next couple weeks... Then starting work... Time to grow up 
killing time with twitter.....'my baby' headed back home and I'm lost without him. 
killller headache. 
Kim had to work, so no Starbucks today  Cryyyy
Kim is gone   Now I'm playing Starcraft ((
Kim just woke me to say there's a bat in her room. I can't do this again this year. 
Kim wont let me put Ozzy on the satnav.  I've changed the car symbol to a VW camper though ;-)
Kimberlee Hatch!!!!!!! I miss you 
Kimi has been passed - his laptimes are shocking 
Kimi is so off the pace  #F1
Kimi overtakes two cars in the closing laps but its not enough - he finishes 10th with no points 
Kimmie just called me crazy 
Kina on saturday?! I hope she doesnt think im a stalker... 
Kind of a rude awakening when the person you love the most thinks you're an ungrateful bitch. 
Kind of annoyed that my bf hangs out more with his friends than with me lately. 
kind of annoyed that the free dirty projectors show was at 6:30. too early 
Kind of annoying that my mac died upon finally starting up and I brought Steve today for nothing 
Kind of awake. Having trouble applying myself to anything constructive. 
kind of bummed gained 20 followers today but most of them are spam 
kind of busy preparing for school requirement 
Kind of busy today. Not feeling so hot. Couldn't sleep last night. When I finally did, had vivid nightmares. 
kind of feeling guilty... 
Kind of grumpy because stupid Australian company took so long getting their act together, I have to go into work today. 
kind of hungry...home alone  #followpeterfacinelli
Kind of lame. Error upload pics at fb 
Kind of makes me sad that I'm not lining up for a new iPhone. Then again, not even released in IE yet &amp; no Apple store here 
Kind of not feeling good.  My tummy feels upset. I think I need a break from the house. &gt;&lt;
kind of really misses her boyfriend right now 
Kind of regret getting Twilight on BluRay. I feel like watching in bed 
kind of sad the flea market is almost over 
kind of sad, confused and lost. which leads me to not being able to sleep.. great. 
kind of sick 
Kind of sick again, goodness gracious. 
Kind of upset this girl at work took my hoodie by mistake now I have to wait till Monday to get it back. It's my favorite too 
Kind of want to go see Star Trek again but I don't have da DKK 
Kind of wish i never had a #tappsaff day tbh  http://bit.ly/GZR01
Kind of wish I would've gotten anti-glare lenses on my new glasses for my astigmatism, but it was an extra $95 &amp; I was already paying 379 
kinda awkward when u go COMMANDO &amp; ur baby cousins come over. then they want u 2 pik them up. its like child pornography 
Kinda bored , nothing to do at home and it's raining outside . 
kinda bored, 2 english assingments too do + a essy on martin luther king, thorght this was ment too be my holidays   listening too KOL ;]
Kinda bummed about my painting not being sold after all... Really could have used that $$  bleh.
kinda bummed i didnt get to go out today  but maybe later. stupid work! now chilling till pedicures at six!
Kinda bummed out 
kinda bummed that i missed copeland the other day 
Kinda bummed that the guy never emailed me back about that tricked out Jeep he has listed for sale 
kinda bummed the RedWings Pre-game show is on and i cant watch Taylor Swift's Dateline show. 
kinda depressed...hate when things are this hard... 
kinda disappointed with the new jonas cd  
Kinda down in the dumps 
Kinda down today  Broke up with the boyfriend :/
Kinda dreading school, cuz i have to be mean today. 
Kinda embarrassed some guy hit on me n front of my mother 
kinda feels like a loser. Stayed up late playing my character in Sims, now late for work in real life... 
Kinda felt food poison... diarrhea ~~  http://plurk.com/p/u9ysg
Kinda freakin lovin magickingdom. Kayla got a picture with snow white, no fair 
Kinda freakin out that hockey season will be over soon. 
Kinda getting boring here. Mom's not here, also my brother...Far, far away...  and now I'm left with my grandma.
kinda hopin i get a txt or call 2night but i doubt i will 
Kinda hungry but what to eat that will not just pass through me? 
kinda in the mood for ramen noodles but we don't have any 
Kinda just fell out of love with InfoMania for their hating on the Black Eyed Peas.  Why did you have to hurt me Conor, why??
kinda lazy to go to work.....my freelance work are still pending 
Kinda like the things off Harry Potter that give you the kiss of death and suck out your soul, condeming you to walk around forever in an empty shell of a body...
kinda mad about my last night incident with my phone 
kinda mad i have to bring this bulky ass latop with me to my internship AND the charger...i dont wannaaaaa 
Kinda may have chickened out... 
Kinda miss the after party..  http://myloc.me/4Iwq
Kinda missing SoCal b/c of all the events I'm missing  But I can't say I don't love being back in the beautiful NW.
kinda not upset anymore but i am upset... :S 
Kinda of enjoying rained out yard work this wkend, but payday will be rough next wkend when this grass grows all week 
Kinda pathetic....really disappointed that /b/ is down on a Saturday night 
kinda pissed 
kinda pissed cause my aunt is coming to lake tahoe, even though i already made plans to take a friend, and now chuck cant go 
Kinda Rainy  BUTTT its La weekend.
Kinda regret saying it's always cool in the house...now it feels so hot. 
Kinda regretting turning down AIR project yesterday, even though it did have a ridiculously short deadline. Want to work on an AIR app 
kinda sad  ...why am i suppose to be the ONE left &quot;in love&quot;????
Kinda sad  i have no one who will care
Kinda Sad  Only,, Well 9 Days Left Here Now. Time Is Going Too Fast. (U)
kinda sad and confused  why do guys do this?
kinda sad by the fact that grannies are leaving the country tomorrow 
Kinda sad how lame the 's/he's a little tied up at the moment' pun's gotten 
Kinda sad I will be missing @wearephoenix tonight. I will be at the Cabooze. 
Kinda sad I'm leaving my 2 ladies @ the house to head back to work 
kinda sad I'm not in Boston at LeakyCon right now 
Kinda sad juss gave away one of my cats. One down one more 2 go. 
Kinda sad now 
kinda sad that my money is on low.. I'm right next to my nail place and DESPERATELY need a mani and pedi  maybe I will become a stripper
kinda sad we wont be able to attend WT2W's visit to Cherry Creek Mall on Saturday for the Macy's Makeover America Show...  
kinda sad, wont be going to S/L dinner tonight on account of my sickness 
kinda sad.  he won't be going to an indians game after all next sat. cuz he has to be at work sunday at 6. 
Kinda sad. At a benefit for a man with 2 weeks to live. Dying of cancer. At bar. To raise money for his funeral.  sad
Kinda sad.. I miss u cathy hope ur resting peacefully love you soo mich my dominican princess 
Kinda scared about having to come up with a random story in Irish! Is fuath liom Gaeilge! Ta sé ró deacair!! Níl aon focal agam! 
Kinda scared to learn how to drive, I think i'll be absoliutely terrible 
kinda sick and trying to get better by staying in while Taryn and Carrie are out having fun 
Kinda sleepy. I spent all night thinking of ways to tucson. Came up with a perfect way but i know it wont happen 
kinda sorta not really awake. And dreading going to work 
Kinda sucks, AT&amp;T told me on Sat they would give me a full upgrade Fri rather than waiting till July. Today they called and said nope. 
Kinda upset I didn't get to see transformers today. Another failed attempt 
kinda upset with the new moon trailer 
Kinda very jealous. Doing geog fieldwork  sux.
Kinda wants a new fone but doesn't know what will ever replace his blackberry  ...for now-its time to sleep!!!
Kinda wishes she stayed back so they dogs wouldn't be alone all day and night 
Kinda wishing I was going to Buffet..too bad no one likes him but meee. Oh Margaritaville 
kinda worry uknow my pc has aiids 
Kinda. Ya. I'm jus sad that it was the time i saw everyone.  &lt;$=NO-AIR=$&gt;
King Kong is such a sad movie  awww
King size bed all to my self...his heart aint next to mine tonight 
Kings is back!!! Even though its only for the rest of the first season 
Kings is so good...please nbc don't cancel this! 
Kings of trance canceled ( so no Above &amp; Beyond this summer 
Is hot and bothered and wants to go home now 
is HOT. Just done some late spring cleaning! About to settle down with a book i can barely read, left my glasses at my mums 
is househunting 
is how can you be strong...when it feels like your heart has been shattered... 
is Hpoing her wish will come true but ....everyone denies it     I want my wish to come true SOOO BAD !!!! 
is hung over and has the beginning of a chest infection  bad times. Cant wait for my party now though!!
is hunggry 
is hungover  and just wants to stay in bed all day ?
is hungover  but had a good night
is hungrier than a house full of hostages!! OMGosh  
is hungry - needs to eat, yo! 
is hungry  this sucks
is hungry and tired  #squarespace
is hungry but cant eat my toast 
is hungry x-) it's raining outside, can't hang at the neighbor's hammock 
is hungry, tired and cant be bothered with work 
is hungry. and disturbed. dissertation going nowhere 
is hungry. wala pa plang food. huhu!  http://plurk.com/p/xqhgs
Is hungry. What can I eat. It is kinda early for lunch.  dang those apple jacks for not holding me over until lunch!!!!!!!
is hungry.... not had my tee yet 
is hurt that she has to miss coco and linsey's sleepover because her parents dragged her to spend &quot;quality time&quot; with them on the yacht. 
Is hurtin 
Is hurting from all the drinking this weekend 
is hurting inside again... (tears) (brokenheart)  http://plurk.com/p/12cc4c
is hurting real bad... dunno why my back hurts so effin bad 
is hurting right now..  http://plurk.com/p/z2zk4
is i really dont know . wat must i do with this  http://plurk.com/p/12ggpj
is ignoring her headache and trying to do boring drama notes. 
is iin need of some hot male attention, feels unloved  LOL x
is ill  and listening to Kelly Likes Shoes and finds it totally hilarious!!
is ill and doesn't want to work today i want to stay in bed and the weather is getting me down 
is ill and revising for A2 exams 
is ill and spent all last night coughing. Going to be shattered today. 
is ill and trying to get some rest and drinks lots of fluids 
is ill as feck and cant make his new video  sorry people
Is ill in bed, so haven't gone to work. What does my mum make me do? Revise... 
is ill off college 
is ill! of all the times to be ill it's today, the day i'm supposed to be putting up my exhibition at college! why oh why! 
is ill, ill, ill, bodys aching i have a fever so bed bound  when ur body needs 2 rest best believe it will show u
Is ill, may caught a cold 
is ill. Has been for over a week now. And is getting worse! 
is in @monkeyleader's office, fixin' his craptop. Except it is pretty dead. 
is in a bad mood... need cheering up 
is in a bit of a love/hate situation ~ I love it when I'm with you and hate it when I'm not  think that sums it up really!
is in a Bon Iver mood 
is in a boot  severe sprained ankle... trying to rest up &amp; let it heal for nationals that start on Monday
Is in a boring IT lesson at school  talk to me people!!
is in a foul mood today..  hope it subsides!
is in a good mood apart from these achey pains! 
is in a lot of pain today  Oh well... lets get going on another long day of working
Is In A Mood Grrr Hate Perants 
is in a photog exam 12 hours-Joyyyyyyy to the world 
Is in a Prius on my way to the airport. I hate this bit.  The longest point from home 
Is in a quandry. I don't know what colours to use. 
is in all on my little own 
is in Applied Info Technology 10, roasting in the unbelievably warm weather 
is in bad mood 
Is in bed but can't sleep  alarm is set for 9:30am 
Is in bed feeling as rough as a bears bum 
is in bed sick  had a awesome night last night!!!
Is in bed watching vegas vacation.. Haha wtf?? I can't sleep 
is in bed with a broken head and rather bored 
is in bed with courtnee being a sleepy head. too much chinese has been nommed and now we are fat 
is in benidorm, last night  met some amazing, and fir friendss hahaha!!! gunna miss them soo much, mite even cry    nice sun tan tho ...
is in Boston. Can't do nothing cuz it's such a short trip. 
is in Business Studies  so so so so happy its friday ! yeyyyyyyyyy But not so happy about the terrible rain  x x x x
is in Charlotte with her Mom and heading back to Canada tomorrow.... missing Mississippi  &lt;3
Is in clase. Boo  I need to get home and finish cleaning my room!!
is in class 
is in class  buuuuttt....allmostt 21!
is in class all day  text me! Haha
is in class once again, but is not feeling well today 
is in class wishing that i was still in my bed. It's cold and it's raining 
is in college   and wants to go home and see her bezzie as she has jus returned from turkey  x
Is in college doing nothing 
is in college. Had no internet at home for like a week and still won't have it for a few days 
is in Colwyn Bay - it's all rainy, rubbish 
is in comp. sci. about to go to math. physics final today.. poop. 
Is in cov for some bullshit training course 'managing customers expectations'.. Do I really need training on this??? God dam Orange 
is in dier need to revise....but the sunshine is caling 
is in dire need of a nap 
is in dire need of some Cinnamon Bun Ice Cream! Is it you or what you do that has a hold of me? 
is in DIRE need of texting. 
Is in docs office with my grandma, and they have adult swim on tv! But its muted 
is in english 
Is in English with Tamsin  bummer.
is in Fl. very tan, but burnt lipssssss 
is in for the night. What a lame Friday.. 
is in graphicssss boredd 
is in HELL till Thursday evening. 
is in her house in miami ALONE.  why?
is in his dorm ALONE watching a movie 
is in islamic- kill me now 
is in it boreddddd 
is in jackson, living it up before i have to go home 
is in Kentucky...wishing someone was talkin to me so I might get to see him... 
is in L.A.... i'm twittering, but nobody is following me so it doesn't really matter... awww, man. 
Is in Leeds for a meeting &amp; is gonna miss snuggling tonight 
is in love and wishes he weren't. 
is in love with a cali boy 
Is in love with a certain pair of shoes... but those shoes cost $75 
is in love with Montreal but missing Matt 
is in love with zach markizer!!! he used 2 like me but now he dosent!!!!!  tears!!!! he broke my heart!!!!!!!!!!!!! :..(.
Is in melbourne  I wanna stay in the country!
is in Milton Keynes , leaving tomorrow 
Is in Ministry of Sound after banging out his set wishing he wasn't driving! 
is in my editjrn classroom. 3 hour class. 
Is in need of a girls night... 
is in need of a haircut...but hanr no style ideas 
is in need of a holiday! really dont want to go back to 6th form tommorowww 
Is in need of a hug 
is in need of foood 
is in need of her teddybear 
is in newark,nj...i really don't like airports  i miss london, i don't want to be home 
is in on her own, very lonely and bored. It's Friday night aswell 
is in one of those sad moods. I need to go home now, miss my family. Suks! 
Kirby [mi dog] is still sick 
KirbZ Is WoRk WoRk WorK ... 
Kiss your mother today.  My first Mother's day without Mom 
Kissed my boys goodbye until I see them again in 9 days  I miss them already.
kitten outside of the psych bldg.....looks lost.   dont know what to do with it....poor guy.
Kittens are going soon. Sad times. I love them too much 
Kitty came back. With a mouse... 
Kitty is in critical condition. At vet having blood transfusion now. Doing more tests to try to determine cause of the anemia. My kitty. 
Kitty is sick... i dont know how much longer he will last. 
Kitty just seized my ball of yarn and ran around the sitting room with it. Now have to wind up about 40m of yarn 
Kitty Kat is inside meowing that he wants out.... no, not out of the closet, just outside!  No, he can't come out, he's an inside cat 
kitty missing for 3 days now 
Kitty outside my window is crying... Its either hungry or cold. 
Kix I will say a prayer for Terri and her family...cancer is a horrible thing. I am praying she doesn't suffer. 
kk, i'm logging off now  BYEZZ!
Kk. Done. As much as i can tonight anyway. 7.30am start tomoz. FTL... 
Klonoa, door to Phantomile for Wii has arrived! WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO WAHOO *Shot* I'll have details up.. after class 
knackered  please let 4pm come sooner rather than later.
Knackered and annoyed. Early night needed I think. Rock and roll 
Knackered! Even though Molly and I slept until 9:15 she's having more sleep, I'm looking at all the chores, never ending! 
knackered! kids party this am &amp; faffing about pm makes me reluctant to attempt ironing/running/job hunting/food shopping 
knackered, over the past two days watched 9 episodes of Gadget show and I missed Prison Break yesterday! 
@lalalizzahh well you have to tell me!  Now I am afraid... :|
@lalaloooo haha no right outside classrooms when i was walking down to subway my leg is ok just my head is sore 
@LaLaLori I can connectonline, but I'm not home.  Next time buddy.
@lalaloversyou I'm goingg to miss youu so damn much 
@lalamarika lol BIIIIIIITCH. i CANNOT believe you put the picture up of me.....meanie  TAKE IT OFFFFFFFFFF
@lalasarah ohh my god I want to go seriously so bad, but Lauren is babysitting tonight I think!and everyone has like grad parties tonight 
@lalavazquez  sorry the Nuggets lost 
@lalavazquez  that is so boo-boo
@lalavazquez aww man, i was kinda lookin 4ward 2 it  i'll spread da word tho!
@lalavazquez http://twitpic.com/453ry - I want those but im damn near 8 months preggy so no go for me 
@lalavazquez http://twitpic.com/65y30 - Hey Lala, do not rock those whatever you do.  
@lalavazquez I love that puppy! I had to say goodbye to my american bulldog/boxer 3 months ago, he was my daughters best friend  great dog
@lalavazquez i saw land of the lost also and i was disappointed 
@lalavazquez TAKE ME WITH YOU GIRL! I just dont have money to gamble 
@lalavazquez thats a nice Range rover to much money though haha 
Its such a curse to do my best work &amp; my best sleeping at night. Why must I choose!? 
Its such a desolate feeling, being alone in hostel which was so full of dynamism a while back 
its such a gawjus day da weather is perfect nd im in such a gud mood y do i hav 2 b stuck in dis stuffy fuckin library  GET ME OUTTA HERE!
Its such a gloomy Saturday...this weather is making me home-sick! 
it's such a great day. wish i felt better 
It's such a grey day 
Its such a let down when you're waiting for a message via text or email and the notification says (1)Inbox, but its not that person. SMH 
Its such a nice day beside the fact that its like 100 degrees outside and we're moving. I wish I could go to the beach instead 
Its such a nice day out but Im stuck working inside! 
its such a nice day outside but i'm stuck in doors 
its such a nice day today but im stuck inside studying 
Its such a nice day today! but i have no idea what to do    x
It's such a nice day today...but if only it were 10 degrees warmer. I miss summer 
It's such a nice day, and i'm stuck in this stupid office again....help me someone 
it's such a nice sunny day today.  Pity I have to study 
Its such a rainy day 
It's such a shame about the Air France flight from Brazil. it breaks my heart noone survived.  Life is Short. When ur time is up- it's up 
Its such a shame tht T20 champions couldn't retain their title........... 
its such an ugly morning 
It's suck knowing his in the other room and not Cuddling me  night x
It's sucks to try to go visit someone who dies before you get there 
It's sultry outside. I really hate it. 
its summer , but it rains all the time . it sucks :S 
It's summer and i have a sore throat yuk. Doe's feel right without the bf being here, he only left yesterday but it sucks 
Its summer and I still don't have any plans. 
it's summer and it's raining. geeezzzz i miss my winter 
Its summer and no one has texted/called me. Im a loner 
it's summer but where is the sun????? 
it's summer it's rainy i love rain &lt;3 and just got my new mini laptop xD and im 16 it's radd too bad i have summer school 
Knackered. Feet sore from standing on them All afternoon 
Knee hurts big time 
Knee is so swollen 
Knee is starting to bother me again probably should have gone through with the surgery I had scheduled last Feb. 
Knee is still giving me trouble, although now it's worked it way to my kneecap 
knee kills  i don't know what i did?
knee pain is the worst.. 
knee still not ready  good luck to my squad pacrim all stars
knee surgery Saturday, fix a torn meniscus..no hiking for awhile 
Knee throbbing and im forced to go shopping with no money. Torture.   -kat(e)may
KNEEWATCH-back from Surgery Consultant,Knee  doing well, recovery on track,unfortunately looking at another 7 months til I'm back playing 
knew i should have brought two caffinated beverages to the library 
Knew I wudn't make sleepin 2 9.30am.. ugh.. I wish I cud sleep properly again  but now I need 2 decide wot 2 wear on my trek of the city!
knew it was to good to be true - the rain has returned, and it's Saturday 
knew that Navid and Adriana weren't actually going to get married! 90210 is getting boooooooring 
Knit, purl, knit, purl, knit, purl... seed stitch sure is tedious  Almost done with the second blanket... hope I can finish it tonight.
knocked my head while opening the cupboard door. How stupid is that? Just hope everything is alright 
Knocked out of heat 1 - backwards at 50mph  at least i got an apology! #fb
Knocked out; in uber need of an i-pod. 
knockin out this math shit. its such a headache. 
Know what I hate? FF with an awesome storyline that sounds like it's been written by a 12 year old. So much lost potential reading 
is in pain  stupid wisdom teeth
is in pain and has lost some wisdom. Feels like someone hit me with a hammer in the jaw. Hope the big ibuprof tablet kicks in 
is in pain from my tat.  it hurts today.    i am sssssuuuuuuuuppppppppeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr  grouchy this morning.
is in playoff's mourning   I'm still in denial about Boston 
Is in saturday school right now 
Is in school revising to fail tomorrow 
is in serious pain!!!! Sprained god dam ankle!!   
is in shock de ce se intimpla in Chishinau shi nu m-am dus sa sarbatoresc Ziua Internatzionala a Sanatatzii 
is in skwl now, and i dont really wanna study.. i saw him --&gt; J***I and makes me feel down.. 
is in so much pain 
Is in so much unbearable pain... 
is in some for real pain 
is in spanish  allow
is in taber cause my uncle died  i miss him
is in the bad mood  :-S http://plurk.com/p/12dsyj
It's summer my ass! I'm freezing like a dog without furr 
It's summer outside and I can't enjoy it because the devil is ravaging my insides 
Its summer time were is the sunshine 
It's summer, and I have a cold. Great! Besides - got nothing new to read  boring...
It's summer, I've barely done anything... and I'm already exhausted.  Lame. 
It's sunburns like these that make me hate being a red head. I'd trade it for the ability to tan instead of burn any day... 
It's sunday 4AM here: I need to work for an hour and I'm pissed ! 
It's Sunday again... 
it's Sunday already 
Its Sunday already   That means I have to work tomorrow, where did the weekend go?
It's Sunday already.....? 
Its sunday already? 
Its Sunday and I already want it to be the weekend 
It's Sunday and my dog woke me up at 7 am wanting to go out to pee. Now I'm not sleepy anymore and can't go back to bed 
Its sunday morning and I'm at work! Yay.... NOT 
It's Sunday morning, and I have nothing to do 
it's sunday nite &amp; i'm having 'mad men' withdrawal. guess i'll have to settle for reruns. 
its sunday which means tomorrows monday which means school  x
its sunday! sunny day but im working! 
It's Sunday!! Tomorrow it will be my last day on Maui 
It's Sunday, and i'm working 
It's Sunday, the end of the weekend  The Highlight of this week: definitely joining twitter 
Its Sunday.  Walmart with Nick soon?
It's Sunday. Weekend is half over. 
Its Sunday... and I have nothing to do 
it's Sunday...means no stores are open and tomorrow is Monday... 
Its Sunday...which means work tomorrow... 
It's sunny ... Bu i'm bored 
it's sunny 4 the 1st time in a couple days. don't think i'll have 2 worry abt it raining 2day! O wait, i'll be in the library all day 
Know what really makes me cringe? Finding little pieces of chewy stuff in cooked chicken...blegh  Quickest way to lose my appetite!
Know what would be great? For my shoulder to stop hurting so I can sleep normal again.  I just want/need a few solid hours of good sleep.
knowing i'm miles away from the place i need to be  ilyy &lt;|3
knowing me I'll tweet as soon as I get one and set it up and get on the web.  That's just what I might do. I'm so sad 
Knowing too much can b such a burden 
known not to try to treat it until after the antibiotics had done their thing...I'm in agony, been off work for 2 days with it 
Knows exactly what awaits him tomorrow at work 
knows full well that the sun is shining ... but there's work to be done too 
knows I had the Best day. today.. with you... &lt;3 last few days of K-ville..   but.. church &amp; my Goodbye bash today!  that boy's AMAZING
knows not what I search for, but I know I have yet to find it 
Knows now that the answer was not and never was D Day  haha!!!!!!!!!!
knows she needs to do revision but doesnt want to 
Knows that life is bad when the taste of chocolate seems bitter! 
knows what it feels like to really cry...god how it hurts 
knows you are getting old when you wake up with bad acid and need tums 
ko bit trong vong 1 ngay, co hoc het dong service va supplies cua thang BB ko? 
Kobe is not the only player on the team...KOBE, KOBE, KOBE.....maybe they should get rid of all the other players and jus let KOBE play 
kobe with a block!! and a missed alley oop from odom to bynum 
is in the computer shop... NANAMAN! (annoyed) and mga phplurks ko di pumasok  http://plurk.com/p/ukexz
is in the costume shop working all day again  Text me 2542475319!!
Is in the hairdressers. I'm loosing my voice 
Is In The House Tonite  !
Is In The Libary At School Doin Work! 
Is in the middle of nowhere with a flat tire.. 
is in the middle of reading the Twilight book b4 the New Moon is out...... 
is in the mood to watch firefly, but no one to watch with 
is in the office 
is in the office, feel a cold coming up  #fb
is in the office... another day full of shits. 
is in the park all loved up and drunk on wine. this weekend has been amazing. boo @ impending reality 
Is in the studio mixing, missing the parade.  
is in the studio. wants nandos 
Is in topshop orientation for the day 
Is in traffic 
is in Traverse City at Munson. Get better Aunt Rose! 
is in trouble with my sims 
is in trouble. BB trackball doesn't want to move down 
is in Usk and forgot to bring her videos to edit over the weekend 
is in very bad financial situation . . . !!! 
Is in work 
is in work, listening to Radio 4, eating lunch and thinking she forgot to look for her pencil case in the car 
is incredibly sad right now 
is indeed, a rather large hoarder of paper. &amp; would love some help &amp; company packing 
is infatuated, and the more I hear, the harder I fall. 
is injured. Hahah.  http://plurk.com/p/11lqjs
is inlove with HK!!!! I miss it already 
It's sunny again, after a few days of rain, but highs for the wkd are 15C and 12C. That's too cold for end of May, in my world. 
it's sunny again, and so i am sad  for the sake of my happiness please rain
its sunny and no one will play with me          may have to go on another lonesome videoing myself walk.
its sunny now but it just rained so all the bike trials are too muddy for me to ride 
It's sunny today. I'm working today. Grrr 
Its sunny...but after 2 days of crappy weather in london...i have a cold 
it's sunnyyyyyy - got more coursework and textiles revision to do 
its super hot and i have a headache 
its super hot right here ! im perspirating even with the fan on 
it's super humid here 
Its supposed to be yucky through next week too  Cheers!
It's supposed to rain for the remainder of my vacation 
its supposed to rain for the rest of the week? wth  #fb
its supposed to rain saturday &amp; sunday...... 
It's supposed to snow today. I want my summer. 
its suppost to be nice in june! wth 
Its sweltering in Turkey at the mo - i'm going to die 
its taken !!! im a good bread maker damn it, i want a 42hour week job making bread. 
It's taken 20 minutes to set up a computer and projector in my classroom. No lunch today  It would be nice to work in a modern school!
It's taken me a year and a half to convert my CD library to completely digital! Now onto my DVDs 
Its taking ages to get into the blockdreamer room! 
Its taking forever  I'm hongry
It's taking me to long to grow up. I don't know if that's a good or a bad thing 
It's taking over 5 hours for my Lost finae to download 
kobes first shot... off 
Kodachrome finally taken away  as time marches on the old and wise can get left behind  http://viigo.im/ZWa
Kodachrome is no more 
Kodak ate my one flip flop strap  they were my broken in black pair too.
Kogi is Silverlake right now, man, i want to live by the lake again 
Kok pusing jadinya? Hahahah..diburu2 banyak hal hari ini, dan parahnya..aku dicurigain hanya bermain2. 
kompas community di kompas.com ditutup per 1 mei..yahh, padahal artikelnya seru2 tuh 
Kool iknow is ode poorinqq n i gotta be at work at 4am they want me to be there early  
Korean Dramas and Japanese Anime, story of my life 
korean skit and oral tmr  and i need money! $_$
korres primer has broken me out...its official,, ive given it 2 attempts...i wanted to love you 
kosher kitchen have taken *another* photo of me for their customer album... 
Kota singing at the 5th Ave. Thtr H.S. Musical Thtr Awards on Mon nite. She is sick (asthma/cold)  , but for this she will crawl if need b
KPDT Graduation Show is on my dad's birthday. Oops! 
KPMG is killing my start-up business with all these charges 
Kqraoke has moved on to Indigo girls, really? 
KRIS ALLEN FTW!!! &lt;3. Screw Adam. Byebye Gokey! 
kris and adam nominated under same category 
Kris, asking me to not attach music to my cell phone pics hurt my feelings. That must have been your goal.  
Krispy kremes are free today and I'm here and they are there 
Kristen just got home. The first thing she told me was how knobby my knees were.  (via @supqt)
Kristin was here yesterday and i have a cold! 
Is iPhone 3.0 out yet? If so, how come I cant get it yet 
Is irate and in pain 
is irritated because of the crappy download speed in the office today 
is irritated by hayfever, and hopes his Piriteze tablet kicks in soon.  Exam at 2 
is irritated that her AIM doesn't work anymore  Trying out trillian
Is irritated!  ugh get me outtaaaa hereeeee!
is is still waiting...  http://plurk.com/p/12k5nn
Is it 5:30 yet? Where's mom? 
is it 7:45 yet.........its going to be a long day 
Is it a general problem that the #iphone auto text correction sux?or just for the german version? Makes me go crazy writing longer mails 
Is it already Monday tomorrow? Where did the weekend go??? I vote for mondays off. If only my boss would be with me on that one. Doubt it 
is it august yet? - florida trip is SOOO far from now! 
Is it bad I get mad when people say Britney can't sing?  Back off my Queen.
Is it bad that I am on Facebook in the middle of a research group meeting. There are only 3 of us in the group... 
Is it bad that I am still not over some of my favorite players leaving Arsenal last season? 
Is it bad that I feel sad that I got kicked our of an xbox live party of fun people? 
Is it bad that I just took a huge bite out of. A chocalate cupcake at 5 in the morning ?  oops !
Is it bad that I'm getting good at putting on a smile? 
is it bad that when tarzan kills the leopard i feel sorry for it  
Is it bad to have a first date in the same pub you once had a break up? Grimace. Nose wrinkle. Shrug of discomfort. 
is it bad to pray for a miracle so i can get tickets to britney's sep. 4 atlanta show? it's all i want in the world for my birthday 
Is it considered torture if we are confined to an &quot;area&quot; to watch our government be dismantled? That is torture to me.  http://bit.ly/ ...
Krod Mandoon was brilliant again tonight. No sexy dance from Aneka though this week  haha
Kso, i'm scared of the dark. And i just walked matt out to his truck and got scared and he laughed at me.. 
KUhawk5  Ooops.. I had a bug   But I fixed it..    Try that tiny URL again..
kuiytfghbnjkuiytrfcgv... guilt trips suck 
kuliah terakhir di hari sabtu.. miss my weekend! 
Kunta: Biotch i have 2 Work thee stand @ Pride Gay Festival on Saturday  No San Jo!
Kuro Makes the Nintendo Wii So Much Classier. Me wants a black Wii  http://viigo.im/Oew
kurts smellin' up the back seat 
Kutner RIP.  Good for &quot;House&quot;, the series I mean.
KUTNERRRR!  WHY??? WHY??????  And to think that 13 is still on the show?? UGH. Kutner/Kal Penn - you've been the bright star in Ho ...
Kyle and Jeydon are SO confusing!!!  GOD DOG!!!
kyle and mandy left, now I'm all alone  I guess I'll go home..
Kyle is getting his tattoo today and I can't go to laugh at him 
Is it cool to have dreams about XHTML compliant of your blog/website?? I need a vacation I think, I even dream geeky 
is it da weekend yet ?! cant wait for another long week at da job 
Is it Darby's or Bite Me?? The Haberfelde staple seems to keep changing names.. need coffee &amp; today it's just 'closed'. 
is it done yet...no 
is it EVER going to be summer!?!?! 
is it ever going to be summer?! I want to go to the beach 
Is it football season yet???    can't wait till August.
is it Friday yet???? 
is it FRiDaY yet????? 
Is it goin 2 be a rainy day or not??? I just wanna put my rain boots on *says in whiny voice* 
Is it going to another hot day? 
is it illegal to have college on a SATURDAY MORNING????  that's sooo bad... 
Is it inevitable that when you put off mowing the grass one day, that it's going to piss down with rain the next?? 
is it June now and July in 5 days?! feel like it's September, brrrr 
is it just me or are all geeky interweb chicks either married, lesbian or both? 
Is it just me or are the two guys on that series &quot;departures&quot; kind of dicks? Dicks who get to travel the globe and see interesting places 
is it just me or does &quot;All Time Low&quot; sound like a boyband now?  no me gusta!
Is it just me or has the centre-bit dramatically reduced in Jaffa Cakes? 
Is it just me or have customers started taking security a whole lot more seriously ? DTAG / T-Mobile security req are massive !!! 
is it just me or i am getting bored of twitter. 
is it just me or is life getting more n more happening towards d end of ma deg? and i cant participate in the happenings 
is it just me that gmail isn't working for? 
is it just me, but it's not easy to spot manga #followfriday.  Is there another #ff just for manga?  I am still learning 
Is it just me, or does Harry Potter suck?...
is it just me, or is The Kite Runner movie not adapted very well from the book?i'm disappointed 
Is it just me?  Small town Canadian gay men still in the closet?  Ill never figure out small town minds 
Is it may or march??? !!! What's up with the weather , global warming? More like global freezing!  
Is it me, or did facebook servers just die?  
is it monday yet? 
kyle is making fun of me 
KYLE IS STREAMING LIVE... No blue jean bonjour jacket 
KYLE MADE ME SOME PURPLE DRANK! FuuuuuuuUuuh yeah! Patron&amp;JollyRanchers . . ..  my dawg keeps coughing . . . Goooodniiight
Kyle surprised me with a visit for a few days but had to go back to Tampa.    back to cleaning, work, and school!
Kylie Minogue and everton are staying at the same hotel -  but I haven't seen them 
Kym is in Hell at a show that serves no liqour 
Kyra is not well... vet is coming here today... I'm very scared that we're gonna have to let her go... 
l am all out of chocolate cake. So sad. 
l need some more aussies ! 
L. did not call, by the way 
L.A. w/my sis 2day I wish I was happy2Bgoing but@this point I don't wanna step foot outta this house it looks like I got beat up! I fell 
L2B tweet #1! Set off 7:30, to pal Rik's vexation - early for me, tho! 1st loo stop. Many W/E Warriors = slow going. 
L8 for the surf 2day  Headin ovr 2 BrewHouse for a good 1
LA DAY 6 went to the Getty Center this morning and then over to Melrose Avenue. Saw Peoples Revolution building but it was closed  boo
La exam tomorrow. I am not exited at all. Eww  
La for the first time treated me like shit.  Not my friends, they showed... things were sgreat...  
La Gazzetta dello Sport lists Croatia among 5 countries that are not recomended to visit for safety reasons - Bad Joke 
LA has been oh so good to me...too bad I have to go back home to San Diego 
la la la la la la la la la la la la la\\ XD i wanna go back to fiji.  wat is the time in america? someone tell me.  XD
la la la, a day down the Caversham prom planned for tomorrow. It's typical that the weather is expected to be cold and wet 
Its teene! the albino lifegaurd. ahaha. I have to get a shot tomorrow 
It's telling that there is no Eircom rep among the talking heads in today's Digital Ireland special on infrastructure 
It's terrible to have exams when everyone else is allredy finished with school  just woke
It's terrible when you hear people have died when you thought they were already dead  Danny La Rue died aged 81 http://is.gd/LtKK
Its that time again 
Its that time again. Another assignment to do 
its the 6th June and I've just had to put the heating on ... 
It's the birthday of brother's girlfriend tursday and I won't be there to see her 
It's the cabinet of the living dead  In tribute, Hazel Zombie!  http://yfrog.com/418sgj  #savegordon
It's the dreaded blood test this morning so I have to administer local anaesthetic cream soon. 
It's the end of the night for me. How is it that my 4 day weekend went by so fast? 
It's the first day of summer and I am being forced to clean my room 
it's the first of june, my house is feezing and i'm lying in bed sick 
It's the first sunny weekend in several weeks, so what do I do? Laundry. 
its the holidays and i still bloody insist on waking up at school times 
it's the last chance to feel again, but you broke me.. now I can't feel anything.. 
It's the last date of the Out of Control Tour today  Is anyone going?
it's the last day i'm having off  gonna enjoy the weather and some studying! ha ha :-P
La La since I cnt figure out how to reply to u from my phone the world can read... I'm in Houston for wk 
La Roux has to leak NAO. i'm playing out this sampler 
La won!!! What a bumber 
labels make me sad, red stripe should not be made in canada 
Lacey doesn't like me anymore cause her bug 
lacey is alright though. quite a few gashes, and she keeps her tail between her legs 
Lacey won't be teaching at HTHMA next year 
Lacie day has ended  BUT It was fun  ily chica. Em. Movies later with pookie butt 
lack of a&amp;d ointment for a fresh tattoo= epic FAIL. 
Lack of nourishment 
Lack of plans for tonight  Anyone going out?
Lack of self-steem + anxiety  � I'm going to bed.
Lack of sleep + No make-up + messy hair = uglytimes 
lack of sleep = lack of exercise 
Lack of sleep and stress landed me a cold and sore throat  great way to spend your vacation
lack of sleep is bloody horrible, double vision and grammar fail 
lack of sleep is making me feel sick, so I don't particularly fancy going out to get some shopping but it seems that's the only way. 
Lacking motivation 
Lacking organizational skills today. Preparing for convoys sucks 
Lacking some serious motivation to get through my readings before Thursdays exam 
laconica not work in localhost, need to be upload in my serever for testing 
Lacy and Dakota pups will be here approx. July 6th   Rosie had false pregnancy   Sasha pups coming in mid August
Ladder 49 gets me every time 
Ladeda it's sunday everyone and I have a hangover.  pity me.
Is it morning already 
Is it nap time yet? 
is it naptime yet?  got loads to do before i can though 
is it normal for a teenage girl to not be able to go more than 2 days without fighting with my mom?cause me and my mom are not good at it 
Is it normal for it to rain too much during June in Chicago? I miss the sun. 
is it normal to cry after you've had your heart broken? 
Is it normal to get tiny stabbing pains, each second a part, on the left side of your hip? Ow ow ow 
Is it normal to have 2-3 active belly movement days, followed by a day of very little movement?      #pregnancy #baby #babywearing
is it not enough that i bought the cd on yoga .... do i really have to do it everyday.... 
Is it November already????  SHIT I CANT WAIT!!!
Is it okay to be totally together and know it, but still be a little sad because there isn't anyone around--besides yourself--to see it? 
is it only so hot in PetachTikva? yesterday i was &quot;cooked&quot; in Afula and today here.. and it's only May 
Is it only Tuesday? 
Is it park time yet? 
Is it possible to be that sick that it feels like your on your death bed??? 
is it possible to buy a magazine without Robert Pattinson gracing the cover? 
Is it possible to drink and smoke sooo much that u wake up still drunk and high... bcuz that's how I'm feeling riiight now 
Is it possible to eat too chocolate? I'm feeling nauseous! 
is it possible to SNUGGLE in bed, by yourself? dont know.. isn't the whole purpose of snugglin to get close to someone else? ughh 
Is it possible to study with this sun outside?! NO! 
Is it quickbook day? Oh well 
is it really friday today? Where did the week go? That what happends when you have surgery and are pumped full of Morphine and demerol 
is it really goodbye NDGM? 
Is it really Monday already? Gosh. Well I guess that means I have to go to school. 
Is it really still worth it? I mean...I just wish he didn't tell me 
Is it really Wednesday? This means I've got to go to work  Oh well, it helps to pay the bills!
Is it really worth bolting it out of the house right now to see the 3D movie ONE more time??? Ugh...I don't have 40 mins 
is it rely mothers day? lol!!! i swear that was in like march!  or is it just american mothers day....so confused :s
Is it sad that I kept checking Twitter hoping at least one title would be retweetworthy by @echothirteen?  Probably 
Is it sad that I waited for three hours for him to come online? Because he didn't 
Is it September yet ?? I miss my Greys anatomy already 
is it slightly OCD that I get so much satisfaction from tweets that contain the perfect number of characters? this one doesn't 
is it summer yet? ....please? 
is it supposed to rain like this all day? we're going to the AFL tonight 
is it that bad that i dvr-ed mtv movie awards only to see the trailer for new moon...i'm a loser 
is it the hottest day in chennai today?? and i dont even have a fridge 
Is it the weekend yet...? 
Is it the weekend yet? 
Is it the weekend yet? I'm ready to leave for the day and take tomorrow off.  Wonder if I could actually get away with that? Thinking not 
is it time for dinner yet? i just wanna go home 
is it time to go yet....all this discouraging chatter about whack baby daddies...this ish will keep a girl single 
is it too early to start eating my lunch? i'm so hungry 
is it too late to jump on a plane to Richmond, VA and go to the Conditions concert?! ...i think that's a yes  boo my life. and ohio.
Is it too much to ask to have a job in art after completing my degree!!! i just want to create art!!!!!!  
Is it true that Chrysler is going to be making only small cars now 
Is it true that misery loves company???? I'm all alone...no one's here with me.  Then why is it that ur loved ones cause u the most pain?
Is it true that women don't have the capacity to grow bulky muscles? I've been training hard and i'm starting to see some form... 
Is it true.. Drunk chicks are horny?  sucks I don't drink or go to &quot;bars&quot;
Is it true? Has Patrick Swayze died? 
is it tutut  i was told she had two
is it weird that i miss my scion? 
Is it weird that the cleanest thing in our house is the DVR? It's got nothing on it, though the mountain of dirty clothes keeps growing 
Is It Wrong If I Don't Go 2 My Paw Paw Funeral.? I Meen... I Hate Funerals Period, Plus Ion Thnk My Heart Can Handle Seeing That. 
Ladies and gentlemen, a moment of silence for the first casualty of the US War on Me:  My old Lego collection  
Ladies day at Hereford. Been here 5 minutes and already 4 quid down  Moneys on Pure Genius for the 3 o'clock
Lady across the way had a miscarriage, say a prayer 
lady coming over this morning who is making a film about Whiteknights trail. V.nervous. Rubbish at interviews in front of a camera 
Lady Gaga has now bought her pantslessness (I'm sure that's a word) to the beautiful, lovely, radiant city of Perth tonight. 
Lady Gaga TTR is sooo much fun. My thumbs Hurt now 
Lady Rest in peace my lovely dog. You are missed  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/197844
Laguna day today... means its holiday no work again... 
laid up  watchin hockey.... hurtin 
Laid up in the hospital with a DVT after giving birth last week to Chloe 
Laina has her recital tonight. Not going but going to the second one tomorrow. Home all alone 
Lake day was fun, but now me, kat angela, hilorie and Greg are all fried 
Lake lake lake! After work tho 
Lake postponed until tomorrow. 
Lake show!!!!!!! Work at 6... Going away shindig for mc  yay thursday
Lakeland courses are in lock and my destination is set. I'm sorry SCAD. I will miss you 
Laker parade today... Wish I can go 
LAKERS &lt;3 I really don't want to write this essay 
Lakers 101 - Magic 96  Not liking the look of this........
lakers baby !!! sad that I can't watch birdman anymore 
LAKERS BABY! So sad i missed the parade!.. 
Lakers up by 5 
it's the one day where an unexpected hug would've made all the difference. 
It's the only option I could come up with that maybe they would have any chance of living, or a pond. But I don't know anyone with a pond 
It's the perfect morning for Los Cubanos.  I can't believe it closed down. 
It's the Return of the Foam and I for one am not a happy camper 
It's the same song over and over. Not getting much sleep tonight 
it's the season finale of cold case  i hope it gets renewed for a 7th season..&lt;3
its the toughest day since my last son left home empty nest now 
its the weekend and feeling more lazy than usual, had to come to ofc 
it's the weekend but 9 year old is grounded which makes me grounded too 
It's the weekend! Cue: Clouds &amp; miserable weather 
Its the worst feeling waking up and thinking its the weekend when in reality its not and I still have to go to class 
its this damn room that gives me a headache 
It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010  http://bit.ly/AF8JT
It's Thunder and lightning 
Its thunderin n lightenin out  this is when I need a boyfriend...sighhhh lol
Its thunderin n lightenin out  this is when I need a boyfriend...sighhhh lol http://twurl.nl/rb7czw
its thundering and lightening! im scared  hold me...
Its thundering and lightning not stoked  wahh I wanna be at home hiding in my bed
It's thundering at midnight! Awesome. But it's time for bed. 
it's thundring outside, I HATE that ! 
it's time for me to Cry 
Is it wrong that I regret not cheating on my SO? 
Is it wrong that I'm miffed I didn't get to hear the Jonas Brothers on Radio 1? I was in the moody for some guilty pleasure music too 
Is it wrong to be picky about pens? My fave pen just died and I'm so upset. I tried every other blue pen in the house and they all suck! 
Is it wrong to be this deveststed about margaret not coming on next years apprentice? 
Is it wrong to still be in love with an ex? Oh I miss my Land Rover 
Is it? Where is it? I can't see  hahah
is itchin to visit another amusement park...wish I could make a trip to Cedar Point... 
is its hotter than 3 hells in Easley at the ballfield  #fb
is jammin to ATL, since they had a secret show in HTown and i fucking missed it.  FML.
IS javascript issues just made me physically sick  jQuery had never let me down in that area b4 either
is jealous @conceitedwombat is gallivanting across Europe and wishes she could be in her place!! 
is jealous kim gets to see aerosmith! 
is jealous of @mileycyrus for being inside a dark theater with nick j who is rocking a faded eggplant shirt, writing a song. asjhdkjgh 
is jealous of everyone who has the sims 3 right now 
is jealous of her friends who get to have interesting vacations....   http://plurk.com/p/xbr35
is jealous of my bestie who just moved to cali, and my boyfriend who is going there for 10 days. where is the sunshine? 
Is jealous of Paul's BlackBerry Storm 
is jealous that @chadpearson is at the braves game. Thanks for the invite. 
Is Jeff Coffin not at this concert?  I haven't seen/heard him yet...I did miss the first few songs though  #DMBLive
is jelious that @nataliemccallum met @thescript 
is job great! I got 2 letters saying the jobs been filled, but not by me!! 
is job hunting with no success! 
is Joe Jackson mad I missed Electrik Red in NYC   
is just a little bit happy 
is just awake from sleep  http://bit.ly/mBoDj I know I feel not very well today 
Is just blah. Worried about Tim but I know there's nothing I can do to stop his headache 
Lakers Won. :/ Whatevers!! School Tomorrow!  I Want To Go Back To Camp!
Lakeshore slow from Bathurst to pass Parkside Drive. Not a good place to drive 
Lala why cant i ever sleep? I think i have like a sleeping disorder.  craving pop eyes imma stop tweeting. I over do it at night
Lala. I'm going to the dentist. 
lalala.   my toe hurts!    nothing to do tonight.
lalala. swimming was shit :/ boring to cold,... i hate the weather &gt;.&lt; my heaaad... 
lalala.... today grandpa n my sisters all go back miri. n mr green tea goes back kuching 
LALALA---HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO Daddies OUT THERE :* still no response from my dad 
LALALAL basketball camp 
Lalalala back to school today  oh well, get to see mein wiebchens ;D
lalalala. pretty stressed. trying to write a bio essay before camp tomorrow 
LALALALAALA, i wanna sneakout, but no ones up for it!  partypoopers.! i'm so weird right now.
Lalalalala. I'm kinda majorly giddy from tired-ness and just general hyperness. And I'm in my talky mood but no one's here to listen 
Lalee is going crazy... She simply doesn't want to go to sleep. I think it's gonna be a long Night... 
Lam viec khong khoa hoc khien minh chan nghe qua   ac ac ac Bo nghe mat thoi - Oi  met
Its time for me to pack up at work now and have not had much time for twitter!  Thank you for any follow fridays. Be back later!
its time for staff meeting..and now my boss is next to me so I won�t be surfing too much today 
It's time for work to be over now. I'm going braindead. I just want to go home and sleep (in front of a fan). 
It's time I put my foot down n end  all this BS that has stressed me for so long! I just need the strenght 2 do it! Hate being sad 
it's time to chop off the hair, I'm getting daily migraines! 
It's time to get into shape! I have heard enough of &quot; you are fat la!&quot; 
it's time to get rid of all my shoes. anyone looking for some SWEET orange heels?? they're a half size too small for me and i'm so sad 
Its time to go wash and clean the car 
it's time to sleep ^^ leg aching from 12hours of standing 
It's time to sleep..but i can't go to sleep..coz i hav to study..study..nd study.. 
it's time to try anything to be with you all my live i've waited this is true.. 
Its times like these that i really miss my cuddle buddy  other pillows just don't measure up. You know my every curve...
It's times like these where I wish I had a iPhone so I can tweet whenever I want. Going over the boarder soon. Note: fly from Toronto 
it's times like this I wish I could put new songs onto my ipod. it's britney spears and lady gaga-less 
its tipping it down! and thundering very loud! and lightning  gahhh!
Its to early for me to be up on a saturday morning! 
is just chillin' at home with a lil sick baby...  
Is just doing revision  so boring 
is just downloading the SNL from last night with J Timberlake and will also cop the 1 with Seth Rogen...Can't get SNL in UK...Thanks NBC 
is just laying here on twitter trying to talk to people &lt;/3 talk back 
is just leaving work.  and is super tired.
is just like Jon and Kate Plus 8--Except without the 8....and the Kate 
is just plain sad.  http://plurk.com/p/x7brg
is just waking up. feeling a tad sick 
is just working 
Is K.O'd after last nites rave - nt so much d drink as I was on water on da rocks bt mre so the lack of sleep before work! 2 hrs - gritty 
is killing time until Thea's class is over.  http://plurk.com/p/11s23u
is kind of confused with her feelings... i dont know what to do???... my heart does not give me the answer!!!.... 
is kind of disappointed Nadal won't play in Wimbledon. 
is kind of sluggish this a.m.  Hopefully, I'll be able to shake it off soon enough. 
is kind of upset because I can't get my background to change or my picture..... 
is kind of upset her roommate parked on the lawn again, and this means consequently he's parked on my garden 
is kinda bored and has many things to do, but has no energy at all whatsoever today for some weird, strange reason 
Is kinda having a bad day. 
is kinda mad her dad ran outta town for father's day weekend! 
is kinda sad a certain Illinois resident is gone now... 
is kinda sad right now  maybe some pool time will cheer me up.
is kinda sad she isn't going to see the sounds  
is kinda sad that laurens gone 
is kinda suuuuuuuuuuper tired.. his body feels heavy  http://plurk.com/p/sxi9l
Lambert signed with 19/RCA, Allen and Iraheta will work with 19/Jive. The odd &quot;Idol&quot; out it appears is third place contestant @dannygokey 
Lame 19 now 
Lame more briefings 
lame saturday nite  passing out sooon!
lame, way-too-much-coffee headache 
lameEeEeg. .angnda ng 1 liter of tearS. . 
Lament: I am at WORK. On a Saturday. When the weather is INCREDIBLE. I want to be out cycling! 
LAN at @JetBlackOnyx's with @miss_mell was a blasty-blast. Now it's time for home 
LAN connection failed ....... No Counter Strike 
Land down under - one of emmas favourite songs! If only you could hear her singing. 
land of the lost     NOT EVEN a 'family' movie  disapointing  to say the least  ~*symona*~
Land of the lost fell thru, now im sitting on my ass! 
Land of the Lost was idiotic!!  bummer...I heard Up was great.
Landed @ jfk...its raining 
landed at Paris airport!!! and now luggage waiting time...I hate this  http://twitpic.com/3la2m
landed Heathrow finally, in T1 Wetherspoons having full English and Strongbow. Mixed feelings today 
Landed in KC... Thinkin about my Lil Man bc for the 1st time he's not here to kiss me when I get off the plane 
Landed in LAX....now in San Dimas.....almost to Newport....gonna be tired tomorrow  love you Ali!!!
landed in SEA, @spincycle3 &amp; I are waiting for luggage continental made us check. have to be in for a meeting by 9:30 am  yuck.
Landed in TO... Flight to the as Soo leaves in like ten min... Back to reality 
Landed safely in the middle of a torrential thunder storm, lightning is not permiting us to go to gate  so we sit on tarmac.
It's to early for my tummy to hurt 
Its to early to be awake 
It's to early to be awake 
It's to early to be awake. 
its to nice to be working 
its to quiet on here tonight 
It's tomorrow already.  Getting hair and make-up done for the MTV Movie Awards.
it's too bad me and my sister don't live together anymore. she lives all the way in Long Beach , and I live in LA  lol
It's too beautiful outside to be on the bus, but after-work plans are keeping me off of my bike today. 
It's too bloody hot in my flat 
Its too bright in my room for me to get to sleep 
it's too cloudy at my house to see the shuttle launch 
It's too cloudy for sunbathing. 
It's too cold and gray for a summer day. 
its too cold for roller coasters 
it's too cold in germany! 
its too cold to function 
its too damn hot outside! ugh! Im still hungry. and my computer isnt fixed yet   ugh! but transformers comes out 2moro! so yeah!
It's too early   Sister is graduating college today so any my mom is really hung over so not feelin good! haha Happy mother's day!
it's too early  getting ready, then cheer, then going to get contactssss
It's too early for me to be awake...I'm hungry and it's hot in my house... 
It's too early for me to be up 
Its too early for the weekend. I'm late getting ready. I need to get up. 
its too early to be awake on a saturday 
Its too early to be awake, such a busy day tho i need to be 
its too early to be up! wishes i could sleep in today 
its too early to cry 
Its too early to get up  why must I work  I need a sugar daddy
It's too early to go to my brother's fencing competition  #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen #happybdaykrisallen
Its too early!  i have never been ready for school at 10 to 7 :$
Its tOo early! I need some more sleep.  I hate waking up this early!
its too early, and im going to be late for school. oh well. and parents evening tonight &quot;/ 
It's too earlyyyy! 
ITS TOO FUCKIN WARM TO SLEEP. 
Its too gorgeous outside for me to have to work all day! 
It's too hard! 
it's too hot  http://tinyurl.com/lr2kzk
It's too hot at this school. I wish I could go home and play The Sims 3, but i don't get it for a while.   @KenDuPell tell me how it i ...
its too hot for its own good outside! i have burnt feets  xx
its too hot for these Uggs, i'm tired as shit, i'm starvingg, i wanna be napping in my bed. 
It's too hot in here/can't sleep 
Its too hot in Kolkata, India here! Working is fine inside the AC cabin, but surfing across the city is the most impossible thing to do! 
It's too hot in my office - dodgy air con 
It's too hot outside.. I hate being locked inside my home 
Landed. And it's raining 
Landline is broken and won't be fixed till at least tomorrow, hence uncharacteristic lack of tweets 
landon donovan is a beast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  2 bad U.S. lost tho...  
Laney, we tweet each other from 6pm-7pm tomorrow 
Language conversions Round 2 - FIGHT! 
language exam today       only a few more daays !
Lanvin Resort 2010 looks REALLY awesome, but I cannot see any of it clearly enough 
Lap 2 and Rahal's already out 
LAPL # 4 FREEROLl Postponed again, truly sorry, More information to all members in forum once we got it 
LAPPYTOP BATERRRY DYING,tryingtofind a movieto watch since im staying in.  and goingto my room.
Laptop + a+ book adds major weight to the back 
laptop at apple icu. without computer for a couple days 
Laptop bust everyone please bear with... Fed up with things going wrong! 
laptop can't go ten minutes without battery!  anyways night. many games tomorrow.
laptop charger is broken - unless a little cricket set up home inside it overnight. typical at the worst possible time 
laptop died.    nick is gonna try and fix.  I really need to bring my desktop over here.
Laptop fell of the bed, another power adapter ruined  time to buy #3 today
Laptop got a virus, kept crashing, had to restore factory settings.  I lost everything.
Laptop got unplugged last night, not charged  How can I cuddle up on the couch with it now? :::sitting at breakfast bar grumble:::
Laptop has changed to its default monitor which has a resolution of 1024x768. I want my 1280x800 back 
laptop hinge just broke, can't really move it without destroying the whole lid, i hate that i wish it was monday so i could get it fixed 
Laptop is about to die. 
laptop is being screwy -- hopefully will be okay  #FB
Laptop is breaking I think.. 
Laptop is knackered, struggling to get it back online 
Laptop is screwed. sending from mobile. I still believe in windows- papa was an engineer. 
Laptop is still down for the count and I'm not going to make it to the @MusiqSoulchild, Anthony Hamilton &amp; @epiphanygirl show next week 
Laptop keeps freezing and I can't do this artwork  I need to do 9 more samples by the end of today 
laptop shut down. i hope i don't have a virus or something 
Laptop To HDTV Problem  - Monitors, Displays and Video Cards (DaniWeb IT Discussion Community) http://tinyurl.com/c4jp6b
Is kinda worried bunny is sick 
is knee deep in exams and coursework for the next 3 weeks 
is Lady GaGa really a hermaphrodite??? 
Is laid in bed, but thinks its time to sleep seeing as she has a very long day tomorrow!! 
is last day of games 
is late  http://plurk.com/p/11nmxk
Is late getting started today - no exercise  Off to business meetings and to finish up a bathroom project
is laughing at devon ! bhahahaha! lmao ;p.... all by my lonesome in my house 
is layed up in the bed thinkin bout tommy, thinkin bout next weekend, and how next year i might not see any of my friends again! 
is layin in bed with Jc wondering if we will ever see each other again! 
is laying down, feeling crappy  ugh instant message me :/
is laying down. my stomach hurts 
is laying in bed reallyyyyy sick 
is laying in bed with a vomiting child for the past 2 hours. this sucks! poor baby 
is laying in bed with sidda hopper and my greggy bear...i wish gregory steven were here. 
Is laying in bed, hoping he will feel ok for work tomorrow. 
is laying in bed, wishing i could meet Kellan Lutz.... haha im a nerd...dream on 
is lazing in @ajtaylor1987 's room although he's gone homehome  so comfy!
is lazy to go to school but, she has to. 
is lazy today. laying in the sofa all day.  (sleeping)  http://plurk.com/p/xc1b0
is leading dull life this Friday... Babysitting! 
is learning about the seven deadly sins. WOW, I am a sinner. 
is learning for It-system  so boring , wish me luck for tomorrow.
Its too hot to be revising 
Its too hot to do anything fun! 
It's too hot to do anything. :/ I'm gonna go to sleep while listening to my boys AVP. Still miss 'em. 
It's too hot to go biking 
It's too hot to go to work! Boooo 
its too hot today 
its too hot today can't stand it 
its too hot. also the strangers is a really scary movie 
it's too hot...  
it's too late to catch me now  
It's too nice out to be stuck inside. 
It's too nice to be stuck in a windowless box all day!! 
its too nice to do thesis 
It's too nice to go to work 
It's too nice to study but I gottaaaaa 
It's too quiet now.   Miss you all.
it's too soddin early 
its too sunny for work  !!!
it's too sunny to revise 
Its too warm cant sleep 
It's too warm. 
It's tooo earlyyyyy 
Its toooo fucking hot to sleep god damnit. 
it's toooooo hotttt 
Its tooooooooooo hot 
Its toooooooooooooooo quiet............missing my son like mad 
Its totally raining!!! What the eff is going onn!! 
It's tough saying goodbye to great friends.  So happy I get to see @ddlovato tomorrow! I need a happy night out!
it's tough when your 17 year old son starts beating you in golf!    Good job Drew...Ben keeps getting better too!
It's true, our annual leave has been suspended indefinitely. Goodbye, July vacation. 
its tuesday and i miss going for pracs... sadx much?! 
Its tuesday!  and its hot outside  but work will be over soon! 
its turning out to be a disastrous F1 season for Ferrari  .... frustrating Chinese Grand Prix
it's twitter.... and yes it's annoying me..... and we found her... tad 
Its two o clock in the morning! 
its ugly and gray out. 
Its unbearably hot and humid here 
It's unreal how close we've gotton. I can't lose him... It's devastating to think of us ever growing apart. 
It's valerie!!!! 9 times outta ten y do people think it's mallory!! So I slur? 
It's very busy 
It's very cold in my bedroom! 
Its very depressing watching chelsea win that match 
is leaving Amsterdam now...sigh. my luggage is TOO HEAVY   I'm seriously having pain everywhere cos of it... lol I dont know how to pack!
is leaving Austin in the morning and won't be hearing the @mrbobbybones show for a week 
is leaving for school now. (((  really just don't want to go.   miss my lion already. &lt;3 spastic.
is leaving for work 
is leaving MASH 4 the last time 
is leaving New Jersey!!! 
is leaving new york tomorroww 
is leaving norway 
Is leaving paris soon  and has had the BEST time ever .
is leaving Rock Eagle 
is leaving Rome today 
is leaving Seattle tomorrow morning, and he's not going to lie, he's quite sad.  
is leaving Sin City today... ill miss vegas 
is leaving the flat now... bye bye first year 
is leaving the tennis court..doubles was not fun 2nite! 
is led in bed with alex. fuck the gym 
is left out 
is let down by Transformers  Long day ahead of myself: Work and possible interview with new job. Then long overdue sleep!
is lighting candles in my room because it's so cold. My poor little hands and feet. 
Is like a lobster girl  too much sun at the Wkend lol
is like ahhhh.... got this bangin' headache.... but why? 
is like terribly sad 
is liking the sun! But hates exams and the lack of me being able to go to Milton Keynes saddens me 
is listeing to Hevin 911 remix and thinks its really really sad. i feel bad for the little girl 
Laptop upgrade from #Hardy to #Jaunty was a massive failure   Upside is that it only took 20 minutes to reinstall a fresh copy of #Jaunty!
laptop will not load the net  no idea what is wrong with it now, pile of crap
Laptop's in the repair house  $2300 worth of repairs  took it in on the second last day of warranty  priceless
laptops not working  so tired, holidays are boring haha.
LaRico on that MTV show &quot;Juvies&quot; just changed me. 
Larry and Mo (my pet ducks) are eating the tadpoles in the pond! Watching jeremy kyle coz the sun has gone in 
larry arms going into the studio to record a 7&quot;... looks like the chicago show free 7&quot; rumors may be true. 
Larry is in the hospital. He had a stroke and things aren't looking well. 
Lasagna takes too long to cook 
Lasagne for dinner and then have to get to my daughter's fifth grade graduation ceremony.  My legs are shaky from being sick. 
Laser Quest was a lot of fun. I came in 6th. Cliff kicked ass. I had the best grilled cheese sandwich tonight. I'm sad my 3 weeks are up 
lasertron is the BOMB....too bad i won't be participating in it 
lasst dance show today   then off to waterloooooooooo
Last  day of college today and I already miss people 
last #ff  @Mel_Diesel @vja4041 @DemonFactory @shawnmcguirt @SEO_Web_Design @ChuckSwanson @agracing @confidentgolf @tluckow @legalblonde31
Last @cobradogs of the year!!! Sad day   http://twitpic.com/854fp
Last @Melonzmag tutorial today, this is a very-very sad day  x
Last 1\2 a day...see ya holicong 
last 100 pages! Oh no! 
Last 2wks has been AMAZING. Sad 2b leaving, elated 2b going home. So0o sad I couldn't meet up w @RobPattzNews. I just needed 1 more day! 
Last 3 days of school....I'm sad but happy but anxious..... 
is listening NIN. He is f @cked up! 
is listening to @AFI and sulking because she lives in the wrong bloody country! 
is listening to @badbadcharlie's 'Kiss Me' on repeat. I can't believe how honest and beautiful it is 
Is listening to 80s on 8 on XM satellite radio! This joint is sick! The 80s was so great! I miss it 
is listening to an awesome song but i dnt no the name but i wanna upload it on limewire!!!!! 
is listening to Beyonce and is sad about the horrible weather in England today 
is listening to Britney Spears' Where Are You Now. 
is listening to Danny Gokey's What Hurts The Most. 
is listening to envision and cant belive that he has missed seeing them live 
is listening to her song she jus learned from anime! Saw her loves but didnt stay bc he felt sick  Hope you feel better sweetie!
Is listening to M.I.A. Last roll of the year today 
is listening to Opick's songs with Mom. Mom, when will Dad be our prayers leader? 
It's very disappointing that no one's ever mentioned me. 
its very frustrating to know that morning meeting is canceled..all the care..alarms...sleep sacrifice that has been done go as waste 
it's waaaay too hot in my apartment.. can't sleep  and i have an exam tomorrow. baaaaaaaaaaaaah
It's waining!  
Its warm 
Its was so uncomfortable sleeping last night! My back and legs are so sore!! 
It's way too beautiful outside to be stuck in an office. 
Its way too dark in my house  I don't like it its too spooky /: lol
it's way too early and way too wet outside. my yard boy had to reschedule 
It's way too early for me to be awake - so why can’t I fall back asleep?!  http://tumblr.com/xyd224mq6
its way too early i want to go back to bed, I really do not want to go to college, and its soo unfair my brothers got a inset day 
it's way too early to be heading to work. 
Its way too early to be up 
It's way too early to be up on a Saturday.  I forgot what it was like to sleep in.  
it'S WAy tOO EARly! 
It's way too far babe. It'll never work. 
Its way too hot  , Damn! Sleepytime will be roughh :|
It's way too hot for my liking! Missing the pleasant weather!! 
it's way too hot to be sleeping tonight 
Its way too hot where I am I gotta get the hell out of here... I need a ride home 
it's way too hot, for makeup  driver's ed is sucha pointless class
It's WE, I'm tired and still work to do. Gah  #fb
its weekend and im working 
It's weird because movies never make me cry. Maybe I just needed a good cry lol work in 6 hours  
Its weird being here on a weekend again! Missin the usual crowd! 
Its weird giving Autographs, but cool lol off home now before I head back into Worcester for guess? More training 
It's weird not having a computer at home.I really need to buy one,soon! Until then,will catch up occasionally from other locations!  sad!
it's weird not waking up at tegans 
Its wet outside 
It's windy and grey outside - looks like more rain is on the cards today. What happened to spring? The weeds are loving it 
it's windy out today 
It's windy outside, but it's still hot in the office. 
It's wrong to want him back, but I do. 
its your life make it large! I believe in that, but forget sometimes 
its.. borin..  ..
itss coooold  i want cuddless
itss soo quiet.. @gauneyKAY is sleeping  someone entertain me please?
Itsss Soo Hot And I Havee Nothing To Do  No1 Onlinee Eitheer..
It'ts been a great day. Picking Berries with the awesome Sandy Spalding. Fedex delivered but I'm not home.  http://twitpic.com/7tmi5
iTunes decides to be silly and not let me download the new Transformers score. 
iTunes does not like my feed. 
ITUNES INSTALLER FUCKING FAILED ONCE AGAIN 
Itunes is a bitch! it deleted all of my musics from my iPod! I miss my musics 
iTunes is being really slow 
itunes is still borked 
iTunes keeps crashing when I try to update to iPhone 3.0. Super sad face! 
iTunes Store disabled my account because I have no prove of my billing address...sad... Not more songs/movies purchasing... 
itunes store will not load! 
iTunes store, don't tease me!  I wanna buy a movie, &quot;unknown errors&quot; aren't helpful! 
iTunes SUCKS! Actually, my slow internet connection sucks... 
is listening to some Keri Hilson while Studyn for Finals...ughhh it's that time of the semester 
Is listening to some Selena. It still makes me sad... 
is listening to the pouring rain and thinking that it doesn't get much better than this.  What a pity I have to go out in it 
is listening to the three songs from Trapt i have.  hopefully ill get the rest of the albums tomorrow! 
is listening to the Twilight soundtrack at work as she has misplaced her ipod somewhere 
Is listening to the Twilight soundtrack, while reading Eclipse. Oh how I wish Edward were not just a fictional character  xXx
is listening to 'together again' - Janet Jackson ..yes back to the 1998's people..missing the good old times in high school 
Is literally sick from working too much 
is livid.... why the hell do i give people the benefit of the doubt when they just go and do it anyways!!! grrrrrrr 
Is LJ acting up for anyone else right now?  I can't get on to post.  
is logging off for today, killer migraine not gone yet 
Is lonely  but is still chasing the girl of his dreams
is lonely in need of company 
is lonely in the office by herself ... 
is lonely! 
Is lonely... Wantn someone to cuddle w. 
is longing to be back in Calgary. I miss everything about the place 
is lonley and wants 2 talk 2 kellie but idk where she goey 
is lookin out the window n hating the bloody rain on my day off 
is looking after her nephews and shes tiiiiireddddd  lol eeeep for kids of my own! xxx
Is looking at health care homes for my mother-in-law 
is looking at interesting facilities that can be overviewed by Google Maps...   http://bit.ly/FCU1c
is looking at the clock... Its 6:03 and I've yet to go to sleep... These sleepless nights are getting really old 
is looking at the weather forecast 4 2mrw. Thinking &quot;Bugger I am going 2 get soaked doing the Walk For Life 
is looking everywhere &amp; anywhere for 2 spare tickets to see the saturdays this wednesday! 
Is Looking For A Decent-ish Photo Of Herself But Cant Find One 
is looking for a good frosting recipe for the sponge cake  anyone can suggest me sth?
is looking for a guild name.  Suggestions appreciated. Preferably one word, 'Ascension' and 'Genesis' are favourites but taken 
is looking for a new job 
is looking for a potential sibbling to The Rex even though he has no idea how he would afford one... Let's just call this day dreaming 
is looking for a way to get to London next weekend... Shit, the prices are too high!!! 
Is looking for an MMORPG to play.. Tried Runes of Magic but my pc just chokes..  this is sad
is looking for baby UFA Neopets... hehe. im bored..... 
is looking for danielle gee? where is she?  x
is looking for lower arm bushing for my car. 
last 48 hours have been fun. back in EL Lay tomorrow, fri 
Last 6 weeks (5 days off in total if my calculations are correct) finally catching up with me: I got a stinking cold 
Last Alevel exam (hopefully) tomorrow. 2Hrs. Chemistry. You get the idea  wish me luck
Last benny cuddles until tuesday night! :o  http://mypict.me/4PI0
last big bang theory wasnt as good as i waned it to be  oh wellllll, bed time, toodle oo.
last bit of blitzing! then the parentals will be here.... and then... dundundun! uni work 
Last Breakout of the conference. 
Last business day of the month is the wrong time to get new tags. About 45 people    
Last chat of her graphic novel course. 
Last Chueca botellón last night, 
last class for the week...1 week down, 5 more to go. 
last class of the day. bored and it's hot! i wanna go outside and hang out 
last dance class of the year 
LAST day  of school was yesterday...   
Last day :O I'm going to miss everyone soooooo much 
last day @ Nick hotel. Hope daug. wakes up better today. So sad 
Last day 2day  Goin out to an italian 4 t. Back to training for europeans as of monday! 5 days till Europeans yasss!
Last day almsot time to get back to mounds of work 
Last day as a junior! . . . then finals 
last day as a mustang owner...it was very sad.  I have to give it to the dealership tomorrow.    8 days til we leave!! 9 til the show!  
Last day at Breck tomorrow. What a strange season. 
Last day at DMA over!     a million sad faces.
last day at home for a minute. sadness. 
last day at home. then back to the tundra tmrw 
last day at home.. insanely depressing 
Last day at Jakki's, not quite sure how ready i am 
Last day at my store  Start at my new store in pville tomorrow!!
Last day at ScreenwritingIndia 
Last day at the beach!  wanna be on vacation forever!
Last day at the beautiful beach 
Last day at the coffee bean  
Last day at the job. Very sad 
last day at the sioux falls salon, i will miss my younkers family..  #fb
last day at the studio! 
Last day at work 
Last day at work...Sick to the bone 
last day before long weeekend!! ... and then off to DC starting nxt week 
iTunes upgrade reset playcount to zero  How will I know which one of 143 Hasta Siempre versions I liked best?
iTunes won't let me add some songs to the library 
iTunes won't read my run data I can't upload them anymore   Not for the next few weeks I guess until I get it fixed..
iTweetReply push = no worky 
Itzhak Perlman's more popular than Yo-Yo Ma?!? Stupid American infatuation with Violins...Cello is the money string instrument!   
iu saved a kittens life and it scratched the shit out of me  No good deed goes unpunished. I found it a home too. Give me a COOKIE!
iunno why i even got twitter tbh.... im tired 
IU's theater department can suck it. I'm stuck in Bloomington a week AFTER my lease runs out. I'm gonna be homeless y'all 
iv eaten too much 
Iv got a feeling im going to do bad in re exam  urgh it lasts 2 hrs aswell
Iv got more bloody drama coursework it never ends and its hot and sunny outside but im stuck inside  
iv got the hiccups 
Iv lost my fucking phone wire ! :@ 
iv no cam so carnt see 
iv officially become a wedd consultant. I get asked 4 advice on dresses,shoes,stylin,n now music! pity i dont get paid for that part  LOL!
Iv only buggered up me ankle. Flippin hurts and has swollen up mahoosively 
iv to stop playing ghostbusters now 
Ivanovic is about to take the court and I have to go to work 
I've - imojonty:  whats wrongggg?  it’s just hit me that my driving test is SOON and i did a mock one with... http://tumblr.com/xnu21qq1v
I've a final tomorrow, and I've left my text in my classroom. Genius, yeah? 
I've a really bad ear infection and it's doing my head in 
I've acquired really low self-esteem over this past year. This sounds so pathetic but I wish that I had someone to help raise it up again 
I've almost spilled something on my phone 3 times and I've only been up for an hour 
I've already breakfast/lunch .my sister bought many language books 
I've already given out all the Galene eggs I'm going to in game this month.  People are already comparing them to sand dollars 
Last day before SLE.... I don't wanna do this! 
last day before vacation! hip hip hooray hip hip hooray!...alarm didn't go off this morning making me unproductive before a very buys day 
Last day blonde  going back to my roots ;)
Last day ever in Ramsey Hall   
Last day I'm LA. I am so so sad 
Last day in Austin  gonna head to the track with the guys and see if I can keep up!
last day in Berlin 
last day in cali 
Last day in Cali  Partyin for the last time with Tokyo Table peeps...
last day in California  heading back to Michigan tomorrow
Last day in dublin 
last day in firenzeee 
Last day in Gibraltar  the sun is shining  making the most of it... more relaxing probably!
Last day in glasgow till september  xxxx
Last day in guitar class 
last day in hawaii, then i have to go back to wet cold Sydney 
Last day in Hilton Head.  home to Ohio tmw 
Last day in LA. 
last day in lebanon drinking beer and bbq 
last day in longboat 
Last day in Madrid. Full day of work ahead followed by late flight back home. Missing the #f1 qualifying. Is it still called f1? 
Last day in Malaysia  Counting down to Newcastle town centre delivery summit Monday...
Last day in Melbourne  it will be good to see my babies again though
last day in MF'er  just having downtime with the fams...
last day in montreal. 
Last day in New York - and most of it is work... 
Last day in NYC 
Last day in NYC  back to T. Tonight
Last day in NYC... 
LAST DAY in NZ... 
last day in okinawa.... trying to figure out and accomplish all the things i want to do in this wonderful country before i go 
Last day in paradise 
last day in paris, everybody. i can't believe that 
Last day in SF with the girls 
last day in Singapore  leaving tomorrow morning
LAST DAY in St Andrews.. i will spend it on west sands! and then packing 
last day in Sydney  off to Brissy next....
last day in the @ourstage office. kinda sad   to put it like @mikesplain, maybe i'll be there digitally.
Last day in the Chi! 
last day in the libs 
Last day in the Village 
Last day in UK.  Going to Roath park w/ maf with a picnic &amp; to look for a house. Did I say that so loudly?
Last day in Vegas 
Last day in Vegas. Unfortunately it will be spent packing up the booth instead of doing anything fun 
is looking for the mute button on the Kojima teaser site... not finding one... 
is looking forward for SNOW LEOPARD for his Mac - unfortunately only in September 
Is looking forward to a wet weekend in Weston 
is looking forward to Friday drinks and dinner for Jade but also not as it means she is leaving.    
is looking forward to getting back into a place of my own next summer/fall. I miss my own space 
is looking forward to home ownership just so I don't have to worry about moving for years and years.  Moving blows 
I've already got TwitterFon but started using Tweetie because of multiple accounts. TweetDeck for iPhone is not available in the UK yet 
I've already lost two of my first years  oh no x
I've always been there for you...sometimes i just miss the fact that we dont hang out at all. that's all. 
I've applied for loads of jobs and not had a single interview. It's all very soul destroying 
I've barely touched the bombay mix. Very bad investment! Making some headway, though doubt i'l make it to Crusaders 
I've become addicted to flight control, just like everyone else. High score is 36 so far, not very impressive 
i've become one of those pathetic girls that feel lonely without their boyfriends hahaha i miss josey already!! 
ive been 2 berton dassett hills today.  now bright red. 
i've been a bad clicker. 
Ive been a bad mother to my dog  shes acting out.. this is some  lol doctor phill help!
I've been accused of cougar-like behavior on my own blog   I promise, I'll never become a cougar. http://bit.ly/ViSFO
I've been acting like a complete dunce all night. 
I've been asked out on a date to an Offspring concert. Might have to decline. I has fever 
I've been asleep less than an hour. Come on, people! She's been asleep all of 3 hours. That's a long nap 
Ive been at work for an hour. Bored out of my mind and its super hot. Let me go home im missin somebody 
I've been attacked by ants 
Last day in Vietnam   http://twitpic.com/68a1g
Last day of #halfterm  Least there's still sun - happy Diversity won #bgt
last day of #tourdeblono before i leave on the greyhound at 7pm.  thanks to everyone who helped make this trip a vacation
Last day of &quot;Hollywont.&quot; Great crew; great actors. A great film. 
Last day of 3 day weekend  3 weeks till summer... where mcat fun
Last day of a 3 week paternity leave. 
Last day of art 2! Sad 
last day of asthma camp, it always goes too fast 
last day of badminton today 
last day of bball camp  but then another one in july! 
Last day of break  + someone has the same prom dress as me. OMGFML.
last day of break tomorrow 
Last day of childhood 
last day of chillaxation 
last day of college  +  .....arhhh scary mary :S
Last day of Cornish adventure  been a great break! Excited to dive back into work on monday
last day of dance  great year everyone! Gwyn call me.. dinner and a movie girlfriieeennnd!
Last day of dogsitting  Lola was a BIG hit at afterhours. Think my mom will miss her if I keep her forever?
Last day of Easter Break. Normal service to resume tomorrow. *sob* 
last day of easter holidays 
Last day of Experiments in Cinema...how sad 
last day of expression engine #EE training 
last day of freedom  before school and work start back up
Last Day of Full Tilt FTOPs Events....Playing at least two of the MiniFTOPs today.  Have not cashed in a single one yet   Good Day for 1st
Last day of grade 10!!!  but also  at the same time. Doesnt feel like the end of the year
last day of grade 9. omygee. then math exam tmr  after that i'll be SEMI-HAPPY. (:
Last day of high school forever! 
Last day of highschool. 
Last day of holiday  Ninja has decided to spend it asleep. to be fair, all her time is now spent asleep it seems, except at 4am :/
last day of holidays 
last day of holidays   Going to make the most of it!
Last day of holydays, gotta get back to work    Anyway, 2 great weeks
Last day of internship!!! 
is looking forward to sleeping in her own bed tonight but wish sam was with her 
is looking forward to the weekend - the part after i work saturday... 
is looking forward to the weekend, even though I have to slave away in the heat to get my yardwork done   The Proposal tonight, yay!
is looking forward to the weekend..having to up my meds though 
is looking more like a lobster today 
Is looking out in the garden wondering if the chickens will be impressed if i destroyed their garden like theyre doing to mine 
Is Looking Out of the Window And all she sees is clouds  I miss L.A
is losing her hubby for a week tomorrow for work.  Easter and all 
is losing her voice... 
is losing hope fast 
is losing the fight with allergies 
is lost at media prima unsure of what to do or who to meet 
Is lost without Greys. My mother doesn't have tivo or the internet. 
is lovin SNL... and is the only suitemate that stayed in New York today 
is lovin that I have my own place now...but really miss my puppy Chance 
I've been awake bout 8 hours, 2 Hour nap time before work. Too bad sleeping is painful. 
I've been awake for almost 24 hours and still can't sleep 
I've been awake since 1:30 with only an hour and a half of sleep. Fun night but I am TIRED! 
ive been awake since 2pm yesterday and its 10am...i got NO SLEEP what so ever and im having a hard to to catch my breath...ahhh help me 
I've been away from astrology/tarot stuff for a few days.  I feel pretty blocked up! 
i've been banished from tweetsville for a whole hour coz i over-tweeted, didnt kno there was such a thing!  think i need help...
I've been banished to the office 
I've been bitten on my elbow (not it an good way) and the bite is now a raised weeping blister 
I've been blocked. KELLY BAYLESS is an asshat.   (I love you Kelly.)
I've been browsing flickr and my dolly wishlist has grown  I have no moola!
I've been busy, but spring break is over, so I'm about to go to class 
I've been cleaning the house all day, I'm so tired and sweaty  It's so hot here it's gross. FML
I've been disrespectful to my hero.  Sorry @andyjustus 
I've been drifting in and out of sleep for the past hour. I really dnw work at 1. 
I've been drinking all day &amp; I'm still sober. This is unfortunate. 
I've been eaten alive by mosquitos 
I've been eating SO unhealthy lately! Need my motivation back 
I've been enjoying my first California blueberries of the season, but the blueberries last year in Oregon were better 
I've been fallin off my twitter game lately. Oh poo 
I've been feeling really good just hanging out, the weather is nice. Wish things were better financally, I might need to move soon. 
ive been feeling sick the past few days 
I've been focused  on school and prom, now that it's almost over idk what to focus on 
ive been forced to stay home and revise while everyone else goes punting. usually wouldn't care, but hot rich friend is going  missing out
I've been going to the same deli by my office for years now and the guy that works there watches me like I'm trying to steal something. 
I've been googling everything abt curing my ulcer. Seriously, everything sounds painful but butttt, i need to get rid of it 
I've been having LONG days recently. I don't think the weekend will get any better  god damn I'm whining.
I've been here 
I've been here for almost 2 hours and feel like I've accomplished nothing but putting the coffee maker in my car, no coffee yet 
I've been hit with some kind of a stomach sickness, blaargher. Little vomit burbs and stomach ache  - #squarespace 
Ive been home for about 2 hours now, and i am so tired. I slept all the way home.... But i am still exhausted... I miss my group 2 
I've been hugging myself a lot lately because nobody else is willing to 
ive been ill all week  I miss my friends, i miss school... :'( I never thought i'd say that.
I've been in a weird mood all night. I hate being the odd one out 
I've been in Czech Rep. for almost three weeks and I still have a tendency to drive on the left when I'm not concentrating. 
I've been in sone type mood sn I woke up. Think It was meant fir me tj stay closed up in my room by myself 
I've been laying in bed with my cat for the past hour. Oh how i wish i could just sleep ALL day like old times 
I've been listening to new ATL and new FTSK all day. I don't think July 7th could come any slower. 
I've been listening to The Ventures for a week, enjoying their pretty guitar tone, then my mom told me the lead guitarist just died 
I've been looking forward to this day for two weeks. Unfortately now I have to look forward to tomorrow. 
Ive been lying on my bedroom floor listening to My Favorite Highway for the past half an hour. I miss Ryan, Jon, and Jake. 
I've been MIA due to problemas con mi familia  but I still love you guys!
I've been MIA from twitter for about two days now and no one missed me. I'm so sad.  Think I'll go read a hot romance to cheer me up.
ive been missing out on the fun on twitter... since computer is being a fucktardd  sighss!!!
ive been missing you @geeojones ! where are yooooooou?  ♥
i've been munching on crappy foods all day 
I've been neglectful of updating my tweets  going to church
I've been neglecting my blog seriously...I need something to blog about, inspiration....I have writers block 
i've been neglecting twitter 
i've been neglecting twitter lately by accident.. i hate being so busy. 
I've been neglecting twitter today 
I've been off the plane for 2 hours and we're still not home  my mom always side tracks
I've been offered Fred on loan but I has no moniiieeeess...  
I've been on the treadmill over an hour my legs and my little ass hurts  and I'm still not getting off the machine
I've been online for 5 hours! See, this is why my eyesight is declining rapidly. 
is loving her creations! Queen of the Whole Universe, here I come! Work time now 
is loving katikates! having lunch with my boo then meeting at work then working  come visit!
is loving the fact that i am being employed to sit and stare out the window 
is loving the hot weather!  Finally!  Too bad I'll be stuck at 2 jobs today.  
is loving the new Taylor Swift song.. and has renewed love for Last Kiss by Pearl Jam.. 
is loving the new Twitteriffic iphone app. I just paid for and was getting used to tweetie, but now it's back to Twitterific... $3 gone 
Is loving the rain! NOT! Working again today! means we will be busy in the carvery  xxx
is loving the sum 2day dont want it to go 
is loving the sun &amp;&amp; hating revision 
is loving the sun but can't enjoy it as he has work to do 
is loving the sunshine, but wishing I didn't have to stay in and study 
is loving this beautiful weather! Please don't end!  #fb
is loving this day sooooooooooo far! but is missing my gorgeous boyfriend 
is loving this summer weather! but not looking forward to the rain the rest of the week 
Is loving this weather but no one is out 
is loving this weather.But cant believe were back in school tomorrow  So hope these 7 weeks go quick then another 6 weeks off thank god 
is luvn the sunshine but not enjoyin her sunburn 
is lying in bed sick...  and scared iv got swine flu haha
IS LYING IN BED VERY ILL 
is lying in bed watching scrubs instead of being out and about..not feeling too well and i have work tomorrow 
Is lying in his mums bed cos he is too tired to get ready for bed 
is lying on my comfy bed enjoying the sun on her body but definatley needs a bigger bra! 
is lyning in bed coz a stupid bus driver went into my mates car and now i cant move my neck and back!! 
is mad at SteandKel I thought they posted another new video it's the one i saw last week! 
is mad because  theres no xbox live so i cant get evanescence DLC 
Is mad cause i was bein lazy &amp; aint go 2 tha salon 
is mad her friends don't write to her on twitter.   ps. the sun doesn't set here till after midnight, its crazy/
Is mad I won't be in town for sophies party 
Is mad that I'm not home in Memphis...I missed Africa in April, and the Dub car show 
is mad that my internet keeps going out...*sigh*. 
Is mad that the gas station didn't have tiger red drive...had 2 settle!!! 
Is mad!!!!!!! and tired been up since 4.45 
is mad. Someone stole the man head from my front yard. I WANT IT BACK! It's cursed.  I'm going to die now.
Is major sleepy in school  Even the net's not that entertaining
is majorly tired.  and in a hotel room with her whole family.  one of whom is a very cranky 3 year old.  
last day of junior high school.. how sad  i'll miss SOME teachers and friends (
last day of lessons at bradfield ever omg  bring on half tearm then study leave and NO revision for GCSE ahahahah xxx
Last day of math class! ...till Monday. Boo. 
Last day of May 2009. 
last day of mikmaq today 
Last day of Mt Jam  Michael Franti today on the Awareness Village Stage!
last day of my first year of college so sad  been best year ever n dnt no wt 2 do 4 10 weeks xx
Last day of my impromptu one week holiday. A sad day  Work will be a shock to the system tomorrow.
last day of my vacation 
Last day of my week off 
Last day of my workterm tomorrow.  I hope they don't make me cry, im such a sook like that.
last day of real school tomorrow!! then finals for 3 dayss  SUMMER IS SO CLOSE!!
last day of real school! yes...wait their exams...uh.. 
Last day of school  Chillin with ma baby girl ash at her Asian homeplace
Last day of school and I am getting ready to move tomorrow. I will be without computer access for awhile 
last day of school and last concert of my life.. wow.. can you say emotional? im really gonna miss mhs..  had graduation practice today..
Last day of School EVER Today! 
Last day of school for me! Hah im so excited  but then again, I'm also really sad  agh but anyway I'm about to go to school.
last day of school for my fav preschoolers  I'll miss them!
Last day of school for seniors   Depressing! My best friends are LEAVING me!!
Last day of school today. I'm not ready to leave! All my friends are amazing, thank you guys for the last 5 years, they've been the best! 
Last day of school tomorrow. 
Last day of school was today!  kinddaa sadd idk haha.. Us history regents tomorrow &amp; then gym, get at me
last day of school was today! kinda sad.. last day as a sophmore  nevermind that, back to studying! learned 30/90 vocab words! woot!
last day of school! 
I've been out in the sun WAAAy to much today..  But at least I got a tan! 
I've been overly tired all week and sleeping ok. I guess it's time to see a white coat. 
ive been ownd on the internet by @im_Chrisss 
i've been packing/unpacking for the last week, not fun   I had too much fun wed-sat
Ive been practising my theory test so many times, keep on getting 39/40/43 lol 
I've been pretty lonely lately 
i've been put on ice 
I've been ready to go since about an hour after we got here .. that was about 4 hours ago. I miss @powboley 
I'VE BEEN REALLY BUSY. I'm glad most of it is over, but there are still 2 big projects in my way, and my declining Bio too 
I've been searching for starburst jellybeans for over a month with no luck...I'm going thru withdrawls. 
i've been sick all day. some kind of stomach bug. i hate being sick. 
i've been sitting on my feet so long that my feet are going numbbbbb! 
I've been sleep all damn and now i'm bored can't go back to sleep 
ive been sleeping good lately. but tonight i cnt get rest. i think its bc all the crap im doing tomorrow  dnt like stress 
I've been sleeping way too much lately... And nothing gets done 
I've been so exhausted lately that I hardly ever update my poor lonely Twitter anymore.  I'm watching Home Alone 2 lol!
I've been so MIA today! I hate it when I move at the speed of a sloth  happy Friday everyone
i've been soooooo slack on my blog.   Been learning lots of new things, but now time to write about it! Soon, I hope!
I've been spending way too much money on food, food and oh, food. There goes my allowance.  Need. To. Save. For. Urbanscapes! *determined
i've been studying for almost 4 hours straight, i can't do it anymore 
I've been studying maths since 2pm Non stop...Revised 14 Theorems... All of Trigonometry... You name it...It's revised! Hope P2 is easy! 
I've been suspended.  I didn't do anything.  http://twitpic.com/6p880
is making a call: the DALLAS MAVERICKS will NEVER win an NBA championship. 
is making a list of all the things i have to do on my week off from work...not looking like much of a holiday anymore 
is making a skirt! R.I.P Charlie 03/06/09 
is making cash money.. NOT! 
is making guestlist, although im very very sleepy. Dpt Pe eR dari suami 
is making herself sad by looking at rental properties in london and paris. not sure i can wait two and a half years. 
Is making swiss roles first lesson at school and is not happy 
Is making tons of homework.  DPS is doin' good on torturing there students. :s
is males online facebook  http://plurk.com/p/xehe3
Is males tweeting because of my johnie absence 
is meant to be leaving now, but forgot to charge her iPod 
is MEGA stressed. 
is memorizing freakin CHINESE! ... hard 
is mentally preparing to write a cv - been a long time tho &amp; don't know where to start 
is messed up 
is miffed... the jeans i bought just ripped 
Is mildly offended that I didn't get invited to this Webby shindig. 
last day of school,oh im gonna miss my friends (and bf) 
last day of school.  really really sad.
Last day of school.... I'm gonna miss everybody 
last day of school....yay? 
last day of school...really... wow this is sooo insanely depressing.  along with that we get out finals back  what a horrible day......
last day of senior service  im gonna miss those kids so much!!
Last day of short Thailand vacation    Had a great time, as usual ;) More updates later...
last day of skool tomoro. @xosmjerseygrlxo prayin that ur week gets better 
Last day of spring break and last day of Kara and Natalie's visit.  #fb
Last day of Spring Break.  Yankees then reading for Real Estate class.  Back to school tomorrow night.  
Last day of summer. 
LAST DAY OF SUMMER.  No more summer loving. The real love begins. :&quot;&gt;
last day of summer. tomorrow is another day, another day to start my worst day 
Last day of tennis. 
Last day of the convention. 
Last day of the holidays  But il see my friends at school tomorrow, so its all good lol
Last day of the holidays - Richard Sad 
last day of the holidays... 
Last day of the week at this awful temp job. Should be the last day full stop. But they want me back next week 
Last day of training in FL and heading back to Germany on Friday. 
Last day of vac and sick 
Last day of vaca back to albs at some point today 
last day of vacation  coming back home tomorrow, but looking forward to socal weather
Last day of vacation  driving to New York and flying home.
Last day of vacation ..... Don't wanna go back to work tomorrow....  
last day of vacation at lucknow. Already getting into post-vacation blues 
Last day of vacation.  #fb
Last day of vacation... 
last day of VBS  but going to the Zoo tomorrow with @helloekatelyn ,brittany and katy!
Last day of vbs. 
Last day of VBS. I'm gonna miss my students... 
last day of work 
Last day of work  bittersweet!
Last day of work at SASS, SAD TIMES! 
Last day of work Today 
Last day of work today. Some personal and vacation days till next week. After that I am done with my contract. No assignment yet. 
Last day of work tomorrow...must find part-time job this summer...work starts back up in August.  I will miss the kids 
last day of work tonight.. i'm gonna miss my crew 
last day of work until next Saturday...woo-hoo BUT five days of finals ahead...can't catch a break 
last day of work!!!!  but its summer!!!!! woot
last day off 
last day off before going to school again 
Last day off school today.. 
Last day off today 
last day off, back to school tomorrow  not good.
Last day on the beach   I need to come back. Soon!
last day on the one show today  a little bit sad.
Last day ta @ATI_UT   I'm going to miss the office mirth.
Last day teaching my 3 and 4 yos in Promiseland. 
Last day to see my Solo TODAY!!!!  http://post.ly/sp9
last day today 
Last day today. Will be moving downstairs tomorrow.  I will miss my healthy isolation
Last day today. Will I cry. I hope now!! 
Last day was today and i already want to go back 
Last day with friends......   ...sad day!
Last day with Goljan 
last day with internet.. what will i do with no net for a whole week!  lol
Last day with Jayter-gator 
last day with laura. 
last day with my favourite uncle  gonna close up this bike deal TODAY
last day with the aunts.  
last day working at NEH is June 26th 
last day working at the nursery 
Last day! English final  Happy Birthday Jaaack Barakat!!!! Ooh and yes the millioniares did get signed to decay dance... FML!
Last day! Sitting at lunch in Malibu. 17 Miles to go.  gonna miss everybody. Experience of a lifetime! Ps registering for ALC 9!! #ALC8
Last day. Im on my way to school and im already sad 
Last day. Why is it raining? I hope it stops by 6. 
Last day....  and  !!!!!!
Last days in NYC I really didnt get to do that much on my list. O well  But am so glad to be going home.
Last days... But working days... 
last dayy of placementt   ;; last dayy of school tomorroww 
Last dayyy , moving really really slow .  http://yfrog.com/0qjb2cj
Last dinner with Lauren before she moves out. 
Last Dollhouse on tv this Friday? 
Last drive to KTIS for a while   Cant wait 4 this construction to be done!
last eight days of vacation! 
last episode of college hill south beach next week  that was some good ish
last episode of Jay Leno. was okay. expected more..  
Last episode of The Tonight with Jay Leno  good luck Conan, ill still be watchin Leno in the fall in primetime!
last evening in braintree  home tomorrow. ho hum.
Last evening, standing by the door on the train, I realized &quot;I don't have the capacity to love, anymore&quot; 
Last ever Boston Legal. . . 
Last ever Tubridy Show  Imma miss him, but I'm glad he's taking over The Late Late Show. It hasn't been the same since Gay left
Last exam - Last exam tomorrow! (finally :/) Biology  I hate it Great… http://tumblr.com/xrx1xvle6
Last exam of engineering... Of course, sans project presentation... Hurrah? Well, I am definitely going to miss my friends and college 
Last exam today  txu ru ru! am heading to leeds later tonight  am gonna see Noel this saturday! AM GONNA DIE!
Last exam today! Woop woop! Got a long day tho; Music Tech now, then Drama exam then Chay's dance thing til 5pm 
Last exam today!! Then I'm home free for a whole 36 hours. After that... back to work  
Last Exam today, but is feeling VERY nervous about it. 
Last exam tomorrow!  Bitesizee gamess! -- Fun stuff (Y) 
Last family dinner tonight for over a month.. 
Last few days in Mumbai! 
Last few days with my choir, i'm so sad i will miss them. I wish i could take them with me to Oregon, but sadly i cannot. 
last few hours before the exam... still need some rest but have some to look over some things 
last few hours in LA! Heading down to see Kathryn in Hermosa before hopping over to LAX this afternoon 
Last first day back ever. OMG this is ruuuubbish!  hold me.
last foster's are coming on tonight.  
Last FOTC has left me somewhat unfulfilled  Jono's show was quality, top shelf (to tell  you the truth/as you do - give 110%)
last foto, last lunch, last day  looking forward to getting home decent coffee &amp; The English Garden #homeSweethome
Last free night before being on call for a week  Wish I could stop thinking about it and enjoy the evening. 
Last free travel at AP-1  http://yfrog.com/0uvu5j
last full day at home. 
last full day in florida  but excited to get home and see my babee &lt;3
last full day in lincoln, packing and cleaning 
LAST FULL DAY OF 7TH GRADE. TONIGHT I WANNA CRY  i love rascal flatts
last full day of school for Kirby...tomorrow is early dismissal and last day at OPE.  After tomorrow, he'll be a third grader! WOW! *TEAR*
last full day of school today, then two finals .. ugh 
Last full day... 
last full week of school. :0   i miss her.  &lt;3
last full-ish week of school.  ryannn &lt;3 texttt mee.
Last GA tour date tonight, sad times  Hope everyone going enjoys it!
Last gold day... Except for 5th period i loved gold days 
last good meal before me and the mother start a diet. goodbye my friends the carbs. goodbye pasta. goodbye crisps   *sob*
last gossip girl ever  CHUCK SAYS I LOVE YOU TO BLAIR!
Last guardian, god of war 3, uncharted 2, and even just the title/concept of Agent makes me sad for missing sony, 
Last home ec today  why couldn't it be computer sciences last class.......
Last Honors Choir performance EVER. 
last hour just started, still time to focus on the data model, but - do I want to? - YES I do! Design has to be finished by tomorrow 
Last hours in Nyc  dontwanna go back in france rrrr ..
last hours with rich after dos semanas   triste triste
'Last House On The Left' was horrible  But amazing last night last night, water fights with fire extinguishers at 5am? Yes please
last in series of the big bang theory  love it
Last In&amp;Out before I leave. 
Last iPhone tweet.  selling it, downgrading to my old blackberry for a day, then 32 gb 3GS tomorrow. @bittjt71 do you have them in stock?
Last Jay Leno episode was good, can't wait for Conan to take over this coming monday. In other news, Go Pens. 
Last known Titanic survivor dies   - http://bit.ly/o6m35 #cnn
last late start Monday of the year tomorrow. 
last latin lesson today... kinda sad isn't it?  well it's warm outside so i'm happy ;)
Last lifegroups today 
last london trip, how sad  gonna be grand though
Last lunch with the interns 
Last meeting of the quarter! I'm gonna miss my alpha chi's so much this summer! 
last minute bio revision now before i have a shower, bad times begin tommorow 
Last minute cleaning before work 
Last minute history revision 
Last minute packing! I got Pride &amp; Prejudice and Zombies and The Family by Puzo. Wanted more but books are so expensive!! 
last minute panicking sets me into a &quot;just-pass-can-already&quot; mood. but before that, i've to get pass the &quot;i-know-this&quot; stage. 
Last minute revision, then off to do an exam at 2pm, can't wait for it to be over 
LaSt MiNuTe ShIt MiTe tAkE $$ aWaY 4rM mY tRiP nxT wK  dAmN iTs aLwAyS s0MeN...
Last Monday at Epps   Packing.Packing.Packing!
Last morning of Powette  i miss my baby  and love him very much!
Last night  getting up early tomorrow morning, no way am i going to waste my last half day!
Last night = Buca, Harlot, karaoke. Super tired today. Suipose to go to Sprinkles today (not getting anything) 
Last night at camp  i will miss it lol
Last night at my last ASP 
Last night at the 7207 
Last night at the magnolia and my sisters moving monday 
last night for seeing the parents tonight, then i don't know how long its going to be until i'm home again, sad times people, sad times 
last night got pretty long. @oceanblade was wild as hell. nice...but the music sucked. very disappointed about berlin dj team sick girls 
I've been switching between the Mets and NASCAR today...I miss football. 
i've been to the doctor's and now i have to study maths  later im gonna go to the doctor's again, damn -.-
i've been tossing and turning for over an hour. 5AM. what the heck. i'm going to take cold medicine or something. 
i've been trying to attach files to an gmail message and it won't send. why won't it work 
I've been trying to post for the last hour to no avail 
I've been trying to update the blog but im to lazy! LBP is fun but i have the old 20 gig witch doesnt have wifi 
I've been unsuccessfully trying to update my iphone all day long.  I want to go see the hangover.
I've been up for an hour with horrible stumoch pains errr. And i remembered that i have a cooks meeting at work which is more painful. 
i've been up for over an hour. wahhh! i couldn't sleep last night for some reason. too bad today isnt friday 
I've been up since 8, I still have 1 and a half to 2 hours until I get home, then I have to wake up at 6. 
I've been used to staying at upscale hotels for my NKOTB travels, now I gotta budget, and it sucks  lol
I've been waiting for so long....and nothing 
ive been waiting for the morning where i wake up and im not sick... hasnt happened yet 
I've been waiting my whole life for tomorrow night. It's a shame, 'cause it's pretty much impossible for it to live up to my expectations 
i've been waking up too early.   can't wait 'til i can sleep in next week!!
i've been wasting a few of my shopping vouchers away recently cz they're all expired. gahhhhh so much for saving on my spendings. 
I've been watching I Am Legend so much lately and ALWAYS cry when he has to...take care of Samantha. Also: I am so sunburnt. 
I've been with my boyfriend for a few years, he is unsure if he wants to move in with me... Help!  (via #zenjar )
I've been without internet for only a couple days, but I'm starting to get upset.  I got shit to do, son. 
I've been without power and Internet for over 24 hrs now 
I've blown a fuse, the tin opener doesn't work, the doorbell has gone flat and the flaps come off my letterbox! I need a handyman 
is miserable 
is miserable! The Lakers won n Im sick again! 
is missin his baby  doin homework all night long.
is missin his bfffffffffffffffffffff 
Is missin his son this Father's Day!!! Damn i love my son! This some hard shit! 
Is missin my @mimichoc nobody told her ass to better herself and take summer classes 
is Missin' my boo to the fullest!! Definitely hope that these next 2 wks. fly past cuz I'm missin' him like crazy 
is missing 
is missing @juanoq17 &amp; doesn't want to think about packing tomorrow ! 
is missing @Kiran_Singh @PinkOrchidSU @shaifP love you allll! 
is missing @mystyluvsmolly! miss u heapssssss (theres no one to call  and annoy! luv the annoying one xxx
is missing @ruckuus so much 
is missing a certain boy  &amp; wishing this thing on my neck would disappear already - sick of receiving weird looks. lol
is missing a certain person of a certain past time. i hope all is well with him. and i wish i was going to the ATL this weekend. 
is missing a lot of people  http://plurk.com/p/z543a
is missing a region in SL 
Is missing Ana Ivanovic 
is missing Bgirl already   Won't see her until we get back home in a week or so...
is missing bubby sooo much ahhh 
is missing Cancun 
is missing charleston 
Is missing death cab tonight bc i have a final tmrw 
is missing DW...wish you were home 
Is missing every1 from the hudd 
is missing everyone and everything that i do with them...  http://plurk.com/p/112jvt
is missing faye and casey   http://plurk.com/p/ozgw2
is missing Fernando with a passion. 
is missing hanging out with my nursing friends tonight 
is missing her best friend   but hoping the happy, cold couple is having a good time and does not forget the Imo's Pizza.
Is missing her BFFL right now  Alicia get ur bum over here right now!  -Vanessa ?
is missing her blackberry 
is missing her boy very much as he has gone back to finish his army training 
is missing her boyfriend so very much todaaaayy!!  http://plurk.com/p/13xe47
is missing her bumblebee but do not know what to do 
is missing her childhood friends a lot!.  http://plurk.com/p/z2uml
is missing her crazy officemate. 
is missing her first-sunday-of-the-month evening plans 
is missing her friends from poynter 
is missing her hubby right now... 
is missing her man and can't see him tell sunday when he is done with work.  cause he has to work. stupied work. lol jk. its cool
is missing her roo and totally ready to be over this stupid sickness....arghhh 
is missing her sister's b-day dinner cause my client's are too demanding of me 
is missing his baby blue who's out of town 
Is missing his bear alot right now, mash...  
is missing his favourite friend 
last night hd a bad headache, dis mornin had stomach pains, den while crakn sum nutz cut my finger den the hammer got my finger  how sad!
last night i dreamt i failed both my exams  eeek
last night i dreamt i moved to florida and lived inside cindarellas castle and had lots of servants..then i woke up 
Last night I had 1/2 a bottle of wine in my house and 2 cocktails. Came home sober but still gonna be sick 
last night i had a dream that i had chick-fil-a. kinda realllllly wish i had some now 
Last night I just sliiped by water bottle in my open CPU cabinet and my machine stopped working !  (@alexfraiser, thats why i was offline)
last night i like killed myself and my arm is all messed up now. haha I fell like flat on my facelong story how it happened such a klutz 
last night I slept late.. so.. =D i've just woken up!! .. is so embarrassing  .. 
Last night I waded through some grass and now I've got itchy bumps on my legs   
Last night I was with DJ ASHBA ♥ It was... hot ♥ ....... okay it was just a dream  F**K :-S http://www.myspace.com/tannajoy
Last night in Austin! Sad 
last night in AZ 
Last night in Bridgewater while my non-roommates still live here. Weird.... 
Last night in Budapest and back to Scotland tomorrow.  Need to find a good site to upload pictures with captions for y'all - suggestions?
Last night in California. 
Last night in chicago  I might actually miss it.
Last night in Chicago!  Making it one for the record books. Wrigley most likely? See you there?! 
Last night in FL  watching the game then bed.. Up at 430 uuugh
Last night in Galveston!!  AAAmazing week but ready for some real sleep!
Last night in Hawaii  but to cool off- our unofficial HI jam &quot;I've heard this song!&quot;: Collie Buddz &quot;She Gimme Luv&quot; ? http://twt.fm/137356
Last night in hawaii! 
last night in KY 
last night in lismore  wishing the guys were here to make it less boring
last night in montreal 
Last night in munich  haven't had the chance to drink as much beer as I should hah - very rainy :/
i've blown my nose so many times today i had to put pawpaw ointment on it to make it stop hurting!!! 
I've broke my $50 headphone this night. I'm really sad 
ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red 
I've burnt my tounge with soup 
I've caught a cold 
i've caught the fluuu..*catch* 
I've changed my mind iPhone OS 3.0 bites a big one! 
I've checked my iPhone order status 10 times today. Still not shipped 
i've come for my ID twice, but the man said it's not yet finished... it's been 5 days, and it's not yet finished?! soo not cool... 
I've come to realize it's always the same 20 or so people I'm following writing all the tweets Generally people I don't care about either 
I've come to the conclusion that Lady GaGa really scares the shit out of me! 
I've come to the realization that it's time to place some distance between me and certain people in my life. 
i've completed my top 3 tasks for the day, now its time to do some house work 
ive cut my leg open :'( it wnt stop bleeding 
i've cut so many photos out i have a blister on my thumb 
Ive decided I am HAPPY about it! This is mostly due to the most horrible physics project known to man being due tommorow. 
I've decided I'm never email @susiesoo again, because she doesn't reply - even when it's the most important thing in the world ever 
I've decided its too lonely in the burbs   Beautiful day outside and no one to play with!! Part time Yaletown condo must be contemplated..
I've decided I've reached the end of my frustration with my best friend. 
I've decided that I would like to move to Charleston, SC!  BUT I don't think I'm getting too far with my husband with that idea 
last night in my apt was fab! now just have to unpack 
last night in newport 
