Just got finished watching marley and me, and I cried like a fucking baby...I'm missing my beast like crazy! 
Just got friji milkshake everywhere!! 
Just got from the volleyball game! It was really awesome, but I didn't get the chance to take a picture with any player 
is very poor  43p/day for the next 42 days. That's possible, right?
Is very quickly loosing patince with boys. 
is very sad  ...
is very sad  i need a friend but de all asleep 
is very sad  no seriously..... i can't do this anymore
is very sad because everyone has left her 
is very sad because his dog has acute gastritis      
is very sad for our troops in Afghanistan and their families here..  http://bit.ly/17s3lP http://plurk.com/p/12qxv3
Is VERY sad that he broke his wife's decorative spoon. 
is very sad to be getting ready to say goodbye to my little brother at his memorial tomorrow.  
is very sad to hear of the passing of 6ABC's Gary Papa. He was a staple of Philadelphia sports reporting and will be missed very much.  
is very sad. 
is very sick right now. 
is very sleepy...slept almost 2am..woke up @ 7am...wahhhh... 
is very tempted to go swimming at Tony's mom &amp; dad's today.  Too bad I had a little cold 
is VERY THE FAR-KING hungry right now. I need food..food.. but guess what? no food! yupp, no food to eat. okay i regret not having dinner 
is very tierd and in need of some jerk chicken from auntie lilies 
is VERY tired  *falls asleep*
is very tired . 
is very tired and coldy 
is very tired from folding ingots for the past 4 days. 
is very tired on her first day. 
Is very tired tonight. Had a bunch of company over and now I'm exhausted!! Just didn't have the energy for it today. 
is very tired, has a headache, and wants to kickbox ! 
is very unhappy today!! 
is very upset about and for Nadal 
is very upset about her brother being such an ass 
is very upset that everyone is leaving her today...last night in London until september 
is very upset that its the weekend and she can't spend it w/ her hubby 
is very upset that my lsu pretty princess balloon hat has popped 
is very very hungery 
is very very ill  &amp; wants JLS  to come back to Plymouth =D x
IS VERY VERY SAAAAD. 
is very very sleepy and doesn't feel good 
Is very very tired 
is very very very sad that she can't go see @mileycyrus in concert in October.  shes the love of ma life!
Just got gum all over my hands 
just got handed a basketful of lemons....  
just got harrassed by the security staff of my own building for taking a photo of a work collegue outside in the street 
Just got her SAT score. I got exactly what I wanted, but not what my parents wanted. Hello October SATs. 
Just got here. And my dad didn't let me drive because of a game wardent. 
Just got hit in the boob with a tennis ball 
just got hom and im kind of sad  t man where are you with that funny shit
just got home 
Just got home  back to reality
just got home  but no one is here  i hate being alone! i miss ru ru
just got home  roxy had fun with you, tita imy  badly.
Just got home .. Time to study 
Just got home a little bit ago, took a very refreshing shower...have an urge to run, but it's too dang hot outside &amp; the gym is far away 
Just got home about 10minutes ago. I've felt so sick the whole day.  but work was good.
Just got home after a good night. Tired now tho and I've got so much stuff to do 
Just got home after a total of 9 hours sitting in a car. The sun was splitting the sky with 25 degree heat. Not a good mix 
just got home after killing a possum 
Just got home after long movie. Just missed 9 train, so had to wait til 10  Katherine made a scene on the train voicing her opinion as ...
Just got home after the amazing sleepover.I swam twice when i was there.Fun! Me and Dina ate at the A&amp;W after check out. Really stiff now 
just got home and is feeling lonesome. No chatting tonight. 
Just got home and it is almost bedtime already.. Got to get up early tomorrow. 
Just got home and it's weird....I miss my other home at the lodge.  I don't hear my waterfalls. 
Just got home and my head is pounding like crazy 
just got home and needs to be up for her marathon at 445  
just got home and our air went out!! ugh waiting for air condition man...stinks cant go go six flags now.. always something 
Just got home and yeah, I miss my girl. Still 10 days away to see her  not cool!
just got home ehh im almost done with my shake 
just got home from a 2job wayyyy tooo long day.. FML and the mail i was expecting is still not here 
just got home from a dance practice... *tired... my days are always exhausting... blah. blah. 
Just got home from a family BBQ and am now getting ready to go to work! 
Just got home from a job fair... and very little prospects 
just got home from a long night and im not even tired 
just got home from a nice party, just not tired yet 
Just got home from a night of drinks and laughs with good friends. I am now exhausted! I have to get up in less than 3 hours 
Just got home from a really good vacation. Wanted to sleep on the way back, but had to many things on my mind. I need to unpack now. fun! 
just got home from a softball game....we lost 
Just got home from Alex's BBQ. Now time to be sad all day 
Just got home from an eventful evening. Loaded with assessments.. Gonna be a busy week. Swim training commences tomorrow morning 
Just got home from ANOTHER exam .. 4/6, almost there. Detist later on today ..  &amp; karate ..
Just got home from babysitting. I want kids! 
Just got home from baseball and it sucked, we lost horribly... 
just got home from bein w mary i hope she gets better!! im already missin her 
is very very windswept...dats how the morning has been 
is veryyy upset she cant go to hacienda tonight because the stupid nuggets game 
is vewwy lonely. 
Is violently throwing up! Kinda freaked out since I didn't even go out last night  or have one sip of alcohol!! 
is visiting a friend in jail 
is visiting Borobudur Temple... too bad i dont bring my slr cam.. 
Is w/ Grandma Connie &amp;Erica... Heading out to the ropes course.... We're lost 
is waitin  ughhhh
Is waitin ar gas station cause I don't have ant gas and I'm stuck and noone will help me I'm sad 
is waitin for her brother to come in cause he is going to pinch the laptop off me haha  oh well i have been on it for a while now xx
is waiting 2 board her flight 2 LA....goodbye 2 the beautiful taryn...im such a wuss i cryed so much  Me loves ya lots &amp; il call u wen ...
Is waiting 4 a Chubb engineer to call so he can get out of this freezing unalarmed warehouse &amp; back 2 the comfort of his warm office 
Is waiting alone in bar kick, old street London   http://bit.ly/p6Qq0 Waiting for the always late comers !
is waiting and hoping that duff finds her phone 
is waiting for a bus. 
is waiting for a God miracle ; the only kind that God is able to pull. I need some Jesus in my life 
Is waiting for a tow 
is waiting for AAA... battery's dead 
is waiting for britt at seaforth... 2hrs n counting! exactly how i pictured spending my day off!! 
is waiting for her baby boy to go to sleep... 
is waiting for her ice cream and edamame while I sit and think of how sad I will be tomorrow 
Is Waiting For Him Too Call Text Her Buh In The Back Of Her Mind Knows He Wont 
is waiting for his roast dinner chicken takes too long  bad times
is waiting for Iphone 3GS jailbreak 
is waiting for jls to come on the radio, but i have to wait ages! 
is waiting for lilly and lou to wake up 
just got home from Borders. More homework 
just got home from breakfast with my family for mothers day... need to do homework now 
just got home from bruno's party.i cant sleep!insomnia again.i saw some amateurs vids on the news about iran.so disturbing n sad 
just got home from CA. Had an AAAMMAAAZING time, don't want to go back to the real world 
just got home from checking out the Broadwater Mariner Resort! Its definately what Geraldton Needs!!! Love it i want to buy one 
just got home from chicago! soo much fun! i miss johnny? 
Just got home from church.  Wish it was warmer today, I really wanted to golf!!  
Just got home from Citifield!! Mets lost 
just got home from class. tired and sleepy. 
Just got home from college really wants to see Britney again 
Just got home from Covington. Just got finisd readin a book. Just thought about how have 2 read 3 summer assignment readings. SHIT~ 
Just got home from dance rehearsal with Andrew and Rebecca. I''m really tired so it's time for bed soon 
Just got home from dance rehearsal with Andrew and Rebecca. I'm really tired so it's time for bed soon 
just got home from daniel's house, the hangover is finally wearing off and i'm ready to go to bed and die, only to wake up in nine hours 
just got home from Deni, miss eliza already 
just got home from doing the big shop totally munched out because i was so starving and im at weigh in in the morning oops 
just got home from Dubbo. and oh wow i am tireddd 
Just got home from Dylans sleepova it was only misty and I who went LOL  oh well we still had fun hehe!
Just got home from exam no. 2, My grandma just died 
just got home from fishin.  No luck 
just got home from gettin a drink but now i want chips  if i only would of thought of it while i was out, oh well nothin i cant handle :p
Just got home from grocery shopping, my feet is kinda killing me, and i gotta pee like a river but i'm too lazy to move 
Just got home from hanging out w. Friends. I want to cuddle 
just got home from hanging out with the gang. annie leaves  it came too fast.. i love you!!!
Just got home from having starbucks with @Ro0ckero0.....and @Rockeromexicano didn't want to come with us 
just got home from HHW. burning hot in our apt and i have to get up for work in 4 hours. damn. 
just got home from hobart    soo tired, spent all my money   at least i got a really cool element hoodie!    score!
Just got home from house hunting.  Not much out there 
Just got home from ikaikas graduation party. Don't want him to go 
Just got home from Kettle. tmo going to the airport to say goodbye to Nicole. 
Just got home from le Mansion and waving Flora face off  and now to clean the house...
is waiting for my wife to get home and am helping coach job hunt....not many jobs out there 
Is waiting for the 3.0 jailbreak.   Is working tomorrow morning 
is waiting for the estate agent to do valuation. oh joy. *sigh* i need to be in the funhouse  pink baby come back!!!!
is waiting for the network repair guys. 
is waiting for the train 
Is waiting for xbox Live to come back 
is waiting hopelessly for Futur Music Magazine JUNE 2009 ! 
is waiting hopelessly Futur Music Magazine JUNE 2009 ! 
is waiting in anticipation of the Microsoft E3 Press conference shame its not until 6:25pm out time,  #xboxe3
Is waiting in the drs office for kadence to get 5 shots 
Is waiting on another delayed flight 
is waiting patiently for @Therapeutic_C to come home 
is waiting so impatiently for this rain ... but is a bit discouraged by the &lt; 1/10th inch forecast.  
is waiting to fail my german test tommoz! great 
is waiting to get his teeth cleaned and praying there's no cavaties... 
is waiting. 
is waitingggg 
is waking up in beautiful Venice, Italy! Working a flight to NYC 
just got home from makati  http://plurk.com/p/vhwdx
Just got home from mikes and dashas go away bash!!! You'll be missed guys. 
Just got home from my bike ride and working the drowned 'rat' look really well. So where's the BBQ summer we were promised then 
Just got home from my camping trip at Lake Morena. I got so badly sunburnned this morning during our hike  war wounds, indeed.
just got home from my first class.. quickly becoming a sommelier. and now im eating some mcdonalds- wish i had some honey mustard 
just got home from my first ever ballet class.  it was really fun but my legs hurt now!  also really afraid i will never get better 
just got home from my first exam, so sleepy 
just got home from Olive Garden, it was terrible. 
Just got home from our weekend and getting Phoebe from one house to another! Aaaahhh...We are really bad people for Phoebe 
just got home from playing basketball. miss playing it on a daily basis 
Just got home from Podcamp Ohio! It was amazing and met a lot of cool people. Lost my laptop bag  #pco09
just got home from ralphs, walmart, and omegas house to help her feel better.  SATs tomorrrrow! 
Just got home from school . . . THANK GOD !!! - going 2 get my assignments done 
Just got home from school the simulado was hard 
Is walking back to the school to take her science regent 
Is walking in my sleep at work 
Is walking to school for stats revision. Probably going to be late but oh well. Foot hurts 
Is wantin to hold a TN/TX boyy in my arms right now 
is wanting it to be sunny! neeed to getting a effing tan! 
is wanting some lunch but i to tired to make it 
is wanting someone to spend her summer evening with whilst she's in such a nice relaxed mood ! 
is wanting someone to teach her chinese!! mandarin or cantonese i'm not bothered. but tutors are just so darn rare these days 
is wanting to be back at the beach 
is wanting to be back in Nashville 
is wanting to change his pic but cant 
Is wanting to go stay at jos's i miss him too much and i miss My bed  xo
is wanting to go up to pleasanton, and worried about her grandma. 
is wanting to ride mx 2morow...but cant 
is wants to see her tweety bird sooner cos its hard  no im lonley
is warning you, if a physio tells you they want to do 'soft tissue manipulation' this, in fact, means they want to KILL you and be EVIL!! 
is washing ALL the sheets and blankets in the house today... stupid flea ridden cat!  Dirty little flea bag! 
Is wasting my time - I give up 
is watchin candy girls......why cant i b in a video......sux dey mainly use american girls 
is watchin jeremy kyle, feelin rough 
is watchin the rain outside 
Is watching #UP, heard it's good, too bad the 3D showtime is sold out had to see it in regular D 
just got home from school, it's raining  OW! i just poked myself in the eye... that was smart lol
just got home from school. gotta work and cut my nails 
just got home from school. i'm so tired 
just got home from school. need to finish retail group assignment 
Just got home from school. Telly will be gone till the weekend ... 
just got home from seeing UP..for sucha little kids movie it was really sad  but funny too!!
just got home from shooting with jennhoffman. i haven't stopped.  i need a nap so bad.  wah wah wah complainnnnn grrr!
Just got home from shopping  I hate spending money
Just got home from shopping school supplies and stuffs for school. :| Acck. Going back to school, *not a good idea* 
Just got home from shopping school supplies and stuffs for school. :| Acck. Going back to school? *not a good idea* 
just got home from shopping. my new dvd player wont play on my tv 
Just got home from spending $250 at the grocery store and SICK about it  Somebody, Please Cheer Me Up
just got home from sydney eisteddfod, finally. Thru to final next Sunday, didn't win other final, lost to PLC 
Just got home from taking Lynsey to the airport. It's cold and snowing hear.  I think they said the high today was only in the 20's. 
just got home from the A's game they lost  but on the plus side i got some good pix of Zito XD
Just got home from the bank, the teller was definitely hitting on me. Not interested. 
Just got home from the BEA &amp; it was kinda boring (2 me) this year  but hung out with some GREAT authors &amp; co-workers!
Is watching @fox25news in HD! then bed...school in the am  only 7 more days!
Is watching @fox25news. Bed soon..work at 7AM  with @EmmmmV !!!
Is watching @TEYANATAYLOR live because she is hot!!! and she is the shittt. &quot;A biggg shitttt&quot; but idk what that means.  lol
is watching 1 liter of tears :'-( (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/x65p5
is watching a horror in her room ..alone :| i need someone to snuggle down the covers with if bits get scarrreweee 
Is watching a movie with his sick son 
Is watching a very very funny movie in hbo after done all of my works. And I'm going to take a sleepppp. Owya tomorrow I have an exams!!! 
Is watching Australian master chef and wishes she studied hospitalty 
is watching casualty now and will watch the apprentice in a minute. So tired after today 
is watching CNN and is deeply saddened by the Air France tragedy.  http://plurk.com/p/y33s6
is watching crap on tv as always 
Is watching Denzel (the dog) trying to catch flies!  and should really be heading back to work about now..... 
is watching Detective Conan Movies on youtube  amazing. I fell ill  Shit. Hurricane on Friday.
is watching disney channel: lion, witch, wardrobe. its sad. 
Just got home from the bf's. He's going away for the week.. Gonna miss him so much 
Just got home from the Dayton Dragon's game. I don't feel like going to bed yet. I'm bored...Don't know what to do 
Just got home from the dentist...feeling blahhhhhhhhh 
just got home from the eye doctors and supermarket majior headache got new glasses ewwww yuck 
just got home from the fashion show rehersal... listening to depressing music to aid in my depression 
Just got home from the gym and hubby went to the office to pick up his lap top since he is leaving tomorrow on his business trip   Thi ...
Just got home from the gym.  Another hot day.  It think we are going to hit 106 this week. Just found out Nate is out of town again 
just got home from the hookah lounge it was iight feeling kinda sick 
Just got home from the lake. Sunburnt and tired! 
Just got home from the mall and dinner. Back to work tomorrow 
just got home from the movie it was great altough it made me sad that rexy didnt appear much  but oh well it was cooooooooooool
just got home from the movies no ones phone is oni wanna go out. 
Just got home from the salon. My hair's back to dark brown... 
just got home from Trinoma and SM. i was a bit upset 'cause all the kids i saw there have their dads with them. 
just got home from watching &quot;knowing&quot;.  It had so much potential to be good.  
is watching EDF energy cut someones electric supply off and is a little phased by it.... 
Is watching fight club and is kinda lonely 
is watching Grand Designs because she can't find a place to watch the Bulls vs the Chiefs 
is watching her day dose of Justice League after already having watched some Xmen Evolution. A good day, but misses Ephaba. 
Is watching highlights of last nights cricket.  and also wording about Abby at her job interview
Is watching his grams pass away. 
is watching Inside 9/11 on the National Geographic Channel.. WOW.. this show kills me.. So SAD  &lt;3
is watching Katie and Peter as she missed it last night 
Is watching Mall Cop with K, wishing I had chocolate pie  freakin Jason anyway.
Is watching Maury...shit, I am the father 
is watching Mean Girls and missing his epic friends! 
Just got home from work and about to relax and watch the END of Medium 
just got home from work and sooo tired  and gotta work tomorrow morning
Just got home from work at 9:00 pm and there is sooo much more to do!  Crapola!
Just got home from work hope today is a better day pls god let it get better  good night till I tweet later bye
just got home from work n no-one is home 
just got home from work sooo tired..i miss my baby 
just got home from work! 
Just got home from work, I'll try and squeeze in a workout since I &quot;need to lose weight before I can get tone&quot; 
just got home from work, now staying up till who knows doing this gay research paper 
just got home from work, via the pub. missed the last bus home so had to walk for an hour. it's too hot. 
Just got home from work. 
just got home from work. Billy Cat missed me! back to work in 9 hours 
Just got home from work. Dreading History and Geometry finals tomorrow. 
just got home from work. i can hardly feel my legs right now... 
Just got home from work. My feet hurt again 
just got home from work. suffered all morning sunburn blisters killing me slowly but surely 
Just got home from work. What possessed me to leave my DS at home today? Boringest day ever. Also, I forgot to charge my phone. 
just got home from work.. gotta be up at 5a for inventory. hating life 
Just got home from work.. My feet are killing me 
just got home from work...gonna go to bed cuz i have to get up at 6 in the morning for work yet again 
just got home from working a looooong 11hr shift. . .dang im sore 
just got home from working overtime.... 5:30am..... *yawwwwn* 
just got home gonna spend the evening with my love gonna make him steak tonight..my monkey's had a long day!! 
Is watching Mightly boosh!! yay! ugh had the worste science exams ever! 
is watching missing pieces.. so heart breaking  makes you thankful for all you have..
is watching Mock the Week and is slowing cooking 
is watching movies, being lazy wishin' i had someone to cuddle with 
Is watching old youtube performances of Destiny's Child..ican't sleep LOL 
is watching Pride and Prejudice&lt;3333 saddest part in this movie 
is watching rab ne bana di jodi..and angry that she didnt see srk in san fran this wknd 
is watching rent and will cry. damn it, its just so sad.  ALSO just found out Wicked is being made into a movie with IDINA AND KRISTEN!?
is watching re-runs of series three greys anatomy. it always makes me cry when christina is left at the alter 
is watching scrubs. i have a cold  swine flu !?!? hahaha
Is watching 'Seven Pounds' ALONE 
is watching Spiderman 3! JAMES FRANCO IS THE MAN \m/ 
is watching Studio 60 because I need to be up a few more hours before I can let myself go to sleep. 
is watching supernatural; and gossip girl only stopped in the middle of it   it wasnt even half
is watching T.V. and not feeling so well 
Just got home hanging out with my friends ...tomorrow is the last day aww 
just got home hurah!!! busy day, my feet hurt  now for the wine! 
Just got home in time to turn on the TV &amp; hear Texas had a major comeback to beat ASU -- Didn't even have a chance to get my rally cap on 
Just got home pooped out 
just got home sadly has work soon 
just got home since leaving super early! feet in pain.  oh! and i saw cindy at heb :o
just got home soo tiredd.... missin you nikki 
JUST GOT HOME TIRED.......... I NEED A NAP 
Just got home today from the Hospital. Went in Friday at 4 with the girls and Aubrey got herself admitted. Then I caught what she had! 
Just got home! 
just got home! i need to copy the rules and regulations for chem 
just got home! im exhausted! time 2 get some shut eye! had a GREAT WEEKEND! can't believe it's already monday! i HATE mondays!!! 
just got home! n im bearly able to charge my phone  i think im guna hit the sack
Just got home&amp;mum decided2have a faint attack.I obviously panicked&amp;called an ambulance.She got really angry with me&amp;said i was stupid. 
Just got home, and can't wait to be home  I got 20 working days. I hope! I miss my wife and lil boy!!
Just got home, and I didn't get drunk.  
Just got home, finally I felt home sick 
just got home, from having dinner, with a good &quot;friend&quot;  He's so nice....he's leaving to Puerto Rico...i'm really gana miss him 
Just got home, ready 2 crash, been to see my papaw, just found out he has cancer and lots of it   Need prayers!!  Ltr.
just got home, really tired  mikes was fun though! lol
Just got home, watching the Other Sister, there's so many sad parts 
just got home, work at 2..dont really have time to take a nap  i need to eat, wash my face, do my hair and makeup 
just got home,gave chris a bath, totally exhausted,,and i cant find my phone 
just got home.  gin&amp;tonics went down so well...danced w/ my bitches but had to skip the afterparty cuz of the ouchies 
Just got home.  Noticed one of my fish lagging at the bottom of the tank.  I don't think Mary-Kate is gonna make it.  Totally bummed. 
just got home. :| apparently, a truck of softdrinks fell apart.  idontknow, i dont get it either.
Just got home. Can't believe I stayed awake for 2hrs driving. Today was lots of fun and misses her yoyo 
Just got home. Didn't find my surprise for the kid   anyways time to do some reading for class. Double  I hope this coffee kicks in!
just got home. didn't tweet all day because my stupid iphone twitter app wouldn't let me 
Just got home. English class was an epic fail, I miss our previous adviser.  they grilled us top students in History! omg, I felt nervous!
just got home. feeling drained  thinking tonight will be me crashed on the couch with a movie.
Just got home. Good afternoon, although I forgot to get my lightbulb. 
just got home. goshh so tired 
just got home. got in a big argument with one of my ferends. whas her fault. i dont kncare what she says she will cant be forgiven 
Just got home. Hail on ground - some places half an inch thick. Plants not all too happy.  - http://mobypicture.com/?ae17ea
Is watching tattoo roadtrip and having ink withdrawals 
is watching the *surprise* hailstorm pounding her flowers...  
Is watching The Apprentice on iPlayer XD gutted there's no more James 
is watching the babarians on tv digital txt, or whatever its called!!! 
Is watching the biggest loser and feeling guilty. 
is watching the CLASSIC movie...ACE VENTURA...didn't catch it from the beginning though  you know what i'm talkin bout!
is watching the cmt awards and wishing kenny was there 
is watching the episode of Degrassi where Manny finds out she's pregnant 
Is watching the fashion show wishing it was sunny so i could go lay out but it looks more like a storm outside 
is watching the finale of The Hills ... I'm gonna miss Lauren!!! 
is watching The Game on BET still pissed it was cancelled. 
is watching the lakers vs nugs (go nugs!) side note: missing my bestie right now  ben
is watching the last temptation of christ, drinking sangria, and is very all by myself. 
is watching The Lion King and is crying... waaaah. Mufasa died. 
Is watching the Philadelphia Phillies lose 
is watching the pursuit of happiness its sad 
Is watching the tonight show without jay leno  Sob, sniff, sniff....
is watching the vhi top 20 video countdown...back hurts!!! 
just got home. i think i'm coming down with a cold. 
Just got home. I was locked out in the heat 
Just got home. I'm exhausted. This weekend was, I think, the worst weekend of my life.  Time for school in 2 1/2 hours. Yay... D;
Just got home. It's hot here in San Francisco too...I want to go back to L.A. already 
just got home. listening to @heymonday.. i dont think it rained today 
just got home. Now, i'm lying on the couch. Too lazy to change or even just to gup in my room. i don't want to do my geom hw..  and i  ...
Just got home. Saw drag me to hell tonight. So freaking scary. I'm gonna have nightmares.  i miss her so much and love her.
Just got home. Snuggles is staying overnight. Her first time. 
just got home. sooo tired wanna sleep but parents have loud music downstairs with mates 
Just got home. Soooo effing confuse. 
just got home. was flying in the sky but not anymore. 
Just got home. What an interesting night. I can't believe it's already over! 
Just got home. What the hell!! It's only 2:30A.M! What am I doing home so early? *wants to party*  I have had absolutley no funn tonight!
Just got home.. (Pasig) I've going to spend the rest of my summer vacation with my coz..School days are fast approaching... 
just got home.. and i lost my voice 
just got home.. but feeling a headache coming on 
Just got home.. Sweting like a pig soooo gross! Meeting in an hour and a half 
just got home.. tired. and dizzy.. 
just got home... can only tweet from the web until may 15th 
Just got home.... and we have no electricity. Apparently its been out all day. 
In fresno with @xtifferson ! Sooo hot 
In future episodes Kevin likes a girl called Anya, I am having Buffy Jonas Brothers crossovers stuck in my head 
in G1  its well boreingg :|
In geo class I think I failed my final 
In geography boring man! And i need some money for town on saturday 
in Georgia, I don't want to go back to Florida at all. 
In georgia... So far i like it here  still tired though 
In german right now.. Ugh is all i can say. I need my emma  i miss her so much. 2nd show tonight!
In Gladstone. Making NEGATIVE money. Yup. NEGATIVE! I only learned when I had arrived I'm not expected to work til Thur. night. 
In GM (Government Motors) We Trust  http://ping.fm/lrEne we just keep digging the hole deeper 
In going to make him regret notputting an effort in our relationship....... God I miss that boy  I really wish I didnt
In Harlem@ Tonistouch day spa I heart these ladies... Waiting on sum food b/c I may not make it thru my manicure with this empty tummy 
In Hawaii. \o/. My YM wont sign in /o\ @LITTLEWINDMILL , can i get the misfits shirt?  I kinda want it.
in hell 
In hell for the next 5 hrs 
In Henley for Henley Women's Regatta. Manic depressive weather. On my laptop, writing essays before I leave for the US. 
In history class without @alooi. I'm so screwed for the essay, wish me luck! please, it's my final 
In history oh the joy  xxx
in ho chi minh city, every road crossing is a game of chicken. motorcycle vs you; either way, you're bound to lose 
In Hollister trying on jeans... &amp; the Zero is too big for me  WTH? It must just be this pair cuz I have on a zero from here now 0_O
in home stretch for 1/2 marathon on Sunday! hope my blister heals 
Just got home...Vegas was wonderful........oh the memories....back to reality....  
just got home..gonna work again for almost 12 hours tmr... Lemah nak kene bangon pagi2... 
Just got home.Sooo wett, curse this rain!. 
just got homeee  blackberry running low on bats! 
Just got homeeeee... Goodnight. I'm tiweeed 
Just got in after spending 9-7 working, mostly in a dark room... 
Just got in from a few drinks in town to find that the BNP have got a seat in Yorks&amp;Humber. I guess I didn't vote Lib Dem hard enough. 
Just got in from a meeting.. these jokas almost made me cuss!!!  but I got my oil changed and my Fruit and Yogurt Parfait so I am good!!
Just got in from an exhausting day! I still want to party though! Fucked up people killed my day 
Just got in from being out.mum is not here. do not tell her i was late when she gets back or im gonna be more dead than a KFC 
Just got in from lizzies party, wish i was still there though 
just got in from practice.one new song for a b side, new set for a charity show and for the first time ever we'll be doing a cover. up@8 
Just got in the house bout 2 get in the shower. Was going back out but my ankle swollen 
Is watching this is England...goodness me 
Is watching thunder storms. And wishing he was here 
Is watching titanic again....W/ peter....This movie is so sad 
Is watching troy play home.... I'm so bored 
Is watching Tv board  x
is watching UP, and is now a pile of 
is watching Wall*E with the kids at work... I have yet to make it all the way through.  
Is watching Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's on Cartoon Network now! I called my friend if he could come over 2 sk8 but he's at his uncle's house right now. 
is way sad that she can't go to mani/pedi day with the girls, but I'm taking time off soon, and I have to reserve what I have. Boo. 
is way too illin' to go out this day   Perhaps someone could send me well wishes?
is wayyy wayyy jealous of them brazilians and wants to meet mcfly againnnn  (L) @tommcfly
Is wearing penguin wooly jumper! And it's raining 
In honor of those lost at sea near Fernando.. Changing my FB profile pic back to Porcos beach  I hope they find the flight recorders soon!
In hospital waiting room. Wait time as per usual is ridiculous  should have bought some sandwiches and my book......&gt;
In hour 2 of a 3 hour meeting  
In huge q at primark waiting to buy bikini and jammies  got fab new river island bag!
in i.t., bad times 
in ict  gaaaaay. hai jamie. cba to do work.
in ICT  xxxxxxxxxx
In ICT ATM OMG  SOOO BORED  Hey Anyway @flamehabbo @DJ_Crofty @harriettaa
in ict once again doing nowt. soo bored. very few people here today again  oh well i have martha daisy and zoe. 3 DAYS till leave me.
in Illinois for the night....at a campground, but it's not a KOA  WTF
In Illinois, the management does not care about your convenience, at least as applied to protective toilet seat covers. Not even at McDs 
in IPT just chilling to the lies of &quot;im yours' (jason mraz) and using the 256k throtteled connection the school has  , love you all!
in isolation till fri. studying for my exam and writing my paper 
in IT and cant find anyone 
In IT it's boring 
In IT really bored!!!! 
In ITC, how gay 
in jail my  piercings  closed up 
IN Jamaica..enjoying the hot sun.....i don't want to leaaaaave 
In Judges Chambers chillin.. Just like the old days  bout to go out and watch her lock ppl up.. Exciting
in Kansas City on biz for GHA.   Ug, another hotel room....  
in Korea....  i miss the phillippines
in ktown missing some seoul of korea 
In L&amp;D triage not in labor just sick as a dog 
is what I'm reading correct?? NKOTB have cancelled to OZ tour?? please tell me it's not true 
Is wide awake but its far too early!  love my new hair tho! Hello red head. X
is wide awake! 8) Need to pack! 
is wide awake, not by choice  I need more sleep!!
IS WIDEAWAKE AND SHITTIN HERSELF SCARED BOUT GOIN LONDON  SHITTTTTTT NOT LONG NOW THIS TIME 2MORROW I WILL B IN LONDON :O !!
Is wish i could talk to my uncle.  i feel sad
is wishfully thinking you'd walk through the door... hmm 
is wishin I could have found out from you instead of a friend...wow thats a sucker punch to the heart.  
is wishing alex would come see me.... 
is wishing everything with the bf was going a little better.. 
is wishing he could see his daughter on Father's day  maybe the wifey will hook up the video chat later..
is wishing he didn't have to leave 
is wishing he was at Coachella 
is wishing he was at work 
is wishing her ABG class was an ABC class  
is wishing her mom, Mimi, and aunts (aunt-mom) a very happy mother's day...I just missed them before they went to church 
is wishing her phone was working cause i dnt get to text or talk   aaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is wishing I had a larger itouch to fit wikipedia 
Is wishing I was at my cousins bachlor party 
is wishing I was not too klutzy for a motorcycle..i think it would fall under the stupid stuff to hurt my back category 
is wishing i was with my line sisters eating cinnamon rolls, eggs and bacon 
Is wishing i was with my man 
is wishing it was this time last week... 
Is wishing it were easier to breath. 
is wishing Kyle would have more support at graduation tonight.  
is wishing luck for 2morrow test  http://plurk.com/p/udkaw
is wishing she could be in harrisonburg with everyone tonight 
is wishing she could be in St Louis for teh @LKHamilton signing for SKIN TRADE. I want my book so bad but have to wait until tomorrow. 
Just got in the office.. kinda lazy.. my gosh.. I'm close to being fed up by my work.. 
just got in to philosophy.. Absolutely dread this lesson  xx
just got in...going to bed. work in the am 
just got in...now even more sunburmt..early night tonight didnt get in until 1.30am last night  two exams tomorrow too 
Just got infected by some antivirus malware. Bloody Windows 
Just got Infinite Jest in the mail today! Sadly it came with Edith Hamilton's Mythology which I must read for AP English Lit. 
Just got inspired to create a website that hopefully makes money. Too bad I have finals this week 
Just got insurance for my first car... I don't like money anyway 
Just got internet. it is 12:17AM here. I'm very exhausted  Love you all
just got into bed, jess won't cuddle me back 
just got into the office from LA Live Lakers parade and celebration, woohoo! ...now I have to work 
just got into work and having my porridge...where's the sun gone 
Just got kicked out of my house so tile can be finished.  Can't wait for life to be back to normal. 
Just got kicked out of wadeys office 
Just got like a million screen caps from the t4 thing and my ipod is taking ages to sync.. 
Just got LKH Blood Noir in a paperback, can't remember if I read the hardback already 
just got locked out for 2 and a half hours 
just got my ;);) on...should I go back to sleep now? hubby is going to work 
Just got my annual rejection letter from BMI today. Oh, well.    Who wants to go out for a drink?
Just got my arse whooped repeatedly in COD5 
Just got my ass handed to me in tennis. No fun. 
Just got my avalanche of Qwitter emails. All 42 (many repeated) of them in under a minute. 
is wishing she could see him 
is wishing she could write quickly...four hours to produce 1000 words is ridiculous 
Is wishing she didnt have to go to work 
is wishing she had cake!!!! 
Is wishing she had enough money to travel with her best friend in Europe 
Is wishing she was at home getting on with her college work 
is wishing she was at Leaky Con 
is wishing she'd gotten that goodbye kiss 
Is wishing that Court and I lived closer to each other, like WAY closer 
is wishing that her best friend didn't have to move 
is wishing that ill feel better soon!! (i think im coming down with the flu!!) 
is wishing that iTunes was allowed to have True Blood for purchase after each episode 
Is wishing that they would hurry up and cure Hayfever 
is wishing the bloody job market looked a bit more promising...only 2 bloody jobs I can apply for today!! 
is wishing the SOX were on tonight. Guess I have to do the housework instead 
is wishing tomorrow will be easier than today but then comes red day 
is wishing twitter would allow him to use his phone. 
is wishingshe was at a westlife gig! 
is with @armelia waiting for the car to cengkareng airport,ga dateng2 dr jam 4  http://plurk.com/p/11v4tv
Is with Fringy Lindz In Business Studies &amp; Cbaa With It 
is with gabby! No emily 
is with her bf... and can't sleep... and he's not trying to help me either  
is with Kyle at his baseball game, small field in Bernal Heights, no sunshine  ... Brought a book just in case.
just got my calzone... not gunna eat it cause i think my tummy might explode  ow
just got my haircut. 
just got my heart broken... 
Just got my heart brokern yet again!!  Oh well....Next...
just got my ipod conviscated by mr willow  
Just got my ipod hooked up with twitter in my settings going to tweet more often now. Still sick though  good night!
Just got my junk bit... I don't recommend it 
just got my laptop back from Apple.. gonna try to retrieve all my lost data now 
Just got my marks...  BCIT is the death of me I swear!
Just got my Mini-DisplayPort to DisplayPort cable from Circuit Assembly! Works great except for audio  #apple
just got my NEW hair cut.. and watching DAVID A in youtube... hahaha.. i have no chance to watch his concert in mall of asia.. 
Just got my pupils dilated - WTF - my eyes are &quot;twippin'!&quot; 
Just got my report card!!  Actually whent better than i expected......I still have my phone!!!!
Just got my results from my exams   I feel sad!
Just got my results, they were pretty good but my mom said I sucked!  my average is 89.4% from 100% I think that's pretty god, do u?
Just got my secret Twittermail address, it is so randomly ugly it is better off remaining a secret 
Just got my Shelby back. Partially repaired with new damage  ill be there next time.
just got my sked. 7:30 daily ang classes ko. 
Just got my spray tan and ive turned orange 
Just got my stupid retaner fixed ...t was broken...now my teeth hurt  and im about to just ripp it off :@
is without a car for the weekend. 
is witnessing men playing boys with regards to the first test 
is woke up late . 
is woken up by phone calls.  and dishwasher technician. http://plurk.com/p/13qqnm
is wonderin what to do ... bored 
is wonderin why all of a sudden i've got Hayfever!! 
is wonderin why on earth facebook wont let me put my pics on, gettin really fed up of tryin now 
Is wonderin Y KimmyKaye isnt on FB anymore :S..... 
is wonderin y my pic isnt cummin up afta iv downloaded it twice! sum1 help!!!             plz            
Is wondering about this whole being a wife thing...I don't think ill be good at it!  Little things messing with my vacay 
is wondering about where to get a second job. It was hard enough finding just one. 
is wondering how do i download twitterrberrryy  ugh i dunno how to use this  im notba teckybug  wackybug as yASS calls it
is wondering how do u add pictures on here 
is wondering how in the world do I get a sitemap for my blog and what is a sitemap1  agghhh
Is wondering how many minutes of my life I spend waiting for the Outlook BLOATWARE..... 
Is wondering how much it would be to clone my wonderful dog Flower? She is Chow/Kia mix....I am sad  she is living her last year
is wondering how to sort 2 thousand pound out for a really sick 2yr old? i am really stuck in a rut n need help  xxxx
is wondering how you are doing... 
is wondering if ash got home safe, i'm worried 
is wondering if endometriosis is a progressive disease, if it was caught sooner would my fertility be better? 10 yrs for diagnosis 
is wondering if her hubby is dying in this head?  poor guy 
Is wondering if I will ever finish &quot;The Hour I First Believed&quot; 
is wondering if it's coming to an end. 
Is wondering if my ankle will ever stop hurting 
is wondering if she smells? Why else would her two best friends in the world leave her 
is wondering if she will ever get to hear Canadian band Pilot Speed live ... get over to the UK guys. The are touring at the mo in USA 
Is wondering if she's just a source of food, counselling and free smokes to some friends 
is wondering if the Irish weather followed her back to Canada...now if only her boyfriend would do the same 
is wondering if there is any pain worse than a toothache 
is wondering if there's any hope for freshers in marketing and sales! 
Just got my teeth cleaned!  But I have a cavity  time to quit the snacking and brush better
Just got my tooth implant uncovered. Ouch. 
just got n from my morning run on the beach &amp; packing to come back home 
Just got new tires, &amp; now i think my rear axle is about to bust!!  too angry to eat dinner now
just got news my father died today 
Just got off @ the wrong station 
Just got off now gotta go to the dentist!!! 
Just got off of work  Haaw!!
Just got off of work and Im kind of bored 
Just got off of work......time to hit the physics    
Just got off phone with Black Swamp Bird Observatory - No reports of Connecticut Warbler from Metzger or Magee today... 
Just got off the bus and am walking home. Have so much to do tonight as have german oral and history rxam tomorrow!!! 
Just got off the phone with Hayden 
just got off the phone with mo  he keeps mumbing! miss him 
just got off the phone with my bff awh i miss her (shes in lanzorote) *sniff sniff* come home 
just got off the phone with my cool kids in NY. I miss it there soooo much, and miss them like crazy  nothin like that good old E train
Just got off the phone with my dad. He sounds sad. 
Just got off the phone with my Sunshine. Feel hella sick  Goodnight.
Just got off the phone with Seabrook Photography, wants to do a photo shoot tomorrow  It's my day off!
Just got off the phone with the boyfrann, missin him   bed time now! Longgg day tomorrow
Just got off the phone with the mechanic. Starter alone is $300, then plus labor... I am screwed. 
Just got off the phone with the vet, Dixie made it through with flying colors, but is not a happy camper 
just got off work 
just got off work and so tired! Working at CVS tomorrow 10 to 6 then back to summer school  Effff my life this month. haha
Just got off work. Got tomorrow off. Probably going to bed soon. The boyfriend is working tonight so nothing to do 
Just got off work. I'm sad 
Just got off work... everyone left me here in hell paso. please save me 
just got off work... missing people 
Just got off work... slept all day so nothing to do 
just got off work... was slow  i wanna see UP. getting ready for gears.
just got off work...and ill be working fir the next 4 days...wooo 
Just got off work...I wanna sit in a nice long hot bubble bath, but I gotta pay bills still 
just got off work...now I get 2 pack yeah me 
Just Got Off Work...Tired As Hell 
Just got off.    
Just got official word; I will be keeping my job. Half my dept got the axe. There are 17 of us. By July 1, there will be only 9. 
just got on the bus, long day at work an im beat and getting sick  sheesh
Just got on the bus. And its started raining 
In LA to look at my bros next race bike. This tomtom is taking us to i10 again. I hate i10 in Houston, and def hate I10 in the LA area 
In language class . Jazz tired day 
in library with sean and emma, they wont let me sit with them 
in light of the news out of Iran, I'm grateful to live in peace and freedom here in USA. may the Lord protect the innocent protesters 
In line at &quot;The Grove&quot; Apple Store. They might run out   http://twitpic.com/7ttrd
In line at Bloom. Prediction: this place is going down hill fast. Disorganized, slow, lack of cashiers. 
In line at panda express.  
in line at the taq and just realized i dont have my lipgloss! i'm getting ready to eat so it doesnt really matter but ugh this sucks 
in literacy reading brian's winter. eww AND I have double period of lit 
In london. Im going to be here for two days, bus it to paris for another two and then back to london again. i miss brian 
In long beach helping Daniella move 
In long beach our flight doesn't take off until 4:50  but I'm almost home, Mexico was AMAZING  But damn I'm bored I'm the airport
In lots of pain after a fall down the stairs. Feel very silly and sorry for myself 
in love with him. i just wish he felt the same about me.  iloveyou.
Just got on the plane! the seats are kinda weird though 
Just got out of a Redsox gamee. qoinq home abousta k n o c k. Uqhh im soo tiredddd 
Just got out of bed :o  I had the worst nightmare last night 
Just got out of church, my back and mouth really hurt 
Just got out of class and I am tired and aggrevated 
Just got out of class...the rough draft of my paper is bleeding! 
just got out of gym.. We waited 2 hrs just to lose in 5 mins.. So mean..And I gotta be at work at 7am 
Just got out of gym....really pushed myself tonight....wow didn't realize how out of shape I really got 
Just got out of shower.... taking a nap. Head still hurts 
just gOt Out Of the hOspital again!!!! when will the pain stOp! ugh!!! 
Just got out of the hospital.. and has 2 kidney stones.  
Just got out of the hot tub with the LilMama good times warm and nice but lots of people that are way too good looking 
in LOVE with new project - sadly I can't share it with you for like a year  reason gazillion why I usually self-publish!
in love with samaire Armstrong but instead lost His love of life..!! sucks.. 
in love with siddham/bonji, but it won’t be encoded in unicode for quite a while 
in love with someone i know i will never get, because he is with my best friend 
in love with zoo york, damn im broke 
In love... My day was okay but I'm so obsessed with a guy that I can't have... sigh 
In loving memory of my Grandfather Louis Dale Pyle..I'll miss you Papa 
in madison....hate it here 
in makeup and hair  why does mother nature hate me? my tummy hurts, im falling asleep, and its rainy!!! im exhausted,
In maths just when my day was getting better it turned Shit 
in maths yet again.... 
In mcdonalds  eight hours to go.
In Mcdonalds....... Wanted To See Star Trek But All Late Times 
in media still havnet found ipod  
in mediaa  ext  12 moree dayys till school is done 
In memory of my Grandmother; LaVesta Ailine Amolsch....today was her birthday. I miss you,  so much , more than you could have imagined 
In memory of this weekend that will soon end  ? http://blip.fm/~5gsgi
In Memphis on a layover. Praying for my buddy Bob. Rushed to the ER this AM with shortness of breath.  in Mem... http://loopt.us/uims3A.t
in merdeka  bored though 
In middle of nowhere, really bad reception. Tweeting getting difficult 
just got out of the shower, my tummy hurted 
just got out of the shower. gotta go to walmart in a little while and pick up a few things. wish i had someone 2 go with but no ones home 
Just got out of the shower. Running late. No iPhone 3.0 
just got out of the shower... how depressing it is to shower before work 
Just got out of work and the sun is killing my eyes  i need sun glasses bad!
Just got out of work. At school now. Going back to work afterwards. 
just got out of worrrrrrk 
just got out of yet another bad review  oh well at least lunch time is soon ;) yay
Just got out school!!! What next??.......summer school!! 
Just got out the GMAT. D@MN!!!!! 
just got out the pool.... no beach today 
Just got out thee shower and my day is done  nothing to do
just got outta the shower and now i'm relaxin....wish i had the portable dvd player rite abt now 
Just got outta work.  Gf wants to go out. But eh not in the mood. Head hurts and it was a busy day at work.
just got paid....bitter sweet..got money, paid rent and bills....got no money again! Damned short pay periods!!  
Is wondering if we are going to totally miss getting a storm  not fair if we do I love them
Is wondering is this is what swine flu feels like    I feel dreadful.
is wondering right now, &quot;Where are my friends???&quot; 
is wondering what actually to do, when I have a week to do fuk all bar pack, most peeps r leavin too 
is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm! 
is wondering what happened to their defense... *disappointed*.. 
is wondering what happened to us? We used to be one, now we're worlds apart 
is wondering what i should put in my bio its just so much more to me then 160 chars 
is wondering what she did with her ipod now... I hate walking to work with no music 
is wondering what the coming night will bring. He is going for the top job but isnt sure he'll get it. 
is wondering what to do today!? Shame about the weather 
Is wondering what to do with her day  hmmmm
is wondering what to do!!!!!   
is wondering what you have to do for the &quot;url&quot; link for music on a web page on blogger.com 
Is wondering what's good tonight ..I'm bored 
Is wondering when the mechanic will be finished with her car....bit worried now that it's not going to be ready today 
is wondering when things are going work out and wishing she didnt have to wait 40 days for real answers 
is wondering when this insomnia will pass?! 
is wondering where  the Sundbergs are?  All of their phones are off.  
is wondering where all her friends went... 
is wondering where Hugh Laurie's sex appeal has went!? He just does NOT suit his beard! 
is wondering where the sun has gone 
Is wondering whether Noah is still crying at nursery - not a happpy boy this morning when I dropped him off 
is wondering who did the RAIN Dance???....I might have to work late so I can ride home. 
Is wondering who stole the cookies from the cookie jar. 
is wondering who will die in robin hood on saturday. hope its not alan 
Is wondering why &quot; :O&quot; is an angry face from Android 
is wondering why &quot;his&quot; computer isn't working. 
is wondering why ANYBODY subjects themselves to morning shifts 
Just got past really bad crash.........car was mangled 
just got punched in the nose by Harley. 
just got pwned at brawl.  must practice!
Just got pwned by my 3 year old neighbour in a memory game 
just got quoted $850 to fix a leaking gutter that has caused my front veranda to rott 
just got rained out from the pool 
Just got raped in the face by a group of 19 9 year olds  fuck summer camps! The Lazy Azn
just got ready the weathers lovely and im gonna be sat inside all day doing exams 
Just got ready to go ouuuuutttttttt, feel so rough still from sat nite! 2 day hangovers are me 
just got really disrespected 
just got really freaked outt 
just got really sad all of a sudden 
Just got really sad.... 
Just got reduced to tears by Jeremy Kyle!! Off to the doctors now  i hate the doctors its so scary! Arghhhh!
Just got senior wills from ZM. Aww  An apron with fake boobs on them, a mask, devil wings, cat ears, a softball glove, insect repellent
Just got shat on by a bird. 
just got sick again. staying home sick 
just got sick, more studying to do  aii
just got SIX spam Twitter followers, AND a Coho IM.  I ONLY get the Cohos when I'm leaving...  
just got some new deodarant..i always feel so bad cause i have to ruin the cute little dove at the top  haha
just got some new fone and the texts from everyone are stuck in the old one  FUCK LA.
In milpitas @ hot pot city.. Wtfack? Cyns makin me food kus idk how!!  fail.com!
In Miri   - It felt like the flight took off in 1901!
In more pain then yesturday 
In Mr. Paul class listenin to &quot;Love In September&quot; by Brutha  
In Mulia Hotel with other collegues... Yet I feel useless here...and bored... 
in my apt...work was crazy today 
In my aunts watching wee cousin the now, while my mum and aunt are out looking for my other one, who's done a bunk 
In my backyard, and there are a lot of bumble bees. I don't like bees 
In my bed Ill as hell 
In my bed listening to my iPod no-ones on bebo though 
In my bed right now, soo tired and got such a bad hangover  but last night was acually amazing !!!!! x
In my bed, laptop on my knees, doing my Swedish exercises. Throat hurting, hate having a cold 
In my bed. FREEZIN COLD!! Grr. But I love sleepin when its rainin. But I'm still wishin I had someone to cuddle wit 
In my business lesson, really boring  
In my cage because im naughty  I just wanted to say hi by barking!
In my car taking care of a drunk Becca  (#109 why I don't drink lol) ANDICANSTILLHEATHEMUSIC!!!
in my cousins, my laptops been broke 
In my cube; just got finished with lunch. Back to working on billing 
in my defense I didn't reconize the phone number 
In my first law schoolesque class!!! OMG!! I'm bored already! 
In my garden, working on my tan and trying to find a way to not thinking. At all. Please, please, don't ruin my &quot;holidays&quot;   ...
in my house 
In my inbox on youtube someone sent me a link that said 'GAY = HELL, sorry, but he has a point.' ... WHAT? Ugh. Bigots make my head hurt. 
in my old life, id have a health dept certificate and liquor license by noon on tuesday. and would have signed a lease by friday. le sigh 
In my room resting my leg (I always miss the good weather)  
in my room watching the rain from my window __ feeling alone _ I wan't my sister!!!! now! 
In my room. Bored. Need to go to sleep.. 
in my rush this afternoon I accidentally bought the wrong volume of the Aphorism manga 
in my way to school 
In my way to school...idk how th twit it got cold, yersterday it waz hot as hell and today is cold  not nice
In my way to university ; but I hate school 
in need of a foot massage! new shoes killing my feet. waaaaHhhh... 
in need of a hug...im confused 
In need of a poncho due to crazy, sideways downpour. 
in need of a rich cookie...... humph 
In need of a toilet badly  Z's boys are bullying me. - http://tweet.sg
In need of an agent  waiting on the fam from p.r to get here
In need of earphones.. fuckin things broke 
In need of food!! I hate living at home, my parents NEVER have any food to eat. I want to order a pizza but it is way too late 
In need of some loving, hasn't seen any of her friends today  Well I did, but it's sunny, I should be having fun. Saw Freya, Gabe&amp; Robbie.
In need of someone to finish my Mathematical Statistics take home test 
in need of something to do tonight.. stupid english exam being tomorrow taking my friends away from me 
In needof moneyy  Recording/promo's soon  Cant taste shit. Burned tounge 
is wondering why fbook isn't updating my twitter 
is wondering why he has had the worst sporting weekend ever. Bulls, Sharks, Hamilton and now Man U ... 
Is wondering why he was so upset last night. He didn't do anything, but that was always the problem 
Is wondering why her new icon won't upload 
is wondering why her OWN bff @MeLodAtRiChbOi is putting me down  He is supposed 2 be bringing me UP^!
Is wondering why i am STILL finding blue paint in my hair 
Is wondering why i bother logging on here  no one uses it!
is wondering why it is that people who stay up late and wake up late...is it because of lack of sun...or because of lack of boyfriends 
is wondering why miley isnt coming 2 belfast when touring the uk. me not a happy bunny 
Is wondering why my messages aren't going anywhere ;( I am trying to learn how to tweet &amp; it isn't turning out so hot 
is wondering why no matter how hard she tries...shit still doesn't get better.  Why do some people not have to work for what they get?  
is wondering why PALS isn't as fun this year as last year 
Is wondering why she always ends up the last one awake? 
is wondering why she couldn't sleep at all last night and how she's gonna stay awake and find time to study for all her finals 
is wondering why she put herself through it :S Is so full of regrets  Really could do with a time machine! Things could be so different!
Is wondering why shes still up. I just cant sleep. 
is wondering why so many men can be interested but arent willing to commit??? does anybody understand this problem??? 
Is wondering why so many young models are hanging themselves 
is wondering why the hell I picked GCSE History - that exam was so difficult today.   
Is wondering why there is only one gas station in her area.. 
is wondering why this migrane is not going away! 
is wondering why twitter hasn't been sending me anyones updates 
is wondering why twitter is more popular than facebook..... none of my friends have twitter 
is wondering why when David finally comes to England near where I live, he doesn't arrange to meet up 
Is wondering why you have been on my mind all day 
is workin 2moz god i love my jon in a prison with all those naughty boys up at 6oclock tho  wish me luck hehe
is workin 2nite , Also doing Race For Life 2moz . Shame i got sunburn 
is workin both jobs tomorrow!  Another LONG day awaits....
Is workin on a Saturday  gym later then UFC finale
is workin the off tomorrow. It's suppose to be cool and rainy  ! Gotta love the midwest!!!
is Workin this weekend  oh but what a night i had..
is workin til 5  lame.
is working &amp; missing the babes 
is working 2-close 
is working 6 days this week.. but then has all of next week off... only to be swollen up like a chipmunk 
Is working again! (Planning) a teachers work is never done 
is working allll day  it's such a pretty too  Happy Mothers day Mommy!  http://twitpic.com/4x5x9
is working and its feels super hot inside for some reason 
is working and then off to say goodbye to Dave, Jill, Lucy &amp; Dannyboy with Mom &amp; Sassy. I'm so sad, I will miss them!  
is working at 2 pm 
is working at Theory today...but my tummy hurts! 
is working boooo! Chances of shooting zombies looking low  #fb
is working from 2-6.. possibly until 8 
is working her last day at KOP!   Kinda sad....
is working her last Monday double..which is kinda sad 
is working in a no man's land 
is working in the concession stand all day. sad tonight wont be happening cause i wanted to see everyone again 
is working late on a Friday night... 
is working later than expected  sad face
Is working like 3 billion hours at work over the next few weeks 
is working nights this week. 
is working now 
is working on a dvd cover for a slideshow for a funeral this weekend. 
is working on a final for tomorrow... 
Is working on a release for today/tomorrow of the IDE, sorry for not being very sociable recently, that's the reason 
Is working on a sunday  shober fucking shobas. ( think that's how you spell that.)
is working on a SUNDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is working on my essay 
In New Haven for Cassie's last weekend  in the United States for the summer! 
In New Jersey. I like Jersey as a name. Mom found out about the septum. had to take it out :..( annnd @jaccc is leaving  waaaahhh
In next 10 days, if i work 16 hours a day, I may just finish 80% of what i need to finish - worst is i committed in spite of knowing this 
in nj for just a few more days. i don't want to leave bill 
In nj for the weekend. Baby shower and father's day. Forgot my little cooler for stop at the fish market 
in no mood for work today... Or this week 
in office 
In Office Today ... 
In office, doing irritating work for the worst client i've ever had. You cant choose your project if ur an employee.  
in office.............. 
In ohhhh  bouringg
in on the ustream website and the social stream isn't working, so i signed into ustream and the chat was paused.  @amandapalmer
In one of those moods where I feel like I must decided on a specific career or industry right now. I'll never be able to choose. 
In Orange County, sad to be going back to the bay area to work tomorow  I love Dinsey and OC!
In order news, I spent most of my day looking for a new dress for my mother.  Her original dress for the wedding no longer fits.  
Is working this mornin' 
is working this Saturday on her birthday  Booo
is working till 9:30 pm  lol
is working till close 
is working today on a public holiday 
is working today. Not going to Brighton now  due to excess workload.
is working tomorrow 
is working tonight  so no talk sorry
is working until 7pm and is already knackered and in need of dinner 
is working.  PS - Why is it cold today!?! 
is workkkkkkkkkking.........................LDN 
is worried - crampy and a little spotty  
is worried about Greg, he's had a fever of 102 since tuesday night  I hope he is better tomorrow.
Is worried about her little tobby and thinks he will die soon  http://twitpic.com/6ojgp
Is worried about Isabelle 
is worried about maria and really needs to get out there soon 
is worried about my grandfathers condition 
is worried about the hospital today  hope everything is ok xxxxx
is worried bout my car..... It's running funny 
is worried her head might explode from the work she have to do for school.  It will be worth it in the long run.  
is worried shitless on where her boyfriend is :o, please be safe baby 
Is worried that he's blue... 
is worried weheartit is down forever 
is worried. You promised you would call &amp; NOTHING! 
is worry about the place to present final deisgn work... 
is worryed about my friend....i hope he dont do anything silly 
is worrying about Aaron. 
is worrying again 
Is wow long day today! Going to bed! I miss my daddy, he is Basel Switzerland all alone! Only to Thursday daddy! &lt;33 School then studying 
is writing a very long boring forensic report 
is writing his blog, after missing a couple of days 
In pain  and the television is doing nothing to relieve any boredom!
In pain (physical and emotional) tired and still need to work on my 2 minute argument 
in pain from sunburn 
in pain right now. expecting more pain in due time. 
In pain, but at work!!  
In pain,, poor me, I HATE THE SUN  
In pain.... My brittle bones 
in PC9  bored shitless  and twitterfon D:&lt;
In photo - have to frame photos today !! Rather chilly  Xxx
In Pittsburgh finally going to see sissy&lt;3 and unfortunatly her bitch girlfriend err  ..
In Portugal 8:55 a.m.  I have swimming lessons at 10 a.m.  I couldnt sleep anymore so i got here. Even if i gotta eat breakfast. XOxo
In probably what is the sassiest starbucks ever. Interview in 45 minutes. This dress shirt shrunk on me 
is writing his personal statement, he really wants that reference  and Ginge's PS is mothballs :S
is writing one more paper and then no more for summer semester, then finishing outline for history, and more english... summer school 
is yawning already.....ahhhh crap.  http://plurk.com/p/rmz5e
is yay for the Sun and boo for sick Grandad 
Is yelling F*** GM, Delphi, Tim Geitner and Obama today!!! YEAH I SAID OBAMA!!! I can be pissed my mom just lost her pension today 
Is your Gmail Notifier working? Been getting Bad Data; 1 error since last nite 
Is youtube not working properly for anyone else? I can't watch videos because they keep failing to load 
is... doing nothing!! studying actually 
is...... 
is...you know what ATM idk 
isa akong hunchback... daming pasanin... 
isa mad that my stomach hurt so bad.. 
Isaac locked me out 
Isabella doesn't feel good today 
iscream for ice cream. :] back home...  here.
Ise Ready To Go Home!!!!!!!!! I'm Bored 
Iseriously can't cook!! not even pancakes 
ish bored 
ish sleepy... yay coffee! I want Starbucks with Nikki!  @nicole_09 
Ish thinking bout deleting my darcy9874 account..  Because some crazy hacker chick ish stalking me and she stole my account I cant log in
isixhosa... 
Iskoot killed my storm reboot then nothing, lovely 
Islam and freedom will never be one, come one Iran, solve the problem and let it be.  
Islander77 Hurt me feelings..I dererve an apology 
ISM Manufacturing and ISM Services this week. Both look  good, however employment situation on Friday may show another 500k job loss. 
In queue at paul smith warehouse sale. 100 deep should've got here earlier as it looks like a long wait 
In Raleigh safe and sound....but missin my Char-town friends like crazy!!! 
In reality even the 'normal' plus size ones look expensive 
In rehearsal right up until showtime. It's the only rehearsal they have scheduled.  
In response to Chel saying I was worn out. I was I worried about her all night so no sleepy!!  anw
In retrospect I should have said CHK CHK BOOM. Wasted opportunity. 
In rjs car lying down wishing was at home 
in Rome and it's raining 
in Rome, just saw &quot;Angels and Demons.&quot; ITS AWESOME!!! and I'm not saying that because a studio flew me here.  Sadly, no Clint Howard 
In Russian news wrote that the Launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour was postponed. 
in S.C. today and it's raining 
in SA with no working phone 
In sad news its begining to look like Farah may have to be put to sleep 
In San Diego Airport... flight delayed 
In san fran. Cant beleive i missed trueblood  i awaited this day since season one ended.
in San Jose, can't find Lagunitas anywhere  about to try a #beer called fat weasel. crossing my fingers it doesn't suck. NEW POST!
in San Jose.   having good time w/ bros.  Also helped dad edit next  Holy Land brochure. wish I could go! 
in SB... still  @ashlei_necole and @JBells32 jus left aww i'll miss u @JBells32 dont run off and forget me  call me when u get in &lt;3
In school   played foozeball and lost twice still have one more free period b4 class
in school  finish in about an hour yay!
in school and dreading pe 
in school doing a history project! yay 
in school doing F&amp;N coursework... BORING day.. 
In School Feel Shit Need 2 Fucking Cry 
In school in a PG lesson    going shopping after though xD
in school now.. i dont understand anything 
In school one more lesson left its too hot  lol
isn ot a happy bunny, my baby is ill and i'm all alone at home 
Isn't a cold supposed to get better, not worse?! 
isn't a fan of this heat in any way shape or form 
Isn't coldness, wind and rain just utterly delightful during the summer? 
isn't enjoying this cold weather  WARM COMEEEEE to me!
isnt feelin 100% 2day 
isnt feelin so great with a big ole belly ache! 
isn't feeling 2 hot!  When I get off I'm so going 2 take sum meds nd go 2 bed, asap!
Isn't feeling good at all! 
Isn't feeling so great  Off to work - too much to do!
isn't feeling so hot today 
Isnt feeling the brightest.. Dunno if imma stick around work.. Guess we will see... Other wise good morning. Work to 4.. hopefully sooner 
isnt feeling too good! had far too much to drink last night! 
isn't feeling too great today. Having stomach problems. 
isn't feeling too gud   .....Can someone call the doc?? Imma need him to help me thru.......
isn't feeling very good 
isn't feeling very well.  
Isn't feeling well at all. Greeted with severe nausea this morning. Just continuing my downward spiral  feeling low
isn't going home today..  Getting a blood transfusion later today and will hopefully be able to go home tomorrow.. Thanks for your prayers
isn't going to prom next saturday. boo. 
isnt going to sleep tonight with the incoming storm...  &lt;-15 &amp; 20 days!!-&gt;
isn't going to Taste of Dublin anymore today  how else will I get fed!
Isnt going to the beach cause its cold  buttt it hanging out with my best bud!
isnt going to the movies!! i got grounded 
isn't happy shehas to go all the way into town this morning 
Isn't happy today.... Tried to make ammends this morning but failed..... 
Isn't happy... I was just forced to install Silverlight on my machine.  Shame on  #asot400
isn't happy... My team was as foggy as the sky.. We just had our ass handed to us.. 
Isn't having a great day and misses @milkman311.  
isnt having the best day  only few hours of sleep, fell twice at work and now just split water on my pants
Isn't having the best day today 
Isn't having the best morning 
isn't headache enough? obviously not..stomachache 
isn't in the mood to play dress up... Doesn't feel like it right now , also feels jumpy 
Isnt it a great time to do your homework 
Isn't it typical that the Donnie blog goes out in the middle of the night for the Aussie fans!!!  Not sure if it will be a huge comfort 
isn't joseph gordon levitt in g.i joe cobra? it looks interes-- bad.  transformers! win though. shia &lt;33333
isn't liking this 
Isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough 
isnt online enuff 2 get it 
Isn't playing anymore   lol missing certain amigas!!!
Isn't ready for summer. It's too hot. 
Isn't ready to head back to amsterdam 
isn't really feelin' this twitter stuff! 
isn't really making flash cards but actually is watching torchwood 
isn't seeing the dead anymore? 
isn't so happy about the being awake end of things this morning   #fb
isn't summer supposed to be about relaxing??? i am busier than i was during school 
Isn't tht lik soo gettho!?! LOL!!! haha -_- but we is poor mesicans. 
Isn't to happy about working 16hrs. Wish I just had a regular 9 to 5 job...    I wish I could see heather more..I lover her so much!
Isn't today supposed to be the first day of summer? *looks at gloomy weather* 
isn't too happy right now. After the week I've had everything is just piling up. 
isn't very well 
isn't very well today...whats new hey! 
isnt youtubing anymore 
ISO13485! Arrggh!!! 
ISP playing up again 
Israel... not bad, reminds me a bit of ABBA. have to say I'm gutted that Graham Norton is not doing our Eurovision commentary here 
Iss doingg coursework soo hard  xx
iss in alotta pain  - i love you ( 2Greedy ] «- LOL *insider* .
Iss soo boredd nobody's homee ... 
issing truly old frnzzzz... 
isss sattt ere upsetttt coss waterloo road is not onnn anyyy more 
Issss gonna stay home on his birthday 
issssss monday tomorrow 
isssssssss  doin textiles work RELI HARDDDDDD 
isssssssssssssssss going to class in 45mins 
issues, but my aunt, who is also older, is a bitch!  UGH! Just tell mom that she can't meddle...it doesn't help.  Poor Ang!    ((HUGS))
ist etwas genervt 
Istock is down! 
it `s definitely a monday.  i popped two tires at once 
It ain't hot outside no more  Clouds are here to stay 
It also doesn't update-on-post so you don't see your new tweet until the next scheduled update 
it also seems very confusing 
it always feels so late when i get off work on saturdays. 
it amazes me how some people can be so childish. TODAY WAS NATIONAL SUSHI DAY &amp; I DIDN'T HAVE SUSHI!?  i ate at a sushi restaurant though!
It amazes me the effort gone into comparethemeerkat.com . Imagine the fun they had...now remember when you last had that much fun in work 
It appears I am allergic to the dish soap we were using - my hands are peeling like they have a very bad sun burn 
It appears I'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing... 
It appears in addition to our robins and lizards (which I love) and turtle doves (which I loathe) we also have a bunny. No good pics 
It appears summer has thrown my schedule in2 overdrive! I have so much 2 do as well as school.No time 2tweet or check out #bones  tweets! 
It appears the iPhone 3.0 will only be released on 18 June http://bit.ly/5XdiB  #fb
It appears the sun and summer has gone bye bye  less study distraction?
It be a wee bit windy out there today. Had to cancel a shoot. 
It be bedtime. Early start in the morning. If I really try I might get 2 runs in and manage to transfer all my stuff. I wish I had my car 
it better get cooler this week 
It better not rain today! 
It better not rain tomorrow or I won't be working again and that's not good,the bank accounts not looking good 
It breaks my heart    http://bit.ly/3p3Mgk
It broke my heart to leave the girl this morning when all she wanted was to be held by her mommy all day 
It bums me out when Restaurants have Daily menu changes but don't provide that info on line 
It burned. 
It cant rain all the time 
It caused me heartbreak to log out of my &quot;happy phua&quot; account for tongue in chic knowing that i might not get the chance to log in again! 
it certainly has been a slow/boring/dull/horrible/mind numbing sunday 
It comes to something when you notice your wife's shoes on Twitter, before you notice them on her feet. Ooops 
it costs me a year back then to watch my buddies goin' for ГОЗ 
It definitely was my cat but after some chasing &amp; attempting to catch him I couldn't &amp; he took off again 
It didnt all of da awards.  
It didn't rain all day yesterday...just so it can rain on my parade... 
it didnt work 
IT DIDN'T WORK 
It dinn rain  again too HOT
it does no good to have my iPod if I don't have headphones!! this is gonna be a long day at work! 
It does not look like I'm going to make Comics 101 
it doesn't feel like a friday 
it doesn't feel like friday cos i have to wrok on sunday 
it doesn't look like summer solstice outside 
It doesn't look like the L4D2 Characters are going to be as cool as L4D1.  I miss Zooey.
In school right now...just done P.E GCSE exam  looking forward to going home!
In school taking a test soon. 
In school trying to program a whole program in 45 minutes 
in school! double wood first 2 periods ewwww  sawdust suffocating me!!
in school, swedish for 2.5 hours 
In school. I think I have a cold. 
In school. I want to talk to my Mama. 
In science  not looking forward to maths exam! 
in science nd its borin 
In science researching transplants 
in search of a song i heard the other night on 105.5 the beat. this is hopeless.... 
In search of coffee (made a pot this morning, left it at home). 
In Seattle Washington....im SOOOOO hungry&amp;i miss alaska 
in serious need of some size 12's 
In serious sister withdrawl!!!  
in sfarsit acasa.... obosit... m-am intalnit si cu @cart00n. pacat ca nu au batut recordul 
In shock ...thought this girl was my friend that's just sad... 
in shock about David Carradine's death (http://tinyurl.com/ocwmvj) &amp; wondering what is the REAL truth in circumstances; life's so short 
In shock that my best friend would hurt me so much! This is going to be a sad day. 
In sick for the weekend and it sucks    ..... But thats life
In Singapore.  Had a sleep.  Going on a city tour..roaming not working on phone 
In six days my owners will take me to the vets to stay there for seven days while they go to Beach 
in so much pain 
in so much pain from getting my wisdom teeth out yesteday 
In so much pain I can't sleep 
in so much pain right now and am dead dead bored 
In so much pain. . . 
in so much pain....my back is killing me....i jus wish i had weed 
in Soho where I'm working; they've moved office in with some sales guys I think. One of them is complaining Madrid was 'full of gays'. 
In solemn respect of the 20th Anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre, China blocks Twitter, Flickr, YouTube  http://bit.ly/1xhbS (pathetic)
in soo muchh pain  goinn to get icecream &amp; a movie
In soooo much pain  gonna sleep it off &amp; try again in the AM. G'nite twits!!!
in spanish - bored 
In spite of not having a 4yo alarm clock...I wasn't able to sleep in. 	
In sports: No contract extension with the Raps for CB4 after the upcoming NBA season? Whuuuuuut? 
In star bucks juli'a all alone 
in studio, i wanna go home, fell like i may up chuck 
in stupid history 
In such a bad mood gonna be repeating 2 exams in Auagust  What a dose
In such a wierd mood. 
In such pain 
in super huge over my head. back in september. 
in super pain major cramps 
In Sydney and have the flu after flyimng down to see Robert Kiosaki - did not attend - sad           .
In Sydney, three hours into my journey. Bored and cheia de saudades. Bah 
in tears specially if i show like nicks speech 
In tesco - still dont own the sims 3  dads treating us to krispy kremes :p not tht i can eat them - im stil full from pizza hut last nite!
in tests?  4. r u  really getting married 2 dane? 4. that pic of u, is it really u?! type in blonde emos on google! 
In the airport again heading to az to see my family...wishing I was still with mike tho 
In the airport getting ready to leave vegas 
In the airport waitin to catch a flight back hm to da chi! Everytime I go hm its for somethin bad! 
In the airport waiting bored  x
In the anatomy museum bored out of my brains with revision 
In the Apple Store checking my twitter feed. Oh Christ, what have I become? 
In the Apple store today Jack said &quot;Mommy I have to pee...Awwww too late!&quot;   Opps!
In the arena but they're not allowing pictures 
In the batcave Grad School sucks....  !
In the bath. Was hoping this was gunna help but idk if it is 
In the Bed Unable to walk  Sprained Ankles are the Worst!! Hate not walking! Note 2 Self: Watch Out for Pot Wholes in Parking Lots!
in the bed with a stomach ache  oooooh why me? or should i say why not me. «blah«
in the big town of Golden, Tx... No service 
in the boat at tybee going back to the landings   i love tybee!!!
In the bus... Almost an hour late because of my crappy alarm clock  should be in Leeuwarden at about 9:45
It doesnt matter you have to travel before september to take advantage of the sale 
It doesn't work..  I think I gonna wake up till @dimasrahutomo pick me up to swim..
It done it agennnn im so confused 
it dosen't rain but it poors. last week i thought i had the flu, turns out it was tonsillitis, now have allergic reaction to antibiotics 
it feels as though i have let someone down tonight 
It feels as though my head is going to explode 
It feels good to be home... today has been tiring.  I just ate, but I'm still hungry 
It feels like I broke my femur.  stupid girl at socccer.
It feels like i didnt even have days off.  so tired
it feels like im in the middle of a tornado 
It feels like it's only 8, this is going to be another long night 
It feels like my gum is... imploding! 
It feels like my world just died 
It feels like strep throat..but I sure hope it's not. ugh. This illness needs to back to where it came from..and pronto 
It feels like the middle of summer it's so hot here...oh no..it's just a flash 
It feels like there is a hole in the pit of my stomach.  hurrrrts
It feels like... Wednesday.... Mais non 
It feels there there is a firework display going on in my head!!! bad times 
it feels weird when I got home that my whole family was up and even weirder that they are staying up as I get in bed.  Work tomorrow morn 
It figures that my directv gets shut off when E3 starts 
it figures the only full weekend I'm down the beach it's pouring.. 
it gave me a flat tire and I had to go i hour 15 minutes by feet  poor me and poor George (my bike) I HATE this city
It got drenched at Silver Dollar City today.  My life is ruined
It hailed in Abbottabad today and is too cold now. Can't find any good (mobile) connectivity options besides vptcl or GPRS so far 
it has a twisted ending.i wanted 2 see real angels and demons flying around,wicked!  i will survive.
It has been 2 days I'm angry with the world without a reason 
It has been a beautiful day and I got quite  bit of stuff done.  No ride though 
it has been a month since i last twitterd; and that was about twilight..... now im twittering that i cant believe im ready the last book! 
It has been an exhausting day. I wish I could make myself a freakin frappuccino but I haven't learned to do that yet 
It has been so weird with no Cody around  I keep looking for him in his usual spots.
It has been SOOOOOOOOOOOOO hot lately &amp; almost everyday I have been required to do something outside.  7 more days to live. 
it has been too hot to work this afternoon ... not got much done 
It has come to my attention from a 16yo friend that I've recently gained a TON of weight. He didn't know it was me. 
It has probably been more than a year since I last had a NOS energy drink, but this morning it is necessary. Just call me No Sleep Sally. 
It has rained here (Ballater, Aberdeenshire) for about 5 days now. Not so nice. 
it hasn't rained in weeks, and looks like it won't anytime soon. 
it haven't hit me yet tht I'm gng 2 b alone in 9hrs 
It hurt so bad i cant sleep  .
It hurt taking a shower!  time for vic. and bed time.
it hurts .... 
it hurts every single second 
it hurts me seeing my sister not able to hold her baby girl in her arms. 
it hurts me that tess talking about her last day in 2 years time that be mme 
it hurts so much cause you are my abf and i still love you ... 
it hurts to know the truth... 
It hurts to swallow.... 
It is #musicmonday and sadly I have not scrobbled any plays on last.fm and the only music I listened to today was in the car. I feel bad. 
It is 17 June 09, 0351 Pacific Time. Still no iPhone 3.0 update. 
IT IS 2:40 IN THE MORNING AND I AM HUNGRY AS HELL, THERES NUTHIN TO EAT, AND IM BOUT 2 DIE!! 
it is 30 min after midnight. but i need to prepare slides for 2 meetings tomorrow. will have a meeting 1 hr later to get information 
It is 4am and I am awake  this is not going to be good later on.
it is 5:04 am, in Marshalltown Iowa... school is in 2 1/2 hours FUN!!..not, I wish it were summerrr 
It is 87 outside! Boy is it HOT! I wish I could go swimming but the pool is down. 
It is 8am and I woke up to finish reading a chapter before class. Gotta love summer school! 
It is 92 degrees in my apartment.  Why do things look so different when it is hot?
It is 93 degrees here &amp; I am sick as hell  I just wanna go float on a lake!
it is 93 degrees out and I have a game later, 
it is a bank holiday and it is raining. I am disappoint! 
It is a beautiful day in Roanoke. However, I'm stuck in the office. 
It is a beautiful morning, but that just makes me worry that my hayfever will come back  I almost enjoyed that thunderstorm yesterday!!
it is a boring day! 
It is a good day. I'm sorry for Asnawi who's having a bad day.  Everyone has bad days hun. I'm just sorry that yours is today. 
It is a night of nightmares 
It is a swine when your boy is up all night with a cough 
It is absolutely terrible when you have an allergy attack and then you have shards of glass in your chicken wrap. I'm sorry, @teddwelch 
It is actually HOT outside  http://myloc.me/3oP
It is AFTER 11 and she is in her pjs doing god knows what in the kitchen. oblivious that other people have stuff they want to do 
It is already HOT and HUMID outside and I am not looking forward to being out in it. I guess the dog days have arrived 
It is always so wonderful to wake up at 5AM to cats having a claws-out scuffle literally on your HEAD. I now have a scratched neck 
it is back on right when i pressed enter....ok. maybe i should update less 
It is beautifully hot weather for a day atthe beach. Unfortunately I'm at work in a hot-making uniform 
It is becoming increasingly clear that the Democratic party is out of touch with the realities (physical and climactic) of global warming 
it is being very elusive 
it is better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie  &lt;/3
it is beyond me why I have to greet real summer with the thickest cold 
It is cloudy and I'm also gloomy 
It is dangerously hot here; hope all animals are inside in the a/c 
It is definitely a Monday! I'm wearing bright yellow and I don't feel all that sunny 
It is disgusting outside...torrential downpour in the 757 
It is easier to believe in God if the Law of Averages is on your side. 
It is extremelyhard finding cute dressy clothes for an 8 year old boy 
it is finally nice out and i feel awful! 
It is finally sunny and suppose to be a good day and I have to work all day 
It is Gloomy outside. It is making me sad  I miss the sun and its happiness!!
It is going to be another hot day in San Antonio no doubt into the 100's and water conservation measures into effect-no rain 
It is going to be hard to catch up in all my classes this week. 
It is hailing 
it is hot 
It is hot out. Just as i hopped it would NOT be, just my luck 
It is impossible to hold an umbrella and do up a button fly 
It is in my Neighbors homes as Well!!! 
It is lacking, 5 minutes away at my time here, going going away, I miss you already! 
it is late and i am confused  goodnight moon
It is lightning out here. There was even a thunderstorm warning! 
It is literally to HOT to swim. The pool water feels like bath water 
It is lost again 
It is Monday again!!! 
in the campus pc lab because i don't have photoshop.  
in the canteen, I got a d on my history 
in the cape for the next few days. missing my new home in la though 
in the car boreeedddddd ipod on blast , rain rain qo away 
In the car for 7 more hours! 
In the car on my way home for the summer. I miss Loughborough already. 
in the car on the way back to nyc. 
In the car on the way home from gatwick. methinks we will be missing the christening  stupid 4 hour delay!
in the car on the way to franks pizza. i miss my babyboo 
In the car on the way to see my grandad, im about to die my mum has metalica on and u forgot my ipod 
In the car on the way to the boat. Mommy is in a bad mood 
In the car to Enschede, 'the kater comes later'  - http://mobypicture.com/?l7pobg
In the car with a new driver my sister and Dad guiding her.. No music..how boring 
In the car, about to start my journey back home  Stay Tuned...
In the car. On my way to cleveland. Checking in at eight. Boarding at ten. I'll be in fort myers, florida by one a.m. Bye guys. 
In the cemetery. Happy Father's Day Papa. I still wonder what it'll be like if my grandpapa is still alive 
In the church nursery...definitely not gonna sleep. My back hurts 
In the clinic waiting to meet me ! 
in the cold i'm standing....(which's boring) coloring the void, the calendar. everything seems to get shorter, oh 12 more days 
In the common room on my own  rofling at felixs river rapids bit in day and night. They weren't amused in the slightest :p
It is my birthday on Sunday. I don't think my wife has planned anything for it 
It is my Birthday on Thursday, I will be 41 which is very depressing 
It is nearly 1 a.m. and I'd really like to practice guitar and I can't because I don't want to wake my neighbors. 
It is not sunny day 
It is official - I am in the market for a new apartment/work space - I hope I can stay in the neighborhood  
It is official. 3.0 is sucking away the life of my phone 
it is officially day 4 of #tmobilefail  texts still saying they came in 4hrs prior to when they really did
It is okay .. how is your test ? And so do I .. it is exams days  ok C U soon
It is PANCAKE SUNDAY!  Yea!  But no sausage.  Maybe bacon.  Aww, no bacon.   Regardless, PANCAKE SUNDAY!  \(*v*)/ #pancake
It is poring rain in Austin texas 
It is pouring 
It is pouring outside and I forgot to bring my umbrella. 
it is raining again 
It is raining again.  I hope my basement doesn't flood because Lake Felice is getting bigger. 
It is raining and I feel like i haven't been to bed yet.  No JDF walk for me.  
it is raining here in Memphis  Our big music fest is downtown...drenched.
It is raining super hard. I hope it stops soon. We need to drive to DC tonight. 
It is raining!  but just fourty min ago it was hotttt and 90 degrees??? =/
It is rainy and nasty outside . . Go figure the day would be like this after the celtics lost game seven. 
It is really bad when you are reading somebody's e-mail and get confused in the middle of a sentence.  Read, re-read, still confused 
it is really hard to function when you can't breathe 
It is shameful that I hate Brokeback Mountain is just because it is more popular than Capote, but I hate it...
It is SNOWING here now...I think I'm going to throw up  I hate snow...especially at the end of May.
It is so awkward when someone you don't know thinks you hate them!! So awkward  indeed 
It is so beautiful in Vegas today! Sun shining, birds singing. Too bad I'm stuck in the office 
IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL OUTSIDE! I'M MAD I GOTTA B @ WORK ALL DAY! 
it is so f-ing hot at my work right now, and i can't even take off my hoodie due to humongous hickies on my neck. ugh 
It is so fucking cold. Bring on Singapore 
It is so hard to c happy couples n b the single one 
it is so hard to let go of pet ideas when they don't work any more. 
It is so hot in this room!!! 
it is so miserable today!!!  Rain rain go AWAY!!!!!!
It is so muggy tonight.  You shower then 5 mins later your sweaty again 
It is so weird and sad to fall asleep without Paisley on my bed  Stupid storm :'(
It is soo cold in my room 
It is sooo hot here :-o 
It is sooo hot tonight. I wish I had my pool up, I'd be outside skinny dipping..lol My husband has to work tomorrow.. so no car hunting 
It is soooo cold 
It is soooo hot 
It is soooooo unimaginably hot here! I have been so use to the cold, it's awful!!! UCK!!!! I don't know how I am going to sleep! 
It is sooooooo hot in Portmore Jamaica right now. Thank God I have the air on. My poor electric bill 
It is soooooooooo hot. 
It is still bucketing down here, and still thundering on and off 
It is still Monday!  Going slow already.......
it is still not here and it has been two weeks.......  T-T
It is still raining and more storms are moving in........  
it is such a beautiful day and i have been released from the dark chamber of SAT death. i am so so hungry 
It is such a beautiful day! A perfect day to go to the beach if i wasnt working 
It is suppose to be 95 degrees today and sunny.  Too bad I am at work so I won't get to enjoy the weather until lunch time. 
'It is the confession, not the priest, that gives us absolution.' Fuck that hits close to home 
It is the end of the year in school 
It is thundering outside, I hate thunder...  
IT IS TIME. GNAAAAARGH. 
It is to bad that your in Cali Elana 
It is too cold 
it is too early to be up, showered and on twitter 
It is too quiet tonight.    I need more distractions to get my by until tomorrow.
it is TOO warm 
It is tooooooo hot 
in the computer lab again now..went boy watching together with Dorothy+Aishah+Shalina just now =] D's moody  - http://tweet.sg
In The crib....so wish i had a car 
in the css hell 
in the dentist chair...can't feel like left side of my face. Here cames the fun part 
in the drivers license center. been here 15 already and we are still at number 31. our number is 43  looks like a long wait
In the emergency room with Gideon. STITCHES! 
In the emergency room with my cousin. She's got mad flu and can't walk or breathe.  Why are hospitals always so cold?
In the ER  missing my wife and daughter
In the ER right now, LaLa slit her ankle on a piece of glass while takin out the trash  Chores suck!! stand by for a pic~Britt n LaLa~
in the ER to stop the bleeding 
In the ER with a friend 
In the ER. Beanie's temp is still going up 
In the ER... My mom was having some concerning chest pains.... 
In the garden doing some maths revision, oh the joys! But I have burnt shoulders, already  Dammit! ..
in the garden yesterday having a drink with everyone round. until we wer told to fuck off into the house by my next door neighbour at 12 
In the good ol' day this bootleg copy of X-Men Origins: Wolverine would have been swedish porn. Sadly it's the real movie  good Q though..
In The Hague right now, going to apply for a job. Gonna stop at Central station on my way back though, haven't had coffee yet 
In the hospital wit gramdukiez she don't feel well :/ it hurts to see her in pain 
In the hospital with my son. 
In the house for the night  text to keep company
In the kitchen making home-made yogurt.  Already messed up the first batch by burning the milk. 
It is true... 
It is uncomfortably hot and humid in Ohio Hall... 
It is ungodly fuckin hot !!!  Kevin I feel really bad for  You in that warehouse 
It is very difficult to do a beautiful manicure by myself. 
It is very humid in texas. 
It is waaaaaay too early and im at work 
it is waaaaaay too humid for having a cold 
It is way past my bed time, but I can't get to sleeeep. 
It is way past my bedtime. Lily will be up at 5 AM ready for a bottle and attention. Gonna be tired in the morning 
It is way to fuckin early to be awake. 
It is way too early. 
It is way too hot to be Oklahoma 
It is way too hot! I don't wanna go outside at all today but i so have to 
It is way worse to see his head get blown off. It showed every part of it 
It is with extreme sadness that I removed &quot;elestoque.org&quot; from my websites on Facebook...    
it isn't @tomwaits - he's been hacked 
It isn't even seven in the morning, and I'm heading to work 
It isn't like how @malkatz pictured it though 
it isn't looking good for me being able to recover any of my files from my PC   some good news... tonite the bf is meeting my family
it itches. 
It June 17th  canna find new iPhone Upgrade ( written a 00.14)
It just got dark again and I'm about to go outside w/ no jacket or umbrella. This might not end to well... 
It just happened and i didn't feel it  i know nasty. I hope i get better. I have plans i wanna try to do
It just hit me I am officially going to be leaving 8th grade on Friday... And I suddenly don't wanna go to high skool either 
It just hit me that I still haven't gotten over the fact, all though its been 3-4 weeks, that he's gone. 
it just keeps raining here in texas  feeling kinda gloomy!!!!!!
It just makes me happy! over and over again. I wish I wan't afraid to fly  http://tinyurl.com/64skpp
It just occurred to me that if they psych test the hopefuls on BGT as they suggest then the auditions would be very,very dull indeed! 
It just occurred to me the Billy Mitchell twitter may be fake, a la Kanye West's. I now feel stupid. 
It just rained in my apt-ie the tub in the apt above flooded. Wheres a man when you need one? Oh right in Barcelona Milwaukee &amp;or Astoria 
It just rained on me 
It kills me I cant do everything &amp; make everyone happy like I want to. 
It looked like a surgery at work today as we re-plumbed the LOX system. Bulkhead seal didn't fit  new parts on Mon.
It looks as though Shaq is getting traded to Cleveland to play w/ LeBron... Too bad for Suns' fans. The Big Cactus is no more  idiots
It looks even worse in real life  http://yfrog.com/0zp5zj
It looks like almost all of you have iPhones. That's settled. Most of you don't have pity for poor, poor Palm 
It looks like cavs gonna get blown out too 
it looks like i got punched in the face... 
It looks like I'll be kept in hospital until Thursday, i'll be offline until then 
It looks like I'm going to have to do it on my own  Oh well probably the best anyway. Spanish exam on tuesday, I'm dreading it like crazy.
It looks like I'm going to live in London for a few months, why not California 
it looks like i'm not gonna get my chai latte today, after all 
It looks like imma be pullin a all nighter @ this hair salon 
It looks like it is going to rain. I don't like the rain. 
It looks like it's going to rain 
it looks like its going to rain again  ahhhh french tomorrow
It looks like it's going to rain on our Strawberry Festival parade this morning 
it looks like its gonna rain outside 
It looks like it's gonna rain, and it's gonna be chilly, especially w/ only one shoe on, i don't know if i want to go out tonight 
It looks like my entire day's work is gone.    And no time machine backup, backblaze is from last night. 
it looks like my internet is going to be down till Monday 
It looks like surgery/recovery is going to interfere with my BlackHat / DefCon plans this year 
It looks like winterrr. 
It looks similar with Rock Band. Can't find the difference.  re: http://ff.im/3HOtN
It looks so disgusting out here with the cloudiness 
it made me a little sad cause it was in 3D and it made me remember the jonas brothers 3D concert experience  i miss that so much!
it made me cry. 
It made me remember of my Grandpa's farm and Uncles.  Im so going to visit my family in Texas.
It makes me absolutely crazy to see my family (or anyone) throwing recyclable items away. The talks obviously do no good 
It makes me cry when people are nice to me, especially my family. I'm not sure how to feel 
It makes me extremely sad  and I really don't know why I ever care that much.
it makes me feel a bit better that there's only 34 days left til HAWAII!!! But then again that's over a month away. 
It makes me jealous that the whole twitterverse is seeing up while I'm stuck at the hospital waiting to go home and write a 10 page paper 
in the lab on a SUNDAY, and apparently for nothing. 
in the lab trying to work out what i'm gonna do thisafternoon now that someone has cancelled 
in the lab...not feeling too spiffy. 
in the land of economics GDP and cashflows bore the hell outta me 
In the last 5 minutes 80% of the office left.  considering there are 4 others in this office, that means I'm all alone. 
In the last 6 minutes and 56 seconds my queue position has dropped from 12 to 11 - extrapolating that out isn't pretty 
In the last hour and a half a server has gone down and people are freakin out, I wanna go home!! 
in the library pretending to write a paper about social networking. 
In the library with rory. Got the 1st nd 2nd off and have nothing to do.. Little red cap failed 
in the library, revising! Not sure what i though about the end of #lost?! 24 tonight, then the end of prison break tomorrow 
In the library, revising, STILL sleep deprived, it just wouldn't come to me last night 
in the library. i want a spot in the west reading room! 
In the lobby staring at the pool, starting to envy neighbors who can swim for more than an hour. How I hate having dermatographism 
In the long queue for the 3GS 
in the mailbox already for 2 hours 
In the middle of making another Superman cake for kindergarten. So busy today no time to blog 
In the middle of the night somehow I just banged my right eye against the nightstand. Hurts soo bad. Will prolly have a black eye tom! 
in the mood for some breakfast in bed. 
In the need of a new phone  and my blackberry cost too much 
In the new place...exhausted 
In the new planet hollywood in haymarket. Not as good as the old one 
in the nurses office @ school. my tummy hurtz 
In the office on a Sunday 
In the office still full of cold 
In the office today 
In the office with a Venti Red Eye from Starbucks, fighting to stay awake.  #fb
In the office.  It's Saturday.    Hopefully getting in here early will get me out of here early, to enjoy this beautiful day!
In the park during lunch hour, realising that I will have to accept the fact that I now get hayfever 
in the past week ive hardly tweeted, i feel like somethings missing 
In the queue to telstra trying to activate the hiptop i bought *3* days ago! Such bollocks. 
In the rain....  
In the samuel household,very strange without mike here...really miss him being around  west wing is brill!
in the school,   hahah bored about everything 
In the shadows. Lurking in Willy B probably. Prove me wrong  http://mypict.me/4om1
in the shittiest mood and wants to go home. 
in the shower, its cold  i love hot water lol
In the simulator for day one of a yearly check. No sleep yet again 
In the stock room at work organising flip flops. Seriously. I'd rather be at home and in bed right now. Or anywhere with aaron 
In the streetz of L.A. going to the pharmacy... my lil prince is sick  Super Mommy's on duty!
In the studio..setting up drums. Lost my camera 
In the subway... Where are the real guyz pleaaaz?!They are so slimmyskinnyhairbrushygay. I'm gonna cry 
In the summer. I try to do new places buh neva works out  @Kingkhaos206
in the sushi  I cant open the MSN or another chat 
in the taxi on my way to the airport, goodbye vegas! 
In the towers with my bestie and her suite mate. Bout to hit the swagghouse bbq. I miss my triplet  and I can't find my double back!
in the train waiting to leave. 1hr lt for th meeting 
In the vip taking shots of voss H2o$ club is rediculous.. Ppl are gonna flat back each other raw tonight smh 
In the whip wit my big brothers   THEY TAKEN ME SOMEWHERE PROLLY TO LOC ME IN DA CRAZY HOUSE THEY DONT LYK ME SMH
in the words of @iamdiddy the nuggets are not locked in... 
In the words of vesta, congratulations ....  I thought it would've been me 
in the worst of moods. Uggghhhhhh! 
In thirty minutes 
in this moment...i miss taco mambo. and the oboe dance  wah!
in this place all alone and im bored  `im going 2 go play w./the dogg
in times like these, i wish i could be....... someone who is in the beach or in chicago or in nyc or in las vegas or cancun or london  ha
In too much pain to drive  Avery and i said were gonna be crippled my the time were 16. Thats what volleyball does to you.
in Torreon!!!  but it rained!! 
in traffic school....there goes my saturday 
In trouble Can anyone recommend me  a architecture diagram for Social CRM pls.....My boss is behind my life!!!!! 
In trouble..  Sucky.. I love robert&lt;3 Peace.Love.Happiness.
In Troutman working on the switch. @Nutzy2468 @ home; can't sleep. Poor thing. 
in true Cleveland sports fashion....the Cavs have pretty much thrown away their season. 1 qtr left.... Magic slammin 3s. damn 
In Tulare. Im so sad bc i miss my merced, atwater, and turlock friends!! 
in Uni.... again! 
in university.. it s cold 
In urgent care, I haven't been here in years 
in utah. i forgot how much this feels like home..but i desperatly miss my Bill 
In VA to cheer for a volleyball tourney. I'd rather play.. but stupid knee.. 
In Vitória. Going on board tomorrow 
in voon's place just so i could use the internet! freaking deprived! 
IN WANNA GO 2 ASTRA 2NITE BUT THEN I WOULD HAV 2 FLY 2 sydney  and i cnt watch it on foxtel  im gona miss the whole thing
In warwick and its raining!!! 
in wonderful Watertown, NY...missing my sweet Belle 
in work - wish i was off and going to see oasis aswell!!!  BOO!!
In work again all day  Finally got a day off tomorrow though.
In work on a day like today, I bet next weekend it will be raining 
In work so bored i wana go home 
in work soon  tired
in work thinking i have kidney stones with the pain im in 
in work, absoloutly nackered 
in work, nice day again. I'm not In Bruges 
In work. No time or opportunity for caching 
In work. Wishing for death. Hate iphone 
In work... Fun!! 
in world geo &quot;studying&quot; for the exam. my throat hurts  -cough cough-
In wrap up meeting, bored 
In Zurich, already feels like lunchtime! The station is clean and the trains really do run to the second.  Poor old british trains 
Inadvertently I dressed jack in a light blue shirt. Sports fail 
Inauspicious start to the day...dropping my tea mug 
inbox = 272. If there's anything in there I need to get to urgently, dm me. 
INBOX INBOX INBOX. nothing yet  stupid waiting time, grr.
Inc.com's guide to business valuation http://www.inc.com/valuation -- with a complete absence of software or tech 
Inching my way home from dropping parents off at the airport. They'll be gone for 9 days!! 
income statement in the sunshine 
incorporating Rydeka: second attempt, address is wrong, need to redo all documents, back to square one 
Increadible day with the family. Now to get some work done! 
increasd heart rate, headache,i kip feelin rily cold &amp;hot at d same time.. -FEVER.. 
increasingly relying on google to find words as I translate my website from eng to swe. and on the swedish national day of all days 
incredible back pain.  
Incredible weather today.  Too bad I was working all day and only got a short ride on the bike tonight  
Incredibly disappointed at the surfing conditions in Muizenberg today. All forecasts lied to me 
incredibly sad @ANZozCEO is leaving us  http://tinyurl.com/capq2c
incredibly sick and what am i doing? homework. 
Incredibly tired, got no idea what to do next 
incredibly, immensely indecisive 
Indeed a heart-breaking story.  @ecowarriorr @elaineishere: This is just sad. Search for Air France Flight 447 hindered by ocean garbage
Indeed it is luc, indeed it is  lol. STILL makin pillow, listenin to muzik though..ima gettin there! Jukka+Jussi= Love lol TG xxxx
indi q lam qng dpt maging masaya aq o malungkot..extended mapua klasses  pag nagresume na ung klasses sa 25..me pasok 2wing sunday..ouch! 
India at her uncle's and cousins for dinner with my ex, feel bad coz I just couldn't face it, FUCK I hate it when it begins to fray 
India is out of T20 world cup 
India ousted of the world T20 event in England 
India out of T20 word cup 
india outta the T20 worldcup... All credit to Ravindra Jadeja and Dhoni fr the poor display against england! 
India ready for T20 WC, with a loss 
Indian Diamond dealers and manufacturers are speculating with prices 
Indian food in. One hour later - Indian food out. Tastes great, less filling.  
indian meal being wrecked by REALLY loud group of lager louts 
Indiana is being exceptionally barky this morning. 
indians are breaking my heart 
indie queer tonight. shots and long islands! i wanna straighten my hair but i dont think i have time 
Indoors indoors. I guess I can't go outside the whole time of June 
industrial tommorow! oh yeah &amp; I get to go see a bunch of old people go away forever &amp; I will probably cry all over the place. 
ineeeeeed jonas brothers in argentina 
Inefficient week days keeps eating weekends. Needs to be stopped 
Inevereverwanttofallinloveagain.  What a terrible tweet!
inexplicable......suddenly the sun..nope it's not up yet. I've got a fever all of a sudden 
Infact, the whole back area is a mess  http://twitpic.com/5p2zs
Infamous delayed in uk? I was in game and on poster it said 12th June 
infamous is some good shit to bad im to cheap to buy it 
inFamous on the PS3 = AWESOME. My eyes are so sore now though 
Infante has a blue cast on his broken hand. 
inflammatory bowel disease is a seldom spoke of miserable condition 
Infomercials are the best. I need vitamins 
informed by coco that Becca and I won't be allowed into @refreshokc tonight because of an okcCoCo invoice we're disputing. Very sad. 
InfoVis paper rejected 
ing again like in a another hour   ...but it wont be to long now
ingas.. that can't be good ... 
ingin album Pletnev mainin piano Rach  http://plurk.com/p/12kkgs
Inglewoooood. Please text me  6478019134.
Inglis is a freak. This match is now effectively over as a contest. QLD will lead origin series 1-0.  #soo #origin
Injured all over. But I can play with bad knees, wrists, and shin splits. It's my back that could take me out. Get the x-ray today. 
Injured at home after mountain bike crash on saturday 
Injured my hand. ow 
injured my thumb. oh the pain. owch. 
Injured person at limehouse on the platform. Stopped all dlr trains in all directions. Great 
injured young student dies  graphic http://bit.ly/16NJm8  #iranelection #neda
Inlaws in from CA and PA. Went to Metamora, too hot to shop 
in-laws over for a surprise dinner - no that i mind as they are pretty cool people.  still means no work for me tonight 
I'nn so bored ervryday 
innocent not so innocent 
Innotek spray collar not working, but still hesitant to get a shock collar 
In-n-Out was good! give me a tummy ache though 
Innuendo by Queen may be their most magnificent album. Whenever I finish the last song, &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; … &quot;Goodbye Freddie&quot;  #Queen
inny is sad too  haha but shes happy.melancholia swept her away!
inoo!! im begging mark on here to come here! i really hate it when ppl sell them on ebay tho yeno! thats why i avnt got any for green day 
Input Textfields in #papervision3d not working 
Insane! Check out results of MTV Movie Awards  http://bit.ly/uuZIO
insane.. am actually home &amp; not working! hate being sick 
Inside fun today - my poor son is really sick again today  Poor thing has this cough back again. The joys of going to kindergarten I guess
Inside joke... since New Moon is coming to theaters on Thanksgiving. I don't have enough twitter friends that are Twilight fans 
inside on a beautiful day! 
Inside the store...another line  http://twitpic.com/7tzej
Insomnia + hayfever = a very irritated bunny 
Insomnia again 
Insomnia damnit..working in a few hours 
insomnia is a bad thing 
Insomnia is back.  I guess I'll be returning to my zombie stage again. Work is going to be brutal.
insomnia is for the birds and I don't mean the twitter kind 
Insomnia is getting the best of me. I need my girlfriend 
Insomnia is out of control tonight--haven't slept a wink. 
Insomnia kicked in again. 5:30 am. Ick 
Insomnia robbed me of my energy this morning....first bout of it I've had in quite a while. 
Insomnia round 2 
Insomnia sucks.  
Insomnia. D'you know... It's 2am and I still can't keep my eyes closing. Damn! Again? I bet it's 4 or 5 
Insomnia. Trying real hard to sleep 
Insomnia...awesome 
insomniaa its been over a week ... need to clear my mind  cuz this isnt healthy
insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|
insomniaaa..reading francesca lia block with a cup of milk 
Insomniac. Shouldn't have drunk coffee at 18:30 
Insomnia-ing 
InsomniUGH. 
Inspired 2 invest in singing lessons again. Sad that brett manning lives in nashville and not bris  vocal genius!
Inspired by today's Sunday Times, how many festivals are you doing this summer? I'm booked for only 2 so far 
Inspite of being a big enthusiast and evangelist, Google still does not like me.2 weeks, and still no Wave invitation 
Installed 3.0 on my iPhone and now the wifi doesn't work. 
Installed Boot Camp drivers for Apple Keyboard as I'm planning to buy one tomorrow...pity the control panel doesn't work 
@kmd117 can't go to samueltwitt1 concert. someone bailed out on me. 
@KMegel if there is a Black Cat MAM I'm going to have all the Black Cats! Lol! Studded Fling I want oh so badly 
@kmegzz1 KATE! i wanted u to sign me t-shirt! 
@kmi_paisita Awwwwwwww Mattias &amp; the Pony at so cute! I wish I could have been there... 
@kmillerheidke I'm still waiting for my receipt! 
@kmillerheidke looks like i'm now in the studio tonight  Dave and John from the band will be there though, they'll say hi!
@KMinjee YOU WENT ON A DATE?! that makes me jealous  lol jk
@kminnetonka I heard it's been raining bad I was gonna come get tatted but not in this rain 
@kmishael i feel bad for selena too. it sad.  and my bday is on feb. 17
@kmisheff I want sooooome 
@KMKlenke btw - tried viewing your Australia pics but they wouldn't come up sad 
@kmmxo i rather not talk about it 
@kmoaton: LOL  - That's quality snark, 140 characters or less!  I bet it'd devolve into &quot;Your mom&quot; jokes, though... 
@Kmoennig  insomnia sucks. i havent gone to bed til after 6am these past few nights! 
@kmoerenhout Oh, Koos I'm sorry. I wouldn't have expected that with the form you showed at Dauphiné and your TT. Disappointing for sure 
@kmohr25 yeh its only level 2 right now though... 
@kmoney5283 Amoney sounds lame 
@KMoodie: yeah dinner was good, I had a really good drink. I saved you some and some of my dessert. I'm sorry the night was crap.  *hug*
@kmorning so guess who also ended up super cooked 
@kmueller62 man they're so appreciative 
@kmwindmill is here ! woop woop , would be better if we didnt have to go to school tomorrow 
@kn0thing Done and done... wish I was back there, stupid mondays  http://imgur.com/4qUMd.jpg
@knackeredwriter wtf? where r u going &amp; y wasn't i invited?! 
@KnaKnook I doubt that will stop the tears, chauncey and melo looked pretty sad b4 the game was over 
@Knaledge609 i am  i feell left out too brah  but i thought u had mad tattoos son
@KNAN not too sure.  I don't sleep many hours on average anyway it seems.  
@knapneder just some stupid trouble at university because a mentor made a mistake 
@knarleysurfer54 http://twitpic.com/7olm0 - wtf? when are you coming home? 
@KnatpinK Moving away? What the deal is, lady? 
@knatr lol oh how true. Its funny but sad. Sad cuz its true 
@kneace where are youuu? 
@kneeon I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@KngDough What's your monthly bill? We were paying $100+/- a few for Charter cable and internet. Canceled cable, now pay $69 for Internet 
@kngmhrj sorry rushi i accidentally hung up on you 
@Kngston someone i work with today told me that if i took a &quot;real age&quot; test, it would tell me i'm 45 
@kniceley15 drive to elon &amp; help me get my apartment ready 
@KNichole25 I'm so jealous. I wish I could move away soon. Stupid school 
@KNicholeMusic no ma'am, it doesn't. I wish it did tho 
@knightbergsgirl i did the same thing, but you can only go back 100 pages, so now a lot it gone 
@KnightGirlLinz - that's ok, i know you are a busy gal! No havent got the May Today show, that's the one we didnt get last song here 
@knightgirllinz baaad Linz, too... Rather... Sheesh... Text fingers are broked 
@knightkr ...no hubby for two days should be  not !!! ...u make me laugh...
@knightleyyeahh I wasn't kidding! 
@KnightOnline does this include coin that has gone when servers were took offline? i lost 10gb from a succesful trade when they went down 
@KnightOnline Well im providing my feedback...Still APR error...nothing changed.  
@KnightOnline will any gm's possibly be on for felankor restart?... Koxp'ers on ionia especially are always there waiting 
@Knightpkf ur a goodlookin man.. ull defo get that 29th call!! its just a shame it cant b mee!..   x x
@Knightron  as usual i didnt get to see u...hope ur flite is well...
@knightryder76 Damn wish I had VH1 soul I want to watch MC 
@knightsangel @nextmrsmcintyre i have entered too, hope a UK girl gets it, cant wait to hear tomorrow but i know it wouldnt be me 
@knightsangel parents to expect you to drive 
@KnightsofGuild   Sad face.  Okay thanks.
@knightwise in Australia it's that or the Iliad for - get this - one grand Australian. Sony doesn't want to release here 
@knilline I'm not!  I'm just saying, it's different than the Rifle.
@knitboy 20 mind? Is it still sunny out? I've been trapped indoors all day 
@knitch  That sucks so hard.
@knitch Don't have any.  Just raspberry &amp; balsamic. 
@knitch It bums me that you're so far away too.  When are they going to make transporters already?
@knitgnat oh no! what is going on? 
@knitkat it stings 
@knitmeapony The sad thing is that this was a response to the psychologists who helped torture suspects at Gitmo. 
@knitness No.. I hope you don't haz teh sicks too! 
@knitta_please i hear ya 
@KnittingDaisies Ugh same here  Been putting it off all day.
@knittingknots: good to hear!  Being sick sucks 
@knittingpatch  Hoping you feel better! U want a tea with lemon and honey? What store are you near?
@knittingpatch I'm afraid to look!  Too many other expenses right now.  
@knitwits1 @Beaniebanks  just a case of photographing them all now 
@knitwits1 sorry to hear that. its awful  anything that is soothing is such a relief.
@knivesinmyeyes Arrrrrgh, moth eggs.  Also that Dana dressing room sign is never going to stop amusing me, you should show them the photo.
@knkartha they are US based shipping costs a bomb  but they have a really cool tee template kit.. thanks for the link!
@knlsmom Totally missed that part.  Was trying 2 device a plan to run into him, but I was 2 shy! But it was funny because if we stayed...
@knmn That gives a bad impression. Thumbs down ASDA. 
@KnobNots   No one goes with ME when I go fishing!!!   
@knobsie123 some of us aren't so lucky 
@knOcCerz i put mine on myspace and i got more but i been on twitter for ages so mine is low too 
@knockemdeadmax I never got my drunk twitter message you promised me 
@Knot2serious oh! Btw,@djrocko951 &amp; I tried to go to that Cuban buffet I told u about,so excited..it's closed on Mondays  SAD story!
@knotby9 HEY Where were you at today? #TheGanjaBus just isn't  same when your not on it  
@knotby9 It's not a good thing when shopping sucks. I'm sorry 
@knottyknitty OMG! I'm so sorry, Kathy.   Maybe he'll come to his senses when he realizes what he's losing. I'm here if you need me. *hug*
@Knouvacaine That bitch been tryna take my coochie since i got in here 
@knowingme Achja, Vale OUT 
@knowlt22 its a beautiful day today...but I worked all day  Are you free this week to hang out?
@knowmyheart yourmomsawhore4 from lj and jughood and a BUNCH of people that go to the local college. it's on my facebook, too. 
@knowsnotmuch Is it my party? It is supposed to be &quot;our&quot; party! Read the tweet you posted again! It says &quot;rampantheart named her party&quot; 
@KoalaChris It's beautiful here, and I am finally feeling better. But now my wife and son are sick 
@koalastar  did they give you antiobiotics?
@koalaxninja I totally wanted to go to that show tonight but my brother had his graduation 
@koangirl Oh that sounds so delicious and wonderful! Here it's hot and we're having toast and coffee. 
@kob Oh no! I just changed my icon this afternoon. Please reconsider. 
@kobebryant240 what?0h sooo sad  but why?
@kobinaceous  It has turned into a beautiful non-rainy sunny day 
@kobunheat Lucky people 
@Kobus_debeer I'm all for snakes being fed and all - just not LIVE cute little bunnies 
@Kodo LOL.  Please stop, you really do scare me.  
@Kodo Thanks! Yes, I started Zach at age 3.5. He's a brilliant kid. I'm moving to Oz,however, and it breaks my heart to leave Zach. 
@koduckgirl Keep getting &quot;private&quot; message on your links to the POW group on Flickr.  
@koduckgirl yeh, tell Tom hi for us! unfortunately @de11e and I can't make it tonight. 
@kodys_angel haven't been outside since 7am 
@Koffeeinschock yes, sorry  ok let's resurrect John too 
@KoffeeMug no .. I WISSSHHHHH.  whats doing today with u?
@Kogenre crap, im a week out on the geek meet ?  i guess i have been quite distracted the past week, doh #kilaumeet
@Kogenre Yea best stop before it a puncture occurs... oh god that was bad  #punfail
@kogibbq Do you guys ever come to Hollywood area?  lol
@KogumaKun Sorry  I didnt abandon you, honest! Why no movie?
@kohne If you wanna feel you are better than your mate, yet you consider yourself trash, ya gotta sink low. Is sad to watch. 
@KoiFishSushi I'm always worried that I'll oversleep if I take something 
@KoiFishSushi yeah...that's understandable 
@koifusionpdx i was so close to the tacos...one spot too late 
@koifusionpdx where are you? 
@koinovic I told you many times how to do well on exams, you didn't take my advice 
@koist  ahhh i used to have one of them, ended bad tho  oh well! not 2nite tho?! why so? after the dream last nite ud think ud be gagging!
@koist What? You've seen Mabels mouth too? But, I thought I was the only one! Im devastated , im off to cry into my pillow 
@koithefish No applecare...but...@davecurlee is thinking it's a &quot;normal&quot; G5 problem of power supply.  Advised to sell it.  
@kojobaffoe Me too!!  This has not been a good couple of weeks for Egyptian football.
@kokapellie Not sure yet. Jim is trying to clean something with it now to see if it helps. May have to call someone 
@kokas26 i like those 2.. but, the l word was the best tv show ever. i mean, it should continue! wtf im gonna do without my alice? 
@kokeshi_me I tried to vote, but the link won't open on my computer. 
@kokogirl nooooo, mommy is not here.... 
@kokostasia bah  it's so immature and inconsiderate. I've always had short haircuts, never got used to the comments though. *hugs*
@KokoVonDoggy Oh, no! You're being boarded 
@kokupuff LMAO! Yo, while you playing they DID escort a nig out. 
@kol1986 i saw that! it's horrible! 
@kol1986 Just saw your fan attack. How CRAZY is that.  Well I guess it's more body guards for you 
@Kollegiate_Icon I'm still here, but unfortunately we have no time 2 chill.     I'm out 2morrow a.m.
@kollektor NZ climate not as drought affected - more flowers, less heat - hot weather caused honey to break wax and run from the hives 
@Kollies no I haven't, that actually looks scary to me too 
@kolorsbyIRF im allergic to their fur. asthma.  ooooh! transformers was awesome! abit slow on certain parts but overall thumbs up
@komcia Grono was good because of its discussion boards. Facebook sucks, because there's no profile customization capabilities 
@komick its not as nice as it could be, coming in my window and getting everything wet 
@Komodokat  I went with my bf at 4am so he could get his this morning! I think I was the only one in the store not buying one  I has no $$
@konabayfabrics MQS is going on at the Overland Park, KS Convention Center, but I can't go until Saturday cuz I have to work 
@konabess Be there Tuesday...sorry 
@Konfirmed awww. I'm Pissed!!! i wont talk to u again.. My Love for yO has Finished!! 
@Konfirmed Yea....ive been awake ..... I think i'm not Normal! lol! 
@konichiwasarah are u reading ontd? they keep talking about the hills 
@konkonkon you not coming home today? 
@KonradS The FCC are going to arrest me for listening to music I ripped from a CD? 
@konst4nt1ne im sick  if i wasnt, id be at the show with ya!
@konstantinshero now my heart isnt cold  but im still missing you.
@Konstpaus awww thank you :] &lt;3 i need all the luck i can get haha. and i've stopped resting, need to study 
@Konstpaus you're making me hungry! 
@Konsultpappan ha ha damn right CPT sucks nowadays from a hub perspective. Amomst no decent directflights to EU. 
@KooHyeSun ah ah ah!!! I like u a lot! U're so adorable! I really wanna read ur book Tango, but it hasn't been published in Vietnam yet 
@kookywitch I decided to stay at home, too. Still sick. And I really hate 8 am classes. 
@koolbanana12  I don't know her, but I am praying for Maggie and her family. May God grant her strength and peace through this storm.
@KoolCidTeyana love you twin &lt;3 when will i ever see you again 
@KoolGeekz @KoolGeekz watching this asian horror movie.... alone 
@koolkid107 I wish 
@koolkid107 my scars are hurting  well just one
@KoolQua lmao Im slackin on twitter they dont like me on herr' on myspace Im at 4,000 lmaooooooooooooooo  ....
@koolrunnins Not so much NOTHING at all to do with me, but definitely liked someone who didn't feel totally the same way I did. 
@kopfanatic LMAOOOO. I need someone to help me sort out the ugly ones though. 
@kopfanatic Lol ur sooo mean 
@kopigao @debbieseraphina  haha powerful lah u  lolz guess i'm out of the crowd liao  haha
@kopigao that's upsetting! He's so young! 
@kopper good luck, but if it's what you said at cb the other night - surgery is on the horizon for you. 
@koptalk hoping for a good scoreline today, about 4/5 goals.. and hope Torres plays, Gerrard and Torres need to play together! 
@korbz Got a feeling 3.0 will be released in the morning for each country. Chances are iTunes won't pick it up until tea time though 
@Kordwar aye.. but i never realized it got corrupted and twisted.. before just a pure source of revenge or hazing. now? bad.. very bad. 
@koreanmami182 Yeah me too.  I was a big time club girl before marriage and kids 
@koreas I have no idea! It was in the newspaper today that they were going to auction it on the 9th though 
@koreas I'm pretty sure that they're going to auction my house 
@koreas it's okay bb, mtv sucks anyway   i only watch it now for made and true life!
@koreekreeper i am turning mine off tomorrow casue i cant get text messeges while i am in europe 
@koreekreeper i can still update from my phone. i just dont get anyones updates 
@koreelove my bad, visa signature ''presale''.. I cant get mine til next pay day.  but im gonna make it happen!
@koreymadness who are they?  who be talking about me?
@koriannespeaks  I'm scared of being a &quot;grown up&quot; I think.
@koriannespeaks In liek a month. 
@koriannespeaks peanut butter sandwich? 
@koridlee: Geez cousin!! I hope you dont have to have surgery 
@Korinne93 Noooo you reached me!!! We are both at 17 now! 
@kornfan2007 If people would not buy at that price they would not sell at that price, &quot;The price the market will bare&quot; 
@Korrawi that's because you suck! :p lol urgh I still not feeling better lol 
@KoruCottage no more copies  let me know if you have another signed one, a friend of mine is fighting cancer
@korybing gee- that sucks,  
@korybing Parking tickets are evil and horrible.  Get yourself something hot to drink and a pillow to punch/stomp/bite/throw/tear apart.
@koset I'm in MA  just supporting the team from afar. Make sure you say hi to my team mates though!
@kosheracademic I know you said you'd send it, but I don't think I ever got it. Just searched inbox and don't see it? 
@kosheracademic seems you shared your cold with me  - r u feeling any better?
@kosmosxipo I'm so sorry  How unfortunate and sad
@KoSoVaR  got a limit sell @ .94 for even pretty much, cover commissions. Didn't like my entry on this one 
@KoSoVaR I thought of the good ole days of ZodTTD when I saw Michael Gurr too! He wrote me a song and I never got the MP3. 
@KOTS90 You're going to Brighton and I'm back in Norwich 
@koula5 shame!!! That's too bloody early in winter! 
@Kouneli Be happy you have low voltage then. 
@Kouneli Car crash?  You'll be sleeping a long while if you do that. D:
@kourtneelynne  sucks about the weather  I'm glad i left town when I did. But then again, it always seems to rain in FL this time of year.
@KourtneyKardash I didnt realize there was a marathon!  I just turned it on-so i will watch it from here on out lol
@KourtneyKardash i hate this weather! When u have lived here ure whole life u get used to it...may is always rainy  @RobKardashian
@KourtneyKardash I'll be home working, I miss your fams show   Have a nice day!!
@KourtneyKardash lucky bitch! haha we have COLDDD rain up here in MA  i would give anything for hot rain right now!
@KourtneyKardash where u goin? 
@KourtneyKardash working like a dog shield from the miami sun 
@kourtneykardash..I hate to bother but i wanted to check out dash in miami n cant find the address 
@koutetsuhime it was amazingly good, cruise is such a good actor! guuhhh saaad 
@kovshenin hey wordpressaholic! Have you found any hooks for when widgets are put in a sidebar / inactive state? I can't 
@Kovz Me too. I was up half the night trying to not puke 
@Kozzmo7 Because I'm sad for the Nuggets! It was Melo's 1st time going passed the 1st round and it's his b day today! 
@kp_ @BreanneStorey How was Gears and Beers last night. Wish we could have came 
@KPappsmear I'm unemployed and I STILL don't qualify. 
@kparkpar I was in Tampa last weekend but doing stuff with my dad; it was his birthday. I dunno when I'll be in town next  Miss you too!
@kpatthethird and i got oil all over your mouse pad. sowwy 
@kpauline Oh no  &gt;&lt; Why, what exactly happened? 
@kpcom I just looked at your profile, it says you are a suprs fan! Yuk! I feel sorry for you 
@kpeneyra don't know why Gmail is so unstable(though is a lab feature), that's why for 5 years, it is still beta? 
@kpereira awh i was actually gonna PAY to see it 2  thanks for the warning 
@kpereira I'm jealous.  I've only been once.  I work at Mot and just don't have the need to attend anymore   Have fun!
@kpereira Kevin, is that your dad?  ????
@KPfefferle Checked it out on a Virtual Machine w/ IE7 &amp; seemed 2 be ok, if not a little jittery. Nothing obvious in the script either  mm
@kpfromthev It's definitely painful. Imagine if someone cut the tip off one of your fingers. It'd hurt! 
@kplawver Know exactly what you mean.. 
@kpnang It was so fun ate. Too bad you and Ate Queen weren't there. 
@kpnang OO NGA!  whyyy lebron whyy. whyy susan whyyy.
@kpop I wasn't invited  I'm not cool
@kPorcalla hey I heard u moved 
@kpreyes Remember my bum leg? Strikes back this time its serious 
@kpThomas what's crystal castle? And u saw dj am and the yeahs yeahs? 
@kpupillo OMG - poor little thing! I hope she feels better. I'm sure she's pretty bummer out 
@kpy5330 Finals! 
@kpy5330 KPY didn't tweet me today. 
@kquandel I'm not horny  totally over sex
@kquandel It was amazing! I came in 7th...  
@kquickthewriter, i'll be workin this wknd 
@kr_sten I wish Blender still existed. Everything fun and Maxim-extra has disappeared. 
@kr_sten No clue -- this is like the perfect end to a really bad day though. 
@kr0501 tell me about it 
@kr0y chiroptera runs his fingers in my absence  , that day he declared i ws preg, and a bot started following me !
@krailton No sunshine here  - still wish I was at home rather than work though!
@kraimee oh no!  what are you putting on it?
@kramthomas nah, just packed as anything. body heat 
@KRANGofEZACCESS I KNOW 
@KraseyBeauty Good morniiiing! Yes yes...we must catch up. Wanna go for a mani again today? Oh waiit.....  lol!
@KraseyBeauty omg. Lucky bum  Canada always miss out awesome events like those. Lolz keep us up to date tmr 
@KraseyBeauty Yes it should!  Where's the food gone to?  
@Kratos111 - Didn't see you online  Wanna play now?
@KraveZoe FOLLOW ME PLEASE I HAVE NO FRIENDS 
@kravmascara hi sarah. Not doing brilliant fitness-wise tbh - had a re-occurence of shoulder problem, my fault entirely. nerve thing 
@KravStorm Sorry about the head pain. 
@kRaZy_FrEaK495 hows guitar hero? lol and matts gone  idk why...he didnt do anythign i dont think lol
@kRaZy_FrEaK495 I know  we all just need to be more careful in future I think.. did he try to add you on msn?
@KrazyKid I'm fine babe. You? @FreshLikeFebrez Ugh. You suck. @YoBoiPat I'm well. You? @AfricanoBOi YouTube is wack. @siirensiiren   
@krazywane them.  Just sucks that Youtube takes them off, I didn't get a chance to save the ones from the making of Give It Up. 
@kreacheryl DONT WORRY THEYRE GONNA BE FINE 
@kreacheryl hopefully by an hour and a half 
@kreacheryl its the day before fathers day and i work at hallmark so i HOOOPE i'm not bored 
@kreacheryl ps its my fault they stole your gif  JUST CMON DOWN MOLLIE. literally.
@kreativemess job searching in general hon 
@kredcali86 lol mayb ur right but its already broke  lol
@KRedCali86 Ok. &amp;&amp; I know there's not. 
@KredibleAlerts. I am super mad I'm not ther 
@Kree8ev1 It's not working 
@Kreeoni I can't follow that one 
@krees91 lol, i still need to geta camera...  iam back home now so sesh or something soon
@kreeshaturner love that show!!! I have to wait till tomorrow to watch it online  no cable
@kreitz nope, haven't seen it yet.  I'm jealous. 
@KremePuffi Thank you...my teddy bear is sad. I don't even think fish would cheer me up 
@kremsersenf Away from Tubingen and the Germs, yes, away from friends, not so much 
@Krftd Yeah .. sorry it slipped my mind ... don't know any  except Blu Water Grill .. google that with hornsby
@krglive @Eiron doesn't like hers to be jailbroken and unlocked  hence my dilemma
@krglive Only jailbreak but no unlocking for the 3G yet 
@kricket_rc234 @FayeSwinney tweets about davids' concert promo makes me sad too!  argh! fearless! more promos please! they should hire us!
@kricket_rc234 i actually went to 2 NBS branches here in cubao but couldnt find the dang card  will try again tomorrow. haha
@kricket_rc234 I should totally hang out with you guys more! I didn't even see Archucook close up in person. UGH 
@KriegerStyle I would miss the fun and nice weather 
@krikaxoxo Please, change your password. #needfolowers is using your account to spam me 
@kriley19 Can you come figure out who's putting graffiti on our buildings next? 
@KrimsonKing I've been tryin for 2 days now   Twitter tryna tell me something about my new pic lol  Moral of the story: Stick w/ the old?
@KrinaR come back to the forum 
@kris1oxo helloooooo lovvvuuhhh! Noo I'm walking from the train now 
@KrisAllenmusic Blown away?!?! For real? All was well until the awful CGI werewolf transition...into a fluffy puppy dog?!?!? Sad 
@KrisAllenmusic haha it looks good! I juts hate how fake the animation looks, like when hes a wolf.. 
@KrisAllenmusic is number one on RX today. BYE @DavidArchie  AT LEAST HE'S NUMBER TWO. )
@krisbeh don't tease me  he's coming two days after my  bday and I don't get to see him 
@krisbotha Wait until the pity kicks in (if it already hasn't).  That one's always the worst.    Hope you're doing okay, baybeh.
@KrisBuytaert I'm on vacation , well actually , but  for zoocamp
@KrisCamp The Grey's season finale was soooo sad! I can't believe Iz and George both died!  Next season won't be the same w/out them.
@krisclark wee tiny fire LOL yeah girl got raped 
@Kriscolee  can that count as a carb and a protein for me??? 
@KrisColvin ahem...and yet...you're not green yet kris! 
@KrisColvin What format are the templates? I don't have any adobe software 
@krisgarvey that's so upsetting. She and Ryan never had a chance to wed 
@krisgreen65 v good thanks. just watched coach trip ep 25  Looking forward to our &lt;s&gt;lunch&lt;/s&gt; coffee with brendan on tues!
@krish3na Really!  oh well. it's next week already. so many things to do for us, SAC! ugh, hassle.
@krishaleanne I will! 
@krishgm I've just found out that my new camera has been obsoleted. It's always the same... 
@krishnalus Shiiiit man! Need to get over there fast! HAHA. Perooo, I have this thing tomorrow. 
@KrisKaine That's a cool idea. I did a couple a while back... I'm really not that good at it. 
@krismac702 Barfy...not well. Must postpone.  
@krismorris I am now so excited! Bet they won't show it at any mainstream cinema though... 
@KrisMTS  yes, a bunch of us without pics 
@KrisRobocop aww man thats bad, hows the flat tho? it nice? I flashed my firmware and lost ALL of my mobile numbers  i could cry!
@KrisRobocop just ide but it two disks set up as a raid, my other hd enclosure wont read ether of them 
@krissemm it's okay. i didn't leave you!!! i'm still a slave to f21 
@krisshuntx3 aw i'm sorry  i would've been so bummed. how long is she going to be in NYC? i wanna try to meet her next time too haha
@krissielee_ No one apart from Lex, sadly.  Sorry, babe...
@krissisandvik Awww  Well, you probably wouldn't have been able to reach me anyways, since I didn't realize my phone was off til 11am!
@krisskrossed aww, the beachs by me are pretty much pollutated too 
@krissssssstinaa  Talk to me about it.
@krisstraub  is there a moderater in there who can help me 
@Krissums dude im so going to NY for a week, but when i get back its soooo a plan. i miss you 
@krissy90220 I have this nail strengther from them but nothing works for my  nails 
@krissyb  i hate it when it happens to me... never know what to do with myself - best to chill out, go for walks, etc.
@krissyb thanks Krissy. Keeping my fingers crossed that something still can be done. 
@krissychau  Jealous... I have to go back to high school to play piano, I haven't played on in AGES.
@Krissyibiza When doesn't he annoy me? I'm seeing doc soon, as being sick constantly. Don't want to get out of bed 
@KrissyKiss damn where's the twitter police at...I just been threaten  lol
@KrissyKris725 I hope your big sis is okay. 
@krissysalisbury hope to catch u - haven't chatted for a while   how r u?
@krist0ph3r @hg6789 hmm,.. Its so difficult gifting a person, who has everything,.,..  
@krist0ph3r arrey bhai thoda apna flirting skills hume bhi de do. I need it badly 
@krist0ph3r Dude totally exhausted maan, didn't even take a train. Ma friend picked me up on the way back to Panvel. 
@krist0ph3r hey! it's open to all wimmin! We lust &amp; drool too 
@krist0ph3r Yesterday I heard a kid of say 10-12 swear in the choicest language possible, at a supermarket. Innocence lost probably.. 
@krist69 I wish I could afford to go on holiday. 
@krista_redbox wait...how can Celcom try to poach from Streamyx? Today has been the worst I've had in 4 months 
@KristaConnects that's a good one. i missed the chance to see them two weeks ago in austin. 
@kristafromsyd I can't go listen! No computer!  YOU SUCK!!! Jokes, I don't think you suck ;-)
@kristainlondon Don't worry, my passport photo once gave me a free upgrade since the lady in BA's check-in laughed so hard at it. 
@KristaMichele  That sucks. 
@kristanmarie  at least you dont have to sit through gradution haha i bet itll rain
@kristaphoto All the weddings I've been to were over in no time. I never got a chance to cry. 
@kristarella Hi, thanks for your time ;) Here is the link, I already searched in the forum and find nothing  http://migre.me/1Gbk Thx!!
@kristarella They cancelled the American version  I'll have to check out the engrish version
@kristarenae sorry I've been half AFK all afternoon, and I woke up pretty late  I'm sorry, I also just checked my phone now.
@krisTeaa have you tried studying with mia ... LMFAO 
@kristebo Aww, I miss Two Buck Chuck! No Trader Joe's in Wichita!   You make grad school look so glamorous... Wine and lasers... ::envy::
@Kristeen87 I wish boys were dead that's all.  wtf! Did you get the car to the shop though? That's crazy  hope everythings okay 
@KristelAce it's not the actual laundry that takes me several days, it's the putting away of all the clothes that takes me about 3 weeks 
@kristen_arnett I hope you don't think I am mean 
@Kristen_Houston if I wake up like this, there's no way I can work! 
@Kristen_Painter Nope I'm writing. I think I'm too swollen and waddley for Wolverine.  #Wolverine
@kristen_x i'm going to try and not assume that that's about me. 
@kristenbyers  No more dog  Had to give her up, she had to many &quot;issues&quot;   But I would take her if I still had her...
@KristenCampisi hey you know i wish i could find a way to get you there too  but after my weekend i soo need a hug from @JonathanRKnight
@KristenCampisi Is my buddy here? I miss you. I need you. 
@KristenCampisi What makes me feel really bad is if @joeymcintyre picks me as a volunteer for the book drive. Can't commit to it now. 
@kristencarta Did ya go to the Dentist too? I got a phobia, I have to be sedated or I'll scream, slap, &amp; have a panic attack. Drama Queen 
@kristencrazy  I can't help myself; it's a habit, get like me!
@KristenDory oh, so the rest adds up to 75 a day? hmm. well, maybe I have less than that to read, then. i'm struggling with the oresteia 
@kristeneileen hey hope you're feeling better.  I've had a week of being sick and it's not fun.  Feel better...
@kristenemorse miss u too, haha. i have heart burn from eating hot wings 
@KristenGraham that doesn't sound good 
@KristenJaymes9 ur password was twillightchick  kinda easy 2 figure out dont u think? 
@KristenJStewart good good, i bet he gets pretty irritated when people attck him, poor rob 
@KristenJStewart wait does rob really not have one?! 
@KristenjStewart Why did you not kiss Rob onstage at the VMAs?! 
@KristenjStewart why you don't kiss Rob?  LOL
@kristenkreuk fiuhh, nice to get info from you, i'm one of your fans from indonesia. and still waiting for your movie in my country  thanx
@kristenlubbe I would drink AMP but I don't think they have a sugar free version 
@kristenmedina88 oh hahaha! everyone's going to wear dress ba?! i don't have an outfit yet! 
@kristenmstewart @ameliastrauss Ugh! I'm going to have to take a rain check today too! I've got to be way out 280 by 1 p.m. 
@Kristenn i'm so fucking jealous! I can't get mine until friday! 
@kristennn2 dude i know! i wanted to cry. she'll probably be in la too 
@kristennnnnnn I love that kid sfm. Sweet, talented, funny, lil geeky...though The Cab makes me sad now. Ian. 
@kristennnnnnn I want her at the Toronto show  haha
@KristenPaints  it's so empty without you guys   I miss you
@kristensaywhaa he is an ass. .. .. .. hM ..  did you watch the first episodeee? i freakin missed it 
@kristensquire Your work schedule makes me sad. 
@kristenstewart9 awwwhhhh how sad 
@kristenstewart9 GREAT TRAILER!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wasn't sure how Taylor would do but he was great! I'm gonna cry when I go to see New Moon! 
@kristenstewart9 Here in Bergen(Norway) we don't have fruit loops  Is it any good?
@kristenstewart9 i saw you guys on E.T and i am pumped for new moon. although i still have not seen adventureland.  having fun in canada?
@kristenstewart9 ignore all those people talkin trash. They have nothin better 2 do, so they obsess over other peoples lives. Sad 
@kristenstewart9 it's difficult for us to know if you are the real kristen 
@kristenstewart9 You spilled the popcorn :O Now it's not eatable anymore  ( Was it ? &gt;.&lt; xD ) jk
@kristenyt  that's why I need to be there...To represent the Blackberries 
@kristi04 yeah not bad, two more this week then done. Got sick though, and now I can't talk 
@kristianava i didnt like them    im a hater
@kristianc great! Though can't seem to sleep 
@kristianc Haha shhh! Still achey today as well. I mustn't be sleeping properly or somehing.  boo!
@kristianc haven't watched south park in years! 
@kristianc I just did a project on canada so hard 
@kristianhouse I even won some VIP tickets yesterday but there's no way I can get there in time  Gutted! Work those Halfords boys over!
@KristianMoon You can - i'm a size 14 trouser at the moment  What curry did you have?!
@KristiBice  just lonely to night  lol 
@Kristie1311 They cut a few songs but I think that's it 
@KristieMac That's horrible!  Why?
@KristieMcNealy love it, mine used to eat the radishes too, now they won't touch them.  oh the joy of teenagers.
@KristienAntwerp Committee to Protect Journalists. Sowwy. 
@kristierenee I know..it makes me sad too 
@kristiewells LOL!! I would have walked over hot communicators to get the chance to have a beer with you; alas it just could not happen 
@kristiieee what happened bb?  who do i need to beat up?
@kristiiiiine it was totally the boys. they always crack me up &lt;3 THANKS BB! twitter's being mean and won't let me change my pic 
@kristiiiiine Neither does England  Well, minus the Brits but who cares about that?
@kristiluvsnkotb LOL!Don't sell mountain DEW here   Would buy it in BULK &amp; just stare @it in my livingroom..I'm creepy like that sometimes
@KristiM88 Yeah me too....she put up a good fight &amp; will be sorely missed 
@kristimomo ugh jealllllll that's totally a chrys &amp; kris thinggggg 
@kristin_alise I am sad 4 u now  I'll mail you a meat cookie to make up for it 
@Kristin61378 I am having a yummy drink at the melting pot, so good. I am still missing DDub. Too 
@kristina_chang why are you not picking uppp? picnic w/ annabelle on monday now  still wanna eat some fruit in the park?
@KristinaAwesome I'm very sorry for your loss, hun.  I always remind myself he's gone physically, but he'll ALWAYS be in my heart. &lt;3
@KristinaAwesome You're right. Is a huge BLAH! day. 
@KristinaCobb I want to make a senior scra;pbook but i don't have time 
@kristinaelstner No question.  We don't have any High School dances anymore for Jason Sharp to show up at! 
@KristinaFBaby no tweets 4 me either  I feel so alone
@KristinaHaywood YEP!!! I still got a couple though 
@kristinalvarado Kristen - things still not going well?  I had hoped the play therapy and time would fix the issues.    anything i can do?
@kristinanne personable=communicates with staff at all levels &amp; impressionable.  It's just that I have seen people ignore them  #28fresh
@KristinaTSB  hahah! It will happen!! least I hope it happens when I can see it happen live! No summer shows for me..so maybe next year 
@kristinbrennan Im just going to the Racquets Club now but will be around most of the day. Sad you are leaving 
@kristinburbey It's all being paid for by someone else....sorry 
@kristinburbey to bad you didn't live near me! my hair dresser moved   i loved her!
@kristinburns1 Yes!! But what are we goin 2 do when its all over.  life wont b worth living! Haha, Oh god I dread 2 fink of it! X
@KristinCurtis fame  cuz 4 people at fame have it so now I'm in quarantine till Sunday 
@kristindav kdav welcome to my lifeee.. its been raining here for weeks!! 
@kristine_kinney oooh i know i cant go  it sold out!!! buuut i will see them again
@KristineDulay We ended up not seeing the movie. Stacy needs to wake up early in the morning. 
@kristineeeNFS i cant learn it.  way too hard. Lol.
@KristinEmery I was saddened to see you dropped me from your follow list  I must be losing my pazazz.
@kristinfinley I'd give you a go to stroke it, but distance is a bitch 
@kristinister I'm sorry  kevin used to be that way, probably cause I started dating his brother joe :/ hahaha
@kristinOBOBOB no  it got sold out before I could get tickets, but I'm going to the acoustic show in the afternoon.
@kristithomas Rachel told me this morning that she wants to learn how to skateboard with your boys.    Can you teach her?
@kristlynngirl I wish I had my curve back 
@Kristodynamics Oooh! I think I just learned to do that in CSS. I liked the 3 column thing but I don't think it worked 
@kristofcreative No luck here. I tried getting the update for the iTouch, but apple's servers are completely bogged w/iphoners updating 
@Kristofer_Krack Oh man! You can't punish ME for Kali's behaviour!! 
@KristopheRobin did u not feel that bad boy? I was at work by myself in the back part. 
@KristopheRobin MONDAY??!! i didn't get one.  can lissy bring one to work manana??
@kristy_joy I posted link to a snl video about moms but it was a fake  fail.
@KristyAFlores Whats Up With You? I'm Doing Horrible Family Problems 
@KristyArnett Wow, they had 700 and 563 the first two events...Now I'm sorry I missed that one! 
@kristycolley Aww, thanks! And I hope you feel better! 
@kristygazes   good seeing you.  Good luck today.  Show those ladies who's the boss.
@kristylovescarl OMG!! You totally are my vvvbffl!! You know that! I didn't think you came on twitter much anymore  you didn't answer cont
@kristyn106  i cant i have work
@kristysf I saw them on our street 1 day, so I didn't answer the doorbell when it rang shortly after. Turns out it was FedEx I missed 
@krisvargas Hahaha please. I've been converted 
@krisvicarious 
@KrisWash cupcakes would be amazing, I aint got cupcake money though... 
@KrisWilliams81 awww sorry about the tiny room 
@KrisWilliams81 geez i wish i had your followers.lol, mine don't even chat with me  you r the only person to respond to me.  your cool!
@krisy0987 someone you like quit?  move so so. Cali!
@KrisZombiee  sorry u feel that way i wish i can make u feel better...
@KritiA drizzling started.. but then it stopped  .. (Btw, how come did u know that i m in ardee?)
@KritiA Yeah. You ppl have weekends too... I forgot 
@KRITM awe I am sorry, probably true. 
@kriwho get to bed lady... i know Im missin mine too! 
@krizaaa I might not be able to see you guys tom! 
@Krizanovich awww don't cry  I STILL miss your column in Sky magazine
@Krizanovich I hate smelly guys  yeuch!!
@krizdiaz you've got me poppin champayne ! i cant spell  FAIL
@KRIZIAAHH aw yeah  knew ML wouldn't be on it again sadly.
@krizzz i WiL hAv tOo SeTtuL fOr tHe FrEe WuNs uNtIl i kAn sAyVe Up fOr a DeElUx wUn...iTt MyTe tAyK a WiLe...i DoWnT gEt pOkIt MuNeE ... 
@krmcguire  I grew up watching him on sports.
@krmsn i don't see Kristen really i don't have &quot;real&quot; tv 
@krmsn i'm pretty sure his teeth are fake... 
@KrOcK82 sorry I couldn't chat with ya! I had twitter off! 
@Krocklive do you want me to leave you alone? 
@krodatahw Sardinia. Just got back -and London is cold and wet  Good holiday, but Italian restaurant service not up to US standards!
@krofer bc god hates usss 
@Kromegmm that would be sad if he had to do life!! 
@kroonoverdrive Thanks for letting me know . . .  . . . Hope you have a good evening sir . . .
@KRose82 oh... I miss the chick 
@krowt thnx for the #followfriday! U haven't been around much lately. Blah. 
@krrptd1 well we're hungry now 
@krrptd1 yeah it is but I felt like sharing it and no one else (ahem @crucifixxus) would quote me. 
@krrrissa my parents do that to me too...they used to just provide money to buy food..but even that doensn't happen anymore  Don't starve!
@krrrsty  @FrillyHIlls  and now they are in bed, but washing is pilled 10 miles high in the laundry and kitchen  Still need my own dinner
@krs10kv foreall girlll wish u came to LA  lookin hot in ur new pix tho loves them BBM meeee xoxox
@Krsmoma whatever u didn't want to go w/us  u wanted to take just Drayden
@Krucial I miss you more   tear...
@krumpet I'm ashamed to say I laughed out loud when I read that! 
@krumpet OMG how could you and after everything we went thru 
@krunchie_frog I'm in work 
@krunkjess I found this gallery of a m&amp;g beforehand. Don't see Kelly or cupcakes tho  So different one? http://bit.ly/obUJV &amp;click arrows
@krunsafter It really is. 
@Krushr Oh but it is! Alas, only in America.  http://xkcd.com/548/
@KRushtC that's because you've been avoiding me. 
@krutschilling Sorry, not that sweet.  Super boring actually. Great teacher though!
@KRY5 @sumichu So... no throwdown? 
Just got some potentially bad news 
just got some thai walked in and realized my fly was open and I was commando.. hope everyone enjoyed the show ill be here all week 
Just got splashed with a tidal wave of gutter water. in the friggin face! 
Just got sprayed by cat shooter taking my washing out to the machine, jumped in the air and twinged my neck. Ouch. No run today then 
Just got stitches in my mouth. I'm in so much pain 
Just got stung by nettles lol in about 3 fingers  and I mean come on that dude with the apples needed to step it up a notch!
just got teary eyed over Farrah Fawcett... what a brave woman 
Just got tested. And I have a clinical obsession with #squarespace. They say its serious.... 
Just got the $600 Dior glasses I have been wanting mmhmm. Right as I was paying for em someone walked in wanting to buy em.. I felt bad 
Just got the 3.0 update for my pod.  The sad news is that it has to resync all my music. It takes forever to resync them and we hav to g 
just got the email confirming the cancellation of my holiday! 
just got the mcfly radio:active dvd... aint watched it yet though 
just got the most intense workout from wii boxing! shit is INTENSE. need sleep cuz i gotsta wake up early!  night world xo
Just got the news that my aunt isn't doing well at all.. (The one who has cancer) 
Just got the news that Tina is moving to LA in 5 weeks 
just got the news. my friend, saw my ex boyfriend with sumone else. i hate it. 
@kryry atleast you have a boyfriend 
@Krys33 It's actually kind of sad that he continually went through that. Matty 
@KRYSIECENT I feel you. IDK what I'ma do tomorrow, maybe go to a movie or the mall. There's nothing in this city @ all  just menorah shops
@krysiekins ... miss jordan if i can finish that random test thing on tuesday and text me and let me no thankks hun i have tonsilitis 
@krysis7 That link doesnt work 
@krysivory awwww I wish i could do that! My moms in LA 
@krysivory i dont like it  lol
@kryssycharms Ha, sounds like a plan! Sure wish I had one wit my boo 
@KryssyNicole i feel so bad for him  its making me so angry
@Kryssypooh oh girl if you only knew 
@KrystalAuroraaa i feel so dumb krystal. i pulled the pipe out of my house with my car. FML! now we have no water and my dad is kinda mad 
@krystaldaniell i am sooo confused! i have no idea what i am doing 
@krystaldelacruz I know huh.  I think my partying nights are windling down.  One night I had 2 Malibu pineapples + 3 AMFs = pukeville 
@KrystalKookie How come you're always on AIM but never talk anymore? 
@krystallouise  the 'wash me' keyboard broke and we lost the sound 
@krystalongan just thinkin about sum stuff 
@krystiannamarie OMG that sucks homes  I'll try to rush the Jonas Brothers to get a pic just for you &lt;33 LMAOO
just got the rain... 
Just got the shaft again....and no, not in the good way 
Just got the worst call some1 could ever get, my uncle lost his battle of cancer today 
Just got this back. Twitterific's not working. 
just got this twitter  and now im at my grandparents 
just got this, havnt a clue how to find my friends 
just got though watching heroes i'm kinda sad that next week is the season finale. now i have nothing to look forward on mondays 
Just got through a 10 min Win7 load from some weird hibernation state. All I saw was &quot;Resuming Windows&quot; for 5s then 595s of black screen 
Just got through talking to Jen! Miss my lg girls.  
Just got thrown across the back seat of a car and after I fixed my hair and laughed I realized it kinda hurt 
Just got to babes for the night, work all weekend 
Just got to charlotte.  Let the move in begin. I'm already homesick 
Just got to Diamond Bar. My big toe hurts 
Just got to James Perse sample sale...really long line to get in 
Just got to know that Spore has its first swine flu case. 
Just got to las vegas last night but am goin home tomorrow!!! 
Just got to my parents house now its off to bed since I have to wake up so dang early for work uuuhhh 
@KRYSTINMARX I really wanted to see her..................... don't even rub it in, missy!!! 
@Krystle_Hill @shar0869 I think it's sad that they tried to fix DO when it wasn't broken   I miss how easy it used to be.
@Krystle_Hill I remembered that just not the flight info 
@Krystle_Hill She has liver disease and cancer. Eventually she's not going to be okay.  But praying for every day I can get with her.
@krystleleanna I wish! Just plain vanilla. 
@KrystleLina Miiiiiiiiiiiiis you!  Let me know soon if your free for me june 20th
@krystleluttrell I had a dream you came to California last night 
@krystlerb ooh i like the biscuts. buti feel sorry for the lobster sitting in there and they pick him out . he know his number is up 
@krystlesivorot How was Relay For Life??  Sorry I couldn't make it, as I had to work 
@krystlezoe i heard u tryed to call me. but my phone is turn off and it wont be on until monday. so i cnt talk to ppl 
@krystyn13  I'm sorry to hear that!
@krystyn13 I was hoping that you could at least use that as a break. Poor you. 
@krystyn13 they still don't have my test results back! Ugh. 
@krystynchong Ah damn, I'm not eligible for the discounts... 
@Krystynzilla my mom just told me i can't go tomorrow  i'm sorry
@KrysUnique Lmao  Do you want me to call??
@KsanaC about what? I have no time to breath, so... 
@ksantini I am on my way but i think there may be none left by the time i get there   LOL!!
@ksavai uh...well...I don't know how to connect with someone else via intranet. In any case, I'm terrified of all these high-funda things 
@ksavai yeah even I was planning. Not goin anymore  climate is supposed to be pleasant.
@ksavai yeah i tend not to change it, cuz i always end up forgetting the new one 
@ksb75 me too 
@kscarter I feel like I haven't talked to you in a really really long time. 
@kschom  now what do I do
@kschroeder1720 that sucks about your suspension   could it just be your shock absorbers or does the whole thing need replacing?
@KSdaisy Oh, that sounds bed..poor girl 
@KSDoctor I'm going to bed now- I found myself on my laptop when I got home  watched Mythbusters about singing to shatter glass.
@Kse93 Aaawww.  indeed. Where're you gonna be?
@ksekher haha..vendatha paniku pokumbol aalochikanamayirunnu  ya hate it wen ppl call futball as soccer 
@kshadows99 I want M&amp;Ms  I want food.
@Kshattap dayaaa.  gusto ko na makita ang bus. ang bus lang. haha. joke.
@Kshattap HAHA. What? Noooo  He still looks too young. Haha. It was a nightmare nga eh. :|
@KshayKrazy Whot!!!!!!! We were suppose to do that together what up with that......... I'm sad now 
@kshepherd Man! I don't know how you guys are doing it, 'cause I totally fail at it ... 
@kshepherd way to rub it in...... 
@kshf do you need something specific from it-leaked? i could get it for you. i don't have any invites, though. 
Just got to our hotel in Hershey PA. Somehow my bags decided to stay in DC at our layover  so going to hopefully get it by tomorrow...
Just got to pet a black lab pup..made my day. Makes me miss Maggie though 
Just got to school   really dont want to be here
Just got to the ATL for quite the important meeting tomorrow...with Outkast. J/k. Wish it wasn't too late to go see a band play. 
Just got to the gym but w/no energy 
Just got to the hotel. It smells so bad in here 
Just got to work already bored 
Just got to work and doing nothing. Maybe I should invest some time in my blog 
Just got to work boo  &gt;&gt;Y@$kY&lt;&lt;
Just got to work! Looks like a slow news day 
Just got to work!!!! Ewwwwwww 
just got to work, as my car died completely 
Just got to work, got so excited when I found out the JoBros were gonna be on the Today Show... Just to remember I have a meeting at 8. 
Just got to work, nice ride in today. Supposed to rain in the afternoon though, 
Just got to work. I feel really really sleepy today.. 
Just got to work. Suck! Want to go home and nap with my baby.    &lt;JAYDEN'S  MOMMA&gt;
Just got to work. Tired with a massive headack. Couldn't sleep last nite cuz of my headack. 
Just got told my wee dog lass has cancer  and has an op arranged for 23/7/09,prayin she will be ok.
just got twitter  its all bre's fault ; this is retarded!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just got twitter and has no clue how to use this thing 
just got twitter, hate exams, not looking forward to them! 
just got twitter, how do you work it? 
Just got Twitterific 2.0 for my iPhone. I regret having just bought Tweetie for the iPhone 3 days ago. 
just got up 
Just got up - no more mad dreams. So feeling cool! All this nice weather makes me wanna b back home ........ Damn man!! I miss it!!! 
Just got up  still to freakin early.
Just got up .... Feeling as tired than usual 
Just got up a half hour ago.... Ugh not much sleep 
just got up and am eye hurts 
Just got up and am getting ready to do some work 
just got up and gettin ready for work  hope its sunny later on lol
Just got up and getting ready to go to a doctors appointment  i really hate doctor appointments!!
just got Up and going to get ready to go to meadowhall ;) can't believe my internet broke yesterday  GUTTED
Just got up and had a shower - its now 10:45.Off to get breaky and then off to caravan for a couple days.Back to work monday though 
just got up and I already need a nap 
just got up and i am missing my best friend 
just got up and I have a toothache 
just got up and thinking about the housework i have to do 
just got up and tried to dye my hair dark brown and came out black!!!! im freakin out soo im getting it done professionally today 
just got up for tennis  its so boring and annoying 
Just got up for work all my family are still in bed! 
Just got up frm bed...I'm online..my 8gb usb got corrupted  so searching for softwares online to get it repaired
just got up from th longest trip back on a train ever from london so tired 
just got up hahahah  i feel extremely ill again  but on a brighter note mum and dad bought me wall candy wallpaper today 
just got up hell im tired i need a red bull but there banned  guess ill just get some coffe 
Just got up i have to watch my lil' bro's ... Mom is at work 
Just got up I'm missing my baby  no fun
just got up nd feelin very tired... the weather is not cooperating w/ me  i waz goin 2 wear flip-flops 2day but cant now w/ a rainstorm 
JUST GOT UP NOW IM SAD THINK I JUST LOST A FRIEND THAT WANST MADE YET  AND @YUNGSTET IM MAD AS HELL AT U!!!
Just got up with a serious headache. The finals are really stressing me out 
Just got up world!! And all of the damn cereal is gone!  What am I gonna eat...?
Just got up! Got till 4 off then massive busy shift in work 
just got up, ooooow my sunburn  time to slap on the aftersun and put on some lose tshirt i think
Just got up.  Very groggy, up to 5AM last night...  Jeez, only 5 hours of sleep.... 
just got up. bored enought that im watching The Hills 
Just got up. I feel like crap 
just got up. the bones tweets seem awfully sparse 
just got up. wish i could just stay in bed till tomorrow. got nothing done today 
Just got up.. Getting a cup of tea then going to start my politics revision  Exam on Friday  HELP!!
Just got up.. I have to learn so much today. 
just got up... got alot to do 
just got up... no more 5 AM chatting convos! getting ready then going to the doctor! 
just got up.....yet I am still tired 
just got viruses on computer.. suck damn 
Just got water sprinkled on me. Grr, stupid sister. I was just dozing off too.  JB in 4 hours.
Just got woken up by the stupid cat! He came in and practicly sat on my face lolol 
Just got woken up to my brandnew martini glasses shattering on the floor....not sure how it fell...but too tired to figure it out  sad day
just got woken up unexpectedly. Now  going to try to go back to sleep. Say a prayer - haven't slept good in a while. 
just got word that a dear family friend who was like a grandfather to me growing up passed away... 
Just got work 
Just got work n doesn't have anything to do 
Just got xbox's ring of death  life over 
Just got zapped by a fly zapper...  OW!
Just gotta get my new outfit and some and some odds and ends for my act and I will be street performing magic! Pumped! Missed it 
Just gotta keep going.. How boring it is.. But you gotta do what you gotta do.... 
Just grabbed some bagels from Panera for everyone at wk. It's Brittany's last day 
Just grabbed some yogurtworld and is heading to the airport 
Just great. More scamming and whatnot. Got a bunch of fraudulent charges on my account. Time to get my card replaced 
just gt my ipod , they gave me a 1g  but still i gt a brand new ipod . i got to put back on all my apps and music
just gtting startd on this wha do ya do 
just gymed it up now time for THE HILLS FINALE i dont want lauren to leave.... 
Just had &quot;country style dinner&quot; cat food and I have wiggle butt now! 
Just had 2 restore my iPhone - *sad*  but on the plus side.. now I know that I shud bk it up more often so I don't have 2 d/l so much :-/
just had 230 volts up my arm it wasnt fun 
Just had a 4 yr old girl tell me my &quot;belly is big&quot;...I guess I really should start dieting... 
just had a bad dream. Can I sleep in your bed? 
Just had a bad dream...wish is not really happening 
just had a bath (yes i was singing in the bath) now writing as taking my mind off the pain in my nose... had Major nosebleed this morning 
Just had a big afternoon nap. Now off to see The Hangover and have dinner. Last night in Syd 
Just had a big fight with the one I love.... crying alone in my apartment...   I can be so mean sometimes...
Just had a blast hanging out with my old friend Jeff Bergstrom. But Gerty has a flat  Anyways, go read my story at: http://twurl.nl/p5xl2b
just had a blonde technical moment, feel a bit embarrassed now 
just had a bowl of bran flakes and is about to ave a shower and do revision! 
just had a breakdown for 3 minutes...just realized how far iowa is...AGAIN! 
JUST HAD A CALL OUT TO WORK.... SORRY IF YOU LIVE IN BANGOR ON DEE BUT I CANT GO!   SOMEONE ELSE WILL HAVE TO DO IT. 
just had a car accident!   My car is 1,5 years old and its my 3rd one. (and the first 2 were real bad but not my fault at all.. )  
Just had a chargilled chicken sandwich from chick fila tryna do the right thing - Sooo not good!! 
Just had a close call with a deer just now too  thats it it im going 35
Just had a craving for Pals. 
Just had a dream that Kristen Wiig from SNL sent me an email and when I opened it my alarm went off and I didn't get to read. 
just had a dream that made me sad  ...looking at puppies in raynham with mommy &amp; clam. half jack russell/half yorkie. gotta be cute!
Just had a drink that taste like fermented turpentine 
Just had a Exam 
Just had a GREAT GF meal at Gallaghers steakhouse in the New York New York in Las Vegas. Forgot to take a pic for the blog 
Just had a great sandwich. Now I'm chillin' for an hour before I have to work from 1:30-9:30. Blaaaah. 
Just had a great workout and miss my girl already 
just had a grilled chicken salad that was rediculously oversized, now back to the office 
just had a ham and cheese sandwhich for breakfast, since one of my roommates threw out my peanut butter 
Just had a horrible day at school and is annoyed, sad and wet   I need something to make me happy 
just had a horrible day at work 
just had a hot flash   like right after somebody punches you in the face 
Just had a hot shower after being saturated at netball  so nice now though
Just had a lady at work tell me she has swine flue. Not sure if she was serious... Worried!! 
just had a long sleep and now awake but don't want to get out of bed 
just had a loverly thai dinner in camden....now off to bed back to work tomorrow 
Just had a MAJOR fight with the rents. Whaaaat am i going to do? I'm not allowed to see my boyfriend.. 
Just had a meeting with possible catering services for The World At Your Feet book and board game launch. Why So Expensive? 
just had a million new followers - i got excited then realised it was ALL spam from newecard.com or something 
Just had a most of today &quot;stolen&quot; from me by a migraine   Migraines SUCK.
just had a nice big piece of chocolate cake... to try and cheer me up, not been a good weekend 
Just had a nice boiled egg!  I really do feel for the people of Iran. It's so sad. 
just had a nice chat with my father about money....he will not lend me any 
just had a nice cool shower; so hot 
just had a nice fry up and is going to make herself revise today 
just had a nice lunch, now its time to relinquish control of the laptop to the girlfriend 
Just had a nice sleep! But my back hurts. 
Just had a NW/DL 330 fly overhead. Wish i flew into DTW today 
just had a phone call from school asking where my daughter is :S last i checked she was walking into school. gulp! 
Just had a pleasant coffee. Back to work, til 9. 
Just had a really annoying eyelash in my eye 
just had a really bad memory conjured up 
Just had a really gross lunch. Egg salad sandwich on ezekial bread.  Couldn't get through it. now I'm unsatisfied and still hungry  wah!
Just had a really messed up, mean dream  That was weird..
Just had a ricdiculously long and amazing nap. Just realized I slept through my hair appt. 
just had a shower! Getting ready to going back to school 
Just had a shower. Now im getting ready, then packing and then bedtime.. Gotta be up REALLY early tomorrow 
just had a shower... needs something to cheer me up.. blah... nothing ever goes my way 
Just had a small bowl of whole grain cereal...for the sweet craving! Now some squats 
just had a small fire in the oven. Everything smells like burnt toast and it's NOT GOOD 
Just had a stunning homemade bolognese in a pub. Feeling full now. Got shouted at by Rach for looking at a hot waitress in a mini skirt 
Just had a super embarrasing moment....gosh 
Just had a Vanilla slice from Zeeley's bakery, tasted good, but now i feel sick 
Just had a VNS implanted which didn't help and had it turned off. $36,000 attempt to help her...failed. 
Just had about 20 ppl over for parents anniversary... got no homework done 
Just had an argument with bellis over the spelling of his name. going for lunch but it's raining down hard. 
Just had an argument with his girlfriend 
just had an awesome dinner with a few good friends at El Tap for the last time.   tonight is going to be awesome.
Just had an awesome night of bowling. But sadly i lost to mike by 2 
just had an awkward encounter with my ex.....he cried 
Just had an hour of volleyball and now I don't have tennis (thank god, i'm tired) missed JONAS. 
Just had an intervention with one of my closest. Alcohol is great, but we're getting worried... 
just had an old flame find me on facebook now I don't think I'll get to sleep much 
Just had another Army-provided root canal. Not fun. I'm starving and craving lunch at Paloma Blanca. That's a long way from here. 
Just had another sighting of the Fail Whale 
just had bacon and eggs! yummmm!!! ohh i have to work at 4 now!  xxx
Just had basketball...and now i have the worst stomach ache  Bleh.
Just had blood drawn. Apparently I have bad veins. My Dr. is a bitch. My arm hurts 
Just had Chick-fil-A. Back to work now. 
just had dairy queen. . .and my eyes are really dry, they hurt! 
just had din with my bro and dad before he leaves for six weeks 
just had dindin. why wont @itsNICKJONAS answer me? it was a simple question! 
Just had dinner &amp; drinks w/ the sound &amp; A.C. guys from my film. Great guys, but kinds stiffed the waitresses. Had 2 leave extra. 
Just had dinner and im still hungry  hmmm... somethings not right there.
Just had dinner with a few girlfriends..it was fun, but I ate too much  Now I've gotta relax...work at 7AM! Yuck...
just had dinner with scoop and said goodbye before our senior trips 
just had dinner with some Finns, I really can't understand Finnish at all even if I'm drinking! Oh well 
Just had dinner.. not much of an apettite... 
Just had hen walk by decoy. No suitor in tow  #Outdoors
Just had her first experience cleaning up seriously chunky vomit from the little one 
just had her last class with al 
just had his BP checked and 130/90.. hmmm borderline daw un and i have to monitor.. this si not good 
just had homecook meal with kids, paksu and tasnim...now packing for tmrw ,hitching a ride from eric since my boo is in a breakdown mode 
just had In n out for lunch...hmmm yummy! now back to work 
just had jamba, and now i need to do homework. 
Just had kfc - feel sick tho 
Just had lil' Peanut's blessing ceremony and folks have gone home - little bit sad, still, at least I've got work tomorrow 
Just had lunch and feel like throwing up 
just had lunch and now i feel ill 
just had lunch at Franfurt LH Base, will now get ready for my flights to Florence, all very full  don't want to
just had lunch now best get back to work 
just had lunch with @GilgomezIII and Curren at Inka Kitchen - yummy!  Now, back to work   2 more days!!
Just had lunch with Uncle Chad, Aunt Angela, and Savannah. Love them so much! Can't believe they are leavin tomorrow. 
Just had lunch! 
Just had lunch, back to revision 
just had lunch, back to school now  xx&lt;3
Just had lunch, I now feel ill. Had too much to eat  Stupid ice cream
Just had lunch, there was a wedding party there which reminded me (as if I needed) that today should be my 17th wedding aniversary 
just had lunch. Salad na talbos at okra. Why am I nomming cow fodder, why......  http://plurk.com/p/xs3ty
just had lunch..!! there's nothing good on TV  bored -_-
Just had lunchy  munchy - it was crap 
just had ma wee boy weighed  thts him nearly a year and only weighs 16lb12ounces 
Just had McDonalds, already feel sick. 
just had my appendix out fukkin sore 
Just had my blackberry 8900 submerged in a glass of bacardi by a psycho-friend(former-friend anyway). I hope it will survive. 
Just had my blood taken  it hurts!!
just had my breakfast  full now though :-\ and i need to wash my hair 
Just had my first bit of spam on Flickr! 
Just had my Fuji S9500 returned from servicing came back worst that before I sent it 
just had my last pilates class for a few months  BUT back in the IOM in four days! Bring on TT yessir!!
just had my new ipod arrive... and then within half an hour found my old one 
Just had my offer turned down, boo 
Just had my pic taken for the civil service exam. i had a name tag. photo looked like a mug shot. 
Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour. 
Just had my worst Waffle House experience ever  They made my order wrong then tried to over-charge me, on top of shoddy service! *smh*
just had netball. phew. i wasn't my best today 
just had officially, the loudest clap of thunder in a long time, above his house...officially nearly touching cloth 
Just had our last Sunday lunch with Britt. So sad she is leaving Nashville. 
Just had pancakes for breakfast..but no blueberries  Rain isn't going away so we'll just have to move our family photos to next week
just had pizza after abt 4mnths...feeling queezy already 
just had pocket Aces twice... no action.. 
Just had power but lost work on pc 
Just had rehearsal for recital, now I stink really bad 
Just had set everything back up on phone as had to do a reset cos web kept freezing 
just had solid food for the first time in a week...but now I feel sick... ugggh 
just had some chocolate wine from Holland. It burnt my throat 
Just had some crazy ass party at my house. So many people. It was my moms 30th birthday! Happy birthday mom(you don't have twitter  ).
just had some dinner.... putting an ice pack on my head again... stupid having a concussion head 
Just had some ice cream in school for lunch...but now i feel sick and i still have an hour until home time 
just had some pizza from schlotzsky's. i only ate half and i'm SO full.  i'm losing my eating touch.
just had some toast, hopefully that will make me feel better, the thought of going to working in a couple of isn't though 
Just had subway..y didn't taste good? 
Just had tacos for the first time mmmm distinctly average  need mikado chocolate sticks now x x
just had tea party w BFF and Ffiona. Gonna watch 'fever pitch' since i'm out of books til library trip 2morrow.  book beats  movie any day
Just had the best dream ever and it felt so real. I hate that I woke up 
just had the most delish lunch...back to work it is. 
Just had the most painful wax job in a long time... Innn soooo muchhh painnnnn 
Just had the most random dream in THE WORLD. it upset me 
just had the strongest cocktail ever and a nice meal at bibis. my birthdays nearly over! 
Just had the whole 3F of her house flooded.. my guitar is warped 
just had the wool pulled from my eyes &amp; now sees the light....so numb 
just had the worst day ever...well not really but then i could not find the books i need to think i already went on a bookstore tour 
Just had the worst dream ever. Was like an earthquake and when I opened my eyes it was like armageddon. Honestly felt real 
Just had the worst dream of her whole entire life  
just had the worst exam ever...  worryingly before it i thought tomorrows exam would be worse... eek
Just had to bubblewrap my NECA Kurt Cobain figurine. See you in a month, my love. 
just had to bury my hamster 
Just had to cancel on an origin party  Why does uni work have to get in the way of the shenanigans???
Just had to cancel on my man Fubar. Bad time keeping on my part results in no party time at his in kdy. Sorry dude 
just had to change the hair appointment I had booked for tomorrow morning... and now I have to wait another *week* cos my guy isn't there 
Just had to discuss quality of life issues with an owner of a 20 year old cat with chronic illness.   reminded me of Juice.
Just had to drop cole off at his trial day for nursery, can't believe he's getting  that big, I miss him already  x x
Just had to flush her favvie fish ... R.I.p fishie 
just had to give lucy some...um...medicine.  it was an awful experience for BOTH of us!    my poor, sweetie!
just had to have our dog put to sleep 
Just had to Hoover up and kill a huge spider I'm feeling so guilty for killing it 
Just had to kill a rat that was caught in a trap. I really like rats. I kept apologizing to him 
just had to kill a spider.  generally i don't, don't like to, actually feel bad. but i told him &quot;stop coming closer&quot; &amp; he didn't listen 
Just had to phone the police to report a race crime!  Was a bit scary.
Just had to rip up one of my Buffalo Wild Wings shirts for cleaning..I miss that place 
just had to rush our dog to the vet as he was fitting 
just had to say goodbye to the first set of campers 
Just had to send my Canon G9 in for repair. The lens stopped retracting. I also sent my Nikon D200 in for cleaning.  #colaphotog
It makes me kinda sad that i only move away for a couple of years and no one recognizes me 
it makes me mad that your number is disconnected. i can't talk to you.     come what may&lt;3
it makes me really sad &amp; disappointed when bands take my pictures and crop my name off   don't be losers please
it makes me sad  will i ever find that one guy... or did i find him and lose him becuz i was being tru to myself
It makes me sad that it's now acceptable that I get sent notice of a relatives death via txt message.  
It makes me sad that theres no finrod to sleep on my side tonight... 
It makes me sad when I lose followers 
It makes me sad when I think that I'd be leaving for Europe in a month a year ago...  I miss my P2P people 
it makes me sad when people stop following me 
It makes me so sad that I lost so many followers today!!!   gosh..maybe I'm taking this twitter thing too seriously. ;) LOL
It may actually be too hot to go to the beach! 
It means i wish you werent going 
it might be 11:12am but it really is to early to be up on a sunday 
it might be a lil while longer with mom  oh well as long as i get to see her.. love you mommy!
It might be hot but it's not L.A. and it's not E3   - too much online coverage to give links
It might be the end of my name is earl this wekk, i possibley might cry 
It my brain all the lego master builders are adorable nerdy hotties but i know in reality they are old and gross 
It needs to rain here like for seriously. It's too hot to do anything. 
It needs to stop raining before I go to @molella's later 
it never fails. i work so hard towards something and finally thing it's going to happen, then i get fucked in the arse.   #london2009
it never stops raining here!  Gym, and homework. NY in 2, China in 9!
it not only sucks cause I really want to see it, it mostly SUCKS cause I need to be able to see it for my bachelor thesis! :S  SHIT!
It occurred to me today that I will not be home for the Burn Notice premiere Thu and probably won't have time to watch it until Fri/Sat. 
It' over!  I want to got back to Friday and start over.. Now the 7 hour ride home..
It pays to have a small laptop. but you cant exactly watch videos in HD 
It pecked me again 
it pouring &amp; baby niece's new swing set is scheduled 4 delivery 2day...gonna be a messy 1 for sure. Someday it's gonna be above 80 in IL 
Installed Twitterberry, see if that will get me going with this microblogging stuff. So far I see no value add. 
Installer i´ll miss you  http://bit.ly/7ycAf
Installing 8 updates on my Mac so I can't use it for like an hour  guess I should revise...
Installing a new mac for my friend Sabine and my graphic card is broken. Need a new mac aswell. 
Installing Java on the new lab machines. I forgot to put it in the image. 
Installing Parallels and XP. I feel awful, but I really want to be able to test in IE tomorrow.  #fb
installing project open is THE killer task... it really kills you  never seen such a bad deployed and documented open source software...
Installing sp2 for vista, says it could take over an hour. What the hell am I supposed to do for over an hour?  
Installing Windows 7 RC on my Mac, w/VirtualBox. Free Windows on my Mac for ~1yr.   In other news I am still doing battle w/new server. 
Installing Windows 7RC under VMWare Fusion for CBT training purposes 
installing Zimbra. I guess 100 times in this year 
Installing, downloading programs seems to take up half the day 
Instantly Crushed.... Life is so unfair sometimes... 
Instead I have heavy eyelids, 8 more hours of work and a headache. 
Just had to separate my guinea pig and my rabbit, and clean up blood. Not happy 
Just had to spend �72 on a new tyre and tracking. Was 6 ml out apparently?! Money I don't have. Nor the �200 for a service. 
Just had to take a shower in cold water. And that sucks. 
Just had to tell a women her husband died....  my soul is broken
Just had to tell D she is too ill to go to her friends party  @Hootiegibbon has just been signed off for a week too
Just had to turn down a speaking request for a conference in California. Bummer. 
just had work on a saturday.. never again! totally ruined my weekend  i need a nap.
Just had yummy (but bad for me) biscuits and gravy made by hubby.  And it's still raining. 
just had yummy cheese toastie but realised have no more j2o 
just hangin around and waiting for him to come back from hong kong - bored and sad 
Just hangin out today. rain day.  Going to LL game today and after watchin Derby, nascar race.
Just hanging around home, will go shopping in a few minutes, and then start to work   
Just hanging around the house. I lost my mommy  haha I can't find her anywhare!
Just have my new laptop up and running and now it looks like my extenal harddrive is broken  It's a ToughDrive by the way?!?!
just have to let her go..... 
just have to make it till 12 then im freeee!!!!...for 9 days..then class again..  see my two loves tomorrow!! woo hoo!!!
Just havin a family BBQ at ours... Benji has hurt his tale, he hasn't wagged it all day an he's yelping 
Just having a 2 min rest before I start cooking! It's been madness already today! I also have a cold 
Just having a barbeque when it started to rain!  So filling in my visa application for Uganda instead! 
@ksmith2009 Awww 
@ksonney I thought it was a rainbow colored shirt... 
@ksonney Nah, realistically there's no WAY I'll do it at a convention. I've tried before, and failed every time.  But thank you very much!
@kspeiser its downpouring and cold in the mountains. 
@kspidel ahhh, whaaaat? That's a horrible start to a Monday 
@kspidel in meetings since 4 - oddly most of them were on transit-related issues.  Now, I have to metro home.  
@kspidel oh no!  what happened?
@ksselig I hate when that happens 
@kst8er76  I was working and i missed it  hope ic an watch in online or something
@kstar10 Well it seems like you're on top of it then. I'll just sit here and do nothing.  -sniff-
@kstems Now I keep on reading &quot;Sesame Street&quot; 
@kstewartnews Good call, bb. I cried watching it. It scarres you completely. I swear I`m traumatized after watching it. 
@KStuivenga I fuckin love it but I made a mistake with the ice cream 
@ksw1ss 
@kswhitesides Love that word   im sorry  Go 88, 19!
@ksxly ouch   - that's a big X!
@ksymmonds @ramdomthoughts Enjoy your film, I'm not jealous 
@kt_73 i feel worse  x but thanks for your concern about me xxx
it pours sand from my shoes, and I'm thinking about you  i miss you @insomniatic_
It pretty much hurts to be awake right now 
it probably was removed 4 sum reason but it was amazing literaly a flawless performance i cant find it anywhere  im sorta sad
It proper feels like summer now its fab!! of course I need to work tonight though 
It rained all night, now it's gonna rain all day ... 
It rained alot last night and i left my window open. Unfortunetly for me I left a dvd on my window ledge. Hope it still works 
It rained pretty hard today, and my umbrella was not cooperating with the strong wind.  First day wasn't so bad though!
It rained today... I left my window open... My computer sits under my window... I'm on my way home to check out the damage... 
it rainin y.all i stuck at work 
It raining right now - the back yard will go from slightly soggy to very swampy! 
It rains  Got to pack and go to the gym today then a night on the tiles with my fave journalists in the whole world!
it rains and it rain and your not these....because!!?? 
It rains and now it still rains xD  oh man, my friends (at germany) are not on 
It rains heeaaavily outside and i trap in this building cant go home 
it rains the third day in a row... I want sun back again 
It really annoys me when I'm on msn on my 360 late at night watching a DVD and I fall asleep inadvertently.  Damn it lukey 
it really did die. Guess im not going out anywhere since i can't use my phone anymore 
it really figures tha i meet a guy that i really like on the max. im looking like i just crawled outta bed.  and im to shy to give my # 
It really hurts! sad 
It really is boring being away and alone 
It really just doesn't get any better...... 
It really just isn't the same anymore 
It really makes my heart hurt to see weborexic and teenybopper-type websites owned by university students. 
it really sucks that just watching my favorite show makes me miss her and I being best friends. im heidi and she's lauren 
it really sucks that my french is so lousy.  all i can remeber is &quot;salut. je m'appelle lina.&quot;
It really sucks when you realize some things. I'm done 
it really, really, REALLY needs to be tomorrow at this point 
It realy makes me sad evrytime othr fans get replies frm u wile I don't im always tweetin u'v neva replied i dnt undrstnd i luv mcfly lol 
It reminds me of Kayla! awww 
it' s raining for days in Germany 
It saddens me I never got to see Mercury live 
just havingg some chillin time then i got to crack on with my school homework back to skool on mondai 
Just heaard that adam cook david cooks brother loss his battle to cancer my thoughts and prayers goes out to him and his family 
Just head butted the window haaawww major head ache 
Just heading into library for final cramming before exams tomorrow... Set theory was much harder than expected 
Just heard a commercial for Torchsong come through on BBCA in my property manager's apartment. God I wish I was going 
Just heard a commercial on the radio for demi's tour 
Just heard a loud crashing from inside my house. Have walked around house, cannot find any evidence of crash. Not scary at all 
Just heard a really cool Darius Rucker song and didnt catch the name.  #fb
Just heard a song from Paramore's new album that they performed in Vegas. It's so awesomee! I wish I lived in America to see them on tour 
Just heard about my girl @Alisha973 and she doing okay and the bay bay bay is fine too!  Keeping her over night, though 
just heard about the Air France flight, so tragic 
just heard about the airfrance plane  Not good news for someone who is flying tomorrow
Just heard about the french plane  hope the best for them...  In other news, next stop for me is UK at 5am BST... TTFN
Just heard back from the Battersea dogs home and unfortunately they say he needs a large home with a garden. 
Just heard Call &amp; Answer on the radio. Informed Mom it was the last song BNL played during their last set. 
Just heard good vibrations and i thought of Charlie dying on Lost 
just heard horrible news about my x and my friend...it hurts so bad  i wish it would stop!
just heard La Roux is doing Glasto. I'll have to find out when to catch it on the Beeb, so amazing! Wish I could go in person 
Just heard Locked Up by Akon.. Wow. Reminds me of Elias senior year. Aww. Vince was n jail  no more weird questions about veins, Michelle.
just heard my grandpa is in the hospital again 
Just heard 'no boundaries' on the radio. Adam lambert does it so much better 
Just heard No Doubt is coming to VA Beach next month.  why not one month later?
just heard of an horrific accident in Peckham this morning? 
just heard of david cook's bro. AWW  RIP ADAM!!!!!! 
Just heard on the news about this fam in mesa,az that was robbed   ...all reportedly due to a follower on twitter!! Be careful what u ...
Just heard some shocking news at work. This is bad 
Just heard Susan Boyle isn't the champion of Britian's Got talent.  Too bad, I think &quot;I Dreamed a Dream&quot; is her best performance.
Just heard T.R. Knight is officially leaving Grey's Anatomy!!!  I had so hoped he would be back.  I &lt;3 Dr. George O'Malley
Just heard that my Neighbour who I saw being taken in the ambulance died yesterday 
Just heard that r church bus broke down  we have 2 workout a solution 4 pickin up the kids in the morning... please pray!
Just heard that they found Sandra Cantu... She was only 8 yrs old 
Just heard the FlightSafety is offering a FREE recurrent to people laid off after January 1, 2009. Doesent apply to me 
just heard the news that my twin cousins &amp; family from Vegas are moving back in PI. But why? I feel sad and happy at the same time. :O 
just heard the news this morning about the GA Theatre burning in Athens.  My friends, Mass Solo Revolt played there just last night!
Just heard the tragic news about Fintan    http://www.flickr.com/groups/bristol/discuss/72157618729910061/  #drupal
just heard there's gunna be a Scream 4!!!!!! member how redick Scream 3 was tho? wait, did anyone other than me see Scream 3? 
Just heard thunder 
just heard.. and alas, I didn't get the job 
just helped in cooking 
just here at work... 
just here trying to save my voice with every fucking shit life's giving to me for her defense! 
Just Here Workin  Boring Or What?? xxx
it saddens me when some people inflict pain upon themselves. it's like they're saying there's no more hope for the human race. 
it sadens me how lack of technology can saden me 
It says I have two followers but I only have one 
it says not in stock 
It seems dumb to not have a 'concede' option in #dotp multiplayer yet to count wins.  Need 1 more win for achievement but opponent quit 
It seems emily's mom doesn't want to talk to me *sigh* there went the only friend I had 
It seems everyone has died. 
it seems I'll have to wait until tomorrow evening for iPhone OS 3 http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/  #iFail
it seems like all the bentleigh kids are sad ! D: cheer up please 
It seems like everyone is goin to bed now im up by myself 
It seems like I used to like Half Baked more.. 
It seems like my tummy is bottomless 
it seems like Rafa might not be up for Wimbledon this year  ...he lost to Lleyton in straights today in a exhibition...press con tomorrow
It seems like the spam in my direct messages has really grown lately... 
it seems like trouble always finds me.  WHYYY
It seems like we always f*** everything 
It seems that #javaone this year is all about black T-shirts. Got my 6th, and counting. And about Java too.  Only one off-white T. 
It seems that @dushkin is cheating. When he opens the window he gets a breeze. All I get is mosquitoes. 
it seems that i am incapable of learning any new bracelet making skillz 
it seems that I'm going to lose the big #lgp2009's feast   I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
It seems that my time as a brunette is sadly coming to an end 
it seems that the #fixreplies issue is forgotten...  am I the only one who misses the thing?
It seems that the tidkeeps on rolling in, no matter how much i will myself against it.  I'm sorry.
instead of 80, tonight 120 km to get home..A1 and A12 closed 
instead of being on a yacht, enjoying a beautiful Cali day with fun peeps... I'm stuck playing Cinderella &amp; cleaning bar rut... Boo!  
instead of house arrest....exam arrest  
Instead of studying I spent 10 minutes drawing this. Sigh   http://mypict.me/3Ual
Int. Makeup Artists competition tomorrow. ..I know skin/color theory like no other; missing IMAT's tho   http://www.makeupartistshow.com/
Integration Done Please do not forget to take a look at the examples coming with TinyMCE before integration it takes much more time 
Intel Core i5 should be announced  My Q6600 feels old 
Intense but awesome Lost episode tonight. Next season not starting until 2010! 
Intense family conversations are always fun 
intense morning.... praying at the abortion clinic... pretty bummed now  say an extra prayer today for unborn babies!
intensely dislike that i portioned out some baked chips &amp; queso, then ran out of chips before queso, rest of chips are downstairs 
intentando intentarlo ONCE AGAIN! 
interent has become so boring, i want to delete my every site i have  but i know if i do, i will totally regret it
Interesting article about twitter and Iranian election on NYT.  cant link from phone 
Just hit a bird 
Just hit a bird with my car 
just hit an animal  it was a rabbit. No way I could have dodged it...horrible
Just hit her head trying to dive down the stairs to james  &lt;3 Kirsten
just hit my ankle on the desk. major pain 
Just hit my funny bone ~really~ hard. *hand goes numb* 
Just hit my head and i have a huge knot 
Just hit my head and knocked myself out...when will I learn 
Just hit my knee in the shower  can't believe how friggin bad that hurts!!
Just hit the 100 followers mark. Woot. First twitter goal achieved. Though I'm sure some spam bots will be removed lol and lower it on me 
just hit the coach outlet in gilroy, no cute shoes 
just home family is over for supper. 
Just home from Airsofting ; Cold feet and tired 
Just home from badminton, i feel ill  going to get some lunch.
Just home from fam outing-I jumped out of the car excited to see Ceasar inside, then i remembered he wasnt w/ me this time 
just home from majorca a few hours  i'm really missing it now X'D it was such a good  crack
Just home from my cardiac rehab. Now going to get ready for work. 
just home from work 1. 2 hours and i'm off to work number 2 
Just home from work, with a Bad headache 
JUST HOME HOME FROM (IN N OUT) PLAYN PS3 XD GT MAD N BROKE MY COOL FONE 
Just hoping June stays strong Had 1 show postpone til Aug/Sept Boo! 
Just hugged my grandpa for maybe the last time  i need a prayer squad.
just hung out with grant and desi! i miss them both SO much! 
Just hurt her elbow real bad full bleeding and scraped 
It seems that Twitter lost some updates yesterday - again!!  #twitter #fail
It seems the bus timetable has changed recently. This is unfortunate because I thought I'd be on one now. 
It seems the girl of my dreams has found the boy of her dreams.  alright, I'd better go to bed. Night you two.
It seems to be raining everywhere else but in Mumbai.The heats unbearable.Delayed Monsoon  http://myloc.me/40UR
It seems to me, i'm alone here. 
it seriously sucks balls that @romirai is leaving for good ON SATURDAY! 
It should be a crime to make kids get up this early to go to school 
It should be a crime to make kids get up thusbearly to go to school 
It should be a topic of research as to Why the hostel dwellers  loose the capability of studying at home.... Plz God Help Me.... 
It should be illegal to work in this weather  hope it holds for my day off tomorrow!
It should definately not be snowing outside! 
it should NOT take a 14 sec video an estimated 40 mins... -glares- 
It should really be family BBQ. 
It shouldn't rain on Saturdays!!! I wanted to go to the mountais 
it shows some people move on quickly 
It shud be illegal 2 make fake pages pretending 2 be somebody else! &gt; Ugh i hate distances 
It smells FANTASTIC outside! I love it when it rains in the summer. I'm hoping for a great thunderstorm soon. today's was short. 
It smells rancid in my house! But I'm gonna try and sleep anyway  goodnite twatters.
It so bloody cold 
it so not happy it's raining on a bank holiday 
it sounds so rainy out, but it's not. 
It sounds sooooo scary outside 
it started out with three little words, and ended with a simple 'sorry' 
it started to rain 
it still had my old address on it so the tickets have gone there!  what the hell am i meant to do now?? help! the show's on Sunday!
it still raining. And i was going to the moviees 
Interesting article about twitter and Iranian erection on NYT.  cant link from phone  (via @alffritter)
Interesting chat today. What does someone from out-of-country want to do while in Arizona? So far, it's seems to be... go to LA.  
Interesting fact of the day don't rub ur eyes after eating salt and vinegar crisps it kinda stings 
Interesting idea, but lots of very bad security consequenses :s http://unite.opera.com/  
Interesting idea, but lots of very bad security consequenses :s unite.opera.com 
interesting night (to say the least)...heading to bed. waking up early for work 
Interesting stuff, @AdamOfDallas, the problem is that the follow/unfollow thing is hard these days, not for me only.  http://ff.im/-4pZj7
Interesting that its against Google�s TOS to use a POP3 account to grab ALL the emails from your GMAIL account.Account might get locked. 
Interesting. The business partner that I supposed to meet ended up on a Train that did go to Prague but didn't stop, he is now 200km away 
Interesting. Twitted seems to have converted the uri in my last tweet to a short form without asking me 
Interesting: how food stylists make that dish picture-worthy no longer eat-worthy  http://tinyurl.com/msj3d7
Intermediate - Moderate Concussion.No riding 4-6wks  Will have &quot;teh dumb&quot; for quite a few more days so beware!!
Internal dilemma: the redwings or Andy Samberg? ahhh 
Internation Festival today. Really nervous. 
Internet #fail at the office, plus I don't have my 3g dongle on me  thank god for iPhone 3g for keeping me 'connected'
Internet access out at the house all weekend making this one disconnected 
It still sucks that I weren't allowed to go to Normandy with school because the bus was full &gt;.&lt; everyone says that it was awesome 
It still was a good year. 
it stoped raining but it is too wet to go on my dune buggy 
It stopped raining already 
It struck me that whenever we are frustrated with our kids, the underlying message is, &quot;I wish you weren't like that.&quot;    Devastating.
it such a bored thing 
it sucks bein in uk sumtimes i hav 2 wait til 2nite 2 watch mtv movie awards 
It sucks being so far away  i'd do anything to have your company
It sucks going to bed by yourself and it's storming outside 
It sucks I can't go out with my Tash  ugggh. I wish my back would hurry up &amp; stop hurting!!!!
It sucks I want it soo bad. On this other site I can get it from it's in .rar and I can't download any programs to fix it. 
it sucks it sucks it sucks....  
It sucks not being able to buy books. 
It sucks not talking to ur mum 
It sucks that I can't play on the Xbox for the next few weeks  Stupid Red-ring of death!
it sucks that I'm in CA and I still have to wait 3 more hr to watch the awards   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
It sucks that none of the big UK banks have Direct Connect ability for a normal home user, and all of their internet banking sites suck! 
It sucks that the princess is tired! She doesnt wanna see me today!  I dont feel loved anymore!  lol jk
It sucks that you can go from SOOOO HAPPY to not really happy at all so easily 
it sucks that..jepha didnt put a password..that if we would find him we get something from him if we would find him.... 
it sucks to be allergic to my beloved dannie girl 
it sucks to be me right now 
it sucks to be moving furniture on such a beautiful day 
It sucks to be sick 
It sucks to have the stomach flu on the same day they shut off the water to work on the lines.  
it sucks to know your losing someone and theres nothing you can do to change it 
It sucks trying to be a power-couple sometimes.  This is when you find out who your true friends are.
It sucks when 2GB of RAM is not enough anymore 
It sucks when everybody gets paid... and you don't 
It sucks when for the first day in the week its really nice... I'm stuck in work which has no windows  then have to study...
It SUCKS when my playmate is MIA all weekend.  Sad  
It sucks when the guy you like likes someone else  kinda bad mood now
it sucks when the happyness turns into bummed outedness 
It sucks when you fix all your stuff for practice and then you wake up with a huge migraine and be told you can't practice anymore. 
It sucks when you go to sleep feeling crappy and then wake up four hours later feeling 100% crappier AND with a fever.   
It sucks when you miss someone do much 
It sucks! iPhone OS update for iPod Touch is NOT free!  http://www.apple.com/ipodtouch/softwareupdate.html
it sucks! raining so hard 
It sucks, can't go to the Medieval Convention today  ... happens once a year and I'll miss it
It sucks, I am sad that Jenni and Greg are leaving us 
it sucks, I'm really sad  and angry about the whole thing, Chilly needed a buddy 
IT SUM 1 I REALLY LIKE BUT IM SCARED TO TRUST THE SITUATION I BE GIVEN THIS PERSON THE COLDEST SHOULDA I DONT WANT MY EMOTION TAKIN OVA 
I't sunny outside, so paperwork or gardening? 
It sure doesn't feel like Summer here in Michigan yet. Woke up to a temp of 40 degrees! It's to warm to snowboard and too cold to bike 
it sure is hard being pregnant in this hot weather 
It sure looked like it.    to 6flags
it sux, one of my patients has calcium oxylate crystals in her urine, these specific crystals are formed when antifreeze is ingested 
it takes 21 days to make a habbit &amp; 21 days to break it... im so ready to let 21 days pass 
It takes a lot to get me angry and I cool off quickly. But, I do not like people who try to step up by putting down someone else.! 
It takes a lot to stop me cooking. Toothache returns- grim!!! We will now eat take away from the local curry house 
It takes hours to make a backup of my iPhone with iTunes... 
it takes sooooo long to move 2TBs.. Both macs are useless right now 
it took $7,500,000 it make the titanic, 20,000,000 tons of ice to sink it and $200,000,000 to make a movie about it. well how fun! 
it took dem abou 2 nd a half hours 2 walk it bu it was mad craic hahaha nd dey robd all my clothes 
It took me ~ 10 minutes to post a link on FB. FAIL! What a hideous interface. It did use to be more intuitive, now it's just awful 
it took me 3 hours to read through bio once i am so fucked for this exam, going to wake up at like 6 to study all day til 12 
It took me half an hour for a 50km drive, and another half hour for the last 5km 
It took two hours today to drive from Santa Cruz to Stanford! 
Internet after 1 day of withdrawal. I think I need to get help for this addiction... and lucozade orange. Damn Ada offers 
Internet again creating problems,,,,,  
Internet connection at the office is down 
internet connection is flaky at the hotel... 
internet connection is super slow today, and i can't nail down the reason 
Internet connection seemed consistent already - it has been ON and OFF for days... 
internet connection today = granny speed 
Internet connection was interrupted 
internet connectivity from fone acting up...me Don't likes 
internet down.  haven't updated in days!
Internet down. Boo 
Internet Explorer makes me wanna hurt people 
Internet fail! This is discouraging. Internode never goes down, so I'm guessing the problem is mine 
Internet gone again .. thank you Comcast!! it's not like I need to be connected to work or anything .. I'm just surfing for fun 
Internet in the house is down  comcast can't fix it until Wednesday  that sucks... Panrea here I come lol
Internet is back! For now 
Internet is damn slow since last 2-3 days.. Not willing to blog at this speed!  Thinking to shoot off mail to BSNL guys! #BSNL #Fail
internet is down, only thing thats working is twitter and my finger hurts now  http://bit.ly/tsGZ0
Internet is down.  looks like I might have to wait for the @comcast guy tomorrow. Sigh, on hold-STILL.
Internet is getting damn slow today.. 
internet is not playing ball today 
internet is out!  WTF at&amp;t
internet is painfully slow. have a test everyday this wk 
INTERNET IS RULING MY LIFE 
Internet is slow during the day... on a Sunday!!!! Pffffff.... won't be able to watch Silverstone.... 
Internet is slow until June 14th 
internet is so lame at the minute, good job craigslist doesn't take up much bandwidth applied for loads of jobs again  come on toronto
internet is so slow! 
Internet is so slow! I neeeeeed an upgrade. 
internet is too fucking slow. can`t look at shoes, takes too long to load 
internet is too slow 
Internet just went down @ work 
Internet keeps fuckin up  Guess i'll go to sleep. TTYL, Night fam!!!
internet not up at my new aprtmnt til thursday  another twitter hiatus! hoe youre all well!!
Internet not workin. Again... 
internet on trains is 100% awful!!! 
internet shaping is killing me!! never again  ..
Internet Speed envy! Mum's work internet speed: http://www.speedtest.net/result/484491339.png vs my 512k at home 
it totally NOT good to be on the phone 'til 5 o'clock in the morning, @SlovesG i rly love you, but I'm feelin sooo ill now 
IT townhall this morning. Keeping my fingers crossed. Last time they announced layoffs. 
It tripled my account in 11 weeksVisit http://bit.ly/Nsf8te ^^Has a bad feeling about college 
it turns on...then it goes off 
it turns out i'm never happy with drum samples LOL  no fair
It turns out that sleeping in is something my body is 100% uncapable of doing. 
It waas cool,but now i'm so tireed and i have school tomorow at 7 am 
It was 100 degrees in San Lucas today .., take me there .. I wanna go there 
it was 12 degrees this am!!! 12??? That's like a summers day in UL I know but here its very cold!winter getting close 
It was 94 today, sunny, still no rain  but I made the best brownies! Yum! http://www.michele24.etsy.com
it was a claudy shopping day  kurat!!!
it was a geat day.. `till now ... 
it was a good day .. i had a great time with my girlfriend .. but the free sunday is over .. and tomorrow starts a new long busy week 
It was a good meet up!  But I still have a headache and a dry throat. 
It was a great American Idol Finale...Pity Adam didn't win though 
It was a great day diving, viz is getting better but sadly no Whale Sharks today 
It was a hood night out at the dogs last night.... Even if I did loose money 
it was a LONG night with neb treatments for my daughter's asthma... she seems better today than yesterday, but not better yet. 
It was a long night without Tufferance by my side. 
It was a nice summer while it lasted 
It was a sad day... Don't think my glitter gloss will make it better 
Internet still down   whats going on out there? I feel so out of touch!
Internet still down. Luckily I can watch the game. Sorry if you DM..I can't answer 
Internet stopped working right in the middle me quantum leap.  grr
internet surfing... i was so bored, seems the rain wont stop... 
Internet won't be totally fixed until Thursday afternoon at the earliest 
Internets running so sloooooooooooooow, feeling shiiiit. hurry up time, go faster 
internet's slow today... 
internship day 3: not looking so good. run out of ideas  seriously stuck. &amp; well, feel broke!
internship go moved to next week.. slept a little bit later now i woke up frm my dream and wished it wast a dream!! 
Internship's over   Now what? Here's the post internship checklist - http://bit.ly/eo9tc ^AG
Interupted twice during my nap. Very annoyed 
interveiw today. loads of coursework to do, by 29th June. Then i can get onto year 2. had a really bad sleep last night 
Intervention is so sad and depressing 
interview 
interview for foundation art tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Needs a job in leeds desperately 
interview in 45 mins!! whish me luck.. stressed out 
Interview in front of a camera tomorrow.  I don't HAVE a good side.
interview in t minus 5. Yikes 
Interview in the morning I'm gonna be ohhh sooo tired 
Interview tomorrow! 
Interview went ok I think. Don't find out until next week if I get the house tho 
interview went well.. i have the job, its always guaranteed.. but i have to start later 
Just hurt my ankle running to the toaster oven so i could get my Pizza....now it hurts. 
Just I need At my  true friends! I don´t wanna a bad friends!! 
Just improvised an amazing song on piano and now i cant remember it. 
Just in and found a huuuge spider on my wall!! :S Dads in his bed so theres noone to kill it!!! 
just in bed, it is actually so hot its unbelievable. i wish i was going to alton towers, right now there leaving 
-Just in from my gig in Vancouver. Disappointing numbers wise but a great vibe nonetheless. Time for some sleep. Got to be up in 3 hours 
just in from uncle's party, my gran was tired so we had to leave early. 
Just in from work... back at 7 though 
Just in my local o2 store,nothing new,same old,same old  http://yfrog.com/0p4rmj
Just in newry...me and cat are going to buy a tent! Summer 2008 people! Its raining now though. 
Just installed Firefox on my work PC. IE6 was too painful to bear. 
Just installed Silverlight and now i can't load IGN 
Just installed TweetDeck, and man i can see why people use it! But how do i load all my tweets? 
just installed tweetdeck, now off to go sailing in the rain by herself 
Just installed twitter app called destroytwitter# looks pretty good and has some cool features but doesn't look as nice as twhirl 
Just installed TwitterBerry to my Blackberry... This app isn't easy to use,either!! 
It was an accident, but I was so embarrased and blushed. Now I don´t know how much I like him... Do I have a crush????  SAD!!! 
It was andrewlamb.com they want $500+ for. Just clearing that up before I get hassled. Again. Andylamb.com redirects to wantabet.com. 
IT WAS BRING YA DAD TO SCHOOL TODAY MY DAUGHTER DIDNT WANT ME TO LEAVE 
it was closed 
It was cold all this weekend so I couldn't bbq  I'm gettin it in right now tho!
It was definitely one beer too many yesterday 
it was either get rear ended w/ 10 gals. of gas in the back or hit the bunny..im sad as the bunny lost. 
it WAS fun but class just started today  @nickp07
It was fun tonight... I forgot to pack my pj's darn... Guess I have to sleep in my jeans 
It was fun while it lasted..  No more 9.A 
It was great working with @feliciaday at E3. She really is as cool as you think she is. Didn't get to meet the Beatles. 
It was hard to wake up this morning. Maddie now has a cold too. 
It was like 90 degrees and all i did was run, seriously i got to the end and my hair had gone all curly  i looked a right state but its -
Just interrupted sleeping for some strange reason  it's 5.10 am over here and I just woke up ... on a saturday morning  *grrr*
Just into work for a 13 hour shift and I'm sleepy already 
just joined and havent got a clue 
just joined this....yet another reason for me to sit on my butt in front of the computer.  joy  
just joined twitter and doesnt know anyone yet... 
just joined twitter and no one I know is on it 
just joined twitter i have no idea what i am doing so follow me or something so  dont feel so alone 
just joined twitter. yeay I'm on twitter!!! but dunno if my friends are here 
Just joined twitter.. dont have a clue how to use it  xx
Just joining completely lost????? 
just joining twitter...i feel left out 
Just jumped off something i shouldnt have at the church barbeque i think sprained both my ankles 
Just jumped out of my own skin when a takeaway menu or some Christian propaganda or similar popped through the letterbox. Unstable today 
Just keep saying to myself &quot;The plants are loving this rain. It's good for the veggies.&quot; and blinking away tears of disappointment 
just kicked my desk and it really hurt 
just kicked the door and done something to my leg  lmfao x
just kickin all bord  missin my hunny bunny
Just kidding no more hooburrito  but thank you to all my amazing friends who came out to support me tonight... I ove you guys so much!
Just kidding, of course...though I wish I could be a part of some late night blogtv/skype/tokbox sessions    Still living w/parents sucks.
Just kidding. I have to wait. 
Just kidding. Nobody cares about ivan is dead. 
just killed a 3' snake in Phillips flower bed. Forgot to take pics  Brown Watersnake.
just killed my 2nd gen ipod touch  install of OS3 was interrupted = entire restore me #fail
Just knew today that am part of POEM &amp; POES ( advance class for math/science)i dont know if that's a good thing, but am officially a nerd 
Just knowing that certain ppl are not around makes me a tiny bit    @modulista @modulist @AllisonNazarian @Lapp
just laid down an once again realized my brother is never coming back 
Just landed at lax . . It's cold 
just landed back home....... back to life, back to reality 
Just landed I have a headache 
Just landed in chicago!i miss california 
Interview with a major Firm @ 5:15...its 2:39 and I gotta be out the do0r @ 3...where's my tie, sox and chapstick?!  
Interview with Big Brothers Big Sisters and then work until 5. Looks like severe weather is on the way. 
Interview with US Bank went well today.  Will know the decision late this week maybe early next week 
Interviewing tomorrow . . It's too hot to wear a suit 
Intimate acoustic affair with Mika at Le Poisson Rouge tonight! Sold Out 
Into center... 7-11 Rogers.  - GO PANTHERS
Intresting day, I wanna go to the cup now  ugh
Intro project stuff. Wahhh! 
invested in a bottle of Corn Huskers Lotion bcus my hands r supper dry I dont take proper care of my hands n wt wld I do wthout them 
Investigation tomorrow night* Can't wait!!  Cheer carwash at 1 
Invited to help folks understand the power of Twitter and what I do at a convention today. Right when the new iphone OS is released. 
Inviting people over to drink some coffee, don't I have enough condensed milk *turning red* Stupid, have to call my mother 
it was like a river going through my house. i dunno when i'll be online again...my internet router was ruined from all the water. 
It was Maine's tummy.  Uh oh, now they're all going to go down. 
It was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!
it was my birthday  i wannt to break up with him but im scared of being lonelyyyyy  Elpppp
It was odd not walking with @RAwrbeccah this morning. 
It was okay had an asthma attack  @Christine_Ex #squarespace night TwitterBobzZ
It was Phoenix, not the UPS man.  LOL I've never wanted to see a man instead of her before, but this one will have my book!
It was pouring rain for a few minutes and then it suddenly stopped 
it was raining so we couldn´t go 
It was rainy and cloudy in the Windy City today &amp; WF customers had some serious SAD issues! I'm with them, when is summer coming? 
It was really fun NOT being at wild rivers! 
it was really really nice. now its really really not. 
It was really scarryyyy... 
it was sad on graduation day. i cried for all my friends who i wont see again.  we had a great ride though and i dont regret anything
it was so amazing meeting mitchel  his friend was nice,his dad was funny, and he was soo hot!♥ we got to call mason but he didnt answer 
It was so cold today! started raining our of no where! 
it was so hard  , bep in my ass
It was so hot at the lakers parade... My chest got sun burned bad  Going to take a nap...zzzzzzzz
It was so hot today! I got a sunburn  I Bycycled 20km today ;) We went to see faterfall with marta, I will add twitpics of waterfall !
It was so much easier setting up my old Blackberry and @TwitPic than this new one 
It was so nice and sunny this morning, now it's raining and grey 
it was so nice out...unfortunately Tony did not win 
it was so nice to get away from my cubicle for 2 hours. i'm totally going to miss the M4 crowd. 
it was soo hot..and the DK girls was lookin hawt(no homo)..i loved it..bringing back memories of DK 
iont get this hanna montana shit. 
Ioo's Web Game of the Week is live on #AbleGamers, go take a look, unless you are colorblind  http://ablegamers.com/web-games/540.html
iPhone 3 is slow on the 3G  what is apple doing to us?!?!?
iPhone 3.0 + Yelp update = yelp search broken 
iPhone 3.0 big let down. Can't believe all the hype it had. BOO! 
iPhone 3.0 Firmware and America's Army 3 unlock. Today is just a day of waiting. 
iPhone 3.0 got delayed til tomorrow.....I have to stick to the beta 
iPhone 3.0 installed. Cut &amp; paste is a treat. iStore won't let me upgrade apps. Have accepted new terms 5 times, but it keeps asking 
iPhone 3.0 is still being released today. Sorry for my inaccurate tweets. I just wish they woulda gave us a time with the date  SUPER LAME
Iphone 3.0 is UNLOCKED!!!!  I wanna go home NOW!!! 
iPhone 3.0 not working with car dock properly. And it was flakey on 2.2.1  have to connect, wait, reconnect!
iPhone 3.0 OS release has been delayed 1 day 
iPhone 3.0 update delayed until June 18th  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/ #fb
iPhone 3.0 update is now available on the june 18th instead of 17th. http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/   
IPhone 3.0 update: Emergency Call only, my IPhone, ITune can't connect to the ITune store to complete my request 
iphone 3.0 updates ... but do not get excited  http://twitpic.com/7ohek
iPhone 3.0, I can't wait to go home and upgrade so I can read those MMS messages.. oh.. wait 
iPhone 3.0-ed and loving the add ons but not loving the amount of work he has to do 
iPhone 3G 3.0 update &quot;The iPhone cannot be updated at this time because the iPhone activation server is temporarily unavailable.&quot; 
IPhone 3G is all packed up to sell tonight.Using a dumbphone for the day.I'm gonna miss you little guy  but hello IPhone 3G S later today!
iPhone 3G S has turned up at last.. Can't play with my new toy until tonight though. 
iPhone 3G S is the best! Selling them? Not so much. 
iphone 3g s is worth it, even at full price 
iPhone 3G S launch tomorrow, can't go because of cheer 
iphone 3GS at the Apple Store fail so far is a Fido problem 
Iphone 3Gs launches today!!!!!  I won't be getting mine for a few more weeks!
iphone activation server is dead 
iphone apple/at&amp;t ppl stinks.. been waiting 40 hours for my new phone to activate.. 
Iphone atualizado. Decepção com o bluetooth again 
iPhone backup failed  I accidentally disconnected it arg. Watching Dateline NBC.
Just landed in Flint, MI. The weather here is horrible!  I miss LA already!
just landed in minneapolis  somebody feet stank on the plane ughh... lol
Just landed in PHX...excited...haven't seen kids in 3 weeks...wife in 1.  However, they're leaving tom. to Hawaii for 6 weeks 
just landed last night and is on another plane mañana. 
Just landed now to school 
Just landed! There's nothing like recycled air    Glad to be back in philly! Hope my bro is early for the pickup!
Just landed! Ugh. First plane ride ever. I hate it!! 
Just landed. 
just landed. hate having to wait for people taking down a million things from overhead bin when I only brought one small carryon 
Just laying on my couch. Woke up feel ing like poo had to miss my acting class 
just learn from gunadi that 2 of my followers kena banned.. so sad.. cos they were lesbians.. 
Just learned Chuck Norris' real name is Carlos Ray  somehow doesn't sound as bad-ass as Chuck!  http://bit.ly/D5crd
just learned how to use email on my phone...just got harder to justify a smartphone 
Just learned my cute cousin was held in her house by 3 gangsters with knives, they sliced her bf's arm to a pool of blood 2 open the door 
Just learned of my landlord's loss of his oldest cat, Misha 
Just learned on Intervention that self injurers are 30 times more likely to commit suicide.  
it was sooo foggy on the on the freeway 2nite it was actually scary! 
it was sunny here this morning so we thought we'd go out this afternoon but the weather had other plans 
It was supposed to be a SAD face 
It was supposed to rain a whole bunch today, so I didn't go out to Old Settler's Music Festival. Now it looks really nice outside. 
it was the best G1 I ever. No phone will take its place. I'll be mournin all night. Wish i could explain to Daisy whats going on here.  
it was the first piece i got when i became a raver.. given to me by the girl who took me to my first rave 
It was too live and direct last night at ucla saw my niggas@rAyrAy88 @RoNtHE_cSs_KiDD @Toethelious yall nigga should have came with me in 
It was very windy and snowing last night &amp; it's 30 degrees, windy &amp; misting outside right now.  Dear Winter, GO 'WAY! #spring #snow #May
it wasn't a good Arabic  exam   hope to make better at English tomorrow :'(
It wasnt a really good idea 
It wasn't enough to make it all okay. 
It Wasn't Good. 
It wasn't meant to rain until tomorrow! 
It will be nice when I am settled soon. I've been falling behind on some things 
It will if I do it in a round about way. I ahve to copy the public contacts into my personal contacts first.  no big deal
It wonakt come up on my computer...just the phone...for now  
it wont let me add a picture  there too big
it wont let me change my picture 
it wont let me delete my profile 
It won't let me follow u.... 
It won't let me send a pic  I wanted to share my fun with my tweet pals
just learned that 3 american bulldogs killed a border collie in the park last week. all 3 have been put to sleep. tragedy. owner's fault 
Just learned that a person I held in very high asteem - Birger Müller - died yesterday. Dammit... why is it always the wrong ones? Sad 
Just learned that Bob Bogle, guitarist &amp; bassist in The Ventures, passed away 4 days ago, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_Bogle 
Just learned that one of my favourite bloggers is very poorly indeed. There isn't going to be any more. 
Just learned that when you lose a wallet on the ChinaTown bus (Philly to NY, especially late night), you never get it back. Never.  #fb
just learned the only Titanic survivor passed away 
Just learned tonight that some good friends are moving away  really sad, but glad they're going to have new adventures together.
just learned via tweet that my bif is watching Grandma's Boy with @cciraldo and @cnhorsley. i myself am studying for women's studies 
just learnt about Karine Ruby's death, sad 
just learnt movin frontside 180's and shuv its. on the other hand my mate may never use his arm after he broke and dislocated his elbow 
Just learnt that ITV are alledgedly not going to make any more episodes of Primeval. My son will be devastated. 
just learnt what the hell &quot;2 Girls 1 Cup&quot; is all about. Extremely, extremely disturbing.  Link ROT13. uggc://serr2t1p.pbz/
just learnt why I should take better care of thumb drive lids. Chocolate in my USB drive 
Just leavin my Romey Rome.......and him can walk and say/wave bye-bye  Awwwwwww *Super Sexy*
Just leaving Chicago.. Now comes the LONG ride home. 
Just leaving downtown - found a dress FINALLY!! But still not my size in my colour....gotta go back tomorrow 
Just leaving high meadow. 
Just leaving Leatherhead heading back to the East Midlands on a Bank Holiday Friday, M25, M1, what a bummer! 
Just leaving office. Won't be able to make it to #satleo @wanderblah @Krist0ph3r @shaaqt next time 
Just leaving the office now 
Just leaving the ranch.  i'm sad.
Just leaving work... Gunna go have a few adult beverages with Mac before she move to AZ 
just left  gym - sore today  
Just left 1612 wilson for the last time 
it wont let me sign into msn KMT!!!! im vexx! 
It wont stop thundering. Cant sleep  Better not storm tomorrow ugh.
it wont upload on facebook either. hm, what is the internet trying to tell me..? 
It wont work    Seriously? Where are all the Celebrities on Twitter?
it won't work for me  bad times haha.
it worked for me  @toymaloy haha forgot to put your name in then ;)
it would appear I am getting no better deal on my flight to NYC than $329.... 
It would be kind of fun to go retro and set up a bbs for grins.... except I haven't had a phone line in over 10 years... 
It would be my uncles birthday today.  R.I.P Peter. ily.
It would be nice if I could breath... I'm getting sick. 
It would be nice if the n97 had the pull down media bar like the 5800XM has 
It would be nice if the painkillers would start working now. 
It would be nice not to have to work on a Saturday 
It would be raining like crazy when I get off early 
It would be really nice of Twitter to allow my picture to work. 
It would be ridiculously wonderful if the sun decides to show its beautiful face...its a bobby pin day 
It would be that Dover race that they played on Classic. 
It would have been nice to tell me if you'd moved  God dammit.
It would seem that if I cheer for you, you will lose! 
it would sewlem my tiny vacation has ended. It is now time for work. 
It would turn nicer later in the day, would it not? I'm too late for Kelvingrove 
It&quot;s a sad day at work.   
it;s raining 
It`s friday and i am happy... hopefully there is no traffic jam when i drive home... there are so many tourists=terrorits... 
it`s going to be nice and sunny tomorrow. this calls for a tanning day! (: i miss you.. why are you in california 
It`s hot here 
it`s raining  my tv`s gonna go all spazzy
It´s fucking shitty to be stuck in feelings! Come get me out! Love sucks when it´s a one-sided &quot;joy&quot;. Have to think about the use of it! 
iPhone being soooo slow today  But have to venture out of the comforts of the apartment today.. Have a business meeting at 5.
iPhone contactlist is bugged since my last software update #OS3 want to call someone but cant open contactdetails from the list 
iPhone crashed took 6 hours to revive!! 
iPhone currently bricked during iPhone 3.0 update. Keep on getting &quot;network connection timed out&quot; error 
iphone delayed the software update! boooo. off to bed. boo hoo 
iPhone does not support java/flash in safari? rly? 
iPhone drying out since nasty toilet encounter Mon   What're the odds all will be well w/turn on tomorrow? All + energy welcome. ;-&gt;
Iphone has a newer version today!  NOT FAIR! iphone 3g enough for me now? #iphone
iPhone in for repair  Weird problem where could not hear anyone on calls. And just before firmware 3.0 is out too!
iphone is back... not really as different as I thought it would be.  
iPhone is finally back to normal, just got to sync all my music and videos now  urgh
iPhone is hosed. Reboots often hang and all non-built-in apps crash immediately. Restore time. 
iPhone is partially broken.  There's a gap between the front &amp; back case on upper left side, &amp; the silence on/off slider doesn't work.
iPhone is restoring in iTunes... i actually felt a bit sad saying goodbye to my setup! I spent many an hour tweaking 
iPhone Nummer 8, Cracks in the Back. @tmobile_iphone Dit word mij een beetje teveel 
iPhone on her way to T-mobile repair center, hope she will be back soon ... Twitter on low level 
iPhone on Three (http://store.three.com.au/Apple-iPhone-3G-Coming-Soon) but in july .. I guess that means I won't be getting one on day 1 
iPhone order FAIL as apparently my address doesn't exist  It's quite literally a postcode lottery with this stuff. Grr. Will try again.
iPhone OS 3.0 Downloadable on June 18th. 1 Day delay 
iPhone OS 3.0 installed MMS doesn't work 
iPhone OS 3.0 is amazing!...now to resync all of my apps because I had to install it on a different computer 
iPhone OS 3.0 is still limited to one Exchange account, so no Google Sync Exchange for me. 
iPhone OS 3.0 not yet available  The direct link to Apple is not for 3G (iPhone 1,2) but for 3G S (iPhone 2,1). What about the iPhone 3,1?
Iphone os 3.0 still downloading 
iPhone push not working on my unlocked iPhone....  #tmobile-fail
Iphone question? iPod does not play to my bluetooth? 
iphone resyncing after 3.0 update. Can't play yet 
iPhone safari won't work in Glasgow?? Any ideas?? Or do I have to wait to return to London this eve to surf 
It´s raining  soooo boring
It´s raining ...again. Also: Back to work tomorrow - no more vacation 
it´s raining again  at home its the same so homesickness isn´t really neccessary^^ (lol)
It´s raining and we can´t go outside 
It´s really could today    I hope that changes soon.
It´s saturday and I´m cleaning all flat 
It´s so boring  someday I´ll fly to america  I think it´s great there...
It´s so unfair, no one is wirting me 
It´s the first day of the month and I already spent half my money! Good job Vera! 
it´s to rainy for the party that sucks 
it´s weekend and it´s cold! 
It’s confirmed that on June 8 is the start of our class. 
Italian exam in just over an hours time...this will not be good! 
Italian for today: FARFALLA ~ meaning &quot;Butterfly&quot; Here's Luca Carboni's Farfallina. Sorry can't find the video  http://tinyurl.com/njul36
Italy lost 
Itching to do some retail therapy. Why's e queue at club 21 so lonnng?? 
Itching to hop on the Mountain Bike! 
Itchy allergies  Kept making me mess up playing Super Mario!
itchy eyes 
itchy eyes.  
Itchy eyes...grass being cut...oh-oh. 
itchy eyes/throat, sore, head pounding...hello allergies, I hate you 
itchy foot and it wont go away 
itchy throat 
it'd be really cool if my friends were on twitter. all the people who are following me aren't people  i dont think?
Ite rainy. so i have to go shopping tomorrow. 
It�s a day I'm glad I survived... http://bit.ly/Dl8wF  
it�s a rainy day and it�s cold 
it�s been raining 4 almost 24 hours now 
It�s raining 
It�s such a nice day outside. And here�s me stuck at my PC 
it�s the same here in Berlin...cold and windy  
It�s what you do, unthinking, that makes the quick tear start; The tear may be forgotten� But the hurt stays in the heart.  goodnight.
It'll be over soon. It'll all be over soon. 
just left a going away party for two of my co-workers!  Both leaving because of husbands jobs!  
Just left a horrible day at school!  but ready for the weekend! 
Just left Amanda at work.  Not gonna see her until about 5 in the morning... Hope my phone stays on that long!
just left BHam  @least the coach doesn't smell fishy this time tho! Thanks 4a sikk night out as always gyals, rd 2 in a few weeks yeah? ;)
just left BHam  had a wicked night out! Early night methinks ready for work tomorrow! Grrrrr!
Just left brooks dr appt, 3 shots 
Just left casino and hitting the sack since my bf is a sleepy head. no fun for me 
just left disneyworld for the last time this year 
just left downtownn! the fieldtrip was sooo fun! last one of the yearr ): i'm sure gonna miss PALs! 
Just left emily's grad party its only been one week from my paradigm family and i miss them so much 
Just left home depot goin placess . Surgery tommrw 
Just left mollys. Now time to go home and finally relax...still not feeling good 
just left my daughter at the airport  Jana &lt;3
just left my fam @ the airport! 
just left my Father's gravesite.  He passed away 2 months before my college graduation.  
Just left my happy place 
Just left my toots  lol listening to music for a lil then bed
Just left Pawnee but didn't want to   On to the STL
just left six flags...im so tired.  I had a chicken tender basket that tasted like dirt...now my stomach hurts 
Just left the bank. Might it be casual cleavage Fridays at this branch?  Jeez!  Everyone is flaunting them today. Some shouldn't be. 
Itong hard disk ay hindi 100GB 
Itouch is gonna die soon...so if I don't tweet for ages...it's coz it died! 
iTouch OS 3.0 YouTube app doesn't work  does anyone else have the same problem.
It's   been   raining    all    morning    
It's  humid and sticky and nasty here tonight 
it's &quot;one of those days&quot; where everything is poop; in a negative, fed up mood. 
It's @drumgoddess versus the broken shaker. 
It's @natsmith88 last Friday today 
It's 08:24, and there is a big fight outside my house. 
It's 1 am. I keep wanting this more and more. I really need to go to sleep, I'm getting to caught up 
Its 1 in the a.m. SleepLESS tv LESS and lonely  smart one diana
It's 1.26am and I'm still awake and still working 
it's 1:13am my stomach hurts and i can't fall asleep. this is why i have bedtime set 
It's 1:36 and I'm still waiting for my lunch date to show up 
its 1:51 am and i cant sleep. i miss baby  cant wait t0 see him again &lt;33
It's 10 pm and i'm still working on job apps. My hand hurts from typing and writing. Someone text meee! 
It's 10.30pm on a Friday night and I'm going to bed. How pathetic. 
It's 10:43 my cat is not home yet   Must stay up, it's going to be a long day tomorrow
It's 11:30 and somehow only feels like 8:30. This day flew by. I don't understand. Time is passing way, way too fast and I don't like it. 
It's 11:35pm here and I'm not tired one bit :] School in 2 days. Blahh 
its 11:38 nd im still upp doin ist hwrk  ... so tireddddddd zZzZzZZZZ...
iphone spell check keeps changing &quot;probs&quot; to &quot;probe&quot;. i keep probing people 
Iphone still in process 
iPhone stuck in headphones mode. It sucks. I can't find any solution 
iPhone up early enough for me to get before work  damn you's at Cupertino.
iPhone update 3.0 scheduled cor hume 17th... They have only 12 hours left, I can't download it yet 
iPhone update complete but now none of my apps as soon as I start them they close a second later  anyone else had same issue??
iPhone update deleted all my purchased music 
iPhone update isn't available yet 
iPhone update June 18?! 
iPhone update needs to hurry up and download. 
iPhone update not till tomorrow. It's breaking my geeky little heart 
iPhone Ver3 available June 17. NOT for NZ. We have to wait til 18th? why can't we just have it a little earlier since we are +12 timezone 
iPhones r so cool but so expensive have tried to convince parentals about buying one but they are like 400 quid so no chance 
IPL schedule for SA now online http://snurl.com/fezu1 , but none of Joburg matches are bookable yet  #cricket http://ff.im/-1Ynyy
IPL Starts ...and eats up all my week end time  ....good to see Dare Devils and Chargers winning
IPL Starts early in morning... will miss my first match. 
IPLT20 website is down! Dousing a lot of cricket fans' interests.  http://ff.im/-2eoU9
iPod 3.0 update is down again - looks like the store page was borked 
iPod earphones are fucked. 
iPod has encountered error 0xE8000075. Seems to happen almost every time I connect it to the development system these days 
iPod is playing &quot;Brand New Key&quot; by Melanie. There used to be a band that covered it that played old Mia's all the time.  I miss them. 
iPod is playing up while trying to put paolo nutini's album on 
iPod just stopped working...fml 
Ipod on about 2 turn off on my ass....ugghhh I need sum juice...cant work without it 
ipod touch crashed!!! first time 
iPod Touch doesn't see my (cheapo £10) Bluetooth headset 
iPod touch tweetie not loading any tweets from search/trends always &quot;no status found with that ID&quot; 
it's 11pm &amp; i reminded my wife she was supposed to give me new #hair earlier. she said i must stay up late for hair cuz i look ridiculous 
It's 12 pmand I'm fucking tired 
Its 12.. Exam is day after 2mrw, i'm feelin damn bored. I just want to lie down but i know i wont get up. 
its 12.12 pm in Indonesia. very HOT ! hufffh 
its 12:00 ! im starting to feel tired  i dont wanna sleep. i CANT sleep. i HAVE to stay up until 4 am! :|
it's 12:20am and my poor hubby is on an airplane, poor thing...he has had a nightmare flying day spent almost the entire day in airports 
Its 12:30 and STILL warm outside. ARGH! Why is it in the 70s!! Yes, Im gonna whine about the heat. 
it's 12am n i'm leaving the office. too shitty a job for me  did i say i hate audit? even more so now. it's funny how i used to love it.
It's 1AM - and I cant sleep... Why - Cellcom is not going to market the new IPhone!!  Am I gonna get stuck with my old Iphone3G???
It's 1am and I just woke up after falling asleep on the couch. Ergh, now I need to try to get back asleep. Not going to happen I think 
It's 2  I should be sleeping but instead I'm tweeting from bed. One step closer, we could say
Its 2 AM, cnt sleep! Been a LONG...gonna make a even longer MoNdAy  don't wanna go 2 wrk but gotta get tht $$!!
it's 2:10AM. I'm sooooooooo tired. 
its 2:15am and i cant seem to sleep. am a bit down 
it's 2:22am here, I can't sleep 
It's 2:30 am and I can't sleep. Ugh 
It's 2:30am and I can't sleep. I rolled over and woke up  stupid sleep disorder
It's 2:30AM and I'm still up! I have to get up early tomorrow to write a paper, BLAH! 
It's 2:30am, next feeding in 3 hours and I have places to be tomorrow. I need to get to some sleep 
It's 2:57am and I'm wide awake 
it's 23.07pm, What? 23? hua fuck of this but still love 
its 2am and i can't sleep 
it's 2am and I'm still awake. but i guess since I'm sick, it comes with the territory. 
it's 2am n i'm still wide awake!! y can't i ever sleep?? 
It's 3 AM  I'm tired.
Ipod Touch won't be here till Wednesday or Thursday 
Ipod was stolen. So bleek  It meant so much to me and I reckon I already hav enough stress n shit with exams. Dropped my fone 2 Fuuuuuck
ipod, as usual. thinkin. erm bored 
iPod's selection reminds me of 3 summers ago; Casey, My Fiction, playing Warped tour... Now my amp collects junk  http://twitpic.com/7mei5
ipowerweb hosting is still down...even their website is offline...not good 
iProcrastinate: This is by far my #1 character flaw. Gotta session at 11 and I don't want to emerge from my covers. 
Ipswich 3-2 Norwich. Oh dear 
iran  f*ck the dictator.
Iran is Officially out of the World Cup... 
Iranian protects turn deadly http://bit.ly/C60OA 
Iranian revolution surrenders  Mussawi want's to negotiate with the regime. It's a shame,IS THIS TRUE?
Iranian state radio confirms the death of 7 people/protesters 
Iranians en verts- yes I apologize for my Congress, I do not know why they would pass something now. They think they are too important 
Iranians had an election stolen from them and they started peacefully protesting. The Lakers won another championship and 15 people die. 
IRCTC website sucks. While booking tickets, the session expires as soon they debit the amt  This is happening third time for me..
Ireland is back to its old self, rain rain AND more rain!!! 
Iris by Goo Goo Dolls make me cry 
IRL Im Sure My Family Hate Me. I Feel Soo Lonely Right Now 
irl school so i have to go 
IRL sorry have to go  but ill try and come on later. sorry @MeMeMinor @MaryAlice__ @Esme_Cullen23 @LovingBellalynn
Iron &amp; Wine, coupled with the new @jason_mraz blog, seems to be depressing me. how the f am i to work on my script now? 
Iron man v superman. Really hoping the cavs can save themselves and win tonight. Down by 10 in the second 
Ironic that the only thing worse than having to go to work is losing ones job 
ironically I left Fl @ToastedFrenchie 
Ironically, I currently have about 2 grams of faith in myself.  I wrote that post last week.
Ironically, one of David's solo concerts is in Rockford, IL where I grew up.....I really wish I could go to that one too... 
ironing  and sippin this mojito 
Ironing is done. Now I'm just moping about being bored 
Its 3 am and I am wide awake 
its 3 am off to beddy byes i miss him yet we are not even together 
It's 3 am, and I can't sleep. Cause everybody are still having fun out there 
its 3 in the morning and i can't go to sleep. wtf. I ALWAYS SLEEP. 
It's 3 in the morning and I just got into my bed at the hotel . . . breakfast ends at 10:30  http://twitter.com/ebarin/statuses/20521 ...
It's 3 in the morning and school's in less than 4 hours. Why am I still up at this hour? Researching for a fucking General Paper essay. 
Its 3.45am and i cannot sleep. 
Its 3:00 in the morning. Can't sleep. 
Its 3:20 AM.. I just got home and I'm starving   I need to go food shopping!
It's 3:26 a.m. and I'm still awake 
It's 3:30 am and I can't sleep  I'm sad 
It's 3:30 and I still haven't seen a single person.  I am so bored. 
it's 3:50 am and I once again can't sleep 
Its 30th birthday today and its raining  xx We love ya pete x
Its 330 and I'm still up 
It's 35F today and raining and snowing at the same time  This weather is just nuts. Lightning storm yesterday kept me off my computer.
it's 3am and i can not take any more math.  i didnt study that mucccchhh and its been over 10 hours !!! UGGGGHHH bed time 
Its 3am and I can't sleep .. Again. 
Its 3am and i cant sleep. 
Its 3am. Im still on the road. Im coming home. I miss them already. 
Its 4 and I'm laying in bed trying to sleep. Failing miserabley. 
its 4.30 am! I just woke up and Caitlins snoring, im finding it really hard to get back to sleep 
Its 4.30am, sleep timeee. I wanted to watch Gossip Girl but i'm way too tired  Goodnight!
it's 4:11 am and i can't sleep.  sad. 
Its 4:25........ Time for sleep. Im sofa king we totted, i dropped my toothbrush in the toilet 
It's 4:25am.... why am I awake 
it's 4:30am and i cant sleep!!! 
its 4:40 am and im still not sleepy 
Its 430 am and I can't sleep..soo im watching videos of @mileycyrus, I love her nd wish everyone would just be nice.. 
ironing my clothes and listen web radio ShoutedFm...the best black music radio from germany!!! In an hour I must go to work 
Ironing myy 4 work shirts. They are a nightmare to iron!  
Ironing time 
IRRITATED = my mom cooked last night but i wasnt hungry so i saved it for today but my BROTHER ate it 
irritated by the increase in sex spam follows I've been getting. YUCK!  BLOCK BLOCK BLOCK
irritated. not too happy. could REALLY use someone to talk to...  
IRS forced us into personal and business bankruptcy.   Quick Books books pro inventory adjustments a major problems.  Beware!
is   cuz stupid bus takes 25 mins to get to school
is  . Josh Farro doesn't have a twitter account. wtf!
is  at the sad news of Danny La Rue's passing RIP xx
is  feeling a lill ignored  
Is  feeling tired and has a lot of work to do before exams 
is  kc nacorrupt yung mga mp3 q ng arashi yung buong buong yun :'-( http://plurk.com/p/tqx97
is  pissed off and fed up today 
is  that i couldnt go to Bloem!!!
is  Wish there was a backdoor to escape to happy carefree nevernever land. http://plurk.com/p/z05at
is #23andme down? I think my DNA disappeared 
Is #sourceforge offline? 
is #Transformers 2 any good? I have Strep throat and can't go see it 
is (annoyed)  (tears) [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/x9lnu
is (finally) up from blackjack, but only by $50 
is *ugh* what a miserable looking day. 54 degrees. Where did summer go? 
is :\ I need 2 get tickets for the 'stics game on thursday...no luck so far 
is @ a loss for words these days...y do people just up &amp; leave u when u end a relationship where some1 is mutual 
is @ home today w/Josi Lane.  Our sweet girl is not feelin well 
IS @ HOME! YAY! Ipod ran outta battery-  lol
Its 430 and my foot looks like a tomato... Round and yuckie.... 
its 430am and i can't sleep..... 
It's 4am and I am chillin in my bed.....I hv 2 go 2 the bathroom, but don't wnt 2 get up!!! 
Its 4am and I am up I can't sleep, why? Im going to be so tired later 
its 4am and i cant sleep  x
Its 4am pst/7am est and I'm so tired  I Hate airport security at small airports.. They are always doin the most! So bleedin dramatic.. ...
it's 4am... guess where i am? emergancy ward with Paige... dehydration and fever 
It's 4pm &amp; I'm still in bed gotta get up &amp; get the boy something 2 wear  I hate my days off when there is nothing 2 do but stay in bed
its 5 am and i cant sleep  watching season 2 of the hills.. brody and lauren were so friggen cute togetherrrr
It's 5 in the morning this child will not give me a break. I'm sooo tired 
it's 5.30am and i have been woken up by a long distance phone where you have o shout to get heard and someones house alarm going off 
Its 5:10 and can't sleep   to much stuff on my mind
It's 5:19am. I've been up since 4:30am. 
It's 5:23am, I have to work at 9:30am. 
It's 5:30am... this isn't good.  Haha xD
It's 5:31 am in Peru , and i havent finished my HW yet 
it's 5:37 and I can't go back to sleep 
It's 5:40am and I still cannot fall asleep...  ughhh
Its 5:42AM &amp; I'm just now going to bed. When I get in the ISP (Inspirational) Zone, NOTHING can turn my focus. Still...not much got done 
its 5am ive been lying in bed for 4hrs now and still no sleep i have counted sheep and everything... nothing! 
Its 5am! Time to go home.   I haven't even left yet and already I miss chris!  This sucks! On our way to airport.
It's 5am, why am I still awake? 
It's 6 in the morning been awake for awhile  why can't I be snuggle sleeping like JB?
It's 6.20pm - early days in a looooooong night at work 
its 6:30 and no one has called to chill..  oh well, i guess ill just sit here and relax.
is @ River City Brewing Company for the 48 Hour Film Festival Wrap Party. Team Be Squared not a winner this year. 
is @ St Mary's  http://ff.im/-1Ygw9
is @ starbucks, waiting for the poppa, cause my drivers ed teacher messed the times up!  have to wait for 2 hours
is @ the AA Hotel 
is @ the campus-wide bummer conference. 
is @ the dentist   Pray for me
is @ work   Monday.... Monday... Blue Monday!!
is @ work  I miss my fiancee &lt;3
Is @ Work Like Always 
is @ work now 
is @ work. Would love a nap right now. Sooooo sleepy.   
is @ workkkkkk. Straight from GIG  I need to Sleeeeep!
Is @JonathanRKnight tweeting again and I am not getting them  why does twitter hate me?
is @moniibabee sick?? 
is 22 years old 
is 32 no longer 
is 34 weeks today, 3 weeks till full term! Eep! Abi still not well, getting practise for sleepless nights already 
Is 36 dollars too much to pay for a tank top even if I really want it?!  damn u adult responsibilities.
Is 4am, and im officially done studying Biology....well for now 
Is a big idiot who left her phone in new orleans 
Is a bit blotchy from the sun! Oh t shirt marks nice! 
is a bit bummed now  but oh welllllll, KINGS OF LEON TOMORROW 
is a bit confused... how do u know which people on twitter is the REAL celebs? There are so maning fakes     ...... help.....?
Is a bit deflated to know that Softbank probably won't offer tethering with the new iPhone OS...that was all he really wanted!  
is a bit nervous about this meeting 
is a bit of a twitter-thicko 
is a bit tired of this rain=headache thing.  seems to be happening almost every time this year so far.
is a bit upset that they're not doing the night tours of Alcatraz when we're going to be in SF 
Its 6:30 and the im awake and my temp is 99. this fever isnt going down at all. 
it's 6:39am. i should probably sleep. cause today will probably be spent arguing with Damon again 
it's 6:50 am... i woke up 20 mins ago! sleeepppp sleeep sleeppp.. but i cant cause of this pain in my stomach 
its 630 on a sunday morning. i'm up. and punt. 
its 7:20 in the morning. and i have to drive out to reston for my wisdom teeth follow up. its been rescheduled earlier (by them) 3 times. 
It's 7:30.  I have 3 hours of overtime. I want to go home 
It's 710am i'm leaving my baby's  my car and my love  *~Goober Joe~*
It's 8.40 am, and I have already finished my first half hour of work. Don't know how I did it, brain is still half asleep. 
it's 8:06am and i ate all the tostitos.  http://tinyurl.com/l7x7s7
It's 8:25 am ... I wanted to sleep more 
It's 84 degrees outside............In Kos. FAIL. Wish I was there nowwww 
It's 88 outside and heat index of 99, my house is currently at 80, my air condition is broken!!  I'm melting!!
it's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action!
its 9:06 in the morning here (im in england) i look out the curtains its cloudy , not sunny,cold and looks like its gonna rain 
its 9:27 am .. im in my friends house .. we have to work 
It's 9:30 &amp; I'm still at work.  on the bright side- Its too late to eat dinner so I'll have a flat stomach in the morning!
It's 91º out, too hot to go biking 
It's a bad day for cooking Chez Aeth...salmon &amp; scrambled eggs...one of the eggs was cracked and there was cardboard mixed in the salmon. 
It's a bank holiday and it's raining 
its a bazillion degrees outside and I'm stuck in battling with php and iis  everything 'looks' right but iis will not display php pages 
is a Broken Hearted BOY 
is a busy bee. Stuck at home all week editing. I wish this tatt would hurry up and heal so I can venture into the outside world! 
is a Debbie Down today. 
Is a dumb ass.. I just fell off a ladder at work ... Ouch 
is a graduate! i cant believe high school is all over 
Is a horrible employee 
Is a hot hell of a mess. I wish i would have gone to arlington for zeta! 
is a lil pissed off 
Is a lil upset..I want to go to the Lakers game  ..Journalistic Dreams..
is a little bit depro today.. 
is a little bit drunk 
is a little bit upset over news about her grandmother. It's not going so well  Unsure if she'll make it till the end of the summer 
Is a little bored and i need cheering up 
is a little cranky that Steak &amp; Shake doesn't have taco salads any more, especially since that's the only reason he went...  
is a little disappointed the first Australian GPS on the iPhone is $80 
Is a little disappointed.  just thinking.
is a little dissapointed.  cant get IBM Rational Software Modeler to work on Ubuntu.  http://plurk.com/p/rms25
is a little down right now 
Is a little miffed - supplier just confirmed that HTC Snap not due in UK until Aug/Sept  now looking for another alternative.
is a little overwhelmed right now- can't sleep 
Is a little sad that people are leaving.. and is looking unforward to a ridiculously busy summer 
is a little traumatized that the 13th st. capogiro's is closed because the gelato case set itself on fire 
Is a little upset 
is a little upset at the moment 
is a loner kid at Tiende  http://plurk.com/p/13sls0
is a mess &amp; just saw a big spider in my room 
is a mom going back to school!  And watching my GPA drop!!   What's the best way to get your focus back?
Just left the denist. Not feeling so happy 
Just left the dentist  harsh
Just left the doc ugh what a day! Soooo.... i have 2schedule a biopsy next week 
just left the doc.. I've hand foot mouth disease! 
Just left the hotel. Going to ride a boat soon. I'll miss the beach. 
Just left the mall from getting my contacts....thank God I didn't buy anything I was hella tempted to get those Lacoste shorts ugh 
just left the music store 
just left the pool  sooo sad but I've gotta make that $ Off to cater a wedding in belle meade! Catch yall on the flip side!
Just left the Sprint store w/o a Pre  so sad. Damn you Sprint for excluding us SERO users...
Just left work-on my way to the resort! I hate leaving my puppy 
Just let me live my life !!! 
just licked all the glue off that envelope.  i failed
Just like that, It was over.  
Just like the song: oh what a nite, a sweet...! Great times but it will be missed cuz we got to head back home  won't  forget u my palace!
Just listed a few more pieces in Etsy, took too long... no time for chooks to play today 
Just listen avenged sevenfold-seize the day I want flashback my memories 
Just listen ipod  I need a vacation...
just listened 2 probably the worst song by my favorite band i didnt think it was possible its called Superman. its bad bc bill sounds bad 
Just listened to enter shikaris new songs, They made me cry inside  I wish they would write more stuff like this http://tinyurl.com/cju66k
Just listened to Fleetwood Mac the chain, and it got taken off early 
just listened to heregoesnothing and wanted to play tap tap with tomato 
just listened to the whole lvatt album, now for the second time while doing history coursework 
just listening back to some old cuts of mine... :') gota get back in the lab asap..missing that 
Just listening to my iPod missin the crew 
Just listening to the new Simple Minds album on iPod. Good album but not too sure about their version of rockin in the free world 
Just listening to the sound of nothing .... Its nice. Wish I felt better 
Just lit firecrackers outside.. Lmao.. Robert cried  the humidity is not the coolest thing since wonderbread.. &amp; I bought sumthng lik Uggs
Just loaded psycrafter vol.2 on my studio pc and it cant handle the demo track  I NEED A MAC!!!
just loaded the pack up with books and hopped on the elliptical. had to loosen the straps a lot.  good reminder of what I'll be facing.
Just loaned out a set of aerobars to team mate for tomorrow's Texas Cup race at Alkek. Bummed I won't be there. 
Just locked dara out of his own room.  sorry papa lop! oops!
just locked herself out  god, do i hate calling the lock&amp;key service ... i seem to being doing that a lot lately *sigh*
just logged in after playing drake's fortune all day. i'm hooked  http://plurk.com/p/xhjsz
Just Logged off SWG for the night. missing my Man, he had to work overtime tonight 
Just logging back into Twitter after a little hiatus. Our company disabled our access from work.  I'm still here though!
Just look @ this hellacious desk...good grief  http://short.to/cevd
just looked  on amazon. it said @mitchelmusso 's album won't be arriving until june 5th!     SOBS
Just looked at all the photos I've taken over the past two days, will post later. Wish it hadn't rain yesterday for our works outing 
just looked at bus tickets to possibly see the sam bradley show thursday... it costs more than gas!  no @laygum or @pennylucky for me 
Just looked at me @replies and i never saw some of ur replies so if i ever didn't tweet u back i'm sorry 
just looked at pictures and videos from Alaska and cried. I miss AK and everyone I met alot! I can't believe it's already been 2 years. 
ITS A BEAUTIFUL DAY BUT IM STUCK AT WORK HOT AS FUCK  OH WHAT A JOY IT IS TO BE ME
its a beautiful day in the city, wish I could enjoy instead of bein stuck at work 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, unfortunately, I'm at work! 
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood...and i'm stuck inside writing a paper 
Its a beautiful day today...Wish I had a special someone to share it with..  
It's a beautiful day... but I've spent most of it catching up on work. BOO 
It's a beautiful evening. If only my sweetheart were here to share it with me 
It's a beautiful Saturday and I'm stuck in a dark room. 
Its a beautyful day my friends...and theres none to do man...still gotta finish dat mothaf*in book....... 
Just looked at some production numbers for my company.  Tankety-tankety-tank! 
just looked at Squeege (the cat) and realised she's showing her age now...  
just looked at the gorgeous Wedding pics of my good friend's Ebony &amp; Andrew. Some shots here http://bit.ly/tu6OB but non of them sadly 
Just looked at the temperature...still no Maymont. After all the hype I still only got pix from the internet of it 
Just looked at the updated weather forecast - Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday consist of ALL RAIN 
Just looked up movie times. Dance flick and ghost of girlfriends past aren't playing at eastgate. 
Just looking at my future. . i want to go home.. now! 
just lost 3 nil to adi in the office at pool, i'm now ranked 7th  
Just lost a follower 
Just lost a staring contest with my grandmas cat 
just lost a very dear frend 
Just lost all my contacts in my Blackberry  If you have the number text me with name and your pin
just lost all my files into my comp. 
just lost all rounds of every board game we played...except Connect Four  sad.
just lost an ebay auction. screw you, bidder 6! 
just lost at bingo again  I forgot my lucky bracelet http://bit.ly/qW6Ei
Just lost at poker   GHOST ADVENTURES!!!!!!!
just lost cause i spelled trek wrong..... 
just lost epicly at trimonino's. it probably was also because i was scoring and mum wouldnt let me use a calculator... 
Just lost every game I played, I quit 
just lost her brother 
Just lost huge pot when loosest player went all in on 9 high flop with JT against my TT. Catches J on river. 
Just lost in the semis  super tired. It was a really close game tho, now i gotta rest for tomorrow's event
Just lost in trouble 
Just lost Internet.  And I was in a raid for 25 OS. 
Just lost my brickbreaker game   I'd been playing for weeks... 360000+ points... down the drain.... time to start over I guess.
Just lost my glasses somewhere in the train, bus or at the inline hockey field 
just lost my mobile... 
Just Lost My Phone 
Just lost my singles 
Just lost my two favourite people at work to Alex Hills...   even better i have graphics to do D:
Just lost my wallet at sharks! 
just lost out on a Cisco 7940 on ebay .... sad 
Just lost power. Again. 
Just lost the game thanks to @katofawesome. 
just lost the last hour of work when OO crashed, despite constant saving and doc recovery. first time this happened in OO. 
Just lost the WNCI signal 
just lost to st mirren in the scottish cup 5th round  leonnie thing about the snake made me lol
Just lost with A/Q hit the straight ran up agianst quad jacks   lost 80 in that hand fawk
just lounging around til lifeguarding. not excited. I wanna see lindi. 
is a recovering TRAINER addict!!! They Say the first few days is the Hardest! 
Is a red lobster b/c she went on the breakwater yesterday and forgot the sunscreen. 
is a running failure again. Joey kept him up WAY late. 
is a sad  asian boy living in a somewhat happy asian community haha. 3 down 3 to go!
Is a sad girrrrl because Elvis can't sleep in her bed now.  And I can't have coffee with Rock. /Cry!
is a sadddd little ponyyyyy 
Is a Saturday night lame-o! 
is a scarecrow today 
is a stupid girl with Low Low Low IQ 
Is a tad bit disappointed with the New Moon trailer. 
is a twitter loner!!! 
is a unemployed graduate end bloody bored outta ma mind!  x
is abit confussed ..x..   
Is about to be rockin a single girls swag. So much for that whole anniversary I love you thing... 
is about to cancel his trip to the Hillsong Conference......  But hey...I will get a lot of money back...maybe next year!
is about to cry which is somethin I never do....i wish I could see my lil relli..but I'm sick..ugh 
is about to cry!!...Come on Nada!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is about to cut my phone off.. That's the only way imma get some sleep 
Is about to delete my twitter account. I'm not seein the fun in it. I hardly have any followers n no one hardly ever responds to me. 
is about to do her maths homework. ugrh... 
is about to do her three weeks worth of ironing she has been putting off 
is about to do some more chemistry 
is about to dose off at central, even with a stabbing. So tired! 
Is about to fall asleep at the wheel(s)  
Is about to fall over at work. Couldn't sleep because I felt like crap. I don't think I fell asleep til 430 almost 5. 
just love it when tornadoes are on the way and the kids are sleeping peacefully 
just lying on the couch. I have a really bad headache 
Just mad cause it was Leilani last night at work..... 
Just made a HUGE mess in the kitchen.  It's obvioulsy time to go to bed but man.....I just aint ready to lay down yet. LOL!
Just made a new account...  I don't want to go to school !! WAAAAAAAAAAAH ! 
just made a new myspace, old one deleted it's self  so add my new one! www.myspace.com/shelbybarrow
Just made a new twitter page, and have no friends so im feeling rather lonely  ahh well i'll get over it in like 10 seconds...yup over it!
just made a shameless ad for my twitter page on you tube....my momma raised a whore 
just made a twitter- confused! 
Is about to get my lunch...... Still haven't finished my grant 
is about to get ready for work...sound like the story of my life  lol.... HE'S ABLE!!!
Is about to give up hope on ever having a relationship with her dad, which makes her really sad 
Is about to go bed got work in the morning  finished my exams woo!
Is about to go to bed, gotta get up at 7!!  g'night!
is about to go to foodlion with my mom then back home to clean...cant see mikey allday both really bussy  i hate days like this
Is about to go to work.  have fun at vbs lauryn.
is about to have a bye-bye dinner with my roommates   It's been fun, boys ...
Is about to have a hot bath  and then get ready for work 
is about to head home after no one came to his presentation on backing up files 
is about to kill off one of her favourite characters. Dawww 
Is about to leave her house... 
Is about to leave notsodry wycombe  - been one crazy wicked trip. Leaving an amazing era behind. Well done cast and crew of Flashdance
is about to leave to work on the show &quot;Monk&quot;. Also worried about his sick cat.  Hope he gets better.
Is about to leave!!!! 
Is about to miss the start of the race for breeze blocks! Breeze blocks, not even a coffee 
is about to pack his stuff to come back home. Probably won't be online that much for a while once I get back home  #fb
it's a bit cold 
ITS A BIT WET 2DAY 
It's a bloody cold office, my knees r aching!!!  #fb
Its a booooooring Sunday 
It's a boy!  hopefully it shrinks into a tiny clit and vag when he starts getting bigger.. lOl jk
It's a brand new day. Should I celebrate? 
Its a cloudy day.  I was so hoping that it would be sunny too. 
Its a cold and frosty morning .. 46 in the Merrimack valley, and mid June, sunshine today, raining the next week.. 
its a crime to be working in this weather 
Its a crime when you can't find your fishnet stockings. 
It's a curly hair day today... I must say i'm not lovin it so much.  maybe it's because i got ready in a hurry and there's a lil bit o ...
it's a damn cold nght.. n trying to figure out this life  take me somewhr new, i need somethin new, ASAP!! (gosh, what am i talkin' about)
It's a depressing thing when chocolate doesn't sit right with ya. 
It's a disaster in Detroit tonight  Hoping for a 4 goal onslaught for the Pens..
it's a fairy wing bust lamp. 
It's a fine day!! but, I will stay at home all the day....I can't finish writing mail to my friends in English quickly 
Its a Friday night, its 8.15pm....and I'm ready for bed already  ........ GAHH thats terrible  haha lovelove x &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
It's a fucking day for workkkkkkkkkkkk.  bugger it.
It's a good day, because it's Friday. I have to go to buy a book for my sister-in-law. 
is about to revise 
Is about to say goodbye to ben and emily. 
Is about to see Adriana off for a month 
Is about to set off fo the Welsh Hills. Weather looks bleak tho'. 
is about to start work has alot to do and not really that much time to do it in 
is about to start work... It's a gorgeous day today in Stockholm! Too bad I can't go out for a walk instead 
is about to take the SAT 
is about to take this LLLLLOOOONNNNNGGGGG TBAC test 
is about to visit the dentist... 
is about to wake up, do laundry and pack up to return to the car til next weekend. looks like i aint getting a room for a long time. 
is about to watch closer. reffing tomorrow morning 
Is About To watch Princess Protection Plan ,, Im So Sad  Love You George And Miss You 
is about to withdraw all his investment  Desperate time calls for desperate measure. No choice. http://plurk.com/p/yh22y
is about to write two English Literature essays which I was supposed to do yesterday 
is absolutely desperate for a flat but can't quite afford one 
Is absolutely disappointed and pissed both at the same time at all the gamers at the E3 justin.tv streams bashing social media &amp; web 2.0 
is absolutely gutted everyone has gone  but show went well AND I should be back in Shetland in 3 weeks!!!!    
is absolutely gutted thats shes got two tickets for ne-yo and cant afford to buy them =[ majorly gutted here 
Is absolutely knackered!! I would of slept like a log if my other half hadn't moaned that HE couldn't sleep all night! Bad times! 
is absolutely starving. But too sick to eat anything  bleck.
is absolutly shattered! Transformers 2 btw is a lot better then the first one! But still something about it so childish 
is aching all over... 
is aching, pulled a neck muscle mowing the lawns today  
is actaully sad @ddlovato isn't coming to toronto on her tour, and there for didn't vote for her for the music tour category... 
It's a good thing I can touch my toes. I can barely bend my leg to put a sock and shoe on my left foot.  
It's a good thing that I can do twitter on this phone. My phone is still broken. 
Its a goooood weather to slp in. how i wish i'm in bed 
Its a gorgeous day and I'm going to work allll day  Just gotta keep telling myself its for NYC!!
It's a gorgeous Sunday, and I'm at work 
It's a great morning for a run. Too bad my foot still hurts. 
Its a habit - waking up at 11 am 
It's a little bit sad how much I'm looking forward to the BGT final tonight. Even though we all know Susan Boyle will win  
it's a little disheartening when you realize that a sweet riff you came across sounds very similar to an already existing song 
Its a little warm in here 
It's a long walk home 
It's a lovely day out there, and i'm stuck inside 
Its a madhouse out here. They said that's the 4th fight already tonight...outside the club...lol. Fire Marshall just walked up 
its a mess 
its a miserable day !!! 
it's a miserable, rainy day. enough is enough 
Its a nasty day in 773 
Its a never ending pain 
It's a new day, a new week, and the work - oh the work! 
It's a nice day for once and Chibi and I are stuck at home waiting for a parcel 
is actualli so depressed bout missin bgt final cos of work 
is actually going mental being stuck in on her own 
is actually going to miss wallyworld  esspecially merdina, thankyou love for making my sift hillarious.
Is Actually Missing Doing Dramam 
is actually really sad right now.  there only in Cali for like 3 mire hourss.
Is actually starving, but can't physically swallow  Blurgh. Managed two crumpets...took over 30 mins 
is actually the skintest person on the planet 
is addicted to Glee's version of Don't Stop Believin'! Makes me miss my choir days 
is addicted to happy farm  can't concentrate at work
is addicted to iFighter... jadi krg tidur  http://plurk.com/p/11q23m
is addicted to tf2 again 
is addicted to The Hills! I don't want LC to leave 
is afk, enjoying this week-end with the bf because he's leaving next saturday 
is afraid bejeweled and tetris are going to be blocked next week 
is afraid of indifference.  http://plurk.com/p/12f9sq
is afraid she won't be paid for the work she did today 
is afraid there may be a dental visit coming soon. 
is afraid. 
is all achey 
is all aching from the run  ...now to revise &gt;.&lt;
is all alone in the office  http://plurk.com/p/z117n
is all packed ready to see her babies but not ready to leave her hubz behind 
I's all the way home. Hungry. Tired, got kitties food, afraid to see if they don't like it. 
is allergic to any jewellery but white gold, I now have a rash on my neck from wearing a topshop necklace boohoo  why me
its a nice day, why do i have to go to work!! 
It's a nice sunny day out and I will be spending it inside listening to a  crappy Nick &amp; Simon concert  ..atleast I'm getting paid!
Its a pain for client to manage transition of work from one vendor to another. Pain for the vendors too! I am part of one vendor 
It's a perfectly sunny day! For studying 
It's a pity that I have to school again..the holidays were too short...mhhh 
It's a pity that the actors of PF put no more videos on Comuu  
its a powrcut here  lappy battery clung at 19% and am sweating profusely:|
it's a problem when my #gtd weekly review takes more than a week to do, like a daily backup that takes 25 hours 
its a public holiday and im at work 
It's a rainy day in PA  !
It's a rainy day in the Bahamas.  Trying to register for my Masters courses.
It's a real thunderstorm out there! Poor @flams is walking to work in this  &amp; why am I up at 6:30 on a Sunday!!!!
its a really nice day and im sittin at work 
It's a sad day for Birminghams Rainbow music venue...   http://bit.ly/9cJoQ
its a sad day for ps3 
Its a sad day in American history... Steve Wiebe wasnt able to retake his crown as worlds best DK player 
It's a sad day in American Television....Nip Tuck is being cancelled 
It's a sad day today...A bear friend died due to DEC stupidity 
It's a sad day when MTV2 plays more innovative music than Kerrang  Damnit Virgin, give us Scuzz!
It's a sad day, found the first scratch on my car. 
its a sad day.  missing my mom 
It's a sad time for music. Virgin Megastore in SF is closed  http://twitpic.com/7yeeh
is allergic to DC!!! Ugh - can she please get some type of reprieve?!?!?! Allergies never existed in her world until she hit the city 
is allowed any sex until her boyfs cock piercing heals!!! Gutted! 
is almost done packing. has found the cheque book icici issued when he opened his account 2 years ago. no luck with the transcript 
is almost done with all this college work!!!!!! for this year 
is almost done with the 2nd harry potter book but can't find my copy of the 3rd 
is almost finished work for the day but its just started raining 
is almost up to date! being 8 weeks behind isnt fun 
is alone at TOOK Lea Dee...Ble is changed his mind in a last minute... 
is already back in coventry 
is already dreading going back to work on tuesday 
Is already having to hold back tears thinking abt all the beautiful we will b leaving behind when we leave Sydney 
is already home. i feel  (sick)! ahuhu!   hassle ang rain.(angry)(lol) http://plurk.com/p/11kjoz
Is already missing Vegas and I'm still here! I don't wanna go home!!!  Bye Vegas!
Is already packing for sunday 
is already sleepy! had a good time at montana's for Cody's 23rd bday, me and the broken ankle had to leave early 
is already up to her neck in wedding planning and we still have a year to go!  Also, I have never been @ 
is also disappointed that the celtics lost 
Is also in history 
is also revisin 
is always feeling like this. 
is always hungry! 
is always sad to see her sweetheart leave 
is always tired  http://plurk.com/p/11mfb8
is always worried that Helen is going to stop loving me 
Is amazed at seeing a cat without a tail! Lol! Aww I tried to stroke it but it ran away from me  x
is amazed that a &quot;short&quot; pant length is still too long for me to wear with my chucks 
It's a shame I'm having that awesome dinner by myself.  Grrr...
Its a shame we don't have much to choose from now esp in NYC 
Its a shame when people have to delete their twitter for foolishness..Missing @MrCorporateUSA 
its a sunny day in Lancaster, and i want to wear my flipflops... means i have to paint my toenails  too much effort!
It's a super pretty day 
its a sweltering 75% humidity here with temps at 84 and climbing  what a bummer.. Plus i have to go to work later.  it just sucks
Its a trial download. 2 more days to use! 
it's a very dull day today in the Miyayo.  It's been raining non stop ! ughh I hate hurricane season.
Its a very rainy night in Florence..and pretty cold..is summer gone away  ? HOPE NOT!!!
its a very warm day  me no likie the heat
Its a wee bit upsettin watchin people making their couple of months old wanes get their ears gunned. 
It's a wet morning in Northampton! 
It's a work period, but I've done all my work already. I have to just sit here all period 
Its a wrap for Orlando, aint no way they gon win playin like this 
It's a wrap y'all... 
ITS A WRAP. DIDNT DRINK  OR GO OUT TONITE  ITS LEIRY'S FAULT!!!!
Its about time for the last friday of school to be here! Im.... Sadly in english 
It's about time to leave Singapore.... there goes my housekeeper!  
It's about to rain 
its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile
Its absolutely GORGEOUS outside and I'm stuck in the house with a migraine 
is amused by all the tweets from @Jason_Manford to her friends... she thought she was special 
is amused that twitter isn't blocked from work - Facebook is now!  
is an any trouble  shit!
Is an insomniac tonight! Just cannot fall asleep 
I's an upset tummy, Mommy says no walk today. 
Is angry as some idiot scratched her car a week after i hit the pillar   but on the up side is doing a skydive for charityyyy
is angry at the pollen! 
is angry for accidentally deleting all her photos from her Mac (yep all the ones I just transfered) 
Is Angry. Grrr. Cleo Bit me today.  Hangouts at Noon. Party at the Docks apparently Tonight.  Then Back Home for some Halo. 
Is angry.. for wasting my time on him 
Is annoyed about his cheques 
is annoyed about hwat happened today with sophie but maybe it is just for the best you never know it might be fate or destiny i dont know 
is annoyed at bebo....once again 
Is annoyed at people inflating bids on ebay- argh!!! If the price on this thing goes anny higher i'll have to quit 
is annoyed at the power outage at my house 
is annoyed his little nephew destroyed his wig for the party 
is annoyed ill + rain = ruined destressing photoshoot plans 
is annoyed she can't eat any more of her dinner 
is annoyed that Cincy is a Delta hub. I can never get good fares. 
Is annoyed that he won't be able to jailbreak the 3.0 iPod touch firmware. Should I upgrade or keep jailbroken? 
is annoyed that i cant go to the secret garden party!! bubblewrap popping sounded fun  x
Is annoyed that its like 4 o'clock when it feels like its 12!!!! 
Is annoyed that Luke Goss didnt win an award at MTV 
is annoyed that she has to go in for scienceee today  Why couldnt the science exam be over aleady, so i could enjoy 3months off 
is annoyed that the murderous villain Diego got out and is killing chipmunks and bringing them to me.  Will his ruthless killing ever end?
Is annoyed that there isn't a topshop in Corby. Not that I could find anyway 
is annoyed that whenever I get updates from Sprinkles I'm never in Dallas to use them.   
is annoyed the IPL live stream does not work in the UK #ipl 
is annoyed the sims wont work 
is annoyed to learn that someone else is on Twitter with my name  no worries they aren't a fake me,  its just they have my name!
Is annoyed with LA news stations to burying the video of the McCain/Whitman event in the middle of a bunch of non-stories.  Boo.  
It's actually sunny!! :O Yay! I don't wanna go back to school tomorrow!!!! 
its after 2am and i cant sleep  no more mountain dew for me in the afternoons
Its Alex's Birthday, but I think she's sick  I dunno what Im doing today
Its all about PAX though, wtb ticket plz 
Its all about the Motrin. I need to go sleep/nap. Where are you Boo Boo 
It's all cloudy  Wait! Can I see the sun? YESYES! The sun is shining!
It's all coming back to me now...  http://plurk.com/p/11x024
It's all gone a bit Pete at Fratton Park  #Pompey
It's all gone horribly wrong - the lycra hood we bought for my friend's white pony has turned it purple!! On show day too!    arghhhhhhhh
it's all gone. it's all gone! 
it's all just become real. Newcastle have lost SkyText page 259; are now in The Championship section. 
It's all my fault!!! 
its all my fucking folt sorry everyone 
It's all over.......it's so depressing, had THE BEST TIME IN MY LIFE and that is no lie     (
it's all right, ok, i'ts so much better witout you ! 
It's all starting again. 
Its almost 10 i wanna make spageti  but mommys ganna get mad  im HUNGRY!
it's almost 11. not tired at all. so bored tho.. 
It's almost 11pm and I still have a few things to do 
it's almost 12:30AM and i'm already getting tired!!  what is this?!
Its almost 3 am and I'm wide awake 
is annoyed with psychobio! I'm not getting any psycho! It's all complicated, confusing, annoying bio 
is annoyed... never taking exedrine migraine b4 bed again! PITS! 
is annyed with the construction site... too loud and too annoying to work... will have too... and milk is almost done... 
is another storm tonight really needed? 
is antsy.....want to do something go somewhere.... anything.....bored and can't sit still....I hate this feeling!!!  
Is any one awake still im lonely 
Is any1 out there awake @ dis hour? I cnt sleep 
Is anybody around Evbank and Lomas? I would seriously kill for some chap stick. . . I can't believe I forgot mine 
Is anybody else feeling like TV land is empty without #Lost to look forward to? Kinda depressing to come back and remember that. 
Is anybody out there missing there best friend....I reallly really REALLY miss mine!!!!  
IS anyone a DR.? I need to interview one today &amp; docs are hard to find on Sundays 
Is anyone else afraid of the dark? I get scared at nighttime. 
is anyone else annoyed with job centres? 
Is anyone else getting an error when they try to install the #tweetdeck update?  Also, my replies section keeps loaded ones I've cleared.
Is anyone else having problems following and unfollowing peeps? For me this has gone on for over a week! 
Is anyone else just sad right now? I really need a vacation! 
Is anyone else watching You've Got Mail right now? Rockstar. I need the pickup. It's one hit after another for my ppl the last couple wks 
is anyone else's twitpic not posting their updates when they upload a picture? HELP 
is anyone elses yahoo not working? 
is anyone even awake at this time? i bet i'm alone 
is anyone going to Taste of Clayton or Webster Art &amp; Air this weekend? I want to go, but my golf pro bf has to work 
Is anyone on 3.0 yet? Any problems? I have to wait on a ultrasn0w... Bummer 
Is ANYONE on here!!!  ) :
Is anyone up??? Great can't sleep 
Is anyone's Facebook acting weird or taking forever to load? Everything else is working fine on my laptop except my FB  since yesterday!!
It's almost 4, and I haven't accomplished anything...darn bob evans for stealing my gf. 
It's almost 4:30am and I am already awake  screwed up body clock!
It's almost 5 AM. Why do I do this to myself? I am in so much pain I can't stand it. The price I pay for doing fun stuff. 
It's almost 5am &amp; i'm still wide awake  &amp; i'm out of Ambien too. Why is it not possible for me to ever get on a routine sleep pattern?
Its Almost Been A Week Since She Said Goodbye But It Still Feels Like It Just Happen.... I Miss Her 
it's almost evening and i haven't got your message, where are you? 
it's almost june and i'm bundled up because of this nasty ass weather! i just want to lay in the sun on the patio near the roses 
its almost over 
It's almost over 
It's almost the official end of 12F... that's so sad 
its almost the weekend!!!!!! do you knwo what that means???? CAPCOM VS MARVEL 2 COMES OUT IN 4 DAYS! weeeeeeee....im a nerd 
it's almost time for bed. i wish i could have gotten more work done 
Its almost time for the last show of the tour 
It's Almost Time to Go ... Just One More Week  ... I'm Scared ... It's Been Like This For Awhile Now ... June/26 Is When I Turn 17 That's
its almost to hot to function outside 
it's already 10pm and he's not even back yet!!!!! grrrrrr.. miss him badly. 
its already 5 in the morning and I still can't sleep 
Its already 5 now, It was so fast. Didn't noticed that while working 
it's already 7:42am? &amp; I still feel like I haven't accomplished anything yet! 
Its already a crappy day and its only seven in the morning 
its already a crappy day, n it has barely started yet 
it's already darkish outside &amp; I feel like doing something fun, not work 
It's already one o clock 
It's already Thursday! I don't want to leave Berkeley so soon...2 more days. 
Its alright.  I prolly shouldn't go anyways 
it's also driving me nuts that the end of that last sentence doesn't have a period, but i didn't have enough characters to include it. 
it's also lunch time and i dont wanna eat left overs for the nTH time this week!! LOL but im lazy to cook 
It's always {HAVE} &amp;&amp; never {HOLD}, because he's begun to feel like home... 
just made an animal sacrifice to the road gods. Poor armadillo 
just made an appointment with the Genius Bar, need to take my iBook to the doc 
Just made an attempt to suck up the pain and make it to church anyway. Attempt failed miserably...I need to go lay back down. 
just made an eye doctor appointment all by himself...HELP! I am growing up! 
just made cakes  i hate the smell of hairspray 
Just made guacamole &amp; carribean style marinade for grilled wings 2 take 2 goodbye cookout w/ Dream Team for our Sara going into Marines 
just made her own Cookie Dough Icecream...gaah i miss Ben and Jerrys  damn Aus for not getting it yet
Just made it home finally. I hate the drive from Reno to here. 
Just made it home to the T! I better be getting these braces off my dentist be playing games with me!  We'll see though.....
Just made it to Evansville. The Freedom Festival is not free  but i got a sandwich at Lic's. Life is better.
Just made it to work, i want to go home  Lol
Just made japanese food, but forgot to take pictures 
Just made mom put on Miss Congeniality. I can't take a sad movie right now. I'm already distressed 
Just made Mum a nice french toast breakie.  Now deciding what to do with the rest of the day.  It's suppose to rain 
Just made my belly button bleed  these things take forever to heal
its always a desert outside 
It's always hard to say goodbye to rent   http://twitpic.com/4dyj1
Its always raining in Philadelphia  Where is the sun??!
It's always something: need a new starter. 
It's always the nannaberry that holds everything up 
It's always the old ladies that comment on my red hair, never the young ones!! 
it's always the same 
it's always times like these when i think of you, and i wonder if you ever think of me.   #mcflytoaustralia #votemcfly
It's amazing how fast my netbook now running ubuntu (for netbook) boots up. I can't say the same for when it ran win7 
It's amazing how fast u can go from a good mood to a bad one 
Its amazing how much i suck at gears of war 2 
It's amazing how much my brain cannot function when the hoover is on!!! argh making so many cock ups. 
It's amazing how much this song reminds me of Toma 
Its amazing how such and independant person could become so dependent on another, and still be thrown to the side.  
its amazing how wrong you can be about someone... 
It's amazing that 90% of the Patrick Dempsey tweets are about his spin out in practice, not their top ten finish at Le Mans. 
It's an 8 hour drive including a tine change.. It's gonna be a long one!! Ugh.. 
It's an absolute necessity that I grab coffee. I should be with @13rossi13 drinking NE coffee though 
Its an ugly day, omw 2 work 
Its an undeniable truth.  I suck at talking to people.  No good at making a connection.  i come off as either strange or distant 
its annoyed he left his PKI book at work 
is apparently looking for a new bridesmaid.. 15 weeks b4 my wedding 
is apprehensive - the day may arrive when we may have to vacate in favour of the College of Towl &amp; Richardson. SAY IT AINT SO! 
is around ... listening music and I am a little sad because tomorrow will start the exams  I am so fucking tired of school ...
is around, game, then work. Has to miss Rock for Darfur ORHS. 
is arting 
is as angry as fuck with a certain &quot;registered training organisation&quot;!!! 
is ashamed  to admit she is now addicted 2 mchef 
is ashamed of Yorkshire giving the BNP an MEP 
is asking for forgivness, and feels distant from his Father. I'm sorry. 
is asking Michaeljohns why he is looking at me funny? hmmmmmmm.I don't think he likes his name 
is at 345 Park today 
is at a dangerous piont in her life 
Is at a stand still on the a19 
Is at cafe madrid at open mic night.. I was gonna take pix, but I'm not feeling the atmosphere..or the fungshway.. Lol  
is at campus..waiting for next class...BPI  without my love again  http://plurk.com/p/10zxxu
is at Centennial, bout to BOMB these SATs! 
Is at colege nd has nuthin 2 do  BORED
is at college 
is at college and is bored and really hungry 
is at college bored 
is at college for 3 more hours yet 
it's annoying that they decided to go watch a movie after they dropped me home...  i hate my parents...
it's annoying when you decide to buy a band's back catalogue only to discover they've made about 50 albums!st00pid prolific Foo Fighters 
it's another day of emptiness 
its another dry day  where's my dealer when I need him the most... oh shit he's calling fuck yeah! pzpzpzpz
It's another rainy day in St. Louis   Can someone send sunshine this way? Pretty please with sugar on top?
Its another sunny morning and m waiting for this damn gym to open 
It's appalling how YouTube has suspended accounts for ambiguous, arbitrary rules. I am sick of it. Latest victim: The Amazing Atheist. 
Its apparently bad music day on every radio station! I miss my ipod 
it's april, it shouldn't be snowing anymore 
its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep  but i try it
Its at times like this I really miss my Gran, I would of phoned her just to say Hello and it upsets me so much that I can't. 
It's austin's last day of kindergarten! My baby is growing up 
It's back to the real world 
It's back to work Monday 
It's bad that I'm now listening to Katherine Jenkins just because of her boobs.  Lesbatron, I am one.
its bad that the same actor that played Selena's killer can't be in any other show/movie cuz ill think she's evil 
it's bad weatehr again  and even my borsalino doesn't make me warm enough to wear my jeans shorts, and i was so looking forward to them
its bad when i get left alone like this with nothing to do; i always get in this depressing mood &amp; start reminiscing. 
It's barely 3a.m.... I'm lonely.     ::Shakes fists at sky:: *Send me someone who likes Jon and Kate!!*
Its be a highly pleasant bank holiday weekend. I dont want to go to work 2morow  Ho hum x
Its beautiful out..and im not doing shit 
It's beautiful outside and I'm going to spend my day cleaning  Oh well it needs to be done
It's beautiful outside and I'm stuck in here working 
It's beautiful outside, and I have to go to work...  Hope it's a good day!
is at CU, but Prof Ng is not.  http://plurk.com/p/rn6n5
Is at Gerry's Grill. Touch will be lowbatt na 
is at her brothers parent orientation and i'm realizing that his school is cooler then mine  who knew. Hu step it up!
is at her Dads and has made a new acocunt on Twitter lol...Sun has gone in 
is at her last day of art therapy internship 
is at home and is very sad. Had to say bye to my homie. Again. 
Is at home being bored ass hell . Sucks being home alone &amp;;+  without Jarred  ;;  watching ( Runs House ]
Is at home bored n lonely. missin my lil monster 
is at home chillin out. hate it wen it rains   x
Is at home doing nothing on his first day of holidays  ah well
is at home drinking coffee and wishing Marshall didn't have summer school!! 
Is at home feeling sick 
is at home now! Hoping no more storms come so she can sleep, but I think I hear one coming 
is at home on a late Friday night with no one to hangout with  I feel so bored
Is at home once again.. And still ill  Friends are not something i have at the moment due to me being betrayed.. never mind life goes on.
is at home prepping for a day of mixing and nursing a sick ferret. Little Rochester. 
Is at home safe, and watchin the news. So sad 
is at home today...not very well again 
is at home very ill 
is at home watching Twilight - boring! oo and i am missing Asa looads 
is at home with a very sick lil boy 
is at home with two sick girls   I hate when my kids are sick, I feel so bad for them
Its Beautiful weather, so sunny and warm  its too be warm again tomorrow woohoo pity im working 
It's become apparent I've become a bad Twitterer. I've had like 5 updates in the past week. Sorry all. I'm not worthy to be followed. 
Its bed time  i want to stay up and giggle at nothing but cameron and chelsea and gettin in a bit of a :/ mood lol i think myspace and ...
It's bedtime. Gotta do a lot of cleaning and laundry tomorrow. I can't believe I start work on Tuesday. 
it's been 12 hours now and my 3gS still isn't activated 
It's been 2 days without gas...the gas company turned it off to do maintenance. I can't cook. 
Its been 2 years since maranda died. I still miss her 
It's been 24 hrs. My imagination is getting the best of me. Please call or get online, Love 
its been 3 hrs at home and I'm currently wondering how the hell I'm going to last 2 weeks with these people.... I don't miss this at ALL 
It's been 3 weeks since she's been gone 
its been 9 months and 12 days. OMG!! i may cry for like an hour...  &lt;/3
its been a bad day 
It's been a bad day 
its been a few hrs and we got the power back and all the ice cream melted already... god speed  lol
it's been a full month since iLead ended. 
It's been a fun and unexpected day 2day. Good nite all  u twitted kids.. &amp; Monday begins again 
It's been a great day... God is too good. 
It's been a long day! Wanted to go to gym, but am so sore from last 2 days. I'm also tired and need to get up early!    Tomorrow's Friday!
Its been a long day, tired, but still have a bit of work to do 
Just made my flight to Dallas. I was hoping for an empty seat next to me but it's not happening. 
just made my new twitter account, but i've got no friends yet... 
Just made my tummy happy yup yup! The sounds of fuse is rocking my brain! Don't like the rain very much  fish don't stink underwater.
just made myself chocolate rice krispies...feeling sorry for myself cause of stupid tom.. 
just made pizza!!!!!!! now i have 2 clear up 
just made pop corn. but burnt my finger 
Just made some homemade fried pickles! They don't make them in Sarasota, FL 
just made sum mashed potatoes and chicken strips...bangin!!!....and icin my ankle 
just made the biggest mistake of my life today. I'm going to cry 
just made the juiciest tri tip ever!! with garlic red potatoes, rice, and corn on the cob... darn... i forgot the cornbread  ARRG
Just made this account to test of the http://herebeforeoprah.com site checks account creation date. It does not 
Just made those no-bake cookies again! Might have put too much salt in this time though 
Just madee dinner. Homee all dayy today blah. Picnic tomorrow with some mad awesome peoplee .. I Loveee Himmm... ♥♥♥♥♥ Blahh.. I miss em 
Just managed to get next Saturday off...then I'll be off for a week xD Need to work til 5 tomorrow though 
Just managed to nearly knock myself out by banging my head on a drawer 
Just mangled a frog whilst mowing the lawn. Urgh! 
is at home, doing assignments; yet again 
is at home, doing science coursework  but will be worth it if i win the money 
Is at home, it's to cold to be outside today 
is at home, packing up to go back to school. Last week 
is at home, sick... 
is at home... doctors appointment at 430... if I have whooping cough you are all going to cop it 
is at home...sleeping. Left work early..urgh I think its another kidney infection 
is at home...with no one to play with 
is at home..yet again on a Friday night. I need a social life 
is at HSC laying on the sofa in Jay's office. I feel like crap. 
is at Jocelyn's til Sunday sometime...watching movies all day today because it is raining! 
Is at Kinko's straight flippin' copies... 
is at Knott's with the kids but not Roland Sr.  He's still recovering from yesterday.  
is at lockdown at the studio 
Is at mums work. wants to be home; 
Is at my house while he's out having fun. 
Is at my sisters pad for her baby shower..wanted to hang out with AM..but noooo 
is at Phakisa, spectating rather than racing though.  #fb
is at school again and i am still grounded form the computer at home i dont know why but i was for 4 months now 
Is at school and has ACT on Wensday. 
is at school in media sooo bored  whats everyone up to ?&lt;3 14 days till my birthday 15 at last 29th June  any1 elses bday that day? luv
Just me and my theraflu 
Just me and the cat.  I'm all stopped up.  Head colds suck 
JUST ME AND THESE FOUR WALLS AGAIN la la la la la..................... screams! i dont like thunder! 
Just mega broke my glasses again.  God dammit 
just met andrew g on his way out of the wickham. such a nice guy, awwww im in love... he is too short for me tho, it would never work 
just met mamat 10 minutes ago only about 10 second,haven't met him in 2 days 
Just met seth meyers! no JT though 
Just met tyler the drummer from the dangerous summer...makes me wish my tyler was here 
Just met up with @devilsleftnut @dennismons @philomenexxx, cuz they were on the same train. But they're going to Sonisphere, I'm not! 
just microwaved some beefaroni. I feel nauseous just typing the word let alone eating it. 
just might breaknight  freaking laundry
just missed 11:11! 
Just missed a code for a free $40 game 
Just missed baron davis 
just missed english club with friends. feel so bad.. 
just missed half of danny dire's deadliset men. A bit nawtyy...... 
Just missed her. 
just missed one of the most important parties in my highschool life 
Just missed the bus  holy hell is it hot out here.
just missed the ice cream truck. 
just missing my family 
It's been a long day. It was a beautiful day here in Kc. But there were so many tears. I am going to miss Maureen so much. 
it's been a long day. work tomorrow  sleepy time.
Its been a long night!  My mom and bro both was shot 2night. Thank GOd there home and recovering!
it's been a long time since i have been on twitter. At the moment i'm doing my GCSE's s, so thats why i have been soooooo busy. 
It's been a long time since my last update 
It's been a month and a half and I still miss her all the time. I still expect to see her sitting in her chair in the living room 
its been a rough couple of days.    the epidural has had to be resited.
It's been a very bad day and it's only 6:51 am! 
It's been a year and a half since my father died. I didn't expect Father's Day to still hurt like this 
It's been a year since Mark Speight died  A year goes so fast.
it's been about 11 hours since I last took some Vicodin but I'm seriously hurting over here... I think I overdid it today. 
Its been almost a week, and he is still in my mind and in my heart since Saturday This reminds me of the movie &quot;On the line&quot; this sucks 
It's been almost two years since Howdy died...  RIP. You created my love for Boston Terriers, buddy. I'll never forget you.
It's been an awful summer so far. Sinus infection that won't go away. Bed ridden since Saturday 
It's been an awful week but, thanks god, it's Friday. I'm at home, though  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7ov6w
its been an interesting day...met a really sweet person today but I'm kicking myself for not getting his name 
It's been another day! Workman pounding to wake me up, funeral of an old friend, and reading a great book! Too bad the cats are dead! 
It's been days since I've turned on my laptop. I wish @twitter would let me view my followers on mobile  Oh well. New People! 
It's been like 50 minutes since there were 20 minutes left  
Its been like a month. Why am i still sick 
is at school, can't wait to go home, need sleep  but no, have to get ready for work bahh.
is at school, in business. whaaaa 
IS AT SCHOOL.  doing stupid things. school till fucking 16.30
Is at school. ACT on Wrndsday. 
is at school..and I have a class thats from 5:50pm to 9:50pm..ughhh.... I had the teacher before and she is soooooo boring to listen too! 
is at Shiloh Park. Last day of camp meeting 
Is at south point! Getting really tired and sleepy though 
is at speedy karting from Sentul. Waiting for Fadly playing gokart....hhhh I'm tired 
is at starbucks podium. no money, no coffee. cookie only  http://plurk.com/p/wl1g9
is at Subway visiting Al, I'm distressed to discover a meatball under the table 
Is at the airport... Waiting 
is at the beach watching Xmen Origins and drinking orange juice with no pulp 
is at the beauty shop...i hope that im out of here by 11 
Is at the botanical gardens and its beautiful but she forgot an extra memory card so no pictures today 
Is at the dentist and I've gotta get a tooth extracted  damn you pepsi, coffee, and candy...
is at the dentist for a filling  #fb
Is at the dentist... Time for a root canal. 
is at the dmv waiting foreverrr to finally get her cali drivers license...bye bye hawaii one 
is at the easter show...feeling nauseous 
is at the end of her tether 
is at the gym... Wishing she was still in bed cause im still half sick... Boo 
is at the hospital. Lori didn't have swine flu but she does have meningitis. 
is at the jorrfice but wants to go home na  jantoque and gusto maborlog http://plurk.com/p/11s7cl
is at the lib how could this day be any better 
is at the libs... woke up at 6 to work on assignment.. now at the library... why does dal library have to be closed at 9 in the summer 
just moved to the couch cause my boo said i was snoring 
Just my luck! First day of holiday and I've woke up full of cold. 
just my luck..caught in a dilemma par usual..and i miss you..a lot  @keisheraonline
just need to focus for a couple more hours...finish my work then I can play...working on a sunday is so WRONG!!  
Just not clever enough to complete this stupid fucking corse 
Just not some bad news that a friend of mine that I grew up with past away R.I.P 
Just not the Cats night.  Its 9-4 in the top of the 8th. They've scored 4 with 2 outs. Damn.
Just noticed I don't have a guitar in my room 
just noticed my wisdom tooth is coming in..wokeup in PAIN omgggg! 
Just noticed some DMs haven't been making it through to @Cotweet. Sorry for slow response time everyone...didn't know there were msgs. 
Just noticed that AOA rehearsal is on fathers day 
just noticed that he hasn't eaten anything since he took his nap...  http://plurk.com/p/139h55
just noticed that i ripped a hole in my favorite jeans  thankfully it's just in the knee...stupid work
Just noticed that I'm losing 'friends'.. 
Just noticed that I'm missing out on some important conversations because they're starting with @'s to people I don't know  #fixreplies
Just noticed that some of my photo frames fell and my hs grad photo fell and the glass broke. 
just noticed they cut out kevin's guitar solo on the &quot;fly with me&quot; video 
Just noticed wordpress doesn't let me upload zip files  Any good recommendations for long-term storage of my #tdd #ddddscot slide stack?
Is at the pool hot as hell cant even get n cuz someone threw up  ugh!
Is at the station now and falling asleep! Why are ya'll taking so long? 
is at the work house early and will probably leave late. 
is at this hotel sooo bored 
is at uni til nine pm! gahhhhh! and no mcfly to listen to 
Is at work  http://twitpic.com/5f3rg
Is at work ... No phones allowed 
is at work 2day  boo!
is at work all day, yea i kno... 
Is at work and bored!! 
Is at work and feels like crap 
is at work and has finished what he had to do....so thers nothing to do for the remaining time 
Is at work and hates Mondays 
is at work and im cold 
Is at work and sad she left her phone at home  Talk to me...bored.
is at work because he didn't read an email E2E and there was an action item for him  ... I'll miss this sunny day 
is at work bored witless and getting one of his &quot;heads&quot; coming on 
Is at work early on a Sunday morning! 
is at work early today 
is at work missing the outside world...see ya at midnight 
is at work not wanting to be here  gym n swimming later tho
is at work on a saturday morning 
Is at work on a Sunday  im still half asleep &amp; i had to get a bus tut tut...Just waiting for the film crew to arrive.
Is at work on break. People friggen everywhere!! 6 hours left of shift too  agrhhhh!!!
Is at work really anticipating the weekend! This was a LONG week  Geeze! I hate commin to work!
is at work still i ont get off until 5 
is at work till 10 
is at work today 
is at work today  wish i could just be lazy at home
is at work until 3 
is at work wishing she was home in bed!! 
is at work wishing that she could be enjoying summer like every other college kid in america 
Is at work with a sore neck throat and back 
Is at work with a tummy ache 
Its been long went to a movie in theatre..Oru Nalla padam edukka maatengranga in Bangalore  Today Thoranai... Ennatha Solla.
It's been lovely having a lively debate but I off to work  later digital friends! @destroytheearth @channel4film @buffysquirrel
It's been off charge for 3 minutes and it's down to 48% already  and it's roasting.
It's been on a couple of times already, but cos I think the da Vinci Code sucks I never took the effort of watching it.(
Its been one stressful week at work... 7.15pm and I'm almost asleep 
It's been one whole day here without you... 
It's been quiet and empty in my office lately, I miss my officemate.. Huhuhu 
Its been raining all day!  Rain sucks!!!!
its been raining allllll day, so cold and no fundays tonight 
It's been raining here for 2 days now 
its been raining like all month 
It's been raining non-stop and of course the ants have invaded us! Attack of the killer ants this Monday morning 
it's been seven days and the latest #vconqr update (1.3.1) has yet to go live 
it's been too long since I knew anyone willing to give road head 
Its been two days in Nainital and I have not eaten momos yet! Disadvantage of coming  home without my sister.. I hate eating alone.  #fb
It's been two hours and all I have built is a road. Not my game 
it's been WAY too long since I had a truly creative shoot  NOT good going through my folio and thinking 'urgh'!
It's been way too long... 
Its been yrs but I still can't listen to &quot;Paramore&quot; cuz Im still in love with Haley  haha
It's beginning to look alot like. . . a bad Sunday 
It's being said that Rob Pattinson is dating Kristen Stewart. Dang it. 
It's better to tweet @ midnight when all my twitter friends tweet cuz they tweet on day and when it's day there, it's night here  too badd
Its bin red hot and ive caught a cold?! 
It's bitter sweet: in sunny Miami, but missing my Boston Five 
It's blazing in the suburbs. I'll have to do an early evening workout at Hinsdale Central. I'm out here anyway. Missing NON's 800 though 
Its bloody cold n grey 
Its boilin outside. Just moved my car 31degrees!! Hate leather seats burn my back 
It's BOILING 
its booooring to night 
is at work! It's been a long weekend 
is at work! Yay! Ha. 
is at work, bored and lonely  boooo
is at work, fighting a bad cold 
Is at work. All by my lonesome   talk about boring
is at work. Not looking forward to theory class tonight 
is at work. Sucks to hear about the Air France flight.  Hopefully they are okay.
is at work.. SOOO tired. just wanna go home and sleep 
is at work... 
is at work...and hating Mondays 
Is at workkk blah I want to be tanning instead 
is attempting to choose quotes from shakespears othello 
Is attempting to find out who I removed 
is attempting to put videos on youtube...watch...it will fail. 
Is attempting to sleep in today, but is sadly failing! 
is attracting lesbian vampires and is not too happy about it. 
is avoiding going to bed so she doesnt have to wake up and go to the dentist 
is avoiding reading for bio by trying to restore all the contacts she lost when her phone got stolen   i need ur number ;)
is awake 
Is awake  geez stop having to work at 6am andy!
is awake and back on the revision 
Is awake and hung over again got banana in my bed moaning cos she has a cold 
is awake and is thinking of going to the library 
is awake and revising  http://plurk.com/p/11joob
is awake and shouldn't be 
is awake and soooo sick, plus my ankle hurts, bloody spilt boiling hot water on it at work  mamma needs a hug!!!!!
Just now finishing packing  im so tired! ATLANTA BABY &lt;3
Just now gettin up no work 2day but still gonna b a long day 
Just now getting dinner outside ATL. Still ~4 hours away from my brother's house. 
Just now getting in bed. I have to wake up in 4 hours and 30 minutes to go dance from8 am to 11pm...GOODY! ....  my body is mad at me..
Just now getting to sleep. Going to try to stay up when Nick goes to work at 11. Must fix schedule! Oh, our mega budget is now in effect. 
Just now goin 2 sleep, gotta be back up in like 2 hours for work. . . gotta put my car in the shop 2moro 
just now going to bed getting 3 or less hours of sleep 
Just now got back from water park. Tired &amp; HUNGRY! And feet are absolute hamburger meat. Bad sandals! Ow. 
Just now got up   Eating bfast (butterscotch pancakes FTW) then going to head down and help @ the yardsale some... shoulda set alarm 
Just now learnt of the Air France crash. Have been on a plane when struck by lightning &amp; it was terrifying. Know now how lucky we were 
Just now leaving work, starving and zero dinner foods at home. 
Just now realized when I updated to iphone 3.0 a few hours ago, it deleted Bloom (the Brian Eno app I bought). 
just occured to me: I'm acting like a 3rd grader. yeah, well, my 3rd-grade-ness is justified!! Missing Jake 
just occurred to me that even though it's June 17th, I'm still wearing winter clothes to work.  boo summer
Just of a haircut for the first time in a year and a half. No more hippie hair 
Just off the phone with my Grandad - I miss that half of my family 
Just off to FOWA.  My day off seems to have started earlier than a work day 
Just off to sleep after working the night I'm back to work @ 17:00 for 6 hours then I can rest again. My right foot is killing me!.  
Just off to Worcester in the rain.  May get back in time to watch the Derby.
Just off work headed home to grill halibut and scallops! Then bed early meeting in the am 
just officially died. 
just on tea break at work although my tea is now cold  oh well back to work I guess - the clock is moving so slow today.
Just on the computer doin nothing!!!! So bored.. 
Just on the way to Wales to watch it raining for a week. So much for eco friendly, patriotic UK holidays  Taking lots of wine and dogs
Just one hour 2 go.... what a week Only saturday of 
just one hour to go, seriously, I feel so bad today  I need to buy Vogue...
Just one little thing breaks the tenuous thread of being ok 
just one more 
Just one more &quot;Trust Me&quot; episode and I'm done with the show. Too bad I couldn't find episode 11 to watch all the episodes. 
Just one more day in San Jose and then we're officially on vacation. If only I didn't have to get through subbing first 
just one more eyeball 2 make for amigurumi frog but have 2 feed menagerie 1st frog will have to wait 
JUST ONE OF THOSE DAYZ WHEN I WANNA B ALL ALONE 
just opened my mouth and insert my foot and chewed really hard!    hoping I can make ammends
Just ordered 30 white castle burgers, finished 7 
Just ordered a mic stand for Rock Band!!!! Expect slight delay in video recording process 
Just ordered another 2-year subscription to Bust Mag. I only have one left on my current subscription.    Me love Bust big time.
just ordered chinese argued with the lady and now im worried about my food 
Just ordered flowers and chocolates from Interflora Australia for my friend's b'day next week - miss her 
Just ordered lunch...still feelin like crap 
It's boring now 
It's boring. 
it's borred  i will a pet  my sissy have tomorrow a cat...and i don't have a pet...i will a rabbit.. or a maltipo dog 
It's bout to start raining!!!  and my hair is goin to bush-up, i cant take this!
It's bring your dog to work day to tomorrow! Imma being my dog .. Wait I do have one 
It's Britney bitch! Just got back from London! I am in love with Camden Town, just gutted that i had to come away without seeing KOL! 
it's burning up here like you walk outside and your in a sauna  blah. I have a love-hate relationship with high school...
its called the Pacific Ocean!!!   
It's cause you give me a reason to assume.  - http://tweet.sg
it's clear, sunny, absolutely BEAUTIFUL out...and I'm working all week! 
Its cloudy now  and I can't sneak into the pool in the morning either  http://mypict.me/2Q8S
its cold again, and i seem to have misplaced my blanket. 
It's cold again. Everything else about Paris is perfect but.. It's soooo cold 
Its cold and I don't have a jacket 
I'ts cold and i'm waiting for daddy to bring home fish and chips  but i forgot how to spell my bebo password  FML! lol
its cold and raining in leeds 
Its cold downtown and I didn't bring a jacket  #fb
It's cold in this office 
its cold out todat 
It's cold outside, not t-shirt or BBQ weather 
It's cold outside.   I'll be at Auburn later, and I'm hoping that it will be warm there.
its cold! im bound to get sick...these weather changes are no bueno for my body... 
Its cold, shower. Laying around allday. Im sorry babe 
It's cold, wet and I have a headache - great way to start a Sunday 
its cold, windy and looks like its gonna rain  weather sucks
it's cold. i need a hug. and a hot coco 
It's cold?  eh I don't wanna swim today. I'm too tired!
its coldd arh were is summer 
Its colldd ma nose is turnin red *shiver  where da party at? http://myloc.me/12Tn
it's confirmed. swine flu came to CSULB and LA County.  everyone, use proper hygiene and be careful. http://bit.ly/3KSTi
It's cool in HK. BUT meeting and dinner all day and no time to go out shopping!!!! 
Just ordered my desk...it's gonna take 3 WEEKS! AHHH 
Just ordered pizza, gonna have a chilled night watchin TV ... Back 2 work 2moro   xx
just ordered some areca palm and lady palm for my office. should (hopefully) help with the awful air quality. I know v little abt plants 
Just ordered the iPhone 3G S. T-Mobile Shop didn't have any left that were not reserved. 
Just ordered the MacBook Pro spec I couldn't get at the Regent Street store today, but the estimated delivery date is a fortnight away 
Just ordered this camara at Amazon:  http://is.gd/17Ntm   too bad it isn't for me 
Just out of the shower. Brushed my teeth, now having some breakfast. Working 9-6 today 
Just over an hour to go then I can set off home. Although thats a 2 hour journey as well. sigh 
Just packed up her classroom! Good by pacific center 
Just paid $1.29 for an iTunes song 
just paid $221/mo for a dedicated server @GoDaddy. Would rather get a slice @slicehost, but I using MS SQL 
just paid me phone bill, the buggers turned me phone off!! 
Just paid my bills now I have no money 
Just paid my speeding ticket 
Just painted my left hand red and is having difficulties painting my right cause my left hand can't control 
Just painted my nails. Now what? My nose itches, I'm hungry and I'm inspired to write. I;m stuck - Crap just messed up my thumb 
just painted our hot pink walls &quot;collegiate white.&quot; its really starting to look like we don't live here  8206 foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Its cool that the background image is viewable (have to rework it a bit) - uncool that I had the squirts the whole night 
It's cool. i've been up since 4. 
Its coold  
its coooooooooooooooooooooooooold  http://plurk.com/p/12dy26
It's Could.... 
its courteney cox and elizabeth reaser's birthday today!!! i wish these two exams were over so Becci could lend me the OC season 3 
Its crabbbb,  where are to people omgoz.. Next week beter. 2morrow breda again B-)
its crappy that the sun has now gone 
it's crazy how fast kids grow up im taking my baby cousin shopping now and she is all adult like awww makes me feel old now 
it's crazy how u feel abt a death when u dun think u    kno the person, its crazier how u feel when u find out u actually kne them 
it's crazy the metro crash today. hopefully this doesn't give people more reason to be afraid of transit. 
Its D Day! 
It's damn early. And damn hot. I have to work for the whole day and so I'm rly damn pissed of.  *wants more time for his projects  *
Its damn there near 4 in the morning and im still doing laundry this shit is so not cool 
Its Dani's and my last day in LA together. Going to see the Hollywood sign and perhaps the beach. I will be sad come Monday 
It's dark and I'm scared.  I need my security blanket.  http://yfrog.com/5ekkvij
its dat time of year when i miss living in NJ...i wanna b at summer jam 
Its daylight outside 
its days like these when I wish my car's CD player wasn't broken. &quot;not without a fight&quot; is currently trapped in it 
It's days like today that make me feel like an idiot. 
Its dead  not even open yet lol
It's dead time and I am not sleeping yet  Insomnia isn't cool, kids
it's def sunday but idk if it's a funday.. weather in my bones 
its definitely not the real Ed Westwick on here.  
It's depressing going into The Sunglasses Hut &amp; trying on ray bans that are $140 &amp; not being able to buy them 
It's depressing how I know nothing of the intelligent people who have died recently.  It's like I am Jade Goody's legacy 
its depressing when u less money 
It's Derby Day! Shoulda setup online betting account a week ago.  Blah
Just parted with my Fire Agate pieces...  Parting is such sweet sorrow. But I got that $$$$ LOL
Just passed a dead deer on the highway. Poor bambi 
just passed a mcds  im hungry
Just passed a sign that said  Lewisville  close but no cigar
Just passed Knott's...  
just passed my old house 
just passed the border .. Bye bye Kuwait 
Just passed the first sonic and we didn't stop 
just passed the place where my old church camp used to be. sadness. 
Just passed the UD arena. Kind of want to cry 
Just passed through Moscow. God I miss that place 
just passin' by  i'm at the mall right now all by myself.. hoping to see even one of my closest friends  imysm
Just past 3am - can't sleep - damn it 
Just peed in the wrong bathroom in the backstage area 
Just perhaps had the biggest eating fail he's ever had. Coffee kit kat ftl 
just persuaded Grant Galloway to get Twitter but FAILED 
Just photoshopped an entire screen share and put it as my default. Hahaha. Poor KP 
Just picked my sister up from work.   she's always grumpz after work so I think next time I wont go.
just picked up 2 very sad &amp; disappointing pizzas from Eagle Boys in Unanderra (for the kids, not me) 
Just picked up Barkley from the groomers...he looks like a chihuahua with a big head...  http://twitpic.com/6p3hj
its died down now,its getting real,4 hours til their train 
its difficult to get through the day when you haven't got a friend to help you through it. i miss francine.  sigh.
it's disgusting outside  today I don't want to leave the house :')
Its disgusting that only 29% of those registered to vote in Scotland did. 
its dominos cheaper tuesday and im not eating pizza 
its dreary outside 
It's drizzly out 
It's dry and humid outside. I hate the humidity. It makes my hair frizz and gives me a head ache! 
it's dull  i'm thinking that there's 3 months of summer holiday and i'm already getting bored. help?!
It's dull today  sad times but on the plus side I'm away to spend more moneys I'm town again today!!!  http://bit.ly/LsRHk
Its dum how thngs kan change..i miss you 
It's dumb how bing accepts a 4 in US hist., when hunter only accepts a 5. -.- I could have gotten 6 extra credits if they accepted my 4. 
it's early :@ have to go to work 
It's easier to fake a smile and pretend everything is fine in everyday life then have to explain why I can't carry on 
It's effin hot out today 
It's empty already  http://yfrog.com/7gvunj
It's enough..... I guess.... 
It's entirely too early to be at work on sunday. 
It's extremely annoying that any @[my handle] tweet from tweeps I follow now shows in my both my &quot;Recent&quot; &amp; &quot;Messages&quot; tab on #TwitterFox 
Its extremely chilly outside  I will be car less for the next 3 weeks or so boo..
it's f*cking raining!!! 
its faaaar to warm today 
It's far too early for my body to function correctly, I want my bed 
its far too early pal! 
It's far too early to be up on a Sunday morning. Especially as a little girl was awake most of the night 
It's father's day and I don't have a phone to call my dad with.  Happy Father's Day Dad!
It's father's day time in US. Miss mine 
its fathers day when my daddy is in canada 
just picked up my 2009 NBA champions shirt from the NBA store, shirt did not come with champaign on it 
Just placed flowers on my baby's grave.  She was born too soon.
Just planted some lettuce and tomatoes. though I now have soil under my nails 
Just played a scrim on Left 4 Dead.  Got beat, but had multiple crashes during the game.  
just played basketball with my cousins. is so freakin' hot! but while plaaying, we talked about the cook's lost 
just played dating ariane for like ever. she is such a hoe 
Just played football in freezing rain weather and missing the Elton John concert 
Just played handball my hand is swollen  http://myloc.me/2QFt
just played like, 5 games of dota hahaha. I wanna go home 
Just played netball against a very rough team. We lost 
Just played on rock band, now my hand hurts 
just played Sims 3! It wasn't that great, i'm VERY disappointed.. 
Just played the Uncharted 2 Beta... Get killed so fast i cant even take a closer look at the graphics  damn .....
Just played two games of netball. Tired 
Just played with an iPhone 3G S in the Apple store. Much faster; I really want one 
Just playedd my lastt soccer gammeee 
Just plugged my phone in.  ran out of battery in the middle of my washington trip and missed so many texts from so many people.  sorry!
just polished Toni's nails and toes and waxed her eyebrows and i'll never be able to do them again.. shes still crying 
Just popped a tylenol pm bcuz I'm tired of feelin like this. I just wanna sleep it off. 
Just posted a political rant and deleted it.  I'm just not in the mood for that discussion. 
just posted for the last time in the BL thread 
just powerwashed a new yellow jacket hive from under our backyard awning. Queen was guarding it. I hope I killed it. Got stung last year 
just printing off my claim forms  so disappointed 
just proper cried at that hollie steel breaking down  bless her!!
Just pulled a @MikeyWay and stuck a fork in the toaster. My poptart almost got stuck 
is awake and still so sunburnt 
is awake at 11? i must be losing it. this is waaaaay to early for me. i could have made it another 2-3 hours 
is awake at 5:59 AM 
is awake at 7am on a Saturday 
is awake at a sensible time and is doing alot of coursework bohoo 
is awake at a stupid hour on his day off! 
is awake but still tired 
is awake early on saturday   unfortunately due to work 
is awake far too early 
Is awake now, in for a shitty day 
is awake so early, so i'm just watching Meryl and Pierce in MM, thinking why does the dvd skip at the kiss. Times are bad 
is awake tonight...external practicals 2mrw..all set to get screwed and roasted like a turkey 
is awake too early and longs for her uni lie ins 
Is awake with a horrible headache.  I'm over this now...
is awake! Thinks it'd be nice to go for a run...tut don't hav any running stuff here 
is awake, and I've also broken my alarm clock. 
is awake.  Still feeling sick.     But I got the blog done at least. http://plurk.com/p/x17t9
is awake.  Where did my weekend go?  Why is it Monday already!?  Arg! 
is awake. and had a horrible dream 
is awake. Early airport call...guests are flying home today 
is awake. I feel SO rested, but my body is achy. 
is awake...still having body aches from tuesday's workout...wonder how my PT will kill me tonight! 
is awful tired and is not looking forward to college today 
is aww.ansakit ng likod  http://plurk.com/p/x9equ
is B O R E D. Waiting for people to get twitter so i could follow themm! 
is b0red! 
is baby sitting ..... 
is babysitting 
Is babysitting  texttttttt!
is babysitting and wishing she could go out later but it prob won't happen because the parents are coming home late... 
is babysitting two of the youngest cousins in Sanford. I'll be here until six. 
Just pumped a full tank of gas and it took $48 wtf and I gotta honda 
Just purchased 16GB iPhone S... Have to wait until tomorrow to activate 
just purchased an antec laptop cooler on buy.com. Tired of my laptop turning off (due to overheating) 
just purchased iphone S ... but I have to wait for it to be delivered... 
just put 1&amp;5/8 in my ear, lmao I can't fut the other in 
just put a bid in for signed panic at the disco poster, unfortunatly the fall out boy one is already over my limit 
Just put all the original art for my comics into an album.  Its really nice, except it shows how much I liked to cut corners to finish. 
just put her cheesecake in the bin  No way was i gunna put my dad through that lol!
Just put Miller's Crossing on my LoveFim last. Ueda you bastard 
just put my little miss back to bed...damn I hate sleeping in mine alone 
Just put my phone to charge after it died. Twitterfon did some optimization and now it has an ad 
Just put peanuts out for Badgers - still raining a lot 
just put the bins out, its a bit chilly, slightly overcast, spring sunday - 
just put together some specs for a fileserver and possible HTPC...getting really excited but the calculated price is a buzzkill 
Just put up my lot of 300+ GeoTrax pieces I have had sitting around my house. Too bad god sons grow up 
Just putting it out there...the hoosiers are fucking awesome, where'd they go? 
Just quietly, I'm pretty disappointed with The Alibi Room's change to their veg burrito mix. It's pretty much all refried beans now. 
Just raced travis in the cobra.. And lost.. But not miserably. I was going 110. But he still beat me. 
its fathers day when my daddy is in canada  http://bit.ly/2PuZz1
Its father's day.  
It's Fathers Day. I wanna be left alone. I think? I don't know what I want. 
it's fathers day.. kinda sad n0w cause i miss my papa. 
It's final I'm buying a iPhone 3GS in white 16GB at the Apple Store Regent Street tomo @ 8.00 am. Who else will be there? Still £440 hurt 
it's finally beginning to hit me 
It's finally beginning to hit me. I really do miss the seniors so much. I've now lost big brothers and sisters who mean the world to me. 
It's finally here, the day my grandma leaves 
It's finally hit me...no. I mean somethings literally hit me in the balls. 
Its finally nice out... An hour before we leave 
It's finally the weekend and it's crappy windy weather. 
It's fine. Today sucks just because me those things. i dunno if i can see you 
its fine... frank broke his moms mirror to her car.... he's dead  &lt;3
It's Fleet Week in NYC.  Saw lots of sailors on W 50th last night...too bad they weren't sexy 
it's followfriday and I've got only 3 new followers.. 
It's four o'clock in the morning.can't sleep.thinking of you. 
Its freaken cold too. No wonder I'm still at home 
Its freaken voggy and overcast here in Kona 
its freakin 520 in the morning i woke up b/c i felt a bunch of bugs bite me but i only have one bite mark on my lower thumb i cant sleep 
It's freakin' hot outside. Found out that a 50mm lens is NOT anywhere NEAR adequate for photographing the insides of a tiny costume shop. 
Its freakin hott! The heat woke me up 
Its freaking cold in my room! My toes are gonna drop off 
its freaking hot 
its freaking hot outside!   can't sleep. 
Its freaking hot outside!!!!! 
it'S freezing and raining here 
it's freezing in my house 
its friday almost done for the day! Got paid yay! Gotta save ! 
Its Friday and I can't seem to make it through my last 45 mins at work 
It's Friday and I don't have a job for the weekend 
It's friday and I'd love to party, but don't have a sitter. 
It's Friday and sun is shining and its quite warm already, Just walked the dog, He is so freaky  hyper 
its friday and the first day of my work week 
It's Friday night and I can't go out 
Its friday night and i dunno wht to do! Would like to watch new movie &quot;Drag me to hell&quot; but noone's comin with me 
Its friday night!!  Too bad I can't party   gotta work tomorrow!
IT'S FRIDAY NITE AND IM IN THE HOUSE.....HAVN ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE DAYS 
Its Friday! .. But i have to work tomorrow 
It's FRIDAY! 3 day weekend. No El Paso   No bucks   Getting into a groove here at Tek, I think. Still tons to do though.
Its Friday! Help @peterfacinelli (aka Carlisle Cullen, Dr. Cooper) win a bet or he loses the back of his Twilight chair 
its Friday! lets stay up guys... no goodnight 
it's friday! oh wait i work tommorrow 
It's Friday! Sun shining, floors looking damn fine! no work on Monday...work a bit boring but can survive till 4! But car is broken, boo 
it's friday! trying to find something to do 
It's Friday!!!!....and the sun is out....but I'm working inside.  
it's friday, but i need starting material so my four-day reaction sequence gets started today 
It's Friday, but not the most pleasant ones  waaaaaay to much work...
It's Friday, last day of work for most, not me though, I'm in all weekend 
It's Friday....But not pay-day 
Its frustrating to know that i need to do this 8pg review pack for math in order to still exempt, if i skip it my average is 89.45 
Just ran 5.5 miles now I have to go to work 230-1115  boo
Just ran a bird over and I feel fucking terrible 
just ran a cougar and a half lap and attempted to play tennis. then did the most dreadful thing of all.  fml
Just ran a mile.. Coulda ran more but my ankle is actin up 
Just ran my hearing aid thru the washing machine... 
Just ran out of Beer ! NOOOOOooooooo  someone bring me 24 pack I'll cook for you ;)
Just ran out of cran-apple juice. I'm a sad panda. 
just ran over a bird.. 
just ran over a giant rabbit 
Just ran over a mouse 
Just ran over a possum! It went straight for me. Did a lap &amp; couldn't find it. Maybe it's ok... 
just ran over a snake   i'm a monster.
just ran through a spider web while running up the stairs, freaked out, fell down, gashed my knee open and ripped my favorite jeans 
Just ran to the plaza and back (2 miles). I feel so out of shape now. 
Just ran.  still sore from yesterday.   ahh well haha
Just randomly started feeling horrible. I feel like I'm gonna throw up. 
Just rang my mum,, she's good but this new chemo is making her so sleepy  .Me &amp; baby girl will take her out on Sunday  love you mum x
Just reach home from work. Worked at uncle's place there again! TIRED~ have to do the commskill homework again! 
Its fucking hot. 
It's fucking rainin all day tomorrow. Probably no lake. 
It's fucking storming, badddddddd 
its funny how listening to whinning gives you an instant headache 
It's funny how money changes situation..miscommunication leads to complication...I miss Lauryn Hill 
it's funny how time flies when you're having fun... haven't eaten dinner yet 
It's fux'n Friday..uggh hot jam &amp; all da after spot will b live tonite.. I'm not a partyier.whomp whomp whomp 
It's getting hot already  in Mesa, AZ http://loopt.us/4Ef5mg.t
It's getting late already? Where does the time go when you're not paying attention? I think 1 hour just passed and felt like 10 minutes. 
It's getting nasty now. FOTA has created their own racing series. Max and bernie are so stubborn! I feel bad for USF1 
it's getting to the point where i can't even watch a jonas brothers video without crying 
Its goin to rain this whole week,and weekend,kinda sucks..and I guess @prdessy513 doesnt have service on her fone,still on the cruise 
it's going 2 take alot of getting used to, the whole TC saying &quot;had a great show&quot; instead of Thomas but i bet he was awesome.Imiss Thomas 
It's going take me forever to clean my apartment.  
Its going to be a bad day tomorrow 
it's going to be a busy Friday - and I am working on the bank holiday - yippee 
It's going to be a late night tonight 
It's going to be a long day!!! 
It's going to be a long night tonight at The Wal. I have to stay until the cleaning crew is done 
It's going to be a LONG week. I'm losing both my guys!!! 
Just read @ryanoncoffee's tour diary included w/ Live on Earth.. wish it had the bits from 2004/2005 there.. cant find them online 
just read a bunch of TFKTrevor's tweets...he duznt sound like an awesome Christian.  ignorance mostly. but TFK's still #1 to me.
Just read a very upsetting interview with Xabi  Please excuse me while I cry myself into nothing.  I need a vodka. 
Just read about the plane crash - so sad 
Just read Mariska Hargitay is out for the rest of L&amp;O:SVU season 10  I hope she gets better soon
Just read McDonald's is actually running more ads than before the economic slowdown. Great. I'm lovin it. 
Just read my phone bill. Need to sms less when away. 
Just read that EllisLab aren't taking any Pro Network apps until further notice. That sucks a little, I was about to put in for my badge. 
just read the colby curtin story. i really wanna watch pixar's 'Up'. 
Just read tweets from wethetravis and jackalltimelow; wish I was able to see ATL/ WTK together 
Just reading that Vic Davies, ex Triple M 'Club Veg' battling lung cancer. 
just reading up on the last season of the hills.....feeling a little down knowing that it'll all be gone soon 
Just ready Daily Telegraph &amp; see new words... bunning? I thought that was a hardware store? Unhappy ..no new words for love 
just realised at some point or another in my weekend cooking adventures, I've cut my thumb 
just realised how difficult it is explaining DNS stuff within 140 characters... maybe it's just my long-winded way of explaining things 
just realised how gutted she is to return back to London without The End 
It's going to be a long week.... 
It's going to be a long weekend, and not in a good way. 
It's going to be a looooong day and night for Orrin and I, Justin will be working Velvet Sessions and won't be home until after midnight! 
It's going to be a loooooooong day!  And not in a good way ;)
It's going to be exams again and Ethan is NOT doing much. I'm more stressed than him leh! And I'm breaking out like a teenager 
its going to be one long painful walk to to the station this morning 
Its going to be one of those days 
It's going to be one of those nights.  I can tell.  it's midnight and I'm not even the least bit tired.,.  i get up too early for this
It's going to be such a long time until Lost is back. 
It's going to rain on our parade 
its going to rain todayy  
its going to rain tomorrow...gahh and ill be home late from tafe. its going to be all dark, wet and cold 
Its going to RAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
it's going...going...going...didnt expect it to be this soon 
its gonna be a boring weekend  no movie to watch #fb
its gonna be a hot one here..99, sun beaming, and toooo muggy  wish you were here @amarie022
It's gonna be a HOTT one here in COMO today 
It's gonna be a long day at work    
It's gonna be a long day...working some OT this morning 
Its gonna be a looooooooooong summer 
it's gonna be a loooooooooooooong wait till next thursday. 
Its gonna be a movie night... I wanted to go to the Brewers Drive In to watch Sandlot... apparently thats not the cool thing to do 
it's gonna be a really nice day and i'll sleep him away... 
It's gonna be a rough shift. I think I had about 4 hours of sleep. 
It's gonna be al hard day at the office. 
it's gonna be another short weekend...sna nmn mejo matagal p ung pahinga :o tinatamad p aq weh 
is babysitting...ugh. 
is back 
is back after being so ill and in bed for nearly 2 weeks  thought i was a gonna!!
is back and exhausted! don't want to go down the hill but i have to 
is back and hasnt slept for 34 hours 
is back and missing authentic japanese food 
is back and missing Turkey 
Is back at home in bed, I've got to be good- internship starts monday, wish the boy had come with me though 
Is back at school and is trying to study!! 
is back at the dorm and facing Pathology  http://plurk.com/p/12pc45
is back at uni, raging over my broken guitar  wanting to kill this annoying kid
is back at work 
Is back at work and needs more sleep  pants status: stolen o_0
is back at work yet again. it's like i like here 
is back at work! 
is back at work.. i didn't sleep good last night  
Is back from a shit weekend only to find out she can't see Tom tomorrow which made her feel even shittier. Great. 
is back from bigstuf and im missing it soooo much!!!!! 
is back from church, today was mary austins last day! 
is back from France 
is back from her exam....it seemed to go quite well..Happy days! Only now I have to revise for the next one on Wednesday.....Bad days!!!! 
is back from holiday 
Is back from Italy! Amazing food, views and sunshine but not happy about my badly perferated left ear and infection in the right one 
is back from LA, but not ready for work 
is back from manchester!!  been an amazing weekend!
just realised how long it has been / will be till a sat night in the mighty 'tyd.. shocking times!!! revision today, seriously cba like 
just realised huge pay cut for the next 6 months.  Less pay for more crap hours, stress &amp; responsibility...nice  Wonder why we all leave?
just realised i can't sleep in this weekend  not good.
Just realised i didnt pack pajamas  #fb
Just realised I forgot accessories. Neck looks lonely. 
Just realised I have @hueyyei 's psp in my bag. Can't play it now though.. 
just realised i left my sandwiches at home this morning 
Just realised I missed Gossip Girl today.. 
Just realised I missed lady gaga on nova this morning... devo 
Just realised I toally forgot tonights rerun of House because I was too busy surfing the a-ha websites. Only caught the last 30 seconds. 
Just realised im going to miss BGT tonight  hopefully the replay will be on tomorrow!
Just realised I'm gonna have to go to sleep at like...6:30 am as much! O_O My sister's arriving at 8 sth, so family will be up early. 
Just realised it's fathers day. And not a single card or &quot;happy fathers day&quot; to be seen anywhere   
Just realised I've got a pink nose 
Just realised my summer job is basically structural mechanics revision. 
just realised she forgot to finish the first essay q in her psych exam. so no A02 at all. SHIT! 
Just realised some people @me but Im not following them so I don't receive them on my home page  Hmm. Need to weigh up following/followers
just realised that i haven't switched the bedroom heater on and now i'll freeze my ass off when i go to bed 
Just realised that Prom is 2 weeks away! I DONT HAVE SHOES YET! And I don't know how to have my hair, and I don't have suitable bling 
Just Realised That The Sound On My Laptop Was Off And The Videos I Had Converted Have To Be Converted Again Because Of The Sound! 
Just realised there was no cameo from Shaun's Nan (my favorite person on the entire show) Slightly gutted about that. 
Just realised.  It's actually not that early anymore...I've just ben up for AGES 
just realising that 250ml of milkshake isn't really that much when it comes down to it 
Just realize some of the unread comment on my blog. And some very good one too. Gosh. I'm so sorry for not noticing 
Just realized @mrsfonix didn't receive any of my tweets today 
It's gonna be cccccoolld in Australia  Roll on Los Angeles!
It's gonna be one of those days like last week again.  Like sundials in the shade...useless.
its gonna be so weird not having any babies at home tonight 
It's gonna be tomorrow. 
it's gonna be too hot today. heat plus clouds equals insane amounts of flies. 
its gonna start to rain no more skating for me 
It's gonna storm and I'm about to go to work.  My kitty is gonna be scared.   She hates storms.
It's gonna suck being the only sober one tonight 
It's gorgeous out and my cotton pants are too big for me 
It's gorgeous outside in Los Angeles and I'm going to work. 
Its got voice and everything.. thats pretty cool. Also.. its only for 360 
It's great keeping your car running for years &amp; years, but it sure can be a money sink.  
Its hailing...I want it to be warm 
Its hard being @ the store and going passed the baby area knowing that was what andrew and I both wanted. 
It's hard being a machine  addicted to caffeine 
it's hard being the oldest one here 
It's hard thinking of Mari and Chenelle and Sydney, etc. not being in class with us anymore. 
Its hard to be at the Fashion District in LA when you are dieting bc there's food everywhere outside!! Smells sooooo frkn good 
It's hard to be impressed with sytycd after last season blew me away 
it's hard to believe it was 8 months ago  http://bit.ly/zMqBd @Jonasbrothers @aashleyyyy @raymsterr21
It's hard to believe it's 'summer' when they sky is OVERCAST.    
Its hard to look at my cat's bed...I miss him already and hope he is done soon   Am I dumb for being this crazy over his dental visit???
is back from Newquay  - BUT, the new iPhone software is out tomorrow :-D
is back from Panama, and thinking about home visits!!! Emmitt is &quot;needs foster&quot; -- doesn't like kids 
is back from Penang. Such a short trip.  http://twurl.nl/gy2xt5
is back from revising  i dont know what to wear tonight 
is back from the brithday dinner...must have ate something bad....feeling sick!   
is back from the doctor's. the little one's asleep. needs to be given pain relief for her virus and teething. poor little thing 
is back from the park and is very sunburnt  cant wait 4 @totallywiredm 2night,and is gonna get smashed..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
is back from watford early. im fukin steaming but wow watfors is shit. loads of srexi gurls but there just not lady like. too hoey for me 
is back from work and wishes i could make everyone happy! 
is back home from the lovelllyyy hotel  listening to sufjan and being mopey
Is back home in CT after being delayed yesterday 4 3hrs  I hate flying into LGA!
is back home in NYC and alone in his apartment.  I hate this part of traveling......
is back home, and isn't feeling to good 
is back home, no more being by the sea 
is back home. bored. going to work on project again in a bit 
is back in Bristol and is all alone 
is back in Charleston and has a horibble headache 
is back in NY in a state of depression  missing my peeps in TX like crazy!!
is back in office &amp; experiencing Monday blues 
is back in office after a sport-filled weekend.Sad that I'll miss watching most of the IPL matches 
is back in Seattle @ Pike's Place, sampling fresh fruit N walkin around... Did I mention I don't wanna go home?! 
is back in Seattle @ Pike's Place, sampling fresh fruit N walkin around... Did I mention I don't wanna go home?!  #fb
is back in Southampton, and not quite ready for work again 
Is back in Sydney, ready to watch the first ep of top model without me in it 
is back in Sydney... and reality...  I miss my Grobie friends...
Is back in the BAY... Vegas weather is SOOOO MUCH BETTER than it is over here 
is back in the studios!! feeling really ill though 
is back into Jubilee line woes! 
Is Back Off Her Hols .... Sunburnt Aswell 
is back on schedule...no more playing tour guide in my new hometown  was a fun, but exhausting week!
is back on the internetz!  Missing all my bookmarks though  [on my laptop on wireless btw]
Is back on this damn thing.. and has forgotten how to work it 
is back on Twitter with the awesome power of my SpaceBerry...where in the world is @OddLittleDucky? I miss her!!! 
is back on twitter!! for today anyway!! and now its thundering 
Is back online for a few hours. I really want my laptop back up and working. It's physically pains me to not have it 
is back to editing Dream Slayer today since my belly is too sick to swim 
is back to normal school days tomorrow  this sucks. math exam tomorrow 
is back to office and the usual bakra to harrass is missing! 
is back to plurk, but won't be as active as before.  http://plurk.com/p/z7fy2
is back to revision. Bye bye Hannah  &lt;3
Is back to the grindstone. Holidays are over 
is back to work after a sunny weekend... damn... 
Its hard to not think when that's what you're doing 24/7.  Bleh.  Problems breathing 
It's hard to pick who you want to follow on here because you just don't know if they are real or fake.  
it's hard to say. god it's hard to say. since you've been gone i'm not the same.  
Its hard to sleep with someone chewing in my ear!  Its times like there that I need a sofa bed
it's hard when he's teething. 
It's hard when things just don't go your way. All I want to do is watch movies all day and stuff my face with the worst food possible. 
its harder to know hes home and hang up then to not hear from him at all, but im glad we talked even as little as we did... i miss him&lt;3 
It's heart rending to see ur own mom cry. Was just told tt we shld minimise our visits bc of her poor immune system. 
its here!!!! now the wait to download  #iphone3.0!!!!!!!!!!
It's his BD today..wish i was there instead of here 
It's hit me this time around that I miss new York. And miss living in a big city. 
Its Horrable weather today  i cant wait for summer to come!!
IT'S HOT &amp; MUGGY OUTSIDE AND THE AIRCONDITIONING ISN'T WORKING IN THE HOUSE   AND I'M STILL IN PAIN... WHAT ELSE????
it's hot again. 
it's hot and sticky here.  bleh.  
its hot and sunny outside and im stuck in the house doing college work  bad times
its hot and sweaty and i'll be damned if i have to go out again in a bit... 
its hot as fuck 
its hot!. almost 100 degree here in alabama 
It's HOT, traffic SUX, and I'm back at work. 
It's hot. Doing some laundry! 
Its hot... no baseball practice  and arm still hurts. Looking forward to elevate tonight.
it's hotter than hell and i have to work until 3am 
Its hs graduation day round here - so time to hit up the party circuit. Too bad I got no room 2 grub thanks to my bet 
It's humid tonight, it is unbearable 
it's impossible to get permanent marker off your body. period. home for memorial day weekend! missed my friends 
It's in Nigeria, for those who didn't know, and it's far far away. The twins will be only 9 months old at that time. I'm so sad about it 
Just realized all his fantastic nerdfriends no longer live in Rochester 
Just realized Cavaliers aren't coming to NJ at all this summer. Allentown is the closest they'll be.  I'm putting in for my day off! #fb
Just realized he forgot to watch french open final 
just realized her permit expires tomorrow  ahh sad day
Just realized how demanding the Ghostbusters theme song is. I don't KNOW who I'm gonna call! I hate being put on the spot. 
just realized how much I miss going to S.G.D.G shows 
Just realized I didn't take any pictures...   #fb
Just realized I forgot my sunglasses 
just realized i forgot to pay for my drink at the last night after-dinner hang out.  don't know who paid for it, but i owe you one!
just realized I forgot to return the DVD's!!!! ugh! Now I have to go back out 
Just realized i have only 23 rare cards out of 400 +/- cards 
just realized i haven't managed my entire account in 5 months. i missed all kinds of fun personal tweets too...sorry kids 
just realized i haven't seen a single dunkin donuts 
Just realized I lost my &quot;I &lt;3 mark&quot; keychain from my set of keys.  sorry babe!!
just realized i lost MY ENTIRE itunes collection..  What A DAY..SERIOUSLY!!..WHAT A DAY! UGH!
Just realized I lost the most detailed dream log I ever wrote when I restored my iphone.  it was worth sharing, one person got to read it
just realized i missed new episode me desperate house wives. 
Just realized I missed out on Gangplank at Next today.  @iboughtamac That's still going happening on Thursdays in the West Valley right?
just realized i never planted my evergreen tree.  ill have to get a pot for it soon.
Just realized I totally forgot about my friends birthday. Great, now I feel like the worlds biggest a-hole. 
Just realized I'm almost at the 200 mark in the number of people I'm following, must stop soon, anymore &amp; I'm past the size of a village 
Just realized i'm going to drive thru vegas and wont even get to stop and play tourist. I've never been there. So sad 
It's Increible How Someone Forgot U Soo Fast! 
It's inorganic rubbish time and there are scavengers going through the trash on the street in the dark making our tidy piles messy 
its interesting to listen to other peoples first dates at Maiko in Austin. She had an awful experience with Craigslist. He lost his BB 
It's iPhone 3GS day! Too bad I can't afford to upgrade to the new one  Maybe #squarespace or #trackle can help
its is 3:39 pm on a saturday afternoon and i have nothing to do...I'M SO BORING 
It's is hard packing for a vaca without my husband, we should be doing this together. 
Its Jessica's last day  but she will be back from Brazil in 3 months!
it's JUNE - almost JULY. getting sick of this rainy &amp; cold weather... 
it's June 18th and it's pouring rain 
it's June 1st tomorrow! I need to go get my passport done soon cuz how am I supposed to get into the States?   Want to go to NY soon
it's June 1st. Life needs a pause button. 
Its June already! This year is going so fast! Daniel's album is out today, cant believe I have to wait at least another 7 days for it 
It's June and I'm sooo coooold 
it's just 10pm and im gna get ready to sleep. no more nightlife 
it's just 2pm  so ready to GO
It's just a day. A busy day. A day isn't allowed to be wasted. Why am I in work? 
It's just a dream at this point. Too much to do.  Have to decide what's for dinner.
it's just another day.... no need to put it up on a pedestal right? 
It's just before 5am here and I'm heading back to bed.  It's too cold to be getting up in the middle of the night for the baby.  
Just reaLized i'm going to miss the bachelorette when i'm at orientation. 
Just realized I'm leaving paradise in 48 hours 
Just realized I'm not going to see my mom today. I think this will be the first one in many years to come.  .
JUST realized im talking to no one... 
Just realized it is friday and b/c of a party I don't get to go racing. 
just realized it was martini night - shoot. 
Just realized I've had my shirt on backwards all day. 
just realized jonas is going to be on while im at the @jonasbrothers concert  oh well ill be in the same building as them(:
just realized my butt pockets are still wet  fail
Just realized my lunch is baking away in my car, many miles away. 
Just realized my phone is going to be cut off tomorrow due to my lack of funds and the bills being so effing high. Fuuuck. 
Just realized she shouldn't tweet when she is drunk because she can't type right!! Ergh seedy  RIOT IN BELGIUM TONIGHT BABY!!
just realized she's not responsible enough to raise chickens 
just realized someone took her mug  Who would do that?
just realized that her twitters have not been updating from her phone 
just realized that i actually beat that person to Gelatin by 3 minutes when @mrbobbybones did the contest for the offspring in studio! 
just realized that I am sunburnt on my face and arms. Worm and TJ somehow managed to tan though...  Damn Lebanese genes...
Just realized that I don't have enough money for rent this month . . .  I just want to curl up in bed and watch HIMYM, not go to work.
Just realized that I forgot to go to a friends party last night... oops! guess i'll be getting an ear full tomorrow. 
Just realized that I have to either walk or ride my bike to summer school 
Just realized that i haven't had anything to eat or drink but some chai tea. 
just realized that i won't be able to see Weeds when it comes on again. 
Just realized that I wont be watching The Colbert Show anymore because its on at 11:30pm and I have to watch Conan now.. 
just realized that it's back-to-school day, i miss school. 
Just realized that its now 2 guys in my life from Chicago who turned out not to be what I thought they were, Chicago = pricks apparently 
just realized that the LADEAD email server never sent out the last 3 emails I put in the queue.  #@$&amp;!@*$!   Sorry about that everyone. 
It's just Chunk and me now.... 
It's just gonna be Kate Plus 8 now... 
it's just hit 30.5 oC in the office.. when will they turn the aircon on 
its just hit me that this is it. its the end of an era. sad times 
Its just monday and i am already ready for it to be over....it was a long morning!   
It's just my luck that 2 days before I get back from my hols, my other half's goin on HER hols lol it'll be 3 wks w/out seein each other 
It's just not happening here at Jason's.. Not a good crowed! 
it's just not right. I fucked up 
it's just not the same with poopie not here 
It's just not the same without Stephen sitting behind me 
it's just past 9:00 AM and I'm already stressed the hell out. . .  I cannot stand Mondays. 
It's just pouring! All I can think about I the little female cat we feed outside  I wish we could rescue her
it's just rain  hopefully it'll snow (till noon tomorrow)
its just sunk in, @amorphic is gone 
Its just these rainy days... 
it's just too hard to see my best friends feeling sad. it makes me feel sad too 
its just what i need in this moment! seriously, its just what i want and just what i need  -
its just wrong i have to wake up at 5am for work tomorrow 
Its k. Im pretty much gna lie in tomorrow cos every1 is in work and im off. 
its killing meee headache 
Its kinda bad to see all the effort I am putting into the Big Brother page and then getting like 6 views a day! It was getting like 17 
Its kinda cold on the beach today 
Its kinda cold today.. 
it's laggy, unfortunatly there's nothing you can do   (I LOVE TILA TEQUILA @OfficialTila live &gt; http://ustre.am/3v2f)
its late already, still don't wanna go 2 work 
It's late and I can't sleep 
it's late but I HAVE to study  night..
It's late. I'm not tired. I'm bored. I just sent a problem thingy to Twitter. I hope they can help me.. Blahh...whatever. 
Its light out n birds r chirping fml i need to get to sleep...have 2 be back at work in 6 hours 
It's lightening outside. I work in an outside mall. We have a line. 
ITS LIK ME ND MY BOYFRIEND R FRIENDS CUZ WE DNT DO ANYTHING ROMANTIC HE SAYS HE'S NOT A ROMANTIC PERSON THAT SUCKS 
its like 1am, I can't sleep and I have school tomorowwwww 
Is back to work today   I really could have used some more time off 
is back to work today! 
is back to work, wishing she was outside 
Is back to work.  enjoyed 2 days off in a row
is back up online... but still no new iPhone  I am an MacAddict
is back with 2 boxes.. wheres my last one? 
Is back! But not unpacked from Spring Harvest. Haven't got the energy, and it's college tomorrow! 
is back! Hint 2. i was just doing some hell hard maths homework... ugh and theres more to do 
is back---after rebooting---darn! my laptop got 'virus' 
is bad mood .  http://plurk.com/p/12k3cy
is baking a chicken and unpacking in her new apartment since she's still stuck in Corpus  Text me 2542475319!
is baking in a traffic jam 
Is banging his head against the wall with his dreamweaver template - can't get it to hide my optional editable region 
is banging out early, no kids showed  Killing time till movies by heading over to BCC - his dojo's annual karate open tourny is today
is barely awake 
is battling a cold 
is becoming impatient from waiting! 
is been cover chem p3 and p1.. p2 still weakening me  http://plurk.com/p/su9br
is beginning to miss my dreads again 
is beginning to wonder how bad is this economic downturn; the reports don't equal the reality  Why can't politicians be truthful!
Is being a bus wanker  feel so ill!
is being annoyed by all of my cousins that are here. and my new half cousins &gt;.&lt; and their cousins are REALLY irritating 
Is being cooked in the office  please turn the air con on!
is being distracted by facebook quizes dammit!!! so much hw too 
is being followed by britney fuck vids again. Super sad tonite, but at least I got to say bye to everyone 
Just realized that the Stelvio doesn't have abs 
JUST realized that when my laptop crashed, I lost a media list that I worked on for almost 2 solid weeks. AGHHHHH!!! 
Just realized the live @pottercast in Philly is on Father's Day!!! I probably won't be going afterall.  Very sad pandas.
just realized these are her last summmer vacations  . next year it all changes.
just realized tonight's Drake 
Just realized, I am out of new pics to use as my display pic on websites 
Just realized; my dreams were crushed the day I got my first pimple.  I knew what I wanted but now it can never happen.
Just realizing that Punahou class of '09 graduates today. Congrats, Puns! I feel old  Reunion next weekend!
just really depressed right now. driving costs too much money, and i'm broke. plus i don't think i'm going to make it to transformers 
Just really sad.   Someone stole my phone today    I really need to sleep, but not really that tired...yet
just really woke up &amp; is sore all over.  What to do today? New book just came! Oh, and dishes. 
Just really, really angry. I want to trade families. 
just re-arranged my desktop and read a really old msn convo with curtis wowww. like WOOW. i have changed to much. time has soured me 
Just receive some sad news  aw
Just received a threatening letter from SHF to take the teeshirts off cafepress.  Makes me sad.  
just received DEVASTATING news that my groom for this weekend's wedding passed away over the weekend   My heart is breaking!
Just received email from Books on Board with $1 romance titles. Can't get any of them. Geographical rights   Getting very frustrated!
Just received my copy od Stephen Spender's Poems, 1st ed. tho 2nd printing      however, the finish the smell, the feel - words live
is being furloughed 3 days a month for 2 years 
Is being harassed by my crazy ex bf 
Is being hauled off to Ikea. Apparently, sales trump Fathers' Day lazing. 
Is being ignored. 
is being productive... 
Is being punished. My holidays have come to an end &amp; I have to back to work tomorrow. 
is being sick can ruin someones days...i feel crappy 
is being taunted by Star Ocean TV adverts! Where's my X-box?? 
is being used  so how du i nip this in the bud???
Is beyond upset that she has no car now due to the idiots on the road! Hmph! 
Is Blah..Everyone I Know Seems To Have Problems That I Can't Fix 
Is bleeding out of control and is very emotional!! 
Is bloody bored but doesn't want tomorrow to come if it means work 
is bloody ironing again 
is blown about her phone being out of comission. SLY you need to email her.... 
is bogged down by Coursework  and is sick of him...
is bone tired!!! but still have to study 
Is boooooooored. Needs something to do. Missing my fix of Ant and Dec and Stephen Mulhern already. 
is booooored as hell on Victoria Day  I know, it's real sad -.-
Is bored  and still don't knw how to work this lol.
Is bored  got to find something to do.
is bored  someone talk to me
is bored ..... Wish to meet DEMI LOVATO , SELENA GOMEZ ,ASHLY TISDALE AND MIELY CYRUS  but i live at indonesia
is bored aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, wanna have a nice saturday night please 
is bored and doesnt wanna go for camp  OH HELP ME, please!
is bored and doing nothing fun 
is bored and feeling very alone... i miss my bed partner 
is bored and had crap news today 
Is bored and has no Gomey to speak to  hahahaaa
Is bored and has nothing to do 
is bored and haven't a clue what to do 
is bored and lonely...so im playing ghost busters on the wii. i need a life 
just received results from the mailbox 
Just received some bad news...A friend's father passed away suddenly this morning 
Just received tragic news 
Just recollecting my jog this a.m. - almost perfect except unkown type hanging out by my vehicle.  Too much mental noise- only 6 mile jog 
just recorded a song! Btw I'm banned from FP til July... 
Just registered a twiiter username for a new service I want to launch, the original one I wanted has already gone 
Just rejected a video Idea that I worked hard on. 
just relax...but tomorrow my daily routine starts again...ewww 
Just relaxing right now... tomorrow I have to work and Sunday  City time... just 2 more chances to go to New York City 
just relisted very cute aluminum two tiered cake stand-due to nonpayment  http://bit.ly/Txu5b
Just remember how closed I am to go to some unknown village (KKN - Darawati,Cipatujah,Tasikmalaya) 
just rememberd i got no phone!  suxz
Just remembered how crappy of a movie Just My Luck is. Haha 
just remembered i don't have any of this http://twitpic.com/80g25 left 
Just remembered i have an exam tomorrow. . . Bollocks, i better get studying 
just remembered i have band in the morning  that means i gotta get up at 6, its sooo hard especially when its freezing!!!!
Just remembered I still have a summer project to do.  IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!
just remembered it is a long weekend , when you are Hayley the super bogan, everyday is a weekend, don't want to start Uni in 2 months 
Just remembered it was the father's day...Wish I could celebrate this day too... 
just remembered it's D-Day.   
Just remembered its my last ever day tomorrow  Will need a few nostalgic last min photos me thinks.
Just remembered that i have to work tonight, hohumm! 
Just remembered that I still hate life. FUCK. 
just remembered that i'll probably have an email waiting for me in the am. it will probably arrive before 8. now i won't be able to sleep 
Just remembered that my 360 red ringed last night. I think I'll live in denial of that fact for the day and deal with it tomorrow. 
just remembered that she won't be seeing tbs/eotc today. Two of my favorite bands and I'm missing it 
Just remembered the pedalo race... 
Just rememeberd the case would add �25+  never mind I shall have to find away to build it into my current case (if go for a new PC)
Just renewed my membership at @qualitycomics. They got Twitter now! That's kinda cool right?? I'm so far behind on comics though 
Just reported a fourth Steam phishing attempt on me to Valve. Kinda scary how many people are out there trying to steal from others. 
Just reported on Iranian state TV by police chief: Any gathering in forbidden and will be &quot;dealt with&quot;  #IranElection
Just requested my most handy money market accounts be closed as the bank more than tripled the minimum balance. 
Just reread Don't Lose Your Mind last night. I wish I had someone to play DRYH with 
Just rested his heavy head ! For half an hour, stil tired 
Just returned a NDA. That's 3 NDA projects I'm working on. They're really fun/cool but I can't blab  I guess there are worse things!
Just returned from an old country church creek baptism...97 degrees, and I didn't get to get wet 
Just returned from Funroe...not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow.  
just returned from my italian listening exam, erlack! Or as they said in the land of the pizza, Uffa 
Just returned from my rental storage area.... nothing more fun then packing stuff in heat and humidity 
Just returned from X-men Origins Wolverine.  Bit disappointed to say the least.  Gambit was cool, but not hot.  Story went everywhere.  
Just returned to the hostel even though it's only 2 in the afternoon here... a bird pooped on my skirt!!! 
Just reviewed Stephen Kings' Lisey's Story. Wanted to lovelovelooove it, but didn't. Sry 
just reviewed the lace reader by brunonia barry.SUCH a good book. http://runforamsterdam.livejournal.com ...more MCAS today. OTH finale! 
just revising 
Just revising for a French speaking test tomorrow, French is so fucked up and i dont see the point in it, i cud be playin rs rite now  
Just re-watched &quot;We Feed the World.&quot; I'd forgotten some of the chilling systemic effects of our global food production. So disturbing. 
just rewateched goodbye gossip girl. wow now I feel nostalgic, i thought one tree hill was wierd for leaving highschool, now so is gg. 
Is bored and thinks my pre birthday outing could have gone better. Stupid boys have much making up to do 
Is Bored And Wondering When Things Are Going To Look Up, Driving Tests Are A Joke!  &lt;3
is bored as andre is playing on the wii 
is bored as hec 
Is bored as they actually come 
is bored at home  mmm what movie do i watch??
is bored at home and there's nothing on tv!! 
is bored at home revising!!  but its not too bad coz i am revising the lion king!!  hehe!
is bored at work! 
is bored has nothing to do  also is finding it strange having a whole in his tooth, well at least its painless
is bored in derry and wishes se was sunbathing at home 
is bored in photography. i forgot my memory stick 'cause i'm an absolute retard D: i wish you could download MSN at school 
is bored of revising  Somebody help me please!! hehe
is bored of the bad weather and hates having the cold 
is bored on another beautiful saturday 
is bored out of my mind doing homework 
Is bored out of my mind. Missing my boo 
is bored outta my mind.... my psp charger broke.... can't charge and play..... 
is bored poopless now that the plans for tonight have been canceled 
is bored ppl &amp; n cant get the dvd player 2 wk, i wana watch adventures on mimi 
is bored silly and i think i hav a cold :-              is bored silly...and i think i hav a cold 
is bored someone please help 
is bored still...ugh 
is bored to death, just flicking through tv channels, bugger all on. guess im not used to being in on an evening 
is bored to tears, work in six hours... 
is bored tonight 
is bored too @captainmeg I hate job hunting!!! Got nothing planned fr the entire day 
is bored with stitches 
is bored yet again and not goin to elysian now grrrrr! 
is bored yet again.... 
is bored! maybe i'll go to the mall or something! [but i dont have $$  ]
is bored, it's nothing on TV, and I can't think of anything else to do 
is bored, n lonely 
is bored, no xbox live for a whole day and work in the morning 
is bored, no-one else is following me on Twitter 
is bored.  cannot be boverd to revise :| wantss to go back to LA 
is bored. &amp; trying to revise for science exam but has given up allready 
is bored. and doesnt work til saturday 
is bored. grounded.  add meeh on myspace... http://bit.ly/708JJ
is bored. In town using some computer, forgot to post an update this morning, I'll update when I get back to my house tonight though. 
Just ripped my favorite pair of jeans.  Can this be a reason to go shopping?
just ripped one of my favorite shirts! 
Just roasted marshmellow's with my cousin! So,so fun! I burnt my finger though, what an outrage! 
Just rode about 14mi. on Little Blue Trace trail. Trail OK, mostly gravel w/some paved, but invisible mile markers &amp; NO H2O. 
just rode to the video shop with Paul...however it was shut...and will NEVER reopen 
Just rsalisdd going into. Coaching sesion a no brekkie 
just ruined a good suit... balls 
just ruined a surprise. 
Just ruined my very favorite minolos due to alcohol consumption.....NEVER AGAIN!!!!! 
Just run and took a shower.. No tired.. and thinking about.. damn Wensday school again.. 
just run over and broke one earring w. office chair   I liked them...
just said &quot;masturbating&quot; on the radio and feels yucky 
just said another goodbye... this is getting harder 
just said by to FoFo  wont see him for like 3 years! Have fun in New York FoFo
Just said bye to @brittbritt6! So sad she's leaving me! 
Just said bye to all my babies leaving for camp.    Realized how much i adore mr. ryan davis.
just said bye to him. forever. i'm bawling. regret not kissing him, at least we hugged like 10 times. i can still smell his cologne. 
Just said bye to Holl.   Not sure it ever gets easier.
just said bye to kitty. 
Just said bye to my boo boo! Awwwwh I'm gonna miss him...he's the best cuddle buddy for sleeping!!! 
just said bye to my nonna! shes going to Brazil for 2 months  im going to miss her
Just said bye to the kiddos for 2 weeks  headed for nyc, then London, Paris, brussels, amsterdam, then London again on the way home
just said good bye to her family until late july. 
just said goodbye to @bobbyearle and lindsay   i'll be seeing them again in sydney in a few hours, but sad their time here had to end!
Just said goodbye to @samsheff after Sunday dinner. I'm really going to miss him when he moves across the country 
Just said goodbye to a friend heading to Iraq.  If it's your sort of thing, please pray for his safe return.
just said goodbye to drew. breakfast was awkward. both started crying in bob evans and had to leave. tudors won out.  this stinks already 
Just said goodbye to Gill. Am sad now 
is bored. school tomorrow  twenty twenty gig on 9 th sep at abc2 
is bored... BUT ITS SUMMMER!!! the dance last night was amazing!!! i had so much fun... but noone asked me to dance during the slow songs 
is bored....guess I'll work 
IS BORED....twitter is sooo quiet today 
is bored...even going outside hasn't done the trick      also, needs to buy supplies
is bored@a club! :s yikes not a gud sign... i shd only go clubbing wiv my close friends 
is boreddd of revision 
is boreed....and not happy because im not allowed to go swimming 
is boreedd 
is boreeeeeedd! 
Is bound for TN early tomorrow...  Just wish it was under better circumstances...    ...but I will enjoy seeing old friends...  
is bout to go to Lenox and blow money i need to save....no self control 
is bout to watch the game and is missing someone 
is broken hearted 
Is Bryan's Twitter and YouTube Channel srsly hacked? 
is bugged to death.. 
is bummed  Chelsea Lately is a re-run. off to bed early, need to wake up REALLY early &amp; do 3 weeks of homework in 2 days...wish me luck
Is bummed about the rubbish weather on my day off  xxx
is bummed because the business cards didn't get here in time 
Is bummed he missed Jo, Mum and Dads call from Hawaii. 
is bummed his cash strapped situation has forced him to be grounded and not in brak 
Is bummed I can't see girl in a coma at Waterloo today. 
is bummed out  http://plurk.com/p/11j9b7
is bummed that he won't be able to go to San Francisco for his birthday next month... 
is bummed that her husband isn't here to spend the lazy day in bed with me 
Is bummed that she has missed the last 3 remnants! 
is bummed that you can't send pics or tether with the new iPhone 3.0 software. 
is bummed to hear about Farrah Fawcett. 
is bummed Toby Keith didn't win anything!!!! 
is bummed upon hearing that a friend of his will be moving out of CA.  Thankful for their friendship and openness. circumstances suck
is bummed, her vocal entry to win bon jovi tickets sucks at the first (rocks at the end)...and that's the only part ppl listen to 
is bummed. Another time I have been lied to. No one wants this. 
is bummed. i accidently glanced @ my ex frm a distance-only 2 see hes looking pretty good. Could he possibily have a date tonight? 
is bummed. i wanna see #familyforce5 sooo bad, parents are dumb. 
is bummed. Rain kept me from riding the Grizzly Peaks Century. Next week I need to ride 2-3 times to make up for it. 
is bummed...crocs.com sent me someone else's shoes...no Disney crocs for Disney...  http://plurk.com/p/129nec
is bummed...nearly 2 pm and the hubby is still at work...what a waste of a beautiful day 
is bummed..she'll sure miss Dougie 
Is burned and looks like a super red tomato. 
is burned to a crisp  and just got a cat!
is burnt from laying out today  relaxing and waiting for my love to arrive!
is busy busy today  and she is volunteering in AWARE tonight again.....
is busy text arguin wt her ex and wishes she knew were the hell she stood wit him  xxx
is busy with Fashion show stuff, l didnt realise how stresful building a simple catwalk would be  x
is butuh respoooooon nih!please dooong respon kekkkk  http://plurk.com/p/11b8fp
is calling quits for today. I can only review so much code at a time and be crushed by finding out I reviewed the wrong codebase 
is calmly + rationally PEEVED about the car that ran into the back of mine this afternoon. Oh the HASSLE of having to get it fixed 
is capeeeeee, masih latian  http://plurk.com/p/veqbk
is catching up on celebrity gossip bc I can't sleep 
is catching up with all my e-mails...have been neglecting my computer 
Is caught off guard, saddened, and confused by the actions of a close friend. Wondering if its due to alcohol?? Completely bewildered. 
Just said goodbye to Mason. 
Just said Goodbye to my best friend 
Just said goodbye to my family on the subway. My cousin was trying not to cry  i hope i can go visit in september
Just said goodbye to my friends. Won't see them for a month or so. 
just said goodbye to my little brother, he's going to Florida for a month 
Just said goodbye to my Mom-she's moving about 5000 miles away 
Just said goodbye to one of my BEST Friends, she's leaving NZ for over 2 months. Gonna miss her BIGTIME, I hope time goes quickly ! 
just said goodbye to the younger bro.  #misshimalready  
Just said goodbye to Todd.  i feel like I'm gonna die.
Just said goodbye to Tom. He is going away for a WHOLE YEAR. 
just said my goodbye to my mommy . attempting to occupy my mind so I won't cry 
Just sat in the cold waitin for the dog to come back. I was afraid something had happened she was gone so long. 
just saw &quot;the hangover&quot; w/jimmy...it was hilarious but the movie theater air made my cough &amp; cough &amp; cough 
Just saw 1 little and 1 huge stingray in foot-deep water off catseye beach at low tide. No turtles yet.  
Just saw 2 black cats 
Just saw 20 min of the Sweden-Italy game  but I have to sayof just the little I saw, it was our game to win!!! Olsson is the next Zlatan?
just saw a &quot;real&quot; heart-breaking scene.. 
Just saw a beautiful dog on 101 that was hit by a car.  ppl watch your pets!!! http://myloc.me/2WNU
is caving in...i need it. 
is celebrating national doughnut day with a big fat krispy kreme! i need it after realising i have failed maths  http://bit.ly/On2cyO
is checking her PH to see how balanced she is. You know, it's good to have balanced PH for optimum health! Too much acid in the body is  .
is cheesed off that her son has to be with grandma &amp; grandad on fathers day while his parents have to bloody work !   
is chiling in bed, and not looking forward to work tomorrow 
is chillen at home .. because i didnt go to wonderland...  so boreddd!
is chillen. wishes she was in nashville 
is chillen... thinking about where the hell is this damn David/Kelly video promised to us yesterday. No Chocolate Today 
is chillin at the house ! Getting ready to go to my bball game in a little bit ! I'm still super mad that i cant's play in my game ! 
is chillin in my dorm room. Last full weekend here... 
Just saw a bunch of OLs in the hallway...makes me miss it!! 
Just saw a commercial for Chuck E Cheeses. I haven't been there in years. 
Just saw a commercial for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Why can't it be July 15th already?  It looks amazing.
Just saw a dark burgundy Scion xB. That dark shade makes it look like a minivan because the shawdows of the lines and curves are lost. 
Just saw a dead sea turtle on the beach. It rained last night so the waves brought the body 
just saw a deer crash into a windshield right in front of us. pretty graphic and shocking. everyone is ok ... except the deer 
just saw a disgusting video in biology and i nearly convulsed... 
just saw a funeral wake service turn ugly. It is a fallen world after all. No surprises there. Sobering to see what family members can do 
Just saw a girl in Penn Station who looked EXACTLY like Verron. Was very disappointed it wasn't. I miss her really hard. 
Just saw a girl with a coco crisp shirt just like mine 
Just saw a graphic and close up YouTube clip of a Iranian protester bleeding to death 
just saw a housing app for someone born in 1992... yes, they are in college now.... we may all commence with feeling old now. 
Just saw a KFC advert on the TV and I really fancy it, I'm so fat  I've put on wait according to Wii Fit as well. I need to do that more.
Just saw a little lab puppy in a commercial, and now I want Nicholas Crimson Christmas Howell back! 
just saw a load of pissed off Everton &amp; Chelsea fans as can't get the FA cup final in our hotel  anyone found it online?
Just saw a man in &quot;bad touch pants&quot; at a NM truck stop. I couldn't believe what I was seeing and therefore didn't get a pic  #tourreyes
Just saw a melting ice cream cone on the floor. It looks so sad! 
Just saw a really hot guy. Omg. Too bad he is 18. 
Just saw a teaser vid 2 NFS Shift: It's gonna be crap and EA are necrophile bastards raping the corpse of an former good game 
Just saw a trailer for Batman Arkham Asylum and you can play as the Joker. But that's only PS3 exclusive. Damn  That hurt.
Just saw a VW bus. I miss LOST!  
just saw an @missjeffreestar shirt at plato's closet....but it wasn't in my size 
just saw an amazing production of Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens...now off to Stonehenge &amp; Bath tomorrow. Leaving London on Sunday 
Just saw an old lady trip and fall in the rain and her nose is bleeding. The poor woman looked so sad 
Just saw Angela!!!! OMGosh!!! I missed her!! She's leaving Blue.....I'm sad 
Just saw BarackStar eat five guys burgers and not I'm in ultra thirsty mode to get one 
Just saw bunch of ducklings get hit. 
just saw claire off to houston  i won't see her for 2 weeks! now finishing getting packed, gotta be ready by 1 to leave at 2!
just saw Drag me to Hell.... disappointed 
Just saw essa's recent twitpic. Friday, I miss you 
just saw Fridah Kahlo's &quot;self portrait with thorn necklace and hummingbird&quot; @ the Ransom Center...couldn't take pics  its amazing.
just saw grand torino 
Just saw grand torino..&quot;Uved it, but saddd 
Just saw half the RRO staff walk by...sadly I didn't see @legmar or @mtacheme 
just saw 'him' - my first love, for the first time in 3 years and boy do i miss him! 
just saw his #tweetcoding only boil down to 340 characters 
Just saw interview with families of 2 American journalists being held in Korea on Today Show. So sad  can't imagine if that was my family
Is chillin with the 'fun size' friends til a little before lunch, then Amy goes to Denton, and Ashley goes to Milli's and I head to work 
Is chillin, having nothing to do on a saterday night!! 
is chilling because i'm tired and have to work tonight 
is chilling going to get ready for work inabit tho 
is chilling in London with friends.  Weather reminds me of Melbourne.  I kinda miss home 
is chilling... would rather be out though but too tired 
is chopping up the Sizzla accapella, which is soooo much fun 
is church, celebrating matthew's baptism. then studying for the math b. till i die. ugh. 
is Cinderella, get this, do that, actually do EVERYTHING! 
Is cleaning 
is cleaning  wishing she could raise the rest of the money she needs for her wedding dress..
is cleaning Ed's room to bring him back to HARK....poor Ed 
is cleaning her house and not wanting to go to work. I wanna go shopping with my ma. Its not fun being an adult. 
is cleaning house...  http://tinyurl.com/cezk4p
is cleaning...hooray. and her knee is KILLING. 
Is climbing down off his high horse now.  Poor thing... rode hard and put away wet.  #fb
is closing tonight.... booooooo 
is coding a new band myspace layout, fun 
is cold and bored... 
is cold and its raining 
is cold because this house is NEVER warm!!! 
is COLD, hate stupid air conditioning 
is cold, still has a headache and now has no hot water  Sigh...
is cold.  
Just saw it good lookin out! Lol 2 bad I don't have kids 
Just saw KG  lil miss couldn't wait 4 me hey she's 3! On lonely 52 back to K-town... It's been 2yrs and u don't c all friends daily bu ...
Just saw lawless like bumped into him!!!! Saw rest of band too but no pics 
Just saw lightening strike while on my way to work... I'm afraid of those things 
Just saw Marley and Me.. really cute movie but sad 
Just saw most breathtaking patterns in sunrise, jumped and rushed to window to take pic, but couldn't get a good one fast enough 
Just saw mustafa's brother working at the cerritos maaalll haha. He didn't recognize me 
Just saw my flooded car for the first time I want to throw up I'm so upset 
just saw my love, i miss him so much. 
Just saw new Avatar: The Last Airbender teaser trailer...there is no way this will be anything other than TRAGIC *sob*  #racefail #avatar
Just saw Night @ the Museum 2.. thought it was pretty gud 4 a sequel. My tummy hurts + I feel sick  not much sympathy going around.. bah!
Just saw NKOTB but i wish i was at tremblant watching @samrobertsband !!! 
just saw NOTORIOUS BIG MOVIE!  so sad..
Just saw pbs show on sandwiches in US. Now jonsing for lobster roll in Maine, cheesesteak in philly, briskit in NYC-have 2 settle 4 taco 
just saw people bringing a casket into a church 
just saw possible GH5 final band list, no frigging slipknot still=GAY, scars  on broadway and nirvana, not enough to justify purchase 
just saw Rubens trending, don't be confused art people - apparently he is a racing driver   - (does he like size 0 as well?)
Just saw rubio's interveiw on @sacramentokings website. He don't look Xited about possibility of playin here 
Just saw Safin lose most probably his last ever Wimbledon match...sad   
is comfort eating... not good 
is coming back from LA tomorrow.  Boooooo. 
is coming down with a cold  .
is coming down with a cold. Please tell me how to get rid of it before it gets worse.  http://plurk.com/p/xvc99
is coming down with a sore throat and very sad. 
is coming home for the summer in 3 weeks. Really wish QMU was in norwich 
Is commin home from the lake then finish packing 
is complete for the night, gotta get up early in the morning for work! 
Is completely destroyed cuz she missed @joeymcintyre's tweets earlier 
Is completely overwhelmed. Whatever. 
is concerned that the new formula Piz Buin smells of cheap aftershave 
is Condom shopping at CVS. *sigh* I haven't had to do this in 7 years. Shit is confusing. 
is confused &amp; sad. oh no here comes the &quot;sweets&quot;, to cheer me up 
is confused and lost in thought.. 
is confused and stressed and a wee bit upset at the moment.  Needs a really long vacation.
Is confused as to why my bf is not talking to me  what did I do? Is it bc I lost my phone and couldn't contact ANYONE? If so.. Get over it
is confused by Mr.Tweet 
is confused how it works  x
is confused with flash  i need to link all my animations with buttons to each other, BAHHHH!!
is confused, upset nd hurting really bad 
