little disappointed in my fav singer Bon Jovi - won't play for NJ Nat'l Guard homecoming  but will play for Corzine campaign rally
little kid froim our school got arrested 
little known fact: @blinktwice4y stole me from taylor swift. taylor, you belong with meee-eeee 
little man across the way is eagerly bobbing away to his headphones... Stop it! you're not cool 
Little man seems to be having a rough nite.... perhaps a bug?  Doesn't look like mama will get much sleep *sigh* My poor little baby 
Little man was up all night - I am exhausted. Miss E has determined that mom is not cool to kiss on the way to daycare anymore 
Little Mel not so good!! 
little miss peed on me 
little monkey was jumping on the bed...now we're at the ER to see if her  arm is broken. 
Little Monster is in the bath now but he's off to bed soon. A short WoW session and then bed for us too! Am expecting another 5.30 start 
Little one got her first bike today! The sad news is, it's too hot right now for the girls to go outside and ride together. 
little one is sporting his first two molars. two at once!  no wonder he was grouchy. tonight's a little easier than last, so far.
little pit bulls, cocaine and guns. thanks california  i think i will stick with eggs n bacon.
little rain yesterday...doesn't help the heat or the humidity!! 
Little sad that 93x is now ESPN radio! 
little shammy is sick...  i wish our baby sister will be get better tomorrow
Little Shandre is overseas 
Little sister dropped a laptop on kaedyns head Omg  she barely even cried. Whatta beast
Little sleepy now. Stayed up last night watching chick flicks with my roomie! Oh, and spying on H in the library as well. Still cute 
little smokey noreful to help calm my nerves still going to be late 
Little sunny, yay! but cloudy day. Increasing to rainy period overnight 
Liv  closed 
Livallan offered to pay for a year of my WoW.  I should have let him.
Live 8 is not cooperating with my monome.  Time to update Live. Here goes another 1.32 Gb download.
Live football! On my telly! For free! On ITV 
LIVE FROM NEW YORK youre not on your game SNL.  . fuck lol
live messenger please stop crashing 
live search to #bing broke cashbackr.com 
live stream sucks 
Live streaming is killing my phone battery 
Live swing band and no girls to dance with! 
Live tweet streaming on #Sytycd .. I miss Dena and Lisa 
livejournal seems dead today. 
Livejournal seems to be down  I can't be distracted for editing my essay ^^ NO it's back!  MM
livenation knows how to ruin my day 
Liverpool Echo liveblog is saying N. West results Conservatives three, Labour two, Lib Dems 1, UKIP 1, and BNP 1 Not good at all. 
Liverpool tmrw. Mum's not letting me take the 350D. 
Lives vicariously through Triple J recorded live music. I miss going to gigs 
Livin on ur own iznt nice at all. I miss my mum 
living a hard situation  so sad
living a little early and going to the foot doctor... hope they let me keep it 
Living here is SO cool. Already halfway through my time in Israel/ Palestine! 
living in a jungle,can't find the original  ? http://blip.fm/~4jssu
living in a lonely world  ? http://blip.fm/~7ccru
living in a screwed up love triangle 
living in the Norwich in the UK has taught me there is no room in this world for me i would love to have been accepted 
living my life!!!! yet i miss saying FAIL randomly with my boos 
living off ramen and strawberry pop tarts.  
Living on my own in 21 days!  In suchhh a party mood. too bad I can't go out. Sucks. 
living on sudifed and motrin  stupid cold..
Living on the edge right now 
Living room no longer habitable since the dog farted 
living vicariously through smu interns makes me feel poor 
liz just left  aww it was so good to see her.
Liz's laptop has just been stolen 
Lj is timing out when I try and reach the site... Yet lj status says all is good! And the link to get to support. Tries to take you to lj 
Llueve... 
lm so tired slept awful  another busy day ahead as well. Looking fwd to my evening with my boys xx
lmao &quot;that's my biiiiiitch&quot; @sheistheb wish I was there 
LMAO @ khanish. &quot;That girl is brainless, how is she mad at u again??&quot; Lmaoo. Idk  I just be chillen!!!
lmao @ my roomate. to silly to explain. Just know you'd be loling as well. Work sucked. What do I want to do tonight? 
LMAO @ the crazy @britneyspears fan that jumped on stage but DEATH @ her screaming and the mic not even being on.  @ all who paid to go.
Lmao @angelayee: Today seemed like a great day, until I got a chain email that warned if I deleted it I could die  Pls don't send me those
lmao @JMAC777 nah... all ya'll cool tweeps, it definitely would not b worth it if fam started droppin like flies 
lmao at them cav fans. sad face 
lmao http://www.tweetmeblack.com/ black people get their own twitter. 
lmao i don't get this twitter stuff. going to work soon  i love you savannah!
lmao i put my nose rinq in too tiqht and i cant take it off ! uqh sometimes im a fuckin retard ! i need help  .. quess im qoin to da ER.
lmao it wont upload my avatar  #CitiesXL
Lmao my liver is broken I think maybe OWW 
lmao my mum just asked me what i thought of her new top i told her it was hidious cause it is, and she in a huff now 
Lmao show off but but i need your help picking out a picture  for my pic for twitter
Lmao swimming! And abbi stopped texting me 
Lmao thats wack!!! Im at work 
LMAO WHO WUD HAVE THOUGHT Jay-Z would put an end to it  but i was jus bout ta record a song with it wud jay-z hate me if i still did it?
Lmao why the hell  is will.I.am in xmen wolverine??? I wish I didn't get the leak version I see strings and unfinished effects 
LMAO! I know the ones over by Nimitz are considerate. I always want to take them something to eat but always chicken out. 
LMAO!!! @___DJW___    awwwww im sorry  @Shaunalin ill spell it right next time 
LMAO, JAYMAYYYY, I need you. 
LMAO, poor guy is screaming his heart out with enthusiasm but his mic isn't working lol. 
lmao, why when i want to go on urbandictionary, do i type in urbanoutfitters, it happens ALL the time. 
LMAO... @Mr_GoodMorning chif-fen??? she stay mackin...i look up to my big sis...i miss yall lol 
lmao...ya'll are ruthless!!! .....Poor Diddy  .............................................(SIKE!!!!!)
lmaoo . @naylovely .  . stop frontinn on da kidd ( in the words of jordan) lmaoooo . too funny
Lmaooo damn it. I saw ur tweet after I posted the rain comment  @Cr0ssList
LMAOOO studying Shakespeare brings back good memories from English class..if only I hadn't let time pass me by since then! 
Lmaooooooo @MissPrecious2    SUPPEERRR sad face  The truth hurts..
LMFAO at Dave Chapelle playing Diddy on the Chapelle Show... I just died and came back for MTB 2! OMGosh... too funny. I miss MTB2 tho 
lmfao.. I just called him &quot;homie&quot; I don't blame him if he doesn't reply... 
Is trying to keep his head above water. Legos 
is trying to learn biology, but is way to tired to actually record something... 
is trying to make sense of some random data, how difficult is getting proper data 
is trying to meet the deadline for my dissertation~~nerve-racking 
is trying to memorize her english assessment for tomorrow. 
is trying to remember what happened back in the interaction. friend with the hard to spell french name help meeee! 
is trying to revise  xx
is trying to save the Sparks the Resue cd on this computer but, since the computer is completely dumb, she can't!! 
is trying to sleep but has this uncomfortable feeling that wont let me 
is trying to stay awake after being up all night feeling ill 
is trying to study   whilst all my homies are out clubbing... wwaaa tear tear waaaa
is trying to study geography, but too sleepyy. Its 4 a.m... I'll never be able to finish this stuff... 
is trying to think of better things to tweet about, but can't come up with anything. 
is trying to unfollow some people but it won't let me 
Is trying to upload photos from last night but its not working 
is trying to upload photos on FB, but it keeps failing  http://plurk.com/p/x4cdv
is trying to watch the New Moon trailer but it is taking ages to load 
is trying to work the Wireless on the laptop so I can enable cookies. It's annoying me. I can't get onto Facebook or THIS! 
is trying to work, my head is killing me.  definitely feeling under the weather. 
is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes 
is tryna have some fun 2nite but all da homies are out of town 
Is tucked up in her very comfy double bed and wishes the puppy would stop whining 
is tut tutting at way too stoned to be trusted Promoters! Shocking dereliction of duty 
Is Tweetie for the iPhone broken? It only displays one tweet per trending topic 
is tweeting from Windows Mobile - it's interesting to note how expensive the apps can be when you compare to the App Store 
lmfaoooo @truidentity leave me wats the website for the rings 
lo hope you are better....I am tired and need sleep....much to do before then.....  
Load of laundry... Gonna go to sleep then pack in the morning. 
Loaded the last ep of 24 to watch. It stopped loading completely at halfway. I waited all that time... and now I have to load it again 
Loaded with heavy work. Need to complete by EOD/COB 
loads of birthday presents arrived today... agh  can't open them yet.. dunno if we're taking them to america or not.
loads of coursework to be done  watching judge judy :-P
loads of my family are sick not from flu or anything but so worried bout them so depressed  everyones so upset
Loads to do - chores, paperwork and prep for next Saturday - but giving in to headache and going back to bed. 
LO-BALL. oh fux. Busy day today. 
Lobster dinner with MBA folks tonight, but no terasse, pouring rain in Mtl... 
Lobster found a home today  4 more kittens left. anyone want one? i miss him bad. but on a positive note... JOSH IS COMING TO CT FRIDAY!!!
Local beauty spot 
Local channel cut it last nite!  BOO!  HISS HISS!  
local parks are full of fun.  today i slid on a slide and climbed on a climbing frame.  not often i get to do that!  i fell over twice. 
Local/Euro election misery! 
locked both sets of keys in the new car yesterday afternoon 
Locked in a room. Alone. Cant go outside without looking retarded and they dont have E4 so i cant watch friends 
Locked my keys in my car   waiting for roommate to get home.
locked my keys in my car because im retarded....first time EVER and its too early to call anyone.  what a crappy starting day 
Locked my keys in my car. Walking home from Raleys. It's starting to rain. 
Locked my keys in the car again 
Locked myself out without car keys... Sorry M for the early wake up call 
Locked out 
Locked out my house 
Locked out of my office (I think I lost my key) &amp; late for a call. Not the best way to start a day  #fb
locked out of my outlook account for the 3rd time in 3 days 
Locked out of my own house.. No one's home and i dont hv the key right now... 
Locked out of the computer system at work for some unknown reason 
Locked out of the flat... Have a crap load of work to do... 
Locked out the house, driving around forced to eat this pint of ice cream I just bought!! 
Locked outside my apt in the blistering cold 
Locked outta my grandmums 
locked outta my house 
locked outttt of my hoousee w. rico, dima &amp;kris,waiting for mama to get home 
locking up the office - last one here - again 
lode vs flash , damn i am losing time  valuable time
Log ride got us wet just enough to be mildly irritating. Now I'm cold. 
Logged into XM ONline to see account deactivated. Called to see what up, they're doing upgrades now causing the false message, but no R&amp;F 
Logged on and found my skill has decreased to a 4 from my bad day yesterday 
Loggin off big storm coming, I hate storms  Please no lightening!
logging off in 10mins ladies, hub still hanging about so can't watch dirty dancing vid  But me a happy-bunny cos JK responded to us !!
logging off in 30 mins 
logging on for the day...Outlook is taking an eternity to open this morning 
Logging onto this site for the first time because my Mother made me. 
logies was shocking very bad hosting by gretel 
Logitech? They're kicking us out of the office 
Loki doesn't like trips to the vets  http://twitpic.com/556s7
lol   again without me   $TA$HA$
Lol   enjoys reading kevins posts. But also wishes i could stay home 
LOL  @nottidread04 U DONT HAVE FOLLOWERS B/C UR NEVER ON!!!... BUT UMM IM STILL SAD ABOUT THE PETA MOVIE......  DONT EAT MEAT PEOPLE!!! JK
LOL  I am too but sad thing is that I can't find my cube 
LOL - Side job start but YUCK... This one is kind of Ugly 
lol @ &quot;Tony's&quot; being above &quot;Tonys&quot; on the trending topics.  Man, people.
Lol @bunnypwny told u i wouldn't forget to turn it back on lol but shit my dad didn't leave me money for cig's 
lol @buyselldomains but unfortunately it is true  i get more attention from my dogs and their iq aint all that big... at least they listen
lol @fancyunheard i wanna go 2 da pool 
LOL @frankierue and @ last night!!! woooooooooow. i am horrible 
lol @HauteFuss cant now I aint home. when i am home you no on 
LOL @JessiDavis_ Well from like 8pm til 5 this morning... Then I needed some Diet Coke to kill the h.o. 
lol @JoshuaNim don't be, Entenmann's totally phucced up my recipe w/ this new sh!t they put out... I need some milk 
lol @lazeandroyal I toll you I wanted philly cheese ! n u left 
lol @missnic03 just a friend. not a date  lol
lol @rachelmcadams_ ignores my tweets!  lol i must have the stalker profile!
lol @ShannynB 's EpicFail Herb Garden..... 
Lol @TheProp8Comics. But.. &quot;Gays and Staights Unite&quot;? I feel left out. 
Lol aawww thanks @iamdala i dunno how to change it  *soo sad* trust i thought  about that i was like nn0o0o must change but i duno how 
lol and dont send me stuff  please?
LOL at mr Sinclair the natzi. ahaaaaa. and house wasn't on tonight 
Lol at the scary hookers  and :S
lol banned from OT 
Lol bens watching colber funny ear guy 
LOL Bunnies! Is in deperate need of a photoshop profesional!!! 
Lol coolio @KrystalCogdill :o its hot today  me put up a pic of my niece. Check it
Lol damn! U stay playing me  @butterflyylost
lol everyone at school thinks that Twitter is gay    
lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself 
lol french!fb just changed wall from 'babillard' to 'mur'. I prefere babbilard 
LOL funny thing happen to me this morning, i was on my way to school on public transit, and i threw up my food from last night 
Lol graduation requirement  i wanted to avoid it
Lol I am unfortunately! 
lol i cain't keep up with this...been away and i missed out on ashton and demi getting the 1,000,000 followers 
lol i didn't realize that game was gonna fuck me over like that. lol.  scaryyyy berryyyyy.
Lol i dont want to talk about guys. They just hurt you. And they don't even care. 
Lol I ended up not baking onli cuz I'm watchn wat I eat 
Lol I have like 50 
LOL I haven't twittered much in the last few days 
LOL I hope that this isn't really DL HQ or I'll be sadums  http://yfrog.com/15zp0j
lol I just sent it 
Lol i kno bby i wont c u till 1030  @jboomboompow
Lol I miss everyone! These next 5 days are definatly going to be tough 
lol i miss u! u never come on PW even to chat  i miss my smileys already
lol i still get all excited when somebody legit @replies me. ps one year ago i was seeing etoc/the almost 
lol i wanna but gotta work sat n sunday  did john bonner switch classes?
lol i will forever miss you VALENTINE 69 
lol i wont 
lol I'm gonna miss having my fast internet this summer 
lol im still up for some reason cant sleep lol goodnight going back to bed 11:52 ewwww school night D;  &gt;.&lt;
lol im supposed to be studying for my English exam a long time ago i always say I will then i don't till very late  @shanedawson plz help
Lol it sucks  i miss you!
LOL just as I say that SA get 2 penalties and open up a lead BUT Lions have crossed try line 3 times, shame only 1 counted 
lol letdown  hahaha, i was hoping something bad would happen :p
is twerking by herself for 2 hours... 
Is twitter broken again? The API returns (very) stale data 
is twitter down for maintenance every week? 
Is Twitter on a 'go slow' again?  I can only see MY messages 
Is twittering while I'm locked out if my house, waiting for my roommates to come rescue me 
is uber-ill and had to sit through four hours of corporate propaganda which labelled me a terrorist. I need hugs and Calpol 
is ugh . . . BAD. he's shitty.  he made my besties mad at me !
is ugh monday. I want to rewind and get back on the cruise ship with Chris 
Is ugly 
is uh gonna fail math exam today? yuuuuuuuup 
is unable to log in to facebook 
is unable to open eyes 
is unable to re-focus on studying 
is unable to upload her photo 
is unfortunately going to miss out on watching Barcelona versus Chelsea. 
is unfortunatly up, awake an ready to go to work  some1 please rewind the nite, i need a few more hours x
is unhappy  need to lose the weight i put on and get on wit my life!
is unhappy ...unhappy ...unhappy ...never met that kind of selfish man 
is unhappy about having an $1100 repair to the van so its drivable.  Bye, Lendrum. The money from my louet is going to the repair fund. 
is unhappy with his picture.....cant find one 
is unsure on what to do and just hopes someone is well and donts hurt them self 
is up  wanted more sleep! Oh well, work tonight for sure. Feeling ok today, but definitely not normal. :/
is up again... I soooo need to go to bed earlier tonight... I'll be in need of coffeine asap 
Is up already, time to get ready for work 
Lol lol you maybe but not me  lol   {nucleus+nutrients+love}= Nicole
Lol mean head ache and tired from the bootcamp earlier... But cant sleep 
lol mee t0oo;; im bout to study for a lil for finals then idk 
LOL missin NYC boys jean swagg  Nel jus 2nd tht notion. I like em fitted,  low, and expensive. (with boxer briefs) imma b in a man drought
lol my chair just broke :/ it hurt  lol funny tho! ive been saying a need a new chair for weeks but has any1 got me a new one ? NO! lol
lol my miss bimbo diedd 
lol my phone battery is almost dead too  conclusion: Batteries hate me
Lol my sister's bf is driving... And we're  screaming *looks for a bucket*... Ps: I don't wanna go 
lol nearly got cheated by the old woman at the till today at the charity shop, i mean come on..30 p difference  x
lol no one likes me anymore   had 19 followers now 8... how depressing
lol no problem @berger829. Sorry you lost your phone.. LAME 
lol not enough RAM and Graphic Card. thanks for buying so-business-like-compatible laptop, dad 
lol nvm. i didnt actually see it, cuz my parents were going in the Smart Car which only holds two people 
lol oh dear, why am i jealous? i don't even like him?! oh my 
lol oh i mad a u @kevindavis1914 i didn't get crushed!!  lol ... i think i'll just be a heathen today
Lol ok ok dank is NOT the equivalent of drank. Fuck 
LOL OMFG big bang - lies ..  stuck in my head .. &quot;im so sorry but i love you .. something something korean?&quot; LOL ..
Lol omg! Really?! Tonight is NOT the night to come see &quot;LOVE&quot; we have yet ANOTHER pause 
is up and awake  but has a busy day ahead of her (tan, buy make-up, paint her nails, and pack) all b4 i leave 4 the beach this afternoon
is up and getting ready for her last exam at college...shittin it lol. Dying of hayfever  ahh! Finish @ 11 though yaay!
Is up and I can't go to sleep! 
is up and is very ill.rather paralised.can hardly do a thing. i reali need a cuddle 
is up and its raining 
is up and not impressed with the weather  x
Is up and on the bus on the way to school... Really cba to go  x
Is up and packing... Back to Florida I go (:  
Is up and ready 2 leave..........wait she gotta have breakfast!  :-S
is up and ready for work... gutted i missed the gig last nite.... ah well! 
is up and ready to go! too bad everyone else is still snoring like bears in hibernation 
is up at 5:42am and is still scared to go in my room 
is up at 8 in the morning..enough said.. 
is up at ridiculous o'clock to spend the day in the library! 
is up at the school wishing i had made it here sooner..o well im back on my way home now  (womp womp womP)
is up at this hour and she isn't even working today 
Is up because he cannot sleep again. 1130p sleep time... 3am wake time 
is up before i should be again, why cant i sleeeep 
is up but would love to go back to sleepp 
is up 'cause Marley decided it was time to &quot;do the doo&quot; ... He goes back to sleep much more easily than do I! 
is up cuz my baby is not feeling well 
is up early! and ready to get cracking!....but on what?? bored already!  HELP!!
is up early, couldn't sleep, feeling the monday blues  ... need a change in the routine.
Is up far too early 
is up far too early and is far too organised for a Sunday ... must be the 'back to work' mode soon kicking in 
Is up for my 8 o clock class 
Is up for skl 
Is up for the day... Bummer of a day so far... 
is up for work but hasn't had enough sleep! 
Is up in London and has been for 4days. Mega ill 
is up REALLY early (:  http://plurk.com/p/12j9d4
Is up really really early... And doesn't know why... 
is up w/ v fussy baby 
Is up way to early  fml
is up way too early 
Is up way too early  ... Got fire training today, learning how to use a fire extinguisher. Surely you just point and squeeze :p
is up way too early and not able to get back to sleep.  Too bad the gym doesn't open for another hour 
is up way too early for a Sunday morning 
is up way too earlyyy          191
Is up WAY too late again. 
is up with Sarah with a sick baby. Poor girl. 
is up working...how did I find my way back to this desk? GOSH!.....I never did get my bag of chinese noodles 
is up, after not dleeping well 
is up, gng get ready n haf macs breakfast with awai &amp; shikin. IM SLEEEEPPYY. 
is up, thinking what to do. So in halwa puri mood right now, but not going 
is up, to watch the cup final...its 7am 
is up. throat hurtin from fa Ciggy smoke but il b ok. headed to work n a min 
Is up.... Too early.... God damn the blackberry alarm - its a SATURDAYYYYYYYY!!! 
Is up...............I can't sleep wish someone was here to put me to sleep! 
is up...later than anticipated but i had a scawee dream 
is up..feeling sad since last night  http://plurk.com/p/xq9by
is up..I an sore and sluggish..Magenta just cried for me to not put her on e-bay I guess she is feeling unloved  give her some love ppl!
is upset about India's exit in T20 world cup 
is upset about missing the vixens game. I also might not be able to the game next monday 
is upset and sad 
is upset because it doesnt look like im gunna reach 100 followers by the end of the day  lol
is upset because The Sims 3 crashed on him  http://plurk.com/p/xzgx5
Is upset cause no one wants to come to see new Terminator 4 with me 
is upset cos her feet are sunburnt from wearing sandles now she has a funny pattern on her feet  xxxxx
is upset for the rain on the weekend! Good thing I have lots of homework and housework 
is upset she couldnt get her nails done coz the nails parlour was full! 
Is upset she missed Laura's wedding as she is feeling so poorly 
Is upset that cedar point got rained out  -Lexie-
is upset that even though she has so few follows, she has to block most of them as they are just wierd people with lots of adverts. 
is upset that he can't update his Facebook by texting it... and might cry as a result  School today also. Blah!
Is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight 
Is upset that her Megaupload Preminium account finishes in an hour and a half   Must get Ghost Hunters done before it finishes
is upset that I do not have to write a research paper  Just research proposal. I really wanted to write a paper
is upset that she cant find a pair of sexy cut-out sandal boots anywhere 
Is upset that she couldn't find &quot;Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster&quot; on Twitter to follow 
is upset with her motormouth neighbors.  http://plurk.com/p/11iake
is upset, I left my phone at home again 
is upset. NineWest, you disappoint me 
is using SmartBro! 
is using the very slow internet on her DSi.  Facebook still doesn`t work 
is v concerned about someone 
is vampire blood sposed to be like ecstasy ? lol nevermind it seems like no1 watches trueblood but me 
is very angrrry! my FB account just got deleted- WTF??? all my poems I have ever written are on there 
is very angry and disturbed by the recent news! 
is very ashamed of south oxhey. also want the rain to stoppp 
is very beat from first day of work 
is very bored at home 
Is very bored because she has no lifee! 
is very bored in a wedding thing  but
is very bored in work 
is very bored with nothing to do! 
is very bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is Very Boreddddddd  x
is very bummed that NKOTB just cancelled aus tour.. I was so very excited!! And now I am so very sad 
is VERY busy today.. darn. 
is very cold 
is very cold here 
is very cold. 
Is very confused as to what I said wrong? The amiable gentleman must not be very amiable after all 
is very confused planning all the meetup sessions for projectwork 
Is very deep and hurt i told a friend about something i hated and yet they continued to do it i think im gonna go and cry myself to sleep 
is very disapointed in Jon &amp; Kate... 
is very disappointed with the quality of that nectarine 
Is very disoriented+2hoursleep+7hourshift in about an hour = 
Is very glad it's Friday, but has so much work to do at home and is feeling overwhelmed 
is very hurt by a friend... Well someone whos supposed to be 
is very ill 
is very mad twitter won't let me uplode my pic.... 
is very much awake and wishes that she were very much asleep 
is very much saddned by all the jon and kate stuff... 
is very nervous 
is very sad   she just deleted all the comments she wanted to keep and not the ones she didn't  needs somthing to chear me up !
Is very sad  im tired of everything
Is very sad because of low retention rate, it will be late for me to open english classes...while I already prepare evrything 
is very sad because she can't be with her Mom during this sad time 
is very sad that an aboriginal man died of swine flu in adelaide today. close the gap, anyone?? 
is very sad that it is week 10 
Is very sad today 
IS VERY SAD!!!! I JUST HAD A FIGHT WITH THE HUBBY!!!!!!! IM SO SAD............ 
is very sad. I don't know why I bother. I always end up hurting SOMEONE. Dosen't matter how hard I try to please someone, always. 
is very skeptic about it.. 
is very sore after havin her apendix out!  x
is very sore this morning  but feel great because of the accomplishment! #robie #robiecreek
is very stressed out today 
is very tempted to go swimming at Tony's mom &amp; dad's today.  Too bad I have a little cold 
is very tired and fed up 
is very tired and weeepy 
is very tired but is off to hand in essay then to York for the last time in a month 
is very tired indeed 
is very tired, long day yesterday. Only today and half day tomorrow to get through then its the weekend! Where I'm working right through 
Is very tired. Gig an hour away + waking up at 8am is not very fun. 
is very tired. no rest. 
is very upset 
is very upset that he lost the ability to follow the NBA finals when Comast took away his free cable... 
is very upset to see carys and donna go today    miss you both hugely already!!! (Yes ok its only been like 3 hours) haaa..waaaah
Is very very bored waiting around at court 
is very very frustrated 
is very very sad she isn't going to see muse   on the other hand i need to go out more often you know more about me than i do!
is very very sorry that i can't come to rain's party.. sorry talaga @lengiel  http://plurk.com/p/13t0c5
is very very tired, but has to study all day 
is very very VERY bored! 
is very very very tired 
is very very very tired [n] i have no reason to get up at this ridiculous time of 11 o'clock of my last saturday music centre morning off 
Is very worried about her little (still) lost kitty. 
is very worried.  http://plurk.com/p/yvtkk
is very, very sad &amp; dosen't know what to do anymore 
is very, VERY tired  . . .yet, still looking forward to spending my saturday with mumsy!! 
is very, very tired. Guys, I need sleep. 
is WAAAAAAAY too bored and going to pass out. i need you back up here! missing you 
is waitin for fb !!! 
is waiting by the glory hole.  nobody is here yet. 
Is waiting downstairs for the driver 
is waiting endlessly for bejeweled to be fixed........... my nites are not the same without it,,,,,,,,,, 
Is waiting for a parcel. Where is my parcel UPS? It was supposed to be here this morning 
is waiting for dance practice. I really don't feel like going tonight 
is waiting for George Shrinks to be over so the munchkins can be sent to bed!  *yawns* I still have 6 loads of laundry to fold.  
is waiting for her second set of keys.  Gotta love Toyota's 'smart key' system. 
Is waiting for his heart to calm down after watching cassie almost collapse. 
is waiting for lunch to be cooked. it's past 1 na... 
is waiting for lunch to come back 
Is waiting for mcqueen to finish work while he watches his mckakis abandon him to watch Transformers  - http://tweet.sg
Is waiting For someone to come open the door. So I can actually do the job. Fun times. My hairs getting wet  twill get all curly in a bit.
Is waiting for sumone to come online 
is waiting for the effort.... maybe it's not coming 
is waiting for the hair fair to start  I probably won't be able to get in at all anyway http://plurk.com/p/12czzr
is waiting for the meal 
is waiting for the telly man to turn up 
Is waiting in a freakin long line at the redbox at walgeeens  darn those dollar movies! I wish I was the only one who knew about them hehe
is waiting in for UPS 
is waiting in Luton to leave.. I'll miss London town..  ps. YouTube's Miranda + guests in concert was halarious!! X
Is waiting in the airport. Delayed 2 hrs 
Is waiting to get off work so I can go to bed, gotta be back at work at 3 
is waiting up for beck to come home - she's forgotten her keys again 
is waiting, waiting... WAITING. *Sigh* waiting Sucks 
is waking up and it is only 5am 
Is waking up to another Monday 
is waking up to clouds and no sunshine  boo!
is waking up with Ann and Gene many times this morning...don't wanna get up i guess...off to school soon 
Is waking up!!! Busy busy day!!!! Dr at 3:20 and picking up Megan from the airport at 4!!!! Trying to get rid of my stupid tummy ache 
is waking up, didn't sleep enoughâ€¦bad thinking and throat pain 
is wandering in Suan Lum Night, waiting for friends to come.. So sttarving 
Is wanting an Iphone and a laptop and everything i cant afford  lol
Is wanting more people to add her because she doesn't have any friends on Twitter 
Is wanting Quesnel back 
Is wanting some pasta...too bad hubby is working 
is wanting to  be out in the sun again today not stuck in work 
Is wanting to curl up into a little ball and sleep the pains away!!! 
is wanting to do somethin but doesnt know wot my go the park at work at 2 
is wanting to get some dinner with Kelley. 
is wanting to go out in the sun 
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe I will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out 
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe I will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out  oh - and has no friends 
is wanting to relax but gotta clean my house 
is wanting to talk to the boyfriend. 
is wasting away the bank holiday 
lol selling an addictive item legally is the easiest way to make money..i feel like a true American business man now..greedy and selfish 
lol so my phone is now dead and gone forever 
lol so u dont only txt in my ear U do it to everybody lol I DONT FEEL BAD ANYMORE =} however thats still wrong 
lol someone tried to hack this 
lol still worked like crazy lol  . lol Your lakers lost me money lol and my little brother wouldn't stop gloating haha
Lol think my head hurting from thinking too much.. Ouwah... Sleep is unavoidable.. Needn my nurse but she off duty today  -K-
Lol this is my 3rd tweet in a row.....i had aot of twitter moments &amp; thoughts b4 but now i dont rem them 
Lol this is the craziest most awesome dog. He slept in my bed alnight last night. Too bad he'll go home today 
LOL till my triumphant return to QLD. also, have no idea how to do that thing you do soph.... the quotey reply type thing 
Lol to visit my dad for fathers day. 
lol too bad i'm poor. i'm staying up all night 
Lol try wat?? U gotta be specific I be forgetting wt I tweet  @jcstud_28
lol u r a hot mess! But still my fav here! Now we are only u and me when Jess leaves  PS:Solstice manager was late AGAIN!He got here at 11
Is watchin hannah montana its ten to 12 here think ii betta go to sleep now seen as i ave school tomz boring 
Is watchin Here Comes the Newlyweds &amp; absolutely is not lookin forward to conference call at 8am.. 
is watchin tv..as usual !! 
is watching &quot;pineapple express.&quot; all about weed, weed, weed. not as fun as i expected..... 
Is watching a beautiful sunset without him... 
Is watching a movie all by her lonesome  Lol
Is watching a movie with the guys. And thinking about her 
is watching Bay Area Derby Girls play Seattle's team! Exciting and close game so far.. I miss seeing Miss Moxie jam though. 
is watching bntm + can't be bothered going college for an hour later 
is watching Bridge to Terabithia...so sad 
Is Watching Britains Got Talent, &amp; Is biting her nails. Please don't come off black nail varnish 
Is watching come dine in bed, worried about work tomorrow should i just quit? 
is watching Criminal Minds. s1e13 is a tear jerker  http://plurk.com/p/ysh76
is watching DVD's but is worrying about his sick baby  Get well soon @MCLadyLumos
is watching foxfire - shame angelina jolie's in it 
is watching futurama and is rather bored 
Is watching game 2 alone i guess 
Is watching game 6, going for Cavs but thinks magic will win 
Is watching gene simmons family jewls. I have a cold 
is watching ghost whisperer, why did jim have to die? 
Is watching Harry Potter because i couldn't hangout with my friends and the ones that i haven't seen in a while!!  i miss you guys!
is watching her dad get her haircut. I can go to cinema with @SheepMonoxide now, but it's too late now 
is watching her house mates pack up around her  tempted to start as well even though i don't leave till wednesday lol
is watching HGTV w/ hot black mango tea... trying to to quit it with these stupid panic attacks 
LOL We just had an aftershock! What did Westlake do to deserve this? 
Lol well everyone I got school tomorrow goodnight! lol @IamSpectacular *cries* u tricked me! lol naw jk ill see it 2morrow i guess  
Lol we're bbq'n even tho its rainin! Crazy! I'm freezing  
Lol when I went to pump gas the gas lady asked me &quot;how old r u... Are u 16?&quot; I laughed and said &quot;I wish&quot; why do I get that a lot  
lol why am I up so early looking at @selenagomez tweet? off to NC for my last hs race 
lol woodgreen has it 
Lol Yay! Mine is broke  Fuck!
Lol! Duude my final was hard 
LOL!! Now I'm down with a rook in Chess with my bro. Was in a winning way earlier. But it was a trap 
lol, fell asleep with the baby. just wokeup, i haave to leave 
lol, good call. I'm attempting to do maths now, and I can't do it    fudge! I should have started this earlier!
lol, here the friday ends in 13 minutes.. 
lol, honeybaby, i sound like a ny-quil commercial. that word only looks right with a green background. i want to sleep but i can't 
lol, I meant to say that you GNR (meeee!) I overuse 'lol' anyways 
lol, i sat in the sun too long, and now im all red 
lol, it's probably way to late for anyone to read this, but i'm not going to sleep. i'm weening myself onto a new schedule. its 3:36 
lol, listening to my little sister make up a story! ..booring 
lol, my grandson thinks it is funny to grap my cell phone and throw it  
lol, Perez Hilton called Will.I.Am's manager a faggot... Where is the love?? 
Lol, standing in the line for the Girugamesh now... 1.5 hours left 'til we can go inside. 
Lol, still have two exams...dont know why I keep writing one. I got hit in the face with a ball at oztag 
Lol, talking about twitter with gramma mary. Lol. Suppp&lt;33 i miss pumpkin 
Lol,i'm sleepy!  @mrperfect25
LOL.  What have I learned?  More attractive girls than guys follow me and my followers are getting uglier.  
lol. Dad &amp; Mom dragged me out of the house to go for some friend's party &amp; now I'm scared that I cannot finish my geog revision on time. 
is watching I Am Sam, and its breaking my hearttt. 
Is watching Jay for the last time 
is watching Jesse James and is reading updates to Extreme rules......not happy 
is watching jon and kate. seperate lives. awh this is sad. no more jon and kate plus 8! 
Is watching Juno for the umteenth time drinking a milky coffee mmm. Then it's off to read my book... Again! Work tomorrow 
Is watching Katie&amp;Peter stateside i love that show it will be sad when its over 
is watching kayne west with an orchestra on channel two.. I advise everyone in adelaide too do the same.. Skinny by thirtieth 
is watching Lost season one, alone 
is watching LPEP 2k9. Harby's the awesome-st freshman ever! I miss the dancing scene.   http://plurk.com/p/uj6fr
is watching Mamma Mia - was much better at the cinema 
is watching masterchef - pitty they're making yuk fish/seafood stuffs 
is watching mjs cover of baby can i hold you (sorry) . why am i crying ??  haha
is watching 'real miley cyrus, e special' and drinking a cuppa. bored though, to early to do anything  xx
Is watching ripley's believe it or not. Totally bored. 
LOL. i have an exam in exactly 34 hours and 12 minutes. sounds like a lot? well... its NOT. im scuuredd.  LOL.
lol. i told my boss to bring me some vanilla coffee from a coffee shop. he did it  ive the best bosses ever ^.^... my phone doesnt work 
Lol. Nevermind. I guess i did it wrong. I need twitter lessons. 
Lol. No. its not nice. 
lol. poor Eminem. went to friends house 2day. studied 4 french. found out y Luminor left Cinema Bizarre. well... not exactly 
lol. this sounds sad...but i want more followers. is that too much to ask?!?! 
lol.... feeling 13 all over again 
lol..battlefield. shayliiee is laughing at me 
Lol..i was running, screaming, jumping on people, running in the middle of the street!!!! And this white girl was laughing at me!! 
lol.As much as im against foot fetishers,I wish someone could massage my foot and ankle.Its sore. 
LOL@1-800 Zombie - I'm a Unicorn, that song is to retarded. 
lol@losing 10 followers in a night? hahahaha don't hate 
is watching Robot Chicken. I just want to go too bed 
is watching Scrubs and thinking why is she recently so unlucky  .. 
is watching Shrek and about to make dinner. I feel like crap. 
is watching Snakes On A Plane &amp; having a bad day 
is watching spongbob wither her lil sis......leaving for work in a min 
is watching spy kids 2. Bored out of my mind... Halp 
Is watching sunday best i personally think that sunday best is som uch better than American Idol.so upset that my gurl jessica didnt win 
Is watching that sweet little face...looking back at me...im sooo lucky to have my little girl...they grow up so fast... 
is watching the 20Twenty. . . surely I have better things to do with my life?!? . . . I should really be studying 
is watching the awards on MTV! Wish I was there 
is watching the best of britains got talent .. should really be in bed but this stupid headache is stopping me from sleeping 
Is watching the Blue Man Group and wondering why i'm feeling nautious again...hopefully the medicine works soon 
Is watching the boy in striped p.js. Really sad  xxxx
is watching the choreographed version of our Grad Song on Johnson's Multiply. Hilarious! Kakamiss tuloy. 
Lola, I'm sorry I forgot about your death anniversary. 
lollapalooza schedule is up! but all the bands i want to see are playing at the same time 
LOLLL IT IS OFFICIALLY DAYLIGHT. Obviously NOW I am going to sleep. But only because my eyes are SOAR and that makes photoshop a bitch 
Lolol.  Resolution's not very good on tv.  
lololol reading the updates from celebrities are funny. on the train heading to town.......its so boring 
LOLs about Linden Labs &quot;grandfathering&quot; of Homestead prices: Pathetic spin doctoring of teh worst kind 
lols gave a chilli to th lil guy then he puts idt in his mouth , chews &quot; oooh yummy &quot; 6 seconds later , his face turns red and &quot; aah &quot; 
lols new twitter today not going to write much stuff until I get a few people following me or Iâ€™ll feel like Iâ€™m talking to myself 
lolz i think nora has a yeast infection 
lolz i update too much so i never know what are people replying to  i suck
London Bridge by Fergie is probably not the best song to start the day with. Train again. No talent on the train 
is watching the finale season of The Hills. Goodbye LC! 
is watching the hills finale &amp; wants to cry  lauren dont leave!!!!!
is watching the last Prison Break... I'm gonna miss that show loads 
is watching the last temptation of christ, drinking sangria, and is all by myself. 
is watching the last tonight show 
is watching the news about those two little 5 year olds who flushed a 2 week old cocker spaniel down the toilet. little bastards 
Is watching the news. :O flight 447 with 5 brits onit 
is watching the obama press conference....dont like the sound of this new health care tho 
is watching the Penguins having a bad day...must be the full moon...4-0 for Detroit in the middle of the 2nd period. I'm not impressed!  
is watching the weather forecast &amp; freaking out! Rain Monday &amp; Tuesday? How am I going to get caught up??? Aaarghhh 
Is watching titanic in bed with a sore throat and headache 
Is watching TV  very peaceful. &amp;&amp; is missing her boyfriend 
London Friday As end of school trip cant belive ive left 
London gay pride is excluding transpeople. No Pride for me this year  Brighton maybe?  http://www.translondon.org.uk/PrideBoycott.html
London is not a very safe place to live, especially if you like walking around to see the city. Especially the young ones, so ready2fight 
London Underground strike the one day Im in London  Why God!
London was, well, Londonish. Great conference and I got to visit GOSH in Bloomsbury. Couldn't find a BOSE shop though 
London, Bitches! surprisingly one of the smoothest trips I've had in a while. Already miss my squirrel 
lone night 
loneliness  miss u so much... T__T
loneliness ends in 2 days. and responsibility doubles. I was never good at responsibility 
Lonely  watchin family guy all snuggled up in a blankie. I wanna do something :/
lonely again...have no 1 to talk to..!!!!! 
Lonely and bored 
lonely and sad. 
lonely at school, no one here  behh:/ lucky that @addibug is at DisneyWorld! 
Lonely in a crowded house this morning.  The right person just is not here...  But at least I got the gym in and facing up to the day.
Lonely in langley 
Lonely in office 
lonely in pittsburgh. missing my other half. 
lonely lunch 
Lonely nd Hungry 
lonely saturday 
Lonely saturday night 
lonely without the Pub Disco Boys  @kungfooguru @diginux
Lonely. 
Lonely. bored. tired. lonely 
Lonely. I don't get to see my love for at least 3 months. He left today. I wanted to spend every hour with him. I couldn't. 
Lonely... 
lonely.... im mrs. lonely.... i have nobody..... im on my own 
lonered 
Lonesum, all friends on tour, no 1 to hang with. Want to c Eddie in Vegas   @Armand, come to NY!
long 3 hour brake 
long and busy week ahead 
Long are the days of service and convenience  Welcome to Europe! We are saving the planet though. Sorry for the rant!
Long ass day at work note to self never party til 4 in the am and the go to work at 8 its the worst 
Long ass day wish I was in bed w. Him  #GoodSex LOL I can only dream goodnight
LONG ASS DAY.. My baby is four years old  wowww
Long ass night. @ work. 
Long bad day at work 
Long beach = home sweet home. 
Long day 
Long day  ---- just laid down and if feels good gnight ;)
Long day  I'm about to be soooo Knocked out for the next 15 HOURS!  
long day ....and its going to be a long week, i miss my andrew  ...goodnight everyone
long day :S ..  whole morning: at hospital..so i have a stupid trauma in my left hand! i cannot write.. its desesperating 
long day ahead.... looks like won't be able to make it to ballet class tonight. 
long day ahead...weening off caffeine 
Long day at the boat rally !  babysittin in an hour .. Grrr
long day at work  FREEDOM SALE starts 6/25 mark downs on apparel, books, dvds, jewelry, purses, hats, lingerie! Come in and see me 12-9
Long day at work  Home now, but have to head to practice. I love it. Parisa, I love you. Mike, your food looks awesome, OFF TO SHRED.
long day at work, no water in the cistern, and no-one to cook supper 
Long day at work. Want to relax.. But cant 
long day at work...happy to be off tomorrow! Oh and i miss my best friend, my brother, my Marine  Been thinking about u a lot Richard
Long day begins - 9 year old's birthday party in T-minus 3 hours 
Long day of moving and painting with the fam, they even &quot;treated&quot; me to a huge McDonnalds dinner   people need to learn about health food
long day of tidying ahead of me 
long day of work ! totally exhausted! but wish it was a long day of being an actress instead 
Long day of work ahead of me 
Long day of work tomorrow.. 
Long day on set and even longer day tomorrow   Call time....6am! Yikes!
Long day today ..... 
Long day tomorrow 
L-O-N-G day tomorrow. no time for twitter. 
Long day working... Didn't do anything interesting unfortunately  Going to bed, tomorrow back to The Hague, hopefully a better day!
Long day yesyerday. @MxcnMaria's graduation, yay!, dinner &amp; beach w/ family. 18 of us. But no matter what, I missed @RJNavarrete lots!! 
Long day&amp;night&amp;day ahead to arrive Brusels&amp;NYC.4,30h. a.m. Loiu airport closed...nice trip starting. 
long day, lots of people in the house, puppy's asleep, roomies are asleep, &amp; me and Lauren successfully smashed the router by accident 
Long day, no time for tweets 
long day,,have a mass headache 
Long day. Finally getting some sleep. Last day of after-care tomorrow  Then, girls night out. Sweet dreams tweeps ?
Long day. Not feeling too well  going to sleep early tonight
long day... i caught night in e museum in JB theatres and fell asleep thru e movie.....  woah...
Long day... Longer night  @ Insley Rd &amp; Needles Rd http://loopt.us/Le8JOA.t
Long day... Midterms coming up... Don't you hate it when the day starts out badly. 
long day....wishing it was friday.......   
long day...and now, PHYSICS problems. this last chapter is too long!! 
long day...still confused...ugh... 
long day...thesis prep  i need a volunteer to write this,,,,,,,smh
Long distance and in another time zone? This sucks! I cant even talk to u when i wake up cuz when its 8 here its 5 there 
Long first day back   I want to go back to non-reality!
Long flight home: 12 hours Istanbul to JFK, 4 hours JFK to home. Missing Cappadocia, Pammukale, Ephesus, and Kusadasi already 
is watching tv in bed, recovering from a night out! Way to many sambuka's 
is watching tv with the boyfriend. Feel a bit down today 
is watching tv, when he really should be doing his planning, for the coming week 
is watching tv.... raining 
is watching tv..tryin to bore myself to sleep...just not the same without my husband here 
is watching Twilight....Alone 
Is watching up and just finished the opening montage. 
is watching wanted cause I have no internet 
is watchn pushing daisies. You witty, strange, and adorable bastard. Why do you hav to be cancelled? Stupid ABC. 
Is wathcing crosby in HD! SAD FACE tho its one nothing 
Is way beyond confused  Someone tell me what to do...
Is way chill. And misses all the tweeple that don't tweet anymore 
is way too stressed 
is wayyy too tired! 
Is wearing an orange nation shirt 
is weeeehhh.. its so kaka aasar.. got allergy from crab..  http://plurk.com/p/12qnc2
is weeping slightly and having a fag after carting several bin bags of crap across town from his now ex-bf's  Do so-called 'breaks' work?
is well hungry, and is rocking out to Within Temptation!!!!!!!!!!! I miss Jamie! 
is well pis#ed off. i have so much work to do, it's unbelieveble. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Is wendi tweeting? I'm still in the dark 
is where were the jonas brothers last night?! 
is wide awake at 630 AM. With major heartburn. 
is wide awake since 5.30am.. 
is winter park. it's only seventy degrees  boooo!
is wish she was in vancouver with her brother 
is wishhinn she got wayy more done todayy than she actually did 
Is wishin I were goin with Hannah, Kelly &amp; Matt 2 the swim club 2day. But nooooo...I have non-fun things 2 get done.  
is wishin it wernt raining.. and im bored  .. and ive just made this account and aint got a clue wt its bout.. x
is wishin someone would go swimmin with me     my babys at work...
Is wishin there was a way to just make a cold go away, not just cough syrup 
Is wishing Eastern would get my transcript in the mail already or else I won't be registered for classes 
is wishing he brought his guitar with him to his parents' house 
is wishing he had a dvr or something to record the Tonys tonight. 
is wishing he loved me 
is wishing he was at E3. 
Is wishing I had a way to go get ice cream! 
is wishing I was back on the beach instead of getting ready for work!  
is wishing I was in aiken with the favs! I miss them 
Is wishing I was somewhere warm and toasty!!! I dont liked being cold   lol
is wishing I were on the highway heading to the beach...but, alas...back at the office 
Is wishing it was my dad who died and not my mom 
Is wishing it would stop raining! Today was suppose to be pool day 
Is wishing my hormones and temper was under control. than i would have kept my cool and not be in this crappy feeling that i lost u 
is wishing she could get the stuff she wants from coastal scents  if only i weren't so poor.
is wishing she didnt ahve to go to work for 630 am 
Is wishing she had more babysitting people.. it suxs only having one and is always being used.. 
Is wishing she was at home to give her dad a huge hug for fathers day 
Is wishing she were off on monday.. What wasi thinking in Jan when I agreed to work.. 
is wishing she's home right now. 
is wishing that I had a longer weekend..UGH those bad kids will be back today! 
is wishing that i had put on sunscreen befor i whent swimming  (Burnt) )-:
is wishing that it wasn't the end of the weekend already..  
is wishing the rain would stop 
is wishing the rest portion of her weekend weren't over already 
is wishing they made clothes to fit a size 11 
is wishing white riot wasnt moved to dunfermline 
is wishing Zac was online 
is with everyone else printing out IT past paers 
is with giordana dying of hunger.. but we have no money... 
Is with mi madre! I feel sick 
is with mum, nats and auntie sue,, having a good old chat,, if only i didn't have to revise aswell  x
is with my boyfriend but am soo soo tired 
is with my crazy jamaican aunt carol everyones laughn at us 
Is with the bitchiest person eveer!  @claudettedf
is with the flu... 
Is without a computer 
is wonder what 2 do right now???? She never need help before... 
is wonderin why she can't update her status... haiz... 
is wondering about her hubby's wherabouts. sibuk banget apa ya?  http://plurk.com/p/13sp3q
Is wondering how a family of 4 with a moderate income are so broke...praying we are able to make rent this month...   
is wondering how the hell you work this thing??  
is wondering how to get a large spot of spaghetti sauce off a very light carpet   Hoping for good results with steam cleaner tomorrow...
is wondering how to send a tweet to a particular person on twitter from his phone 
is wondering how tonight will go...i miss my apt!! 
is wondering if anything is going on tomorrow? Nada to do 
is wondering if Newcastle win win the championship next season? please don't end up like Leeds 
is wondering if our summer is over 
Is wondering if she should have a quick nap - ironing not going to do itself though  need to vacuum too 
is wondering if the trees will make a full recovery one day as there are still bits of Clarence hanging from them 
Is wondering if theres anything wrong with using web based ftp sites?  don't have filezilla hear and need to upload some plugins!
is wondering if things will get better.. so much Work CAN kill 
is wondering if this is the end for #mysql now #orcale own #sun 
is wondering just how much of a twat he must have come off as today 
is wondering of NKOTB will reschedule the cancelled shows...cause i'm sad i won't see this this summer if they don't 
is wondering what 2 do 2day! lol looks like the gorgeous suns gone  what 2 do now?
is wondering what happened to the sun???    
is wondering what im going to do with my hair...a couple ppl think the rainbow thing is a good idea.but some dont! 
is wondering what its like to be famous 
is wondering what the sun has against weekends 
is wondering what to do with her self tonight.. have to go out noone to go out with 
is wondering what's up with the green pictures? Also has flu. 
is wondering when miami is gonna revamp its night life..it just aint the same 
Is wondering when she'll be able to see cherry bomb. 
is wondering when things get easier.. 
is wondering where he is. 
is wondering where kellidaisy is...haven't see her all afternoon 
Is wondering where my twit pics for work went!!!! And hope this is just maintenance related!! Seriously frustrated 
is wondering where the hell his download tickets are  Ticketmaster say theyve been dispatched but they no be heres
is wondering where the morning went...it is already time for lunch...ugh...I am just going to have to start working night and weekends!  
is wondering whether Globe-Trotter in London can fedex or dhl me leather straps. Someone fucked with my suitcase somewhere. 
is wondering which anime should I start watching now! Monster is around 74 eps too long 
is wondering who i've became..is it really just that quick too lose yourself 
Is wondering who to curse out second time my money ain't right if it doesn't get fix soon heads will roll. 
is wondering who would be so cruel as to cut off her cat's whiskers 
is wondering why 3G is flakey around LSE  and no eduroam either d'oh
is wondering why do i get all the wierd people following me that i have to block 
is wondering why do it feel so good to be in your arms? Why do i feel this way about you?? All we need is to be friends and call it a day 
is wondering why everyone has turned on Susan  She's a talented, unassuming lady who just proved how gracious she is at coming second
is wondering why he can't just move into Xavier already 
Is wondering why her and sleep don't seem to mesh.... 
is wondering why her cupcakes cracked on top 
is wondering why her future inlaws are trying to ruin her wedding. His mom flat-out said, &quot;I don't care&quot; when we said it was our wedding! 
is wondering why his 2 year old daughter's blood sugar dropped so low again last night. 41 is too low.   
is wondering why his stupid tonsils had to go and get infected! 
Is wondering why I always try todo right but always end up suffering 
is wondering why it has to rain   i means its in bloody june!!
is wondering why it's a little chilly this morning. 
is wondering why my twitter won't let me upload new pics  very upset
is wondering why no one else is following it....  C'mon people!
is wondering why pea is screaming 
is wondering why she can't get onto Facebook.  
is wondering why she has twittered in such a long time. Maybe working 80 hrs/wk has something to do with that. My treehouse is not ready 
is wondering why she never got the email she was supposed to get to buy the Palm Pre early today. 
is wondering why she still can't upload a pic. 
is wondering why some asian parents are so legit crazy... 
Is wondering why the battery on my iphone only lasts about 3 hours max if playing with it!! Its only 6 months old 
is wondering why the heck my phone doesn't blow up asking me &quot;what am i doing?&quot; ..... 
Is wondering why the internet on her blackberry isn't working 
is wondering why there is still no1 home to cook er tea 
Is wondering why twibble doesnt seem to work  hmm duncan help!!!!!@iamduncan
is wondering why two years  have gone by in high school and i havent really done anything.. kinda depressing... 
is wondering why you seem so distant 
Is wondering y im not gettin ppls updates 
is workin so hard 
is working *snore*... I wish I could escape to my alter-reality of books... Both girls get their shots today.  
Is working 11 to 3  stupid people not showing up for shifts
Is working 2 to 9.  Sunburn is killing me 
is working 30+ hours this week 
is working 8 days in a row...i'm tired and i'm not rich 
is working 8-5 on saturday and sunday?!?!?  oh what we do for money 
is working 9-2... 
Is working a double tomorrow FML 
Is working again at the whitechapel gallery.. I want the rain keeps going so I won't think about those laying on a sunny park 
Is working all day  oh well. Gotta make that money some how.
Is working allll weeekend 
is working alone! 
is working and tired 
Is working at the garage sale. . .  txt me
is working from home, unwillingly 
is working from home. Maybe the cute guy next to me on the plane had the virus? 
Is working her third double in a row today  blah.
is working in the rain.. 
is working late tonight 
is working late. Recovering from stomach bug. 
is working on a book report all day.    such a BORING day!
is working on a second consecutive sunday  .. and this; after a loong loong time 
is working on discussion questions, reading psych aspects, and family therapy...AHHH...will this maddness ever end??? *SMH* 
is working on earth science. 
is working on finally checking emails, so tired haven't gotten much sleep lately 
is working on my stupid paper 
is working on sat when who is on 
is working on this Patriots Day 
is working one to nine. 
is working out now. 5 minutes of straight cardio, here I come! Hopefully this fat will go away. 
is working the weekend away 
Is working till 12 today! My little Dunks is sick and we may be going to the ER after work. Says prayers that he gets better please 
is working today   no wow, no garden, not even a window to look out of, so sad........
is working tonight...3-8...boring...no celly... 
is working with MS Access. Pfffff, this is boring 
is working!  its too nice out to be here
is worn the fuck out 
Is worried about 'Anuenue.  She's lost half her body weight ad has stopped eating completely. 
Is worried about going on the train on her own and doesn't what to do  somebody help me!
Is worried about her good friend 
is worried about her hubby.  [get well soon, luv.] http://plurk.com/p/rrcsg
is worried about my doggie!! I just found a brown looking lump on her neck...her hair is gone there too!  Andrea, help!!
is worried about Rafa  I want him to defend his title. #wimbledon
is worried about the new school term and all the commitments it will entail. 
is worried bout him 
is worried sick about Lou  Grrrrr, wait till i get my hands on them!!!!!!!!
Is worried sooooo much about my mommy  can't sleep bcuz of tht! I miss my mommy 
is worried things are never going to be the same again 
is worried why she has trouble sleeping since two nights ago.... 
is worried, my hidden cache blew into poison ivy.  Oh no!  http://plurk.com/p/129ng9
is worry and deadbeat this moment. 
is worrying about the tooth 
is worrying intensly about her history exam on thursday 
Is worse than yesterday... Ugh sick = 
is wotchin big brother hmm i dunnoo wot too doo 
is wounded 
is writing more music! still no demo 
Is writing reports on a saturday night... how sad! 
is writing some KICKass shizz. Missin my boo 
Is writting a letter, plus seeing if Peter F. has won the bet as he rightly should. Twitter wants to screw with him... Poor Peter... 
is yawning..  http://plurk.com/p/12a60w
is you have ideas on a cool GIFT let me know.  I have none 
is, for the first time in a looooong time, getting in and going to bed...  He had a very painful evening   
Is, now, totally bummed that McFly are in the same area as me. Only 15-20 minutes away....so close and yet, so far 
is... ugh i so don't wanna go to work 
@Lidewy I have to work  I'm sorry
@lidiamarie exactly! stupid youtube 
@lieblich_elise I read French... 
@liedtkeloser haha write a book about vinny the mafia man? i want a mafia name 
@liefortheliar especially my friends.  &amp;that includes you. :&quot;&gt; Ayiee. )
@Lierina it's the same with my new ipod  I guess we both have to wait till monday
@liesforliars damn dude! Yeah its hard enough for me to keep up with everybody with only about 25 ppl to follow, workin 2 jobs. 
@lieutfaber @laetha I have no time and no way to get over there besides! 
@LieveLouise Guilty! Am just downloading some music and creating a new playlist, incl lots of Jordan Sparks. NZ Music Month just finished 
@LiezleW lol, wanna meet my Swazi friends at Gold Reef but I dont have any transport so... 
@Life_Stylist I remember when he use to have nick names for me too..singing to myself &quot;When its cold outsiddeeee girl&quot;  lmao
@life2gobeverage I didn't  I was busy keeping our team together &amp; helping out before/afterwards. Where can I find your product for sale?
@LifeAsWeKnowIt Bummer 
@LifeBlaizing thanks  but I got:This video is not available in your country due to copyright restrictions 
@LifeCoach2Women  i wasn't able to go the conference.so I didn't get the outline.. however I have been doing my own &amp; it's coming along.
@lifecruise I can't DM you because you're not following me... 
@LIfeeRoxs ... i have a life :'(  But i dont have a comeback 
@LifeGarden That is really scary and sad 
@lifegotcold sorry all gone for Southampton  keep in touch for more give aways
@lifegrd31 truth! youre not a gg member anymores??? 
@lifeinoleg this collection took me about 5-6yrs of constant collecting  time to start anew!
@lifeinsa I would if I could get through your CAPTCHA in under 10 tries *gives.up* 
@lifeinsound man, that blows. sorry dudes! 
@lifeisaishia @THEBLKJOKER @elledeepea Cannot get any work done 
@lifeisnocheese ahahaha, i am already failing so hard and i've only done jillian's face. it doesn't look like her at all 
@lifeless_tress We really must. Aaaah, I miss those days too 
@lifelessobjects wake up! hang out with me 
@lifelongpyro88 no, i'm looking for a cleared mind. 
@LifeMeaningOver you have a good excuse...you were away 
@LifeModified why?  whereis the today post? :~
@LifeMusicDANCE  I know da feeln, I cant say on here but Im on something here about u know wat!...*they* juz fkd up 42mins ago now I know
@lifeofcyn oh god me too I have horrible scars from bug bites! All over my legs 
@lifeofholly DM down to do dauphine next w/end so not likely to be at smithfield 
@LifeOnMarsAsMe ur jiggy lol i need to cook but too sore 
@lifeonrewind  BECAUSE YOUR IPOD IS DEAD? I WILL NOT LET THAT HAPPEN. *HUGS*
@lifeonrewind Still at work. Can't.  However, we can converse in 140 characters or less.
@Liferoot It's his friend, and an officer  so... yeah.
@lifes_beauty:haha, hes alright...shes about to give him a bath then they are leaving me! 
@LifesAClimb12 I want ice cream. 
@LifesAClimb12 Why didn't you get it for me? 
@lifesajourney41 sorry we couldn't do lunch  miss you. i'm already over this 2pm conference call. we have a tailgate to plan damnit!!
@LiFeSiZeBaRbii I know sadly   http://myloc.me/29aw
@LifestyleDog oh gee, I wish I had.    I've just started digging into understanding it.
@lifeswings I have no idea why she isn`t online. :| I haven`t talked to her online yet. 
@lifeswings nope.  Still on the search ! :&gt;
@LifewithMikey82 this is the end of the semester so i am really busy... have got no time for twitting  what a pity cause i love it
@lifewithroses aww princess  what u been doing with your hand!
@LifSol_KC i know 
@liger58   How?
@Ligeress *hugs* me too, and on top of you being already sick, that's rubbish 
@LiggMo MORNING SUNSHINE!!! it still sux that im blocked from my work pc... 
@LightKnife boo  miss your face. We must meet up in the near future--pref w/that swath. Have you talked to her? I need to call her!
@lightmanx5 nooo I'm at the beach! Sorrry! 
@lightsnoise Aww.  It was a great night! Travelodge ;) See you next time! 
@lightsnoise whats with the lack of tweets?  YOU ARE MISSED!
@lightsnoise you're not coming to my date unfortunately 
@lightsresolve 
@lightsresolve  soar throat?
@lightsresolve I'm so mad I cant go to that...you're like an hour away from me. 
@lightsresolve Omg I Love No Doubt! Omg What Z100 booth! http://twitpic.com/4itf5 Luckyy! I Couldn't Find You Guys  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@lightsresolve yayy Ramones!! I thought they were taking about soda. 
@lightsresolve you guys going today? We're soaking in the beautiful weather in VT before getting peed on tmw. On our way home now tho 
@lighttripper went 2 khansama &amp; had great lunch &amp; got me churan ki goli 
@lightuptheskies they're scared of me!   i think they might've been dropped on our road by someone.  poor traumatized puppies.
@lightwarrior179 Its rumoured not to have it. All digital they say.. but even then.. battery life is poor,even when not using it to play 
@LightWP I still miss Novak.  I saw him during the dubai open. hes really tall
@lightyoruichi oi! spoiler -_- i hvnt had time these 2 weeks to keep up with all the tv series i follow 
@LiiCkMiiDowN Can i just say i miss you already 
@LiightGrenades because News people depress me thats why. They might tell good news but most of its bad !! 
@LiightGrenades never and stop talkin about them youll 'drive' me insane  i  really need starbucks
@liihyam19 been there. still i am going bananas! lol. as you know, i dont hav any social life this summer break.  i feel dead of a sort.
@liiiindsaay I'd like to see you and Rebe perfoming in the Palatin 
@liiiindsaay sorry I have to go now! 
@liik3aStaRr are u serious? well i'm sure hes ok girl but ima pray still 
@Liishaa Awww cool. Idk why. Lol 
@liiveguddiebadd im ok.. i been mad busy the past week and a half.. but im bac! lol n i was serious about that :-p cant be slackin 
@Liizuuu how sad 
@LikChan I have many weird compilations that I doubt are there in DVD too.. also some really old regional stuff not re-released on DVDs 
@like_an_emo es tut mir leid? 
@likegallows i had toffuti and strawberries yomyomyomyom but twittertxt doesnt like me 
@likegallows that part is a pretty big fail 
@likeomgitserika Haha.buti nga keo ndi p ngaassign ng seats e.kme first day plng mern n.syng ndi co nktbi.ktbi xa ng bez co!.     xx
@LikePacDiv u guys are awesome! Kisses to all of ya! Haven't seen u since the roxy last year 
@likeSunday ah, see, my fatness is my own fault 
@likeSunday Aw  theyre pretty impossible to get at this point. I actually share 1 seat with my mom - it was my brothers, we inherited it
@likethissong se fuder entï¿½o 
@likewhoaxox AWWWWW! *CRIES* 
@likewhoaxox awwz  i hate when that happens!! go drink hot chocolate milk to help you fall asleep lolz
@likitten isnt he precious!! i love him... i hate leaving him alone to go to work  lol
@LIKLEP is it the new age msn? no one uses msn anymore! gay!!! will you be my 1st iChat friend? 
@lil_bit_tina OH SHUT UP U KNOW HOW I  GET IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT WHEN I GOTTA SLEEP ALONE 
@lil_miss_moody about 15 
@lil_ms_minty  just got a migraine 
@lil_punkess will get it sorted in the morning. My bloody phone died earlier 
@lil_shortcake14 Aw.  Poor love. *cuddles* But it's really so nice to talk to you! &lt;3 &lt;3 I love you dearest.
@lil126stephy I'm lookin just to see what I'm missin  Closest to me is Chicago...Sux to live in Iowa! ZERO fun here! *sigh
@lil69 awww  how did u get sick?
@lila82 - bummer   I know how you feel though, if I didn't have a Roller Girl g/f, I probably wouldn't be going either.
@lila82 Yeah, I love John Glover and I wanted him to stay longer. When I read Fuller say he made that choice, I was upset. Oh well 
@lilabiem awww  don't do this to meee haha now you're gonna make me saddd
@lilabris i had to do this at 4am this morning 
@lilahmcfly ×”×œ×•×•×?×™! ×–×” ×”×™×” ×™×•×? ×›&quot;×› ×’×¨×•×¢! ×œ×? ×‘×?×œ×™ ×’×? ×©×–×” ×™×§×¨×”! ×©×”×“×‘×¨ ×”×™×—×™×“×™ ×©×?× ×™ ×?×•×”×‘×ª ×•×?×›×¤×ª ×œ×™ ×ž×ž× ×• ×‘×¢×•×œ×? ×™×©× ×? ×?×•×ª×™! 
@lilahmcfly but i dont have later... i've got to go soon! 
@lilandtedsmum I am good thanks... just getting my PC sorted. my other one had a meltdown 
@lilangelita I'm trying to did a ride or something. I want to go now 
@lilangelmindy what?  because of swine flu? it hasn't really spread. only in la salle. but that's like 3 students! tell you mom! :|
@Lilayy same here. like i know there's people who have worse lives than me but i wish i could go back and change some aspects of my life 
@Lilayy why do you have summer schooll ? 
@lilaznangel16 im looking forward to just getting past this chapter!so annoyin when i have so much that i wanna do and i cant get to it 
@lilbit_jojo you and me both!!! 
@LILBIT1023 good luck cuz I only made it once round the track 
@lilbit1991  ok whatever
@LilBitSassy  Bret Favre.....that another person I'm sick of hearing about! (My happy tweets are going to really go down) 
@lilcdawg Cathy... . Whats wrong miss singer? 
@LilCease i know love so far so good..but its mad cloudy so i dont know lol...if it does rain just think of me making a sad face lo 
@Lilchamoritta i am sooo sad u rnt going to conferce i had such a blast with you there last time ! 
@lilchanti Ooh, I want a Super Target! I've never even been to one. 
@lilchrishardman ouchh  well my cough got worse after saturday  and 2day i had a maths exam BORING but hey random comment back from me
@LilCodger Could be, pulled ~160 viruses off of my sisters computer last week. Going to attempt a repair on Sunday. 
@lilcreolesd no  it flew off somewhere, so now I'm on the lookout for it w/a hammer, a high heeled wedge &amp;&amp; windex at my side lol
@Lilddd I WAS JUST ASKIN IM SRRY IF I OFFENDED YU 
@lildds89 I know I know.....im so selfish sometime 
@lildds89 So sorry to hear that...that really sucks 
@lildesi143 sorrie to hear that  u still gonna walk?
@LilDroppa i know right, my poor pink blackberry is done for  ...I had to order another one, but it ain't coming till next week.
@LilEmoBoi  ur so lucky..have u been to any concerts lately?
@LilEmoBoi Girl's Not Grey and Love Like Winter. I would have Miss Murder but it's not playing.  You a big fan?
@LilEmoBoi oh well u tweeting during the show will make me feel so much better  take fotos and post em okaaiii
@LilEmoBoi omgg!! have fun at fob..we missed out on tix wen they came this year..we were gna go outofstate to c em but we couldnt 
@LilFlip713 why u didn't ask me to be ur date to the prom? 
@lilfootsmommy 
@lilfootsmommy Awe, I needed that. I â™¥ you! And I miss you 
@lilfootsmommy Oh no 
@lilfotoman lOls i just got your twitter i am packing today  you??
@lilgnome3 oh I was so proud as well 
@lilgnome3 Sure, if I had any Internet 
@lilgreenfish oh wow that's horrible 
@LiLi311 mannn u suck  :p lol tell him 2 get it 4 me too haha
@LilianeBianca aaahhhh!!!! i'm mad that i missed it!  
@lilianlee_ I want dumpos 
@LilianRM ash 
@LilianRM why? 
@lilibaby Same i miss all the guys already 
@lilibat What's it doing?  I was just gonna watch some Stephen Fry.
@LiliCosic I had to stop on the way home to buy cleaning supplies for her, she was not impressed with my collection this morning 
@LiliCosic relaxing ? I forgot what this word mean ? 
@lilien let's see pros: oprah &amp; the bulls... cons: further away from CA... sooo... idk 
@liliona not everyone!! U haven't even tried me 
@lilisaac me too! 
@lilisiah05 spending time with my fam and noo im not a father..... 
@lilita_yaya well but at least you got free shipping! internationals never get that so I have to wait for sales  what did you get?
@LilithHecate Aw, that sucks bb 
@LilithHecate ditto 
@Lilithhecate I DO LOVE CREEPER RAPIST 
@Lilitree I didn't get a work from home day this week. 
@Lilitree no I'm in Maryland.  but that woulda been an idea!
@Lilitree Video is only on the 3G S.  C'mon WM 7!!!!!
@lilj_j15_SODMG I didn't know that uber twitter took my url and shortened it   the url is in my profile - 502motorsports.com
@LILJIZZEL i heard last night was hotter than a whore in lahore in an unairconditioned store 
@liljjdagreat JUST WHEN IM ABOUT TO GET OFF U GO LIVE 
@liljjdagreat wow so u wait tioll i go to bed to go live lol...im mad at chu 
@lilkattalik i wish it were aunt chrissy &amp; baby day... 
@LilKCCeleb I haven't   ... I'm so 2000 &amp; late when it comes to those fancy nice things.
@lilkimberley I know your pain hun  I put sunscreen everywhere EXCEPT my shoulders, I dunno how I forgot &gt;_&lt; blisters are HUGE! ouchie &gt;_&lt;
@Lill300 you ain't the only one beer'o'clock ruined by complete lack of friends  xx
@lillian_taylor me too! I have the iPhone 3G and I'm jelious. 
@Lilliannna I hope you can fall asleep soon. I'm sorry to hear that your still having trouble 
@LillieBarnes dougie ahh, awhh he's not well atm  bless his lovley bum
@lillilinchen commercials are so annoying! 
@lilluci44 *whispers* I don't think I'm friends with him on myspace 
@lillyblubell  That would be great.  Not sure if we are going north this time though   Would you travel to London for a day? LOL
@lillyheart   that's horrible!
@lillyluna She died?  I just read an article the other day saying she was going to marry the guy she's been with for like...ever...sad 
@LillyLyle There are restrictions on the types of picture you can take, apparently 
@lillyotv  yes , I will .. too bad that you don't come 
@lillyputian sighh i once again broke something..i broke my mp3player 
@lilmamasofly90 just got done registering for sum college classes no classes i wanted 
@lilmermaid_ Meeeee toooo 
@lilmickee what dey do homie? I wish it would stop raining already!! Plus my vacay is almost over 
@lilmissangel127 I wanted to see the Tony awards.. I had to work 
@LilMissAshley21 aw im sorry  lol so cant wait for the awards tonight. idk why i get so excited for award shows. hope for jandytimsamlake
@LilMissBrooklyn i feel like i finally found my long lost friend and she was too busy for me  tear
@lilmissdainty it's not being unemotionally involved or a robot. Just have to match pay with competency lol but it doesn't endup that way 
@lilmissdainty mold in the cooker?  Agh that sucks. Ur gonna have to cook it the hard way 
@lilmissdainty np anytime.  Ya I stopped playing for years until earlier this year.  Shaking off rust 
@lilmissdainty oh and I'm also going to finish this piano piece before I forget.  I also bott that artbook but havnt start sketching yet 
@lilmissdainty very wise.    Only just got back from day trip to Paris.   Absolutely shattered 
@lilmissfootyfan lol, I didn't even DO anything to it. It's just ridic swollen and sore and I have no idea why. It just gave way 
@lilmissfootyfan Plenty. I'm in heaven. I wish they were in motion pics though, I miss seeing him play 
@lilmissjanisha Slumdog was awesome. I enjoyed it. Not doing much tonight - have work early tomorrow morning so will head to bed soon 
@LilMissNancy wow thats crazy. i know what you mean about the babies..its just so sad 
@LilMissPunkie who u tellin this blows 
@lilmissskater26 i know right.. i was all ready to put my sun cream on and go sit outside, then i opened the curtain &amp; its all cloudy... 
@Lilmissweetlips Check you out!!!! Love ya work drinkin!! Not allowed at the mo!!  I recon if i just smelt booze i'd be tipsy!! LMAO!!! ;)
@Lilmissweetlips oh dear not good then mate  , well i have nothing to do everything is uptogether at work just got to route at 3 x
@lilmiszGC wat u gonna do in august 4 the babys bday? Dnt tell me ur gonna miss it now cuz ima b in ny 
@lilmizzketa : oh shyt 4real  dang
@lilmo4ever i used to think Treach(naughty by nature) was the best thang walkin! i still do though lol. i just heard somethings about him 
@lilmo4ever I'm good mama. Just working hard I don't neva really get to enjoy the weekends cuz I work. 
@lilmo4ever what concert? Why do I feel left out ! Ur at a concert..every1 and their momma in ATL @ Bday Bash...geez 
@lilmomz  Im puking &amp; have fever
@lilmomz still waiting for your mailing addy, so couldn't send you anything in  time for your bday. 
@lilmomz that's about right.  couple times I tried to vote, told me I had already voted.  
@lilms_tam tam I'm so hurt 
@lilmui haha it's so amateurish! if you look closely there's a lot of ugliness 
@lilmzpartygurl I thought da hair was for me da whole time 
@lilone218 I wish I could but I'm at work 
@lilone218 the boyfriend just left for the philippines and i just read an email he emailed me 
@lilooneex3 yeah . ehh w|e . I can't believe its back to work &amp;' school tomorrow  no quieroo
@LilPecan 
@LilPecan thank you.  And course don't have any of my good pain killers with me on this trip 
@LilPecan TweetGrid is a beautiful thing...can watch several people getting foul with one another at once...I'm out of popcorn though 
@LilPecan Yes. Sorry. 
@lilphillicheese I totally wish I could go!!!  
@lilpiptook I know Kate  makes me sad
@LilPookieJ I am definitely e-mailing my landlord tomorrow. i actually heard this one yelp when it snapped shut 
@lilracedevil What? How do you know he's in Vegas now? I'm really sorry to hear that! 
@lilredbow wooowzers!! That's a lot of sauce and noodles all over.  I love that place!!
@lilredk8monster i was, too! she wasn't an option in the end. 
@LilRedRooster I don't want to be his lil mama!  Especially when he doesn't know the difference between right/ write and no/know!   FML.
@lilrockgrl I don't know why but i can't open the pic 
@LilScrappy11 I'm so not secretly jealous of you being at the beach with cocktails... 
@LilShawtySwagg i knowwwwwwwww! U aint tawkd 2 me since da Cavs lost 
@LilstevieIRK uhh ubertwitter for blackberry. Its new to me  http://myloc.me/46nc
@lilsweettashh i wish i could 
@lilTanker I'm not really. I only watch cause my friends do. As for photo, Nat didn't bring her work laptop home tonight. 
@LilTechMan ugh you aren't hte only one 
@liltwist share wif mee.shawtyy iz hungry! 
@Liluckylutz  wasn't that just horrible!!! 
@LiLViCiOuSSODMG Yeah kinda realized..you're ditching me! 
@lilvvatt Hey! Lol. Time to study! 
@LilWade23 tell Davis I @ his ass! He didn't respond 
@LilWayneweezy @cocktailvh1 no love for reality stars 
@lilwldchld For you. &quot;Sorry Seems to be the Hardest Word&quot; by Sir Elton John.  ? http://blip.fm/~7ayyu
@lilwldchld yeah, its 78 and sunny, tiny little clouds. and I am staring at office walls. 
@lilxicanita awww missed girlnight out 
@lily_v Ya, I worked and everything but I would of still tried to see jew guys for a whiiiile!! 
@lilyao im not excited for tomorrow! 
@lilygetcrunkk awww.  ive never dyed my hair. and i wan to so badly.
@lilygetcrunkk you cut them yourself? aww man.  i was hoping youd say prof because id be like &quot;what did you ask the person to cut it like?
@lilyginny27 awww I'm sorry to hear that 
@LilyGirll I am  I am not even going to class tomorrow 
@lilyish shawn doesnt even get off til 6:30 in torrance. just let me know! we wont have time to come back home to get ready 
@LilyJang Sorry to hear that. Had the same thing happen last November. Major damage right in front of my house &amp; apparently no one saw 
@Lilylauren I get sad when ppl shave their moustaches  I don't know if I'd cry about it tho
@Lilylauren i have been trying to get some decent ones for 6 months. have been SO crap - even over summer 
@Lilylauren So true... But it's too early in the show. Like working out who did it on CSI five minutes in! Too soon 
@lilymalcolm oh no! That's more competition! 
@lilymalcolm oh well i thought it would be good to travel there but i guess not then 
@lilymay I so totally agree with this. Problem is, I don't understand property well enough to do ANYTHING else while I'm flashcarding it. 
@LilyMazahery shocker,so they only come out when there is blood? His staged press yesterday was retarded with all the fake crying! sorry 
@Lilymeisanders it's nothing big I just feel fed up  thank you though lily! x
@LilyRohan ORLY? No ones tolds me  . Happy Bdays for then! *gives big prezzie* (and dont take that the rude way!)
@LilyRose74 owwwww I have that eileen song in my head now! 
@lilyroseallen all the time. 
Long hard day. 
Long Island Iced Teas= lovelovelove! BED TIME. WORK IN SEVEN HOURS. 
long islanddd i feel sick  someone cuddle w meee
Long line at Apple Store  Danny's in! Well, I'm happy for him...sort of. http://yfrog.com/3ogaqj
Long line at DMV  I need my license!!
long lines at the airport 
long long long night; congrats class of '09, we did it! - going to bed now, since its 6:30 am 
long long rainy day please go away 
Long nasty day... did get to drive stormy!! YES!! Had a slip and feel bad about that!! 
long night ..early morning 
Long night ahead of me people...twit me! Ill check it from time to time. Won't be off till 2am...  stay up people! Grind hard! And safely
long night ahead. have to finish k-kauai's video 
long night last night, long day today, long night tonight. I am worn out, yet still wide awake 
long night with no sleep makes Brooke a sad dull girl  meh. Wish I was home with Gizmo.
Long night, a nice relaxing day tomorrow, sleeping in, getting a Dunks iced coffee, and spending the day fishing. New rod cuz mine broke 
Long night..not enough sleep..Isaac and Grace each took a turn needing me..plus my multiple bathroom runs...I'm still exhausted 
Long Post Office lines suck. I'm stuck in one now. 
Long run plans foiled this morning by sore leg. Side of leg, above ankle. Is there a name for that? Postponing long run till Sunday 
long shot by KC ( again ) mask on my face, relaxing. I've wanted to hang out, but he's not avaible. 
Long slow day ahead... Still, it has to be done. Great night last night, Woke up feeling great too. That feeling vanished with her...  xx
Long staff meetings without food suck. 
Long story   Not about anyone you know. Some mean girl!
long story short R.I.P Kyle Hart 
Long time never eat instant noodles already . Make me feel so kelian. 
long time no tweet  I've played so much drums, it's so fun!
long time no twitter..  i missed twittering!
long time since i updated...upset that my nieces couldn't sleep over 
Long tiring day! Its been great though. its effing hot and there isn't anything to do  - Long tiring day! Its bee... http://bit.ly/MAVOg
Long week ahead, AP English exam Wed. should be fun, then some test for culinary, i thought that was my easy class 
LONG WEEK END OVA   
Long weekend a lot of baseball games got rained on twice. Great church!  Momma D not doing so good today. 
long weekend ahead... gotta move, work on 2 projects and study for final 
Long weekend almost over 
Long weekend became an extra short one. Working Saturday 
Long weekend fail: On my way to work. 
Long weekend is ending 
long weekend.. time to get back to real life but i'm not ready 
Long(short in reality) day. Im glad Philipe let me go home early. Im so fricken tired. Six days in a row 
Long, tough day...not a typical Friday 
long, yet wonderful, weekend made for a short night! feeling it 2day &amp; thinking i will all week bc this week is moving week  so much 2 do
Longest day EVER @ wk was busy all 9 hrs! So exhausted I could cry!  nonstop!
Longest day ever! I am in production hell 
Longest day ever. And its only just begun 
longest day ever.. gotta get up for work soon, then more moving..   this house is gonna be a lot of work
longest day of my life... up at 5:30am, off work at 11:30 pm  
longest day of my life............ work is done now its time to play..................and i didnt get that pony today  maybe tomorrow....
Longest Day of My Liiiiiiife. Can't wait to, not be able to fall asleep tonight 
Longest day of the week 
Longest line ever at dairy queen. Its about to rain so hard. Blah 
LONGEST WEEKEND EVER  I need a weekend from my weekend
Longgg day 
longgg day today. not liking the thunder 
Longing for #shawarma 
Longing for a good SVU marathon  Can't bring myself to spend $30 per season. Anyone want to gift them to me? I won't post more complaints!
Longing for NYC 
Longing for yesterday 
LONGweekend, LONGday. Exhausted and I think I'm catchin sisters cold.  Amazing DJhero event tonight and I don't think I'm gonna make it 
Lonnngggg day! Super tired. Sad to be home 
Look at me I am a human bot #trackle I still can't believe people are such cheats. No Fair. 
Look at my @dboy8199 MY lil homeboy even tho he dont call me nomore  http://twitgoo.com/379e
Look at that fooking weather! It's pissing it down and I've to walk home 
Look at the bloody bloody bloody BLOODY weather 
look at the hour and I haven't eaten yet 
Look at this sweet thing I have to leave  http://twitpic.com/6f2ox
look at this, another weekend gone already  ughhhh tomorrows monday...wake me up when its friday lol nite every1! ily ash xoxo &lt;3
Look how he looks and feels after these crazy bitches attacked him  http://pics.livejournal.com/brandnewluv/pic/000hagds/s640x480
Look like a 6.5 hour work day. 
Look like it's gonna be another long night here... Boooo 
Look nice out ! Feels like Summer wish I wasn't stuck in an office all day 
Look up the definition of 'homesick' in the dictionary and you'll find a picture of me 
look what @trvsbrkr said, drummer of blink182: &quot;I don't fly, probably never will again.&quot; I donï¿½t think they will come to brazil, so sad 
Look what happened to my leg. Hmph   http://twitpic.com/3pc21
Look what I have to read 4 work  http://twitpic.com/7klw2
Look what I'm stuck doing at sherwin-Williams  I have to put all this stuff up myself  http://yfrog.com/5jm5gj
Looked @ shoes during lunch  my next wages are spoken for; damn you neccessary electricity bill - Car Boot In May = Pretty Things? :p yes!
Looked at the bank statement and wish I hadn't 
looked at the thin layer of snow on the car 
looked for the new Cosmo at 4 different stores. DidnÂ´t find it. 
Looked really cute today - but didn't have anyone to see. 
lookin 4 my friends!! 
Lookin forward to cabarete. I miss the pkra by two days 
lookin forward to giving aber a proper send off tonight, espesh with my left over alcohol. althou blubbering and goodbyes will be to sad 
Lookin through my elementey school pictures..Missing all my friends  I was the only 1 from my elemntry school that went 2 my highschool 
lookin through my year book its so gay not all the people r in it  my x isent i just broke up with him &amp; this guy i like isent eathier
Lookin thru fotos from last nite n feelin a bit low, my friends r ridiculously gorgeous n I look so bad in comparison.. 
Looking @ my sweet sixteen pic's  and you know what my sweet 16th suck so  my 17th is going to be my sweet 16th
Looking @ pics of Jamesy and wondering what might have been 
Looking 4 my son 
Looking after Hannah now. I just want to go out to find some shoes 
looking after my baby Milo because he's not quite over his operation 
looking after my sick little boy. 
Looking after poorly Ella  she has tonsilitis
Looking around the office, we sure don't look like we are on high alert. I hope I can finish my lung 
Looking at a 93 geo prism. Yay. r.i.p. Chad 
looking at a new mac.  I loved my iBook....but I don't have $1000 to spend on a computer right now.  *sigh* 
looking at Asp.Net MVC Roadmap http://is.gd/RtE3. Areas in MVC2 .... i did it in preview 3 aug 08 
looking at bags for school, but i dont see the one i want 
looking at Blackboard 9 and the current version we use 8 ..... not a lot of difference .... just a cool look thats just about it 
Looking at Buzz's camp stuff online.... I miss camp weeks!  
Looking at Chelly and glad she's in my life. I never want her to grow up but i know it'll happen  lol
Looking at it, I seem to be getting a completely different config.. Finding shared hosting hard not having control 
Looking at itinerary. I start on the 23rd missing Abbey Road, BBC Sound and Barcelona  Shame, I always thought Id get on with @grimmers !
Looking at my Emergy-Call-iPhone 
Looking at my grades eww they're bad. 
looking at my lame sump pump and the 1/2 inch of water in my basement 
Looking at my old cast. Sarah signed it in silver. It's fading. 
Looking at my phone and I have no messages... 
looking at my pic with MC Lars on friday  he looks cute but I'm all chin-asaurus rex
Looking at my yearbook. I'm gonna miss these guys. 
Looking at new laptops... I miss my old one 
Looking at new mobile phones  contract up in October...stuck on what to get next 
Looking at new places to live is exhausting 
looking at old pictures because i'm thinking of chopping off my hair.. i miss my monroe piercing!! 
Looking at online reservation system, the up-close tickets are starting to go  I 'm tempted to grab one even if I have to go by myself
looking at phone pictures &lt;3 awwww.. most pics are meant to be deleted! 
Looking at pics from Arizona...I miss those days 
looking at pics from back in the *$ days. xmas party of '06. ughhh time fliiiies! 
looking at pics from back then makes me   my hair was so healthy then. lesson: when u encounter BAD drama dont take it out on your hair!!
Looking at plane tickets to go Home...I hate how airfare is stupid high to bank on the damn tourists. No resort/beach; just send me Home 
Looking at possible colleges. I'm so confused  where is a good school I can get an AA or BA in music business administration
looking at power tools, sadly i don't feel more manly 
looking at some hot stuff baby this eveninggggg    ow me  poorly arm &amp; finger = fail     ohaihat(lo) http://tinyurl.com/nacnbr
looking at some old pix. i really miss pinas!!  i wanna go back HOME! 
Looking at the Comcast worker orders, I'm not even signed up for HD cable?  What the FUCK Cuntcast?    I knew it was a mistake to go back 
Looking at the computer 4 awhile hurts! 
Looking at the Monday morning tasks, many important things, many very important &amp; many most important, &amp; some immediate and urgent too 
Looking at the rain pouring down outside 
Looking at the stars (makes me think) 
looking at the sunshine out of my office window 
looking at what shape clouds are... ooh is that... no 
Looking at: &quot;Floyd Koehler 1998 - 2009&quot; @housechick @azgeek Sorry to hear   rip Floyd ( http://bit.ly/fAtn5 )
looking back at camp pictures reminds me of when the college students were drunk on their campsite. someone pissed on our cabin 
looking back, on the past two finals. i kinda wish i cared and actually tried.  oh well! too late now!
Looking decidedly swamp monster-esque. No results getting for me tomorrow 
Looking for a admin or LP job in Charlotte NC. Lots of experience. Need to get out of NY asap. 
looking for a black nail polish 
Looking for a book &quot;The Essence of Shinto&quot; by Motohisa Kamakage, not available in my country... 
looking for a cake stand and a horseshoe..odd combo i know....even hard to find 
looking for a cute cocktail dress for 2 days...got none interesting  Is it hard to find a cute cocktail dress in size 0 at a cheap price?
Looking for a Dj in Pittsburgh, PA for this event Saturday  , its not going good
Looking for a GOOD text buddy bcuz iBored 
looking for a hairstyle , no idea what i want 
Looking for a IT Support Contract... not much luck so far 
looking for a job  very frustrating!
Looking for a job...  Not nice...
Looking for a legit writing contest to enter.....not having much luck! 
Looking for a load in Jacksonville area. Looks like I may have to go back to the east coast. 
Looking for a new car 
Looking for a new mattress and found with a max weight per person more than my weight.  Better get to the Gym! No, they weren't for kids
looking for a new phone headset in ebay, it got broken  http://plurk.com/p/uah3w
Looking for a new show to watch . 
Looking for a nice alert tone for my UberTwitter.. can't find any though 
Looking for a non-smoking curry shop in Setagaya... Close to &quot;mission impossible&quot; 
Looking for a rental house is so damn frustrating. I miss my dad so much.  and I'm freaking SICK! Ugh, this day sucks!
Looking for a special girl  im fed up of bein hurt 
Looking for a USB hub that will allow me to share devs. (esp. mouse+keyboard) across 2 computers ... seems most don't do input devs well 
Looking for a vibrating phone is like trying to find &quot;a feeling.&quot; 
looking for an English-Klingon translator &amp; the only one I can find on the web is busted..  - &amp; its for something awesome, details soon
looking for an excuse to learn cucumber, anyone recommend a decent book on BDD, my grasp is flimsy and I missed NWRUG 
looking for an illustrator to do my album art, no luck yet 
Looking for Apt 
looking for board shorts. long, black/grey (to go w/ db uniform). tried a few places but might have to go kiddie sizes 
looking for cars is so disheartening  WANT A BEETLE.
looking for cheaper rates for the phoenix grand hotel, old pointe south mountain.  So expensive 
looking for cool Seabee (wife) layouts... not successful yet. 
looking for driving license is like doing something which i have known that's going to be really impossible !! ARGH .. smashed a rest 
looking for excuses to not work. running out of them..... 
Looking for friends! Ahh missed out on da twilight festival  (Has nothing to do with twilight, its just called that (
looking for friends! im a new user and cant figure this out! 
looking for get back acoustic by demi lovato download link..pffftt i can't find 1 
Looking for ideas on how to get my new website out of Googles sandbox!  
Looking for jobs on the internet... 
looking for jobs, EB declared bankruptcy today 
LOOKING FOR JOBSSSSS...But not having any luck 
Looking for light blue bedding, saw it online somewhere and didn't save it  Now I can't remember where it was...
looking for more info on the Tehran bombing : looking for more info on the Tehran bombing  http://tinyurl.com/lnkyn2
Looking for Music on iTunes - sometimes I think : this would be SO much easier if I lived in The us... I never find the music I want... 
looking for my hubby on twitter but I can't find him 
Looking for my last freaking update. I deactivated my phone 
looking for my littlest tsutsu...  
looking for my lost cat 
looking for my missing dog Fiocco 
looking for my new recordings to 'make sense'... getting less happy with everything  the new album is though nut to crack
Looking for my uncharged wireless house phone...cant page it...  
Looking for novels to read on my Kindle on vacation. The most recent two Hugo winners don't have Kindle editions. 
looking for pe0plleeeee     so many strangers  
Looking for recommendations for a Wordpress designer who my be able to help with my personal site. Can't afford to pay much though 
Looking for second job! 
Looking for some friends. 
looking for some good quotes for my one year anniversary present for my honey *sigh* (and i also really need to study  )
looking for some summer fun! ASAP!!!!! concerts? parties? drinkin? MEN!!!???? WHITE MEN?!?!?! can't find any of those options 
looking for some work... 
looking for someone to hango ut with 
Looking for something in Twitter &amp; found a tweet that seemed funny and clever at the time, but probably was not so good after all. 
looking for something to do  help me?
looking for something to do not a lot of people have a twitter  sad day
Looking for somewhere in london that sells haggis... Anyone got any ideas? Neither of the supermarkeys in maida vale have it 
Looking for that spectacular video on youtube and I can't find it anywhere! I want to laugh too! 
Looking for the geritol, excedrin, and 15 minutes of quiet time 
Looking For The Right Time To Get Rid Of Tope But For Now... N 
looking for the song &quot;Kate's lullaby - Michala banas&quot; loved the song in McLeod's daughters. NEED TO HAVE IT! But, can't seem to find it 
Looking for users 
Looking forward to 90210 tonight! MIssed last weeks 
Looking forward to a few more sunny days before the weather forecast says it will change so  and    love the sun!!!!! hate the cold!!!
Looking forward to a nice week of weather til Friday when it might piss down all day. Friday is my birthday 
looking forward to a quiet weekend of lots o' study 
looking forward to another photographic bliss this coming wkend...sigh...and its only a Middle East Monday 
looking forward to bb tonight ! hope its good ! a scottish girls went to be going in, good god ! i want mcfly to know about my foot !  xox
Looking forward to bed time. Long night shift 
looking forward to Bruno, but with all the trailers floating around, spoils the jokes   http://bit.ly/w5qyo
looking forward to Cardif on Tuesday for my first WWE event! Trying to get info on who may be appearing but no luck so far 
Looking forward to celebrating Art Norman's broadcasting career tonight.  We'll miss him on air in Chicago 
looking forward to checking out Jason Hodges tonight here in taranta. but i cant stay too late  @its_shoemang
Looking forward to getting up at 04:15 on Wednesday to get a flight to Nice.. 
Looking forward to going out sometime in the next year or so 
Looking forward to going to be. But not too keen on doing so alone.  Damn feelings
looking forward to Kent SummerBall and HPU but not happy to be poorly  #fb
looking forward to leaving work at 5:30pm.  Need a vacation! Tired of being sick! 
Looking forward to life in the championship 
looking forward to Microsoft's E3 Conference  not looking forward to the guranteed imagine cup finalist announcement tonight 
Looking forward to my McDonalds. Will eat that before tackling a few pesky maths papers. *humph* I HATE A Levels 
Looking forward to my return to the US and a meal consisting of more than a can of tuna 
looking forward to picking up the new paolo nutini album today. Altough I have a hearing test for work first 
Looking forward to seeing @SpinachPuffs and the rest of the family, but really, really don't wanna leave Cambridge  Happy-sad mood today.
Looking forward to spending 4 days in Vancouver starting tomorrow. Haven't been there for years. Nice city! Forecast is chilly and rain.  
Looking forward to the dentists 
looking forward to the weekend - the part after i work saturday...  
looking forward to tonite ;) www.mediastorm.com - videos on here make me cry like a baby! 
looking fwd to lockdown party tonite though bie cant make it back in time 
Looking good out today. I'm still thinking rain over the weekend though 
Looking into a Job Offer out of town.. hmmm.. its funny how just a couple of days ago I couldnt bare to leave, &amp; now I could consider! 
looking online at condos.  i need to stop looking out of my price range.  but daaang there's some nice places!  
Looking out a window..... Bored 
Looking out at the stream outside my house. Still raining, and  I suspect it will be still too coloured for #flyfishing tomorrow. Oh well 
looking out my window...its raining outside!!!! 
Looking out of nowhere... Missing my baby... 
Looking out of the window and it looks like autumn 
looking out the window at the sunshine 
looking out the window for my baby to come home...almost got to see b.scott so sad 
looking out the window... i think the beach is out of the question 
looking pretty scary out my 5th floor office window... storm approaching! If i had an iPhone I would take a picture, but I don't, so... 
Looking through a speedpaint thread in an art forum. Everything is digital. I'm depressed. 
looking through Father's day cards really upset me this morning. Keep thinking about my Dad and I miss him so much. It hurts a lot. 
looking through grant.gov info...i'd rather pull my hair out 
Looking through my brothers last year book. Weird that he is done and attending my cwu in the fall. I'm a little sad 
Looking through old pics 
looking through old pictures from the Gwen and Harajuku girls days makes me sad. I miss you guys 
Looking through tons of footage for my video isn't all that easy  - got to decide what to use where coz i only have a little time :-/
isaac left  boredom consumes me,  but man do love jammin to the Devil Wears Prada!!!
Isaac! Please sweetie tell us whats wrong?  
Isaiah has a high temp!  
Isaiah is really bored and has nothing better to do than tweet..... 
Isaiah left me today. He's on his way to Cali. I'm gonna miss my bubs. 7 whole days!! 
Isaih Thomas showing his ignorance in his remarks about KG. 
iSCSI bugs, dead WANs, and users... oh my 
ish cold and hungry, but nothing really to cook.  Much sadness
ish ish!!! its monday tomorro!!! NOO!!!! monday blue~ 
island's song 
isnt a good day 
Isn't a huge fan of TORNADOS at 4:00 in the morning 
Isn't allowed in his room again 
Isn't allowed to leave until the gas man gets here. 
isn't and hasn't been in a couple of months. 
Isn't cheryl cole the prettiest woman ! Feeling jelous 
isn't digging xbox live being down 
isnt doing to good 
isn't enjoying revising 
isn't ever hungry any more, but gets hunger headaches reminding her to eat. not fair. 
isn't feelin so hott 
isn't feelin to great... kinda sad  ..wish I dnt care so much
isnt feeling 100% today, not feeling too great at all 
isnt feeling good... chest is weezy 
isnt feeling it today, 
isnt feeling much love today 
isn't feeling so well 
isn't feeling the greatest today   Stupid Summer Colds!
Isn't feeling to good 
isn't feeling to good at all 
isn't feeling to wonderful 
isn't feeling too great 
isnt feeling very well today.... 
isn't feeling well at all this morning, I hate having allergies... But oh well still gotta do what needs to be done, class then work 
Isnt feeling well today. 
isn't feeling well.... Maybe that's why i've been so tired lately. Not god!  boo hoo!   *Jess*
Isn't getting updates when singmeasmile tweets. 
Isnt going 2 mutual. Sorry guys! 
isnt going iceland  siobhan's dont  like rainnn    (n)
Isn't going out after all...   Bars are fine, but house parties aren't really my cup of tea.
isn't going out 'till late, Im bored atm  people; amuuuse me?
isn't going to get to hang out with the bestie until next weekend. Sad day. 
isn't going to London anymore 
isn't going to make it to #vocampdc &lt;srxhashtag://vocampdc,&gt; today 
isn't going to make it to #vocampdc today, either  sigh.
isn't going to the ball nemr  ... o well?
isn't gonna pout that there's no Sacred Dance tonight..  oops! ;) hehe Okay, everything for a reason.. and it's Friday! YAY! *happy dance*
Isn't gunna see her love for three weeks. 
isn't happy that it's cloudy and dark today 
Isn't happy that magic lost 
isn't having any luck finding a linux program that's compatible with ichat. 
isn't having as good a day as normally so because it's poo out 
isn't having much fun  I'm so sick of these drunk losers
Isn't here any one to help me out on wordpress? 
isn't homeless now, just needs something to fill the empty space   Ah well, bring on the 80 hour work weeks of summer
isn't impressed that the weather is going to be pants this weekend 
isnt impressed with the weather 
isn't in her hometown any more. so sadd. 
Isn't it Friday Yet?!?!?! 
Isn't it funny how we meet &quot;the one&quot; of our dreams and one day you can't remember what was the reason he was&quot; the one&quot;. FML I'm so sad 
Isn't it possible to have one week w/o another outrageous message from one german politician  ban killergames, ban the internet what next?
isn't liking the bad weather today. 
isn't liking the rain.  
isn't looking forward to getting up really early tomorrow 
Isn't looking forward to going to work tonight. 
Isn't looking good poss  @AbbyJay87
Isn't night time cold medicine supposed to help you sleep? The one I took had me keep waking up all hours of the night.  tired &amp; still ...
Isn't on a boat. 
isn't on her way to dc. 
isn't quite sure whats going on these days now 
isn't ready to leave pe2 behind  but is so stoked for nashiesss &lt;3
isn't seeing Transformers again, instead I'm in Topshop, looking at clothes I can't afford 
Isn't shopping at ASDA fun? 
isn't sooo good  
isn't sure if I should be happy that the wings are doing good (since I loved them) or be sad bc the hawks suck. Like every Chicago team 
isn't sure what to do. Oh, the predicament 
isn't there a direct flight possible from Belgium to Pisa ? 
Isn't this software day? No 3.0 for me yet  - teaching my doctoral proseminar on networked organizations and technologies.
isn't up for work today. ohhh welllll. 
isn't used to drinking beer anymore   awtch
Isn't well. Having blood samples taken tomorrow 
ispunk@ i know right?  isnt that frickin insane?! i think its because i just got this phone last june.  boo 
ispunk@ i wish you could be here for it too 
iss Boredd 
iss in a ( blah blah ) mood &amp;; + starvinq like shitt .  uqhhh . . anyways .  @2Greedy where you at ; i miss you .
Iss sad bc nick ant textn me 
iss soo stresssed form homeworkk ! *sighh* Doo Doo Lifess Good! 
Iss Tiredd Andd Poorly 
Isss boredddd, gotta be up in the morningg 
isssssss by herself. 
it absolutely breaks my heart when my favourite couples split up 
It actually wasnt that nice  Swift Hound = Fail! But I did get my lemon! (Y)
It ain't a good morning when you're woken up to a headache! must sleep..can't sleep 
it all started with a regents 5MH!!  im pissed Off
It almost looks like it's snowing outside - but snow isn't usually so fuzzy and doesn't make it so I can't breathe  
it also suggests that actually, i have a pretty acute case  and i'm pretty bad already 
It always makes me so sad when I pass trucks that are hauling cows. 
it always rains right after i get my car washed 
It always rains when I'm in SD. 
It amazes me how my kids can get on my nerves, but when they are gone, I miss them terribly...I MISS MY BABIES 
It amazes me what comes out of Niecy Nash's mouth. Again, must bow to the Queen of Clean. Am I the only one that loves her? I miss Matt 
It annoys me men can walk around with no tops on but women cant. I wanna get top nakey too!!! 
it annoys me when they announce a battle of the bands, and i get all excited, then they say the auditions are that day and crush my hopes 
it apparently takes great talent to flunk in an exam here. I'm too talented for my own good. 
It appears all events happen in Boston...this better not change after I move there in August. 
It appears as if i'm going to remain in solitary isolation. No phone calls for Par-taying. 
It appears as though the best laid plans are being screwed up by a couple of German grandparents. 
It appears I've forgotten almost an entire module of further maths...just great 
It appears my good packing job was mostly for the stuff in storage.  I don't know where anything that came home with me is.  
It appears that we have managed to lose 4 LEGO NXT kits somewhere between last summer and this one  #lostandfound
It appears we're about to be bypassed by the storms yet again.  If I can hear the thunder, I should be able to have the rain!
It baffles me how much Radio Shack isn't the same Radio Shack I grew up with 
It better stop raining when I go to visit Lizzie at work ;o I don't want to walk to Asda in the rain 
it blows my mind that we get SO MUCH homework in the last week of school ! 
It bothers me when I read a book and it doesn't have a happy ending 
It breaks my heart 2 b tied in2 the foster care system n c these kids torn from their fam.   off 2 the daily grind!
it came out blue 
It can haz be wednesday afternoon plz? 
IT class just ended. I'm so happy here.. *Sigh* I'm sitting and working on some weird homework that we have. Linn is still a meanie. 
It comes in pairs. The urge to sneeze, then, the urge to blow 
It couldn't possibly be any hotter in my sauna of an apartment 
It definitely cannot be healthy to already be waiting for a train at this time of day. Poor me 
It definitely felt like summer yesterday; it's going to be a LONG one for me!  Still have lots of energy but I'm sure that's about to end 
It did it again   .JoJo
It didn't even get full form  I bet that baby would've been an F3.
It didn't even matter that I was home alone (yay!) because I just got home and I have to leave for work in five hours (nay). 
It didn't rain after all  on my way home from work. Tired but good!
it didn't rain on the bike ride home, thank goodness! i hope the forecast for thunderstorms is wrong, i hate taking the subway 
It didnt work, i guess the microphone is not compatible. I will not judge before i get the XLR mic ports. But sighs 
It does   ~Mary~
It does not look good for the CAVS 
It doesn`t look like it will happen today...... 
it doesnï¿½t work 
It doesn't appear to be Zito's night. 
It doesn't feel like Saturday. Stupid nothing to do! 
it doesn't feel like summer 
it doesnt feel like the last day of school lol, it feels like i have school on monday. &amp; im ok with that.  if i could re-do this semester.
It doesn't get easier 
it doesnt give you a right to just forget about me, i'm not going to apologise anymore for something you did to me anymore 
It doesn't look like usa soccer is fairing well versus brazil today 
it doesnt look nice outside 
it doesnt matter how many times i vote for @mileycyrus its not going to make me get closer to her 
it doesnt matter what im doing cause no one is following me! 
It doesn't often happen that I leave home without my mac, but today I managed to do just that. Now home again so that I can work 
It doesn't work  But still, today was a good day, I drew a lot. I only wish I could get rid of that everlasting cold! More than a week now
it dont make no sense how bad he fucked herup in the limo 
It ended,on way home. Worst day ever tomorrow  must keep thinking about today
It erks me how JonandKate never talk in the epidisodes and dont have da same chair anymore!  they might be splitting for a while i heard
It feels funny in my tummy. Ina bad, poorly way 
It feels good to sit won't be able to be with my family today 
It feels like a Friday. 
It feels like Friday but it's not 
It feels like I spent 5 hours on an eliptical yesterday. My legs hurt. 
It feels like I'm going to be miserable and heartbroken forever 
It feels like I'm swallowing razorblades  I need a margaritta stat!
it feels like i'm up early to go on holiday, but i'm not. it's for a uni open day and that's boring 
It feels like it is 5 million degrees out, yuck. Not looking forward to summer 
It feels like my 1000 full combat army decided to withdraw today, so I have to fight today's battle on my own. OMG HER AND MY (#) 
it feels like my throat is on fire 
It feels like someone hit me in the back of the head w/ a baseball bat  ...praying this migraine pill &amp; sleep will work. *crosses fingers*
It feels like someone tried to rape my throat with a cactus this morning 
it feels like summer vacation... and i got burnt today!! 
It feels like summertime at Barrie. I miss working at camp 
it feels like there's a tick or a spider on me  eeeeeek!!!
It feels odd to go to sleep this early...i miss my girls 
It feels really weird to be at a club without my boyfriend 
it feels scary for the new semester without a fixed timetable = always on stand-by mode 
it feels so heavy now. why. i hate to be grown up people 
It feels so much later when it is only 7:30 
It feels so weird to go out without a camera 
it feels sooo good outside . but lexi's not happy , boo . i hope she's not mad at me 
it felt like i had a lot to do tuday, in reality i had a gut drainin day 
it figgers. the one day this week i can go home at 6pm, and traffic SUCKS  Now i'm stuck at the office feeling guilty for not working &gt;.&lt;
It figures. It starts raining as I am freed from work 
it finally stopped rainy! AMEN! practicing for cheer tryouts.... im nervous 
it finished  What can I do now?
It fucking pouring rains while i walk to the bus stop, then it stops when i get there 
It fucking sold out. Why the fuck did I have to be so tired this morning. 
It funny that even gum makes me think of you 
it gets greyer as we get further north. 
It gets harder to leave every week... 
It gets so old being a pro living in a world of noobs.  of course, we could die, but we ourselves are just so amazing that we're worth ...
It gives you a grocery list on there,Print out it out!! Guys I lied I'm not going to church.I have to go grocery shopping with my mom 
It going to be a looong ride without my iPod  
It good good afternoon they just pick him up 30min ago....i think they went shopping  with out him  @juicyfruit4u
it got my hopes up  26 more minutes folks.
It had better not get in the way of the gig tonight 
It has been 9 months since I saw Nick Jonas. My heart feels the distance and time... 
it has been a month since I updated my twitter! 0_o  Second last paper today. Tmrw's my last day. Not looking forward 
It has been a rough week for me so far. Sad right. 
it has been more than a week since i saw @princessbess    this is epic fail.
It has been raining all afternoon  hope it's not like that tomorrow. i need more exercise!
It has been today exactly 11 months since I have seen JB  thats to long. but 29 days till i see them again!!! OMJ can't wait!
It has come to my attention that &quot;flaking&quot; is at all time highs, which necessitates hedging with lowered expectations of accountability. 
It has officially been almost 2 months since my last trip to NYC.    More than 3-4 weeks feels incredibly wrong. Must fix ASAP.
It has only been 8 hours and I'm already craving more LOST... It is going to be a looong hiatus. 
It has rained every single day of my short vacation. What a bummer! What's even worse: it's going to keep raining! Bye bye tan 
It has rained here for like 10 days...now I have the BLAS 
IT HAS TAKEN LIKE 3 FREAKING HOURS FOR MY OS 3 TO INSTALL ON MY PHONE! DID ANYONE ELSE HAVE THIS PROBLEM?! 
It HAS to be him unless he has an identical twin. 
It hasn't been warm and sunny in way too long, wtf 
It hurts fcking bad! 
it hurts my tailbone when I cough. 
it hurts poor thumb 
It hurts really bad 
It hurts so bad 
it hurts so much .  can someone help me? @ddlovato I love you @mileycyrus and you.
It hurts so much if you get a shot in the same place 7 times 
It hurts to breathe again.. Why? 
It hurts to cough. 
It hurts to feel that he doesn't have a heart for me  http://plurk.com/p/svf1p
It hurts to laugh 
it hurts to swallow food. 
it hurts to talk! 
It hurts when you give me that look 
it hurts. I don't want it anymore. 
It hurts... 
it hurts..it hurts...it hurts.....*pms mode on* 
it huuuuurts 
it is  lost my sunshine
It is 1:18am and I am sleepy! Have to get up for school in the morning  So goodnight to all! Until tomorrow!
It is 12 a.m. Do you know where my husband is? Well, I do! Still at work 
it is 3 AM and i am fully aware of my surroundings... not cool 
It is 3am bitches!!! I only have 4 more hrs 2 go!!! Now, that I said that it seems like 4ever, Sh*t.... Damn, I talk tooo much..... 
it is 4.25am.... I hope I can fall asleep 
It is 5 am and I don't know why I am awake! I am soo tired but I can't sleep! 
It is 5:30 PM &amp; almost 100!!  I forgot how HOT summer was   http://twitpic.com/881rv
it is 7:47 and it is ****ing cold time for school grate 
It is 8 AM.... too early.... **yawn**. A fly kept me awake from 6AM because it liked buzzing around me and landing on me every minute.. 
It is a beautiful day and I am inside  writing about Audit Reports and listening to Sergio Mendes.
It is a beautiful day here in E. Lanisng...to bad i am stuck inside studying. 
It is a beautiful day in SF! And i am stuck in my office. 
It is a beautiful day, but I am feeling so sleepy today, I miss my morning coffee 
it is a cruel joke that it is sunny and warm today and I am chained to my desk next to a big picture window with a view of Mount Rainier. 
It is a growing problem, happening to such innocent girls 
It is a windy &amp; rainy day in perth!!! Feels like I should be in Melbourne  oh well not long now, Tash u won't know what hit you... Ha!
It is against my will to dispose some of my novels. It would be like giving away a puppy or something. 
IT IS ALL OVER. I have shaved two years off my life IN ONE MORNING. ...also just realised over-Tweetage. Sorry. 
It is an cycle  Im happy &amp; ready for bed, then something reminds me of him, I break-down, then I stay-up really late getting myself calm.
It is another cold night in Sydney 
It is another rainy night in chicago. Sox vs cubs rained out. Sad 
It is beautiful outside and where am I?  At work, of course 
It is behind I door I can't hear anything  #secretmeetings
it is cold in the A too 
It is days like this that I feel like the world has disappeared. 
It is Father's Day, how do I show love through commercial products? 
it is four in the morning and I cant sleep  so i am sitting here drinking diet coke 
It is freaking beautfiul outside, here's to a wick day. Sorry to those who have to work at the weekend 
It is free and easy to list on http://ikikiweb.com, try it out,  if there is a problem, drop me a message  Lots of interesting categories
It is freeeeeezing this morning. Wrapped up in sweatpants, sweatshirt, giant blanket and obnoxious slippers. Brrrrrr 
It is Friday and I am not even excited 
It is friday, look at mixed stock market and my stocks open low for some reason. I think it is bad choice. 
It is fun to email my Japanese friends! I wish they have a twitter 
It is getting frustrated, I am telling dealing with police wil make you feel realy low 
It is going to be a long day if the alarm keeps going off in the office. 
It is going to rain  some place in OK hope not here!
It is hard for me to trust the news about the #iranelection The Rove4Bush machine screwed my trust so badly 
It is hard to hold a baby when your arm is broken. 
It is heart-wrenching to be here with my brand new niece and my very ill mother in law. Her first grandbaby and she can't enjoy it. 
It is hot here in Texas and our ac upstairs is broken so its really hot at my house. 
It is hotter than seven hells outside today   I wanna move!!
it is just way to early for school right now, especially in the summer 
it is kind of sunny out right now. Doubt it will last long 
It is kind of... Make that really depressing... Being a personal trainer and martial artist &amp; confined to a bed or chair. 
it is like 5 degrees. agrh. winter! 
It is like 80000 degrees outside here in ATX. Anyone sipping a cold Sweet Leaf Tea? Our cold case is broken, so I'm not.  sad clown face.
it is litterally making me sick, i keep that shit in my bedroom yea drew, please dont lick her navel in front of me 
It is miserable out today 
It is Monday morning, I am starting a weeks holiday, and it is raining 
It is much too early in the morning for me to find a moth floating in my iced tea. 
It is no fun getting all four of your wisdom teeth taken out at the same time. 
it is not flowing.....why cant i get inspired.....need to write 
It is not my sweet Friday. 
It is not nice of postmen to go on strike on my birthday 
It is not only castes being added to OBC, now we have mayawatiji proposing to add 16 more to SC/ST  #indiavotes09 http://is.gd/tC1q
It is now 5 15am and i am still not motivated to go to work.   vacation coming up next week for cali cant come fast enough. 
It is now that lovely time of year where I sign my life away to Residence. And pay way to much to do so 
It is now time to start the never ending math homework! 
it is official, my sister and i are seeing tinted windows and meeting taylor hanson tomorrow. sorry, @edobson 
it is officially - 38 years since Jim Morrison left us.  i am sad. http://tumblr.com/xwx1xoj8q
It is only 10.50 and I am having the crappest day ever  Wondering it it can get any worse?
It is only lunchtime 
It is over one hundred degrees and i am seriously dying with no ac in my car! 
It is pay day today! BUT! ......  OK. Im gonna go home!!
It is pouring here now. Our GSD is scared because she associates heavy rain with thunder 
it is pretty much impossible to keep a 4 &amp; 6 year old quiet while grandparents are napping.  Couldn't play outside because it was raining 
it is raining  i hate the rain make it stop
It is raining !!!  .............my dog smell like popo........this morning suck!
it is raining again... 
it is raining and i'm sad 
it is raining and thundering like crazy right now. So much for my bike ride 
It is raining in Bury...again!!!!  The summer cannot be over already 
it is raining something fierce down here 
It is really beautiful outside. Wish we could get out and play but meds haven't kicked in yet for my ear 
it is really busy at the bank 
It is really hard to rent a property in the UK, so many stuff you need to provide and if you fail at one then your basically screwed 
It is really hot here  No joke. Must.. not.. get.. baked.. alive!... resist... the.. overbearing.. heat!.........
It is really hot now. I have shorts on and plenty of factor 20! No fish caught yet, they may be spawning 
it is revising eng lit and maths  x
it is ridiculously nice outside. there's gotta be something to do today..i want some barbq 
It is shame that BeeJive has not been supported anymore  If only it was open sourced...
It is snowing in Tennessee too!! 
It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night! 
it is so cold and dreary in cape town 
it is so cold out.. i have shorts and flipflops on.  aaahahhhh.
It is so cold... brrrr....!!! Im freezing  xxx
It is so damn humid out. Holy crap. Also, I almost tricked mom into buying me a cat! Hehe. @toribeth Did I do a bad job painting? 
It is so difficult to program efficiently if all you have is a toothpick... 
It is so hot and humid! And they said that summer's already over. Ugh. Talk about inaccuracy.  Global warming, huhu.
It is so hot in my room 
It is so hot in this cafe! 
it is so hot that i am totally melting now  
it is so hot up here. oh no @milecyrus  we love you anyway!
It is so miserably hot, the a/c in my house is broken 
It is so painful  my new vnc shoes :-P
It is so................................. boring 
It is sooooo hot today 
It is sooooo ugly outside today! What a friday!!! 
It is still eighteen hours until dim sum time. 
It is still light here!! I think I will go out anyway and walk Coll.  Looks like he wind has dropped though. Argg midges!!  
It is still not raining in mumbai!!  
It is STILL raining.   I have to go out and inpsect the slug damage to the garden later  
It is still so sad here 
it is storming down here! storming miami 
IT IS SUCH A HOT DAY 2DAY IN NY... MAYBE I'M NOT READY 4 THE SUMMER LIKE I THOUGHT 
It is such a lovely day - shame to have to go inside now but as they say &quot;only mad dogs and englishmen go out in the midday sun&quot; 
It is sunny outside. It is not in here. That = 
It is super nice outside, but I cannot get my lazy tush away from the computer and out the door.   Need energy.
It is taking 20 minutes to get from the Bus Station to the entrance of Dorchester St  Buses getting badly delayed again!
it is this dumb webcam!!  (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/3iGc)
It is thunderstorming. I want to stay home and play Ghostbusters on Wii, but I have to go to class  Boo.
it is time to make the switch. is it going to be tweedeck or seesmic? i can't decide! 
It is too gorgeous outside to be indoors   Hope your all are having a great day!
it is too hot to do ANYTHING. 
It is too hot to sleep 
It is toooo shooorrtt!! I need moooree time with u girls!!  http://mypict.me/3Utb
It is Tuesday and a working day again  no fair  that weekend was way too short
It is very hard to meet a deadline of today when the server is down 
It is very jarring to hear an ex-entanglement on the radio when you're out trying to enjoy yrself. Now i'm drowning my sorrows instead. 
it is very quiet here without @lovingvixen @queen_of_noise and @qnslipstream.  
it is very sad day todays! i cant belive this is happening to me!  its just so sad to see this through,... =(
It is very very cold 
It is waaaay to early for me to be up 
It is waaay too early to early to be up and functional...... 
it is way to cold this morning... i dont wanna get out of bed... but i have to 
it is WAY to humid... and the neighbors having a Bday party with spanish &amp; English rap music blaring V. LOUD is NOT helping the migraine. 
It is WAY too cold in this building!! I just know I'm gonna get sick 
It is way too damn early!! Need sleep!  I'm gonna die.
It is way too early to be going to work 
It is way too early to be starting the day 
It is way too hot! I will never be able to sleep in this 
it is wet and freezing here in old Victoria 
It is with deep &amp; profound regret that I announce the absence of #followfriday from me  Sorry, I'm too tired &amp; my dramatic sulk is long.
@lilyroseallen awww just one night?  
@lilyroseallen does sound like an allergy speak to a quack and hope it's not alcohol 
@lilyroseallen had one crawl inside my dressing gown while i was wearing it, had to strip to get the thing out while it stung me 
@lilyroseallen haha no! untill u said this to me! i'm gonna think about it anytime i drink anything from a can now  lol
@lilyroseallen http://twitpic.com/2u2tg - you dress so nice lily, and i wish i looked like you 
@lilyroseallen http://twitpic.com/5delu - thats nasty  but they have to eat something!
@lilyroseallen i had two inside a 1664 can, stung my tongue, pas bon 
@lilyroseallen i hate it when a bee actually gets inside the can. It weirds me out 
@lilyroseallen i wish i was in South Africa too  I miss my home town
@lilyroseallen ignore a fan  all i want is a hi just a hi please
@lilyroseallen Im allergic to the worst...Rubber  not a joke lol even tho its very funny lol
@lilyroseallen it isnt you in your vid - those arnt your hands 
@lilyroseallen it won't let me add you on myspace. I'm quite sad  Can you fix that?
@lilyroseallen just yesterday i was wondering when you'd come to philly...but i'm in new jersey tonight  dammit
@lilyroseallen lily said a swear,this is so out of charecter 
@lilyroseallen love ur backround - wanna go back to africa now! 
@lilyroseallen lucky u, its freezing and raining in syd  xo
@lilyroseallen lucky you. its pissing it down here 
@lilyroseallen lucky you... I'm stuck at work  do you need a servant will accept minimum wage lol
@lilyroseallen miss lily, ur show sold out in Brisbane n I'm on the search for tix! How can I get my hands on some!! 
@lilyroseallen ouch! 
@lilyroseallen so wish I'd been able to get tickets  have a good one
@lilyroseallen That Cant be good 
@lilyroseallen Where abouts are you? Turned cloudy and rainy over here in the SW. Was kind of hoping to beach it tomorrow 
@lilyroseallen why oh WHY are you not playing at Splendour in the Grass this year. I am SO disappointed 
@lilyroseallen wish i was in new york again 
@lilyroseallen wish i was on me way to airport  xx
@lilyroseallen yes, ever since selina off home and away was almost stung by a wasp in her coke 
@lilyroseallen yes........there are many cool things americans cannot watch   
@lilyroseallen you off to land of the rising sun n Oz etc - jammy cow  any space for a littl un in yr hand luggage? Im quiet ish!!!
@lilyroseallen: We don't get to see you in the video 
@lilysaid There was vengeance? And I missed it? 
@Lilysperfumery@ASilverDream mine is doing the same thing 
@LilyStarbuck am i only kind of like a friend then 
@lilytteb awww no way!! snowpea died?!? 
@lilzigz1 Well Damn!!! No we leave to come home Jul. 26 
@lilzx2100 she saidddd yess noo she already bought food  but omg ill ask if i can but next weeekend fo sho or sunday prob???
@lim_serena @JoeyPoeyy I'm up the latest 
@LimaBeantheGrey  I remember when my boys were young they ate turkey necks.  now with fewer teeth, no turkey necks 
@limabifrost Did they get their own consoles back or a refurbished one? I want mine. 
@limarlabien well flickr decided to delete it without telling me a word about it 
@limban please do. Josh from I.C.E. DJs has been given multiple opportunities to follow through and fails to do so. U know that makes lo 
@Limbsxxx Ain't it that the kicker? We just don't know when to stop 
@Limbsxxx girrrrl! You're going to be seriously tired, poor thing 
@Limbsxxx Yeah, I'm going to buy the first two seasons, I've decided. If I get this assignment done in time, that is 
@limburger2001 i missed the simpsons.. had a hot guy on the phone.. David didn't tape it  a new one??
@limburger2001 Oh poo.....I got all 'excited' for nothing 
@lime_pink Where are you interning Beth?  and what's with the intensity? 
@limebutterfly they...raped him... RAPE. 
@limecello I am NOT!!! It was painful 
@limecello No, hubby's got basketball on. 
@limecello Sowwy.  Intellectual property...wow...stimulating.
@Limech - There's actually a reason - I was creating an info-product and a screenflow video at the same time so I had to post via web  lol
@limegreenmodern Oooh - I hate it when pics look that bad - I need to redo some of mine as well 
@LimeIce *for a change*, i wasn't utilizing those options.. 
@limeice aww hun.. we miss you too  #yaymen is not the same without you...
@LimeIce awww... dangness!  i cant wait to see the picture!  lime green elements...wooot!
@LimeIce i think that might be it...  i cant feel them going...ha- now ur gonna b sick...muhahaahhahaa....in my stomach... 
@LimeIce nice pic limey.. looks a little rushed tho (blame sum?) 
@LimeIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  #twpp
@limers i kinda wish i was in class rather than here.  Haha
@limheeian yes.i will.but in July.it's a real torture 
@LimitlessDepth The kids lose out - too bad 
@limkitsiang BTN is being used for BN's bootcamp 
@limlyndee - mm, are you sure?  if he doesnt then so sad for YOU D: teeheeee, i'm happy miley cyrus and taylor swift has!  
@limmeister Sorry to hear  Not sure what to say, but hope you and your fam will find strength &amp; comfort during this difficult time *HUGS!*
@limshiru haha ditto, and I'd be the first casualty in any of the World Wars &amp; Civil Wars  I'm quite freaked out. I haven't touched Micro.
@limsinying haha cos i hate myself for being fat  &amp; i hate it when ppl say i'm fat. grr but i just broke my rule and ate one meal lol
@lina1961 @vicstar1983 yeah, we missed the 1st 5 songs coz they started at 8:30  we would have made it if they'd started Dublin time!!
@linacalabria nope  sorry! &quot;but what's up?&quot;
@linadarkly D'oh, I HAVE seen the third one. I think we own it actually. And YES. (although both those things are looking less likely now 
@linakumpie Oh wells. DRINK ON MY BEHALF! You should know the std quota by now. Sorry I missed ur Gawai party 
@LinaPeshcherova lucky you. It's fuckin' rain and cold in Moscow 
@Linc4Justice  Oh come on!!! I want to check you out, are you putting up a picture ;)
@Linc4Justice **cries** is it imaginary and on-existent? coz if it is, i got it 
@Linc4Justice BB i dont know  just all of a sudden feel really overwhelmed. i dont handle stress all that well 
@Linc4Justice im working on a friday nite 
@lincolnarcher I know hey, I drove past it again hoping I'd see it breathe but it didn't... it was sooo cute but definitely gone. So sad 
@linda_astersage cool tip on the packing tape. i was cursing mine the other day ;) hate sending a pckg with wrinkled tape 
@Linda_PetTalez sweet...bet you anything 'she' comes back in one form or another though 
@Linda_Sgoluppi Go away then 
@Linda_Sgoluppi Thanks, but no, I didn't. Got another shot of insomnia  Hope will be able to sleep tonight...
@Linda_Sgoluppi think it's forecast to rain all day today &amp; tomorrow, need to walk down &amp; get the paper 
@Linda704 but what if.... i LIKE the dark side??? 
@lindaaaa Good luck on that SAT!  taking the sat tomorrow 
@lindabutterfly how horrible!  I'm so sorry. 
@lindabutterfly I've dealt w/that myself-no fun-so sorry 
@lindadominique they were not use to being in the presence of excellence. i told em u were just like us. they didn't listen 
@LindaEll Yeah  ankle injury I heard?
@lindaeriksen I don't like the rain either 
@lindag199 Think it might be another bird. Read in field guide that they invade others boxes &amp; crack open the eggs. Petite birds so tough 
@LindaGranillo Awww.. I missed the preorder!!  LOL!  You guys are still 3hrs ahead of Hawaii right now right?
@lindaknox Thanks, it's because my business has been going 41 years, only last three have been slower than past. May close down 
@lindalopez srry I never got back to u! 
@lindam73 Things are good.  Not too much excitement for an early Monday morning.  Sorry to hear there's screwed aspects in your life. 
@Lindapcfc I know..  I am so sad.... Sigh.
@lindastrawberry oh no, i missed your livestream!  .
@lindawriting1 @FrillyHills  Thanks. He needs to be in hospital for a few more days 
@lindberghboy   wish i coulda been there!!!!!!!!!!!!1
@lindentreephoto actually I do have to do a new lesson plan because they are changin the book on me 
@lindentreephoto man I miss Karate badly   Sigh -
@lindersarah talk about it i left me purse :s and so we had to drive all the way back and ya i still dnt have it :s 
@lindork Haha I know that feeling.  Be sure to take care of yourself!
@lindork Yes and she was my favorite! 
@Linds_Palencia That patron shot didnt go down smoothly 
@lindsa Haha so am i and i should be doing homework 
@Lindsay_007 so I tried to send you a direct message and I can't because you aren't following me 
@Lindsay_Demuth ooh that sucks. im doing great, just relaxing for the summer. i think im gonna have to get a job too though 
@Lindsay_Mossink fuck it nee  stom sociologie gebeuren
@Lindsay25 you find 13&quot; enough?  Nice!  I thought it would be for me, but have found my current laptop a little small for work stuff 
@Lindsay3166 i miss youuuuu. 
@lindsaybarclay i had to work all day yesterday  i wanted to come hang out but i felt like shit and went to bed early.
@lindsayc89 ben won't believe me, he's convinced Margret will never leave nick  sadly it's happened! Think he's been seeing someone else!!
@LindsayChambers stop being emo 
@lindsayinspace I'm aware that you never came back  I left at 11:30, feeling rejected.
@lindsayjordan I looked at ours - we don't have that journal at all  Never have anything I need in our library as far as I can tell
@lindsaykirsch haha yup. i'm spending my last day  of break on a plane 
@lindsayknox03 you lucky lucky girl   i hope to hear all of your stories tomorrow morning as i live my life vicariously thru yours!
@LindsayLiles aw I bet your outfit is amazing! Wish I could be there to look like a Rock of Love girl with u my texting broke &amp; I'm sick 
@lindsayr I know, they're just taunting us 
@LindsaySherrill Tweet Deck on my desktop, UberTwitter on my BB. I had TweetGenius but it was killing my lame phone's memory. 
@Lindsayslifee 
@lindsaysue never say forever! But  for a little while   ... maybe we can randomly run into each other in LA!
@Lindsey_ I was very bummed to hear Obama did this 
@Lindsey_91 Year books being so late rly rly sucks  I was hoping that we'd get all that school stuff over with next week 
@lindsey_martin 
@lindseyadcock feel better  if you ever want to talk, i'm a good listener!
@LindseyBBaldwin I didn't think it was that good. 
@LindseyBeckett no i have a cold and a ear ache 
@LindseyBox I totally agree that this texting era is dumbing us down! Spelling was a strong point but now I'm so accustomed to short hand 
@lindseycantrell That sucks so bad ! Ultra messy too 
@lindseydl -- oh, you posted that, too. i don't think i'll be up in time to go to any of them ever again. 
@lindseygrr I miss you already  are you tweeting on your phoone??
@LindseyJaffe Loved the shoutout on TweetHampton, congrats!! Hope you're feeling better, i missed you last weekend 
@lindseylauren okay. so that not only made me smile, but for sure made my night, lollll. haha awh, what made you guys not anymore? 
@lindseylu My club card and picture and I just cured world hunger! And made of gold! This thing is awesome! Too bad you don't have yours. 
@LindseyMadonna are you listening to cher? :p excited for the 2010 projects   AND i've lost my let the good times roll off the ipod 
@LindseyMadonna I hear ya it's just wrong, i've had a cold for 2 weeks 
@lindseymalone That is so sad.     many to blame for that over the years  including government.
@lindseymayor is that the year you were born? ouch - I feel old 
@lindseyraye That's really cool. I wish I could play thr drums. 
@lindseyrmr i didnt want to get up either  but im yard sellin here at tracys...its already flippin warm...
@LindseytheFirst you can but @thisstarchild doesn't know either - I must have one secret surely 
@lindsita726 no, i didn't get a chance 
@lindsita726 you sure keep losing things! 
@lindskennedy oh no! I know how motion sickness feels too well 
@lindsmartin nope   the wii uses dvd discs but doesnt have any software for playing dvds :/ might be some homebrew but i dunno..
@lindss123 aww bummer  well are you at least eating something Yummy for dinner?
@lindsss3 hey now 
@lindstifa no, he is perpetually adorable. . I don't have cable 
@LindsWhitehead I'm heartbroken that this is yet another way in which our existences separate.  Crunchy Peanut Butter Is Awesome!  &lt;3
@lindyhot lol.. usually i always do.. not bn too well tho  how old r ur kids?
@lindyhot na... i'm working tonight!! 
@lindyjb no, it's my access - busted laptop, trouble syncing files w/pc &amp; other laptop, etc.    thanks for the sympathy!  Hope u r well!
@lindylou120 The next session will be the killer, all the shading 
@LindyyR cuz im hatin right now... i dont even know if im goin to the show... 
@LindyyR noooo don't feel lonesome 
@LindyyR this is horrible 
@lindz_renee 
@lindz3492 oh lindsey  im terribly sorry! 
@lindza You broke your nose! Holy crap! How did you do that? I hope your okay 
@LindzeyNichole no i can't  im sorrrrrry
@LindzLauren Oh! That sucks! Sorry 
@lineajones Huge hug back atcha, Linea! Been trynna work out how 2deal w Twitter better. Feels like I'm losing touch w my 'old' friends. 
@Linebeck Wrong  Besides, you wouldn't even draw for yourself now so giving yourself the &quot;responsibility&quot; to post there wud be better
@linehan actually loads is happening - we're making a mint. Although not that that means I'll see any of it 
@linehan yeah it was she is away in the pub lol wish I was 
@LinesandVines I missed applebees? Makes me even sadder... 
@linfinsaysrawr me toooo 
@lingboli how does someone turn a salad into a pizza? that sounds wrong, even criminal. 
@lingegoistic Hahahah omg i am very bored 
@lingfoong ermm, i kinda didn't have time to find something for her... 
@Linguick- It is not possible to write on your wall  
@Linkaxo LOL yesss! i miss you too  but isn't it like 2am LMAO go to sleeeeeeeep!!!
@LinkinLady ur so lucky 
@linkismyhero I are hour late.  Was recording vid immediately after twet until now.  
@LinkTree ×ž×—×–×™×§ ×?×¦×‘×¢×•×ª  ×ž×¦×˜×¢×¨ ×œ×©×ž×•×¢ ×¢×œ ×›×œ ×”×¡×™×¤×•×¨ ×”×–×”.
@linkyyyyy i have maths on monday  lmao
@LinlinSWE it is my burger place 
@linnel15 nah gurl, it's scheduled for the 13th of June! I'm scared! I have an incredibly low pain tolerance 
@linnermb i dont think so.. ahaha 
@Linnette1 which is fine, except we're talking about a book that released beginning of June 
@linnetwoods I've been wondering the same thing :S I just noticed that she deleted her account  ....
@Lino0524 So did you get my message? Dont do me like that  (sniffling)
@LinoLaRue ahh, my bad. Idk what channel it's on Cox.  I laugh all day at this ish.
@Linooo i knoww i feel sorry for justin more  x
@linrose nope...i dontget a day off til next monday  14 days straight of work! The things I do 4 Dave.
@linseelu i can't believe it got so high again 
@Linsomniac  once again? sucks, dude!
@Lint1 @nickkkg yeah i am still sick  sore throat husky voice a bit of a chesty cough - not cool
@Lint1 a lot! 9 exams left 
@lintably I am getting so sleepy but trying to b vigilant for Iranian friends!  hope I can rally soon! It's 12:11am here on west coast US
@Linteia me too !  i have a 6 page paper due tomorrow and i didn't even start it. woe is me.
@linthenerd no killing.  maybe i stop by later?  far away from my dad today 
@linyamc t-shirts are good. Although I need another copy of Adobe Illustrator 
@linz_lou they aired it live for you, but not for @truthuniversaly? That stinks. Sorry you missed the beginning. 
@LinzBrianna ahhhh... Downtown Seattle... How I miss thee...   [lol]
@LinziVictoria A wooden fork? a work? HA, I'm very allergic to the &quot;work&quot; (uni work that is - annooooying  )
@Linzmarie213 I won't name names, but it was a clothing boutique in the Pearl  boo to horrible customer service!
@lionbar i am already over 2500 but still not done! HATE when that happennnnsss 
@lioncourt We really suck at naming things, apparently. 
@LionEdward I can't  I'm on mobile.
@Lioness812 not u 
@lioness823 you're going to unfollow me?  i'll change! ;)
@lioney_sg I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@lionl I miss seeing immi and her craziness 
@lionslamb Oh my God. Well, seeing as im not all that near to you.. I have no idea  Suggestions?
@LIPGLOSSBARBiEE I don't know but I need a massage right now kmt I'm not a happy bunny right now 
@lipliscious lmao! i was so gutted 
@lipmag aww they shut down  they've got stuff on the ozco website yay!
@lipodoc - If it makes feel any better. one of my favorite apps on my g1, after the latest update doesn't work any more 
@lippmania it was a wsop qualifier! you drove a bus from/to a wedding? why? &amp; where is wedding? i love weddings.  wish i were having one.
@lipsandlaundry what material were your flags made of? mine are nylon and 24 hrs later not seing a whole lot... 
@lipserviceradio i miss you too  we should go see the bc at court st before 3pm the price is $8.50
@lipserviceradio wish I could now I gotta go to school 
@lipstickmasala I was searching for RedBull cola again today...nothing there 
@LipstickNYC hmmm i owed you a story yesterday correct?  if so, blame that on teaching and the massive bday party thrown.  extension boss?
@lipstickspeak 
@lipstickvegan Ever sprout the mango seeds and gow ur own mango trees? http://is.gd/KpWz I would if I was 1200 miles more south. 
@LipstickxMalice don't want you to be sad  sorry!
@Lipvixen It is cold   Enough to wear a jumper here!
@liquidblueeyes I was just nausiated and DIDN'T want to puke. 
@liquiddheaven jeals much!! all the shopping! 
@liquidindian I was obsessed  with their lead singer when I was a teenager. Like, properly, majorly obsessed. I'm so ashamed. 
@LiquidToffee No plans tonight? .............  
@lirontocker AWW no srsly ? i sold mt DS recently  peggle =2 best thing ever
@LIrunner9  I have a fairly uncomfortable burn on my back + shoulders.  
@LIrunner9 I want to run today too.  It will have to be after work. I hate that my track is under construction  
@LIrunner9 I'm so jealous! I try 2 get all the running gear, but this one's not in the budget. 
@Lis409 Words can not express the disappointment I felt when I opened that lid 
@Lisa_Nova Are you sick !?   ... poor ! Take Care Sweety !
@lisa_otto i feel left out..... 
@lisa_otto oh yeah  what are you using?
@Lisa_Sage what sucks about grades is I had a teacher once who gave me an A- just to wreck the 4.0 he even said so...  Oh well right!
@Lisa_Sage yup I have added my voice to the list, but I am not hopeful. Typical, just like TV they cancel the things I start liking 
@Lisa_Sparxxx pics??? You never post em 
@Lisa_stupidlamb I KNOWWWW I MEAN OMG ive never slept so long HaHaHaHa!!!!, my day is like FKN WASTED i go bak to school 2moro 
@lisa_sue_li gah don't laugh at meeeee, come online i haven't talked to you in ages man 
@lisa_tut: honey, i'm sorry, but you can't squeeze blood from a turnip ;) 
@Lisa_Veronica Huumm...Revenge is sweeter than you ever were?? D I love that song...it makes me want to cry  hehe
@Lisa_veronica it wont let me do it on my phone  ill do it after school. Acually come save me i dont want to go its HELL!
@Lisa_Veronica my mummy's better ;)  but she's at work now  oh well..i made her breakfast &lt;3
@Lisa_Veronica Oh my goodness!, North Korea may fire a missile toward Hawaii and threaten all out war if America boards there ships. 
@Lisa_Veronica OMFG I wish i was there  Cant wait till you come back to aLondon 
@Lisa_Veronica Right there with ya Lisa! Early mornings = ew 
@Lisa_Veronica what's up with the London gig? Was looking forward to it 
@Lisa_Veronica, Have you got any advice on how to stop crying over a guy?  Sorry for bugging youu.
@lisa_wicky doesnt it just eh  i havent a clue what its about either which makes it BETTER!? loool. ooooh! have fun ;) how was the exam?
@lisa_wicky he was hit by a taxi cause he was running away from fans.  hes okies tho i think
@lisa08x3 yea u prob rite.. 
@lisa24270 poor you. Yes no wonder...I woke up at 1.30 &amp; just couldn't go back to sleep. 
@lisa2976 Hate it   Most of the organic salad (major brands) use corn plastic containers too. I have not had issues here but others have.
@lisa87_ to be honest right now i would pay someone for letting me work for them the days are soo boring its killing me! 
Just about to curl up with an episode of CSI then off to bed! got gym 2mra then work. Work til 11pm again - I could cry!  but I won't!
Just about to go get a tea with @LizzieLib, the sky has turned a nasty shade of black though 
Just about to go into work 
Just about to go to bed after playing Halo 3 waiting for some friends to hop on. They didn't. 
Just about to go to the office. Sad to see that the sun is almost gone 
just about to go to wooork  really cant be botherd with it todaay...think a few friday night drinks are in  order jack d n red bull? yesss
just about to goto bed....not tired at all  but its 11:30 almost and i have to be up at 7  nighty night all!!!!! (:
just about to head for work, what a shit morning it is. I hate the rain 
Just about to leave for nairne (I think that's how you spell it?) bye twitter for a while 
Just about to leave for Oswestry and second Operation, not looking forward to ti this time 
just about to leave for school, english poetry exam today 
Just about to leave work for and hour long trip 
just about to run outta internet credit 
Just about to set off for Leeds.. The joys of the Leeds Etap Hotel await 
Just about to take my daughter for a driving lesson !!!!  oh I wish I had duel controls 
Just about to watch the Man-U Everton match with 2 Man-U supporters - will be very tense at our house 
Just accidentally cleared my status. Wow. This gorgeous day is calling me to the golf course...unfortunate that I can't answer. 
just accidentally said &quot;brb&quot; to the fridge 
Just added @jcarterslife on myspace  lol gonna turn in  night twitbitchez!
just added twitter to the blog...now i just need to blog 
Just added up how much I spent today. Considering I didn't get funding for this fall I better start cutting back on stuff! 
just after my migraine stats to subside i inadvertantly eat cheese. This won't end well 
just after waking up.. Im tired 
just already saw the mtv movie awards adv @ global tv.But it didn't tell the date and time. 
Just an FYI for everyone I can't read DM's on my phone 
Just an fyi, I am no fan of Twitter. All the good sites are just blocked at work 
Just another day as it comes. Should i go see transformers 2 because almost everyone says its bad only some say its good.  ??
Just another manic monday 
Just another manic monday...ugh 
just another Monday morning  roll on Friday evening!!
Just another snowy June day in Calgary   
Just another soggy Sunday 
Just another sunny day wasted away by classes 
just answered 12 convos..dang i didn't think i was that behind, sry 
just applied for a Â£500 a week job, blatently not going to get it 
just arrive from the &quot;damn&quot; party... i had no time today to wolves and vampires, i fell soo bad 
just arrived @ &quot;inlaws&quot; feel like shit, don't wanna be here 
Just arrived at school for my team project so sleepy  good morning all
Just arrived at school... Late again 
Just arrived at the gym and ALL I can think about is chocolate cake. Damnit! Bad Katherine! 
Just arrived at Wouter &amp; Nick's crib in Utrecht. Only Nick is in Malaga  Getting ready for a game of Pro Evolution Soccer! Hit it!
Just arrived back in San Fran.  I'm starving and it's only 10:30am here.  
Just arrived for the big game. There is a steady drizzle now. Let's hope it holds up and we get the game in. Downpours are expected 
just arrived from camp. no pics yet.  http://plurk.com/p/rk47w
just arrived from school! 6-9pm class really sucks! but I love the professors.. they seem to know what they are teaching...unlike some... 
Just arrived from the beach with BF but he had to go to work  holidays off.... But we're thinkin of going to the coast in July
Just arrived home frm wrk.huh! tired 
just arrived home from the bank.. still no salary yet... im broke.. 
Just arrived in Boston.  Rain go away come again another day 
Just arrived in Cirebon. Traffic was bad, crawling most of the way 
Just arrived in hong kong. The amount of transit passengers is insane and my bags are so heavy 
Just arrived in nashville wishin I was in Cali 
Just arrived in NYC... @boogdog is quiet in the backseat! He didn't sing along to the showtunes 
just arrived in the hamptons and its raining...!! 
Just arrived to Madrid. It's colder than CehegÃ­n 
just arrived to my house...  have to study econ and chem.     flying to houston next thursdayyyy!!!  so excited!
just arrived... I didn't feel like getting dressed for the party, but it was awesome. I needed that. I missed my friends 
just as beautiful as you are, it's so pitiful what you really are.  
just as i finished getting ready to go lay out by my pool, it clouded up  just my luck
Just as I thought. You played with my emotions. Why does this always end up happening to me? What did I do to deserve this... 
Just as my dream was about to finish rendering I woke up 
Just as things were going so well. Got a call from doc recalling daughter re abnormal cells in removed mole  Appt 2moro. She's only 7 
Just as well...i have another 5am day tomorrow...good night twitterworld i will got weep at the thought of my @nkotb going away again 
just asked a lady if she knew how to copy and paste and got accused of drinking on the job...she didnt know how to 
Just asked for chicken burger in KFC, no chicken  
Just asked my friend if we were in a non-smoking hotel room. Forgot we weren't in Vegas. 
Just asked Ryan and Daniel to be my best friends... and the said YES!  Hurray for best friends! Not looking so forward to prom 2/17 
Just at home and watchind dvd. Hmmm..  bored
just at home, wishing someone would text me 
Just at home. And now I'm gonna learn for tomorrow! 
just at the library...oh and one of the security guards is doing the &quot;I'm into you&quot; hello everyday   WHEN WILL MY LAPTOP BE DONE?!?!?!
just ate 8 sandwiches... i want one more  but NO NO.
Just ate a banana brownie, a piece of pizza and my dad just bought noodles home. AND THEY CALL ME FAT. Lol.  Bottlepopppp
Just ate a brownie real fast and now feel sooo ill 
just ate a cadbury easter egg that tasted like plastic.. yuckkk! 
Just ate a Chubby Burger, but now I'm too full to eat the fries   STILL working on my schedule
Just ate a Costo muffin and now my hand smells like play-do... 
Just ate a KFC... and playing football tonight..really bad idea 
Just ate a magnumethat came packaged in a shiney little box of its own.Its made me feel sick though 
Just ate a miniscule piece of cake... Now I feel nauseous 
just ate a spoonful of sweetened condensed milk. so yummy, but it makes my teeth hurt. 
just ate a ton of cookies, now my tummy hurts 
just ate a wonderful dinner. Now I'm relaxing &amp; checking my Tweets. I weighed myself this morn' only lost 2 lbs in 1 week. 
just ate an drank and talked with my dad. havnt seen him in over a year. I feel lovely. but my tattood wrist hurts  looks pretty though.
Just ate an ice cream -again! *guilts -That's 3 days straight! Well, hello fats 
Just ate an undercooked quarter pounder with cheese mmmm... Just gose to show we should eat at home more often 
Just ate at chipolte... Ate more than i usually do... Now i'm ew full... Not content full but ew full... 
Just ate both pieces of toast. Wishes she only had to eat 1. I can't wait until I only have to eat 1! 
just ate breakfast now off to finishing my homework ive got heaps and heaps of it feeling nervous how will i finish it all... 
Just ate breakfast! ill be getting ready to leave in a bit cus I know it's going to be hell with parking at smc AGAIN 
Just ate breakfast. Was not impressed. There was no milk. 
just ate caramel from a can... I feel sick... 
Just ate cereal with orange juice 
Just ate chipotle for lunch and heading back to work till 730p 
just ate coffee cake. nana's moving 2day  i dont want her 2. family is coming over so we can help her move.
Just ate crap today and am now paying the price 
just ate dinner (: buh i had kfc at glos house so now i feel sick 
Just ate dinner, here cuddling with my dog, I found my father was offered a new position in kansas  this is what recession can do
just ate dinner. i really need to work out.  i'm getting fat!
just ate fudge 
just ate her last easter egg 
Just ate lunch...so full 
Just ate mcdonalds and I'm still hungry! And I don't wanna end my lunch break 
Just ate Mi Goreng, I put too much chilli in and now my mouth burns 
Just ate my last breakfast in 'Nam. Time to pack and say goodbye to the resort 
Just ate my last mini egg  and just watched Stickin' Around for the first time in 6+ years! ;D
Just ate my last tangy top   I'll miss my sugary taste of happiness!
just ate pepperoni pizza  but no knicker bucker 
just ate some decent mexican @ Cozymel's.  No spicy salsa 
Just ate some Mcdonalds! OK i know i need to go back to boxing and i want to but i have no way to get there. Boxing is my passion o well 
Just ate super fries from Albertos. I feel sooo guilty about it. Soooo fattening...But sooo good. Ugh. I'm so bad at dieting! 
just ate the best steak he's ever cooked, was only missing one thing...someone to share it with... 
Just ate the most disgusting pasty ever! Very sleepy and could do with a hug 
Just ate the worst sushi from O-Basket in Kolonade! I'm now so off sushi 
just ate too much again 
Just attempting to watch Quantum of Solace again after leaving it disappointed sometime ago... Yes it is as crap as I remembered 
just attended our last pack meeting for paul 3rd ward 
Just away to suit up 
Just awoke from a nap, drooling like a panda dreaming of bamboo. Very moist and unpleasant. Still tied as fuck  #sleepy
just awoke to the dreaded words &quot;today is the first day of hurricane season&quot; 
just bac from airport dropped my nanny out , shes goin to australia for 3 months im gonna miss her soooooo much !!! 
Just back fm beach, didn't take camera (fear of theft to gr8  ) but snuck phone in u/wear *G* will upload pics asa find bluetooth dongle..
just back frm gruelling training session.for 6 hrs ...so tired .. 
Just back from 6 flags &amp;&amp; I'm bright red! 
Just back from a 2hr visit to the dentist, rootcanal + other stuff. My entire mouth feels numb now 
Just back from a lightening visit to Dublin, my brand new baby niece is a peach  That just wasn't enough time... 
just back from a run and i am fecked!  another 8 hours of planning ahead of me...woopydoo!! 
Just back from Adelaide, Melbourne, Brisssie, Hervey Bay and now back to Melbourne, this time for a funeral 
Just back from buying lunch (cottage cheese and avocado if you are interested)...weather far too nice for a windowless office 
Just back from concert omg lagan college have da best singers EVER yaya!! Went down to visit one of my besties Amy but she wasnt in  xoxo
Just back from hamilton... I'm so tired!  oh well! No rest for the wicked, eh?
just back from having my mole checked at hosp. It's not good. It's a melanoma         Feeling bit scared right now.
Just back from Mallorca. Found a beatiful girl there, but I have no adress, not even her name 
Just back from my MD, I wont be able to walk straight for a couple of days again 
Just back from paintballing. Too sore to move now 
Just back from psych session. Did a few 'good old' psychological tests and worked on time management. Tough when you have ADHD 
Just back from shopping for an outfit for a Christening. I don't even LIKE what I got and my stomach's killing 
Just back from shopping for an outfit to wear to a &quot;60s/70s party&quot;. Wanted to go as someone from Life on Mars, ended up as a Beatle 
Just back from the after hours animal hospital. Have a sick puppy. 
Just back from the army.... takin the cat to the vet....poor thing 
Just back from the dentist 
just back from the dentist...aww hate it. 
Just back from the RV Trip, Twitter API on Twitterrific was down all weekend  Sorry for the lack of updates! Hope you had a great wkend!
just back from the serious all day meeting 
Just back from uber shopping at the town centre. I spent too much money 
Just back from Vegas,a week of house hunting and gambling, now back home. I'm spent and have major meetings this week..Hung over 
just back home after a week in Ibiza  Back to work tommorow 8.00am now the depressions starting to kick in!
Just back home, leaving to Brittas now... unfortunately. Going to miss sailing tomorrow 
just back home, was a wet day today  but i got my phone fixed :-D x
just balled my eyes out.. saw &quot;The Notebook&quot; for the first time. 
Just balled my eyes watching Greys Anatomy  that show is great with depicting human relationships I think - powerful music too *sigh
just barely had my dinner &amp; it didnt agree with my stomach. Maybe it was because I ate a huge carne asada burrito 4 lunch. My tummy hurts 
just bawled at @KendraWilkinson 's wedding proposal....aaaawwwwwww i well miss the girls next door show 
Just beat Crysis Warhead. 
Just beat Fable 2.  
just because you're a superstar it doesn't mean you have to do that ! 
Just been asleep for over an hour. Fibromyalgia strikes again 
Just been bitten twice by a mouse I was trying to save from Jamie 
just been dumped by hott guy 
Just been for a cig break, listening to calvin harris in the sun, i didnt want to go back to work 
Just been for a paper and dinged car on the way back - reversing to let a van through and scraped a wall 
Just been for a trip into taan for some bits n bobs. Shame about the weather  fancied some biking this aft. F1 tomorrow - can't wait!
just been in the garden but i was being attacked by bugs so i came inside 
Just been invited to a old friends 25th wedding anniversary party how gutted am i that im in Greece that week 
Just been on a slug hunt, little sods have had two of my pumpkin plants- so much for home grown pumpkins for halloween 
just been on the wii fit was good  but my legs are hurting now 
just been out for fathers day lunch... horribleee 
just been out for walk with becks and thinking of that dog yesterday dodging traffic on the A1. hope someone found him 
Just been out in the garden but looks like it's going to rain know 
just been out in the garden sunbathing. shoulders and chest is so burned its so sore  ha.
Just been out to the shed to put the moth trap out - it is full of flies. I think something must have died in there 
just been playing 7 card stud, and lost, the cards were not with me tonight. 
Just been playing an old favorite: x-wing!  Anyone out there still have the instruction manual?  I have forgotten some of the keys.  
Just been playing with the iPhone 3GS in the Liverpool apple store and i want one now 
Just been playing with the new Mobbler v0.4.0 and it adds some great new features, but won't play music on my E71, like v0.3.5 did 
Just been prom dress shopping xxx I'm well tired now 
Just been sent another Make mag. Only just got last one. It's no substitute for @craft. I won't be renewing. Sorry 
Just been sunbaking. I feel nice and brown LOL.... Went shopping this morning and have work at 4.00 
Just been swimming It was great  Raining! Kinda sad  I hate that weather
Just been taken too school by Dan Henderson ... 
Just been the docs &amp; she give me some antibiotics for my throat. No alcohol for a week 
Just been the gym... Only to find that its closed 
Just Been to doctors, Foot Is Healed.  Busy Day Today, Better Wear My Sute (: HAAHA But really just wants to give up  Wish Muff Luck.
Just been to Gary's Grave with Hannah. And we saw his brother. It was so sad  you'll be missed x
Just been to the chiropractor - everythings a wee bit achy...ow 
Just been told I could be made redundant 
just been told research unit is to close in Feb 
Just been watching some videos of &quot;Busted&quot; I wish they hadn't split up 
Just been watching the official TT tour vids for every venue-Sunderland and Cov got ticker tape! We didn't get any ticker tape!!! 
Just been whooped at bowling  but I killed my bro at air hockey 
Just been woken up by serious stomach pain  trying to get back to sleep now...
just being bored... nothing to do... and its so dam hummid outside cant go for a jog around da block 
Just being lonely, everone is out partyin but me  the only downfall of being a mommy-
just bit her tounge 
Just bit into a baguette... It pulled out a tooth 
just bit my lip  meh :S
just blew a giant bubblegum bubble.... and it got stuck on my nose 
just blew the left front speaker in his car.  i also wish people had fucking manners! jerks...  [A.M.|F.C.]
just blocked someone i did not recognize.....not sure if i like twitter! 
Just blogged about something I'm not too proud off. 
just booked my apartment for Prague, not at ETB since you don't have it listed  @WouterBlok
Just booked Mystique into the vet this evening to get her respiration checked out 
Just booked our holiday. Just a shame I can't take my baby cos she is on holiday with her Mum at the same time and she got in 1st 
just boredddddd...i hv been home alllllll day 
just bought  a new album from itunes! Going to get a new msu id later because mine is made of fail now 
Just bought 2 more games for my PS3 : Haze and Skate 1. Only had 40 bucks with me, so couldn't buy any better game... 
Just bought 2 new iPhones and neither are for me. Failness. I'm stuck with a 3G 
Just bought a mcds, dropped ALL my chips on the floor, then spilt my drink all over me. Bad day. 
Just bought a new silver bracelet to replace the one I've had for 7 years and somehow lost on set. 
Just bought a scratch card and popsicle like 30 minutes ago. I didn't win anything 
Just bought a shirt that says &quot;wave goodbye&quot; and I got a little choked up. This is the last NIN show in Canada 
Just bought a subway and sitting by myself because everyone else is in exams 
Just bought a ticket to see Blaze Bayley in Newport thursday.. Im so skint till payday but ive decided i cant miss Blaze 
just bought a wheel barrow.  time to start moving some rocks. 
Just bought and watched hes just not that into u. I love this movie but it makes me want what i dont have.  lol
Just bought big boy rails for dom's bed. My baby is growing up. 
Just bought Big Surf Island for Burnout Paradise. Problem is that I now have to download all 7 patches to play it. 
Just bought cute buttons from Johnny Cupcakes. Such a fun store. Finally got to see it. Tarina's store was closed. 
Just bought diner and wedding dash iPhone games. Boy am I weak 
Just bought quickoffice for no reason 
Just bought some Fuck Me heels! Even though i'm broke 
Just bought some shit for Vegas.....damn i'm broke now.  
Just bought the dumbest APP 4 my iPhone, good thing is was only $1, but still... Damn! I should've known better   refund??
Just bought the most waterpfoor makeup ever! It won't come off my contacts!  grrr!
Just bought this baby http://tinyurl.com/o2djux so can wash my smaller lightly soiled loads regularly @danamorphic  Ta, but too expensive 
Just bought tickets to see ROTF tonight, busted a flat tire on the way, though, c'mon  man  Still pumped for the movie, not gonna get down
Just bought Wolfenstein 3D on my PS3 ($5). Yes, the old school original. Played a bit &amp; got really nostalgic...then motion sick. 
Just bowled horribly 
just broke a vase that i didn't even get a chance to use 
Just broke her ipod 
Just broke his kirk glass. 
Just broke my bracelet 
just broke my coffeepot 
Just broke my iPhone.  http://gifts.freebiejeebies.co.uk/76968
just broke my MS bracelet  @awdree anytime!
just broke my phone 
just broke one of my nails in a really fucked up way, had to cut all of them really short 
just broke up with da bf 
just broke up with her 1 week old bf!! 
just broke up with my boyfriend  really not happy.... i didn't think it could hurt this much 
Just broke up with the woman  maybe  not sure yet...gotta change some things now! ringtone, facial hair, and my ride lookin for my WRX!
Just broken one of my fave wine glasses 
just bumped someone's car  Very small scrape but still...goddamit!
Just buried another Starling (fourth since April) ...why do they always have to die right on my rive?!? 
Just buried my lovebird outback. 
Just buried Plath the goldfish   Just hope that Roo doesn't dig her up
just burned both of my hands badly  the hurt so much!!!
Just burned my finger on the toaster oven.  
Just burned my foot 
Just burned my tongue on my green team 
Just burned my tongue. It hurts now. 
just burned myself with my straightaning iron ... It hurts so bad 
Just burned the #*%! out of my tongue &amp; mouth!!! UGH!!!!! It hurts! 
Just burned the base of my steamer so badly I think I may have to throw it away....the house stinks!! 
Just burned the heck outta my tongue 
Just burnt my dinner, see this is why I don't bother to cook Grrr 
Just burnt my lips on scalding coffee now have a trout pout 
Just burnt my mouth on pizza 
just burnt my thumb quite badly. It hurts  Not good the day before an exam!
Just burnt my tongue on mi cuppa 
just burnt my tongue tasting my soup 
just burnt my tongue, ouch 
Just burnt my universal travel adapter.  But all the equipment is almost charged up full and I only have a few hours left in London.
Just burnt my wrist...look like a bit of an emo 
just burnt the back of my throat on a slim-a-soup  it hurrrrrts 
just burnt the roof of mouth with hot tea. Ooow. Won't be able to taste my pizza now 
Just busted her ass at work. Owww 
Just busted out. Maniac chip leader had jj vs 10s.  He raised most pots. Off to dinner with B pablo and sunny. 
just call me chippy, with the way im going through my teeth. 
just came across some old emails from a former love... 
just came back form fishing, and caught nothing  not one bite!
Just came back from a family get together, daughter fell and hurt her nose. Still upset about it now, poor thing. 
Just came back from a HCTIB meet. I missed my bitches!&lt;3 Lol, I WANT SCHOOL 
just came back from another crappy soccer game. the ref sucked 
just came back from camping... i feel even more ill after that 
Just came back from class outing and is exhaustedd! Had tons of fun and wants the next one to come asap. Sad cause we didn't Ton 
just came back from college. assignment really piles up like shits. SO DEAD TIRED 
Just came back from dentist, got all four wisdom teeth pulled while super freak by Rick James played in the background.. I hate that song 
just came back from lunch, had some mexican pizza? hahaha breana and alex attacked the fries. Tetris is blocked 
just came back from midvalley and is now back in cheras 
just came back from school! OMG super dirty 
Just came back from Tamaras baby shower! I am going to miss her when she goes away 
just came back from the capilano suspension bridge... my feet hurts soo muchhhh      
Just came back from the ever-so-fascinating Communic Asia. Tired. 
Just came back from the gym... legs are sore!!! 
Just came back from the gym...almost died 
Just came back from the tokyo game action auction in winchendon. Very depressing 
Just came back from training. The heat was so intense! Gahh, my eyelids are droopy 
Just came back from working out and now I have a huge headache...  Why?!
Just came back. Had crazy bus ride with KAITING last bus ride together!! 
just came from church and lunch! Now to be productive 
just came from school 
Just came from the club.... Depressed...missing my ex 
Just came from the doc. &amp; I'm sicky. &amp; no work for at least four days. My body is aching &amp; I'm so uncomfortable 
just came from the Medical Centre. Apparently I have a fever 
just came from working at my parents store, ugh... i never have a great day there 
Just came home from CPACS Teambuilding. Very fun. But I have fever, cough and colds. Definitely not feeling well. I'm so scared. 
Just came home from djing for @mosesuvere, lots of kids got saved through Moe's testimony. Now I'm at home and our block just lost power. 
Just came home from Mother's Day lunch. I think I ate too much cake 
just came home from school.. and im sooo tired.. 
just came home from the hospital 
just came home from the wedding. oh, my cousin's gown is so beautiful! and weddings really make me cry... 
Just came home from the zoo..... Early...... Cause nick's parents are here..... But now I want another beer 
Just came home to a poor kitty dead on the road in front of my house  too sad... This is why cats should be indoor only in cities!!
Just came home.. went bowling and seeing Terminator Salvation.. superbbb movie :o.. I have an exam in the morning   ..
Just came in from my Secret Garden. Couldn't Tweet from there; my battery was too low 
just came in from the county parade.. cancelled 30 mins into it cuz it started POURING and Thundering 
just came out of a system restart just to do one more!!! 
just came to school to learn that erp class is canceled 
Just came to work.. after a night without electricity.. 
looking through woolies and coles website to see what food i can get sent to Norway, i miss OZZZZZZZZZZZZ!! 
looking thru my messages on myspace. i have a headache now...   
looking to pull an all nighter, my dad goes to work at like 5:30 so im gonna hitch a ride with him. 3 hours left I MISS MY BED 
Looking to sell my 30&quot; Cinema Display 
looking towards flight tickets, direct and the cheapest one!! 
Looking up and I don't see you  babe I already miss you
looking up info on the Fashion Institute of Design &amp; Marketing in CA. bummed though bc w/ tuition &amp; housing its nearly $30K 
looking up undergraduate feeder schools to top grad schools. highly depressing. possibly b/c they factor in law schools &amp; i need medicine 
looking up very bad jokes and telling them to msn ppl... i mean person 
Looks and feels sick... Ugh ewww.. 
Looks are decieving... Words are too 
Looks at To-Do-List. Ten time consuming tasks at hand. 
looks dark outside and cold and its raining  sigh... welcome 2 my day off..
looks GOOD tonight, too bad it's sober saturday 
looks like  the sun and clouds are having a fight on whos gonna dominate the rest of the day...let the sun live been cloudy 4ever 
Looks like #BudTheSpud is back on the north side of the library at least until the end of August. Couldn't find anyone to buy their truck 
It is yaar... I m handicapped for the moment... its in my right hand 
It isn't bad today. But I wanna go to home 
It isnt meant for me to watch a movie. 
It isn't sunny here today  I am a sunflower.
It June 17th  canna find new iPhone Upgrade ( written at 00.14)
It just  has to be me  New Tweetdeck broken already
it just cost $30 to fill my car up. sad story 
It just doesn't feel like summer! 
It just doesnt feel right to not follow what my heart desires. . . Im in a new place, in a new time. . . But. Ill humble myself 
It just doesn't look right seeing Eminem onstage without Proof  #mtv #music
it just got really cold in my room... I have to wrap myself up in a comforter to sit on my comp.   Anyone want to buy me a ceramic heater?
It just got so dark and scary out 
it just HAD to snow  &gt; dernit
It just hit me that I have 5 days left in a school I went to from kindergarten to 7th grade! Goodbye Charlotte Jewish Day School. 
It just hit me that one of my best friends here is moving 
it just hit me. jill is leaving.  i'm gonna miss my big sister...
It just hit me...I only have 4 mths more 
It just kind of hit me that my baby is way too close to be a toddler.  #militarymon
It just occured to me..... tonight is Cheri's Prom Night......I was suppose to go with her...... 970 miles makes that kind of difficult. 
It just rained when I was shopping...got wet. 
it just started rainging 
It keeps getting louder and is blocking TV noises!   Guess that means it's shower time.
it keeps saying my tweets are &quot;updated from web&quot;... but I'm on my phone  well that's lame!
It kills me to prepare for the mid-term. 
it lasts so fast 
It look like its going to be a cold SUMMER 
It looks as if PwnageTool 3.0 was rushed too quickly, crashes 100% on my PPC DP1.42 GHz Leopard 10.5.7  @#$%^ $@%^ V@$%^&amp;
it looks like a beautiful saturday, as i peer over my computer at the office 
It looks like Big on Bloor will be rained out  my back up plan is to spend the day reworking my website FINALLY
It looks like i won't be able to play some DOD:Source tonight! 
It looks like I'm not going to Iluma. I dun mind abt the watch. But I mind abt  @Jonasbrothers LVATT! 
it looks like it was really just 3.5RC3 though. false alarm.  #firefox #webdesign
It looks like it's about to pour outside! And I just fell running up the stairs 
@LisaAucoin I couldnt make it to the 8 AM session  .
@lisababy182  Ahhhh ! Work ! Boo  good day ?
@lisababy182.               *hugs*
@lisabarone leave out a voice recorder &amp; have dragon natural search transcribe it? (i forgot about @mattcutts' you and a though  )
@lisabarrass Aargh - that's my old stomping ground. Does wherever live somehow lead to mad traffic?? 
@lisabuettner sorry I missed this, Lisa! I found an azalea I hacked in the fall 2 yrs ago, learning later not to trim back till spring 
@lisadoods not having a fabulous day today  Tuesdays are my least favourite day of the week and Thursdays my best (long story)...
@lisadoright yes  but its a good thing!! ..u shud go too! Lol
@lisafocat I know, they're shit. I am trying to sort out my portfolio and I don't know what to put in it! 
@LisafromNY and 24 pool aint open yet 
@lisagc2 UHMMM that is not the point.  It won't let me go online.   I hate that, there's nothing to do on my breaks when I get bored.
@lisagilpin I am not 
@lisagoo i know.  i want kradison to get twitter. how about a joint kradison account hahah.
Just came up with a clever iPhone app. Now if I only knew how to write apps, I'd be rich!!  
just canceled my incubus PTO time since noone wants to go 
Just cancelled all my late night plans... Feeling really run down and sick. I need a nurse 
just cancelled my Summer Break (July) ... Was going to see Grandpa &amp; Grandma but God called them back upstairs 
just can't be a Twittering fool today 
Just cant believe it  go lakers i guess
Just can't bring herself to say happy father's day when there is nothing happy about it. 
just can't concentrate on her studying 
just can't concentrate.. 
Just can't do it anymore. Don't feel good either  sleep time. Hope I do ok tomorrow :/
Just can't seem to find the staff 
just cant seem to get this assignment done 
just can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin. 
Just caught a Sun egg in the #Dragon_Caveâ€¦and now I'm scroll-locked again 
just caught a tiny baby mouse in my apartment... what do I do with it? I can't hurt it 
Just caught another firefly.   I miss my boyfriend.
Just caught Family Outing! omgg..hilarious! i dread e day when it's yejin's n chunhee's final episodes! Family wont be e same again! 
Just caught JCVD on Netflix. Good movie but the streaming version was dubbed! I feel slightly cheated 
Just caught up with the BGT final and now back to bed for a while longer -  waking up at 5am on a Sunday is just wrong   
Just caused a spilling of fruit punch.  oh what a day. Haha
Just changed my car's spark plugs... got my sweater dirty. 
Looks like #officialbb have had my youtube account removed. Don't know why mine but they are leaving up other peoples  Been sharing the
Looks like #Yanks send another well pitched game down the drain  Where is all the offensive power gone?
Looks like @officialbb have had my youtube account removed. Don't know why mine but they are leaving up other peoples  Been sharing the
Looks like a day for deliverys, the case I ordered for my laptop arrived, unfortuantely, it sucks - I should have read the reviews 
Looks like a miserable day today 
Looks like a sleepless night - worried sick and actually hate this bad feeling 
looks like a stormy one today.  i worry about the puppy being home alone and scared. 
Looks like a very large plague of spam has hit twitter. Sad day indeed 
Looks like amazon mp3 changed the prices back to full price 
Looks like A-minor is totally robbed! cant make any melody which wasnt made before 
looks like an all-nighter tonight; brain just won't shut off 
Looks like another afternoon of rain.  I just want a week of solid sunshine so I can finish my damn dresser. 
Looks like another day of no flying.  Now I got to find something to do.
looks like another night of crying all night 
Looks like another rainy weekend ahead    Cindy Day go aw.. (too mean)
looks like aussies will lose 
Looks like babygirl is running a fever and has congestion.  Hope it is not the flu...gotta go into mommy mode.  No Hall today.  
Looks like Beatrix Kiddo finally found Bill  http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/06/04/obit.david.carradine/index.html
Looks like Beyonce's &quot;I Am....Sasha Fierce&quot; tour is gonna be late coming to the states this year. 
Looks like big accident ahead on 78E. 
Looks like car needs new brakes, no surprise since I'd noticed some issues. Another four hours to wait 
Looks like cherries and pain meds for breakfast.  And toast. Definitely toast.  
It looks like it's about to rain 
it looks like it's going 2 rain outside 
It looks like it's going to be a wonderful day....pity I have to work 
it looks like Muffin might not be with us much longer  *my old kitty
It looks like rain.  Perfect 
It looks like there's about to be another huge thunderstorm again... I guess that walk on the beach with my dogs is not gonna happen... 
It looks so nice out. Wish I could go out and enjoy it. 
It made me think of a rhino in pea soup... 
It makes me sad how desaturated colors become when adding images onto Etsy listings. 
It makes me sad that everybody thinks that i hate them. Even if they are kidding. 
It makes Me sad thinking about Jordan being home alone in her cage all by herself. 
It makes me sad when I have to sit here and wait for a Youtube vid to load...it takes forever   I hope this vid is worth the wait...
It makes me sad when you want to share something you really enjoy with others &amp; the main response you get is &quot;OMG this is AWFUL&quot;. 
it makes me sick that i have to fake a smile everytime i see him but deep inside i'm crying cause i miss him so much and its killing me 
it makes me so sad &amp; angry to hear about kids who are bullies &amp; they bullie other kids! I wish there wouldn't be no bullies 
It makes you EVEN MORE prone to the disease 
IT MATTERS MOST TOMORROW BUT STILL SADDDD  THIS IS ONE REASON TO DIVE INTO THE POISON OF MY CHOICE LOL FRANCIS COPPOLA WINE OMG YUMMM!!
It may be tantamount to blasphemy but the Crow 4 is my favourite of the Crow films. Sorry, Brandon Lee. 
it might as well jsut rain if the sun wont come out 
it might be my rotten day...........???? I think so 
it might have been hit by lightning over the atlantic, very little hope for survivors, am very very saddened 
Just changed over from windows to a n iMac n none of my old software works oops picked the wrong time to do my web maintenance n trouble 
Just changed, wearing my white dress now. Was too cold for it this morning.  It's gonna be awesome tomorrow.
just chatting.. i'm hungry 
Just checkd in @jFK airp0rt.. 
Just checked chapters website and all the keys are sold out  Boo
Just checked into the Hotel in St. Johns, what a late flight, and bumpy too 
just checked my account balance. It felt like the night Kate DeAraugo won Australia Idol. 
Just checked my diary completely forgot about my doctors appointment after work got to have a big injection  Don't like needles!!
Just checked my emails to see if I won tickets for either Fightstar or Kasabian sadly no reply as yet boo! 
just checked my student portal and i have a class next month with one of my least favorite professors, ever. fml.  i haaate him!
Just checked my user timeline on my blackberry, it looks like the twanking is still happening  Are ppl still having probs w/ BGs and UIDs?
just checked my voice mail - my grandma is in the ER for high blood pressure. Last I heard she was doing fine, but now I can't reach them 
Just checked my work email - I can tell tomorrow is going to be very stressful 
just checked out @vivienne &amp; @viviennelim. both are inactive accounts!  I wanna change my twitter handle to either one!
just checked out 48th/Hudson car fire. a beautiful classic car  mostly just singed on the hood, though.
Just checked out these tags in the Mission http://bit.ly/qiF4f  Now I'm miss SF 
Just checked out these tags in the Mission, SF http://bit.ly/kdBYj Now I'm missing The Bay, The Homies and their Fish Tacos 
Just checked the back seat to make sure Justice was ok and then remembered she wasn't there. And now the tears are flowing 
Just checked the Jax weather and thunderstorms are projected all week 
Looks like cleaning out my car, yard chores, and more computer work is in my forecast for today. No #iccw for me. 
Looks like crunch is looming ahead. 
Looks like Dell already discontinued the Mini 9, as it is no longer on Dell.com.  Frown. 
Looks like everyone wants to be like #squarespace these days... How come I can't win 
looks like Free Realms site is down or taking a really long time to load 
looks like gmail is down 
Looks like I have no record of my BSAC qualification, guess I'll have to dive with the beginners this holiday 
looks like I have reached my 2000 limit  But I want to follow more of you  come on twitter, give us chance to follow than than 2000 ;)
Looks like I have to wait even longer until I get my tripods, the site states back ordered  Gutted
Looks like I killed my Plumeria rubra &quot;Saraburi Rainbow&quot; when I closed the greenhouse!  
Looks like i may not be attending the Microsoft Press Briefing after all. My All Access pass may not cover the lack of formal invitation. 
Looks like I might have been wrong - All is I see Amazon releasing the mods to GPL code they use, not the actual Kindle source. 
Looks like I might lose my car 
Looks like i missed a great BT game in order to go to a cancelled training  not happy
looks like i need to do more research. SO lame 
looks like I will be going to work tomorrow - I didnt win the 40 million 
looks like i will be in atl tonight!! 
looks like i will be using parallels more on my mbp, for my suuntodive computer software, for mindmanager version8 and irex software 
Looks like I will probably be staying home tonight.  Sitter's car is on the fritz 
Looks like I won't be going to the Today Show.  
Looks like I won't be going to work tomorrow.  I've got a sick little boy at home. 
Looks like I won't be making it to @akchicago after all! Gutted!  Completely!  
looks like I won't make it tonight... too much real life going on 
Looks like I would have to pay 399, if I upgraded to new 16 g iPhone.  At least, the iphone 3.0 software update is today. #squarespace
looks like i'll be alone again tonight 
Looks like ill be home later. 
looks like i'll be in China next month then..... 
Looks like I'll be late to @CynthiaBuroughs is DJing live from now till 3am CDT http://orange.neostreams.info:12242  I'll be there shortly
just checked the scale and I gained a some pounds... no wonder none of the smalls i was trying on today would fit. 
Just checked the weather and, surprise! It is going to rain on my move out day = stuff waterlogged. 
Just checked the weather... It's suposed to rain all week! 
just chilin at home, really bored and not really tired 
Just chillin' at the house....bored 
just chillin at the library. getting ready for work... 
just chillin.. and putting the kids to sleep.. and my tooth hurt... 
Just chillin... before I hit the books... eyes closing... can't sleep 
Just chilling at home. Going to pick up my friend from work in a little bit. Sucks that I work tomorrow night  My weekend is almost over.
Just chilling now till 9, then off too work 
Just chilling out listening to last nights @Kutski show.. Missed it last night 
just chilling with my mates before they go to spain  .......what will i do without them???
Looks like ill be watching the game from home 
Looks like I'll be watching the wings from home... alone, again. 
Looks like i'm about to get visitors.....not the kind i want though 
Looks like I'm done for the day 
Looks like Im going to need an umbrella today 
Looks like i'm gonna af late on my first day... Traffic on ring utrecht ftl! Omw 40 mins now, not even on the A27 yet 
Looks like I'm gonna get wet today then 
Looks like I'm gonna have to find Alvin a new home  that was short lived!  Honey is furious and keeps trying to attack him!
looks like im gonna have to pull an all nighter 
looks like I'm gonna miss MTV Movie Award today, my dad rules the TV for some soccer match  I'll see the re-broadcast 2morrow!
Looks like im not getting that new car after all  Fail
Looks like I'm not going to the forgive durden concert tonight  everybody bailed and my dad won't let me go alone 
looks like im not having a roast  looks like im doing @FrankieTheSats style and pot noodle for me it is xx
Looks like i'm pretty much poor now. 
looks like i'm puddying up a hole but i'm actually jus trying to feed myself, copped 3 injections in my mouth 2day... xray 2mro 
Looks like I'm rebuilding a Transmission   wah wah wahhhhhhh.
Looks like I'm staying in again. Thanks tonsillitis 
looks like I'm stuck home alone for the night  ordering some food and finding a movie to watch I guess
Looks like ima go eat by myself 
Looks like imma have to get me a new laptop the processor is waay to slow on mine &amp; not enough RAM/hard drive  lived a good life lol
Looks like inFamous might have to wait, cant afford that AND big surf island in one week 
looks like it got cloudy again outside! and i have nothing to do tonight! boo friday 
looks like it is getting ready to rain! 
looks like it is going to be another boring Saturday around the house 
Looks like it will be a quick series for the Pistons   I doubt I'll stay up to watch the WIngs
Looks like it'll be a week or two before TweetDeck accumulates all of the people I follow so I can start making groups. 
looks like its a day of not eating. really ill 
Looks like it's a lonely lunch for me today 
looks like it's a no go for @coldplay for me as well  at least there's @majorlazer and vfest to look forward to!
Just chipped my Star Trek mug. *sniff* A little plasma tear leaked out of my left nacelle.   http://yfrog.com/4bm3hpj
just chugged a mug of tea.  I feel funny... 
just cleaned my bike! , this morning a 3H 30 ride , 170 minutes dry , 40 minutes in rain  , ruined my  planned 4 hrs+ , feeling was Great!
just cleaned the golf, its very shiney but unfortunately no time for the 102 step program 
just cleared my credit card bills after getting my paycheck; looks like i won't be traveling anytime soon. 
just closed my Linksmanager acct - no time for the process, therefore no activity - 
just come back from guide camp there is was digging holes then filling them with cement 
Just come back from school.It was an afwul and boring day.My math teacher got on my nerves!  I drink a coffee with my bff Eli! Miss Her!
Just come home from Duke of Ed burnt and busted toe  camping and bach was gr8 !! had a fun tym neva walkin tha far agen in my life!
just come in from the garden. It is very warm out there but beautiful. Didnt do much revision though 
just come out from the cinema only too find the takeaway shut 5 mins before we got there  not good cos i'm a bit peckish now
It must also be a sin to work on a sunday 
it must be a dull GP if the tv is focusing on the back of the race 
it must be downtime/maintenance day cuz now that twitter is back up, bejeweled blitz is down! zomg.  oh well.
It must be fun project day at work..and when I say fun, I mean sucky. 
It nearly rained...but it didn't. How depressing - there was lightning and everything! Just not rain.  
it needs to be a lil hotter 
It needs to start raining again so my knees will stop hurting! 
it needs to stop raining 
It never fails I always FORGET something when I'm headed back to VA! Smh!! @lyric07 I need u to fed ex my hat! 
It never fails, Jeff Buckley's haunting voice always blows my mind.  I can never get enough.  If only his life wasn't cut short... 
It never lets me vote 
it oblivious to the reasons why she lets a guy treat her so badlyy 
it occurs to me that this would be excellent sleeping weather. and i'm at work  i'd probably be drooling all over myself if i was @ home.
It official - my finger is broken 
It pains me to think that if we had no snow days that tomorrow would be the last day of school  ugh.
It peeves me that going to work from phong's takes 10-40 min...it fluctuates depending on traffic. I hate being early 
It pisses me off that my PC can't cope with having Photoshop &amp; iTunes running at the same time 
it pisses me off when people try to scam u on craigslist!  i just want an xl2..... 
It Pisses me off when someone dropped my stuff from the headbin without saying sorry n just left, TWICE!! oh well, welcome to indo  #fb
It poured like anything today in bangalore and its still raining pretty bad outside... was planning to leave but I cant! 
It rained on my washing 
It rained the whole day  I would be nice to sit outside and listen to them drop and shower for a whole hour 
it rained the whole day... I couldn't even cheer for the band I liked... I had to hold my umbrella 
It rained this morning but I thought it was a dream because I woke up and it was sunny. sad 
it rained.drenched all the washed clothes i had put out 2 dry.wondering why I didn't keep it for drying in the room like i always did 
it rained?!?!  AW FREAKIN MANNN
it raining 
It raining  i usually luv rain, but not at a fair. It stops me from riding rides all nite. :'(
Looks like it's going to be a rainy summer  Ohh we hate that 
looks like it's going to rain 
Looks like it's going to rain!!!  I just washed my car the other day...
Looks like it's gonna be another late-nighter 
Looks like it's gonna rain 
looks like its gonna rain folks...  im going for a walk, well actually im being dragged to Sainsbury's!!!
Looks like it's just stress related... Too much drama in her life right now.  Thanks everyone for the support.
Looks like it's time for a mid-morning break, so I can go help @JoeDomeier fix the backed up kitchen sink *yuk* 
looks like it's time to get rid of the lantana!  my poor kids and their rashes 
Looks like I've got a dead pixel on my iMac 
Looks like Jaunty is going with Ruby-GNOME2 0.17, which is woefully out of date 
Looks like laptop will be put in for repair again. Fun times 
Looks like last shorts day according to the weather forecast. 
Looks like LIVE will be down for the whole 24 hours 
Looks like love isn't always enough.  Wow my world is turned upside down. I NEED THE STUDIO.
Looks like Mac mini is sick. Spinning ball on start up, doesn't see hard drive when insert OS X CD  Hard Drive problem or RAM maybe 
Looks like McG lost his R-Rating battle over Terminator Salvation. Watered down Terminator movie?  http://tinyurl.com/c37yjv
Looks like mine was a connection problem and not a g-talk problem 
Looks like my app was cracked, knew this was going to happen eventually 
Looks like my Blip and my Twitpic comment are both MIA in the twitterverse. 
Looks like my computer is not coming back till Monday 
looks like my gshock ppl deleted their pages @mrpeteywheat 
looks like my head gasket has gone  boo!
Looks like my HR strap on my Garmin 305 is not working. Quit on mi 20 of marathon;put in new batt-still not working. 
Looks like my iPhones have shipped....for delivery on Monday.  
looks like my move to Texas will involve some major paperwork to keep my company legit. This is not my favorite part of owning a business 
Looks like my podcast recording is f#cked. Have to mix it over 
looks like my site is again down! sigh. 
Looks like my swine-flu scare is over. Feeling much better now, but for some reason i'm really missing the smell of olbas oil 
Looks like my Twitter pic is messed up. Not seeing seeing it on my posts. 
Looks like next week is going to be spent tracking down obsecure xen bug 
Looks like no activity from me till 26th 
Looks like no beach today..this weather sucks 
Looks like no break today  8 straight hour at partymart . . . I think there might be some fun in this store Hehe!
Looks like no game 7 for me  but also happy.  Lets go Lakers!!!
looks like no ones really heard of it. i only got through half an episode. i miss good shows. what happend to tv? 
Looks like Nostalgia Days is a wash-out tonight.  http://flic.kr/p/6xPcoP
Looks like PalaeoGeek.net is down at the moment.  http://bit.ly/ATuUJ
Looks like planes to get with J-club will have to wait tell tomorrow 
looks like pwnagetool for mac is out, but still have to wait for ultrasn0w and quickpwn for windows  http://blog.iphone-dev.org/
Looks like quiet a few people are thinking the same about Girls Aloud! 
Looks like rain again  Oh well, it will give me a chance to work on a new crochet pattern I have in the works.
looks like rain coming in again after all 
looks like rain for this afternoon   ... I'm pumped to watch &quot;so you think i can dance&quot; tonight ... I love that show
Looks like rain to me 
Looks like rain today 
Looks like rain!!  in Franklin, WI http://loopt.us/PcsYWQ.t
Looks like Safin will get rid of those ranking points sooner than I thought  he's down a break in the 4th #wimbledon
looks like she's NEVER going to have a vacation 
looks like that camera &amp; me time is gonna be put back till tomorrow 
Looks like the America trip isn't happening. *Sob* 
Looks like the Cavs are finished  unless they pull somethin out their ***
looks like the crazy-ass rain has finally settled down, unlikely that i will be able to BBQ. 
Looks like the delivery of my car is gonna take longer 
Looks like the honeymoon's over. Tweetdeck app is acting buggy as shit today. 
Looks like the Keegan rumour is bollocks  ..... probably for the best though.
Looks like the marriage between Nick and Phyllis is soon to be over 
Looks like the rain is back....ugh 
looks like the whole #iran and #iranelection trending is starting to die down, unfortunately 
Looks like there is a French VIP in the Dome. She's being interviewed about Cannes. I'm so bad at celebs that I have no idea who she is 
Looks like there's not going to be an August wedding....sorry cuz. 
just commenced another working week with brainless assholes! 
Just completed #bioshock  fucked off now, I can't go back and complete to 100% correct me if I'm wrong, which I hope I am
Just completed marathon meeting from morning!! Very tired.. 
just completed SM questions. so freaking tired now.  i want my aircon~~~~~ sigh..
Just completed the Thursday Williams family jog... alone 
Just completely bashed my hand off of my door handle. It kills! 
Just confirmed 2 facilitate Be Your own Brand Workshop @ conference later this month. I can't do the other worshops, schedule conflicts 
Just confiscated a recorder from a young child, feel quite bad 
Just contacted AppleCare cuz my Mac apparently has Alzheimers and the memory is bad. But they were awesome...no Mac for 2 - 3 days 
Just cooking tea after a lovely day at Moira Furnace. Back to work tomorrow 
Just counted at least 10 bees on the Jasmine and Astrantia - but not one has taken up residence in the bee house I've provided 
Just cracked a twin egg while making brownies 
Just cracked my iPhone screen.invested in a g1 while I get it fixed  can't believe it
Just created a twitter page and don't know what I'm doing! 
Just created a while loop and forgot to change the counter. 
Just created Twitter thingy, should be fun, heard it's good! school 2moro 
Just cried a little from a thing on oprah...Stupid war 
just cried because of Greys Anatomy. that poor little girl  there has never been an episode that i havent cried in 
Looks like they will be trying that new roof at Wimbledon today. Lots around with tickets except for me 
Looks like they've started filming the new series of Gavin and Stacy in Barry - shame it's going to be the last series tho 
looks like this one is over 
looks like this powerpuff girls backgrounds suites perfectly. i had a hard time finding background images! 
Looks like today is going to be interesting - it seems I'll be spending time at the hospital 
looks like track wont be on tonight 
Looks like twitter is getting DoSed.  Funny 
Looks like twitter learned nothing from Facebook over the past few years 
Looks like we are back to wintery weather in NY tomorrow. Temperatures drop and rain for our last two days in NY. 
Looks like we might be sold out of iPhones in Greenville sc 
looks like we'll be worshiping from home...our lil man is sick again 
looks like wine-o'clock's gonna be no-wine-o'clock  
Looks like youre gonna be going to sleep early tonight....wish I could make u feel better.....    @Dannigyrl
looks really windy  !
Looks, like no more Cali for me! 
loong day..... no hot water so have to sit here and smell  lol
Loonng day!!!  damn blinkers had to stay home. Oh hope u guys missed me!!
loooking stuff up about the fair. i cant go to the one i really want to go too 
Looong day, rainy and cold. Missed the podalong yet again due to RL  I really need to fix that problem. NOtalia no more...
looonnnggg day! Everything went well tho, happy about that... now I have a headache 
It raining again  I can't stand the rain... ? http://blip.fm/~6t1nn
it raining.  and i like it 
it rains and rains and rains and rains ... Oh - and it is stormy, too. Where is the summer - I donÂ´t like it 
It rains today. And it will be cloudy everyday this week. 
It really bothers me when the internet doesnt work cause i feel very disconnected 
it really has been half a minute ago since i updated what im doing xD aaah i just love this! shame you cnt go further letters tho 
It really hurts to close my eyes   
It really is chill...just a few people. 
It really is hard to start packing!  http://myloc.me/4MeW
It really sucks that GM is going under  they always gave me really great modeling jobs and I got to drive EVERY car model.  Bummer.
it really sucks that they are datingg 
it really sucks when it rains on your half day off when you were planning on playing golf..... 
it really, reeeeeally hurts 
it ruined the fiesta we had in our village this afternoon 
it saddens me how ignored danny is on twitter  #springsteentalktomcfly  spam people!
it seems @KTAR923 is down  i hope @theclickchick can light some fires and fix it!
It seems a new FriendFeed User Interface (UI) is coming soon. The current one was too young.  #friendfeed
It seems all we talk about it's tom and chantelle?! I really want to hear from bill,georg and gustav 
It seems as though running errands is what I was brought into this world for...thanks mom and dad 
It seems as though the end is near for Postman Patel, a true gentleman, extraordinary blogger       http://bit.ly/LgN5f
It seems I don't know quite a lot.. 
Looonnnnng day of camp and 69 more to go!! Now iM at rehearsal for SNL! Miss'n the mister! 
Loooong day. 666 in the morning!!! I really miss @chancevondoom. 
Loooooonnnnggggg day at work  I want to go out to dinner.
Looooooooooooooooooong story! Short version: got a splinter in his arm - it got infected because the Drs. staff didn't do their job 
loooove, save the empty   txt me baby boy .. i miss you, but this time i won't be the first!
Looove new flat/being back in the looovely Falkirk. Miss twitter and bunnywithfangs.com though  give me some internet!
loose lips sink ships 
Loose the first one with a guy calling me completely without pot odds and the second one with kings cracked by aces 
Loose women is on, it must be lunchtime! 
loosing this sucks 
Lord help me watching legend of chun li, opened with shots of hong kong, will I ever be able to afford to go there again? 
Lord if it was something I did bad im so sorry please just get my account back im so sorry 
Lord please teach me patience. Man i hate waiting for stuff 
Lord, help me get over this man... 
Lord, Susan O'Keeffe's campain leaflets are terrible in every way, such a waste of good paper and money 
Lord. I'm tired and hungry. &amp;&amp; have been busier than hell on a Friday night. boo. 
just cried like a bitch because little brother is moving to texas on thursday.   its sinking in. i am depressed.
Just cried my eyes out at graduation. Best friend can't leave me yet 
Just cried myself thru 3 eps of Greys Anatomy  I'm in PMS city.
Just crossed into New Mexico. I bet it looks amazing, if it wasn't pitch black outside   http://twitpic.com/7z617
Just crossed the bridge exiting forks  now in la push going to first beach to visit jacob!! Yay!
just curious by why wont anyone or any animal let me sleep past 8am 
Just curious why someone was compelled to tie caution tape on my car while I was at work today  http://twitgoo.com/u4xs
Just cycled omg legs like jelly. 
Just dalool know how to cheer me up but she wants to sleep 
Just dawned on me that godawful harem pants (http://is.gd/1cQ36) are a lot like the pants I've covetted that are worn by 12 Tribes women 
Just dawned on me that Kurt Cobain died fifteen years almost to the day. He was found on the 8th, so I've not completely missed it. 
Just dawned on me that my 17-chaps-in-8-days just got cut to 5 day writeathon since I am volunteering for the humane society all weekend! 
Just dawned on me... I forgot to get bacon to take... Al will not be happy... 
Just days to go and still NO GIFT for father's day.     Does it ever get easier to find the right thing?
Just decapitated a rat 
just decided i want new glasses now dont want to wait til november 
just decided that i'm going to work on my potty-mouth. it's unattractive. my phone's being silly. sorry if i don't answer if you call! 
Just decided to get out of the bed. Gotta be at work in an hour  Its gonna be a long day.
Just decided to take down my home machine to update to #fedora 11, and switch from dead lcd to old crt. Killed my 70 day uptime though 
just deleted all my bastard songs off my Ipod 
just deleted all of my SIRIUS presets  now they must be redone.
it seems like #iphone3.0 has been pushed back a day: http://bit.ly/uKozD 
It seems like all of my friends are getting in serious relationships and getting married.I really need to get friends my age 
it seems like d republicans do not care about getting their next guy for 2012.mmm i guess they think they do not stand a chance 
It seems like everyone I'm following got the new Iphone. Still stuck in my 2G contract.. 
It seems like fedex will take the first set quite easily, already on 4-0. Sod out of sorts 
it seems like it has been raining 4 the past 2 weeks 
It seems like my messages are leaving my phone.  
It seems my G9 broke again... 
it seems no specail here 
It seems our studio has passed through the 4pm Chocolate wall unscathed. I still want some though 
It seems that about sixty percent of men will have an affair during some point in marriage.  How discouraging.
It seems that children also stare incessently when i play on playgrounds. im hurt. 
it seems that the internet abandoned us  #fail
It seems that the premiere is only on November 2009...  We have to wait to see Tom Waits in the big screen.
it seems twitter is having problems on people search ... i wanted to follow my sis but her name can't be found ... mine as well oh well 
It seems: whenevr one thing goes right in my life. . 12 more go terribly wrong  I don't understand. Nothing ever seems to wrk. .
it should be illegal 2 have 2 work at this time in the mornin, im pooped! Is not fair 
it should be illegal to get up at this time of the day just for school 
It should be illegal to miss someone this much 
it should have been Susan  IMHO
it should not be getting soooooo hot  I suppose I'd better get used to it. Damn, 100 tomorrow!!! Gah...
It shouldnt be this &amp;*(Â£@&amp;(Â£@ hard to find a Kangol stockist in L-town 
It smells like my neighbors are cooking chitlins  http://tinyurl.com/o5vsbl
It soooo hot in Atlanta! I must leave the house  gotta get Chris is Father's Day gifts he is the easiest person to shop for ever!
It sort of comes obvious that america is a not doing so well when everyone you meet speaks at least three langauges  fluently 
it STAINED! 
It started out to be such a good day.... 
Just deleted my first blog, I didn't get around to posting anything and don't want unfinished material hangin' around on the web. 
Just deleted my Plurk account   It makes me sad, but I just don't have the time to devote to it!  Maybe one day I will Plurk again...
Just delivered xbox 360 to Microsoft A&amp;E departmant, 
Just depressed 
just designed a terrific stage, that probably won't fit in the venue it's supposed to 
Just designed some converse... not buying them though 
just dicovered that shopping at Aldi is no cure for being broke, that was fucking disgusting 
Just did 1.5 miles and my shin is killing me!!! 
just did 3 hours dancing, practising for exam. im tired 
just did a maths sats god help me 
Just did a search now on ask.com and after 15 pages nothing on me     Aks.com what happen?
just did a sneeze and cough at the same time and it really hurt 
Just did an interview and I think I buggered it up  It's impossible to be erudite at this time of day. Without a drink in hand, at least.
just did it! pheww...my debts are sooo huge... 
just did my maths &amp; DT exams, pretty hard  but im in College next year
Just did some hardcore reminiscencing  Kinda miss HS, but then again i hated it so dang much, oh well.
Just did some last minute shopping, dumb ol' tummy ache is still here 
Just did some srs tumblr housecleaning. Still REALLY wish that there was a way to change your default tumblog though 
It' started raining, I can't put the washing out now   What a silly weather, one minute is so hot and the other minute it's raining!
it started to rian so we all had to head back to the hotel  my day was ruined by the rain
It started with fixing a not so simple bug, and I end up cleaning up code.  At least I remove these 2*O(n) abuse.
it stays warm and sunny and no rain, hate that, all week nice and warm then bloody rain for a wkend, bet that happens 
It still annoys me...(annoyed)Ang section ko..  http://plurk.com/p/xw61d
it still hasn't hit me that I'm graduating tonight. 
it still hurts 
It still makes me sad that i could have met them all in au 
It stinks 
It stinks not having a lot of friends in this town. 
it stopped raining 
It stopped raining  Ink from my pen leaked all over my fingers :S lol
IT stuff keeps getting in the way of work. 
it stuffed up 
It sucked not waking up next to my Bean!  @JustCallMeBean
it sucks because my cellphone died  no more texting Casey for me until we get back to Melody's
It sucks getting injured..... 
It sucks missing someone......   
it sucks not having my phone 
It sucks not working on a bank holiday, nowhere to go and nothing to do 
It sucks nuts watching hockey on a 19&quot; TV. I have no idea where the puck is 
It sucks on days like this, foreign moms only way of enterteinment is SHOPPING! I would like to be tanning 
it sucks that David Carradine died 
It sucks that I still haven't seen Star Trek. 
it sucks that my shows only come on one night a week  Why can't they at least be on 2 nights a week?
it sucks that the new iphone 3gs wont be able to send mms till late summer! 
It sucks to be a leprechan and not be able to see a rainbow 
it sucks to be back at work 
It sucks to have to work on the weekends.  
It sucks to know that one day we will leave this world the same way we were brought in it. Alone and with nothing 
It sucks to know that today is sunday and tomorrow is monday 
It sucks when i am finally getting comfortable with the guy im dating and my friend decides to spoon me. 
It sucks when I havework sooo early tomo morning, I couldn't even stay late 
It sucks when I try to do something nice &amp; thoughtful for someone &amp; they get pissed off &amp; throw it in my face, like I did something bad 
it sucks when you truly love someone but find it hard to trust them 
It sucks when your causing someone pain, but it would hurt you to stop their pain 
It sure is difficult to find anything interesting to watch about Reagan because of all the goddamn name-dropping 
It sure is nice to chill out and hang out at home the whole day. Now back to sleep for a bit. Got a headache. 
just did terrible on shaun's quiz.. wow  lol
just did the kid n play by self in my kitchen saying &quot;i say waffle you say house waffle house waffle house&quot; 
just died at basketball... about to go die some more at batting practice... 
just disappointed 
just discoverd that im gonna have 2 be trained 2 use PECS(picture exchange  communication system)2 help my autistic child 2 spk,long haul 
just discovered a glass of pepsi has been spilt on my bed and dresser  have to clean that up tomorrow
Just discovered how selfish my dad is. Don't ever eat up all the biltong!!! I get upset I tell you 
Just discovered I left my Rent bible and Rappy's book in Newcastle  But I do have The Time Traveler's Wife, so all is not lost.
just discovered most wine is not vegan  a sad sunday moment
Just discovered my beloved lil debbie zebra cakes have 260 calories...EACH.  shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit.
Just discovered my Mass Effect disk is scratched.I was enjoying that game so much. When are we getting Games On Demand @majornelson? 
Just discovered Something Serious hasn't been listed. Have fears our second birthday isn't going to go to plan 
just discovered that i have to put all my movies in seperate folders for WMC... and download synopsis files one-by-one 
Just discovered the my blog was putting legitimate comments into spam folder.  Rectifying now! Argh!
just discovered there's part 2 of reviews 
just discovered TweetDeck. sweet....now if only i had more followers. 
Just dislocated my shoulder. But i'm dropped off medical insurance, so i gotta suffer 
just do homework , i have a exam 
just doesnt feel my self anymore 
Just doesn't feel right withou my morning starbucks 
It sux 2 know other moms r enjoying brunch &amp; quality time while I'm eating dinner I paid 4, w/ basketball  on the background while we eat
It suxs big that I wont attend Agila Sverige  @as09
it takes losing something you love, to know how much you loved it.... i miss you big bag of tesco coookies 
It takes so much time for me to forget HIM. 
It too early to be awake 
it took me  so long to join twitter i wish i did it earlier 
it took me 1 min 19.8seconds to drink one bottle of arrowhead water. Now I feel all bloated in my stomach. Worst feeling right now 
it took me 10 minutes to get out of bed, and 5 minutes to get out of my room because i can't move my legs 
It took me 15 minutes to get the courage to call the harp teacher, but his phone went right to voice mail.  Go figure. 
it took so long to join twitter i wish i did it earlier 
It took three Tums before anything resembling relief hit tonight's heartburn. Off to sleep now. Fatigue headache setting in. Not good. 
it took too long to fall asleep after taking my sleeping pill last night.. i fear they are not working as good as they used to 
it turned out nice today back to work this afternoon 
It turns out my night wasnt as amazing as i thought it would be  the sweetest people that are over are being SO STUPID! It heartbreaking!
It turns out that she will leave for India in July 
It turns out that Tweetie-without-ads is NOT free 
it turns out, isnâ€™t a Jedi 
it upsets me 3oh!3 are played on british mainstream tv. they were always mine and louise's little joke band of whiteboy rappers 
It upsets me so much they never did a London cast recording with Ewan and Jane  She was so amazing - stole the whole show.
it was 2 days ago..but i can't survive.... i miss it so much 
It was 4 lanes for about 2 miles.  Now I'm stopped sta work zone. Dang 
It was 75 deg last sat when I wasn't on at Globe - today it's pouring and 12 deg and I am on a double  And it's the dreary R &amp; J! :-p
it was a beautiful day with one dear to me.. but not all of them  ~...i pray for strength daily, Lord please grant me the serenity...~
It was a good 7 years. 
It was a great day until the sun went away and it started to rain 
it was a long and hard day  I already Miss u
It was a long ass day @ Regency!  I'm so tired...
it was a tiny piece of glass. hurt to ply it out! 
It was a very lazy day, today. Work tomorrow. Definitely need some more clients. 
it was about pulling munters... 
it was actually so hot today ..the sun has got his hat on . every one has got a tan except me 
it was at 83% and now it's back to 81%... i'm afraid to go to sleep, but i'll have to eventually  http://tinyurl.com/le29fl
It was be pwned. 
It was because style['z-index']  With style.zIndex the z-sorting now works on Firefox 3.5 &amp; Opera. http://bit.ly/jcU9F http://bit.ly/s9gAG
It was brilliant, this fat guy who busted a punting boat and landed in the water right next to Kings College (Cambridge). Now home though 
It was Chelsea's last night 
it was climbing beast hill into Gorham, dropped into third chain ring, chain got wedged in between chain rings, pedal locked, me fall 
It was cloudy and cool all day today.    Felt like taking a nap.
lordy lordy lordy! One whole day without XboxLive or Zune!  the renovation better be good!
Lordy.  Leopard feels p a i n f u l l y slow today. 
Lori Petty in Tank Girl is sooo Butch!  OMG She is like my sister, but totally NOT, and not related to me in any way, and is far away.  
Lori, Happy to see the Penguins Jibbbitz got there on time. Sorry about the Steelers, Jibbitz is not going to produce any NFL till August 
Lori?  I'm replying I promise.
Lori? No. Where did you go? 
los a follower  do you not like me lmao
losecontec 1 harian penuh 
Loser. Im cold.  i don't like to be awake this early.
losing $300 to a Casino is not so good 
Losing an additional 30 minutes of sleep makes me a saaaaaaad panda 
losing at buzzzztime 
Losing at wii bowling 
Losing energy quickly....hopefully it won't take as long to find an auto today 
losing hope... 
Losing in Wheel of fortune 
losing money in poker 
losing my followers everyday 
Losing my voice 
Losing my voice  http://myloc.me/2gEs
Losing my wisdom tomorrow, Im sooo nervous lol I'll never be the same again 
Losing that touch 
Losing weight is hard 
Losr my knitting mojo again  Can't do anything and it sucks.
lost $10 at mahjong today 
lost $60 and doesn't know where it went 
Lost 1-2 to Jund aggro - he played 6 thoughtseize and 7 maelstrom pulse in the 3 games 
Lost 2 followers today. 
Lost 2nd game 4 nil   #obears
lost 300K on FB poker tonight... broke again 
Lost 7-5  now we have to drive home an hour =\
Lost a Follower Back To 99 Follower 
Lost a follower, thats just upsetting  ha
lost a follower. Why is this happening? 
lost a follower.. 
It was delivered and not to me,So mailman lost my package,Now what  
It was extra hard to peel myself out of bed today   Now I have to ponder a rain plan for the birthday stuff on Sat.  Maybe bump a week?
It was going to be sunny today, right? Why do forecasters always put my hopes up?  #fb
It was great to se Andrew again today. I miss him so much though. 
It was hard to choose between Demi and JB. 
It was her last show on the american leg of her tour! 
It was his b~day n i jus coodnt say NO  N i havnt rode a bike n 4ever...N i never will AGAIN
It was horrible night. I was waking up all the time, my stomach hurts me so bad... I can's stand this  I won't go to school today.
it was hotter then the 4th circle of hell in the gym today     ...ohhhhhh ice cream
It Was Lighting so HARD in Florida, my dog was so scared!! 
It was like a warzone outside. I hate driving in thunderstorms 
It was most of the Seniors' last days in Dance today...I'm so sad... 
It was my bourbon biscuits   booooooooooooo. Now I have to pull the fridge out to get them back! Might need ice cream to recover!
It was my fault for leaving my flip-flops outside my locker while swimming at USF Koret but why oh why would you want to take 'em? #R2IMT 
it was nice and sunny a second ago and now it chucking it down 
It was nice skateboarding with friends at home today....landed two kick flips!.....no one saw them 
it was one of my favorite shows...  hopefully the show continues.......... they were a good couple now they're getting a divorce 
It was only a baby 
It was only by accident I just did a search using #Bing, but the results were surprisingly good. Not so happy about results for Adioso 
It was OUR error! Fml Cha ching cha ching Lubing up butt for another taking.. I'm not into it.. 
It was rained out 
It was raining all day in New York today... 
It was raining at 4am, at 6am and now still raining at 8am.  Yay 
It was raining today  My hair unstraightened itself! I know Australia needs rain, but that doesn't mean I can't hate and curse it! &gt;
It was really hard to leave my kids again today, 5th day in a row of a sitter at some point 
It was sad 
It was Sad seeing my Big bro scot leve today  Hes flying back to FL
It was so good to see all of the family this weekend, and all the little ones. But now i have to work 
it was so good until i woke up! 
It was so hard getting up this morning  and I didn't even need to ! Ahh
it was soo nice today, i bumped into Cara,havent seen her since September. and now i miss her again 
It was sooo bad, i had to get up and leave 
It was sooo long since I have last been here. 
It was stupid to wait til 11 pm to write a 5 page research paper 
it was such a struggle getting out of bed this morning. I hate rainy days. 
It was sunny when I entered the sub-basement.  Now it's raining.  
It was supposed to be sunny today! Talking about global warming and they can't predict next day weather? Shit, no visit to the ZOO 
It was the floor...it attacked me by surprise 
It was to call @kjbjournalism and expect some type of explanation as to why he didn't let me knoe we were through 
It was until everyone turned into a pumpkin- they r all light weights and were ossified  &lt;Stacey&gt;
it was very sad  it was a sweet cat ! i hope it was not the cat of a child !
It was working before, but now doen't want to see anything uploaded    Deleted, or so thought, but nothing shows except for file name only
It wasn't Jr's day...    At least I still have the Tony's to look forward too...
It wasn't just sex it was very passionate love making from my viewpoint.. Ouch 
It wasn't raining after poker tonight, but my seat was cold and wet.  Yeah, like that's never happened before.
It wasn't to be  but oh so proud to be blue right now.
It wasn't working before when I was trying to talk with @mrbimble76 
it we call so tired 
It went down by two 
It went great! But now its over 
it will be a good day today!   tommrrow is graduation! 
It will be another win for Jensen Button. Alonso loses 2 places from the start if he finishes 10th.  #f1
It will be interesting to see whether the weather will keep people off gaming again..... I miss hardcore gamers of yesteryear 
Just doesn't know anymore  xXx
just doesnt know what to do?  and i cant ask for help on here
just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  Defo uggo! lol
just doesn't understand!! WTF!! 
Just doesn't want to have to worry. That's all I want.  &lt;3
just doing forms on VB,,gawd!!--i forgot some of da codes!..huhu 
just doing yet more course work boo  after being at work all day  but 8 days til glastonbury yay yay yay :-D i cant wait whoop whoopxx
just done paperround (: tired now  it's SO hot!!! &lt;3
Just done paperround and 8o'clock alarm went off just as i'd finished. Got soaked as well 
Just done with the marathon. I miss5x @anoopdoggdesai 's preppy look. He doesn't look like the Anoop I know anymore  imissmycollegeboy.
Just don't know what I should do now... I want him beside me...  but he isn't here...
Just don't remove me, you never know I may not make it back from this adventure 
just dont wanna do bridal shower or bachelor party anymore 
just double-booked myself yet again.  Terrible habit.  So much for Google Calendar being my new brain.  
it will be so nice if i can go 
It will be so nice to see the election posters removed - one metre high pictures of politician does not make a pretty sight 
it will take time but ill be ok 
It wont let me change pics on twitter 
it wont let me send a direct message to you  oh well, youre the only person on my thingy anyways. haha i'm so bored i hate this class. ...
it wont let me upload a pic  twitters confusing &gt;&lt;
it wont let me vote again today 
it WONT LOG IN TO MY PENGUIN 
It won't rain anymore. 
It won't release until 1pm est 
it won't work...  
IT work  .... drag low brow boringness zzz school tomorow .. even worse !agghh 
It would appear @bitchinmona is taking an extra long lunch break (shopping @ Arsenal Mall?)  just to make me starve. 
it would appear as of right now that i am headed to the library on saturday to waste some time outside of my home while kayla bug is away 
It would appear that #windows7 doesn't like GIMP. 
it would appear that the Big Black Dog wants to ride on my back again 
it would be a great if yall could still pray for my family and i. tomorrow is going to be a rocky day for the weather  but i know who
It would be a perfect world if the tailgaters were in front of me and the 3-car length leavers were behind me. 
it would be great if the library served food. cuz i'm hungry but still need to study! too bad they fear bugs that'll eat the books 
It would be great to see the Mets hang onto that lead over the Pirates. Not that I can actually SEE it. I don't have that sports package. 
Lost a friend today.    We'll miss you Russ.
Lost a rare gorgeous Seattle day due to taco del mar poisoning, my tummy still hurts 
Lost about 3 pounds in 2 weeks! Still have 5 pounds to go! 
lost against praful and michael 
Lost ALL my contacts  Txt me ur NAME
Lost all my phone numbers cuz my SIM card went bad  
lost all my photos, all my music except for the tiny bit that was on my ipod and a shit load more. what a great way to end a perfect week 
lost alot of his photography rss feeds 
Lost another 3 followers  Ive not even said anything this time. Boo  Im in such a weird mood : / hmm..
Lost another baby hamster this morning, from 11 to 7  hopefully the rest will survive
lost another neon yesterday    The little fish don't seem to last long at all, but Connor, Duncan, and William all seem like they're fine.
lost at softball tonight. grrr I was the last out. 
Lost baseball state championship game 
lost basketball  46-22, even with Rory (&quot;coach cool&quot;) as coach. wrist and ankle hurt heeaaaaps.
Lost basketball game  now on my way home to watch the laker game fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://myloc.me/2YvE
lost both games today  so far only got 3/6 points in nat.closed,another 3 more rounds to go..yeaaahuu
lost both the matches even after making scores more than 10 runs per over. 
Lost by 1 in extra innings...I WAS SAFE!!! 
Lost by 2points  ref was a disgrace!!
Lost by ONE freakin point!  Goin to in n out now yum
LOST CAT in Lafayette, CO Indian Peaks. REWARD. Info and images here: http://is.gd/12BGl Please retweet and help me find my cat! 
lost cell phone 
lost control of the remote...some stupid cartoon is on the TV 
lost dem car keys, but found them at the lost &amp; found ... which i can't get into because it's locked 
lost first game. 
lost first game....... 
Lost first match. Throwing up. . Think Trenton is sick 
lost followers , why aren't you guys consistent? when i follow someone i stay followed 
lost followers... sad day 
lost full use of legs...i have a cane now  *grumble grumble!
Lost Google Notebook IE add on with the upgrade to IE 8. Google Toolbar updates have dumped it as well. 
LOST greatest TV show of all time. Gotta wait 9 months for it to come back 
lost her cellphone yesterday. 
lost her chick-fil-a hat!  hopefully find it at work or i'm screweddd. uploading 505 pictures making a music play list and then sleeping.
lost her favorite necklace today, im tore up about it 
lost her phone  such a horrible day. lake tomorrow with aust though
lost her tonque ring 
Lost her voice 
It would be nice to have a day to myself. Just one, please. 
It would be pouring rain 
it would be very awesome of the 5MP camera on the E72 had Carl Zeiss lens...I doubt it will though. 
it would have been great if I would have had time to eat dinner between all this hell. 
it would have made my day to have stayed in my warm bed, i hate this stupid rain idea. 
it would not be wise to finish this bottle of wine solo---but its keeps telling me to drink it 
It would rain the first day the pool opens 
it would seem an area rug is simply not to be, before the party  It's ok - the new floor will be amazing!
It would seem the answer is no  I cannot claim my twitter feed with technorati
IT wouldn't upload onto Facebook  http://twitgoo.com/pe1c
IT wouldn't upload onto Facebook either  http://twitgoo.com/pe1i
It wud appear Nicola can send angry emails too. I should've went to all of Copeland's classes cus then i could've nailed the bastard 
it,s pants havng to work inside on such a fab sunny day 
It`s raining.And somehow I feel depressed,because I need sun  And I don`t wanna go to school tomorrow.But well, always think positive ^^
It`s so sayang that Susan Boyle lost. 
ItÂ´s a bad day in Germany. Rain Rain Rain 
itÂ´s boring   boring boring                                                     i was ill  i canÂ´t go swimm with my friends  ;( 
itÂ´s boring here without friends 
itÂ´s raining  I wanted to try out on the terrace, this moment I remember a songwhat song?
ItÂ´s raining ...... 
ItÂ´s raining in my section of Germany  But i hope, the summer will come soon. Let the sunshineeeeeeee, let the sunshine in...the sunshinee
ItÂ´s raining....  i wanna have summer!!!
itÂ´s raining...thatÂ´s a bad summer 
ItÂ´s so boring here ... I didnÂ´t like my school ... teachers are bad there 
ItÂ´s so cold in Germany 
ItÂ´s so hard to say goodbye to everyone I loveee 
ItÂ´s summer holiday here soon, but itÂ´s raining the hole day! Its rainig every day, 
Just downloaded iPhone OS 3.0.  Missing Vegas!!! 
Just downloaded the excellent Bonnaroo Nine Inch Nails show... If only I'd known it would be that awesome, I would've been there 
just downloaded this app... k so I really neeeeeed to get to bed 
just downloaded TweetDeck and don't know how to use it, confusing 
Just drained my frequent flyer miles 
just drank coffee and not happy about it 
just drank my annual cup of milk. blech.  
Just dribbled pea soup down the front of my shirt. 
Just dropped @SallyLovern off at the airport 
Just dropped 320 bones at work  now I'm broke.
just dropped a biscuit in her cup of tea....END OF THE WORLD!! 
just dropped a significant portion of a chocolate cream pie on my kitchen floor. awesome.  (and quite tragic).  
Just dropped Adam off at the Alaska air terminal ... 
Just dropped Alek off, didn't work out (mother nature) ughh 
Just dropped amber  crushed
Just dropped an omelette right in my lap! 
Just dropped C off at the airport 
Just dropped cuz off   
Just dropped da kids off to go to camp....im gonna miss my lil micah 
Just dropped Erin off at the airport 
Just dropped four of my freshly-bought bagels on the floor.     Bagel bummer.
Just dropped Jessie off at the airport.... Gunna miss her 
Just dropped Joe off at home  but i'll hang out with him tomorrow night before i go off to my trip...
Just dropped Jud off at his dad's for summer visitation.  Makes me sad!!
Just dropped Maws off at the airport for a week away, miss her already 
Just dropped my blackberry.    everything seems 2 be o.k.........
Just dropped my boyfriend Matt off at the airport. 
lost his camera last night 
Lost his DS  but then found it on a chair with stuff on top of it 
Lost his favorite thing he loves to always have on him, his story of the year Key Chain..    
lost his glasses.. 
lost his iPod touch 
Lost his sennheisers at the skate park... 
lost hockey 1-0  and ended up sleeping in the sickbay.  and came home and slept again. and almost missed dinner. but didn't miss Rove!
Lost in downtown Detroit!  where the heck is Monroe street??? Where am I? Grrrr!
Lost in the scary parts of salt lake 
lost in the world of prepayments and accruals 
Lost in translation. I miss le Japon. 
Lost in tweeterrific by iPhone restore function 
Lost like 3 follwers at the same time! 
lost ma phone... man this is da worst bday weekend ever...i wish someone can brightin up ma day!!!! 
Lost money tonight  support your local bartender!!
lost more 6 followers 
Lost my 8GB USB while going to NBC 09 Karachi..  amaaaaa It was new one.
Lost my access.  Guess I'll watch it tonight when I get home (DVR). Keep me posted people.
lost my appetite that i dont even feel like finishing my chipotle.. that says alot 
lost my BA115 enlisted class in CRS!! ( whyyyy. hindi naman conflict or whatever.  ang labo ng CRS grabe. T.T
Lost my bank card... AGAIN. That's twice I've replaced in the last 2mos. I nevvver do this, don't knw what the deal is? Grrrrr!  
lost my bank cheques and my credit card is not working either 
Lost my birthday money...there goes california... 
Lost my blackberry  sniff sniff, oh well I needed to disconnect anyways
Lost my calculator  lol x
lost my camera  brand new camera.... This sucks!!!!  &gt;: P
lost my camera cable... it must be so scared and alone 
Lost my chapchaps 
Lost my cookie  &quot; you're suck a burden BUT you're the weight up off my shoulders n even though I'm hurting, I still feel like Im growing&quot;
lost my crystal stud necklace  feeling so bare at my neck nowwwwwwwww!
lost my damn keys ughhhhh. 
Lost my damn voice completely 
lost my favorite coach sunglasses that are discontinued  
lost my favorite pen  - had it 5 mins ago yet its disappeared grrr
Lost my favourite red ticking pen 
Lost my glasses 
Lost my headphones so no listening to podcasts for me until I find them! 
lost my headsweatband thingy  cba straightenin my hairrrr. eeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
lost my HollywoodUnead tickets. The group i basically live for  ugh why me?!
Lost my id. Are you kidding me??? Looks like bed instead of fun 
lost my iphone. I'm pretty sure someone stole it so now I'm back to the blackberry 
lost my ipod somewhere between the house &amp; car so i couldn't RUN. just walked 3 miles. 
lost my job today 
lost my keys at the mall... took me 45 mins to find them 
Itâ€™s very rude that when you are having a conversation that you fall asleep in mid sentence. I apologise. I just was very tired! 
Italy has lost in the match against Egypt. Sooo shocked, sooo upset, sooo... sad 
Italy has the best remixes of all our cool songs, if only I had 3G so I could use shazam 
Italy not playing so good ts ts ts 
Italy's new logo. http://bit.ly/vptvV  Obscene. Please everybody,don't think THIS is Italy 
itch is gone just need to get rid of the aftermath red spots all over my thighs 
itching everywhere from mosquito bites . grrrrrr 
itching eyes FINALLY subsiding from allergies....better put on sum make up fore i scare someone 
Itching soooo much  used cream that i have allergies to...
itchy back!! dont ya hate it!
itchy eyes, scratchy throat, runny nose. allergy season is so late this year 
Itchy Finger  lol. @Johnathan1707 is hosting not working?
Itchy!   
it'd be great if my gf was interested in talking to me rather than being on the cpu, but I guess im not that lucky  goodnight twitter.
it'd be great if some opensource luminary would record 'talk' files for #rockbox  the daleky voice is unimpressive 
ithe weather is really bad, it's rainy here, very oppressive. I hope that the trip's weather won't be so 
itï¿½s raining... I hate rain...  going to shop and drink coffee all day.
Itinerary: Bed, get up, work, free! Hogie leaves tomorrow. Doesn't seem like it's been 10 days already.  *sniff*
It'll &quot;go,&quot; Julie, right up the old wazoo. 
it'll all be ok.. til thursday 
It'll be sad when we get older and all our friends start dying age-related deaths. 
It'll work at my mums so I'll do it next week when I'm at hers, if I can 
lost my left contact  this is an expensive night
lost my leopard gecko. somehow is crawled out of it's cage. I can't find it and I ready to cry. My morning just isn't going well. 
lost my lucky penny in the middle of the round  didnt end well ....
Lost my match  lol now gunna be in a rumble
Lost my mobile Twitter and been feeling lost for the last few days..   Working hard to correct the problem PBP! Stay Tuned!
lost my necklace  crappy...
Lost my passport!  There goes my trip to Iran to help protest 
lost my pendant from chile 
lost my phone   don't call.
Lost my phone  Lifeline has vanished! So I activated and am using old Palm Treo for now. Pheww... am still connected to the mobile world!
Lost my phone  now I have officially converted to the iPhone! Please send me your numbersss
lost my phone again!  hate that happened again...
lost my phone charger 
Lost my phone in yesterdays rockshow at PESIT  lost all my contacts my number ;'( oh my god
lost my phone permanently.   i need to get a new one! tonight: going to the brett michaels concert at the del mar fair w/bri &amp; michelle!
Lost my phone some where.maybe in the grass, its just so long, hope it doesn't rain 
Lost my phone!!! 
lost my phone...again 
Lost my phone...This means I about to get something better! In the interim, I feel naked withouth it 
lost my phoneee  ....
Lost my picture... 
lost my pink nail kit and I highly doubt there more at work 
lost my ray bans 
Lost my soccer game  2-1.... Oh well we'll win next time and go out with a bang!
Lost my social security card 
Lost my sunnies at WLS  why be so forgetful for! But I had a great time!
Lost my temper today. I feel bad.  
lost my tennis match 
lost my voice 
lost my voice!! 
lost my voice. right before my sweet sixteen..greatt 
Lost my voice...what is left makes me sound like a dirty old man 
Lost my wallet...can't take lsat without it...tore my house apart...now im upset and living in a messy house 
lost my watch 
lost my Zune's usb cable 
Lost on the A1, susie the sat nav is a absolute tool and clearly making the way up as we go along 
lost one of my favourite earrings 
lost one of my SD cards while in Sydney - the one with all Az's monkey photos on it   @leigh_richards @breathefilms @kerwinrae, seen it?
Lost our first baseball game today.  Not so happy 
lost our first game of the season  probably going to jills house!
lost our softball game  also got hurt...baseball size knot on by calf 
Lost part of a toenail last night at Sur  Damn navigation. BUT, I did gain a tango student!  Yay! (not the guy that hurt me, diff. guy)
Lost poker came third, which comes with no prize money. I wanted a spades  but got a diamonds. Awww.
Itrying to figure out how I'm gonna get through graduation without my daddy here?? 
its &quot;the o.c.&quot; time season 4/1...after marissa's death  so sad!!!
its @dougiemcfly month starting tomorrow  gonna miss @Dannymcfly 
Its @Monday_ and i am trying to get ready to go into the office for a very long day....oh and my stinkin shirt is not dry yet 
It's 00.40 and I can't sleep - I have to be up in 5 hours  Loved the weather today though 
It's 05:30, off to the hospital, be home by 7pm.  This is my short day 
its 1 a.m. ... office day is done   where was my week-end ?
its 1 am and I havent heard from her. not even a Tweet 
it's 1 am, and my brain just doesn't want to turn off 
It's 1.51 am and I'm still up,just finished an album, my brain is still working, can't sleep 
Its 1:12 - nothing happened in streets - i don't know if it was fake news  ! #iranelection
It's 1:15 AM, and I hear a helicopter flying over my house. That's kind of weird. In other news, my headache is back. BOOOOO. 
It's 1:45am and I have the worst headache. All I want to do is sleep and my stupid head won't let me. 
Its 10.50 am on Monday and I'm already wishing for the weekend ! Sometimes, too many things to do puts me off.Sigh 
Its 10:24 
Its 10:30 and I'm already annoyed with the kids. 
it's 10:30 on day 4..... do you know where Kirby cat is??????? 
It's 10:30... this time next week i think i'll be queuing for or riding Dragon Khan!! But before then i must write about work. 
It's 100% a necessity that I see Ashley this summer. I miss my best friend  2 years of not seeing eachother is ridiculously too long!
Lost s05e15. sub looks SO graphic.  
lost some $ at work....nt happy right now    --SLOANSTER--
Lost somethin special, something I could NEVER HAVE again 
LOST sucks  ... because i have to work today
lost tha perfect person  i didnt want this 
lost the 4th match 6:8  next one is at 2:15pm.
Lost the grocery bet, which means I have to lug them into the house  lol
Lost the guy again to the prettier girl with a worse personality 
lost the match on Sunday by 6 runs...was on strike to complete the task but could not 
lost the remote for my tv .. now it's the old fashion way, actually going up to it to change the channel. 
Lost the runt of the litter, Bitis parvioula. Little gal would not feed 
lost three of my fish to a blue heron this morning.  very sad 
Lost to the scum, depressed now 
Lost to the Smash  We're out of the tournament now.
lost volleyball - won the first set but lost the last 2. they were top 3 though. played my best game to date so feel a bit like richo. 
Lost was the bomb literally! Can't believe next season will be the last season! 
Lost with 4.7 seconds remaining   Better luck next season!!
Lostened?  Clearly I didn't get enough sleep last night 
Losting all my hopes for my story and for their story.. Our destiny is the same of them.. I don't know what to think now.. 
Lot of cleaning to do. Going to have my aunt over...   Boring Day But HEY!!!!!
lot of things bothering my mind right now. 
Lots happened, some good news, but also some really bad news 
Lots of bugs in (iNV23) Downloads System 1.1.3 Beta 1 need be fixed now 
Lots of crashes in the Ginetta G50 race, nasty nasty crashes 
Lots of fox still here  they just sent some crowd wrangling minions home.
lots of hate going on on ning by the aussie fans. 
Lots of homework to do 
lots of homework to do after coming back from turkey! wah 
lots of last minute errands on my last day in beantown. 
Lots of noisy peeps outside 
lots of people being laid off at work today...oops, I mean, &quot;resources are being realigned to better foster growth opportunities.&quot; 
Lot's of rain means intervals on the turbo instead of Cutgate 
lots of Reqs today.... no fun 
Lots of revision to do tonight too for my final assessments. More assessments today as well, 90% pass mark is harsh 
lots of road paving over here in Union City, traffic 
Lots of stars but no blue box 
Lots of stuff on my mind right now. Can't sleep  http://ff.im/2SE5i
lots of things to do and Still have no IDEA how to do them 
Lots of thoughts and prayers today....... 
lots of traffic going to mohegan 
LOTS OF WIND AND RAIN IN NYC...     AND COLD!!  SHOULD BE A GREAT WEEKEND.
Lots of work making me slow..... 
Lots of work to do today. But the outside world looks so shiny and bright and fun and happy thru the window, asking me to join... 
Lots of work to do tonight... not going to sleep anytime soon 
Lots on the agenda today: studying, blog update, feature story draft - so much for a lazy sunday 
lots to do 2day...leaving Orlando 2mrw 
lots to do today, probably a good thing it's raining and I can't bike 
lots to do when I finally get off of work!  this is about to become a busy 3 weeks while Paul recovers!
lotsa water. it's already dark out 
lotus festival canceled this year    http://bit.ly/3MD9aQ
Louboutin, napa inda gitau you were in Brunei!!!!! 
Loud thud outside - I thought a baseball hit the wall below the window.   But I wasn't sure.  My skin's still burning 
Loui is scared to death! Poor dog 
Louie Is sad one of his friends has their gpa n the hospital  my thoughts r w u &amp; ur family sir!!!
louise is being mean again 
loungin... a lil too much sun today... ouch 
lounging about.... got a sore head 
lounging all day. banquet tonight at 6--not happy about missing the bachelorette 
Lounging by my pool all day ...simply amazing I don't want this day to end 
Love 2 go 2 the Big Country Bash in IA on the 28th to see Gloriana, but don't have the money and nobody to go with me  
Love almost always ends with a teardrop. 
love being away, out and about listening to everyone talk about their urban lives, sitting in the sun... but miss my house 
Love being locked out of my house... It wouldn't be so bad if Max wasn't crying and barking from the other side of the door 
love can hurt but it's something you get used to 
Love cuddling with my little guy - he has a summer cold 
love EASports active-since not lucky enough to win one  w/be purchasing &amp;quickly shedding the LBS cuz i got LBS to spare! #EASactive baby!
Love Farrah Fawcett this is sooo sad  America's sweetheart RIP
love fishing just not 4 my phone 
Love getting caught in the rain with no umbrella or shelter. 
Just dropped my cam and broke it. 
Just dropped my gamma off at the airport 
Just dropped my giant coffee in the parking lot.  And said nooooo! as it played out. Plus my phone is acting funky. Grrreat.
Just dropped my headphones in a cup of water  great
Just dropped my muffin on the floor.  
Just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    #fb
Just dropped my sister off at the airport and now I'm sad. 
Just dropped off J  sad for me, but happy for the rest of the family.
Just dropped off Koalie at the babysitters. Now i got to go to work 
Just dropped off Kristi  didn't want her to go.
Just dropped off my bike... It's going to take a couple of days. 
just dropped off my girls. 
Just dropped off Phoenix at Rocky's mom's house.  I won't see him until Saturday night. This is so weird.
Just dropped off shauno at the airport 
Just dropped off the lil sis.. Day goes from incredible to sad.. I love that little girl.. 
Just dropped our pooopy to the vet..he loses his manhood today 
Just dropped son off at Airport, he's off to Orlando &amp; NYC - Daughter was at Britney O2 Concert last night,me? Reading  Sunday papers 
Just dropped the iPod on my faceee... Bounced off the bridge of my nose and hit my eye  best not bruise!
Just dropped the kids off 
Just dropped the mother-in-law off at the train station. Oxford hot and busy. A/C not working in the car 
just dropped the Wysong's off at the airport. 
Just dropped trash juice all over me.. It's chocolate so it looks like period.... I am so dirty now and I smell like sour milk...  FM ...
Just drove by a dead bunny.  bad omen?
Just eased money 
Just eat something and now I feel sick  hopefully we will open soon I am watching fight club!
Just eaten a full pack of chocolate, I could actually chuck my guts up 
Just eaten at Walton pier. Feel well fat 
just eaten quite a large portion of &quot;Half Baked&quot; ice cream and now feel sicky 
just eaten sausage sarnies - now i feel sick again 
Just e-mail my @kathryn_ryan...I really do miss her 
just emailed amy in Vietnamm. I miss her sooooooooo much  hope she's okayyy
LOVE getting gifts in the mail from my very wonderful friends back home!! How I miss Myrtle Beach so much... A little homesick today 
Love getting sworn at in work 
love going to bed at 2 am...ughhh 
Love great service when eating out. 
Love her voice  too bad she wants to die â™« http://blip.fm/~8d209
love him to death for real i'd do anything for the man, thought i was over those kinda of feelings but i guess not..  and it sux
Love how I have a chip on the side of my macbook 
Love how I put the thinner duvet on as it's been so warm and now tonight it's FREEZING  time to snuggle down as best I can. N'night. X
Love hurts 
Love in the club.... nope - people fighting 
love is so complicated. everything just went wrong at the exact same moment 
Love is... paying her fines as well 
Love ITVs Benidiorm! Time to catch up on some sleep. Long day tomorrow 
love knock you down love love love it on the radio ...............5 minutes later..............   
Love LA but tons of dudes have &quot;fashion mullets&quot; here 
Love me back 
Love me pretend that you love me, lead me... just say that you need me... I can't care about anything but you 
love my allergist specialist - calls me kid!  not feeling that i need to continue weekly shots though 
Love my baby soo much! He's what keeps me going.. Miss u too much  xoxo http://myloc.me/27fY
love my bb but got me the wrong kind of peanut butter  can't get this stuff out of the jar
Love my friends for calling me from the @Coldplay concert since I couldn't go 
Love my Mac but the Apple Airport Express sucks! 
Love my new 14 meg O2 Broadband. Shame about the MacBook's ropey wi-fi  
love my new bike!  but miss my cat  dang coyotes.  i will run them down on my new bike. poor little Rocco!
Love my new tattoo but it still hurts 
Love my pigtail girl dolls but, finding them too hard to stuff without getting lumpy. Hope I don't have to retire them. 
just emptied out the bird box, 6 dead baby blue tits  so sad, and a handful of maggots ewww.
Just ended a snails life. By accident of course, just like that.  I wish they would just stick to the walls.
just ended dj-ing. tired after talking so much partner-less. 
Just ended his last appt, surprisingly fast but guess what ?, now it's already 7 pm and he hasn't had his lunch yet 
just enjoing my only day off sucks gotta go 2 work 2morrow!! feeling depressed!!!! 
just enjoyed a complete &amp; utter Estrogen FAIL    A new patch,  a short nap, cuppa Tea &amp; hopefully I'll be back to my normal weirdness!
Just enjoyed morning lap time with the cat. She's wandered off to nap, so now I get to work 
just enjoyed some delicious grapefruit and croissant. time to prep quickly to head out to the memorial....what a gloomy day outside!  
Just enjoying the sun... shame i can't get a tan! not allowed out long enough 
just escaped from the killer bee thats in my lounge, gaah. it's like as big as me no joke! i was scared i was gunna get stung 
Just experienced my first basil joint at the local thai restaurant... Gag don't puke don't puke! 
Just experienced the longest night ever 
Just failed at the pub quiz 
just failed her history exam. French now 
Just failed my quiz....that's not good 
Just farted. It stinks. 
Just fed Ari &amp; now I can't fall asleep! 
Just fed my daughter put her 2 sleep ate a snack n now I'm goin to sleep gnight tweeters mother day sucks 
Just fed the puppy dinner... Played with my son... Picked up the house... Now going to find something for my son &amp; i to eat... Hungry 
just feeding tj jeannie will not wake up charging my pod im listening to new moon again and im at the part were edward is leaving bella 
Just feel sick to me stomach from all this bad news in the world.. sigh... 
it's 11.34 am. thats close enough to noon for a drink. just one this time. not 5000. i dont think my internal organs like me very much 
it's 11:01 and i'm sooo ill  guess i shouldn't have went out dancing in the rain (n) i blame Jay Jay :L
It's 11:14 and I'm completely bored. 
it's 11oclock and i'm sleepy as hell. getting old sucks 
Its 11pm, and I'm hungry. 
It's 12:35 AM and I want instant noodles! 
it's 12:38 am in Cali 	 so they don't come 
its 12:50am still no iphone 3.0 software arrrrrrh... I want it and I want it now...... well.. gonna have to go to bed now 
its 12pm and I'm fucking tired 
it's 17:33 and it's very boring today... 
its 1am in england and im BORED 
It's 1am, and I'm bored, and wired, and not sleepy. Tylenol PM will definitely be my friend again tonight. 
It's 1pm, why am I so sleepy??? Ugh. Oh yah, no coffee this morning.. 
its 2 am and i cant sleep gah 
It's 2 am and I can't sleep.  I blame Kevin :b
It's 2 In The Morning! &amp; I'm stilll here! @JonathanRKnight didn't come back!  Hope he sends me a DM!!!!! Goodknight.
it's 2 in the morning. I went home from emilys party early  because I'm sick. I feel horrible, I almost threw up in her bathroom =/
its 2:00 am past my bedtime    will be back tomorrow  BE WELL  (( Hugs))
Its 2:15 and i really want to go back to bed. I always seem to come back ill from festivals 
it's 2:16 AM and my brother is in the next room playing COD 4 on his xbox and talking to someone so loud that i can't fucking sleep 
It's 2:16 am ii have exams tomorrow and i haven't slept. That's saddning 
It's 2:30. I should totally get to bed now. My eyes hurt so much 
It's 2:30am here on the Rock...super stressing about it all  off to bed real soon I think! Jogging in the am? Totally feeling like ana
its 2:47 pm, 46c  
its 2:50pm here in malaysia.So hot in here 
it's 26degrees here in Glasgow.... how the hell did I get a cold? it's not fair!!!!! 
its 2am &amp; i just cant sleeep 
It's 2am &amp;i'm learning how to twitter 
LOVE pay day, HATE credit card bills 
Love reading drunken tweets the next am. Feel like absolute shit; I missed hangovers though. Two hours until on call fun starts. 
Love should be easy.   So should shopping 
love sid but im worried he might already have a girlfriend  i hope he doesnt but if he does then i hope its not serious or last long!!!
love summer. . . .hate the heat 
Just feeling so bummed out today  I'm not bitter... Hahaha yeahh righttt.
just feels plain ill :| not good at all 
Just fell asleep for 2 hours! looks like someone wont be sleeping tonight 
Just fell down the stairs  hahaha
Just fell in love with a little albino baby in bunny in Now4Pets! He was adorable and jumped up and us and everything! Can't get him now 
Just fell in love with some red stilettos. But they aren't in my size. 
Just fell on the floor on my way to bathroom, my bum hurts so does my hand. This isn't very funny. I screamed too 
just felt my heart plummet as i was hit with a little dissapointment 
just figured out I have a 2 hour sac in 2 weeks 
Just figured out my local MP is rubish, I knew that anyway, but this confirms it  http://is.gd/tp2r I don't agree with his voting record! 
Just figured out that I can't open my Canon RAW files in Photoshop CS3, looks like I need to buy a new program I can't afford 
Just figured out the freezes of my new laptop require a replacement of system board. That will probably mean no tablet for a few weeks 
Just figured out why I'm fucked up. I'm 100% alone. 
Just figured out why only strong guys are supposed to put heavy things on top shelves, ouch! 
Just filed a very serious (at least I think so) bug in [REDACTED]. rdar://problem/6987218 No OpenRadar bug due to FNDA. 
just FINALLY watched the RH of NJ finale. good to the god! i always thought i was a danielle, but i really think i'm a theresa 
Just finish a 2hrs meeting. Feeling thirsty I talked too much 
just finish eatin thank God i hav a high matabolism or i'd be fat gettin ready 2 lay bak down no1 to talk 2 
Its 2am and its raining outside. How boring does life get? 
its 2am and my eyes itch like crazy. i def have fucking pink eye. SCREW YOU BOSS!CATHI. beware all who have hugged me recently 
It's 2am and still not feeling sleepy... Everyone arround me are snoring... 
It's 2am. Nt raining anymore apparently.  I love falling asleep to the sound of heavy rain. It's very peaceful. Oh well. Night everybody.
It's 2am.. I've made a bunch of items for my new 'patches' range... I can't keep my eyes open 
its 2pm and i'm still in bed, aint feeling too well 
Its 3 AM and I need to getup early to do parade stuff. I wonder if I'll get back to sleep? 
Its 3:22 just got back from grad parties! Wentt to 4 lol now going fishing ! Ugh! Be back at like 5pm maye! Lol long day ahead! 
It's 3:30 and I'm wide awake. Oh the joy of insomnia. 
its 3:33 am and im excited for tomo, baby when u see this, i want you to know, I love you kteer ana 
its 3:41...why the hell am i still awakeee.  
It's 30 degrees outside, and its april!  x3
Its 3am and i haven't slept at all. The few moments i did drift away i had terrible dreams. Tomorrow is going to be a long day. 
its 3am and i really cant sleep  come zZz ZzZ
It's 3AM back home. Can't really expect a response back so soon... 
Its 3AM n I'm still awake.  wteff!
its 3am, and i cant sleep...this sucks 
Its 3rd week of June and no sign of monsoon setting in Bombay  This increases chances of diseases and famine 
It's 4 am America, and I can't sleep. Who's down to party!!!?   Posted up. I think I'm sleeping at home, alone again tonight. 
Just finish talking to my best batch mariah I miss her 
Just finish the class fuck! I wana drop it  in starvation mood!! Need food!
Just finish the flyer @CLAIREonAIR titledh: Caribbean woth Irie Love live @ ClubXi July 24th. Mad tired, got to ne up in a few hours. 
Just finished &quot;Mysterious affairs at Styles&quot;...Agatha Christie clean bowls me everytime! 
Just finished 1 final... now all I need to do is my speech 
Just finished 2 hours of gym.  Waiting for sushi takeout dinner.  Exhausted and it's Sunday night 
just finished a bar of chocolate by herself.. oh no 
Just finished a Crossfit WOD...completely beat...need food. Then it's outside to enjoy the awesome weather. And #spymaster still sucks 
Just finished a drumming gig at a Hawaii themed party in castlebar. Now i'm in tesco.  wish I was still drumming.
just finished a morning 4-miler...not too shabby although it looks like rain is coming   work time...
its 4 am and I stil dont feel like sleeping...bored...no one online too...  guess i will count sheeps in the bed now.
It's 4 am and I'm hungry 
it's 4 AM. i'm so sick of what people called &quot;insomnia&quot;! and the fact is i miss my rommate! 
It's 4 and I'm awake because I have a tummy ache. 
It's 4 in the damn morning and I can't fall the hell asleep! Wtf @markhoppus, why isn't your voice soothing me to sleep like usual? Guh 
It's 4.03am and I have have to &quot;wake up&quot; in 3 hours. YAY! 
it's 4.31am and I Cant sleep!!! 
Its 4:00  in the morning and I'm still awake !!!! I want to sleep 
It's 4:09pm eastern time and yet again its rainin ah no good  im tired of rain i hope it dont rain 2morrow i got big plains &amp; wild dreams
It's 4:30 in the morning and I can't sleep.  what is this?!
It's 4:40 in LA n I'm up n feeling good. Bummer I didn't see miley though 
Its 4am and I'm still awake 
It's 4am and I'm still up, i need to start sleeping early.. 
it's 5 AM and i can't fall back asleep 
it's 5.30 pm and i'm tired  hates when i dont have anything to do, always get tired.
Its 5:10am and I can't sleep  to much stuff on my mind.
It's 5:23 and I've been sitting around barely watching I'm Not There. I really wanted to see that movie, but I keep getting distracted. 
It's 5:30 AM.  Been awake since 3:30.  There's something very wrong with this picture. 
Just finished a physics test...it was hard... Im gonna have a F for sure 
Just finished a quiz I made for my friends to test how well do they know me.  Sadly, the first one who took it got &quot;50% and below&quot; 
Just finished a quiz. I have been really light headed latery and I feel like fainting :/ not good 
Just finished a rainy 6k run with @christinabot. Would ride but still lacking a straight/strong rear wheel 
Just finished a ridiculously loud-lounge-room-practice, readying for tomorrow night's gig at Ric's. Sorry, crying baby next door 
Just finished a test!  Not a good thing considering it was mostly an essay test.
Just finished another story for Doctor Who Magazine. Two more and... well, that's it for the Tenth Doctor. 
Just finished at hospital. Numbing spray to control gagging reflex. ;) Only lasts 30 mins.  Any spare? Can I take some home? x
Just finished at the gym. awe poor stephanie pratt. . you're getting from peoples rev  &lt;curty&gt;
Just finished at the stables i'm like a drowned rat now! i hate rain! 
Just finished being a bit of a bum - CS, How I Met Your Mother, &amp; Top Gear.... I think I'm becoming just a little too lazy on weekends 
It's 55 dollars but this bag looked so nice we bought 2.  We're also almost to our seats  - Photo: http://bkite.com/080Qe
it's 58 degrees in the middle of june! what? 
Its 5am and I'm awake 
It's 5am. Eyes open, 4 hours of sleep... Jesus... Going for a shower... 
Its 5am....my future was calling, I had to answer. Now I'm goin back to bed - tired frm workin out, still in pain. 
its 5am..I want to go to bed and I do not want to come back tonight 
Its 6.41am im up  just had a shower only been up 10minutes just wanna go back to bed x
its 6:05am and i have to go to work in 45 mins....i REALLY did not want to get up this morning 
Its 6:30am &amp; I'm getting ready for work! This is gonna be a long friggin day! 
Its 6:31 &amp; I'm not at work yet. Yup I'm late 
it's 6:43 and i'm awake. dislike.  what an awful night. 
It's 6:49....Im still awake 
Its 650AM I have been up for an hour &amp; still won't make it to YPC today  3 client meetings &amp; calls to 2 Short Sale Banks... Whens Lunch?
its 6am and I have been up since 9am yesterday...this is a serious problem!  Starbucks here I come!
it's 7 am....WHY AM I AWAKE. WTFPOLARBEAR. 
It's 730 and I don't wanna go 
it's 7am and I been in bed since 10pm sat 
Its 7pm on a Saturday night...... and i am ready to get in my pjs and go to bed 
It's 8 am, way too early for me, but have to get up for work. 
Its 8.15am, sat in subway waiting for the shops to open @ 9, so can get some flat shoes. God! These heals are killing me. 
its 8:05 pm and i wanna sleep but somehow youtube has the power to consume me in its video-goodness 
It's 8:06am, I'm up, but I have no exams. Why? I have a staff meeting in work 
just finished big love... craziness! cant wait for season 4. beautiful day outside! no 16miler today.. sore back 
just finished biology. easyy. pfd then spanish.   spanish for 3 hours tomorrow.  english for 2.  ::angellland::
Just finished bowling with my family.  It's definately not the same as with my friends
just finished breakfast... and according to P90X, already have exceeded carb allotment for the day... 
Just finished brunch at Court of Two Sisters, now at Cafe du Monde for the last time. 
just finished BSG season 3, will begin #4 NOW. I'm so hooked! but why Tigh? 
Just finished business, whooooooop, another GCSE finished, only science left now, cant believe i have an exam on the very last day!!!  
Just finished chatting with Sam and Mrs. Franco. Wooh! Grade school memories. I'm kinda missing it 
Just finished cleaning the bathroom.  Now I smell like clorox 
Just finished cleaning the leo cages. Unfortunately the lygos eggs in the ioncubator got moldy  But two more in the viv! Woohoo!
just finished cleaning the WHOLE house! I think mom looks at me and sees Cinderella. honestly, i wish i had a maid 
just finished cleaning up my room, phew! now i'm tired 
Just finished clearing out the basement it flooded 
just finished cooking alot of chicken and now im super bored i guess im staying home today 
just finished cooking vegesausage &amp; bakedbean casserole.  Going back to work in 2 days  back to driving the big trucks
Just finished CT Scan &amp; X-Ray...He doesn't like being strapped down 
Just finished death note. *blown face* 
Just finished developing some budgeting software. Can't wait until it is ready to release  Tired now - it is 1.14 am here 
just finished dinner. im really tired. 
Just finished doing homework  Soon time for bed!
Just finished doing laundry...need to get her out of my mind for a while... 
Just finished doing the &quot;street appeal&quot; to the front for the Open House tomorrow. Had to do it myself since the Stagers didn't come down! 
just finished drinking my tasty peach flavoured green tea. i reeeally want some more now 
just finished eating 11 items at Wendys after being challeneged to an eating contest.. 
Just finished eating dinner at the Elephant Bar with my cousin. I am stuffed... 
Just finished eating dinner. Now I want Ice Cream. 
Just Finished Eating McDonald's, Now, I'm B-b-b-b-b-ored 
Just finished eatting some fish my dad made...grossest meat on the earth....I wanna throw up now 
Love The Girls Next Door, and now with all this trending talk, I'm sorry I missed the premiere of Kendra 
love the jonas brothers new album! Especially the song &quot;much better&quot; where Joe Jonas bashes Taylor Swift! 
Love the show! You and Jasmine got me watching! Every mtv web exclusive has me worried that u 2 will split  U r a great dancer!
Love the slower songs on 21st Century Breakdown. Sad I couldn't get tickets 
Love the sunshine, really lifts the spirit, but it makes the laptop very hard to see when sat in the garden so I'm stuck indoors 
It's 8:30 and I'm ready for bed..but my body won't let me sleep..Grrr. 
-its 80 degrees already and I am driving to work!  but I do have a tasty santiagos burrito calling my name!-
It's 80000520 degrees outside! Trying 2 get up the strength 2 walk out there 
its 82 in my office and climbing...box fan running on med. pointed right at me 3' away.  miserable 
It's 88 degrees and sunny right now, but i think i'm drowning in the humidity 
It's 8pm on a Friday night. And I am in blockbuster waiting for my bf to get off of a phone interview. Sigh. 
its 9 in The morning and i still havnt went to sleep 
It's 9.30 AM and I'm still waiting 
It's 9:00am and I'm already dripping sweaty.  thanks Orlando...
its 9:24pm and I still haven't had dinner  I'm hungry!
It's 90 degrees here at the ranch this morning. Welcome June 
Its 90 degress 
It's 94 degrees right now and cloudy 
It's 9am and I can tell u that it is total beach weather right now! I wanna go! 
Its 9am here. No public bathrooms open until 11am.  Bah!
It's 9pm and I still haven't exercised today.     Bellydance, then bedtime.  Have a good night everybody!
it's 9pm n I'm still on d train on me way bak home  dangerous trends of difficult times!!!
It's a baby rook that has fallen out of it's nest  but the rooks were only trying to save it! It's walking but it can't fly... poor th ...
It's a bad day to be a shelter cat. The summer &quot;at capacity&quot; months are here 
it's a bad feeling when you can not or do not know how to deal with the situation ..  
It's a bank holiday so.......I'm working! Guess rhinos are not allowed to do holidays  and it's sunny too
It's a beautiful but HOT day in Miami. No ice cream no shakes at my neighborhood Mickey D's.  Going to Wendy's for a Frosty.
It's a beautiful day .. what about me? I just get up now ..  .. was pretty tired from the long work day/night.
it's a beautiful day and I'm going to go in to work!    But, I'll enjoy the sun tomorrow, so it's okay.
Love this Simon Degroot http://tinyurl.com/cvsltk Pity I don't have $3500 for this painting 
Love this song but can't find a mp3 download for it anywhere   Jenny Lewis &quot;Paradise&quot; â™« http://twt.fm/163815
Love this weather!  Too bad I was inside at work all day 
Love this weather. Get me out of work so I can enjoy it 
Love thunderstorms.  Wish we didn't have to leave Missy's house.   Perfect movies-PJs-food day 
love to mess around with a natal devkit, doubt we'll get one tho 
love twitter but havent friends in this page 
Love u Daddy.... RIP  Happy Fathers day
love u so much...... ! i hope see u again       - fly with me (8) i really love this song... it make remember u...     miss u!!!!!!
its a beautiful day i wish i didnt have to work all day  
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Too bad the neighborhood is Times Square 
its a beautiful day in the neighborhood. relaxing today. wishing i was goin to kenny 
It's a beautiful day outside! But I see some gray clouds reappearing... 
It's a beautiful day outside. A day to be basking in the sun, not stuck inside.  
its a beautiful day. guess where i am.... at the big 2...all day. 
Its a beautiful day. I wish my car worked.  Its beachy out.
Its a beautiful new day in fort worth. Off to the mall to get some basic essentials. Moversll be here in 7-15 days 
It's a beautiful Saturday morning. My head hurts from last night 
just finished episode 8 can't believe cassi is still there!...I want 2 see the next one soo bad,I have 2 wait till wednesday or something 
just finished exam... Or rather it finished me! 
Just finished exercising for the first time in awhile; I feel so much better! However, I miss my friend Brian terribly 
Just finished 'Fanboys'. HILARIOUS! And is about to be forced into 'When a Stranger Calls' when she really wants to watch ROTK  (fangirl)
Just finished french speaking assesment 
Just finished Frost Nixon. Pretty good but now I'm on to The Spirit. By myself... 
Just finished getting ready 4 bed... Gunna watch some TV then go 2 bed. Wishing my boyfriend was here 
Just finished Grapevine, now off 2 church to photocopy &amp; 2 inter some ashes. Poor family...the weather 2day won't help things. 
Just finished Half Life 2 Episode 2. The ending is quite upsetting 
Just finished hangin and playin with the word alive and eyes set to kill, it was fun but now my tooth is on fiirrrreeee 
Just finished Harry Potter 4 Ceedddrrriiiccc 
just finished helping @jaykpurdy move a buncha stuff. now im waiting to lay out w/ @terranicole75 . the neighbor love is officially over 
Love wakin up after naps at russell'ssss. I'm still so tired 
Love Westin heavenly beds... Don't love their turkey club wrap 
love when my bio teacher pulls out pig fetuses. mmmmmmm 
Love yaaa so much guys.. I spend a amazing saturday after all the drama. SO tired! Don't want to wake up tomorow at 5.00 am 
Love You Guys @chold @vetto @cjatl @jlacy21 Missed you all today  See you tomorrrrooowwwww YESSS...
Love you stephy. I wish I wouldve seen you today  *hug*
Love you too @jennnabeean. I will I just have to be home first! I don't have internet at the omens 
Love&amp;Basktball is on right now! I'm tempted 2 pause &quot;Pretty in Pink&quot; and watch it. But if I do i'll def need to drink more wine 
LOVED &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;...yeah my Spend the Day Studying plan didn't happen 
Loved Boise yesterday!!! But today i'm not feeling very good today!! 
loved casulty 1909 last night! horribley gory though. some parts made me sad  there was this 13 year old girl working as a prostitute T_T
Just finished her AFR exam and foresees a seriously bad result.  Sigh..
just finished her atomic cupcakes and the rose cupcakes!  VOILA!  I feel so sick  stupid batter!
Just finished HP5 for like the hundreth time n it still makes me tear up I mean why does Sirius have to die...it's so sad 
Just finished in ichiban. Took me right back to Tokyo. God I miss that place 
Just finished keying-in all the data. Want to run some preliminary tests. Spinning head from little sleep last night. 
Just finished late lunch @TGI Friday, not as good as it used to 
Just finished lunch and getting ready to head to work 
just finished making an ice cream cake for my hubs bday.  the kids are drooling all over the floor but they can't have until tomorrow 
just finished math! JAM PACKED DAY TOMORROW! HELL WEEK 
loved having the day off..but I was completely lazy most of the day 
loved her horse ride - being assaulted by stable boy not much 
Loved http://www.myspace.com/musicofblueroses, went to iTunes store, ended up downloading Blue Roses from Smile Smile  Can I get a refund?
loved last week.... such a wonderful week, but sad it ended!  
Loved Lost last night, but I don't want to wait until next year to see the last season! 
loved saturday night tinychat session with @joelbeukelman @joshcagwin @sweet_baby_jane and @SunfallDesigns | internet cut out last min 
Loved seeing my old team! Miss them. 
loved signs and is in the mood to watch a scary film now - wish i had skeleton key  LOVE that film!
loved the CMT awards! ..thinking now.. i think i may have missed my chance with someone. i'm sure if i did it is for the best&amp;nothing NEW 
loved the facebook webcast with the jonas brothers!!! they didnt say hi though 
loved The Fray last night!! but hated that it rained the entire time  
Loved the Giganotosaurus Primeval episode !  Sure miss Cutter tho  
Loved The Hangover such a good movie soooo funny!!!! Sucks Max Brenner was packed  STILL haven't been....hanging out for the hot choc...
Just finished most of the endings for Katawa Shoujo, I'm sad 
Just finished moving day three, . . No, wait, . . One more load, . . Damn 
Just finished my Blueberry Coffee Cake... It smells delicious! Doubt it goes wee with rum though 
Just finished my chorus final, and now i have to sit here till 11:45...so stupid 
just finished my day lesson in japanese. Can't seems to get the hang on the writing though 
just finished my dinner 
just finished my english essay. more hw, but thats not getting done til my break 2mrw. monday....yay. 
Just finished my english exam! maths at 1 
just finished my FIRST JOB !! . my legs hurt 
Just finished my homework. It took forever, I'm so sad Easter is over 
Just finished my law exam! It was hard! My group screwd me over for the big huge assignment. AH! 
just finished my lunCh.. anD so borED heRe.. 
just finished my math final!  ugh so hard
Just finished my maths exam! Merh. In a room with loads of boys, only girl here 
Just finished my maths exam. Very easy at first, then really hard. Bye bye GCSE 
Just finished my mini bio. Seriously, it is soooooooo hard to condense your life and career like that 
Loved the MOs Friday, wishing there were more tonight 
loved the premiere of Secret Life! tho Grace's dad's death kinda hit me 
Loved the sun today. Did not love a black suit and black top plus 6 trains/tubes to get to my meeting and back  Need to shop for summer
Lovefilm just sent me the wrong DVD!  Wot the hell is Bodies: The Complete Series? And it's Disc Two! Not Jarhead that's for sure. Gutted!
Lovein my shinny new phone.   not lovin the loss of numbers. 
Lovelife = Shoite 
Lovely afternoon in the 'diff, shame can't play golf due to hand injury 
Lovely afternoon with Mrs @rogsinclair, who is always fab company, but now I really need to get some writing done... 
lovely date, he was such a gentleman. weather today is rubbish tho 
lovely day again... hope it continues all weekend, I'm stuck at my desk today 
Lovely day and still nothing to do 
Lovely day outside today.   Just right for sitting at a desk writing SQL queries and code.  
Lovely Day shame i got to stay in and revise for an exam tomorrow 
lovely day would be relaxing but have chores to do 
Lovely erasers from Japan http://www.metaphys.jp/product/stationery/archives/2008060621.php I which I could order them in Croatia 
Lovely morning in Aberdeenshire! Shame I'm in the taxi on my way to ABZ airport  0%  http://twitpic.com/7iu0l
Lovely night, awful sleep! Me and @msdube were burning the hell up! sheesh.&amp;i miss my elle bell already 
Lovely spring AM in Ohio - it's snowing.  No accumulation expected though. Supposed to start warming up again tomorrow thank goodness!
Lovely sun, why did you go away??  ireland had to get drizzly again
lovely sunny day and i'm stuck in the house with nothing to do  my life sucks tbh :-/
Just finished my morning ritual of oatmeal, coffee and paper reading.  It makes me sad that news papers are going bankrupt 
Just finished my pretty shawl for the wedding reception starting in 20 minutes.  Bound off edge too tight so wearing it upside down.  
just finished my sisters keeper 
just finished my takoyaki but still hungry 
just finished our class notes while watching The Pursuit of Happyness. Ironic how this movie did not make me happy. 
Just finished our picnic at botanics and im at king albert park again!! HAHAHA. I dont like pw  - http://tweet.sg
Just finished Outreach Com. Today is Yellow Day at VBS, 220 kids + leaders in Yellow Shirts-Fun! I didn't get the memo &amp; wore blue.   !
just finished packing for yellowstone, am completly bored cuz I had to put my phone up for the night  but oh well @ least I got my puter!!
just finished pags w/bfeldt. apparently i spilled sauce on my shirt. 
just finished painting my nails bright green and am completely sunburned from being in the sun all day. 
just finished paper 1 of english n now i got like a 2hour break n its paper 2 
Just finished paper from thesis on Geocaching in time for 1/6 deadline. I hate journals that don't support endnote refs! Done em by hand 
just finished part two of my homework  good night everyone
lovely weather all through the week and then its horrible at weekend!!!!! 
Lovely weather today, should have had my bbq today 
lovely weather!...today my water bottle leaked all over my bag and books 
Lovely weather, but at work 
Lovely weekend with both moms and dads. Starting back at 3ish... 
Lovely, there's the rain. 
Lovely. I just got sick. I just wanna go home and go to bed. 
lover far apart....     I miss u 'n love u so much!
loves @jonasbrothers Fly With Me. &lt;3 I've watched it...10 times on Youtube already.  I would watch more, but finals are tomorrow. 
loves @sarcasticpickle &amp; @emilyhoohaha and i wish i could hug them both right now 
loves @x5315 sooo much and doesn't want to go home! 
LOVES Avatar: The Last Airbender  Sad it ended in 3 seasons...
loves being at home with her family....bar humbug....work tomorrow 
Loves being ditched by her &quot;best friend&quot;...not....RIP Angie 
It's a beautiful sunny day and I can't go outside cause of my anti-biotics say to stay out of the sun. WTF 
It's a beautiful, hot, sunny day from what I can tell through the gap in my blinds 
Its a bit windy outside...my left ear hurts 
It's a boring afternoon...I wish I could go home now... 
its a boring saturday! i want to go shopping 
Its a boring time today....nothing to do....only gaming Xbox 
Its a brand new day, wet wet wet, its been chucking down this morning, how do I get to church, got to get out of the house shortly... 
It's a bummer this place doesn't have waffles. 
It's a bust. Too many teeny-boppers...   But we'll always have yesterday lol...
its a chilly summer day 
it's a cold and rainy day here in Florence, looks like it's autumn again 
It's a cold and wet 50 degrees out. I forecast a dismal turnout tomorrow at the picnic 
It's a cup o' noodle night tonight. 
Its a damn shame I don't like chocolate 
Its a dark day  gutted, will always be a Norwich fan but this was a disgrace
It's a definite stay in bed day. Too bad I have been at work since 730 with a 10 hour day ahead of me 
Its a dirty rotten day out 
It's a dreary day today 
Its a fairly good day... Sunny. Warmish. And. Im sick. 
Its a flippin gorgeous day... And i will spend it inside. 
It's a FML kind of day. 
its a friday night and i am not feeling well.  
its a friday night and i have nothing to do but sit here and waste my time on twitter and facebook.. i'm sooo lame ! 
It's a Friday. I miss the lunch out gang 
its a friggin' long trip to san jose... 
Its a fuckin monsoon outside!! 
loves classes on Saturday 
Loves craft brew aand games.  except when someone breaks a table 
loves dogeared but is poor 
Loves getting out of class early but, hates the awkward time it leaves until work which leads to me being sleepy 
Loves Glee! But just when I thought I've found something to fill in the absence of GG and Chuck, realized that Glee won't be out til Fall 
loves good pizza, being outside, and NOT starting class tomorrow. Grr 
loves her j0b. talking to my brotherr from brasil; i miss home. 
Just finished play who wants to be a millionaire on line. It was fun made up to 50,000.00 of course no real money is won 
just finished playing and now signing off 
Just finished playing Mahjong. I am so bad at it. Actually, I can sometimes beat my mum but my sisters cheat.  Haha.  Excited 4 the dance.
Just finished playing The Godfather with my bro. I kept driving into buildings and shooting the wrong person. 
just finished playing the sims 3 and it was pretty disappointing  i thought it was gonna be soo amazing and fun but.....i was sadly wrong.
just finished prison break season 1... took about 2 day.  *sad bastard* lol
Just finished pumping the ole basement for a second time since the rain flooded it!    Grrrrrrr
Just finished radio inc. Rock fm - home pride! Now off to Liverpool through traffic 
Just finished reading &quot;My Sisters Keeper&quot; I've never been so sad to finish a book in my life!  -- Awesome book can't wait to see the movie
just finished reading 100 pages for english  class tomorrow wooohoooooo...
just finished reading absolute boyfriend  it was so sad, cried so much 
Just finished reading Breaking Dawn and watching Twilight. Sad that the bf hasn't been able to get a hold of me while he's in the Bahamas 
Just finished reading Chuck Palahniuk's &quot;Pygmy&quot; and kind of hated it. I'm really disappointed; I had pretty high hopes for this one. 
Just finished reading marley &amp; me(ive seen the movie) i had to get out of public and sit in my little corner to cry. Its so sad but funny 
its a glorious day,up with the birds,more portfolio editing today... and er... website stuff 
it's a glorious sunny saturday and i'm at work 
It's a gloriously sunny day but I'll have to stay indoors, 2 crafty projects which must be completed today 
Its a good game but can't jump 2 the next platform. 
its a gorgeous day and Ive got to do the garden before going to work!! 
It's a gorgeous day and we've spent the morning inside sainsbury's trying a comparison shop against tesco, and the afternoon in church 
ITs a gorgeous gorgeous day and i have to work 
its a horrible day! theres no sunshine! 
Its a hot one again today at the ballpark, however not too sure about a win  #fb
it's a lil challenging typing left-handed. i burnt myself on the lawnmower...  ouch
it's a lil disheartening to see everyone in the unemployment office looking so put together. damn recession hitting us all. 
It's a little after 5:30 am ~ why am I wide awake! It's Saturday ... This is not cool! 
its a little bit chilly in my house which means its freezing outside 
It's a little late, but I'm reallly bummed that the Redwings lost 
Its a little worrying when a lady of my age finds out she is teething. Mummy! its sore! 
It's a lonely feeling when you eat the last cashew out of your chicken with cashews dish.  
it's a long day today in sch 
It's a long wait for Friday and the iPhone OS 3.0 Quickpwn Jailbreaking release. 
It's a lovely day to be stuck indoors doing housework 
loves how gorgeous the weather has been but wishes she had more people to do stuff with 
Loves how it is raining when she's going to see take that 
loves ih beneran marah  (tears) (angry) http://plurk.com/p/xdh9n
loves late-night ichat dates with @adamgrahek...not as good as the real thing, though 
loves me some bakelite. depressed about that record player though. it was red and white striped and i really wanted it 
loves not being able to sleep.  
Loves nothing best than sweet twitters in her ear... Gearing up for night duty tonight 
loves picnics and misses her boyfriend already! it's only been 2 hours! @Raybird618 i loved benjamin button! i'm sad you didn't like it 
loves PPP! now... need to learn 
loves rain, but this a lil much. Not to mention the thunder is a lil frightening 
Loves Sammy But I can't Tell Her 
Loves sleeping next to him, but hates the snoring. It's been so long so im not used to it. I did not get a restful sleep 
loves spending her Sweet 16 studying for her science exam... notice the sarcasm. Wish I could go to the MMVAs  @MuchMusic.
loves spending saturday nights writing an english paper 
Its a lovely day today,  just don't want to work. 
its a mac, like WOW. Pismo screen cracked  Anyone wanna give me one, no seriously. - cant afford to fix it and need it for school lol. Mac
It's a manic monday 
It's a milestone! 1000th update... most of them are automated  but value-added 
its a new day.. going to work with this really bad headache  oh well..
It's a nice day and I stuck inside!!  
it's a nice day out, and i am @ work. 
its a nice day outside, and larissa's gone  lol. oh well, shoe shopping tmmrw
Its a nice day today, but has spent it in doors. College tomorrow - boo  Someone order me another week off please?
It's a nice day today.  I still can't seem to handle Hawx without crashing into the water.  
It's a nice weatehr to be staying at home and watching a Korean drama. 
its a parent thing  and school dosent help either. nd my friends r usually just like...shut up phoebe.
It's a parking lot on I-45 South from Beltway 8 
It's a pedobear party at ONTD and I'm late.   Hannah Porntanaaaaaaa!!!! D:
It's a pity that I will have to come out of hibernation in 13 days. 
its a puny day! no beach  maybe a drive to the co-op would make me feel better. im so bored!!!
its a rainy day 
It's a rainy day in Cancun Mexico. Must be cause I'm leaving soon! 
Just finished running...i feel like a hefer 
just finished sanitizing everything. one polydactyl kitten had parvo... he died earlier today  i am so heartbroken. two others r at risk.
Just finished school pick up, now off to take kids to swimming lessons - dreading it as it will be soooooo HOT in there.  
Just finished Season 3 of the OC, I shed a few tears 
Just finished shooting a HS state baseball game. Went 11 innings. 3 hours. Next game will get started late. 
Just finished shopping for my after grad party and my head is spinning  .......... but i got some great shoes so i'm gonna go sleep ;-)
Just finished sisterhood of traveling pants 2, and feeling sad. I miss TFS 
just finished some car maintenance , screen wash, oil etc etc, if my car breaks down, im screwed, cost me a fortune already this year 
Just finished striking &quot;The Seagull!&quot;  But New Director's Workshop is a mere 4 days!
Just finished studying Science! I feel so tired. 
Just Finished Sunday Poptart  Going For Shower - Got Dancing Later And I Really Can't Be Bothered - Picturesss 
loves taking showers but hates going to work 
loves that things are getting back to normal but she really misses the boys 
loves the fact that my mom woke me up at 7 a.m. for church, so i got ready, and went downstairs, and my parents were gone. hmmmphhh 
Loves the new tweetdeck and is going to be at work at 10...update won't come for another couple hours gahhh 
loves the rain. but hates it when it's pouring and cold like this before i get ready for work  can I just st... http://plurk.com/p/xvz46
Loves the rain. Scared of the result. Not putting any hope. 
loves the sun but doesn't want to sit this exam tomorrow 
loves the sun! off to work soon though 
Just finished taking the SATs.. 
Just finished talking to my dad. Wishing him a happy fathers day even though he's hundreds of mile away. 
Just finished tanning and cleaninmg the pool...still dirty. Its gonna be awhile....  
Just finished taping a show with BPK... another dude who hasn't got a clue what he's on about... 
Just finished teaching my last lessons of the year at BAA.  But that much closer to the pines!!
Just finished the &quot;big show&quot; (1st day), I'm exhausted, for real 
Just finished the 430 feeding... I am exhausted, but baby is wide awake 
Just finished the bass track and I must say that I'm very unhappy with how unlively it sounds  I hope it'll get better after the guitars.
Just finished the book my sisters keeper  can't wait for the movie tho!
Just finished the cutest little dress! Now it is too dark to take photos. 
Just finished the evidence law exam. Think I aced one question and failed the other 
Just finished the exhaust training, u knw wht? I've got an award lhoo for best trainee participate 100% hehe but my foot got injured too 
Just finished the final pushing daisies episode. It was sudden, and I don't like it. I need for PD to come back! 
Just finished the first episode of The Prisoner.  High production value for both the 60's and the BBC.  Each episode is 50 minutes though 
Just finished the first sitting of my memorial tat of my dog.  My heart still hurts worse having lost her 
just finished the front 9. i want to forget the front 9....  
Just finished the gig, think it went well. Now off to work for 5 hours 
Just finished the last episode of BSG. 
Its a rainy day in rome. 
Its a rainy day on the beach.  spirits = down.
it's a rainy day today!! 
It's a rainy lazy kind of morning. Hubby had to work today  He never works Sundays!
it's a rainy saturday.. so disappointed bout it.. 
It's a relief to have 2 drums already filled up with gear! Weekend is over...but packing for the expedition is still going on... 
It's a repeat performance of last sunday tomorrow! 4.30am wake up again 
it's a sad day     OTBC
Its a sad day .... my second home for the last 18mths is going  Part one of the portakabins has been remove and now loading on the lorry.
It's a sad day for happiness.... in this craaaaaazy world...  &lt;/3
It's a sad day for Sacramento area radio  Today at 9AM, KWOD 106.5 is no more  Goodbye KWOD, you'll definitly be missed!
its a sad day for us all.. R.I.P. Mike Honcho aka Meka One 
It's a sad day here - Groovebug the goldfish has gone to the underwater disco in the sky  safe journey sweetness.
It's a sad day when Christian Lacroix has to file for bankruptcy 
It's a sad day when icey hot fails to work its wonders...   
its a sad day when the flip-flops are back in the cupboard and the coat is back out 
Its a sad day when your forced to hit the resin cause your too broke for green. 
It's a sad day...time to leave Orlando and go back to PG ...i had so much fun...i'm still not ready to leave 
It's a sad economy. Just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. But just a reminder that...
It's a Saturday evening, and I'm alone at home. 
It's a saturday night and I'm at home studying boo 
Its a scary thunderstorm  i like rain but not beastly scary kind
Its a shame Jack &amp; Vera aren't married irl  way cute
its a shame TAI is playing at county fairs and six flags' nowadays. 
It's a shame that living under the Heathrow flight path puts a dampener on it every 30 seconds 
It's a shame that the unions meant to protect the workers eventually killed them and led to wage and COL inflation. 
Its a sleepting! Cz I gotta go placement tomorow  a girls gotta do wat a girls gotta do u catch my flow?? Lool gassed up like esso
its a slow day, still no luck on the job hunt 
Its a stunning day and i'm ill in bed.  Should be getting house clean for deliciously sexy visitor instead of lying here 
its a sunday and ive got work at 9am...poo 
Just finished the last twilight book 
Just finished the months grocery shop. At Fego's for brunch, only 1 flavour of #vitaminwater  - now handbag shopping for @jessicamcd
Just finished the morning devotional. It's a rainy day so looks like no excuse not to do housework. 
Just finished the most bad ass swing dress.  If it were a size smaller I'd keep it.  
Just finished the nicest dinner with my family, dad leaves to go back to Holland tomorrow 
Just finished the post. The duck has gone and some other bird has broken its eggs 
just finished the second to last ep. of brotherly love &amp; it totally broke my heart. prob gonna be worse for me when it's over.  gnight.
Just finished The Village. So in love,could watch it over and over! Wonder why I can't get to sleep tonight 
just finished the white chocolate and raspberry cheesecake for tomorrow. It had BETTER be worth it. I don't like a.m. bedtimes 
just finished washing and waxing my Fd, pang show ka na naman. Sana di umulan bukas 
it's a torture eating with a swollen ulcer on tongue. 
It's a town, and we have two beaches! But no decent music shops  @Emss â™« http://blip.fm/~8m5l9
Its a tradition now for me to cry on my birthday.  And not in a good way.  
its a very rain morning  sadness
its a working day   maybe I should join sugardaddy.com   as if  lmao
its a wrap!! 
It's about 2 rain, again... 
It's about 3:30am and I'm still wide awake... My hot water bottle is going cold. 
it's about ten weeks too late but man i love my studio 
Its about this time that I start to really miss the football season 
It's about time #twitter API updated my statistics. Only too like 8 hours. 
It's about time I let people know whats happenning, although I often wonder why I bother   but hey it'll soon be Christmas........
its about to rain here its supposed to be summer  sun come out come out were ever u r.
its about to rain terribly  Alternate ideas ladies?
its absolutely freezing! and i want to see my boyyyy 
its actually sunny for once n i got stuck at work makin people cones  
Its actually sunny here in Scotland today! Too bad we're stuck at work...   Soon be over once we're international rock stars ;-)
It's after 2 and I am still up. My squallers all went to bed.  
it's after midnight.... can't sleep....  
It's Alice's second birthday today and my poor little darling has chicken pox 
Just finished watchin The Fashion Show love this show, but I can't stand Reco's attitude and I really wanna like him 
JUST FINISHED WATCHIN TINKER BELL MOVIE IT WAS SO CUTE I WANNA GO 2 DISNEYLAND AGAIN! 
Just finished Watching Brooke Knows Best...a little teary eyed watching @BrookeHogan struggle with the parents divorce 
just finished watching jon &amp; kate plus 8 
just finished watching malcolm in the middle yesterday 
Just finished watching milk   that was so sad yet so inspiring! http://myloc.me/2SfO
loves the sun. Really need to crack on with revision at some point, i'm so lazy 
Loves U of A and is sad the Semester is over!!  All of my seniors and those not coming back will be well missed!!!
loves weekends! and today is not it  http://plurk.com/p/z6qzm
loves weekends!!! can it be saturday again tomorrow? 
loves when people ruin birthday plans 
Loves when the kids are sick 
lOviin my bed right nOw kinda mad dat auntie cant get my passes 
lovin' life!!  My hubby goes back to work tomorrow and will be back Wed.  
Lovin Orlando!!! Loving my roomies! Hating the storm that is keeping me away from Fantasmic!!! 
lovin summer break !! the CMT awards were kinda boring last night 
lovin the hot weather..jumpin on the trampoline.. too bad its gonna rain the rest of the week 
lovin the new taking back sunday: http://bit.ly/2npQI  wishin there were a grock radio to put it on blast 
lovin the sky tonight. half moon. enjoyn while i can see it b4 the clouds and rain roll in 
Lovin the summer sun.....missing someone tho  x
lovin this weather, dreadin clinic appointment and annual bloods for my son this afternoon 
Its all @brownskinbunnies fault that I'm stuck inside with the guys. All fam...not even w/ my guy 
It's all a facade but really I'm    x100000
it's all about #javaone. how many AIs do I have for today?  too many 
its all b/c his friends play with them. 
Its all bad 
it's all clouding over now 
Its all ending so fast 
Its All Good. I Mean Whatever He Wants To Doo??   
It's all over 
Its all over and done with!  I had so much fun! #jtv http://justin.tv/sffilms
its all over blues 
It's all over in 10 minutes. 
its all over! no more high school 
It's all so sad, now just pretty much waiting for him to die and it's so horrible to think he will be gone. My poor dad.My poor cousins 
its all so sentimental!! the bus driving away........forever  hahhaaaa
it's all wrong  #seb-day
Its almost 1am and I can't sleep.. What is wrong with me? 
It's almost 3:00 am. I'm eating cottage cheese while I tweet, but nobody cares because nobody follows me.  sigh
its almost 4.30am, i am just home from work, exhausted, and up again in 6hours to do it all AGAIN...yay! 
It's almost 4:00 am, but I can't sleep worried about my 16 year old 2nd cousin that tryed killing himself by overdosing 30 ADHD pills ! 
its almost 4am and i cant breath well enough to sleep....kill me 
It's almost 5:30 pm. At 8 pm we close the doors of Clean Cut. 
It's almost 5am and I cannot sleep cuz I'm so nervous about seein her in the mornin! Grr! I wanna sleep 
its almost 7 am. this is not natural. sob 
It's almost 7 and I haven't eaten anything yet 
its almost as cold at new years ever in this bikini right now  ahhhh but im so pumped
It's almost been an hour  ugh.. Not again.
Its almost midnight... Five more hours... Why doesnt she text me?  payback is in fact a bitch........
It's almost Monday 
its almost over  !!
It's almost sad that it's the weekend now and I can't go to school (to see my friends). 
It's almost the end of spring, and in Alberta they say it might SNOW tonight or today  Stupid weather
It's almost the last days of escuela, and the budget cut summer session 
its almost time to leave and go to college.  URRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGHHHHH!!! WHY OH WHY!!!!!
It's almost too hot to move.  If I were a better housekeeper @ wouldn't have so much to do &amp; then I could just sit &amp; veg - but I'm not.  
it's already 10p.m and i still can't sleep. 
its already 12 o'clock and i wanna eat..hungryyyy 
it's already 2:22 am here, I need to sleep now for tomorrow's worship. I'm still sick  Pls pray for me.: it's .. http://bit.ly/m8UKS
It's already 80F and the morning is just starting. 
it's already a quarter to 6? my my how the time flies...i still haven't eaten yet today. 
It's already one year ago.. rest in peace isa  .. zometeen naar arnhem. #isadag
It's already sucking...I'm no longer excited about my birthday 
it's already Thursday! I can smell Monday on the way already! 
it's alright it's ok... im so much better without you 
It's also frustrating when your overbearing mother calls to inform you that you have to get a job, and ruins your day. 
it's also the last day of @oneprayer. 
Just finished watching my hapless local MLB team lose another game   Time to podcast . . .
just finished watching my nephews kindergarten grad. dvd. pretty much cried through the whole thing.  i love him so much
just finished watching really old episodes of instant star (don't feel bad if u don't know what I'm talking about) man I miss that show 
just finished watching s. Darko and man that was a wierd movie....but i liked it. too bad my guy was sort of a bad guy 
just finished watching season 2 of veronica mars...oh how i loved cassidy 
just finished watching 'shotgun stories' its pretty good but i hate that the dog dies 
just finished watching star trek for the third time... still good... just wish the people behind me didn't chat the whole way through 
Just finished watching terminator. Other than the music nothing is great 
Just finished watching the ANTM finale, so disappointed... wish Allison would have won! They kept complementing her during the runway 
Just finished watching the astros lose again 
Just finished watching The Boy in Stripped Pajamas. Extremely depressing 
JUST finished watching THE HILLS SEASON 5 
just finished watching the House season finale. WHAT?! Argh can't wait until next season. Wilson, you really do care about him. &lt;3 KUTNER 
just finished watching the last part of the bbc drama Occupation, the last episode is the most sad... 
Just finished watching the lions lose to south africa  But what a game of rugby !!
Just finished watching the new Heroes episode....God, I can't wait for next weeks episode  Heroes FTW
Just finished watching the series return of the Chasers War on Everything - really quite crap compared to how it used to be 
just finished watching what looked like the final episode of 'Mile High' 
Just finished Water for Elephants - Read it in a day &amp; loved it! ...and didn't want it to end  #books #reading
just finished with a reimaging.....half a day has passed and there is still work to be done. 
Just finished with my budget... no more getting my nails or hair did  but a new apartment awaits me so it's worth it I hope
just finishEd with my r0uTinary nail cAre..my m0m did it this time,they l0ok.. urgH!! abused.. 
just finished work! school tomorrow. the weekend went so quick! 
Just finished work, going home to get ready to hit the town with uni mates  we've not been out together in ages 
just finished work, off to shops for groceries. it's fucking PELTING down with rain and my back is soooo sore. 
Just finished work. Back in at 8 
Just finished work. Had plans to go stanley park but its rainin 
just finished work. preparing for ten hours tomorrow 
just finished work....in bed feeling sick... 
It's always a little painful going back from muso-living to school again 
Its always been One of the hardest things for me to do. Hands down. It never gets easier. 
It's always days when I don't sleep am I woken up once I do fall asleep. 
It's always fun showing off ur iPhone when there are people around 
It's always maybe.   he's dumb.
Its always nice to sleep in your own bed while intoxicated. Great night tonight. I definitely do not want to go to work in the morning. 
its always one thing after the other isnt it......  
Its always the sadest time of day when he stops texten for the nite 
It's amazing actually having a 3G signal and speed while in Medford. AT&amp;T 3G data coverage in Grants Pass sucks. 
Its amazing how grimey some ppl are. Home for the night.. Whatever .. 
it's amazing how messy my desk gets just a day or two after i clean it 
its amazing how one day of no power can put you this behind... 
It's amazing how one word from certain people can make you instantly feel great or instantly feel miserable 
It's amazing how your whole life can change in one day 
it's amazing really.. one comment/compliment and your day turns for the better into awesome. too bad its almost bedtime, poo 
its amazing to me how people can still be racist in this day in age. i guess i really never noticed until lastnight 
Its amazing what one fart can influence.. 'it was me!' I say.. Then all kinds of lines rush through my cerebral vortex 
It's amazingly hot. I tanned yesterday but forgot to take my sunglasses off  now I look a bit like a panda in negative.
it's an absolutely gorgeous day out there. I want to go out and do a bunch of fun things. Instead I'm home all weekend working 
Its annoying but u no u did something right when you get over 2K spam comments a day on ur blog 
it's annoying when you can't tell if the person you are checking out is a guy or girl  damn short hair cuts
It's another early night. Fefe crashed early, I got a good session in with GFII. Gonna read the Army of Two manual then call it a night. 
Its another glorious morning. If only I didn't have a headache 
Its Another Rainboot day 
It's apparently over 30 quid to ship one of the records by themselves... come on @oasis, that is highway robbery. 
its as hot as heck outside 
its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep 
its back 2 work 2morrow 
It's back to square one: so cold and windy here. As a result I've to drop the idea of after-work shipping party 
IT'S BACK. Ressurected from it's watery grave, the laptop (which has been a pain since i got it) won't die. I was hoping for a new one 
It's bad when the Friday starts by compiling a to-do list... for the weekend 
it's barely 8:30 &amp;I've already cleaned an office &amp;driven to torrance to drop off my bf's keys. that's way too productive before 10am 
It's barely 9AM and I don't know what to do. Resetting my biological clock made life more boring 
it's beautiful and sunny outside today.  this is sooooo not productive studying weather.  i wish it were rainy.  
Its beautiful out! These r the days when i hate being stuck inside with homework 
its beautiful outside and i have work 
It's beautiful outside! I want to enjoy it! But alas I am stuck inside like a recluse, revising my arse off for these sodding exams  FAIL.
Its beautiful outside!!! Get out there! I have to work. 
It's beautiful outside. The sun is shining, the birds are singing and I? I'm studying  Wish it were already vacation.
It's beautiful today. Would have been the best day to start my tan but I have to work. 
Its bed time but can't sleep. Probably bc I'm by myself 
it's bed time, the hardest part of the day  can't sleep as usual
its been 1 week since my Bubba Dogs been gone and its not any easier...  
it's been 2 months since lifou! whoa! it doesn't even feel like we ever went there 
Its been 2 years since youve been gone. I love and miss you so much jessie 
it's been 29 weeks since i've seen mayday parade. 
It's been 3 1/2 hours since I left the Eye Care Center and my pupils still are having trouble being outside. 
its been 3 days. me and crunch are ready to form a search party.... where's faan at? he's never taken this long to be online crunch said 
It's been 3 weeks since getting an RMA # and sending my Flip Mino HD back to SF. Zero emails since I sent it off, 5-10 prior to sending. 
it's been 3 weeks since i came back from the states? feels like it's been months  i miss everyone lots...
its been 7 hours after school ended and im still not done my hmwrk 
its been a busy day. 
it's been a dry week 
It's been a long boring day already 
its been a long busy week. tired much. 
It's been a long couple of days dealing with exchange 07 issues on a migration from sbs 03, AD not playing nicely  New install in the AM.
it's been a long dang week!! lost my uncle, lost my ole horse....yep long week 
Its been a long day UT has been trippin all day I thought I wasn't gonna be able 2 tweet on my trip 
it's been a long day! am so ready to go to bed but of course, I cannot sleep! stress is so hard to get rid of 
It's been a long day, now I'm sleeping alone. 
it's been a longgggg 3 months 
Its been a miserable wet day today in Gods kingdom (manchester)... so much for summer..  
its been a realy long time since there has been somthing realy good on tv .. .. 
It's been a rough couple of days.  My grandpop passed away and Birdie has not been sleeping well thus causing me more stress.  
Its been a slow day at home, one of my kids is sick  .  This little picture cheered me up http://is.gd/JrLa
It's been a very exhausting day...feeling worn out already!! 
Its been a week already? that sounds... Impossible. Time goes by too fast 
its been a while since i tweet'd! home for my sisters wedding and iphone broke  how is twitter land?
It's been a while...Twitter was neglected. 
It's been ages since I watched TBBT, HIMYM and Heroes. My cousin has filled my 500GB external HDD with movies. 
It's been an hour and I'm only half way through my junk mail.    Have these telemarketer not heard about environmental friendly efforts?
it's been an hour since my hubby left for work and I haven't moved  got things to do!
It's been awhile ... just ate meat  minced chicken in the fried rice which was impossible to pick out. Argh!!!
It's been days since I've been able to talk to Larry I really hope he can talk to me today. 
it's been exactly a WEEK people.  Hahahahaha.
it's been in the past for a while.i get a flash and i smile.am i crazy?still miss you baby! 
it's been one of those nights where I've stayed up for absolutely no reason whatsoever  Time to try sleep I think...
It's been one week already.. and there are no replies 
Its been one year since the All Time Low concert. I miss it 
It's been over 24 hrs since I heard anything outta depressed friend. My heart is breaking and now I'm a lil worried 
It's been rainin g in San Diego too  Now I am home after spending the night in the ER (Kidney Stones) OUCH!!!!!
it's been raining all day. i seriously hate it when it rains all day; that means i can't go on my trampoline 
It's been raining and storming here all day 
It's been raining since yesterday. *sigh* Rain depresses me 
It's been such a chaotic day! I've barely drank my SlimFasts all day, &amp; I still have a million things to do for our Thursday event 
It's been to busy to keep my Twitter up-to-date.... 
its been tooooo quiet on here without our mr russell brand .. hes too busy to bother with us now!!! 
its been two days 
it's been two years. we've never hugged. 
Its been very cold today. Nearly snowed at home. It did in other parts of town but not here. My girls were very disappointed 
its before midnight and im in bed... 
its being stupid again and not letting me get on it now 
its between these two babies: http://bit.ly/UCLrB   http://bit.ly/SGUJA  ...unless i find something cheaper  fuck my life i just want  ...
It's bloomsday!!!! Almost better than Christmas! I wasn't tipsy last night but poor girls  -anw
it's boring here  i just watching my dad work all time 
Its boring home alone when ur sik and nothing on tv is good 
it's boring in here.. entertain me please 
its boring without a laker game to look forward too 
Its boring without the internet 
Its boring.... 
its bout 10:30am now. that means i've been here almost 4hrs now. stl waitin 2 be attended 2 
Its break, and my day is looking up but now we have maths then english  sometimes i hate school.
its called the little girl by john michael montgomery its really sad   lol
It's callin' my name but dang it, I just CAN'T!!  First thing I'll do tomorrow: work out even though I hate jogging somewhere outside 
It's can't always be all about the glamourous movie making....  Today is laundry day 
It's carnival of the cultures today! I might have a look later. But all people drink caipirinhas and I have to spare booze at the moment 
It's chesney and Bianca here on the bus we had maccas yews and there was hot guy there can life get any better? Going back 2 school  bye x
It's cleaning time 
It's clear blue sky now, but supposed to rain just about the same time as my tee time after work.   How can that be?
It's clear intellectually that severing my relationship was best, yet my heart seems 2 B in complete disagreement. It hurts so so much 
its cloudy again. feels like i haven't had my scope out since it warmed up. 
Its cloudy in richmond too jock   &quot;Soul Survivor&quot;
It's cloudy in Tokyo. 
It's cloudy in Tokyo.   I don't like this weather.
Its cloudy outside 
It's cloudy today  . . . Watching a ball game and reading a real estate book . . . Dreaming about new hobbies and goals
its cold 
it's cold 
its cold  i think ima go back to sleep coz i need to go to school but i feel sick 
its cold  ice-cream van at the front!  lol
it's cold again at the beach...inside day for sure 
It's cold and i am walking to the other house.  bring back my summer!
It's cold and I hve to work tomorw  so tired cldnt be bothered going to sleepp.. Textinggg!! (L)
it's cold and people out dancing on the highway. when will this end 
its cold and rainy outside...can't wait for the real summer weather, and i guess i will be staying inside today 
It's COLD AS FUCK!!! 
its cold at my house   hopefully it warms up
its cold here 
its cold in bed alone 
It's cold in here 
It's cold in my office. Probably because my hair is still wet. 
It's cold in my room.. That's sad 
Its cold in south dakota 
its cold now too  Just know I'm not gonna pass media this year and wreck my chances at getting into portsmouth grr
It's cold out and my breakfast sandwich is hard 
Its cold out today 
it's cold out today, i miss florida 
Its cold outside.... 
It's cold right now 
It's cold this morning.  Cum to www.dahliacharms.com and get warmed up! ;)
its cold today. Was so nice yesterday. Still tryin to get baby kitty to eat... 
It's cold!! And I left my sweater in my car!  it shouldn't be cold in June!
its cold, and im tired and im angry that i deleted that hannah montan movie off my computer 
its cold... 
It's coldddd  Another day at work :/
It's colder than it looks 
It's coming  http://twitpic.com/6he25
Its coming to an end  .....
It's coming up to two hours that's we've been refreshing Tokio Hotel. I official give up on the website and trending topics. 
It's confirmed..my Sadie has lymphoma  First day of chemo today..How am I going to handle losing my best friend????
It's cooooold.  I want to curl up in my blankets SOOO bad. Stinkin' 57 degree weather. Stinkin' paper. Stinkin' friggin' college.
It's crazy all the Tweets from Cali are talking about their mini earthquake. Ohio doesn't have that sort of excitement or danger. 
Its crazy everyone is givin me options now that ive got on and off the train 
It's crowded at the shop 
It's cruel to have an all-day meeting overlooking the beach 
Its cuz you live in a boring area 
it's daddy's bday 2day!!!my tummy hurts 
Its Dads Day! But why am I up so early for the 4th day in a row?  No more pain today? cool!
its damn freezing. and i think im getting tonsillitis like everyone else i know 
It's damn hot! I don't like being hot  My air cooler is just not cutting it.
It's damn near 6:00 n tha morning and I have yet 2 fall  asleep. I'm tired, I'm irritated, and a lil hungry. I jus wanna go 2 sleep! 
It's dark here. 
its dark out.  like its gonna rain. :O i wont be able to swim today.
It's dark outside, and it's only 5.30pm. I don't like winter anymore. 
It's day 21+1 for our broody hen, &amp; no sign of any new chicks - will give her one more day, &amp; then we'll have to move her back w/ others 
its days like this that make me wish i would win the lottery and do what i truly want to do with my life 
It's dead Jim. Today I mourn the loss of my computer. Such a trusted friend. Just needed to hold out two more months... 
It's dead right now in the cabbie world.  I want some fast cash... It's my money and I want it now!!!
It's dead tonight in Flo town. 
It's definitely a &quot;The Climb&quot;- @mileycyrus and &quot;Hope &amp; Prayer&quot;- @therealsavannah night. 
its depressing that while my friends are comforting me, @brianlogandales is telling people to vote for teen choice awards   
It's depressing to start your day knowing you're not coming home until tomorrow night.  
its difficult to study when you're feverish.. 
Its dificult avoidin crap on the tele. so im goin to bed. unhappy friday  x
it's discouraging to dig infos about recession 
Its disgusting out  doing homeworkk soon
It's doesn't look good for my oven today 
It's doing that thing where i'm not getting tweets on my cell 
It's done raining in Santa Cruz  #drought
It's doomsday...jaw surgery in exactly 2 1/2 hours... 
IT'S DOOMSDAY: I have to go to Hannaford tonight and tell them that I'm no longer able to accept the position...ugh....I feel so bad 
It's downpouring here and it's quite windy 
It's drizzling rain.  I'm shopping down 5th Ave on my way to TS to be a tourist under my W branded umbrella.
its early 
Its early in the morning, first thing at five was to recognize that a meeting has been cancelled - so I cancelled my flight as well 
It's early saturday morning, most of the kids are up, but boy #2 won't wake up for anything 
It's early, I'm sleepy, my heart is kind of pounding and I miss him terribly.  Poop
It's early. I can't go back to sleep. I'm so bored. 
It's either the lack of sleep or the painkillers which have drowsyfied me. See, couldn't even think of the right word for drowsyfied. 
it's eleven &amp; i wanna talk to my baby  
it's evening !! Traffic jam 
Its exactly one month until my birthday today 
its excruciatingly too hot today! im burnt to bits 
It's extremely hot today 
its extremely hot today..my face felt like it was burning while I was driving da bike! 
IT'S FACKING COLD IN HERE 
Its far too nice too be in work-1 hour down 7 hours to go 
It's far too warm outside to be at work! 
It's father's day  ...the sad face is me and breckin
its fathers day &amp; jonathan is away  x
It's Father's Day and Blayne has to work  Plus I won't have my babies with me...What the heck am I gonna do?
its fathers day and my dad isnt even at home  at least i got to have a lie in
Its Father's Day in the States. I miss my Daddy. 
It's fathersday but my father isn't even here 
It's finally hit me and I'm upset 
it's finally hot enough to go swimming, and i'm stuck in the house 
its finally summer, school is out, and im more sick then anything 
it's finally sunny in new york and i'm working  hopefully this nice weather sticks around for more than 2.5!
Its finally sunny out and my pool is under repairs til tues. 
It's finally the year of the Mindy. http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/aboutnames.shtml Too bad hurricanes are no fun 
Its flippin hott! And im so tired.... 
It's for real this time, Jesus (the fish) is dead. Will someone come flush/bury him for me?  I just don't have the heart to do it  myself 
its four thirtyish and im awake  two in cali. work tonight when i get back.
Its freaken HOT outside  http://myloc.me/4wns
It's freakin' hot and humid today. 
ITS FREAKIN HOT. 
it's freaking cold outside  my dad won't let me turn on the heater! gahh
It's freaking late!!!  Tomorrow will be much later 
It's free ice cream cone day @ Ben &amp; Jerry's ... if only I was going to be in NYC today ... 
It's freeeeeezing, I want to go and join mum and Soodle in Scotland  plz 
It's freeeezinggg outside like -1Â°C... i want to be anywhere else 
its freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max 
its FREEZING in Cape Town  where is the sun????????/
Its freezing today! 
It's FREEZING! Where is the sun?  hi btw
IT'S FRIDAY !! WISH I COULD BE WITH MY MAN 
its friday &amp; every1 has plans but me..my mom is laser tagging w/ friends(haha)My brother is out..my sister and dad r working me-bf=alone 
It's Friday afternoon and I'm stuck at home babysitting, cold and sick  this sux i want summer back
It's Friday and Im home... on Twiiter; jus sadd  Ireally lead a pitiful life lol
ITS FRIDAY AND IM IN THE HOUSE BORED!!!!! 
Its friday and is going to work at the bank this evening   http://mypict.me/4u5M
it's friday but i have to work the weekend 
Its friday night what's going on? I'm bored 
its friday!  well, technically anyway...but its really thursday for me.  dang having to work saturday mornings 
It's Friday! And it looks like it's finally going to rain in Vancouver. Good bye sun... 
It's Friday!!! That seemed like the fastest week ever. I missed so much last night   there's no drama like teenage drama!
IT'S FRIDAY!!! Time to get tipsy and have sex.... just wish I had someone to have sex with 
Its friday!...my tummy hurts 
it's friday, it's payday. i really miss my jenn 
It's Friday, it's payday...oh yeah, as a state employee I had 1/2 of 1 percent of my annual salary deducted from my paycheck  
It's Friday. It's lunchtime. It's busy. It's... Time to service one of the ticket machines   http://twitpic.com/7sjgp
I'ts friday... That means i have work tomorrow... NOO 
It's frustrating seeing all of the messages about how beautiful the day is, while here in Warsaw we are having rain, rain, rain! 
Its fuckin raining  I was goin to take the boys fishing smh!
It's fucking 6am and I still can't sleep. 
It's fucking cold here north now! It was like 77 DF yesterday where I was, here it's 37,4 
its fucking raining AGAIN 
Its funny how I want something even more... now that someone else has it and i cant anymore    hahaha NEXT!
its funny how no matter how happy i am my mom always just brings me down with one word.      its like she doesnt want me to be happy.
It's funny thinking about life and how it could have been. I could of had a kid 
Its funny when people say they'll be there to help if you need them yet when time comes they're not or all they do is complain about it. 
its funny when you put everything you have into someone and they let you down 
its funny. i'm kinda sad on my last day 
it's gettin hot a little too fast.. i'm NOT likin it.. 
it's getting chilly tonight...I thought summer was here 
it's getting closer AND louder not enjoying this 
It's getting dark outside. I think in will rain soon. 
Its getting down to the wire, and now the only thing that troubles me is the fact the birthday boy will be in CT on the day of his party. 
its getting hotter and hotter outside.aishhh 
it's getting more complicated 
It's getting to be that time when I have to take my grandaughter back home... 
It's getting to one of those days. One of those days where I need GOOD PICTURES FOR NEW DEFAULTS  #fb
It's getting very hot n dry here in Hyderabad these days. Right now the temperature is 39DC with 8% humidity 
It's getting worse 
It's getting yukkie and chilly outside  Well outside enjoying what's left of the sun while I can
It's giving me a headache, but it's soooo kewl   http://twitpic.com/6bl72
Its Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww 
it's gloomy outside 
Its gnna be a rainy day...only 70 degrees...I hate WNY weather 
its goin to be a LONG day... that fall I took this mornin really jacked me up! 
its going on a week and my dang picture is still not showing up  i just want to see myface is that too much to ask?
It's going rather grey outside 
It's going to be a great day! Finals start tomorrow 
it's going to be a grumpy day. i wish people wouldn't impose their negative energy upon others... and i'm operating on less than 4 hours. 
Its going to be a late night....cuz i'm not going to get to cleveland til like 10 
its going to be a long day at work since my colleague @jargon is off to Italy for training on Linux Clusters. I gonna miss that Guy 
It's going to be a long day.   &lt;&lt;3 shell&gt;
its going to be a long night 
It's going to be a long year for A's fans. 
it's going to be a slow week justin says 
Its going to be a very long weekend. Very long. 
it's going to be another scorcher...love this weather ...too bad i'll be stuck inside till 10pm 
It's going to be be Week 4... TOO SOON 
It's going to be chinese take-away. Rockstar didn't help! 
it's going to be hard.. 
It's going to be like the Christmas Caitlin &amp; I stayed up until 2am baking cookies that nobody ate. 
it's going to be nice again tomorrow and then the rain comes back. no nice weather for my birthday 
Its going to be so hard to sleep tonight. 
It's going to hit the 90s today. 
it's going to rain all day here 
it's going to rain today, bummmmer 
Its going to rain tomorrow  &quot;rain rain go away come again another day&quot;
Its going to storm tonight 
its gona be a long day no siara 
Its gona suck walking into home room, knowing ill never ever return for tlc 
It's gone all drizzerable outside 
it's gone, i miss it 
Its gonna b a lonnng day...job hunting 
It's gonna b a nice 94f here 2day but I'm only staying 1/2 the day 
It's gonna be a 30 hour day today. 
It's gonna be a busy week, finishing up highschool. 
It's gonna be a hot summer, I guarantee this. 
its gonna be a long afternoon 
It's gonna be a long agonizing Tuesday. 
Its gonna be a long night! 
Its gonna be a long summer 
It's gonna be a long, miserable, frustrating, trying day. And i've still got 6.5 hours. 
It's gonna be a looooong day 
its gonna be a sad summer here 
it's gonna be a sneezy day 
it's gonna be another cold rainy sad day 
Its gonna be hard to top DT's performance as the Doctor. He's so good. Hard to believe he's leaving at the end of the year 
It's gonna be like 95 and no rain all week. 
It's gonna be my birthday tomorrow,  but I have no idea what to do 
it's gonna be out in two days more which is a Thursday BUT i'm gonna watch it on friday  Haha. whatevs, I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!
Its gonna be sad when I tune into The Soup this friday and there is no more creepy flesh colored beard bashing!  I really hate CFCBs h ...
It's gonna rain in the mountains...haven't seen a bear....and I have 120 pages of script to write 
It's gonna thunder storm on me. 
It's good to see prabowo at twitter, very human. Tapi kenapa harus pair dengan megawati  http://is.gd/AKvM
It's good to wake up a little later than usual... But I still need to officially check out from school. I got a little more work to do... 
loving borat on 10, never gets old but hates problems on Ten 
loving ebay... but not the bidding auctions. they stress me out... waiting until the last second to bid and win the auction... 
Loving Eternal Sonata and inFAMOUS, and Sims 3 - god I spend way too much money on games 
Loving every minute of the ou reunion! Do i have to leave? 
loving every second of summer 2009!  missing cheer a lot though 
Loving minimum responsibility. Not loving track work 
Loving MTV awards! not loving to delay from America though, i already heard who won 
Loving my new Blu-Ray player! Upscaling on DVDs is gorgeous too... Just need completely new storage rack, as boxes are different size 
loving my new ksubi dress but feeling guilty over the price tag 
loving my new wedge! hole in the pocket though 
Loving my sweet new puppy, and missing the hell out of San Diego  But looking forward to visiting family!
Loving that its my birthday 2mro and im sick  and working...
loving the Chickenfoot album...though I have the digital download so no bonus 
Loving the fact that I can enjoy my weekend without having to worry bout retail... Altho it'll all change in 4weeks time 
Loving the M25..   http://twitpic.com/4eg72
LOVING THE PAY CHECK THAT CAMMEE FOR THIS WEEK! didnt really deserve it though 
Loving the pear and gorganzola flat bread at audrey!! Upset my twitpics aren't workingg 
loving the rainbow outside. i think its gone though 
loving the smell of her hand cream! mmm geranium, orange ring &amp; lavender - makes me wish it were spring NOT autumn! 
loving the sun - but got burnt  haha.
Loving the sunny English weather. Shame there's no beaches near Wolverhampton. 
Loving the warm weather... but can we get some rain please?! my water bill is going to be bad 
loving the weather but hating the sunburn 
Loving the weather! Got sunburned tho! 
Loving the weather!!! Back to school tomorrow 
loving this pretty summer weather, but not loving being inside all day 
Loving this sunshine.  Pity im stuck inside for a 12 hr shift. 
loving you aint the same nomore. 
lovley day out side and nothing to do 
low 20's for almost this whole week 
Low batt...  titip di mas2 dulu deh buat di charge
Low battery on phone. Bye bye twitter 
Low carb diet is a go. Hopefully that means about 6 weeks till surgery if all goes well. My tummy isn't too thrilled tho 
Low energy 
low low low low low low low low low............................. 
low on battery power 
low scoring game 
low self esteem moment 
Low tea in the City! Sad its not on the island... 
Low toner error at 5:19pm  Bloody Nigel's already gone home. I bet it was that cow on reception printing out holiday web sites all day
low voice singing and some high notes are fine... bridging between the two ive lost almost all control. im so depressed idk what to do. 
lowe doughnuts today :\ MAH, so not in the mood to serve sickly doughnuts to annoying customers 
Lower back issues are keeping me from the gym this morning 
lower back pain is now the worst i've ever had. need to see a doctor but no health insurance 
Lower back pain is starting again  I can't handle the constant pain!
Lowest paycheck ever. 
Lowkey i HATE watchin the end of the movie...all bad 
Low-key sad   shoutout to @thisdarknigga for accompanying me tonight. FOL &lt;3 lol GOODNIGHT TWEETLINGS! besos
lpv[(unsigned int)(h*(h-x)+y)]=t; FOOOO access violation.... 
ls hope this goes good 
lsat day of school  i'll miss you all guys (:
Lub you too I'm getting sick rose 
lucas deleted his twitter 
luch time is over back to work 
Luck ran short 
Luckily the benches are here and my sidekick. Focus on something else is good. Wish I knew why I get these attacks 
Lucky for me I can tweet from my phone.  As for net access...*sigh* the dinosaur is just about doable..  Not my first choice tho
lucky has skin infection  sighs. there goes $188
Lucky is not having a goot time til mommy takes me out  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6375212
Lucky Me's paper bowls are to be the death of me.  But I cannot resist the lure of... instant noodles.
Lucky people in New Zealand (and apprently in UK too). Real Racing is out already there. @razorianfly is problably playing it. 
Lucky u @therealberg i want 2 lay on sunny beaches 2 
Lucky u.. We still have cloudy weather. 
Lucky you Carlynn  boo hoo
Lucky you! I wish I could leave early! But I've already did that...so I have to suffer thru it  
Lucky-san. Someone in Japan just found a 56-leaf clover. Anyone who knows me probably knows my obsession with stupid, wimpy 4-leafers.  
Luckyyy. I only have one more week of school, but then i only get 2 weeks off  I want longerrr!
Lucnh.Sleep 2,5 h tday only  Party tonight! EXAM ON FRIDAY FFS! Later Cleaning the house, laundry, cook food.NEED SLEEP! Pick up S.
Lucy Gordon tot aufgefunden.  R.I.P. - http://bit.ly/D4Xjd
Lucy in the Sky is dying!  http://bit.ly/12TMRA
Luggage still lost and not found... 
Luke ran away from home  hopefully he is with a good family http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/1126646
Luke sick last night and up all night, not feeling to good myself now  looks like a long sunday
Luker's off to India again today 
Lukn @ the pic on my Sam's Club card. I didn't realize how short I cut my hair 
Lumch @ Pret in Bond St Tube. Must start clock -watching soon. 
lumiere is not impressed with my cuddling. but then again, who is  http://sml.vg/jL0kI1
Lunch @ Cracker Barful  
Lunch @ MM juice (again). I wish ada kantin di kantorrr 
Lunch almost over  I want to go to sleep- itis about to hold me down now
lunch and going to my work 
lunch and nails with pooja. last time i see her until august  that's a shit long time without my bff.
Lunch and the cafeteria's empty. I feel so friendless 
lunch at 5.30pm! 
Lunch at P.F. Chang's. Yum! Had the shrimp with lobster sauce and it was yummy! Sorry @rrrii05, can't have any!  http://tinyurl.com/ntqgq2
Lunch at peepers = 
Lunch at The Keg cancelled. No steak for me 
Lunch at The Royal Society. Very fulfilling, literally... Trouser zip burst! Blushes spared, I've fixed it but can't have second pud 
lunch break. Don't want to go back to work 
lunch break. sitting at taco bell by myself 
Lunch breaks just aint long enough 
lunch break's over, going back to work.... 
Lunch coming up, going to have tuna. Push-up reps after that, then maybe crunches. Out of protein powder. 
lunch finished back to work 
Lunch here, i'm soo bored! A stupid boy from B class made a scar in my mac book!! 
Lunch is going past way too fast.  do not feel good
lunch is gonna be cheese chilly grilled sandwich. Mt first day at O&amp;M- they took me out for lunch at Bowling Co. No such luck here 
Lunch is over.  nose to the grindstone
Lunch is over....drat  So hot..think walking home might casue some probs if it doesn't cool a little!
Lunch is taking too long I'm starving 
Lunch nearly over  but is only 3 hours til home time then I am out of the door wonder what tunes will be on the wonder years today?
Lunch nearly over  exam next, argh!
lunch on my own again  not used to this
Lunch over 
lunch over in 5 minutes. 
Lunch over, back to work 
Lunch then picking up forms from school and clay madsen! Work later 
lunch time has been jokes  double chemistry next :| fun timesss 
Lunch time is over. Back to XML, VB and SQL 
Lunch time now... cheese on toast... I don't know how to cook 
Lunch time over... already! 
Lunch time swim not too bad considering... 2 weeks no swim makes a difference, not in a good way though 
lunch time twitterville...  my dad's gonna leave in a few hours.
Lunch time! It's been very humid atmosphere today!!!  Exhausted abit 
Lunch time, but i'm working 
Lunch time... I think it might be too hot to eat outside. 
Lunch Update: Cheese &amp; Ham roll, chilli flavour Doritos and a melted caramel &amp; chocolate Rice Krispy square. Water only for thirst quench 
Lunch was a bagel with cream cheese. Cracked peppercorn is pretty good but after I had already ordered I noticed they had some poppyseed. 
lunch was bfast but the shit was good as hell!!! eggs turkeg bacon and wheat toast w/ orange.... man i dont wanna go to class 
Lunch was unexciting I am sad to say 
lunch with bestfriend, pool?.. no roomies+no bf+no friends in town = ALL ALONE.  @britt i need you!!!
lunch with mom then back  to meetings and testing  #peterfacinelli
Lunch with my Bestie Emilie!then work   u gotta take the good with the bad!
Lunch without my sweetie  she's probably visited every shop in Milan by now /Grilled Shrimp w/ rice and a scampi starter, yum 
Lunch, club meeting, effin bored 
Lunch. Fried rice (ate too much of it), gross mayo cabbage tuna salad, shumai, fruit mix with shiro dango, no soup 
lunchbreak... i miss pacar  can't wait for tonight
lunching (ps.: not good enough  )
lunchtime over back to greetingcardland.... 
lunes...  @ work
lurking the internets &lt;fbrt&gt; b/c ellerie has to go to a wedding today  BUT loving the ~*~awk. ryro post~*~
Lust is soo depressing 
lutando contra a interLERD do CIn.. Failed to load 6 x 0 Twitter 
luvin Spotlight on my iPhone, now i dont necessarily have to organize my 10 pgs of apps ;-)  BUT sad i still can't get stereo bluetooth 
LVaTT  Isn't being released here till friday! 
LVATT isn't a tranding topic anymore  but #Trying Times is Oo haha weird!!
lving in the zip ;P.. missed the second episode of the season  e news rox!! 
lyin in bed nusing my soe tummy 
lyin in bed tinkn bout all the people ive hurt and pushed away and all the people whove done the same to me 
Lyin in bed watchin big bro afta a 7 hr shift on my feet with no break  x
Lying around in the study room. I'm supposed to study! 
lying by the pool with laptop of course! Too early to start drinking 
Lying here in my bed, wondering why my friends are so shady... 
Lying here thinking about my sweet chocolate drop...I really miss him already  http://myloc.me/2aLb
Lying in bed  it's cold
lying in bed 2.46 pm ...hungry   i guess its my own fault :L
Lying in bed And trying to sleep  Just not happening . . . I have to be up in 3hrs 
lying in bed at mums house feeling so sick 
Lying in bed dreading my marhs exam tomorrow 
lying in bed looking #scrubs. I ran out of my favourite #cookies 
Lying in bed never felt so awful  stupid headache.. just wont go away
lying in bed thinking... hmm 
Lying in bed watching csi &lt;3 i feel like shit  Xx
Lying in bed with a banging headache 
lying in bed with a tummy ache 
lying in bed with the sniffles, sorethroat, and a fever... 
lying in bed. don't want to move, but i have to write up/edit a survey &amp; make lunch &amp; get changed &amp; cheer myself up.. all before bed time 
Lying in bed. Getting up 9. Breakfast, then tidying  will take ALL day  hp on dvd will get me through no doubt; 28 days guys 1pm &amp; 8pm!!
lying in bed. hurry up and come online 
Lying in bed. Interview tomorrow afternoon! &amp; absolutely nothing to wear. Serious. 
lying in bedd watchingg soo show on channel 7 grrrrr! The knights lost against worriors 
Lying in my bed i-) no school for laura 
lying in my bed, can hardly breathe , my hayfevers annoying me so much 
Lying in my bed, trying to sleep. Not that easy after a red bull 
Lying in the sun just makes me wish i sparkled. Or that a sparkly man was laying next to me 
Lying on my bed trying to study 
lying on the couch resting mi foot its swollen  afta i injured it yesterday
lying on the couch wishing my throat would feel better and wishing I could eat a bologna sandwich with Dan and the kids. 
lying watching desperate housewives...feel like am dying...just had 2 teeth out at the dentist  am in agony
Lyla hates me for leaving her! She doesn't even follow me when I leave the room! I'm gutted 
Lyn vs. Who started with WTV Crash 
Lynchburg United tryouts rained out today 
Lyris is using some strong sentiments. I think Lyris should call an ambulance. Or a brain doctor. Nyx is saying RR is like a polar bear 
M &amp; D are out at a dinner party, eating soup.  I'm sitting at home, resisting mudcake, toblerone, lebanese bread and cheese 
m broke my qbert record 
m doelen mis pieseseeesss 
'm doing my best to restrain myself from u. It's so painful  But it's high time I refrained.
m gettin bored..seems as if hols will nva end!!! 
m having troubles with ordering the new @Mybshwll album....my paypal says i've reached my transaction limit...which is so not true!!  
M new 2 twitter 
m not sure i quite like de idea of moving to a village named tumkur.. 
M sneezing again 
M&amp;G and greet is awhile ago!??!?! i wanna cry    . we waited for him to go out. we didnt sleep.  and when i went home. he poofs out
M. &amp; Mme cheveux gras ont gagnÃ© le meilleur baiser !  [ i hate them sorry ... Kstw &amp; rpttz ]
M/m. I guess It's only reruns of Ned's. 
m0rning** *yawnn* *sigh* late again.. smh. i'm gonna get a bad performance appraisal 
M25 is eating my soul 
Ma big homie/FAV/The muthaf-n Truth Jamacia! We doin it BIG @youngcash 's bday party @Tpain's crib! If ur not here  http://mypict.me/2esX
Ma internets goin far to slowwwww a hateeee BT 
Ma thiighs to thick.  http://myloc.me/5fOU
MÃ¬nh sinh há»?at theo mÃºi giá»? nÃ o Ä‘Ã¢y 
mÃ¼sli bar tastes like shit when you're in cold turkey for chocolate 
maaaaaanno, ich will heim 
Maaaaajor traffic going to work.  now I can't deposit my paycheck. UHGG.
Maaaaan Feeder used to be amazing. 
maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho 
Maaaan I lost my ability in playing Pet Society 
Maaaan, I don't trust this hotel &amp; I'm out here alone! Estimated roadside asst time: 30 min. I hope the come sooner... 
Maaaan... it is way too nice outside to be in here working. 
MAAAF.....i know im not a good girl.. 
maaan getting all my music from the old computer to my laptop is taking aaaaaaaaages  this sucks
maaan i have a bangin headache!! 
Maaan, the water in the house is gonna be freaking freezing this morning. 
maan, learning to lucid dream is hard, i can't even be bothered to write dream diary 75% of the time 
Maan..fluff..where would the shananigans be?! Sooooo dressed to fck it up but i hav absolutely NO WHERE to go.. 
mac took a dive off the bed and now has an open wound. 
Macbeth is boring 
Macbook battery has died  Apple store is down so I can't tell how much replacements are, anyone know?
Macbook died, going to apple store 
Macbook Hard disk died.  Had very few backups. Tweeting and blogging will be slow for some time. will backup religiously from now on
MacBook won't start anymore... broken after 1 month! o.0 very disappointing 
Macet!!msh di toll.. 
Mackenzie is now headed to Houston.  I miss my baby already.  
mackin i needa charger bredrin 
Macro Wholefoods Market is officially dead  Only a few packs of nuts and some free cake remain in the Richmond store 
Mad Aggy Right Now. I Can't Sleep &amp; I Have To Get Up @ 7. Smh, I Feel Bad For My Neighbors, Too. I Hope I Can Do Something About This Now 
mad as a cracker 
Mad as hell that I overslept &amp; missed my class this morning 
mad at @DezzyBreezy because he seen me at the rink &amp; aint say nun 
mad at iTunes right now...downloaded a movie and it didnt sync on to my iPod 
Mad at myself waiting to get my brows done tip top is ram 
mad at target...now i dunno what to wear to my party 
mad at the sytycd judges. kupono should've gone home, not dearest footloose-dancing max-the-eastern-european non-talker. 
mad because i have to watch Obama give his speech on why GM is now Obama motors while i should be watching the showcase on price is right 
Mad because the update for my iPhone wiped out all - ALL! - of my contacts, phone numbers, etc.  I need to learn how to back up my phone. 
mad because valerieeeee cant find me on twitter! 
Mad blackplanet is on down time right now 
Mad chuffing busy so i have :-P and still 2 hrs to go  :
mad cuz GDA chat has been cancelled 
Mad doco on afghan heroin, post Taliban, on national geo. Makes me a bit squeemish tho  and depressed too :/
Mad g0t bit by mesquitez last night 
mad good sushi.. I want moree!! 
Mad housework I just did miss my mom. 
mad i saw a white dude on the side of the street with a sigh that said   &quot; day work for day day?   &quot; http://plurk.com/p/xq3x6
mad ii am goiing to miiss the Beyonce concert iin B-More!  â™¥
Mad its raining on my bday 
mad mad mad that they didnt have tortilla soup  guess it's applebees AGAIN!
Mad nite. Crashed my car  not too bad though http://myloc.me/2km3
mad sleepy finding it so hard to keep my eyes open 
Mad that I had to come home today. 
Mad that i just bought a iphone a week ago for $200 and now there $99 
Mad that I just woke up cause I set my alarm wrong...now I've missed church 
mad that I put the code in but already said it was expired.  
mad that ive missed every Conan show this week...  ...except for tonite! yes! :] e's still my fave......!
Mad that my girl Jessica Reedy didn't win!!! 
mad that target doesn't have anymore lines, vines, and trying times cds. 
mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*
mad tired at work 
Mad tired from my soccer game .. We were short grls so I played the whole time 
Mad tired today... Callin it in early tonight  nighty night twittas
Mad- went to see HANGOVER it was sold out 
mad. im printing all the wrong things. im scared. i dont wanna failll! 
Mad/Sad....Marci can't text or twitter till end of July 
MADD at slow drivers early this morning!!! I'm hungry 
madd bored 
madd tired nd pissed cause my laptop has a virus 
Madd tired... Wow... Nap didn't even help me 
Maddie decided to hide the remote and won't tell me where it is.  Not cool, little one...not cool. 
Maddie is going home today  I am super bummed!
Maddy ausgebÃ¼chst und weg. Buddha alles andere als fit -.- Nicht unser Tag  Maddy is lost while Buddha seems to be old and ill. Sad
Made a bear bento out of Jade China leftovers. Not as good as usual  http://yfrog.com/15ocsj
Made a Boo Boo this morning...smashed up a big bottle of Vit Cs 
Made a custom order item but the it is 0.5 inch shorter than the requested size. I'm shocked! Failed in pattern making 
Made a father's day cake today to go with my bumblebee cake! Work at 6 tomorrow 
made a HUGE mistake at work. boss is not happy. can't take it back now. this sucks 
Made a lot of noise and bothered downstairs neighbors. Oops.  #fb
made a mistake in (pre-)ordering Guitar Hero: Metallica from @playcom 
Made a new videoo hah, &amp;my teeth hurt like craaaazy 
Made a small splurge on nail-care. Starting to feel like it was an impulse buy. 
Made a tactical error in the Volvo Ocean Race and am having to claw back 10,000 places instead of being in strong, clean air 
made an attempt to weed out spammers and my timeline is much cleaner. More control than my 'Inbox' sadly 
Made an awesome taco dinner tonight! Too bad my weekend is almost over! 
made an epic video but it died 
Made another album art cover for TWCL: http://bit.ly/9Uvmt , kind of screwed it up. 
made another cute boy cry...turns out he thinks im gorgeous because of it...i wish i could marry him 
Made breakfast for my boy, healing the war wounds. Not gonna make it on gabbys boat  Prob will poke 5th ave fair at some point!
made dentist appointment. 9th of June. feel sick and nervous already  However. Ibprofen, Paracetemol and Codeine are my friends. *sigh*
Made fried english breakfast for Master and myself, burnt it  Master says he will fuck my ass soon, thank god!! It needs its share of cum!
Made good progress moving today. Now my back is sore 
made it 2 her destination. I wish I didn't have work 2day 
Made it all the way to Vegas with no traffic or construction until 6 miles from our hotel 
Made it all the way to within 50 metres of the office before the heavens opened 
Made it back 2 LA. So sad saying goodbye to my BFF  upside: mom is in LA w me! We r going 2 have a great wknd starting a church tomorrow!
Made it back in the house &amp; realized that I forgot the sugar right after I got settled back in... 
Made it back safe &amp; sound from the swine cruise, but just barely... I am burnt to a crisp 
Made it back to dallas...missing austin 
Made it back to the hotel ... So good to see my friend Janeybird again it's untrue, I don't get to see her half as much as I want too 
Made it back to Tuscaloosa... Now time to unpack 
made it happen on the golf course today...upset about the redwwings tho 
Made it home safely last night. Sad i'm not having Lisa's cinnamon rolls for breakfast 
Made it home, sub-par performance it has to be said - only managed 10 miles   wasn't feeling the love on the bike today!
made it home. not even 5 yet - yay!! gonna make some awesome green chicken curry dor dins! maybe watch a cool movie...on the couch..alone 
Made it home.. Going to bed alone... Again 
made it into leadership, buttt i'm still not happy! how can i enjoy it without my best friend? 
Made it into work! No lift today, so had to make my own way in, haven't done that for a long time? Up early leave early get in later!!! 
Made it out to camp ben! It's going to be an early night, i have work in the morning.  
Made it to Houston, now watching Nicholas Cage movies 
Made it to level 11 on Zombiville USA. Boss zombie killed me right away.  
made it to my favorite place on earth! (nan's)  but i left my phone 
Made it to NJ! Unloading tomorrow. I miss the best thing to ever come out of this state 
Made it to pa, saw a baby deer on the side of the road. So adorable! Been looking for a wordpress app for the blackberry, its not out yet 
made it to work feeling slightly better this morning.  Was gouged over $7 for juice, coke zero and cereal 
Made it! Just dropped off Jalen, now I gotta turn around and do another 2 hours back. Ugggg, shoot me! 
Made it, but no time for cheesesteak 
made my dad kool aid and it taste like shit 
@lisahollowood Me too 
@LisaHopeCyrus  do what's best for you hunny! don't think in me or in sarah just think of what's best for youuu
@LisaHopeCyrus hi omg! you are so lucky! my mom forced me to wake up at 11am! 
@LisaHopeCyrus hun don't be sad pleaseee! 
@LisaHopeCyrus hunny? why r u off in msn? 
@LisaHopeCyrus i cant!... 
@LisaHopeCyrus yes he was such a jerk and so mean! I really thought we were friends!  goshh im so mad at him
@LisaJalisa I didn't win.  @mUZikdoLL did.
@lisajenkins Do you mean Atonement? I really hated that book. Didn't live up to the hype at all. 
@lisajennifer Sorry to hear about your friend. 
@lisakimfleming good night lisa...may one day ill b ur homie again lol.. only time will tell on that.. 
@LisaKLong Wantd 2b comedian when lil boy. I memrize commercials jingles &amp; comedy movies like sponge. Decent impersonator. Nothin my own 
@LisaLavie Awww, not fair! I used to Love Eggos! I can't eat them anymore because there's an ingredient in them now makes me very ill. 
@lisalent very high fevers, just not well crying etc.. says things are sore 
@lisalisax2 why couldnt we have saw that yesterday instead of some scary ass movie?!!? geez lisa!   we'll just have to go mon during work!
@lisaloeb4real I feel as though you have had really bad luck when it comes to american airlines 
@lisaloo2429 hey i cant get off early friday 
@lisam75 @lopsi i also have tickets but not up for going  would love to see ballet as well  can't bear to leave baby just yet.
@lisam75 same here! i never sat in it but was constantly in and out of house yet my shoulders got burnt 
@lisam75 who you calling psycho? twitter not working for upload for me 
@LisaManna That stinks!    Poor mom! I had to scramble for a babysitter this morning since Maceo's daycare was closed due to flooding!
@LisaManna You don't believe me?!?!  
@lisamargreet poor mikey  he was blameless.
@lisamargreet that really is sad  sorry to have missed you Sat but lemon drizzle was yummy
@LisaMcP Oh no that's awful, I thought you'd cracked it the other week when you had a brainwave about helping her avoid getting upset 
@LisaMKnight I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@LisaMongold I do have one, but it fell out of my pocket and the screen cracked 
@LisaMongold I know.  I have such guilt associated with picking winners.  
@LisaMRicci l love the cut and the colors..looks perfect..I would love to have that cut..but my hair is way to thin for it 
@LisaMurray ((sniff sniff)) still no lisa.. my day is incomplete...   Oh well, I hae film to shoot anyhow lol procrastination kills me!
@LisaMurray No phone call is big red flag. Medical staff may know something. If something's really bad, there are injunctions.  Good luck
@LisaMurray no, I really wish I could! But itÂ´s a bigger thing to come from europe to NYC and I have no money 
@lisamwiseman LOL I don't have a tripod   Guess I'll have to keeP gawking to a minimum.. doesn't sound as easy as the red carpet shoot
@LisaNoelRuocco I have a cold too man, wtf!  feel better &lt;3
@LisaNoelRuocco the ending made me cry.  like, seriously. I always cry when animals die.
@LisaPietsch or Myspace. I've tried hundreds of times 
@LISAPUNKSTARR I FEEL BAD4HIM. I DNT KNO WAT2DO 2MAKE HIM FEEL BETTER 
@LisaRenee123 please don't break my heart 
@lisarice Yeah ... radio can be a little boring at times  You should try song.ly, and make up your own music playlist of songs!
@lisarinna - That bright green is awful  I understand the point but it's tough on the ol eyeballs.
@lisarinna i am DIEING to get to a book store for your book! The nearest one is an hour away.. I live in the middle of nowhere! 
@lisarinna I have never laughed so hard in my life as I did at that movie.  Definitely a good ab workout! 
@lisarobbinyoung that's random, Monday at 2 pm?  I'm amazed how blood tests take so long, you would think w/ technology... 
@LisaSawyer317 Morning, Sunshine !! Gray and cloudy here, to match my mood 
@LisaSpangenberg sadly @Dawno isn't me. It's some1 w/ 1 follower 1 update &amp; hasn't used Twitter since May 1, '07  I wanted that name, too
@lisastarlynn I haven't heard anything. I'll tweet you as soon as I hear. I'm really worried actually 
@LisaSullivan I would step back for a bit, except I'm just returning.  Life is too short, too important, to care about Plaxo/Outlook/Palm.
@lisatella I envy you, I have been at work since 3 this morning and still got another 4 hours and the weather is great 
@lisathebee tomorrow is my last night with you guys.  I go back to fulltime lot driver next week.
@LisaTheDiva  poor killer that sucks glad he's ok though
@LisaTheStar @_hayles i know, it was just me left here!!  xx
@lisathewaitress   Totally loved &quot;Pushing Daisies,&quot;  too.  Pretty much the only show I watched regularly this year.  
@lisathewaitress Mom and Dad moving - very hard on the kids, esp the boys, they miss Grandpa Mose  
@LisatotheW what happened to you?? You are REALLY letting twitter-peeps down!!! 
@LisaTroy  or her, I guess 
@LisaTroy oowww my little hopes were getting up!! how they have been dashed  sob sob hehe ok maybe not...
@lisawiy they are cooool. why are you so good at writing 
@lisaxjbx3 Goodnight is not on the trending topics.  lol
@lisbethh That'd give me...30 mins to fail horribly at ping pong? And there aren't even red cups and tasty malt-based beverages... 
@LisGarrett I know the feeling!  
@Lish95 Wanna talk about it ? 
@lisha_93 wasn't able to  she's probably got hundreds of tweets so I understand..wow you did? I'm jealous! lol my friend harley did too..
@lisha_e KILIG UR IN COLLEGE NA! HEHE Sorry, i didn't see any of ur tweets e  Miss u olrdy 
@LishaKatherine Hello. &lt;3 how are u 
@LishaKatherine i hope your doing great! I, your friends, and california miss you!!! 
@lishannn HAHA not tonight, I'm beeesy now 
@lishcullen jessica hall said it. 
@lishiemcfly : haha I missed the most recent season  &amp; I'm going to my aunts house for the week while my dad stepmom &amp; sisters are here 
@lishlove I might just do that. Nickelodeon doesn't seem to show any of those shows anymore. I must be getting old 
@lishusm It's raining a lot here today too 
@lisibo still no table mountain 
@lisisilveira That's terrible - sorry to hear about that 
@lisisilveira yes you are absolutely right. She really does need help. 
@lislBR Yeah it keeps happening to Me too  x
@lisle haha can't leh it also uses adobe air   
@lissa_angeline that is f'ing sad and disgusting. 
@Lissa_Me man... i want to see them again soon too 
@LissaMarsWorld uh oh!  I'm scared! Lol... She needs to wake her butt up!!! I'm getting angry
@Lissetteeee im fixing up myspace &amp; facebook =] where is youu? 
@LissetteMonzon Go where? No NKOTB show last night to go to. 
@Lissi12 Boo. That's no fun 
@lissmdb you will find them on facebook later. I didn't bring a camera 
@Lissssa You are killing me Smalls!!  I didn't think tickets went on sale until Saturday...How did you do it?  When does school start? 
@LissyLovesTila I never dream anything allthough I always have so nice thoughts before I go to sleep   How could I change this?!?
@lissyvz Not just an American thing, lots of bipolar ppl have problems separating themselves from their illness or actions while ill 
@lissyx and i very much wish that we could do that too! i needs my money though. booo. 
@listenerhope terrible, I have 103 fever and they tested for swine flu and mono today, so we shall see  . What are you up to
@ListenToFaze dont think hes got twiter baby  but thank you  my mums nearly in tears, where stayin up itll we find him lol x
@Listersmate will you be posting this? I have an appointment that same time. 
@listfull Aww.. I'm sorry  On the bright side, you won't have to go back for a while after this, right?
@listfull Cake was just OK. Chinese yellow/coffee cake. Five levels, tho! Forgot to take pic b4 it was too late, sorry 
@listofnow I know the feeling 
@liswickham of course!! ahahha i'm just telling that ur sooo lucky! i can't take naps! 
@lisybabe I had to pick it up and put it in the bin ... 
@litacho awww I'm sorry 
@litamedinger Aww, but it's so delicious. 
@litebrite20 nah what's ya link again sorry 
@litebriteac lmfaooooo awwww y she was mad? niggas jus be craccin jokes it be all fun and games. tell her i apologize  loL
@LiteBytes I know they actually made me very upset today! I had to shed a few tears! 
@Liteskinpoppin I thought you couldn't sleep I was bout2 break out the j. holiday 
@Liteskinpoppin u wildin on me ... Smh  .. Meany lol
@litherland especially not today's project.   (Graphic design is not fun and it is not about expression.)
@litherland SVA posted new su courses, incl. &quot;Elements of Communication Design&quot; w/ Nicholas Felton http://tinyurl.com/qybyvm so much $$ 
@lithousewife  I missed all the fun!  Nat Book Fest here we come!!
@LiTLmissJACKiE meeeee! Lls. I'm at work! 
@little_d1976  apoligies, i wasnt ruining ur dreams just keepin them relistic haha
@little_d1976 haha, i certainly not laughin and im sooo careful in the sun  boo haha
@Little_Lin Ear infections seems to be a common problem for dogs  Vet gave us some ear drops to keep as a standby..
@Little_Lotte I was shocked my horn fest for James Roday didn't get you to surface the other day.....He felt unloved 
@Little_Loz Not playing this week, decided to be sensible for once  And once again, your face = shite
@little_neets I quit my job, was just not happy 
@little_puma Awwz.. sori(: But next year will suck 
@littleanjel Ø§Ù†Ø¬Ù„ 
@littlebiancakay fuck off 
@Littlebird3107 I was crapped on by a seagull once, what the hell do those things eat? The mess was unbelievable. Damn things 
@littlebitlil 26 Sept for me, 1 Oct for you. HOW MUCH DOES IT SUCK 
@littlebitlil Nope  Two weeks of school, ugh. THEN HOLIDAYS! And my friend's taking me snowboarding, YEAHHHH.
@littlebitlil Oh....... true. Damn  Le sigh, I'll probably get it from Target neway. The conversion rate is horrible. &gt;_&lt;
@LittleBitTwistd I've misse you too, no fun floating in the stratosphere by myself 
@littleblackboot you left?    you didn't tell me?
@littleblackbow Dunno how. 
@littleblackbox i see too, i am very saddened as well 
@littlebruh que triste heusaeusauhea 
@LittleBurger 'member me? 
@LittleCaesara : udh nyala skrg?? waa!! gue belom. masih GSM (not even gprs). meh.  re : BIS Tsel
@littlecheetah47 Thanks!!! But I needed that Aspercreme! 
@LittleCoquette Oops! Didn't see you write that you hate it! That's good you're almost done though! And then Seattle! Nice! I wanna come! 
@littledevil84 *shrug* I couldn't fall asleep til at least 4 and woke up about 11 against my will,I was having a good dream and forgot it 
@littledotty @BIRCHY50 I already upset the neighbours and Paul Daniels tonight...  
@littledotty aggro should be included in my middle name; it follows me wherever i go  life, work, uni its everywhere
@littledotty defo not hated every single minute no air was flowing through even with the windows open 
@littleemilyjane another similarity ... Both off school today!  hope u feel better
@littlefishey I am having Vermouth Bianco and not cleaning.... but am yet envious  
@littlefishey I hate that section too. In best Celia Johnson voice, &quot;but it's so un-British to talk about oneself and ones achievements&quot; 
@littlefishey Is it me and the doggies? I cant see it 
@littlefishey Sign of bravery initiation me thinks 
@littlefishey Though I seem to remember a scary twitpic 
@LittleFletcher awww that's sad 
just finished yard work.... 
Just finished, - for today   - with painting the house. At least I did not fall down or get bee-stung again. Now for some #EQ2 and tea.
just finishing packing things that I'll be bringing with me to the boarding house. I'll be moving in 3 days. 
just finnished watching csi but i was more botherd about the advert for csi miami cause it sais harasho (if thats how u spell it ) dies 
just fished a dead baby bird out of the pool 
Just flashed my torch under my desk to try and find this damn mozzie, only to find whirlpools of hair! Gross. My legs are itchy. 
Just flew in from Nashville. Back to work in the morning. 
Just flew in to LAX. Sad to leave Hawaii but glad to be back home. Am missing @ZacharyQuinto and Chris Pine on MTV Movie Awards  Repeat!
Just flicked floor cleaner into my coffee  After thorough consideration the negatives outweighed the positives and I didn't finish it.
Just flooded the bathroom why can't things go right?  x
Just flopped quads with A10s and no one called my turn bet 
Just fml no one cares and everyones life would be WAY better with out me so y dont i just die 
Just for the record, Green Mesquite = not so good.  Was my first time, and more than likely, my last.  Too bad, so sad. 
just formatted the friggin memory card nooooooooooooo 
Just found a badly injured pigeon, couldn't help it as on my way to hospital. Wrang it's neck and feel bad! Right thing to do though! 
Just found a black widow at my work.... Terri made me kill it  so sad.....
just found a certain someone's twitter, too scared to add him tho 
just found a hole in my shirt.  That's the 3rd one this week!  My small wardrobe keeps shrinking 
Just found a place at my glasses, where the color is peeled off. Clearly visible when I look into the mirror. Never happened to me before 
Just found a random scholarship that I TOTALLY qualify for... But it's due in three days and I need three letters of recommendation 
Just found a shop selling 'Spanks' jam! Couldn't subtley take a picture 
Just found about ten typos in one story in the Plain Dealer, including one run on sentence. It happens more and more these days 
Just found an electrical outlet for standard plugs in this rental van mom won't let me plug in her hairdryer 
Just found another bug bite on my shoulder  Never going camping again.
Just found Hemlock Wooly Adelgid on one of our young hemlocks here outside Philly...    http://is.gd/tjdv
Just found I have a matha exam on Wednesday  that's a definite fail
just found i have to leave for the airport at 4am on thursday, bummmmmmm 
Just found mj mouse flats at DJs. Of course there are none left in my size 
Just found my 6th grade teacher on facebook! I had a crush on her! What!?! She is only a few yrs older than me. Bad news is she's engaged 
Just found my dream dog on GRRR, too bad I can't get it 
Just found my NK's cards &amp; seeing what I have! I didn't think I had them anymore! I don't have a complete set though. 
Just found our my camera's clock if off by several days. I don't know how many pictures have the wrong date and time 
just found our Streetight broke up....awwww shit!  That's two former NBT winners to break in the last year...The Fault were the other...
Just found out a coworker of mine has a high chance of passing away this week from cancer.  I never even knew he had cancer. So sad 
Just found out a friend and his son fell down a 25ft shaft onto concrete today. They are alive at least. Don't know much else. 
Just found out a friends mom has breast cancer  She's in good spirits, but I'm a bit overwhelmed with the shock of hearing the news
just found out about a friend's predicament. sad 
Just found out about a local fashion show that me and my sista have to attend pray for us 
just found out about david cook's brother. My prayers are with david and his family 
just found out about MayhemFest in KC next month... must find the $$ to go.. 
Just found out all of my stuff will be packed when i get home 
just found out an old school friend is dev'ing iphone apps but cant afford the $99/yr licence fee to publish them. #ipwn 
Just found out an outbuilding at one of my other houses has been broken into. Again. That's probably the 6th or 7th time now 
Just found out Brownie chewed up my new flip-flops  I thought this chewing phase was past.
Just found out can't drive rental car into Czech Republic.  Have to change our travel plans. 
Just found out from my dad I can't go to the dance workshop tomorrow, how sad  I was pretty anxious too, gaahd. I need ice cream, haha.
Just found out from the guy who cuts my grass that a big oak next to the road fell over &amp; took out my fence. Oh well. 
Just found out Google gears was the bug making Firefox crash one me all the time. No solution found as far as I know.. 
Just found out his texts haven't been working since around 9pm last night. If u've texted me since then, i haven't rcvd it. 
just found out I am doing overtime on Tuesday and working hard again tomorrow 
Just found out I have pool-sitting duty (8 yr old) right after work. My slow cooked roast will have to wait. 
just found out i have strep 
just found out i have swimmer's ear  and don't know what to do  http://bit.ly/3m7ax
Just found out I have to be up at 6am PST the day after July 4th to book studio time.  #fml
Just found out I have to leave my lovely flat!! And been waiting 2.5 hours for a plumber. Still no job news.  Not a good day 
just found out i have to miss the Britney spears concert...out of the country   I actually wanted to be loser and go LOL
Just found out ill B @ work til 12/1am blown 
Just found out I'm going to need two surgeries 
Just found out I'm too old for speed-dating. 
just found out i'm working fathers day from 11 to 3. bummer 
just found out i've been swattin flies with a letter from joanna... 
Just found out Joy is being returned now. I have no idea where we will put her! Makes four cats returned in one week! 
just found out matty didnt have a good birthday/party...  i feel bad because it SEEMED like he was having fun saturday.. *sigh* boys..
Just found out Megan Fox is in London tonight and i'm already on the train home! CRAP! There goes my chance 
just found out missed out on a mcdonalds with the girls last night 
Just found out mother-in-laws muscle pull in her back is really a compression fracture 
Just found out my abuelo had a stroke... He's in equador on vacay...  praying that everything ok....
Just found out my amazing old boss, indie business owner for 60 odd years, has been diagnosed w/ lung cancer. One month b4 his 83rd bday 
just found out my dad's Father's Day gift is on backorder! Grumble-grumble! 
Just found out my ENTIRE fam is home in LA to see my older brother since he went yesterday. Sigh. And i'm here in AZ w allergies  Lame!
Just found out my favorite cousin got married and i didnt even know about it 
just found out my hubby planning a boys weekend in the Algarve   no ladies allowed!!
just found out my nan is in hospital  
Just found out my parents are putting down my dog tomorrow morning. Upset 
Just found out my pop died.  bye great grandpa swanson. 
Just found out my sister is going to go watch RENT!!!!! Ugh I'm so jealous of her! 
Just found out my youngest sis's kitten died. Oh man! She couldn't stop crying. 
Just found out nobody ever dies in SRAG...thats so anti-climactic! 
Just found out one of my ankles is swollen...eeks now it hurts 
Just found out one of my close friends is HIV positive. Heavy. I totally brole down. Thank God for ur health everyday. 
Just found out one of my cousins died today.... They don't know why yet.  
Just found out one of my coworkers that I actually like is leaving. 
just found out one of my myspace mates died........need to sort my internet connection out so I dont miss out on more time with friends.. 
just found out our luggage is going to cost each of us. suck. i don't know why i didn't look this up sooner. eff. the team wont be happy. 
Just found out our neighbor, in his 40's, thinks he has prostrate cancer  Will have results this week...
just found out Rhianna and Drake were at my club last night...i always miss the good people 
Just found out Sharapova is out already  Will have to support Maria Kirilenko instead then. And whoever Andy Murray is playing obviously!
Just found out she could have got another half hour of sleep. 
just found out she worked a whole weekend for nothing. Stupid payroll 
just found out some absolutely terrible news...RIP kate davis...how horrible. 
Just found out some criminals copied my bank card and withdrew 1200 euro from an ATM in Morocco. It's going to be fun to fix that 
Just found out some girl is sending her babyface nude pictures...? 
just found out some sad news about her favorite magazine... 
just found out something i wish i hadn't 
just found out something not good  makes me a bit scared
Just found out ted leo and the pharmacists played in b'ham last week and see missed it 
just found out that a friend from SG passed away on Friday night late 
Just found out that a guy i went on a date with is joining the army. Woww 
Just found out that an awesome colleague left on friday - didn't even say bye to him  damn - I didn't know he was leaving!
just found out that andy is getting a limo for this weekend, benassi is going to be fucking epiccc! but, for now i'm doing fafsa shit. 
Just found out that Anne's brother died unexpectedly - he was only 44.  Warm thoughts going out to her family...
just found out that Cody rhodes and ted dibiase are doing autograph signings at hyperdome on 5th July and I can't go cause I have concert 
Just found out that Farrah Fawcett passed away @ 62. She played Jill on series &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot;; lost battle w/ cancer 
just found out that i am not eligible for funding  wwwwhhhhyyyy
Just found out that I may not be leavin' 4 ATL this thursday, I may have to work @ the mall so I can't leave till Friday night 
Just found out that I won't be able to get my nose pierced 'til next week 
just found out that i'm probably going to be laid off in a couple months....fuck my life, for real this time 
Just found out that Jon and Kate are getting a divorce trough Twitter I know hate this 
Just found out that Jon and Kate are getting a divorce trough Twitter I now hate this 
Just found out that Mike Tyson's daughter died, sooo sad 
Just found out that my grandmother is in the hospital 
just found out that my great aunt died on saturday  im going to miss her a lot
Just found out that my one of favorite regulars died of an aneurysm last week. 
just found out that none of my friendfeed posts made it to Twitter 
Just found out that one of my dear,dear friends has the swine flu... 
just found out that privileged season 2 is cancelled and comforting myself with a ben&amp;jerry's.. this is worse than losing a boyfriend. 
just found out that she has a sunburn on her chest from the outing today. 
Just found out that the Dead Weather are playing the Roxy tomorrow. I'm pretty sure it's sold out. 
just found out that the little bird nesting on the porch is called a house sparrow. not a &quot;good&quot; bird apparently 
Just found out that the person planning on staying here to take care of Stiva while I'm away July 22-August 12 MAY not be able to come 
Just found out that there have been cases of dolphins raping people... thats horrible 
just found out that they gonna leave my mom admited in the hospital she has an infection in her pancreas.  god help her!!!
just found out that two of my friends will resign this month from CDP  really really sad to see them leave.
just found out that we're gonna have vacation in bulgaria and in greece,,how cool is that,,but i have to wait til 16th august 
just found out the &quot;bug bite&quot; on my leg is a spider bite...... 
just found out the boy i really like has a girlfriend. he told me only days ago he loved me now he has a gf    i feel so sad. stupid boys.
Just found out the Camp has been cancelled.  BUT!! This means I can make the party I have this weekend! God makes good things happen. 
just found out the greatest news ever  shamee im going on holiday tbf  oh well when i get back boooo yah
Just found out the guy I was crushing on at work is straight... Fuck me (oh wait, he wont  ~S
just found out the next dunkin' donuts is in berlin.. Oo. too far away.. 
just found out the second earphone slot doesnt work on my laptop  they could of been soo happy together
Just found out the Skype iphone app is finally here, works well but cant open url's from a chat window 
just found out the Tony awards were June 7th, not July 7th, dang... 
Just found out via Gazelle.com that my old cell phones &amp; the 2nd Gen iPod Nano that I inherited from my sis are worth a combined $59 
Just found out we're working through until 1am! Not impressed 
just found out who he really is. i feel so betrayed and sad. tomorrow is going to suck. fuck it all 
Just found out: ice cream is not always fun 
just found some blood on one of my towels, that bitch lied to me....she was on her period 
Just found some really old fansite layouts for bobbahappens - I used to co run it, but then it got shut down 
Just found somethign out that's gotten to me a bit. I think I need a hug 
Just found that his car was broken into. All they took was the archos.  lucky they didn't take the stereo.
just found the (fashion blogger's) website. I can not see my picture  what a shame...
Just found the awesome fathers day gift at tar-jay for my hubby. They have everything. Best buy doesn't open till 10am. Lost a sale. 
just found the complete series of The Wire in hmv for ï¿½100 and really wants it 
Just found the perfect pair of boots, but I can't afford them 
Just found the perfect shoes to go with my new blue dress. Sadly they are by Dior and cost Â£655 
just found the same item on Amazon but from a different vendor for $30 less than I paid... and my order is too far along to be cancelled. 
Just found two huge mosquito bites on my back.  theyre like pennies.
just foundout that st athonys and padua had people tested positive for swine flu. st as closeddown. padua decided to stay open. so pissed 
Just fubared by home dir...  looking for a backup
Just FYI - if you use Q or your provider uses Qwest - they're hammered.  Your commitment times may be 24+ hours out! 
just ganna go tidy up my fan family experience page, i feel like i've neglected it 
just gave a BIGGGGGGG goodbye hug to both manaum and areej 
Just gave a poor old woman some money, feel sorry because it's the best I can. 
Just gave away my baby chicken 
just gave my notice to vacate my apartment 
just gave Sassy a bath in her parents' super convenient basement sink. I wish I had a spray thingy in my sink 
just get back home. the first exam was too long no time to finish it ... 
just getin home frm work sad and touching I know! smh 
Just geting ready.                          Then maths studying what a pain 
Just gettig up...... and then going to school  cant wait for it to be over
just gettin done with patrick....unavail until 7 pm....sherrie we will miss u!!!makes me sad 
Just gettin in had a nice nite with tha hubby,about to get sum R&amp;R(rest&amp;relaxation) in b4 2morrow sneaks up on me  y cant weekns b longer!
just gettin over a loss of my sweet little puppy 
Just getting back from ascot today. Had a good time but now completely knackered. Only won 1 race 
Just getting back into the swing...Still sore from my surgery  and tired...Coffee time!
Just getting home &amp; to what a surprise brownies but no vanilla ice cream  hellllllllllllllllllllllla weak lol
just getting home and wishing she was back in Richmond with her friends...miss you so much guys 
Just getting home from the ER with my son...wat a llooonnnggg night...&amp; i gotta get up in a few hrs!! 
just getting home from work I have a few aches n pains   Catching up on some emails then movie and bed. Off tomorrow then another long ...
just getting home not feeling so well!! hope I don't get sick and miss a nice weekend!!! 
just getting home...sucks to be designated driver 
just getting off work now.  Server upgrades was a complete FAIL but we are limping along for now.  still got some work to do though 
Just getting off work. Im tired now but by the time I get home I'll be wide awake. 
Just getting off work.... A Long Drive Home 
just getting out of work. super tired. sad. i have a feeling tomorrow isgoing to be a lonely day.  happy 3 years.
Just getting out of work. Ugh 
Just getting ready for my stupid interview at school 
Just getting ready to go to bed, hope today turns out better than yesterday 
Just getting settled in from a wasted day! 
Just getting something to eat and trying to stay on it but its not much here....got chicken but it not the best 
Just getting to bed...I know hella late but not sleepy...see u guys @ work tomorrow...boo, the weekend's over 
Just getting to work 
Just getting to work...I have drunk people to deal with, I really do not like dealing with drunks! 
just getting up, meeting with a daycare at 11....dont wanna go or send pais  hopefully finding a job after that!
Just getting used to this thing, goes pretty slow though on my compu 
Just give me a bit babe, fam is stiill pretty mad..  then we will.
just go a sanchwich today, still hungry 
Just go back from bowling , sucky games 221-161-159 
just go donce havin a whole bunch of fun wit C &amp; R... now work 
Just go off FB, had tried a quiz. It said Love is heading my way. Ok, let's see if it's true. Ready!  MARCO?!...MARCO?!...HEY!! w.u.w.t? 
Just goes to show, pick your heroes wisely. 
Just going through my promos for the  weekend &amp; after 45mins I've only found 1 useable track! Where are all the BIG summer tunes hidding? 
just going to bed soo tired... walk to school ? 
Just going to bed, talked to @neezyyy about the past 
Just going to look for the paracetamol  it has been a while since I had a good nights sleep.
just gone and got a mobile broadband dongle because i'm not going to be connected properly until 20th May!  it works pretty well! 
Just gone done with a set of 4 hour extensions!!!only one big burn on my thumb 
Just gone through my followers. It seems I only have 1 sexbot. I feel unloved now 
Just gonna go to the two melbourne shows...  but sometimes real life just gets in the way
Just googled my friend from elemntary school only to find out that he died @ the hands of violence 
just got $1000 and then 'lost' it a few hours later 
just got $4200 estimate to fix leaky roof in condo. grown A* woman wid grown A* probs ... I no wanna grow up no more. 
just got 100% on metal by tenacious D on guitar hero on wii. streak of 353!!! it was easy thou 
just got 2 out of 3 exam results. no distinctions.   (but alhamdulillah pass! hehe)
Just got 45 emails in the span of 2 mins from the Everest empire 
just got a 25euros fine, a bad sore throat, and a horrible running nose. what a great weekend 
Just got a beating at home 
Just got a brand new betta fishy named June! yay! welcome our new pet! still miss sally......r.i.p dear ole fishy pooh! 
Just got a call from my drs ofc - I'm allergic to peanuts and chocolate!!! SERIOUSLY???!!!!??? Come on chocolate??!!? 
Just got a call from my obgyn. My pap smear came back abnormal, so I have to have a colposcopy 
just got a call from pops.  They think my grandpa had a massive heart attack, gramma found him on the floor in the garage...fuck 
Just got a call from Prof.Park. Too bad I had to turn his offer down to sing&amp;translate for the music tour in LA during summer 
JUST GOT A CHECK IN THE MAIL!!!!!!!!!!!!! Worth 4,700!!  But the check is signed to My nick name DOODI BIGUMS   what should i do?
just got a denied letter from bazaar bizarre. sad. i was looking forward to a road trip to be a vendor there 
Just got a flat tire. Waiting for AAA. 
Just got a freakin speeding ticket! 
Just got a good deal on a hotel room via the priceline negotiator.  They accepted my first offer though so I left money on the table 
just got a haircut 
just got a haircut, NOT happy! 
Just got a haircut. Now my hair is very short. 
Just got a horrible call about a missing pet...enjoyment of movie now gone 
just got a message from lyndon neil.  i miss camp so much.  AHHHHH! 
Just got a message from the Muse guys. GIG IN AUTUMN AT THE O2 ARENA!!! :O. Hope I can go though 
just got a needle   there not good man not at all 
Just got a new dress! I love it. Its so hot out today 
Just got a new job offer, and i refused it  damn exams
Just got a new phone &amp; during the sim swap I deleted every contact after M.... woops.  
Just got a rejection letter for a job I didn't expect to get or even really want.  And yet, I am still bummed 
Just got a shot in my butt. I feel like a toddler. And it hurts 
Just got a shot on my arm. Eww. 
just got a tetnus booster on my left arm, ow, I'm in pain 
Just got a ticket in the mail. Boo 
just got a ticket. big fat ticket. 47 in a 30. boo boo boo  i think i'm gonna cry...
just got a twitter got no friends  oh well life goes on
just got a txt afarid something is going to happen at work today 
just got about 4 hours sleep, sleeping with rollers in your hair is tortuureeeeeee 
just got accidentally punched in the nads by a cleaner...today isn't going well 
just got all her new science text books  badtimes.
Just got all his hair cut off... 
Just got an email about a job in Germany but I can't take it now 
Just got an email from taylor swift, wembley arena fearless show  wish i could go!!
Just got an idea for a yamato/kouya amv. wish there was more footage of them though. &amp; that i could make amv's  XI
just got an orientation at our new @ work gym! Exciting! But now I don't have an excuse to not work out  lol  #fb
Just got and I'm packing to go home  oh yea and follow #peterfacinelli please he need to win his bet thanks everyone
Just got another BS ticket! The nyc cops have to be trying to make a qouta   no bueno!!
Just got at my house, I still wanna get with that one guy plzzz 
just got attacked by a bird. it was scary 
just got attacked by a squirrel 
Just got attacked by mosiquitos! Great fun!  If you need to find me, I will be in my bedroom scratching myself.
JUST GOT BACK 4RM A LONG WORKOUT AT DA GYM  ....
Just got back and had to carry shelves which wasent fun 
just got back from A &amp; E....just hope i will be ok for the march on Saturday 
just got back from a all pontiac car show it was tight, 2 bad they r shutting down, it sucks 
Just got back from a day at the beach with my tribe. Caught up on some essays I wanted to read and got a sunburnt butt 
Just got back from a family cookout! I need a nap 
Just got back from a funeral for an old friend.  I hate those things, but I guess they give comfort to the survivors... 
Just got back from a great weekend in TO to find out my pal lost my 9 yr old dog! Already called spca etc.. out now to hopefully find her 
Just got back from a Honda meet......tired....i need rims my car looks so stock compared to all dem SI's 
just got back from a lecture by big brother 
just got back from a manic shift at work and now has my sister shouting at me because i went to sit down..arghhhh...i hate 2day  x
@LittleFletcher i am so so jealous!  which act are you most looking forward to see? i'd love to see Leona, Blue and JLS!
@LittleFletcher i cried at bolt it was so sad 
@LittleFletcher I just had my history exam! It sucked so bad .. and i never understood the first exam paper 
@LittleFletcher I really hope my replys to you won't make you think I'm a teeny who wants attention from Tom's sister.  aha.
@LittleFletcher Make the most of the time you spend together! I'm moving to France for 6yrs and leaving my beloved boyfriend Karl behind 
@LittleFletcher ouch both videos arent available in my country 
@LittleFletcher Which questions did you chose in the exam, i almost cried in mine :[ Did not go well at all  xxx
@littlefluffycat exactly, that was really brilliant #squarespace I've seen lots of contests that had US residents only 
It's Goodbye Day 
It's great to spend some time with family I haven't seen in a few years. If only my and kids could have made the trip to SFO 
It's gym it's grim it's 5.48 
its h0t af &amp; my ph0ne still 0ff 
it's happening again . . . everybody coupled up  on bueno
It's happening all over again with him.... And I have no one to blame but myself.  
it's hard being a girl.. particularly every month. 
It's hard being afraid of spiders after your roommate catches a poisonous one in his bed.  
it's hard being productive w/ the lights flickering on and off: storms: y a y 
It's hard dealing with a broken heart... 	constantly 
Its hard for me to do the study thing at this time..i wanna sleep 
It's hard not working with your best friend and seeing old emails and things like that. We worked side by side for almost 5 years. 
It's hard raining. I wanna stay at home. But I've gotta go for work 
It's hard to be excited for summer when it's so cold out 
It's hard to believe that party was over two years ago &gt;&gt;*sighs*&lt;&lt; where does the time go 
It's hard to breath. Like my lungs or whatever muscle hits a bone in my back. 
It's hard to catch up on a full days tweets! Forgot to #squarespace and #trackle yesterday 
its hard to find wich celeb your looking for coz there mostly fake accounts 
Its hard to get a good Google listing for wills in Wiltshire because one of the local MPs is called Wills 
It's hard to 'hear' anything in the midst of all the election campaigning!  Rhetoric rules!  
Its hard to know when people think that you are not good enough but it is even harder when you learn it from your loved ones. 
It's hard to plan a menu when you can't eat 
it's hard to say goodbye 
its hard to say goodbye  maaf yah mendadak...........
its hard to see people disapointed at you when you already know its going to go ALL WRONG .. today was one of those days. 
It's hard to sleep when all I can think is that it's pouring rain and there is a hole in my house.  Is this night over yet?!
its hard to type with fake nails 
It's hard to want to cook when you have a sick child that can't eat  Poor thing.
it's hard trying to find everyone i was following 
It's hard when your best friend has split up with her boyfriend of 5 years and she resents you talking about yours 
just got back from a party  had soo much fun...but i gotta work on a LOT of hw tomorrow 
Just got back from a retirement party. Sadly, it was not mine. 
Just got back from a run....guess its time to get to homework 
Just got back from a Storytelling workshop. My craft needs some work. 
Just got back from a very long meeting! Sakit ng ulo ko.. and init sa conference room!!  http://plurk.com/p/uj1v5
Just got back from a walk with Aaron, Laura, and her family. Got a blister from my sandals  #squarespace
Just got back from Acer service center. They said it could be anything, powerboard, motherboard, LCD, hard drive. Get well Bruce. 
Just Got Back From An Awesome Lunch With Carson Taylor....Doing Homework Now  
just got back from an emergency trip to the vet.  Jaymie isn't feeling well.  cost me $307.  have to bring her back tomorrow 
Just got back from being up and down the Texas Coast for our wedding anniversary. Didn't catch no fish though..... 
Just got back from being with my cat for an hour cause she's sick. 
made pancakes for mothers day............... did not go well. 
Made pancakes this afternoon. Syrup hides my lack of quality pretty well. But we ran out of syrup. 
made scrambled eggs for breakfast. if i keep this up, i'm going to get fat  . i'm just continually eating. and i just sit around all day.
made semi finals at long beach theatre fest, but i didnt place in finals  maybe next year
Made some french fries. Now my stomach aches badly 
Made the mistake of showing my 2-year old a Slinky for the first time just before bedtime... now he doesn't want to go to bed 
Made this absolutely delicious chicken soup...  Then I got caught up trying out Wii fit and burnt it.  nothing sadder than burnt soup...
made toasties with that daft wee milk roll round bread you get and half fat plastic cheese slices, away to savour 
Just got back from bowling the city tournament in Nashville. Bowling was bad 
Just got back from Cameron Highlands.  Tripped and fell in Mossey forest, unlucky! 
just got back from church, and I totally hate insects.
