@livluvlaugh4eve i'm with you girl! i've been moving and dealing with finances, clubs and finals these last couple of weeks.crazy times! 
@livnb how did yo umeat the faker dude? i think sway sways already played and ewww britany  also what happnes if you call that number?
@livnb WHAT TOOK HER IPOD!!!!!!!!! WHAT WHAT WHAT?!?!? i mean i can live without a phone.. but without an IPOD!! 
@livnb yeah that would just be mean! 
@livnenna earlier today 10 &amp; 'one' were showing exactly the same thing. FTL 
@livrae im very excited for tomorrow. im still frustrated though cause he hasnt text back 
@livviee yeah me too  I haven't done anything for geo . and I haven't revised french T_T!
@Livvixo haha are you trying to mold Josh into the perfect Japanese boy? I want a pretty Japanese guy too 
@livvvsterrrx0 I wish I were there in line or even going blah. 
@livvvsterrrx0 LOL everyone has twitter...you can stop the stupid category from making one  wish you could though
@livvvsterrrx0 the palm centro I gave you has Internet lol I should have found you the users guide. But I think I threw it out 
@liz Same here! Although the new one seems to be running out of batteries faster than my old 2g 
@Liz_66 You have heat??? we dont even have the sun right now 
@liz_cave it'll be one of the last things we do before you leave.  BAH
@Liz_da_shiz10 its about damn time...you'll like it once you get the gang of it...oh yeah I may not be coming tom 
@liz_danes what holiday is it?  I'm so outta QLD loop these days! *sad face*
@Liz_Gomes I'm sorry I feel bad for you  hey umma be in NY Monday we should meet up at sum point ;)
@Liz_Hatch Really sorry to hear about the injuries.  Keep us posted on the girls.  Glad you were able to stay out of it. Wanted to see u 
@Liz_Hatch What's the question? Image is too hard to see from my BB 
@Liz_Lucy awh, hot tub  we'll have one when we get our flat ;)
@liz_nicole An article someone wrote for me as proof of their writing ability, in order to work as a writer for me. 
@Liz_Peterson9 Having a few dramas here... Say Hi to your Mum and let her know I will be in touch when things calm down 
@liz0007 i have no idea. i'm a bit iffy about this whole blog thing. I think it's just gonna end up being 1 or 2 random posts, that's it 
@liz0007 see you should've gone for the obviously straight one like me! *giggle* Though he's a bit of a jackass 
@liz4flowers I just got home from dinner out and found nesting material scattered all over. I think something got into the birdhouse! Sad 
@liz522 I don't get home til mid-August  I'm sorry everyone is leaving you, but hey, you get to go to Aruba!!
@Liza_L Seems like the plane was having electrical probs and disappeared off radar. It would have run out of fuel by now 
@lizajbeck @CarpetBurns That sounds like a plan!! Ooops I forgot, I'm a big kid - guess I'm not invited!  Isnt it Whiskey in the Jar????
@LiZAmtl  her to my moms for my party thing, and she said she would try to make it. :/ she couldn't I guess 
@LiZAmtl I may join you. 
@LiZAmtl OK...HELP HERE WHATS  banged @JonathanRKnight..bANGED?' Portuguese chick dont understand  sniff help me
@lizamyers The army wants a bombing range, I believe. Don't know the details 
@LizandLisa My Girl has one of those, would welcome any tips!! Making it passable involves tears, complete taming just never happens 
@lizasperling excellent   So you don't have any camera to try it with?  
@lizawhitten Actually looks like we STILL don't have your car 
@LizB18 He is pretty. And he is good. I'd miss him if he left. I'd probably cry a little too 
@lizc2 just watched it. Am distraught and shaking and had tears but now I know he's okay I'm okay  Poor Ricky but he fought like an idiot
@lizcaro... Noo  at west they have the teacher pick awards and the student pick... He won the student pick. He is the most annoying ma ...
@LizeeH Ohh yea it is. The Ross Kemp interview was good, but unfortunately it only lasted like 2 seconds.  whose te hollywood star!? x
@lizet09 ahah its ok(; REALLY?! ahh i have to wait another hour 
@lizet09 I cant belive the eminem thing was real he realy did look mad tho!,omg I know I forgot that the 2nd movie is where he leaves her 
@lizette978 the same place mine is! 
@Lizfig3 LOL, the only ones that worked are in French. Oh well 
@LizGmaz We need to vote that the district cannot not let us vote if the district will let us vote on that 
@LizGogo Kindergarten enrollment? I feel for you ... we just put the kids in school here in Bali. Finn's not liking it though 
@lizguera no way that's shitty  I haven't been sleepin either. I just poured me a glass of whiskey
@lizguera that shits gine 
@lizguest  When you have a garden, because when you are in an apartment, it sucks.   *and waves at Liz* XD
@lizguest http://twitpic.com/6u1hd - Didn't work honey  Do you have the correct format? Jpeg works best
@LizHargreaves Hahaha. I should suggest ferry Twitter updates to my boss. He would either laugh or tell me to get to work.  
@lizisgully I don't remember...lol my bad yo 
@LizJonasHQ Are the magazine just going 2 B on sale in USA right? I'm from Spain  Whatever,thank you so much for everything you do on JHQ!
@LizJonasHQ aww&lt;3 I wish i could go 
@lizjonashq http://twitpic.com/6swun - i can't see it 
@LizJonasHQ I didn't get the passes  I thought it was next week. ugh. have fun cuz I prob can't go now!!
@LizJonasHQ I hope you get better. I totally now how you feel...I have the cold too.  not fun. (Dreaming about Kevin=medicine).lol
@LizJonasHQ i'm in the dc/viginia area. i unfortunetly, dont' have icets for the concert 
@LizJonasHQ oh em gee. Can I cry? I'm crying! I wiiiish I was there  I love NILEY and before the storm!
@LizJonasHQ oooh ok! yes.. that is really fake! hahaha but youtube deleted the real one! 
@LizJonasHQ site's not working 
@LizJonasHQ you know what, there's a pool on facebook...frankie has more votes than kevin and he's not in the band!  Kevin is amazing!!
@LizJonasHQ you would finally have a chat when I won't be home 
@LizLemonCologne Ahw  Still hope you'll reach your destination soon!
@LizLemonCologne Sorry, never heard of that term 
@LizLemonhead I totally understand Liz....download one for me while you are at it. 
@Lizler1 Sorry, hon. I'm running behind on responses. I have to work at work. 
@lizlouisee NOOO  we drove down to the friendly's by school and the line was like CRAZYY long haha.
@Lizloz check out @chesneyhawkes he is quite a cutie although I think he has gone off me!!!  Sob Sob! He ignores me these days! lol xx
@Lizloz glad you had a good night ;) shame about your hangover tho  xx
@Lizloz I have a feeling I'll be seeing her again sooooooon 
@Lizloz I'll be voting for an independent I think - really worried that the BNP might get some seats if people withhold votes 
@Lizloz oh dear. Were you awful? Any gossip? Btw when is next sheff weekend? I a bit screwed in oct/nov cos of project 
@lizluvsJK @mimi918 @8or @joemaclover @michellecpa @glossymom just the feeling I have today from people... at work and online 
@lizluvsJK haha..lol me either!!! but we know its true!! 
@lizmachine  hope everything is okay
@LizMcClarnon did you watch the match Lils? I did and wished I hadn't  really thought we were gonna win as well. gutted for moyesie!
@LizOG I rang bobbi brown at BT in Galway but they were all booked up for ladies day!!!  X
@lizp02x oh man that sucks! I'm hoping to go to school HAPPY tomorrow or else it won't be good  ahhh
@lizp02x yaaay!  are you two at eatons still, you should have told me i live soo close to eatons 
@LizS4ra Hate it when that happens  Could you give her another name?
@LizS4ra yes it is eh? and hard too 
@Lizselle I think my wisdom teeth. And my neck still hurts.  http://myloc.me/2ewJ
@lizthelatina what about craig ec 
@LizTufte_Cats Oh so sorry to learn   Onto the Rainbow Bridge
@lizTWTS3 LOL, you cant travel by plane when your preggo   &lt;3
@LizUK Hey  Maaitjie!  Ag hectic, internet's giving me shit at home and cafe's are getting trouble from Telkom, so... 
@LizUK Ooooh, nasty.  Hmmmm, will have to find something for you.... (evil grin)
@LizUK Unfortunately not, living where I do doesn't mean I can get to many signings - actually I've not gone to anything except Eastercon 
@lizurbethlovesu aaw!  i hope you dont get this huge mess dumped on your hands tonight.... ;)
@lizvalenzuela http://twitpic.com/7oiw6 - I feel ya.. I miss my mom, grams and lil brother 
@lizwoolly got nothing else to do in my sad and lonely life 
@LizyHernandez so like 6 hours later, 2 IVs morphine and valium I felt ok, this morning I'm still cramping 
@lizz_xx there is no more june 20th 
@lizzeann gentle ((huggs))...sorry, sweetie  
@lizzeann my brothers got the good stuff there...  not me. We are in the same boat.
@lizzie_xoxo @katypayne getting to your house  unless my dad can take the shitty van and drop me off... but idk where he is.
@lizzie123x last time I hugged my Dad was December  You haven't got all night &amp; you know why I'm Team Neles ;) xxx
@lizzie123x my msn deleted all my contacts last night as well as spam emailing everyone. no one else who got the email lost contacts 
@lizzie123x yeh but this is DEMI. 
@lizzie123x yeppp. i want to see demi though. cant they likee. urgh. 
@Lizzie2510 CAN'T SEE HIS FACE 
@Lizzie2510 HAHA nope not me. I'm not that good! I think @DavidArchie died - he hasn't been on twitter in more than 24 hours!  I miss him!
@lizziebright hahahaa yeah im in the most excited mood coz of it! lol. watching it ova n ova! dont wanna wait 6months for the movie 
@lizziecow Yes, it's still on and it still bobbles, but sideways. ARGH!!! PEOPLE ARE EVIL!!! 
@lizziecuevas  on my way there too.
@lizziedr @marielinton I know. How can we be so unlucky?  Hahahah.
@lizziedr @patriciaco Some asians sill get replies from them.  We're just not meant to get replies. *sigh*
@lizziedr JUST THE VOICE!!! 
@lizziedr Liz! Thaaank you! I can't believe I'm gonna be missing so much.  What are you guys having so far?
@lizziedr Yeah. Hahah. Where is sheee? 
@lizzieeeh yeap iit is raining :/ i hate the rain so much  but it makes me laugh when im in my bed and people are out in in  hahaha  xx
@LizzieGrubman have a great time in the Hamptons. Hope it's for some relaxation, not for work 
@lizzieIsCool even you could love Joe after seeing them. he was amazing. nick hardly came over though 
@lizzieIsCool it's going really slow atm tho, so it's not fun 
@lizzieIsCool meh, i feel fine now, it was crazy 10 minute sickness session, but now i'm hungry again 
@LizzieJoe LOL YES!  I feel like I missed so much!  But there's no new videos 
@LizzieMay32  I wish you were here  this place makes me sad
@lizzisahmazing yes. 
@lizzlaw !! zomg.  Don't worry, try again! Many people pass on their second try.
@Lizzlie Awwwhhh, boo-urns to pain 
@LizzoLuvsMiley Im Really Upset 
@Lizzs_Lockeroom Sorry to hear that 
@Lizzy_Louise i wish i was  drink up girls ;) lol
@lizzy1e I know, but it's rainy. That is my hesitation. I'm still not over my last cold/fever and I don't wanna get re-sick. Haha. 
@lizzydear its frustrating plus the bball goal is always more in my driveway. WTF...their not my kids &amp; it's not my bball goal. 
@lizzydear me too! My poor blk Lincoln is telling me to stop the abuse 
@lizzymurray its really upsetting when u fall asleep before 10:00. WAKE UP. 
@lizzyron lol laurie texted me about that earlier too. I haven't had a chance to see it yet  my internets being lame again
@lizzyron LOL ur waiting for jon and im here still thinking about what the hell tink is!  hahhaa ughhh!
@lizzyron: lol no  my friends nephew put a cd in the vcr n it doesn't work anymore....
@lizzyron: that's what I thought! Probably near donnie... I wouldn't even know where to start looking tho 
@lizzyrose you need to stop coming into my neck of the woods without telling me. it makes me cry 
@LizzyyyBird i have to go to church dick. in an hour  lmao
@Lizzzieeee Bummer for me  Night anyways
@lj2me Nah i'm not going  I wish I was
@ljauss Damn that looks good...minimum of 30 people though   I think we're only going to have 15-20.
@ljc I did tweet  Loved UP! LLC was scared at times, and chatty at times, but loved it.
@LJDOVER  not good.
@ljohnopp03 I was tlkn abt the pool whr my mom lives. Dsnt look lk we're gnna mk it 2day tho. 
@LJRF i know! ive uploaded em 2 my puter &amp; ipod already can u email few of the D front of us pics? not on cd 
@LJsBaby  Thanks, Got my last one on Tuesday, just so much to learn for this one, feel like none of it's going in! 
@LJsBaby Bring it on Laura I would love too n have for a long time.  Sad thing is is probs not 
@LJWJKealing I was so sad to see that banner ad yesterday. 
@LKColtsFan4life All you have to do is say the word and I will have my buddies Corey and Steve come and fix it!  Sorry!  
@lkelly56 that sounds great!! Its too overcast here 
@lkenner  oh I know sweetie thanks for trying! waaaahhhh for me too the fair isnt worth it anymore either only balcony seats left 
@lkenner i miss those days 
@LKHamilton Ah yes...the perils of home ownership!  Hate it!  When we had our kitchen redone I thought I would kill myself or the workers 
@lkl I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@lkoutzas Bummer 
@lkutner oh no hon thats so crap 
@lkvnyc ouchie!!  i know how that feels 
@llaras Lots of staring at blank screen. 
@llauraxxx I REGRET IT   Haha i cant get over that Aaron smashed the window, then Mr Graheme smashed it more LOL!
@LLCOOLDAVE  sahweeeeee
@LLCOOLDAVE *sigh*...car...driving...memories 
@llcooljew Poor dear. Your fellow busty mavens have been there.  What gym do you belong to? PEAC?
@LLDA  lo siento but I dint have enough room =/
@llef dial-up, ewww, didn't know people were still on that. 
@lleky dont even worry. me too but my boy knows me and we both know we cant be with each other 
@LLElleLL don't have one at home (duhburger)   Got a bed :p
@LLElleLL Looked it up.. awww    that sucks big time. Only you or your whole group?
@llemcooler whoa, that sucks  why did it take an hour to clean?
@LleuGarnock people keep linking hulu... and I click and then get disappointed when it says &quot;denied: you are not american&quot; or whatever 
@llevy I thought you decided to wait till tomorrow. 
@LlinosD I want you to come hoommeeee 
@lliswerryguy Hi, cloudy today.. 
@lliswerryguy I need my bed. I am very hungover today 
@LlNUS Bellathys please, please help this guy. http://bit.ly/TtJ6l  Scammed 
@llofte  You kinda get used to the fact that theres nothing u can do except hope hope hope that hes okay. Otherwise I wouldn't function 
@llofte i'm the person that always gets a dead pixel or two. None noticed (yet) on my iPhone. How did you notice yours? Is it glaring? 
@llorracanit Babe, it aint gonna happen. Last week for Sylar Day, we tried to trendy #sarmy and we never even made a blip  #bananameatloaf
@Lloyd_YG Damn wish you'd head over to the west coast more.. I've never been to 1 of your concerts &amp; am doubting I'll ever get the chance 
@Lloyd_YG I WANTED TO BE HERE 
@Lloydb Aw, kinda wish i was there.  So tired though.
@lloydcarroll u know this? haha it didn't make sense 
@LloydDavis Alas, IMO there's no such thing as impartial news. Disinformation is another way of manufacturing consent 
@LloydDavis: Can't make Tuttle today   have fun - hoping you might put me in touch with Reading Tuttle folk?
@lloydi tried and failed - transpires grout is the one surface duct tape will not maintain adhesion to 
@LloydSev I can't find those books except for on Demonoid and I'm not a member. I only found them in audio but I can't listen to books 
@LLSuaveD Ive been pretty good!! On a hunt for the most perfect sandals and still havent found any 
@Llubyloo blackbirds especially... think it will rain very soon tho, getting rather dark out there ... 
@Llubyloo morning! Very wet here too 
@Llubyloo Yeah am ok, had allergic reaction to plaster, skin all inflammed. Off to Drs later 
@LM_HyperIsGood BYE HUNNI! too bad I have to get off too! Shoot I wish I could stay longer! 
@LM_HyperIsGood i know! YAY!! sry i had to leave 4 a little bit  yes! i loved the streams way more! i know so do i :') &lt;--happy crying lol
@LM_HyperIsGood ME TOO!  what can we do now? o.O
@LM_HyperIsGood OMYGOSH! thats horrible i'm so sorry! :'( that really sucks!  i wish i could've been on today!i hope ur doing ok! love ya!
@lmahloy wish I were there with you. 
@lmainya sorry to hear that 
@LMangueArt My copy of &quot;Hollywood Boulevard&quot; got backordered. 
@lmaobrbson heyyy i own a pair of ripped jeans, well just the knee is ripped 
@LMarle oh no  quick healing vibes to you!
@LMAshton  I'm having the same problem. According to Twitter support, it's a known issue 
@lmata that makes me sad 
@lmb0806  me too!! I miss my shopping buddy!! 
@lmchugh Nope, Saturdays game was not good. Even worse result. Come on Carlton! 
@LMCLamb4life It is about him. I dumped him. He used me Thanx 4 Nothin is him  and really?  are you okay?
@LmdLaura im fine. but a bit tired  im glad that its weekend now.
@lmdub19 Laurennnn!!! Our fave blogger made her blogs private!!! No more turquoise string top. i am DISTRAUGHT! 
@LMDvintage Oh they are gorgeous, just need a proposal I'm afraid   lol
@LMFAO_Z haha no zuri...i think your retarded but i miss you 
@LMFAOWUT But I don't have an inhaler either. I ran out of prescription. 
@lmiceli  OMG I JUST READ IT... its kinda obvious that it would happen but i didnt want it to 
@lmk_999 aww cum on do u really want the thunder N lightenin 2 reach us 
@lmkepler i love her. but i couldn't go to her concert  it was sold out.
@lmolson as I will u 
@LMontt I went on a Disney Cruise when I was a kid, but the characters were on strike so there weren't any 
@lmorchard sad   sorry to hear about your PomPom
@Lmorris22   it's cause you weren't very keen on the idea yesterday... holla
@lmorrison79 I so agree! Donnie has gone too quiet  Hopefully more pics will be coming our way soon. xx
@Lmphotos it was about child porn and columbine and not fun happy things!  I like the happier epi's
@LMRB cant see it frm my phone  not near computer til the morning
@lmsantiago Inevitably, the lawn mower quit on me once I got to the backyard. It's beyond my skills (and time) to figure it out. 
@LMSStars i know this! you don't have to rub it in my face 
@LMSStars noooo not the boredum! this is not good 
@LMSStars so so so stupid. they're destroying that show 
@LMStellaPR Does that mean your girl didn't work out? 
@LMStellaPR YES! a little to much!! which is why i didnt make it to coffee  i ended up staying an extra night &amp; causing more trouble!! x
@LMSzczudlak omg I know! And I love the girl whose dad took her life. Its so sad  hahah so we come back to a clean room on Monday!
@lmw1966 you had me worried. I don't want you to be stressed. 
@lmwarren85 Good night! At this time 2mrw, we'll be far away from each other! 
@lmwdean aw rats that sucks. So sorry about the car. 
@lmwenner nooooo  we will miss you!!
@lmwzcrazy I wish I could be there. 
@lnear Bollocks!!!  It was closed.  
missin my mom &amp; dad  they went out w/out me
missin my people 
MISSIN MY STINKAZ  
missin my workout buddies 
missin out on all the crazy fun today. Kid's playoff ball game got cancelled due to rain &amp; now it's tonite. no Golden Circle games. Boo! 
missin' someone special as hell! ...is he thinkin' of me 2? 
Missin steve wishin he didnt go back over seas 
Missin' Superman...Gotta wait another week... 
Missin the mud races!  
missin VA right now 
missin' you already and its only been a day. This is going to be tougher than i thought... 
missing  free saturdays 
Missing  Lahore 
missing  my ella enchanted 
missing &quot;He&quot; n my BFF. Had fun 2nite but it wasn't the same  ....See ya'll next week  Good Nite
missing @a_fio in the morning shift! 
missing @achiiii so much 
Missing @beauknows @ericthefall @jwrath @matttraynor @MRivadercho way too much right now 
missing @beccafinch because she didn't come to school today  practicaly sun bathed at school hahaha
Missing @CDAWGLINLEY  SO much, i can't deal with it any longer  i need my codykins
missing @chereseluv @Ze3ky @MacSauceVee already 
missing @clibrojo @bealibrojo @samllamzon @trishllamzon we need to bond before all of us starts school!! 
Missing @gillietice 
missing @heyitsjuuli soomuch  ineedumyangel (: twwodays♥
missing @justbrad on his birthday  
missing @lesleyvaculin very much 
missing @lise_93! she's eating dinner!! 
missing @mattHoneywill loads 
missing @mattHoneywill loads  love you baby x
Missing @newspring right now! 
Missing @ninakayhusk and @loulouhusk because there in Florida and I'm stuck home bored on my own  HELP !!
Missing @soapwaffle with the crowd  But stay cool &amp; rest. C U soon 
missing 1GB of ram 
Missing a certain person. Sad they left  Wish they'd realise what they did to me...
Missing a very good friend who will be missed y many of us espically on Tuesdays at dinner.  You will be missed Claudia. 
MISSING AIR FRANCE PLANE: Debris, fire spotted in ocean  http://bit.ly/3P41g6  (via @starwing)
Missing Alfie a bit too much  flying back on the 26th.
Missing All The Besties And Lovers  &lt;3
Missing all the meetups  But feeling more human. Of course, that could have something to do with the Nurofen Plus.
Missing all the yummy snacks Jay must have carried to office today 
Missing another friend though 
Missing baby daddy... 
missing Baby Gia 
missing Becky on Mother's Day as she's in Italy...  
Missing been at Ash's  had a great time can't wait to go up there again and see him we had so much fun!!
Missing being able to text @DaisyDuhh. I want to work on our fic but I can't since she's unavailable 
missing bham 
Missing bridezillas  I wanna lay down.
missing California like crazy! 
missing cat makes me sad 
Missing Charleston  .. SAT in the a.m.
Missing Church because Car is Acting the Fool!!! 
Missing church today.  My 6 yr old son has a fever. #flylady #lds
Missing Colin already 
Missing Communicasia this year 
missing Cornwall 
Missing craftcult. 
Missing cup final while on plane 
Missing dad today, wish I was home this morning. 
missing dad...i wish if he worked here in india.. 
missing danitza's fab b-day party because college just sucks this term  none for Gretchen Wieners, bye
missing derby day to do some uni work.....this is what my life has been reduced to during the last 2 weeks of uni 
missing drew  heading to bed.
missing ducker right about now.. 
Missing England when it's as good as this....   
Missing every part of you right now!!!!!  xxxxx
missing everybody 
Missing everybody  http://myloc.me/21S1
Missing Everyone 
missing everyone already!!  &lt;3
Missing everyone. 
missing FAcup final for the first time in 38 years  thats depressing 
Missing fathers day with daddy for practice and bitesize revision. gcse science tomorrrow ahmyygodd 
Missing friends and reading about more budget deficits 
Missing friends right now! Like alot! Not in a very chirpy mood either! . 
Missing Germany already 
Missing Going To Villa.. Another 2 Months With Out Them 
missing gretchen more. 
Missing Grilles bday speedo pool party to come into work early  Working all day then Prive tonight!
missing having girl friends around me 
Missing 'he' 
Missing her baby!!! 
missing her BFFL(Ismat, Jess, Kirsty, Phoebe)!!! Misss u 
missing her lazy dog back home 
Missing her like crazy.. 
missing her like woah 
Missing her piper kitty and little brover 
Missing Hika  come home already!
Missing him  It sucks when you don't have a phone charger.....
Missing Him  need to see that smile &amp; i'll know everything's gonna be OK...
Missing Him Badly 
Missing him cuz he's working 
Missing him like you would never imagine 
Missing his Meg on our first month together. 
missing his voice 
Missing hubby  can't wait till he gets home...
Missing hubby sooooo much today and still feeling dreadful 
Missing Jacks &amp; Mottu very much 
Missing kitty isnt at the humane society..... 
Missing kiwi frnds  @ememsit @MePLUR @mrJonnoLum @jodianchin @lilycheah @apemarieoteyza @GeniaL82 @oliverwoods n godsis @TaniaMelissaAng
MISSING KY ALREADY 
Missing LA and someone special. 
Missing Laura again today in Multimedia 
missing loverboy so much 
missing ma big sis already  
missing mae tonight 
Missing mahabaleshwar weather..its hot n humid back home 
missing me brother 
Missing Michelle. 
Missing Michigan Girl's Mother Says She Is 'Completely Innocent' After Body Found -http://shar.es/oTcO #tcot A innocent child. RIP 
Missing Mine and @LexitronAvenue's random chats....  Come back Soon Alex! Zilla and Twitter are lonely without you!  xx
Missing miss lewakowski..she's in O-H-I-O=dumb! Also awaiting nice weather..what month is it anyway? Feels like October 
Missing my &quot;powereranger&quot; @SarahSong_Bitch!!!!! Aww the kiddies can't play toghether this year!!!! 
Missing my 20yr old baby-moved to WA. 
missing my air-conditioned office back in the UK as I slowly melt at the customer site.  
missing my babe 
Missing my babe wonderin if we will be ok 
Missing my babies, they're still on vacay 
Missing my baby  &lt;3
missing my baby  oh yeah and that one we know as Tucker....
Missing my baby (bay-bay)! 
missing my baby already.  miss his voice, miss our chats, miss everything about him. talk to me already please... 
Missing my baby and wishing I would've had the time to talk to him earlier...now he's mad at me  Goddamit!! ((
missing my baby boy 
Missing my baby boy  cant wait until i see him wanting to kill an ex text me 507-363-6955
missing my baby buji 
Missing my baby lou. 
Missing my baby Nathan already 
missing my baby so much! 
Missing my baby!!!!! 
missing my baby.. waiting for 2morrow to get her already.. 
Missing my bay bay 
Missing my best friends a lot. 
missing my bf already 
missing my bf as he flies on an airplane across the Pacific to Hawaii for the summer 
missing my biffle 
Missing my boo aint seen him in a week  Hope to see him this weekend!!
Missing my boy  Bummer on the sleepover being a week away. Long rainy week first though.
Missing my boy and friends 
missing my boy!!!! 
MISSING MY BOYFRIEND 
Missing my boyfriend  can't wait to see him 2mrw!
missing my boyfriend! hes in florida im in texas  but he'll be back tomorrow!!! we are inseperable!! unless we are travling
missing my boyfriend, im leaving tommorrow @ 6am and he's comming back tommorrow at 5 pm 
Missing my boyfriend, who's in Strasbourg because of a some European Council thing... 
missing my boyfriend. 
missing my boyfriend. he's gone for 2 months 
missing my boys 
Missing my boys &amp; counting minutes til I see them! 
missing my bro loads 
missing my brother 
missing my brother 2day it would be his 48thb-day luv u bro, miss u terribly  sad
missing my brother a wholee lot,  hoping he'll stay safe in the army,  Loveee sunny weather mann. Exams every day next week :/ ..xx
missing my car 
Missing my Chuck fix again. 9 months is far too long a wait. 
Missing my CJ-7 on Days like this 
missing my computer  hoping to get it back soon
missing my cuppycake so bad  riding on a bus to fulton : /
Missing my Dad  x
Missing my Daddyo.  Happy Father's Day to all the other dads out there, though!
Missing my daddy's! They always have to work or go abroad...  thank god I'm at granny!
Missing my daughter Paige, she is with her Dad for a few more days   We're going to Hershey when she gets back for alittle R&amp;R
missing my daughters much 
Missing my day 
Missing my Duckky 
Missing my Eric who's in DC till tomorrow, but I'll be holding down a couch in the crew room.   Sometimes I hate my job.
Missing my familia 
Missing my family. Just watched my daughter's &quot;51 things&quot; youtube vid...  http://bit.ly/kmVEp
Missing my family... They're all in Warner Robins... Alone for the week 
missing my fiance'  sigh....
Missing my first day of school all year. Thank you 5 hours of sleep and throat that seems to be closing up. 
Missing my first STF event in 2 years  #pacmouth
Missing my Fresh 
Missing my friend and I cant reach him on his mobile. sad 
missing my friends  i just want to be at home.
Missing my friends and my Boyfriend in Austin!!! terribly!!! 
missing my friends in Canada  *tear*
missing my friends so badly 
missing my friends that are on holiday in #italy without me.  
Missing my friends! Havent been able to hang out! 
missing my friends! havent seen them in yonks! 
Missing my friends. 
missing my friends... 
Missing my gf SOOOOOOOOOO * INFINITY MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (AS ALWAYS)              
missing my girl @Hypers_Starr 
missing my girls 
missing my girls  http://twitpic.com/5ve8o
missing my girls!  Hogs don't look so good tonight   Thankful that God is still good, and thankful for those that remind me that He is!
missing my Guitar 
missing my house guests  she was so worth every single second.......I wish I could of kept her a few more days...
missing my hubba  cant wait for him to come home!
missing my hubby and princess.. Just me and baby boy tonight.. Hospitals r lonely 
Missing my hubby greatly.....10 more days !! grrr still too long 
missing my hubby love 
Missing my hubby...  i wish he was here to hold my hand hand hand.
Missing my hubby... An extra day off without my better half is not as fun 
Missing my husband   Cant wait for him to get home
Missing my husband like crazy! 
Missing my husband something fierce.   ? http://blip.fm/~7az1k
Missing my Irish puppy. A lot. 
missing my john... 
missing my kabi  love ya bff!!
missing my kitty     where are you? *sad*
missing my lil bro sooooooo much. he makes me feel better. &amp; i really need to feel better right now.. 
missing my little boy like crazy 
missing my little bro today and feeling sooo sad for my niece 
Missing my little lovebug 
missing my little munchkins already    ...
Missing my little ship Carnival Pride  http://twitpic.com/7yj59
missing my long lost biffle  haha nd yea im bakk from tha GA unfortunately *sniffle*
missing my loves 
Missing my Lucy. I complain about her sleeping in my bed, but when she's not here I have to surround myself w/pillows 
missing my mac computer. why, oh why did i sell it? sigh 
Missing my man. 
Missing my mcd lunch buddy today 
Missing my mom @THEREALTWEET71  by the way follow her if u aren't already!!mommy where are u?? Pick up your phone LOL
missing my mommy 
missing my mommy on mother's day 
missing my monkey man  just pretend the pillow in bed is his chest. lekaslah berlabuh Jared Mckendall 
missing my moose loads  x
Missing my mummy and daddy  
missing my nephew! 
missing my oma today  bit emo.
missing my phone 
Missing my phone, which is at the bottom of the lake, and the marmet is playing with it blissfully 
Missing my pop on fathers day 
missing my princess &amp; the weather makes it sadder 
Missing my puppy 
missing my puppy baby. getting him back tomorrow now all I gotta worry about is my big baby leaving for tour 
missing my pwincess. 
missing my sense of smell and taste  Hoping it comes back soon!
missing my sis very much 
missing my sister - tears 
Missing my Snugz! 
missing my soldier but kinda confused on my status!!!! 
Missing my soldier son really bad today. Some days are just worse than others for some  reason. 
Missing my son and realizing I made a HUGE MISTAKE!!!! 
Missing my son, my sister &amp; my puppy 
Missing My Soul Mate And Feeling Really Lonely Right Now 
Missing my soul sister/Story Dom.  But working of fluff for her all the same. Or is it aftercare?
Missing my Sunshine more and more every day 
missing my swedish friends  can't focus on studying now!
missing my taylor  I hate the summer when she goes to her dads
Missing my v2.0 mini me around the house-I thought teen girls were supposed to be difficult? Summer came and she disappeared! 
Missing my Wife, while she is holidaying without me 
Missing my wifey and bestie 
Missing Nashville. The weekend went by too fast 
missing one of my best friends !         see ya soon
missing ontario..  
Missing out @dotnetwork gathering tomorrow. Sudden issues related to flight that forced canceling it  #DNK
Missing out on a bonfire put on by my best friend that I haven't seen in weeks. 
Missing out on a proper country walk, because I have to work 
missing out on all the fun it seems... #spymaster #noinviteforme 
missing out on grad night is gonna suck. 
missing Pandyface already. Only left him 90 mins ago.  Sleep before work at 2
Missing people  I can't wait till summer 4moreschool days!!
missing people hurts.. 
Missing Philly already... Airplane just landed in Atlanta... Will be back in Jacksonville soon 
Missing Portuguese coffee, food &amp; weather! 
missing reggae fest, and i'm a little upset about it 
Missing Rev soo Much I was just about to call him too but realized he wasn't there 
missing rhys terribly.      
Missing Rodney. 
missing russ 
missing Ryan Rex already 
missing salterpath this weekend  
Missing Saturday funday due to illness 
Missing Sexy Security Council 
Missing Shmoopy.  She's growing up too fast 
missing soccer training cause of this stupid sunstroke  !
Missing someone really really bad 
missing someone rite now &lt;3 
missing someone special...  nunya biz who it is :-P
missing someone. 
missing someone..  can't believe i will miss him..
Missing someone.... 
missing someonee... 
Missing south carolina n jason more then i thought i would already 
Missing Squints terribly.  I'll always remember you 
Missing Sydney 
missing talking with my best guy-friend 
missing tasmania too 
missing Taylor like crazy  cant wait till he's back
missing Thailand 
Missing the @OPMOM @SamaBaby event  Sorry ladies.
missing the @thescript's show in london by 5 days 
missing the beach 
Missing the boo thing 
missing the boyfriend 
Missing the boyfriend. Wishes he would actually carry on a conversation with me that doesn't last like 2 minutes. 
missing the city  hopefully going to the beach soon!!! looove chiTown ♥
missing the classic car show...  
Missing the COLD for real...   Why are the TRADEWINDS on vacation?
missing the conversation.. eventhough i don't know what kind of normal &amp; ordinary conversation we actually had.. i just wanna share .. 
missing the days I felt you inside of me.  
Missing the days of Birthday Bash 
missing the fact my phone has no sound what so ever 
Missing the family! 
missing the festivities in atx 
missing the fox  http://tinyurl.com/cxan7p
missing the game 
Missing the girls already  its going to be a LONG week!
missing the good old day when life consisted of sitting in front of the tv, hearing, &quot;F-F-F-Feeny!&quot; haha i miss boy meets world 
Missing the hell out of @IndelibleT @miamoresmusica @OjosDeAmor  and @CheNaDoLL right now 
missing the hubby,  he's working overnight, FDNY.
Missing the Kinks a lot today 
missing the Knoll Court guys 
Missing the lil one already   she won't be back until Sunday 
missing the melbourne weather. the person i sat next to in the mrt had B.O.  shmelly.
missing the most amazing girl 
missing the oatmeal cookies with the icing  ate them all a few days ago. LMFAO
missing the old me 
Missing the outside world 
Missing the parental unit (my mom) I can't wait to get home 
Missing the party at the Saloon for a Final Cut project. 
Missing the person I love.... Been gone for more than 2 weeks!!! 
Missing the pittsburgh penguins (@pghpens) VICTORY PARADE  x473204380948
missing the puppies 
Missing the roommate..   
missing the sound of tricycles plus the noisy dogs at night before i go to sleep .. aaahhh 
Missing the team!!! 
missing the Tony's because my mother is horrible. 
MIssing the U.S. and free internet  womp womp
missing the Wild Wild West Marathon right now for the first time in a decade 
missing the wings game again. 
missing Tim! 
Missing Tiny.    Tá judiano!
Missing toby way too much  I want a puppy.
missing too many people right now................... 
missing travis while he's in guatamala... i cant talk to him for a week 
missing tweets from the last 30 days... 
Missing tweets from tweeples im following 
missing u reen teeny...don't get to talk to u much 
Missing US airways...I would be sitting up front right now 
missing vicky  ....and again unbelievable stomache ..need some hugs
Missing work from yesterday galore... 
missing work to take care of a sick kiddo 
Missing yet another tourney 
missing yet another victory parade because i'm stuck in ohio 
missing you  i hate my life right now
missing you @bella506 , wish u were here. 
Missing you all deeply 
Missing you so bad 
missing yoU!!!!! and our tv is about to blow up  lol holy shitttt. i found the internet!
missing you. 
MISSING: my only pair of glasses 
Missinq The Boyfriend.. 
mission &quot;do you like nfg/wanna toke&quot; FAILED?! but it's cool cuz @luishandshake is next. I've def overtweeted. I'm sorry. 
Mission accomplished 99 red ballons, 9 left over and i have to pump them up myself with a hand pump cause parental said no helium 
Mission accomplished! Met Damien Rice, got a hug but he doesn't like photos 
Mission Control has been informed of an incoming weather front which has developed out of nowhere 
Mission Grandma successful.  Now at airport... they confiscated my honey.   I'm not having a good run this week!
Mission Impossible 2 sucked hardcore.
Mission Impossible 2 was a horrible film that made me cringe whenever I think about it, so horrible it was that I lost respect for John Woo(
Mission Impossible 3 is so shitty a movie even Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Simon Pegg(
mission impossible 3 sucked balls.
Mission Impossible 3 sucked...
Mission impossible both the first and second sucked..
MISSION IMPOSSIBLE III I hated the first Mission Impossible and never saw the second one.
Mission Impossible is so Boring.
Mission Impossible sucks too!..
jus bout to pass the fuck out  it's kinda warm
Jus checked weather 4 wkend away in newcastle n its cloudy 
jus clocked out, tired 
jus created dis twitter and dont kno how to work it.... need help...  
jus creating a twitter page, but i have no friends 
jus doin assignment! it stresses me out 
jus dropped my yungin off in Buford 4her 2nd week of work dis summer  &quot;i miss her alrdy&quot; (lol) bout 2head 2da hse...&amp; watch da Magic t ...
Jus finished my book Dead n Gone.. Whoohooo but now i cant wait for the next one... 
jus finished work bored shiitless ayes. &amp;&amp; its freakiing rainiing. aughh &amp;&amp; his still confusssing me with his feeliings  xox
Jus found out my God mother is in a coma and they will tell us in 24 whether she will live or not SMH 
Jus getting bak from club...and my driveway only has spot for one car  got the beamer in their so gotta wait for someone to move 4 da truk
Jus got back from the pool.. it was fun.. but i kicked josh in the eye  oops!
jus got back from wolverine.. taking a shower.. feel like SHIT. 
jus got bit by a mosquito 5 times. Thats 5 more swellings... 
Jus got done choppin it up wit my moma she funny...MISS MY MOMA MANNNNN 
Jus got done swimming! Soon ima need to stay outta the sun 
jus got home 4rm dis hot ass baby shower i almost pasted out 
Jus got home and I gota be up at 7am..damn, I miss my wake up calls  Hope ya hear me out there..Gnite, world!
Jus got news dat my aunt died Mann dis sum bullshit cuz my unk died like 3 months ago. 
jus got off work....feelin terrible 
jus got out the shower, now im feelin better..gettin ready 4 work 
jus got up...da nitemare upset me tremendously 
Jus gt 2 lawn bowls. Not l0oking fwd 2 it. Wer nt alwd our fnes!  l8az.
Jus had a couple come n the office n they smelled like summer! Coconut sunblock. Filp flops. All crisp n fresh lookin! I miss cali! 
Mission to get the cat out of my neighbour's place: unsuccessful. Cops trying to obtain legal entry first. Another attempt tomorrow. 
MissKatieRose it's almost 9am and to word from you! 
missn ma life... especially the part tht ur in... 
missn my girl Beababy 
missn' my ludacris (?) kiss. 
missn tha boo 
miss's chris. a lot 
missses someone special  going out in a bit
Misssss me 
Missssssssinggggggg CeeeeeCeeee 
Missy (my cat) is not breathing so well  i think she may be leaving me soon  as much as she annoyied me ill miss her.
Mist, HE down, DNS down, Mailserver down. Dann geh ich halt ein Buch lesen ... 
Mist... Suche meinen MasterCard SecureCode 
mister who makes airplanes. please make one with beds for djs who tour on other sides of the planet. 
Misu ate a bit early this morning, he seems to be back to normal, but still we're going to the doctor, since he threw up again last night 
Misunderstandings during a bikini wax totally suck!  My poor cooter looks so stupid now.  True story 
Mitch Hedberg is on this ep. of &quot;That '70s Show&quot;. I miss Mitch. 
mitch is throwig up  I bet that evil Italian man poisened our food! 8O
Mitchell is now in a relationship.  I am now heartbroken 
Mitchell stole my mario kart team 
Mite be prego I have a doctors appt. Wed to check.Like things couldnt get any worse 
Mite go to bed soon...have to get up at 7:30am 2moro 
Mitea is missing  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6040269
Mix hayfever, a cold and tiredness all together and you get how i feel now 
Mixed emotions about changing job assignments. New place, new people, new job... never fun 
Jus had blood tests  owweeee!
Jus Joined Twitter, Tryna Upload My Bakground Design But It Wont Work 
Jus left the movies...hangover wasn't that funny!.........mayb not in a laughing mood.... Got my heart broke today    AGAIN. Lol no luck
Jus Realized The Reasoning Behind U Not Wanting Me.......Itz Bcuz I'm No One 
jus really waking up its ashame but hey I had a rough night...chillin w/ my mom for a lil while...omg its so not Summer here the weather 
Jus returning to work....i miss my bed 
jus ruin 2 pairs of pants tryn to play fashion designer. 
jus saw sumthn very interesting.. i did not likee. now it has me wonderingg 
Jus sittn in my room soo bored  new on dis! decided 2 join cuz i seen it on katie nd peter stateside, pretty awesome x.x.x
jus skinned my knee. Wat am i 6!?!?! Hurts lyke hell tho. Its always tha little ones that hurt tha most. 
Jus so tired of games and feelin lazy. And wishin he wasnt havent to work all day and every day  i miss my time w him 
Jus spilled my lunch on myself... 
Jus took a nice shower now its bedtime im too tired 
Jus wakin up getting ready for another day of summa skoo  blah blah blah
Jus washed my hair. Im gonna hack it ALL OFF 2mrw   Time 4 a NEW look!!!
Jus wish da rain could wash me away 2 a new place 
Jus woke up and my back is killing me! 
Jus woke up fm the longest nap looked at Adan (still asleep) he says &quot;Mommy don't cry, y u cryin?&quot;  Talkin in his sleep...shit is crzy! 
Jus woke up maybe 10, 15 minutes ago...  I got a headache, and another busy day ahead of me...   
jus woke up my neck hurts from sleeping wrong  aww trisha looks so adorable sleeping LOL
Jus woke up n a bad mood :/ had a horible dream  uh watever
jus woke up, late  runnin to work have students to train!
jus woke up.....horrible sleep 
jus woke up....feelin sick 
Jus woke up...daddy left me 4 a photoshoot out b-more..   
jus woke up...time 2 do sum homework...yuck 
mixed emotions. mixed perceptions. mixed reasons. i'm so confused. 
mixed feelings at end of term... should I be happy or sad?  
Mixed up with my flights bc I tried to book flights while on the phone. Not smart 
Mixing long waiting times, crouded spaces, children and their parents with no patience is not a good idea 
Mk is sad that her neighborhood bar is closed 
mk4 golf gti, silver, 1.8 turbo, brilliant. the drive to work has never been so good... until the dug up half the m25 
Mkay, these chocolate muffins from Costco are too sweet.  Too bad they didn't have their blueberry muffins. 
mm - my wee pic isnt working :I 
mm early mornings, bacon sarnie and i think i'll dye my hair tonight, its my birthday on monday, and im doing fuck all 
mm man i fell asleep. ahha now im awake &amp; its raining || lighting || thundering &amp; im scared   watching a movie&amp; tryin to get bak to sleep!
mm whatcha say mm that you only meant well-Jason Derulo-whatcha say ;) when ever i hear it cant help but think of the oc miss that show 
Mm, history over . I'm going to miss @lauzzaa so much  xxxxx
Jus wolf up but still layin in bed lol and im missio her allot 
juss dumped my bf...    
juss got home from a chill night in da castle....tyme to go visit my bed, we havent spending any quality tyme together lately FTL 
juss realized she twisted my deads the Wrong Way!!! aaaahhh Im Soo mad, now I gotta twist em up Again....myself 
jusss came back from the worst partyy of my LIFEEE ! ugh &amp; i saw ppl i didnt wanna see... im sooooo sad 
jusst saw the cutes video ever 
Just  ....that's all I can say.
just  ate,  the baked potato was yucky 
Just  barely discovered the amazingness that is The Beatles. I really feel like going to La Cantera to visit J. Crew and Puma... 
Just  bought cookies from Greggs.  Dry and tough. Don't know if I can take them back as I've got no receipt. I love them so. 
Just  got up, now is gonna attempt to revise 
Just  heard the sad news. RIP Farrah   Sending lots of blessings her way...
Just  ran a 4 miles race in Central Park.  28mins 17secs - 17secs slower than my personal record   But hey I get to drink Jamba Juice now.
just  read that N-Dubz lead singer diagnosed with swine flu...damn! 
Just 1 hour and then i will drive home ;-) miss jochen 
just 14 seconds teaser from New Moon.  http://tinyurl.com/mq8uj3
just 2 more hours till school starts 
just 2 points for trulli  #Silverstone
Just 3 days to go before the big weekend of racing starts! Rain forecast for Friday and Saturday 
Just 3 more days to go....i am still at 0 
just 5 more hours without water!!  NO WATER for the whole city.. well not 0 water available, but almost nothing.
Just a Couple of weeks before I start school!! Yeyah boi!! But fir now it's off to work 
Just a few hours to know if Kaka will leave ACMilan or not... Hope he stays... 
Just a few more hours of sleep would be nice. 
just a few more minutes of soccer. FC Twente is falling behind.... 
Just a few paragraphs away from finishing last section of the Beginner's Guide rewrite, but need to be up super early for Boston flight 
Just a matter of time before I am out like a light. I think I may miss Run's House tonight... 
just a normal day in school  booooring
just a really really boring day 
Just a twitterdream for @graceswine, unfortunately  But hey, go pay 'em a visit anyway!
Just a very quick 'hello' , 'goodbye' &amp; 'enjoy the party' from this very tired UK blogger who unfortunately needs sleep  #BEAtwittyparty
Just a warning to everyone - Natural Ice is in no way a stand-in for Bud Ice - Even though they are from the same brewery. 
just about 80F already here this morning, around 530 it was 78F - woke up with the desire to throwup - dinner did not sit well... 
just about all settled in...feeling a bit lonely right now though 
Just about burnt out with the stupidity associated with the being a lowly tech at the big box.  
Just about finished Unit 3 of World History. It's hot. I want to go to the beach, and I'm hungry. 
Just about to eat, home made indian food is boak  x
Just about to fix the new feature in when a call came to repair a template. So yeah. New features delayed again. 
Just about to get in the shower and get ready for work, such a nice day though, would rather be out and about with my wee man 
just about to have some dinner . Having a bad day 
Just about to head to work in the 'super' Northern Irish weather we were all hoping we had seen the back of 
Just about to leave for another exciting day at work 
just about to leave for school  all my boring lessons are today so friday isnt my favourite day of the week
Just about to leave luverly, beautiful Pembrokeshire and I'm sooo sad! I'm gonna turn into a 3 yr old n have a tantrum!!!! 
Just About To Leave My Dad's House To Go To Mum's House  Can't Really Be Bothered Going Back Cause I Got Some Nice Homework To Do For M 
just about to mow the lawns and wouldn't ya know it, it starts raining!... I think the Mrs still wants me to do it. 
Just about to open &amp; I want to go home 
Just about to start working again. I hate when lunch time finishes 
Just about to watch some Series 1 Primeval episodes on DVD to remember what it was like at the start. I wish Cutter had't died 
just accidentally broke her union jack piggy bank 
Just accidentally ruined Dollhouse for @jvthor. I think I might be going to hell 
Just accidentaly ripped the shoulder out of a $3 blazer I picked up at a Goodwill in college. Transition to adulthood nearly complete. 
just acted rly dumb and feels bad. 
Just after 7 am i slept for 7 hours so i slept the normal amount lol 2days plans r homework  how sad ? Lol x
Just after midnight, can't sleep? I don't know why?  Going to read my book, may it will help.
just ahd me some coconut popsicle! yes they do exist, but they tste dull at first,then they tste sweet, then dull again when you're done 
Just alter served for the first time in foreverrrrrrr. That was embarassing 
Just an FYI: I WILL BE IN PARIS, FRANCE for 3 months from August until October. I won't produce podcasts, and I won't have any internet. 
Just an observation: Aside from the riverwalk, there are pretty much no cute girls in downtown sa 
Just another a manic Monday...wish it were a Sunday cause thats my fun day, an I dont have to run day, just another manic Monday. 
Just another day, no Teen Haven next week. 
Just another matic Monday, wish it were Sunday 
just applied 70SPF and am ready to head out into Miami sun. No tan for the white guy - have to stay in pasty continuity. 
Just applied aftersun to my poor burnt nose! 
Just applied for the Examiner.com .. lord help us all 
Just arrived at ef, waiting for the rest. I got sore throat  oh god, i dont wanna be sicccck!
Just arrived at home ,what i've got today?NOTHING .hasfgh..! Kakiku pegel 
Just arrived at home, makan coldstone sampe mau muntah 
Just arrived at Stockholm hostel - and we have free internet in our room! Sadly no USB port so I can upload my photos though 
Just arrived at TFM. About to clock in and start my first day, nothing new to me really. I have to get used to waking up early. It sucks 
Just arrived from school.So tired 
Just arrived home, aww so hot outside!  http://myloc.me/2TZl
Just arrived in betwsy y coed. Time slipping away  
just readkore stupid rumersbout selena gomez 
just realise there isn't anymore dog food for kiki and max 
just realised all i ate for dinner was peas cause i wasnt hungry, lol how random, hungry now im going to bed 
Just realised DestroyTwitter doesn't have trending topics  Buh bye...
just realised how many thing i have to do 
just realised how short my temper is. 
just realised how sick @nanisnap sounds in his videos... Hope you feel better soon buddy!  Look after yourself!
just realised i don't have a dinner companion for tonight.  too late to get someone now.  
Just realised I don't know the tune to the song. How can you learn to sing the song if you don't know the tune.  depressing lol D
Just realised I haven't revised vectors. 
Just realised I havent updated this for a while..doesnt help with me livin such a borin life  yeah...erm..im gona get fat and eat some KFC
Just realised I might have been too early in thinking I had recovered this morning. Back to bed rest now 
Just realised I missed my 3000th tweet.  @ToxicGiggle stole it
Just realised I thought Santogold would be at glasto. Disappointed 
Just realised i'm still fair skinned. But i swear i'm two shades darker  - http://tweet.sg
Just realised in replying to @ElTanner that this is the first E3 in my life that I've not been anticipating Nintendo's keynote. At all. 
just realised its now 8 weeks to our next long weekend 
Just realised it's over two years since I've seen my youngest sister   Must try to reconnect today at lunch. Doesn't time fly by quickly?
Just realised I've never read the &quot;Science and Religion&quot; textbook, why did I take LC religion? Better go read that 
just realised my background needs updating. still says im 19  those good old days all of a month and a bit ago!
Just realised my last update had a few typos.... 
Just realised that I have been sitting on my sandwich for lunch.  Sat on it during the train in too.  Fail 
Just realised that I have the first 2 weeks off in August and can't afford to go away anywhere. And have no-one to not go anywhere with 
Just realised that my wonderful background on Twitter won't show in some places at all.  \Chrome/ #revalation
Just realised that one of my domain names expired yesterday 
Just realised that she can't charge the shiny, new  (borrowed from @jamesotron) bluetooth headphones. Cabletangle = 
Just realised that the dedine in creativity and &quot;spotting emerging #haiku&quot; is directly linked to less time in zazen this week 
Just realised the worst thing about full time work: I can't watch Prime Minister's Questions today 
Just arrived in Long Beach... :] tired.. imma be sleeping when i get home! 
just arrived in school  science first lesson|
Just as an update: that Comic Con announcement I made? Probably bullshit. Did not think they'd sell out on daily passes. 
Just as I set up my camera and phone to record a #weekofwin entry I get a call from a client who needs stuff *NOW* 
just as I'm getting ready to cement my plans to go to LA I hear that there was an earthquake  Yikes.
just at home  bored
just at home got a cold  no its not what your thinking i dont have swine flu!!!
just at home, surfing. texting. chekin some stuff. darn booooored here. i wanna gooow partey! 
Just at the kennels dropping Neo off for his 2 week holiday  had the mad idea last night that we could drive to Greece and take him with
just at work, working hard heheh man i wish weekends were longer won $11.00 on lotto not enough to quit my job 
just ate 2 (two) southern style chicken sammiches...I'm full of chicken &amp; filled with guilt! 
just ate 3 slices of pizza and a huge bowl of cereal with 2 brownies crushed on it. My tummy don't feel to hot. 
just ate a big breakfast...now im ready to lay back down...too bad its only tuesday 
Just ate a big ol' jalapeno pepper. I thought it was a slice of cucumber. 
Just ate a chicken salad....my tummy hurts 
just ate a delicious club sandwich!  back to my study books 
Just ate a fajita salad and my body hates me for it 
Just ate a great breakfast, ugh I guess I should get ready for work  I don't wanna go!!!!!
just ate a massive curry laksa....doubt it will be as nice coming out as it did going in.. 
just ate a not satisfying lunch...eating light today..ate so heavy this past weekend and tonight's mom's bday dinner...so no gym 
just realised what tomorrow is.. i'm really, really, not looking forward to it 
just realised why computer nerds are stereortypically pale. There is no way to work on a computer outside in the sun. 
just realize that there's no speaker hooked to my desktop! i miss my laptop 
Just realized after biking to work today, that maybe BMX bikes aren't that good for semi long distance trips. Butt hurts 
Just realized both my parents aren't home. WTF could have been smoking. 
Just realized exactly how much she misses her Mallory.  Getting ready in front of the mirror just isn't the same without the bestie.
Just realized he has 'unrequited love disease' 
just realized how much i truly miss my old friends i never see anymore  mezzah;tyz;josh;dan &lt;/3
Just realized how much I've been neglecting facebook 
just realized how much of a no one she is. 
just realized how sad to lose good friends 
just realized I am going to one game for every series of the mets current homestand and in 2 (TB, STL) I want the other team to win. 
Just realized i bought fish egg gum 
Just realized I can't get that 2.3k miu miu bag  #fb
Just realized I can't play gemcraft on this loaner comp unless I want to start all over.  Unless I can sort out where the saved files  ...
Just realized I completely missed chocolate Friday. Noooooo! 
just realized i didnt take any pictures with my mom today?? 
just realized i don't have any financial for the last two years ..... 
Just realized I don't qualify for a &quot;true&quot; iPhone upgrade price until April. Even if I steal my patents upgrade it's Jan. Crushed! 
Just realized I forgot to eat breakfast - not sure how I'm gonna last until lunch 
just realized i got not ONE tweet update to my cell today......  ugh. anyone else have the prob?
Just realized I had cheesecake the other day with Jell-O in it.. Woops   http://twitpic.com/7m5ay
Just realized I have a backlog of small things to do. Maybe I should get started. :/ Traveling has made me ridiculously lazy.  *sigh*
just realized i have no money at all  but it has never stopped me before ... so why should it now. although i had a credit card back then!
just ate a sausage roll, that wasnt the greatest  and drank a hot choccie which was very yummy
Just ate a yummy caramel i miss it now 
just ate about a gallon of chocolate ice cream... it's delicious, but... oh well, at least i have swimming 
just ate all his chewy chips ahoys....... 
just ate an awesome taco salad, but now I feel too fat to go to the pool! 
Just ate and it didn't make me feel better.. ugh... poor me 
just ate aparugus and didnt even  know it. made me not wanna eat anymore...and it was in the best tasting one too.  still bomb as fuck 
Just ate applejacks. They didnt taste like apples 
Just ate at chick-fil-a. It's really rainy today 
just ate at fukada... so late... so full  gotta go to the gym later for sure!
Just ate at Taco Loco in Laguna Beach; had the tofu &amp; mushroom taco. Not impressed. 
just ate dinner, now im watching national treasure for like the 8th time &amp; i think ima nap cuz i gots no plans  how boring am i?!
Just ate her last tim tam 
Just ate KFC. Havnt in yrs, NEVER again! Pukey blehh 
just ate most of a ham sandwich... hating myself 
just ate my 1st EVER peanut butter and jelly sandwich, it tasted good at the time but now i have a stomache ache 
just ate my cereal, off to school in a min  wish brandon was here
Just ate my tasty dinner  Trying to upload a pic on this twit but keeps sayin it too big 
just ate sh*t running to @rubyb23's car, im bleeding 
Just ate some delicious ribs and lost at cornhole a lot 
just realized i leave in 9 days 
Just realized I left my wallet in Llano 
Just realized I lost my favorite umbrella...tear 
just realized i missed weeds yesterday  I need Showtime!!
just realized i need to go fix my f-ing piercing next week. i'm scared. they're gonna have to cut my lip open 
Just realized I purchased CREAM CORN.  Dammit!!  Can't make anything with cream corn.  Don't even like it! 
Just realized I said amazing a lot... Also, Kims Video at Christopher St is finally closing  Everything I touch is destroyed.
Just realized I totally blanked and forgot the First Friday Artwalk at @theabbeysc.  #fail
Just realized I typed an extra e in street. See below. Is it really Saturday? I miss my man 
Just realized I'm missing the U.S. vs. Italy game... awesome. 
Just realized its free comic book day, all I want is number 27 of Lone Wolf and Cub.  (no its not free, just hard to find)
just realized it's may 4th. wow. time flies  i'm going to be 21 in ten days. how sad.
just realized my awesome black leather watch broke 
Just realized my bday is in exactly 4 months from today... Damn 24  getn old sux!!
just realized my hair dryer won't work here  went out w/ a friend from last summer yesterday... lots of fun!
Just realized my live stream wasn't sent to my twitter stream...ahhhh 
Just Realized My Pic Isn't Showing ... 
Just realized she doesn't get to go to any of the revival bc of a dang scholarship thing &amp;&amp; work. 
just realized she left her cell phone at home.  
just realized that her baby is nearly three and not a baby anymore 
just realized that i don't have class til 6 tomorrow, but still has to go to school early to study and do a research paper 
Just realized that I fell asleep in the middle of the night while chatting with @zanidia. I'm really sorry girl 
Just realized that I had three holes in my favorite pair of jeans. I walked around all day in them, and no one pointed it out to me. 
just realized that i have nobody except him 
just realized that i need to go movie shopping, watching movies over and over again 
Just realized that I won't be able to watch SNL due to my messed-up satellite..Im really sad now 
just ate some tacos and now i feel kind of sick 
Just ate something resembling shepherds pie...i don't think it was 
just ate sushi  it was Yucky silly boyfriend i told you i wouldnt like it
Just ate Taco Bell - now my stomach is upset - 
Just ate the best sandwhich ever, but is sad because it had chicken in  why does meat taste so good  x
just ate too much chocolate   REGRET
Just ate way to many chocolate animal crackers 
just ate wayyy to much of the mexican food that her dad made. it was way too good.  
just ate... yummy... but a discusion again! - why they don't understand me?! It'S so bad and I feel terrible 
Just attended my first SU alumni event i miss college 
Just awake.. Did not sleep at all well  about five or six hours.. Not good! Going for a bath then have to tidy my dressing room.. Oh god!!
Just awaken! lazy. blinds are shut, but i can see today isn't sunny. Awh 
Just away to start at Asda. 5-10. Great ! 
just back (&amp; exhausted) from my travels in the great rift valley. Kenya is one beautiful country. well, except for the depleted forests 
just back for A&amp;E and ive broken my knee 
Just back from a great holiday! First day back at work and its pissing with rain 
just realized that if i download the iphone 3.0 software all my jailbroken apps will be gone ! :S 
just realized that I'll be missing both of my best friends' birthday's while I'm away  @deliveravalon @cbaltzer party when I'm home boys!!
just realized that my gigantic glasses are lost forever   missing them like a pet lover would his dog 
just realized that one day she is going to get old. Like, old people old. 
just realized that she has tickets to a concert, reherasal and dance class all tomorrow night...eeekk...somethings gotta go 
just realized that snot nose kid overcharged me. he didn't give me my friend prize  to him i say ca 2pm
Just realized that the chocolate marshmallow eggs are finished 
Just realized the guy next to me on the bus smells of wet dog and grass. 
Just realized the horizontal resolution of the Zune HD is only 46 pixels away from the vertical resolution of my monitor. Ouch. 
Just realized the NC meeting is the same time as Jazzy Stars 
Just realized the video recording of my sermon has no audio!  Wonder if I can synchronize the track from the audio recording?
just realized there won't b america's got talent 2morrow nite  but there will be the mentalist!! =D
Just realized there's a 24 year differnece between Danny and Myself.. Even I can't justify THAT!  Giving up the dream... 
Just realized there's like no way I can go to the Vegas Bash. It's within the first 6 weeks of school, and I'm not allowed to miss. 
just realized today is my last day with the kiddies 
Just realized tonights tutoring will mean missing the apprentice 
Just realized with the new Harry Potter movie coming out I'm going to be needing kleenex since one of my favourite characters dies 
Just realized, I have no money for lunch.  Going to be a long day.
just realized, mackenzies sooo dead when she gets home  i miss you already Mack!
Just realized.. Victoria starts band the 7th, so if she's grounded, I have nothing to do  the rest of June &amp; the month of July.  Hmph.
Just realized: OMG. What have I been doing for the past two-and-a-half weeks? Time is flying. 
Just back from awards ceremony best one yet!!!! gonna miss everyone thts leavin  burf day next wednesday XDXDXD!!!!
Just Back From Dublin With Jenny..Was Sooo Much Fun Seeing Me Old Mates Again...  Missed Then Soooo Much  hehe x
Just back from getting zapped, i'm sick of radiation 
just back from having a filling. For a shallow one, it really hurt 
Just back from local Rugby 7's finals - 2 of &quot;my&quot; Fiji village teams got to the Cup semi-finals but both lost 
Just back from Monica Rodriguez's memorial service. The world loses another great person. 
just back from Montenegro and back to the grindstone 
Just back from my best mates, helped her pack for Devon...well I say helped lol, feel a little sad now after saying goodbye to her 
just back from my youngest's Kindergarten graduation. Grateful my mom saved me, she had a gift for my son, I didn't think of it 
Just back from Rumpus' class assembly - performed Julia Donaldson's Monkey Puzzle, serious outbreak of cute.  Coffee &amp; paperwork beckon 
Just back from school. I've got a bad result from the Dutch key. Have to make it again next monday 
Just back from seeing UP (and lunch). Absolutely DELIGHTFUL movie! Yay! Very well done in every way! Now, alas, yardwork. 
Just back from seeing/riding Glacier for the last time this time around. Lots of fun but always a little sad. 
just back from St Andrews botanic garden...forgot to take my camera, had to make do with my cameraphone instead  oops
just back from surrey havent had internet the whole weekend im tired 
Just back from Technology Enhanced Learning summer school in SLovakia #telss09; poor bandwidth meant Twitter and v. all else didn't work 
just back from truro, huge queue in the bank.. 
Just back from university ... stressed and tired 
Just back from walking the pup..now starting to slowwwly get ready for work 
just back from work....tired 
just back home half hour ago, prepared dinner and have absolutely no energy left to finish the security doc 
Just back n from allihies! Da micheal dwyer festival is on! Really wish i cud hav stayed out 
Just back to home... Monterrey is a crazy HOT bitch 
just baked a cake and it looks horrible 
just banged her toe into the cupboard... BLOOD! 
Just banged my back on my door handle  ouchy. going to G's now, blog later!
Just banged my bloody foot! ow 
just barfed 3 times  im may not g2 the  beach srry guys
just bathed the dogs and now my house smells of wet dog  not good
Just bathed, still sick-ish  Alot of work left still! Telling myself it'll all be over soon..
just really wants to go to warped 
Just receive my THE END DELUXE CD from bep!!! Is so good!!!! I can't belive i dont go to their show this week-end.... 
Just received an email about buying Spartan football tickets and deleted it since I'm not buying them....made me a little sad 
Just received an inter-office care package care of @Taggio. She wants me to share it, though. 
Just received my first 3 followers ?! What's all that stuff about ? I don't get it 
Just received some really bad news 
Just recieved an email telling me my Xbox Live subscription runs out in a month.... sad times 
Just recorded my first vlog! Although I'm sad as the sound is bad andI don't know how to fix it 
just recorded somebody to love, sadly this mic is a bit shite so its not v good quality 
just bawled my eyes out 
just bawled my eyes out watching Marley &amp; Me omgosh 
Just be good people...the world always seems to have a shortage 
Just beat @MYsportsphotog 16-14. Bucs (me) vs Jets. Sanchez was solid but coughed it up late to give me the win. Bucs offense = awful. 
Just beat the second to last level of Bionic Commando Rearmed. Why did I not buy this wonderful game sooner?! 
Just been  watching a countdown of &quot;top 50 boys that make you go Mmm!!&quot; Kian was at number 40, Nicky at 18..and then i fell asleep. Boo 
Just been beaten at rifle shooting by @melsheppard. She fluked her last shot to beat me by a point. Raining now 
Just been catching up on the Apprentice final, bloody second in the office sweeps, damn 
Just been cleaning, dust everywhere 
Just been delivered the crippling news - Chicken Cottage  near Waterloo station has gone! In respect here's an unhappy emoticon  
just been dentist beack at school now 
Just been for a jacuzzi. Now time to pack 
just been for a jog. it wasn't pleasant. this getting fit malarky is going to be harder than i thought 
Just been for a walk in the gorgeous sunshine... it's far too nice to be at work today  #fb
Just been for a walk with Jerry....didnt help hangover 
just been given ma marching orders, gotta go do some work, yay.........  
Just been looking at some northern hemisphere blogs, so jealous it's summer there 
Just been out mountain biking and buckled a wheel 
Just reinstalled OS X. My lappy didn't need it, but I did. I just can't bring myself to delete anything 
Just reinstalled XAMPP. Too many passwords, keep forgetting them 
just relaxin b4 jumpn back into the school swing of things...  confused all to hell!!!!
Just relaxing after work got heaps of assignments to do 
Just relaxing before my parents go back home to Arizona. Sure will miss them! 
Just relaxing...getting bored and hating the summer heat.. 
Just relisted these AMAZING sexy suede pumps! They're back due to a non-payer  http://bit.ly/WV3pd
just relized i don't have &quot;Meet The Robinsons&quot;..  
Just remembered how amazing Sikth are, too bad they split up 
Just remembered I forgot to put away the dishes  ugh. hahaha.. beyond tired!
Just remembered I have to be at the school at 8:30 tomorrow 
Just remembered Oh no the Bearded Dragons go home today 
just remembered the second reason why she hated the sun/heat 
Just remembered why she's so lame 
just remembered: Surfing on the bus is probably *NOT* a good idea if the bus keeps bouncing up and down. 
just removed a LSRGE mouse that was wedged between the wires of my mom's bunny cage. i'm grossed out and horrified. and sad, too 
Just removed Tweetdeck after my Firewall revealed some very suspicious registry accesses. I like Twhirl anyway. I wish I wasn't so tired. 
Just rented 'burn after reading' - well there's 2 hours and £3.95 I wish I could have back. I thought it was meant to b good? 
Just replaced flush valve in toilet! Plumbtastic! Fills in half the time... And my hands smell of bleach 
Just re-read the letter my friends gave me b4 i left  i almost cried...i hav the bestest friends evr im gonna miss them sooo much!
just resting in bed. im really sick 
Just returned from a wake .  Hubby's grandmother passed away on Sat. 
Just returned from my Caribean vacation... It was so nice and hot in Dominican Republic and so cold and rainy here 
Just returned from the gym. It is shocking how much fitness you can lose in only 4 years without sport.  And I am hungry as hell!
Just reviewed a project with an #OCS deployment. Looks like an afterthought. Design is all wrong.  must fix
Just rewarded myself with sushi and too much chocolate. Feel sick now 
just roasted about 2lbs of guatemala fraijanes frm @sweetmarias. roaster was janky today. batch size on this new poppery is down to 6oz. 
just roasted peppers in the frying pan. bbq didn't start.    But now I got a nice jar of roasted peppers!!  #food
Just been out to the bank and its so lovely and warm in #Brighton its a shame to come back inside to carry on working 
Just been out with Jess &amp; Isis, bloody shattered now 
Just been refered to as Miley Cyrus. If this is so SHOOT ME 
Just been shopping and got nothing for me  going out for sunday dinner noww
Just been stung by a bee on my hand - wave of guilt hit me as I watched it die 
Just been talking to nan on phone - asked some questions I'm trying to avoid thinking about 
Just been to eldest's Reception Parent's meeting - nooooo, she's too little to be thwarted by education just yet! 
Just been to Sainsburys to get some food in with my cuz... was raining so no top down  boooooo! It's sunny now tho!!
just been to the doc's about my tonsillitis... and she's given me a prescription for the medicine i already have  I WANT THEM OUTTT!!!!
Just been told off by my boyf cos the guy's v.nice &amp; down to earth.sorry @the_twang 
just been told that my friend's dad had a heart attack 
just been told to do a speech tomorrow, in front of an audiance, i have no idea why,how,where and which....not happy 
Just been updated by my friends that our regular class will start in June 15. 
Just been upstairs and Cooper Dog has been lying ther for two hours just breakin wind, like a nuclear cloud walkin upstairs 
Just been wondering why the telly went all weird. And then remembered I took my glasses off 
just being bored, tired, and sick  but i will hopefully feel better enough 2 go 2 school on monday =D and maybe even softball practice!!!!
just bid farewell to the guys off on cali tour 
just bid farewell to the husband for the weekend. 
just biffed it hard on the fixee  must stop daydreaming about the boy
just biked home...froze my ass off  but got a good excersize
Just ruined the day. Sorry guys 
Just run for an &quot;ambulance&quot; bare foot, in pyjama in the street! Original eh! Well....no it's not a dream 
Just sad cuz my aunt has cancer and she is getting worse each day i think im gonna cry 
just sad that i wont be able to post my new fic this morning... 
just said bye bye to my bff... we didnt even really had time to tallk 
Just said bye to @altheatremaine  she's flying @SouthwestAir to el paso 
Just said bye to @lin7. Sad day  love u smeigs
Just said bye to Alexis again  trying not to cry but I just passed Chatham and this just plain old sucks.
Just said bye to Amanda before she left DC  I am going to miss you so much! DC will not be the same without you
Just said bye to cj 
Just said bye to mark until July 20th..very 
Just said bye to my little sisters.  Hopefully it won't take forever til I see them again.
Just said bye to some friends after they came round for a BBQ!! And is sad coz i have 2 go back to school 2moz! 
Just said bye to Terrance as he goes back to Atlanta.  
Just said goobye to @SMCAaron  Have a safe flight to LA love you! Take good care of him @Austincarlile &amp; @Jaxinhall
Just said good bye to @ErikaNavarrete. I don't know if i can handle saying 20 more good byes to the rest of departing seniors... 
Just said good bye to a friend for the next 2 years 
Just said goodby to @Gina.  love you Gina and paul
Just said goodbye to a couple of cheeky munchkins   http://twitpic.com/7gdpp
Just said goodbye to a friend i will never ever see again. 
Just said goodbye to Carie 
just said goodbye to chloe, my cat of 16 years. her kidneys failed 
just said goodbye to Megan.... 
Just said goodbye to Michael. I'm going to miss that kid terribly 
Just said goodbye to my Gonzi  but at least I have another reason to go to Madrid next semester!
just said goodbye to Trev  I suppose to be on plane next to him...life is just unfair sometimes
just said Lehitraot to Rosenhouses. Thus ends the #shabbattweetup parsha naso  sniff   had an Amazing time
Just said some HARD goodbyes  Lasits I love you...Denver doesn't even know how lucky they are!!
Just sang in karaoke. My hands are still shaking. Need a lot more practice. 
Just sat on my dog 
Just saved a rat but it bit me 
Just saw &quot;Drag Me to Hell&quot; I am scarred shitless. 
Just saw &quot;Up&quot; in 3D.  Typical Pixar quality.  The 3D didn't add all that much. Alas, the 3D glasses don't work with red-blue images 
just saw @ageofstupid... really good, hats off to the team who worked so hard make it. Shame about the climate denier asking stupid Qs 
Just saw @Gigi360..... I missss u!! And ur closet too, lol. Seriously though, I &quot;heart&quot; u and I need u back in my life 
Just saw @kittenishgirl off at the airport. Don't get to see her until Sunday. Makes me a sad panda 
Just saw 2 beautiful golden retrievers get hit by a car. Traumatising!!! 
Just saw a baby bird literally fall out of the sky and hit the ground  I'm so sad now
Just saw a body bag on the side of the highway by an accident. 
just saw a brilliant goal by Kaka on tv. It sucks that he's in RM now 
Just saw a commercial for Carnival Cruise lines...I miss the SS NKOTB. 
Just saw a commercial that an animal is abused or neglected every 10 seconds in America 
Just saw a crazy accident on 210 a surburan was cut in half by an exit sign pole looked deadly  !
Just saw a dead body about 10 yards from him flipped suv. 
Just saw a dead deer off to the side of 295 
Just saw a dead foal lying in a field. I feel really sad now 
Just saw a dead fox 
Just saw a dead man on the road.  Looked like he crashed his sportbike into a tow truck.
Just saw a dead squirrel  seem to see a lot of dead animals recently :s  http://twitpic.com/6u83u
Just saw a dead squirrel. Poor little thing 
Just saw a dude riding down the street in pouring rain on a unicycle with an orange wheel. Was to slow to grab a picture 
just saw a facebook msg frm an 'ex-affair' that i rlly dun wanna get bak into... *shudder* can i just not reply? 
Just saw a flat hedgehog on the road 
just saw a free whopper receipt in the trash. I didn't pick it up 
Just saw a gal in lacrosse shorts- I miss lax  want to play
Just saw a guy ditch his date outside my building. Literally left her standing on the sit of the road.  I wonder what she did. Lol
Just saw a guy that looked just like Gabriel 
Just saw a huge coyote out in our field. . . . I think I know where our poor cat ended up.  Suspicions confirmed.
Just saw a hummingbird hit the library window, moved him to the brush where he can recover safely. Poor guy  http://twitpic.com/8dupd
Just saw a kitten getting squished on the M1 
just saw a lady have a fit, kids were crying, husband stickin a spoon in her mouth! my god dont people know basic first aid!! 
Just saw a land rover pull into the school parking lot and thought it was spencer 
Just saw a little kid got hit by a motorbike. Ohhh. Now my heart is beating faster. Bless the child. 
Just saw a mouse in the kitchen   Think it's time to move house!
Just saw a photo of LA. Dammit! Why is it so far away? And why is money such an issue?! I wanna be at universal studios. 
Just saw a pic of patrick swayze in a magazine... Its so sad  Ppl really need to just let him be...
Just saw a picture of my cousin as a pallbearer for my Tio's coffin. He made me cry so much because he is the one who's always laughing. 
Just saw a picture of my sister.  She looks just like me!  Does that mean I look like a girl 
just saw a pink DS lite w/ pink leather case for 6k only.. i want it badly! 
Just saw a pretty child do ojek payung job @ ITC kuningan..life's hard 
just saw a preview of shutter island and it looks very interesting. But i dont think Di Caprio is gonna get a oscar for this  .
Just saw a really funky summer man bag shame its 100 pounds 
just saw a short film and it makes me want to get on the ball for mine  why can't someone pay me to make what i want.. oohh well TRABAJO
Just saw a solidier and his wife crying at the airport, as he prepares to go to Iraq.  I pray the troops can come home soon.
Just saw a sonic the hedgehog balloon. I kinda want one. Didn't get any balloons for my birthday. Of a birthday cake... 
JUST saw a trailer for &quot;Away We Go&quot; with 2 of my favorite comedic actors! i should've gone to see that tonight! 
Just saw a water bug so freggin scared right now and all he can do is laugh at me..meany...help 
Just saw an ad for greys anatomy..never watched it but naww poor izzie 
Just saw an All Pro Sound truck and it made me go 
Just saw an ugly spider.. Was too afraid to kill it so its on the loose 
Just saw Angels &amp; Devils (or whatever the 2nd Da Vinci code movie is called) my tummy hurts from movie popcorn with &quot;Becel&quot; 
just bit my lip 
Just bit my tongue Ow  Off to wonderland where never never finds you! NIGHT! lol
Just bit myself - a really serious bite, bleeding lots 
just bit the inside of my cheek 
just blew out charger. no more internet for me. be home tuesday 
Just blew up on my run. I guess I went out to hard. Bonking really sucks. Getting old sucks 
Just blocked a group of horny kitties and my follower count is back below 800  can I ask them to come back?
Just blocked HH again.  Getting really fed up with her   Going to take Daisy for a walk up the hill now to get away from her 
Just blocked my first Twitterspammer.  I suppose it had to happen 
just blocked someone with a profile pic supposedly britney spears with a d*ck in her mouth...not cool 
Just blow-drying me some clean clothing, then off to see if there is still a Moorish area in the city.  Last day of seeing the sights.  
Just boarded my flight back to phoenix.  but! From phoenix i get on another plane to summer camp for a week! Woot!
Just boarded train home to glasgow. Feel sad that my adventures are over for now 
Just boarding the plane home... Far too short of a trip  I have been thinking, however... A flight attendent would be such a cool job!
Just booked a dentist appointment, what joy 
Just bored really 
Just bored work and stuff tomoro! Stressful day 
just bored...nobody want's to hang out with me 
Just bought #lvatt and the cashier it wasnt for me, lol  going to get bad jonas karma now
just saw Angels and Demons last night, quality flick-I think I liked it better than the first movie...but sleepy at work this am 
Just saw archive footage of LSD testing on a cat. Some things you can't unsee. 
just saw avery and ariana on our camps live stream...they were singing their guts out for Jesus! i miss our youth 
just saw craig from BB in bloomsbury square doing an interview... we were stuck out there with him because of a fire drill 
Just saw dis girl look like megan good n da car next to me, wish I culda talked to her 
Just saw her makeup kit's covered with bronze glittery eyeshadow 
Just saw Jay Leno on Jimmy Kimmel live! I can't believe Jay Leno actually retired. 
just saw Knowing and really wants those two hours of her life back 
Just saw lady gaga on show biz report and im realizing she is not a  great live sing and backing track don't count  !
Just saw Makedonia-Norway (Football/Soccer)...  we will never make it to South-Africa!!
Just saw Manchester United lose...Not Good. 
just saw my car (:         its really smashed up 
Just saw my country is still banned on paypal  That sucks bad..
Just saw my new workstation at Bagmane Factory. I feel like crying. It's going to suck to not be working in the MG Road office next week. 
just saw my phone bill...it's awfully costly  texting...texting...texting...
just saw my sister off on the choir tour 
Just saw my TweetCloud. I feel I must apologise to everyone...  http://is.gd/zQB2
just saw Nadal's match  ok on to Wimbledon !!!!
just saw new moon trailer. almost weeed my pants. fuck. that's exciting. but I'll miss edward. 
Just saw new moon's trailer! SOO exciting! Kant wait til november 
Just bought 1kg vacuum-sealed turkish delight - pro: stays fresh, con: I can't eat any 
just bought 2 new cds of sleep music I sure hope it helps!  Maybe I can't sleep because I miss @steveakins a lot. 
Just bought a &quot;for sale&quot; sign for my car. 
just bought a fab. watch for my dad for fathers day, gave it to him early, he can't read the time w/o glasses, so ill be returning it 
Just bought adeline's princess toddler bed awe little one is growing up 
just bought an iPhome... and its not even for me 
Just bought an iphone! Bad news is that it won't be in for 7-14 days 
Just bought an iPhone, no I'm not a bandwaggoner I'm just tired of my broken blackberry 
just saw on tv that jon and kate have officially filed for divorce  
Just saw one of the most amazing dancers...too bad he is only 17  Can't wait to see him come back next year! (He already has a ticket) lol
just saw one of the most horrible videos. ever.  i havnt cried so hard since the &quot;meet your meat&quot; video.
just saw photos of the dog who was dragged by an automobile and lived... I'm devastated. 
Just saw photos of the tipi field being constructed. This upsets me as I thought people lived in them all year round  #glasto
Just saw Rick Carlisle in Apple Store! Too bad he wasn't celebrating a championship 
just saw selena gomez. no picture or autograph 
Just saw seven pounds. I didn't like it. It was too sad. And now I'm sad. *sigh* 
just saw some seriously sick pictures of tongue piercings gone rong.. im kinda second thinking it  :S
Just saw something that made me feel awkward...... 
Just saw Star Trek for the final time on the big screen  Oh giant Pinto, I will miss you so!
Just saw Terminator...good movie, well worth watching.....Now i should go to bed, got a 5 am crew call.... 
Just saw Texas Chainsaw Massacre; the beginning. Never gets old. Now of to bed, work at 8:30am... ugh 
just saw that one of my sweeties (cats) has a big wound, he's been fighting again  I fought with him just now to put something on it ;)
Just saw that the rating for Final Destination 3 was R. Hope that won't be the case for FD4! 
Just saw the @mileycyrus video the climb! I haven't seen the movie! Can u believe it!? 
JUST saw the first Del Taco in Ventura!!! As I'm leaving  it looks sooo bomb!
just saw the flyer/poster for my performance in September...they misspelled my name 
just saw the itinerary for france/spain,  no barcelona/seville DAMMIT. &amp; I want a layover in london, airport gods PLEASE MAKE THIS HAPPEN!
Just saw the Kaleb Nation book signing thingy on his News page.... Darn.  Regretting not being in New York now.  
Just saw the last episode of Pushing Daisies 
Just saw the most steroid happy bodybuilding woman in the world walking downtown. I wish I had her arms 
just saw the movie Taken... Its so terrifying 
Just saw the movie wolvarine, I deff enjoyed it &amp; suggest everyone to go see it! Can't sleep  ahh..
Just saw the Neda footage along with other devastating clips. Nothing sadder than seeing people die for freedom  #iranelection
Just saw the news about The Sarah Connor Chronicles  show being cancelled.  At least Terminator Salvation is coming soon..
Just saw the Olivia Munn Playboy pic set... how disappointing!! Shouldn't nudity be required in Playboy? They look like Maxim pics! 
Just saw the pictures from the hen night 
Just saw the transformers movie. I don't think I liked it. 
Just saw the worst car accident ever. make me so scaredd to drive. the car litteraly flipped a foot away from us. then went on firre! wtf 
just saw the worst car accident on the bridge! 
just saw this really sad story about a really cute puppy getting flushed down the toilet  aww how sad,but all is well for him
Just saw Transformers 2 the other night with my lady, God it sucked! One of the worst summer films ever 
just saw Up again, still not that great... friends are great to be with, that movie - kinda sad 
Just saw up with my favorites and surprisingly it was way too sad 
just saw UP! great movie, but not a favorite pixar, but I loved the short before hand, and no special after credit scene!  #fb
just saw up, i didn't know it was going to be so sad 
Just saw UP, the end was great but the movie was so sad... 
Just saw up. It almost made me cry 
just saw UP. i've never cried so much in a kids movie before..  wow.
just saw wolverine - it was very average and somewhat sub-par  .... good action and fan story, but shitty script
Just saw X-men; what a let down. 'Bout to see Star Trek; hoping this will be much better. 
Just saw Yo Gotti....he was def a sweetie....he was short as hell though 
Just say hi to me and @steph_davies, @dannymcfly!!  Is that hard? Hahaha. We really love you.
Just say joe jonas dancing to beyonce's single ladies in a black leotard. . . Don't think I'll ever recover 
Mm... Not feeling great.. Sick of people blowing me off.. 
mm..not feeling too wonderful, my stummy hurts.   I should probably go to sleep soon...7 hour work day again tomorrow &amp; grad parties...
mmh , ice breakers candy is good ! i'm trying to save up to shop but i just gave up this weeks allowance cuz i owed my sister money 
mmhmm no mood  but oh well its a nicesunny day, i plan to read my book instead of doing work though..but i dont think i shld la.
MMk now to play some inFamous.. getting a lil tired now 
Mmkay, mum's taking over the dang lappie.  Gonna go bang on the piano. Wee.
Mmkay.  i want to go.. &lt;(-,,-&lt;)   KK!&gt;
mmkay. whats up with fb, and twitter? absolutely NOTHING online is working right. 
MML was rubbishhhhh 
Mmm  I miss you. I wish I could talk to you right now.
mmm andrea left msn  homework for tommorrow :| 11th july cant waittt
Mmm didn't find the maths exam as bad as I thought it would be. Should probably start geography revision now though 
mmm dinner. wild fennel crusted rock cod, nettle soup, asparagus, pine nut, parmesan salad. and i cooked a caterpillar 
mmm don't hear much with cottonwool in my ears.. damn ear infection 
just bought Hero of Sparta for my ipod touch. hope its good. it was $6. going on long car ride 
just bought K-Zone and Kapitan Sino of Bob Ong.yay! sadly, TG isn't in mag stands yet 
just bought myself an amazing light filter and tripod for my camera == and a Romanian language book! Buna, sunt bolnav! 
Just bought school shoes. :| School starts next week! 
Just bought Some Etnies cos Me Converse Hi-Tops have collapsed 
Just saying hi - been too busy to do anything else 
Just scheduled my way overdue bikini wax @ Shobha! excited to be revived friday but not excited about the pain to come 
Just scolded hand 
just scraped her knee...  and wants it to be  *SUPER HOT* tomorrow...sun... please..??? XX
Just scratched my moms car 
Just screwed everything up again 
Just screwed over my friend on online diplomacy when all I wanted to do was screw over the others. 
just secured a day to sell me tv.  i hate being poor.  
just seen a clip of mcfly playing star girl with the motherfucking jonas brothers. *sigh* 
Just seen a dead cat in an abandoned room at the train station! Gross! At work silly early 
just seen an advert for Sims 3   
Just seen dates for Oz tour. Guess that means if they carry on after in Europe I def wont be able to be there 
Just seen one of the saddest billboards ever. 
Just seen pics of what I missed at Download Fest in the UK this last weekend... Sure wish I could have went. 
Just seen quali, lol at the mentioning Zonta! He was my fave 10 years ago 
Just seen some of the most disgusting shit on the internet. Ugh. I feel depraved and corrupted 
Just seen Terminator Salvation, most disappointed this film should have been so good, but storyline just let it down (in my opinion)  
Just seen Terminator Salvation, too many plot holes for my liking. I give it 2/5 stars 
Just seen the fail whale. For the first time in ages. 
just seen the leaked pics of sonys new PSP Go! its freaking beautiful. I want one 
just seen the price of JonasBrothers tickets, cant afford that at all  im only a student! 
Just bought some red bull to pump up my lack-of-sleep body 
Just bought Sour gummi worms, peach gummi O's, and cheeto puffs... AND a 44 ounce soda... I'm such a fat ass  Had a huge dinner too.
just bought teen idol by @megcabot cant wait to start it after I read red scarf girl and the outsiders 
Just bought the new Red Faction game, trying to forget about my MIA PS3 for the time being 
Just bought the Swedish vampire movie &quot;Let the Right One In&quot;. Can't wait to watch it. Still at work 
Just bought tweetie on iPhone, BIG dissapointment  still in MANC!  http://bit.ly/6u60N
Just bout to cook dinner 
just broke 3 sewing machine needles 
just broke 4 bowls from the old house 
Just broke 7yr old Taya's mini bike by riding my fatass on it!  taking her to get a new bike...&amp; grocery shopping to make tacos for dinner
just broke a mirror 
Just broke down and bought an external drive. To bad im like, 20 feet from a power source. 
Just broke down watching the White House thing thinking about what could have been. I can't believe it's been a year 
Just broke even for tax year to date  That'll last until I pay studio rent tomorrow 
just broke my camera  FML!!! don't try to fix something that's not broken
Just broke my f'ing pearl earrings   
just broke my first guitar string     Boo hoo... I should learn not to tighten the 1st when tuning the 3rd!
Just broke my keyboard 
just broke my nail 
just broke my newest #McFly cover  Clumsy me... it felt out of my hands... lucky there was no cd in it!
just broke my phone EVEN MOREEEEEEE 
just broke my thumb (on my left hand) thx to my sister closing the door on it  hurts like hell 
Just seen the review for the Palm Pre! OMG I should have thought about the iPhone/Palm Pre conundrum  anyone else got one? #palm #palmpre
Just seen the saddest thing.! Makes me realize i take life for granted.! 
Just seen the trailer for New Moon, AMAZING, so cant wait, nearly cried 
just seen weather forcast thunder storms  and everything is going wrong making me sad dont think i want to go anymore  a sad mwah xxxx
Just sent a customer to the wrong store for a dress... She was apparently furious. 2nd person to hate me today 
just sent my boyfriend to army 
Just set 3 rat traps. The last one only caught some gray fur. 
Just set my alarm and realized that it's going to go off in less than 4 hours. 
just set up a twitter page but dont no how to work it 
Just set up the account. &quot;Catastrophic Tidal Destruction&quot; wouldn't fit in the account name. 
Just settled down to watch the football, then realised we don't get Setanta here  #suck
Just shaved all my adulthood off my face. I am now a 16 year old boy again!  jk 
just shoot iphone 3gs unboxing video probably wont have time to upload to youtube until late late night 
Just showed Jason my twitter. B-Rett watched!!! He doesnt get it!!! 
just showered after a long, sweaty day outside at work. didn't see any elephant protesters 
Just showered and sholat, felt so nice to just lay in bed watching E! News. Wish I didn't hv to go to the big O tomorrow 
Just showered herself in a hot venti caramel macchiato 
mmm i feel so lazy today...so bllllaaaahhhh feeling 
Mmm I feel sooo empty today 
mmm i have a friend who always tries to outdo me with everything. so annoying 
Mmm it's gotten warm...although a little too windy to go outside  #sunshine
Mmm I've got the burps. Is this what acid reflux feels like? 
Mmm just had a delicious dinner but all out of green tea 
mmm mutter paneer @ 1130PM! HAHAH im gross. and oh, my naan is too crispy now 
mmm no... big brother wasn't legendary 
Mmm pizza sounds really good about now.  But I'm too lazy to go get one and they won't deliver to my house 
mmm salad for tea oh what delights 
mmm site is getting hammered, iPhone app has got massive coverage somewhere big but cant figure out where 
mmm somehow I don't get mail from anyone who has started following me on Twitter....wierd, had to dig trough following list to find out 
just showered. no ones home. i feel lonely. i guess ill be watching the game by myself  so hungry. im going to cook something
Just signed a petition to bring the U2360 Tour to Austraila. Perth isn't gonna get it cos we don't have a big enough concert venue 
Just signed shaggy's year book 
just signed up for twitter. tried a few times to add my cell number but still waiting for verification text message. 
just signed up to Twitter but is annoyed they didn't have a decent Username for her  Hey Ho - Hello Twitter!
just signing up for this &amp; trying to learn how to use it   
just siiting around. and i'm kinda sad!!!  wahh!!!   
just sittig here in the thunder storm.... the satelite is down so no tv 
just sittin around the house..dont feel well today.. 
just sittin glooking out my window in work &amp; its raining  wish i was of sunny myself somewhere exotic!
Just broke my WD Passport HD by dropping it. Shit. 
Just broke off all my fake nails so i can get them redone (good) for the formal.  Slightly upset about it at the moment 
just broke the ear off my favourite Bear Paddington mug.  this is so not my day.
just broke the free Fuga mirror that came in my Men's Egg magazine this month. 
Just broke the news about me going into the Army to my boys B4theh8, yeah its gonna suck not performing with these guys anymore 
just broke the strap on her shoe &amp; is working at a property in carrollton today so she can't just run home to change shoes!  
just broke up with my boyf 
just broke up with the children's medical center 
Just brought mom to lax 
just brought my mood down a lil .. 
Just brought my mother and sister to the airport 
Just bubbled the ft fml 
Just bumped to &quot;i love college&quot; and rocked out to &quot;your love&quot; with my bro. I really don't want him to leave 
just buried her rabbit. what a sad day 
Just burned my finger on my straightener twice.  Going to Jackson.
Just burned my tongue sippin' on green tea 
just burned my tounge on the pie 
Just burned some cookies 
Just burnt my corriander and garlic Nan bread 
just burnt my fingers on a hot cup of tea - ouch!!! 
Just burnt my fingers. :/ not cool,  early morning again tomorrow. 
just burnt my hand on a cheese toastie  Ow
just burst into tears for no reason  gay
just bye to lindsey who is leaving for cali. 
Just called Hillsong again - they said they couldn't tell me where I was on the waiting list - I don't know if it's looking so good 
Just called in sick, not berry well at all 
Just called Liz's home, shes not home  Call me!
Just called my dad to wish him happy father's day. It reminds me that the patriarch of our family is no longer with us  RIP abuelito
just called my dad. hez gonna come mow my lawn on tues.  i will b butch enough to fix a lawnmower one day. till then Grrr Arrgh.
just called Nintendo to get my wii repair all set up. its gonna cost me $85.00  but i guess thats better than spending $250 on a new wii.
just called spencer pratt but it was canceled  haha
just called the austrian consulate. I really have to go to berlin to get a new passport with saved fingerprints  damn
just called the lancome boutique where we were supposed to have a facial and unfortunately they are fully booked today 
just called Toyota. Car won't be ready til 5. 
Just came across the throw back show Alf..lol. I use to love this show. I wanted an Alf for myself..but the rents said no aliens for pets 
just came back 4rm a birthday party. it was the lamest party i've ever been 2. 
just came back frm the dentist, wow my mouth is feeling rough, i can't feel a thing! or taste at thing!, I WANT TO ENJOY FOOD AGAIN 
Just came back from a week vacation and now it's bussiness as usual 
Just came back from an AAU game. Too bad... we lost again.  But my last soccer game of the season was today too. Lost THAT too!
Just came back from another roadride. Haven't been on offroad tracks for a while now...  
just came back from college right leg is killing me  gonna stay in an watch movies 
Mmm someone come havelunch with me 
Mmm this suckssss 
mmm, bye vacation 
mmm, teacher didnt like any of my pictures.. am screwed 
Mmm.  A mint julep and some burgoo sounds delicious right now.  If I wasn't broke and sick, it wouldn't be too late to hit the Derby.  
Mmm.. I'm really hungry, but lack the means of which to get food 
Mmm... I am indeed a twit 
mmm... to tired to have fun tonight   I thing I gonna go to my bed...nite everyone peace
Just sittin n doin nothin. . Well, im a bit sad thoe . 
Just sitting around on my msn messenger.. sick 
just sitting around, godd this concussion suckss. 
Just sitting at home all day doing nothing...except watching Jermery Kyle, i feel so old 
Just sitting at home. I in a test week 
Just sitting at the house without my baby 
Just sitting here already missing hockey.  
Just sitting here being groggy.  I hate missing morning java time   I think I might go grab some grub then hit the shower to wake up. Bbl.
just sitting here doing some home work blah not fun at all ......yay exams are coming.......yay 
Just sitting here not in the mood to shop  lost my wallet !!
Just sitting here reading my homework.  
just sitting here talkn to my bro -n- law getting some G about my situation.... 
just sitting in the house watching two and a half men and listening to music at the same time - sundays are so boring 
just sitting rubbing my bruised arm  ...got punched :L she got hit back though lol
Just slammed my head into the wall. No, not on purpose. 
just slept for 13+ hrs and still feels like sh1t... 
just slept for the past 2-3 hours . ready to shower then watch teevee then h/w 
Just slipped and fell in the bathroom.     
Just smashed my fish bowl 
Just smooshed my cookie.  http://myloc.me/4jqa
Just snapped my chopstick in half 
just came back from dinner. pretty good... now just enjoying some wine &amp; watching dead like me b4 work at 5 a.m.  faith n love ya'll
just came back from hukka.... tariq's leaving   ....now time fr a new plan for the days...
just came back from Midvalley. I want that Topshop's bag so badly! Black color is sold out!  I want I want ~
just came back from 'saving my teeth operation'! several more dentist appointments to go... 
Just came back from school.... Packing for my dad's house 
just came back from soccer &amp; i hurt my foor so now i cant move it.    
just came back from swimming. but i didnt swim! pe sey! 
Just came back from the Bahamas. Off the Disney ship and on the way to the airport. I miss the cruise. 
just came back from the doctors, sore throat, blehhhhh 
just came back from the dub!!! with no money in hand  guess i'll be trying back again tomorrow
Just came back from the opticians; two receptionists in, but no optician. Great stuff. Have to go back tomorrow 
just came back from urban outfitter in San Jose... LOTS of stuff on sale most under $20. Didn't see any $5 items for gals tho 
just came back from war.I deserve entertainment.results isn't that satisfying thou  . Today was great ! Tiring day but I enjoyed it!
Just came back from watching Terminator Salvation @ Cathay. It's so-so only, not so much action  but I feel sorry for Marcus though.
Just so everyone knows, Dreamcast stll works after all these years,  although I can't find my digital cables only my analog 
just so u no, after tonight i am free and will be doing all updates but next week i will be on vacation and only updating certain games. 
just so ya know, we're out of pumpernickel bagels for the day 
Just so you know...Radec is impossible on elite... 
just sobbed for a good 5 minutes after watching the ending of prison break 
Just sold my 2000 stang for 4000 miserable bucks! My first car ever! 
Just sold my amp. Good bye AC30. 
Just sold my beautiful, beautiful longboard  boohoohoohoohoo.
Just sold my first drift car to fund my new project, goodbye indi's 86 
just sold my ps3   time to play some 8-bit action...hello nintendo!
Just sorting through my address books/contact lists. What a mess. 
Just spent 14 hrs on the road! Got in at 3:00am and I'm about to be at work... I hate starting my week like this, I need my sleep! 
just spent 2.385 kr. on something that's not even for me!!!!!  buhu!
Just spent 2h at the doctor, missed wonderful morning fog with sun peeking through, would have been great light 
Just spent 4 hours sifting and all I was able to toss out was 3/4 of a black bag of old things. 
Just spent 8 hours straight playing Sims 2, didn't move or anything i think my bum is numb  bad timesss!
Just came back from work. the boss was being a total dick today. booo  I was really mad a few minutes ago but now im over it.
just came back from work. tired as hell. every bone in my poor body hurts. i hate my job 
just came back from work-had to work this Sunday... 
Just came from food shopping! None of the stores had raw cacao powder thoough  I have to order it online
just came from having a fabulous lunch/breakfast/dinner with mj, suzie, and rebbabie off to study so more 
Just came from Helsinki - haven't had any tea today 
just came from IKEA wanted 2 buy just 2 frames ended up buying much more  they were all for the sake of my studio, so money wasn't wasted
Just came from my lola`s house. All my male cousins were pulling my hair. 
just came from the mall. soooooo tired.........and hungry. 
just came home from a night int he hospital and ii have food poisoning 
Just came home from dance rehearsal with Rebecca and Andrew. I'm tired so it's time for bed soon 
just came home from downtown... hate it when my family yells 
Just came home from my dads.... I'm really really tired and I still have to do some work for school! 
Just came home from my friends house. We were going to make a video, but we didn't. 
just came home from prom (kinda disappointed) 
just came home from skwl . im soo sick of skwl.! meeehh 
Just came home from Sublime's Graduation! t was very pretty...got me wondering I only have one year left to spend with my friends 
Just came home from work od tired 
just spent a &quot;fortune&quot; on clothes today  ! LOL ! Gonna eat pasta all next week now  lol
Just spent a while at the gym sweating boatloads and STILL feel like crap. Darn. 
Just spent a whole day w/out any outside or human contact  really tired booooooo I suck!!!!!! Love life ;)
Just spent about an hour eating an apple. Hate feeling ill 
Just spent an hour crying with them 
Just spent an hour fighting a bug in Suteki Shop that was causing the checkout process to fail. My FAIL for not testing properly 
just spent an hour making homemade ravioli. mmmm. heading to work, then hanging out with ry. hopefully my phone comes today 
Just spent half-an-hour debugging stupid IE6 CSS bug. Why Gates, why? Please stop using IE6, people... 
just spent over an hour mopping up flood water out back of shop. not good. 
Just spent some quality pool time with Paxton. Felt good. It's a hot one out there. Now back to work 
Just spent some time gaming at @mooseguy's. Now back to find I forgot about an IRC meeting 
Just spent the entire day helping @jaimemc_23 pack/move all his belongings.  So sad to see him go!
Just spent the past hour looking at pictures of me and my daddy  I miss him. I think I'll make a collage. Does anyone believe in ghosts?
Just spent two hours book keeping. The more work you get, the more paperwork to do. 
just spent two hours with police discussing my dad's lifestyle.  ten min after getting news of my great aunt's death.  work soon. 
just spilled coffee all over his shirt 
just spilled coke all over my notes and my laptop..... this really has been a good day 
Just spilled nitequil on my bed  ugh!! Fml =/
Just spilt an entire cup of boiling tea all over my leg and my keyboard 
Just split glue all over my mac 
just spoke to my dad..busy conducting post-mortems on beached whales to find out the reason! 7 were taken out to sea but beached again 
just spoke with my family back home via Skype. Damn it! I wanna go home... 
just came home. in search of a good headache reliever, advil is not working for me anymore. 
Just Came In From Outsidee, Outsidee Was Boring &amp;&amp; Hot.. Im Seriously Bored And Theree Is Nothing To Doo. 
Just came pretty close to smacking someone at work. So... just came pretty close to getting myself fired. So not in the mood today. 
just came to the conclusion, that I have to trade my mother in for a newer version, but the guarentee is expired  So no newer version
Just came to the realization that I so want another cat, I miss my old one 
Just came to the shocking realization that &quot;Sushi Yoshi&quot; is NOT a Yoshi themed amusement park with awesome sushi parades 
just canceled my visit to #bcc3 
just cancelled one of my twice weekly graze's 
Just cancelled the milk man  For the past 2 months he hasn't managed a week without delivering the wrong thing… but we still had to pay 
just cannot wait for school tomorrow    want summer to start right now
Just can't focus on CivPro. I've gotten past the point of caring. 
just CAN'T get IT RIGHT.. About to be UP ALL NIGHT tryin' to FIGURE IT OUT 
Just can't seem to stay out my bed today. I needed some major rest! AND I miss my KYLA POOH, it's not the same when she's not here 
just cant SLEEP anymore.  9am.. god sake. bodens sooon.
Just can't sleep.  But everyone is sleeping. 
Just can't think anymore. Going to bed. Exam is at 11am. 
just caught and disposed of a mouse  eeeeekk
just caught up on 2 hours of casualty, now onto the hills. missing london 
Just caught up on Friday's Hollyoaks - Gutted about Hannah! 
Just sprayed around myself to get rid of awful BO smell on the train but its so strong is permeating through the perfume...ewwwww 
just squished a bug 
just start my evening shift!! will be in my office till 10pm 
just started eating pizza(: + just had a fight with robbiee it so so so sucks  xx
Just started following one of my best friends! My knees are starting to bother me now 
Just started laying out the next issue of my craftzine, have been chasing contributors for last fortnight, 12 articles still outstanding 
Just started screaming like a lunatic cuz something was in my house, with the door open, and yet all the ppl outside ignored me 
Just started studying for tomorrow's test &amp; won't be getting much sleep tonight 
just started the next twilight book. sick 
just started work week have loads of unfinished work from last week 
Just starting second shift of the day 
Just startled awake from the scariest nightmare ever: cartoon wolves that were red &amp; savage at the sight of humans &amp; destroyed everyone 
Just changed my bedclothes so my mom can wash the old ones. But now they dont match 
Just changed the background on my twitter page!  Having trouble w/ the sidebar color   So happy to be back to working on my book proposal!
just changed the twitter app on my phone. its better than the other but i miss the old one  looool
just chatted a bit with amy. i miss you so much, girl!  *mood: sad*
just checjed lottery results. still have to go to work tomorrow 
Just checked a certain somebody's account on here - still suspended - I would have took bets that he was the real deal.   
just checked behind all the drawers (and found something extremely important to me) and now the drawer is stuck and won't go back in 
Just checked Hampshire weather for midsummer sunrise - looks like it might be a rainy one  Ah well, I'll take me waterproofs!
Just checked in my bags! $100 
Just checked my bank account's balance. I don't even have enough to buy my mom a mothers day card 
Just checked out Google Wave. It looks pretty cool. Although I never get to try out Google Products with friends because no one has them. 
Just checked out the weather for this week, are we still in April?  May showers make Mike a wet mess when mowing in the rain 
just checked the bank account.  there will be no harbour diner for lstew.  
Just checked weather report for morning.15 -18 mph winds! Yikes! 50-53 degrees. Perfect except for wind. 
just checkin' in be back on latah,got alot going on 
just checking my email. Sooo boring 
Just checking out some 25 year old Pro Wrestling Illustrated magazines and realized how great Kerry Von Erich was from back in 1984. 
just checking out twitter, i think i'm gonne like it.  But I don't got followers  Poor me, haha.
just stayed up playing &quot;draw my thing&quot; for past.. 3 hrs.. .. ..   
just stepped on a sticker  ouch......at least  it didn't break and leave a splinter
Just stopped playing mario and was one world awa y from beating the game! 
Just stubbed my toe really bad 
Just stuck my finger in goldfish tank, if it was a bath I'd probably say it was too hot, hope they don't boil! 
just stuck... 
just studing again... 
Just submitted 2 internship applications via email. I hope I did this right 
Just swallowed a bug. My phones gonna die 
Just swallowed a polo whole! not nice 
Just swallowed my gum cuz I couldn't find a garbage can. THAN was told it will be stuck inside me for 7 years 
just swallowed my gum, haven't done that since about 2nd grade 
Just taken Dad to the Train station  worst part is always saying bye - again - now sat watchin the City 
Just talked to grand parents over skype... not good, not good, can just sit and cry 
Just talked to her mom.. Thank god at least phone does work!!!! -since yesterday Mobile network is totally down- 
just talked to mum- tired of everything; I really miss my sister  - everyone's already left hosp.
Just talked to my best friend...feeling a bit better now..But still I am pissed off totally..  
Just talked to my boo....I miss himmmm.... 
Just talked to my dad on the jail phone... I kinda feel sad. 
just talked to my dad. I wish I could see him today. 
Just talked to my momma...I feel far way. 
Just talked to the fam for an hour and a half. Time well spent. Wish I could zip over to Colorado for a quick trip. 
Just talked to the man.  He's gone to sleep.   I miss him so much.  I need him here so badly.    Thinking of going to bed myself.
Just talked to the vet and I *may* have Zeus home tomorrow. Poor kitty. 
Just talked to Thomas for a good amount of time.. About everything cause that's how we are. I've missed him SOOOO much.  Too long.
just talked with Sakura, she's feeling sick. 
just talking with my friends, eating, finally! I'm very very hungry  ..
just taugh mu last class  awwww. But i cant wait to get home
Just taught my K4-5 class 4 the last time! 
Just tel me y ur gonna cry in a direct message please 
just tell em what they wanna hear.... 
Just tell me if this is over because I will leave you alone. Please let me know because I'm just standing here, not knowing what to do. 
Just tell yourself: I, I'll be okay.    estudar, estudar, estudar, estudar. God, help me 
Just chillin after a day from hell with my daughter,back to work tomorrow 
just chillin after school with and OVERLOAD OF HOMEWORK!! 
just chillin in bed, gonna finish ipt assessment today... i hope 
Just chillin' in pjs after a short, but long week - why is someone continually knocking at my door? 
Just Chillin Schools almost DONE 
Just chillin with a minor headache 
just chillin' with my cat. trying to find something on tv. 
Just chillin' with my niece as her daddy does yard work! A mellow overcast day  What to do? Hope everyone has a great Saturday!
just chilling in front of my comuper ... go for lunch or something don't kow just bored 
just chilling, got nothing to do sooo bored!!! 
Just chilling....studying for finals. 
Just chilln' at home, wishing that the storm wouldn't have missed us! 
just choked on water, then started coughing, then choked on air (wth?!).... anddddd have hayfever 
Just chomped on my lip soooo hard  ouuuucchhhh. About to play some xbox cuz I'm that bored... Rockband maybe?
just chugged some miralax....blehh....now a shower 
Just cleaned my earring. Man I'm tired 
Just cleaned out my closet! It took forever and it's still full!! 
Just cleaned out my fridge and freezer.  You don't want to know how much I chucked out. 
Just cleaned patio! Now other chores 
Just tested Find My iPhone  MMS not working until Wednesday, O2 says 
Just tested, 360 mod worked perfect! Now I can backup my games so they don't get broken like NHL 08 did. 
Just testing new ruby twitter gem by @jnunemaker - cant get cli working tho 
just texted entire 2009 pledge class. NO ONE will go outside with me  FML. &quot;studying&quot;. psh, what's that?
Just the love 
Just thinking about not gettin any email from Chris today/this week makes me sad   I miss my Chris already
Just thinking how much I miss John Lennon's music.    
just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  HATERS!!!
Just thought about my hubby being deployed n now I got the blues  I need a stiff drink but I'm breastfeeding so no booze for me :/ Ugh!!
just thought about something...@soverall12  please don't bring the swine flu with you!!! 
just thought bac to last month n wut couldve been 
Just thought I saw a person in my backseat and freaked on the fwy 
just thought i would let you all know the most agonizing thing about waiting for a jailbreak - no mobileinstallation patch 
just thought i would say goodnight. i didnt get 2 twit much 2day but ill be back! goodnite yal...im stil sick 
just thought of a good tweet then 4got it 
Just thought of something...made me sad...damn...  **sigh**
just three weeks until I leave lincoln... 
Just threw up  my stomach hurts
Just threw up a little bit 
just threw up all over the bathroom. not fun 
Just threw up for the 4th time in under 3 hours...  Almost everything about today has gone the complete opposite of how I hoped it would 
just threw up some bile since I haven't really eaten much the past few days and nothing but water today 
Just tired from everything.. 
Just to clarify I was away (Hong Kong) for 9 days. DON'T associate me to the wrongdoings that happened. I found out about it on the 29th. 
Just cleaned the dirt off my phone and found new scratches 
Just color coded my itouch apps and icons...aka not falling asleep lol 
Just come back from Sranley Park and am now locked out of house  Someone come save me!!
Just come back inside from putting another cover on my pony, Did my creepy alien walk past the window but nobody noticed  Spagbol for me
just come inside. Poop I'm burned again 
Just completed another movie night ALONE. Cadillac Records made me cry Lakeview Terrace made me nervous. Time to go to bed ALONE 
just completely ruined a surprise  I feel so bad.
Just concluded my own personal 15 hour marathon of @cwthegame. I laughed, cried, got pissed and am now totally bummed that it is NO MORE 
just confirmed my last day of work is tomorrow ...then no more zoo. 
just consumed 370 calories into my body .. boo  hahaha
just contradicted his anti conformist stance by having a twitter account. 
Just crashed a PPC mac mini trying to import 2500 songs into itunes in one hit 
Just crashed again. 
just created a coke fountain. Punched my thumb right through the cup on the way into the church 
Just to drive @tweetie crazy, I miss the big blue selected tweet highlight. I can't tell which tweet is selected anymore 
Just to early !  http://twitpic.com/7gbwb
Just to let you all know my phone has died on it's arse  If anyone has a T610 (yes, retro) charger or battery I can use tell me!
just to say loud as usual: Miscrosoft Vista is a Virus ! I'm condemned to use it  for months &amp; years !
just to top off my increasingly crappy day - the one thing I did buy this morning are the wrong effing size - dummy spat, toys thrown 
just to wake up and spend another day at work! 
Just told by grandma that I'll &quot;never get to be a big football player or anything&quot; while she was TRYIN to compliment me. Lmao nd yet  lol
just told my bff -I cant go to her Vegas wedding  bummerz
Just told the kids about Sonny...they are devestated  ging to hold a 'funeral' in the garden later.
just told the spouse goodby, now off to work.... 
Just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three times in a row and get away with it. Now back to showing how shit my work is 
just took a four hour nap ... once again will not be sleeping tonight 
just took a look @ her &quot;work&quot;...i said LANDING STRIP! I'm freaking bald! 
just took a nice hot shower. aww havent showered in 2 days. eww grose i no. anywho getting ready 4 bed soon. parents kicked me out 
Just created a twitter acct. Couldn't fit my last name in cos of 20 chara limit 
Just created a twitter page...it's a little confusing 
Just created an account, have no friends 
just cried at tourettes programme, very sad. Rai poorly so am being nurse today, and not in a good way 
Just cried watching oprah 
just cried watching titanic 
just cryed for no aparant reason.  I need a hug
just crying :'( bcz my grndmaa bf was gone 
Just curious why someone was compelled to tie caution tape on my car while I was at work today  http://twitgoo.com/u4xu
just curling ironed myself in the cheek bone 
Just currently turned down a free meal to Olive Garden with my Mom and Brother...I'm just not in the mood 
Just cut herself wit a fan..... I thought that was impossible!!!!!!  Oh well... That was smart..
just cut my foot. it hurts! 
just cut my toe instead of my toenail 
just cut myself shaving and required 3 bandaids 
Just Cut the Grass. Went to the mall and got a lot of nice stuff. Bummer the Yankees Lost today 
Just cut the puppies' tail and 5th paw. I couldn't watch because I end up in tears all the time. The puppies kept on crying! 
Just cut up my 2,700 dollar pool I got 2 years ago  one of the kids tossed a ball in the pool and the dog ripped up the side tryn 2 get it
just cut up my thumb on a broken glass the goodwill lady didn't wrap  the fun part was tracking down where that red paint was coming from
just cuttin down my garden hedge! got a skelf 
Just da sight of Ashley can make my worst days good ones. I can't imagine school without her now. I only come 2 school 2 see her now. 
just decided as a spy I seriously suck 
Just decided theres not enough of Michael McIntyre on his Comedy Roadshow, it's a bit of him with 4 other comedians!! 
Just decked it. 
just deleted 4,000 emails from my gmail account took 3hrs!  3,878 to go... 
just took about four half hour naps after dinner, good god I've become my father 
just took an anti-motility tablet. tummy aches 
Just took Artie to the dog park &amp; realized he's peeing a bit of blood after exercise. I wonder if this is why his stamina's down too. 
Just took care of some laundry, I'm wearing bikinis today cause I ran out of clean undies. I'm so not housewife material. 
just took cell pix of her, tryed to cath her runnin but my phone was way to slow 
Just took my baby Button to the Vet...her eye was red and swollen! Allergies are a killer! We are both sick 
Just took my doggie to the vet...he thinks she had a seizure  It's not too bad apparently and he didn't seem too worried. Hope its not bad
JUST TOOK MY DOSE OF MUCINEX!! EWWW I KNOW!! 
Just took my front window tints off  2tickets in 2weeks...it looks so ugly...n waaay too bright in the front...ugh!
Just took Nookie off to the airport. Sure gunna miss her and the baby.  
Just took outfit photos and I have a serious case of bitchface in all of them! Wtf, I'm not even angry. 
just took pickies to the vet 
Just took the kid out to play and some road work is being done. The big bigger terrifies her. Poor girl, I thought she'd like it. To bad 
just tore my last contact lens and my new ones arent here yet. Anyone have a new pair that are at least a -8.00? I have horrible eyes  
Just totally defended someone she doesn't like AT ALL.  I feel so dirty, but they were (mostly) innocent.     DAMN YOU CHRIS!  ugh.
mmm...see last night the New Moon trailer...and i imagine everything diferent is gonna be kind disapointed 
Mmm..Buttertoast  I wanna see @ElectroAnna @EDANIELLE @ravegabe @liamadrid tomorrow  GAAAH!
mmm..loony...i think..  
mmmm chocolate mmmmmm....think gym now  gosh!  hurry up 4pm!!
Mmmm crap why am I sick  must sell 3 fusions regardless
mmmm eating egg bake.  called to have van taking in for service 
mmmm how I miss musical theatre..... 
mmmm just finished the book Untamed by P.C. and Kristen Cast in 3 hours.. its a 1/4 to midnight now and im still not tired 
Mmmm morrning coffee s good, sore from gym not qute good 
Mmmm not enough Carrol for everyone. All I want is one, but I don't know which one I want. 
just deleted all the music off my laptop...possibly not the smartest thing i've ever done 
just deleted my other account... @robstenrox 
Just deleted my spymaster account  It was no fun anymore.. stupid no more levels
Just deleted or merged 106 contacts in gmail....how I wish it was easier  #squarespace
just deleted some stuff from lastfm library. i lost 400 plays 
Just departed with my montero....  gonna miss it! Ce la vie
just de-potted 4 blushes and busted one  
just detailed the car, lucky because it's now raining 
just did a unit 4 chemistry past paper and i now feel less scared about it. still know nothing about unit 5 though! back to revision. 
Just did all of my bills for May all at once.  My bank account is going to have a seizure come Monday morning when everything hits it. 
Just did Chemistry.. not fun 
Just did my bracket picks (with unknown qualies, though) - I've kind of got Roger losing to Nole in the semis, sadly. 
Just did my english exam. Geography in a hour 
Just did my math exam and I think that I did horible but now I have business and more math 
Just did my maths test, didn't go too well  I only have to get 40% to pass I should have done that (i hope) so shouldn't have to do resit
Just did one of the STUPIDEST things ever. Worked out @ the no-AC Rec for almost an hour when it's 95 = way dehydrated &amp; overheated 
Just touched down and so happy to be back in Atlanta. Its been 2 yrs 
Just touched down!!! Lost my bloody sim card in BKK 
just tried a billion times to get through to @MandyyJirouxx on say now 
Just tried calling everyone saved in my phone (except family) 0 people answered 
just tried http://helpiranelection.com/ but i think it destroyed my avatar 
Just tried opening a bottle of coke against a stone pillar. Result? Snapped top of the glass off.   http://twitpic.com/6fe1z
Just tried out the Palm Pre and I actually don't mind the keyboard after the intial 30 second awkwardness. I miss tactile buttons 
Just tried out the rock band unplugged demo, plays well apart from the fact that I won't let you complete any of the 3 tracks on offer 
Just tried the Demo Fight Night Round 4, what can I say, It didn't rock my socks  Great graphics, but not good enough to buy!
just tried to buy new alexisonfire but JB were still waiting on their delivery 
just tried to call my baby.  no answer
just tried to make a cake but found loads of weevils in the flour. Had to throw it all away - about 10 bags full inc. bread flour  
Just tried to put a screen protector on my new phone.  Hope all those little bubbles disappear like the instructions promised  #fb
Just tried to register with Roobarbs forum but registration is disabled. At this rate I'll end up joining The Ian Levine forum 
just tried to setup my old wireless router again and windows simply crashed  gona buy the apple airport express today
Just tripped on my backpack while walking downstairs. Ouch 
Just tripped over my niece's shoes and took a face plant into the floor 
Just trying to do something ! 
mmmm not looking forward to tomorrow and not enjoying everything being brought back.  this sucks.
Mmmm ricky who 
mmmm sleeeeeep.....was in middle of watching Resident Evil 3 and eyes were crossing.......time for bed 
Mmmm sooooooo whats good tonight? I want to go home 
mmmm sunburn  I really hate this...
mmmm this week is gonna be shit.. 
mmmm!! sickness invading twitters!!!  
Mmmm... Food from Glicks for dinner. Gefilte fish, Krautweigel, Latkes and the best boiled bagels in Melbourne. Wish they had Kreplach. 
mmmm..... gotta go! be back later.... uhm Lisa? r u mad at me or something? cuz ur not replying hun i guess we'll talk later 
mmmm.....spicy chicken pizza  Suppose i really get on with some uni work 
Mmmmhmm. Real fkn tired. Reeeeal fkn tired 
mmmmm  bored wish he loved me back 
Mmmmm bank hol nice...... ..... But not 4 me  LOL ah well domestic bliss == now I need a sound track for the day &quot;Sinner man&quot; by Nina S
just tucked my boots in for the night. bedtime. am meeting 
just turned down the opportunity to get a delicious free meal, because I have/need to work on my dissertation... 
Just turned down tickets to the baby Boks vs the Lions at Newlands cos of &quot;academic commitments&quot;! 
Just turned in the last written assignment. Tomorrow is the very last exam - the oral one -  hate oral exams!  Wish me all the best!
Just turned my car on for the first in 6 months after I crashed it. It doesn't look good. 
Just turned over 20,000 miles on my car! So sad 
Just twisted my ankle again 
just unfollowing unfollowers  taking awhile lol
just unjailbroke my #iphone. when's the pineapple going to show up? 
Just up, have ironing and tidying to do 
Just Up..I Am Trien To Swallow Breakfast But It Hurts And Its Only A Yogart  :'( I Might Have To Go Doctor And Hospital 
Just updated #Tweetie and open in browser is still broken. 
just updated her accessorie collection with 3 new Coach bags and a wallet! Off work in a few! Strained calf muscle 
MMMmm Chocolate on Apprentice, I'm not allowed chocolate 
mmmmm CROISSANT! i really wish the nasty man in the pet shop wouldve let me have a gerbil 
Mmmmm hot tea to try to soothe a bad sore throat...WOW, this caught me off guard, haven't felt like this in ages  more tea and aleve?
mmmmm I don't know what to do 
mmmmm im enjoying this drink so much!! but im gonna waste it and go to bed 
mmmmm its rainin  wat to do in this crap twn wen its pishin down. ideaz people
Mmmmm. Goodmorning everyone. It's raining  and now I'm all wet (What's new xD)
mmmmmm - sausage roll for lunch - now to the gym 
Mmmmmm lima beans and rice and meat and avocados and green tea and spicy hot sauce...yuuummmm i missed eatin 
mmmmmm, coffee!  too cool to sit on deck and drink   Maybe tomorrow. Time to make Father's Day breakfast.
Mmmmmm...conf calls after conf calls, bouh 
MMmmMM...freckled bananas. Reading/TV &amp; going to bed soon. Finals at 8am. Really wishing @mikepolizzotto wasn't sick anymore 
Mmmmmmm that dinner was far better then i coulda imagined........now i want more 
Mmmmmmmmm i dont want go to class 
mmmMMmmmm, Brio and pizza slice... hey, TFC lost 
mmmmmtired. going to have a bath then eat fajitas. no time to nap i don't think 
Mmmph,i hate Del Mar  Two more months
MMS and tethering apparently won't work until late summer &lt;cry&gt;  #iPhail
MMVA'S SUNDAY! WOO, suddenly it all feels worth it!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOH. I NEED A NEW IPOD. WILLIAM 
MN no longer feels like home to me  Missing Chicago real bad!!!
M'ning All.. Is it summer or winter eh?! It's tather chilly this morning in South Wales... 
M'n'Ms, powdered dohnuts and cheetos...gross 
mobile internet is a bad idea when youre addicted to twitter!6th form soon 
mobile internet is just not enough 
Mobile Me is down  O well! If I don't respond to your emails quickly, it's not my fault. lol
Mobile phones sucks 
Just updated my iPhone 3G - WARNING - be sure to have your USB plug directly into the computer - else you will have troubles!  I did 
just updated my livejournal, still feels like shit, how? 
Just updated my Twitter app- it looks weird. Grrrr! Worst sleep last night- tossed &amp; turned. 
just updated to !kde 4.2.90. Seems much the same as the earlier beta. Unfortunately krunner still seems to crash frequently 
Just upgraded to IE 8 and discovered my Media Space site has compatibility issues with the drop down menu 
Just upgraded to new iPhone 3GS :-D, gotta wait till tuesday tho 
Just upgraded to OS3 on my iPod Touch; forgot to transfer purchases first though 
Just upgraded to the latest version of Iji, and the game is unplayably slow. Of course, the old version isn't up for download... 
just uploaded my new blog... a painful story about an 80s year old man who cried because he wanted to die... very sad 
Just used a Lush &quot;sex in the shower&quot; emotibomb.. Omg.. Smells amazing. Too bad it doesn't last for very long   shower time just got better
just used my new DevaCurl diffuser! LOVE IT 5 stars! not liking my new hair cut though, a little too short 
just didn't sleep so well 
Just disc golfed with my family. Good times. I lost  o well lol
Just discovered a compilation I got given with Mario Vasquez - Gallery on it.  Horrendously underrated   http://tinyurl.com/2nq29b
Just discovered a flaw in iPhone OS3.0 search: entries in the notes field (i.e., for contacts) are not indexed and thus not found. 
Just discovered a former client has redesigned his site into a mushy, generic, formless mess.... uses the Andrex font too! Gutted. GUTTED 
Just discovered a painful sunburn on my right sholder  hopefully it just turns into a tan!
Just discovered a shortcoming of Gravity. When you use Twitpic (integrated) it doesn't subtract the pic URL from the 140 character limit 
Just discovered Hels was born the day Starwars was first released.  All I got was a DC-10 crashing and killing 241 people. 
Just discovered i cant tumble 
Just discovered I missed the French Bronzes exhibit at the Met http://tinyurl.com/bcgeb2  
Just discovered if you append interesting words to twitter url, most of them are people who grabbed that account but never update 
Just discovered Im afraid of flying 
Just discovered International Fetal Alcohol Awareness Day.  Now I am sad   Preggers ladies, please don't drink.
Just discovered my primary system's hardware won't let me have my speakers plugged into the back AND use headphones at the same time.  
just discovered that getting Arby's sauce packets thrown out you really hurts  my arm is red and stinging now
Just discovered that I won �6.10 on the Euro Millions last Friday....lollipops are on me.....(Cost me �7.50 to buy the bloody ticket)  
Just discovered that someone has blocked me from following them... how rude... was it something I said? *Grumpy mode ON* 
Just discovered the existance of the sonisphere festival, fearing for my bank balance 
Just discovered the High Life has been on bbc4, Its nearly finished 
just discovered twitterfall. total twitter addiction has set in 
Just used young Jedi for the first time in a conversation. Mission completed. tweetdeck is down 
Just veen given a leaflet telling me not to vote for the BNP. I must look like I'd be easily duped into voting for facsists 
just violated the tuners rule.. dont buy non-performance parts. sorry.  ima buy the air filters next time..
Just visited world famous dateland.... A little disappointed 
just wait the perfect time, it'll be a bunch of people ! 
Just waitin on the rents will be back in bedford soon! Goodbye halls 
Just waiting for everyone to wake up so I can stop talking to myself  http://myloc.me/5ASd
Just waiting for Hayley to fall asleep so that we can pack for out next leg tomorrow. Off to Kota Kinabolu tomorrow @ 4am 
just waiting for his call.. 
Just waiting for my bodybugg, probably won't come for a couple hours though. Oh, and the carpet isn't done 
Just waiting for NHS direct to call back now, he's so uncomfortable - I hate seeing my baby in pain 
just waiting for the reality 
Just waiting on  my mum now... Got to go to college  Tired, headachey and completely drowned in unfinished work..
just wake up im ill  i not at school and i have't eatin in ages
Just wake up!  with a stomache and headache bad bad baddd day  oh also with hungry jajaja xD
Just wake up. I'm ill.  xx
just wake up....going to clean up the pooo from nobi on ???  BAD BAD BAD NoBI!
Just waken up and cross with my f--king boyfriend 
Just wakin up. My body still feels weak tho 
Mobile screen gone!!!!!! lost all my fone contacts 
Moblin doesn't work on the Eee PC 701. 
Moby gig last night was fab, just drank too much beer at the after show party and am nursing a hangover  but not a bad one (@LittleJoeIII)
Modem is definitely down 
modem is down on our computer. no internet  ehh.
modern technology, it's just too modern and too technical for me 
Modern Warfare ? More like Modern James Bond..  High quality. http://bit.ly/163xF6  More crappy E3 
Mojo woke me up, wth a Txt. Talkd for an hour. Mojo is goin to b busy 2mrw.  Wnts me not to miss her 2mrw.  .
Mojoe's wiff @PeytonCameron and Seannn. I forgotz my camera tho  oh welll
Mol my mom said no  maybe tmrw
moldy hay 
Molitor to Farnsworth...2 mph. Don't they know I have to be at the Dr by 5:30?!! Hope it's not an accident 
mollie needs a walk  seriously cba.
Just discovered why not heard from boss recently. Company insolvent - am now unemployed software engineer   Chocolate time!
Just discovered: I need a physical for dance team... I'm going to get violated! 
just discovering some nasty kinks when viewing in IE7 
Just doesn't feel like Father's Day without a BBQ and my dad.   
just doesn't Feel Like Smiling Today 
Just doesnt have much time for Twitter right now.. 
Just doesn't know what to do...I guess I can't ever do anything right!  
just doesnt understand you anymore and wants to know why you changed 
Just doesnt want to go to work in the morning 
just doing college work 
just doing my assignments 
Just doing my homework. Blehh. I don't like it 
Just done 2 Rick Roll's. But then @jaaake3 avoided it 
Just done alot of revision 
just done my nails and ive messed them up compleatly 
Just don't understand why FH is so emotional? I know I've got to solve the mystery, but it's knowing where to begin. One step at a time 
Just dopped @meeshonion &amp; fam off at the airport...sad times 
Just Downed a Bottle of Yahzooo! I feel Sick 
just downed a pineapple in about 15 mins... mouth hurts esp canker sores 
Molly, my dog 
Molly.. I bet mine would be tim mcgraw... 
Molly's grad party, long boring driveee without good music 
Molly's hard head just knocked the crap out of my nose! Ow  it probably wouldn't have hurt so bad if my glasses didnt assist in the attack
molly's ignoring me 
Mom &amp; Dad are on a smoothie-only diet this week. 3 days and no solid food to beg for?  This is sucky.  
Mom asking if I'm feeling better after dargah visit. Dad swears he sees +ve &quot;change&quot;.  I am amused.   But yeah, still depressed 
Mom cancelled game night. 
Mom coming to the house... Uhhhh ohhhh cleaning pronto! 
Mom doesn't really do the Mother's Day thing. Last time I tried, it was... bad. B.A.D.  I want more Starbursts.
Mom feeling too sick to go out. 
Mom forgot to finish the laundry and now i have no sheets on my bed 
Mom found a face-pube or a pube-pube in my slice of pizza. Either way, I can't finish it now. 
mom goin to work  and was with strippers and whores on twitter if I WANNA WATCH porn i'll come to you DUN COME TO ME YESH .mera  x infinty
Mom got me Quantum of Solace on DVD for my 23rd birthday, which is tomorrow. She's sweet, but now I don't have anything to open tomorrow 
Mom has a big white dress she won't let me near. She put it in a suitcase with fancy shoes. What does this mean? She only wears sneakers! 
Mom heading to the hospital. 
Mom is acting crazy again 
Mom is doing well in the hospital after emergency surgery but will prob be there for a week. Just wish I could be there. 
mom is not letting me do skyjump in Macau. rahhhhhhhhhhh 
mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha.
mom is screaming at me. ughh! 
mom is sick, so no tubing today  happy mother's day!
Just downloaded a HQ Wallpaper pack and found 2 chops in there! Roobi's Pink/Purple  Gold and NOMIS's rad Beetle. 
Just downloaded a tweet app for me google phone. On way to work now. 
just downloaded safari on my computer i dunno if i like it yet.. it's my netbook so it's kinda slow.. 
Just downloaded Skype Lite™ to my mobile but can't sign in. 
Just downloaded Songbird 1.2  It's still buggier than a tropical island. Grrr 
Just downloaded the newer Tweetdeck but it's not working  Can't get into settings to change my username/password!
just downloaded the TV FOX add-on for FireFox... Huge potential but not quite there 
Just downloaded TweetDeck for iPhone. Seems much better than TwitterFon. Hurrah! Also, not had any DMs for 9 weeks according to this! 
Just downloaded ubertwitter I have to say I'm liking it so far. At 2500 chips  http://myloc.me/28vU
Just drank 3 red lines freaking out  help !
just drank a full carafe of oj, now I feel like shit 
mom is still in the hospital. so worried. 
Mom just emptied and rinsed The Bucket, then peed with the door open so she could talk to me 
Mom just told me I have to get shots on Saturday 
Mom just went to the hospital  really hope her ankle is ok
Mom left me alone all day AGAIN so after she got home &amp; skritched my head awhile I bit her ear HARD! Bad move? Cuz now she's ignoring me. 
mom made me take a tylenol for headache 
Mom needs my phone today so i can't take it to school!  That means no tweeting till i get home..in  9 and a half hours... Wtf! ;-(
mom promised agility this morning and it's pouring down rain 
Mom put me in an even worse mood. 
Mom said that if Mona doesn't throw up the ribbon or pass it we can't afford the surgery she'd need. 
Mom said we did GREAT in dressage, but then she got the score and said we've some 'things' to work out. but I was so good! 
Mom says shes got a surprise for me and sergio either in the night or tommorow  i dont like surprises unless i know what they are .
Mom scolded me for eating too much and calls me fat 
Mom woke me up around 6  apparently she put dad's sweat pants in my laundry basket
mom wont let me go play in the rain...   ~*~meg~*~
Mom&amp;Dad I miss them 
mom, dad, come home.. i'm home alone.. i was scary 
mom, please come home as soon as possible. i'm so hungry and so does maxie 
moment of silence for the Celtics 
momentarily have more energy (nausea is yet to disappear) but before I work on characters I need to fill out countless forms  SIGH
Momma dont like the green pants 
momma is making me mad ! 
mommas going to jacksonville, Florida next week for work  I really wished they cancelled that trip but they decided to torture me! Haha
Mommmy  Please hurry up I want to pee 
mommy don't wanna buy me a sandwhich 
Mommy home. Baby out. Me go sleep. Have to drive nigh crippled old man around for 12 hrs tomorrow. Then work 'til 10.  wah
mommy is acting very weird this whole day 
Mommy is trying to reschedule my date with the doc, my rash is now also on my chest 
Mommy just left for the airport and I'm missing her already  . Was nice having her here for the weekend tho. She's such a treasure
Mommy leaves soon 
mommy made lasagna, omg it feels good to be home ..work in the morn 
mommy please mom i need that thing for my holiday. huuuu 
Mommy tricked us in our cage then slammed the door &amp; left. 
Mommy you're not playing with me.  http://yfrog.com/79v4oj
mommy, i feel hot.  im sick so i hafta go to bed early. 
mommy, i wanna share with you  i really need your advice
mommy... is school closed today? 
mommys in a bad mood 
mom's back isn't doing well -- home taking care of her today. to doctor's later. hopefully we can fix the problem 
moms best friends son just died in a motorcycle accident. she had another son die of a heart attack. i feel so bad for her 
mom's friends are coming so she won't let me sleep 
Mom's getting up  Rub for your lives...Haha jk
Moms having a hard time..... They shld all leave now they r just stressing her out. 
Moms lecturing me about how i should be in school 
Mom's making me get off,boo  Be back tomorrow loves.Love you lots my twitter family![Love you TIlaaaa!xoxoxo]
mom's moving to florida. i'm moving to my dads. it's my day off, but i somehow still have a case of the mondays. 
Mom's not any better, and she slept over 12 hours. Just waiting on my friend to see if she can take us to the hospital. 
Mom's not ready.  I'm ready to DRIVE! lol. And my neck hurts. #peterfacinelli Follow him! @peterfacinelli
Just drank a redbull and wanna return it 
Just drank four points...what a waste! 
just drank too much creaming soda 
just drawing super bored 
Just dreamed I was at a store with grace and someone tried to kidnap her! 
Just dreamt that I failed the boards. 
Just dreamt the worst dream i think i've ever had 
Just drop the boy off at grandma, still sick, fever still on high, so sad to leave him but gotta work tomoro. Wish i cn accmpany him 2nte 
Just dropped $104 of groceries.... ouch...  considering i had a shopping list as long a my arm... oh man...
Just dropped a bill and a half on groceries  well, thats what i get for waiting for so long.
Just dropped a frozen pizza perfectly on my big toe. It hurts like a mother and is definetly going to bruise 
just dropped beks off at the airport...  sad morning.
Just dropped daughter off at birthday/pool party.  Gone are the days I had to stay and keep an eye on her in the pool.  Kinda sad though 
Just dropped everyone one off at the airport...it was sad to see the little wave goodbye.    I'm super sleepy too
Just dropped him off at the airport earlier.....Now I don't know what I'm going to do for a whole week 
Just dropped his cigarette in a pool of vomit 
Just dropped his phone out the window 
Just dropped Josh off at the airport 
just dropped Justin and my parents to the airport... I hope I see Justin soon.. 
Just dropped maryann off  now I'm off to see my boo
Just dropped mom off at LAX... 
just dropped my baby off @ the airport 
just dropped my bff off at the airport   Now I'm getting ready for a same day interview...gotta luv it!
Just dropped my car off to get the door fixed for 119!  boo!
Just dropped my clean laundry on the floor into a puddly of laundry detergent 
just dropped my daughter to the airport.... see you in 3 months my love 
just dropped my golf off at garnet vw. paying $100 to get it diagnosed. but my final bill will prob be way more after getting it fixed 
just dropped my lyndsie at the airport. now im home all by myself   i think she needs to come back tomorrow.
just dropped my mom off at the airport 
Just dropped my son off at his 8th grade dance  when did he get sooooo big??
Mom's on an IV now.  This will probably be a long night.  
Moms on her wayback from the airport, gonna go pick her up, would show u photo's but iPhone she is broken 
Moms!!!  LOL yes we are having a competition!! http://twitpic.com/7rady
momy, i love you 
Mon boomerang dollara revient pas 
Mon coeur se brise pour vous... mes chers.  &quot;Air France plane on its way from Brazil to Paris has gone missing&quot;
mon ipod est mort ... 
Mon. Morn., Waiting for Bronwyn and Moses to come, so we can start work. It's 11:21a.m. supposed to be here @ 10:00a.m. don't like waitng 
mon.&amp; tues. are the worst!! ughhh i need something to keep me occupied on the dreadful days... 
Mona's cat got ran over and has a skull fracture the poor thing 
Monday   Buuuut only three more weeks of school!
monday  booooooooooo
Monday  ima Play One Of My Fave Playlists Full Blast Out Thee Window ! Take Tht Neiqhbors ! MUAHAHAHAHA ! Jonasx3
monday  ugh..
Monday (argh!) Back to the grind 
Monday : my b-day!  spent 5hrs. renewing my driver's license.  should've delayed or advanced it instead.  hated long lines. 
Monday again    I was late to work. Alarm went off @ 4:45 but I didn't get up until 5:30. I swear where does the weekend go
Monday again  already a hectic start to the week lol... bring on the weekend 
Monday again! Already! Think I have a bit of a cold starting after being caught in the rain about 5 times while at the Zoo on Saturday 
monday again..  sadness..
Monday again.. It's raining and it's cold outside  Where's the sun?
monday again? i needa redbull 
Monday again?! Boooooooo! 
monday already     oh well.  guess I gotta make the best of it
Monday already .. - its already monday  i need more holiday and cant wait go to Bali with manda ;p so im at... http://tumblr.com/xpa1t4rjh
Monday already. Iran may implode. Kitchen is a disaster. @annagoss seems happy. @sebulous had a nice weekend and @goldpanda is great. whoop.
Just dropped nephews off at airport. Feeling really sad 
Just dropped off baby at daycare for the first time. He didn't cry. But, I am now. 
Just dropped off Roxy  my poor baby. Cant wait to get her back!
just dropped off sarah at DIA  me and susu are depressed.
just dropped off the car to get the brakes looked at. i hope this doesn't cost me insane amounts of money 
just dropped off wes at station.  moving my music onto the laptop and being mopey 
just dropped original flava off at the airport.  sad times 
Just dropped Rich and Jen off at the airport. Everyone has gone.  Frown.  http://myloc.me/2gDk
just dropped shelley at the airport 
just dropped them off at the  airport 
Just dropping in. Missed too many tweets to ck. em out. Hate it when that happens.    Oh well! Que cera cera!
Just drove by fisher and I feel so sad 
just drove by my old dance studio. its completely torn apart. i got a little sad. @thuggy_D we pretty much grew up there 
Just drove by olive garden @nwlynch 
just drove downtown to see andrew wk at the uptown &amp; the line up outside is massive. disappointed 
Just drove from the hotel in Neosho back to Joplin only to discover my power is still out.  Back in Neosho now.  I'm a very sad Rachel. 
Just drove into the wall in my parking garage. Again.   Dumbass.
just drove my car to work with the 'check oil' light on...  im gonna explode!
Just drove over my puppy...  took him to the vet, it's a sprain and a ripped open paw pad. My poor pup - I'm sorry!
just drying my hair, it actually takes a lifetime. 
Just dusted off GH 2. I haven't played in a while and I sucked! 
Monday approaching 
Monday blue... 
Monday Blues ! 
monday comes just too damn soon...  i miss last weekend already.. 
Monday evening -&gt; Sister Act 2 with the wonderfull Lauryn Hill!!! Ohh I miss The Fugees  
Monday is almost here.  
Monday is getting closer and closer... me not like 
Monday is sucking really bad.... 
Monday means back to work 
monday means back to work and back to school  boo
Monday monday....and its raining!!!!!  I feel ok...bring me tea bring me coffee!!!
Monday morning - latte, reading + sunshine - still wish the working week hadn't started 
monday morning  not even sunshine
Monday morning ... and I have a dental appointment 
Monday morning already then 
Monday morning and back to work  Not to worry, bank holiday next Monday and off to Disneyland Paris with the family 
Monday Morning back at work.    Had a great weekend tho.  Did some shopping and just hung out and barely any cleaning..hehe
Monday morning back to work 
monday morning blues 
monday morning blue's 
Monday morning started w/ the sounds of renovation in the apt below me.  Well this week is going to be busy... who needs peace and quiet?
Monday morning sucks.... 
monday morning=back to work...megan's last week=i'm sad 
Monday mornings  But it'll be a great week and weekend!
Monday mornings blugh 
just dyed meh hair pink and blue ppl keep givin me baaaad looks  but i LOVE it;XD
just dyed my hair. dissapointed, don't expect light golden brown to darken my hair! well it just did 
just eat hot &amp; spicy chicken and $1 large coke from  McDonald.. I was hungry even though I had lunch today 
Just eaten, and feel extremely bloated...  now for the not so fun part.
Just emailed a lovely high schooler. Had to tell her that Dome Bar is 18+...  
Just end to read the millenium trilogie from Stieg Larsson..and I'm so frustrated...we'll never know what happend after.. 
Just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! Kinda mad cause I'm gonna miss the laker game! 
Just enjoyed French Toast for breakfast and now I'm at book store seeing if there's anything good. It's going up to 90 degrees today. 
Just erased all songs on my iPhone!! 
Just et bag of salad in manner of bag of crisps after shock 16 (SIXTEEN) stone epiphany this morning. I now have more waist than leg 
just excavated my first ever body....shame it was a puppy 
just experienced a major buzz kill!  
Just failed my driving test. 
Monday night, what to do ? I miss the frick out of Brenda  !
Monday tomorrow 
Monday why must u be like that, why must u feel like crap.... Ain't nuthing but the Monday in me 
Monday!! 
Monday!@%!! Baby is up..i hear him wiggling, the coffee is a brewin...its an errand day...i want to paint 
monday, again. 
monday, again.... on the road again.... still 700km to go 
monday, booo 
Monday, get here. 
monday.. for those that to wake up and works...  not cool.......
Monday... So much on my head, most of it not good stuff. F***, I hate having my hands tied 
Monday.... the worst day ever 
Monday...... 
Monday....................... 
MONDAY...back to school!!  i was getting use to this long weekend i was having. I could only remember the days when i was at home all day!
Monday?  Again???  Kind of hating those two days off now - desk is covered in work.  
monday? and if u can't then i'll just buy the tickets here and u can bring the $ to class lol but i wanted to see u!  well let me kno lol
Mondays  Thank god it's my day off today.. Still having trouble waking up and I'm already awake for 2 hours LOL..
Mondays are bad enough. No angel. 
mondays aren't that bad....compared to the sunday night anticipation that the weekend has come to a close and work returns tomorrow 
monday's coming the day i hate 
Mondays go by so sllooowww 
Mondays hurt me when it seems all the disappointment of last week is just starting over. Missed call 5 hrs ago to pick up a shift at work 
Just fed my gecko, need to take my dog for a walk and its midnite 
Just fed the baby lambs !  got headbutted 
Just fed the dogs and they repay me but gassing me outta the sitting room!! 
Just fed the momma cat that I stole the kittens from... Have a feeling I'm gonna be doing this for a while 
just fed three very hungry stray kitties three cans or tuna. i hope they stay warm and safe tonight 
Just feel blahhhhhh today 
JUST FEELING ALITTLE UNDER THE WEATHER AS MY MOM HAS LEFT TO GO BACK HOME TO  SOUTH AFRICA 
Just feeling very, very sad right now for no obvious reason 
just fell asleep for 6 hours, what a wonderful way to spend a Friday night. 
just fell asleep in the canteen. wana go home 
Just fell asleep, silly me 
Just fell backwards in my computer chair, did a flip, and cracked my head on our NordicTrac..oww! 
just fell off my chair ..now my back hurts  wasn't a very good thing to do oops  lol
Just fell on a woman while exiting the T. 
Just felt sad by the sudden forgotten realization that zombies will never exist  I think I'll watch 28 Days Later to cheer myself up
JUST figured out how to check my replies...i'm such a dork lol. I apologize for not responding to some of the tweets you guys left me! 
just figured out I'm really, really special 
just figured out that i have 30 years of great hair left...after that baldness will set in.... 
Just figured out where all the ticks are coming from. One of our fav spots 
Just filled an email with work words I hoped I'd never be dull enough to use  Think I've been here too long.
just filled in the returns form for my new device  is there any law about not paying for postage back if it's faulty?
just filled out a crap load of job applications.. 
Just find out Boyle didn&quot;t win the game !!!  xoxo!!!
Just find out the Boyle didn&quot;t win the game !!!  xoxo!!!
just finised my relationship but im not that sad like i expected.... yea,,, abit sad 
Just finish another head. Feel like I'm comin dwn with a cold 
just finish class...tired!!!! maths always killing...miss jonas brothers 
Mondays... hate em 
Mondayyy 
Money is great but a weekend without weekend fun is not so great 
Money Saving Tips &amp; Washing  http://cli.gs/YnRXp4
Money shortage again  any ideas for a party anyone. ? Need credit and the second twilight book and to pay kim back ARGHH
Money sucks. Not only do i have a baby shower to pay for but a wedding gift and baby gift and a dress for the wedding. 
MONEY,LIFE &amp; MATERIAL THINGS, U CAN HAVE IT 2DAY BUT IT'S NOT DESTINED TO STAY 
Monica out AQ vs 44 against overall chip leader. Fours hold up. 
Moniker: Lolto:mikey.. I did that the other day and people got all butt hurt. Whaaaa  crying http://tinyurl.com/mpmkfz
Monitor. Worst timing ever. No more warranty either. Guess i get to get a head start on the desktop i'm building  sigh
Monkey bar tonight!...and after u guys go, come visit me @ v lounge! I am all alone tonight.       haha
Monkey just woke up.  She must not be feeling well.  She also wet her sheet 
monkeys!!! oh man i want a monkey so bad, thanks a lot animal planet for rubbing it in my face that i don't have a monkey 
MonksDen itsmikie: couldn't get my order in ,, in time..  : itsmikie http://tinyurl.com/mqzfn4
Monmouth for breakfast. There is nothing like a 6am start 
Monnnnnday    ergh
monopoly weg 
Monopoly with hostal friends. erin leaves tonight 
monsoon in birstall again 
monsoon makes a person lazy and less efficient 
Monsoons: new bag, new uniform, new set of pencils, colors and gum boots. I miss school 
monster headache is making me want to cry or scream or any number of other things that will only make headache worse.  Sleep: only option.
Monterey HS students stole my phone yesterday. 
Month end... still stuck in my office waiting for the stragglers to get there s#!t together. 
month of hell continues.. was just in a car accident 
just finish eatting dinner, peanut butter sandwish and some milk, I am set now dont have any food in the house 
Just finish testing...so boring 
just finish tuition. and nobody tells me what are the english homeworks 
just finishd at the gym, and now going to reward myself with kfc... my mum didn't cook and I dnt know how to 
Just finished 2 Bingo scratchers and I didn't win shit.  I feel like a tweaker 
Just finished 20 minute boot camp work out. Lunch then work til 9! 
just finished 6 hours of radio writing/prod class. I seriously can't come to any 'speaking' engagements now 
just finished a 12 mile run without my iPod 
just finished a 14 hour work day like a BOSS....oh wait i am the boss thats why 
just finished a chick-fil-a sandwich. Wont have one for awhile 
Montreal/Berlin trip coming to close. Boarding flight out of Berlin 
Monty has upchucked his food three times since Leno started.  Poor little guy 
monumental dissapointment, tried 3 stores no iPhone. Got shouted at by the old bill for my troubles 
Moo.com is broke  another bummer!!
Mooching around doing nothing.... and its sunny too! Grrr nothing to do 
Mood just got killed 
mood ruined. thanks @smileyklutz now all i think about are the friends we will soon be missing. @crankdatshaz. 
Mood today - 
Mood: Kinda bummed. Actually really bummed. 
mood: very sad  gone drinking
Mooday.... Mooday... How can one not be moody...  #monday
moody moody moody moody week 
Mookyeong is gone  lets hang out at americana and my house a lot! good luck at irvine, we will all miss you  wear the shirt when u move!
Moon is being cranky today. 
Moon update have just spotted the full moon out my window, it's quite low in the sky and has just vanished behind the clouds 
Moooooorning world! I have nothing to do today  Anybody wanna hang?
mooooorning, woke up with a strong urge to watch 10 things i hate about you but going to work instead 
mooooving out of my coverage area  talk to you all again once I get to Columbia
Mooorning! It's Friday, and that's terrific! Smile up!    :-|      :-D
mooorrning  all im doin tday is exams .. 
Moose Detail 9-2 last Day i am sad  Love the 315
mooved out of my belfast house today...end of an era 
mope, mope, mope, that's all i have to do around here  beachgrl;)
Moping around... my friend is sad, and I can't make her smile. 
Morale is low. We are running low on snus and Kolonopin. Forge the river Y/N ... N 
morbid isnt up yet... 
Morcheeba's site does not work: http://www.morcheeba.co.uk/ There is just Apache2 default site 
MORE  rain  - and it appears that we'll have rain all week.  How are we going to manage to get any of these games rescheduled? 
more &amp; more arguing.  everyday it's something I did wrong. WTF?
More 3.0 app updates on the iPhone... still no update in sight for the TNA game 
more and more assignments 
More big news about the #DQ menu board. they didn't send anywhere near enough bolts to put everything together 
More Bloodshed in Iran starting tomorrow  http://bit.ly/QvCB1
more bloodwork and tests this week. i love being a lab rat.  i think of myself as more of a lab kitteh. 
More bored than frustrated now - running out of things to do that will actually hold my attention 
more break-ins over the weekend at New England House in #brighton 
More cheery news--it's going to rain for the next five days 
More Cities XL Feature Details http://bit.ly/JAOLH  Boo at the monthly costs  -- Sassan
More conf calls, and 6 more tomorrow too!  Sheesh!  
More CONFUSED than yesterday!!!  I don´t know what to do... OnIy I know that I´m the worst singer and that I don´t have a guitar 
More coursework to do! 
more dots. worried now  someone kill me.
More downtime.  
More exams, boo 
more finals...AND forgot my yearbook at home 
More GUCP issues with the orbiter during tanking  Not a good sign... *crossing fingers*
More homework got loads of exams this week 
More homework, try to sleep, and back to work again tonight. 
More homework... 
more hospital visitings coming soon 
More HTML to do tonight 
More in those last 10 pages than some other times in the book. I did cry a lot reading the rest, but a LOT in the last 10 pgs.  great book
More job hunting out in this hot hot weather. Then it's off to pick up my prints from the print shop. I wish my shower was fixed. 
More job training learning how to take some people down i miss david 
More laundry fun tonight after work in preparation for tons of cute Scottish boys..... With bad teeth 
More like alot  -sigh- is there a way u can report problems? @@
More meetings 
more moving today... no fun 
more office work, just found an invoice from March 
More often than not, my slushies at sonic are all liquid, no slush. 
more or less 1 week left for me... 
More or less final. I'm moving over to the UK in 2010 to work with Dr. Peter Piot on AIDS (AIDS2031) policy research...Bye SF Chinatown! 
more people have watched John davis' break up video than ordered fucking frankenstein on amazon.com   come on people!
More people want to talk to my little sister than want to talk to me 
more porn followers 
more ppl tweets less ppl blogs ...no good 
More rain in Glasgow  grrr ..I sound like I'm surprised! Ha, nope!
more rain pissing it down 
More rain today!    It's already pouring outside.
More rain today!  What a wonderful surprise! 
More rain today...Good.  I hope it rains all day, cause I have no desire to do anything.  
More rain! I am growing gills 
More rain!!.Itching to get out of house.Forced to watch Charm School by @staci_withani.My intelligence is dwindling due to reality shows 
More rain.   Its not fun to be stuck inside with two kids with unending energy.
More rain. It's really messing with the projects I want to do.  
More rain? 
More reason study coming up tonight looked into a course at berklee music however its too expensive right now  *starts saving* IMPOSSIBLE!
Just finished a delicious breakfast, my last in Paris  I'll miss milk, europe has the tastiest milk in the world, I don't drink it in US.
Just finished a drum track for one of my songs. Only toke me an hr. I now hav 3 blisters on my right hand  not pretty SO TIRED!
Just finished a fitting with @angelafink for Thursday's shoot...I'm pooped! Now into a budget meeting 
Just finished a footlong and I'm still hungry. 
Just finished a mountain of work and now ikm heading home..feeling sick and yuck all around 
just finished a practice session.. I do not rock today.. 
Just finished a really great game between Yankees and the rays,we suffer a loss though 
Just finished a record! Yay! Last day in NY. 
Just finished a ScreenFlow edit. YouTube is still down, so I'll try to upload tomorrow morning. Sorry  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7h722
Just finished a service call at a house infested with roaches! They were EVERYWHERE! People are just fucking nasty! My skin is crawling. 
Just finished a whole days work (and a bit) when I should have been out in the sun.  
just finished activating a software title for one of my many customers....  work is really boring  
just finished all my chips. devo 
Just finished an appointment with an arborist...lots of my trees have to come down  http://www.kennandcompany.com
Just finished an assignment... Now I have two more to write plus a speech... Need to finish one this weekend and I'm sick 
Just finished an early run - hot &amp; humid already 
just finished an exam, every1 else has finished cos I chose i different course to my friends I have one more exam on Thurs next week 
just finished another masterpiece i can't save. 
Just finished article on neurobiology of child abuse.. Interesting but it makes me so sad 
just finished bade..... surfing online... nutn much to do 
Just finished ball. Facing the reality of assignments now. 
Just finished balling wit some kids from around my block. I'm officially old lol. SB: someone entertain me - my bff is out of town 
Just finished brushing my hair. Now I have to study for my science test!  Don't like studying or tests!!! 
Just finished cleaning the leo cages. Unfortunately the lygo eggs in the incubator got moldy  But two more in the viv! Woohoo!
Just finished cleaning up the mess in the kitchen that I needed to get rid of BEFORE I can make my breakfast 
Just finished coding a site, tested it in firefox - fine, in IE7 it gives me a weird bug, its not floating the nav properly 
just finished colouring my hair i had to way to much grey popping up and i'm not even 30 yet 
Just finished commencement at Harlaxton College. Back to London tomorrow, I really really really don't want to leave 
just finished compiling the 2009 Kaibigan Banquet Video. It's about 41 minutes long! I don't think facebook even accepts videos that long 
just finished cooking spag bol from scratch.. in other words been cooking for the past 4 hours! i'm not hungry anymore 
Just finished creating backgrounds for www.twitter.com/wdhafm &amp; www.twitter.com/cmooreevil.  If only that mattered to anyone 
Just finished crying really hard...my head hurts now! 
More revision on a beautiful  sunday morning 
more sign surveys to go on this afternoon, looks like rain as well 
More snow this morning here in the Adirondacks.  It's covering my crocus that were coming up  
More storage facility fun today 
More storms and tornado watch tonight... Java not to happy.. 
more studying  then seeing transformers at midnight yay!
more summer class work hell tonight.. fun fun. not 
More sunburn 
More surgery for mom on Thurs.  #squarespace
more than 2 hrs in the pool yest and my ears still hurt today! 
more than 20 screws for changing the harddisk on my macbook pro. what's up apple 
more than a week now since i ordered my bag o crap off 1-day and still nothing has arrived 
more than borring 
More than half of BarCampKerala tees are unsold....what a waste of money  Ping me if you want to buy one now.
More than half way throught the last Twighlight series.... I don't want it to end. 
more thinking over the bart fare hike... it's gonna mean i can't always waltz in a mar jacobs store and buy something 
More thoughts on #TweetDeck... It doesn't seem possible to view latest trends and hashtags are not clickable in tweets 
More to love a single person yet   following the life rs;
More to the point, why couldn't they have been real? 
More training. Don't wanna work though 
more trim painting in the kitchen.   So sick of this.
More wedding dress shopping today... Nothing so far 
More woolmart 
more work    at least tomorrow should be fun
More work  I spite these people already &gt; I'd rather be driving my sis to the airport
More yoga so now I don't feel as bad about not taking a walk/run today. It's raining. 
just finished dexter season 2. Love this friggin show. Season 3 in netflix queue but doesn't look like the dvds are out yet 
Just finished dinner at muh dads!  heading back to TN soon. This makes me sad. 
just finished dinner, now the homework begins 
just finished eating chocolate ice cream :| its really good  the only good thing i've done so far im too lazy to study for my socio test 
just finished eating crawfish.. now watching it rain 
Just finished eating my blueberry and strawberry pancakes...mmmmm! Now gotta get ready for work 
Just finished eating my lunch.Now I have 2 help my Dad with his email stuff  BORING!!!
just finished eating, im happy(: aaaaaaaaaand now, study 
just finished eating...now im feelin lovely...missing my one and only though 
Just finished eating...off to the track for 2 miles and then aerobics!!! Pray for my hair 
Just finished Eclipse!!!! Read the teaser &amp; absolutely CANNOT wait to get my hands on Breaking Dawn!!!! What will I do when its over!?? 
Just finished editing audio for Dayspring Center &amp; watchin' the Rangers (They lost)  // Now bed!
just finished emailing Ally. Freaked out cuz my grandpa is allergic to iodine and @ the doctors he got some in him. he almost died.     ):
Just finished ending my 4 year relationship....I'm a free women but a broken one too. 
Just finished Fallout 3 - great game! Felt cheated at the end though. I had enough Rad-Away to make it 
just finished flashing the second Solace v4... still a no-go on the boot 
morin' todays gunna be exiting with brother going back to uni so everyone out expept me  ......i see a day of twitter ahead..kx
moring twitted's n twittet's! haha. im at work EXTREMELY bored 
mormin x goin skl in a mo  #stargirlinspace #stargirlinspace #stargirlinspace #stargirlinspace #stargirlinspace #stargirlinspace xxx
morn/afternoon all. hello and thank you to my new followers. wow,what a morn.got rid of 2 wasps that killed my caterpillars 
MORNANG ;) should be a fun day, last few days in college, will miss it!  aha
Mornin all (well afternoon too!) But I think I am going to go bak too sleep. I'm STILL tired 
Mornin' all from a REALLY cold, wet &amp; windy Cumbria. What's with this weather? Global warming my belly button ... More like new Ice Age 
Mornin' all!  Feeling almost normal again today....just in time to mow the lawn....   Supposed to be pretty damn hot later today....
Mornin' didnt get to sleep til like 5  Sooo tired!! Fair was balls yesterday! Rest of day/night was good but!!
Mornin everyone, kind of sad this morn my boobie got locked up 
mornin' everyone. it's Moooondddaaayyyy  lol
mornin must do a few things this mornin then i'll pan out in the sun til i have to go to work 
mornin ppl xP could be a degree warmer outside, still a bit chilly 
Mornin ppl. Pete gone 2 work 2day so now cant do much  Mebbe take the kids for lunch then go down to the park with Mr T n Ewan...
mornin ppls hope u all r doin betta than I am. I jus hopin I don't have to go to the er today 
Mornin tweets, no chester zoo today  looks like house work is on the cards. But not b4 i feed my addiction and join a twibe!
mornin twitter peeps! dark rainy day here today 
mornin twitter, work in 2 hrs 
mornin twitterans.... 2day is gonna b a long day! work til 6 
mornin twitterbugs....had a good night last night at my nephew's graduation..but it went south when i watched the laker gm  but im back!!!
Mornin twitterverse...woke up and still no update 
MORNIN TWITTS! HOME SICK 
mornin way in 2 town to daii w/ Caobz..........cant buy any cds tho 
Mornin ya'll! I overslept, and just barely made my flight. It was a good trip, though I didn't get to see some of my favorite people 
Mornin! Babes hella pissed/hungry! Op. In 2h No food since 9pm! Feel bad fully dug empty can outta recycle lookin @ me like wats good!?! 
mornin! was supposed to go to beach today but daren't  since I lost my meds yesterday 
Mornin'! What do we have on todays agenda? By the way, I still feel crappy 
Mornin. Last day of the long weekend  Gonna make the most of it.
Mornin'. Pray for my kitten - shes gettin declawed today.  I wont see her for 3 days. Gettin rdy to leave, drp her off, &amp; then go to work.
mornin... oh no! r.i.p. J.G. Ballard, one of our greatest ever writers. UK is in deeper trouble without him. &amp; never got to meet him. 
Mornin...The sunshine has gone 
Mornin´ ya´ll..... I am so sad about my BF  I just really can´t understand why I really wanted to go back to him...He will never change!!
Morning - going shopping in a little bit  n then I'm off to a sleepover ski doubt I'll be tweeting agen 
Morning  i'm so sleepy still, but can't sleep 
morning  lotsa cleaning to do today!  and looking after my brother. aparently hes sick....but he looks fine to me!! lol
Morning ! Whoops managed to kill another bloody plant in the garden 
morning !! cant believe my dad will be leaving back to the uk in 2 days ughhh 
Morning #dogwalkers I'm definitely going to need some rain gear today in Lexington 
morning (Y) lucy is off to school 
Morning .. I feel shite, got some serious blisters on my knuckles from boxing.. So painfull 
Morning ... Going to court 
morning @cassandroar you need to ring me about today. goin into college for abit of revision! 
morning @world, child wake's up at 6:50am 
Morning ab workouts are hard. 
Morning after is never festive.  Hungover
morning again and lot to study xam 2mrw  something related to neural networks. hv to find out wat tat is
Morning all - been away in Paris, got ill, French food ain't all that! 
Morning all  Doesn't look like a good day  pissing down with rain. Why couldn't scotland be near the equator?
Morning all  interweb connection borked here...joy! 
morning all - lovely day but i'm back at my desk after a week off  and dort has gone on her first school residential trip to the lakes 
Morning all - miserable day here  - shame the sun didn't follow us back from the west coast ....
Morning all - so m'bro didnt win..  At least they'll play at Ipswich next year
just finished flyering at the Passion Pit show. I could hear them, but i couldn't SEE them! 
Just finished frm the bank, huuufff... walk out frm the bank, am bancrupt cuz of payin the bill.. 
Just finished geometry final, i dont think i did so hot 
Just finished giving a mid-term. So many sad faces. 
Just finished Harry Potter 4. Cedric 
just finished helping jane. i think imma knock out now, toootired.  wedding tmr! woo
Just finished her book and is now bored on the train 
just finished her mid-term, now to get rid of this cold...must stop coughing! 
just finished hit and run by lurlene mcdaniel, every one of her books makes me cry. they're all so sad 
Just Finished house work ahhhh my back hurts 
Just finished inputting final grades... Got a huge amount of sadness suddenly... I have no job again.... 
just finished learning for the frensh test at tuesday.... i hate it soo much 
Just finished load out and got into bed.  Not really sleepy though 
Just finished looong day with kids events...bummed I'm not going to make Maggie and Duc's wedding  Best wishes guys!
just finished lunch break bout to start editing. its very hard to edit w/ only one good arm! only 6 more weeks of this! 
morning all - What a weather her in Amsterdam - so much rain 
Morning all , another sunny day but stuck in the office boooo !!! wish I had taken a holiday 
Morning all ... Wakey uppy time ... Got bunch of sh*** to do today 
Morning all finally slept at 3am  fukin dragons r mean!!
Morning all I have shocked Hubby2Be by being up before 7am! Washing on line, more in, hair wshed &amp; dried now to tackle house 
Morning all I jus woke up :0 feel well lazy  gota go doctors AGAIN with mum she still not well :| hope all yr 11's enjoy their last day !!
morning all it's too sunny to go to work today!!!! RUBISH 
morning all off to Middlesbrough Music Live today, hope it doesn't rain 
morning all off to work 
Morning all off to work today a little earlier  dam that place I have not missed!!!!
morning all still very tired 
morning all what a good day 2day........ But I have to stay in and revise 
Morning all what a weekend, now work 
Morning All!  Up early 2 send the hubby off.  Makin' mornin' shakes &amp; packin' snacks 4 his trip.  I'm gonna miss u  love u @EstebanofFMG
Morning all! 4got charger @ the weekend &amp; my battery didn't last the journey home  looks like I missed alot in twitterland xx
Morning all! I am under strict orders of feet up and knit! Mind you body does not feel like it could do much else  Hope all are well today
morning all! i just had caramel frapuchino and i'm feeling fat now  
Morning all! I'm still tired but my mum won't let me go back in bed! 
morning all! its grey and miserable and VERY windy in Birmingham ... and I suspect the heavens are about to open shortly too 
Morning all! It's raining again. Feeling really fed up today. Don't know what to do with myself. 
Morning all! Just a quick tweet to say that I'm off to the uni, poor me 
Morning all! Maths GCSE later  at least I don't go into school until 1.30!
Morning all! Redoing my YouTube video, because 13 mins is too long 
Morning All! Sat in Normany (France) in 30c sun. Life is good. Back to UK later, 
Morning all! Sorry I havn't been very active on here the past few days... caught up in revision for the Uni exams 
Morning all! Sunny in Beverley but I am in doors studying  Why not pop along to  http://twurl.nl/jet6dk and  http://twurl.nl/qnxexi
Morning all! Today is bright and sunny but I'm surrounded by the dark grey clouds telling me that it aint gonna last. 
Morning all! What a helluva day. Anyone would think it's winter coming in. I miss the sun.  Now, where's ma coffee...
Morning all! Won't be on Twitter much today, got a busy Saturday ahead and crappy reception where I'm going  Hope everyone has a great day
Morning all!!!  Slight hangover 
Morning all!!! I'm off this weekend but I will be doing school work and studying for finals...UGH  So what's everyone else up to today?
morning all!!!! I regret having cut my hair. I regret really very much. I hate my new head. I miss my long hair. 
morning all, 3 days to go on ebay items but no bids  lots of watcher though
morning all, a little undecided on the weather today. really dreading work today  
'Morning' all, argh feels like 6am right now...I hate jet-lag 
Morning all, beautiful day today. so why am I so down 
morning all, im off to work in a bit   LOVE the @brandystrippers card! have a good day girls xxxx
Morning All, I'm up too early for my liking. It would be 12, now it's 6-7. 
morning all, Internet disappeared last night 
Morning all, I've really got to stop drinking 
Morning all, just getting ready for nursery run then prepping for a meeting. Was working till 11.30 last night for it and still not ready 
morning all, loving the sunshine on this monday morning.. but not work 
Morning all, not in the greatest mood atm as i missed my other half on msn 
Morning all, stats revision is what lies ahead . I'm missing The Coopers' gig for this 
Morning all, thunder &amp; lightning this morning, scared the hell out of the cat. Been all rainy since.  I also have a cold or something :@
Morning all, up early again, but the house it quiet so i can watch some recorded TV in peace lol, it grey and miserable outside 
Morning all,, last day of freedom cos it's work 2mo  got some shocks in line 4 the twat boss 
Morning all,got Hemi's party 2day,gonna b bout 20 kids runnin around  joy joy!! At least sun is out so they can go in garden!
Morning all,hope you have a good day. Making my way back up sheffield today... 
Morning all. Another busy day. 
morning all. blue sky and sunny here. I'm up with the girls but feeling like c*** 
Morning all. Feel better this morning. My left eye is quite sore though 
Morning all. Gave the cat his tablet this morning... What a mission that is! He knows what we're up to now and prepares for battle 
Morning all. Had to get up early for a Saturday as I am working today  All I hope is it is going to be a short working day today???
Morning all. I appear to have a bit of a sore head. Perhaps the bag of pork scratchings for dinner wasn't such a good idea 
Just finished lunch! Now back to work 
Just finished lunch, touring Shiner more now. Just wish my hubby felt better. He keeps feeling sick.    i wish we could stay here!
Just finished lunch. im starting Eng now 
just finished lunch...it's kinda a late! @ least i'm eat! 
just finished making baked spring rolls for tomorrow, now im surrounded by the smell of deliciousness and i cant eat any of it yet 
Just finished making brownies. I'm so hungry, must stay away from the chocolate. Very bad... 
Just finished math 2c... 
just finished maths homework (TIRED) 
Just finished me maths exam  and has to go in to school for english  xxxx
Just finished mowing the lawn - the forecast was for heavy rain but it turned out gloriously sunny &amp; hot! Looks like rain now, though 
Just finished my 1000 word book review on To Kill A Mockingbird, now i have to hand write it... stupid teacher. its due tomorrow  cries
Just finished my early breakfast for which I had no appetite. The porridge was tasteless, made me wanna vomit 
JUST finished my english project...now bed. Wake up in two hours... 
Just finished my final research paper and I 'm not to happy I ran low on time and after I turned it in I noticed that I skipped a section 
just finished my first gcse exam. i though id done well, but when i talked to people afterwards, id made a few silly mistakes  woops
Just finished my first match...  I'm going to finish third...
just finished my group's RS presentation. now i'm bored  might go and watch tv or something.
Just finished my last ever full day at school 
Just finished my last music exam.. Happy that I wont do another one ever again, but sad that it's the last day that I get to play the sax 
Just finished my last pack of Nerds. Sad times 
Just finished my math exam it was sooooooooooooooo easy but it was also really long 
Just finished my practice LSAT not to happy with my score  I need to bump it up
Just Finished My Showerr.. I Dont Fell Good..   // @AmandaaDes are we learning together today?
Just finished my sixth may ball of the week. Only one more barber gig before october 
just finished my take home exam, finally! Chem quiz &amp; hw. If u want me to follow u just send me a reply. RIP Bro.Ceci, we'll miss you! 
just finished off the  last of the Hello Kitty birthday cake.. 
just finished one final ; got another one at 10! ..DEF. no sleep! 
Just finished our 2nd fantasy draft. We significantly upgraded our pitching. Now I have a few minutes before turning around for work. 
Morning all. I feel lousy - I didn't sleep all night and felt low 
morning all. i had the most amazing weekend. well now its back to work  boo
Morning all. It's gonna be a busy day today. Back at work after some leave, went by typically fast.  Glad to be back though *grin*
Morning all. Just about survived the weekend. Very sad though as my visitors are leaving me today 
morning all. Little one up at 5:30 but played happily till 7. Early morning wake up came from the cat fighting at 1:30 am 
Morning all. LOOOOONG night, and I have to work in a few hours 
Morning all. Parish announcements: the podcast of @TheEmergency ep 13 should appear tomorrow. Sorry 4 delay, out of our control  #emer
Morning all. Playing catch-up today on all the little jobs that got pushed out all week. Not looking forward to it 
morning all. sunburn is getting better but its still a killer. and it hates hot showers  xx
morning all. supposed to be the last day of the warm weather today 
Morning all. The water heating's packed up, so i can't have a bath. I REALLY want a bath! 
Morning all. Train was late, now on the bus.. I hope I have enough time to get a coffee. I wish work would give me a parking space. 
Morning all. Zonked out early again last night 
Morning all.. very quiet here in Dudley today Im the only one in the office 
Morning All...  I think Gmail has abandoned the SMS text message feature recently in chat.  can't chat with Blair as easily now
Morning all... Bid on a 2009 Grey's Anatomy Calendar last night. Thought it finished in 7 hrs... turns out it's in 7 days  Grrr...
morning all... looks like its gonna be a rainy day 
Morning all....its raining  
morning all...sad the Indians lost, but still gonna support my boys in Cleveland 
Morning all: Looks like no Nintendo Gameboy phone 
morning already 
Morning and yet again someone is mowing their lawn  help
Morning another day of work and no play 
Morning back to work today 
morning Bandung! As much as i love the city, i don't like the hotel i'm staying in, uncomfy 
Morning breath! 
Morning chalk art festival downtown but I'm pulling a double at la airport.  super sad face!
Morning comes too soon.... 
Morning every1, I'm up! Gettin ready for work.. It going to b a long day! 
morning every1. where has the nice weather gone  getting ready for work, busy day 2day.
morning everybody! Just watching Sonny With a Chance for the first time lol. Got work later  I wanna day off to enjoy the sun! xoxo
just finished packing  good byee ameriicaa lol see you in a few weeks
just finished packing about to take a nap cuz it looks like its about to start storming again  no beach today
just finished packing things that I'll be bringing with me to the boarding house. I'll be moving in 3 days. 
just finished packing up, leaving at 6am 
just finished packing....i guess we can say i'm a PROCRASTINATOR!! oh well...going 2 bed...no sleep in 24 hours  hav 2 get up @7...
just finished painting her toes because she can never seem to make time to get a proper pedicure.... 
just finished playing guitar hero for like an hour with jmac.......... my fingers hurt 
just finished pretending to be Fanta Girl while singing in the rain and riding a Cat Tran to nowhere...I'm going to miss Tucson 
just finished putting together my last piece of furniture. A piece is on upside down and I cut my arm. 
Just finished Quantum Leap Season 5, after months of waiting to get the last disc.  One of the best shows ever...
Just finished readin Burned by: Ellen Hopkins. Such a sad endin I actually cried lol. But now I can't sleep cause of the sadness 
just finished reading Before I Die. bless your soul tessa, see you on the other side 
Just finished reading New Spring: The Novel. Prequel to the Wheel of Time books.  Pretty good. No Tam sadly  .   http://bit.ly/30LgN
Morning everyone *yawn* back to work until 4pm  hope other people have better days planned?
Morning everyone .. am thinking whather i go to college today or not!! I have lots of things to do 
Morning everyone ... anyone wanna swap with me? I go to bed again and this other someone will go to work for me? ;) Sooo tired! 
Morning everyone what you all doing today i got do more  homework 
Morning everyone! :-D  not in a good mood right now...my cat decided to wake me up at 5:30...then i had to get up at 7...TIRED!! 
Morning everyone! actually Good afternoon! hahaha...just got up. gotta get ready for work 
morning everyone! how y'all doing? back to the exhibition hall another day of missing the sunshine 
Morning everyone! I had the MOST restless sleep of my life last night! I hate that... 
Morning everyone! I'm still dealing with the unnecessary meetings and I can't find any time to code. I miss coding 
Morning Everyone! I'm very sad looking at the pics of the SGC sets being changed, I'm looking forward to SGU but the SGC was special 
Morning everyone! Off to the dentist and not looking forward to it. Every time I go it is worse news at the state of my rubbish teeth 
morning everyone! what a beautiful friday and i have to work!! 
Just finished reading the Darren Shan books, powerful stuff, time for work now 
just finished reading the last twilight book... WOW! it was amazing... i dont know what im gonna do now without edward... 
Just finished SAT2s! hope I broke 700 at leeast 
just finished saying bye to mom n dad ON THE PHONE coz im at ca mp meeting and could not send them off in person 
Just finished saying goodbye to mrs.a  now I'm home waiting for my sister to get here so we can go to the outlet mall. NO MORE SCHOOL!!!!!
just finished season 1 of veronica mars. man I did'nt expect the end. I hate how I get into most of the good shows after they're canceled 
Just finished seeing Bill Paxton. He confirmed no True Lies 2 
just finished setting up my 5.1 Sound system for my comp! @Grooveshark if only you were in 5.1 
Just finished several hours in excel. Edit  requests will come 
just finished soccer training  sooo tired.
just finished some more designs.... a long day at the computer  but good work good work.....
just finished spanish provincial but I can't leave for another hour  gym time after!
morning everyone!!! just woke up,going to work out soon..i wish i could stay more minutes in bed 
morning everyone, a new day of working on the 2do list. still ill so I can't go outside anyways 
Morning everyone, eating some porage then off to school later 
morning everyone, feel ill today really ill. 
Morning everyone. I just lost my job. What now??? 
Morning everyone. On my way to the gym nice and early. Snow possible this morning in Chicago. 
Morning everyone. On my way to work. 
morning everyone. Won't be able to really play for the next week. I'm having to bus it to work and have to leave earlier 
Morning everyone.. 
Morning everyone.. Off to conference. Totally killed my eye today in basic mascara wand in the eye. Literally. Slipped. Ouch 
Morning folks 7.00 am ..yawn! Up &amp; away to see to horses - hope Twitter is better behaved today!  Last night was a travesty 
Morning folks! LA traffic to work  listening to Mario - Break up this goes sooo hard 2 me
Morning followers! Finally changed my Twitter name...only a day after I originally said I would Haha. Can't film today.  Will try tomorrow
Morning from the con.  #penguicon that is.  My day is so full. Tweets from the field all day long.  Wil Wheaton cancelled.   feel better.
morning got a error to solve  DDoS attack !! attacked on  gateways ..solving continuous calls from customer care people
just finished swim lessons w/ toddler. surprisingly lots of progress in 1 wk. baby is sick &amp; on 3rd hr of morning nap 
Just finished taking world geograhy final!!! I think I did bad!!!! 
Just finished talkin to my mom for like 3 hrs. Im goin to really miss my family once im bak n dallas for good 
Just finished talking to Jordan. I miss my cousins. 
Just finished talking to my cousin. I miss them. 
just finished technology presentation to the summer institute of Southeastern Louisiana Writing Project. Blackboard went down 
Just finished the AP US entrance essay, now bored and really not wanting to study for Math  Though I need an 'A' ):
just finished the CET-6 exam  not so bad.complain about the hot weather again 
Just finished The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. I don't want to work tomorrow 
Just finished the exam :| je tres difficile  agh, its all rainy and wet..
Just finished the first week of the new job, all going well so far. Don't have internets at home until 3rd of July though 
Just finished the flashgame, finishing the websites and the movie now ... I'm so fed up with this schoolstuff allready 
just finished the fourth season of how i met your mother  what am i going to do nowwww
Just finished the good/fun part of my weekend now in santa barbara now off to the hard/sad part of my weekend in LA!  I hate this stuff!
Just finished the last assignment I had to do. My room smells like paint now 
just finished the last episode of Bones. Booth: &quot;who are you&quot;?. THEY CAN'T END IT LIKE THAT! 
Just finished the last episode of Pushing Daisies  I'm gonna need a pick-me-up.
morning headache 
morning honeies - not fcuking happy, brothers flight cancelled 
Morning hope you had a good nights sleep..............i didn't.....just couldn't fall assleep 
morning insomnia is starting to get the better of me. should be interesting since I start my 5PM-2:30AM shift tonight. 
Morning Jakarta ! Morning Indonesia ! HOAMMMM! starts with EXAM (AGAIN) !fiuhhhhh 
morning lovers! have 3 blisters on one foot and 2 on other...ran without socks this morning 
Morning lovers...been up since 3:30 with monkey boy...he REFUSES to take his damn medication so I can sleep. 
Morning minions, starting the day with a very sore foot, all burnt and slimy  from walking 2 miles in them in the sun yesterday (Dumbass)
Morning morning morning!  Mommy let us out and then wouldn't let us back in to the bedroom to play. 
Morning Morning my twit babes!! So hungry ans about 2 get ready 4 work...i got on my computer 2 c if i got bak my music &amp; I didnt. 
Morning my fellow twitts..x.. just got into work... not in the best of moods.. hopefully that'll change 
morning New Yorkers. Ugggh, haven't been sleeping properly since last friday  movies w/ rayan nd co tonight. YEAR ONE yo - over nd owt
morning off to school with my brother im gonna walk down the school road alone after half term  ! ! !
morning off to skool headteacher in 2 of our lesson im not trusted 
morning peeps! or shld i say afternoon lol ive been up since 12, but still. Last nite was gr8!i wana go 2 s'end again but gem is not free 
Just finished the Lost Finale. Wasn't as many cliffhangers as I thought. No Desmond sightings. 
Just finished the reset for the AB Penny Sale...gotta be back in less than 12 hours 
Just finished the third season of heroes totally expecting to go on to the fourth tonight   Anyone know when season 4 starts? #heroes
just finished the weights. my arms ache so much i can barely lift a thing.  -via www.isip.ph
Just finished the whole DragonBall Z saga - that took far too long, IMO. AND THE ENDING WAS STUPID. 
Just finished this massive clean up of the whole house. Its sunny out &amp; its proably like 2 degrees 
just finished todays exams  really annoyi9ng 4.5hrs of exams 
just finished top gear. We are off to a great season!! To bad it's gonna be just 7 episodes 
Just finished tuition. Mr ho was basically shouting at me 
just finished two more headshots...nobody wants a fantasy portrait anymore? 
Just finished up a seminar on water waste replication  . Updating the site later
just finished up the cutest AI2 4 baby Morgan. so excited. gotta make more... mayB l8er. got a belly ache ATM.  Anxious 4 dyed OBV 2morra
Just finished Wanted, bit of a grind towards the end. Could of done with more variations of enemies. Always the same three animations 
just finished washing a big pile of dirty laundry, gotta pack for the trip to langkawi later and my is body is aching 
Morning people! It's 12am and I STILL haven't gotten my JB CD! 
morning people! up and about..missed breakfast..again  ah well..on with this strange phenomenon they call studying..
morning people.. i´m bad today 
morning prayers &amp; Mass...missing Jason.  Can't wait to be married &amp; together every day!
Morning prayers, Mass and donuts.  The only thing missing is Jeanine.  Can't wait until we can be together every morning!
Morning Rise &amp;&amp; Shine 0r Should I Say Rise &amp;&amp; Rain..Smh iM Still SicK  Heyyyy what's up ? @deedarling
morning starts with a flat phone - no alarm!! - why did it not charge?? Anyway, rush to first meeting..... thankfully no 8am telco today 
morning sucks  way to cloudy not my fav
morning sunshine. i had breakfast with my own self 
Morning Sweetheart! You're totally right about that, it was nightmare, but it still felt amazing to be with him  Hope u have a GREAT day!
Morning Tewwties! Another rubbish nights sleep  Everyone good 2day? x
Morning time for me. Just woke up! Going to have morning coffee. The weather is so BAD!  I don't like it... Hope you have a good day!
Morning to all! Hope its a nicer day where you are compaired to here. It's going to rain all day and the next 2 days. 
Morning to everybody. Slept like a baby, 9hr straight and overslept the alarm. Great start of the day 
just finished washing the dog... now my sleeves are all wet 
Just finished Watching &quot;Brooklyn Dodgers: The Ghost of Flatbush&quot;  It's a tear jerker 
Just finished watching &quot;My Sassy Girl&quot; with my boyfriend 
just finished watching &quot;Sad Movie&quot; 
just finished watching a Galactica on the mythtv box when it died a sudden and unexpected death 
Just finished watching a scary movie with Jason. Then he passed out &amp; abandoned me while I'm still wide awake... 
Just finished watching 'Chuck and Larry'- cracking film! Adam Sandler is a comical genious! Forgot to call @elliemcfly  again  
Just finished watching Gran Torino.....OMG  
Just finished watching 'Marley &amp; Me'... sniff sniff  
just finished watching Mei-chan no Shitsuji episode 8! 2 more episodes and I'm done! I'm gonna miss Shibata Rihito 
Just finished Watching Notorious Big  it's a sad movie
Morning traffic jam ...  how much I love canada 
morning tweepies! Lotsa work to do today 
Morning tweeple. Hows everyone today? I'm busy as allways 
Morning tweeple. Today I hope not to loose my mind as I am stuck in the hotel as I don't have a car today 
Morning Tweeples! How is everyone? Did some rearranging in my bedroom yesturday, got some homework to do today 
morning tweeps! school.  but.. JB and demi is here in london woohoo!! transformers premiere today!! yayyy! but which one do i go to? help.
Morning Tweeps! Was gonna have a lie in today then my mum rang and woke me up!  So I'm watching Jeremy Kyle with a cuppa tea!!
Morning tweeps! What u all doing? I have a very saw throat this morning 
Morning tweeps, todays exams are Chemical and Indonesian's shit for chemical wish me luck then 
Morning tweeps.slept thru 2 alarms didn't quite make it 2 the 6am yoga class. But its cool I did some here. I really need hardwood floors 
Just finished watching season 3 of Avatar  it's so sad...there were quiet a few tear jerking moments...
just finished watching selena the movie so sad   
Just finished watching SYTYCD and agreed with Ashley going home but not Max  ...should have been Kupono
just finished watching SYTYCD... wish i was on the show 
Just finished watching Taken, 1 more hour till I have to get ready for work.  Thinking I might clean up a bit.  I hate the night shift 
Just finished watching the Celebrity Apprentice! The Donald got it wrong and chose to keep Joan Rivers over Jesse James!  Bad choice!!
just finished watching the curious case of benajmin button...oh em gee can someone hand me a box of tissues please  
Just finished watching The Dark Knight on Blu-Ray.  Dang.  Poor Heath.  
Just finished watching the last ever episode of The West Wing. Feel a little upset now, has been a part of my life for the last 6 months. 
Just finished watching the Sunday morning talk shows, and getting ready to do some &quot;gotta make a living&quot; work  
just finished watching The Wrestler.  Boy what a dystopic vision of what its like to be a washed up, emotionally autistic wrestler. Awful 
MORNING TWEET LAND...... BACK IN WORK AFTER BEEN OFF FOR 10 DAYS, I'VE GOT SO MUCH TO GET TRU 
morning tweetez! Long nite! &amp;&amp; I didn't make it to church  the suns not even shining! 
Morning Tweethearts!!!!!  T.G.I.F!!!!!!!  What's on yall agenda????  Wish I was goin to Miami too....  
morning tweeties happy monday  having a nice quiet day before work
Morning TWEETS !! Only had less than 2hours sleep  -- Ready to get my exam over and done with !! TTYL !  x's http://mypict.me/2lv9
Morning Tweets!  At work...blah!  It's raining so being inside is okay.  One of our box holders passed away.    He was about 80 though.
morning Tweets! on the road AGAIN later...8 hrs. 
Morning tweets, in work now and it's really quiet let's see what fin jobs we have today then 
morning tweets, well i've got into work on a bright sunny day what a shame i have to work! 
Morning tweets... Off to the gym, hurt my leg sleeping 
Morning tweetworld! Hope everyone is welll! My days are so packed right now that I rarely get a minute to jump on here! 
just finished watching why why love, and needs to watch something new 
Just finished watching Year One... Utterly disappointed 
Just finished weeding the flower bed. Why is it the weeds grow so well but legitimate plants hate me?  
just finished work and thinking that i really wanna travel around &quot;most&quot; the world lol...i can only dream  x
Just finished work nd now waiting in the freezing cold drinking a mango magic, haha FAIL T.T mama, wheree are yu ? I'm cold 
Just finished work whoop maths revision to doo !! 
just finished work, but am now not tired. at all. my body hurts-flu hurty  could just be the flu injection i got yesterday. not swine.
Just finished work, my feet hurrry! 
Just finished work. Going shopping 
Just finished working @ Maxledendag, nothing better than dealing with senior citizens all day  glad that's over with!!!
Just finished working at 2:00 am 
Just finished working in the yard 
just finished working out, now I gotta go job hunting 
Just finished working. Have to go back at 3 30 
Just finished writing and posting an obituary for a Ferion player. Oh the fun life of a MMOG developer/admin 
Just finished writing my last paper for my AI class.  Unfortunately, it is also 4:24 AM. 
Morning Twicks! Household chores are finito, now time to do my take home final! 
Morning twiggas...my legs hurt soooo bad I couldnt even sleep!! 2much dancin and dropping last night 
morning twiitts! - gettin ready class at 830  den spendin my WHOLE afternoon at hackensack university hospital &gt;:O ahhhh* wen will dis END
Morning twiterites! I hope you all had a wonderfull evening last night. I toked hash and bud all afternoon and passed out before 9:30! 
morning twities! beautiful day so can head for la right now. just heard of an event. so mad! missed out on quality time 
morning twits! i been bad - not updating    well here i am!
Morning Twits!!  Cravin ihop pancakes as my starter today but there's no ihop in midtown   hmmm I guess eggos will have to do.
Morning twits, another day another...long day  keep it real.......
Morning twitter bugs! At work today my back is killing me   just when I thought I would get out of here early the work load hit! Blah
Morning Twitter Loves, Last nights workout is havin me hurtin today  Workin til 4. Ugh!
morning twitter peeeps, i finally got to sleep last night, feeling a little ill today, thats no gooooooood !! 
morning twitter world. absolutely knackered today didnt sleep much 
Morning Twitter! - Not feeling too hot this morning  hopefully I can get through the first half of the day and then go home and sleep! ...
Just finished! But @thenameisTraci is only in there like once 
Just finishes watching B.O.F. So sad I can't believe Jun-pyo forgot about Jan-di 
just finishing a math paper. awful, i hate math and it hates me too!!! God heeeeeelp me 
Just finishing up a training in ca-realizing I need a REAL vacation. 
Just finnished reading chapter 1. It was very good, keeps you on edge and makes u want to read on.However I am too tired to read any more 
just fired up the laptop to &quot;failed to connect to services&quot;  same as last week. Looks like rolling back to Vista till RC 
Just fitted a pole dancing pole for my daughter (apparantly its &quot;good exersise&quot;) and it's made me feel old and grumpy 
Just fixed my crushed home PC...but lost some invaluable docs. (daughter's Pics n others) 
Just flew my first 2.4 hours of B-747 time from the right seat (actual, non-sim) between ORD-HNL.     Then woke up 
Just flopped a royal in spades, but no high-hand jackpot, 
Just flunked that test, and there is a bead stuck in my ipod whole meant for my headphones. Lovin' life right now 
Just fnshd wtchn PS I LOVE U, i havnt cried sooooo much in sooooo long  Besst movie ever!
Just folded washing  GAY
Just followed back a bunch of my followers, because twimailer hasn't been sending me emails. 
Morning twitter! Another sunny day. Although, someone told me the sunny spell will be over tomorrow  please tell me this isn't true!
morning twitter! chemistry exam today  then only one left then off to malia!!!!!!!!!
Morning Twitter! Guess who's coming to town: My mom! Yep, so I have to clean up in the 1/2 hr I have before classes. Oh and no more futon 
Morning twitter! I have been neglecting you! I'm sorry 
morning twitter!!!! ok i gotta go to work  someone please come take my spot!!!
Morning twitter, just got out of shower and im cold 
Morning twitter, just woke and I have a stupid headache that won't go away  good luck for Bash tonight xD hopefully he'll do like Kriss.
Morning twitter. I soooo dont wanna get out of bed 
Morning Twitter. It's spitty raining  summer has disappeared!
Morning twitter. I've already been up for two hours. Isn't that horribly sad?  Have a fantastic hot day. I know I'll be bitching nonstop.
Morning twitter. Today is day 9. There are 3 more days to go. I am so beat.  make sunday get here sooner please.
Morning twitterers! Yesterday summery, today cold  Sinus pain has caused face to swell, can barely see out of right eye  need chocolate!
morning twitterers...its such a gloomy and grey day today 
Morning Twitterland  Feeling exhausted after dealing with a bull last night. Can't wait for that T-Bone steak I told him he's giving me.
morning twitterland, just woken up + feel really stiff + sore coz wore (small) heels y'day + not used to them  Usually wear my fitflops...
Morning twitterland...Happy fraking Monday!  
morning twitterrrr! not looking forward to today, head manager is in at work,training due in and lots of errands  have a better day guys x
Just for the record, Brokeback Mountain was a terrible movie.
just fought with my dad. gosh , feeling damn terrible now. 
just found @NajwaShihab and @KaniaSW on twitter.. men, how i envy their job.. 
Just found a burrito in my car. It's hard 
just found a dead cat 
Just found a flat tire on my car, will be late 4 work 
Just found a great job! I'll apply straight away! wait...Closing date...5 hours ago 
Just found a hole in her pink leggings! 
just found a pot noodle in the cupboard &amp; laziness took over, it was tikka masala &amp; so gross i'm going to have to make something anyway 
Just found a tick....   X€     
Just found an awesome website with NYX cosmetics which does international shipping but the cost of shipping is way too expensive 
Just found I could visit my blog with a proxy sever, but couldn't publish anything still, even a notice. 
Just found I work 8 am-11pm on my 21st bday 
just found link-spam on vox through twitter  I guess they're not as immune as I thought.
Just found mold on one of my strawberries. Have to throw the whole packet out 
Just found my dream guitar. Not that i could play it 
Just found my old Geocities email... WHAT!! Too bad I can't log in 
just found my phone! yay! haha i was about to go into epileptic shock or something from being without it so long 
just found one of the most poisonous snakes in central america outside my front door. now questioning my choice to go to the tropics 
Just found out @TeamCivet is opening for Social D here, and I'm not going to be home!!  If it had been ONE DAY later, I could have gone.
Morning twitters!! Happy Monday! Gotta go to the dentist today! Ugh 
morning twitters, happy monday 
Morning twitters, late up for me today    hey, where the sun gone.... Grrrrrrrr
Morning twitters. Another dull, grey day  a day in the beer garden, is out of the question.
Morning Twitterverse! Getting myself ready for a long and rainy day, pretty crappy weather out there compared to the weekend! 
Morning twitterville.... Still battling a sinus headache  its tryna take ya girl DOWN man smh.. My HIM is comin 2 make me feel betta :-D
morning twittters ! no photoshoot today instead working that 9-5  . can't wait til the day comes that im getting paid to do something i &lt;3
Morning twittz 
Morning twittz;......damn I don't wanna get up for work! I just wanna lay here, listen to the rain and sleep 
Morning twitz! Stupid jury duty today  there has to be a way out of this....
Morning UNITED KINGDOM ;) Goshhh where has the sun gone   you better come back ready for summer 09! x
Morning vryonee! My eyes r still very heavy. I want to sleep more mum  http://myloc.me/2Ke4
Morning what I suprise I have another headache  it's getting beyond a joke now!! Wish I could have Been there last note gonna watch vids
Morning why do u come so soon  ughhhh. God is great and greatly to be praised!!!!
Morning world - just a bit late up affrer my latish night (by my usual standards anyway)! Doesn't feel very sunny either 
Morning World  sun not so shiny in Somerset today 
Morning world! Been a week now and I still have lips full of cold sores 
Morning world! First official day of my holidays! And to celebrate, I'm off to work this afternoon  But going to Nadee's after!
Morning world! Now I have to go to work  hopefully my hangover doesn't kick in till 4 o'clock
Morning world! Up early to take Claire to work 
Just found out a family friend's dog died, like, an hour ago.  So sad!  
Just found out a friend got divorced as a result of the excessive hours put in as a comic book artist. She's a needy 4-color mistress 
Just found out a friends dog died. Vale Gryphon 
Just found out a very good friend of mine died  RIP Charlotte x
Just found out about the news. 
just found out about the ResPrep Homework...  http://plurk.com/p/xfq8a
Just found out Ashley Tisdale's Limited Edition CD's release date has been pushed back to 28th July 
Just found out Brownie chewed up my new flip-flops  I thought this chewing phase was over.
just found out cant get a new phone until july 11th 
Just found out from reading the Fuqua alumni magazine that someone from my class passed away unexpectedly - no info though  sad
just found out he didnt get the job at the Waldorf Hotel  oh and that his work is doing all sorts of illegal things
Just found out his iPhone 3GS was in Sylmar at 5:55 am on it's way to Jeffrey's work. I'll see it Sunday tho 
just found out horrible news!  the last words he said to me was &quot;goodbye my little cowgirl&quot; :'-(
Just found out I can't do AX this year. Yay college trips 
Just found out I can't drink at this bar! Booo missing e1 at palomino's! No cheers sad face 
just found out i can't get twitter on my phone 
Just found out I can't go to Warped this Summer. I'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled the day before. 
just found out I have fallen arches and need to stop wearing flip flops and going barefoot.  
Just found out i have sprained my wrist  only advantage is i cant write so hmewrk cnt be done ;DD
Just found out I might be doing a gig on the day of my GCSE Biology Exam. In the hall. Which means I wont be able to set up in the day! 
just found out I uploaded the wrong pic to twitpic last night  
Just found out I was facesquated. All because of Facebook disabling my account a day before the namegrab and making me create a new one. 
just found out I won't be tweeting from ,my phone in Scotland, different networks    I was going to upload photos to twitpic, sorry
Just found out I won't get my car til Monday or Tuesday  Was hoping for a weekend of driving! Never mind, will save on petrol/insurance
just found out Ian left The Cab.... 
Just found out I'm going upstate saturday 
morning world. I feel pretty good. I slept for 9 hours til 10:30pm, then another 5 or so til now. Boyf woke up with an upset tummy tho. 
MORNING WORLD. OPENING DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RAIN IN TEH FORCAST 
morning yall ... my belly button hurts  oww
Morning yall frustrated I can't put the stuff on my tattoo need some assistance. 
Morning y'all! New bed being delivered today. Girls are loaded with the cold and miss their daddy 
morning yall! off to school soon 
Morning ya'll! On my way to rspi (again) huuuuffft 
morning y'all. away to get ready for my cello lesson in school. i'm dreading it... 
Morning!   Time to get ready for work. bummer 
Morning! Am at work today 
Just found out I'm meant to be working at eight  its five to and I'm still in my jammies ffs
just found out im moving to moreno valley california! should i be worried? 
just found out it will be another week before my car is fixed. my poor lil Civ 
Just found out it's a bank holiday today - no money, no library for computer access...it's official, god hates me 
Just found out it's going to be another week, maybe even two before i get my bike  Been neglecting twitter of late. Birthday a week friday
Just found out it's gonna cost $400 to fix my car. 
Just found out Jesse is moveing to Texas...     hes my best friend of 7 years my Drumer for 6 months... Im going to miss you Captan!
just found out Josh's game is in the morning but i hv class...boo hoo. 
just found out last nite that my stepdad went to jail for 6 months  I feel bad, but we knew it was coming. Still sucks!
Just found out Lee an Ling admitted crossing into North Korea illegally, an accepted the 12 yrs. Hard labor!!!! F****k DaAaaat!!!! 
Just found out Monday is a holiday. Bugger. One *more* day before money transfers between accounts  Why does it takes three working days?!
Just found out my #fallout3 autosave is corrupt and my game is all messed up. 
Just found out my Aunt Carla is in hospital with 2 broken ankles and had to have surgery   Now i'm sad to be so far away
Just found out my best friend/sister of all time is moving to Texas during New Years. Been crying all night 
just found out my besties not coming home for summer after all!! this sooo sucks i miss her sooooo much!!!!!!!!! 
just found out my boss is flying to the L.A. premiere of tranny 2 rotf  i wanna go!!!!
Just found out my car isn't going to be cheap to fix... 
Just found out my cousin was on that DC Metro train that crashed yesterday...R.I.P i'm off TWITTER for a while 
Just found out my girl is a fake yankees fan 
Just found out my grandfather has Alzheimers and has been having hallucinations.  weak.    *sigh*
Just found out my grandmother had a stroke this morning 
Just found out my kitty isn't pregnant  its a good thing though, we are going to adopt one instead 
just found out my lil bro was taken to hosp thismornin. dunno whats up with him but the doc called last night an said he had to go up ldn 
Just found out my little girl's got a perforated ear drum   No more waking her up with an airhorn then
Just found out my little niece had to go to the hospital with a very high fever and convulsions. Apparently has the flu  poor Itzy.
Just found out my server was down last night.... not good 
Just found out my sister is leaving the UK on 27th June, so only 3 weeks available to see her before she heads to Oz. Come over all sad 
Just found out my UBD Moneymaker theme feerburner widget has not been working  E-mail is publicized and not sure what's wrong
Morning! Bundled up in my robe and slippers..wtf its freezing out 
Morning! did you know that the guy who did the voice of mickey mouse has died ?  xx
morning! don't feel like packing my bag for school...i'll have to i'm afraid 
Morning! I'm not feeling very well, my throat hurts really bad 
Morning! I'm walking to beach again this morn to make the most of the sun b4 it disappears. Gotta walk past shop with lovely shoes again 
Morning! Is the sun gonna shine today? Do hope so, otherwise it's that huge pile of ironing 
MORNING! Its rainy today  Got work at 9. Really should get ready. Where has all the sunshine gone? Have a good day. Nancy xx
Morning! I've been going for 3 hours now &amp; just getting around to having my first cup of tea -DD woke up w/a fever  just a virus #flylady
Morning! Jst sat duin college work yet agen. No1 is on facebook haha rather boring 
Morning! Just woke up and going to have a lazy day and maybe later go job hutting  How boring is life when theres nothing to do?
Morning! Oh my eyes r so itchy from hayfever  not good! X
Morning! Robert pattinson has been hit by a taxi 
morning! still cloudy today so once again no beach  boo! now getting ready to go out with mum and sis 
morning! still tired  want more sleep but im going to a work meeting with my mum :-/
Morning! Sunny today aswell. But stuck inside today with 30 teens. 
Just found out my work does not give raises.  I have wasted a year and three months here and got a promotion... Lame.
Just found out NIN/J. Addiction is not coming to DC/Va...just MD  what a bummer.  Maybe next time...
just found out one of my best friends is moving to Haiti, I gonna MISS you BROOKE!!! 
Just found out one of the courses i was supposed to teach this summer was cancelled this because not enough students signed up 
just found out one of the horses at the barn died last night....poor guy was only 8 
Just found out politics isn't due til the exam. Screw working on that, paying attention to litrad now! I'm so boring 
just found out she is working this Sat. 
Just found out she isnt getting her direct messages on twitter...sorry I'm not ignoring anyone 
Just found out some depressing news!  Thats going to ruin my night well morning!
Just found out some truly tragic news. Really puts the small bumps in perspective. 
Just found out someone has been logging in to my email account.....dunno what they are looking for...I only have random emails and spam 
Just found out someone I'm interested in is married 
Just found out someone in my family was dying only to get a phone call 20 minutes later to find out she already passed 
just found out that @taylorswift13 has a show in Portland the same weekend i'm there! no more tickets though! slap in the face, much? 
Just found out that a Dutch client wants to pre-maturely end one of the devlopment contracts 
Just found out that a friend was arrested for mortgage fraud. 
Just found out that a guy i went on a date with is joining the army. Oh my goshh..  But i respect his decision 100%
Just found out that Band of Brothers Blu-Ray was on sale for $27 on Barnes &amp; Noble online today...but too late, it's expired 
just found out that because of the weather, day 1 of my softball tournament is cancelled so im not going to Jersey till Sunday 
Just found out that family members four hours of photo taking only saved on! The camera was either off or faulty. They aren't happy 
just found out that farrah fawcett just died so sad 
Just found out that glue is made from cows and horses. 
just found out that hannah isnt going to be in the Gold Class Cinemas!!! im not happy 
just found out that Hannah Montana the Movie will be shown here in the Philippines on JUNE 3.. 
Just found out that I got exams in History n Philosophy, n Politics n Human rights... Sort of sad  But also sort of glad 
Just found out that I have dextroscoliosis.  so, that's the reason why my back aches.
Morning! The Boy decided he wanted to get up at 5:30 - just that bit *too* early for me! 
Morning! The concerts at the beach were �ber fun. Back hurts from standing in the sand so long tho 
Morning! The weather's been so good! How many of you are able to work outside?! Unfortunately I can't really 
Morning! Time to go home today  been a great weekend here in the new forest.
Morning! Todays gonna be boring. No doubt. I'll end up watching millions of movies like I did yesterday. Yes I am that boring. 
morning! ughh i had the worst nightmares lastnight 
Morning! Up since 7 
Morning! Was meant to be watching my friends do the Race for Life today but still feeling ill 
morning!! i feel awesome today! yeahh!! (i feel bad too for not Tweeting last night..  )
Morning!! The weather is actually horrible outside today - its pouring down with rain 
MORNING!!! Good im bloody knackered!!! Work is not for me today  HELPPP!!!! xxx
Morning!!! I want the new @pocketgod update!!! 
Morning!Although I feel realllllly tired  want to go back to bed! Need more sleep,but I have hatched up a plan to get this costume...hahah
Morning!Haven't been about because our internet is playing up &amp; TwitterBerry is still kaput on my phone  Boo!
Morning, #squarespace? How was your weekend? Today's rainy. 
morning, again. school tomorrow 
Morning, bit cloudy at mo, hoping for sun later. Rain forecast for weekend, typical  Murray on about 4pm, hope he doesn't choke.
morning, crazy hair, toast, work 
Just found out that I have to wait 'til August to see &quot;Up&quot; here. 
Just found out that I only have four Firefly episodes left. I'm very sad 
Just found out that I will be missing out on the premiere of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen 
Just found out that I'm getting 4 fillings tomorrow.  Ugh.
Just found out that in america (&amp; other places) they sell mashed potato @ kfc. Shocking :O! I want mashed potato from kfc  St00pid england
Just found out that Mad Men season 3 is delayed until August. 
just found out that my 10 page paper is actually 12.    here we go: 0 of 12...
Just found out that my bartender at my pub has left to Dublin. He took care of me &amp; saved my life many times. I'm bummed to lose him. 
Just found out that my dog was born may 18th 2003. And she's from Missouri so she is 42 years old now. We never celebrated her bd before 
just found out that my favourite fic only has 2 chapters left 
Just found out that my friend Bobby that I worked with in Chicago and Tokyo in my nightclub days died last night. Sad.  RIP Bobby.
Just found out that my high school band director quit... And his last concert was today 
just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs &amp; is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard! 
Just found out that my sis isn't coming home from the hospital until Tuesday! Ughh! 
just found out that one of my friends has Graves Disease 
Just found out that our van won't be ready til tomorrow. Which means we won't be getting to Creation until late late Wed. 
Just found out that people using Internet Explorer can't read my blog... at least not past the first page. Some sort of coding issue..  
Just found out that the electric was out at our house for days due to storms. Kittez ok but we lost all of our food. 
just found out that the last Titanic survivor died yesterday  I goggled her not long ago before she died and it's just awfully sad
Just found out that Tony Soprano's character is racist. I'm so hurt. Watching all this time and just finding out. What a shame.  
just found out that two of my favourite shows were cancelled 
Just found out that we have to give away our puppy to people who can take care of it. Im okay but my sister is not. 
just found out that you got a free milkshake if you went into the ChickFilA in my hometown and said BREAKDANCE! Darnit! I missed it! 
Just found out the CNN bureau in Boston doesn't have interns... 
just found out the fish died.. it's become a dark day. 
just found out the in laws read my blog...how embarassing! 
Just found out the worst thing today 
Just found out there's a cap on the bandwidth... and that it was exceeded over the last 3 months. Gonna have to start tracking downloads 
Just found out this will be the last season of &quot;Monk&quot; - totally bummed  
Morning, had a good night yesterday on onm, with the onm fm going on. Great laugh in off topic. Today theres nothing going on 
morning, i dont even have to be up this early but i am :| exam this afternoon  failure.
morning, i feel like a truck ran over me several times 
Morning, I have cramps 
Morning, i have such a headache!! 
morning, not feelin tOo good this morning 
Morning, off to de-rig and get out all day in the rain now!  Nice 
Morning, the weather today looks awful 
morning, time to make the cake.. and coffee. I'm still sleepy.  Hope you have an awesome day! &lt;3
morning, today is cloudy and rainy  Michigan, where's the sunshine???
Morning, wok eup too early 
Morning. A night of uncontrollable coughing and spluttering from my #mancold has left me feeling mildly bewildered. Yay. 
just found out we don't have venturers this week  i was looking forward to ice skating. ah well, i'll organise it next term myself
Just found out we will have to move  Very frustrated!
Just found out what #lofnotc stands for and i must admit tht i'm part of this unfortunate movement... 
Just found out why not to leave a new car battery in a trunk in 90+ degree heat...my Nike Slingshot 5 iron and PW are now rusted 
Just found out you can't play Spymaster because it's servers are currently unable to reach Twitter. So, if Twitter is down that game too 
just found out: all my followers are robots. 
Just found Supaman High by R. Kelly on #midomi Ultra for iPhone. http://bit.ly/18AEIy  beat had such potential... 
just found that last fm is no longer free radio! My &quot;free trial has expired&quot;! shame 
just found the house we bid on on an auctino site 
Just found this http://bit.ly/mrLkE (made in 2008) is my new logo too close? http://bit.ly/bDLoI Amd here I thought i was being original 
JUST FUCK OFF YEAH! NOT FUCKING FUNNY ANYMORE! JUST LEAVE IT 
Just g0t d0ne watch9ng general h0spital... N0w im 0ff t0 g0 lay d0wn.... Car wash f0r Salina's travel ball team in the m0rning ugghhh 
just gave Joey a 2 minute, enthusiastic Spelling Pep Talk  to which he replied, &quot;Stupid spelling.&quot; 
Just gave my mom a mothers day card and 20 bucks. I couldent go to the store  But she was happy anywayz
JUST GAVE MYSELF A WEDGIE  
Just gave myself an electric shock from my iphone wire never noticed the rubber came off it. 
Just gave Santa a $20 and he didn't say thanks. 
morning. boyf is sick still. so not sure if we are going now to forster to see my family. 
Morning. Can we say Hangoverrrrrrrrrrrrr! 
Morning. Coulndt sleep last night. Woke up with a really bad stomach ache. 
Morning. Feeling green around the gills this morning 
morning. I have clementine juice in my eye, and it stings. 
Morning. I pulled my right shin muscle in my sleep. 
Morning. I was up most of the night. Boogie had a fever/stomach/headache. I feel like I'm going to crash on my desk. 
Morning. In a bit of a state today  need more sleep.
Morning. In a bit of pain  But oh well
Morning. Its my Birthday!and i am at work 
Morning. Lost a follower. 
MORNING. made a log fire last night. it was so lovely at the time, but this morning my house smells like braai 
Morning. Packing up to leave vacation 
Morning. Start to study in 9. Bleh. ATW a whole day. 
MORNING. there is nothing good on tv  well there is FÅRET SHAUN (the sheep shaun!) haha aweosme....!(Y)
Morning. Twitter maitennance soon 
Morning. Was helping mate in her garden yesterday &amp; now im feeling bit sore, cant even have a bath to relax hot water tap doesnt work 
Morning. watching hannah montana best of both worlds haha. nothing nice for breakie  bad times
Morning. Why the hell do I keep waking up at silly o'clock in the morning?! My alarm doesn't go off for another hour 
Just get in my room... Need a big rest  http://myloc.me/12yH
Just gets better  Sat nav not working. GPRS only in Kent, so google maps no good. It's Kent, not the Sahara!
just gettin home from the ER, got the pink eye 
Just gettin my nails done,, auwww it hurts 
just getting back from a rehearsal! our favorite gym @home in CT closed  now we need to find a new one... hm we're thinking LA Fitness?!?
Just getting back outside after my asthma attack. My chest is already starting to hurt  grrr..
Just getting clothes sorted. Leaving house @ 11:45 latest. Switching computer off now 
just getting home from school at half nine at night is not cool people 
just getting home...its snowing 
Just getting in from work.....   
Just getting out of work 
Just getting over an epic hangover and missing out on menomonie tonight because of it. 
Just getting ready for skating, been training every day this week 
just getting ready for work, really dont want to be stuck inside on a lovely day like today!  x
Just getting ready to feed my lil monster Niece,she is sick 
just getting ready to head to victoria... waiting for Dave, was hoping to make it to josh's graduation but doesn't look like it now. 
Morning. Work starts again in 5mins  feel abit tired this morning. Got to install 3.0 on my iPhone tonight
Morning.. busy work to do all day 
morning.. Exam soon 
Morning.. I'm sick as ever.. uggh 
Morning.. Still full of snot.. niiiice. Need to listen to the rest of chart show later, then revise  badtimes.
morning... i don't wanna get up and go to work  lol
Morning... I mean afternoon! So drained for some reason. Finished off season 1 of the mentalist last night. I want more 
Morning... wat is wrong w these ppl? 12, 491 ppl havent seen my blog! Or some r just blind, but thats how many followers the fake CMM has 
morning....  It's early still and I am a bit tired 
MORNING.....off to eat breakfast....school 2mra  X
Morning...although its not a good one for me, think someones been rubbing sandpaper down my throat again 
Morning...fell asleep on &quot;Low Down Dirty Shame&quot; 
Morning...I got bit in the face by a dog yesterday. Bad Saturday 
Morning...I missed him last night, I used to not miss anything with old one! This sucks...sadness for all the day long 
Morning...just coming for a little while  I got laundry to do.....
Morning...looking forward for a another boring day at work. i really hate sitting there having nothing to do  
Morning...so tired but gotta go to work!!  Don't yall hate those times?? 
morning..late agaain ¬¬'  I'm going to be out all day long studs..tweets later only  yesterday net problems :S miss you T tweet tweet
Morning..My hands ache  need to go the doctor. Been waking up with pain in my wrists and fingers for awhile now..maybe its from texting?!
Morning.D-Day+4:No SMS,Internet@low spd, Websites r blcked, Satellite interrupted. 5 death Tehran,many arrested.  Im sad #iranelection
morningg tweeets! im tired and dont wanna go to school but i have to and im soooooo tired 
morningg, just woke up have to work in one hour, absolutly not in the mood for work from 11 till 6 
morningg, spending this beautiful day inside  gotta get my heal onnn
Morninggg ! &lt;3. Another day of the test week today!?! This is gonna be the hardest day 
Just getting stuck into some bfs on my ipod then customers come in. Now i have to listen to daniel bedingfield. 
Just getting to bed&lt;3 stressful week. 15 more days til i leave!&lt;333 so excited i can't even speak! Literally. i lost my voice  night.
just getting to sleep. Too much on my mind  and i have to wake up at 6:00 tomorow! gaaahddddd!
Just getting up my new project cuz' i can't sleep!! 
Just getting up, and I am so tired. The extra 30 minutes I slept didn't help too much. 
just getting up. taking camryn to the dentist. 
Just getting woke up. And sneezing 
Just give us Zelda already   #e3 Nintendo
Just go home from school! I´m in Germany the weather is very bad 
Just go+ in trouble 
just goin into town now need soe more food ive got none left 
just going to bed.. fuck work is going to be fun 
Just going to bed..too tired for movies 
Just going to cry myself to sleep after watching Marley and Me.  
Just going to help with dinner. God, i miss working in TK-Maxx!!!! 
just going to Ike&lt;3  2 do maths, maths and maths 
Just going to put it out there and say that I cant be arsed 2day  its too nice to be working and I an fed up...oh well..
Just going to school...  fun eh?
just gona chill out for the night !!! might go for a run but it looks like it may rain 
Just googled my 1st luv's name,then found out that there's a wedding invitation website!! WHAT?!?! Oh,I miss him  &lt;\3
Just got  back from the movies [cenima] i saw UP, AWESOME moivee&lt;3  i loved it! made me cry though..  lol
Just got  my car back from the garage € 713 poorer 
Just got &quot;Ghostbusters: the video game!&quot; Now I want a third movie... 
Morninggg. Ergh. Its wednesday today.  at least i have i latte to wake me up!
morninggg. stuck doing nothing 
Mornings are evil 
Mornings bad  going to think happy thoughts
morninng .. awake for work   not good anyways happy birthday's tooo @lo__ and @jadedownes wooo tarra xox
Morninnnn. It looks like its going to storm 
morninnnn. wishing i was actually going away this summer 
Mornninnnngg, gotta work that 9-4 todayy, bahhh. I'm tired 
Mornting twitterville happy fathers day!!  woke up with the bad boy head ache  sad times I'm dying!! Lol 
Morons at Universal overbooked. Seats were filled two hours before the stated time. Didn't get in. Little bummed, should've fought them. 
morose monday morning. 
Morrisons had no wii points cards in stock although they were clearly advertising them as in-stock. Have to buy on the console itself 
Mortgage papers are wrong  RBS fail.
Mortified. could lose my job 
Mos amazing food ever! I loved my lunch I am stuffed! best food I had out here since I came to Spain! Everything else has gotten me sick 
Moses is getting annoying.  He keeps biting my feet 
Mosquito bites on my feet! So itchy!! 
mosquito bitten all over.. ugh 
mosquito just won't quit bitin' and let me frigging sleep  MAD ITCH CITY
Mosquitoes are the devil's spawn. I hate them!  http://tumblr.com/xsm234aki
mosquitoes eating my alive! while indoors! this sucks. and still no word on job 
Mosquitoes must like the taste of my blood... Outside for two seconds and already four bites 
Just got 2 work workin til 9 again 
just got a $205 speeding ticket. 
Just got a 125€ phone bill. Auch. 114€ worth of texts. Pretty sure it's my new record 
Just got a £17.68 customs charge on my 'free' threadless shirts!!  boo
just got a blood blister on my finger   
Just got a booster seat for Emma for the car. She's really growing up 
just got a call from Raya, after i sent them my CV a year and half ago !!, and they asking if there is any updates in it !!! 
just got a car wash. totally forgot i have to drive through a dirt road from where i am. dumbass. 
Just got a cut on my finger.  So tired.
just got a divorce  man i love my ex-hubby still, no matter what but oh well who's next ? hahaha
just got a fly out of my room and now theres a dragonfly 
Just got a follow from @lindsey5054. Yep, it's spam. Damn twitter traffic machine. 
just got a haircut he mashed up my hair 
just got a haircut.. 
Just got a job at outback again with caleb...bussing 
Most awesomest wedding is all done. Can't wait to blog it....at the studio tomorrow at 8am 
Most def. having one of those days 
Most deffitnitly, and I hate mosquitos I just got bit by one 
most definatly gonna get homesick 
most definite definitely- gotta get stuck into studying simultaneous equations and consumer arithmetic for maths test tomorrow 
Most depressing day ever. Moving out of college forever. 
Most depressing thing I've read in a long time  http://bit.ly/qJk0N
Most gorgeous wedding...i wanna get married 
most info�r�n. a g�peken nincs Quake  http://plurk.com/p/vezsc
Most irritating: All the Excel formulas are different in the Dutch version of the program.  Want =SUM!  
most likely isnt going to school tomorrow, either 
most of my friends are at k-fest while I'm stuck at home studying 
Most of my friends still think Twitter's only a platform for status updates. I feel sad for them.. 
Most of my friends write blogs. I wanna write one but I don't have the time 
Most of my mates are complaining, they don't like the new V. They want her back. Hmmmm they want the suffer V instead of happy V. 
most of my sunburn is browned on out, except where i couldn't reach with the sunscreen  that's boiled-lobster-red.
most of the passengers on the Flight 447 were Brazilians 
most of the tasks are done. Days are passing by so fast and it feels like nothing is being done ... well moving on to dev on wordpress 
Most of the time evil wins. 
Most painful headache I think I've ever had 
Most people have left and the sun isn't shining. 
MOST POINTLESS SIX HOURS TODAY WTF. 
Most r saying Good morning but for me its 515 am &amp; I'm saying good night! Bc I get home &amp; once again the pups have destroyed my place 
most shopping done, over spent   Bad Jen. Off to G'fld to pick up my son then home to clean.
most stressful day ever 
Most traumatic night i have ever had in my life... I dont even know if I'll ever want to drive again or if i will.. 
Mostly everything shut (inc our fave beach bar) and weather not warm. Sewage smell getting worse so can't use pool 
Mostly making fun of Brokeback Mountain, which to be honest is a terrible film.
motha's day...freakin' charlie horses all night  
Mother (8:44 PM):  brb.....hasta kill frankie &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; awww puppy 
mother and @susanaabalos leaving at 6am  this weekend went too fast
mother f. josh thomas is going to nz a week and a half too early for me to accidentally run into him speeding down a slope 
mother fuck. its cold. 
Mother I tried (suicide-me), please believe me, I'm doing the best that I can. I'm ashamed of the things...  e olha que a música é animada
Mother is back in the hospital. 
mother is leaving me for the beach. So i'm going to montgomery county until friday 
Mother just called me a lazy shit  I need a hug.
mother nature, it's time to stop crying and causing us rain. start smiling and give us sun 
Mother won,t cry  
Motherday here in germany- cold and cloudy 
MOtherfuck QW 
Motherfuck. This game is over. Detroit just scored 3 in the second period, making it 4-0. 
Motherfucker, I just got a paper cut on my index finger, right on the middle joint. 
Motherfucking Monday.......nights. 
Motherfucking Revision.  aww well.  seems i won't be going on a trip tomorrow after all     Current Band -... http://tinyurl.com/qq48dv
Mother's Cookies are back?!? Pfft! I just had some Taffy ones. They tasted like crap! F**k you kelloggs! 
Mothers Day Blows! Add the fact that I am home with the worst headache and hot flashes = Bad day 
Just got a little emo seeing a man with his dalmation. Do i miss pepper and sugar? Weird! 
just got a new tattoo , bout to go n get ready for work, vacation over 
Just got a notice that my online class was over registered?!?! Now I have to wait till fall quarter - ugh!!! Glad I bought the $80 book 
Just got a phone call from camp asking if she could work next week...cant 
Just got a plate full of food from the bakery, trying to force my appetite back. Looks so good, how am I not hungry? 
Just got a power converter for Australia! It's really surprisingly small. I hope my iPhone doesn't explode. 
Just got a puncture riding home from work, am bowing walking a mile home 
just got a report that Ari officially crawled for the first time at around 9:15 this morning . . . and I'm at school taking a final 
just got a speeding ticket..this day is already starting out awful 
just got a summer cold. This sucks 
just got a tennis top in the post but i don't like it and its too big! shame 
just got a text from e! news saying jon &amp; kate filed for divorce earlier today at a courthouse in pennsylvania  sad day.
just got a ticket!!  wowzzeerr, today is gloomy and rainy i love it! so calm and relaxing
mother's day is a sad day for me.. 
Mother's Day is a traditionally time for BBQ here ... unfortunately I don't like BBQ at all  ... but I am also not a mother ;-) ;-)
Mother's Day is bittersweet for me.  I'm spending the day with my boys, but my mom died 5 years ago on Mother's Day 
Mother's Day is making me feel like I'm either going to cry or throw up...perhaps both. I miss MY mommy 
Mothers day picnic... I had wanted to make broccoli cheese soup and buy mascara at sephora instead 
mothers day sucks with out my mom in San Jose 
Mothers day totally did not end the way I planned... Got in an argument with my brother which kinda ruined it 4 my mom... I feel bad 
mothers day was great till i had to take the kids back to their dads place.. 
mother's day.....just another fucking day 
Mothers LOL - RIP Virgin Megastore...Sad Day For Hollywood 
Mothers nagging me to drink milk.. again!  i hate milk!!!!!!!!! 
Motivation has left the building 
Motlop out for 6-7 weeks?!  FFS #PAFC #AFL
Motorcycle accident on the eway... mangled body parts everywhere 
Motorcycle trip cancelled   ... eom
Moulin Rouge gets me every time. 
Moulin Rouge is the besttt! Nicole Kidman's voice is amazing! So is Ewan MacGregor's! The ending is so sad though! 
moulin rouge mad me cry!! once again! 
Mountain of ironing 
mouring her dog, Cosmo.  This is very, very hard.  
mourning in the name of my country men in Iran, mourning in the name of Neda who was shot to death by members of Basij 
mourning my car. 
mourning my fat arms 
Mourning my nephew. 
mourning over my sidekicks scratches 
Mourning the end of another weekend.  I spend all week waiting for it, and it's gone before I know it 
mourning the loss of a loved one 
Mourning the loss of Birdsong Radio  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8076381.stm
Mourning the loss of David Carradine!  the clouds right up there say they agree with me! 
Mourning the loss of my favourite umbrella this week, only to loose my nice replacement at the bier cafe. Robbery victims are real! 
Just got a twitter! but i have none of my friends  YET!
Just got a voicemail-wrong #  from edwards airforce base hospital asking for a callback asap I hope they got ahold of the right ppl!!! 
Just got adjusted by my uncle... that man is Magick... so sad he is family   Would not have seen him if I was not so desparate! DrHeather
Just got again of memories for the ps2. Oh god im so excited. Fucking city of heroes isn't compatible with vista 
Just got all excited to see #MGMT as a trending topic but can't find any actual news 
Just got all pretty with no where to go  I need friends
just got an application to rent from a Los angeles laker player , still cant find something nice for the queen of hip hop 
Just got an E-Mail and it sounds like two of my favorite guests have split up  They appeared to be so happy...
Just got an email from the band 'the hong kong.' they have disbanded... The are no more. 
Just got an email from the Target on Story rd. They're not hiring me. 
just got an invitation to go to Tunica and i can't goooooooooooooooooo! 
just got asked out by a 43 year old man at work...  blaghhh
Just got asked to go to my friend's house. Means I have to get soaked walking to hers  can't wait to get a car!
Just got awful news, my cousin's husband has pancreatic cancer and prognosis is not good.  
just got bac frm Walgreens. had 2 tke care of lil sis 
just got back 2 uk hello twitterland really sad bout danny la rue rip  x
just got back 4rm da park....yup yup yup...i went to go see sumbody but she dint show up...again 
Mourning the loss of my new car 
Mourning the loss of my sons' locks, which were lopped off in favor of short, spikey 'dos ... je suis triste 
Mourning Venus' Third Round Loss.... 
mourns the lost of his slacker lifestyle 
Mousavi's offices are trashed, Mousavi's staff in police custody, Mousavi is missing. #iranelection #gr88  (via @ProtesterHelp) Not good 
Mouth being numbed, but still not looking forward to my filling  left side of my face is drifting off.
Mouth hurts 
mouth hurts because of appliance.  cant eat
mouth is killing me  @ Home http://loopt.us/wTUEkQ.t
mouth is no longer frozen!!but my jaw hurts real bad still  and the dentists cut my gums!!! OWIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mouth is still numb from having ANOTHER filling 
Mouth won't stop fucking bleeding. 
Move done finally - boxes everywhere  Internet up - sort of. Still have to get range extender setup today. 1st work, then more unpacking.
Moved a bunch of wood in our front yard and now my arms are all scratched up.  
Moved back to Hamilton  N0t fun~  Got to get back to Toronto soon!!!
moved content that map control was pointing to, changed folder, now map control does not want to display content, even after republishing 
Moved everything into storage and boxes all over new place. First thing I did was set up my office &amp; computer.  Now to unpack boxes 
moved furniture in the studio hoping for more room. not very much different 
moved in lastnight relised how much stuff i actully don't own!  feels like i havent seen anyone in so long!!
moved in... i think i broke my kitty's heart 
Moved into the new apartment. No interwebz  I'm in the library.
moved my antenna higher last night and used some nicer cable, Reception is great. Turns out my DVR can't handle HD channels though  boo
moved onto Stevie Ray Vaughan, still writing personal statement 
just got back for church and HEB. I feel superly sick 
just got back frm playing racket ball!!! it started raining tho  boohooo
just got back from  Church... Feverish. Twitting from my cellphone. 
Just got back from #Moab. Great Jeeping but lost my wedding ring at one of our camp sites 
just got back from a crazy four wheeling adventure. last night in texas. heading home tomorrow.  text me.
Just got back from a four hour trip... And no one is here! 
Just got back from a friend's trailer.  Had a nice campfire.  Off to the dentist tomorrow...Yikes!  
Just got back from a fun-filled day of not buying a lamborghini...  
Just got back from a garage sale, sold few things, made good money, but my bald head got burned 
Just got back from a hard workout...now I'm all Sweaty and sticky   Think I'll jump in the shower!
just got back from a hike, I feel so bad for my old dog   we walked like 2 miles and he was about to pass out, anyway how is everyone!
Just got back from a lil road trip to the Giant Ice Cream Cone.  It is not opening til next week 
just got back from a long bike ride with bf, i feel AWESOME but my bike lock fell off my bike  second one i've lost.
just got back from a party 
Just got back from a party! It was awesome! So much fun! It was amazing to talk to old friends again.. Not so awesome about that guy... 
just got back from a rather disappointing UFC main event 
Moved SE-VLV to Barkarby yesterday. Going to roll out in V�ster�s today, by car! 
moved stuff over the weekend, didn't get to goto the Ren Fair  watched The Big lebowski again now if only internet would get here faster
moved the first load of stuff into @cjloe's garage for storage.. now for round two..   me and guys move into our new place on Monday!
Moved to Neurosurgery building, and time travelled from the 50's to the 90's. Also just learned Czech word for suppository. 
Moved to the new house. So much work left to do 
Movement at the car... I think they might have some casualties 
Movie awards ended soooo fast hah now they're all at the after parties while I'm in bed 
movie day on the couch! then work 
Movie Day, Can't find the Remote to the tele.. 
Movie done, but now I don't want to go to sleep. I hate being the last one awake in my house  I want hugs and kisses goodnight 
movie is overrrrr. I'm not tired though 
movie marathon with mum  no one at home, dad flied to Vietnam alrd, howw saddd 
Movie messed up off to bed now 
movie night with @emilyalyce tomorrow...should be fun...but i miss @leanners 
Movie night with Ro was amazing! Going to bed...tomorrow up bright and early for my last day student teaching...ever! 
Just got back from a three mile run. I think I am getting shin splints 
Just got back from a walk in the park with Hadley. Had to cut the trip short due to a poopy diaper. 
just got back from a walk.. going to see Up! then for a Thai dinner and then home to do some class work... work tomorrow 
Just got back from Amy's. Oceanside is legit. My ONE week break isn't long enough 
just got back from an amzing night. i didnt want it to end 
Just got back from Atlantic City - I lost!  but it was fun!  Tat's in town!!! 
Just got back from badminton. Having some negative personal thoughts now. 
Just got back from Beatrice.  Bruins lost 8-7 in 11 innings   Same thing tomorrow and Thursday.  Haven't ate since 6am!
just got back from brother graduation! im going to miss him so much 
Movie rally!! How unproductive I am today.. 
movie then bed. summer is getting boring. 
Movie was sold out an hour early  Going to get some ice cream instead!
MOVIES &quot;DRAG ME TO HELL&quot; BESTIE PAID YAY I GUESS THATS MY GRADUATION PRESENT LOL...I WISH MY BOO &quot;TEXAS&quot; WAS HERE 
Movies booking are done , raina and lizzy out of contact 
Movies over ;) Now back to writing..uhh..trying it write  lol
Movies! Without Sarah and Brett 
Movies!!  
movies,breakfast at 2am,all thats missing is my friends 
Movies. Too hungry. 
movin' in 2 weeks, goin' through clothes 
just got back from buying a new phone and i get a call to say that some people found Shane's phone... $300 wasted! 
Just got back from Chester...Listening to FTSK and going in shower....School Tomorrow 
Just got back from Crete, it's raining, I'm at my 2nd toddler party in 24hrs and back to work tomorrow. Holiday over 
just got back from cross country camp, and got a really bad time for my two miles...so out of shape! 
Just got back from da church... and I just had a Bad stomach!... and the weirdest thing happened... my eyes got all blury I think... 
just got back from da gym! woo! wat a workout. my ass already feels tighter! but the scale says different still  mental discipline!
Just got back from danial's partehh. It was (Y) anddd i miss FarahF and Amalhs 
Just got back from deep sea fishing and 1. Glad to be back on land 2. Found out that I don't have the stomach to ever become a pirate 
just got back from dinner with uni friends, i didn't go clubbing with others  sorry guys! i felt really siick and collld..
just got back from disneyland and is totally jealous that brit gets to see david archuleta WITHOUT ME!!  
Movin My BFF To Queens... 
movin out the crib today 
Moving + Hot Weather = Exhausted Lisa   I so need a break...
moving 11 blocks up the street. goodbye hardwood floors 
moving art work in the rain 
moving back home for the summer  also waiting for end of year results to come online.
moving chairs, washing dishes, washing lettuce with dead bugs?  aka DOING FUN THINGS!!
Moving cubicles again - being sent to the faraway back corner  Sorta bummed, but I know it'll have a silver lining at least.
Moving day! And my tummy hurts 
Moving from git back to svn   Not by choice of course.
Moving is freakin' expensive. 
Moving is no fun...i threw away a lot of the stuff i own today! And still got lots more to do 
Moving out  big change, im gunna miss Worcester
Moving out day  ByeBye House, you were a very good house, its not you its me
Moving out on the 30th.  My Mom is crazy and already driving me nuts. Help.
Moving out today .... Sometimes you gotta lose a little to gain a little . I'll miss you stonegate apts 3 years 
moving out today: waiting on the father picking me up  sad times. also hungover so this isnt going to be fun!
Moving put day  ByeBye House, you were a very good house, its not you its me
Moving reaaaaally slow this morning. 2 nights of dancing and 2 more to go...I'm getting too old for this 
Moving slow this morning, supposed to go on a walk with my friend Ally and i dont want to do it. 
Moving sucks 
Moving the last of our crap. It is suddenly very crowded in the new place  Surprising what you can live without.
Moving this weekend!  I am very much not prepared.  
Moving to a new apartment July 1st by Disney. I'm gonna miss downtown 
Moving to America for 4 months soon  hope I get to meet @taylorswift13
Just got back from eating a nasty ass dinner  about to relax for awhile until my night begins
Just got back from ex and i'm sooo tired right now. 
Just got back from exploring the neighborhood. Started POURING out of nowhere and I had no umbrella  As @yourfriendjenn would say, 'NG!'
Just got back from exploring the neighborhood. Started POURING out of nowhere and I had no umbrella  As @yourfriendjennn would say, 'NG!'
Just got back from familyphoto session at http://www.citrus-studio.co.uk/. Wish the kids would behave.. 
Just got back from field day (end of school prty). Still no PC jailbreak or ipt2g jailbreak for 3.0 yet 
just got back from fishin again...lol this time w/hubby all showed and ready to relax gotta get up early have DR's Appt. @8 in Peru YUCK 
just got back from Fruita (mtn. biking).  Back to the mountains where it is snowing/raining 
Just got back from getting blood work. 1 week till surgery 
just got back from gold coats..it was so awsome...but i miss my friends already 
just got back from golf hand hurts 
just got back from Gopeng. miss TTDI so much. but i'll only be here for the weekends 
Just got back from grocery shopping. Not really my idea of fun.      
Just got back from gymnastic class &amp; dinner!  Missing Steph's farewell 
Just got back from haning out with some awesome friends! I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
Just got back from hospital, my diabetesare is playing with my body  I THINK i need a new skateboard
just got back from indo! and is off to work now 
Moving to New York unless I receive some ungodly counteroffer. Depressed about future living standards.  
moving to palo alto for few months 
moving to Presov now ... I have disgusting feeling after yesterday vodka ... Damned 
moving to the cabin tomarrow, won't be online till augest 
moving today and without internet til thursday 
Moving Tudors caps... and they aren't even complete 
moving very slowly while getting ready to head to boston  anyone wanna come buy me a drink? maybe alcohol is the new asprin.
Moving, cleaning, unpacking tomorrow. And cleaning all day Sunday 
Moving: nothing accessible. Camera broken, kitchen stuff in boxes, no internet.  Makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!
Mower shopping 
Mowin time. At my father in laws so no salty frog coronas 
Mowing all day *#*$  day    
Mowing lawn equals itchy eye. 
Mowing the lawn 
Mowing the lawn sucks 
Mowing the lawn sucks  I wish my lawn was emo so that it could cut itself!
Mowing the lawn. Blah day 
Mowing... I ran over a bee. 
Mozzer cancelled tonight by the looks of it. 
mr ambulance you are hurting my kitties ears. hope your patient is okay though 
mr donnans classics jus gets more borin the more i have to learn it 
Mr Fluff has gone to snuggle in the great cloud bedding in the sky. Funny how such a small chap can leave such a big hole in my life 
Mr has gone to work. Time for bed  Come back home I dislike sleeping alone.
Mr Indigo having a great time in New Orleans............ so why am I still at home! 
mr morrison is switching schools  i'm so upset.
just got back from juanita's. sorry aidan 
just got back from jumbo scrumbo mumbo. they didnt have any pans labyrinths left  but i got ouran and david bowie labyrinth!
Just got back from Kara's viewing... I will miss you my dear 
Just got back from karate turns out ime not going to see star treck today 
Just Got Back From Kates Epic Party.....OMG I Am Soo Freakin Tierd But...I Cant Get To Sleep  I Like The Colour Yellow....XD
just got back from KingsGate. Work at half 12 
just got back from kudat. back ache and numb ass hahahaha he's stuck there 
Just got back from Laughlin NV. had a great time, but didn't win  !!
Just got back from lunch and back to work. ahhh food was great bt so full i feel sick 
Just got back from Mcdicks &lt;-- see? im a fat ass. BRIAN DITCHED OUT ON ME THAT FAGGOT. 
Just got back from meetings and recording videos. Its been beautifully hot and sunny... now its raining, looks like a storm is brewing 
just got back from Melbourne, thought I left the cold weather behind but looks like it followed me 
Just got back from my brother's baseball game. I thought the other team's coach was gonna have a stroke on the field. he didn't 
Just got back from my cousin's gradutation,wish I stayed longer.I saw Sr.Cheif! lol if only I saw him 
just got back from my great grandma's funeral  She lived a long 107 years
Just got back from my run. I've been runnin for almost 2 weeks and i'm still outta shape. This is gonna be harder than i thought. 
Just got back from my sister's 8th grade grad &amp; dinner at El Pollo Inka. Yumm. I cried so much at the ceremony..  Congrats, baby sis!
Mr poopie isn't here. This sucks butts. You better be at culmination! You can't miss it for the world. 
Mr Propp told me to stay on school 
Mr Sandman, Bring me a dream ... Aghhhh I have to be up in 3 hrs for an 11-hour drive and I can't sleep! 
mr twitter what r u doing? i can't send direct messages anymore!! 
Mr Wiggles is getting tutored today 
Mr. Chief Retainer, he looks so painful in Strike Love 
Mr. CoffeeMachine, what did you do to my coffee?  It's not tasting like coffee this morning. 
Mr. Expat spent an hour checking work e-mail from the computer and now I feel as if I missed all the tweet action... 
Mr. Han has passed.  http://bit.ly/15ORqa
Mr. iPod is sick 
Mr. Mahatma Gandhi....happiness depends on my trackball workin or not 
MR. P IS A FUCK ASS. He confiscated my nightmare before christmas jumper  Packing for tassiee...
Mr. Stuart Wugglebee is leaving in less than 2 hours. Will miss you 
Mr. Sun, where are youu? 
Mr.Sandman bring me a Dreemzzzzzzz... @hismajestyandre have fun wiv MD tour am sick as HELL! Fuck!!! Cant see ya tomorro in Padova 
Mr.Sun = 1, My SPF8 = -1 
Mr.Sun can you please go back to sleep for one more hour..  I'm not ready to shake hands with Mr.Day yet. YAWNNNNNN
Mraow, I feel like dancing, but first art school wants to rape me some more. 
Mrs. Cruz got tampo at 4-SAL. 
Mrs. Liddell made me cry today and she cried when we said or goodbyes. Aw man I'm crying now 
Mrs. Liddell made me cry today and she cried when we said our goodbyes. Aw man I'm crying now 
Mrs. Smith is making ham and turkey for tomorrows guests at the house, and we haven't had supper. I'm hungry 
Mrs.Roulettes leaving on Saturday... noooooo 
MrsMcFlyGrimmy yeah i will be just really gutted at the mo  xxx
MrSocial: Here is a pro tip. Do not eat food sold out of trucks, even if it smells really really good. 
MS Australia tells Firefox/Safari/Chrome users to get lost http://bit.ly/foxoff What a -ve Mktg campaign to run  via @moodleman @iusher)
ms bocinas chafean 
ms ca -&gt;&gt; I am so sad that @jamminjosh is going back to california today  I am gonna miss his f.. http://tr.im/lA61
ms madden why ?! ahhhh no more easy A 
ms pacman is so hard on a computer 
M's unwell so she's home with me and I've lost my one day a week with childcare 
Ms Windows 7 went on to my eee top touch screen pc ok. But the touch interface isn't much better than xp  ie vpoor no big buttons oh well
MS -----x-- NC Flat tire, go back one space 
Ms. Briggs is long gone from iCarly 
Ms. Brokaw... please tell the girls I no longer have access to the web from work  so keep me company on twitter pppppppppppppplzzzzzzzzzz
msn chatting with my gorgeous bestfriend, oh how I miss her 
msn dont work and now skype wont start  web messenger for now
MSN is being werid 
MSN ISNT WORKING 
Msn isn't working  It makes me sad, now my phone and msn are broke, but my phone should be fixed by the end of this week  Ilmfsfmiu 
msn just deleted all my contacts. awesome. add me again 
MSN won't sign me in 
msn wont work  gutter...
msn, orkut, twitter... tá tudo chato hoje 
MSN'S NOT WORKIN :@ Arghhhh annoyin 
MSU Fans..if there is one thing an Ohio State fan can relate to it is losing an National Championship...feel for your loss 
Mt flash triggers have arrived but are stuck in the sorting office for collection 
mt partner (dave) and I were both under par but were soundly beaten 
Mtv &lt;3 but ugh..is working fri, sat, and sun next week 
MTV awards last night, was good for a few awards, but this year was very weak  foi bom por alguns prêmios, mas esse ano foi bem fraquinho
MTV Awards were such a joke. I never want to hear/see/read about Twilight again. So much disrespect to Eminem. Slumdog didn't win 
mtv awards!!! x)* ooo i'm totally sad!! i'm going to play my guitar!! 
Mtv com sinal ruim 
just got back from my soccer game! we lost 0-2!!! 
just got back from NOM NOM's at our favourite restaurant here in Haarlem. I'm sad, I will miss eating there, the food is INCREDIBLE 
just got back from our ipswich shopping,, im tired! 
just got back from outside. did the garage sale AGAIN today. oh cori , nothing sold from u  but silly 6 pins was sold wen u left  LOL 
Just got back from paint-balling. Had a great time, have to do it again! Got into 2 agruments, but it's a part of the game. A little sore 
Just got back from patagonia, where I opted out of buying a bottle of wine...I am soo cheap. Still not getting updates on my cell 
just got back from penang and she misses penang already 
just got back from petsmart and that place was a fiasco!  ugh, i can't believe i left my babies there 
Just got back from playing cricket we lost. 
just got back from pool  getting ready to go buy groceries   FUN! FUN!
just got back from practice. im all icky 
Just got back from pre-riding Avery... I don't feel good about this race 
just got back from Prescott...not a good show   oh well  however I did play the Grand Piano at the Hassayampa Hotel
Just got back from Puerto Rico. My phone got busted during the biobay kayaking   Althought, the biobay was fantastic.  I had a great trip.
Just got back from Rockness, perfect festival. Sun burnt muchly though 
Just got back from school (Y) I have work in an hour and fuckk I'm so sick, can't hear anything  gahhh byeeeee. cmwacot&lt;3
mtv movie awards and lauren's last episode on the hills 
Mtv movie awards are awesome ! aw miley didn't win ! 
MTV movie awards last night were awesome. I want to go to an award show  updating 365 in 5!
mtv movie awards tonight yeyeyey! well tommorow for the uk 
MTV movie awards tonight! and I wish @missmandakayyyy 's life would get easier for her! and @elle_oh_elle_ 's . 
MTV Movie awards tonight. . . too bad ill be watching through this box i like to call a tv. . . 
mtv movie awards! zac efron looks scrubby as a mofo! 
Mtv Movie Awards, please? I still don't know when to watch it 
mtv music awards - live streaming it at 3am but i'm gonna miss it 
MU Reseating tonight.  My current seats are already gone   I loved those seats!  Hopefully my next choice is still there at 4:17!!!!
muahahaa.! tweet tmrw then ? omg. my tweets from my txt are not here... gotta have it fixed. 
muahahaha got microsoft office package! now i can actually use my laptop without it locking! harry potter is getting more depressing 
Muay Thai was awesome. I'm gonna be sore in the morning! I feel like being bad and eating junk tho 
Much happier with rain than with sun but i dun like thunder 
Much love and respect to @sethmaser @matisyahu and @crystalmethod for sending their well-wishes! Sorry couldn't make it guys - chemo won. 
much to do!  THough very very puzzled as to how my sequencing samples seem to be mislabelled 
much to do,much too lil time. 
Much to my chagrine ...  but the upside is she's very smart (and stubborn) and we're learning together   quickly. Pics very shortly...
much to tired. concidering going to bed already. 
mucho kitteh snoring happening.  but no feets snuggling tonight.    for some reason the floor is more comfortable?
Mucking about on Guitar Rig 3. The demo, that is 
Mudah2an malam ini bisa tidur tenang....  good night everyone http://myloc.me/5dMp
MuddyWheelsFairfield County coroner: body of missing fisherman on Wateree recovered. http://bit.ly/kVKvf bro in law of WDPS admin asst. 
Muenster kitty hasn't come home tonight.  24 hour missing alert    he does have a chip.
muffin break, now thats depressing 
Muffins empty room  http://yfrog.com/beidej
mufti day is the worst daaaay ever 
Mugging my life away at Baillieu Library. Oh wait. I don't understand anything 
MuggleSpace under maintenance?  That makes me sad 
muggy day here...no biking today... 
Mugs are never big enough and coffee is never strong enough 
Muh tummy hurts 
Mulan Two ; Misssin a Quince today  Thats fuckiin BOOOTY !
Mulching and painting this weekend.  Got a blister from the paint brush, but the fence is painted - Dave thinks it needs a second coat 
Mulhouse - live Cocu  http://twurl.nl/mbbj5v
Multiply works on Google Chrome. Why not in Safari? 
Mum &amp; Dad have a party tonight :S I'm devastated that my parents have a better social life than I do 
mum and dad home tomorrow cleaning to do 
mum called she thinks i'm sick agn i do feel lyk crap though 
Mum called. 1 house to clean b4 moving in, &amp; 1 house to clean after moving out.  HOW to schedule dance classes around this? Near recital 
mum cracked it at me for seeing how the internet worked on my hopefully temporary phone she's really grumpy today  it only cost 8c sheesh
Mum Dad and Holly gone to Spain without me 
mum gave me a freddo to cheer me up, but he made me more upset 
mum goin to amsterdame 2 c the killers her flight is reely early so on my way 2 my dads. its 2 early  xox
Mum has to work today. And tonight! I am sad. 
mum in bad mood and I'm copping it  grr
mum is feeding me wif sooo much food.....getting fatter 
mum is going to see a doc tomorrow. so worried  hope she'll be ok.
Mum is nagging  Morning twitter.
Just got back from school! Ugh I don't want to go to the dance tonight 
Just got back from school. I ruined the frech test 
Just got back from school..wwhhheewww!! glad the day is over..and it's about to start getting more hectic next week. 
Just got back from seeing #Up  w/8 yr old. An incredibly tender, wise film. NMD soooo didn't get it  She liked &quot;Mall Cop&quot;&quot; better @_@
just got back from seeing star trek with my dad and mom, it was like super good! i want to watch the show now but the hot guy isn't in it 
Just got back from shopping for garden stuff. I'm gonna have a glass of Fruit &amp; Barley and continue on with garden work. It's so tiring! 
just got back from shopping got a wedding next week bought a dress - hate it so going back 
Just got back from shopping. Sad cuz I didn't get tht flannel shirt and lether belt from delias, or the leather flip flops from hco. 
just got back from soccer game.... lost  5-7 good game Navy
Just got back from Stake 'n Shake.. and my tummy is hurting because I ate too much.. aww! 
just got back from starbucks &amp; now I'm babysitting. no salsa dancing for me 
just got back from State....work at 7 
just got back from swimming... movie's cancelled...  oh well i'll find somethin' to do... maybe go to the park and play soccer... idk lol!
Just got back from tae kwon do. Didn't have anything to eat before so I was exhausted. 
just got back from taking dog to kennels 
Just got back from taking my little Chihuahua to the vet. Poor little guy was bit by a rattlesnake and has to spend the night at the vets 
just got back from talking to my mom just found out that william was moving out  so i will have to face high school alone
just got back from target and i want the katy perry cd  but i couldn't get it , i will get it though!!!
Just got back from Target. Didn't buy anything though. No $$$  U know how it is. lol
Just got back from Tesco and the torchwood books are not in 
just got back from the ... 40yard dashes eventually pulling 345lbs while doing it ... 
Just got back from the amusement park.. although wasn't fully satisfied, it's ok! wasn't able to pass by the cd sale  try again tomorrow!
just got back from the Astros game and tired as i could possibly be.....that's what happens when youve been up for 18 hours!! 
Just got back from the auto parts store. Getting Sam's new ride in order. Just wish i could do the work 
just got back from the beach have no idea how I managed to space this tweet like this, droppin andrew home soon 
Just got back from the cinema. Went to see drag me to hell... I actually thought it was sad !    The ending was good- not too predictable.
just got back from the Dentist  now my mouth is frozen!
just got back from the dentist lol 
Just got back from the dentist, and it didn't totally suck I guess. I might have to part with a tooth though. 
just got back from the doctor and is home alone 
Just got back from the doctor. It still gives me bad vibes. 
Just got back from the Doctor. Looks like a have arthritis in my back 
just got back from the driving range now heading to the bowling alley... this week is kickin my ass and its only Tuesday 
just got back from the ER... i cut myself while trying to cook a nice lunch  3 stiches on my right index finger, talk about ouchie 
just got back from the footy... school tomorown 
just got back from the gym and very sad there were no cute firefighters this time 
Just got back from the gym. Holy work out!! About to wash some dishes. I rather be doing something else. Someone has to do it. 
just got back from the hard rock casino..i lost 10 bucks, oh well. I'm more concerned about opening tomorrow morning. meh!  9 comes early 
just got back from the HOH vid shoot, now it's time to study tax 
Just got back from the hospital. Cut my leg and had to get stitches. 
Just got back from the LAST good bye dinner!!! 
JUST GOT BACK FROM THE MOVIES WITH @CALI_87 WE SAW HANGOVER SORRY @PRETTYBROWNBRWN ! I KNO U WANTED TO SEE IT...  BUT I LOVE U.
just got back from the movies..had a blast with my lil brothers today..their nuttts..missing him like crazyyy  hit up the cell..
Just got back from the nursery  I miss those kids. Seeing their faces as i walked in 2 say hello was funny! Was fun to hear JESSSS! again!
Just got back from the park and Starbucks... Scott is setting up the pool.  It's supposed to reach 95 today! 
Mum is picking me up today along with half my stuff, was quite sad packing, actually gonna miss the flat 
MUM JUST DROPPED MY FAVOURITE DISNEY MUG AND ITS SMASHED INTO MILLIONS OF PIECES  (slight exaggeration, okay)
mum made me clean up my mess in the living room -.- it wasn't mine 
Mum only cooked for her self. &gt;:O I'm hungry. 
mum quit twitter 
Mum says it is too hot and I am too naughty to go for walks in the mornings 
Mum still is hospital for another 24 hours and not allowed to run indefinately  she will be crushed.
mum went crazy last night...surprise surprise she had lots of work to do...that woman cannot deal with stress at all...she just upsets me 
mum. i miss u. come. please come back. u r not my near now. i will miss u  - good bye.
mumma cancelled our weds lunch date on me cos im sick, ghey. even my mother thinks im a walking disease. 
Mummy and Nathan not in today! On My Todd! 
Mummy has left daddy  ...for Sims 3, daddy says she iz in Sim-coma
Mummy I demand a present. HAHA. CAN OR NOT? 
mummy mummy mummy!!!!!!!!!!!!! albothyl makes my lip hurts huhuhu 
mummy says I can't go outside in the sun today cos i'll blister 
Mummy was great as usual but lacking all effects  and why are all these kids from DC here???
Mum's been taken to hospital, they don't know what's wrong, she's been vomiting since yesterday. Rushing back to get to the hospital 
Mums making go and do homework 
Mum's making me eat potato stuff with cheese 
mums preapearing tea im so hungry, i didd'nt have lunch today 
Mumsie is in Turkey.. So close yet so far... 
Munching on tidbits is bad. 
Munchkins are better now honey has it! Poor Baby 
mundane monday! :| 
Murder mystery night. We didn't win.  wine didn't help.  http://twitpic.com/6s1db
Murg tired, that's what you get playing peggle nights till 4am 
murgh. mother nature is hijacking me. Craaaaamppps 
Murphy strikes again.  VPN down.  
Murray just got broken 
Murrrr I'm rusty.  Had to put lots of my website stuff on hold during college. Trying to revamp my portfolio, tough work.
muscle pain in my legs is killing me.  arggghhh.
muscle soreness 
Muscles are sore 
Muscles hate me. Been cramping up badly when I do mundane things like toss my hair or put on my seatbelt. 
Muscles sooo sore 
Muse are apparently playing Glastonbury...wtf 
muse tickets sold-out! so gutted! and i cant see coldplay anymore   
Musem equaled FAIL!!!!! hall of fucking life was closed cause of construction 
Mush is concentrated on his pc.. will not respond or talk to anyone. Mush se awito.. 
music assignmenting ... sad sad 
Music Blank. Don't know what to listen to 
Music is the only that I love because have no girlfriend 
music project 
Music project today... and it's sunny 
Music stopped  my consciences buying more caipirinha &amp; HELLO WIFEY! Hope youre not bored anymore
music, music all over, omg im so bored  
musical cupcakes, what can be better than this? damn, now i want some cupcakes   redvelvet.. peanutbutter.. german chocolate..
musical is over... 
Musically, these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear... not so good. 
Musn't forget to take little Oliver to the vets tomorrow. Not looking forward to coaxing him into his carry-cat-box 
MUST  revise today 
must actully get on with my coursework 
Must admit Zac handled it well!!! 
Must be at least half vampire...70 degrees today, bright sunshine...barely tolerable 
Must be lake day... Lots of boats and jet skis at the gas station. Peeps... Take me with you 
Must be my day! No traffic and after 5 already at my god parents... Connor is acting up!  imma have to twitipic this!
Must be off to get ready for work 
just got back from the polling station, it was empty! 
just got back from the pool. it's soooo hott!! got a little red  hopefully it will go away
just got back from the pooll!!! and got hit in the head with a football!! 
Just got back from the Puerto Rican Fest. Mmmm so much eye candy. lol Had a good time but sunburned. 
Just got back from the second dance concert we did really well.I am sad it's over 
just got back from the show.... significantly underwhelming 
Just got back from the vet. Clayton, my pet, got spayed. My poor baby looks terrible &amp; is still somewhat hallucinating from the surgery 
Just got back from the wedding; reception in an hour:  toe has evolved from jellybean to purple smurf stage (if it had a face and a hat)  
Just got back from the youth club talent contest/disco. It was sooo much fun! Until the guy I was sancing with got jocked.... 
Just got back from town and I'm now bored 
just got back from uni, had the craziest, wackiest day ever, and so not looking forward to tomorrow's classes. 
Just got back from vacation very late Sunday night.  Still tired and can't believe it's already over.  
just got back from volunteering and is sad that Rocky the Pacific octopus died!  
Just got back from watching Obsessed at the drive-in....great movie. Working a double tomorrow     
Just got back from Waterloo. And packing for yet another trip. Also, missing TCAF this year.  WOE IS ME.
Just got back from work , Since today I volunteer at my local animal shelter , Wish I could give all the animals a good home 
just got back from work and is soooooo tired 
Just got back from work and looking for historical costumes on ebay...without succes. 
Just got back from worlds of fun! I am soo tired and sore! 
Just got back from WW  too much buffet and red meat this week got some work to do this week!!
just got back frum babysitting my cousin...it was fuuuunnn. But now i'm off to my friends house! LOL!  i miss my home...  lol.
Just got back home a little while ago. My vacations are overrrr! 
Just got back home after Sat at silverstone. Great day! shame Jenson wasn't higher up the grid though 
just got back home from an hour drive from school. So sick and skipping class because of it. 
Just got back home from school. Spent 3 and a half hours longer, to finish a Media Arts project.... It's still not done 
Just got back home from work... need to complete the time management sheet for next week... so, no sleep.. 
Just got back home having seen War of the Worlds at the O2 - nightmare journey home just made the last train and wait 4 it bus 
just got back home with my disappointing report card 
just got back home... bored now 
just got back inside. aww man momma number two came outside to get me lol no fun house tonight  lol
Just got back to grammys. Mums on her way to England and Dillon is on his way home  miss them both.
Just got back to harlem. GREAT weekend. Test tomorrow  wish me luck  hopefully nice party monday night
just got back to hotel after summer nationals!!!! burnt and tired, but what a day!!didnt even get to see cory mac or wilkerson   
Just got back to my mom's. Night isn't over yet. Now we toast my dad with German wine. Have 2 wrk tomorrow at 10. Ouch 
must be unemployable 
Must buy Sims 3, but I have no money  I have to wait about month, noooo!
Must clean house  Klaxons to the rescue!
must confess...i have never been to Brown Sugar... 
Must continue the never-ending cycle of creating food for consumption. Getting up to go towards that room - the kitchen. I hate cooking 
Must do chem homework 
must do research work  lol cant bring myself to work lol
Must edit wedding photos. Pulling an all nighter. Double tomorrow.  no chalk art festival. :*(
must get a move on for work  Can't sit here perving all day! Wouldn't that be a great job?! I'd earn a fortune! ;)
Must get caught up with organizing my genealogy data. The searching is more fun. Orgganizing results too much like work. Life is hard 
must get down to studying crim  but excited that dj ash actually twittered abt our  woohoo!
Must get dressed and walk the dog. It is looking more ominous out there.... 
Must get ET porn off the top of my twitter feed. ANYWAY, I just played 2 sims through college in like...a few hours. Yes i used a hack 
must get into scc basketball next term! 
Must get outta my pj's and get ready for work 
must get ready for this history exam which i am sure to fail   wish me luck &lt;3
must get rid of this sickness by tomorrow morning  Being on a Harley for severl hours will NOT be fun otherwise.
Must get up and do something productive, but that's far too much effort 
must go make lunch and get ready for work  *sigh* another day stuck in a dreary office building.
Must go to bed early!! Have to wake up at 7:50am 
Must go to Pets At Home today, or the ferrets will go hungry 
Must go to sleeeep!! 6 am comes Wayy to early   #goodnight
Must go to sleep. I have to take my mom to the airport at 5:30 am  Cry for me.
Must go to the train station  Fun times. x
Must go to work now. 
Must have been a blip. All ok now. Can't live without my email. Gotta do a bit of local shopping shortly. Hope we miss the rain 
Just got back to my office from a pretty gruelling meeting  Need valium or alcohol I think.....won't get either so may just eat my lunch!
Just got back to my room from NHC Club Night.  Fun stuff!  Looking forward to 5 sessions tomorrow.  Sadly, my family goes home 
just got back to nyc.  
Just got back yesterday from camp.  I miss it already. Once I got back ,at 4:30, I went right to bed and didn't get up 'til now.
just got backfrom juanita's. sorry aidan 
Just got bacl from ftbl summer school tomorrow 
just got bad news today.. 
Just got bad news! My neighbors are puttin their dog 2sleep! He wont be in pain anymore but soooo sad!!   R.I.P. Kasier!! 
Just got bak frm flute lesson it woz kinda borin  x
just got bak frm raffles wit the mumma, didnt win anythin 
just got bak from my cousin's house! i mite go with them in Anahiem i think or somewhere there! so i mite not tweet 2morrow! 
Just got beat by @ryanruppe in my first game of Sorry 
Just got bitten by a dog  Any tips on what I should do?
just got bk frm taking my hubby 2 my Pastors house. My hubby is gone 2 Oxnard. a lil sad   I had nice fellowship w/Sis Arlene.
just got bleach on his vans &amp; black socks 
Just got booze spilled on her. 
Just got called fat by a worker at chapters 
just got called into work tomorrow  sux i had big plans of hanging out in the sunshine, oh well im still goin to the lake today!!
Just got called off of work.. fuck the rain. My bank account is slowly diminishing into nothing. 
Just got changed. Shannon go bye bye 
just got computer back but i still need to take it back again 
Just got crapped out by an old client  Need to fix some old stuff now.....sigh!
just got disabled on savethecoratee... 
must have bilinked, my 2 weeks off have just disapeared. 
must have coffee 
Must head out into the horrible weather again for a bit  Boooooo.
Must i always be waiting on you? Must i always be playing your fool? 
must keep running! must keep running! too much pressure from random beings, though. 
must not eat...................... 
must now go to work  id rather be taken my nephew to play footy with his dad
must remember sun cream! Sun burn on one arm whilst driving is never a good look 
Must stay motivated. do not flake on friend   u can do it. go linda go
Must stop exploring new phone and sleep. Exhausted. Want to read sooo bad. 
Must wait a bit longer for 3.0 
must work.. no want to... then back to the valley i go 
Must you make a business call now, @_DonDraper? We'll be late for the Wallaces' 
Must you make a business call now, @_DonDraper? We'll be late for the Wallaces'  (via @bettydraper)
Must...get...up...painful. I don't like early mornings  At least I have an interesting day ahead of me!
must...not...sleep! too early!.....but so tired 
must_not_put_on_heating_electric_costs_raised_by_�30pm_as_of_1/6 
must-read : compare last 206 years to last 12 months spending  http://bit.ly/2009-bailout-cost
Mutalating a dog: no nose,lips,toes,ears and cuttin up the stomach is so sad. How can someone b so cruel to soomethin so innocent. 
Mutated human being have made food &amp; sex a favorite PAST TIME..  are all humans sick??
muthafk'r I have the hiccups 
Muy triste #WaltzWithBashir 
Muz-tv music awards was great! Katy Perry was amazing!!! And The Sums are fucked up. They're fucking alcoholics 
Just got divorced from mouse. Someone hold me 
Just got doing cleaning the bathrooms now just need to mop and I'm done cleaning ! I have laundry to do too 
Just got done @ the Whippers/Snappers munch. Bored + @ loose ends for a couple of hours. 
Just got done at gym...now off to work 
Just got done cooking a late dinner...kinda burned some cause something distracted me. 
Just got done cutting @icontips hair, and hooking @ashmoneybank up too! Tired from this draining ass weather  quik nap b4 club! I C iT...
just got done cutting the grass... well almost done i ran out of gas 
just got done driving through the mountains in a downpour... fun times 
just got done eating breakfast, pretty full  and bored, someone come see me
Just got done eating DQ for lunch with my babe. Now back to work 
just got done eating got work in the am 
Just got done eating pizza with the guys... My tummy hurts  I am running tomorrow triple time!!
Just got done exercising. Now i have to get ready for work   But Its Friday!
Just got done fishing.didn't catch shit.its 1:16 tired bout to hit da sheets.imy my babe.... 
Just got done hanging out with Kel. I missed my cousin 
Just got done hanging out with my brother one last time before he moves to Oregon. 
just got done hanging out with sonie and benji. now my stomach is making disgusting noises b/c i'm hungry...make it stop. 
MVP!!! I so luv that man! I miss Ken so hard tonight 
MWD - 0831 - generated 30 Day Report. We have 22 cases over 30 days old - as last week. 82% of them are for my customers. 
mwlbournes heaps twotoned fringe, shitty emo  syg not for another hour and a half errrr too cold to go outsideeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
My  Aquatic Blue '74 Honda CB 100 have Carb  Problem . . .pfuuiih it must be hard to find the part 
My  internet is down til wed.  i need to work. I'm the only person in the world annoyed that a 3day weekend just became 5 days.
My  voice doesn't seem to be holding up tonight. hmmm... may need to call no joy on the night 
my #backtothefeature is trippin  ill get it fixed yoo is there gonna be a stickam tonight tho?
My #Brother MFC is great for scanning, sometimes infuriating for printing  Had to fight with it to convince it that the ink is NOT empty.
My #followfriday goes to my big sis @kimberlysmoore because, well, she rocks =D And I got to see her last weekend and miss her now 
my #iphone just died 4 no reason. It went 2 sleep &amp; nevr woke up  ive tried resetting it but it wnt show any signs of life. Help!
My #iPhones are named after horses, @brenden Seabiscuit was just retired  for Giacomo.
my #openfire server is playing up.  cant seem to change the Java runtime environment from 64MB to 128MB as java doesnt work from the CP 
My #socnoc story is fighting me  Need a whip to get it back into shape. Or perhaps something alcoholic.
my &quot;curse&quot; are showing!!! and I can only get rid if them after july 01  
My &quot;Life is what you make it&quot; necklace is MIA 
my &quot;mouse&quot; wrist hurts 
my &quot;touch&quot; keeps freezing 
my @barelyblind cd came in the mail today! but i forgot it at home 
my @NAPPYTABS sweats arrived but they sent me the wrong size 
My 1 follower turned out to appear to be an automated sales pitch link 
Just got done laying out with Jenn and Jess....SUNBURNED! 
just got done mailing packages. PHEW.  it got hot outside 
Just got done P90X, GOW now. I think I might b sick 
Just got done playin putt putt!! Wish I could get good at this!!! 
just got done playing farmtown with my sister on facebook. i miss her. 
Just got done riding with some friends. Bubba is worrying me 
just got done running errands. trying to motivate myself to go to the gym. still sick! cold, cold go away!!!!! 
just got done studying and its almost 1 in the morning! I have a really bad earache..oh that's because I am still sick! lol make's since 
just got done swimming with shelby! reallll tired. and burnt 
just got done taking three finals today so wiped well ive got more tomarow 
Just got done talking about how delicious sweet tea is... And I want some now... Pronto!!!! 
just got done talking to my bf on yahoo messenger he wasnt able to stay up all night  but he might be able to tomorrow
Just got done w/ donuts w/ dad. I am sick and Elijah was freaking out when I had to leave. Now my heart is broken on top of the flu. 
Just got done watchin Definitely Maybe, hopes he calls! 
My 1.3 litre '96 Festiva seems inadequate after hearing @jthake has a Mazda RX-8.    
my 10 minutes are up     back L8r!!
My 10 y/0 arthritic dog is terrified by the new hardwood stairs.. slip-slid up, but refused to go past the landing turn and peed herself. 
My 10yr old daughter (Maddy) didn't get up until 2.15pm and now doin panic homework!  Husband dying quietly from hangover on the sofa. 
My 11 mo. old, Charlie, has mastered the art of walking. He can almost make it across an entire room. His baby days are coming to an end 
my 15 old month Son, have start alone his baby computer...and play alone  I need to hide my MacBook soon...
My 15yr old Siamese has a big tumor on her hip. They found more tumors on her abdomen. She is going down hill fast. 
My 17 yr. old she is leaving for basic training today... 
my 19yr old dog has heart failure  We got some meds to make him more comfortable and help symptoms but he's old! his ticker is unwinding.
my 1st grade boyfriend (who i actually found on facebook) used to call me farrah. i remember that being the ultimate compliment. 
My 1st paycheck seems to have been lost in the mail. Now I cannot afford to pay my rent tomorrow. I am sad. 
My 2  tubby halfish mexian cousents have long puffy fucked up hair. No more getting hit on 
my 2 bosses just drove away.. i'll be alone in the office for the next 3 or 4 hours. kinda nice but a bit boring too... 
My 2 go water is hot  I've been here 2 long....lol
my 2 sisters leave for overseas tomorrow 
My 2 weeks are up.  Back to work. 
my 2 weeks holiday is over...gotta go back to college 2moro 
My 20 year old daughter Liz BADLY needs a summer job. Any leads? Not many places hiring. 
My 20Mbps connection has slowed rightbdown to dial up ggrrr. Had enough trying to get Show 149 out tonight  - tomorrow AM hopefully.
My 21 yr old cat died today.  
My 21st is in July any ideas what to do??? My &quot;friends&quot; booked a holiday the week before and can't come 
just got done watching Madea goes to jail and New in town...lets see that makes 3 movies in 1 day! WOW! lol I'm bored now! 
just got done watching the movie seven pounds with my hubby. omg its soo sad 
Just got done watching the new House episode.Definitely one of the saddest episodes ever. 
just got done watching the saddest movie - The boy in the Striped pajamas 
Just got done wit my morning Yoga..of to da J O B for my 12 hr day......Too much to do.....I need an assistant 
just got done with a 15 min. bike ride around my hood... freakin' HOT! john kicked me out of his house 'cause he had to sleep. boo! 
just got done with my gamee, relaxing and showering. babysitting all day tomorrow  textt meee
Just got done with my kids graduation. I'm gonna miss those brats so much 
just got done with my last workout for the week!! yayy 3 days off then monday again 
just got done working out. I'm home sick! 
Just got done working.. Catching up on The Bachelorette and then back to work in 9 hours 
Just got dumped  Time to start dating again! And saving $ doing it.... http://snipr.com/kb4r0
My 250 gb western digital USB drive is now clicking unreadable. It contains every piece of little girls life on it w/ pics video.  HELP.
My 25th tomorrow!!  I'm so old.
my 2nd-favorite barista has officially left 
My 2yr old just said &quot;Nidhi is sleeping here don't disturb&quot; 
my 3 usb dongle has arrived popped it into the mac and nothing  off to fdin some drivers
My 3 yr old just poured a whole bottle of bubbles on my laptop  so much for having 2 computers.
My 360 died 
my 360 has broken 
My 360 has died   RIP
My 360 is dead  http://raptr.com/DJbruce
My 3days wkend was so short, had only 1 day rest. No more long wkend till Oct or Nov I think...So sad 
My 3Gs still shows &quot;prepared for shipment&quot; 
My 4 year old (18 year old) is driving me around the twist...i don't want to be like this 
My 4 year old son doesn't like The Smiths  &quot;Because that man sings funny&quot;
My 5 day weekend has slowly come to an end 
My 5 days off and mini vaycay in NYC flew by way to fast 
my 5th xbobx has gone kaput but no rrod. Not covered by warranty 
my 69 updates is ruined 
My 7 page paper is do this week not next! Oops looks like my night will be spent typing  I miss @JodiRenee3
My 7 year old bro put on this game show called Brain Rush. I was all, &quot;this is retarded&quot;... But now I'm really into it 
My 70-200mm lens hood fell in the #red-sea 
My 7pm nap failed. Just woke up now. Missed @willotoons bday  I'm sorry, lady!!
my A. Jolie is upset with me 
My A/C no happy 
My A380 has lost two engines in two days of room rearranging 
My AC adapter has a short, my computer won't hold a charge, and my battery is craptastic. I ordered a new one but it isn't here yet... 
my acting career ends before it starts 
My adapter won't fit on for my laptop. So now I am without computer. I fail  Need a Best Buy pronto!
my adsl has run out 
My advisor accidentally punched me. I got a bruise 
My afternoon plans got cancelled  I must find something to do that will allow me to soak up this awesome sunlight.
My AIM won't let me in.....   I have to wait a while....darn!
My AK off lost to suited AQ - she caught a flush on the turn. I'm heading home. 
My alarm didn't go off so I ended up being waken at 4:45 by my step dad instead of at 3:30 by my alarm. 
my alarm has been struck by lightning and has been annoying me for hours...can't sleep 
my algebra final was the easiest thing ever. science is soon though and i'm gonna do so bad on that 
My allergies are acting up 
My Allergies Are Kickin My Butt With So Many Animals Here.   Gotta Catch My Nose.
My allergies are messed up again...and I have to take that silly placement test today 
my allergies are messing up real bad! 
Just got excited over spam.  Feeling stupid and obsessive now.  
just got Facebook raped by his girlfriend 
Just got finished doing my worst standup performance ever - felt like 20min earthquake LOL (laughing @ myself) - not even sympathy laughs 
Just got finished watching the sexy spec vid for the 1000th time. Man he's sexy...too bad he's gay 
Just got finished with 4 songs for v2, Brandy has new shit out, and my BF is the pits. Technology Blue 
just got finished with making breakfast biscuits and no body wants them 
Just got first ever drums FC in the Guitar Hero series (I Love Rock And Roll, lol)!!! Also, got 7 sightread FCs on guitar. Camera broke. 
just got from the intelligent tower... 
just got frozen outside the U.N building.   Hallo! It's a Racism Conference and you let Kat go in but not me?! wawawa!
Just got gum in my eye  http://bit.ly/q87ha
just got her phone taken away  WTF
Just got here.  Yard work took longer than expected   #mmwanted
my allergies are so bad today 
My allergies have been *killing* me all weekend. My head feels fit to explode. This is why I have a love-hate relationship with summer. 
my allergies have been killing me all day 
My allergys have been so bad my nose has been bleeding for 2 days straight 
my allnighter is starting to catch up with me 
my allocated 15mins in the sun has run seriously overtime 
my alltel is merging with verizon...booo! I've been with alltel for like 6 years because I like them, not verizon 
My almost 2 year old got time out in creche today. Slapping and pushing the other kids. 
My almost wasn't enough..  http://myloc.me/40JH
my alone time has been put to death. 
my amazing Mum and Dad are coming to save me from the boredom of Preston  i'm so fed up with no one being here!! 
my A-my eyebrows are not identical...i have to pluck them   and i get too hyper when im with one of my friends but not going to say who!!
my angel necklace was in my handbag  i hope he finds a good home, he was the prettiest thing in my life.
My Angels lost!  3 games of losng means we better beat them tomorrow.
My ankel isn't chipped just bruised. It's still agoney though  Can't walk on it yet Ow 
My ankle &amp; foot are swollen. I had to take 1000ml if ibuprofen 
My ankle hurts  no badminton afterall
My ankle hurts from the weather 
My ankle is bugging me again 
My ankle is so stiff, I can barely walk. 
My ankle is swollen &amp; it hurts...but whyyyyy?!?!  
My ankle is swollen and super red ahhhh!! I'm goin down 
My ankle op's in 7hours &amp; i am soo nervous! Nd sleep bt i thnk i'l b awake all nite 
my ankles hurt, and not from a good way. 
My annoying little cousins are visiting this weekend 
My anti-fog headligths were stolen  shame...
My apartment is basically empty  I'm in denial about almost being a senior in college.
My apartment is flooding.  
my APESTeacher said it was unsolved mystery on how @BonkaWonka was my date for prom. 
My API's are gone til 3:48 
My apologies for being too busy lately. I don't get to read tweets and make comments at work so my @'s are like 4hrs later 
My apologies to KHQA viewers. We've been working hard getting info., and video; however, we have no power to edit or broadcast. 
my Apple leopard on VMWare runs so slowly and not worth waiting and bandwidth that I committed into it 
Just got hit by a car driven by eccentric hispanic and now I am muerto. But really I am fine. Addie not so lucky 
just got hit head on driving home from work   thank god im ok that was scaryy makes u look at life differently
Just got hit in the head hard by my sister she threw a starburst at me 
Just got hme from a luvly day tho my yellow self is now tanned  great great grandad crackn jokes he lucky.sayn I'm light enuff 2 turn blck
just got home  tired
just got home &amp; tired 
Just got home ....its cold!! Tryin to keep my self warm 
just got home after delivering another little girl. now in bed watching The Nanny til i fall asleep. don't think i'll be going to brunch 
Just got home after driving around, hmm today was alright, tho he doesnt like acting mad, tis sucks 
Just got home after working on a critical down issue for 9 hours  so tired
Just got home and am feeling so tired! Will unpack and then back to coursework! 
just got home and cant sleep 
just waking up and very very lazy to study. Aaaargh  what a bad med student
Just waking up from a mid-morning nap. The big black fluffy cat scares me. She hisses at me whenever she sees me 
Just waking up to a rainy day.... 
Just waking up to this nasty ass nyc weather  working @crashmansion  tonight...wite party @pacha later for jp ;)
Just waking up w/ the babygirl. She's fed and watching handy manny now. Getting ready to go to anniversary party--not ours. 
just waking up!!! my piercing is sore...musta slept on it!!! 
just waking up. alex just left me 
Just waking up. I have homework to do all day  is it nice out? I rather go on the lake!!!
Just waking up. My dog kept me up all night because it was storming all night 
Just waking up. Ugh.  I had a horrible night. Found out something I really didn't want to hear. And now I have to face the music.
just waking up... I have to work today...  
Just waking up... I think I  had one cosmo to many! They tasted so good I couldn't taste any liquor! Ugh my head hurts 
Just waking up...im miss my celly 
Just walkdd home by myself again, cant stand the guys here ew. Kinda scary hah glad i made it safely, i miss tobes  nightt
just walked by marks&amp;spencers food n didn't get her beloved honey n oats flapjack  *poverty sucks*
just walked for 25 minutes while listening to IT'S BLITZ!  it's amazing outside, but i got stung by a sweat bee.  
Just walked in the door from work, taking care of sick Mum &amp; making dinner for Dad. What a mad day!  Now onto my own chores and paperwork 
Just walked into one of my restaurants: so dissapointed. 
just walked like 10ft, not even, and i'm soaked! 
just walked my girlfriend back home and i am bored. 
just walked outside  I need to be some where laying a pool working on my tan!
Just walked past the empty Zavvi shop in Derby..really miss Zavvi 
Just walked through the door a couple of mins ago. I don't know when I'll next be in the vicinity of Reading. It's depressing 
Just walked to work... Its pouring and m wet 
Just walking to school for first day back 
Just wanna be back in comfort zone so bad  too many changes,too fast 
just wanna get outa here 
just wanna move to Hawaii now 
Just wanna say Good night to you all. I don't want school to be over.  Crazy,I know.
Just wanna say, ITS FREAKIN' HOT IN SINGAPORE. Haizz.. Why do i hate the weather so much 
just want 2 be funny n have a pretty profile pix n want evry1 on twitter 2 like me 
just want it to STOP and hold it for a second 
Just want my intermittent BSOD problems to go away 
just want my introvert 
Just want someone that i can call mine     i am tired of being the sad ugly one ily &lt;('-')&gt;
just want to go out but me dunno who to go out with .... sigh 
just want to live a happy life!! why theres always something that take ur happiness away?!?!? 
just want you to CERITA!  http://plurk.com/p/ysjf6
Just wanted 2 let every1 know that I'm still sick!!! I'm still in bed w/a fever!! 
just wants Chemistry, Maths and Physics to go awaaaayerr. But I need the marks 
just wants everything to be okay. 
just wants him, is that too much to ask?  Should go to bed soon. Sorry if this wakes you Lauren :p
just wants someone to hold me.  I'm trying to sleep.
just wants this sick feelin to goe away.. 
Just wants to be loved. 
Just wants to be sitting in the bleatchers watching kaiden play baseball right now.. 
Just wants to compute 
Just wants to cry. 
Just wants to fall asleep but I know the Protestant Reformation will haunt my dreams if I don't finish this!! 
Just wants to find a good guy.... 
just wants to get away... 
just wants to get it over and done with. I miss working 
just wants to go back to sleep 
just wants to go home. Life on the road can be both a blessing and a curse. 
Just wants to go to T-Town already! Damn health problems, and inspection crap!   - I want to be with my family 
just wants to have a movie marathon, but is at work 
Just wants to in home and lay down. Ugh. I'm miserable. 
just wants to know if she still loves him 
just wants to sit &amp; chill but has work to do. Bad times! 
just wants to sleeeeeeeep 
just wants to sleep 
just wants to sleep it all away... 
just was told my I.d was fake &amp; had to call security over cause they didn't believe I was 29  they thought I was 19 and couldn't rent car
Just washed my car... Now it looks like it I'd going to rain  fuuuck..,.
Just wasting time before I have to go pick Sam up from her trip to Cape Cod.  dang I really wish I could've gone 
Just watch bridge to Terabithia 
Just watch the entire series of 24. And I don't even like it! Man, I can't sleep. 
Just watched #1 seeded Safina get beat by a poser 
Just watched &quot;Medium&quot;, next Monday is the series finale.  
just watched &quot;Sink into Me&quot; by Taking Back Sunday on Music Videos... anyway Good Night!! I have to wake up Early!! 
just watched &quot;the women&quot; .. this quote sums me up: &quot;i wish there was a pill to make love go away&quot;.. 
Just watched @JillianMcL and the team drive away. So sad  Jillian tell everyone i love them!
Just watched @shanedawson cry in his Happy Fatherless Day video.  I'm getting a little emotional! No dad here either.
just watched 72 minutes. thats all it would let me. 
just watched 90210 dun dun duuun. and I'm going to tidy my room and do some coursework for the remainder of the day. Bad times 
Just watched a car explode on #mythbusters Wow, totally gutted. No ramp jump 
Just watched a Mariners game. We lost  Really want a Ichiro jersey in white or grey.
just watched a movieeeeeee. ugh i still feel really sick. 
just watched A walk to remember other time..this film makes me cry 
Just got home and comforted my family..... This just isnt fair no one should have to see there dad cry 
just got home and found random sunflower seeds on my floor that arent mine! um i really need to quit giving away keys to my apartment 
just got home and is sick 
Just got home and my poor baby's sick 
Just got home bouta go to bed...missin the bae 
Just got home frm cleaning my tias new house  well at least I got some boombbb tacos frm it!!!
Just got home from &quot;Up&quot;.  It's a great movie, but too painful for me to watch after losing Grandma. 
just got home from a bike ride. i rode for 20 minutes and my entire lower body is fucking killing me. ugh. 
just got home from a dance party that didn't happen!!  mum and Bianca go to borneo tomorrow
just got home from a delicious night out. bought a hamburger necklace.  missed rizzle  just realized that i have sunburn round ma boobies!
just got home from a family friend's dad's funeral mass..R.I.P Mr.Garcia..gosh I hate that feeling..  seeing people cry is contagious
Just got home from a father's day dinner.. It was nice, but my sunburn still hurts really bad.. and i think its almost as red as a tomato 
Just got home from a fun night &amp; NO it was not a date   Kinda sad but i did have such a good time--danced like there was no tomorrow. HA!
just got home from a hard day's work.  Gotta go run now, don't want to because I was on my feet all day and they hurt     .:tears:.
Just got home from a horrible night at work.  I hate my job!!!: Just got home from a horrible night at work. :.. http://tinyurl.com/mf5u2a
just got home from a long day at asda. joy 
Just got home from a nice jaunt to the south of the country. It's cold back in Notts 
just got home from a Sunday BBQ at my dads...now I am sad thinking about actually going back to work tomorrow 
just got home from a very tough close... and a little discouraged  granted it's only my 2nd close on a busy saturday night, but still.
just got home from an overnight bonding session with friends and my babe.. i had a blast!!! missin' my babe already.. 
just got home from attempting to go to the club. chelsee passed out before we go in. so we left, no club. got ready for nothing. 
JUST got home from babysitting. Who on God's green earth babysits until 1:30? Apparently q does. I have to be up in four hours... 
Just watched an ambulance take my next door neighbor away.. Say a prayer. He lost his wife earlier this year &amp; I'm so worried about him.. 
Just watched Anvil, bless, they seem like nice guys. Can't believe I have to work tomorrow, wah 
just watched Armageddon and cried..why does Bruce Willis always have to die?! 
Just watched Benjamin Button and i LOVED it! But it was really sad 
Just watched Benjamin Button and it made me sad  good movie though, I love an epic story.
Just watched Changeling.. amazing but incredibly sad film 
Just watched Click and now I'm crying, lol. Also, foil art looks fun! Dinnertime. 
just watched countdown, grudgingly. RIP Richard Whiteley 
Just watched DH and cried like a baby! 
just watched digital spy awards, diana vickers could have won one 
just watched disturbia.  not nice watching it alone 
Just watched Dr House, omg, it's so sad 
just watched dreamcatcher, it's been a while. still makes me tear up!  poor duddits..
just watched Edward Scissorhands loved it! suppose to be revising, really dont want to do this exam 
Just watched episode 3x03 of Primeval. OMGWTFBBQ?!?!?  Am not sure I want to watch the rest of the season now. 
just watched essendon loose and shitt 
just watched Grease, ahhh makes me realize how much I'm going to miss everyone 
Just watched Grey's Anatomy. I cried.  I will be writing now. I miss Meg. 
Just watched Grey's from Thurs, too too sad 
Just watched Hitch! Haha i need that movie 
Just Watched Home Ward Bound Such A Sad Film  I Cried All The Way Through It :'(
My appologies to #twitterific. You do have the option to block/unblock. But not the option to see who's following you, only numbers 
my apt flooded again 
my apt smells like gas 
My area just got lightening whacked. Every alarm is going off, I'm now offline after jumping outta my skin 
My arm has been hurting for so long , I have to go to the doctor soon in Knoxville. 
my arm hurt 
My arm hurts  Hot weather = a lot of people buying ice cream
My arm hurts aftermy jab  doesnt normally hurt this much after lol
my arm hurts sooooo bad  i think i might cry lol           #squarespace
My arm huuuurts  My pooor vain   
my arm is dead from being jabbed ad i dont want to coach tonight fot that means trying to lift children with a sore arm 
my arm is killing me from archery 
My arm is so sore I can't mouse as well as I should be able to. Humbug 
my arm is sore from playing Wii...I'm lame. 
my arm just snap, crackled &amp; popped.  ouch!
My arm really hurts  doctors again tomorrow.
my arm still hurts from when i pulled it yesterday 
my arm still hurts.  hates after effects from shots.
My arms are about to fall off with all these push ups i have been doing....lol 
My arms are really sore 
my arms are so sore   breakfast, then workout.
my arms are sore from wii tennis im weak i failed 
My arms hurt 
My arms hurt from that stupid barrier. My neck hurts cause it does. I have no voice &amp; my feet are just ouchhhhhh! Oh well, work time 
My arms hurts 
My arms look stupidly orange compared to the rest of my body  @hannahbananala @ABowlesy
my art classes are FULL  i have to wait until july 27
My art GCSE is nearly done, Yayyyy !!!! Just got flaming evaluations to do 
my ashtray ladie fell...shes broken....my heart goes out to anyone with a special ashtray they have lost  
My ass better study for the tabe test   i really wanna pass it
My ass hurts from sittin here + my battery is almost dead 
My ass itches 
my assignment is worse than i expected. argh. 
My attempt at sleeping forever has failed 
My attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing. 
My attempts to watch the #140Conf and write my thesis at the same time are failing miserably I think I will have to try to visit later 
My attention to minute details freaks ME out sometimes. 
My Audi is so F'N dirty! Stupid wheather not letting me wash her 
Just watched hotel for dogs with my girll after doing 6 hours of regents studying. Good movie. I cried but not as much as marley and me 
Just watched HP5.  Was making little jokes all the way through before I realised I was in my room alone.  Still sick 
Just watched Jay Leno's final Tonight Show. I won't lie... it was sad  Best of luck, Jay!
Just watched Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8. I think they're getting separated. Put them in your prayers. Especially the kids too.  aww.
Just watched Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8... that was so sad... i almost cried 4 times! 
just watched Jon and Kate Plus 8 episode from last week. Wow, that was depressing 
just watched jordin's battlefield video....what the fuck is that? 
Just watched kill bill 1 and 2, mourning the loss of david carradine 
Just watched Leonard Cohen in London. Damn, I wish I'd gone to see that tour now    His performance was better than Dylan's @ the Arena
Just watched marathon session of 24. Over for another year 
just watched Marley amp; Me...good movie, but so sad    What can I say...I get emotional
Just watched muni bus driver verbally assault a nice elderly lady for no good reason 
just watched my wedding video  balling my eyes out now....24 days!!!!
Just watched Rush Hour 2 with Tara. Now she wants to watch What Happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas... 
Just watched Saw5, @juliebenz was awesome - looked good with dark hair too! Off to get some work done now  xxx
Just watched some weird 80s movie called Satisfaction and the end sucked. 
Just watched Star Wars Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace. One down, Five to go, toobad exams get in the way of this marathon viewing 
just watched starlings shredding her plants 
Just watched Taken with Alex.. nice movie, but they totally ignored the dead blonde chick and that's just rude 
just watched terminator 2 and i cried, Its the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!  im lame!
just watched the buffy reunion 2008 on youtube.  i wish it had never ended!!!  
Just watched the DVD... why did they use all the takes when I messed up my lines???  Guess this one won't be on YouTube.
just watched the end of prison break....And all I can say is wow.   
just watched the final episode of bbf 
Just watched the final eps of season 8 of scrubs got all upset at the end 
just got home from camping 2 hours ago. slept on dirt last night. 
just got home from Casey's. Miss him already 
just got home from cecilles. school tomorrow 
Just got home from celebrating. Graduation went well, but it's just now hitting me. 
Just got home from Celia's grad party not too long ago.  Im tired, and I feel horrible.  Sorry Celia..... 
Just got home from chick-fil-a with the boys. Damn my internets down =( stupid time warner
just got home from church. about to go to la Madeline with madison.  genna had to leave us.  happy sunday!
just got home from church. I hate home work! 
just got home from church..now helping my sis pack for her trip to Turkey and Greece 
JUST got home from Coldplay. Eating a sandwich since I missed din. I feel like I'm back in college 
Just got home from CPM's theater. Not that fun and the time is very limited, but I enjoyed my friends' presence. I miss you guys already. 
just got home from dancing and my side is killing me 
just got home from daynas dinner+movie, quarantine is awful...and terrifying, i hate scary movies 
Just got home from Disneyland my feet hurt 
Just got home from Disneyland.  Never order mexican food from where mickey mouse lives.  
Just got home from downtown, golden gate bridge, and brother bonding. Feet hurt  good day tho. I love SF.
just watched the first released scene of New Moon!...too bad it is only 15 seconds 
just watched the Fox Business Interview... I MISS HIM SOOOOO MUCH! 
Just watched the Halo 3 ODST and Halo Reach trailers at 720p. Why do they make me wait 
Just watched the hills finale...I'm so sad that Lauren is going 
Just watched the Hollyoaks omnibus from last week, first time in about 9 months I've watched it, it rocked! Wish I hadn't stopped now 
Just watched the last episode of deadliest catch before camp starts. I'm gonna miss it 
just watched the last episode of Dollhouse season 1... and is very sad that it could be the series finale 
Just watched the last episode of MiddleMan. 
just watched the last episode of PRISONBREAK yea i know im late. but AWW SO SAD 
just watched the last episode of the hills  im SO sad LC isn't coming back.  its gonna suck with KC as the star
just watched the last ever episode of ER-- why are all my fave programmes ended- especially this one! watched it for years 
Just watched the last ever episode of Scrubs. My eyes were teary and my heart was broken. One of the best things ever came to an end! 
Just watched the mets won at citi field! Last night in NY unfortunately  .... Am going to miss this city...
Just watched the movie Wicked at Jimmy's... I thought it was good, everyone else says I am not allowed to pick movies anymore 
just watched the new moon trailer!! almost cried  
Just watched the official New Moon Trailer. It wasnt as good as i though it would be. They didn't show any Italy. 
just watched the Pens lose. 
Just watched the saddest thing about penguins! 
Just watched the scene in I am Sam where the court takes Lucy away... I'm so sad 
just watched the season finale of GREEK. SO GOOD and upset I have to wait until August to see what Cappie does 
Just watched the season finale of greys anatomy  dam it was sad
Just watched the Series Finale of Prison Break....SO SAD, but So Awesome, really going to miss that show 
just watched the sex scene in Romeo and Juliet. It gave me an orgasm, but it made me reeaaallly miss Daniel and the old days. 
Just watched the So You Think You Can Dance Seattle auditions. I'm super dissapointed in their portrayl of my city, we looked pathetic. 
just watched the trailer for Dear Jack.  Sad. I'm still planning on marrying him though.
Just watched the two last episodes of #PrisonBreak. Quite an ending. Sad its over.. 
Just watched the weirdest Bones ever. I hate waiting until September to see the next one. 
just watched the worst movie ever   i hate disneychannel
Just watched the Wrestler. Now I feel lonely. 
Just watched Thusday's Greys Anatomy. It's got me crying like a baby. So, so sad. 
just watched Tuck Everlasting.  i forgot how depressing it is.   not a movie you should watch before 9 in the morning.
just watched 'turtles can fly'. it was good and sad.   i love foreign films. come on IFC, bust out some more.
just watched two hours of the real housewives of nj and then i lost control of the remote   the other cable box needs to be fixed pronto!
Just watched Up at citywalk with Jeff . Omg my sleeves are damp  SO GOOD
Just watched Valkyrie (Tom Cruise). Great movie but kinda sux since I already know the ending from the history anyway 
Just watched vid of loloma, jas, gizem remake of romeo n juliet-crack up! Now sitting on bus goin home, lost my earring today 
My Aunt @stagepresence1 got the New Palm Pre today. Talk about a super nice phone. 
my aunt and uncle just left  poor me lol.... SUMMER IS ROCKING!!!
My aunt broke my joe glasses and there beyond repair  
my aunt died last night...my tim was in the hospital and im at my softball game...what a day 
My aunt died this morning.  but i get my own little apartment thing. Cuz someone is staying in the room I'm in right now.
My aunt has just been called me and she said to me that my grandmother had to remain joined the hospital several days 
My aunt ignored me wen she drove by me.... It saddens me..   
my aunt is leaving tomorrow morning  I hate goodbyes.
my aunt just txted me n said 'dont worry, are you going anyway?' guilt trip 
MY AUNT PASSED AWAY TODAY. SHE IS GONE TO A BETTER PLACE. 
My Aunt Peachy is in the hospital again.   I have no idea what happened yet since my Mom is on the phone consoling her daughter now.
My aunt/savior just left to .ove back to colorado. I should have a full day of tears ahead of me 
my auntie has thee best spaghetti! toobad i was beinq nice and shared with @DjSaucyP and he only left me a little bit to eat today 
my auntie went home 
my aunties going  going to say bye now xo
My aunts complained that i have gained weight.  - http://tweet.sg
my aunt's in the hospital, going to visit her 
My Australian brother just forgot we drive cars on the RIGHT side of the road in America. 
My Avatar is fixed lols, the simple things in life and now my feeds gone funny  not got timke to sort it out now off to work i go......
My awesome Friday has been foiled by a lack of support for thread process shared synchronization on Mac OS X  Damn you Apple.
My awesome Husband's birthday today!  We're usually at Disney World, so he's a little bummed. 
My baaaaaaaaaaaaack! I feel soo bad 
my babe girlfriend just left for home and work  devvv
My babe iz hella sick wit pnemonia Gonna take care of him 
My babe left me early now I'm sad 
My babes home from buddys place  Mothers Day tomorrow!   Miss my mom 
Just watched Wonder Showzen! well they made a weird joke about mexicans yeah well, it was funny.. Im in my bros laptop again, mines dead 
Just watched yTech vs Idra. yTech got his first dragoon 40 sec. faster than my standard vT build. Wow. I Suck 
just watched zeejustin suck out on crazy marco. my feet hurt. 
Just watched: S. Darko; 2.0/5.0; Chase*, Evigan*; It's a bit like when Dennis Leary ripped off Bill Hicks; it's rather sad seeing this 
Just watching my back - something is up and I don't like it 
just watching tv alone. so sad for my tita. heard her crying last night because she's starting to lose her hair because of her chemo. 
just watching tv. looking for my ipod touch which is no where o be found. 
Just waved Will off on his long trip to Kent. Exciting for him. Tears for mum! 
Just went 2 our little town ice cream shop. Got ice cream but couldn't eat it. Stuck it in the freezer till I can I guess. 
Just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office 
Just went downtown to the Village then back Uptown to Harlem then up to BX then back home.  I'm tired &amp; got still gotta stay up to work 
Just went driving down South Parkway to see if the power was restored so that I can get to my mailbox. Still no power 
just went for a good morning to a miserable one... gonna go and chill for a bit 
just got home from emmi's!!!!! =D wish she came home with me 
Just got home from errands and M is sleeping- probably will have to wait til later  hoping the weather holds out. Storm warnings
Just got home from Ethan's baseball game. I hope they win a game soon. 
Just got home from food shopping and now cooking  my god I am tired
Just got home from goingout with my friends for quite possibly the last time in forever. that thought makes me 
just got home from greek fest with erin, jimmy, and casey. the fireworks were pretty awesome. i will never see &quot;the prodigy&quot; ever again 
Just got home from hanging with replay ceviche. In major pain right now due to non-stop dancing. Would love some serious TLC right now 
Just got home from having a op on my leg  Hopeing Lucy will come and see me but shes not picking up her phone. x
just got home from high school music concert...it was awesome, my oldest sons last hight school performance   
just got home from hospital. my poor friend was so doped up on dilaudid...poor baby. 
Just got home from ihop... its 1:40 and im sooo awake... spent the day with friends now im sittin in bed bored...  Blahh...
Just got home from Jared and Co. Cable missing  But few more interested in @SmartAssSundays.
Just got home from LDN miss it tones already  but will return soon lpl
just got home from London 
Just got home from Mariners at 12:08 am.....tonight was full of nothin but bullshit  Ugh...
Just got home from middle school. A girl thought I was my sister. She looked so happy to see me. 
Just got home from missing my college interview because my car broke down 
just went for a walk with my dogs. didnt think that i would get attacked by 2 other dogs. 
just went for a walk. rained really heavily. Am now wet 
Just went frog hunting with my little sister Lily,  Didnt go well because of her bad ankle  x
Just went home, my team lost the match with two points  I really miss playing with them!! :'(
Just went in the freezing cold pool, why i don't know  i need cigarettes.
Just went into the car my brother and dad drove non-stop for 5 days.. aboslutely reiks of boy sweat and it smelt like old fish.. Gross.. 
Just went on a late night search to try and find the new Fight Night 4 game for PS3. No luck 
Just went out for dinner at chinese restaurant. I don't like chinese. 
Just went out to the coop and one of my chicks was dead.  Probably a raccoon got it.  Inauspicious start to the day.
just went shopping but i'm still bummed about no wrestling for me... no Triple H 
Just went shopping when he shouldn't have  damn
Just went shopping....spent someone's hard earned pay.....oh yeah...it was mine 
just went skiing. but is pissed because her phone is dead and her battery charger is in cambridge 
Just went swimming lawl. I wanna talk to my boy  ! About to watch never been kissed with my sister  and sommer. I love daisy of lo ...
just went swimming think i got darker :| 
just went swimming, took a shower, have to wake up at 6:45 A.M. tomorrow!!!! 
just went thru the last lecture video of the last course I'll ever take   the 'great education run' of mine is coming to an end.
Just Went to 7Eleven And they had no SLURPEES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG! so i got gum in stead 
just went to bebo with the intention of closing my account but I couldn't bring myself to delete everything. Breaking up is so hard to do 
my babies are getting their hair cut today 
My babies are growing up so faaaast.  http://twitpic.com/6g9iq
My babies are on thir way to the UK... 5.5 hours 'til they land!!!    Please God, let them have a safe and fun flight!!!!
My babies go here!I've had the sickest critters  http://www.sgsservicesinc.net/aikenvet/Home/tabid/36/Default.aspx
My babies have graduated! *tear* ...and he didn't come. 
my baby boo is sick, the darling  .. feel better soon babe :* ...
My baby boy bit half way through his bottom lip.  looks awful but he's a tough dude.
my baby boy has been sick for the last few days 
My baby boy was playing basketball at the court today and he fell. His face is bruised.  He wanna play like the older guys SO bad!
My baby brother just made me the cutest graduation/goodbye present ever. got a little teary eyed cant lie. i really am gonna miss him 
My baby brought me a present today, a dismembered mouse... 
my baby can sit on his own my how he has grown! he also has an ear infection and went to bed an hour early  poor guy!
My baby cat is sick   I don't know what's wrong with him!
my baby cousin's birthday party is getting rained out. 
My baby girl has her first cold 
My baby girl i growing up 
My baby girl is gone 4 da summer...she is my other half and I miss her so much. I hope she has fun &amp; summer ends soon  
My baby girl is puking!!! 
My baby girl is sick n its breaking my heart!!! 
my baby girl is sick. she had to go to the ER today with a bad ear infection. my poor sweet girl. 
my baby girl ist sitting in her bed and is playing .... i´am sleeping on my desk .... short, very short night 
my baby girls is at summer school kcamp  and I'm  sad cuz she growing up... 
my baby goes back today 
my baby goes to the doctor today.  i don't wanna let her go.
my baby has a concussion and I am in for a very sleepless night 
My baby has pneumonia  no wonder why she has been miserable
my baby has to work tomorrow  i have the day off
My baby is 10 tomorrow and I have to work.  Dad is throwing him a party.
my baby is a lot better, but still doesn't want to eat anything but apples 
My baby is at the vet  Sis took him to the reservoir and he got his ear practically bit off my a German Shepard. Stitches + Cone
my baby is awake 
My baby is getting hailed on 
my baby is goneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
my baby is graduating today yayyyy....good job love....just wish i could b there to enjoy that with her 
My baby is in the hospital 
my baby is not very well.. poor baby  xxx
My baby is really sick 
My baby is sick 
My baby is sick  she's cuddling with a pink unicorn http://twitpic.com/7qyw8
My baby is sick &amp; it's breaking my heart  x max
My baby is sick! This makes me sad.  http://twitpic.com/3l28h
just went to buy a Twitter mug on Zazzle that imports all your followers onto it, very nice. But the delivery is as much as mug me upset 
Just went to Kopiroti with Dhimple. They served hard boiled egss instead of soft boiled. 
Just went to M&amp;M world. Sweetness! Now i gotta go and wash my dance stuff. Fuuuuun... 
Just went to Macy's.  Nothing I want is on sale, and they were out of the Lancome bonus gift.    Spent $70 bucks anyway.  Stimulus.
Just went to mail off two parcels to USA prices up again: insane  So hot again today, gotta sort out me packing ;) Just met new neighbours
Just went to Safeway and the lady in front of me has the worst plastic surgery i've ever seen  Gonna go home now and cry myself to sleep.
Just went to see Drag Me To Hell....very big letdown  there were some pretty funny parts though but it was supposed to be SCARY lol
Just went to see my mom mom at the hospital  Now off to work, I hope its an easy night
Just went to the airport and said goodbye to mom and sis. 
Just went to the animal rescue in Dedham and has a heavy heart b/c of all the adorable doggies...I want one. 
Just went to the Dr.  Got diagnosed with walking pneumonia.  Bummer 
just went to the eye doctor.  no fun.
Just went to the library and got some books. Hope I've got time for them. Now I'm learnig to write a CV and a letter. French and German. 
Just went to the Royal Palace in Bangkok! Also, tried Tiger Beer and saw an elephant! And I'm in class for 5 hours today 
Just went to times square, but it was raining  hellllla fun!
Just wept for the last 10 minutes. Marley And Me is so sad. 
just whacked myself in the head with laptop screen. ow! hope that shit doesnt bruise 
My baby is sick... she even asked for the medicine that she tried to hide the other day. 
My baby isn't on 
My baby isnt online yet  booooo
my baby just left  alone again!
My baby just spent an hour in the ER for a split eyelid! He's OK but  obviously black-eyed and worn out. 
my baby just went to work.  im off.to look for a pool
my baby lost in three. 
My baby might break up with me after I tell him my dark secret! 
My baby sick 
My baby sister graduates 5th grade tomorrow.  sad I didn't fly to Idaho sooner!!! DAMN IT!
My baby sister is all graduated and everything...  I feel old!!!
My baby sister is not a baby anymore... she just turned 16. I feel so old 
my baby started summer camp today!  
My baby was tieddddd todayyy smh 
my baby went to sleep  boreddd!
my babyboy has a fever.. 
My babys gone for the next 2 weeks ill never be a good army wife 
My babys got the sniffles 
my baby's growing up 
My baby's not feelinn good 
my babyyboyy brandon boyd is playing a suprise show in hollywood and we can't go cuz sass has to work!  booooo
My back and shoulder hurt today - stupid broken server from yesterday weighs too much. 
my back and shoulders are blisters now 
my back feels like a mistreated cobblestone road. drove uhaul, moved Lex in, got couch, bought an old man a drink, rode bike, ankle still 
my back freaking hurts!! 
my back fucking kills right now 
my back has flared up, moving is extremely painful, 4 am I cannot sleep, the 112 dude said that I should wait it out. Butthole 
My back hearts so bad 
My back hurts   geez.
My back hurts  I feel old
my back hurts  i have stupid bacc practice at 9 
my back hurts  not a good way to start the day.
my back hurts  note to self: camping blows
My back hurts a fuck 
My back hurts and it's been keeping me from sleep 
my back hurts baaaad 
My back hurts from this stupid lounge furniture. The things I go through just for some internet! 
Just when everyone's all together again James goes away tomorrow for a month. I'm going to miss him so much 
Just when I bigged the man up yesterday, David Hasselhoff may be moving to my county. Maybe he can have pasties with The Jacksons... Oh 
Just when I got comfortable my alarm goes off    hate that
Just when I think about going outside it goes cloudy again. Am I going to sacrifice my day out so that everyone can have sunshine? 
Just when I think I'm going to be ok about the separation...Why does he have to go? 
Just when I think the universe is giving me a break, it trips me and laughs in my face... 
Just when I thought I am all cried out, I cried a river. I didn't expect it to be THAT hard 
Just when I thought it was a nice day out and it finally didn't rain, it started drizzling 
Just when I thought my Internet connection was getting good it goes bad!!! 
Just when I thought my life couldn't get more stressful... I'm angry and scared and disappointed all at the same time 
Just when i thought school was done i failed a class. So now i have to come half an hour earlier  than normal for summer school.
Just when i thought things were getting better... 
just when I thought today couldn't suck more... just realized my back has begun to peel.  I cannot get any sun without being punished.
Just when I want to have an overnight tonight, everyone seems so busy. 
Just when I was having fun talking on my cell phone, the freakin' thing ran out of juice! Arggg.....later again, I hope??? 
Just when one feels that all is well, life has a way to hit you on the head and bring you down 
just when things were starting to look up... BAM! You get kicked in the (imaginary) balls by life 
Just when we were expecting a warm sunny day to watch the closing T-Ball game for our grandson, Zechariah 
just when we're leaving for the midsummer party, it pours! with thunder &amp; lightning too! dampener! what should we do for midsummer now? 
Just when you think the British summer has begun, boom! it then rains for 2 days straight! 
just why it is still not working? 
Just wished my Dad &quot;Happy Fathers Day&quot;! Hope he heard me in Heaven. I miss him. You don't know what you have until it is gone.. 
just wish'ed my parents took out the pool  I need it!!! i beggin mom &amp; dad 
just wishes you would call; unfortunately I got my hopes up again  Dammit Weston.
Just wishing it didn't take 7 days to be rejected for something like that ... 
just witnessed a nice altercation at the local payless. Nice. Someone get me out of South East London! 
My back hurts from yesterday 
My back hurts like hell   but at least I finished organizing my desk ... never thought it would take so long
my back hurts real bad! 
My back hurts so fucking bad  
my back hurts too much lifting this weekend 
My back hurts, i can barely move 
my back hurts.  maybe finishing a sock will help...
my back hurts. argh. i miss my bloke. 
My back huuuurts  I will be happy if I never have to move again.  x.x
My back is all kinds of messed up, and Strudel is going to live in another town until we move, I'm going to miss the little runt 
My back is burnt 2 a nice crisp not to mention it's on fire rite now  nite twits. 2mrrw is another day in the sun! Lmao
My back is hurting  and my mom just infomed me she has work till 3 so I can't go out till then. Oh well!
My back is hurting A LOT worse now 
My back is hurting me more then usual tonight  I'm NOT liking this pain at all.. errr.. Tomorrow is coming soon! YAY..
My back is hurting me sofa king bad. 
My back is injured in 2 places...ouch! Sooooo much pain 
MY BACK IS KILLIN ME 
My back is killing me  Tyler (that's my 9month old son) is teething and wont go to sleep  I need my bed :S
My back is killing me all of the sudden. Of course it's in a place that I can't get to pop 
My back is killing me! Sitting down in the gym. 
My back is KILLING me. I feel like an old lady 
My back is killing me...why women hv to suffer once a month?!dang... 
My back is killinggg me  eff muscle spasms. One more night of closing tomorrow, then I get a day to relax thankfully.
My back is killinggg me! 
my back is killlling me....  
My back is kinde sore  I need a massage I can't afford.
My back is peeling 
My back is so F'd I'm seriously thinking about skipping kickboxing tonight.  But that would make 2 times in a row ... no good in my book! 
my back is so sore!  poor me! (this is the part where u give me lots of sympathy)
My back is soooooo hurting.  
My back is that bad, i feel sick 
my back isn't being cooperative 
my back isz fuckinq killinq meeh .  .
My back itches so bad, I think I got multiple bugs bites of some sort  
my back really does hurt  maybe wouldn't if SOMEONE didn't push me out of my own bed last night!! he's lucky I like him!!
my back really hurts. 
My back shoulder jaw and leg hurt  and I've had a hard time sleeping 
Just witnessed a really bad car accident  omgsh i hope these people are okay 
just witnessed a snail being stepped on by an 8 foot dude  the sight &amp; sound was traumatizing
Just woke and is running late 
Just woke from a horrible dream involving Panda getting hurt. I really almost cried 
just woke her bub by yelling up to Sam - rookie (and lazy) error... 
Just woke the house up with music and flowers. For some reason it didn't go down too well 
Just woke up   I love Green Day!!!!!!
Just woke up  And got told to take dogs for a walk 
just woke up  and hasn't showered yet. hooraayy! ((
just woke up  Going out to cut la grass before it la rains.
Just woke up  I was to sick to go to river splash
just woke up  kinda not feeling well... http://plurk.com/p/n2obx
Just woke up  Last nights Dodger game was on da chain ! Ninth inning comeback win gets no better then that ! Shout out 2 Andre Either 
just woke up  long night
Just woke up  sad day today
Just woke up ! Not looking faward to school as I have double buisness studies and double chemistry today  wish me luck 
just woke up &amp; im goin' to school 
Just woke up &amp; now i'm soo sad cause i have to leave my family for a few days. Gonna miss them all. 
just woke up .. do my project for school 
Just woke up .. Had a scary dream :'(  @Jinsing  was in it. 
just woke up ... tryin to get motivated very hard rigth now .... gettin readi to do the hair n eat cant wait ...  school tomorow .....
Just woke up .... Now I can't go back to sleep 
just woke up ..another boring day for me 
my back stiLL hurts...!! 
My back went out...so I'm not. 
My back yard is so sweet, I hate to leave it for concrete   http://mypict.me/3V2d
my background has disappeared again. 
my background is gone 
My background isnt awesome anymore 
my background/fb profile pic is the wallpaper of the bathroom of this hole-in-the-wall bar in barcelona.  wow i sure &lt;3 that place 
my back's aching ( want to transfer to my room  )
my bad melancholy side grows in me like a tumor. &quot;take it easy and don't worry&quot;----&gt; HARD. 
my bad, 4 weddings, 1 summer. soooo fat 
My badminton club just lost the cup final.  Too bad, they started off real well, but that wasn't enough.
My bag for tommorow is so heavy  and I have to carry one of my folders in my arms
My bagel is gone 
My bagel was so yummy I want another one 
my ballet showcase looked great! so proud of me!! about 2 practice this Sandcastle Disco 4my famo's open mic cause idk all the words 
My banana is all gone  lol
My band just got friend requested on MySpace by the memorial profile of a girl killed by a drunk driver. Wtf. Frown. 
My bangs now remind me of spock.  they need to grow out soon, lol!
My bank account got hacked into and people took mad money....  depressing
My bantu knot out did not come out right at all. Putting my hair up anyway.  Another style that is beyond me.
My bape keychain fell off grrrrr 
My Barry Zito lost boo hoo. Love him any way. I dont hate,,, He still is the man. Steve-o is gone DWTS stars wont be the same 
My basement leaked 
My bathing ape phone cleaner is gone 
My bathtub is angry at me 
My battery in the notebook is about to die 
My battery is dying 
My battery is dying, oh so sad 
My battery is dying.  i cant tweet as much ...
Just got home from my dad's funeral. I'm sad 
just got home from my mom's mother's day party..ugh! sooo tired..  pix will soon be posted on my myspace.. myspace.com/gilbertgarcia ortiz
Just got home from my mum's house  Dont like it here. Miss my friends (AND YOU SALLY!)
just got home from night at the museum 2 and it was awesome  when the jonas brothers came in I screamed so loud and everyone got mad 
Just got home from nite out . Leaving  early to Hawaii so afraid to sleep 
just got home from NY   Watching South Park now...I wish I could sleep!
Just got home from NYC...boredom awaits 
just got home from one of my friends beach house =D I had a great time!  now its raining 
Just got home from Pak n' Save, it was a looong day and I think I temporarily misplaced my cellphone!  Good night.
just got home from photoshoot at fun ranch. the philippines is SO humid.  blaah.
just got home from practice wish my knee wasnt all busted 
Just got home from practice. Where's my sunshine?  Ratatouille, then sleep!
Just got home from pueblo 
just got home from school because of finalls weekend starts early for me yaya... movies later and five guys then gillys for the last time 
just got home from school, sooooo tired!!!..... twitter break for a while gotta do lots of homework! 
just got home from school. had a long day in school today! 
just got home from school. i hate saturday classes. 
Just got home from school. I'm so tired! Good thing there's no HW today.  But, unftly, I have to memorize the taxonomy yada yada stuff 
my battery is going to die 
My battery is running out 
my BB and I..tomorrow we'll have to separate for real 
my bb bat is running low.. not good. 
My BB battery is low 
My BB becomes a Broken Berry  trackballnya gabisa gerak ke kiri!! OH NO!!! http://myloc.me/41dN
my BB completely died 
my BB is being geigh 
My bb is blinking uncontrolablly. I think its about to explode 
My bb masa7 kl shy 3nde. Klkum e3mlole add mara thanya plz 
My bb Mauer returned last nite triumphantly &amp; I missed it  Saw the highlts on SC this a.m. though. *glee* Can't wait for tonite! #twins
My bb says: Low battery&quot; 
My b-day is tomorrow. I miss my dad soooo much   he passed away march 18th 
My bead box was spilled ALL over the floor. ....if that's now a way to totally lose motivation, I don't know what is. 
My beautiful girl .. blind, profoundly intellectually impaired, cerebral palsy, epileptic but also breathtaking  http://yfrog.com/42no1dj
my beb left jz an hour ago and i already miss him to pieces 
My bed ate @madithekilljoy. 
my bed broke 
My bed feels empty  I mean I usually sleep alone but for some odd reason it just feels like that  http://myloc.me/5yQy
My bed is cozy. The only thing it's missing right now is Taylor 
my bed is so lonely now 
My bed just feels too amazing. Dont make me get up! 
My bed looks so comfy. Aww...but it's empty. 
My bed was SO comfy this morning I didn't want to get out for work 
My bed, it's calling to me. Lucid dreaming tonight? A possibility... Im bummed, no @andersoncooper 2morrow.  FML.
My belly button itches.    I keep it clean and everything!
My belly hurts a bit! 
My belly is speaking to me! I need food! 
My belly is YellinG at me! I didn't eat alllll day... 
My bellybutton hurts 
my bellys achin!  buying myy metro station tickets tomorrowwww!!  
My beloved doggie is gone 
My beloved purse broke! Noooo. 
My beloved twitterena keeps crashing  will just wait for update before using it again.
Just got home from school. OMGG my ipod was playing up 
Just got home from school. Snook, our dog, didn't run up to me to greet me. He looks so glum. I hope it's only because of the weather. 
Just got home from seeing &quot;Up.&quot; It was amazazing. haha. Too sad tho!  Ha. Good time  The Hills rocked! Ahh I'll miss Lauren! F Kristin!
just got home from seeing a sketchy person ! UGH eww.. anyways, im bored now 
Just got home from seeing my phillies lose 2 games back to back 
Just got home from shaws  couldn't even be with my bf on his break 
Just got home from shoots, thinking that I have to go outside and water my dying flowers 
Just got home from shopping for make up and boy am i suprise at how much i spent i could have gotten clothes for how much i spent  oh  ...
Just got home from shopping school supplies and stuffs for school. :| Acck. Back to school, *not a good idea* 
Just got home from shopping. I couldn't find anything cute 
Just got home from some intense swimming. All sunburnt though. 
just got home from summer school, personal finance- not fun. 
just got home from tanning. waiting around for the new jon and kate plus 8 to come on at 9:00 tonight. back to work in the morning 
just got home from temecula.. im so fuckin tired 
Just got home from the dentist. Ugh I hate going there..my cheek and tongue (yes my tongue) is all numb 
Just woke up .5hr ago... ugh, so much work to do, yet so tired... 
just woke up + so tired 
Just woke up a bit ago now I'm waiting on S to take me to chiro. Hope it doesn't hurt too bad  #fb
just woke up a bit ago. wishing I could cuddle. 
Just woke up after 12 hrs of work. Going to buy some food I'm hungry. Then going play some games before I go back work for 12 hrs. 
just woke up after a long night out...feeling crappy cos i practically slept half of my day away 
just woke up after sitting down last night at 9pm. i guess two days without sleep hits you at the worst times 
Just woke up after sleeping 12 hours and i still have a wicked headache. 
just woke up again for the 2nd time today, i dont feel very well 
Just woke up again. Girls are lame. Totally over it. I need to know why im so fucking tired ALL THE TIME. Everyday. Zzzzzzzz. 
Just woke up an already have written some e-mail... I've to go early at University today as I have to teach at 8:30 AM! 
just woke up and getting ready for my day......work. 
just woke up and going to study again 
Just woke up and had lunch. I feel like I ate a cow, but all I ate was salade and fish 
just woke up and has soooo much to do...too bad i can't do any of it b/c i have to take kacey to grandma's and cook dinner 
Just woke up and have a terrible atomach ache!! Owwwwww  i think i'm going to cry
just woke up and i don't feel well. 
Just woke up and i feel like shit 
Just woke up and i feel sick  it's gonna be a bad week.
Just woke up and I gotta do yardwork today. 
Just woke up and I have to go to work, I'm still on Hawaii time  and I'm waisting my days.
Just woke up and i miss alexis  not cool 
just woke up and im sick. swollen throat 
Just woke up and it's not sunny 
Just woke up and my brother was trying to choke my dog! :| 
Just woke up and my stomach hurts 
just got home from the game and it feels like someone took a hammer and slapped the hell out of me!!  hahah oh well good game though
just got home from the hosp. 
just got home from the hospital! worried about my princess! 
just got home from the last day of school.  graduation tomorrow. 
Just got home from the mall after hanging out with one of my good friend who's leaving this Friday 
Just got home from the mall,I actually couldnt find anything to buy 
Just got home from the mall. I haven't been tweeting for a while. 
Just got home from the meeting. My eyes feels heavy but I'm hungry =/ And there's no food at homeeee! 
just got home from the movies....feeling kinda abandoned 
Just got home from the movies...Kinda sad.  By the time some of the movies I wanna see come out, my boyfriend will have moved away 
just got home from the RBH.... sore, sickened but alive.... 
just got home from the trip  it was fun but it's very very HOT there 
just got home from the vet. I had to drop Oswald off so he could be robbed of his manhood. 
just got home from the work house.i ssso tired 
Just got home from trying to help out a friend after the storm  Her building had the roof blown off, water and glass everywhere.  
just got home from up town... feelen pretty sick right now 
just got home from urgent care 
Just got home from watching the Sharks lose game 2 of the Stanley Cup playoffs 
Just got home from Wembley after finding the A1M closed from South Mimms to Hatfield, typical! Time for bed, up in 5 hours 
My best friend @emparkerrr never puts up happy twitters 
my best friend doesnt even want to talk to me 
My best friend doesn't get to come over today. 
My best friend forgot about my birthday. 
My best friend hates me and I feel so alone and lost right now 
My best friend is being deployed to Afghanistan 
my best friend is gone 
my best friend is leaving in six weeks to go to Romania  sad day, and i one of my other best friends was intown didnt even call me 
my best friend is moving to san francisco 
My best friend is moving today  It is going to be crazy today as I have to get stuff together tonight for trip this weekend
My best friend is officially gone 
My best friend leaves tomorrow! 
My best friend might be having her baby tonight and of course i can't be there. &amp; I'm suppose too be the God Mother  but cant be there!
my best friend turns 21 tomorrow and i won't be in ny to get her shitty  that cheers me up... noooot.
My best friend will also be going to Oregon. Seems like she has already been gone for a long time even though she only left yesterday 
my best friend, @jenniferhodder is suppose to be home today  I miss her BUNCHES!   &lt;/3
My best friends dog died this morning. Sooooo not a gud day! Woody will miss him  #fb
My best friend's friend just commit suicide, going over there now.  &lt;3
my best friendzz are ovaa yay! havin a fun time but its goin to fast  bout how rebel r weee 
My best wishes to all of those in the metro crash today  --i am hoping evryones is doing well
My bestfriend is eating dinner, i miss her already  I love you lish.
My bestfriend. Broke up ironically bcause having different opinion on how the marriage party would be 
My bestfriend's getting addicted to Facebook's Pet Society! She said iv no time 4 her coz of Twitter. Now i know how she feels 
my bestie and i had a fight over something soo soo stupid. 
my bestie just got on a plane headed for Philly....i miss her already 
My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic http://bit.ly/bRg6W (via @MileyCyrus)
My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic http://u.nu/3f98
my beta fishies dead  rip Albus
my bewbs have shrunk tremendously from all the weight loss.    In desperate need of a new bathingsuit top.  :-/
my bezzie is here now...kinda bored tho  lol hope the nyt gets better! XD!
my bf finished me after 10 months what do i do now?? 
my bf has gone away for the weekend  so i am lonely
My bf is on horse tranquilizers.  
My bf just hurt my feelings 
my bf says i send 2 many tweets a day, is that possible? 
My BFF got sick and couldn't go to Prom!!! I was so sad! 
my bff is changing of school 
My BFF is in Galsgoso we cant do anything  nd she hasnt seen 17 again so I have to take her we love Zac Efron
my bff is in the hospital Again 
My bff is suppose to write in this for me.. but he never does  ILY&lt;33333
my bf's such an ass, he removed my Sims3 off the computer and Oh.. all my hardwork and my baby's gone!!  I need to be pregnant again :'(
my bg is designed for 1440 x 900 monitors, anything bigger and it all goes to shit  (coding &gt; uploading bg files)
My bid to go to Lafayette Coney Island for late-night munchies was overridden.   Guess I'll go to bed hungry but without guilt.
my big brother is graduation 
my big dog is so mean to my little one. he full on bit her when she had some bread and he didnt 
My big girl just im'd me. She's in birmingham al, she says that She's at a dump trying to get something to eat. She's so uncomfortable 
my big globule red grapes have lots of pips in them - RUINED!!  
My big oaf of a dog might have to get put down due to the tumor in his leg 
my biggest crush got on the bus and said hi and asked how i was doing...i wanted to pounce on him right then in there but hes straight. 
my biggest fear is the doctors,ever since being in hospital for 2 weeks im scared im gonna be in there again :/ uggh i dnt wanna go 
my bike got stolen last night.  not sure what i should do about that. cops don't look into things like bikes, right?
just got home from work . . . really tired, walked instead of rode, didn't take as long as i thought it would... hmmm...no carly anymore 
Just got home from work and it's my turn to do dishes. 
just got home from work and store. starting to make dinner now. wife isn't feeling well... 
just got home from work my delightful teenage son and friends have left me loads of washing up 
Just got home from work still feeling abit sick 
just got home from work to work from home...  pretty 5h177y
Just got home from work!  Nothing to eat! 
Just got home from work, starving and there's nothing to eat here  hmm mybe I shud cook something.
Just got home from work.  I'm so tired.... 
just got home from work. and am due back to work in 7 hrs 
Just got home from work. Geoff has a sore throat  now boiling hot water to make a cup of chamomile tea. Gots the day off tomorrow! Yay 
Just got home from work. Going to bed to get up and go back to work. 
just got home from work. I WANNA GO OUT.. ahhhh! but i can't get out of the house 
just got home from work. im soaked from the rain 
just got home from work. my feet and lungs hurt 
Just got home from work. My jacket is too warm!! 
just got home from work. SLEX was really bad. 
Just got home from work. Tired. 
Just got home from work... I really don't like my job  I think it's to look for another job :S
Just got home from work...It was slow and boring  Jen is coming over to watch Weeds!
just got home from work...upper division writing test at 8:30am 
Just got home from work..I'm a little tired 
just got home gonna watch Panic Room and laugh at KStew then gonna pass out, sad to miss chat! 
Just woke up and not feeling so hot  kinda feeling like Im gonna puke...
Just woke up and now gonna get ready for work 
Just woke up and realised I've a pile of college work to do and its sunny outside 
Just woke up and realised Ive got a wee pile of homework for myself  Ill get it over and done with now so I can enjoy the rest of the day.
just woke up and remembered jeiluuh's goin home today. 
Just woke up and saw that I have a fever blister the size of a small planet on my upper lip.....so NOT cute 
Just woke up and showered. Gotta getbready for church now 
Just woke up and showered. Time to get ready for school 
Just woke up and still excited for the stuff we saw in #XboxE3, now the unfortunate waiting game 
Just woke up and still no OS 3.0 for my iPhone... Damn 
Just woke up and still sleepy but i hv 2 getting readyyy 
Just woke up and sure enough its going to rain all day in North Carolina no sun and beach for me today... 
just woke up and the power is out 
Just woke up and trying to get some eyes... And two very energetic kids, just love it..... Rasmus has 39,1C in feber  I don't like that..
Just woke up and walked to the bathroom and i didnt get a &quot;good morning&quot; or anything nice.. just a &quot;oh, your up early.&quot; oh how lovely. 
Just woke up and wondering why @ShanaStarship wants to sell her blink ticket ? 
Just woke up at 10am. Felt sooo good to slept in!! Yay! Still missing boston 
Just woke up at 3am violently ill.  just let me go back to sleeeeeep please?
just woke up at macgregor's, I have the worst headache 
Just woke up because my baby headbutted my nose 
Just woke up beside him but he's not even mines 
just woke up can't wait for the day to start yayyyy   
just woke up cause i have a cold 
just woke up cuz i was uncomfortably hot, only to find out the AC is BROKEN...free trip to africa this weekend 
just woke up dont wanna work today 
Just woke up don't want to get up 
Just woke up eh im ubbar tired    
just woke up feeling confused and anxious about upcoming events.. can't like that 
Just Woke Up Feeling Rough  Good Night With The Ladies Though 
Just got home i really want to go to my dads 
just got home in Sacramento.  Talked to dad and he sounded good but still worried 
Just got home looked in mom's room for happy in her corner  sometimes I really miss that little bugger
Just got home my end of the month went pretty well... Now can't wait fir my mini vacation that starts on my b-day on Thursday... I'm old 
just got home so tired but cant fall asleep 
just got home was fun .. drunk a bit to much i guess (A) prob no poker for me tommorow  xD
Just got home with megan, SO sleepy and still sick 
Just got home! Bye ron, eric, jan &amp; dylan!!  had a great time with u guys! I'll wait for next yr hope our plan will push thru!
Just got home! Man, its finally starting to feel like summer! 
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover 
just got home,  got some doughnuts with jovahn abd listened to hot hot heat! it reminded me of being 19 again 
just got home, detroit fireworks were lovely, tothy was a good wasted guy, overall good time, except for when i came home, no 8in stephan 
just got home, didnt get a car  Going to work now
just got home, im fuckin hungry and theres nothing to eat  FAWK!
My bike hurt me 
My bike was stolen... 
My bil &amp; sil had to put one of their dobermans down last night.  Her stomach 'turned'.  Never heard of that.  She was 10.  Very sad.  
My BIL's English Bulldog died tonight. That makes me sad. She was such a sweetie doggie. 
My bimmer was violated... 
my biological clock's all messed up. still can't sleep. 
My bio-mom is packing to leave tomorrow  I just gave her lots of suncatchers and dichro pendants though! :]
My bird is in New York partying without me  ah well!
My birthday gift for a friend won't get here until the 9th.  I was hoping to have it by today or tomorrow. 
My birthday is going to suck big time timorrow 
my birthday is in two days. i REALLY wish i was having a party  so bummed that im not
my birthday is on this Tuesday and i have nothing plan!!!!!!!!!  
my birthday sucked.  i have the most selfish friends ever, possibly. fuck em.
My birthday surprise bag from Heidi seeker came yesterday  wheeee im so excited i kept on dancing with it but mum has hid it now 
My birthday today!  was hoping to be woken by a kiss from @jennifalconer but it didn't happen  
My birthday work day has been very stressful so far. 
my birthday yesterday was a pretty good day. was supposed to go into newbury today but i'm not anymore        
My birthdays soon (well next month) and ive to find something i want ... i really dk  If i could, id get plane tickets to Washington State
My birthmark is gone. Along with some flesh. The dr didn't like it at all. 
my black suede boots are finally ripping. 4 years and running come on boots!! 
Just got home, late project  not going to make it to the comedy show. Sucks
just got home, long day at the office again 
just got home, nearly failed my GCSE psychology course - got an extension to 8:30am tmr morning - i didn't know it was due today 
just got home, the mother is gone now  i miss her already! whos going to clean my apartment now!? hahah
Just got home, today was so much fun! And I rekkkk of smoke 
Just got home, work in 5 hours 
Just got home.  Good Lord I spent WAAY too much moneys today 
Just got home.  Time to sleep. Tried calling friends but phone is iffy 
just got home. ahh its soo cold 
Just got home. Dropped off packages. Didn't get my check. WRONG NAME! 
Just got home. Feel so guilty have missed praying time 
My blackberry has a hairline fracture in the screen 
my blackberyyy nooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!   poor berrylicious
My blckberry is fked up 
My blisters hurt  Probably too much information but yeah ow
my blog is down because there is some server error 
My blood sugar just will not go up right now. It's been low for over an hour now. 
my bloodsugar is low  but im late for class..sigh.
My Bloody Valentine was great!  Reminded me of watching it every Saturday on USA while growing up.  Missed the hot dog scene though 
My blueant voice dialing has stopped working with iPhone 3.0 
My bluetooth Logitech mouse was broken today. 
My bmw has a flat tire 
My boasting earned me: One full bottle of J&amp;J Baby Powder knocking over, spilling onto my Suede Miss Sixty shoes. FML.  haa
my boddy is so sore  idk why. LOLLL so last night i snuck into a house &amp; today i had to sneak out how lovellyy ;) i miss my boyyy
My body can't take it anymore. Goodnight, Tweeps! Another busy day tomorrow.  I hope it'd only take a while this time. :| See ya.
My body feels like it got hit with a mack truck 
my body hates me and I just passed out at work but can't go home 
My body hates me. Alcohol is just no good for the soul.  
My body hates me. I don't feel good 
my body hurts and I have to be up at 7:30 AM for work tomorrow 
my body hurts but i cant get to sleep  also where are my bottle opener, bracelet and cardigan? 
My body hurts from laying in the feedle position for so long.  I'm tired of being sick, keep me in your prayers!
My body hurts soooo bad.. I don't think I can handle two more days of volleyball then a tourney on sat at onu.. Uh  i'm soooo tired!
My body hurts! Spent yesterday shoveling, hauling, &amp; spreading river rock for my mother's flower beds. I'm not as young as I used to be. 
my body hurts. this bus is uncomfortable 
My body is aching... 
my body is deciding that it needs rest. why today of all days? left bats day early because my body shut down and called in sick. 
My body is hurting from riding all those crazy roller coasters at busch gardens yesterday 
my body is hurting from working out.... 
Just got home. I made a big oops by going under the water!!! 
just got home. im a bit sad  maybe im not good enough?
Just got home. I'm EXHAUSTED. 
just got home. long day. sooooo much hw to do 
just got home. pagoood  ang lakas ng ulan. eeeee!
Just got home. Pretty tired. Long day ahead of me tomorow, hell the next week is going to be long. 
just got home. rufff. rufff, ruff night. 
Just got home. Sleeping with my mom because of andy's scary stories. 
Just got home. So tired.  Saw the bands getting ready as well for the Gethsemane Parish fiesta.
just got home. terminator was awesome. i still want to watch night at the museum though 
Just got home. The drizzles have begun. Champion of the market almost - no heirloom tomatoes 
just got home. vacation is over 
just got home. work tomorrow. i know &quot;work is a four letter word&quot;. no pool fiesta for moi  bummer.
Just got home. WOW. I HATE MANILA TRAFFIC. 
just got home.. ahhh.. now,, i'm bored.. 
just got home.. miss charleston so muchhhhh! 
Just got home.. now I have to go BACK to work.. I think I might fall asleep there 
just got home.. super tired.. throat hurts too 
just got home... gee, I'm stuffed again... gotta go on diet next 6 days 
Just got home.... Its raining, Cant go out  I want some hot coco and cinnamon rolls NOW!
just got home.....bedtime....ahh I am so sick of two certain people right now I could scream!! Scared to death for the show...... 
just got home.....it's friday,,what to do?  Definently not my mans homework like he wants..hell no...    :o
Just got home....waitin for my studsband to get off work....I need to smoke but it aint the same without my boo 
my body is in a lot of pain tonight, and nothing has ever really worked for my fibromyalgia.  I'd like to be a normal healthy 25 year old.
my body is in pain!  and my heart too..
my body is killing me....why?!?!?! 
my body is really need break after saman dance lesson 
My body is rejecting all that junk food  http://twitpic.com/6t7sy
My body is so burnt. I'm in pain 
My body is sore. 
my body is totally limp and weak.  sushi tomorrow, hit me up if you're down!
My body isn't happy with me. Neck has a kink, tummy is angry, knee is creaky. I know I ate pasta yesterday (oops), but come on! 
My body keeps fighting off sleep as though it were a disease. I'm blaming all the soda I had today. Shouldve known better 
my body says nooooo but my wallet says yessssssss 
My body seriously aches so bad. I'm laying in bed and can't even get up to get some pain killers  Halp!
My body still aches from being in the cold all day!  
My body's still sore from yesterday and i think i'm gna get sick 
My boinga was mad at me today 
My bone hurts  i got kicked again! I was goalie today, I wouldnt let the guys score! bwahaha im soo good! but competitive!
My bonus for this month is going to be absolutely pathetic. What a way to bring down my otherwise great day, job. 
My boo be back tomorrow but my ace leave tonight! 
My boo gotta work on fathers day 
my boob is blistering from sunburns  I have SPF 85 
My booboo  http://short.to/55of
My Boobs hurt. Really bad. 
My booch took her first steps last night! Were did all the time go.... 
my booger's birthday is this weekend and im gonna miss it!  @princessmeliss
My book habit is going to be the end of me 
My book has arrived... Uoooohoooo... but I wasn't home...  *Running home*
My book will be out soon! Had to take my industrial out  Fuuuuuuuuuuuck
my booty is shrinking... 
my boss at work is about to change. i hope the new boss is cool. this one was like a buffer from the shit in office. sad 
My boss is on vaykay, &amp; have to go in to work no matter what in her absence. I'm so tired, and not looking forward to today 
my boss kindly pulled some strings to get me some reference experience.  i start in a half hour.  kinda nervous.  okay really nervous.  
my boss won't let me ride the bike because im not trained. and he said he won't traind me  lol its not even a bike its a TRICYCLE!
My bottle of @3floyds Pop Skull was stolen by our housesitter! he &quot;had a meltdown and drank it.&quot; Said he'd replace it.  Not possible dude.
My bottom two ribs (in the front) are always bruisey when i wake up. I somehow sleep on them. 
My box recorded One Tree Hill instead of Gilmore Girls!!  Grrrr. But it's still labelled as Gilmore Girls?? I don't know how it did it 
My boy and I had a fight and he drove away.  Now he doesn't answer the phone ...
My boy failed his exams. Sucks. 
my boy had caught, get well soon,dear.. Sorry,i cant meet u today.. 
My boy has to work an all nighter at work tonight.    Silver lining?  I get our queensize bed all to myself :-D
My boy is really ill. I hope he's gonna be ok 
My boy Shane didn't do so hot tonight on SYTYCD  hope they bring him back
My boyf is such a knob!  I miss Turkey 
my boyf wants to charge me for the internet 
My boyfriend doesn't love me  I feel so great 
my boyfriend got in a car accident today ! 
my boyfriend hasnt told me hes made it home  im worrrieddddd.
My boyfriend is horrible 
My boyfriend is lame 
My boyfriend is lame and won't play dirty games with me 
my boyfriend just called it quits...per TEXT MESSAGE!!!  
my boyfriend just called me a cow  please everyone yell at him
My boyfriend says now that he also go's to bed 
my boyfriend thinks im faaat 
My boyfriend's going camping. I hope the boogie bear doesn't get him 
My boyfriend's going to see Oasis today and I'm not...it's shit 
My boys are almost gone 
My boys are leaving me  goodluck to them...ill deff miss them
My boys are wheels up. 
My boys birthday today. He's now 12. I'm starting to feel old! 
My boys tonight...finale   watching Chris Matthews -- lots of talk re: new supreme court appointee...of course the repubs hope 4 failure
my bracelet my friend gave me broke. im sad. 
my braces are gone, after a year and a half of wanting them off..i'd like them back 
my brain died 
My brain feels like its melting. 
My brain hurts, too much information stuck in the head. 
my brain is all muddled  i dont like it. need to get outta this house immediately!
my brain is being very annoying today &gt; i feel like i'm rotting at home...! this isn't good. 
My brain is filled to the brim with economics theories. When will this end? 
My brain is frying fr0m math problems  *SaMaRiA*
my brain is hurting - well, thats what 5 hours of english coursework does to you 
my brain is not functionning 
my brain is powering down 
My brain might explode... and I have no lunch. 
My brain was so stucked i dont know what to write on this hell script of drama 
my brain's about to explode  i need a break!
My brains is being a run away train as liza bo biza likes to call it. I miss her 
my breakfast all over the floor. DOH!!! Had to go with plan B......ramen noodles and kool aid  
my breast hurt 
My breath smells like coffee  but I'll I've done is brush my teeth strange.
my breath smells, so no morning kisses for me 
My bridesmaid dress for this weekend is so horrible I could burst into tears. 
my bro cut my internet last night to upgrade it without waiting for me to say bye on msn 
my bro got 80% lol yay!and ive lost my voice 
My bro hurt his stomach &amp; I was comforting him right? Then when I pat his knee, I realize his pants are wet. Turns out he peed on me 
My bro is going to China for 17 days!    I'm crying! :'(
my bro went back 2 go 2 work with my uncle 
My broadband is running at dial-up speeds 
my broken arm hurts 
My brother &amp; parents computer broke so now they are hassling for my laptop. 
My brother called and I missed it. 
my brother claims to have seen Fernando Torres' new baby, is he lying or what? I can't find any pics!! 
My brother fucked up his Benz when he hit a deer today  awwh
My brother got approved for the marines 
my brother has a cast and he won't let me sign it 
My brother has gone crazy: seeing ghosts, telling a stranger &quot;you know me,&quot; thinking movie subtitles are special messages for him. Lol + 
my brother has my marianas trench cd :'( i can't drive without that ! 
My brother is graduating tomorrow! Its gonna be a pretty emotional day for me. and it'll be rainy. That won't help my mood any. 
my brother is in barcelona, i am here in berlin. he made the best coffee  (rbs)
My brother is in the hospital. Got to go and visit him. 
My brother is leaving to go back to berlin  After that I am all alone again 
my brother is lost the twitteo? 
my brother is mad @ me because I didn't get him an ice cap on my way home!!  he says im not a good sister :'(
my brother is so MEAN to my dog! 
My brother is telling his kid how to put peanut butter on his dick and let the dog lick it off.  
My brother just called to say Dad is back in hospital. Not much of a Father's Day for him 
my brother just said when i am older i will be a tramp who lives in a dirty house with animals with wierd names and tadpoles everywhere 
My brother just spilled soda all over my leggings now I gotta shower am miss Deadliest Warrior 
My brother leaves in two weeks. 
My brother must hate me. He didn't answer his phone  and he didn't call me back. Either that or he's sleeping or at work. ;)
My brother thinks Twitter is gay. 
my brother told me that im insomniac.NOOOO! I guess im really back to my old january self 
My brother-in-law just scared me in the fucking hallway! 
my brothers baseball game was cancelled.  now imma be missin vball. sorry girls!
my brother's friends are making fun of me because i have AIDS 
my brothers fuckin stupid. now he has to move out. now i wont have a brother to kick it with anymore 
My brother's goldfish died. One down two more to go 
My brother's iTouch has wifi! Of course I can only use it when he's asleep 
my brothers upset 
My brothers-in-law tom and @rnchell spent an hour looking for breakfast in the ghetto  we failed and found an aweful mcdonalds...
My browser is slow to load  Taj
my brudder, m and i working different slots next week  who else can i make up lomance lomance stories of ah bengs (at the arcade) with?
My Bruins are losing right now 
my bruise. it looks like i have 2 elbows.  http://tinyurl.com/lxdfoy
My bruises hurt. 
my brunch and renegade craft fair date had to cancel 
My Bub came!!!!!! I do miss her so   
My buddy is gone and no one to talk to 
my budget's going to be very tight for the next few months   ah well, I'll have space for guests and a door between sleeping &amp; living area
My bug bite is changing colors with my pulse. 
My Bugatti will make 253 mph, but there's always traffic! I coulda got a house for 1.7 million. 
My builder says he wants to install a french drain in my backyard. There goes a good part of my lawn   
My bum is going to be hurting when Paul comes home! 
My bum is not lovin life right now 
My bum is numb.  been sitting in one position for almost 2 hours &amp; I have 4 or 5 more to go, roar! Haha
My bump has a bigger bruise! It hurts 
My bunny died 
my burn hurts, 
My Burt's Bees broke in the Wild Side West BBQ area.  R.I.P.
my bus broken down going through central park and i forgot my umbrella and had to walk very, very far to get to work.  
My butt hurts like crazy 
My butt hurts.  - http://tweet.sg
My butt is as wide as the chair I am sitting in.  I don't like it 
my buttoxxxxxx hurts  no bueno, no bueno indeed.
My buzz is dying... 
My buzz went away... 
My C4 email is down... 
my cab to the airport just got pulled over by cop for illegal right turn!  hope I don't miss flight
my cabeza hurts! 
My cable company dropped HDNet without warning. That was one of my favorite channels. 
My cable doesn't turn back on till mon... IM GOING TO MISS MOST OF US OPEN 
my cable internet connection is ridiculously slow today. 
My cable is going bye-bye today for the rest of the summer 
my cactus died 
my cake fell apart!!  http://plurk.com/p/11dnkp
My cake frosting was the consistency of sperm 
my calf muscle is cramping 
my calf, Jaren, got out this morning. he's so dumb. i think he ran away  maybe he'll get hungry and come home!!
My calves are killing me from yesterday's dance call at the audition. And I'm still sick  fingers crossed for callbacks!
my calves hurt so bad. no more stairs for me...well until i get home 
my CALVIN KLEIN specs have decided to start failing me last week. giving me MAJOR headaches. smh 
my camera broke 
My camera did not survive our fourth night in vegas 
my camera died right after demi  i need wembley photos
My camera finally broke  Ugh, so many things I need are breaking!
My camera is hospitalised  #fb
my camera is not working, holy eeeffff 
my camera is nott workingngngngnng. -cries- 
My camera is taping but no Internet for streaming.  #fbmia
My candy bag is almost empty.. how sad!  haha!
My car broke and i got robbed last night 
My car broke down  uhg. trapped in Terre Haute until Saturday probably.  fucking death. who wants to go out tonite???
My car broke down and now I have to walk to work in the rain 
my car broke down!  i just got home--glad that d two truck driver gave me a ride home--jesus christ i dont wanna buy a new car
My car died this morning.  On top of everything that happened yesterday.  Whoever put the hex on me please let me know what I did wrong? 
My car died today!  bye bye little beaker!
My car got a flat tire 
my car got egged  fuck!
Just got home...my crew went to play tennis without me  I refuse to go to another graudation this year ♥
just got home..so tiredddd 
just got home..very crazy day...i hate firing people, especially wheb they dont take it well 
just got homeee. another day of family bonding. getting stuff situated for the funeral  i miss you grandpa
just got homeee. bestfriends moving to Texas tomorow  #dfizzyyy &lt;3
just got homeee. need to revise  me and charley just recorded our phone call. sooo cool 
just got hooooooome!!! grabe!! I'm hungry na!! 
just got in ...hungoverrrr 
just got in a fight with my mom 
Just got in and exhausted.....still got to sort out something for Tea 
Just got in at work. Need caffeine. Robot vs Monster -  http://twitpic.com/7mr66 - innocent wombat caught in the middle. 
Just got in from group reading &amp; told 1 person 2 B careful of speeding ticket. Well guess who got the darn speeding ticket? ME!! Figures 
Just got in from meeting a very strange person 
just got in from my sisters graduation. IM SORRY KRYSTAL! 
just got in from school + fkin hell dance wos shit !  dint do filming cos i kept fkin it up :@
my car has broken down 
My car has diedddd 
My car has failed its mot  
my car id poorly 
My car insurance just tripled, moving to California from Colorado.  I guess that's another reason to stay rural.
my car is a vegetable  im really depressed. And people who chew other people's gum, are grose.
my car is about to be infultrated by projectile vomit 
My car is broken - overheating. (Engine smoking = Bad) I hope it's not expensive to fix. 
my car is dead... 
my car is fucking broke, AGAIN. im so fucking useless without my piece of old crap 
My car is fucking up 
my car is gone for the day  i hate being stranded!
my car is gone..on its way to chicago 
my car is not a compact, but a mid-size sedan. alas, only compact spaces are available. 
my car is not working still!!  Actually, it is but too scared to drive because what if it stops out of no where!! HAHHAHAHH
My car is officially dead. RIP Nancy. 
my car is officially dead...totaled..gone...forever 
My car is officially repo'd. Bye bye Bucephalus. I'll miss you.  #fb
My car is on it's deathbed.  PLEASE return to me, I kind of need you! 
my car is ready (again).  muffler not as inexpensive as i thought 
My car is so small! I miss the big truck! 
My car is totaled. Rip 
my car just died. Shit i have a tear 
my car juuust reached 10,000  i dont like it
My car might have to be totaled 
my car needs air 
My car says it is 101 outside. 
My car smells like food &amp; wet assss 
My car still sucks more than before. To ignore it I am walking thru White Park alone  Very Central Park of WV if I do say so.
My car won't start!!!! 
my car wont start, some switch is broken  gotta buy a new one yay -.-
My carelessness led to wiping out all contacts on my iPhone 
my cartilage hurts like hell today can't get my ring in 
My case, however, has not shipped 
My cat appears to be sulking with me for taking him to the vet today. He has a cyst on is head 
my cat bit my ear, wouldn't let go, then fell asleep...ouch 
my cat Bono is missing 
My cat broke my chair. 
My cat cut my hand and now it hurts 
my cat died this morning 
my cat doesnt like when i say omnomnom 
my cat gets scared during storms 
My cat got attacked by a stray and has to go to kitty hospital 
just got in from the gym...TIREEED. watching ocean's eleven, hmrw time 
just got in from work, my feet are very sore and i gave in to hunger and got a mc donalds 
Just got in from work, now relax for a few hours before bed and do it all over again in the early a.m. No Friday night for me 
just got in from work, shame i missed all the hot sun today REALLY wanted to go beach.  x
Just got in from WWPhilly. No @kahunablair sightings. 
Just got in major clean mode............leaving for Las Vegas tomorrow night, yay! I will miss my kittie though 
Just got in the car to do a quick shop .. discovered it's covered in bird sh*t  
just got in the crib, dreadin goin to work tomorrow, 
just got in the office and carrying on with my favorite summer drink, lemsip!!  Got the Lem bit right of it 
just got in!!!!! Cali babi! yehhh bois! o and speaking of bois, im missing mine  xox
just got inside from a nice walk around the neighborhood. i failed at catching a lightning bug. 
just got into manchester, i miss everyone already    i want to move to england.
Just got into the Uncharted 2 Beta after three weeks of trying.FUCK YEAH.Too bad its closed in like three days 
Just got into town.. I need so much sleep but have so much to do this afternoon 
Just got kicked off the internet  darn.
just got killed by like 150 points 
just got mud in my eye ow 
Just got my activation code for the iphone developers license, but the activation failed  Apple seems to be having some problems....
Just got my arse whooped repeatidly in COD5 
just got my ass kicked, ONCE AGAIN, by @LadyFiveStar in Worms. her constant talk about her lip stuff and popping her lips makes me lose 
just woke up for no apparent readon and realized...IM F'N SICK! dammit! this is nooooot sexy! CLENEX PLEASE!! 
Just woke up for school  startin new timetable today tho :-D
Just woke up for the 2nd time today... I won't be able to sleep tonight now 
just woke up from a 10 hour nap. i was shooting for 2. this is why i rarely nap. it never works. 
just woke up from a 4 plus hour nap... my face is all red 
Just woke up from a bad dream 
Just woke up from a dleep, I forgot to send my cover letter and CV earlier 
Just woke up from a dream, in which I had won the lottery. I really thought I had. Ahh well. 
Just woke up from a five hour nap. I still have a headache.  Medication time!
just woke up from a LONG nap-only 2 see the most beautiful sight in the world...@crsete half naked...too bad I can't see the WHOLE pkg. 
just woke up from a nap &amp; not feeling too well... ugh freaking In N Out 
Just woke up from a nap and everything hurts.  Whyyy must I get sick?!
just woke up from a nap. feeling a little sinus-ey. 
Just woke up from a nap. Gonna start studying soon  studying is really boring...
Just woke up from a nap. Still kinda tired :/ I want some red and green sour patch a lot of people ate them in class today 
Just woke up from a nice nap. Unfortunately, my stomach hurts, as usual. 
Just woke up from a nightmare.. Ugh it felt so real 
Just woke up from a rather sad dream. I have to admit I miss him. And no, it's not anything romantic, folks. I hate having a heart 
just woke up from an accidental sleep. 
Just woke up from an awesome nap!  still feeling under the weather though.
Just woke up from an awful dream about @phillyd.  Glad it was only a dream.
just woke up from an awful rest. humid and sticky feeling. can i get a break? 
just woke up from bed sooo taierd 
Just woke up from do awful dream now i cant get back to sleep.. 
just woke up from grand sleep!! This is the life, sad its only till 1.7.09 then back to work 
Just woke up from having a horrible dream..i can't even get back to sleep now 
just woke up from my nap but my phone alarm didnt go off so i slept for 2 hours instead of one and missed home and away 
Just woke up from my nap. This flu is serious, headache headache 
Just woke up from my nap... Not feelin so hot, think I'm gonna lay it back down 
Just woke up from nap way past dinner time. 
just woke up from napping  hw time!
Just woke up from napping.. Still feel like poo.  
just woke up from naptime, headache' still there 
Just woke up from the best nap ever...its the weather 
just woke up from the most vivid, sketchy, not-cool dreams of my life. time to stare at the wall with the lights on. 
Just woke up from the weirdest dream with severe stomach pains...I feel nauseous 
just woke up from uber nap... fuck i hate it when i fall asleep and all of a sudden its 5pm.  so much left to do
Just woke up getting ready  sooooo tired!!
Just woke up going to get somthing to eat the clean before mom gets home. No wow today 
Just woke up going to school 
JUST WOKE UP I HAVE A DOCS APPOINMENT TODAY 
Just woke up I must be poorly 
just woke up in yuma. wish i didn't have to leave today 
just woke up laying in the bed...i had a bad dream...    in Douglasville, GA http://loopt.us/g-LtkQ.t
Just woke up leaving to go home soon. Still tired 
Just woke up like 5 mins ago just waiting for bus I cba 
My cat has a terrible eye infection. She's too old for the treatment. Vet may have to put her down 2morrow 
My cat has been missing for 2 days. I am freaking out. 
my cat has gone away 
My cat has moved off my bed and now I'm cold 
My cat hates me. 
My cat is attacking my feet.  Even he can't be nice today.  
My cat is dead.   I love he.
my cat is ignoring me. bitch. 
my cat is in my closet... he's gonna be ruining my stash of art works 
My cat is missing   
My cat is missing because somebody accidentally let her out.  I hope she comes home soon.
My cat is really sick again. Hope he can pull out of it 
my cat is sick  I don't know why and my dad &amp; mom won't take her to the vet  but if I get my will, we're going tomorrow... hope I do...
My cat is sick .i love u ,blair 
My cat is sick again. 
my cat is sick again... congestive heart failure .. not sure if she's going to make it this time 
My cat is sleeping on the comforter again! Im stuck with the little blanket 
My cat is sleeping on the couch. I want to play with it! I am so sad 
My cat is trying to sit on my laptop 
my cat just pased away today  thats a really sad day today!! its suck! i don`t believe in god any more!
My cat just savaged my hand 
my cat just scratched the crap out of my arm,and it won't stop bleeding,its like a 8 inch scratch 
My cat just tripped my little brother up and he spilt his Dip Dab everywhere - now I have none 
My cat keeps choking me his body. This isnt normal. 
my cat ran away. actually my husband throw her out. 
my cat Ty died on Wedsenday  
My cat was just WAILING at the door. opened it up &amp; he brought me a mouse &amp; was all purrr purrr look what i brought! Ugh. Still alive too 
My cat went missing yesterday 
My catholic guilt is setting in cuz I didn't get up 2 goto church  -Bad christian!
my cats makin wierd sounds &amp; i dont feel well, i hatez bein a girl 
my cats r catching cold &amp; look so sick  poor lil ones!
My cats refuse to come back in now Pebbles has gone and are not eating their food. 
My cat's still arent back  @Aieshaaaa Im making little poster things 
My cc# got scammed and used on the internet  bastards-all that energy towards scamming folks could be spent making legit $$
My ceiling is leaking...sleeping on the couch 
Just got my boys home. Now it's off again- this time to nana's. ugh. 
just got my cell back... but it doesn't work... why?? aww... 
Just got my dates for study abroad. Classes start sept 7 and end on january 10. No christmas this year 
Just got my daughter a hair cut and she looks like a teenie bopper! 
just got my finger smashed 
just got my haircut &lt;3 and there is no sour cream for my baked potato 
Just got my haircut... I look like the kid from Home Alone 
Just got my heart brocken twice today  &amp; he doesnt even care or know  !!!  How can life be so cruel? Omg i'm going to cry...P.S i love u
just got my june work schedule...so much for getting a car this summer 
Just got my last molar out!!... really hating life right now! 
Just got my new car, a '94 Honda Accord, I really really like it. Much nicer than my previous car. Poor poor little dodge neon. 
Just woke up my back and shoulder have been hurting for 3 days now...i hate the 1st of every month cuz rents due 
Just woke up n off 2 skl 
Just woke up nd still feelin like crap  ughhh
Just woke up now I'm getting ready to go to the dentist.  boo dentist!
just woke up out of a dead sleep, only to realize it was 1:07, and B never called to say happy birthday.  Promptly started crying. 
just woke up post-call. Aching all over 
just woke up qand still tired 
Just woke up School is a dud  haha See you guys in a bit! go swagbucks go!!! http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/iBuProFeN
just woke up sooo board i really don't wont 2 go 2 school  stupid play grrr!!!
just woke up sooo tired i have a headache 
just woke up sooooo early!! 
just woke up sooooooo tired 
Just woke up to be greeted with revision. And all I really wanna do is go back on that bouncy castle 
Just woke up to find myself laying in bed with no bed quilt  soo cold! i hate english weather. So, tell me... what is your goal in life? x
Just woke up to people argueing...what a treat 
Just woke up to see the SUN !!! where did that come from !? Busy day ahead though 
Just woke up- went to bed at 12 last night and woke up at 10! School tomorrow though :/ I don't wanna' wake up early 
Just woke up wishing I was asleep 
just woke up with @UMPIERREZ at jennys house. Going out to eat with my dad, i wanna go to the beachhhh 
Just woke up with a nasty cough 
just woke up with god awful stomach cramps! Owwww 
Just woke up with the sharpest pain in my chest  ugh
just woke up with the worst headache everrr! today is not a good day 
Just woke up yawn and got to get ready for work  nice day tho xx
just got my pic taken for my passport. its a bad photo tho 
Just got my retainer yesterday and today when I woke up it was quite sore and hard to speak 
Just got my shots. Ew 
Just got My Tiger Woods 10 from ebay =D  Shame I have 6 hours before I get home 
just got my tonsils out  i feel like poop.  hopefully gabby comes over today, cheer me up.
Just got myself to save and quit my Sims 2 game  Ahh, I've forgotten how fun it was to play it.
Just got news my dog has passed 
Just got news someone tried to murder my uncle in kenya  shot three time, in hospital, lost a kidney... so scary
just got news that my cousins wont be making the trip to Phoenix  My oldest cousin got sick &amp; shes at home recovering
Just got notified that a 2 year saga stemming from our crazy manager will come to a close and result in a $6000 fine from the state. Yeah 
Just got off a bus with *no* A/C.  was at least 100 deg, no joke. #excellenttransitsystems
Just got off ichat with my boo! I miss him 
Just got off of a hard days work. My feet hurt so bad from standing all day! Oh well, i have 2 do the exact same thing 2morrow 
just got off of work. now i have nothing to do cause everyone has plans except me 
Just got off the boat   my foot hurts. back to reality ughhhhh
Just got off the moo machine. Not sure how much longer I can do this 
Just got off the ph to my bff, he is having a hard time 
Just got off the phone w/ the foks iin accounting, this bad economy means layoffs are comming @ the Institute 
just woke up yo...i feel sick  somebody make me soup pwease :/
Just woke up! Had a pretty bad day. Sold my guitar. 
just woke up! looks rainy out  no pool today?
Just woke up! Play practice today  ughhhhhhhh
Just woke up! Soooooooooooooooooooo tired.... 
Just woke up!! Another day n bed!!  someone come play w me lol .... Jammin to SUBLIME crazy FOOL!
Just woke up!! Still feel a little drunk  But that's going to be fine isn't it???
Just woke up, about to bring my grandma and aunt to the airport for their trip back home to the philippines 
Just woke up, alwys try to wake up earlier but it's hard  last night I set the alarm rang every 5 min  for ths morning, but it didn't work
just woke up, and i dont think im gonna end up finishing my corusework! 
just woke up, and its proper dizzy 
Just woke up, bout to call clay back. I'm so tired &amp; I think I'm getting sick 
Just woke up, but I feel exhausted 
Just woke up, but still in my bed. Don't wanna step out and learn 
just woke up, gunna have to go soon  i dun wanna get to school
Just woke up, Have an exam at half one, I Really cant be bothered. I just feel like lying in  X
just woke up, i had a weird dream (my boss on it! damn!) ok, i think i need to write my articles. 
Just woke up, must have been asleep for 14 hours. CG-Podcast is on hiatus till im well. Im too weak and contagious 
Just woke up, neck hurts like a motherducker. 
just woke up, need to go open the store... why can we close on sunday 
Just woke up, no body is home. Nothing in the house was on, and it's storming. Creepy 
just woke up, now about to drive 10 hours to virgina, yuck! Bye Massachusetts 
Just woke up, on my way to the gym. Tired 
Just woke up, so hungover. Partied with tori lane last night lol. Not going to lie, I miss the girl I love. I wish she was here 
just woke up, so too late to go to church.  wouldn't it be nice to have a job that didn't require me to work weekends?
Just woke up, still don't feel good  gonna watch a movie
Just woke up, still in my bed with my notebook.  My lil cat is lost, can't find here anywere    
Just woke up, thinking about my drawing style...whaaaa i'm such a lazy ass 
Just woke up, worst night sleep ever!. My head hurts  but yeah.. off to go shower, i smelly.
Just woke up, wow I'm lazy! Work from three til eight 
just woke up,.. about to go get something to eat. UGH im SOooooooo Tired 
just woke up,need to study for my driverslicence 
Just woke up.  For some reason I thought I was on holidays somewhere nice.  Alas, I am not.  Have to do laundry 
Just woke up.  Mark's phone is off 
Just woke up.  working overtime today. On a sunday! And a bank holiday!! Grrrr 
