just woke up! good mornin twits! it is morning right?! lol jk  .. i need to roll up and have my wake and bake ! LMAO
Just woke up! Ugh I have to work! Can u say Amp? Oh yes the red one please 
just woke up!!! hav my grandmas b'day lunch 2day and i get 2 wear the dress mum wouldn't let me get but she bought it 4 me in the end 
It's refreshing listening to Radio 3 whilst at work... at a radio station... 
IT'S ROCKETS TIME... or will be tonight.  Von Wafer aaaaaaaall night!
It's sad how &quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet&quot; ended, but in the end, they were better off. 
it's sad I am professional but someday i'd really like to share some of the &quot;corporate&quot; bullshit I have to read everyday 
it's sat!  wait..i was on vacation all week, everyday was sat   i want everyday to be sat next week too!
its saterday!!! and my friend blair is coming over and then were heading 2 a graduation partyyyyy at 4:00 
It's Saturday and I'm feelin a bit BLAH but still happy it's the weekend 
is fake tanning yet again! 
is falling asleep to 'Comfortable' by John Mayer. Sir, you are beautiful at song writing. Goodnight to all 
is falling asleep to the humming of the computer....night night 
Is Falling Back To Sleep! What's Wrong With Me Today...? Major Caffiene Time! LOL 
is falling for someone new 
is feelin alot more refreshed after morning shower. time to have breakfast.  x
is feelin happy 4 a change 
is feelin it 
Is feelin right rite now 
is feeling a lot of love today. 
just woke up, but damn its time for work already. 1st day at Vanity wish me luck 
Just woke up, cant sleep... Need to twit... 
Just woke up, cba getting out of bed. Going town later. 
just woke up, check my bb, and find out: someone send me a voice note, and say &quot;i love you bernadetteyld&quot;! 
just woke up, gettin ready to go college 
just woke up, getting ready to go town. 
just woke up, getting something to eat, laying by the pool...CANDACE COME HOME NOOOOOWWWW!! I MISS YOU 
Just woke up, going through to town later for some lunch - but for now I think I will get up and get a shower 
Just woke up, going to make sure I got everything that I needed for my Perth trip then get ready and I will be off to the airport 
Just woke up, gonna go out for a run in a little bit, after guests leave 
just woke up, hopefully going to see the Xmen film today? 
just woke up, i actually love how i dont suffer from hangovers 
Just woke up, im so happy with my new clothes...and my new bag!! there are awesome 
just woke up, it sounds like it's raining outside... Yes! It is 
Just woke up, kinda looked like a zombie, accidentally left my eye-makeup on so I had black smudged around my eyes 
just woke up, mommy is gone, getting my hair colored today  YEY can't  wait! 
just woke up, nice day 
Its scott whipples birthday tooodayyy. I think hes 35!!  hahaha go scott go!
it's SERIOUSLY POURING!! i love the rain 
it's settled. beach today. 
It's siesta time at Rome! 
it's snowing pink and white cherry flower petals outside 
Its snowing! ay..no school 
Its Snowing!! 
Its so awesome to see what people are really doing out there! 
Its so beautiful out  THANK YOU.
it's so beautiful outside... I love California 
It's so boiling :| Sat watching Drake and Josh whilst eating Lemon sorbet 
It's so boring.. I wanna se PCD 
Its so cold here in santa monica 
it's so cold here! thanks heating i love u!  lol
It's so cold right now, but im excited  I thought I wasn't gunna sleep on the bus but it's more likely,i wish i had sunglasses like K2
It's so cold. Keen for tonight! 
is feeling better, but not 100% just yet. I'm sure by the end of the week I'll be worse and then I'll have the weekend to recover! 
is feeling better....the music really works! watching the lil kids today..and now...NUMBERS  1...2...3...
is feeling considerably better 
is feeling duper sleeping about now!  haha.
is feeling especially girly today 
Is feeling extremely happy for some reason. 
is feeling good after a nice phone call and a soak in the hottub  i think i may go buy ice cream now 
is feeling hungry but loving the sunshine 
is feeling inspired!!! i love this web &amp; animation thingy!! wahahah..  
is feeling kinda weird; this weekend is actually a weekend! 
is feeling less miserable now, thank you Connor 
is feeling like a Macca's Caramel sunday 
Its so cute like she's so happy she keeps saying there names im like &quot;ok sweetie i see them&quot; hahaha.awww they look so adorable!  ?
ITS SO FUCKING HOT  every bodys lying down and me and em are under my umberella  x
It's so funny 2 listen 2 Dagny, my mommy's friend, when she is mad 'bout something and are telling it 2 my mommy! 
Its so funny that some of the players here think that my new puppy is a cat! They're so shocked when my puppy barks.. Ha ha ha... 
Its so good to wake up at 5in the morning and go to the gym 
its so hard to get mum to answer the phone!! happy mothers day to her anyways.. 
It's so hot here, gosh .  i just wanna be in a pool in my bikini 
Just woke up, ORL up by 16 @ start of Fth quarter, gonna eat hard to find Indonesian food for lunch later... Gonna be a good day 
Just woke up, shoud have been at school an hour and a half ago : / Ah well  Finished my music course today  Have a nice day peoplee..
Just woke up, the sun is shining, what a lovely morning! 
just woke up, watching t-v,  going to grandpast b-day party 
just woke up,happy mothers day 
Just woke up.  Hauent slept like that in foreuer.  
Just woke up.  lol. &amp;&amp; hunqry.
just woke up.  so happy school doesn't start until 11:40.
Just woke up.  Time to get my last stuff packed, get some breakfast and head off to E3.  Look for updates from LA pretty constantly.  
just woke up. (: Good Afternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/xcsnb
Just woke up. 4 days 
Just woke up. Banana nut cherios make the start of my day much better. 
just woke up. can't remember the last time i took a nap. i feel amazing 
Just woke up. Cheese toast for breakfast. YUM! 
just woke up. dance class at 11:30...clare's pool party at 3 
Just woke up. Dreamt that I was pregnant and had given birth... and woke up incredibly relieved that I had/was not 
Just woke up. Eating honey hoops 
just woke up. getting ready then having lunchh. hopefully i can go to forever 21 today 
Just woke up. God weather here in oslo today. Looking foward to going out and eating with my mom. 
Just woke up. Going to art today. Last Class!!! 
Just woke up. Gonna be drinking from 2 o'clock today! PRODIGY TONIGHT OMGZORZROFLMAOMGLOL          
is feeling more and more like the light at the end of the tunnel is, in fact, *not* an oncoming train! 
is feeling motivated this morning.  
is feeling poop! but looking forward to work 2mora and something new to play on  happy days!
is feeling really happy 
is feeling rebellious for only the 2nd time in her life. 
is feeling relieved  http://plurk.com/p/z7lrq
Is feeling roaring and ready to go  YAY!! For public holidays!
is feeling sick .... oh well, i reckon those people on the bus cursed me.... Anyways, nighty night all!! 
just woke up. gonna eat breakfast then pack some more. then walk down to the tanning salon 
Just woke up. Gonna go to my parents' place and tan myself like never before 
Just woke up. Goodmorning world  It's about 12:10... Lunch time. I want some sanndwich 
Just woke up. got work from 10am-3pm 
just woke up. had a great dream that involved adam lambert last nighttttt 
just woke up. having my coffee and eating Almond Pocky. What a healthy breakfast 
Just woke up. Having no school is the best feeling ever 
Just woke up. I feel great. 
Just woke up. I love Saturday's!  How is everyone today? Southern Indianapolis through Cincy and south under slight risk of severe today.
Just woke up. I think I am gonna see Star Trek today 
Just woke up. I wonder what God has in store for today!  JReb lip sync tonight! Woohoo!! Alright, everyone have a wonderful day!
just woke up. I'm such a lazy ass I didn't run today  oh well
just woke up. Kayaking at the lake on this beautiful day 
just woke up. kinda tired. watching regis and kelly. 
just woke up. last night Coldplay was incredible. now layin in this comfortable hotel bed 
just woke up. last night i figured out it was just a break. so feeling better. gettin him back soooooooooooon I HOPE! 
Just woke up. Naps are good. 
Just woke up. No bread left, need to have my daily nuttela sandwich. Sunny day today. Off to sixth form in a while. 
Just woke up. Not so confussed anymore.  let's read!
just woke up. off 2 day. bout 2 make breakfast and enjoy my day.  
is feeling very happy despite the amount of work that i need to do today!!! Happy times 
is fiddling with traktor today 
is filling out applications. Taco bell, YEAH!  Me and Morgan are GOING to work together, hopefully. &lt;3
is filling out UPCAT forms  http://plurk.com/p/11d6j5
is filming a vlog while we speak 
is finally 21 
is finally a few days off  so excited!!!!!! then interning!!!
is finally allowed to go out 
is finally back at home base in auckland, nz! will post pics soon. it's warmer here 2, yay!  #fb
Is finally back on editing 'The Battle' After numerous teething problems 
is finally back on Twitter. 
is finally bunkin in her place tomorrow night.. can't wait to sleep on a matress 
is finally done with her intern! wasssuuuppp 
is finally done with most of her work and is now watching Coraline 
Its SO hot in Stavanger! Looking forward to Folgefonna, summer and snow at the same time. Weee 
it's so hot outside !  Mom and I r sitting outside and talking about old times 
It's so hot outside and I luv it so much 
It's so hot that what is left of my brain has dribbled out into my keyboard...eeerggghh 
Its so hot.... I love it 
It's so incredibly hot outside! Who'd thought it could be so warm in Norway??! At least U'm getting a nice tan 
It's so lovely outside again. Success! 
It's so nice out today! Outside enjoying it 
Its so nice out!!! Project is on hold right now because Im going out to enjoy such a beautiful day! 
it's so nice out, i think i'll go read and lay outside 
Its so nice out...going to get a tan 
just woke up. rest assured i will be ready by 8. farmers market with @TexTulip today! 
Just woke up. Shower time. Everyone will be here in a little bit!! 
Just woke up. So glad this is the last week with homework 
just woke up. still tired. rawr. show tonight at the 7 venueee! 
Just woke up. Thank goodness I got to sleep in! Still feelin a lil tired but it was great seeing so many familiar faces last nite. 
Just woke up. the past couple of weeks have been well..different, but I think things are taking a turn for the best. Goin to get ready 
Just woke up. Watching Chelsea Lately. I love this show! 
just woke up. yawn. good morning! 
Just woke up. Yesterday was a long and tiring day, but it was extremely fun! 
just woke up. yey for having no classes on friday!!! 
just woke up..  http://plurk.com/p/venha
just woke up.. and straight to the computer!  the sun is shining and life is gooooooood. ;)
Just woke up.. it feels so good to be able to sleep in if i want 
just woke up.. n i'm working today! it's ok, cos tmr's my off day!!  good morning!! @atiysanlee @superaf @eirashinoda
Just woke up...  someone text me
Just Woke Up... About To Take A Nap 
Just woke up... And I randomly remembered that we have Salt&amp;Vinegar chips downstairs!!! 
just woke up... at least sober !.... and glad that school is out.... only graduation left  and prom 
just woke up... fun night last night/this morning... definitely gotta do that again... free fun is always the best 
just woke up... gonna do some stuff around the house and head out to the lake 
just woke up... gunna go shoppin in Liverpool today i reckon.. and Nandoooooosssssssss!! 
just woke up... idk i wanna go back to sleeeeeep 
is finally feeling better 
is finally fully recoverd from South Beach! 
is finally gettin on twitter again... lol... and is really wantin to go to tupelo today!!!! 
is finally getting his gaming stuff out of storage this week!  I've been itching to play some taiko no tatsujin portable 2 for yonks!
Is FINALLY getting rid of the blonde highlights!!!!! YaY!!!!! I much prefer auburn 
is finally getting the hang of this 
Is finally getting to sit down, so I'm watching the best of Mr. Bean with Sean-David 
is finally going to bed! 
is finally going to bed. Should be a great day tomorrow, which would be amazing.. 
is finally going to join my sleeping beauty  Nighty night!!! 
is finally going to try to sleep. Good-Night, twitterers. 
is finally heading to bed... 
is finally home  http://plurk.com/p/rhwu1
is finally home  xoxo 
is finally home and can rest assured that everyone is safe at home as well 
is finally home! 
is finally home!  http://plurk.com/p/udpy5
Is finally home, fed and ready to go to bed and its only 2:45am.  That's gotta be a record 
Is finally home. A day well spent 
is finally home.Camp was awe-fucking-some!! 
is finally off of work yay!!!   
is finally reading pygmy 
Is finally sewing again.. Ahahhaa.. 
is finally up to date with editing and publishing! WOOT 
is finally uploading covers on multiply! 
is finding a solution on how to prove theorem 1-1 on Geom..  http://plurk.com/p/114bg4
Is finding herself busier not that I'm out of school, than when I was in school. It's a good kind of busy though. A paying kind of busy 
Just woke up... I'm kinda enjoying the fact that I don't have anything to do right now hahaha.. still sooo tired.. explain that one! haha 
Just woke up... it's 1:00PM. Haven't done that in soooo long. I feel great! 
just woke up... mall perhaps. 
just woke up..........gonna get something 2 eat........ 
just woke up......work in a little bit -_- but luckily i start school monday 
Just woke up.....playin some gears.....then prolly chillen with gee at mall???.....crank 2 was good 
just woke up....had the best dream ever!  ? http://blip.fm/~5f9hu
just woke up....havin' breakfast w/ my lil sis 
Just woke up...can't go back to sleep! Goooood morning Tweeters 
just woke up...for  once I managed to sleep in!! going out for lunch later then back to essay 
Just woke up...last night was awesome 
just woke up...not doing annnnything today! 
just woke up..busy busy busy 2day...bake bbyshower cupcakes and jays bday cake, bleach hair again &amp; see my boo 
just woke up.feeling great..gonna eat breakfast then church ..i wish school was over already thurs. is when summer starts i cant wait 
Is finding joy in a butterfinger blizzard and thanking God for Dairy Queen 
Is finding people??? How exciting!!! 
is finding this abit strange 2 the old facebook 
is finding tickets for new moon premiere 
is finished with apchem powerpoint! 
is finished with the assignments!  http://plurk.com/p/oxsoj
is finishing off related lit during PlanSem break  http://plurk.com/p/sw05s
is finishing up her laundry then might head to the beach.. 
is fixing to leave for church...maybe i'll see me and @trentlyle's emmy award winning friend 
Is fixing up her myspace and facebook 
Is fixna eat 
is flash back to my elementary moment 
Is flying back to Boston!!! 
is flying to Sicily tomorrow 
is following all my favourite celebritys on twitter 
Is following Dave Matthews on twiiter  
Is following the @Conservatives to heaven. 
is for the weeken in coratiy - spring jam - best students party ever 
is freakin' exhausted man! this sun is a serious knockout |-)!  maths exam was very.. well i fell asleep XD! waiting for Jordan now 
just woke up.so tired.today's no school  so I have to go to my violin lessons that's boring. we have such a nice wether ;)
just woke up; going to the city today 
Just woke up; woo hoo, only 14 more minutes to RAWW 
Just Woke Upp 
Just woke upp &lt;3 
just woke upp, im hungry. i think ill go raid the fridge for the rest of my milkybar yoghurts  x
just woke uppppp 
just woke uppppp! 
JUST WOKE UPPPPP!!! 
Just woke uppppppp, 
Just woke uppppppp. It's a nice day today. 
just woke, in the car...i had a really good sleep. bout to eat at McDonalds, Mmmm pancakes! 
just wokeeee up 
Just woken up  i love study leave!
Just woken up and holy shit the lead guitarist was amazing last night 
just woken up feel amazing that i havent got work tomorrow looking for ward to tonight 
just woken up, my birthday tommorow  x
just woken up, what a mess! looking forward to a week of partying 
JUST woken up. 9 hours sleep seems to have helped 
Just woke-up  What a wild night! OMG! The Luxor Hotel Vegas is soooo totally awesome!!! &quot;hottie overload&quot; Wasup? hehe
Just won @Pink tickets! Woo hoo, seeing her twice now! Thanks @nova100music  Very excited!
Just won 20$ on unc game 
just won 5$ from a game on http://tinyurl.com/dalnse Best part was that it was free to play the game 
Just won a race around Paradise without a single crash, and by 12 seconds...I've missed the glory 
Just won an additional street fighter 4 t.e. stick ps3 for retail of ebay! hah 
is freaking exhausted...need to go to bed....gotta get up early YUCK....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU MOMMIES OUT THERE 
is freaking out about exams  But its all good.
is free from mr chemistry for a whole 3 monthssss 
Is free!!! Back to my old job today. 
is freelancing  Well, not technically yet since i haven't been given any assignments... but i'm getting close! ;p
is french. 
is FRESH and AWAKE for once 
is frustrated! but excited for his meal with jenny! 
is fucking tired.. and is going to shower  tata!
is full of philadelphia rolls and and tempura 
just won an electric mixer at the raffles (hand held) 
Just won both of our softball games!  Awesome start to the morning 
Just won Resident Evil 5 
Just won tickets to see John Oliver tonight...woohoo! 
just worked a 13.5 hour shift in old tappan. Take that hillsdale i'm making this store better than you. 
Just worked on some obedience training with beans.  
just worked out how to put a profile picture up....took my time 
Just worked out...I should do that more often.  Feels good.  
just working till 4 then hopefully hanging out with my cousin 
just wrapped a video for Slaughterhouse @ Midnight, on a plane to Detroit at 6AM 
Just wrapped up a pretty tight riff, I think I may add an intro and a solo tomorrow if I think of something good 
Just wrapped! shouts to @marcclark and the crew! these shots are sum of my new favorites... got @musedandabused somethin silver... 
just wrecked with my bro hes the best 
just wrote a really long comment. Been awhile since I've done that.  http://bit.ly/dHiiM
Just wrote a textdocument about Poker for my friends, so they don't have to ask me all the stuff during the game  Now time to sleep!
Just wrote an epic essay for Philosophy class. Will share on my blog after submission date. 
Just wrote intro for the Web Startup Success Guide (http://bit.ly/wElMP); it's Kill Bill Vol.2 to my first book! 
Just wrote one of the most amazing fight scenes ever  it would so be nominated for best fight...maybe one day &lt;3
Just wrote some stupid bull on the Heise.de forum about using Twitter 
just wrote the best song ever  to bad nobody will heard it
Just wrote the bulk of a blog post, longhand  quite pleased with what i can write when im not forcing myself to ;-)
Just wrote the check that pays off my car! So sweet   http://twitpic.com/5d994
Just....happy.  I love the people I'm surrounded by now. Absolutely love every one of them. &lt;3
Justin Bieber - One Time. You have to lister to it. its soooo gooooddd. (: Hes the next Superstar 
justin gaston is so sexy! so jealous of miley cyrus! OH HEY ANTHONY  hehe. @mileycyrus u rock!!!
Justin is a liar! I have proof! 
Justin Long offer to have a bigger movie career!  He is just so dang funny!
Justin Long on @jimmyfallon 
Justin Timberlake never gets old 
justt walkingg from hotell toooooo roundhousee 
justtt lefttt schooll, on my way to the interview  ah !
justttt got home.  
jusy got home from shopping.. get some new shirts, dress + make'up  always gooooodd.. )
juts got home.. phone w/ justiin &lt;3 txt the celly  i love justiin daley 080608 &lt;3 68 dayys !!! tell people about mee
juusssst dance...juussst prance....then just go to france 
juuust back from a day out with clare  shee got me mizz, thaank you x =]
Juuuus got home. Tonight was funnn 
juuuust got done working out 
Jux ended trip to zoo!! Fun! 
juz back from syd - audition went well! 
Juz booked out...hopes to enjoy e weekend... 
Juz finished watching a movie on HBO - Martian Child - Was good ! 
juz sticked 2 SalonPas on back of my waist.. COOLING~ 
jz got home from super's hauz..i rili love fudtrippin' wd my super duper great friendz last nyt! sa uulitin 
jz new here  cool site...
It's so nice outside! I want to go camping 
It's so nice to be back in Melbourne 
Its so nice to see everyone wearing freedom green.  Peace to Iran!
Its so niiiice outside! Perfect day for a picnic! 
It's so peaceful right now...don't wanna go to bed, but my eyes fail me.  Hoping for happy dreams.  G'night Twitterville. 
Its so pretty at night here. 
its so pweety outside! 
Its so quiet, that im sitting in the car reading and can still hear the raindrops land on the car. And its not a hard rain...yet! 
Its so summery today. Headed to wakefield to find a suave tux for @spencerforhire. 
its so sunnny out   im in the mood to go on a vigorous bike ride!
it's so sunny 
Its so sunny  Just sittin sunbathing
It's so sunny today 
Its so ugly out today! But Im on my grind today guys! Hit up a power plate class w/ @IsthatHer &amp; now getting ready for Church w/ my fam 
K  im sooo glad you done that... All of them?
k am back. mom wanted on so i left for a bit 
k cool beans.  i will show them to my mom tomarrow she went to sleep
k fest 2moro!!! can't wait 2 c 3OH!3!!! oh nd I get free ice cream @ friendly's 2day 
k finally made to the hammock and this is the innagual tweet YAHOOOOOOOOO  Peace and harmony.
K guys I'm off the com...couch pepsi and slc punk, talk to you later 
K i DIDNT go bac2sleep... gunna take a shower, go2ernthonys&amp; watch star wars 
K i didn't have a prob w/Trace Cyrus before but he can stop making me puke w/all his cheesy &lt;3 tweets now. thx  Have a great day twitterz!
k im gonna eat something..n then go to bed lol , byebye twitizens! keep voting for 30 secs, jay leto, DUKK Rodgers n tomosbeard! 
K im leavin the park now and is headed for the dock  i luv fishing
k im off to finish all this stuff and then watch friends 
k ladies and gents...time for us to go ni ni...trishy and i will tweet at you lata...peace 
k no really, going to see angles and demons for reals this time. 
K now that, that fiasco is all wrapped and good too go  back to studying for midterms =(
k ppl yall told me not 2 wrk too hard tonite and I slowed it dwn 4 once! ha my body is thankin me right now, ahh no body aches 2nite.. 
k so anyone going to all time low.. go suck a dick. ten times. i hate you 
k so my favorite movie ever is on. Home Alone 2  abc
k so Up is seriously the best movie i have seen for a long time 
'k, going to curl up and watch random mind-numbing DVD in hopes that rest will cure runny nose. Night folks 
is fulll after a tasty dinner 
is geared up for 2nd week of running 8/6/8/6/8/6 Monday-Saturday. Once over the hump it gets easier ... the &quot;hump&quot; is the problem 
Is gearing up for part two of wedding weekend!!  Cool centerpieces make me happy! 
is generally feeling very thankful for LIFE. looking thru old pics  &amp; enjoying the music hes listening to!
is get ready for Jesus  http://plurk.com/p/xdi2n
is gettin ready 2 go 2 her dadz house 
Is gettin ready to go beach 
is gettin ready to go meet Jo in town 
is gettin ready to watch supernatural 
Is getting a Blackberry Storm. That's the final decision  And ohh.. Got my shopping spree for this month! haha. So, new shoes please! xxx
is getting a bottle of Ukrainian vodka in about a month for &lt;$5 
is getting a good hang of fussball 
is getting a hang on tweeting! 
is getting a new housemate tomorrow 
is getting a Twitter!!!! haha and thinking about cheese but than when am I not lol 
is getting a van on friday - bring on the roadtrips! Already got a few contenders 
is getting back into drumming  with a fat eyebrow.
is getting back into the swing of things with multiple sessions today, plus video work.  All is good in Va Bch IssueTrak land. 
is getting cable  I KNEW I could improve this house somehow!
Is getting closer and closer to cai... And more and more nervous/excited!! 
is getting CPR certified! 
is getting errands done &amp; the house cleaned so I can put in even more time on test prep.  I'm gonna be SUCH a good lawyer... 
is getting everyone i know to check out short stacks myspace dp hehe they all think it's hot so do i  xo
Is getting her new Dymo label printer set up and then I'm off to watch Merlin. Watched a previous episode and now I'm hooked! 
Is getting in gear for birthday and graduation celebrations! 
is getting inspired to do art again. Thanks, @kune  http://plurk.com/p/uibjz
is getting on with work and looking forward to the evening 
is getting outta this damn house ... hopefully sum burning will happen 
is getting quite excited about tonight 
is getting ready 
is getting ready &amp; back to cape breton ! 
is getting ready 2 go 2 OOF with maddie and katie! 
is getting ready and heading to the gym 
is getting ready for a fun day of laying out in the sun before the new schedule kicks in Sunday  
Is getting ready for a gig tonight. Guess once an actor always an actor. Back to magazine work tomorrow. 
is getting ready for a night out clubbing  but can't think of anything to wear..
Is getting ready for Graduation Baby! I'm going to be a Master of Sowk.. 
is Getting Ready For Oldskool Night In The Castle Tonight! 
is getting ready for roast dinner - as it's national roast day  xc
It's so warm 
it's so warm &amp; sunny  but i have to go to work soon (N)
It's so warm and nice outside. Even the cherry tree is blossoming. Can't wait for the cherrys 
It's so warm today, feels like a proper summer day 
it's so warm, it's unreal. - heeeey  so today after discussing the 7 dwarfs and giving them all an emticon... http://tumblr.com/xmh1wi71z
its so weird that im getting ready for work and its only 3 AM back at home!! first day of work in London  
it's soo hot 
It's soo late! And I have a very early start! Goodnight Twitter 
its sooo nice out  i love when its not lashing over here
Its sooo nice outside. 
its Soooo cold  shelby 
its soooo sunny outside!! this only happens once a year! having a BBQ later! 
Its soooo sunnyyyyy (Y)  Had an amazing day at the pub and club yesterday  I didn't burn :L
is getting ready for the coming presscon 
is getting ready for the open day next week - check the website for details 
is getting ready for uni  
is getting ready for weekend in Bloomington, Illinois with the parents and siblings! 
is getting ready for work and then going to relax the rest of the day 
is getting ready for work then mbc softball game tonight 
is getting ready for work...going in early today - 10:30am...geez!  Looking forward to the Wings kicking butt tonight! 
is getting ready for work...trying to wake up!  
is getting ready to drive all over DFW to pick up kids... then relax and laugh at Land of the Lost. 
is getting ready to eat salsa and chips! bless God!  http://plurk.com/p/xzsco
is getting ready to get ready...for work.  
is getting ready to go 
is getting ready to go and meet @northernrach  xxxx
is getting ready to go eat mexican!!! 
is getting ready to go home  #fb
is getting ready to go on-duty. I am covering a live gig of the band &quot;The Orchestra&quot; formally known as &quot;E.L.O&quot;. Looking forward to it 
is getting ready to go out 
is getting ready to go out....party bitch reunion tonite  im happy
is getting ready to go see PARAMORE and NO DOUBT 
is getting ready to go to church on this B.E.A.utiful day  Dear sunshine, thank you for visiting me today. :]
is getting ready to go to church! woo! 
is getting ready to go to hyde park 
is getting ready to head off to Virginia Beach for a week! 
is getting ready to install our BI stack again 
is getting ready to invade KKG's formal...bahahaha!  &lt;3 my Leah!
Is getting ready to lay down some bvs  and can't wait to hear #obsessed later. 
is getting ready to walk the dog and then getting ready for church! 
is getting ready, making dinner, hopping over to CVS quickly, then Timy's graduation. ...my hooves. 
is getting redy to goto a prty woohoo drinking time  yummi
Its starting, TIME FOR GREATNESS! 
its still friday here so #FF @jazzosospecial cuz got damn she is one fly woman! and she cool ppls too 
Its still Friday on the west coast... follow my girl @Kit_CatH she's sweet, I almost feel like I'm corrupting her...almost 
it's still the 4 am hour at home and my day has begun... gonna drink a lot of coffee today. 
Its storming outside...spooooky. Maybe it will carry into tomorrow morning and practice will be canceled 
It's storming. cuddling with Payton in my bed, always. Let's text 
its strange that random ppl are following me on twitter! oh wells. follow me then! i will show u the way!!! TO HELL! HAHAHAHAH!  kiddin!!
Its stuck in my head too 
its such a bad week fr manu fans (LIKE ME!) o.O...i miss u ronaldo...now..ill b spportin barca 
Its such a beautiful day! 
Its such a beauuuutiiifulll day! I think ill tan tomorrow. 
is getting so sick of Twitter I could just..............................Yippee a message!!! 
is getting some Chris Bachalo sample pages in the mail 
is getting some final message prep in, days like this make me happy our gathering is at night. 
is getting the cooolest t-shirt tomo 
Is getting the hang of Twitter. 
Is getting to sleep in her own bed for the 1st time in a month. 
is getting up in 6 hours and is still sat here, need to dry my hair and get some sleep!! (and a cup of tea  )
Is getting used to this 
is getting used to this twitter stuff 
IS GIFTED, AND HAS NO TIME FOR IGNORANCE, AND YOU SHOULD DO THE SAME TWEETERS!  SMILE, B/C U'VE GOT GOD.
Is giggling hysterically and can't seem to stop! 
Is givin a big shout out to her hunnie lova ya millions baby  xxxx
Is givin' my doggie 'Nigo' a fresh hair-cut! 
Is giving Twitter a go, see what happens 
Is giving twitter another go, something else to distract me at work. 
Is glad @johncmayer is back. Missed him the last few days 
Is glad @wtcc can start making more videos. 
Is glad Diversity won  good lads &amp; well done!
is glad diversity won britions got talent, but also liked the man playing the saxahone 
Is glad everyone's happy 
is glad her friend Betty is on facebook.........now my updates will be interesting 
is glad I did what I did and didn't settle....back to Jenny time now 
Is glad it's freehouse Friday 
is glad it's not raining, but a little annoyed that it is freezing!!! So glad it's not MY spring break 
is glad Miley won bext song at the movie awards! 
is glad my work haven't cottoned on to this yet and banned it!  i hope i haven't spoken too soon!!!!
is glad raunaq made the summer basketball team 
is glad she can find Bruno funny again 
is glad that everything is okay 
is glad that she could swap shifts for Dec's birthday next week  Didn't think i'd get away with it!
is glad that she got up the moment the alarm clock went off. props to me! 
is glad that she got up the moment the alarm went off. props to me! 
Is glad that today is over 
is glad the media blackout is over and he can go back to being a proud uncle 
is glad the wknd is finally here! Goin 2 the casino 2morrow 
is glad to be home for the weekend! 
is glad to wear red instead of powder blue today. Want to avoid hostile looks in Sooner country. 
is glued on the internet  
is goin for lattes w/ WorldsApart...who knows when I'll be back... 
is goin go to the library tomoz to do some learing 
Is Goin Owt Wiv Me Girls 
is goin shoppin after that awful law exam!!!!!2 more to go 
is goin to hannah's with my favs 
is goin to Six Flags over here  all day
is goin to the KENNY concert tomorrow  
is goin up to dahlonega for the night 
is going  to Drayton Manor today!! 
Is going 2 Funderworld up on the Downs 2nite with his cronies! I can't foresee me goin on any of the rides but I ain't paying so screw it 
is going 2 school 8 more days 
is going a sweeeeeettt party tonight. ha. 
is going away bye all 
is going away on aquatics camp 2morro, love nothing better than pt.vinny 
is going be a dad again 
Is going bed, Goodnight  x
is going boating today 
is going camping this weekend! Nothing like swimming in the river, smores, and sitting around the campfire 
is going downstairs na...  http://plurk.com/p/z7aes
is going downtown for the game regardless... I'll be in a sexy boot 
is going downtown with her bestfriend in about an hour 
Is going eat a delicious brownie that I made earlier today. 
is going fishing 
is going for a bikeride later today.....it is a beautiful day....the sun is shining.... 
is going for a coffee with mum 
is going for a ride on the bike and enjoy the nice weather!  
is going for the weekend swim  i louu it!
is going garage sailing with his mom! 
Is going home after packing to pack at home lol 
Is going home from bangkok tom!   i miss my siblings! cant waitt for first dayy! KNOLLER BABY!! :&gt; XX.:*
Is going home from icc. So tired! Was fun 
is going home soon. and still needs to buy herr jonas brothers concert tickets  for whhen they come to newcastle in the uk  CARNT WAIT!!
is going home sweet home 
is going home tonight 
is going home...see ya when i get on-line again!  http://plurk.com/p/vg017
is going in the pool 
is going into uni to study today, i'm such a good girl i am   
is going manchester in a hour or so 
is going off the grid, goodnight people! 
is going on a bird walk with my Mom and Judy to the Sepulveda Basin.  Hopefully we'll see some feathered friends! 
is going on a passport hunt. One week today! 
Is going on a picnic! @bassbassbass IM GOING ON A PICNIC! LOL! 
is going on an online spending spree for Summer 
is going on holiday todayy! Crete here I come!! 
is going out but not drinking 
is going out in  the sun again 
Is going out out out 
is going out soon 
Is going out the kourtni and kaitlyn! 
is going out to buy stuffs for the bloody camp  http://plurk.com/p/xtb48
is going out to buy supplies for Deator's HOT DOG CAKE. 
Is going out to dinner and a movie  I hear my Mason
is going out to get his leaver's ball suit 
is going out to Jen's house tonight  to party!! 
Is going out tonight  
is going out tonight  is curling my hair
Is going out with Molls and Britt 
is going out with the girls to Netball and chill out time Viva its tuesday 
Is going over to janna's 
is going shopping for heels to match my piano recital dress. 
is going shopping later for belated b-day presents 
is going shopping... and can't be bothered to feel guilty about spending the money 
is going soon to a shop to look if sims 3 is allready there 
is going star watching with her friends! 
is going swimming  and tanning... maybe i'll get a small tan if anything!
is going swimming and laying out in the sun today 
is going swimming today 
is going swimming with celeste when she gets back from picking up dress! * 
IS going through another Beatle fix 
is going to 500 updates today 
is going to a BBQ 
is going to a BBQ...in the rain  haha until 2, and then work work work!
is going to a brunch with the fam today, then hitting up the cincy zoo.  Gotta love being a member. 
is going to a foam party tonight then goning straight to work oh the joys of working at 6 in the morning but oh well it will be good !! 
is going to a Keith Urban concert tonight!!! 
is going to a party 
is going to a weekend trip. 4 cities in 3 days - let's go  See you guys on sunday. Have a good time.
is going to AC/DC yeaa 
is going to answer surveys and create a photo mosaic.. 
is going to baltimore on wednesday to see her baby   - 76 days
is going to be a dad 
is going to be a weekend daddy 
Is going to be able to ride Dexter soon, just a couple more days of rest then he is back to normal 
is going to be at Roger's house in a couple of hours, sipping a mint julep and wearing an awesome outfit that cost $8 at Goodwill.  
is going to be at Saguijo, Makati tomorrow!  Catch us play!
Is going to be backstage with supergrass. 
is going to be doing a masters in animation!!!!... wheeeeeee.... hope its gonna be fun!!!...    praise God for a wonderful day!!!! 
is going to be flying to turkey in a couple of hours 
is going to be in Cali soon...FINALLY!!! 
is going to be interning in Clear Lake this fall semester =( but dont worry, ill be in Austin a lot 
Is going to be off line for the rest of the day. Made some progress on a game over the weekend. @lvturner you may not like me again. 
is going to be out doors all day  the sun is shining and it's warm outside  perfect summer wether
is going to bed  another day at work 2moz, Day 7 :L...just think of the money, Nyt Twitter / Facebook
is going to bed ^^ 
is going to bed after wii'ing with old friends (well, not old as in age, just haven't hung with them for a long while 
is going to bed early tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/ozuwd
Is going to bed now, night all 
is going to bed so goodnight people 
Is going to bed soon. Had a long weekend. 
is going to bed, after sending the little man off home with Megerz 
Is going to bed, and is back to thinking. 
is going to bed, knowing that @Gailporter will wake up with more hair than yesterday... 
is going to bed, leaving for Cape Cod early in the morning until Monday!! Woot Woot!! I'll have Internet though so I'll be on here 
is going to bed, quiz in the am.cannot wait for the weekend 
is going to bed, work in the morning boo but then gets to see my B 
is going to bed, working 7-4 then going boating with the boys 
Is going to bed. Night everyone! 
Is going to bed. Night. 
Is going to bed. To hve a nice pre-failure dream about forgetting the exam or turning up nuddie or something. Night. 
is going to bed. will be up in 5.5 hours. Then ON SET ALL DAY. In fact ALL WEEK. Don't get mad if I don't call you back 
is going to bed... Still getting over this headache and is going to go to &quot;Ghosts of Girlfriends Past&quot; tomorrow! 
is going to bed... we kind of wasted the day napping... oh wells  it was worth it.
is going to britney spears yeaaaaaaaah 
Is Going To Buy A Wacom Today ... Goood Times 
is going to buy some ring tones 
is going to Cedar Point on July 11th with Dom!!!! so excited! 
is going to centre parcs today  so will be away till friday!
is going to check out the tulips 
is going to chicago soon! 
is going to church! had fun at alli's. 
Is going to church. Later on, shopping for formal dance clothes and soccer stuff. :3 Yay. Shopping.  -.-
is going to church. Woot. 
is going to clean someone else's house. mine to just too much work. 
is going to cook spag bol, and looking forward to going to the pub later 
is going to Copenhagen to find some golden coloured clothes for me and Rikkes sweet 15 party!  And later i'm going to my daddys concert!
Is going to courtnaynays at 2! And then seeing dance flick! 
is going to dinner at her grandma's. 
is going to Disney Sea NOW!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to Disney! Trip is booked! 
is going to Disneyland tomorrow!! 
Is going to do work experience on SHOOTING STARS   
IS GOING TO DUSSELDORF + SNOW PATROL WITH DAISY TODAY!!! 
is going to eat now, FAT FAT FAT 
is going to el dorado with the youth later!! 
is going to fall asleep watching friends one of my favorite shows! 
Is going to finish up some packing/sorting/cleaning before he heads for bed. It's going to be a GREAT day tomorrow  thank you JESUS
is going to finish watching Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith and then read the rest of the 4th Sookie book. Maybe eat ice cream.  G'night all!
is going to Flaming Gorge this summer with her fiancee's parents!!!!!! 
is going to follow frances on friday! good luck to her in her exams!   and a bit of harriett.
is going to Fort Wayne. 
is going to fysiotherapy soon, then to work 
is going to get a car 
is going to get all 3 said it all singles  just for the nice cover sleeve to hold them in  yeh i am cool. do not lie!
is going to get contact lenses... hopefully 
is going to get my daughter soon!!! 
Is going to get my tan on at the lake! 
is going to get some foodage cus i'm hungry 
is going to get some sleep , good night Tweeters , Tweet the night a away  be good or be good at it
is going to get some vitamin D, then going up to the park with some friends 
is going to go and lie in theee sunnnssshhiiiinnneeeeeeeeeeeeee 
is going to go dye her hair now 
is going to go get a haircut in a bit 
is going to go get my karnivool ticket  and the new album. chyeaah.
is going to go get some taco bell...yummy 
is going to grad school in the fall at UNCG   
is going to Gramedia @ Grand Indonesia 
Is going to hang out with paige welk(: Bye bye! 
Is going to hang with Broderick and others soon. 
is going to have a cup of coffee on the sunny balcony while listening to good old Bach! 
is going to have a fantastic weekend!! Going to see No Doubt Saturday because my cousin Julia kicks ASS! 
Is going to have a great day tomorrowwww. Mentor, lunch and moviess 
is going to have a REAL double cheeseburger!!!    
is going to have a relaxing Sunday. 
is going to have a relaxing, hot bath  goodnight for now then twits, &amp; dont worry andy i love you more than twitter hehe
is going to have fun tonight. 
is going to have her lunch break 
Is going to have lunch wit da family, its smells wonderful 
is going to have scrambled eggs for dinner 
is going to have to wear her chelsea shirt to the gym today 
is going to hit the sack early for a change! 
is going to hurry up and finish this work so that he may go get his suit altered  this will be fun!!!
Is going to iron and clean the house. How exciting - I know you are jealous! 
is going to Josa's place right now for a dinner... bye guyz! 
is going to Julia's for the weekend. 
is going to Kennesaw with Zach. 
Is going to lay out &amp; tan ... &amp; read... Text it  &lt;3 geez i miss him ! I love you Tyler 
Is going to lecture today about her thesis. I know what I have to prove. Too bad I need to investigate it 
Is going to London from the 4th to 9th of August!!!!! Yippieyippieyeah!!!!! 
is going to Lumpy's Diner for lunche' w/ my family 
is going to make a dinner  hehe  We woooooon.!  1st place ppl.!  hehe
is going to make a really good vegetable soup tonight. 
is going to measure moisture in the ground in Fox Lake.  and hopefully find some fish!  
IS GOING TO MELBOURNE IN THREE WEEKS.    something finally went right in her life.
is going to Mexico with everyone 
is going to Montalban for the GK build  http://plurk.com/p/ytobq
is going to my family reunion 
is going to my lys to find a pattern for a new customer   http://plurk.com/p/pb8to
is going to new york!! 
is going to NYC this weekend for her book launch party! 
is going to NYIT in the fall....soooo excited  !!!!
is going to ogle at Matthew McConaughey tonite  http://plurk.com/p/xtvjg
is going to play on the river tomorrow 
is going to put FB on a long hiatus... hit me up on my myspace &amp; twitter loves  Thanks for the support everyone.
Is going to put her head in the gas oven now 
is going to rain....i love the rain 
is going to read alice in wonderland. 
Is going to red robin with the girls! Half day 
is going to revise for maths today - higher paper isn't easy - 4 modules to learn in a day - im sure ill do fine anyway 
IS GOING TO REVISE NOW, 
is going to rock the DANGERMOUSE/DAVID LYNCH EXHIBIT at the MICHAEL KOHN GALLERY.  Excited!!! 
is going to rub n' tug tonight. and not in a gay way 
is going to run a 5-mile race. the things i do for Irish Festivals 
is going to russell peters tomorrow!! yaaay 
is going to Ruth and Craig's wedding   #fb
is going to safra for pool now 
Is going to sample another bit of CAOL ILA that he recently bought and that it is proving to be a GREAT whiskey!  (thanks John for the ...
Is going to san francisco august. Go look at outside lands line up 2009 to see the 4795649652 bands he gets to see.  so excited.
is going to save money money and go to asia next year 
is going to school ughh :/ Job interview later  txt
Is going to school.  leave me stuff.
is going to see &quot;UP&quot; in 3D!! 
is going to see Dance of the Vampires on wednesday - YEAH it rock's 
Is going to see Fire and Ice 
is going to see hello operator tonight 
Is going to see her 18 months old cousin today, and hopefully we will be going to the beach 
is going to see her mum and dad  With her picnic, hope the lawn is dry ;)
is going to see Kathy Griffin!!!! 
is going to see melton friends today!!! yay beer and burger lots of kids too! 
is going to see Star Trek! yay for working at a movie theater and getting in for free!! 
is going to see the new termintor movie alone lol 
is going to see Thriller tonight 
is going to see up  &lt;3
is going to see UP tonight! 
is going to see UP with John, Jillian and Michael  Oh, the fabulous spontaneity!
is going to sit on the couch, eat some spinach lasagna and either fall over and sleep, play animal crossing, or sew 
is going to sleeeep! so tired and sore! but a good sore  lol
is going to sleep after some tough revision. Night 
is going to sleep after watching Maria Watches Over Us 
is going to sleep and dream with @dylanefron 
Is going to sleep and thinking about a big decision 
is going to sleep for a while..  --trish.out.  **to OUR pillowcase: i want a hug** **musicians are sooo in.  **
is going to sleep goodnight twitter see you in the morning 
is going to sleep now  http://plurk.com/p/116nej
is going to sleep now. . . good night 
is going to sleep now...good night everyone!!  http://plurk.com/p/ovkcf
is going to sleep! Getting up early to help with wedding things! Love you!! 
is going to sleep.. (but his other computer will not sleep tonight, but process data all night @ 100% load of its 3.4 GHz cpu..) 
Is going to sleep...  Miltown tomorow 
is going to Southport to walk her dogs  x
is going to Spain next month! 
is going to spend the day doing absolutely NOTHING. And it's going to be great. 
is going to spend the day in the garden...soaking up this lush sunshine 
is going to spend the day with his beauitful girlfriend  ...and some of her family!
is going to spend this beautiful day God has made with my family 
is going to splendour!! Don't really know why or how I got in, but the Qjump gods were good to me this morning 
is going to start her morning daimoku 
is going to start working on his art exam after lunch. If I finish quickly, I'll do something else that's creative. 
is going to STATES for rugby tomorrow and Sunday!!!!  We are gonna kick butttt ;)
Is going to Stone featherbrook tonight  Tis me friends bifday  Need u funky tie though.... hmmm, lets call the brother 
is going to sunny florida in 4 days!! Cant wait!! One week from today...I will be at the beach! YAY!!! 
is going to supervise Laurie's dance 
is going to swiiimmm!! Yipppieee!! 
is going to take a little stroll through Highland Park with some friends 
is going to take a nap before going for BM tuition. 
Is going to take a shower 
is going to take a steamy shower with Paul &amp; then go to sleep...   
is going to take her sister back to her school today but cannot stop thinking of David  xo
is going to take the new bike out for a ride this morning  
is going to the Argovia Festival tonight... 
is going to the beach for a while. Would you care to join me? Picnic, sunbathing, fun and frolics. Alrighty then, who is game on then?  
Is going to the beach tomorrow 
Is going to the bridge with amy and the kids 
@KT_93 so what would you like to talk about? check out my picture  http://twitpic.com/5dead
@kt_writes Ha! Good luck   my kids have 2.5 more weeks
@kt_writes Thanks for sharing about skipping church and our pictures of God.  Can't seem to get my thoughts together for a comment.  
@kt_writes yes...it was so great to finally meet you KT. 
@kt2008 thank yok frand 
@ktabin *gigglesnort* You love my smileys and you know it. 
@ktangi with?? Tsismis session soon. Ha 
@ktbeeper @happylovesChuck Hahaha, yeah, you are! And I love it too! 
@ktbeeper AWESOME! I can't wait for them Will you tag me in the helmet pic, Tib? pretty please? 
@ktbeeper awesome! Well, you shall educate me on that when I get there. 
@ktbeeper I saw Drag me to Hell and Terminator this weekend. Terminator is boring but DMTH was hugely entertaining 
@ktbeeper I saw your pics!!! they're EPIC - AWESOME!  I left a few comments  waiting for the next batch 
@ktbeeper I'd love to hear your accent. I'd love to be able to talk to you on the phone period. To the rest of the family in fact. 
@ktbeeper lol, I know what U meant. I just love teasing  and now I'm BAM. Hmm. Good that not bum
@ktbeeper maybe later. I cant leave my workplace yet. Still editing  Might drive down south late tonight to meet classmates, il buy then.
@ktbeeper Ok. NOw maybe go to sleep huh? I'm being selfish here I really gotta work 
@ktbeeper rest well! tweet you in a few hours! 
@ktbeeper thanks  that'll be nice 
@ktbeeper that's another line for the speaking Casey doll!  #chuckmemondays
@ktbizzle: http://twitpic.com/6h2f6 - i thought it was a rat j/p lol.. its freaking adorable  should've named it brandon though
@ktd2 hey! What are you doing up at this time! 
@KTDallas but of course! Hehehe! Now if that's all I had to do I could go home. Oh well. 
@ktdeeds I need to try peeling off some of that wall paper tonight. 
@ktdv1 Love isn't all you need. But gosh, it sure helps.  Have a wonderful morning, sunshine.
@ktea43 hello! You there? I sent you an email a couple of weeks ago 
@kthxraven such a tune 
@kthxx omg I know yayyy  but D: its on a wednesday dammit
@kthxx Where are you applying?   Sonny why don't you apply for MACCAS? LOL
@KTIG I'm sure if I had an iPhone, I would be excited too! I'm just glad that you finally tweeted again. 
@ktjbpa2006 fuck that bitch. your amazing/awesome/crazy/funny aka the shit. 
@ktjbpa2006 my friend and i bitched a bit at the brewer game, because that's where we found out haha. I will be voting for Kris allen 
@ktjlarsen Sweet thanks! Maybe I'll have to get caught up between #ChuckMeMondays 
@ktlnbrr yeah today 4-7 it was ok though bc i was high like the whole time 
@ktlovesjonas18 you're welcome! 
@ktmarketing Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@ktnestingspot Thanks SO much! 
@ktoint83 are you and joe having a good night?  apart from the spillages! lol. x
@KTPana thx girl! Yes the boy is 12 &amp; I play mama mel on weekends. 
@KtPayne Sunrise? Oh.. UK.   It is a little after midnight here in Texas.
@KTrader I'm almost finished with finals. So close. And I did attend a tea party here in Dayton. Had a great time. 
@ktspina22 hi my name is Patrick Spina, perhaps we could be family 
@ktstop22 It's still rock and roll to me  hahaha
@ktsummer  glad to see you can get @jaredsigel to move on it.  Now maybe you can get him to resch. the Florida shows.  
@ktsummer  That is awesome.  I want nktv at my house.  
@ktsummer ah well you might sneak in a little text tweet if you get really bored 
@ktsummer Are you doing 5star? Congrats on the book drive.  I so want to work it for MI (book drive)  LOL 
@ktsummer EEK!  I hope I wasn't seen as a ditcher!  I worked my booty off in 5*!  &amp; almost missed pic. (would have been worth it!)  
@ktsummer from spartanburg sc am a friend of @sarahspallelli read online about some kiss no details then from a friend who went Brooke  
@ktsummer if u dont mind would u DM me spoilers? Im anxious to see it all 
@ktsummer Joe should totally crop them out of the photos! LOL  Since they ditched, they don't deserve a pictorial reminder of it!
@ktsummer thanks I like a little NK with my coffee... 
@ktsummer yeah the bumpits commercial is pretty retarded..but i had to get some..dunno why..but i found them at walgreens for $10 
@ktsummer you can stop the &quot;x is following you&quot; emails in settings 
@ktthebby nahh you should ! hm.. nah 
@KTthemusical I know what you mean 
@kuatelinlee helloooo! I didnt know you had a twitter! 
@Kubaiss Sp kde jsou ty ?asy, kdy byly fanstrnky k n??emu 
@Kubie6 &quot;EPIPHANY&quot; What a GRRRRRRRREAT word!!!!! 
@Kubke probably just end of British football season malaise &amp; long weekend lag 
@kucharo Capitalists too!  Fact is, I'm not wealthy enuf to keep ignoring mpg. $4.50/gal and a 25 gal tank (every 300 miles) uh, sucks! 
@Kudoskookies  Have a great day!
@Kudoskookies  that means you must be busy making and decorating cookies! 
@Kudoskookies I did watch it...liked it, too  I like Ice Road Truckers 
@Kudoskookies It's on the History channel in the Boston area. 
@kujakupoet Quite possibly. I definitely need to meet more decent humans. 
@kujakupoet well one of them has now appeared   will wait and repeat the process. strange, these people have been following a long time.
@kukigrewal No worries re distraction. I will chat later when I know what is happening to your character. Could be good 
@kukigrewal You run rings around the Duke of Modena in scene I did last  You tease him mercilessly &amp; he falls madly in love with you.
@KulpreetSingh  my boss @minorjive fits all except Vancouver! You should follow 
@KulpreetSingh maybe just because We don't wish on the exact time ?  the 12 
@KulpreetSingh nice share 
@KulpreetSingh plus it gives better lifestreams from other apps... don't because all your twitter friends are not there on friendfeed 
@kulturbrille hey keep on updating on the meeting!  great job!
@kum72 Thank you Kumaran 
@kumarisawesome I'm home from workk  sucker your still there! I shamed amber today!
@kumarisawesome star trekkin across the universe! on the starship enterprise under captain kirk! 
@KumaSennin yes it does 
@kumiho awwwwww. I appreciate you, little fall/floating demon dude. 
@KumiKoalaStar  not busy but maybe yeah just another working day for everyone  Have to have at least 10 pages of dialog done for you guyz
@kumimonster Ahah i tought your where talking about spam 
@kumorifennikusu Dude, so true. PS Me. PS2 Not YOU!!!! 
@KunalGautam 18 hrs!! How did u survive it!! 
@KunalGautam m sorry tired.......no mood to talk tech....nd cant talk sex with u 
@KunalGautam That's y I am stashing it 2 make it an antique. So ppl will pay that much 1 day at a time. 
@kunalnayyar Shout out's to the cast of The Big Bang Theory! You guys and Kaley ROCK! 
@kuncheria: danks. 
@kunen69 ok sent the email! Hope you get it soon 
@Kung_Foucault Shockulated also goes with Lavacuted 
@kungfujedi Can't wait to see the pictures!  I hope you had an underwater camera for the Great Barrier Reef!  
@KunoichiRaiu I know some too!  Now these points of data make a beautiful line, now we're out of beta we're releasing on time!
@kurchenko i'll tweet my assessment/ synopsis  
@kurisu if you see me at Post-Rock, say hi 
@Kuro13 my deepest condolescences to ur teacher~ she is a gd teacher! no doubt abt it!!! total respect for her. Rest in peace 
@Kurono ilove this rain i think imma go outside 
@Kurosakilchigo noooo thats light imagay! ive named one Derrek 
@KursaalTom  yeah, let's keep one grumpy one and everyone else can make fun of him/her. now who would that be? any volunteers? 
@KursaalTom no worries man, ur a rockstar i expected it to be a bit late 
@KursaalTom What a theatric description  Here is hot as always but i'm at office! weekend over in IL ;)
@kursed @sidrajalil1132 first make sure you really have lost the SIM 
@KurstinLinda thank you. 
@kurt_cagle @AlohaArleen Sure you're not a distant relative? 
@kurtbrockett ah yes... checking it out  thought it was a new duper cooler thingy u guys were bringing up ;-) not to say it's not cool
@kurtholio Feel free to pass along any recommendations after completing the circuit. 
@KurtisBlow1   ignore the hatas and keep doing God's will - also wondering if you're still lookin' as good as you did in krush groove?  
@KurtisO GOOD FOR YOU!!!  hope thats a good thing..LOL
@kurtisshank thanks it was heavenly. 
@kurtmaddox You are soooo sweet! Kentucky is not far to travel  How was the Derby? I can't believe I am typing. Hard time seeing LOL
@kurtmaloo Thanks 
@Kurtmiltonbaker hope somebody got it on tape! look forward to seeing it on youtube soon! Did you get some practice in RockBand last week 
@KurtTracy Ohh for sure well text me 
@KurtTracy you are such a hypocrite lol 
@Kush3 Same here  Looks amazing. I am really glad @pvtmarcus told me about it all.
@kushanmitra what will happen to your dieting plans 
@Kusmar07 glad to see you back 
@KusmiTea Of course !!! See you en Aot  !! 
@kusuma06 aaa new follower! hiii 
@kuteykat GAH!!!! I'M JEALOUS! Whack him in the head with a french loaf for me, will you? 
@Kutski Check your email dude! Little present within 
@kuttyedathi  no comments!
@kuttyedathi aw.. that's sad.. enjoy the working long weekend then.. 
@kuttyedathi Er, I wasn't being serious.. But hey, here it is : http://makeadiff.in/blog Check out second post.. 
@kuttyedathi orangualla .. ! ..  .. wht r u doing at this hour ? .. rnt u supposed to zzzzzzzzz ?
@kv parents asking me to do an yam-bee-yay here only now. though i wasnt that interested in abroad b4, now im even less interested. 
@kvashee congratulations on the piece! 
@kvbm Dude, I sent that to you AGES ago.  Now I have friends flying in from CA to go see Legend with us.  Next time I'll just txt you. 
@kven Ah. Well, then I really don't feel so bad about the drunk texting. 
@kvern I am I swear. Take care! 
@kvetchingguru Thank you for link to: http://bit.ly/2l5YT   
@kvidell Hey, if you can make it down to los feliz, youre welcome to come with.  Otherwise, a trip to SJ is in order 
@kvnhi Aaahhhhhh!  man, your not making this very easy Mr High! 
@kw lol. nice. i hope i'm round for some of your #badassbbq2 Korean BBQ short ribs - i missed them at at the first #badassbbq 
@KW2P Not blabbing about it.  Just simply stated I attended the ceremony.     That's all I said.
@kwago did you puchase it?  
@kwalsham I know it's a serious situation, but I go the ridicule-the-extremist route. 
@KWAMEDIDIT wowowowowow! Exciting news, can't wait to hear to it. Be blessed continue on ur path 
@kwamejohn2003 probably to show you the error of your ways 
@kwats So @Chris_Anderson just said that Microsoft is going to destroy the Wii at E3...you're there, keep us posted! 
@KWEE79 Thumbs way up.  
@kweiii me and tara were watching that! Haha then we switched to holes 
@kwerb &quot;.. corrupt the minds of students&quot; poor students LOL 
@kwible thanks  &lt;*jellybean*&gt;
@kwick0303 I finally had my audition I'll tell you all about it soon!! 
@kwight404 is a lonley loser, please follow her and make her day 
@KwikSpell I'm glad there's someone else in the world besides Ron Weasley who understands that. 
@kwill15 I Know Eh! I'll See Ya Tomorrow Buddy Night! 
@kwill15 I wanted all the puppies. They were so cute 
@kworkman now that wifey works in a wine shop, I must know what my friends are drinking. Make with the details plz 
@kwposton want sum oreos? they always make me smile. 
@kwxfabio lol. it's okay. we have til tuesday. 
@KXLNews Hard to tweet today, it's really busy  and we're missing our usual help....  But we're doing one hell of a radio show today 
@ky3k I am having a HELL of a time actually. I can't believe I waited so long to come here the first time. Big mistake. 
@kyan_onefm on air celebrating? ur mum is there? Not working la. Starbucks alone. My mum is in hometown. So had a delay till next week 
@kyannalee   glad to hear that you have great friends Kyanna. Im sorry to hear about your family
@kybd74 cannnn we just talk about how you just used the phrase &quot;for real&quot; hahahahahah 
@KyBella that's so awesome!! I love that you join stuff like that!!!!  Go team Isa!!!! 
@kyee I've got a job for you, since you &lt;3 me....  You got skype? MSN's not letting me talk and it's pissing me off.
@KyeLani  I will do my best Miss Sarah, I will do my best. I will now man up! Huahh!
@KyeLani he he he.....i hope he lives up to expectations 
@KyeLani Hmm...I'll ckeck it out.  Do you use TweetDeck? 
@KyeLani IBusy but not as busy. I'll just go a bit later. Going to make a documentary about my workout called 'In Pursuit Of The Burn' 
@KyeLani Or tweet ya  Hey gorgeous x
@KyeLani thanks anyway 
@kyeli did you use yours? 
@kyeli You &amp; @PaceSmith just rock my socks. 
@kyethn I eated a cheesecake 
@kyeung808 ok cool - have dinner plans that nite - so targeting 8:30/9ish @clairesays @perivision hey, what's yama's twitter thingy? 
@kyeung808 Well there's one way to find out, go shoot some video! 
@kylapierson job well done missy..I got lawn mowed and some weaving done..bagged now so heading to bed..night all 
@KylaPricky  And I adore you   And I wished I could've helped you wrastle the gators!  How can I top that?!?!?
@KylaRae_ yes they aree! it's funny to see the things they do 
@Kyle_Ellis07 London is my dream. 
@kyle_newman Hangover was seriously awesome! laughed so hard i was crying! lots of great comedies this year 
@kyle_newman I was more of a star trek fan anyways    Those trekkies are everywhere.  Great movie man, any thoughts on another one?
@kyle_newman I'll try &amp; post some pics of promoting FANBOYS this weekend.  Many people have shown Great interest.  It'll be a Blast!
@kyle_schneider you're surrounded by me every weekend! that should be enough 
@kyle270 good good  yeah a bit thanks, i've just had art, going out for dinner now  what you doing? Love you x
@kyle270 haha okay  you hoovered :l :o haha?!love you x
@kyle270 hey  i'm okay thanks, you?how was your exam ?love you x
@kyle270 hey  sorry i havent been talking, i fell asleep:') we're just coming into york, it looks dead stormy, my dad said its been ra ...
@kyle270 Mmm that will be good  haha, whats happening tonight by the way, am i coming to yours?love you x
@kyle270 no i cant i've gotta empty my case and stuff and get changed  i'm so cold!haha, love you xx
@Kyle4Music @Marie_Blue17 Yes! So we can all watch it and frown upon it 
@Kyle4Music Actually, I don't see anything I want at the store at the moment...I'll probably hold some giveaways with a few 
@Kyle4Music In 4 days I'll find out just how far it really is! 
@Kyle6767 all's good no complaints - sent Gabbi a fb msg today with details re 18th - would be cool to see ya  How goes it on your side?
@kylean1 goodnite 2 u also hope to hear that transfer ... 
@kyleandjackieo  I think shelly looks okay,  Vote For Harold! 
@kyleandjackieo &amp; gaga on rove tonight 
@kyleandjackieo best=michael ian black. worst=mc hammer 
@kyleandjackieo cool interview with steph! looove the hills too, can't live without it haha! i love them, yes including spencer 
@kyleandjackieo hahaha i love short stacks tweets  and my least fave is joel madden cos his are heaps boring... just bout his kids lol
@kyleandjackieo i dont like fake nails, ive always preffered natural ones 
@kyleandjackieo i just got it too to watch tonite, hear its great so lets see, enjoy 
@kyleandjackieo I just got it too!! Can't wait to see it 
@kyleandjackieo Jackie..if you see messages from jodeeee_dancer .. that's my 16 yr old daughter..please say hi to her thanx 
@kyleandjackieo lol i thought i was the only one with the weird crush! any other celebs? why didnt u go as well?  Zoey
@kyleandjackieo Oh it's good and there's drama!  Will hit the fan next season 
@kyleandjackieo she looks stunning 
@kyleandjackieo weird! Every wiki of da show is edited 2 say that. going 2 say false then Would ya if u were asked 2 out of interest? 
@kyleandjackieo You echoed my thoughts!  She looks divine.
@kyleandjackieo youse ! nicole ritchie  not so much umm john mayer maybe
@kyleandre howdy! hope i find you well  xx
@KyleAnthonyH lol..i think you didnt let it cook enough time 
@kyleasd ahhhh  so stoked!
@kylebellamy  sorry. it's my other blog: http://www.utahlovescupcakes. still working on tagging everything and setting it up. 
@KyleDurst oh I'll tweet your face off! 
@KyleH90 You should've watched it. It was actually a pretty good show. But Attitude Era is always cool. 
@kylehase Cool - thx! That's sweet info 
@kylehase There aren't more important crimes if it turns out you stole it 
@kylehase Those are not mine  Sorry to say I don't know any shared calendar for events in English unfortunately
@kyleInColor indeed, we are sir. 
@KyleJCrb remix of it! they emailed me asking if i wanted to, and i love them! 
@KyleJHowell Ok I talked to the guys and they are comin home. Drama at the party I guess. So HB? Fuck ya I love Frankies place 
@kylejnolan I'm headed back to PDX now, sorry we couldn't get together again. I'll be back in a few weeks, don't you worry. 
@kylelauren I know! And I LOVE movie popcorn and pretty much have to have it when I go, so I'm thrilled 
@KyleLowder  That's awesome Kyle!
@KylenPhylar re: bitter... Not my favoritest: Lienenkugel's Berryweiss  I'm sure there are others too.
@KyleONeil But now i am Kate from Chicago!  So when do I get to see yo face mister?!
@kylepetty Doing a great job with TNT!! Even lots of laughs 
@kylepetty http://twitpic.com/6d3jf - You are gooooooooood Kyle!  
@kylepetty Re:'Junior today', maybe Mr Hendrick sees more than the rest of us...again! 
@kylepetty who is the Larry Mac from Nascar_TNT who is tweeting? Tell me we're not being fooled.. 
@kylepoulton you got it man 
@KylerDWA hahaha if i had the money to drive to the land of gnar id be gettin delivery 
@kylerow saw your answer to @bonasaurus - can-t wait for static vs dynamic typing Twitter-Wars. Let's go!  #intellinonsense
@kyle's body thus why we call @kylesullivan fat kyle. 
@kylesibert   Forced Tweets, Micthell is a very cruel person  
@kylesibert we want you to tweet ! 
@kylesteed you are welcome, great post, made me think  #much_love
@kylesullivan carrying my crap probably? 
@KyleSy I know kakasabi ko lang na I hate chismosa but let me hate myself. What's up? Sino pa nag break? 
@kyletamo My copy finally arrived.  Sounds awesome! I like the caterpillar thing under the lyrics of 'The Shame In Shedding Wool'. xD
@kyleterrell totally! so amazing 
@kyleterrell Yeah I'm kinda glad I did stay home 
@kyletolle Come West, young man!  Let us know when you're in town!
@KyleTully Cool! which part of Au do you reside? Eager to visit Au though 
@KylieAAM Tweeting mangoes your way... Received them? Maybe they got lost on the way. Or they are in my tummy. 
@kylieboyd heh  if i ran a restaurant i'd stick them inside away from everyone's prying eyes. i'd hate to be a celebrity.
@kylieireland  don't forget to email me the info. 
@kylieireland Do you have a facebook page? If not I'll email you pictures of my bangs. If you don't like them I'll blame the kitties. 
@kylieireland Hooray for soft pants 
@kylieireland Wont even go into the pool part though..but hey we have cable!..yay for &quot;but im a cheerleader&quot; 
@KylieLuvsJonas i hate when i don't know what to say while texting, it's soooooo awkward. *cue joe* AWKWARDDDDD 
@KylieLuvsJonas we need creeper rings! like you know the things where they go 'blah blah unites'? we need that! and a song! 
@KylieLuvsJonas YAY we creep @ChefJonas out! 
@kyliesaysparty your background is amazing 
@kylietowers Sounds like fun.  HAI!
@kyluhtoots yup! When are you free? I'll be back on 29th 
@kymasin wen u join this  bet u never looked for me!!!!!! 
@kymberlyh 1999 sucked. effin y2k?! party like its 2009! 
@kymcheelovely I love glitter!  
@kymdawkins it was fun 
@kymtastic YAY! Old!Ruby lovin was the general consensus I believe. Season 4 is awesome, I think you'll enjoy it 
@kynadiray Kyna! Hey there!  You don`t post so much in Tumblr anymoreee.
@KyNamDoan I still have trouble with judging other people's expenditures as excessive.. think of how many had JOBS building that boat.. 
@kynd77 Thanks for sharing the newsletter with us. 
@kyndoll haha youre so weirddd 
@kynk that's too much info 
@Kyo0tdemon it was a little stressful but all better now  I haven't played Spymaster all day so I'm planning on that, pp are still afterme
@Kyo0tdemon Start following @ZombieAssassin then he will get the rest of the team to follow you 
@kyoisorange ahh you is a lady, pokemario. Cool 
@kyoisorange and we can share him too! 
@Kyon_Eirue thanks!  i opened the windows!
@Kyoninyanko your parents are not geeks, they are just very very IT savvy!  and that's an awesome fact! (: *wave* good morning!
@kyoote thanks haha 
@KyotoVisitor yes KV  ....Calm down now. I don't know golf terms but I figured bogey is bad, or is it? LOL 
@kyoung55 no...not lyrics, just a quote I like. 
@kyoungblood6971 Awwwww, he even wrapped it in button wrapping paper. 
@kyourin having fun with twitter? 
@kyraclarke But it's the holidays soon - you can make all the yummy food you like then 
@KyraLovesLife teehee i know rightt? ahh i would pay a million dollars to see that  hahaha
@KyraLovesLife YESS i  agree! 
@KyraMia  right on. Thanks! 
@KyraNBromberg you should come to tonight meetup 
@KyraW you needn't be alarmed, just some IDOL chatter!! hahahahaha, gotta love them puns! 
@kyrobbins Hi there, yes I'd worked out it was a slightly crazy crew, I sometimes have problems keeping up with them! 
@Kyros_ Awesome! We should have champagne or something. 
@KYSHA_CANDYGIRL Both are good though. 
@kyspeaks Addictive right?  Now you know why I love poker! Hee hee. Even more fun playing it in real life too!
@kyspeaks Awwww you're still cute, KY! 
@kyspeaks I'd love to but I wasn't invited. 
@kytheria haha  wallah me 2 bs weeen #_# hehe oops ! i love this song soo much ;)
@Kytoo Hellz YAH!!  We should plan it! it would awesome!
@kyubikitsy Thanks. 
@kyunghan jol-ja/jor-ja or something? fffssd what does...that mean 
@kyza you should bring it to me, i'll swap it for an old white macbook. 
@KyzFOHmerch your amazing 
@kzasada looks like ill be able to go to #davematthews no dice on your mother's event b/c fam wants me back sunday. most good news tho! 
@kzotica Nope you are.  
@l_eau Aw.  Ok, I'm off now, on my exciting eskimo adventure with emski.  Talk soooon &lt;3
@l_eau Yeah, I think we can live with that. 
@L_i_n_d_a_ goood morning neighbour  !!!
@L_Knox  Woo! I really hope she wins  When we catching up for that dinner missy?
@L_Kromas  CUTIE!!! i'm soooo THERE! 
@l_Pooja_l  thanks fOr thinking Of it 
@L05_ @Mic88 Just played Mellow Out and Quantize for my mom...LOVES it. made me send it to her so she can put it on her ipod. 
@l0r you might as well clean now and get it over with lol. Hope you had fun yesterday 
@l0vEhillaryBaBy Hilarious, eh? 
@l1br4r14n Sprinkles make anything special for my 3 yr old. Including oatmeal. 
@l1laznhunnie and atx misses you too! thanks so much for coming down. I hope y'all had a good time!! 
@L2Lapparel Im being totally serious, id love to pass out some l2l stuff 
@L2Lapparel those are awesome postcards taylor! 
@l3l0 thanks for help  i sam the new-users and the faq , they are not what i aim for (mysql-user-authorization) but it's goin well today
@l3wish ? What's that? Please send tell. 
@l4cey have a drink for me 
@L4DYF4C3 Let me rephase, on a sunday of all days and you didnt invite me  Is this the rachel we met after stevens that one time?
@LA__Brat following you in here also, i hope you will atleast get this, also wishes for getting well soon ! 
@la_conqui5ta Thank you love 
@LA_Decostified Go to Crazy Rockin Sushi at Santa Monica and La Brea - in the Target center!!! Always half off 
@la_dodgers Dodgers are absolutely awesome, baby!!!  Way to go, Dodgers!  I'm proud of you guys!!  
@la_guy thanx for the update! 
@la_loquita right here.  coffee freshly made for you.  
@la_lynn THX!! btw: guess i'm not the only person who's indecisive 
@la_nena84 happy birthday to your papi!  that cake sounds gooood.  you're gonna come over and make me a cake on my birthday, right?  
@LA_PEARLA the &quot;rushing&quot; shall continue....im simply giving your words of encouragement 
@La_r_a NEVEER  I think that you both will get on well with each other...
@la_ri_sah tell them I said hi. 
@LA_Sparks That's cute!  Great game today! Keep it up! Go Sparks!
@LA_uren tha'd be awesome. we have a lot of alc 
@La_Vida_Dulce Haha...they're trained to most of my quirky habits, just not the bouncing off the walls 
@LA1981 Yes! We get to do a show together! 
@laaaaaa; he cant see our tweets remember? Noob 
@Laaalee why thank youuu.  thanks for coming! &lt;3
@laaannniii haha wow u gay...lol...hahahahah  n well im highkey pist @ da moment n u kno dat &gt;:O
@laalanthika hahahaha nice 1! The twittr world cn b in peace!  w/o.. THAT'S 'made up (lets b like the hills) drama'!! :| looool mess! X
@laalemana You must mean &quot;Hustling&quot; right?   Long time no see, how is life treating you now?
@Laatina MONDAYS ARE WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT. 
@Lab_Mouse  Like a Knight in shining armor 
@Lab_Mouse lol yeah changed it to my older one 
@Lab_Mouse lol, you just need to don the armor a little more often 
@Lab49Marie Let me know when you fancy going to watch something girlie 
@Labanya_x3 good idea hon.  always helps me.
@Labanya_x3 haha exactly the same!!  which is where I am now. Except writing on the comp. Haha
@Labanya_x3 who are the TCA nominees? linkage please? 
@LaBarceloneta I think I'll target it's original release date, which is July 29th.  Enough time to raise faux or ironic interest.  
@LaBarceloneta Isn't it, though?  You should have seen the way he was smiling when he told me.  
@LaBari Morning! You too! 
@LabbadiaSisters how did ur show go???  ilovejb(:
@LaBeautifulMess We will be having one in June. Follow @SMCPhilly for details or join our group on Facebook.  Hope to see you there!
@labeborris Hey new twitter friends...what's up....where are you at?  
@labeef Just wanted to stop by and say hi!!  Love your work!!  Hope all goes well with Transformers 2!! 
@labella27 hey, it works AND you got UT!  Run with it! 
@LaBellaBYTCH That's good!! Same here!!! The early bird gets the worm 
@LaBellaBYTCH wassup with u this morning. 
@labelladiva enjoy your beautiful Florida sun! it is raining here! have a happy  Sunday 
@labelladiva thanks will rb this later  
@labellagorda  Glad to hear that. Have a fun fun evening 
@labellagorda Same here... We need to start a TDH aandolan it seems 
@LaBellaSiM LOL cuz ur enjoying my conversation 
@LaBelleMel31 i cant wait to see it! 
@LaBelleMusik ; hahaha no doubt about it!  I'll be on the lookout for you!
@LaBelleMusik I got slumdog millionaire from my netflix today. yeaaaaaa 
@LaBelleMusik i love ur writing  i can definitely relate to your words.You are truely amazing my dear &lt;33
@LABELmeRoyalty hahaah  you sound just a tad bit upselt. you alright over theree?
@LABELmeRoyalty i dont even know  la la la
@LabiosSupreme just got done payin bills...bout to get some mcdonalds and go home   Scott goes in at 3 :/  Ur mom still gonna need him tom
@LaBitch5 Thanks! It was lookin bonny on Friday! 
@laborracha  I could probably have been a bit more subtle about breaking up their conversation... but hey, it was like 2am.
@labradors Good mornign! Have a great Friday!! 
@LaBreaB yup..we so are..i cant wait 
@labsji That is correct - we should not just protest, but propose alternatives. So what's the alternative to suppressing criticism? 
@Labyr1nth you should do that at work, its not what a nice weekend is for 
@lacedsarcasm Hey! Love your username if that's what it's called on twitter.  This is Marie from the SG bbs btw *L*
@lacelies  - , ?  EDGE.  G - GRPS.    ?  GSM,   ?? 
@LaceSoFly We are the &quot;Fugazi Patrol&quot; and our motto is &quot;If you see a clown point em out&quot; please let everyone know about us 
@laceyee Cebu 
@LaceyEvans oohh Lacey I'm sorry!! Get better soon...it was great to see you last night (you def played like a well person!)  
@LaceyJacqueline ::infinite huggles:: &lt;333 crying is good, it'll make u feel better 
@LaceyJones Great news, congrats. Good luck and have fun . 
@LaceyJones I vote for a clone. That means more Lacey for the rest of us to enjoy. 
@LaceyJones This is what I've been telling you! Your friends know you better than anyone, and we all love you. 
@LaceyJones wasn't there a Biily Idol about that? ... &quot;if I had a chance I'd ask a woman to dance.&quot; 
@Laceylovely oh sure. Lol  IITS&lt;3
@laceysavage don't cry, this is why you exercise - so you don't have to feel guilty when you do splurge on occasion. 
@LaceySchwimmer Dance Class: I didn't realize that you guys still train in dancing. I thought you knew it all 
@LaceySchwimmer i'll help you!!!!!!!   hahaha.
@LaceySchwimmer Lacey yourr soo pretty  will u be on nxt seasons DWTS ?
@LaceySchwimmer What colour did you buy Lacey? 
@LaceySchwimmer You'll kill it, Lacey.  SYTYCD was no fluke - you've got chops in your genre and in all the others, too! 
@LaceyTurner hows eastenders going?  x
@laceyvest @carlyblevins you got JB's album today too?  Isn't it great!?! 
@LaChatNoir Afternoon! I mean ... err.... morning! 
@LaChatNoir I much prefer Babylon 5 ;) Hello you 
@LaChatNoir not too bad is it 
@LaChatNoir Wow! Pro? V exciting, best of luck  We're doing Crave by Sarah Kane - really looking forward to it.
@LaChatNoir yes am well- am working from home so that is really good - no 4 hours of travelling for me today lol - hope head gets better! 
@LaCheleMarie awwwww tanks dear 
@lachlanhardy weeell... yes. okay. but just for half an hour. 
@lachristenson you're going to JAMAICA? uh, awesome! have fun! 
@LacksleepDNA No, it's like a.. Um msn, but you can video chat with like three other people, it's super cool.  IjusttrieditwithGore&amp;Perry!
@laconic1 Good ld Virgin Trains 
@lacouvee Ah *sigh* I need @hootsuite with @tweetdeck capabilities. NOW. 
@lacouvee And thank you for the #followfriday   Looking forward to meeting you soon 
@lacouvee It's been tough, but I have a couple of job interviews this week.  I am trying to remain as positive as possible.  
@lacrazymoni let me know if you need help with something 
@lacrossehawty Haha mines all from kissing 
@LactoseLottie Taco! Zit je in da Fishbowl? What a good little fishy you are! But no wee wee in da Fishbowl. 
@lacy247 I'll bring it to you Monday. 
@lacyleathers lol whats not to get. that was funneh 
@lacyleathers wow thanks for recomending me 
@lacylove  party animal...GO TO BED!
@lacylu42 I am epically cleaned out!! But I would like to see yer new digs! 
@LaCyn  I'm listening to Hoppipolla and reading the Driver's Guide. You?
@LadaZg Use twitpic.com and it will load across to twitter... hope you're doing ok 
@lade_shiine too bad rach , your getting the star  and your buying me bubble tea yup , yeah . you are . today. cuz i want one. PLEASE!? xD
@ladeabhijit yeah, green design is an area of my choice. 
@Ladee_SLiM I'm good...sleep deperived at the moment but other than that..lifes gucci 
@LadeeMichele glad you had fun 
@ladeenesta not bad at all! In the book I don't like him as much as edward though. 
@Ladiemost Good morning, Girl.  Hope your day is off to a great and fabulous start.  If not, it soon will be.  
@ladieslovetj im not playin!!!; if yuh ont take meh its war kid! fyi im always ready!  so wahtcah doing now?
@ladiesluvcapt thanks! =] cant wait to hearem! woop woop! be safe hun! 
@ladii_wallk haaaa we have the same name 
@ladiicouture228 he's in my prayer too...lovee yu sis..still feelin dat goose 
@ladiimmfm  thank u!! 
@ladivaloca AWESOME!!! How'd u accomplish that?!LOL  
@ladollyvita ok  he doesn't 50 nearly 51, he looks 32 xD damn i want a piece of him right now ;) lol
@LaDonnaLoehrke  lots of to reads!  And a few have reads   haha!
@LADTMarriott No Way!!!  Any people from 1984?  Is Ronnie still an operator?  Is Robert still playing piano?  Who is still there?  
@Lady__E only if providid in quantity and quality to run a stall 
@lady_inblack I wish to be isolated always..take advantage of this situation 
@lady_jane Play spilt personalites at #itsgrimupnorth - The 'physical' you can go to 1 session, and the 'virtual' you can attend another 
@lady_jane: it does seem to be raining just a little bit. 
@Lady_Luck0315 s0 u kno my day sucked yesterday but den around 2am it got better..i think i found a guy version of me lol 
@Lady_Luck13 love the new ink 
@lady_mimin96 OH HEY JOHOR BAHRUU jb  ahha sorry had to XD
@Lady_NadiaM thank you, more my neck 
@lady_pistons (er) I'm learning this. 
@lady_pistons: Thanks, Elissa! 
@lady_sackville jajajaja... elearning con twitter 
@Lady_Shyluv aww thank you, very sweet of you 
@Lady_Stephanie lol that would kinda reek of awesomeness 
@Lady_Stylezz Just passing by to say hi!! Have a great day 
@Lady_Twitster  Thanks for the special #FollowFriday...mwah 
@Lady_Twitster  welcome to #tweetdeck it's all soooo good 
@Lady_Twitster Ah it's not the same since the old days when he of the orange-face was still around. 
@Lady_Twitster ah that is a definite plus then - will keep my fingers crossed all is ok! 
@Lady_Twitster Good morning!!! 
@Lady_Twitster Hehe I should have known you would come up with something like that  doesn't feel like trapped wind
@Lady_Twitster Hi hun...hope ur in bed! at least one of us should do that noble thing!  xx
@Lady_Twitster I heard you the first time!  No, I have no Nik Naks..
@Lady_Twitster i know!! it's lovely! lol 
@Lady_Twitster I'm just making a coffee so I'll do you a cup if tea too if you like 
@Lady_Twitster Nah - I did them... British Amateur Gymnastics Association. Crab, headstand, etc required! 
@Lady_Twitster no I don't need that crap...good night, and will speak to u tomorrow!!! 
@Lady_Twitster No I thought u had! My mistake was dipplng in and out yesterday. Got your RL mixed up with your virtual one! 
@Lady_Twitster thank you!  but first I have to go to sleep... I hope your sore muscles behave for you!  
@Lady_Weatherby ROFLOL  #asb
@lady09 if you like to laugh..follow me..its just that simple 
@Lady12s Also, my work's not normal work. I come in on Saturdays to give tap lessons &amp; do homework w/kids. And I don't work Fridays. 
@lady699 I had just parked at Starbucks when I texted that 
@Ladyalana Goodnight sweetie!! And we'll talk more about tweeting song lyrics another time. See, I DO listen... 
@ladyarse funny that we were just discussing webb used to be a cop, what a coincidence lol 
@LadyAubergine I'll look at my contacts and see how can be a match for you 
@LadyAubergine Merci beacoups from one monarch to another 
@LadyB84 suprise 
@ladybee_5652 ... =D ok wassup 
@ladybellebeauty thanks for the feedback on it... 
@ladybolan  The internets been good to me, I've some great friends and a gorgeous husband thanks to it! x
@ladybug_155 I'll always have twitter!  Haha.
@Ladybug_HUGS Ok, that is really, really cute 
@ladybug1988 I loved your video Laura! 
@Ladybug2013 i thought we would go to this on friday: http://tinyurl.com/d4lr6w ... cocktail/summer-dress and good art!!! 
@LaDyBuG21 Hey Beckah 
@ladybug8320  I know what you mean. I've already lost lots of weight, so I don't have to buy new clothes 
@ladybug8320 Ah thank you Gill  You have a wonderful weekend too. Hugs xx
@ladybug8320 good morning ma'am 
@ladybug8320 great track! 
@ladybug8320 It definately is  Perfectly put. xx
@ladybug8320 its ok, its nice as well in this weather, can do better actually 
@ladybug8320 Naahh my plans for today is having lotsa cuppas...stay in bed as long as i can...online shopping! 
@ladybug8320 that's the theory! we have a busy day ahead, party in a park on the other side of london! Oughta do it  reality is i'll s ...
@ladybug8320 They are busy boys 
@ladybug8320 this is true  the mile stones never stop! Sure anticipation is bigger fear than the actual event 
@ladybug8320 we are dancing twice, a bit of a festival in Welshpool, 'Strictly Ballroom' monday night, should be fun 
@ladybug8320 We will - have a great day too! 
@LadybuggerNet Oh cool I just figured this out 
@ladybugs_12 This is funny. By the time you go there next they'll need a different size of shoes than they needed now. You saved money. 
@ladychatterley It's criminal you're not as 'big' as you should be, but y'know, if you keep putn such great material out, then thats fine 
@ladychatterley Read it. You come across very nice 
@ladychellez aww chellez ya killin me ova here! Lol u kno u knock me off my feet mami!!  let me cut it out I hope u havin a great day  ...
@LadyCruella  blackberry is certainly the way to go 
@LadyCruella sleep well you 
@LadyDelphina Thanks for having faith in me 
@LadyDenDen @BadAssFrank Come in with Frank, ill play POKER FACE just for him!   jk
@ladydia I saw Kheyann today! I told her I'd help you guys move. 
@LadyDonovan I'mmmmm baaaaaaaaaaccccckkkkk.  The cats are going apeshit over their purrnature 
@ladydreamer823 yes I am feeling a lot better today still not 100 percent but MUCH better  How was your Sat ?
@ladydreg1977 yeay! Bounce! I get to show off my new corset 
@LadyEcclesxX *high five* 
@LadyEcclesxX http://twitpic.com/6tj6a - AWWW! Adam with a Dummy in!  He hasn't changed abit has he? 
@ladyemusic thats what it is im good 2 bay  just checked out ya youtube.. Rihanna betta watch out!
@LadyErlynne well, if Sharmila went to Hogwarts she'd have a House anyways. 
@LadyExec Wow!  Looks like a pretty cool too! Video producer.... FREE sign up... Thanks for sharing, I'm going to sign up. 
@ladyfox14 i would bet it's developers. but then again i speak portuguese 
@ladyfox14 is been raining a lot lately so no sunny beaches in the Caribbean other than that is been good 
@LadyFrontbum oh good.. shouldnt be long now and it's just routine for her unless she is sick or stressed.. good work  get sleep tonight x
@ladygaga  Hi  I Love you kisses Rubi
@ladygaga Bonjour Mrs Lady GaGa  MOUHAHAW! I love your song. When you come in France, call me. Love you, xoxo.
@ladygaga come to germany please! 
@ladygaga hehe kewllios, how's everything goin' anyways gaga? 
@ladygaga hi miss lady GaGa! I',m one of your fan here in the Philippines. More powers and keep ROCKING our world! 
@ladygaga Hi, I lovee your songs 
@ladygaga I Love You More And More Every Second!!  The Famebook For You is Coming Along Great! I Love You Gaga  Please Follow Me Back 
@ladygaga just saw... paparazzzzzzi  AND ITS AMAZZZZZZZZING
@ladygaga lady gaga!!!!!!!!!!!!! love your songs so much! 
@ladygaga sounds nice 
@ladygaga ur new video is HOT!!! And ur song is just as good! 
@ladygaga Your new video is crazy.  Can I have that lollipop wig please?  
@ladygaga your song 'love games' is great. okay. but nobody knows the lyrics. everybody writes another lyrics. ;) it's complicated 
@ladygagafan1 the stuff that you keep a secret.  once again, im not keeping up with replies. im lammmmmme!
@ladygbd After some thought, I realized the inside of my head sounds like that. It's kind of weird, but it should explain a lot. 
@ladyharley99 tell your mom i wish her happy mothers day i hope you feel better 
@LadyHeatherBug well, Milan is not so charming like Venice bur we got a bunch of good spots... and it's the best if you like shopping 
@LadyinSilk i'm fine  and you ?
@ladyjennalyn  AND MY VAMPIRE SPERM?
@LadyKadi Happy Mother's Day, Kadi!! 
@ladykaisthename yeh I gotta get my hair done sat. Good morning 
@LadyKatheryn haha awsome, well its looks like fun wearing it all! Luckyyy! 
is going to the Comedy Zone again tonight! Shaun Jones is pretty awesome! 
is going to the Derny race with Sofie &amp; Cindy.... And i'll see Eric there ! 
is going to the Elton John/Billy Joel concert tonight!  Get back honky cat! 
is going to the Go:Audio signing this afternoon 
is going to the gym  yay.
Is going to the gym in a minute 
is going to the gym tomorrow 
Is Going to the Gym.. Still In Quest.. 
is going to the lake today 
Is going to the mother wiff elise and samantha today. 
is going to the movies to watch monsters vs aliens! 
is going to the movies tonight and tango @ tanzhaus afterwards  gonna be fun!
is going to the movies!  my studying can wait or tomorrow XD
is going to the opening ceremony of the first session of the southern sudan legislative assembly!! The police band will be playing 
is going to the pancake breakfast and anxiously waiting for a text message 
is going to the pool 
is going to the pool. 
is going to the pub with her boys 
is going to the SKINS party on the 2nd of May  wicked!!!
Is going to the store with S.  Then, go and pick up J from school.
Is going to the trafford centre to finally get my prom dress!!! 
is going to the training, finally 
Is going to the zoo! 
is going to tigerbeat... Will be fun times! 
is going to toe-tally clean up the house - bathroom - kitchen - bedroom and all. 
is going to try oatmeal + banana pancakes...yay, healthy food 
is going to try to get more people to use twitter 
is going to vegas this weekend 
is going to visit jerry tonight  #fb  http://twitpic.com/7izkd
is going to visit the biggest, most hugest Lakeland in the world tomorrow  Who's jealous?!
is going to walk to the library 
is going to watch Dream Girls today!! 
is going to watch Howl's Moving Castle before attempting to draw the castle. Get me in the mood and all that 
is going to watch JON &amp; KATE PLUS 8 and get some new songs for my ipod!  yay!
is going to watch terminator salvation 
is going to watch the Apprentice &quot;yeah, watch Judge Judy when you're all sad and alone&quot;-bad idea bears make me 
is going to watch the last 15mins of BB on C4+1 and go to bed. 
Is going to watch up 
is going to wear her new zebra-print dress to her mom's grad party2 tonight 
is going to wear the Eau De FCUK tomorrow. 
Is going to Wegmans 
is going to work, then time to get back on track - going running 
Is going to work. Meeting up with @espenao asap. 
Is going to work..  Oh yess... Role on the weekend. Cant wait. Hope i get to see my boyy this weekend tooo , Loves him much xxxx &lt;3
is going to work.. sick.. but the money is for my puppy so i'll endure 
is going too bed 
Is going underground so I'm unable to tweet, I will resume when I'm overground! 
is going up north for the weeeekeeennnnddd!! Woo! 
is going walking 
is golfing with daddy.  and I'm doing good 
is gona lay down with his @Keao awww 
is gonna be busy this last week of vacay. oh yeahh. 
Is gonna be laughing all night long about throwing her pjs in the trash... Classic LOL goodnight!! 
is gonna call it a night 
is gonna do one more day of geography. then media 
is gonna get a new ipod tomorrow 
is gonna get on Toontown then beddie bye. 
Is gonna get some smart glasses. They seem to raise the iq and I am already a genius. So look out. 
is gonna get the ppv tonite! 
Is gonna get the voyager soon! Ah i'm so happy  ^AshleyHope^
is gonna get up and go to town 
Is gonna go and wash her hair 
is gonna go do homework 
is gonna go get ready to head out. Have a good day 
is gonna go have a snack. 
is gonna go read &amp; text. laptop's doing my head in aha. night  xx
is gonna go sit out in the lovely sun again 
is gonna go to the beach soon, lather up... hollywood beach  http://plurk.com/p/z48af
Is gonna go work off some negative thoughts then get my hair cut.... That's should make me feel good 
is gonna have a clean Mac after this  burning all my movies away! http://plurk.com/p/wxqd1
is gonna have a movie weekend hopefully if ppl dont flake lol. terminator (finally) and the hangover 
Is gonna have a wonderful day with my gorgeous girlfriend 
is gonna have an irish wedding 
is gonna have tons of side work to do this week *excited*.  Almost feels like I have two jobs now 
is gonna play braid do not disturb 
is gonna re-up my you tube account, new videos comming soon  
is gonna shower, and take a nap...very tired... 
is gonna spend a lush day in the sun 
is gonna try 2 have a great weekend.. @isasmama when are you guys coming down, we can go swiming.. ashers is looking for Isa.. 
Is gonna try to make patellitos!  
is gonna vote for the first time 
is gonna watch a film with Marcus today. 
is gonna watch shrek and have some moose tracks ice cream 
Is gonna work her arse off today. Promise 
is gonna work today...just not right now 
Is Good @_mel_ good girl!!! haha  i have canned creamed corn for lunch booo: @_mel_ good girl!!! haha :.. http://tinyurl.com/lh6rzr
is Good aftie  WAAAH. I want new emoticons already -_-&quot; BUMMER. (angry) http://plurk.com/p/x4iga
is good and sleepy now! over acting like i don't have my work and run tomorrow. nitey nite tweetz! chat with u l8r! 
Is good old fashioned finger painting 
is graduating today 
is GRADUATING TODAY!! 
is graduating tomorrow! omg 
is graduating tonight! 
Is grateful for all her friends.  Love you guys. 
is grateful for the birthday wishes, great weather, long weekend, and abundance of good times  Thanks everyone!!!
is grateful that its only 32 degrees and cloudy today 
is grateful to God for blessing her today  i honestly cant ask for anything more
is green tea and having a productive day already 
is greening her thumb while gardening ... fun but i dont think im a huge fan of dirt 
is greeting all of the mothers out there a very special mothers day! 
is grillin' carne asada 
is gunna go watch some tv, then take a shower! 
is had great day today thanks to my awesome friends!!!!! 
is halfway thru reading @MrJackO bio...Great read 
Is hammered. Haha had a great night 
is handmade goodness at the moment  xxx
Is hangin in Civic with the Dare boy.... Had a great arvo so far!! 
is hangin out with my second family in LC 
Is hanging at home. Had a BLAST with Sam playing wiiiiii 
Is hanging out by the pool 
is hanging out than going to the city this afternoon 
is hanging out with bryce, ryan, sarah, and possibly kyle 
is hanging out with changy 
is hanging out with her boy!  you make me soo hott, make me wanna DROP ;)
is hanging out with my family. 
is hanging out with my hubby 
is hanging out with nicole!!!!!! 
is hanging out with the best friend 
Is hanging out! 
is Hanging with CRAIG tonight!  &lt;3
is hanging with friends 
is hanging with niyia piyia on my off day 
is hanging with umma and Hae 
is hanging. subway breakfast please 
is happier knowing, that while she has to suffer, she is certainly not alone 
is happier than a bird with a french fry 
is happier than a bird with a french fry!   
Is happy a very nice gentleman and his wife let us have their exit seats! It's going to be a nice flight 
Is happy about her new massage place! New table coming too!  www.massagebyshez.com
is happy about the class opening! Whew. It was canceled  it'll be on the 17th.. Nice one )
is happy and feel super loved.  http://plurk.com/p/11bybe
is happy because he came during our training. 
is happy because the weather is good! Gettin my legs out  !! Whoooo! Time to slap on some fake tan!
is HAPPY CAUSE SHE ATE SEAWEED for DINNER   http://plurk.com/p/z2n8a
is happy coz baby boy is right beside me nw, in my hse! 
Is happy cus Alex took her to South Coast Plaza for the first time 
is happy for anu and ayush. well done guys  congrats 
is happy happy joy joy with her new coloring materials. 
is happy her inlaws managed to get her a &quot;Cutterfly&quot; in the US ... Taaaaa!! 
Is happy I get the truck today,all to myself to drive! 
Is happy I made it back home northtown!!!! Its so peaceful right about now I am going to enjoy this!!!!!! 
is happy its friday  just was exams to end now, so we can party at Bostons and Subz  WAHOOO
is happy its sunny today. Off to town in a bit then a BBQ tonight 
Is happy Joey's in town 
is Happy Mother's Day Mom!!! 
is happy my baby is home to me 
is happy Rebecca St James songs are on itunes  and also getting more of The Kinks Songs.
is happy right now because she got new bedsheets from Aussino and a table lamp from Ikea. 
is happy tat mum is coming home tomorrow !!! 
is happy that @lilyroseallen is recording a video for 22 defo my second fave of the its not me its you album 
Is happy that diversity one BGT tbh   everyone else was amazing aswell 
Is happy that Dollhouse is coming back on Sept 18th, yay ! 
is happy that El Lakeros is up 2-0.... work n body treatment.. in that order ... srike a pose ... 
is happy that I went through like a panel interview today and that my mom met someone that has the power to give me a career job... 
Is happy that she don't have 2 work with the pratt 2day. 
Is happy that she is only friends with like 5 girls and no longer has to deal with such high school crap. 
is happy that she's gonna be absent for four days at school  WOOHOO!
Is happy that the combustion fire is on...  It's nice'n'toasty here tonight 
is HAPPY the BAYBUCS won their game...58-8! yay  http://www.eteamz.com/bayareabuccaneers
is happy to be getting a night out tonight.. cool friends and great music! Yay!! 
is happy to be home 
is happy to be working today $15.50/hr and B******  k bye the bus is here 
is happy to finally get the kitchen remodeled.  Hurricane &lt;my mother&gt; came thru and ran with the project...lol definitely one of a kind
Is happy to have her Xbox360 back. 
is happy to know that you're well-loved. 
Is happy to report that our tech man Tom has found a way to do automatic ticket printing from online orders 
is happy to see sunshine!! 
is happy to start a new life after college, but remembering the past is truly the best 
is happy with her paycheck.  (thank you lord)   http://plurk.com/p/wwtot
is happy with the way things are going!! 
is happy with the win last night, well done girls 
is happy!  My laptop is fixed. Good old PCWorld!
is haPPy!! there's HAIRSPRAY on TV again!  i loove that movie!  i but i watch it just..um.. 1 394 849 times!! XD &lt;3
is happy, just brought new shoes, new top and new dress 
is happy, the new PHP Forum is up!  #fb
is happy.  i'm gonna so swimming! i love summer!&lt;33
is happy. and things of that nature 
is have a pyjaaaarma dayy 
is havin a girlie night watchin sex and the city 
is havin a very happy unbirthday with cass and kam 
is having a bbq and watching BGT 
is having a bbq in the sunshine 
is having a blessed day 
is having a cuppa &amp; some ginger biscuits. 
is having a drink with my lover 
Is having a fabulous time on vacation laying on the beach, skydiving, and now fishing at the pier 
is having a good day so far 
is having a good day, so far. Fingers crossed it keeps going.  #fb
is having a good morning so far  
Is having a good sunday family dinner!! Hummy! 
is having a great bday dinner with my husband! 
is having a great Saturday. 
Is having a great time at CM15 with Nicky 
Is having a great weekend and good life period fells lucky to be blessed... 
is having a grreat summer 
is having a happy day! Just try to stop me 
is having a laaaaaaaaaaazy day with the kiddos   On to strenuous outdoor activities tomorrow 
is having a late night taco party with some awesome people! 
is having a lazy day 
Is having a lazy morning at home listening to tunes, and waiting for my family to arrive 
is having a loungey sunday 
is having a lovely, lazy sunday 
is having a loverrly weekend with her lover 
is having a major headache. Sleeping early today so that I'll be able to wake up for cheer practice, can't wait. Eric is coming tomorrow 
Is having a mary-kate &amp; ashley marathon with lisa niff haley and alice  soon to be becca! yay!!
Is having a nice birthday lunch at the lodge hotel in coleraine 
is having a night off the internet so if u want me text me 
is having a picnic in Alexandra Park today, the weather is LUSH and i have the friends with sandwiches for it 
is having a Pool Party on Thursday!Throwing a show on July 9th w/ The Requested, Madore &amp; probably Starluck and Through Arteries Untold! 
is having a pretty good long weekend. 
is having a rather slow evening. Perfect for some R&amp;R. 
Is having a rave party in the curtains! We are not being good examples 
Is having a Sammy withdrawl  Who the fuck is supposed to call me Jilly or a Crazy Yankee what else? now LOL X
is having a singing and dancing around the flat in your underwear day! 
Is having a slumber party with liv!!  degrassi marathon and movies galore!! Chips and dip, yum!! I lovelovelove them!! 
is having a strong cuppa coffee  
is having a trantastic time at Buffalo Wild Wings in Whorlando, eating/drinking his body weight with B, B and E  #fb
is having a very good weekend. VBS all week, spring festival this weekend. New Sharon is such a blessed little town 
Is having a very happy birthday 
is having a very interesting conversation with an old friend who is recently single.... lol 
is having a well-deserved break today..NO PHONE CALLS, NO EMAILS..only plenty of catch up movies to doooooo 
Is having a wonderful Birthday! 
Is having another day in the office, but getting bennys bike at lunchtime 
is having breakfast in bed!!! cereal and a nice cup of tea with fresh fruits on the side 
is having coffee after a long walk in the woods with Finja  god I can't feel my legs .... lol,  my thoughts are flying to my special w ...
is having dinner infront of laptop 
is having dinner nows  eatiiing time
is having easy day! 
is having egg and soldiers this morning 
is having fried galunggong for breakfast... yummy!  http://plurk.com/p/x33e0
Is having fun at the party!!!! 
is having fun at work, riz never fails to make me laugh  can't wait for payday ;)
is having fun on a Friday morning  ... a day without coding 
is having fun on the internet ! 
is having fun poking out the flaws of the disney company's new-age shit 
is having fun singing to i am a unicorn 
is having fun with alice's ukulele 
is having fun with battlefield heroes!  the music keeps playing in my head
is having fun with chris at the comedy gala thing. Just figured out how to get twitter on my mobile. Yay for me! 
is having fun with my wii 
Is having fun with sean and chris in the lobby and is messing around with left over stuff from canyon views prom. Great fun 
Is having fun! Making new friends and reuniting with old ones! Tipsy and 25! Woot! 
is having her hair done today.  Lovely 
is having his share of midnight fun 
Is having Jade's bday party 
is having mixed feelings. will be fine soon. 
is having my morning coffee and packing to head out for a day at the beach with friends 
is having pizza with the bff of bff's tonight 
is having Sassi-chan at my place xD This evening Abi-Fete  Love it *.* What's up twitter fans? 
is having some drinks 
is having some fun with bleach today 
Is having spaghetti with wine and studied a little Italian and is watching the movie Seven Pounds. 
is having the funnest most kickass day ever :p jet skiing with eric and dan  
is having trouble falling asleep. This comic makes up for it.  http://bit.ly/RHCub
is having way too much sangria! 
is he awesome in mission impossible 3 -- and hot.
is headed home from walmart with my grocery's and tiki torches! Yay! 
is headed home!!!!!!!!! 
is headed to acting class in a bit 
Is headed to Alabama to see my little big brother graduate from high school 
Is headed to bed...dreams of Tony in her head...Tony AWARDS that is 
is headed to birmingham for a shoot, then nashville to hang out. mini jet-set much? 
is headed to camp in the morning 
is headed to church! have a blessed day 
is headed to Disneyland. 
is headed to getaway in 20 minutes  
is headed to Korea in a few weeks 
is headed to my Babe's game,...then out 2 View later! 
is headed to the bed....goodnight people! 
is headed to the future in-laws for dinner, tv and relaxation! 
Is headed to work, come to Cornerstone and say Hi!...and buy a guitar while you're there! Or a Bass..I'm indifferent 
is headin to Jamaica!!!!  one week of paradise!
is heading back home this afternoon after a great weekend up here 
is heading back to California to see her niece and do some OTJ until Sunday then possibly back to Arizona for the week 
is heading into work early and then hang out with the gang tonight for some movies and late night swimming  fun fun!
is heading out for an evening walk   (without the trip to Braums)
is heading out to church - interpreting today   be back later on - then will have to pack to leave town tomorrow 
is heading out to church, then later home for a nap 
is heading out to take Riah to Peter Pan Rehearsals - see you soon 
Is heading out to the beach soon 
is heading out to the pool again! aaahhhh...music, sun and chillaxin'!!!  loving it! Hope everyone has a great weekend! chow twitterer's
is heading outside in the sun today with EcoKid  He says he has an important mission today LOL!
is heading to bed - have to get to  church early tomorrow to practice the song I am signing - good night all 
is heading to bed. 
is heading to bed.  3+ papers down, part of one to go.  But I'm still heading to Chapel Hill this weekend to visit the lovely Lesley-Anne 
is heading to bed. Have a good day ahead tmr guys  Loads of love.
is heading to Beverly Hills to pick up my friend for Game 7 of the Lakers vs. Rockets! Go Lakers!!!  #NBA #Playoffs
is heading to Canterbury for the Summer Ball tonight 
is heading to church real soon, maybe that will make my day a little better. 
is heading to churchhh 
is heading to daytona soon to see his babe 
Is heading to Giancarlo's on The Drive for coffee, then to Hats Off Day. Look for me, I'm the one wearing a jacket 
is heading to london tommorow till wednesday to see wrestling at the o2 if anyone fancys meeting up for a drink through the day txt us! 
is heading to Lotus in Hermosa to meet up w Em. We're working on something fabulous....you'll see 
is heading to NJ to visit my Daniel tomorrow!!! 
is heading to Oxford later today  but needs to search for presents!!
is heading to the beach for the day in florida  got the cooler packed yo! and tonight mtv awards..new moon trailer 
is heading to the gym 
is heading to the mtv movie awards for red carpet visibility with alita! 
is heading to the Rhododendron Festival today 
is heading to the victoria quarter with Cashe and Cash 
is helping a friend. 
is helping dadda chomp down a tree while getting a lesson on tamarack trees 
Is helping out in the garden with 'plant-placing'  And laughing at people covered in mud   &gt;&lt;
Is helping tricia get a twitter-I'm getting her all excited for it!  lol
is here  http://plurk.com/p/1120l4
is here in school with Kay! &lt;3   All my indecision ,All of my excess Don't you ever tell me I'm not lovin' you best I
is here in tech class with Victoria and Nikita ! 
is here with the gma from monterrey 
is here, working beside my love. 
is here.. and i passed in the my subject,, wuhu.. 
is hiding from the rain watchin family guy 
Is History with @ThePatient94, doing a Keynote pres. on 1950s music! 
is holding my dog and dreaming about sharin'   
Is home  and on the house phone talkin to my new bff lol 3000 miles away or how ever far LA is
is HOME  http://plurk.com/p/z2whg
is home after 1st night of Revo Conference. GREAT Start! Pr. Sandra spoke with passion! Received a word for me too  God still speaks! Yay!
Is home after 24 hours in shobdon... Shobba-dobba-dob 
is home after a fun day of pool and baseball 
is home after a long day in Vancover B.C. and a movie! wooow long day 
is home after a reasonable day as the paediatrician on call 
is home alone! and is going to go eat some chocolate 
is home and sleepy. Very sleepy. But on the plus side, that means dreams of my love   Good night guys..
Is home baking a cake for her honey. Happy birthday love!  &lt;3 you! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 .
is home curled up with the Besties 
is home for good tonite  hopefully =S
is home for the summer.. but going to Manger this weekend, so no work 
is home from a great night out with a chinese 
is home from a night out  nyc was amazing!
is home from cheer and tumbling now going to take shower then gossip girls! 
is home from church and just ate 
is home from church. My sunday just started.... 
is home from college early again... dont see no point of going in lol 
is home from dinner with barkada  http://plurk.com/p/ulajo
is home from orientation 
is home from Rockford.....fun night with family   http://plurk.com/p/xbds7
is home from school. Will go back tomorrow to finish my enrollment.  Still have workshop later. I hope we fi... http://plurk.com/p/y1dim
is home from shooting the most awesome music video  Charlie's here now, woohoo!
is home from Toronto-  what a weekend 
is home from work and is happy with his new car - and coming day off 
Is home from working an all-nighter and having a 23 hour day...think I might hit the sac now 
is home now. Cooking Pho. Perfect for a rainy evening.   http://plurk.com/p/pbwog
is home on a friday night. lovelyyy. excited for tomorrow at erin's though  &lt;3
is home whoott. Happy Mother's Day Madre 
is home with my man... just cleaned the apartment, it smells great 
is home with the babba, chilling. Looking forward to going to Geneva on Thurs - got a new suitcase today and everything!!! 
is home with the family   had a funn day !
is HOME!  but leaving for over a week 2morrow... 
is HOME!  i've taken it upon myself to unpack the entire car while everyone else sleeps... i hope they appreciate. i'm to happy to sleep.
is home!! talking abt my birthday party with my ma 
is home, just cleaned upstairs and put a bandaid on because my finger nail split a bit to low and I dont want to rip it off!! 
is home, what an amazing night.. even tho work kinda sucked afterwards was fun and entertaining tho   night
is home.  http://plurk.com/p/vggq5
is home. Getting ready to watch the Mtv Movie Awards  New Moon preview!!!!!!!
is home. just had dinner. going out for a pedicure  http://plurk.com/p/vgu57
is home. Now time to watch more vids online!  Cell's good!
is home. Went to Camille's place.  I miss batchi Haha! (dance) http://plurk.com/p/vg7sb
is home.. in bed after a crazy day of exams, BBQs by the lake.. and dancing. Yey for bed 
is home... where dreams come true... 
is homesick. I received Haighs chocolate from a friend in Aus today... It's an early birthday present... 
is homeworking herself to sleep tonight.. joining her will the sweet sounds of Mozart, Beethoven, Bach, Tchaikovsky, &amp; Eminem!! Hahaha 
is hooked to vyfe's super-duper cooking   
is hopefully going back to brighton on thursday for a couple of days spend them at the beach 
Is Hopefully going to go and see the new Hannah Montanna Movie tomorrow on my day off with Livvy + Ali  Should be fun!!
is hopefully guna start working at miami children's hospital soon 
Is hopefully mac shopping today 
is hoping Amy arrives safely home from her Afghanistan adventures 
is hoping Duke doesn't wake up for another hour! 
is hoping for a fast day at work, but not an overwhelming one with customers 
is hoping for the best 
is hoping Jake is having a good time in Iowaville 
Is hoping jc pennys will hire me. Work close to celia and get sweet discounts to buy her cool stuff 
is hoping June 10 will never come. &gt;_&gt; School sucks. Damn you DepEd. 
is hoping that all the Mama's out there have a super special Mother's day today!  &lt;3
is hoping to book her flight to Portland today 
is hoping to fall asleep before 3am tonight. Time to get started now. 
is hoping to meet new people 
@LadyKing abba will be stuck in your head all night 
@ladykristina Lotsa weirdness on Twitter. I just unfollowed 100+ people to lower my weirdo quotient. Maybe I was the weird one? 
@ladykristina Thanks. Now you go tell Rick Sanchez they also make suits that fit. 
@ladylaine18 i quite like God Save Our King too 
@LadyLeet re: shoes. I disagree with @hesterprynne09. I always notice people's shoes, especially the people who I love 
@Ladylicious_K Im awake now! 
@LadyLindsay yours too - we will be here 
@LadyLJ - thanksu! 
@LadyLogan haha I am having another photographer but she has permission when I don't need her at my side to take pics!  
@ladylogan http://twitpic.com/6fw1f - Aw hes adorable!!   You have such cute kids!
@LadyLogan nope but i can get it hold on  http://bit.ly/itHGp  &lt;&lt;mm (via @nikkideejay)
@LadyLogan Thats awesome!!  Good idea!!  
@ladyloki Why dont you ? (80s reference noted 
@ladyltattoos aww man i quit u got me! but 4real hit me up l8r if u wanna come thru i'll put u on my list 
@ladyltattoos yeah they just moved me from premium to taste...i'm much happier up there 
@LadyLucius Yeah, I gathered it was from an ep. Okay. I'll go with &quot;evolution&quot; then, HAHA. Easier to spot them now  Thanks!! On Ep. 3 now!
@ladymadonna8 yep seems like they had a luv weekend before he had to leave, since none of them were seen outside the hotel lol 
@ladymaryann maybe Megan was just checking his shoes, Anoop does wear cool shoes all the time!  wahhh... i'm really still in denial... LOL
@ladymaryann okie! eat well dear! 
@ladymaryann You're welcome, Mary Ann!  Searching for terms was fun. xD
@LadyMelancon Hey there! 
@LadyMiller Yes!  Physical contact!  Gets them every time. Then run away really fast 
@LadyMillzzz Hey whats good? Took a quick look at your myspace, i like what i see! 
@LadyMillzzz who u snappin on pretty ? lmao 
@LadyMimsETP June 12th Club Nocturnal... Get Ur Tix... 
@ladymisssusan aww ur sweet. I'm trying  kind of doubt urself after a failed 3yr relationship....someday though
@LadyNeuro Captain America is coming back you don't know him but I'm happy now.  @Supearlative5 you got the itis huh?
@LadyNewYear welcome to the big apple! I hear winter coats are still appropriate. Weekend of 6/26 I'm up there...get ur self in order 
@LadyNez95 hahaha I knw I'm excited! Haha I see MJ aug 17th  . Let's hope he sees where I'm comin from lol.
@ladyofnoman I wish you a fast recovery, drink a lot of water, it help a lot 
@ladyofsalzburg hee, remember falling asleep to that film in the cinema. Awoke in the next showing and thought, wow, this is a long film 
@ladyofsalzburg I have a Peroni u could share?  
@ladyofsalzburg i'm good thanks ... last nights crisis sorted now ... brother car went on fire in Broseley ... everyones ok tho luckily 
@ladyofsalzburg Likewise!  Was just asking permission to bookmark ur Flickr site.  Must be late.  I need sleep!  *Zzzzz*  
@ladyofsinging i'm not above a beer in the bath on occasion! 
@LADYoftheDARK eat with yur left hand, tweet with your right one!   #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming #marsiscoming
@LADYoftheDARK OMG you are my hero then &lt;3 take your time, dont worry  &lt;33333
@LadyOTrout You are very welcome 
@LadyParadis Ah. I figured you probably were or kept a very punishing schedule. 
@LadyParadis Glad to hear  Mine was good too. Can you throw me some inspiration? ;) Things keep getting in the way of writing lately.
@LadyParadis Good morning  it's lovely, warm winds blowing, aah summer..
@LadyParadis Oh I meant the ones you wrote based on my &quot;vision&quot;  Like I said on lastfm
@ladypn: &quot;Its a Brand New Day already! Time to leave the dance party!   &quot; ? http://blip.fm/~7b89t
@LadyProducHer  Going pretty good I must say!  No complaints...well I have some but I'm fixin them lol. How are things for you?
@LadyProducHer here goes the link http://bit.ly/jh5Fm and whatever fits for you ms. just let me know what i need to do  THANK YOU
@LadyProducHer its very nice 
@LadyProducHer whooooa! you SO rock.... i was goin nuts tryin to figure it out ! 
@ladyproducher whtz good lady 
@LadyProducHer yeah a lil busy but I would rather be busy than bore anyday!  And that sounds like a productive day...
@LadyRedCrest alex is gonna be on the tour til nc, be sure to look for him! 
@ladyrepublica Good luck 
@LadyRhiannon it was AWESOME!!!!!  Ill give ya a call today when you're awake XD
@LadyRosaRot That's good to hear (read)! 
@LadyShaeShae how exciting  Im sure everything will go smoothly, your all grown up  lol
@Ladysmiles what did she say? 
@ladysov Hey now... either put down the glass or the Twitter app, friends don't let friends drink and Tweet. 
@ladyspeaker Absolutely agree with your post 100%. And I feel as a man that I have even LESS of a say.  But that's just me.  
@ladystacy  Where you working now? Going to the SG meeting tonight?
@ladystacy Puzzle Quest is horribly addictive, love it. Gave it a glowing SG review  any news on when you start at Government?
@ladytater or Ikea, that is somewhere near woodbridge isn't it 
@ladythana THANKS BABE 
@LadyThawk I was on sick leave, but enjoyed the time off. Thank goodness for vacation and sick days 
@ladytray GOOD LUCK! You will WOW them 
@Ladytronmusic  Seattle is Great!!   Try Queen Anne street after your show for good pubs...  
@ladytwiglet I am having a big party  I NEVER do that
@ladytwiglet oooooo garlic and basil  now that sounds tasty
@ladyw87 good shit i love to hear people spending time with their kids 
@ladyw87 lol well follow me 
@ladyw87 wow...amen. You don't know how happy this tweet makes me 
@LadyWrites yes lady  i hate that  i hate hate laundry ... sometimes it is just better to buy new clothes 
@LADYwSENSE I have four workdays left . It has been 100 degrees              for ten days ! :O  It's nice in SFNM ! Cool , balmy 
@ladyysav hey savannah what are you up to girl? 
@ladyzee70 did u listen to mix's chart today? I over slept. But @NKOTB is at # 2 now! 
@LaelChap I am so proud of you! I'll look for you at the park and see if you keep your word 
@Laeme Dear Joana started this   so here's one for you &amp; for me, both! )  http://tinyurl.com/b5qsrj
@LaEstrellaBella My bad! Well u have all day to get all prettied up! 
@laexis and the habitat is twitter-active. Neat 
@laFerocityPro Kamai!!!!!!!  When are you going to be in Oahu again?
@laFerocityPro Sweet! Car shopping is the single most awesome experience you can have! Shame about how it always ends.... 
@LaFyhrie tell yo' mamma I axe how she durr!!! 
@LAGalaxy shoot, invite me down to the field too ;). I've been here since 10ish!  
@LaGiggles Have a beautiful y safe trip!!! Lots of hugs y hearts 
@laglassonetsy Well thank you!  Yeah, I'm on 1000 Markets. I have yet to make a sale there, though. I'm doing MUCH better on Etsy.
@lagonfly updating to 10.5.7??? I already have a Hackintosh too 
@LagoonBand Glad I could make you laugh  Now if only I could sleep.....
@lagoonpmac You're out from hiding it seems!  How's life? Good I hope...
@laGrandeTrunk I'm following lots of Valpo folks on Twitter. If you want to connect with some locals, you might browse my following page. 
@LagSeeing Lbeck is boring... My rabbit feels good. How are you? 
@lagunadeb wish the best for you 
@LahLah_C YAYAYAY ill be listenin on capital!  what time does it start? 
@lahnnerose Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@lahwera I'm living vicariously through you tonight 
@LAiiG0RE And the Kelly And And Fluffy Feather thingy 
@laikas &quot;I've included a link to your 2nd post in my UpToDate article&quot; - Thank you. You didn't have to  Your UTD post is a great summary.
@laikas well, I'm should go to Dublin tomorrow and will be staying in Airlington Hotel 
@lailanisingson lmao ill take it slow while im eating.  
@Lailastweets the mood to do? If you wanted I could load up on DVDs and drive out to you  I really don't mind, just want to see you! xx
@laimaitai21 Really? That is wonderful!  You are a popular lady!
@LainaxBaina i didn't get it! Yum sushi 
@LainaxBaina lol Never that boo! I just seen you at the table doing the same ish I was. Don't nobody be twitter like us 
@laineydonnelly have fun with the vintage dresses..  x
@laineyhannah hey i'm still following you 
@lainiep Awww, I needed that a few weeks ago! Oh well, thanks for the advice, it's a great article. 
@Lainx20 lol I knew Danny wouldn't bully you~ So you had a great weekend and all freshen up? Gotta take care yeah~ Drink more soup! 
@LainyB tonight??? cool!! that would be nice  so cute 
@lairbear6 ur gonna be an awesome mommy 
@Laird_Attwood get it down your neck Matt 
@Laird_Attwood no probs 
@Laird_Attwood Still beautiful, though. I'll be home on weds, fuck the rowing machine, use me 
@Lairosiel  Forgot my eyepatch  How are you?
@Lairosiel Good morning Pirate 
@LaiSan_C I just checked your blog  Nice post. I see Brad already told everything  Glad you had fun there 
@LaiSan_C I posted a comment!  Thanks for your helpful instructions.  
@LaiSan_C Well, hopefully we'll get some good shots when we go there. 
@laisrosito I guess not! he will love me: like you (that love me now) and Danny (love of my life) and Dougster (little and red HAHAHA 
@Laitwen just had that song stuck in my head 
@lajaunie I'm going to go as a ghost and leave as a lobster...just like last time 
@lajohnson73 always nice to hear BNL at the Joe!  Should be hearing Journey soon!  Oh and of course the Four Seasons too! 
@lajohnson73 sorry your having a few sucky days....hope the black cloud moves away soon!  Positive thoughts for a brighter tomorrow! 
@lajoli_ why limit your story to 140 chr. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@lajuliebird cool - that was the idea! 
@LaKarune thanks lady! I hope to see you tonight! If not, let's plan on getting drinks soon. 
@lakeeffectskid I have no idea @jOANNAxeLAiNe hopefully 
@lakeerieartists Good night...giggling here too 
@lakeffectkid haha really? its now my bg on myspace xDD i love it 
@Lakeithea cool blog ... 
@Lakeithea LOL u is silly! haha but um iono bout that NC but i will def b back in cali soon as i can!! 
@Lakeithea THANK U    HOW R U DOING ?
@LakerGirl1 Sounds like your son's had a lot of fun! (&amp; u 2  ) I can use the link from Fish's pic, right? (There. Fixed it.)
@Lakers not tonight IMHO. He sounded like he's already counted out his team!  P.S. Thanx for answering 
@lakersnation a celtics-lakers rematch sounds better don't you think? lol 
@lakersnation follow me 
@lakersnation good job L.A.!!! 
@lakersnation I feel you! but look at the brightside well have home court on thursday 
@lakersnation Kobe Bryant- KB8 beanie baby? Say wha?? Copped it at a neighbor's garage sale years ago    http://twitpic.com/67b6i
@lakersnation Meeeee  Follow me!
@lakersnation we so got this game tonight!!! im excited !!  Let's Go @Lakers Let's Go! 
@lakersnation yup its workin 
@lakervic woo me too! 
@laketrees Thanks very much Kim! I will send you those items  Have a super day!
@lakezter short but good 
@lakezter u r the most active twitter i have ever seeeen &gt;&gt;&gt; 
@LaKiKix gr fuckin ppl I swear..yay I'm leaving at 5 
@LAKristin awwwwww i heart you 
@LakshmiA Gr8, did you comment? You should 
@LAL_rk_JB YAYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!! good job ladyyy! 
@lala_is_back Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@lala_laurenlol..soz loz, i like your tweets..you just popped up 1 day and began to follow you.. please dont hate 
@Lala_the_diver Let me know if that movie is good.  I'm sure Carmen would really enjoy that one 
@lala0000 I ALWAYS have fun 
@lala003 yup  i'm going to pink concert
@lala36079 aw! No tears! Keep moving forward 
@Lala528 Have fun with that.  Mine's nice and simple.   But then, so is my schedule. LOL
@LALAitsMARiA As in gloves lol... To pick up the birdies 
@LALAitsMARiA oh good  I hope you make it
@LalaJackson Lol yes, a shuffling handshake with a stranger would be pretty awkward. 
@lalakerschamps its PO Box 60761 oklahoma city, oklahoma 73146  thank you!!!
@lalala_ashley Sweet! Good luck man!! 
@lalalaitseda it's cool :] @kevinbryantlou noo i'm jk  you don't need to haha!
@lalalalexi probably.  and the week naman daw after FB ends, we go to someone's house and play GH. 
@lalalalexi that is so cool that you saw javi!!! wahahahahahahaha!!! 
@lalalalexi TRY PLEASE TRY PLEASE TRY PLEASE. 
@lalalalexi yeah, jus was really confused cuz of miss rhea din. i'll download it then. 
@lalalalinder Thanks for retweeting. 
@lalalaLOURDES Ooooh, ok! That sounds good! I might try it.. 
@lalalarachel395 hey i miss ya 2!! is it ok if i have you on my pic 2?? 
@lalalawikit :O DID I JUST HEAR WHAT I THINK U SAID ABOUT UR HAIR!?!? :O 
@LALALEAHHH thanks you're a trooper 
@lalaliiindsey wealllyy !? not my problem 
k, peeps! Heading out the door... going somewhere w/ my g'rma &amp; cousin (?). Tweet ya later! 
k.. gotta get back to work, now it's SQUIDOO update time 
K..I am really out this time! lol Peace my Twitches! 
k..time to go buy some fuk off speakers  l8r
K12 Update. 3rd: Kreative Movement 2nd: iDK 1st: TM Jrs. Love you riot&lt;3 
kaaaay, NOW i'm going to beeeed. goodnight  peace out, girl/boy scouts.
Kabang! What a weekend..seen the finest artists of the moment and the weather is amazing. This rocks baby, preparing myself for the BBQ 
Kabobs rocked tasted amazing burned my finger and probably taught the neighbor kids a new colorful word they will never catch me 
kadens comming down for the summer cant wait for tomorrow 
Kahkahaya haz?r olun.  --&gt; Stavros Flatly - Greek Irish Dancers - Britains Got Talent 2009... http://ff.im/3oVut
Kahlua. you are so gooood with strawberries, sour cream, and brown sugar. oh yessss! 
Kaiden you are the CUTEST thing I've ever seen!!!! Big hugs kiddo 
Kai's tons better today but yesterday, thankfully.  Hes gone back to bed so taking to opportunity to clean and tidy before Hels arrives 
Kaitlins cute and steals my phone and sends half true updates. 
Kaka gue mau dateng  yey gk bosen deh haha
Kaka has not yet joined Real Madrid... (&amp; neither did Ronaldo). The press likes to 'claim' &amp; tweeps love to spread rumours.... 
kaka log in langh..im so bored..plurk?? anjelecx07 ..add 
Kakabalik lang from Tarlac. Good aftie. 
Kaki King is the one.....great guitarist/cool person ( on Spicks &amp; Specks the other night ) Do yourself a favour and get into her music ! 
Kala  we have strange weather, bank holiday Monday coming up and Anna Vissi concert 2moro Opaa! Ola Kala
kalahari was fun... actually this whole break was fun 
Kallie is an awesome trainer. I'm so proud 
kallis on a roll..4 4's in 4 balls..thats a lot of 4's  #wt20
Kane, Dani, Jesse, Pronin and Viceeeeeee... welcome bienvenido Viceeee!!!! no saba que ya eran 5 tbn!!!!  #BSB
KANSAS WEATHER UPDATE!: It's currently 60.1 degrees outside and kinda cloudy 
Kanye West should body with Santa Cluase 
Kappa party in my pants. No other gammas allowed, and also no jarrods 
kara keeps telling me &quot;that boy is mine&quot;?   its ok i don't care.  i'm glad shes at church with me 
Karaoke idea - Kaya's Chocolate! With the para para(?) and everything!  But... the box thing. It scares me. D:
Karaoke-ing at my house with my bestfriens since junior high.. Been missing them soo much  http://myloc.me/2sVP
Karaoke-ing w @marshaputri @syabrinaway @ninissoo @AdizHyunJoong celebrate hi skool graduation day, we're not hi skool teenagers anymoa 
Karaokeing with the cops again. Oh i love my area boys in blue  LMAO.
kareoke with a buncha hotties! 
KARMA  @wearetheoceans: youre kind of really special sometimes @wearetheoceans: LMAO UM @wearetheoceans: i spilled ginger beer everywhere
Karma is awesome. I gave my shoes away today and got a new pair today for dirt cheap 
Karma is my new bestfriend. 
Karma is when canvassers put their finger on the doorbell and keep pressing. Nap interrupted. Must make sure not to vote for them. 
karoline weidemann and i took a trip with my boat today! first time since last summer.  whats up tonight everybody?
karro's not seen her bgfs for about a month, they look so happy together  no pricks or barbs coming my way so I hope I pass the test.
Kartick of @WildlifeSOS featured in &quot;Fauna Friends&quot;, TimeOut Magazine - http://tr.im/nguj Way to go dude! 
karyssa KILLED tonight. she's absolutely AMAZING. and whoever that guy was killed it toooo. soo glad kissa didnt hurt herself 
kas t?ds, kas pavelk.. Box Tops - The Letter http://bit.ly/xEbIm  - iedvesmas no radiopir?tiem!. 
Kasey is drawing me a picture 
kasey's grad party. 
Katamooshi asks: Glucose Syrup, Sweet Rice, Lemon Flavor, FD &amp; C Red No. 40, and Baby Cartilage. What does it create? BOTAN RICE CANDY! 
katapos lang kumain. dami fuds! corned beef, sitaw and chicken yumyum!!!  butete na sa laki ng tiyan si Ange. hahaha xD~
kate is going over her speech, im not listening  its wayy better then mine anyway.
Kate just finished up two revitalizing classes! Her Sunday classes are always popular and laughter can often be heard from her students 
Kate to win Apprentice! 
Katelyn. Rachel Ray is one person lol 
Kateys taking me back to my apt so I can clean up and crash. Then, oh yes, work in the a.m. 
kathleenas sim can juggle reall good but mine can break dance XD 
Kathryn thinks Heather Preshaw is awesome. And she isn't looking over my shoulder as i write this!... 
Kathy Lee Griffith is stunning in person 
KATIE GET TWITTER AND FOLLOW ME 
Katie is soooooo awesome she rawks 
Katies Bridal Party was such a blast!! Sooo good to see everyone!!  xoxoxoxo
Katrina Halili made frontpage of teh papers today. Beat that Ted Failon. 
Katrines 18 b-day party and sleep over there, maybe getting drunk?.. i don't know.. and hoe sunday 
katt's houseee with grace! 
Katy Perry finished the day with 103 downloads 
katy perry's album is brill 
Kay goodnight. 
kay so apparently The Latency is coming back to Ottawa to performin at the Super Ex? if this is true then...f*ck yeah! i'm happy    
kay tmrwz my official start of my diet!  gotta get it right for summr x)
Kay, gotta go... See you guys uhm... later tonight. Dunno when... Kbai 
Kay, so you can now call me Clara..Or Effy ^-^ (one of my middle name's Elizabeth and Effy is short for Elizabeth)...So yea 
Kayaked all day today! Love floating  I'm burnt/tanned up
KayCeeStroh from High School Musical just tweeted me!!! Coolness~~~ 
Kayla is sav at Apple to Apples  HI @Ashleyjew!
kchan1028  hahaha KC, it's ok.  The outcome was pretty much guaranteed the moment you told me your plans.  Enjoy, Pho #1 buddy!  
KC's house was fuuuun. 
K-dawg had a double, a single, and then a triple to win the game!  What-what 
KDD 09 goes hi-tech with its conference scheduling - nice!   http://kdd09.crowdvine.com/calendar
ke oyot godong wif my bf 
keane's &quot;somewhere only we know&quot; has offically replaced 80s anthem &quot;melt with you&quot; as most romantic song in the history of the universe 
keeeep breathing.....in....out.....in.....out.....'k.now turn it on gently+wouldn't hurt2pray  
Keelhaul that filthy land lubber with a yo ho ho and a bottle of rum!! New Alestorm album &quot;Black Sails At Midnight&quot; is most excellent 
keelys party on fridayy gunna be live !! gunna get masheddd !! glad im sleepin round hers 
Keep @'ing me. I'll still get them (somehow). It's been way fun following your daily stories. I'll drop in when I can!  #finaltweet
Keep at it Mr President! http://tinyurl.com/obamaAMA This is why we put u there   #health #AMA #obama #news
Keep explaining two things lately: Twitter and Twilight. Twitter is a Social Time Clock and Twilight is a popular book+movie,there you go 
Keep getting really good feedback for my work at my new job  very nice after my confidence took a battering at my last place.
Keep it CUTE or put it on MUTE lol.. good night to all 
Keep It Real. 
Keep it up 
Keep it up  u can doooo it
keep losing my pencil. and keeping finding it  life is greater than pencil
keep moving forward 
keep on following me 
Keep on voting for @mikeyway on http://bit.ly/h5X33 okay. Or I KILL YOU like what Achmed always say. 
keep playing mindless games on FB so off to bed now.  Catch up tomorrow 
Keep telling myself The Saturdays tour kicks off tomorrow, doesn't seem real! Also can't believe I really am taking a plane to be there 
Keep that good mood going Lizo! 
Keep Twitter sane .... #unfollowanyonewhoisfollowingoprahcampaign2009  
Keep ur foot on the devil's neck by standing on the Word of God, &amp; U'll C tremendous results! - Jesse Duplantis  Just keep him down! 
Keep your comments to yourself! 
keepin my eye to the keyhole  
Keepin the mean tweets of twitter clean 
Keeping busy with the summer life, making time for you 
keeping conversations simple with matt is best i think...just discuss our days, not what's going on between us. it's nice to talk to him 
keeping herself busy till &quot;the day&quot; 
Keeping my eye open for any opportunity around  . You do not need to look else where, opportunity is all around you, just open your eyes
keeping my fingers crossed for tonight's CLP... rain rain go away.. come again another day... 
Keeping my little fingers crosssed   ... hopefully this is my last week!!!!
Keeping up with the kardashians 
Keeping up with the Kardashians finale tonight! I'm excited 
Keeping up with the kardashians marathon  
keeping up with the kardashians, FUZE  and painting my nails a pretty melon color!
Keeps forgetting he has 41 people following him, better do some interesting tweets 
keeps listening to the florence and the machine rabbit heart song.. and it keeps getting better 
keeps on making money online  http://www.MaverickMoneyWonders.com
keeps playing 'you are my heart' over and over...its love 
keeps realizing that school is almost over and i'll be able to read my books soon!  http://plurk.com/p/t95of
keeps watching the harry potter spoof over and over again, even though it's an old clip. xD 45 more days, beeches! 
Keg loves to take naps  I guess he is still a baby!!  http://twitpic.com/5c9we
Keith is on the late-frieght, searching for the Dustin Lance Black pics. She's probably also searching for John Wayne Bobbit pics! 
Keith Olbermann is my porn, he's so funny &amp; always right on, I love him, he's my crush 
Keith Urban and Taylor Swift concert 
keith urban concert friday!!! 
Keith Urban has officially taken over my radio. The ACC just started...with him co-hosting. 
Kellan and catherine sitting together 
Kellie is it fair 4 us 2 go watch Dance Flick? u will get a steak dinner! What about us? I want dinner 2!  U think Marlon would take us? 
Kellie Pickler was so great on Ellen friday talkin' about &quot;tweeter&quot;! LOL. She is so funny! And I love Ellen 
Kels  with ross and eastttt
Kelsey Is Probably One Of The Sweetest Songs Ever Writtten By Metro Station xD!!! Can't Stop Listening To It :S 
kelseys bday partyy  then melissas brothers' graduation partyy 
Ken Wilber - Realistic Expectation of Integral Wisdom: http://tinyurl.com/clfzdx ...very interesting.  I don't mind the video quality.
Kendra is wayyy better then i thought it was gonna be 
kenny (south park)- kennys real face. he's so cute!!  http://bit.ly/3WOww
Kenny Chesney concert! Round 2. 
Kenny Lattimore is a really friendly guy. 
kensai mu kuyg nako sa council inig monday? HAHA. 
Keong Emas is among &quot;The Seven IMAX Wonders of the World&quot; on Gizmodo. http://bit.ly/16ZCdD We should be proud! 
kermit says, its not easy being green http://snurl.com/j8cp7 
kerry match today and capital summertime ball  cant waitt for both, today should be good!
Kerry WILL beat Cork next saturday 
Kesampean juga makan mi ayam. Have a great weekend guys 
Kettlebells FTW! I feel amazing! Both to-do lists cleared out and upper and lower kettlebells kicked my ass. GETTING BUFF, PEOPLE 
kettles on see you all later, have fun and be good  x
Kev, this is for you  - #jonaskevin
Kevin Bacon too has a linkedin profile, I am one degree away, not 6 
kevin durant tweeted me  #fb
KEVIN IS A GODFATHER! 
Kevin is soooo much more loved than I thought 
Kevin Jonas ROCK! Yay! 
Kevin stop taking 8 years  ( Im saches Echo btw)
Kewl - it is raining outside and our Summer has end 1 week in advance with the Monsoons hitting us  hurray!!
kewl me too  @jbandMiley123
Kewl. It's #FollowFriday and right now I do have *exactly* 11.000 followers. Looking forward to 11.111   thx for all your support!
Key Of Life- Ohmna feat. Nurlaila Beautiful track! 
Keyboard Cathy - &quot;Sashimi&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/dn43jo
Keynote for CodeGeneration2009 with Steven Kelly finished. Just in time for the conference 
Keyshia cole loves bebe too!!! 
KFC + MTV Movie Awards 
kgs_official@mrsstudmuffin aww thank you  U rock too! xo
Khristina Shore had a nice time today  saw 5...urghhhh . http://tinyurl.com/njo5fu
kia ora te (new followers) if i know u, HIT ME UP ... and i'll follow u too ... ez! 
Kiah-&quot;you know i have this pretty elobrate plan to become famous...so we could make that happen&quot; funnayy 
Kick ass the looney is round .91 cents US now. 
kick back//my place//1pm//maybe even earlier//be there 
kick off your shoes and relax your feet 
Kick the bass.  Peace Love Unity Respect.
Kickback fun!!!! Time to get buckwild HaHahaHa man someone said that an i loooooved it 
kickball is awesome 
Kickboxing   finally going to go excercise
Kicked butt in both of my games! I think that's the end of the season..  Yess!
kicked that 10 pager right in the culo! 
kickin' back, staying off the radar 
Kickin' face and jamming to some oldschool music 
kickin it w/ me abygirl 
Kickin it with my genius at the apple store 
Kickin it with the Cap'n. Homework filled weekend. Nick's B-Day dinner at Melting-Pot tomorrow  http://twitpic.com/67bph
Kickin it with Will today 
Kicking b#tt, taking names &amp; sparing my peeps the deets by turning off my #spymaster notifications. You are welcome 
Kicking back listening to some slow jams, just chilling. You know how it is 
Kicking back... Watching a movie  *P.Y.T.*
kicking it at home. text me 
Kicking it in the studio, with some fries. 
kicking it with @inaequitas and eating noodles  http://bit.ly/Uq09u then Star Trek! Life is Good 
Kicking it with my little J!  He's helping me with some house cleaning. It's fun for him, can't say the same for me. 
Kicking like crazy. 
Kickkinnn it wihh Madisonnn 
Kickstart some 2nd round schedules 
Kid Cudi: Super Boo  &quot;This that New New baby that  New New&quot;
kid just came to the door selling chocolate covered almonds... .. well it's for a good cause.. 
Kiddies settled... enough about my life... Don't worry folks, I'll get back to the fart and cockpunch jokes real soon... 
Kiddo wknd; ahhh- fresh coffee, big band music &amp; making superlight homemade whole wheat, oat, pecan pancakes w/ fresh berry compote!  yum!
Kiddos making a family on Sims 3. One says, &quot;That one looks totally like a Mom is supposed to.&quot; I'm afraid to look 
kidnap my heart, take me with you, kidnap my heart, make my dreams come true 
Kidpower is an organization that teaches kids, teens, adults how to be safe. Go to www.kidpower.org for more info.     
Kids are at my sisters so its date night for me and my sweetie. I know its a Monday but who cares. 
Kids are getting uglier these days... Fuglier is more like it... Good morning, btw!  
Kids are helping Jesse make brownies. So cute. 
Kids are off school for the summer..But still busier than I expected to be. It's all good though. Lots to do get done. 
Kids are on their way down for nap!! My time! Much needed today! Why are Monday's so hard? 
Kids day present shopping. I love polish holidays 
Kids had a blast &quot;camping&quot; today! I, however, am exhausted and have a headache. It's worth it though! 
Kids in glass houses - great for any mood it seems 
Kids let me sleep in a little  YAY! Now gotta shower, get them ready &amp; pack lunches for the park w/ AE today 
Kids slept until 8am today - I actually feel a little rested  Ready to tackle the &quot;Bolt&quot; cake.
Kids still in bed after their late return back from seeing oasisthey got right to the front!!  can't wait to see pics
kidz crossing  oh how i've missed my little buddies.
Kiki made bird squeal like a pig today and she wasn't anywhere near his genitalia... LMB(behind)O 
killed his final exam today!!  Feels like Friday for some reason!  
Killed myself at combat but now sitting in the garden soaking up some rays! 
Killeeeeeeeeers! Second Time in Two days  - PP09
Killing Electronica 
Killing ghosts 1 power pellet at a time 
Killing time....enjoying silence while my kids are still sleeping 
Killong time in m&amp;m store hoedown throwdown is playing 
Kim Hyun Joong )))))))))))) currently having FUN! 
KiM KARDASHiAN + BRiTNEY SPEARSSS!!! = MY TW0 FAVEEEE W0MENN!!!!  *SweetdreamzZz*
-Kim Sang Bum &lt;3 Kim So Eun- SoEulMates!  really love 'em!
Kimbo Slice will be joining Ultimate fighter as cast member, despite the bad blood. I wll watch for that  Should be interesting.
Kind of a lazy sunday, but y'all know I can't go sittin' round doin' totally nothing right? Coffee first 
kind of excited about tomorrow.  good night.
kind of exited that Will Ferrell is co-hosting with Kelly today on Life with Regis and Kelly.  
kind of finished my research assignment 
Kind of hopeful  I is excited.... WOOT!
kind of sad to leave pensacola, but soooo glad @josethames is coming home for two weeks 
kind of surprised i didn't wake up this morning with black ink all over my body ha... thanks i appreciate it 
Kind of tired of poopy puppy patrol....who knew two lil doggies could make so much um...waste. They are super cute though 
Kinda blurry... Me my little cousins and mommy  http://twitpic.com/686lr
kinda bored. but watched the Glee pilot, cant wait for the fall 
Kinda boring weekend, gloomy out side. Maybe a trip to the movies today.  Got a new bathtub put in! Yeah! Now if we just had a sink 
Kinda chilly!  nice n cozy in bed.
Kinda doing nothing. Life is boring. I feel like changing my look. Let's go shopping tomorrow 
kinda done trying. ugh. oh well it was worth the effort.   long day tomorrow. night tweeters! 
kinda enjoying the shitty weather in oki 
Kinda excited. Going to a MLB game tonite w/ DH. DKs are going to a friends house. Adult time?! Could it be? A date? Perhaps.  #flylady
Kinda feeling in a reggae mood.... hope you all enjoy the smoothness on this lovely weekend 
Kinda feeling like puking even tho I didn't drink that much..&amp; back to the lake tomorrow 
kinda figured i like organic chem &amp; my teacher told me about a profession and the schooling to get it  got yearbook. ha dad's reading it
Kinda hungry waiting for lunch 
Kinda in a rush to get to Silverstone but hey-ho! Castle Combe on monday as well now!! 
Kinda lazy to follow mom to Putrajaya tomorrow so I decided to ask mum drop me in Jusco and I'll be there alone and find me at Starbuck. 
Kinda like A little couple on tlc. They are a cute couple 
kinda looking forward to Big Brother tonight 
Kinda missed it here, but Happy Birthday Tetris! 
Kinda need a new laptop. Birthday's coming up so am praying that someone has an old/spare one or a lot of money 
kinda not sure what i'm doing. but ok. gonna go take a shower. be right back 
kinda sad im missing the last week of junior year, hopefully ill be in friday 
Kinda strange but i've been seeing hot girls in packs of 3 maybe God is telling me i need a foursome 
Kinda tired. Watching Kayla Radomski on YouTube until Vince calls. UP! was freaking awesome, no doubt! Busy day tomorrow; goodnight! 
Kinda took a break from twitter yesterday but I'm back! 
kinda want to go see anberlin june 23rd, anyone wanna come with? 
Kinda wish I had some disco in the truck... Yea, I'm in one of *those* moods. 
KING my dog watches TV with me  ha ha ha ha
Kings cup! 
Kings Island all day today! 
KINGS ISLAND IN THE MORNING! 
king's island with AP,madpal, &amp; sterling 
kings of leon playing at work 
Kings of leon toniiiiiiiiittteeee. Aiii  with @meg_land @imogentaylor sach, peter and stefan
Kings of Leon. 
Kinnolon movies! Goin to see knowing. Hope its good 
Kinsey Sicks was amazing! They're absolutely hilarious. Great kick-off for Pride Week. Next up: picnic date with the girl tomorrow! 
is hoping today will be a good day...I'm thinking it will be 
is hung over like a hung.. over. Fukkit. But last night was fun tho! 
is hungry, i might go eat poptarts 
is hungry. watching tv with mommy in her room! 
is hurting inside and outside...UGH SO GAY!...but today should be fun  it's gonna be a loooooong day tho. busy busy.
is hyper !!!! i cant w8 for the mcfly concert 2 moz woopwoop  xx
is hyper!  Stupid caramel tarts...
Is 70 Up From The Casino Gamble Yesturdayy  x
is illage but watching crank 2 
is impatiently waiting for her little sister to get here! 
is impressed that there's so many caltex people moving here. yay haha. 
is impressed with T-Mobile who just improved his already-excellent Flext tariff while discounting him a further 8 a month 
is in a free 
is in a good mood  despite the fact that she seems to have lost her class...
is in a party mood 
Is in a rather busy pub in Sunderland.  x.
Is in a singing mood .... Its good that no-one can hear me 
is in a stupid training for the whole day... is lucky to have a laptop and is tweeting happily 
is in a very creative mood and is working on a couple of graphics while watching a couple of movies,  one of her favorite things to do!
Is in Abergele picking up his new Ducati in the sunshine 
is in airport 
is in alaska. And ready for cold weather. 
Is in atlanta with my peeps.. 
Is in bed about to head off to the land of nod 
Is in bed again 
Is in bed reading shopaholic! &lt;3 anniversary picnic later with the boy 
Is in bed watching Better Off Ted 
is in bed,, on the emails  so tired,, I want my late night msn conversations with sarah already (
Is in bed. Amazingly early 
is in bio; can't wait for lunch  hopefully rachel will still have a face :'(
is in Cape Cod 
is in CARACASSSSS!!!! getting crunk already 
is in chemistry and has found her text book  thanks witworth haa, science crew haha
Is in chicago 
Is in China! 
Is in classsss. Taking notes 
Is in communications with jocelyn amy and shustine  listening to quel surprise ariane moffart 
is in dallas. lovin her little sisters. 
Is in fact Wonder Woman.. 
Is in flavor country 
is in Florence!! W00t! 
is in form, listening to dear juliet 
is in heaven at the hollister store in west quay 
is in her favour-ite state 
is in her hometown 
Is in her last singers class 
is in his room. and he doesn't know what to do. he also customized his computer's visualness. IT'S FREAKING AWESOME! 
Is in his way to a MindManager Session 
Is In Ict Next To The Legend Kayyytee Gara  Last Day &amp; Cant Wait For Holiday 
is in itallian with abii &amp; dean 
is in jakarta in thunder and rain, tomorrow I hit sunndy Bali 
is in katipunan!!!  waaahhh! our home is wifi-less (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/114c69
is in KL! cant wait to see khairy &amp; caer tomorrow! miss them so much! wheeeeeeee~ 
is in LA. Awake at 3am &amp; catching up on what's been going on in the world 
is in love with ...... &lt;3 
is in love with AJ Rafael 
is in love with Europe!!!Never wanna leave 
Is in love with hair extensions. 
is in love with her job. 
is in LOVE with her new sandles 
is in love with jason mraz. 
is in love with my FIANCE 
is in love with Nadal 
is in love with rosie  &lt;3 hearts farts and smooches
Is in love with the cope that pulled him over this morning 
is in love...with an Alkaline Trio song called 'I Found Away'. 
is in Media with Jess  xxxx
is in Meycauayan..will be giving a talk in a few minutes  http://plurk.com/p/uajoc
is in mine 
is in myrtle beach!! 
is in Nashville with the asian! Hello weekend! 
is in NC!!!!! yay!!!   _K-a_R_e-N_ [Michelle]
is in need for a change 
IS IN NEED OF A POWER NAP 
Is in New York City!!! 
is in no mood to work today 
is in no rush to carpe diem. how 'bout i seize the afternoon? or sometime around 6, just before dinner? i mean who needs a whole day! 
is in Ochi baby! Giving Mama a treat - spa day &amp; italian lunch...yum!  I love my Mama!
Is in one fuckin' amazing mood today! Life is truly grand when you feel this good! Can't complain! Feels good to be alive 
Kira's wedding was beautiful!  So much funnn 
Kiren: watching a video tutorial  http://bit.ly/19Qbpc
Kirsten won! YAY TWILIGHT  twilight CLEANS HOUSE
kiss me thru the phone i'll see you later on 
Kiss my Yaris... and Up your Prius... 
Kisses, kisses, plz to be sending good thoughts my way. Good things may happen today! 
kissing on the floor = cute 
Kite flying high in the sky for everyone to see ? Or kite-runner controlling the strings ? #kiterunner 
Kitesurf World Cup 2009 - Kitesurfers, Kiters, Kiteboarders be aware! 16th - 21th June in Sylt, Germany  http://www.spotspy.net
kitkat cereals for breakfast 
KiTtEn  cute! (West Linn): Black female Cute 5 week old kitten verry loving loves to cuddle free to good home We are willing to deliver..
Kittyspam! Adorable feline photos or horrible images of another kind of &quot;cat chow?&quot; Follow the link to find out!  http://twitpic.com/4ylmh
kk im out u guys 
KLM is now following me on twitter  Should I mention that it have been 4 nice flights this weekend and that they have some cute stewardes?
klutzy groceries 
Kmart where good times start 
Knackered, just got in from a friends birthday party and it's 03.36 am here in Eire.  Hi All tweeters.  
@LaLaLives Getting dressed &amp; putting shoes on in case of aftershock. Life in cali.  #earthquake
@lalalush123 It was a roll of toilet paper. haha 
@lalaMedS oh yaaaa get welll soon then 
@lalamelody thanks so much for the compliment on my blog! You made my morning 
@Lalapoo I hire all my team members in the US  to support the US economy as I have a US corporation love canada though (I'm from there 
@LaLaSeDoNio sure her link is @JustAliceCullen 
@LalaVador: Yucky! everything in roseville makes u feel spoiled can come stay w us when home sick 
@lalavazquez cute pic! Yall look so happy to see each other 
@lalavazquez exactly and besides if it dont work you can just weave it up no biggy! 
@lalavazquez hangover is sooooo funny!!! such a good movie 
@lalavazquez hey la do u have a myspace??? 
@lalavazquez hey LaLa tell Mel good game sorry for the lose and Happy 25th Birthday.... B-More Representing For Melo.....Its Your B-Day 
@lalavazquez hit me up when you get this. Is been a minute.  El Bori
@lalavazquez http://twitpic.com/5cdix - awwww wassup Melo...The movie is great. Have a good time 
@lalavazquez http://twitpic.com/6syto - GOD! SOLANGE I NEVER KNEW U WERE DAT FINE. AND U A FREAK 2  I B PEEPIN YO TWEETS. Holla if u r ...
@lalavazquez i'm heading there on Wednesday  hope he decides to go so you get gamble! LOL
@lalavazquez New Hairstyle is cute! Awww  Come to my Salon lala! lol!
@lalavazquez sweet story lala. U should be proud u have such a good man by ur side......even tho I'm a laker fan  great story
@lalavazquez twitpic please!! share the laughter with ur fam!! 
@lalavazquez U know we'll b waiting on those updates then. LOL 
@lalavazquez vegas. So it seems u got ur way. Lol if play 1 hand of 21 for me and hit on 17 trust me  u will get the 4 n dealer will bust
its such a nice day  only just getting dark!
Its such a nice day out  Sunny and LOVING it! xxx
Its such a nice day out. I think im gonna go out for a jog. Gotta practice for cross country this summer 
It's such a nice day today. Perfect for a relaxing massage! www.massagebyshez.com 
It's such a nice day, why waste it on school? I'd rather spend it in the garden 
It's such a pretty day, but I'm inside...but inside with REAL food, so that's lovely. 
Its such fun to have crazy a girlfriend of just guy friend you have freak out and start crap when you've never even slept with the guy 
its sucha nice day 
its summer 09! everyone doin that shit. haha fun day 
it's summer baby!! 
its summer here in manila! nice beaches.. i love it! 
Knight all hopefully there will be some good tweets in the morning  and we will hear from the guys that they got back safley 
Knight knight girls 
knitting  and i've decided that i will make a blanket. and maybe a jacket 
knitting and anastatia. by myself. this is why im single. 
Knitting Factory Tribute to Rush presented by School of Rock Hollywood and yes Chan Dara on Bass Guitara  1pm today!
Knitting Factory... We come here so much the parking lot attendant is going to let us park for free next time 
knitting!...actually making flowers for a headband  i love knitting.....hahaha
Knitting's not so terribly tricky. Well, to me. The other half can't seem to get the hang of it.... poor guy. 
KNOCK OUT. 
Knock you down (twice in 20min!). Whenever this song comes on the sun comes out 
Knock You Down Keri Hilson Feat. Ne-Yo &amp; Kanye West &lt;3 my favorite, if you have'nt hear it yet, go on itunes and hear it 
knockin out for the night 
knott's today!! whoo 
Know how great it feels when you have done something right? Awesome Possum!  There are so many reasons to thank God for. Love Him.
Know people on Twitter who wanna hear what's going on?! Get them following us for the latest! 
Know someone who needs a makeover? Go to myfoxla.com...click on GDLA tab to nominate someone. I'd love to come a knockin w/ Jose Eber! 
is in Oslo!! (last city of this journy  i will be back on 21th Apr.)
Is In Pain From AFL. add me on myspace... www.myspace.com/ash_ii_93...you know you want to 
is in Paris and Normandy until Wednesday night! Leave me something fun on facebook for when I get back!  http://twurl.nl/1eu5eg
is in Paris for a couple of days - any suggestions? We'll try anything, once. 
is in Peru till the 17th! 
is in photographyy with steph 
is in PHP website upgrade hell on a Bank Holiday. How's that for planning! 
is in Poland  Baby cuzzie born called Olivia 
is in Ponte 2 meet mummy 4 coffee n catch up! 
is in Prosser havin lunch since I screwed up and the ride is tomorrow...  Oops!  So we're just ridin for fun today 
is in pyjamas with heater on feelin nice n toasty warm 
is in school all day today but hay, going out for a curry tonight! 
is in sheffield  a day of chilling today followed by turning up as the surprise guest at a party tomo! yay!
Is in shock.  Her Banoffee Pie worked.   I'm so surprised at how good it tastes!    Photos and recipe to follow next.  x
Is in South Carolina! 
Is in South London meeting the Sisterhood TV Team. Yes you did read correctly... Giz is south of the river 
Is in spain and its hot hot hot!!! 
is in sports med! 
Is in stirlkbg with the Madre. It's soooo warm 
is in study hall. Then walking with lorie to sociology &lt;3 ily lorie!!! 
is in subway 
Is in Sydney!! Beautyful day for sightseeing 
is in tech with georgia and maisie  x 13 days till birthday! will be good  Turkey 5 weeks &lt;3
is in the apple store in glasgow  gonna be pretty pissy with whoever I see since  they wont fix bottom piece.
Is in the apple store in the city  love it!
is in the car on the way back to tenn. ill be back soon tho 
Is in the caravan. Waiting for the shitty rain to go so i can go home and see abbie  x x
Is in the Cinema finally 
Is in the class! But he's very sleepy! I'm afraid i'll fall aspleep!Some1 take me a RedBull! 
It's summer when you find out the car is super hot 
It's summer!  
its summer! holly shizzz!  ima have a parteeey for my birthday! woot!  June 22 mark it on your lists people haha
it's summer!!!...and I'm sick? NOT OKAY. On a lighter note, my wifey is finally coming home 
It's summertime! We've changed our store hours for the summer...so be sure to check them out before planning your next visit 
Its Sunday  im goin to put a sexy sundress on &amp;cute heels &amp;breeze through this day.Guess what? Is it wrong i have nothing underneath lol
It's Sunday morning &amp; I've been awake since 5-30. It's been lovely to lay in bed &amp; look at fab view from window whilst listening to sea 
its Sunday morning and I am sat here doing some work, how sad is that? Think I'll go out and cut the grass instead 
it's sunday so i need to sleep 
It's Sunday! Goodnight, lovely persons! I'll miss youzz- hasta tomorrow 
It's SUNDAY...ya know what that means...DRUGS AND JESUS 
its sunny 2day  yeh !!!
Its sunny again ... finally 
Its sunny again woooo  day out again hmmmm ?.
Know what? It's #PhotoFriday! Ben Folds performs @ Summerfest - Normal (http://tr.im/mP7q) Slideshow (http://tr.im/mP8f) Comments welcome 
Knowing an historian has advantages tho. I got to meet Milton Crenchaw. Blurry pic but treasured.  http://yfrog.com/5kqtaj
knowing my memes 
knowing my shepherd rescue sticker is doing good when people ask about it in the turn lane for the freeway... 
Knowing that im not going to school tomorrow makes this night all the more sweeter 
knows anybody a good blog about celebs and their days on twitter,a kind of twitter-celbs-diary . i mean a kind of summary pleas tweet me 
Knows federer is going to win 
Knows how to knit now! Thanks Shonda! 
knows its a lil outdated.. but she's reading TWILIGHT! and she LOVES IT ALOT 
Knows jp will want this song later 
knows she is being vague -it's needed. today is a potentially positive life changing day. send positive vibes. for more info email me 
knows that there are no accidents... 
knows there is no rest for the wicked lol because I'm in work when the weather is soooo lush 
Kobe and my Lakers going for game 2! 
kobe bryant for MVB! Wooh! Lesson learned: always go for da gold people 
Kobe Bryant woo. the turkish guy loves you  lakers won yey
Kobe is a good actor! 
Kobe is hungry...Can someone call Lebron and tell him to bring Kobe his championship cookies? 
is in the crowd at Cherry Blossom Festival in Japtown. Oh food everywhere!!! 
Is in the garden in shorts with the rabbit 
Is in the garden with her laptop in the sun 
is in the lab after an activity filled saturday! 
is in the library with ali &amp;&amp; amy 
is in the new house and it is sooo freakin lovely! 
is in the outer space... 
is in the room w/ these two sleepy hoes! lmao! But oh well, i'm getting drunk and ready to go out to the club!!  yay me! =-P
is in the score box at cricket and would like to know what's going on but really doesn't 
is in the studio editing last 2 shoots. Then it's pack my bags for a flight to Singapore in the morning. I *heart* moving around.  #fb
Is in the sun at WEMBELEY 
is in Uganda til the 16th  don't text my phone please!!!
Is in washington dc. 
is in Widnes. And gets to do her dissertation on Terry Pratchett 
is in yonkers with katherine.  National weed day, gonna be chilling with robbie, drew and belle i guess?  
is incredibly happy that a bunch of his work has got merits, and should get onto the level 3 course easily now. 
is incredibly happy... 
is indoors on  lovely, rainy, autumn day in Cape Town 
is infatuated with someone she never met... yet ; ). I will meet you B. O. and we'll fall madly in love and have lots of babies 
its sunny again!!!!!! good vibes  xx
It's sunny in Seattle!  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
It's sunny outside. I have to stay in and do assignments and study. Boo. This Friday it will be all over 
It's sunny so i'm off out see you guys later on ze twitter 
It's sunny this morning. 
it's sunny today!!  The weather is so messed up!
its sunny,hot and the bbq is all ready to be fired up 
it's sunshine outside and it's hot 
it's supahh fckn lame how cigs don't do shit to you. :/  lets go raving anyone?! is there one tonight? lmfao
It's superhot here. Studying for the geography exam tomorrow. Going quite successfully  Except it's really warm no matter where you are.
it's superman! 
It's supposed to be nice on my birthdayyy  yayyy
It's supposed to stay in the low 70s out here today... Have I mentioned that Seattle's climate is the BEST EVER?  Because it so is 
It's sweeter, and deeper, than a pinot grigio.  The name is appropriate...it's like a white wine's version of cab sav.    Mmm.  tasty!
its tad chilly today. meeting mum at the coffee club for lunch  opening day yay
It's take times for us to cure our sickness 
Its taken me a while to get into it, but I'm really enjoying the new Fightstar album now. Cheeky drumming! 
Kobe...just keep doing what you're doing and it will all belong to you!! 
KOL on MTV movie awards....saaaaweeet 
Kool! Everything fits comfortably now w/o things poking out  @kidelhi
Korea we're coming 
Kort oppsummert: Traffic, traffic, kaffe, traffic, banan, traffic og hjem. Gooood mandag 
Kraftbomb tomorrow!! Come tell me a funny joke and I'll give you something pretty  http://www.bambamcreative.blogspot.com
Kresssssss lingerie party! Good times 
Krill - the most unique discovery of the decade? See yourself, and bet me if I am wrong  http://238753.com/Bigbuck
Kris Allen won the coin toss and Adam Lambert will be singing first next week, Kris Allen 2nd!  WE BELIEVE!  GOOOO Kris Allen!  
kris on the tonight show now! 
Kris rocks BECAUSE he rocks with God! 
Krispy Kreme!!  my baby! yummy yummy  !
KrispyKremeDoughnuts  (p.s. Don't tell jess ... she has a deep hate for donuts)
Kristen held her new little brother today!!! awww his is so cute too 
Kristen looks SO pretty, I can't get over it, I love her makeup like that 
Kristen Stewart is so cute when she wins for Best Female Performance! She drops the Award and awww, she is cute 
Kristen stewart let the award fell down. okay that was soo cute  Twilight won 5 awards. YAY 
kristin just took over my twitter. such a cute baby 
is inlove with the band stereos &lt;3 and stil listen to there song summer girl. 
is interested, it seems like people actually respond to you on twitter unlike facebook 
is introducing her teenage son to &quot;Black Adder&quot; 
is investigating being able to sell overseas through www.funkyjunkjewellery.com ... whoo!  Will keep you updated... 
is inviting the Tremblant triathletes to discover our little sandwich shop on Saturday afternoon.Great place to relax after a great race 
is invoicing customers. Computer is busy. I guess I'll have to abuse my espresso machine then 
Is it a &quot;prank&quot; if they agree to it?   improveverywhere.com/2009/06/02/surprise-wedding-reception/  
is it a full moon? Strangeness all around. 
Is it a win if I made the guy walk away after my turn??  lol
is it bad that I am ready to go to bed before my kids - 
Is it bad to have 3 Twitter Clients on your iPhone if you really use them all?    http://thurly.net//0jv
Is it bad when your mom wakes up to go to work and you haven't gone to sleep yet? 
is it bedtime yet? Lol 
Is it chilly outside?Do I need a sweater?Someone please tell meeee 
krtv: @ajtooley  understood, aj - let the others test the water first!: krtv: @ajtooley  understood, aj - .. http://tinyurl.com/mlzqlx
krtv: @maleesha  Great Falls got a Thai eatery two weeks ago!: krtv: @maleesha  Great Falls got a Thai eat.. http://tinyurl.com/q6d7fp
Krystal and me were rocking out. She was playing the air flute and I was playing the air piano. 
Krystal was right, mitchel musso or whatever his name is can sing really good. And his hair is fluffy 
krystallouise just went for a run. going to wrap some presents too now  also did I mention some friends are so hard to buy for ;) xo
KS is working on a new &quot;single&quot; for KennySavage.com; afterwards I plan on hang gliding into a whales mouth 
ksotd: http://bit.ly/116G8E  &lt;-- gonna see them live on Wednesday! 
Kudai a Pop Rock band from Chile is the last one taking the stage tonight. 
kudos my hero.  [My hero - Paramore] g'evening
Kudos to Abby. I miss you twin  i wanna see you soooooo bad !!!! We should really catch up on more episodes of Ninja Warrior...haha.
kudos to our health minister Mr Khaw Boon Wan for being so active &amp; vocal to rally the nation against H1N1  let's do our best 
kuliah-les toefl-ntn @chibialfa pecha kucha- mkan d gampoeng aceh sm @budi-pulang.. nice day! 
Kung fu panda and ramen noodles with @jszymkiw. 
Kuppa Cooking !!  Gulti food tonight on the house
Kurt, I'm diggin your blips today!  @kbuech: &quot;This is one of my fave tunes, Holly, thx rb@hollycleary . Col... ? http://blip.fm/~7a8dx
kuz we love black women  @CheetahNoir #haveyouever wondered why brothas don't care for BLACK GIRLS- lol. ???
Kv/ak superfans, what did you think of your surprise? 
Kyla just kinda made me really uncomfortable.... I'm glad what she did wasnt any worse than it could have been. I could have freaked out 
KYLE BURNS LOOKALIKE IN THE CATTY!  lmao!
kyle is a cool kid 
Kyle is Cody's wee bro! 
Kyle is here and I am about to get some #SF4 action. First to 100 wins 
Is it Friday? Am I on the computer? It must be #lofnotc 
Is it gonna be a pizza luce night??!!  Its hard to tell, but it kids sounds like a good idea right now. 
is it good? I've been playing Virtua Tennis 3 all evening  It's great! It's not a huge departure from the prev.. http://tinyurl.com/lorrub
Is it Greenday or Green Day?: How are you meant to spell it? I have always wondered which way was correct  http://tinyurl.com/l6c68v
is it june 21st yet? 
Is it just me or does McHale look like he'd rather be somewhere else?  
Is it me or does the pollen count seem high today? My nose is going crazy lol! Oh well.. Off 2dancing 
is it me or is this the best the playoffs have been in years oh yea lebron and melo in the finals
kyle's a cutiee 
Kylie left today and it's so quiet. Definitely had fun this weekend with the kid 
Kylie won her soccer game 8-0 scoring 4 goals! woot woot go Kylie!! now im back at home chillin' and not wanting to do anything today 
Kyra's party is later. Greekin' it up 
l just got laid off need a job..gay and homeless 
l was going to say today is turning out to be a crap day but then l noticed my toothache is getting better. Gotta count your blessings! 
L.A. just had an earthquake!  Twitter it 
L.O.V.E just another word i never learned to pronounce. 
L4D 2 with AXES?  http://bit.ly/eg5Gl  #e3
LA at the end of the month!Hopefully I can get my marketin on &amp; not come back!  LOL.I got the talent all I need is some1 2 believe in me!
La club...again 
la de daaa. two days till girls campp 
LA is the bomb like tick tick! 
la la  grad party for bestie today!! going to finish getting ready then waiting for bro and sis to come home... then off to parttyyy  &lt;3
la la la la la la working... kinda  what ar eyou all up too?
La la la la little bored text me  Don't have number message me 
la la laaa  it's raining :O and i was sposed to be buskin today.. so it looks like i'll be busking in a shop 
It's tea time over here. Anyone interested by one cup?  
It's Teaser Tuesday for me too http://kestrelrising.blogspot.com/ The Purgies are on fire today 
It's teddy chucking time 
It's Tetris' silver jubilee! Google's tribute is cool  http://bit.ly/fGobja
Its Th Little Things Tht He Does Tht Makes Me Smile 
its that time to buy disneyland season passes 
Its that viloria charm at the navy fed bank son!  lol
it's the 3rd month now! (9th week, 8+1). have another appointment at the doc tomorrow morning. can't wait!  need to get ready for work now
it's the 5th day I stay up until the next day. and I'm not tired at all 
its the attention to detail that makes disneyland so amazing..queing for big thunder mountain 
It's the b-day! Only one more year until the age that really counts 
Its the best day everrrrrr 
Its the best time of the year! 
It's the birthday boy!  http://twitpic.com/6r322
Its the climb  Hmmmm Thinking about my dream....Getting ready to be exposed...World Here comes a new artist  &gt;Building confidence&lt;
It's the final count down to bigger hair people   ? http://blip.fm/~5z4uq
It's the first night out with Eric Em and Jeff...bring it  happy Friday everyone!!
It's the first week of summer and the last week of exams! @tmth is it good (the lion ice cream)? Can't wait to see you again now  xxx
It's the freakin weekend I'm about to have me some funnnn 
It's the last day already?? Time to go explore the show floor 
LA Lakers are the NBA 2009 Champions!! Yeah~~!!! 
la roux, undercooked cookie pops and revision 
La Selecta FUCKING WOOOONNNNNNN!!!!   Hope they win this wednesday too! 
LA this weekend &amp;NYC next week  everything is happening &amp;im happy .
LA trafficc man..... Ahhhh!!! Thank god for the oreo ice cream cone I jus had ... Life jus got a little better 
la vida es un sueo roggeeeeeeeeeeeeeRRRRr I loveee youuu and the song is greaaattttt  I see in this moment in the zapping zone
laaaavly day like  went to the beach and everything again. Same tomorrow pl0x? x
laaame night call me lets do something 
laa-laa is in my hands ... sure my son will have a lot of fun with him/her/it  on the way back now
Labour ministers and MP's are quitting faster than I can keep up - best Tory results since 1979 
labtop is FUCKED, had to come home to get my desk top to bring to dublin for the next week or two till i get my new mac book 
Lace always does it for me, bout to rock it tomorrow oreeeee harlemmmmmmmmmm here I cummmm 
Lachen met reacties opt FOKforum...ivm #sterrenmeisje...  http://tinyurl.com/ns753g
lack of sleep is starting to take effect on me..need 12hours kip at least tonight! 
Lacking a car today, hanging out with Ivy  ChiGothLoli Lilacia Picnic yesterday---so much fun!
LACMA with the boys was the most fun I've had in ages! Oh, and I love mi novio 
Is it Monday? Well at least it stopped monsooning 
is it possible to actually be in love with an inanimate object because i think i'm in love with my brand new G1 phone 
Is it really true that if you dream about someone they went to sleep thinking about you?...I Really Hope So 
is it sad how happy the sight of millions of books makes me? maybe so, but i was in total heaven this morning 
Is it sad that I only have one fan(except myself)Help me stop looking like a loser!   http://bit.ly/W6R2A
is it SRSLY friggin raining!? Let's GO ANGELS &amp;&amp; @LAKERS!  RAIN on their parade!
Is it still coming? or is big MrAppletalkSir too busy with real life now  @atauiscoming
Is it too soon to upload another video? Hmm, I have one made I guess not because the other one wasn't makeup related 
Is it tooo late to celebrate donut day?? Please someone let me know.. Ha! 
is it weird I'm like in love with megan fox? ha not at all. MTV movie awards 
Is it weird that i mentiond the Jonas Brothers in my speech?   [Much.Love.Much.Duh]
Is it weird that I REALLY want a BK star trek glass cup with chris pine cuz it's the closest I'll get to putting my lips on him? 
Is it weird that I still get giddy when new followers follow people like Scott Johnson, Felicia Day, and me...that's just too cool 
Is it weird that right now I'm wearing 3D glasses that I got from the movies months ago? 
Is it wrong for me to hope that the LSU Press goes down? Probably, but I have my own selfish reasons 
is it wrong of me to be pleased that husband goes away for a week on tuesday?  I like my alone time...
ladeeda first sober friday in a while...first sober day period in a while 
ladida. boring day. :| hope niki and bert come here tomorrow 
ladida. reading new @BrianMcnugget article. honeymoon for 5 months?! rofl  but have albums and tours first  sounds awesome 
ladies &amp; gentlemen: i am going to bed now. dreaming of @joeymcintyre performing 5 brothers &amp; a million sisters 
Ladies and Gentlemen @sweet_charlotte and I have arrived   ? http://blip.fm/~60p98
Ladies and gentlemen, LeBron...   http://bit.ly/dTr3K
Ladies and Gentlemen, www.bing.com is live.   (rollouts will continue however to partners and other mkts, more to come) ^betsy (via @bing)
Ladies call the personal Number while you can exlusive tieme  http://www.saynow.com/luigi_officialpg
Ladies Ladies Ladies Goodnight Kisses Muah Muah!!!  ;-)
LADIES lemme tell ya real talk, Dont be yo man's mommy, keep your pants up, till that rings on yo finger, even then wait!  REAL TALK
Ladies night! with Handsome Lil Carter! 
LADIES NIGHT!!!! Diner, ice cream and movies!!! And of course...GuuuRL TalK!! 
Ladies Opinions Needed !!!: Morning Ladies,   I hope you are all fully awake this morning, as you'll need to be to solve http://is.gd/KwcS
Ladies room topic for tomorrow &quot;can a lady become a stripper and still keep her dignity&quot;  @JamnMelissa
Ladies, enjoy    Taylor Swift - Picture to Burn [ Official Music Video ] http://bit.ly/v3CVH
Ladies: @Llen is in the market for a chickadee! He's a totally *modern* dude 
Lads are all still in the bunch. Weather is horrendous. I'm thanking my lucky stars I'm in the car 
lady gaga  is now 1 people  
lady gaga looks like lambchop   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
Lady Gaga on jonathan ross last night was funny.. she scared me at some points..  ?
Lady Gaga still has the #1 spot  hooray 4 pop music!!!!
lady gaga's performance of lovegame on DWTS was just freakin awesome!! i very totally love it!!! 
Lady Marmalade  &amp; hilarious texts from emma, perfect combination 
lady sovereign is a mad chiicka 
Ladyhawke on cd, ironing. Sunday morning, seems good to me 
ladyhawkes album really is quite something 
ladyofleisure: @stylesavvygirl Not surprised! Well, if you step out ala Kiyonna style, I want the pics please. 
Ladytron (&amp;The Faint) tonight! 
lagging...i was s'posed to be asleep 2 hrs ago, but had to update the journal about my day. days worth journaling are the best! g'night! 
lagi nonton videonya @chibialfa pas di #pechakucha  LOL-ing at the slide XD
LAHLAHLAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AMATHS AGAIN 
Laid under a tree in the cool shade, with megan and leah 
Laid up in the Bed while he cook me Dinner I can get use to this 
Lake on Wednesday hopefully. Got my fast internet working. 
Lake time!! Im sooooo excited! Yay 
lake walks uptown with @jacquelyn_rae on this sunny monday 
Lake Whitney.. I thinks its near Waco!!  we've been going since like one!! =(
Lake with lauren!!  *amj*
lakehouse till Mondayyy! 
Laker game in an hr &amp; a half. 
LAKERR GAMMEEE!  yay! I painted my face purple and yellow for Pau Gasol &lt;3
Lakers : we goin to the ship ! what what ! we do it big in cali baby 
Lakers 2009 NBA Champs! 
LAKERS ALL THE WAY!!!! 
lakers are going to the finals &amp; i hope its vs lebron &amp; the cavs that would be the ultimate NBA FINALS  
Lakers are gonna put the smack down once again on Orlando. Can't wait to see that happen. Gotta get me a new tv just to watch the game. 
Lakers are on their way to the finals yet again 
Lakers are the champs. It's good to see them back at the top 
Lakers arer leading the Nuggetts. We have to win tonight. No game 7 needed!  http://myloc.me/22R7
Lakers did their thing again, 2 down, 2 to go 
lakers game @ Qs in brentwood, i love sundays 
lakers go to nba finals 
LAKERS GOING TO THE SHIIIPPPP!!  
lakers just kicked the nuggets ass!!! fuck yeah!!! 
lakers NBA champions 2009 
Lakers pick up another win against Orlando 101-96. Lakers lead series 2-0 
lakers take the W. hell yeaaa!  who's next!?
Lakers tomorrow Baby. 
Lakers vs Magic game 1 on Thursday at 9pm EST 
Lakers win! Bring on Denver! 
Lakers won last night, drinks with the girls, headache today but relaxed and happy all the same 
it's the last day of middle school!  ily lala.
it's the last day of school. 
its the little things that I'll always cherish about you.... 
It's the little things that make me happy 
it's the long weekend - the May 2-4! Wish the weather was better 
It's the Lord's day!!! Time to go to church  I love it!
It's the meal between dinner and breakfast...fourth meal! Oh Zach 
It's the message in the song that make u rock so much. 
It's the morning of my very first day. 
It's the most beautiful day of the year. Happy birthday to me. 
It's the nicest bird I ever saaaw!! 
it's the SHOW's birthday, just so you know.  Couldn't have done it without all you listeners and all you fine musicians! So thank you all!
Its the Summer Releases. Phone, Movies, Festivals, Concerts. Lots of things in the summer @chiewata @shuntlai @munyew90 
It's the vloglovers theme song!   http://blip.fm/~8ay5m
'its the way you do the things you do, that make me fall in love with youu' 
it's thursday! holy crap that means tomorrow is friday sweet, haha i'm in such a good mood today and it's also so gorgeous outside 
It's time for @jamiew and @ireneface's wedding in Bklyn, officiated by @kenyatta!!!Keepin' it in the family   Can't wait to meet theirs.
Its time for a good dinner after 2 hours of housework! 
Its time for me to Fly the Twitter Nest! Hope I find something nice to nibble on when I am away! ha ha Catch you all later  x
Is it wrong to feel stranded at work because there is no internet and barely any cell reception? LOL 
Is it wrong to masturbate while he drives? 
Is it? Well same thing haha I wanna go tho  should be fuuuuuuun and then weekend in vegas
is its mothers day! 
is jamming to Jason Aldean!! Miley Cyrus is NOT country. AT ALL. hanging with Audrey and going swimming later. 
is jealous of people who are sleeping and not returning my email. 
is job searching  let me know if anyones hears of anything! thanks 
Is just about to head out for a nice relaxing long run. Then freshen up before I head to a friends for  dinner. See my Boy tomorrow 
is just about to set off to TeeSide to see her family for a few days. Then it's the college awards party yay  talk to you all soon bye bye
is just about to start the recording: tune in now!  (Broadcasting live at http://ustre.am/2Pzn)
is just blah 
Lakers won! Yeah baby! 
LAKERS WON!!!! That means my dad is taking me shopping! 
LAKERS YOU DESERVE TP CELEBRATE ALL YEAR   
LAKERS!!!! Kilroys with my beezys! Love summer 
LaKeRs!!!!!!  going for the win...
lakers, pasta and strawberries. finals at 7:30. I'm ready 
Lakers-Denver music video, so cool!  http://bit.ly/PhVbf
Lakersss Won  2-0 Babyyy
Lakerssss! lol i told you all they'd win! 
Laksa House-ed. Pete is on his way back from sibu!  yayyyyy
lala back!!!! my mom quizzed me on all the stuff didnt miss anything boyy-ya baby 
lala it is verry cold 
Lala rockin' in my car 
lala thank god it's Friday 
lalala blue screen of death I cannot SEE you! gremlins have got me... I might be away for a little while dont miss me too much 
lalala heaaii selena,billy ray,coldplay,miley,demi,taylor  and all the others please follow/add me  
lalala. i think im going to draw tonight. 
Lalalala ahlalala hv u evr heard this song?! Itz so cool song!! I like it!! I feel so untouched... 
lalalala. with Cam later  I still feel crappy |:
Lalalalal  SWEEEET . another weeek ! *woooot*
LaLaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!! 
Lalaland  Perfectly!
Lamb chops! Done! Bring it on!!    http://twitpic.com/4h7rh
Lamb Chowmein for dinner tonight.... hhhmmm with slightly roasted buttered dinner rolls! YUM YUM YUM... so hungry 
Lamb korma @juboraj lakeside = fabulous. Glad I went to gym this morning 
Lamb stew and mashed patato, lasagna, green salad balsamic dressing, and orange rum vanilla crepe, cafe latte. We are ready to go play 
It's time for me to turn in, twitter world  Good night, moonlight &lt;3
It's time for Sndagsparty  Let's go, Fun is on the way..
Its time for some lunch session  I know its late out hea but I cant help it :-s lol
its time for some tennis with rachel! along the way i shall make will a facebook. i love free facebook on 3 
it's time for, photoshop ! 
It's time to brush your teeth dustin boy, so far he has never gotten a cavity 
Its time to eat. Have not eaten all day. It has now become a habit I guess... 
Its time to get LOST! 
it's time to go to gym 
Its time to go to sleep...passing out at the keyboard haha 
It's time to have an Ignite tweet 
It's time to leave. Have a great evening All! 
It's time to own this week and then time for Memorial weekend! 
Its time to put the feet up and catch up on Smallville.....yes....its turned into one of those Sundays 
it's time to rise and shine 
it's time to sleep, good night 
It's time to sleep, need to rest, need to close my eyes and get into the real world.. cuz this one is just a dream 
It's time to sleep. Good night 
It's time to try to enjoy my weekend  ttyl! ^^
its time to wake up and start the day...im looking foward to hearing from Jason 
it's time to work so can buy nice things in july 
Its times like these we learn to live again. 
Its to dam early to be up...wheres my cup of coffee 
is just chilling, drinking a Diet Cherry Limeade, and reading everyones tweets about camp. Our youth camp's not til July!! I'm so jealous 
is just fucking great 
Is just getting of the train in Rochester ... Nice wk end planned  x
is just getting out of the tub so fresh and so clean 
is just goofing around.... 
is just lovin dis summer weather 
is just on the pondering stage which feels more relaxin.... 
is just relaxing at home. the wife and boy are taking a nap. what else to do but twitter 
is just taking life as it comes 
is just watching the Galaxy 2 trailer for the umpteenth time. Reeeeeallly want to play the original again now. 
is just working on the Kids Zone at the Chatham Ribfest coming up July 3-5th!! Come on out &amp; see me there 
is keeping Nate &amp; Evan. (: I knew they would miss me 
is kickin it right today.  
is kicking around.  Working on some new site content.. 
is kicking my sister's ass in mario kart  yay for bonding http://plurk.com/p/xa8zk
is kind of tired but happy today.  http://plurk.com/p/x88eb
Is kinda head over heels for a certain someone!!  
is kinda sad that I am officially no longer a GA resident! But guess what?! Da 757 ain't ready! 
Lame, i know... but we now have a facebook group. Fans of This October Sky, show some support  tell your friends about us.
Lamest Tweet Possible: Friday Edition:  My toenails are cute and I'm thankful to have all 10.  That was not always the case 
Lancashire in 2010 
Lance, Evan, and Dani crack me up. Half-way skinny dipping, ftw. tonight was awesome. 
Land of the Giants and late night pizza. 
Land of the lost 
Land of the lost at town square with family!!!! So excited  peace twats
Land of the Lost was actually a great movie! Very funny, and very Will Ferrell!  And yes, Matt Lauer is in it!!
Land of the Lost was so frekin Hilarious, worth watching again 
Land of the Lost. 
landed  weeee're BAAAACK ((dundundunnn)) high five for tri!
Landed and gabe picked me up this time 
Landed at OR Thambo just now. Fixed wing landings freak me out. I'm used to stopping, and only THEN landing 
Landed in ATL  one more flight and im in cali!! Stoked!
Landed in atl! Very comfy flight 
Landed in LA!!! Heading straight to see AmmA!!  love love love
Landed in New Jersey! Just saw the Empire state building and the Statue of Liberty!  Wow!
Landed safe, but a bit tired, in Vancouver  watched &quot;Milk&quot; on the plane, it was really good.
Landed safely. Now off to the seashore where a whole lot of fresh air awaits me 
ITS TODAY!!!! 
Its too bad we had no time to rewind (8) 
It's too hot outside! :/ Loving the New Moon trailer though! 
Landon now announces, &quot;Big poopy coming!&quot; every time. I'm just waiting for him to yell that in a store for the first time 
landscape view in email and messages is great too 
Lapping up the sun! On the good old study leave. 
Laps done, everyone survived, pts of war stories over Pilsner in the sun. Happy days 
laptop battery last 4 hrs is record time for me  , it 's always dead after 15 minutes. I fall in love again with my laptop...
Laptop is fixed  New Battery &amp; AC Adaptor = Sorted.
Laptop nowadays is really quite affordable. For $2k, the specs are pretty amazing. 4gb ram, 500gb hdd, 512mb video ram. Maybe it's time. 
is kinda tired of kindergarten... but they are so cute 
is Kings of Leoning tonight 
is knackered, but well, more partying tonight anyway. 
Is knackeredd! Revision at school today, and photos to be taken  Byeee
Is lactose intolerant. Just noticed. I only like soymilk anyway. 
Is laid in bed 
is laughing at the hilarity of combining her descomp class and photobooth 
is laughing her butt off at America's Funniest Home videos.   I'm such a geek.
is laughing so hard at the outakes of our documentary on downhill, I hope others think so  printing complete ;)
is laughing... he and some bride to be actually BALLROOM DANCED at Shephards last night during 93.3 FLZ's WIRED...   See pic!
is lay in bed havin a lazy day!!!!!  x
Is Layin in bed relaxin waiting to fall asleep 
is layin in bed watchin nick at night what fun haha lol 
is laying in bed, remembering. blush 
is laying in bed. Eyes burning from the pollen in which the 82 degrees brought out  heat + pollen = fucking gay!
is laying in the bed watching @cwthegame on youtube from his subscriber game fanatic 
is laying out in the sun! 
is laying pool side with @stefystef  time to get a tan!! 
is lazing on my bed in the sunshine 
is lazy days are great 
Is learning how to lure men into her grasps... With Kelly 
It's too hot today already... phew... need some air con... or who wants to come and fan me? (all Hugh Jackman look-a-likes welcome!) 
its trauma time with nick &amp; miley    
Its true ... drinking water does sort out your hunger 
It's true @ZacharyQuinto is a hottie! 
It's truly a beautiful day 
its trying to work out this twitter 
It's Tuesday! That means 2 Orange Tree hot dogs for $2! delicious, who's coming with?! 
It's Tuesday... I like you. 
Its two thirty and you're still over here. My house has never felt so warm. 
it's unbelievable, but I somehow managed to write the whole standalone 
it's very cold out there at my office . Lined up here are wide range of cycles promoting commute to office thro cycle  
is learning how to speak  mandarin from the nice cleaning lady. 
is learning the architecture of a nvidia 6600 
is learning the hoedown throwdown dance! 
is leavin' (Steamboat) in a minivan. Don't know when I'll be back again... 
is leavin Ada... :-/ Till Tuesday, then Ill b back! 
is leaving a legacy nd fingerprints. I want you to remeber me! 
Is leaving Celias to house. Me and kelly are bicycling back to her apartment 
is letting creativity sink in. filmy film. 
Is letting go of his Sigma 50mm f2.8 macro lens for canon mount, 10.5k only  getting one with a longer reach.
is letting the creative writing flow. Good results, so far 
is Level 58  http://plurk.com/p/stvri
Is likin this morning! Going really well. 
is liking bright sunday morning 
is liking having Monday off. 
is liking how things are going this morning, now for the phone to ring with 2 particular calls (fingers crossed) 
is liking this twitter more &amp; more 
Is line at popeyes and I completely forgot ppl love chicken on SATURDAY!!  damn this LINE LONG!
is listen to The Beatles!!!!  YAY
is listenin to ate denya being ignorant!  i love you teh! &lt;3 haha you need to stop tweet-ing..wink* wink* teehee. ;))
is listenin to everybody knows by john legend  
Is listenin to lady gaga dunno why i hate her she drives me gaga lol (no offence if you like her) 
is listenin to the hit list with matty and renae 
LAPTOP WIN! Got my cable working so now it's hooked up to my moniter.  
Laptops about to die!! grrrr try and tweet later, have a great day!  x
Lardy practice live on blogtv later today you exciteddddd? 
large cup of coffee to start what i hope to be a super productive day 
Largest/fastest hotspot in U.S.A. is located in Atlanta. Suck it people outside the ATL  JK...no idea how to use it! http://bit.ly/eDjz7
laron james . get meh wet like hawt sex i moan so grown &amp; sexiee  haha ;* uu can eat on tha ground if i let uu .
larves the weather 
Las Vegas was a blast!  We are now in Flagstaff, AZ (World's First International Dark Sky City) for a few days.  
las week of school starts tomorro  mann , it's ridiculous how time flies . .
laser quest was wicked. 
LaserCard reader arrived - comes up as a CD-R drive.  Not ISO9660 (shame) so more hacking needed, but it reads green cards 
Lassst episode of Gene Simmons Family Jewels. I really hate Nick's friend Chip. But I loveeee Nick. 
LAST ! I SHALL WATCH DRAG ME TO HELL AS SOON AS IT OPENS IN CINEMAS HERE ! 
last 3 answer videos are up! go watch/comment/rate 
Last 4 rides have used up 9053 calories, according to 705. That means there is room for 2 curries this week, 1 with mum &amp; 1 with work 
is listening  to fall out boy  
is listening 2 ashley tisdale new song...it's alright, it's ok. i'm addicted 2 it 
is listening the song Tu cafe by N.O.H.A this is awesome song 
is listening to &quot;La La Land&quot; i love it  
is listening to &quot;Then&quot; by Brad Paisley... BEST song EVER! 
is listening to 16 Horse Power  
is listening to 3Oh!3 &lt;333 Draaaagon Backpack  sorry, Kelli xDDDD also, did Twitter get rid of their character limit?! O__O Shweet! 
Is listening to a bit of ladyhawke just now 
is listening to aaron carter with tiff. HahaHa. I love life. 
is listening to Adam Lambert 
is listening to agenes - release me (L)  and is contemplating doing some english coursework..
is listening to album Hook me up by @Jessicaveronica and @Lisa_veronica ! 
is listening to ashley roberts' played! fave song right now 
is listening to Billy Bragg and thinking about writing some gig reviews 
is listening to both of her loves snoring softly... 
is listening to Chess (in Swedish) 
is listening to Cosmic Gate's new album 
is listening to David Cook in her car. 
is listening to Everything You Want by Vertical Horizon. Aww, miss old times 
is listening to front 242 - tragedy for you. Morning! 
is listening to Gary's  
is listening to girls aloud  watched the hills earlier cant wait for tomorrows episode looks great x
is listening to goodbye by Kristina Debarge  it's good haha!
is listening to hot..  (music) http://plurk.com/p/uin18
Is Listening To Like REally Old Music, Its Soo Cool ! 
is listening to Mitch Hedberg 
Is listening to music while ...folding laundry &amp; cleaning her room 
is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination  here's my profile http://is.gd/yopo
is listening to music... sum 41 rocks 
is listening to Musiq Soulchild. 
is listening to my new favorite songs; Jamie Foxx- Overdose &amp;&amp; J.Holiday- Forever Ain't Enough! 
its very early to me hahaha  bye bye &lt;3
It's very possible I will have A/C back within the next few hours  yay! 8 days until we leave for 'Roooooooo!
it's very possible that this is my favorite song of all time     http://song.ly/dqud  Os Mutantes - A Minha Menina
It's very rare to have me get into a book that I like as much as Harry Potter.
its very sunny today 
It's very surreal seeing updates from @mileycyrus and @ddlovato after just seeing them on tv.  its cool as cookies mannn! 
Its way to early to be up. But its Baby's birthday 
its way too nice to be at work. Sat in the sun for lunch tho. Mmm warm 
it's Wednesday and all is well 
It's weird saying goodbye to my brother..well I'll be seeing him tomorrow at his new place  Back to watching Bourne with the dad.
Its well sunny this morning! ! !  Had a well good night !  x
It's What's called a dry heat  home sweet home!
Its winter in autumn, YAY FOR CLIMATE CHANGE!   /sarcasm
It's work time today.  I know how exciting that is 
IT's YOU  I 'm WAITING For - Go tell them THAT, son  I said O.K.
It's Yuan's Day Out today. 
it's yucky outside...wish the sun were out again, I love wearing flip flops! 
It's Zoo Baby season! Have a look at this baby rhino http://bit.ly/seXWp It's bottle fed with Redbull judging from the look of its eyes 
It's ZUMBA time......at class gettin' my sweat on!!! 
Its. Too. Warm. I actually think I'm melting. Other than that, a very good day 
its11:11  makeee a wishhh 
itss a monday you all no wat that means SUPER DUPER SUPERNATURAL 
itss myy birffdayy 
itsssss almost over! bday weekend ending =( im spending the last day wit my mommy 
itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow polka dot bikini ... 
Itt is the middle of the nizzight  My boyfriend knows about dolphins.  Holy shit, It's all going to be ooookay  !! 
Itt's the BIG TIME Saturday night  Playing Canasta then a movie then...Psych homework?  Stay shiny and love everybody!!
iTunes &amp; Quick time updates....yay  -- http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1222 , http://support.apple.com/kb/HT3520
itunes + light bodice work. channeling the energy, lol 
Itunes 8.2 Pre-Release geil    http://yfrog.com/58f50p
itunes is the greatest thing on earth, through itunes i have been able to download the winning eurovision song.....i feel like a geek 
itunes let me import my old (real) library this morning, woo-hoo!  brilliant.
ITunes library now @ 4630/22.89GB... I love music... well hip hop at least... hehehe... 
iTunes please keep playing the good stuff  http://live.bowler4ever.co.cc #squarespace
is listening to paranoid  and gettin ready for work
is listening to PARANOiD and LOVE iS ON iT'S WAY ! SUUPPERR COOLL !!!! 
is listening to rick astley 
Is listening to SHINEDOWN. 
is listening to some country music and making oatmeal pancakes... 
is listening to The Calling 
is listening to the Celina playlist. will listen to the acunez playlist later 
is listening to the Corpus Christi Police for no particular reason   http://links.caller.com/policescanner/
is listening to the jonas brothers  msn not working...again...wtf? x
is listening to the Jonas Brothers &lt;3 and texting her twinn 
is listening to the music 
is listening to the new Fightstar 
Is listening to the new jonas brothers song 
is listening to the pet shop boys whilst tidying her room 
Is listening to the ricky gervais show at his girlfriends  - http://bkite.com/085Gt
is listening to the song YOUR UNIVERSE by Rico Blanco  am loving the song hihihi...
is listening to the sound of rain and...Bones 
Is listening to the soundtrack from The Brothers Grimm... great to write too! 
is listening to this weeks smodcast. Yay smith and mosier together again!!! 
is listening to Time and Wasted Bullets by Children 18:3. They be rock 
is listening to tracks by Jon McLaughlin and Jack Johnson and napping  almost the perfect remedy for a rainy afternoon...
is listening to Wu Tang and about to cook dinner. what a mad relaxing night m8 
is listening to: Roxy Music- love is the drug. 1976 
is listeningg to eminem - we madee you.. ah what a greaaaat song! 
is listing the things she needs to buy for school  http://plurk.com/p/x6os0
is living for the only thing she knows, runnin' n not quite sure where to go - Lifehouse edited version by ms Pluim 
Is living it up in Hawaii 
Is living it up with curly good times at the hyatt 
Is locked in  09 is mine still have six months to prove it
is locked in the editing room.... BACON!  New Episode Soon!
is LOL 
is LOLn @ BBLB - 'funky looking mother fella' And kno there was a reason I love this programme - witwoo George Lamb!! 
is looking at a blackberry curve 8900 
Is looking at all the new stills and trailor of new moon! I'm too excited 
Is looking at her speech and think its the [best] thing she did all year; graduation [6 days away] 
is looking at his new phone and it's looking right back at him! 
is looking at my lovely college paperwork 
is looking at Shortwave radios again 
is looking at the Google Wave preview ... looks pretty awesome if you ask me 
Is looking at the moon. This is kind of cool 
is looking at the rain and people getting water dumped all over them. 
is looking at youtube, then going for my lunch! 
Is looking for Ashley, the BF 
Is looking for denny fifield's email!  please email me at rmanderson717@comcast.net 
is looking for flights to sydney! 
is looking for new challenges, Ronde Van Vlandereen, Tour Down Under, Vattern sub 8? Please give me more crazy ideas 
is looking for new writing gigs to pay for my new obsession...cupcakes! 
last 6 weeks of high school. 
last at college woooo im loving today its all going so well lolz   also cant wait untill thursday its my birthday yey!!! 
Last beautiful day on the island of islands! gonna get back to the UK and step it up a gear  but i will be back... real soon...
LAST CALL!! 
Last call. Fav bar. Jameson shot. Good beer. I'm good. 
Last chance to relax before a whole new week unfolds  Happy Sunday, everyone!
Last class for the day! 
Last dance concert tonight at 7 scpa grand theater 
Last Day at home... hoping for a good day. 
Last day at work today. A bit sad, but mostly awesome. I made cake! 
ITV Tyne Tees &amp; Border: I've enjoyed Tim Backshall presenting this weekend -  they must simply rotate between .. http://rly.cc/xjN9C
Itweeted at the same timeas Chris, Yaldisss Maytee 
Itz a good thing I enjoy my job.  l8r
Itz always nice having a friend who is willing to lay everything out. I wrote 2 poems n I'm feeling much better 
itz freezing cold in Cavite..haha.thank goodness we're back home now.ahaha. 
itz my B-DAY 2day! 
ITZ STAVROS FLATLEY  YOU'D BE MAD NOT TO LOVE 'EM 
Iv finished uni! Wahoo! Holiday now! 
Iv got my beautiful closet 
iv missed my bestfriend, glad shes back and shes not going anywere till i move.  had so much fun all laughs, even when her and david fight
I've added threaded comments and comment pagination w/o intensedebate. Let's see if my regulars freak. 
Ive almost completed my homework for next week. Which starts tomorrow! Im excited to be almost a week ahead instead of behind as usual 
last day before my whole life changes but a free day today to unwind, i think i'll give the revision a break, just for today 
Last day for @arcware at Telligent. He missed his standup as usual. Likely playing GOW instead of working. 
Last day for Free ER with purchase here.  Check out my designs and promo here www.aljdesigns.etsy.com if you haven't yet 
last day here.. shoppingg 
last day in NY. enjoying the weather! 
Last day in Paris; No more lame group tomorrow. 
is looking for post-surgical WLS gastric bypass Twitter friends for daily support/encouragement. 8 months post op 100 lbs lost so far 
is looking for things to do in Washington in May.. Any suggestions? Never been there before, and have three weeks to explore everything.. 
is looking forward 2 becoming an official Lord Gang DJ 
Is looking forward for @fionahunter92 finishing her exam so that @ryankil and I can take her to Balloch. 
is looking forward to 2nite and also the weekend 
is looking forward to a beautiful Sunday 
is looking forward to a hot day and helping and watching chloe's sports day  x x x
is looking forward to a lovely long weekend 
is looking forward to a nice week with liam 
is looking forward to an evening of poker 
is looking forward to another fun day. going swimming with friends. 
is looking forward to another good Sunday 
is looking forward to business trip to Manchester on saturday !! 
is looking forward to catching up with an old school friend this week! 
is looking forward to coldplayconcert 
is looking forward to dinner with friends 
is looking forward to doing some drinking tonight 
is looking forward to E3 later today 
Is looking forward to feb next yeah  going away for my 17th birthday to france  hopefully will be fun  x
is looking forward to fish and chips for lunch to celebrate my promotion! woop woop 
is looking forward to gettin the sims 3 wooooopp   (i'm such a nerd)
is looking forward to having a great sleep tonight!!! zzzzzzzzz 
Is looking forward to her last week at work 
is looking forward to her party tonight  
is looking forward to her very own dougie coming round 
Is looking forward to interviewing The Saturdays today 
Is looking forward to 'Is anybody there?' tomorrow night! 
is looking forward to lamon at Muang Thai! Bagoong rice! Phad thai! 
is looking forward to later with @danniwimbush and @toymaloy 
is looking forward to leaving work in eight minutes whoop whoop 
is looking forward to lunch in 3 minutes!  I've decided that it'll be a jacket potato at the Caf today 
Is looking forward to my date night tonight! Yippie for adopting Danae 
is looking forward to my massage tonight 
is looking forward to next week 
Is Looking forward to next weekend going shopping with Bella, Angela and Nessie 
is looking forward to RAZORLIGHT on thursday with HachKay 
I've already given the teo tellers an evil stair behing my sunglasses. all i got left is crossing my arms. OHH Im next 
i've already seen the preview &amp;&amp; its gewd 
I've also been wondering about trying the next size down.  {a perfect 10}  Obviously ... they size their jeans better than most!  
I've always liked this cover of Killer Queen by Travis.   http://blip.fm/~8am98
I've always loved driving at sunrise  Lets hope i miss rush hour through chicago.
ive always wanted to eat that chocolate... i have a huge love for chocolate!! and Fiqah, i miss you alot btw i admired you alot too 
I've always wanted to try that...  http://www.bypassfirewallnow.com - &amp; guess what - It works!!
I've arrived at a baby shower. It'll be the biggest party ever. Attorneys are throwing it. 
I've arrived! 46 greenwich ave. It's upstairs just come in and to the back 
ive asked before, but i'll ask again. any singers out there want to help a brother out for CNI 200? quick/easy bit to learn in a week. 
I've asked Google, if it's legal to use maps in embed? They said &quot;yes&quot;, So embeds will came with dynamic maps as well.  Back to work...
I've asked myself...how much do you, commit yourself? its my life! 
I've become the box biotch again... it doesn't bother me, I like box over concession, but usher is nice too 
I've been a bad boy, lol, spent the whole weekend pleasuring myself 
I've been a lousy Twitterer the past couple of days. I'll try to make up for it the rest of this week, though. 
I've been a very bad lad. After dinner I had some rasperry ruffle cheesecake....oh boy it was so good 
last day in wellington then off on another trip! 
Last day of actual school! English project and band final! Ha band final what a joke! 
last day of AP Bio, then interviewin' Nicoley on the R  HALLELUJAH!!
last day of classes  starbucks with kait.
last day of classes for me this week!  
Last day of classes, four days Me finals, then the end with this year of school.  
Last Day of College 
Last day of co-op!!  bout time eh? I'm goin insane lol
Last day of emerge. We can do it! 
last day of first sem  
last day of frosh year. 
Last day of hardcore revising today  exams for the following 3 days, and then a 14 day period of solid maths revision. Cant wait...
Last day of intercession. Thank God. Cannot wait to come right back home and crawl right back in bed 
is looking forward to seeing Absent Elk's homemade semi acoustic version of Sun and Water    
is looking forward to seeing oasis on saturday! ahhh!  wooooohooooo!
Is looking forward to some portobello Market action this afternoon... 
Is looking forward to some special down time with pie chips &amp; gravy  
is looking forward to Sunday 
Is looking forward to swimming tonight!!! 
is looking forward to The Apprentice final and Big Brother tonight ... think I need to get out more 
is looking forward to the big 34 
Is looking forward to the final of britains got talent 
Is looking forward to the memories of summer '09. 
is looking forward to the movie Hangover 
is looking forward to the summer 
is looking forward to the weeks ahead 
is looking forward to tonight! 
is looking forward to trials tomorrow 
Is Looking Forward To Watching @vprincess New Lady Gaga Video  X
is looking forward to zoe's barbeque  good times x
is looking like a complete Idiot dressed in formals,paired with casual sneakers.Tomorrow I will rectify this by being dressed in casuals! 
is looking up flights to Costa Rica  !!!!!
is loooooooving the sunshine! 
is loooooving the sunshine 
is loooooving the weather! 
is losing weight! 
is loveing the sun 
is lovely sunshine  x
is lovin' her new hair! Thanks Chai and JDog 
is lovin his Nike  already and that's only from running on the spot in his bedroom
is lovin Nevershoutnever! Oh and she's happy she won ERS  His Grace is enough....Yep it is, i wish i would remember that more often
is lovin' the song &quot;666 Conducer&quot; &amp; &quot;Need Some Air&quot; by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club. Gettin' meh phone tomarrow.. im thinkin a wildcard 
Is lovin this dude!!... 
is loving @billiepiper sick in Secret Diary of a Call Girl. ps- sorry it took too long to get onto it. 
I've been awake for 20mins already. Still in bed. Gonna get up soon cuz i need to pee. lol Then back to bed to read! 
I've been away from the computer way too long. The pushing of the keyboard buttons feels good on my fingers. 
I've been craving it for weeks.  I'm getting some fish tonight, dammit. 
i've been doing a lot of thinking lately, and i've come to realize i'm in a place where i'm at peace with myself  &lt;3
I've been doing absolutely NOTHING today and it's awesome! 
I've been driving around all day and i swear if i hear fucking lady gaga FOR THE 35TH TIME I MIGHT KILL SOMEONE!! Hahaha. 
I've been following babygirlparis aka Paris Hilton yeah the real one  1st tweet I've seen of hers she just had dinner
I've been having a lot of fun with find awk sed and grep 
I've been having fun playing with Light Craft's &quot;new photo editor for the rest of us&quot;   www.lightcrafts.com/aurora/
I've been having the most funniest conversation with this guy I used to work with. Now: I sleep 
I've been in love since the first sight  i wouldn't change it if I could 
I've been laying awake in the bed for a half hour, maybe it's time to get out off bed 
Is Loving @ladygaga 's Paparrazzi &amp; Liking The Video  Also Loving How She Has That Cyberdog Image ;P
is loving 8 out 0f 10 cats back this Friday.    xx
is loving DIVERSITY!! Woop woop to the Brits!!... and Ashley Banjo is seriously HOTTTT! 
is loving happy news  thinks that the result of hard work and strong beliefs are coming around....
is loving having his phone back on line 
is loving her new cork board. Hehehehe!~  Full of Sanrio deadlines.
is loving her new gadget toy 
is loving her pooh bear and tigger that her friends go for her  and Adam Lambert is just so so O-M-G freakish HAWT! ;)
is loving her purple nails. 
is loving her twitter layout! 
IS LOVING HIS NEW NOKIA E71 
Is loving jazz for cleaning up. 
Is loving life and everyone and everything about it. 
is loving life! 
is loving life, but I know it can get better then this 
Is loving lusty glaze beach 
Is loving ma new style 
is loving Miss fact finder!! 
is loving monday morning... so much to do! excitedddddd 
Is loving new hair style! 
is LOVING NYC!  In need of an apartment for the month of July! If anyone has any info, let me know! 
is loving skyping my BFFs  From Wellington to Phnom Penh... #fb
is loving summertime 
is loving that Orton was put over and is champ again.  so sinister and cute.
Is loving that Ted from scrubs was actually the awkward coach in Flubber first 
is loving that today is friday!!!    whatup
is loving the amazing weather  
Is loving the barbed ID campaign posters - &quot;put criminals in jail, not government&quot;. 
is loving the cherubs in night in the museum 2 
is loving the cup of tea that carys just made her!!!  thanks chris 
is loving the fact that Jor can talk and tell me what she wants!! AMAZING 
is loving the fact that the weather is awesome 
Is loving the jay z marathon on hot 97 
is loving the new Jonas show &lt;3 ITS A COLANDER! Kristi &amp; I are finally going to bed  Night!
is loving the sunshine outside, and the fact that I graduate next week! Life is good! 
is loving the weather in uk its actually hot 
is loving the weather!  
is loving the wheather!!!!!!! loving the pool!!!!!!!! loving the lake!!!!!! and all smiles  
Is loving this  but I hate studying! Summer needs to come now!
is loving this Sun  
is loving this sunny day!  
is loving this sunsine (#), roll on end of exams...12 weeks summer holidays! 
is loving this weather and my new dress 
is loving this weatherrr  xx
is loving this weeks Loosegroove mix - 	www.spaceinvaderradio.com (go for the download) will put a smile on anyones face, nice one boys. 
Is loving watching oprah's THS 
is lucky to have the greatest friends ever! 
is lurrrving the weather 
is lying in bed with nicholas  gooddnight peopleees.
is lying in her tent with kasey deciding what 2 do today! 
is mad excited for graduation 
Is madly in love with her costumes!!! ..and my sisters costumes!  Everyone looks great.  Cant wait for next week!!!! 
is mah birfday 
is majorly excited for today  x
Last day of Junior year. 
Last day of long lies and studying in the sun for two weeks 
Last day of my holiday!  Boo! Hiss!  I'm not doing any work today, I'm gonna have a nice chill-ax 
last day of normal classes. yeeeeeees! 
last day of pre-production for the new shit 
last day of school  5.15.09
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL  attempting last minute studying. can't say its really working out all that well.
Last day of school - enough said! 
last day of school !!! 
Last day of school for 08-09 (I wrk thr). I'm rockin a new OP tee w/ a old skool look, feel like summertime!   ~Cherie
last day of school is on Thursday June 11, 2009!!! whooooo!!!  imma miss my friends during summer and the one's that are moving =(
last day of school manana !!    mood :: excited
Last day of school todayyy!  and the boardwalk afterschool with a bunch of friends, should be funnn. 
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL WHAAAAT. Done at 11:30 
Last day of school! Eff yes! No more homework 
I've been overwhelmed with all the birthday greetings on Facebook and Twitter! Thank you so much! 
I've been playing around with my Canon S3 IS and #chdk. Now to pop the card out, and clone it across all my memory cards. 
i've been playing with SQLite. what do I think of it? AWESOME! 
I've been reading a lot of FF's lately which is rarity... Enjoying though hahaha 
Ive been sick all day . The hippies take good care of me with their tea and herbal remedies.  http://twitpic.com/68mln
Ive been sitting at this freakn verizon store for ever!! My conclusion! Fuck verizon and at&amp;t. If any1gives a shit! 
I've been sleeping during this whole thing...biggest waste of time. Hollywood later 
I've been so productive today 
I've been spoiled so far this week by having the car. Now back to bus travel but thanks to exam and activity week there are no kids 
I've been stuck in rural Arkansas all week without internet! Borrowing the hotels pc to check email, and twitter.  2 days till home.
ive been such a herb lately. my social life is dissipating right before my eyes! smh. TALLADEGA NIGHTS though....aaaahhhhhhh! 
is makin edits for people  speak to me if you want one,, im not that good but 
is making a Haricot Bean Loaf yum 
is making a latte and is about to start on some art coursework 
is making a shopping list 
is making a twitter cus im so fing bored! who new summer would b this boring!!!! 
is making amends and fixing my life. Things are great right now. I just miss my baby. 5-6 more days! I'm counting down! LOL! 
is making bacon and eggs. 
is making birthday cards &amp; finding presents for christian pawley, brandon pang, &amp; john christiansen for this week 
is making breakfast at noon; how silly but  excited for these  waffles 
is making brownies. from scratch. 
is making coconut cupcakes with marshmallow frosting. I wish I had some Peeps for toppers. 
is making coffee... 
is making crepes 
is making final perpetrations before leaving for Redmond 
is making her hair for the wedding 
is making her mother make her scrambled egggggggggggggggg 
is making his presentation about HELEN KELLER for ENGLISH PT . 
is making icecubes and baking cakes 
is making love to the piano! 
is making new origami things. 
is making one big happy family.  http://bit.ly/LgzsO
is making snickerdoodles with greg and jannette. 
is making some caramel sauce  http://plurk.com/p/x4u4p
is making some yellow cupcakes w/ chocolate frosting and sprinkles! yaay 
is making tea 
is making that money 
is making the most of having curly hair this morning: it will be getting the chop later on 
is making wonderful music 
is meeting Heather for drinks and to watch the game 
is michaelbuble-ing again. 
is misbehavin with the divas. (j/k kevin - we're being good.  ) #fb
Last day of school! Soooooo excited.. 
Last Day Of School! Summer Is Here  WooOOhOoO!
Last day of school! Thank goodness  ugh how much i have PE
Last day of school! Woo! I'm only going for extra credit. Lol  ~Tina~
last day of school?....crushed 
Last day of schoolll 
Last day of schoooool 
last day of summer class &amp; last day at the calesses...going to the CT sun's game with dan after class to see josh reff 
Last day of summer... It was great while it lasted.. I'm excited to see my classmates...  
Last day of the Addicted video shoot!!! On may way to set 
LasT daY of ThE moNth!!! omG . 
last day of the week 
last day of tying up loose ends here in Clarksville   Hit the road tomorrow!
last day of vacation, and birthday #2 with Leah. Girls day 
Last day of vacation... The a week and a half left of work and I'm off for 3 weeks 
Last day of work at nomad! So good. Going back into business as early as this week 
Last day of work for a week 
last day of work then a 3 day weekend!   
last day of work tomorrow 
last day of work until Thursday!!!! Finally 
Last day of work. Weekend at the pool. Then off to Jekyll Island to get married  http://www.jekyllclub.com/
Last day of working my butt off! Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow 
Last day till half term 
Last day to sign up for GoCincinnati! www.crossroads.net/gocincinnati you can sign up with my group.. its going to be AWESOME 
Last day waking up early!!! Glory. 
Last day!  Trivia tonight as well as pizza and cheap beer   woo hoo
Last day! Bought some beer to celebrate, so I'm happy 
last dayya' finaaaals so happy, easy ones 
LAST DO OF SCHOOL WHAAAAT. Done at 11:30 
Last episode of the Boondocks season 2. Woo. Haha Riley is adorable, he's my fave.  but i love Huey a lot too.
Last ever art lesson today ever  YAY 
last exam is over and done with, one more week and uni finished forever, off to sit in the garden and enjoy the sun 
Last exam on the 4th of June, then studio  I can't wait
Last exam on thursday  WOOOOO
last exam tmrw... i promisee!!! omg so much to do after it.... first gonna hit the parlour for a massage... hopefully thai!!!  wid friends
last exam todayy 
last exam todayyyyy 
last exam tomorrow ... holiday mood already setting in! 
last few days were the monsoon rainy season, today is October, next Monday we'll be sledding 
Last few k's to go. @RichardGiles is almost finished! Will be very close to 1.5 hours all up 
Last final! Summer, here i come. 
last full day in menom till next week!!! lets make it count 
last full day of school tomorrow. sweet. as always chillin w/ vance, frances, roy and teddy tomorrow. and kurt  excited. peace-love danie.
last full monday or the year!!  can't wait for summer. one week! 
last full week of school for lexiboo!  @mattielong you're the sweetest, got your message. &lt;3 ILYSOMUCH!
Last full weekend in VA, heading back to TX next saturday 
last GCSE 2day   
Last heat in water balloon battle with the kids. Got my clothes pretty wet, bit I hit those little bastards back 
Last home game tmwr I'm forsure gna go ! Just Goya find my jersey and spandex 
Last install done! Beer thirty! 
Last intermission..got an awesome dress though 
last load of laundry yay! 
Last long chemistry period!   that put a bright spot on my day
last Long weekend ahead then dry spell of pub.hols. Oh well.  keep on swimming _Doris from Finding Nemo
Last mass went well. Lots of commitment to new beginnings. I'm very excited about the future of our family. 
last minute interview at noon... still fishing later on that isnt going to stop me 
Last minute packing and then off to FL to visit family and Disney World 
Last minute packing for the France Trip. Heading out at about 3pm to get the midnight ferry over to France. Really excited now! 
Last minute preps for Royal Bison tomorrow!  Thanks @kimikoe @jljahrig for bubble tea and paper folding!
last minute school shop in a couple of minutes. FOLLOW ME GUYS! 
last monday in high school. 
last monday of high-school ever! don't worry California Im coming 
last nght i had an amazing cnvrsation, been a long time since i had 1 like it, whn mind manner and good feelings come togather 
Last night 50 people left my show because I cursed. But the 100 that stayed were fantastic. So those that left can go fuck themselves. 
ive been thinking today  and i love my life xx
Ive been told i changed 4 the worse =( i aint ive jus found better mates then u! 
I've Been Tracing Your Steps Along With Your Dainty, Exquisite Guest. Something Different For Once, Surprised, So Am I   
I've been tryin' to make my own pacman game since lastnight! 
I've been up for 24 hours; I feel great! Breakfast timeee 
I've been up since 7am watching New Zealand's Next Top Model... Courtesy of @galadarling 
I've been upgraded. Yay and hooray! 
I've been waking up so early lately  It feels good not to waste the day.
I've been working on a dress pattern for my dolls and think i may have it... woo hoo!   Maybe I can finish up some tomorrow
I've been writing so much lately, maybe I can write a book from all these ramblings 
I've biked to the lake  It's so nice there. Reminds me of the summervacation.. 
is missing her puppy and also glad school is over for the week 
Last night I dreamed of going for an interview in #Thoughtworks and being rejected and I had to fight with @tastapod  weird!
Last night I had a dream where I was failing my last college class with Mr Curry. But then I remembered I already graduated. 
Last night I hooked up my tv to the web, quite pleased by Amazon on Demand. And quite impressed with my ability to run 2 subnets @ home. 
last night i saw you wearing a black jas its make me wanna hug and kiss you  I MISS YOU SO DAMN
last night i sneezed and bit my tongue. today my poor tongue is all swollen. i feel like a HOUSE episode.  also, g'mornin ya'll! 
Last night I started Scottish Country Dancing lessons with my boyfriend! Talk about in-the-deep-end! Was a real giggle, &amp; great exercise 
Last night I was asked to write a report, so just getting down to that now 
Last night I went to see 'UP' I loved it &lt;3 Is very cute and funny.. I recommend it if you have not seen yet 
I've bought Trackmania United, gonna make it forever(haha).  I am really nasty 
I've ceased nail painting to nag 
I've choosen to share my gifts on twitter  What do you share?
I've come to terms, that in the long run everything will end up right where it belongs 
I've come to the conclusion all guys who like famous stars and straps and know about the fast life and love trv$ are super hott 
i've come to the conclusion that i'm marrying taylor lautner. 
I've created another Peter Cook fan through Derek &amp; Clive Get The Horn and Bedazzled  Productive day.
I've created the official website for my band. www.darrastao.com 
I've crossed the drove over 1000 miles mark, not including air time...if there was any.  altitudes over 10k daily.... Maybe... 
I've decided I'm tired. So goodnight evry fellow twitterer! 
I've decided that being in a zombie like studying mode is no bueno... Time for bed 
I've decided that I have retarded fingers 
I've decided that I need a change, and seeing as I can't go to LA, I'm gonna 're-invent' myself. change is good. 
I've decided that im going to go to pastry school  so stoked 
i've decided that the thing that will make me feel better the fastest is shots of 100-proof. working on this when i return home. 
Last night in NYC. Loungin on lawn chairs in middle of times square  http://twitlens.com/?h9
Last night in san dimas has been so much fun! 
last night in St.louis!! NYC in the morning 
last night is kind of blurry in my head hahha but it was really fun 
Last Night Julia and I met for an Italien-Cooking-Eve. A lot sparkling wine. Very funny! 
Last night me and @catsbd compromised - I watched Bride Wars with her and she watched Hostel with me. Actually, we both enjoyed both 
last night my friend said #kstew was unclassy in her converses and dress and her hair needed 2 b combed. i thought she looked BEAUTIFUL 
LAST NIGHT MY MUM MET A REALLY FIT MALE MODEL CALLED JAMES CULLEN HAHA cullen 
Last night of homework for a long long while 
Last night was a blast! Woke up this morning not feeling too hot but breakfast at Pita Jungle with Chris was a good remedy 
last night was abit shit, but my house smells of boys so thats an upside  x
Last night was amazing  Doing some homework, and just chillin alone tonight; listening to the rain and thunder.
is missing my friends back home..In London you can be surrounded by ppl but still feel very lonely,,,Cape Town Im missing you today  Xoxo
Is Modi a diabolical creation of CIA to ensure votes for Congress? Each pro-Modi voter creates two anti-BJP voters  #IndiaVotes09
is Mompreneur. Just done a small animated tag for my Mompreneur Hub.. hehe.. 
is Mompreneur. Just updated the page again. Invite you to join Blogging Moms  http://mompreneurasia.com/blogging-moms/
is most definetly going to fail my trig final, but is starting not to care because in one week ill be sitting on the beach in MAUI ! 
Last night was amazing. Lax tournament with Kels. Text me 
last night was awesome, tonights going to be better 
Last night was crazy! But fun all the same 
last night was crazy, wonder what the rest of the weekend has in store for me 
last night was dope 
Last night was fun.. danced with Quentin Tarantino, wore his socks as you can't wear shoes on the boat 
Last night was good. Good food, scavenger hunt, worship, and even the speaker did all right  woke up to rain so today will be interesting.
Last night was goood!!  Apart from a couple of incidents 
Last night was great 
Last Night Was Jokes &lt;3 @mileycyrus The HM Movie Was Awesome. Yuur Such A Great Actress  &amp; A Great Role Model. Love Ya xoxo &lt;3
last night was my last thomasville practice til august 
Last night was okies....pool was fun...nix on the dancing.  Off to a early start today..for me anyways. Groceries, mem card, circus 
Last night was so amazing i can't use words 2 explain it.  im just very happy
last night was so fucking radical. -Listening to The Veronicas/ 
Last night was so fun  super tired though!
Last night was so fun! Can't wait for round two tonight! 
I've Decided to cook a fantastic dinner for myself and Benny eventhough its almost midnight.. It will still taste just as delish 
I've decided to run the laptop off the battery not the power cord, in case there's a power surge. Stormy 
I've discovered how much i learn when i try 
I've done that before and so has @netbuilder to me! 
Ive finally come to peace of mind when it comes to these fuckas. Im just not dealin with them.  Goodnight twitts I love you guys forever
I've finally downloaded Season 1 of The Wire 
I've finally got my MacBook!! Now I'm part of the Mac family 
I've finally managed to fix everything on my new laptop! Loaded over picture, fixed the background + screen-saver as well as the internet 
Ive finally managed to get back into the house  happy happy
I've finally woken up at a decent time this morning 
Last night was soooo good 
LAST NIGHT was sooooooooo AMAZING! DAVID AND DAVID ARE LIKE THE BEST 
last night was the best concert of my life thankyou sooo much @ddlovato and the @jonasbrothers you guys rock! 
last night was the perfect ending! see you later. luv u guys 
Last night was truly something  doing my love's myspace page (:
Last night was unexpected but good fun  Today is pretty shit!!
Last night was... wow. And you are just..wow. And everytime I think about it..wow. Everything... gdjerdje wow! 
last night was...interesting? lol doing laundry and cleanin my room..the weather is finally acting right 
last night was..interesting. Haha but fun 
Last night we had Archbishop Gregory's Seasons tickets and the best seats at the Braves game. Nerver had the money 2 buy such tickets. 
Last night, a thought floated around and reached me = 'Happiness for all', and I sat up, emailed a friend and slept peacefully, how nice 
Last night, we sat by the firecamp with music and marshmallow.. it was great  Love these simple family evenings !
Last night...We partied HARDCORE.....at Jumping Jacks 
Last night's Daily Show was awesome.  Larry King was great.  
last night's dinner was awsome, i love my drama life hahaha  tomorrow's school's up again, bet is more drama to come
Is most definitley looking forward to a holiday clothes spending spree this afternoon  X
is mostly installed now!  No more boxes lying around and, the most important, I have internet!! 
is mothaaa fuckin drunk weeee!!! 
is moving on. time to forget him. forever in my life~ 
Is much better now 
is munching cornflakes in the sunshine 
Is my boyfriend gay? I think so 
is nagbabalik LP. writing my entry now.  http://plurk.com/p/y5lzx
is nailing the studying, yay  Mia is feeling my wrath today... HA HA HA *evil laugh*
is needing coin star! 
is needing some Taco Bell! 
last nite and this morning were awesome with a fantastic guy.  he made my day 
last nite was fun  altho i was shaking i was so cold in the tent..i had the blanket over my head..lol
last noight? one of the bests in my whole life 
last nyt was wkd.. .thanks to all who came! 
last one cause i'm leaving #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly #USAWantsMcFly  
Last one for tonight. I swear! X__X &lt;3 sleep after Fallon? 
last one, this was supposedly outside a church haha great people  http://bit.ly/HRg6n
Last post. for a while 
Last real week of school, and my geek side is happy all week because of E3. Life is good 
Last RM 1.3 test before release to beta testers... 
Last scandinavian blip for me todayneed to go out and get some sun  Have a nice day everyone. ? http://blip.fm/~4kw85
I've finished Hannah Montana, on to Peep Show 
I've finished my blog post! http://tr.im/ovjn Make sure you read it! 
I've finished the history text book    I can order The Sims 3 now 
I've fixed my laptop  now to go and enjoy the sun!
I've forgotten how to write - I mean with a pen &amp; paper! When I have to write a check it is painfully slow  http://ff.im/38OZU
iv'e found out some of the awesomest musicians all thanks to mitchell davis  LIVELAVALIVE FOREVER
I've got &quot;Do the HulaHoop&quot; stuck in my head. Sure got me movin' right, though.  Thanks @metaphysical1 @dialectHD.
i've got &quot;how do you sleep&quot; stuck on my head, which doesn't suck at all 
Ive got 2 stop goin 2 sleep when birds r already up n chirpin. Tho Its good 2 hear em. Yay summer! 
Ive got 3 hours before my internet turns on so i can download sims 3 yeyy what to do...my nails 
I've got a BLOG!! But it's in norwegian.. Yayy. But I'll consider getting an english too. But for now THIS is my english blog 
I've got a bone to pick with Lidge... UGH!! Bridal shower today; stay tuned for commentary. 
I've got a bullet proof vest on.     Walkin to Shelby's, takin her bus to school.  I love her.     let's go job huntin this week. text.
I've got a busy week; tomorrow hanging out with nikki, wed. hopefully going with jace then babysitting, thursday home, friday&amp;sat jace 
I've got a clear hard case on my storm now 
I've got a couple mini Cooper's in stock! Who wants one? Two? 
I've got a date with Brendan tomorrow. &lt;3 Oh it's going to be pretty cold but that's alright, I got him to keep me warm. 
I've got a lil pup! Lil Orion, let's go home. 
i've got a lot of chips 
I've got a new blog post at http://sothisissimon.blogspot.com/ about my two replies from Celebs on twitter yesterday! Check it out! 
I've got a new profile picture 
I've got a new toy and have joined iphonedom  I love it!
I've got a staircase to draw... Enjoy your Saturday tweeps! Carpe diem! 
I've got a sweet design on my hand that I made this morning... I should be a tattoo artist. 
i've got a tannn! and i've doneee halff my arttttt preppp 
I've got C.J. Cherryh's new hardcover book Regenesis! Yay! ... Can't read till done Weekday #wordathon, so keeps me motivated. 
I've got chocolateeeee.!!!  Yeah.! 
i've got flowers from the florist  and i have to get my hands on french like noww for tmrw's writing test  xxx
i've got josie-lee laying infront of me on the sofa asleep. shes kicking me i wonder what shes dreaming about? 
is nervous to hear about jonas meet and greet most likely tomorrow but EXCITED to book miley tickets 
is new at twitter 
is new at Twitter. 
is new in twitter. holla me back guys. thanks 
is new on twitter 
is new on twitter...  
is new to this and needs friend 
is new to this twittering! UmMmmm..so far so good? 
is new to twitter.... needs some studying here 
is new to twitter...exciting, virginal feeling 
Is not at work coz i thought ill get more done at home but i cant get out of bed 
I've got my copy of 21st Cenury Breakdown! 1 day before it's released! yay 
I've got my copy of Lines, Vines and Trying Times! Yay! &lt;3 jb and LVATT and Jb fans! Happy Jonas Day! 
I've got my experiences and outcomes 
I've got my glasses... oh man, it looks very cool, but it's strange for me... 
i've got my laptop lowbat. so i better shut it down! haha. i'm off! goodbye! 
I've got my T-shirt of Katy Perry association !! 
i've got sausage and egg sandwiches for breakfast, yay! 
'ive got sunshine on a cloudy day.........................my girl' ROFL silly doll 
I've got the entire week planned out. 
Ive got the greatest boyfriend in the world. I love him so so much. 
I've got the love. In the music. Sleep tight bitches! 
I've got to go in at 8. This puts such a cramp in my sleeping / mornings. However, I do have 6 new CD's to listen to today at work! 
I've got to head out.  Out of the way, kids.  See you tomorrow, Twitterville!  http://bit.ly/ixL2g
I've got to stop working so late....um...early!!! I just love getting things done, especially in peace &amp; quiet. 
i've got twitter on one half of my screen, and the episode ready on the other half. i'm all set  #chuckmemondays #chuck
I've got windows 7 
I've got wine, my laptop and a DVR full of &quot;World's Dumbest...&quot;  This should be a fun evening 
Ive got you to make me feel stronger 
ive gotta be sleepy misspelling works lol but twittering is so much fun 
I've gotta go in to the office. . . No I don't want too, and then I have to do a group! That I LOVE! 
I've gt my best friend back   
I've had 15 new followers today. Holy hell  Also, hi, if you're following me!!x
I've had a blast playing with my 4 &amp; 2 year old niece &amp; nephew the last couple of days!  http://twitpic.com/7j55q
i've had a good week 
I've had a great day today. Spending the day with Zac - also tonight too! I just love him. 
I've had a great week!  Got my L.A. lawyer, a major label and producer requested my material, AND I got extra hours @ work! 
I've had a headache since 4:00!!! hopefully some sleep will make it all better  im leaving for vacation tomorrow 
Ive had a long day. Im actually in bed and am dying to fall asleep and it's by even 9pm yet! =O LOL. Goodnight everyone. 
I've had a lovely day so far today. 
I've had a pretty great day. Nothing beats getting cute clothes, checked out, and getting my room partially put together. 
I've had a slew of really awesome days! they all almost turned out horribly, but ended up so good! Loving life lately... 
I've had an amazing day today  won a cd on the way to work, the boys were great today and now i'm headed to eat with my mom and sister!!
i've had fun tonight. seeing other bands play really makes me want to get up there on the stage 
I've had pretty much a perfect day 
i've had so many lovely emails this morning! thank you all, you made my day 
I've just been invited to a bachelorette party...oh man, i smell trouble 
I've just been shopping with the money my gran gave me for Easter. Got a pair of boots, 2 books and a DVD! 
I've just been told I have a million $ smile...that just made my week!    lol
I've just blogged about Coriandr Express...read all about it here   http://bit.ly/zK7Cu
I've just bought bagels and I'm gonna watch Gossip Girl all day long! 
I've Just finished learn We Are The Young. Love this song 
I've just got home, been out to dinner with a few friends, had an awesome night! Just playing cards with brad lol 
I've just got my laptop back i can't be more happy!!!!!  
I've just lit 6 candles mwahaha! They smell nice 
i've just made a new background 
I've just made and am currently cooking sausage rolls, mmmmmmm 
I've just noticed that I've built up a collection of t-shirts over the years, I'm one step ahead of the Summer clothing dash apparently 
Ive just realized how awesome it is to have a laptop where the screen doesnt fall off 
ive just realized that i can completely blow off my finals and still get a C in both classes!! hmmm...my inner slacker likey likey 
I've just remembered the first time I saw Adam Hill's on MTW, I thought he was a sportsman who'd had some horrific accident. 
I've just sent you another invite mail  It should be going to your gmail. If not, I'll put it somewhere else tonight.
I've just strapped it up, so we'll see  that's all they'll do anyway 
I've just watch the jonas brothers show &quot;jonas&quot; and it was AMAZING I love them and the show, they are so funny 
I've just woken up 
i've just won $950,000.00 thanks to Dr Edwin Bekkens! my email address is lucky apparently! 
ive let my daughter stay up tonite ,lots of cuddles 
i've listened to before the storm not once, not twice, but THREE MILLION times this morning 
I've loads of things in my mind... and can't bring an order to them yet :S ... anyways I'm havin' fun with the challenge of ordering them 
I've lost 10 pounds. Hurray! 15 more to gooo. Being healthy is fun 
I've made a new wordpress theme for my blog  http://parablog.co.uk/ Now for some dedicated blogging, Christopher!!
I've made pancetta wrapped, mozarella &amp; basil stuffed chicken with homemade bruschetta for me and my cherry on top. Hurry up baby  x
I've mastered the Spongebob 
Ive missed my bestfriend ! Can see her in 2 days 
I've moaned so much today! I'm constant doom at the moment. Tomorrow I will make an effort to brighten my disposition 
I've moved on to lunchtime foods... popcorn! 
I've neva realize how much the word F*ck was said n this movie lol gotta luv the Europeans  luv yall @estelledarlings @Lexxcoop 
I've never actually met @jolieodell, but I like her already. Thanks for the muffin joke, I feel a bit cheered up now 
I've never felt so vulgar in my life, but hey, it's all your fault anyways. F-ass. 
i've never heard &quot;i love you betch!&quot; so many times in my life before! lol.. oh how i love the gay folk 
I've never slept. I do black out every night tho. 
I've noticed something... Jose loves his gum.  @One_Call Jose, what's your fave type of gum? And how bout the other 3, any preference? lol
I've now accepted the fact that I'm a yr older  no more pouting...
I've now been officially awake for 24 hours 
I've now officially finished uni :O.  Going home til Wed now 
I've only had 1 cigarette today, I'm so proud of myself! 
I've only just realised I've been blogging for a whole month now! Without giving up on it! Win 
I've only recently realized that he takes after his Mom very much. aww, I like this fact. dunno. it's somehow a cute thing... 
I've over-committed myself ... I'm sleeping so little these days. I guess this is growing up. 'Coffee Break' - @OFFICIALFTSK &lt;3 it 
@lalavazquez Yessss... LOVE that show! Poetry was my first true love! 
@lalavazquez:  happy mothers day  ur a great mom....
@lalayu hahaha. Hi, Olive and @chicajones 
@lalayu LMAO! Probably. They don't want someone as popular as you bringing the company down 
@lalayxholid09 Great  did you sign the guest book?
@Laleh84  why thank you!! ;) it's a tough job, but someone's gotta do it...and it might as well be me. ;)
@LaLeigh you are an answer to prayer my friend!!!! Maybe a dry pair of jeans as well or am I pushing it there a bit? 
@LaLi02 you too 
@Laliana that's a sexy toy! 
@lalienjouli hiiiiii bbycakezzzz, how u be doinnn!?  xo
@Lalikat You'll be in good company if you get one  What phone do you use now?
@lalilacrazy ummm well I'm going to Tally tomorrow till wednesday soo anytime after! I really wanna do it 
@LallyLooper I knew you'd cave 
@LaloBean Yes, I've read that that is also a cure for migraines. And agree with both. 
@lalomartins Creating a QQ account, or what? 
@Lalouba my daughter the rock star!! 
@lalunera It's a good feeling when you wake up the next morning though and see what an awesome, crafty mama you are! 
@LAmale Agree with you completely. 
@LAmale good morning there 
@LAmale I know! lol, it's so true about my life though.. I love it.  &amp;I have a TON of &quot;Fragile&quot; boxes, which also reflects my life.
@LAmale really? They're a band...  good music!
@LaMamaNaturale I did the same. We had ordered out pizza for the first time in 6 months! 
@lamamanaturale no prob, I always enjoy the tweets 
@LaMamaNaturale thank you! 
@lamarguerite : thank u 
@lamarjmorgan looks like you need a local marketing person. I'm booked for 2 gigs in Vegas that day 
@LAMase  Good overview of the Laker's Math. Maybe Kobe can defer some salary. Maybe 2 much for Trevor. I see you're staying up late. 
@LAMAZINGMUSE aw, i love it  wise words
@Lambajeanie thanks, I will be posting up more soon 
@LambDahhling Thnx. I thought it was my computer's problem  Im thirsty for new album news )
@LambDahhling yea i just got 2 tonight/mornting so in all i have 4! 
@LAMBDangerZone No Doubt on Kimmel tonight. it's a repeat from last week  Watch it now! 
@LAMBDangerZone Well, I'll just buy you a new batch of chocolates. Something new for your bday. 
@lambertkissesxx Sweet!  Be sure to keep us informed about it with tweets. I'm excited and I'm not even YOU! But I'm excited for you lol
@Lambgirl_83 Well Follow Me Twice! 
@lambgirl3 LOL u get what u need with no crowds 
@lamborghinibow haha! Bow u crazy!  but I like...Y.R.D ;-) bow u blowin ma cell up with cha updates!LOL
@lamborghinibow hey hows it goin, have a awesome day 
@lamborghinibow or me ..whichever 
@lamborghinibow thanks fo coming live bow we appreciate it   ... much luv from ya girl Ebru :p &lt;3
@Lamboswagga21 Okay...hope this is worth it   
@LambT Good luck, T!  Will be tracking your progress!  
@LaMcI Hey laura  youre fine?
@lamcproductions please save some merch for sell online  be great if was personailsed haha~~
@Lamees  law mesh keda ne3mel regression  @remon_z  yeb3atlek el bugs 3al bug tracker.
@lamere I am biased but homebirth ROCKS.  I highly recommend it over birth centre. 
@lamere Ugh. I had 3.5hrs pushing brow-presentation baby, then c-section. Really  want a VBAC. Hope your next goes better  #clothdiapers
@lameymacdonald  You know it's funny but I think I've imagined your voice and what you look like.  Won't recognise you when I see you 
@lameymacdonald Good morning! Will you send us some of that wind? It's getting hot here 
@lameymacdonald hello there 
@lameymacdonald hmmm... probably disjointed would be the closest match.  My free weekend so I will catch up 
@lameymacdonald Huggles! Have a bright sunny day! 
@LAMgraphics i got some italian roast just for you dearie! 
@lamj or her super gorgeous hot husband Ryan Reynolds.  
@LamoniFinlayson Gosh! u talk bout Love?! amazing ! ive read it !  ! u should write a book bout it xDDD have a greaaat daay LaLa
@LamoniFinlayson I HOPE YOU DOOO! a;ldkjfdag, 
@LamoreauxArt @WriterSarah Thanks for the #followfriday love 
@LamoreauxArt agree!  beautiful paintings you create
@lamourfaith Napa Valley was gorgeous! Good weather in SF area  Plus having wine all day is not bad at all &gt;.&gt;
@LampshadeJungle @Hah_Beeb I have a rq from @UneBelleFemme for you coolies to follow her. She super cool 
@LampshadeJungle haha I am glad that I am not alone 
@LampshadeJungle Wow...sounds interesting. 
@LamRobbins Thanks for the retweet Lam! 
@lamunro cruel to be kind is my motto lol  *big hug if you want it*
@lamunro tissues on the way to you right now 
@lamunro you're so kind 
@lana_berry that would be great. thanks 
@lanaclevermomme  uh huh? I'm sending everyone gooseberries and rhubarb for christmas.. course it will be weird cuz I'll have to freeze it
@lanadarling  That's what I had for breakfast  I couldn't go a morning without it 
@lanalanamf hey thanks for following ya 
@lanasuek Too much Chinese food now just means you'll be hungry again in 2 hours 
@lanaveenker It's not as much as I appreciate the information. Thanks! 
@lanayellow Hahahaha, Caitlin finally convince you to join? 
@LANBANxx  Oh man, I can't wait to graduate!!! 
@Lancashireman yerrr I'm awesome thanks! Bought me a house so been doing that up  how's you?
@lance02  It was!   Now waiting for the thunderstorm to come through, that time of year for us!~
@lance02 (posted pics at MizFit) and YES. training wheels and bike and helmet and today its supposed to be 98 degrees. too hot fer bikes 
@lance02 Good Morning Lance! How are you?  Hope you are having a wonderful weekend.
@lance02 I love it! you two are as mature as we! I got tattoo'd yesterday &amp; returned to a Toddler w/her!first!bike! Husband spoils her 
@lance02 we still have many cupcakes left over...send your kids my way 
@lancearmstrong  Aw! Welcome to the world, Max! Congratulations Lance 
@lancearmstrong - I'd say after the Giro, you're entitled to a little comfort food. 
@lancearmstrong  you're on the HOME stretch!  &quot;When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.&quot;  Franklin D. Roosevelt  
@lancearmstrong 1,000,000 
@lancearmstrong congrats on Max - hadn't heard the news. Been in a bubble.  Congrats to you guys!
@lancearmstrong congrats on the son lance !  hope all is well!
@lancearmstrong Congrats to the both of you!  Man he looks just like you, same fierce eyes 
@lancearmstrong congrats!  He's a cutie!  Looks like he is a character already stickinhis ongue out!  
@lancearmstrong Congrats, Lance! Max is sooo cute. 
@lancearmstrong how long does your flight take? i hope you arrive in time for No. 4 
@lancearmstrong i cant wait to be in milan in august 
@lancearmstrong i know you can do it, seen you in ny city marathon:  http://bit.ly/s2d8n. so i say roparun after your retirment 
@lancearmstrong Oh my  That cool man  Nothimg more but laugh  It's better not to speak about his wife 
@lancearmstrong Thanks for your dedication! And for ever Livestrong 
@lancearmstrong Wanker is such an underused term in American English 
@lancearmstrong why do you say french people don't like you ? I am french and i am a big fan of yourself ! 
@lancearmstrong...correction &quot;heck of a few weeks&quot; 
@LanceGross hello Lance! Tell your liver I said &quot;Peace out &amp; get well&quot; ! 
@LanceGross lakers all day everyday!!!!! 
@LanceGross The series is gonna be tied. 3 point game 
@lancejssc I can test that for you 
@lancensolomon why limit your story to 140 ch. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@Lancerman123 alright, i will give you one more chance, but only because i liked talking to you about everyday life. 
@LanceTamashiro Hey there! Sent you an email regarding mrr club. Waiting for your response 
@Land0hLakes hey li'l buddy 
@Landailyn a good point...icky poo would never sell as a cake style 
@Landailyn Thats what that sound was? Heard it all the way up here in MA! 
@landaux For some reason or another, I feel I have maybe seen you somewhere. Hope you're having a good night, thanks for following me. 
@LandersIE Nice. I like that combo 
@Landfrau send leftovers to the redhead in Paducah, KY, USA! 
@Landfrau thank you!  she is so tired tonight, had a very big saturday, lots of bike riding! 
@landis_hotel : Thanks!  Let's see if I can figure this thing out 
@Landish ???, ??? ?????????  ????? ?? ?????
@landrsn you can quit 
@lands4er - Thank you! 
@Landstalker @wilbossman guys if you want the FF7 gameshare you have until 6.50pm to start your download. If you need details, text me 
@landy200x thanks  be safe
@Lane_Kincaid @KDGIRL_NKOTB Kali is a cool dork chica.... 
@Lane_Kincaid Night Lane!!! thank you for today, it was so much fun talking to you! dont forget abt the links! 
@LaneEllen Just got it. Waiting for some sort of verification now. 
@laneescrochet  hey you... life is good   how are you doing?
@lanerellis BRILLIANT! 
@Lanevids oh man you are too nice. 
@laneybellesmama yeah I know -- my kids will be playing in a cardboard box   #jk8
@laneyfitz I'm glad that at least I'm good for something! 
@laneyfitz you are the WIND beneath my wings!!! Thank you SO much for the FB email to the group &amp; your nice Tweets  xo
@laneymg cha yeah;  the same place we met.
@lanfisis Top Office, 119 ... correct 
@LangeFamily It's all good, but it does get confusing  Just be sure to let us know what her new name is!
@langefamily Mrs. Lange, have you thought about getting your own twitter so we can tell who is posting? 
@langfordperr me too, but I wanted Federer to win RG too, it wasn't to Nadal but still he won! He deserved it! 
@langfordperry  Do you make your own sauce? always wish had my grandmother's recipe...homemade yummy is always better 
@langfordperry  hi matt  hollering from indianaaaaa
@langfordperry by the way, just saw u on ellen yesterday. here it's late comparing to usa. u were awesome!!! 
@langfordperry Hey babe thanks for bringing laughter into my life I hope you do that voodoo that you do so well for a long time  luv Nay
@langfordperry hey matthew just thought i would drop by and say hope your doing good and that i love your work  x
@langfordperry Huh? I got the part where Sderling kicked Nadals ass!!!  But directed??? This is gonna annoy me...
@langfordperry I can imagine u saying it 'Yay' aloud.. in Chandler style.. 
@langfordperry I can totally see you saying yayy!  hahaha
@langfordperry I saw Jimmy Reardon! 
@langfordperry i've just watched the xmas episode of studio 60, and i might have shed some happy tears 
@langfordperry Never underestimate the power of red clay... 
@langfordperry omg i love lost aswell ! you probs get a million people saying that ey?  xx
@langfordperry which player do you like more Federer or Nadal? I love Federer, he is the best player ever and he is swiss like me 
@langfordperry wow, I just got to witness it; you hit 800000 - for the record: it was 0.59 german time, so must be 3.59 pm in LA 
@langfordperry Yay! 
@langille Crazy but great  Kids are funny as hell and keep me laughing.
@Langit_Anghel Thanks for ff, must do mine later. Hope you have a great weekend 
@langleyho no way, you are tweeting! OMG! 
@langleyjoel @jenn_langley Hi guys! Guess who has Twitter on her phone now? Me! 
@languageez I'm not sure if this is the correct term but: ????????? 
@Langwitch hooray for you! I'm running blogging session next Thursday for log secs and really excited. J Ronde Cds ready to post to you 
@LaniAR I had to go look for Minx in urban dic - &quot;Cheeky or mischievous girl&quot; ...yeap....that's me 
@LaniAR i'm actually thinking about it 
@Lanie_land  Whatever next? Spandex sounds much funnier!
@lanieblackstone Yay for having fun with Ben Dorian!  Feel free to contribute ideas, Lanie. 
@LanieFuller  nice.  one day i'll buy the seasons. they're on my list.
@laniew the exact one i was thinking of  the bestttt.
@lanipauli Thanks  Books here are so expensive compared to the UK...
@Lannaa i'm going! can't wait  you going out after it?
@LannaGirl nice  I am writing down a list of keywords I can sue so I can get you to tweet  (kidding)
@lanneb Good morning! Thank you for a lovely evening 
@lanniemahoney- that song sounds familiar 
@lannydoodle ;) awhh wait what's your tumbler link thing 
@lannydoodle haha Nick makes the funniest faces 
@lannydoodle me of alot of good times, especially during the summer. And that is awesome that Nick is going for that because it's working 
@lanterconnie Ha! Yes, you're probably right. 
@Lanyy courage 
@lanzone Fortunately, it's not too late for either of us 
@LaoChiGirl omg it's so nice to know someone else still has a full week of skewl left 
@laowai Oops! I assumed Windoze as you'd moved to the dark side 
@lapalmsam I know -- I'm not happy with this now! Can't be mad at them though, not with those pretty faces. 
@lapcat Need to send 'em to my accountant tomorrow. Oddly, I wasn't even referring to my taxes. Those are supporting evidence, though. 
@LaPetiteSirene http://twitpic.com/7hn1w - OMB! Whacko is her nickname for sure!  She is a trip!
@lapetropoulos Thanks for the #followart, LeeAnn! 
@lapilofu *draws on the outside of your shell in magic marker*  How's tomorrow look? Game nighth?
@lapix I'm thinking nothing  Facebook is the devil...
@lapix Thanks Ennio 
@Lapp it's the cheese that I can't do, but I do the other stuff. I could just get a sandwich instead 
@LaPrincipessa you SAU!  i stood up at 8. then off to offenbach, home. outside. sunshine. love you. 
@lapsedcannibal that almost sounds like it could be the title of a new comic book series 
@Laptop_Guy gutted xD i hope it doesn't rain for you 
@laptoplover I recognise you... who are you?  Other than a fellow #rdg peep
@laqueshaa and that you used a new product that SUCKED PENIS 
@lar103081 I'm on cup 2.  
@lar103081 what are you up to? 
@lar206 just saw a baby blue regal with the word &quot;SLAB&quot; written in huge letters on the side  hahaaaa
@Lara_Fletcher Yay Ice Cream!! 
@Lara_Miller ... you are very welcome Lara 
@lara_not_croft i will, honey 
@laraaine  YOU ARE LOVED.
@larabehnert construction workers are generally the most credible sources for a project. much more so than the marketing or sales folks 
@laracasey: LOVE you walking us through this event. So fun. Blue water. Surplus of donuts... what a great night! 
@larachara  http://bit.ly/FgSM4
@laraeakins Holy cow...could be a long evening...coffee may be needed to finish watching. 
@larafeldman Hey baby cakes  Mildly jealous of your driving ability (&gt;.&lt;)
@larainefan Thanks Alicia  I'm off from work today and enjoying a completely LAZY day with the kids watching movies 
@larainefan That's a great picture of you and Holly...Very cute. 
@LaraK the online ID calculator is a really cool tool....thanks for sharing! 
@larakulpa yes, the show was a bit over the top. (tho maybe i was making jokes out of fear 
@laraluzel hows work sis?  see you soon! panu na plan natin? gameplan..
@laramones eu vi a foto do seu bg do twitter lah no kutz. Fik linda *.* [mas vs jah eh linda  ] TWITTER INVASION!!! \o/
@Larann Next week it is! I'll be down Saturday sometime! 
@lararatnaraja True - everyone else is mad, so he looked so normal. Can't wait til next Sunday now. 
@larasati Is ur time coming soon??? 
@larasati that's cool, looking forward to your visit. Hopefully your bro will have a good time in Jakarta 
@larasati welcome back! 
@larasbathtub  hi i see you like Tom waits  why not try listening to this..it's very tom waits..http://tinyurl.com/b2pn3o 
@LaraSc0tt Possibly, I'm not sure where he's at right now 
@LaraTizzy http://twitpic.com/7gcdn - Awwww. Jared looks so cute here  Yey Jareddd
@larawannabe First day of work, eh? Good luck  http://myloc.me/2Ylf
@larbor good flight. First impression: stamps. I feel at home already 
@larbunny Lets go!! Im ready...Callabasses here we come 
@LaRees Great advice! I found a pretty awesome Mexican place tucked away in a Chillicothe strip mall. Thanks 
@lareine27 i am! im pmsing too. must be in the water.  i bought chocolate and caramel mixed pudding.... heavenly!!
@larenin do itttt. 
@largeamounts07 but that sounds good too!!!  at least I can have a virgin version yum 
@largopredator Good luck with the interview! I'll be rooting for you 
@largopredator yeahhh Tim, sounds that it could become a catchy tune or lets say a radio hit 
@LaRhythm LOL! Agreed! Thanks! I'll try to- my mobile client can't DM- but I'll see what I can do! Thank you! 
@LariiTran nrl.com. 
@LariiTran, i don't know if the rob &amp; kristen thing is true, but i hope so. 
@larinalou Finish marking then read. I can help you mark. But I may turn out to be a distraction. Especially if I give you a back massage 
@larissa_rene let's eat enchiladas 
@Larissa_SG  gah! sounds rough! u know where to find me if u ever need to unload or anything  we can move to mail as usual 
@Larissa_SG @FSteven ok, since both of you were such nice counsellors *cough* i shall vote my booty off for both of you. 
@LaritaRaquel hii! I'm gd thnx, how r u? 
@larizanchetim http://twitpic.com/6aj05 - Cool!!! Love it 
@larizzard Thats good then  i go to St Marys. Great school. you should consider it...
@Lark_vamp_ *hugs* Its no poblem, like I said, it's the least we could do 
@Lark_vamp_ I will ask her and tell her all about you joining! 
@Lark_vamp_ Im so happy u r back  my day has been so boring.
@Lark_vamp_ Yes it does! No more mess 
@lark77 I seem to se a lot of the crap movies with you.  I think this one was the best of all.  especially since we knew it was crap
@larkchase thanks for making my day. It was great seeing you 
@larking sorry, which one was weird? I can e-mail it to you 
@larkinguitar welcome on twitter, Brian! 
@Larkn0298 @SweetConcoction You two have no idea how much I needed that right now.  Both of you enrich me.
@Larkn0298 hope you manage to get some U time over the weekend then!! I had better get to bed - the bags under are mega!! 
@LarLa77 Then just go there, websites are easy to get through with any web browser. 
@Larnowillo shocker 
@larnsriver hey afternoon 
@larnsriver hmmm... sorry bwt your day.... chill pill? kiddin' smile 
@larnsriver i tried that..doesn't work...i can't sleep not until the sun is up =( but go ahead i'll text u in the am  nite!!!
@larnsriver i'm listening to you right now 
@laroux74 Hope your doing good babe  good tune!
@larrinski   Good on ya  Just go for it!
@larrioux Aha the mom super power - guilt 
@larrioux thanks 
@larry_david your material is inventive, intelligent and absolutely HILARIOUS --&gt; can't wait for the new season of Curb 
@Larry_Keigwin I can't wait for your classes at Peridanceee 
@Larry_M_Summers a little of Column A and a little of Column B. 
@larry411 Cool! Love that movie  it has a great cast.
@LarryBerezin Hey Larry, great to hear from you my new friend  Thanks for reaching out... t
@larryblamire Mr. Blamire thanks for the mention, it's an honor.   Your Steam Wars illustrations are awesome!!!
@larrybloch Yeah, I'll get to it  Thanks for writing, in any event
@larrycincy  We met at Red Robin up in Union Ctr.  Missed the parking lot issues 
@larryczerwonka @sensible lolz  *Winks*
@LarryFlick LOL you guys were KILLIN' ME this morning during my morning drive. SO FUNNY!!! 
@LarryFlick that's a good song.   I know someone who needs to hear it, just might push the url over to him.
@larryheim Bye, Have fun! Stumptown if there's room in your bag 
@larryhudson Yep, most recent order was in Oct 08. Bought a 1TB HDD and 2GB Ram for ~$300. Speedy arrival too. 
@LarryJoe88 I like her. Still I think you as American get far more deeper with this experience. Some songs gives me strong emotions. 
@LarryLegend314 get off of twitter 
@larrylin  absolutely 
@larrymwalkerjr I guess we could have gotten Reba McItyre instead   Gretchen Wilson?  &lt;just kidding&gt;
@LarryRamos LOL i do but i'll never say no to more friends  where abouts u from?
@larrywanzer That speedometer is huge. No excuses when the cop pulls you over for speeding. Nice looking car, BTW. Chick magnet 
@LarryWentz: verrry good tip 
@larsauswsw Bin in Frankfurt gerade 
@larsenmarit &quot;If a song could let me down, I'd scream my way, away from you&quot;  hey it could work 
@larsenmarit ... Elvira Nikolaisen etc. Dreams are a reflection of the day you've had  so probably this was it  just funny  take care!
@larsenmarit Sounds good.  Have a safe flight. 
@LarsErikTDR You know whaen there is argentinians there is trouble even more is they're fans of sth.. Haha i'm Arg too! nice read 
@lartist Digging your work more and more. Just thought you'd like to know. 
@lartist Thanks!! Clearly I've been comparing notes with the wrong crowd of people up until now. 
@lartist What a daffy person you are.  
@lartist You totally just broke me 
@larushka glad you liked them!!! thanks 
@Lary_aku hard.... I love all McFly. But Danny too  for the same reasons 
@laryissa In a fridge,  of course, carried by super-speedy pigeons 
@LaryLittle That's nice 
@larz_meagain hahaha, the second account!  OK.
@las_vegas_grl83 I go out to hide from everyone, my house is the first place they'd look 
@lasalsaqueen your face is fine! As long as you continue to have God shine out of you then you'll be fine 
@Lashannerz but Niley is cute too 
@lasiaf got it at Habib Salem electricals in Al Ghubrah 
@LasiaNicole I had to for camp. I never thought i would. But i did... 
@lasiren haha meeeee too 
@LAsnark was the meeting about &quot;this is what not to do when organizing a blog&quot;?  thx!
@LASocialite Here's my big-room club demo: http://bit.ly/jcLZ2 . I've got some more chill mixes, just let me know what your'e looking for 
@lasoundmixer well, thanks. 
@Lassam hehehe   Who's Wojniak?
@Lassam Ya i fully can...will txt him now 
@lassemarius yum yum.. I just had some couscous and adana kebabs  yum
@LasseStilvang Your english is exceptional! 
@LassoOfTruth Abominable Dr Phibes?! The Tingler? The Last Man On Earth?  Those are my favorite Vincent Price movies. Recommend, baby 
@Last_Christians UR welcome!!! 
@last_twilite @Spirit426 Thanks for following me!    How are you two doing this evening?
@lastfastaction oh and i got some pretty good pics too 
@lastfm Good job, guys! Also, thx 4 bringing the servers back online as quickly as you did yesterday 
@lastfm Hey, it's cool bro, take your time. 
@lastfm Oh Noes!!! Last.fm is down. Fix it soon guys 
@lastfm We missed you as well, I didn't know what to do last night with the offline site!!! 
@lastkaled ooh you lucky thing- hope the weather holds for you 
@Lastoadri  yes I meant it  .. and I found a great one supporting Arabic   http://is.gd/xea7
@Lastoadri ohh .. take a hide everyone  lollll
@Lastoadri or maybe start your own Arabic teaching podcast? 
@lastsong13 Ohh green days new song. Thank you 
@Lastwanderer and I'm glad you agree with me, General. 
@lastyleunveiled - thanks for the follow friday!  you put me in such great company...LOVE all those girls!  and shutters  
@Latasha4destiny Thanks from earlier 
@latashaboyd Oh ok, i knew you wouldn't, just thought maybe you were on a delay like with mine  Did u speak to him? he never text me back
@LaTashaChanel LOL, sorry I have a job &amp; am not able to Twitter all day... 
@LatasiaElise awww sweet heart, you can come lay with me next time I have two covers and a big bed  lol
@LaTati Good Wife but CUAIMA , I wanna know what Pablo is thinking 
@Late2thePartee  http://bit.ly/KpnZ4   Trying to get @samueltwitt1 's numbers up 
@Late2thePartee did I miss anything? 
@Late2thePartee feeling any better hon? 
@Late2thePartee OOOH yeah!  Post the Robsten photos   Nothing could make my sunday better!
@LaTeaDolly So he sews better than you? At least the best thing about it is you both learn together. 
@lateralacid hehe. If I had a lounge big enough... 
@Lates Good Boy! Gold Star for Leighton  x
@Lates It really is!! 
@Lates Ooooh you are busy boy! Good Luck! Yeh I slept ok, yeh I am ok.  xx
@latesa Morning Girlie  I am so happy you are able to eat!!! THAT makes me super happy!!! You are in my thoughts &amp; prayers...HAVA GR8 DAY!
@LatexFetish Thank you for adding me 
@LatexGirlsHD just got geekologie.com to see all starwars and startrek ones 
@LAtheDJ  No you'd have to keep the American accent, I do love the accent you guys have  x
@latifaM Sorry if I caused you any inconv.  TC &amp; Bye. -Srikanth
@latifaM Sorry if I gave you any inconv.  Take care. Bye. -Srikanth
@latifaM Thanks to you a lot of good has happened. You won't know what good you have done... 
@latigidphotos Hey Fred, thanks for the watch  are you on deviantart?
@LATimestot Hello from Vancouver, Canada  How are you doing? 
@LATimestravel http://www.exploroo.com/ New Australian travel Website!!! travel with the Roo! @Exploroo 
@latinabeatz gurl.......WELL SAID! 
@latinabeatz hair tie...in EFFECT!!!! 
@latinabeatz just say no! That food doesn't taste as good as being healty feels  (at least that's what I try to believe, anyway LOL)
@latinalonestar I'm completely out of white vinegar. I need to get some more. 
@LatinaNichelle4 do you have a site? I'd love to hear your music 
@latinanichelle4 word around the camp fire is that your sick. Hope you feel better 
@latinavanessa I'm sooo ready for a beautifyl day 
@latinflo Jesus from two years ago!!! godspeed and hope the day fixes itself with a Brinks trunk explosion &amp; you are downwind 
@latinoboi1988 idk...its just something about that color...but how u know CiCi and CB were the 2???LOL...u getting into ma mind and shitt 
@latinoboi1988 whatever!! u like it foreal! 
@LatinoPolitics sounds good.  let's do that.  can you come to me as I'm not going to have wheels?  
@latinprince indeed 
@latinqttwitts4u Know what you mean...it's been raining a lot where I'm at too 
@latinscorpio92: i am extremely full. 
@LatinSoulChild u nasty gural.... LMAO 
@latisha, @saritamar Thanks!  definitely great meeting!
@LaTiSha81 I knew you would be happy 
@LaToyia09XOXO your tweet was just included in The Longest Poem in the World www.longestpoemintheworld.com/tweet/16122/ 
@LaTrica_  Nothing much.. About to lay down for the evening.. Its okay.. We must converse soon .. Looking forward to getting to know you 
@latriciabrand She's got the look starts this Wednesday right after the cougar 
@LatteArtPR Half bottle? That only fills 2 glasses? 
@Lau024 I have no idea what I'm doing haha 
@laubow_  @tommcfly lol oooh yes, Laura makes a vair good point. It would be amazing. 
@laubow_ ahhh CAMP HARRY! HAHAHA OH MY GOD THAT MAN! hahaaaaa. And the woman with the green faded hair!  And David Walliams lookalike! 
@laubow_ Hahaa thats okay. I am too, and I'll be singing along as well 
@laubow_ lol why thank you  We willlll!
@laubow_ oh yeah I remember that! I am so, soooo proud of them 
@laubow_ thanks  Hope so. I'll be ok soon, just having a rough night  Thanks for cheering me up a bit 
@laubow_ yay! okay ill just pop over there 
@lauderdizzle its funny how often OT is *compulsory*.  Saying no is death to your work rep 
@laughablelizz im cleaning sarahs room 
@LaughingHar78d Welcome to the world of Twitter. 
@LaughingPuffin have decided to stop following you. Norway is the place to be now... 
@laughingyogini True! Is that a big discussion on Twitter right now? Just took me by surprise is all. 
@LaughItOff no Celiac diagnosis, just the autoimmune thyroid. elimination diet was proof enough for me. &amp; yes, Sarasota is fab. 
@LaughItUp Thanx for following.  We follow back  
@laughlovelive88 I luv u and @LShep24  maybe @val_trigeiagrl if she let's herself?
@laughscreamsing yes. it will be a bit better. 
@Laulau2k Wish we had a beach, Wish we had a beach, Wish we had a beach.......LUCKY! 
@laumab Definitely a fun party! 
@launchgum confidence, bravery, or stupidity lmao  I bet it'll be bad ass
@launchgum Thx! Hey, come knocking if you want to commiserate missing big Monster tweetup  What BIG things are you up to instead?!
@launchgum Why did I know you'd be the first to offer capital?! Seriously - you will be impressed by what he came up w/ all on his own. 
@laundrymat haha its cooool  tuyet says im not cool enough for twitter :L
@laura_20 is pickin me up !! we about to go to ac 
@Laura_Crane Me hey  this is my first ever message haha. Head still hearting :-|? x
@laura_eyedea ~ ta  curious to hear what you'll think  #drupal is VERY different from working with WP.....
@laura_eyedea Luck Lady, and I bet the sun is shining 
@laura_eyedea No problem hehhee 
@Laura_lou27 happy to see you were still tweeting  I'm all bedheady 
@Laura_lou27 it's a long hair thing 
@Laura_Maloney I'm loving the baby care range already. I'd love to meet up with you. Will check my calendar and let you know. 
@Laura_McAuliffe errrrr oops, i could possibly me mistaken  i didnt know any Aussies follwed me lol.
@Laura_McAuliffe yeah, hard to complain when you can do so many things with them 
@laura_thompson i love how ghetto i sound on here i really am educated  joe making me silly in my ears singing....he do that to me 
@Laura_Thurston You should read Dewey 
@laura_waldorf WHAT?! 
@laura0141 - Thank you 
@Laura2910 heh thx. Was just gonna say please 
@Laura3620 ok if you insist 
@lauraaaaah A group of people naked  woooh
@LauraACaldwell Rick Kogan did our benefit auction in October!  Cool guy.  
@lauraAHchooo J/K, i'm sure we've got somethin' 
@Lauraawr_x catch it then  x
@laurabarton throttle you  muaah. =
@laurabear09 good, good. I was worried. About to call Dr. House but apparently, you handled it pretty well 
@laurabergerol but keep it up - people like you inspire me 
@laurabergerol I've got a few days of downtime before she comes home - and I think I'm going to make myself enjoy them. 
@laurabergerol Thanks for the follow 
@Laurabeth6 i agree; too young to cope with it all. i dont want susan boyle to win.. pretty much my winners are same as yours (Y) 
@LauraBlue58 oh sure your not unsure anymore...lol...hello Laura 
@lauraboffin I'd say let's meet for half an hour and be badass but everywhere is closed ennit... Just behave lady 
@laurabrookes cool isn't it  yay I'm gunna start usuing this twitted milarky to stalk zacc efron
@LauraCal Welcome to the skype orgy 
@Lauracar89 i'm just chillin this summer too. i've been drinking Mai Tais in the pool...aaahhhh, i love summer 
@lauracarneyxo i agree as well; david &amp; demi in TO would be an AMAZING show 
@Lauracarneyxo I loves you. Cant wait to see David with you! His two favorite girls 
@lauracarneyxo yeh yeh, message or email me at alexandracrenian@gmail.com! 
@lauracmcintyre please do.  He'll prolly be fine as long as there's nothing sharp 
@LauraCorbieres Totally agree.  I have to watch my weight so I am very careful mostly but occasionally I like to spoil myself 
@lauracward Photo needed  Roll on Manchester. Not too long now.
@LauraDark 100pre recien llege a los 10mil twits tb 
@lauradaughtry &quot;Slept in until 11am... I guess that's what happens when you stay up until 4am.&quot; @thepalmgifts GOOD FOR YOU!! 
@lauradawg Nadine calls herself Irish 
@lauradawg She is actually the funniest contestant EVER I think! 
@lauradawg Yay, you're cool! 
@lauradee LOL! Fab  hope you had a great time anyway - btw i'm coming to see you guys next week, hope i get to say hello in person 
@lauradesign thnx 
@Lauradorax3 in that case according to Joe Jonas...you poned yourself  BAM! *Inspired&lt;3*
@lauradownie Soz its sch short notice bt i totally forgot to tell u! My 16th is on Sat 13th June at 7:30-12 at Westfield Hall  xx
@laurads_ I love the cute mushrooms on your site 
@lauraduhaime @DocLG @TheTAZZone @mmangen @bradgal Ur welcome &amp; my pleasure! 
@lauraduhaime NP. I loooove vistaprint deals. 
@laurae01 you were not.  hahaha. BTW...ur welcome. Hope you are enjoying Sims.
@lauraeatworld http://twitpic.com/6uv8k -  So jealous!!
@lauraeatworld yayyyy!!! welcome to the pierced nose club!!! 
@lauraEchilds  my soundtrack is playing a happy song!
@lauraEchilds I did not do it in the end!! Tomorrow morning  then I will twitpic you!
@LauraESell THANKS! 
@LauraFaiss Cool that's what I thought you were working on. Can't wait to see it  I bet it will turn out really awesome 
@LauraFaiss Only a few days left till your birthday 
@laurafaymarie ugh ... not being able to sleep is he worst! hope you get some rest soon 
@Laurafreedman well I had a lovely lie in, had a big breakfast and now watching ghostbusters 
@laurag_ hey girl  i'm good thanks , how about you ? do you have something new ?
@lauragofton You're welcome Laura, glad you enjoyed it. 
@laurahey Congrats, girl!!  You give me hope.  
@laurahhawaii Heyy!! how are youu girl?!! 
@LaurahOC ikr! Can't believe you didnt get caught at all! And yeah all cool  haha
@laurahollywood have fun, my Dear! 
@lauraigomez yeah same thing happened to me 
@laurairmis They ARE that good - in fact, better than most other cereals (and one of my favs)   You ARE healthy!
@LauraJames3 @Barron00 You are so fashionable! Woof, woof indeed!  THANK YOU! A SPECIAL WOOFIE WOOF TO U!
@LauraJonesDunn How joyful! 
@LauraJSilverman we all need a little Cat Deely love 
@laurajubee havent said HI in a while  como estas? how's the GeeWon? 
@LauraK1984 ahhh yay you remembered how to do the @ stuff!  I love u too!
@laurak308 BUT.. tomorrow Sims3 Comes out! 
@LauraKatherineH It's this person that makes you tube videos haha he's way funny 
@laurakfrancis heh thanks laura  hows it going with yours?!
@laurakim123 i have G&amp;D PJs that say &quot;I understand. I just don't care&quot; - my fav 
@laurakim123 If u're feeling ill u should be at home resting...which I bet you aren't, costing ur company money in lack of productivity. 
@laurakim123 Morning Lau!  How's your Monday going so far? 
@LauraKnapp - hola my darling  thank you so much! Yes we MUST go and grab a bite to eat 
@laurakopp Indeed I am - first time burner 
@LauraKRobinson Welcome  but I don't know what I did...
@lauralawrah IM POSITIVE THAT I AM THINKIN ABOUT WHAT U ARE TALKNG ABOUT AND IT MAKES ME SO HAPPY THAT I CANT USE WORDS TP EXPLAIN IT!!! 
@LauraLeeShaw Thank you...I think! 
@LauraLilyan Lol World of Warcraft 
@lauraliveson The guy whose office is next to mine is named Wendel, but the secretary renamed him Wilbur, so I guess Wendel is available 
@LauralKGW i don't watch it, and never really cared to.. so you may be 'lost', but you're not alone. 
@LauralKGW I go to SLC for 12 days and all kinds of things happen around here.   I wonder what I've missed. 
@LauralKGW It wouldn't be Easter in the Portland area if there wasn't rain.  I have 18 years of experience in it. 
@LauralKGW You're cool in my book because you actually follow people, update regularly and participate in conversations w/ your followers 
@lauralollipop apparently your music sucks. 
@lauralovelady hope y'all have so so so much fun!  Can't wait to see the pics 
@lauralovesart If you can meet me at the Nice train station in the next two hours....sure 
@lauralovesart I'll get you upgraded today. It's been a very busy week for me. I'll be working all weekend. Feel free to call me. 
@LauraLxox Hey! I liked it!!!! I subscribed to the channel 
@LauraLxox now your talking to me 
@lauram68 woo! save money for BEA....we can settle up afterwards....concert not til July 
@lauram68 Your Rebecca? LOL u daughter's named that too? Wow nice coincidence! 
@LauraMcShane Sugar, sugar, sugar, milk milk milk, as little tea as possible! 
@lauramillz88 well... me and laura are, you aren't 
@lauramumford haha, don't worry my twitter friend, no 1 knows what they are doing at first 
@laurange You better believe it  Don't panic! There's still time!
@lauranicol You can get married to me and Brittani if you want   lol
@lauranjustine WTF I'm retarded at this whole twitter thing But um I'm going to SD 
@LaurAnnThompson r u at sport&amp;health? I'd like it more if they had a pool. 
@LauraNo Booking a trip by myself (sans husband, friends, family)...a &quot;sabbatical&quot; of sorts. Kinda scary, but exciting. 
@lauranovak have a giveaway for a very, very lucky person 
@lauraoatning thanks Laura, I've done just that  and I added the link to my toolbar.
@lauraocl oooh, but ew nooo, i don't see it anyway lol, kellan is gorgeousssss!! 
@Laurapacu Hey I didn't know you were on here! Welcome to twitter 
@LauraParker1 Was just about to respond. ur welcome. Some very into this, not me. Have better things to do, like boat and golf 
@laurapasik @athletesathlete @ddrdiva - YESSS! All the time!  Do I look like that type of girl?! lol
@laurapasik @ddrdiva @that70sgrl amen to that  smart femal trainer power!!!!!
@LauraPls THAT IS THE CUTEST PICTURE 
@LauraRepetti hahaha, same! i wanna see it again... have you seen the pic of Zac and JB? hottest. pic. ever. hahah. 
@LauraRIOT copy/paste and MMS at last  02 are in the process of setting up picture msging for all iPhone users!! Mines done!
@laurarose15 well i suppose it's only fair that you get some of the lemons for once 
@lauras cheers mate .. appreciate ur help 
@laurasaurusrexx  its so epic and creepy and amazing XD
@laurasaurusrexx Bish I added you on Daily Booth 
@lauraschulz Telll me about it, On I5 first come the trees, trees more trees. sprawling greens in midst of desert does get boring 
@Laurash7 miss tg-jiu? you are joking 
@laurasmannequin YAY you should  they're awesome 
@LauraSpragge  Thanks! I'll check it out. 
@laurathe Come on, it was not that bad 
@Lauratheexpat I got &quot;gatvol&quot; of work and went gardening. Back now with soil under my fingernails 
@Lauratheexpat isn't a bit of little britain in all of us? 
@Lauratheexpat very very cute  and fun to watch.
@Laurathesmall I watched that night before last, Greg goes to my cousins school 
@LauraTompkins Hahahahaha yeah  wannabe's.
@lauratoogood Aww... you're , ummm... toogood!! 
@lauratoogood i did, thanks laura 
@lauratrevey  Lovely paintings. They make me want to go on vacation. 
@LauraTrib morning - hope its a good one for you and tiredness lifts soon 
@LauraTrib thanks Laura! Hope you have a good day 
@LauraTrix always the best way to start the day 
@LauraVicious ah no need ti explain i gotta pair of pink lace up vans for $6  good buy..
@laurawalkerxo awwww. have you spoken to kelsey yet? or phone still off? also, shall i go get this glow in the dark paint? 
@laurawalkerxo i hate town haha,who you there with 
@LauraWhittaker ...and he gets to meet loads of sci-fi celebrities and other geeks! It's so funny 
@LauraWhittaker i would pay good money to see that 
@laurawilbury awesome  sounds goooood. i can't wait.
@laurawrsaurus Well, the smaller ones are the more poisonous ones! Their teeth just can't puncture skin 
@LauReality I think so! I think anything goes with wine. 
@lauredhel up to you  I'm happy to fiddle with wording, tho not precious about you making changes . Just wanted to check in...
@laureeeennnn can i borrow your twilight dvd please? 
@LaurelBunny your english is just fine... don't worry about it 
@LaurelPetriello Nope the airport doesn't count. I have a martini place in mind just for you  We're so going.
@laureltouby It's a good thing you missed the bb game 
@Lauren__King Let's just say we love their whole album 
@Lauren_Belfoy looking forward to your tweets , keep in touch. www.chrisnathan.com  Soulful shiiizzzzz 
@Lauren_Kotlarcz snaps, snaps...deep that's deep girl 
@Lauren_lolly_ lol! I couldn't keep up! Thought there was at least 4 
@Lauren_lolly_ The cat seems to think so. 
@Lauren_Q lol i wish i could hav dont tht instead of goin 2 skool 
@lauren_thurman it was a re-run on tv...im at my aunts right by forest hill. yes there was audio, it was good 
@lauren_tk 'the right track' on a SharePoint project?  You mean they convinced them to get off of it?  
@lauren0740 It's this drama murder mystery on every Saturday night. I love it  It's really good...And the self-tanner's a go?
@lauren80h8 hi its tweetyjobro  from youtube
@LAUREN8OH8 haha, i know. i saw that last night. great way to fall asleep 
@Laurena246 welcome back 
@laurenabarlow Its my dream to go to Italy to!! 
@laurenaked I'm ready for that too!!!! 
@laurenalyse11@giannnaaxP @Lyndsey10 I love you all! 
@laurenantonio I LOVE BEYONCE. WE ALL LOVE BEYONCE. and i have her entire cd the deluxe version if you wanna copy. 
@LaurenBakarian: i miss you 
@laurenbenson Good to know!  Now if only I could get my relocating moving along maybe I could take advantage of the housing rates.
@LaurenBosworth Can't wait! 
@LaurenBosworth Lo I need 2 know r heidi and Lauren friends now   BTW luv u!
@LaurenBosworth the hills finale is going to be amazing i am so EXCITED 
@LaurenBosworth Your awsome it would mean alot to me if you replied 
@LaurenCastillo Ahaha thats awesome. 
@laurencehill  cool  cheers
@laurencenotso come lodge 
@laurenceobrien Thank you  xo
@laurencepatrick The kinds of libraries are BORING, BORING-ER, BORING-EST. Haha! 
@LaurenConrad  OMGGG i love u lauren conradd!  ur my idol! Your such an inspiration and i hope to be successful like you! xoxox
@LaurenConrad .. the finale was amazing &amp; you looked beautiful at the awards.  I'll miss you on the hills &amp; I'm stoked about LA candy!
@LaurenConrad aw good luck!! you'll do fine Lauren! 
@LaurenConrad can u plz give me a shout out my names amalia marsia thankss 
@laurenconrad congratulations on your freedom  i'll miss watching you though!
@LaurenConrad do you think you will be coming to the UK, any time soon. please please do. i would love to meet you  your an insperation to
@LaurenConrad hahaha, she's so cool!  xx
@LaurenConrad Have fun!! 
@LaurenConrad hey lauren I'm a huge fan of urs 
@LaurenConrad hey what book did you write?? im here in ireland so im waaaay outta the loop! haha 
@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - thats really cute and im loving stephanies head band 
@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/6otml - ooooh imma read it 
@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/794aw - FOLLOW ME 
@LaurenConrad I am so goin to miss watchin you on 'The Hills&quot; good luck with everything you do!!  
@LaurenConrad I just watched the after show episode 9... it was so sad! You looked real pretty  I hope you come on the show as a cameo!
@LaurenConrad I was at the Habitat event responsible for Pics (partly  Let me know if you want!! Chow
@LaurenConrad those are lyrics from &quot;Put On Billie&quot; by the Pierces 
@LaurenConrad What's the reading for? 
@LaurenConrad wow gurl  when ur book is in stores in Finland?? ur my fav in the Hills haha
@LaurenConrad yess u take a lot of pix and upload them wanna see everything abt ur tour 
@LaurenConrad you are 1,000,000,000,000,000 times better than heidi montag!!! 
@LaurenConrad You should see June in Ireland! The weather is crazy 
@LaurenCooper Tell me about it! 
@LaurenCrace That's good  Looking forward to seeing you in your next TV project, how is it going?
@laurencruz Thanks Gel! 
@laurencyrus1 HELLO ! its been a whole day ;; how are you ?? 
@laurendane That's pretty much what I did, but with TNR 12. I should probably stop tinkering with the header view and just write. 
@LaurenDayMakeup @LaurenDayMakeup yeah i know what you mean. the ppl that follow me who actually care talk to me  i am glad your 1 of them
@LaurenDayMakeup awe sounds like fun  you will love it kellie talks about almost getting a ticket and so much more 
@LaurenDayMakeup did u see @therealpickler on @theellenshow ? haha she is tooo funny 
@laurendaymakeup thank you so much!! you're the best  your friendship really means so much to me  i miss you so much!
@LaurenDayMakeup we will make it happen diddy will have 1million followers! We are also trying to get @dawnrichard to 90k by monday 
@LaurenDJohnson maybe you could have just bought her a flower or something 
@LaurenElkind No, no.  He's just doing his job.  Yours is helping people feel better.  His is chasing deer.  
@laurenevail go free trade - I love &quot;Just Us!&quot; brand 
@laurenfarmer @katieschenk I just did a lipdub. god help me. This is what happens when you refuse my fun ideas - i have to go solo 
@LaurenGent you have to go to Twitpic.com and upload an image there, it will pop up in your twitter feed 
@LaurenGestaten hey! welcome  I'm also very new to this!it feels like a slow chatroom
@laurenglennon Meat Loaf made me cry on House, too   now he's on Twitter!  check it out: @RealMeatLoaf
@laurenglennon studying = the man's way of controlling your mind, braw. 
@laurengreen15 is officially stalking me even tho she only has 140 characters to do so haha x 
@laurengreen15 you're officially a 2 year old! now go watch Terminator! NOW 
@LaurenGroeschel haha poor mullet! i'd cut your hair for free if you like simple hair cuts! and everyone can see it  you can do direct tho
@laurengruenbaum yeah dudeee I'm fo serious. after I get my light kit haha then I shall. 
@laurenharp good luck grly!! Baby casey and I are praying for u  u will do gr8. Keep In touch!
@laurenhoots oh holla! you're picking up on my &quot;foolishness&quot; line 
@laurenkate22 http://twitpic.com/6atzv - Secrret Forest... is that the sequel to Secret Garden? Wicked cool pic though 
@laurenkayw did you find the vitamin water? im so cheeky 
@LaurenKConrad heyy hunn, you are gawjuz, &amp; love the hills &amp; laguna beach  how are you? xoxo
@laurenkel pancakes!! with lemon and sugar thanks! 
@laurenkovar I love that song! I was listening to it earlier 
@LaurenKrummel Tea was a fabulous choice this Monday morning 
@laurenlgreen thanks! For sure lunch! Love you too! And @michaelram thanks! 
@laurenlim er yea am i doubly awesome now? 
@LaurenLuvsATL haha i just watched the dj rossstar interview with atl! omfg. that was so funny!  i was laughing the whole time. haha
@LaurenLynne63 good deal! Tell her hey for me! Hope y'all had a great dinner 
@LaurenLynne63 i did the same thing last week 
@LaurenLynne63 my friends work for tmz and would pay a few hundred dollars for pix or footage. Just fyi.   http://myloc.me/29XV
@LaurenLynne63 other little know fact Jonathan Papelbon (Red Sox Pitcher) lives around the corner from me too 
@laurenmarcelle I can't text. My phone died and I'm not home. So... thought you should know that.... love you! 
@laurenmccown omg yay  ill have to get it when my next paycheck comes...only one more week! ahahah im still excited
@LaurenMGraham lol thanks! I took a practice while watching my talk shows and got a 530, so I'm not too worried, but I'm studying anyways 
@laurenmontonen I DIDDDD. I MET THEM AGAIN 
@laurennlee haha very nice  So are you coming tomorrow??
@laurennnlin I'm sending you a video in a direct message so make sure you get on the cpu and look at it. You will scream! 
@laurennnloveee ok cool thanx. and i almost have the ride situation figured out 
@Laurennnn__ haha, yes, very scary ! xD haha, aw, thank you, lmao  your just like a girl i know, Kayla... 
@Laurennnn__ naw, hahah, i know you  how are you ?
@Laurennnn__ thanks rendigitty 
@Laurennnn__ um, since around september last year, i think. how about you ? 
@LaurennX no i mean the jjonas movie 
@laurenoostveen haha! all the more reason to get one.   #kermitcard
@laurenparadiso MISS YOU girl! * xoxo--- Much Love!! 
@laurenparadiso omg the video rocks congrats !! u look so cute   i know paradiso girls will make it big time !! hugs from mexico
@LaurenPike_ yeah, five too. at least i don't have any until wednesday though 
@Laurenritchie Hannah is whining, pacing... Cuz u took the gc. 
@LaurenRosenblum @christinaritza @pewpewpew @_ZL New $11.11 Concert Tix Added - Thought I'd give you guys the heads up.  Dealcetera.com
@laurensabine I hope you allowed photographs!  What did you have to eat?
@laurensaysrawrr oh yeah that. have fun with it. im so glad im in medical foundations and dont have to do that. 
@laurensbite Forks wow! Awesome opportunity!  Terrible for hair but awesome opportunity! LOL take lots of pics 
@laurensbite good call. I resisted blocking anons for a LONG time but the blog is a better place since they left  Anons = Cowards mostly
@laurensbite Ooh hope it turns out nicely  Twitpic? ;)
@LaurenScala It was sooo good, very touching!  I'm sure they'll replay it soon  Definitely catch it if you can.
@laurenself have fun....if anyone assaults u again kick them in their taint 
@laurensmash i think you have to have kids to like it - all of the suspense was in &quot;what if that was me?!&quot;  i liked it, of course.  
@laurensnyder thank you!! 
@laurenswitzer I love taking back sunday! That's so awesome! But not as awesome as the phone call you received Saturday night 
@laurentchambon More than we can say about the grammar, beat &amp; lyrics 
@laurentess i can't wait either! 
@laurenthebeast hah i got the collectors addition..i cnt wait to play 
@Laurentiius Jesus is the 2nd person of the Trinity, yes?  ... and I do pray to the Father as well as the Holy Spirit and of course, Jesus
@Laurentiius just taking lessons from you brother 
@laurenvharrison aha i know me either lol 
@laurenwhispers Greenday are coming in December 
@laurenwilcoxx &quot;When you understand how simple it all is, you will tilt your head to the sky and laugh&quot;. Don't stress dear. 
@LauRenxExCarter people that think alot are usually always creative...especially in the bedroom 
@LaurenYoung: expediting changes to my twitter thanks to that blogpost. thank you 
@laurespin sounds fun!  Jedi!  Awesome name 
@Lauressa No yooou! You're the best 
@LaurHogan thank you missus hogan,im finally here  xxx
@LaurieCicotello @AngelaKeen I wish I lived closer to town, then I could karaoke with you guys! Do some Chaka Khan for me. 
@LaurieInQueens Jimmy had a traumatic day and was in hiding. Tumbleweed and Jesse both seem to be doing well.  
@lauriek Wolfville would be the nearest &quot;known&quot; town -- I'm from a community called Pereaux   On the way to Blomidon Prov. Park.
@LaurieleeWaul im back! and yeah, i wanna be demi 
@laurieMvincent thanks laurie! my wife @charlotteconley is a professional vocal coach 
@laurieplanet when I 1st looked at that I thought you meant age &amp; I was like eh..but then I guessed yeah we do! what about after biology? 
@lauriepuhn Thanks! You know, you should write a book about this stuff.  
@LaurieStJ thanks! 
@lauriesue62 thanks Laurie! We just passed Exit 406 to Thorold 
@lauriewise We're diddling great! We'll have to come down and visit you munchkins at some point. 
@LauriRottmayer Only cookies can get me through this day! 
@laurlyem haha okay so how long do I have? =P I'ma trusting u but if I die from egg poisoning I'm gonna haunt u okay? 
@laurmorr at bethpage of course  im always on the 7:01 train cause my moms a nut and likes to be up at the buttcrack of dawn! lol
@laurrs I am, naturally.  
@Laurrs my day is great as well! 
@lauryglory i'll send a bavarian guy a picture from me 
@laurzeh Hello Jiggle! We lost but it's ok, another one coming up this Saturday. 3:20 I think? Come out and watch if you can! 
@lausen @catpow3r @icep4ck some old school music for you  ? http://blip.fm/~5fep4
@LauStack well I will help you if you Help me 
@lauter i feel strangely like a proud father, regarding this domain registration! 
@lauwita Jajajaja!! Yeah!! Maybe... I don't know... 
@Lauxo oh but you can... 'all that jazz!';) ok, you're allowed a once only pass to slap a 10 year old  same, blame it on chronic fatique!x
@Lauz41 I was so sad, but apparently they r doing a season 9 which gives me hope  LOL
@Lauz41 I watched 1-40 in one night  It took a while, and yeah they are adding more every week as the series goes on. i love silvia!
@lauzmur  hold on, i'm-a follow yee back!!  how's it going?
@LavaLampLV Hey there. 
@Lavanyaj Kozhi is a nick for a very good friend of mine from college...  he's workin in bombay... in chennai for a week...
@lavenderkitty hey thanks!!! 
@LaVenusBallard @Tymlee @jim_turner Thank you for the retweets 
@LaverneLOVE good co-sign. that's why i said co-sign. lol 
@LaVida_ROSA hi! this will get you followers - free, fast, easy: * http://digg.com/u13ota * check it out 
@LaVidaCoffeeGal I do what I can, friend. Do what I can. 
@lavielavie oh CHEY wah you scared me there. but gain some weight also good la  you're so skinny!
@lavioleblanche i hope your sister gets well 
@lavjonas yeahh youu do haha 
@lavonnelong You're very welcome!  Hopefully this Rite Aid coupon will work better for you! 
@lavsmohan...... Yup!! saw the entire match....reached office late.. 
@lavuarne then tonight u just play more games lor!!! hang on lah...another 45 mins to go before going home!! 
@lawdood /cheesin'- see?  heh, hi!
@Lawjunky lol I'm sorry for being such a 'literal' pain 
@lawlessinfrared...most definately  ...u gotta come out here 1st..&quot;a lil vacate&quot;
@LawlietLollies they gave me back a bit of faith in love 
@lawliett04 I have floor seats  they're nowhere near front row but it's at least something.
@lawmanjapan Thank you so much!  It is appreciated.  
@Lawnee Haha, no.  :p  Eh well, I deserve to work hard; makes up for my 2-year vacation I enjoyed with my previous career.  Take care!  
@Lawrapop I don't watch BGT but did just now. I liked Julian, aww 
@Lawrapop Same  I would love to see some of the acts live
@lawrasaur  I love you too, Lawr! ;D Lol, last night I crashed at eight.
@lawreca dont push her if she wants to stay with her mommy then let her.... its fine ...we will have others together....  
@lawreca ok will do...thanks! 
@Lawrence_Leung: Drink coffee in a bookshop, Blog in a cafe and if you get  swine flu make a hilarious series about the experience 
@LawrenceCramer Spry will integrated in more products in the near future 
@lawrencekent  going to chitown?
@LawrencePearce I'm beyond proud of you! Win it all  I am still reading your tweets 
@lawrencethemute well. Had i said &quot;shortly&quot;, i would have meant within the hour BUT i said &quot;a bit&quot;. 
@Lawspye Hola, have updated look of apple twit! Hope u like. Me n lou had a go. Lou won 
@lawton_chiles Tomorrow I'm around man for a bit, got to start golfing now. time to get into summer mode. Got two calls then I'm out 
@Lawyer_CHOI haha!! I will do my best to let them join 
@lawzspoken you say anything?? LOL I'm kidding, lotta love, lotta love mang 
@LaXross haha I love itttt! And YAY!! You better be calling me mister! And J doesn't work on thurs so he'll be able to go out wed night! 
@LayAh619 G'Night  (I'm really looking forward to July now, haha 
@laydibluez lol! I'm expecting an angry mob of townspeople with torches any minute now!  I'm surprised they haven't kicked me out yet? 
@laydieluck777 lol it neva hurts to tryyyy 
@laydieluck777 sorry love... how areeeeeee you 
Is not going to lie to you or myself anymore i do not like being single. There i said it. 
is not going to Tafe tomorrow as i am watching Jap vs Aus  Also... 6 days! 
is not gonna settle for anything less than butterflies 
is not happy about the weather in Norway! Thank God I work so I don`t have to worry about it! 
is not in a good mood...even tho the Lakers SMASHED 
Is not in the best of moods but Had a Great a Superdupalicious Weekend 
is not pleased with having drained his bank account of $80 atOld Navy, but he is happy with the 11 items that it bought. 
is not quite sure what to do today as i am child free till half 5! whey!  ny suggestions??  **
is not very good at updating on Twitter 
is now a dress designer 
is now a fan of the Memphis Farmer's Market 
is now a psych major! woohoo! 
Is now a tenth prestiger. 
Is now armed with a http://www.cyclescheme.co.uk voucher - woohoo!!! 
Is now at home, In brisbane, and still doesnt have a phone 
is now at home. sleep-deprived but we had lots and lots and lots of FUN! 
is now awake!  http://plurk.com/p/p5xtl
Is now back at the school working on the bach.project 
Is now back in her territory and ready to get some rest for work manana! 
Is now baptized!  we have an awesome god.
Is now certified in final cut pro 6 
Is now climbing the K2 of work to complete....eh decisions to procrastonate 
is now connecting her facebook and twitter 
Is now eatin some blueberry pie with ice cream 
is now followinq @DAChesterFrench , you shud do tha same 
is now going to bed after a day of gaming  Into town tomorrow!
is now going to bed. 
is now going to class.  http://plurk.com/p/119ikr
is now going to have a bath &amp; watch scrubs. yay 
is now going to sleep, reallyy looking forward to a lifechanging + inpacting day in church tomorrow  x
is now having a break time fruit cocktails and potato salad~  Will be reading lots of things, more like...ADVANCE STUDYING. o_o
is now home 
is now home  nakatulog. http://plurk.com/p/vfie0
Is now home from a fun weekend at the cottage. 
is now in east coast! 
is now just in front of @kirara_397 
is now lewis' date for leavers  it's now nice not to have a lumpy bed!
is now listening to &quot;Fix You&quot; by Coldplay. I love this song 
Is now Mrs. Black-Prongs-Depp-Cleaver. 
is now off to Aunt's house.  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/ub2w8
is now on twitter 
is now on twitter..... 
is now online.  I'm feeling weird. How bout' you?  http://plurk.com/p/xn3bt
is now packing up for her LA trip 
is now playing the Philippine National anthem while enjoying his 100% health  http://plurk.com/p/t8xil
is now preparing an article for my site... yey!!! 
is now preparing to leave for nueva ecija  http://plurk.com/p/x4l2e
is now reading Art of Game Design 
is now ready for retirement 
Is now sat in the garden sunbathing eating a 99er 
is now the &quot;assistant extraordinaire&quot; 
is now Uncle Rob  Hurrah!
is now using Adium with Twitter 
is now watching &quot;Man of the House&quot; with the bean.  oh lazy summer days...
is now watching LOST!!! 
is now watching The Coffin (2008). Looks scary. :] I sure hope so! 
is now wearing travis clark's pleck as a necklace  and my dad tried to throw it over the fence so i bit him (i)
is nursing a hang over... Anyone up for movie and a pizza? text me!  X
Is o so excited tht her nephews n sister r comin 2 visit me ths weekend n nxt week 
is obsessed with netflix watch instantly.  currently:the other bolyn girl.  i'll let you know how it is 
is obsessed with this new B&amp;B scent. Heaven in a bottle. It's called True Blue Naked 
is obsessing over chris pine  heehee...
is obssesed with 4oD 
is of to bed now.. nite  xx
Is of to Mnchester Home 
is of to the gym.  I wish there was an easier way to get a nice summer body 
is off 2 Town wid niall 
is off 4 of the next 5 days  yessss!!!!
is off for a huge tea. Yay for huge teas  x
is off for a picnic at the park with CC 
is off for home early today 
is off for some beauty sleep  x
is off into town! 
is off na.  facebook na ko. siguro weekends na tyo magkakaramdaman. @fortheloveoflol: mauupdate mo pa ba plu... http://plurk.com/p/y4u4o
is off now as she has dinner 
is off now, very sleep, and gotta wake up in 4 hours. oof.  goodnight dearest twitterees. 
is off on his morning 7 mile walk, hope the rain stays away for 1hr 45min, I just hate coming home soggy!  Have a great day all 
is off out for tea tonight for mother's birthday 
is off out in the sun to the pub with the girls soon  x
Is off out later to av a few drinks in da sun for my 21st b-day 
is off out tonight  must buy some pink eyeshadow today though...
is off riding after mac'y D's breaky... Thanks jenni  #fb
is off shopping today for my holiday 
iS Off tO A tRiPLE thiS MORNiNG!! At LEASt it'S A SiMPLE oNE... 
is off to an Environmental tour at the North of Israel, this is gonna be a Save the planet day 
is off to ballet 
Is off to Bangkok and sits right behind the pilot  - http://tweet.sg
is off to bed - before midnight! - is that really possible? I guess so 
is off to bed for his beauty sleep, night all! 
is off to bed! Goodnight tweets! 
is off to bed. Good night, friends.  See you all in the morning. http://plurk.com/p/xpmyt
is off to bed. Goodnight everyone 
is off to bed. night 
is off to bed.. .gotta work in the morning .. 4 days off sure was nice 
is off to bed...hopefully going to the movies tomorrow 
is off to beddie bo's! good night all 
is off to Body Power Expo! Thanks to Mike at Performance Network for the free tix! 
is off to buy some clothes for Barca 
is off to CHORLEY tomorrow to his nana and her new puppy! 
is off to church and then the church picnic!  
is off to church to play secretary for a little bit. Have fun everybody! 
is off to church, loves the weather  too bad i have to do homework all day...
Is off to dinner wearing purple pants. I feel kinda badass 
is off to do a bit of morning baking. Strawberry tart? yes, please! 
is off to do training.. Very excited for the weekend. New Balance Victoria International Half-Ironman. 
is off to Edmond for the Silent Breakfast, then to Blocking practice for Peter Pan 
is off to find the hairdresser that chris recommended  ... hope she's good!!
is off to get a pedi!! got to have pretty toes and feet for the spring 
is off to get daisys bloods done again then helping with swimming at school 
is off to get new glasses 
is off to give my kiddies a wonderful dose of an egg hunt this morning before the Easter Break!  Wish me luck!   
is off to go see the new terminator film with her lovely boy  mwaah x
is off to go see up and then party it up 
is off to help ashley move today! maybe i'll get another slushy from sonic out of the deal! 
Is off to Hels for her bday BBQ and recovery after last nights antics 
is off to her piece of land soon. Frogs, gras, deers, stars and bonfires here I come 
is off to his first wedding!! Congratulations Rich and Vicky 
Is off to humboldt!!  once I arrive, no cell phone, no twitter, no facebook, no myspace... Its time for me.
is off to JB. 
is off to KL! To climb a hill for some shots of the sunrise. Insyaallah.  
is off to langland bay 
is off to leaders meet! i believe God is gonna do some AMAZINGG!!  working on vlog#4 now.. 
is off to Lightwater Valley. 
is off to london today... swiss cottage to be precise!  x
is off to meet bff to play wii.. 
is off to Ollie's Closet for the children's proofs 
is off to paris!! 
is off to play poker for charity tonight!  wish me luck, boys and girls!
Is off to Reflexology tonight in a Pub with her mate @MissRedSkater - Looking forward to it 
is off to Rya's to get my JOSErIZ books. be back in a bit.  http://plurk.com/p/z0sse
is off to school (: @davetran im wearing your necklace  because tammi wants to know if i actually have it hahaha(:
is off to see grandma now 
is off to see Papa Roach this eve 
is off to shower then sleeeeeping  goodnight my followers~ =P
is off to sleep..... bye ppl.... take good care of urself... c u guys tomorrow 
is off to the beach with the girls 
is off to the cinema and then may make a visit to the pub 
Is off to the cinema laters! 
is off to the College Lawn for a big FAT steak tonight... 
is off to the gym... to do some hectic cardio training 
is off to the pub this evening 
is off to the pub with Gary, meeting up with Steve and Jackie for lunch... Looking forward to getting drunk all afternoon 
is off to the summer time ball today! 
is off to this place called school. 
is off to town 
is off to Trent Bridge with Sean so summer must be here 
is off to vote 
is off to watch Ghost Whisperer 
is off to whoch. 
is off to work on her mid terms! ICK! Wish me luck!! 
is off to work til 4! Happy Hump Day! 
is off to work til 6 tonight, tweet you laterz! (PS: @kelliesimpson You, me, #latenightcereal tonight, it's on!  ) x x x
is off to work,but is taking a long lunch 2day with Becka-woop woop 
is off to work... then seattle... then grocery shopping... then who knows? yay for the weekend! 
Is off today but super tired. Really wanna finish new moon and take a nap. 
is off up pendle hill with college today 
is off up town for a bit. See what I can find 
Is off work sick, but had a facebook message this morning and is a lot happier now 
is offf to beddd !    nighttynightt '    ?
is offf to beddy. nunighttttttttttttttt 
is offfff! see you tomorrow, tweeters 
is officially a huge fan of El Internado, a Spain show, and the Klaxons, a british band. 
is officially a nursing &amp; psychology double major as of today! Wish me luck! 
is officially a senior! congrats class of 2009! 
is officially a Shanahan graduate. Sweet. 
Is officially a twitter head. Up so early and I don't need to be. 20 day challenge begins today Tweets! No carbs no sweets for 20 days! 
is officially done with high school  prom on wednesday, graduation on friday. best friend tomorrow. life is fucking good.
is officially enrolled in school. Joined the broke college student club and everything! 
Is officially in san diego 
is officially OFF to watch Cruel Intentions!  LOVE IT!
is officially on her own 
is officially part of the @youmeatsix called &quot;Ding loving radio 1 posssaaaaaaaayyyy&quot; 
is officially seeing SA in Chicago 
is officially taking back her #sims3 comment - after resynching/restarting #iphone it worked just fine  EA rocks again!
is officially the mother of a 4th grader, a 1st grader, and pre-K-er! 
is omg-sing to the fact that I was watching Teenage mutant ninja turtles at the same time at miley cyrus was...OMG that is So weird 
is on #mugglespace  xD  and hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii @samnicyu 
is on a boaaaat ...yes ! 
Is on a hill overlooking the bay, san mateo, san jose, and redwood city 
is on a hot date with my boyfriend 
is on a late night mission to pedro's. 
is on a little mission for a certain somebody at lunch teehee 
Is on a nice boat in britain's country side! 
is on a nite shift 
is on a sunday afternoon frenzy 
is on air 
is on air! Tune in at bailrigg fm in Lancaster or www.bailriggfm.co.uk if you're not  Send in your requests!
is on binge-eating   http://plurk.com/p/vgxa2
Is On BlackBerryOS Looking Through The Forums  Look For Me On There KristopherF
is on call  
is on chillax mode listening to coldplay. 
is on cloud nine. And should totally have been in bed three hours ago. Hm. 
Is on deck yayyy  http://twitpic.com/6djlj
Is on facebook 
Is on facebook  x
Is on heat. Scally lads out with no shirts on. Off to Salford 
is on her holidays in crete!  &lt;3
is on her own for 6 weeks! 
Is on her phonee 
is on her way home after a sehr good hol.   xx
is on her way to get her driving license.  then it's time to steal daddy's car. XD
Is on her way to Hawaii. Aloha! 
is on her way to Joe and Alyssa's wedding  I loveee weddings!
is on her way to PRECON!! 
Is on her way to the lock in! 
is on her way to the mini with Carla and Mark!!! 
Is on his way back to sheffield 
is on his way home after a fun evening. 
is on his Way to prepare the Artists/Songs Selection for the next INT.MSC.SHOW  Former I.M.S. works can be found here: http://bit.ly/34Q90
is on his way to salem and is going to get breakfast at bagel world. 
Is on his way to sonic! 
Is on his way to the Capitol summer ball!!! 
is on his way to the peak district 
is on holiday 
is on holiday tomorrow for a month. Cape Town, Russia, Germany, and the farm. FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKK! excited 
is on my way home from olive garden 
is on my way to my first day of work in DC 
is on my way to school 
is on my way to work. Gonna be productive. U know why? Cause Monday is behind us all!!! SMILE PPL 
is on my way up north, I'll be back down south in three weeks 
is on page four in like two hours.. Off to get some sleep since I am supposed to be in class at 8:30 am! Hopefully I can sleep! 
Is on the bus to work listening to chris moyles - would so love it if he took part in the next strictly come dancing!! 
Is on the bus, its only me and this other maan, i got the backseat allll  to mysel f 
Is on the GET FIT wagon. Just worked out again 
is on the last leg of flights to Tennessee!! Yay! Btw, my foot doesn't hurt! 
Is on the m1 i believe? Hm. North &lt;3 haha. Just realised how many new clothes i actually have. Yum. 
is on the phone to Iona who is just about to joing me with the twittering &lt;3 
Is on the phone with her Oso 
is on the phone with her siissterr 
Is on the phone with Lena, Czerina, and Libby 
is on the phone with lily 
Is on the road to mexico with people he doesn't really like.. Oh wait, it's his family. 
is on the road to PA to retrieve big brother 
Is on the tolet. talk to me! 
Is on the train going to jaydes 
is on the train listening to Friday, I'm in love. She isn't in love, but it most certainly is Friday 
is on the train to manchester!! 
Is on the way to fx for dinner with daddy and his mates  http://myloc.me/40Wa
Is on the way to race for life 
Is on the way to San Antonio for a day long business trip and yes I am stopping @ buckeys on the way 
is on the way to Zuerich to the 2nd Kravitz Gig this Weekend.  Dancin' til dawn yeeeeah!!!
Is on Twiiterr  yaay. I dont know how to use it though. :/
Is On Twitter! Lol  x x
is on youtube  add me on youtube guys!! www.youtube.com/RaRaRachellie
is one happy camper, beautiful Tanya, beautiful sunshine, as Bono would say &quot;its a beautiful day&quot;. 
is one more day at the mountain then off to So Cal for 15 days 
is one of our FAVORITES!!! 
is one of the new Gaspari girls! 
is one watching one more chance  http://plurk.com/p/rhh9q
is online  http://plurk.com/p/11baeq
is online, waiting for his lunch 
is online. 
is ONLINE.  http://plurk.com/p/x5s8b
Is only updating her status because @mavriq makes fun of her. HOME 
is only wanting you.....to follow him  and obviously you are!!!
is open for plurk invites  http://plurk.com/p/vfaj9
is organizing a team to join the Best Aid Station Contest  http://plurk.com/p/t05ll
is out and about being spontaneous with the fam 
Is out and about with my fingers crossed for tonight. 
is out and about with Shannon 
Is out and about with the hubby and kids  #fb
Is out at Cantigny with Amanda. 
is out bathing in the sun 
is out eating ice cream with her beau. First day of sunshine  give me more.
is out for now..  http://plurk.com/p/t025t
is out for the day. Forget homework and studying. Whiffle Ball later. 
is out in the garden with his laptop listening to galaxyfm  seeing a friend later .. probably watch a film .
Is out of church. Great service.  on the way to clean up
is out of work and out to Bourbon to see Dot Dot Dot and get kicked in the face by Franklin. 
is out on a date with @KaterSue 
is out on this beautiful day  miss u &lt;3
is out the backk  ohhhhh warmthhh 
is out to eat then going 2 see the hangover then going 2 get drunk  dont work tom
is out to go get a present for a three-year-old 
Is out with the dog, hoping it won't rain. 
is out! w0rk w0rk w0rk..  http://plurk.com/p/xzlun
Is out, goig to get pizza 
is out. jalan with my sister and cousin bibah!  shopping!
is outside in the sunn, this time tomorrow i will have seen the new moon trailer 
is outta here for the weekend. Good stuff planned: canoe trip, reading, quilt-working, and seeing Pixar's &quot;Up&quot; in 3D. Sweet! 
Is over the being scared there isnt any big deal and i dont care anymore so problem is now deflated 
is over the moon!!!  Thanks @florspace !
is overcome by the awesomeness of TOY STORY 3!!!!!! http://bit.ly/xCbET  ZOMG    
Is overwhelmed with all the followers! Thanks guys! Keep posted 
is packing and ready for an early flight tomorrow morning! America here we come!! 
is packing for 6th grade camp at egan i leave 2morrow1!!!  sooo exited!!!!! *********C Carson*********
is packing for Next. 
is packing for vacation to CA, leaving tomorrow! 
is packing orders and counting stock after @Craft2.0   Not much left to count! 
is packing. off to jersey in 6 hours 
is painting her nails green. 
Is painting her room today 
is painting something for Alke's baby boy. 
Is Paolo married? I think I wanna marry him for singing Moonlight Over Paris. hehe 
is partying all day with almost all my friends. 
is partying it up in Manchester 
Is partying like there is no tomorrow. Hit me up if you want to go to a Gorman party with me tomorrow?  It's Gorman so it must be good.
is partying with friends and fam 
is performing today in town... looking forward to it. 
Last song for this show coming up! We'll be live again @6 EST - thanks for listening! 
last sunday before going home!   
Last sunday teaching 
last test today 
last thought about the mtv movie awards: yay 4 no jo-bro's at all! not even a mention 
last thought... (yes dear, I'm coming!  haha.) - Is this 2009 -or- 1984? Big Sis, Big Brother? http://homelandsecurityus.com/?p=2659
last time a MoS Railways did smething 4 Kerala, http://tinyurl.com/naznmc they promptly defeated him next election 
last time this summer; goodnight, tweets  i'll try to smile tomorrow.
Last time we chatted with @glorianatheband, Rachel hadn't read Twilight yet! Wonder if Cheyenne got her to read it since then? 
Last Tuesday (May 26th), my wife gave birth to our beautiful baby girl! Her name is Zenovia Alice Maria Jacobs. Life is good!   -Logan
Last Tuesday and tonight have just reinspired me   It's all about the music!
Last tweet  goodKNIGHT Tweeps!
last tweet for about 5 or 6 hours, going to my SATs. yet again, wish me luck, i wanna get into a good college 
Last tweet for the summer. Sleeping early tonight. 
last tweet for today. goin' to study the economics of my country.  goodnightie. 
Last tweet of the night - night night 
Last twitter was supposed to be another account,oops!And I kinda messed it up, huh?That's what I get typing on phone trying to stay dry 
last two tweets in normal peoples language closley translates to: goodnight everyone, im going to bed now  see you in the morning  xxx
Last update two hours ago...still can't edit pics w/Photoshop...need to reload and it is MISSING.  Will let you know when I find it. 
last week of classes 
last week of school  can't be more excited &amp; sad at the same time!
Last week of school excited! 
last week of school!!!!!  btw i love my bff haha 
last week of school, waiting patiently for summer 
last week of school.  excited for friday. the warhead challenge is most definitely on. 
Last week of school. Who knew the clean up of a classroom would take so much work.  At least we got kids to help. can't wait for summer!
last week of shcool  thank goodness!
last week of the year is underway!  i can do it
last week of watching my sister 
Last week of work this week then the beach!!!  I'll be happy and tan when I start my new gig on the 29th.  
last week ofschool then summer vaca!! yay!! 
last week on sat nite.. had a blast catching up wif hubby's relatives as well.. has been a while since i last saw everyone of them.. 
Last week!  I've waited long enough.
Last weekends yoga break at Fistral Spa was wonderful, a really nice group, some new to yoga some not so, great energy 
last week's page tally was 6 and a half.  Perhaps 8 was too ambitious, but I'll still be striving for it this week. 
Last week's show gave us some interesting feedback that will make Heron even better! If anybody is up for testing, send us an e-mail 
last wk I had over 30 ppl in library @ 1 time! It was amazing considering just 2 yrs ago lib. only saw 2 ppl a wk! It was amazing &amp; crazy 
LAST. FUCKING. DAY. I LOVE GLOATING.  at 11 this morning i will not only be a sophomore but i will be FREE.
Last.fm, Facebook and Twitter on Xbox 360! And Sky, On Demand 360 games + more. Fucking win for Microsoft this time around!   
Last's week's mechanics - police racas I got to inhale teargas. Smells different for some reason, like it is flavored or something 
lastt day of school  People coming overr afterrr &lt;3
Late brunch - grinding coffee beans and baking bread. Then off out to the sun 
late brunch with an amazing bloody mary bar? yes, please 
Late brunch. I wonder if it's still counted as &quot;brunch&quot; or just lunch...hmmm...oh well i'm full now 
Late but I wanted to thank those for the #ff love @kidnoble @jeiho @geekinpink804 @TareshMonchel @MRDOTCEO &amp; welcome new followers 
Late day to work today, nothing wrong with that 
Late dinner at Outback. The Mentalist was awesome  Lovin Vegas!
Late for school. Lets make plans tonight  Follow me and i'll follow you boo
Late for work again...but only by 30 min. 
late last night all the way till this morning so far, I really just feel upset.  But I will be fine.  I have had worse things.  
late lunch then off to Cheers for bday drinks 
Late lunch, then back to my books. How's your Monday? 
Late morning good vibe-age to all! 
Late mother's day gifts provide for minimal choices, except at your neighborhood wal-mart. 
Late news then it's off for some much needed zzzzzzz.......Goodnight Tweets. 
late night at the end of the world... funny that? 
Late night gaming. Time to hit the sack @ev whiskom.com? Sounds interesting need somebody to run it? IT guy looking for a new job 
Late night homework once again. 
Late night jam with the band  slow song? slow song.
Late night last night - and everyone crashed at my place  thank God I'm OCD and cleaned up last night...
Late night last night, though a good one  feeling rather organized when it comes to my english assay.weird. thank God for smart mothers 
Late night movie and cuddling with the husband.   // cool http://gykd.net
Late night munchies!!! Anyone care for some Tres Leche's cake? Yummie 
Late night or early morning? Either way I'm goin to bed 
Late night peanutbutter&amp;jelly sw snack w/ @jozine - making more memories 4 ol' time sake  nite nite t-friends
Late night reading. No plans or projects for tomorrow. 
late night sand volleyball on campus  bringin back the memories
Late night shower. Refreshing 
Late night song jots don't fail me now 
late night sunday at the gym. love when there is no one here. 
Late night swimming was a possibility today, but I got lazy at the last moment. Brick Lane tomorrow...  Woo  xx
Late night text messages  #myweakness
late night w/ j. fallon at 3pm..dinner at 7pm what's goin down tonight? 
Late night...finally home. 
late night...talking music with a friend  there for tomorrow....the reason why I'm still following my dream 
late nite tv  work in exactly 12 hours
late nite veggie lasagne mmmm.... got caught up in other work today.. now time for the motorcycle... at least for another couple hours 
late nite/early morning phone calls with pat 
Late post , Good Night world and i wish you all a wonderful Sunday  will broadcast tomorrow on Justin.tv
Late reaction: Filipino pride  (Vatti recorded the match.)
late sleepless nights = seeing what this whole twitter thing is all about...terrifying. 
late start today after gaming into the early hours, then off to view a flat. Hope its nice 
Late...watching New season of House....looks pretty good 
Lately I've been &quot;screening&quot; EVERYTHING that enters into my consciousness. Practicing &quot;selective noticing,&quot; if you will... 
Latenight drawing will take its toll on me tomorrow morning. Got class at 9. I made progress though. 
late-night phone call... Heh.. khe-khe.. Hell...Hello... - WHAT?! And you don't sleep?! ... No comments (will kill .... tomorrow) ROFL 
Late-night west-coast meeting online. Things are going so, SO well. 
Later go out for buy something!! 
later I go to doctor and then I meet my sister and my nephew 
later I went up to monroe and worked out with friends - TRX, ropes and KBs!!   30sec on/30 off..rope swings &amp; c&amp;ps, windmills, wve aquats
later I'm going to the hairdresser     *I'm happy*
Later on today we'll finally find out. I like to be optimistic. It's looking good. 
Later onine again  It's Party-time
later to tomke an then with her at jaderberg  i love my english ;)
Later! Needs to go out for lunch 
Later, Guys. We have to go to the Cemetery. 
latest goofy movie we enjoyed: &quot;Baby Mama&quot; 
Latest HOTSTUFF debate is live. Are women better drivers than men. This'll be an interesting one   http://bit.ly/Zbhi
Latest message from http://NuttyIdea.net order was a daughter who sent dad 8 bags of custom mix. She bragged about making it just 4 him 
latest party flyer out of the lab [http://tinyurl.com/nwkt5v] ... hit us up on the web @ innovativegraphiks.com. follow us @igraphiks. 
Latest Very Busy People sighting: Utah! Thanks @LikaInoUhane for the report  call that station and tell them they need to play it again!
Latest: is meetn' her EX BOYFREN?  will we get back  together?
Latin room! is the best 
lattin  wooho its going to be a great day 
laugh off with the boys 
Laughing @Chikorita90 s brown spot on her nose...the handbag aint gonna get there any sooner, kiddo* jk elenita 
laughing at @tommcfly and his awesome-ness. i love my DVD 
Laughing at @tscott1502 's rendition of &quot;Riding Manta&quot; 
Laughing at my wife as she tries to fix a typo she has in a photo caption. 
Laughing at myself. 
laughing cause ... sometimes my dogs act like kids ... they whine if one of the other two has a bone or toy it wants   I luv em 
Laughing Clowns were AWESOME last night. Carbie declares 2nd of May the official Rootin' Tootin' Foto Shootin' Day!  Promo shoot &amp; gig!
Laughs not in this life time junio  i dont do swimsuits
Laughter definitely adds color to a dull day! 
Laughter is the medicine 
Launch Verified is what I say when I make my BF cum by bat fucking him up his ass, he squirms like a little anal slut  www.KelliKanyon.net
launched! happy shoppingggg  woots!
launching http://appslots.com/ 
laundry + breakfast + gym + pho. sundays @ geneve. finally. 
Laundry + The Colbert Report 
laundry and loud music.... relaxing   
laundry is done.....ironing and packing now 
laundry on, cherry tomatoes slow-roasting...time to cue up a radio play on BBC4 and get on with the scarf. See you in a bit. 
Laundry or nap?? Naaaaapppp, the obvious choice  lol
Laundry, Grocery Shopping, Baking, PAcking, Mani-Pedi then off to see him tmrw 
laundry,laundry,laundry...time for some shopping 
Laura When Ur up Call Me 
Lauren and brittany are my best friends  
Lauren and I are going to let randy fix all of our problems... 
Lauren Conrad tomorrow with @JoJoLuv21 !  super excited!
lauren its called pong!  not like last time
Laurens singing in the shower  ahahaa.
Lauri Ylnen's voice is so very distinctive 
Law School Graduation today 
Law week is gonna go the fuck off  SO EXCITED
LAWD! I'm up way too damn early! Still workin w/ kids after I'm out of school! Kimmie love the kids! 
Lawn mowed, garage cleaned, now I'm going to eat hot wings and have a wonderful margarita  #fb
Lawrence: SORRY I WAAS BROUGHT TO LIFE geraldine: huh....? Lawrence:  geraldine: )  My status: CHRONAA! [Sorry I was born~] x3
LAX terminal very nice. It has been awhile since I've been here. Nice smooth flight frm ATL, except coughing/cracklespeak guy next to me 
Laxin at home. Check out Meebo.com 
lay by the pool and take a nap. my agenda for the day 
Layer Cake -  ! ? ?  .......  ? #movie
layin down after walking forever. Daaamn these dorm beds are comfy! Off to dinner soon 
Layin down, txtin the bae.. Practice tomorrow then a date..  so excited
Layin down.... stillt hinkin about how awsome the Carolina Liar concert was.... 
Layin in bed Watchin some tv and tryin not to move.... the sunburn is hurtin a bit 
LAYIN IN BED WIT MY BABIES AND MY BOO!! GOOD MORNING 
Layin in bed with a box of tissues, a great pillow, and a bottle of nyquil.  sweet dreams all!!
layin in my bed ab to get some much needed sleep. i kno its daylight twitterbugs but it feels very much like night to me, so night night 
Layin on the beach at home w/ DM watching the dogs play  I loveeeeee the seclusion here. I could even be nude (not that I would) Lol
Layin out trying to get a tan   3 more exams till freedom!   ...txt mehhh
Layin outside on the hammock  Today was pretty much great 
laying around and being lazy all day... i love sundays 
Laying down about to watch a movie. 
Laying down in bed  lol feeling good feeling great
laying down listening to music 
Laying down on the beach with my booo (kristin) 
Laying down resting my muscles.Gees I'm sore from my workout.I need some 1 to work me out 
laying down rite now...going out later with friends! 
Laying down until my baby calls 
laying down with @sammy 
laying down with Oreo 
Laying I'm bed falling asleep  and txtin space boy
Laying in a shadow.  This guys super freaking hot. hahahha 
laying in bed and about to fall alseeep ..work in theee a.m ; goodnite 
Laying in bed and surfing the web web 
laying in bed and watchin a nice movie 
Laying in bed as i enjoy the visualizations from itunes. @Eierfrucht: have fun in SF! 
Laying in bed next to my bride with my 85 lb. dog laying on my chest licking my face.  No better way to wake up on a Saturday. 
laying in bed reading a Nora Roberts, and my dog is snoring/barking in her sleep  Oh the things that happen at 2am
Laying in bed really tiredd 
Laying in bed rolling around. There sould be an hour of silence where people just roll all over their bed in the morning. 
Laying in bed txting my lady  goodnight world
laying in bed w my boy watching ANTM! 
Laying in bed waiting for con  i lovelovelove that boi &lt;3
Laying in bed watching bride wars 
Laying in bed watching talk shows! 
Laying in bed while my husband cleans. Yayy my break from the week  but.. He's onky doing it cuz he's going out with hsi friends l8tr
Laying in bed with @zaqapoo 
Laying in bed with a book &amp; some beautiful music.  thank you kaki &amp; nicholas sparks.
Laying In bed with babe 
Laying in bed with my hello kitty doll and my kittys and my boo  long day.  must slumber.
laying in bed with my smelly jewish friend 
laying in bed with the hubby after a long day of planting seeds  good night!
Laying in bed, watching harry potter with my mama 
laying in Bed, watching the sun come up 
Laying in bed. Missing Zack. Should be sleeping. I'm so excited for my best friend! 
laying in bed. watching viva la bam. dwelling on today's events. it's all goood. 
laying in bed.. gaming with channa  .. eating fruit and ice cream!
laying in bed... super happy my cubbies won yesterday! 
laying in bed...cant go to sleep...now i know how amor feels with the exception of a broken foot  stuck in lala will-land &lt;3
Laying in bedd with liv! 
Laying in my nice queen sized bed   thank you God for creating sleep for us  &lt;Snobi-wan&gt;
Laying in my pool 
Laying in the new bed, this is going to take some getting used to, I'm going to try to sleep now though, goodnight 
Laying in the sun 
Laying in the sun.... DAAANG it's nice.  Love life.
Laying next to a campfire. Nothing better. 
Laying on a king size bed with five girls  we were supposed to sleep until nine. Yeah right.
Laying on my death bed. LOL trying to go to sleep... 
Laying on my new mattress feeling soooo comfy 
Laying on the beach and enjoying the sun! 
laying on the beachh. love my life 
Laying on the boyfriends bed listening to old school Badu 
Laying on the coach and watching some telly. Lovely weather today, the sun is shinning  Can't wait for Summer and the weather it brings 
laying on the couch after spending the day with friends.  Watching stand up comedy. 
Laying on the couch watching tv 
laying on the couch with my dog watching king of queens 
Laying on the docks with this kid.  i could fall asleep right now. So peaceful.
laying on the floor, last night was great! 
Laying on the quad 
Laying on the trampoline is splendid. 
laying out all day 
laying out at the pool for most of the day 
Laying out at the pool. 
Laying out by my grandparents pool until i have work 
laying out in the sun all day! 
LAYING OUT IN TO POOL..SUNNIN 
Laying out on the deck...now all I need is a pool and a bartender 
Laying out on the trampoline with meg reading My Horizontal Life 
Laying out with dakota 
laying out. i need a tan.  aha. text me. 
laying outside in thee sun..text me. KYLE &lt;3 
laying with banit 
Layingg out by the pool 
Layla? Yeah, she's my bestie for lifey  Plus she posted update about me, ily sis!
Laylor..finally together 
Layne's birthday party today @ 2:3o!! Even though I no I will be over @ her house @ like 11.... 
layout personalizado eu sou foda  by mary
lazer tagging l8r 2night! yaya i cant wait! i love lazer tag, soooo much fun! 
laziest day of my life  SU, Font + Scruff tonight with Foster + Carr
lazing around until work later! 
Lazing in the garden with some marketing magazines  Too Cool For Skool!
lazy afternoon! call if you wanna do something 
lazy day ... just watch movie and lay on the bed 
Lazy day of Sunday, me likes. 
Lazy days at the beach house! 
lazy dayzzzz, j.o.n.a.s premieres tonight though! 
Lazy hungover day with the bubblessss!!! 
Lazy mornings, crazy days and zapped out evenings... - Its so much better @ home 
lazy night once more 
lazy night tonight. but it was much needed. bed time 
Lazy Saturday on the cards for me. Considering going to a beer festival in Battersea, but will most probably stay in watching DVDs. 
lazy sunday  not leaving this couch, well not until dinner time!
Lazy Sunday  Rain has stopped the chores we had planned!! Yay Rick is snoozing and I am catching up on Robin Hood
lazy sunday  weather is too hot here
Lazy sunday with the missus. Laundry is done. Time for a nap. 
lazy sunday! 1st day in about 2 weeks I just chilled in the house...but of course I still got sum writing 2 do 
lazy sunday.  track 04.
lazy Sunday... trying to convince husband to go to Rittenhouse 
lazy sunday....it's beautiful outside  might do some shopping and/or just realx all day!
Lazy Sundays are the best!  ;)
Lazy Sundays are the best...  Going to target. Silly weather won't get pretty so I can enjoy the pool!!
Lazy to blog. Tired. Read what I did today here, inilifesaya.blogspot.com. 
lazy to do my hair this morning. i'll do it at work 
lazy to read all the past tweets!  ) who's not going to school on tuesday?
Lazy weekend... but I'm good, I'm working out  And now I'm eating some chicken and some weird sause I don't really like anymore
lazy, lazy saturday... loves it 
LAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZY MONDAY !! Bank Holiday  Nicole why haven't u direct msged me yet ?!!!
LBI tonight!!! 
Ld yeah i am now. Thanks 
le cap des 60 followers 
le fuck you! j'adore 
le mans racing with pocket guide.... great 
Le Tango De Roxanne- Moulin Rouge... my new obsession. 
Leadership conference with the ladies 
Leadership meeting was energizing!!!!  Purposeful and interactive.  Good stuff!  Goodnight!    Early flight to Oahu tomorrow.
leafpeddler #clothdiapers Working Mom her web site is in the making so drop her a line @kiddakin_kloth (they are really soft!) 
leah doing my hair 
Leah woke up early to curl my hair  Don't I have the best sister ever!
leahs 18th the weekend and bbq 
LeakyCon shopping! Any last requests?speak now or forever hold your peace! 
Leanne will meet the Chasers again, this time with long necklaces &amp; big bags 
Learing about Jose's room over his ghetto video chat with no microphone  good times.
Learing how to twitter 
Learn a lot at &quot;Marketing 101&quot; w/ susan burnash. Now it's time to finish my homework 
Learn how to 'Effectively Promote Your Shop' using Twitter - http://bit.ly/BRmky (expand) #zibbet #etsy #artfire Please retweet!! 
learn to fly higher...!  http://tinyurl.com/30tools
Learned a lot from Abstract Art. 
learned a new word today: &quot;merkin&quot;...and with that, have a great weekend, everyone!  #fb #urbandictionary
learned another piece. amazing love fr. pul haus  http://plurk.com/p/x6w9d
Learned new game yesterday, Dominos. The one they show in chinese movies  Next Mahjong I guess 
Learned that just because your a nobody, you still have a voice. And if you use it, you'll be heard. Just try it. You'll see. I did. 
learned the history of tok mama's family.  yay!
Learnig to use Twitter 
Learnin' how to drive a stick-shift. 'xept rebekah's behind the wheel! 
learning &quot;A little bit longer&quot; one the piano 
Learning &quot;slang&quot; from different decades is funny 
Learning about Ciara from my boo 
learning about Twitter. 
learning about twitter..... 
learning h0w to use twiter 
learning headfirst for halos on guitar 
Learning Hoedown Throwdown 
learning how to &quot;twitter.&quot; 
Learning how to draft brief to counsel and skeleton arguments. Great 
learning how to tweet 
learning how to tweet  x
learning how to use this 
Learning how to use this thing 
learning how to use twitter...thinking I'm gunna like it 
Learning how to use Twitter?? We shall see how this goes 
learning how to work twitter 
learning lyrics to songs 
Learning Meg&amp;Dia's discography by the 8th 
Learning Metallica - Enter Sandman intro riff. Its simple but sounds great. 
learning new applications at work 
Learning some family history with a 98-year-old great grandma! Pretty fantastic, actually! 
learning something new everyday. gotta keep growing even when its not easy 
Learning taxi etiquette quick 
Learning tests 
learning the basics of &quot;rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock.&quot; it's quite... logical 
Learning this new twitter...I'm so new about this 
learning to just switch.off a bit.more 
Learning to live in the tension can be very challenging at times.  Remembering to breathe always helps. 
learning to play guitar!!!!! fun. but i still suck 
Learning to share the computer again. 
learning to sing Edith Piaf's version of La Vie en Rose. Le sigh 
learning to tweet 
Learning to twitter! 
Learning to use Mixx  http://t.mixx.com/mirM
Learning XML little by little. I'm telling you, I get it. I just need to memorize what to say. 
learnt how to add a person. am surprised how easy it should have been. 
Leave for Victoria on Monday! 
leave is the bestest 
Leave it to my dog to be a fan of imported Brie... like daddy like puppy 
leave me something good or ill erase this crappy addictive site lol  got it goodness loll  ha ha  rawrrrr !!!!!!! love Billyjoel
leave me truthbox things on myspace  www.myspace.com/spider_monkey_xx
@LayDlineUP lol I may I may let's see 
@laydmaxix ahah so glad my test are over 
@LayDown28 Prob step out later tonight, maybe catch the game someplace. But I'm just chillen right now 
@LaYeNNy lmao you know me 
@Laylaa_ grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreat 
@laylaarjade I think we have to be at my sisters friends house for 8. I shall text you tomorrow and arrange it all  Love love xxx
@laylabohm I am not sure conspiracy theory sites are the best use of Marc's time 
@laylabunny come over and play 
@laylahiggins http://twitpic.com/4dcsv - Indeed, real shuttles don't look quite so phallic 
@laylakayleigh are you admitting something here?    That's okay, your secret's safe with us.  Just please wash your hands thoroughly. TY
@laylakayleigh awwww we miss u too, I finally got u  ! We need to hang out!... Oh I'll be in london soon! ;)
@laylakayleigh hmm your boo? i wonder how that sound with your accent  lol
@laylakayleigh naughtiness  NAUGHTINESS!!! I'm going to............huh...I gotta clean up, clear the yeard......hopefully paint
@laylakayleigh no dishwasher? c'mon lazy bones! need a butler?  (ooo!  me, me, me, me!) 
@LaylaLavigne I wish you were in bed too 
@laylamsu8 Maybe you just need to work out more? 
@laylaymusic you know you love it   Stat-K
@LayLoJunior shut it slut  night night
@LayneCullen  South Wales, U.K  What is the weather like today where you live? Sorry for being curious, you may tell me to stop ahaha 
@LayneCullen i think if i put up any pic, it wouldn't be of me... would probably be of something that appeals to me... females in latex 
@Layzz13 nah, it's really not a problem hehe. i'd love to make it. 
@lazalonso if u have to ask. Don't do it..  
@lazarus2000 yeah, it sounds a lot like the philosophy behind my Meet Me Midweek column. I should be your paid writer/photographer! 
@lazarusss thanks man! 
@lazerlh From the land of the greater sheeps than men.. Hi there, hows ur day there   
@lazoug Not much, still waiting on that musician to give me an email back. 
@lazulay  Even better for a pitch 
@lazyage didn't quite mean that sort of &quot;relax&quot; - I meant... don't get anxious. hard work is good though  remembering to breath helps...!
@lazyage Hbt is so beautiful, yes  I love the market, too. I love when people have visited Tas! so many haven't. forgotten where you are.?
@lazyage Say hello to him for me! 
@lazyage wow, thats two awesome degrees mixed into one! Gah, im sure you'll do fine  just take it easy, dont overwork urself too much! 
@lazyass_ SEXXXAAAYYYYY white tshirt and all?  girls AND boys?  
@lazyballerina of course it may be one of the roots of bad spelling 
@lazycat jass warn me b4 u go to nxt war...i am there to have fun...  
@lazydays00 WOOT! It's like a highly contagious airborne disease! 
@lazygekko hmmm true. Maybe it should be armed with a chav repellant spray triggered by poor grammar and grunting 
@lazygiraffe It would do those things but I wouldn't imagine it doing much more 
@lazygiraffe It's pretty basic and it's not my thing but then bears are somewhat medium core when it comes to sewing machine tasks 
@LazyGuru909 @thetechbuzz go lakers? they one game 6!  
@LazyLadyLottie demi lovato is a singer that i like!  &amp; btw, i wasnt cleopatra, i was just a commoner.
@lazyPeaches thanks for the follow  Another tweeting puppy ;)
@LB_sweetpea Have fun....give Jordan another hug for me 
@LB0502 Hahaha!! Toady lmao im assuming you meant today? Good luck in the exam  see you there!
@lb1020 Thanks LB  and im hollerinnnn tooo
@LBad aww thanx laurel...yu do hav a soft side  lol
@LBC_Shopper thats if i can find someone to go with . roomates pass just expired. and brother is out getting drunk somewhere 
@lbcgabrielle and def down for a shopping mission! I saw blow up palm trees that have a base for ice and drinks! amazingly luau!  
@lbchaser hey dude hope your doing good  miss ya ....
@LBCIslander well not really. We got a small bump today. Horray!! 
@LBergz i love la cantera!!! its a nice shopping area 
@LBheart_Jessica I LOVE shopping at Sephora... not sure if my wallet does though. 
@LBKRepublicans  My pleasure.  I wish Twitter had been around when I was chairman 
@lbo Nice, yeah I just checked your Flickr account and saw all this amazing stuff... got me confused  IconTweaker would be AWESOME.
@LBOI Awesome new backround! 
@LBOI that's fantastic! with your writing skills it comes as no surprise though 
@lboogie007, doing it all from my blackberry - I never twit frm computer, and THERE lies the prob!  lol, and why do u retweet then? Yeh..
@lbrock7 AHHH CONGRATS IMAGICAL!!! im so happy for you guys!! 
@lbrown44 it's up on notices 
@lbryvxn it doesn't help that Rodriguez shot the film in such a way that it feels like a sweaty fuck. 
@lbuckels im coming to waco on saturday. Im bringing your dvds 
@lbutlr Option-m on a Mac gives you  ... but on an iPhone you probably need to enable the Greek keyboard 
@lcaller They'll put mine alongside people who've paid? Doubt it, buggers 
@lcarmell21 YAY! G0 T0M0RR0W!!! I'M READY! 
@lcdahn, happy birthday! i love you. 
@lcdavis I'm happily 'not chosen', it can be my new identity  Excellent journalism opp for you! Well done!
@lcdeloach I love you 
@lceckstrom so i'll ask then. Hopefully they can give me an answer. I'll keep you posted. 
@lceniceros which fifth?? Pretty sure there was more than one involved! 
@LCFLORIDA @shadowhoney  Thanks and thanks! 
@LCLaurenConrad the new series of the hills was on yesterday in uk , it was amazing! you looked really pretty on your birthday too. 
@LcMariah3 if you're using widows, you can download Sony pro vegas 8.. that's the program im using.. 
@lcolwill thanks, friend 
@lcreck u should make a detour n come to leather lounge on 128th n amsterdam 
@LCSsings I LOVE YOU &lt;333 
@lcstranslations i supposed that!  did u get any sleep last nite?lol
@lcstranslations then you're a member of the eh-Team ? 
@LD2k @kampashai sitting next to magicmoment 
@LD2k I expect some good, positive tweets out of you today @ Staples. 
@LD32 aparently he has the day off but will be back tommorrow 
@Ldaltonbrown Hellooooo! i see you!  A x
@LDark Right now I'm so broke though. Curse you, summer tuition and rent! D: But if you visit me one day, I'll cook you food! 
@ldawg86 thanks for the amazing day 
@LDdesignsNM really does feel so, so, so, SO MUCH better!! thank you  you're amazing
@LDGourmet You would be very over qualified for CNN!  
@LDHP Traveling and Tweeting...isnt it fun 
@Ldizzle66 oh it was a pleasure, I'm so glad we got to connect 
@Ldizzle66 yes tatoos def are addicting lol but I'm tryn to stop with 2 
@LDMarshburn naw naw naw...everyone misses you  but that hoe @AshleyMashley , ppl hate on her!!
I've prepared My School Thingy. 
I've published the April Issue and put it on the website  thegoodreadsmagazine.weebly.com
I've put a new article at Estrategi. Go see at http://www.estrategi.no 
I've put my comp entry up  LETS SEE WHAT HAPPENS!! lol
I've put up lots of posters from the national gallery. Really seriously brightens up the place. High art does that 
I've read enough ridiculous stories in the past year to know that #sackdorris is a trend I want to be involved in.  
I've realized that in small cars I get seriously closterphobic and very very nauscious, great way to start my day 
I've recovered from my massive rash attack!  I think it was stress-related D: Stupid timetable clashes...
I've said it before &amp; I'll say it again... I love my gray hair. I wish I had a silver streak like Stacy London. 
I've seen better days... Tomorrow will be one. 
ive seen it!!!! its rlly good n rlly sad but then rlly happy 
I've seen my dearest of friends @AlexvdV en Miln again this weekend! 
I've seen Star Trek just now!! It was sooooooooo fabulous  I wannabe stared at by Chris Pine..... Sexy Shiny Blue Eyes!!
i've seen the New Moon trailer like 10 times!!!!! i just never get sick of it!! and im reading the book again!!!! 
I've seen Up. YOU need to see Up, it's as simple as that 
is phoning with a friend about their ''Titanicdate''  *laugh*
is picked and eaten some fine homegrown lettuce - yummy and great sense of being green 
Is picking up her sissy 
is pimping my ipod with some neww songs 
Is pissed off but happy 
is planning a brand new life 
is planning a routine for Fame Auditions 
Is planning a wonderful senior week. Holiday World twice, swimming the rest of the week with a bunch of friends and some awesome parties! 
is planning for the weekend.  Shutting down soon 
is planning her cake for the birthday boy tomorrow! 24 = old man, bad times 
is planning his week of work and sorting out his review... oh joy 
Is Planning JKJ's Harajuku Party on July! 
Is planning on going to church in the morning  hoping ill sleep better without the lash inserts. Good night 
is planning on seeing the jonas brothers 
is planning to have a caramel day on Thursday 
is planning to load lots of shopping bags with accesories and clothes for both upcoming mom &amp; mom-in law's b'day...next paycheque 
is planning to run at Robinson Preserve tomorrow. 
is plannning to move to eastside manhattan 
is playing a game called &quot;Raw vs Smackdown 09&quot; 
Is playing badminton with my family later! 
is playing farm town  wassup?
Ive slept for about 13 hours so far today! 
ive spent too much money in the last 3 days. i have a bigg shopping problem. =/ hmm.. welp goodnight guys! love all ya'll  DREAM BiGG!
I've started writing an upbeat song :O @NaomiShadow don't know if you might wanna help me? maybe add an awesoem bass -line? 
I've started yet another blog. A Photo Journal this time  http://layla-black.livejournal.com/
I've successfully dual-booted WinXP and Jaunty Jackalope... okey, bedtime! 
I've surrendered my computer to my mother. Time for a nap  Bbq was fun today, especially the ambush.... &gt;]
Ive survived e hectic schedule! *pats on the bck* Thx HIM 4 givin e extra strengths tat i needed for the week. He answered my prayer. 
I've taken the day off today to sit and be smiley  junk food and bad telly are very much the order of the day.
i've taken up coffee! 
I've to say I love you in a song - Jim Croce http://tinyurl.com/d5w2k5 ?? Jim Croce ????????????? 
I've travelled with some friends and got back today, i'm so happy 
I've treated 2 teenagers and a husband.  And I don't charge a thing... Y'all best smile 
Ive tweeted sooo effing much tonite 
I've upgraded Hogo to Rails 2.3.2 now I'm having a pint of Polish Zubr as a reward 
is playing FTC's Stage One (Fairfield Theater) TONIGHT @ 8pm w/the Tim Blane Band. I would love to see all your lovely faces tonight 
is playing grand theft auto!  i did all 50 stunt jumps fuck yes :]
is playing guitar 
Is playing guitar hero with the lil bro!! Get at me 
is playing instead of doing OFA 
is playing matchmaker to one unwilling and one unknowing haha sneaky sneaky 
is playing pet society now. 
is playing Restaurant City 
is playing restaurant city  http://plurk.com/p/y4bku
is playing restaurant city in facebook. 
is playing restaurant city. 
is playing sims 3 on iPhone 
is playing sorority life on facebook. 
is playing Sorry..at work....yep! really THAT bored! 
is playing Texas Hold'em Poker. :&gt; ;)) 
Is playing tha wii 
Is playing The Sims bustin out, then eating lunch and more sims 
is playing the sims3 
is playing the sweetest game ever!  i love Abbie! BESTIEESSSS
is playing tug of war with Tyson 
Is playing with Jotoh 
Is playing with my night owl nephew. In complete awe of the shape life is taking. 
is playing Word Challenge 
Is pleased of the slow but steady progression of BB 
Is pleased our kitty has made it back to US and is now in safe hands of my mom in law 
is pleased the spoilt whining one on britain's got talent only came tenth apparentally 
is pleased to see that England is now through to the super 8s! 
is pleased with the number of MX5's in work today!  I have one!  #mx5
is plurk  http://plurk.com/p/tr52h
is poolside..life is great!! 
is pooped out.. practice tomorrow though... 
is possible. I need LOADS of suggestions to keep #Herooftheday going a while without a break  Thank you! 
is possibly going to sleep? went swimming in jeffers pool at 1 am. haha. taged cars.  awesome fun.
is posting because steven discriminates against people who dont ever post anything 
is practically finished on the essay front ... Brand new video 'Bad News' on myspace and nearly packed 
is practicing songs for performing arts tonight  i wonder what todays lesson will be like...
ive waited 9 yrs &amp; since we ordered the tickets for this day... FINALLY going to see coldplay in concert tonight!!!! so excited!!! 
I've walked the dog, given her meds, brushed her teeth, fed myself and made coffee all by 7am!  I feel so productive!
I've wasted 24,000 Seconds or 400 Minutes or 6.67 Hours or 0.28 Days with 800 Tweets on Twitter!  http://tweetwasters.com 
I've watched almost 10.000 videos on the Youtube. Check out my account  I am awesome....(agree or die)
i've written story and i'll post it in my blog @enn7syn please read it if i've made it 
iview is the best 
Ivona trump is freaking hot 
IWABO, THE SOUNDS, and EYES SET TO KILL.  NEW ABLUMS OUT TODAY :]. And i finished my essay 
iWailani registered friends for change on disney channel and you should to 
Iwant watche the Oprah show today   Iwait it from now to 6 Gm.because Ilove Oprah so much 
Iwatched this with my son... his first time seeing it... he wants to keep watching The Moth.  YES!#s1e6 LOST#WFTB (_WFTB)
iwrestledabearonce  woo! at tyner's with cassie and keonia.
IYSWIM If You See What I Mean 
i'z eatin. i'z awake  http://www.ustream.tv/channel/hamsterhammy
Iz it me or iz MIchael Vick even sexier with his house arrest thingy  ......ooh I luv him !!!!
I'z seeing terminator next week 
iz sleepin ovah @ mai cuzinz howse     n finally saw mai cuz dat moved to texas! havent seen herr fur so longggg
Iz tryin to GuEzZ Wd XaM iZ ToM...ZZzzZZzzz.... 
iz up!!!!! 
Izzy broke my watch band this weekend so I'm over at Perimeter mall getting it fixed + using free wifi via the Apple Store while I do 
Izzymyster (Izzy Rios): How wn doin and thats what she said both made it  lol i called both of them http://twurl.nl/vudln3
J &amp; I are loving Gossip Girl right about now.  And I'm tiredd! Ahaha.  Fun things planned for the weeks ahead. 
J have just opened my twitter! 
J played Top of The World on Jun Style yesterday 
J!NX coming to TTG this weekend 
J, sorry about the bad night, hopefully my workout updates gave you a little humor in your night..  
J.O.N.A.S just premiered on Disney Channel nz and it was...AWESOME 
J2, m*sha is tomorrow 
ja,ja,ja, es q es verdad!! warner in Madrid and then, we wil go to santander!! 
J vo dormi  Xauziin :~ see ya on the scene :9
Jaah the sun have shin today , lovely 
Jac &amp; I finally have a living room &amp; are enjoying good roommate time 
jack arrives today  hurah 
Jack Johnson feels like warm milk  yummm,,,,
jack johnson sounds good 
Jack keeps taking his shots at 360. Now it's time for MAG. WITH LIVE GAMEPLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just what I wanted. 
jack lawless needs to notice me. all he has to do is say hi 
Jackass is such a good show 
Jackass u better have fixied things! Ugh ok on our way to the show  jux inhale! mony chill. Lets see how the rest of the day goes....
Jackie and I are out for Tori's bday. Good times in Mad-Town   http://twitpic.com/6q72g
Jackie thinks she is cool but she really isnt.   Viva La Rico
jackie's grad party tomorrow  cant believe we've been friends for 10 years and now we graduated college say what?
jacob is watching a damn movie.amy is sitting beside me.  her hangoverstilldrunk self. lmfao.
Jacob just did a strike into a pitch kick!!! BEAT!!!! 
Jacobs Team. i wanna b on Jakes team fo real now 
Jacqueline Wilson day on CBBC 
Jacuzzi time and party with some great people.  fun timess. Fun timess.
Jacuzzi tub... Sunflower seeds... 90 schiling... And south park... I'm officially on vacation 
Jada Pinkett Smith anagram = Death Jam Stink Pit. 
Jada's dropping anotha solo + d-block &amp; lox albums 2009. he reminds me so much of nyc, i'm gonna die of emotional reminiscing this year.. 
Jade won't let me sleep peacefully in the bed 
Jaden Nation eats his girlfriends! 
Jag is a sweetie pie!  We just talked for like a half hour.
Jagielka! You legend! The ex-Blade has done well  #fb
Jaguar Black Mug: Beautiful jaguar ornate mug for wild animals lover  Choose mug's style,size and color as we.. http://tinyurl.com/nk8ge3
jail broke my iPod so I could use themes. now I have an alien theme iPod  with little alien head icons. so awesome.
jaime and i are wireless  wooooo... and nicely moved in :3
Jajaja... Just ordered the InStyler... Hope it works like they say... 
jake and i, have a marvelous  idea 
Jake is cooking me tea tonight!!! yuummm steak and vegies. good boy friend i have 
is prayin for refreshing for her friends. you know who u are!  
is PRAYING that she gets paid today.  show me the money!
is praying that their friends Little Carissa and Todd Starnes have a better day today than they did yesterday. 
is preparing a yummy late supper - spring roles 
is preparing for a 4-wk summer class that starts tomorrow! I'm kinda excited! 
is preparing for todays TAB surfing! 15 TEs at one time 
is preparing next week's sked for the entire bureau, except me. I'll be on leave. 
is preparing to b a beach bum 
is preparing to head to Cincy. Surgery is confirmed for tomorrow morning. I'll be offline. Best wishes to you all. Yes, even you. 
is prepping for WAVY/FOX hit on the DTV transition. Watch on FOX43 at 10:20 or WAVY at 11:15 
Is pressing on in the study .3 speaking engagements this week ,the first of which is tonight .. It's all about &quot;joy&quot; tonight ..so smile 
is pretty damned impressed with Denny's corporate Twitter stream, @Dennysallnightr (and @dennysgrandslam AND @dennysgalveston 
is pretty dang tired. but chambers class is for napping. 
Is pretty much hooked on Galaxy chocolate right now 
is pretty much sorted for the ball!!! YEYYYYY, got my shoes and dress 
is processing to ZERO, assigning meaning og what-not. Alls konar ninja-move hins effektva skrifstofumanns 
is processing.  
is procrastinating as usual..and listening to Kid Cudi: A Kid Named Cudi (Mixtape) 
is proud of myself for learning how to drive a stick 
is proud of the full page write up daddy got on p.86 of The Independent today...www.theinternet.co.uk 
is psyched that KLUSTOUT acknowledged her! woot woot! 
is pumped! Brother has posted 1/2 my belongings from sunny UK today  I always said he was a good brother hahaha!!
is putting off English coursework, and is going to get eaten by the witch tomorrow. 
is putting the groceries awayyy &amp; getting ready to make Sunday dinner... for myself 
is putting together a big wish list for her new house 
Is quite addicted to Gordon Ramsay right now 
is quite confident and inspired at the mo 
is quite disappointed. 
is quite proud of our 5th place in Eurovision  it's only coz we put Loydd Webber on the stage tho x
Leavers Entertainment was fabulous! Dont know how we'll top it next year. Now have Kris' No Boundaries on repeat on my mp3! 
leaves college in just 4 days! and is then off on a nice little break to London BRITNEY! at the 02 haha it's a must see! 
leaves for NY on Wednesday! I need to find time between work, sleep, and feeling sick to start packing! I can't wait to see my family. 
leavin for Houston with the lady tomorrow 
leavin for office - plannin to shift there 4ever - n e ways  i come home only to sleep 
Leavin iluvlive now, Bashy did well respect to him... I'll definitely peep the album and show support 
leavin' momo's off to the grocery store then idk... actually get ahad? what a concept 
LEAVIN RUTS BEHIND Single Drops tomorrow! no joke!! 
Leavin the studio About 2 get 2 da house 2 get on that 360 so I can beat @LTLline... Lol o n thx @djksly ima look into all of that! 
Leavin work seein what mess I'm goin to get myself into  lol
Leaving 4 FL  txt me, byeee
Leaving Alcatraz &quot;the rock&quot;  awesome place everyone needs to check this place out
leaving amsterdam for venice (after madrid and barcelona) ... can't believe it's only been a week.. 2.5 wks to go 
Leaving Asbury today  then a week of nothing  then England for 10 days  
Leaving at 09.30, kick off @ 15.00, coach has a bar on it....... Not sure Ill be twittering much today at all 
Jake woke up dry 2 days in a row! big news around here 
Jake.. Another Little Piece Of My Heart !   
jakeller and beeb just left. now me and kb are attempting to finish wedding crashers again. we'll see how far we get 
Jake's mommy just gave me the prettiest ring as my graduation present, I love her! 
Jalopeno kolache 
Jam &amp; Toast on EQX &amp; getting ready to CELEBRATE T's graduation w/a BBQ pahhhty 
jamaica ben good to me, but its time to get back to  &quot; Money York &quot;   BX im coming  home babes
Jamaica, 2 weeks, 19th of July. Fucking A 
jameer might be playing in the finals WHAAAAAAT 
James' computer back  Just realised that I'm obsessed with Gossip Girl after watching one episode :| Now I want to hire the whole series!
James Perse launch in Malibu with a D.Rocket performance. Dinner at Madeos and drinks at Chateau. Social circles overlapping happily 
James Spann with no voice and no tor warnings in this area. Coincidence? I think not. 
James up time to do other things 
JAMES, get off my page please &amp; thank you! 
Jamie dougen #mos bassline sooo good 
Jamie Slocum's NEW CD &quot;Dependence&quot; in stores April 21st .. Don't Forget to get your copy!   #fb
JamLegend.  shall we play?
jammed out a decent riff before lunch, got it recorded for future reference!  Then went up to town CD / guitar shoppin' with the old man.
jammin out to dont stop believin by the cast of Glee 
Jammin To Capital In My Garde  xx
Jammin to RENT on the way to austin with some awesome people. 
jammin' to some LMFAO!!! CHEAAA! that boom boom pow! &lt;3 
Jammin to The Movielife 
jammin to the saturdays! 
is rather excited about going to Hamtown tomorrow with Caleb and Kathleen 
is rather happy this morning  is actually happy for some of the changes that have happened at work and for one that's to come. YAY!!
Is Raving To A Mix He Did The Other Night   x
is reading &quot;The Terrorist Recognition Handbook&quot;  for fun  (http://bit.ly/NrTbc)
is reading (my favorite pastime) 
is reading Albert Mohler's blog... Interesting and thought provoking. Oh I heard that he tweets! 
is reading Artemis Fowl, there actually quite an excellent read  Thanks Cooper xD
Is reading Emma's Story By, Stephani R Jenkins. It's great so far! 
is reading Laplace's convolution theory and get convoluted 
is reading 'Les Liaisons dangereuses' by Choderlos De Laclos 
is reading manga now 
is reading new moon 
is reading Proverbs.   &quot;The blessing of the Lord makes one rich. And He adds no sorrow with it.&quot; -Proverbs 10:22
