good morning ! 
Good morning !  all relaxed after laughing so hard last night, now starting the day with a game  of Wii tennis against @ms_powder
Good morning !  'Neatza  http://bit.ly/SGDQi
GOOD MORNING !  Time to get up :/
good morning !  whew ! preparing for tomorrow. =.=
Good morning ! another lovely sunny day; back from my first meeting to find another wedding booking in my inbox 
Good morning ! Beautiful morning, 75min progression run in prep for race next weekend.  Drinking a cup of java 
Good morning !! New day new chance  Is better to setup some motivation from morning. Day go better then and time disapire  Good Luck!
good morning !!! feelin exhausted !!! lucky me - im off today 
good morning !!! It's 10.22 am in Germany and today i go shopping 
Good morning #JobAngels A very happy Tuesday to you all. Welcome new members! We appreciate you joining in our cause to help &amp; be helped 
Good morning #TwitterTribe... well crap it's almost afternoon! 
Good Morning (:        I'm singing       ( I try to be happy /or not... )
Good morning , Perfect song for the day  http://yttwt.com/0acir
good morning , school bbq today, not going to go to it though, going to come home early 
Good Morning . Start of what's gonna be another busy week 
good morning ... hope you all did sleep well 
good morning ...! buenos dias..!  nice day to chill with friends and have fun 
Good morning ..sunday funday!! Off to get ready for church 
Good Morning @  all 
GOOD MORNING @BentleyBeaver, have you seen Robot chicken starwars? It's funny. 
good morning @hessomelo 
good morning @keshiaford   
Good morning @personified  Great conversation and discussion yesterday!! Thanks to you....
Good morning @SlowFoodReno, The book is called Healthy Bread in 5 Minutes a Day http://tinyurl.com/qj9rbs comes out in October! 
Good Morning @weluvsoccer 
Good Morning =/ Time for one last class and i'm done  yay!!! Can't wait to be outta here.
good morning 39 ...thank you girls @sarlitchin @annapickard @marjanholsreis 
good morning again  - hopefully the day will be good as well... i'm going to check the things which have to be done today.
Good Morning Al!  @alwoods
Good morning all  And specially to @TPO_Hisself for all his kind referrals 
Good morning all  Been at work 3 hrs so 4 1/2 to go then the weekend starts for me yaay. Hope you've all had brill Fri night/Sat morning!
Good Morning All  Good Night For Some 
good morning all - just two more days till I go get Cilla from Virginia and bring her to Houston forever 
good morning all  Let's choose to have a great day...
Good Morning All  RC http://bit.ly/tH4Uq
Good morning all  Today looks like it is gonna be a BEAUTIFUL day  Enjoy...
Good Morning All  Today will be a great Tuesday. I can feel it. 
Good Morning All A lovely day of rain here in Des Moines, Lovin' the price of energy this past month  53 dollar energy bill for the month
Good Morning all my Twitter friends! 
Good Morning all my twitter peeps 
Good morning all my twitters 
Good morning all of you 
Good morning all you stateside folks who are just waking up! 
Good morning all! 
Good Morning All!   Hope everyone is doing well on this Monday!   Thanks for all the #followfriday recos!   I am blessed!
good morning all!  getting ready on going to college!
Good morning all!  I am starting the day with a smile and getting it over with. 
Good morning all! Coffee is good! 
Good morning all! Cold &amp; rainy in Hamburg â€“ perfect conditions to spend some tweeting the latest stuff... 
Good morning all! Hope everyone is enjoying there Saturday 
Good morning all! It's a glorious day to do 2 shows! Here we come! 
Good morning all! It's going to be another beautiful sunny day and I'll be hopped up on allergy medication. Ahh. Monday! 
Good Morning All! Live today like the triumphant being you are. Don't let nobody steal ur joy! One Love! 
Good morning all! Nothing like coffee and @todayshow to get the day started 
Good morning all! the biggest question, to go the beach or not? 
Good morning all! Yet another beautiful day. Take some time out to tell someone what you're greatful for today...or tell me  Blessings!
Good Morning all!!   We have Thunderstorms and Hail right now...
Good morning all!!!  Getting to help clean the house and then who knows??? ;)
Good Morning All!!!  I'm skyping with my sister, finishing up a scrapbook page and then I guess i'll feed the family 
Good Morning all!!! Getting ready for the first day at my internship...I'm so excited to learn!! Have a good day tweeple 
good morning all, and what a lovely morning it is 
Good morning all, having my first coffee of the day  yum, had a fake miley follow me ...i was so excited too. xx.
Good morning all, I'm awake now  just added some tracks to http://tinyurl.com/psso8v #hiphopfriday sweeeeet
Good morning all, its a nice warm and sunny day in Glasgow 
good morning all. 
Good Morning all.   @joelcomm @jakepress @foxandfriends @2createawebsite @ClaytonMorris  @THE_REAL_SHAQ
Good Morning all. 8am in the UK here  why am i up so early when i dont have school anymore?
Good morning all. All ready for work. Today better be not busy I like to day dream 
Good Morning all. Have a wonderful w-end 
Good morning all. I hope today brings hope and joy to all of us 
Good morning all. I just pulled my first veggie from my jalapeï¿½o plant   http://yfrog.com/3jwuij
Good morning all. I slept quite well. Just going to get ready now. It looks slightly gloomy outside. Getting ready  Tweet y'all later!
Good morning all. Quite serene and cool here. Aaah, the birds; they r twittering, as always. Knew I'd go there, huh?. Heh heh. Peace all 
Good Morning All... Took the weekend off from Tweeting, but back at it again today.  Hope all of you had a great weekend!  Take Care 
Good Morning ALL....Yet, another bright sunny day.....Not complaining 
Good morning all...another perfect day in paradise has begun for me, and no work tomorrow either...bonus! 
good morning and evening 
Good Morning and God Bless! I'm going to get my church in! I do apologize that I will not be able to tweet during see you soon though. 
Good morning and good week! Keep smiling... It is contagious! 
Good Morning and Happy Friday everyone! I'm back to the A today! Yay me! 
Good morning and happy Friday!! Today's my last day in the Toronto office! And I work till noon!! 
Good Morning and Happy Monday.  I feel great this morning, unsure why.    1on1: 30-15 DONE.   http://bit.ly/3icH49
Good morning and happy saturday! Going to get a massage soon...yay 
good morning and hiii! 
good morning another sunny Friday 
Good Morning Babies! i slept soo good last night! well anywho hope u guys hv a great day! 
Good Morning back to you!  @breatheagain
Good morning beautiful people  - coffee &amp; sun ... 
Good morning beautiful people!  How is everyone today?
Good morning beautiful, how was your night? Mine was wonderful with you by my side. 
Good morning Belgium! 
Good morning bitches and hoes!  I just got to work ran half way and then took the bus
good morning bitches... 
Good morning busy MariSmith!  Back to earth!  Have a sunny Sunday!!! 
Good Morning Carla! Hilarious about you and Hubby...  @CarlaNix
Good morning Chirps!! Kind of gloomy here in NW Pa...but that's not stopping the RBGB from singing his heart out 
Good Morning Cupcake! 
Good morning day off!!! 
Good Morning -Dixie Land today with the kids! Wow I have the best job. 
Good Morning Dolls!!  xoxoxoxo
good morning dubs. 
Good Morning Earth Planet / Bon matin La Terre !!  ( Frank Sinatra â€“ Fly Me to the Moon (In Other Words) )  â™« http://blip.fm/~7sl7c
Good morning Echelon 
Good Morning eFolks... In my way to Milan for Hack-Up... After a great night and few hours sleep 
Good morning Europe  and the rest of the Twitterverse as well... Red Bull &amp; chocolate kickstarting my Sunday.
good morning everone. hope you guys have good mood.  oh yeah and #chesterday
Good morning every1 have a wonderful weekend  - http://tweet.sg
Good morning every1. What up? Tommorrow with Janis to Gibraltar, Cadiz, maybe Portugal. Dunno yet 
good morning everybodee!  finally turning in for a few.  looking fwd. to going to kahala mall for WFM chef demos http://tinyurl.com/cqpmgq
Good morning everybody  13:51... y ya tengo hambre!
good morning everybody  A New Day but the same hard work ........ drink coffee and talk to my friends *gg*
Good morning everybody  have a nice day
Good morning everybody ! @30SECONDSTOMARS i'm impatient to listen &quot;this is war&quot; album, i love your work 
Good morning everybody!  How was your sleep?
good morning everybody! 80dgrees in oklahoma today, beautiful 
Good Morning everybody! Have managed to put my boots on for first time in days - yay! Foot feeling much better 
Good Morning everybody! Hope you have a great day ahead 
Good Morning everybody! Lovely day to go swimming (which I am in 15 minuits) 
Good morning everybody! Today looks like a good day for atlanta 
Good Morning everybody! what a lovely day woke up to the sound of birds going tweet tweet  off to take a long shower tweet later &lt;3
GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY!!! The sun is shining and i dont have to work today. 
Good morning everybody. Hope you enjoy this day 
Good morning everybody. The sun is shining and i dont have to work. 1hat else doe a girl want 
Good Morning everybody.. How is everyone doing today? Its fine winter morning here in Brisbane 
Good morning everyone   It's race day!
Good morning everyone  .. Running late at Usual =/ ...
gOod Morning everyOne  am
good morning everyone  hope this monday finds you well
Good morning everyone  I am getting ready for school and about to eat some breakfast &lt;3 I woke up starving for some odd reason. =]
Good Morning everyone  Im soooooo happy and i dont know why ?!
Good Morning everyone  no school today.
good morning everyone  some work for me today, delivering prints to customer and then it's weekend YAY! but now some coffee (_)D
good morning everyone  such nice day...yea right...its going to rain definitely =(
Good morning everyone  today i have the whole day off, yay!
good morning everyone  weather is pretty shitty today... =(
Good morning everyone  Welcome to my new followers and (((BIG HUG))) to everyone! Hope your Monday morning is moving along spectacularly!
good morning everyone ! I  just finished my nieces B Day cake a couple of hrs ago .... tiered but more to do .. 
Good Morning everyone ! Up and ready to do monografï¿½a !!! *sniff sniff* sigh, coffee  !!! Missing @Shiara , sissy pooooo where are youuuu!
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE IN THE WORLD!!  Wake up and start moving!! Its time to have fun!! YAAAAYYY!!!! 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE NICE DAY TODAY 
Good morning everyone out there! Ready to rock the day? 
Good morning everyone!  And to my fabulous UK friends, Good late-afternoon/early evening   And to everyone in between...well...HI!
Good Morning everyone!  Happy Fucking Friday!  
Good Morning everyone!  Have a great Monday!  Thanks for following!  
good morning everyone!  hope every has a great day  #BSB
Good morning everyone!  Hope your Mondays are off to a good start 
Good Morning everyone!  it is another beautiful day here in Maine. 
good morning everyone!  mmmm i want doughnuts for breakfast.. i really dont feel like going out to get them!! haha
Good morning everyone!  Today woke up very determine to reduce my carbon footprints to reduce global warming. Who's with me?
good morning everyone! Another beautiful day in Texas... getting ready for church 
Good morning everyone! Anyone wanna come by cafe 7 today and lunch is on me!  
Good morning everyone! Got a package from Granma...let's see what's inside! 
good morning everyone! happy saturday! gettin ready to go get a haircut 
Good morning everyone! Have an awesome day! 
Good Morning everyone! Hope you all slept well 
good morning everyone! hope you have a lovely day 
Good Morning Everyone! Hot Topics is just minutes away!! ~Ashley 
Good morning everyone! I am going back to bed for a few. lol    Have a great day everyone!
good morning everyone! I hope you all have a great sunny day 
Good morning everyone! I love waking up to sex in bed 
good morning everyone! ih ope you all have a fantastic day! 
Good morning everyone! I'm feeling blessed 
Good Morning Everyone! It's a rainy day all nice and dreary here  I don't know who got our sunshine but please return it to me soon. 
Good Morning Everyone! Its Friday, the Sun is shining and its a bank holiday weekend. Life is GOOD 
good morning everyone! its game day! whooo hooo. GO LAKERS 
Good morning everyone! Man I havnt been on in so long. Been busy. I'll get back to my tweeting ways today 
Good morning everyone! Time to get into reality. Today's gonna be a sunny day, I hope for everyone! 
Good morning everyone! Woke up a little later than normal, but was still able to get my workout in. 
Good morning everyone!! Deckie is in total mood swings today, so off to twitter web to see who's up 
good morning everyone!! going to ride some bmx today 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!! 
good morning everyone!!!  my Mom woke me up, she needs a little help with the computer. I'm such a good daughter... 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!! AHHH ITS SO EARLY AND IM UP.... THINKING ABOUT GOING TO THE BEACH AND RUNING... LOVE THAT I LIVE SO CLOSE 
Good morning everyone, had a bit of a sleep in today 
Good morning everyone, hope you all have a good day 
Good morning everyone, how is everyone today? Have a Blessed day! 
Good morning everyone, you have to watch this! It is just ~that~ funny   http://bit.ly/2fzwGx
Good morning everyone.  How are you? Go on; telll me!
Good morning everyone.  Nice &amp; cloudy outside. Getting out of this bed &amp; starting this day. Bye for now!!
Good morning everyone. Going to eat a good breakfast now 
good morning everyone. Happy start of the new week 
Good morning everyone. Have a great day. 
Good morning everyone. I hope everyone has a good monday and can't wait to see what the week brings for me...  
Good morning everyone. I'm sure glad I'm in Phoenix and not Denver! 
Good Morning Everyone. Looks Like Today's Gonna Be A Beautiful One. Gonna Try And Get Out And Get Some Vitamin D.  Happy Hump Day Ya'll 
Good morning everyone. Surprisingly, even after staying up till 2:30am, I'm wide awake here at 8:20.  Go figure 
Good morning everyone. Welcome new followers 
Good morning everyone... heading out 2 meet w my partner to discuss our book.  Happy Friday! will catch up later 
Good Morning everyone...Enjoy this beautiful Sunday!  it's breakfast time...later. 
Good morning everyone...Fina go have early drinks with Drii then go get the outline of my new sleeve done 
Good morning everyone...I feel like listening to Iration-Fallin'!!!  Chi-huuuuuuuuu 8 hours till the weekend  â™« http://blip.fm/~7p103
good morning everyone; had a nice sleep after that tko in the 2nd round 
Good Morning Fav Tweeps, What a beautiful day here in Oregon, What kind of weather are you having? Are you ready to get started? 
Good morning fellow tweeps  How was your weekend?
Good Morning fellow tweeters 
Good morning fellow Tweeters! Happy Tuesday 
Good morning fellow tweeters! Hope everybody had a good sleep! And HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all the moms out there 
Good morning fellow Twitees 
Good Morning fellow twitters 
GOOD MORNING FELLOW TWITTERS....AESOP ROCK ROCKED MY MORNING DRIVING TO WORK...  you're so great.... &lt;3
Good Morning ff, having coffee and watching CNN while tweeting on my PSP 
Good morning FFEEPS  http://ff.im/-3sojl
Good Morning foggy freezing Melbourne!!! Have a nice day everyone, cause I definitely will! Woot woot!!! 
Good Morning Folks!  This is the day that the Lord has Made! Can't wait to see @MrRamirez01 after church! 
Good morning folks! It's a chilly Tuesday morning and I'm ready for the day! I think... 
Good Morning Folks! Today you can call me Nerdy Nerdason because I'm so super excited about SIMS 3 coming out! 
Good morning folks, blue sky, fresh air and bullshit in politics going on. Its time to tweet! 
Good morning folks. I see Contessa Brewer is lookin' good as ever this morning 
Good Morning Free Comic Book Day!  #fb
Good morning friends  Starting my day off with coffee....
Good morning friends @YonishTrash @HiceRE @BobBarclay @Snookie007 @Amity_Cafe @USCrudeOil  Have a great day! 
Good Morning Friends! 
Good morning friends! Concentrate on what you want to accomplish TODAY. Don't look ahead to the rest of the week. Hugs &amp; handshakes 2 ya! 
Good Morning Friends! Quote: The road of success is always under construction.! 
good morning friends. 
good morning friends... have a very nice day with a lot of sun 
good morning friendzies!!! got a little info from a Portuguese fan of Ali: The show was awesome and Ali has worn a lovely yellow dress 
Good morning from Chicago! Hope your day will be a smooth day 
good morning from italy 
Good Morning from Western Pennsylvania! 
Good morning Gene! It's getting there on the east coast... you know the state you never knew existed! 
good morning germany here i come... how are you today? i'm fine 
Good morning girls!! @atiysanlee @eirashinoda @superaf 
good morning good morning!! 
good morning guys  back on the air! gonna do the morning 3 some in a few! call and win some tixx 1888 414 2104
Good morning guys  New car is coming
good morning guys ! today I will have to work on a book from Jean Giono AND make some jewelry ! what a day 
good morning guys :] 3 and a half days of school left for me yayyyy 
Good morning guys and gals, class in half an hour and I'm not ready 
Good morning guys! Have a wonderful day...I have a busy one  TweetTYL
GOOD MORNING HUNNY BUNS!  8 am classes are definitely no fun! 2 wks till my 20th bday! but HEY who's counting! 
Good morning Illinois!  http://bit.ly/9GhQx #bigrigtravels
GOOD MORNING INTERNET! hope you are all well  having a GREAT morning here and i love you sam &lt;3, PLUTO IS A VHJHKBJNPKON;
good morning internet. confirmation party at one. gotta love this time of year. my tummy does at least. 
Good morning it's back to school for the kiddos  woo hoo!!
good morning its the best dayy ever my friend have the new twilight dvd  yeah sleepover
good morning Jakarta!! What a good night sleep 
good morning Josh 
Good Morning Kentucky! 
Good morning kids... who else out there is recovering from the weekend? 
good morning ladies 
Good morning love 
Good Morning Love..... 
Good morning lovelies! 
Good morning lovelies.! 
Good morning lovely people. Have a blessed day. live like today has never happened... cuz it hasn't. 
good morning lovely twitter fiends! Wishing everyone a great and prosperous day. Also.......... dig that sunshine 
Good Morning loverly people  Ahhhh, warm weather today = booobies ))
Good Morning Loves 
Good morning manchester ... Can't wait to get back to good old preston 
good morning Meeting World 
Good morning my beautiful peops! the sun is shining here..and I feel really happy this morning! how are you all? 
Good morning my bebe hunny hotness chick magnet! 
good morning my dear friends! and what a lovely day it is too.... sunny, warm.... and my back up support has arrived 
Good morning my dear friends! I pray you all have a blessed beautiful day! God bless you 
Good morning my fellow tweeters 
Good Morning my fellow tweeters! 
good morning my fellow tweethearts. wow still dizzy from chat room experience yesterday 
good morning my fellow tweets hope your day has started off great make the most of your weekend 
Good morning my friends...how are you? Today is going to b a wonderful day 
Good morning my lil chickadees! Wakey Wakey! Time to get up! sorry this is a bit late  I've been up 2 hours 
Good morning my lovely twitterlings 
Good morning my peoples!  I'm looking forward to a day of yard work, and, yes, I'm seriously looking forward to it.  
Good morning my twitter friends 
Good morning my twitter friends! Haha 
Good morning my twitter stalkers. Ay am so tired today. Had an amazing nite and am happier than a fat kid at a candy store 
Good morning Nebraska! The wind has died down, the sun is shining. Still colder than cold though. Wear a coat 
Good Morning nerds 
Good morning Neverland!!! 
Good morning New York and all you Twitter junkies!  I'm beginning work on a really cool project with the German fashion mag today. Fun!
Good morning off to work 
Good Morning on this beautiful sunny Tuesday. Let's enjoy the weather while it lasts; more rain is on the way; be creative + make creams 
Good Morning on this very lovely and sunny Sunday 
Good morning or good afternoon, my friends! How's everyone today? Beautiful day here in Chicago. Much to do... but first - CAFFEINE! 
Good Morning Peeps 
Good Morning peeps! 
Good morning peeps! A hot/cold day and I need to change my look 
Good morning peeps! I hope you all have a jolly good week! 
Good Morning Peeps! it's friday! be happy!! 
good morning peeps!! and happy Tuesday! I'm headed out the door for some hilly intervals before it gets too hot!  back soon! 
Good morning peeps....had the greatest dinner ever last night 
GOOD MORNING PEOPLE  I'M DRESSED UP ALL SAILORISH LAYING ON MY GRASS ENJOYING THE SUN 
good morning people  McFLY's coming to Brazil really soon, yeye \o/
Good Morning People  What A Lovely Day, Eh? Sat Here Watching Nickelodeon! What Else Are Sundays For? x
good morning people of earth!  JONAS DAY!! cant wait!!
good morning people of twitter  mmm egg hot pocket  lol.
Good morning people!  Feeling pretty good today. Listening to George Micheal &quot;Cowboys and Angels&quot; LOVE this song. One of my favorites 
Good Morning people!! 
good morning Philippines. 
Good morning ppl  Hoping to get rid of this Monday morning feeling!
Good Morning ppl wats up kisses to the ladies and daps to the fellas.. I'm back like I never left wats up y'all!!! 
Good morning ppl!!!! 
Good Morning ppl.. jst woke up.. hope everybody is fit n fine..!! 
Good morning ppls 
Good morning ppl's 
Good Morning- saw this http://bit.ly/NcEfJ  Had to laugh-good laugh is always worth sharing 
Good Morning Shakti!  @shaaqT
Good morning Southampton. Good morning twitter. Wonder what today will bring. 
good morning Spain 
good morning stalkers, sports fand, friends and family! 
good morning starshine the earth says hello lol (: off to dennys w/ the family  (kevins jealous cause he cant have carbs) lol jk
Good morning starshineeee, the earth says hellooo 
good morning stweeps! -sweet tweeps!  play offs have begun! off to baseball i go!
Good morning Sunday. Disney channel is working for me this morning  cute shows
Good morning Sunshine   Tiime for $chooooL ! lol . BBL`
Good morning sunshine!!  http://myloc.me/1oef
Good morning sunshine(s)  Now back to bed 
Good morning sunshine, the earth says hello.  hahaha makes me laugh everytime
Good morning Sunshine. The Earth says hello! 
Good Morning sunshine... 
good morning sunshines 
Good Morning Susan!  @sbwalsh
Good morning Swap friends! I hope you are enjoying this beautiful Saturday! 
good morning to 7am 
Good morning to ALL  ? http://blip.fm/~6subv
Good morning to all followers. I wish you a nice Tuesday and good luck with your business. | Allen Verfolgern einen sonnigen Dienstag.  
Good Morning to ALL my followers. Just because I dont speak to you all doesnt mean Im not watching! Have a great day all of you 
Good morning to all my sweet tweets *waves*  Xxx
Good Morning to all not already enjoying the water 
good morning to all of you! 
Good morning to all our customers, have a great week ! 
Good morning to all our new followers! Let me know if there if anything we can do for you! 
Good Morning to all who Tweet  
good morning to all!  even though I was up about 3 hours ago  day off today JONAS sneek peak this afternoon! i love NIck,Kevin,and Joe
Good morning to everybody 
good morning to everyone 
good morning to everyone! 
Good Morning to everyones Twitters!  Have a nice Monday and hope to a wonderful week! 
Good morning to most, goodnight to me 
good morning to our new followers @koriopjl @publishindustry @automationBC and to the rest of the twitter world. 
Good morning to the world!! I love you all 
Good morning to the world. Hope everyone is ok 
Good morning to those along the east coast that are just waking up. Hope you have a fantastic Tuesday 
Good morning to those who just woke up! 
good morning to tweets! how are you?  today it's sunny hope it will last
Good morning to you all 
GOOD MORNING TO YOU ALL...........UP DRINKING MY COFFEE........LOOKING FOR A JOB 
Good Morning to you my lovely ladies. When I am in a very emotional mode, I write best. So stayed up all night.  @SoakUpLiving @BonnieRN
Good Morning to YOU!  
Good morning too all - Good morning to my coffee 
Good morning too you!!!!  @TropicsZ4: &quot;RB@musecrossingGood Morning   @verawooten @JODYGIRL162Thanks &quot; â™« http://blip.fm/~7jp9o
good morning twatters  interviewing mae today. what are you doing?
Good morning Tweepers! Let's stay positive &amp; an inspiration to all those peeps u encounter today. A bit cloudy out, but no chance of rain 
Good Morning tweeple! Have a wonderful Wednesday 
Good Morning Tweeple! Make today a great day! And continue to spread love...  
Good Morning Tweeple, #musicmonday is great  http://bit.ly/jF0wQ and yes I checked out #WolframAlpha watch out Google!
Good morning Tweeple. Looking forward to another wonder-filled day 
Good morning tweeple...  
Good Morning Tweeple...4th straight day at the gym, those new Apple Bottom jeans I just bought have truly been an inspiration  
Good morning tweeple...do something for yourself today! and for others too! You'll be amazed how good it feels 
good morning tweeple..enjoyin my second day off...abt to meet 'her' 
Good morning Tweeples!  Last day to enter the &quot;Sugar and Spice&quot; Giveaway and win a gorgeous bracelet! Stop on by! http://is.gd/LFqW
Good Morning tweeps!  En el trabajo 
Good morning tweeps!  Now this is a much better morning 
Good morning tweeps!  On our way to a character breakfast! Whee!
GOOD MORNING TWEEPS! ALMOST 6AM. JUST GOT ME A MORNING &quot;FIX&quot;.  THANX BOSS MAN! GETTN READY 4 WORK. TGIF!!! AND ITS A 3 DAY WKND!!
Good morning tweeps! Bust out the coffee and elbow grease it's Monday 
Good morning tweeps! Day 2 begins now! Wish me luck! 
good morning tweeps! hope you had a great weekend!  here's a pic from my welland visit on saturday. enjoy  - http://twurl.nl/lcub18
Good morning tweeps! I pray that you all have a blessed day 
good morning tweeps. Its a bike and train journey to work today and its not raining! Hope you all have a great day 
good morning tweeps. skipping the gym this am to write some. Dont worry though....Treadmill Punishment to commence around lunch time 
Good morning tweeps... Today will be better than yesterday and tomorrow better than today! It feels good to be blessed 
Good morning Tweepsland! Makin' it a great Monday! Huge shout out to all my followers .. muah, muah! I appreciate you all  
Good morning tweet empire. Tho I still don't understand y we need you when we have facebook and status updates 
good morning tweet people 
Good morning tweet stars. 
good morning tweet world 
Good morning tweet WORLD , how ya all doing , well im fantastic and am so oooba excited that I have 8 weeks to go before my boy is born 
Good morning tweetcakes... 
Good morning tweeters 
Good Morning Tweeters - doing the Internet and e-mail with a nice cuppa tea! 
Good morning tweeters - fingers crossed today 
Good morning tweeters ..  what a day it is going to be 
Good Morning Tweeters and what a lovely day it is outside    #savekitt
Good morning Tweeters hope everyone has a blessed Sunday. 
good morning tweeters!! 
GOOD MORNING TWEETERS!,Big Day Today For One Im Going Shopping For All That Im Missing For My Trip To D.R. &amp; Its LIZ's College Graduation 
Good morning tweethearts  I'm gonna start 2day off with some french toast and eggs!! YUMMY! Welcome all my new followers!!!!
Good morning tweeties  how are You doing? Great sunny weather in Germany
Good morning Tweeties! Off to the gym..a great way to start the day! 
Good Morning Tweeties~finally going home today 
Good morning Tweetland.. looks like the week is getting off to a decent start.. the sun has pushed the rain aside.. Thanks Mother Nature 
good morning tweets  did you all sleep well?? i did )
Good Morning tweets  It's a beautiful day ! Embrace it !
Good morning tweets  salutations
Good Morning tweets !! Up bright &amp; early  BEAUTIFUL MORNING IN NJ â€¦ off to enjoy it
Good morning tweets! 
good morning tweets!  here's hoping we all get some sales today!  
Good Morning Tweets! God is still in control, YAY! means an easier day for me.  MUST..REMEMBER..THIS!  
Good morning Tweets! Its a beautiful sunny morning here in Michigan! Need more coffee though. 
Good Morning Tweets!!  Welcome to my newest followers.  Let me know what you want to know about.  
Good Morning Tweets... 
Good morning Twietnam! Hope everyone is having fun today and that the very grey day is not spoiling your Sunday love 
Good morning twiggaz!!! It's Sunday &quot;Funday&quot; LOL Go to Church if you can. God bless! I love you all 
Good morning twiiters! what a beautiful day today,, 
GOOD MORNING TWIT BUDS  THANK GOD FOR THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY!
Good Morning Twit Fam!!! Woke Up smiling again today 
Good Morning TwitEarth! 
good morning twiter land . peace and blessings to you all 
good morning twits 
Good Morning Twits   Just woke up, had to do some stuff for work, now im just chilling until the family luncheon... txt me!
Good Morning Twitter 
Good Morning Twitter   I m up from a restless nite... Still no cable UGH.  weather is sucky.  so taking it easy today.....
Good Morning Twitter !   ( well it's technically nearly afternoon)  Going for a subway when Leanne and Codie finish school. Yay 
Good Morning Twitter Buds  Slept really good last night now getting ready for work 
good morning twitter critters. 
Good Morning Twitter Folks   Another cracking day in the Hebrides 
Good morning Twitter Land!! Wassup  #Battleground
Good morning twitter loves!!!!! Today I begin a new life. For I am the master of my abilities. Today will be a great and beautiful day 
good morning twitter tweet tweet 
good morning twitter tweeters  find me
GOOD morning twitter world  ! I am in a great mood this am, hope you are too!
Good morning twitter world  how are we all?  Tweetgenius 1.08 seemd good to far 
Good morning Twitter world! Here's to a positive Monday! 
Good morning Twitter! @Matik Good night 
Good Morning Twitter! I slept SO good!  I had a dream about @aplusk but nothing kinky... it was kind of boring actually but I slept good!
good morning twitter! if you are a GR tweep hope you're heading down to #festivalgr today! i must go to the studio and work...no tweeting 
GOOD MORNING TWITTER!!!  GOOD MORNING EV1!! 
Good Morning twitter, it's weekend today.... 
Good morning twitter. Getting ready to leave for Florida  YAY, I needed this mini vacation!
good morning twitter. hows everyone doin? have a nice day a church.    |   watchin crank 2. . . .  again. =p
good morning twitter. I realized last night both my parents hate me 
good morning twitter.. &quot;you will only have significant success with something that is an obsession&quot; 
Good morning twitter... 
Good morning Twitter...busy day ahead, shareholder's agenda and revenue meetings with the stakeholders, no worries, all on schedule... 
good morning twitterbugs  dealin w/ an HBCU can be so frustrating sometimes...thank GOD they have better ppl @ Meharry than Howard
good morning twitterbugs  I hope Kaiser will hook a sister up with an eye exam today!
Good morning twitterers! 
Good morning twitterers! Finally worked/slept and no distubances during night shift!!! Hope you had a calm night, too.  Have a nice day!!
Good morning twitterland  http://bit.ly/104zcE
Good morning twitterland! 
good morning twitter-land! 
Good morning twitterland!! Be safe, have wonderful day, and God bless!! 
Good morning twitterland!... Remember that you can't turn over a new leaf if THE TREE IS DEAD!!!!!! Be blessed..... 
Good morning twitterland. Happy Monday 
Good morning twitterland. The sun is out in Chicago.. heading to the green market.. maybe a bike ride by the lake.. All the best to you 
Good morning Twitterlings! Heading out garage sale'ing this morning. Looking for some bargains!  LOL
Good Morning Twitters 
Good morning twitters  How are u?
Good morning twitters! just had a well needed coffee 
Good morning twitters! three more days to go to my vac 
Good morning twitters! Tuesday... but like Thursday 
Good Morning Twitters!!!  time for morning coffee 
Good morning twitters!!! Got my 3 hours of sleep and now the day can begin 
Good morning twitters, rise and shine people 
Good Morning Twitters. . .I am already here at work.... 
Good morning twitters. How are you all doing. It's another sunny day and your reading seb86 twitter post. LOL! 
Good Morning Twitters. New Profile &amp;&amp; Default. 
Good morning twitters. Quick shower then setting up my mini office to get shit done 
Good Morning Twitters..  Love you all
Good morning Twitters; time to set the agenda  and tone for the day 
Good morning twitterverse!  VERY busy weekend this weekend.  Saturday was all Wii.  Sunday was all work.   Hope everyone had a great one!
Good morning twitterverse! Going to work, BBL!  Have a great day, everyone!
Good morning Twitterverse! Hope you all have a great day 
Good Morning Twitterverse! We have a sunny day here today, and im so thankful for it bcos im Solar Powered  #pmotm
Good morning Twitterverse. Hope you all have a great start to your Sunday 
good morning twitterverse....coffee is essential this morning...I many be a bit slow till I finish the first cup... 
good morning twitterville   Pay Attention turns negative ways into a positive flow. It's time for change! www.thegamepayattention.com
Good Morning Twitterville  Happy Mother's Day
Good Morning Twitterville!  xoxoxoxo
good morning twitterville! haha im goin to my grandma's house later today! 
Good morning twitterville!!! Sundayy is here...damm the weekend went by fast..!!!  BCK to School 2-morrow =(
Good Morning Twitterville!!!!  I hit &quot;off&quot; instead of &quot;snooze&quot; this morning....thank goodness we're not in session today!   How you do?
Good morning Twitterville, another day in paradise! Editing musicvideos all weekend  *** coffee time ***
Good morning Twitterville. Today, the men at church are serving the women breakfast - can't be late for that!  How are YOU today?
Good morning twitterville...hope you all make it a great day 
Good morning twitterworld i wish you all a nice and quiet day 
good morning twitterworld someone should save me from boredom, i'm watching youtube videos 
Good Morning Twitt-fam everyone have a blessed day! 
Good Morning TwitThought...All people smile in the same language 
Good morning twitties 
Good Morning Twitt-lings. Rise up with the Sun 
good morning twitts 
Good Morning twitts! 
Good morning twitts!! I'm working!! Gotta go now..!! Back at 1 p.m. Bye Bye!! Havea nice day!!!  ...... xxx
Good morning Twitts, just finishing my coffee concert tonight load in 4 pm. I will be twitting from the phone    of course....lol
Good morning twizzler twitters!!! Say that 5 times fast!! LOL well last night was fun but last Friday was wayyyyyyy better!!! 
Good morning twizzlers. Thanks to all the family and friends that came out last night. 
good morning Tworld 
Good Morning T-World 
Good Morning ugh my mo m woke me up. Going to Yuma for i dont know what. Ill let ya know  Chilito
Good Morning UK 
Good morning 'verse - if yr able to stay in bed a bit longer, I'd do so 
Good morning world  it's a rainy morning in Rio.
good morning world  today -&gt; hanging out with isi  haha
good morning world  xox
good morning world ! 
Good Morning World !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
good morning world =] todays gonna be a good day 
good morning world btw 
Good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;D and school now... Hmm new shoes make it better  http://tinyurl.com/dfggwj
Good morning world!  Say after me &quot;Yippppeeeee! It's Friday!!!!!&quot; 
Good morning world!  Today is my bear's 4th birthday 
Good morning world! Back from the Oracle!  Frohen Pfingstmontag Germany! 
Good Morning World! hope everyone has a awesome day! 
good morning world! hope that today would be a LESS crappy day than yesterday 
Good morning world! I am ready to enjoy this beautiful Washington weather.. .little league games, pool and BBQ! 
Good Morning World! I'm ready for a wonderful day 
Good morning world! Its a new day time to start over and get ready for whats in store 
Good Morning world! It's all work-work-work today! 
Good morning World!!  Time to get up and start a beautiful Saturday!  Goin to Whiskey Dix tonight and hopin to here about a new job!  
Good morning world!!!! Yay it's sunny out 
good morning world. | still gotta do 2 presentations for school -_- | pretty nice weather here 
Good Morning World. First: A fresh cup of hot coffee from my new Mashine Dolce Gusto. Second: We will see ... 
Good morning world. I am excited to be back to work. 
Good morning world. I hope all is well. 
Good morning world...it's coffee time 
Good Morning yall hope everyone's nite went well.  Remember be the you can be today and do it will a smile  
Good morning y'all!  Eek! Had to re-design site this morning ... all done! Phew! Now to catch up on twitter  *hugs to all*  Missed you!
good morning y'all! I'm such a potato couch 
Good morning ya'll! I'm up....Thank u God 4 another day!! Tytorey doing the usual arguing b4 school. That brotherly love. LOL 
Good Morning you gawjuss Twitters 
good morning!   Another rainy day here in NE Alabama   How is everyone today?
Good Morning!  *having coffee*LuckyStrike &lt;3*
Good Morning!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jnl7
Good morning!  Another gorgeous day today.  Radio playing Simon and Garfunkel.  Not a bad start to the day 
Good Morning!  Counting today it's 9 business days until I leave on the 21-day Trek2009 - but who's counting??  Time to make the concalls
Good Morning!  Feeling full of it this morning   How about you?
Good morning!  Gonna start this weekend by hitting the gym 
Good Morning!  Happy Sunday! 
Good morning!  Have a nice Friday!  xxoo
good morning!  Hope everyone enjoys their Sunday! 
good morning!  hope everyone has a &quot;fun&quot; monday lol
Good morning!  Hope everyone has a great day and is able to enjoy the beautiful weather  
GOOD MORNING!  i have nothing to do, and the weather is somewhat perfect for sleeping. i would totally love to doze off in bed right now
Good Morning!  I slept in so late today w/o sleeping so late x.X Midnight max. haha
Good morning!  It's 8:11am - I couldn't sleep xD.
Good morning!  It's a beautiful cold sunny day! I love days like this.
Good morning!  It's Friday and the beginning of a holiday weekend.  I hope whatever you have planned, you have fun and are safe!  
Good Morning!  Lis is jealous of Riley's 'rents for being out at sea.  The pups got up at 5:30 but now are back to sleep so Lis can study 
Good morning!  Now then, its monday morning, its early, it can mean only one thing... kettle on! Come on chaps, who's going to bring cake?
Good Morning!  Running some errands in the city and then out tonight!!! 
Good morning!  Seriously where is the sunshine?
Good morning!  Singapore time: 11.14am
Good Morning!  So much to do today 
Good morning!  So sunny and warm (warm to be in Norway that is...) outside!
Good Morning!  Thank God that this is the last week of school! WOOHOO!!
Good Morning!  The Sun is shining  Can't wait to get to the pool for swim lessons this afternoon
Good morning!  Today's going to be sunny and hot... and I have to work work work... Guess I could go work outside ;) That's what I'll do!
Good morning!  Welcome to another week 
Good Morning!  With apologies to my MState friends, all I have to say is Woohoo!  Tar Nation!    Better luck next year, boys!
good morning!  woken up by my mum, she asked me if i wanted to follow her and dad to a place in sweden calles &quot;sï¿½derhamn&quot; to by a tv..
Good morning! *sighs* Well I'm finally awake and I think it's time to take a tour 
Good Morning! 2day should be a good family day. My oldest nephew is graduating from high school 2day and there will be a party w/food 
Good morning! Abby has a summer b-day so today she gets to celebrate her un-b-day today w/ her classmates. She's wearing her new dress. 
Good morning! About to get ready and start my day. 
good morning! Amanda's treasury on FP, and I am there with my Petals  What a lovely suprise. Thank you Amanda!! xo
Good morning! And the 3 day weekend begins! Today will be busy, but great! 
Good Morning! Are you centred and balanced this morning? What is your Intention for this day? Do you realize how powerful you are? 
Good morning! Care to join me for a home made latte on the porch? 
Good morning! Central time zone is nice cuz we can sleep later. Ha.  Going 2 Madison, WI today! I think we're gonna explore the town! Yay!
Good morning! Coffee &amp; Tim Tams  Uhm, I'll better make some space on my desk here... ;-)
Good morning! Coffee, cake and cat - CCC  Minki celebrates her 10th birthday... old lady cat but she is still my baby.
Good morning! Come to the fiesta fillipino at lorenzi park today if you wanna see me dance.  performance starts at 2.
Good Morning! Don't forget to buy STAR magazine today to read mine and @bexta04's #bb10 column. Back to Cov for me today 
Good morning! Driving to work 
Good morning! Eating bacon 
Good Morning! Everyone have a blessed  and wonderful Sunday!
Good Morning! Finally the weekend! My goal: Listen to music, play video games, and SLEEP!!! 
Good morning! Finally, Friday is here, and looks like we're in for some great weather! Life is good  #TGIF
Good morning! Got sooo sick last night. x_x But I think I'm fine now. 
Good morning! Gotta love a really good night's sleep! 
Good Morning! Happy Monday, Everyone 
Good Morning! Have a wonderful day and remember a smile can change a life-it might just be the thing somebody needs! 
Good morning! Headin to skool on my last week! 
Good Morning! Hope everyone has a wonderful Monday! 
Good morning! Hope your Monday is off to a good start. Mine will be after a steaming cup o'Joe! 
good morning! i finally had a good night of sleep, now i'm all rested and ready to hang out in the sun like the past few days 
Good morning! I had an incredible sleep. I really needed it. It's Friday!! This afternoon I'll be going out with the girls 
good morning! i hope everyone has lots planned for the bank holiday 
Good Morning! I love Sundays! Walking the dog and going to the grocery store 
Good morning! I need to clean the house today  I have been saying that all week!
Good Morning! I will never get tired of listening to &quot;You Belong with Me&quot; by @taylorswift13. I love it!!   
Good morning! I woke up at 5 this am to the sound of a soft rain tapping on our windows 
Good morning! I'm excited. Getting ready for the show tonight 
good morning! i'm going out today.   happy birthday warren!
good morning! Im here in my bed na, to sleep again  twit you later!
Good morning! I'm just woke up, I'm still tired, but I can't sleep anymore. 
Good morning! i'm outside and its a beautiful day! watched picture this last night it just gets more and more amazing! 
good morning! im still tired as heck. ahh my head hurts. going out soon, hollllaaa 
Good morning! I'm up early! It's Sunday today. I'll just probably stay at home.. And Twitter? Hehehe! 
Good morning! I'm wide awake with hot coffee in hand. Clearing out the DVR. Now watching House! Love Hugh Laurie as an actor  TOOTLES!
Good Morning! Ima make that 10:15 DWMC Service one day  For now, 12:30 it is.
good morning! in a great mood for someone who has to read thousands of pages and write memos today 
Good morning! It was my friend's bday last nite, and my head is paying for it today. Hers is probably worse!! 
Good morning! It's a beautiful friday 
Good morning! It's a beautiful rainy morning here. 
Good morning! Its Monday.. 
Good morning! Its shower time for me 
Good Morning! I've been terribly busy this past weekend weeding, cleaning and finally got to making some new plushies. 
GOOD MORNING! Just finished watching Rentak Cilik with e sister, yup e one with Hyrul innit 
GOOD MORNING! Just gettin up, bout to get in the shower, go cash my chizeck 
good morning! just got up. its beautiful outside. in a great mood. 
Good morning! Late nite last nite. Up early and back in S. Jersey. Its good when the COO asks me if I'll be driving him regularly. 
Good morning! Let one of the best days ever start 
Good morning! Let's have a beautiful day 
Good Morning! Listening to Gospel music to start my day always puts me in a grateful mood! Thank you Lord for this Day 
Good morning! making pancakes with one hand and finishing a user-acceptance test with another hand  Hungry kids &amp; Hungry clients!
Good morning! My birthday is over but tomorrow i get my license! 
Good Morning! My day off today 
Good morning! My nanny has the day off, so I am going to try to work while watching 3 kids. Think I'm going to get anything done today? 
good morning! my pajamas are the best! 
good morning! my peel pals @jaimehansen @Socaltrojan @RoleyKrazy13 @kscholl128 @ChristineVee @annpar look especially lovely today 
good morning! no school tomorrow! 
good morning! out to breakfast soon then work! text oh and 23 days! 
good morning! should be a beautiful day 
Good Morning! So pretty out and ready to jump into the day. 
Good morning! Stil on bed.not taken bath yet. Hugging n smelling my advance bday pressie. 
Good morning! Still overcast here 
Good Morning! still rainy &amp; gray but nature is amazing,&quot;No-one messes w/the WOODPECKER! Enjoy ur day 
Good morning! Take a look at Brokenanvil_CT  http://tinyurl.com/dll2qr
Good morning! TGIF! Let's get you going ... http://blip.fm/~78lb6 
Good Morning! That sun is lovely! 
GOOD MORNING! The show last night was amazingly fun. Had some serendipitous moments as @KarenKnowler would put it...ahhhh 
good morning! the weather is rainy but still I'm going to the zoo today  hope to take a lot of pictures
Good Morning! Time to get ready to dance at The Flamingo tonight! 
good morning! tis a beautiful day in sunny london  hmm, what should i do today?...
Good morning! Today i have quite alot of revision to get done for my exams on Tuesday. Atleast its the last week of school... 
Good morning! Today's my son's Trike-A-Thon event to raise $$ for his nursery school. It'll be quite the event 
Good morning! ttyal when I get home from work   Except for the morning thing, I actually like the work lol
Good morning! Twhirl is acting wonky, not getting replies and DMs right away. Anywho, posting some new finds b4 a client meeting this am. 
Good morning! Welcome to the Church of Uppie... Bow down, sell your soul to me... Or have a Coke Zero. It's your call...  
Good morning! Well, now I'm gonna eat a real good breakfast and then I'll go out for a jog! Lovely 
Good morning! What a blessing to be able to go to church! Presenting the India slideshow today 
good morning! what did YOU have for breakfast?  i had toast lol
Good morning! Wishing you all a lovely day! 
Good Morning! Wow, what a beautiful sunny morning here in Toronto... The Tree's in my backyard are coming back to life 
Good morning!!  2 open houses!! ...one very speacil!! Love you!
Good morning!!  I'm off to enjoy a day in the studio!  A whole day not just an evening   Squeeee!
Good Morning!!  On my way to a Maternity Session.
good morning!! have a nice day. hope the sun will fast burn off the clouds  // next shoot on saturday whohoooooo 
good morning!! i just love cold days with sun in the sky 
Good Morning!! It is definitely WAY too early to be awake!! Coffee is good though!  
Good morning!! It's gonna be a beautiful day! 
Good Morning!!!  
Good morning!!!  It's going to be a great week 
Good morning!!!  Still recovering from that tough loss against the Dodgers.  Hopefully, we can them tonight!!! 
Good Morning!!! Excited and Thankful that God granted me another day 
good morning!!! 'will harvest my potatoes today at farm town  http://plurk.com/p/x390i
Good Morning!!! Work and then it's ESPN's Sunday night Baseball. hopefully it won't get rained out 
Good morning!!!!!! 
Good Morning!!!!!!!! 
good morning!. 
Good Morning!.. Frank Ski &amp; Wanda in the morning!. 
Good morning!Got to work some school stuffs w/ @cjpunkedout, @gentxt today.Can't wait to have a good start this week!  Hav a good day!
Good morning!I Getting my hair cut and finish getting the equipment ready for MIS! 
Good morning, (it is for ten more minutes anyway!) Exercised;ellipitical trainer +weights,feeling slightly more cheerful, sun is shining 
Good morning, @mirandaanzures .... Only about eight hours until Noodles.... The only positive thing I can think of right now 
Good morning, @Miss_Cely. LeÃ­ste mucho? 
Good morning, all the peoples out there! I'm stand up before an hour and I'll go and take my breakfast in a few minutes. xoxo. 
Good morning, all you early birds! I'm not normally up this early but I have a little bit of coursework to be done! Have a nice day! 
Good morning, all! 
Good morning, all!! I slept in this morning..... until 6 AM. LOL! 
Good morning, and welcome to summer!  My kids are requesting pancakes.  I'm making them, but fear setting the breakfast bar too high. 
Good Morning, BB Lovers!  Happy Friday!
good morning, chocolate chip muffins are good  ahh, doing school! BORING
good morning, disneyland resort! 
Good Morning, Everybody! How you all doing? 
Good morning, everyone 
Good Morning, Everyone in Twitterland!  I am up getting ready for work can I say I HATE my job!  Have A Happy Monday! 
Good morning, everyone!  How is everyone this fine Sunday morning?!
Good morning, everyone!  Just finished breakfast, and getting ready to see what this wonderful day has in store for me!  
GOOD MORNING, EVERYONE!  still pumped from the live chat last night! it was so much fun. can't wait to do another sooooonnn 
Good morning, everyone! Happy Saturday  Started it with a ban muffin and coffee. Getting ready for the day now.
Good morning, everyone! I hope everyone's day had a good start! 
Good morning, everyone! I hope you have a great start to the day! *raises cup of coffee* 
Good morning, folks! I'm showered, shaved, listening to Waterdeep, and ready for church. Well, almost... Ready for an afternoon nap too! 
Good Morning, Good Morning.  Is it Friday already? So much to do, usually don't we look forward to Fridays?  Well better get going 
Good Morning, Happy Sunday. Enjoy your day. I'm still out camping, but will return home sometime this afternoon, and get cleaned up. 
Good morning, Happy Tuesday 
Good morning, heading to work!!! I promise no more street racing! I'm 30, still have those childish needs 
Good morning, hope everyone has a cracking friday 
good morning, how are you?  that's a nice  of you to say. Thank you!    @BloggerinChief1
good morning, it was an awesome nite last nite, i hope there is more good news on #Robsten, need to check w/Ted, time to catch up 
Good morning, it's well, Tuesday 
Good morning, ladies 
Good morning, love that I'm up so early 
Good morning, ouch headache! lol going to pick up Serena soon 
Good morning, playing with my son &quot;Power Miners&quot; 
good morning, sunshine 
Good Morning, Tweeple- TGIF!! 
Good morning, Tweeps! Waken up by GreyMe jumped on my bed and Mom laughed at me. Haha. Have a Sunny Sunday all! 
Good morning, tweeties! May everyone have a fun-filled and gorgeous Sunday. Live it up! 
Good Morning, Twitter community! I just got finished eating a delicious stack of pancakes courtesy of my Mom and Bisquick. 
Good morning, Twitter World. 
Good morning, Twitter! 
good morning, twitters! 
Good Morning, Twitterville!!!  IT'S FRIDAY!!! Memorial Day Weekend! =D ... Hope everyone has a great day today! 
Good morning, twitterworld 
Good Morning, Twitties 
Good morning, Westdyke 
Good morning, what a morning too! 
Good Morning, working from home this AM, then off to Houghton Lake 
good morning, world  I'm going to school in 25 minutes... after a sleepless night. And I fucking hate it!
good morning, world!  well... I'm up for an hour already, but I was too lazy to type thesefew words 
Good morning, world! What a lovely day! Off to the beach in a bit 
Good morning, world!! Hope everyone has an amazing day! 
good morning, world. at work nowâ€¦ its a busy day for meeeeeee.  i hope everyone has a great and productive... http://tumblr.com/x4p21tztv
Good morning. 
good morning.  at windsor castle today 
good morning.  Heading out shortly to a drive-through animal park. 
Good morning.  Hmmmm,  need a huge cup of coffee.   @Rock_Raven @J_u_l_e_s_P @Nancy9980
Good morning.  I just woke up!
Good Morning.  Im Up. ^__^
Good morning.  Itï¿½s a quiet morning. Only me and my laptop 
good morning.  no school today. woohoo! 
Good morning.  What are 3 things you want to solve before school starts? Tell me as they come to you. We'll see what we can do. #adhd
Good Morning. . . 
good morning. breakfast here i come! 
GOOD MORNING. Glass if water &amp; Honey Bunches of Oats ;) Watchin Vanessa Williams live on GMA while i'm up 
good morning. going for a nice, long walk to get my blood pumping this morning. 
Good morning. Good weekend. Great weather 
Good morning. I had a spectacular dream. Athena and Bekah and Jessica were all there. and tc, david, drew bobby jayk AND thomas. 
good morning. i have no idea what i'm doing today! it's going to be like this for the next 2 months 
good morning. i just got home. im eating a chicken sandwich and mozzarella sticks. yummm... faded. thanks for coming nadine  ily.
Good morning. I thought the forecast was  bleak today. It looks as if it is going to be another scorcher. 
Good morning. I'm on my way to class to take my biology final. I'm so happy this semester is over. I'm gonna really party this summer. 
Good morning. It is early Monday morning. Where's the coffee? Anyone? 
Good morning. Its Sunday and last day of the weekend. One thing I love about working from home is I get three-day weekends 
Good morning. Just got to school! Gotta study for my quiz 
Good morning. no exams today, but final english tomorrow. R&amp;R. 
Good morning. Shooting all day in studio &amp; FLYING HOME 2NIGHT 
Good morning. Today is my first day of work! 
good morning. today is my last day of &quot;freedom&quot;. back to work tomorrow. i'm sorta stoked-not stoked. but well. 
Good morning. Up early to do some work before church.  Must finish this seminar!!!  The house is so quiet 
Good morning. Well th@ storm finally reach me, it was amazing!!! 2 look now, you would never no there was 1. Hope u all r well. 
Good Morning. What a beautiful summer day 
Good morning. Why give into rudeness when you can fight back with kindness..   http://TheAmbitPower.com
Good Morning.. 
Good morning.. againa sunny and bright day here in Germany.... again nearly86Â°F- well I get used to the fahrenheit thing  and 86 days til
good morning.. so tired - need all the coffee i can get today! but the sun is still shining in oslo - i love it 
good morning..!!! waking up to a great day! 
Good morning... it's the middle of the week!!!!!  7 days until my vacation!
Good Morning... yesterday was great and today will be another good day, I'm sure of it 
Good Morning...! Wassup mates? Big day for me today, going for getting my ID Card... 
good morning.......going outside for a day of adventure or whatever 
Good Morning....Happy Monday    time to take my ass to work n make that $$$!
GOOD MORNING...can't believe I feel so pants this morn..I'm still trying to be in a good mood though  sniff sniff
Good morning...good morning..good moooooorning 
Good Morning...Rise &amp; Shine it's Wednesday...Happy Hump Day Twitter Bugs!!! Make it a GREAT day 
Good morning...the quest continues 
Good Morning...Time to get up and moving.  Hope everyone has a great FRIDAY!!!
Good Morning...Welcome to another manic Monday.  No, not going to play the song. Slept a little, except for the nightmares.  Keep Smiling 
Good Morning...Went to the gym in hopes of my cramps going away and it worked...Just left w/ a clear mind and an open heart. Smile often 
Good Morning..at work already..hella early! Got my BK Mocha i should be good...i hope 
Good morning..on my way to ask 4 forgiveness of my sins lol..hope every1 is gettin to church this morning! 
Good Morning/Afternoon everyone. 
Good Morning/Early Afternoon all. Sorry I'm so late with the chat today. But I'm here now and hoping everyone is ready to go.  #MonChat
Good Morning/Noon/Evening depending on your time zone 
GOOD MORNING; EVERYONE 
Good Morninggg  Well Good Afternoon Lol Really Sunny Out Side  Love The Sunshinee Guys 
good morninggg going to the beachhh 
Good morninggg lovess. &lt;3 i'm weady to start zee day. 
good morninggg!  hopefully today will be a good day.
Good morninggggg my little sunshine's 
Good Morninggggg...dropping daddy off then off to work..leaving early today..gotta part-time job interview in the city..wish me luck 
good morningggggg carne asada later 
good morninggggggg 
good morninggggggggg 
Good morninq! 
Good morn's 
Good morntings! 
Good mourning fellow twitters! Off to a early start this mourning and on my way to my hometown of Santiago, Republica Dominicana!! 
Good Mourning twitterville 
Good movie 
Good movie, my dad wants me to go to bed, but I don't think Im gonna 
Good news everybody Savannah's fever is gone! And hopefully tomorrow we can take her home.  http://yfrog.com/9z209dj
good news everybody: i got a 96 on my test today!!! 
good news for the day I can watch access hollywood @ 7pm for @NKOTB cruise footage!! yipee 
good news Pancakes have waffles in them 
Good news they were just controlled dets  going to bed now.
good news week and family guy are the 2 shows that can make me piss myself and fall off my chair 
good news week! 
Good news! I can pick up the guitar tomorrow, it's fixed!  (H)
Good news: 2/3 dogs now off antibiotics &amp; all can be walked again 
Good night  #actuallygoingtobed
Good Night  getting the shakes a bit though
Good night  I'm going to sleep. Frankly, Im hungry x.x
good night  its time for dinner here  but good morning out of here !!
good night  listening to justin nozuka as i enter dreamland
good night  me voy a ver ''The Horseman'' con Dennis Quaid
Good night  take care 
GOOD NIGHT &amp; SWEET DREAMS! XOXO 
Good night all  Even though it's morning for most of you lol
Good night all - gonna finish a good book   Peace and Love!
Good night All  good luck with the vampire politics!
Good night all - or in the case of those not in the Southern Hemisphere - have a great day. 
Good night all - time for me to hit the hay, got to get up early.  Any one running the marathon 2morrow? Just wondering...Night! 
Good night all gonna kick back and watch some movies 
Good night all my lovely and hard working people. I'll talk to you all tomorrow 
Good Night All!   Gonna be a great day once I go to sleep and wake up!   
Good Night all! Off to bed...have a presentation tomorrow. Wish me luck! 
Good night all,  last day of work (until mid August) is tomorrow.........I can't wait!  
Good night all, I promise to catch up tomorrow! 
Good night all. Cough medicine - check, cold &amp; flu tablets = check, tissues - check, breathing - getting easier.  The joys of a cold 
good night all. i have a date with 2 great kids tomorrow to watch X-men 2. after work. i love my kids.. oh and wifey. 
Good Night all...I'm BEAT!  It was a looong day of hiking and picture taking!  Gotta love it though!  
Good night America ... Good night Romania ... Good night World ... Peace 
Good night and good bye 
Good night and good day twitters! 
Good Night Babe!! Good Luck on the job interview!! Thinking of you  Will see you soon!! Text you tomorrow!! Love You More!! xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Good Night Califorina And Texas Even Though Im Not Thair YET I Will BE Soon.  Only In My Dreams Ill Never Be Famous or a food singer see:
Good Night Creatives and Earth Angels..Wishing you a delightful nights' rest filled with delicious splendor   Will tweet with you soon.
Good night diggers.  Good night tweeters.  Have a great night! 
Good Night Everybody!! 
GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE  TEX IT IF ANYTHING
good night everyone! buenas noches a todos, ï¿½ demain!  tkmft
Good night everyone! See u at the pool 
good night everyone! sleep well! and oh yeah!!  note to adam!! you are gonna do great things!! i know it.....   
Good night everyone!!... cold night in the south of Chile 
Good night everyone, I'm gonna go and sleep next to my hubby  After watching Greys Season Finale I feel all sentimental *sniff*sniff 
Good night everyone. 
Good night everyone.   night beautiful You know who You are... KATIE 
Good night fellow twitters! Triceps day tomorrow @ BC! Ugh!!! I just have to keep reminding myself that its only 1 hour!! I can do it! 
Good night from Newport! Sweet dreams 
good night good night! xoxo till tomorrow!!!!  besos!
Good night guys. Waking up early to listen to @delamarRX931 and @chicogarcia tomorrow!  love you @rxgcrew and @rxgellivictor! 
good night ii love my boyfriend again back on GREAT terms whooo hooo oh yeah its 4/20 national weed day =] but ii don't smoke 
Good night internet i'll miss you 
Good night Internet land time for me to sleep 
Good night ladies. Love to you too. 
Good night last night... awake earlier than I wanted to be though.  Still, another nice day in prospect. 
Good night Little Horny Kitty. May lice infest your pubic area. To friends, I bid u good night and pleasant dreams. 
Good night my beautiful people. Today has been slightly eventful. Be blessed. See you in the A.M 
good night my fellow tweeters! 
Good night my good people!!! 
Good night my love, and who blip!   ? http://blip.fm/~6g699
Good night my lovely's... I love you all... Smooches!!!!! 
good night my tweet peeps! im going to finsh fun with dick and jane! its so funny! ill get on tommrow!  jus txt me!
good night nice people  &amp; thx  for ur many kindnesses  
Good night ocean of cars, good night train horn, good night stars, good night moon  sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite
good night OR see you later!! 
good night people  VOU DORMIR ahhaha, beijoos 
Good night people !  A new Monday tomorow and proud to say I'm from la  !  go lakers !
Good night real good night! Now get up @Taleda! I'm tryna chill wit my baby b4 I go to steel city 2night 
Good night sun 
good night to all 
good night to all those in the land of twitter... 
Good night to all Twitterdom! 
good night tweedles well for you all i still got 4 more dvds to survive through! dreaming in the nest ah......sigh! 
good night tweeps 
Good Night Tweeps! 
Good night tweeps! Have a pleasant day if yours is just starting! 
Good night Tweeps! I am beat! 
Good night tweeps. Sweet dreams 
good night tweeters, sweet dreams 
good night tweeters...  today was fun. imma play with my new camera tomorrow when i get the batteries. XD
Good night Tweethearts......Hubby said it's him or the computer....   
Good night Tweeties and remember: &quot;Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.&quot; ~ Dr. Seuss via @SandyGuerriere &lt;GOOD NITE 
Good night tweeties.  &quot;Nearly Witches&quot; 
Good night Tweetle-Dee and Tweetle-Dum.  You know who you are. 
Good night tweets! Hope everyones nite is pleasant 
Good night tweets, need to get things in order before my small stint helping out at the Maker Faire. 
good night twitter  have a good sleep everybody  xx          2 days!
Good night Twitter (: Alysheea needs to get up early in the morning. Don't let the bed bugs bite. :OPheobe is on Law &amp; Order 
good night twitter bugs!!! 
good night twitter family 
Good night Twitter family..Early bird catches the worm!! 
good night twitter i love you all  [ergg school in the morning]
good night twitter! @DavidArchie you give me the motivation to shine. 
Good Night Twitter! 300th Update, Whooohoo! 
Good night twitter! Hey LVATT--see you soon 
good night twitter. good night bish army! bbye! 
good night twitter. i still prefer facebook 
Good night TwitterLand, sweet dreams   p.s Danii, si entras dame toke !! xoxo
Good night twitterland.  Thanks for the laughs tonight 
Good Night Twitterlers. I'm off to DreamLand before midnight . . . just in time. 
good night Twitters! tired  LOVE YOU MITCHEL!
Good night Twitters. time for bed. See you all tomorrow.   @JaiFierce @VegasMartin @Amador323 @Oiram16 @innavoigR
good night twitterverse! 
good night twitterverse! Hope you have a good one! 
good night twitterworld;hasta luego 
good night twittoria  bye!
Good Night Twitts. Catch up with ya'll tomorrow 
good night with my mamas 
GOOD NIGHT WORLD  thanks so much for all the great tweets  â™¥
good night world. maybe? at least for a bit 
good night you princes o maine, you kings of new england 
Good Night!   Sweet Dreams..
Good Night!  It's never too late for GOOD NEWS! &quot;Jesus is &quot;The Good Shepherd&quot; http://aintathatgoodnews.blogspot.com/
GOOD Night! Finally 
good night! i'll tweet tomorrow 
good night! im off to sleeep!!!! 5 am  good mornining! xD
Good Night! I'm sleeping in tomorrow 
Good night!! feel tired 'nd sleepy but I have to wake up in 2 hours!! TWO little hours!!! maybe i should stay awake 
Good night!! Much to get in order this week 
good night, albuquerque (and north carolina, in alex's case).  
good night, all 
Good night, all. Early bedtime, for me. Tweetcha tomorrow! 
Good night, folks. Have a good Friday 
Good night, Sweet Tweeters!!!  The Princess really MUST get some beauty rest.  This royalty crap ain't for pansies!!!  
Good night, Tree Hill. 
Good night, tweeters! I really enjoyed with TwitterBerry today  See ya'll
good night, Twillyville...  long day at The Ranch tomorrow...Should have been asleep LONNNNNG ago! :0 take care, stay out of trouble!
Good night, you sexy beasts! *rowr* lol 
Good night.  in Mount Prospect, IL http://loopt.us/l8Gm8Q.t
good night. beach in the morning. 
Good Night. Good friends, Good life, 
Good night. Ily all my lovelys. 
Good night. LOVE my new apartment  Now I just need to meet some people up here......
Good night....been a great day. I loved every minute. makes me think I should stay up a bit longer.  
Good night....hope everyone has a great weekend 
Good night...sleeping early today 
good night.having a long day tomorrwo, driving to a castle partying retirament of my daddy  c-ya
Good Night? Morning? Twitts... and Twivas! Till morn... @ms_sugakane needs prayer,  b4 u fall asleep just ask fa food fa my friend!!! 
Good Nights To The Internets... I will return tomorrow to Type up Chapter 2! ._. &quot;No Way...&quot;  Yes way...  I got an email, Ill share too!
good nighttt you beautiful peopleeeee 
good nite boys and girls, be seeing you a la manana 
Good nite everyone sweet dreams 
good nite everyone!  best wishes on finals for the students out there &amp; for the rest of u in the real world, try 2 enjoy ur work week ;-p
Good nite kirby the person. And thank u 
good nite sweet princes/princesses.   and flights of angels sing you to your rest.  (loosely quoted from Hamlet).   'bye.
Good nite twit world! I hope tomorrow be better than yesterday 
Good nite twitter bugs!!! 
Good nite/morn, all!  Hope UR #FollowFriday is productive!  Until tomorrow, Cheers and many happy tweets!  
Good noon twitter friends  Just woke up. Been downloading sims 3 all night and i guess it's going to take another night D:
Good nyt twit heads, tweet ya in da am/pm , peace 
Good ol times with some seniors.  tomorrow will be fun
good old jenson  no idea what's happening at ferarri... maybe they should give me a job  x x
Good ole insomnia!  You never fail me but I wish you would try. 
Good on you Parky  http://bit.ly/i3bAN
Good parts of &quot;Sex Drive&quot; - James Marsden. Seth Green. Fall Out Boy cameo. The end. 
Good performance from BMW and Mercedes at WTCC and DTM. Great races today 
Good plan chicka  
Good players, but u put ray allen in situation where he's gon take his time &amp; pass it to a real baller, thats what happens..Im sorry.. 
good PM  http://plurk.com/p/x6k61
good point!  i saw it six days ago. i looked at when i added the video to itunes. cheyeah bo @_annee
Good pussy is the ultimate tension tamer! 
good quality time w/ boss 
Good rainy morning all 
Good row and lift then drafted behind a VW Bug, classy evening 
good run this morning!  now to organise summer camping trip!!  kids very excited!! 
Good Saturday  played gamecube with my cousin and sister. Haven't done that in a while... And had pizzamania 
good saturday morning everyone  http://plurk.com/p/x330i
Good Saturday Morning!!! I am waking up refreshed..enjoying my day off..party 2nite, friends over later..great day ahead 
Good sex: when even her mother wants to meet you 
Good show last night  Everyone found thier keys.  Thanks S.O.I  
Good show Sony  looking forward to uncharted 2, but wonder where ratchet and clank was...
Good sign=feeling like I didn't run a marathon today. See @robcole I didn't go too fast!  mmmm Thai food for dinner as a reward.
good sleep last night  download more music, clean the house, dance like a fanny while doing it = good times!
good spring day for Greenfield PTO Springfling event 10am and then the rest of Greenfield 
good start of the summer 
Good start on the day! My ipod has been revived, we can make the house payment, we had pancakes for breakfast, and my house is clean 
good start to the day - bit of dashboard confessional and the shower was abnormally hot 
Good start to the morning so far. A little more work to do then a blood test and a trip to the yarn store to make up for the blood test 
Good start...hopefully a gr8 day... 
Good stuff @ducttape -- how to add anchor text to you profile on LinkedIn, great for SEO    http://ow.ly/9UbK
Good summer tune, to bring you up  http://bit.ly/19l6Ok
Good Sunday 
good sunday  and by sunday i mean SUNday.
Good Sunday Morning   Precious Pink Magic  Fused Glass Pendant http://tinyurl.com/cfv24d
Good sunday morning ppls. I LOVE sleeping in! 
Good tattoos ain't cheap and cheap tattoos ain't good. Holmz kno's wot am talkin bout  Holla
Good thing about coming around the last turn of my Angel watchthrough: Hopefully will be able to find non-Angel post topics 
Good thing HP Compaq consumer support put me on hold for 389247 hrs. Whatevs.  One step closer to having zee laptop FIXED!
Good thing no one kidnapped me! LOL! Would you have missed me if someone did? I would have missed you! LOL! 
Good thing Partly Cloudy is on iTunes. 
good thing that we built that &quot;break keyboard&quot; backdoor into amarok for this kind of user 
Good thing the rain stopped... Time for pictures!! Congrats, Karin &amp; Shant, what a great couple!! 
good things  1. found my lens cap! 2. i love my camera so much
Good things are happening and I like it . I am blessed . I am truly a very happy woman  Plus , I have an awesome family and friends  
good things come to those who wait...now I've definitely come full circle!  And the world is right again 
good things happening on a rainy day  
good things start with TW - twitter, twilight . . . 
Good time last night  going shopping tomorrow
Good times  Bruhaaaaahahahaha
good times ...  http://www.worldbeardchampionships.com/
good times @ siler diner..now its nap time!..yaaaay! 
Good times last night  Caught up with some peeps and met some awesomes 
Good times tonight. . .But it is now time to go to sleep.  I love Friday nights like this!!!
Good times, the sun is out and I'm happy to be alive. Listening to arcade fire makes me smile 
Good to be back at HPC highland again! 
good to be in home  have to finish all school stuff and freedom  song with leighton meester ? http://utnij.pl/lm
Good to hang with the ex AP peeps; and good to celebrate a birthday with good friend. Happy bday, @Magaard! 
Good to hear Shamrock Rovers mentioned on Terry Wogan.  
Good to see @flickj home big  but what's up was up with twitter this mornin. Not well at all!
good to see @Garms 
Good to see Susan Boyle is a trending topic on Twitter today 
Good to see Vettel on pole...hopefully we will get a very good, quick, and many overtakes etc over the course of the race. 
Good to see you on twitter @DylanCharp . Everyone should follow him. I'm sure he'll twtr some good stuff.  no pressure 
Good vibes at the jackalope today. 3pm discussion...every sunday. Comm garden coming along nicely too. 
good vibrations 
Good way to meet guys. Follow them into sears and have bj act like he is your gay best friend 
good weather today 
Good weather. Home cooked food. I guess there's worse things tomorrow, so I better enjoy this. 
Good weather... good times... twitter out for a little.. 
Good week last week, got plenty of work done and achieved some new goals. Business Development was great 
Good weekend! 
good weekend; 11pm maccas runs with cousins, leather jackets are legendary, figured my birthday weekend out, 12 days! YAYY! cant wait. 
Good workout!! 
good!!! estee just texted me... that she is now at her cousin's house .. 
Good, beautiful, sunny morning! God I love summer  Nike seems to be wheezing less, so yay! It's awesome to go to work in flip flops.
good. nite. all. 
Good... Morning Tweetie birds. I'm off to bed. 
Good...they are not so idiots after all.. 
Good.Afternoon. 
Good.Morning. everyone have a great dayy! 
Goodafternoon all.  Time for week reflection now, meaning I have to iron. Happily not  the whole summer collection like  last week 
goodafternoon twitters ! happy birthday Juneaaan Pech and Michael Williams ! 
Goodafternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/ui7br
Goodbye America. Hello Philippines. 
Goodbye Boy-see... It's been fun!  Let's hope we all don't get too cranky on the drive today 
Goodbye Jay...Hello Conan 
Goodbye KC. Thx for all the BBQ. I feel fat. 
Goodbye Mary Lou 
Goodbye Michigan, Hello Chicago tomorrow mornin' 
Goodbye Mr.A - The Hoosiers 
Goodbye oppressed town of Colorado, Hello HAPPY town!  Not going to let it bring me down!
Goodbye Rome, hello Sienna. Thank you Audrey LeDoux 
Goodbye Rose. Jack will be seeing you soon, I'm sure 
goodbye to all I want god bless .xox0 
goodbye twitter see yah later.  BTW: who wants to come with me to watch HANNAH MONTANA THE MOVIE AT JULY 8? )TAGAL pa nun )
goodbye twitter..  see you when i get to hk  haha!
Goodbye! Early night for me! You have fun without me 
Goodbye, Champaign-Urbana! Hope you have a great summer! I'll be by from time to time to check up on you 
Goodday so far  everything is going good
Goodknight Twitterland! Happy Mother's Day to all you blockhead mommas! Have a wonderful day! 
goodluck @taylorswift13 and @therealpickler for CMT awards.....hope you guys win 
goodluck today baby boy! you'll do fine 
Goodmoring  I still can't stop listening to &quot;before the storm&quot; by @mileycyrus and the @jonasbrothers  it's so awsome!
Goodmoring  i'm getting my lip periced today 
Good'Moring To you all going out with mom will be back ina bit Thanks  xoxo
Goodmoring! 
Goodmorining america  rise and shine
Goodmorn Babes @claudiajordan loving that pic! 80degrees Today here in NY! Ha u missing it 
Goodmornign twitterland  I am busy right from the begining.
goodmornin  no more rain! clean the house, then back to work!
goodmornin ninjas!!! omg luved the movie UP!!! soooo cute......okaeeee so its time to fix da lashes...ttyl 
Goodmornin Yï¿½ll,Heading 2 da filmset with da productioncomp.den gon visite Nike headquartaz 2 shop 4 da project,might cop a shoe or 2 
Goodmorning   gonna climb the roof n clean the AC coils. . . roar  eather that or fall
Goodmorning   I believe as long as i keep this schedule, waking at 4am everyday, i will not sleep past 6:30ish or7ish on my days off!!!
GOODMORNING  .... MY PICTURE DOESNT SHOW -__-
goodmorning  eating breakfast 
Goodmorning  feeling crappy this morning how's everyones morning 
goodmorning  having a protein shake then starting chores.. then hopefully outt?  textt mee 
Goodmorning  If any of u lacks wisdom, he should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to him
Goodmorning  twitters
goodmorning  urgh stuipd thunder last night -_-
Goodmorning  waiting for Kristina to wake up.
Goodmorning !! 
Goodmorning !!  Eatingg Cereal Nd Getingg Readyy Forr Sckhool )
goodmorning ,the week starts now 
goodmorning @ashongdoll ! and thanks haha  &lt;3
goodmorning @mousebudden 
Goodmorning cali  hi to my vegas family 
goodmorning everybody! 
GoodMorning Everyone  Feeling back to normal. Trying to get back into my exercise routine- those pounds creep up on ya. Have kids out too
goodmorning everyone! if you aren't following @MrWahooPooh please do He is this amazing guy that doesn't really talk just blips music 
Goodmorning everyone!!!! 
goodmorning everyone, off to flippin work!!! @Elite85 its alright mooshoe i think ur day will stay positive, cheer up lady!!! 
goodmorning everyone... Have a great day 
Goodmorning followers, nice day 
Goodmorning friends and pornstars. i know your asking...which one did i put bekki under? 
Goodmorning guys!!!  -Philippine Time-
Goodmorning lonely friends 
Goodmorning loves  how is everyone??
goodmorning Manila ...still got the cramps bt a bit better now...Pussycat Dolls will dominate Manila with a concert this Thurs...woooT 
goodmorning my loves 
Goodmorning my twiggas and twiglets 
Goodmorning people lovely day 
Goodmorning rise &amp; shine it's coffee time only 4 1/2 days left of school for Tiffany then the Summer fun begins I love having her home 
goodmorning sunshine!!!!  oow what a lovely day 
Goodmorning sunshines 
Goodmorning sunshines! 
Goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood, i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the 'BEYONCE WEEKND' coming soon. 
Goodmorning Tweeter Peepz  its a chilly sat morning; im off to the shopz xx FLYYYY HIGHHHH
Goodmorning tweeters 
Goodmorning tweethearts! Besides Covina High School's graduation tonight, give me plans for the day/night! Today's my last day @ school! 
Goodmorning tweets! Putting on my eyelashes 
Goodmorning tweets!! Off to the gym after school  Hopefully I'm not too sleepy XD
Goodmorning tweets...getting ready for church  ttytweets later
Goodmorning tweetypies! Thank the man above for the blessing of waking up this morning! He loves us all! Have a blessed and heavenly day! 
Goodmorning twits abt to pull up at work 5 min late! Hope I have an awesome day... No I'm gonna have an awesome day!!! Let's Go!!! 
goodmorning twitter 
goodmorning twitter !! it's cold in argentina 
Goodmorning twitter fam! Doin Inventory checks for TUHT official clothing... Hope everyones feeling great this beautiful morning 
Goodmorning twitter people! Watching Goodmorning America and wouldn't you know FallOut Boy Is performing lol 
Goodmorning twitter world  ...busy day today. I'm excited to start it ;)
Goodmorning TWITTER WORLD!! hope errbody has a beautiful day!! 
Goodmorning Twitter! My first of 4 days off!  Relax take it easssss-heee-syyyyy!!  Surfing the web atm..
Goodmorning Twitter!!! I hope everyone had a great night and sweet dreams..have a great beginning of the day! 
GoodMorning Twitter...ahhh nice morning stairwell SPRINT! woot! Breakfast now! 
Goodmorning twitterers! It's mondaymorning wait the LAST Monday morning of the school year and i'm not tired!! 
Goodmorning twitters 
Goodmorning twitters of all countries 
GOODMORNING TWITTERS!  getting ready, ihop, avanti, home. text. &lt;3
Goodmorning twitters... I've got some things to do this morning! Writing session this evening! Im so ready for that 
goodmorning twitterverse 
Goodmorning Twitterville!!! 
Goodmorning twitterville!!! What oh what to do today?!  I'm thinkin it's the day I make an official life plan... So many goals!!!!
Goodmorning twitterworld from the same time zone where I am ! i know it's late but it's SUNDAY ! yay  i dreamed with Joe ! 
goodmorning world 
goodmorning world and all who inhabit it 
goodmorning world! 
Goodmorning world! what a wondeful day its going to be! 
goodmorning world!! long day of work ahead, but grateful to have a job! 
Goodmorning!  Blaah, today i need to do some homework to school. where is the sunshining waether there was yesterday?!
Goodmorning! Getting ready too go too the doctor 4 my appoiment :l then @daddyyy 's house later 
GoodMorning! Hitting the gym, what about u @_CRC_ ? Make it for your work out? Let's Gooo 
goodmorning! hope everyone has a terrific tuesday! 
Goodmorning! I'm always the first one up at sleepovers 
Goodmorning! It is the 17th of May, the Norwegian Independence Day 
Goodmorning! Ready to begin a new and beautiful day  kisses
goodmorning!! Last high school cheerleading camp of my life..ha FINALLY!  ...i'm off to camp. byeeee
Goodmorning!! Two more days till the weekend.  hopefully I can get thru this dayyyy
GoodMorning, Hope Everyone Has A Beautiful Day Today  x
goodmorning, i have no plans for today and it feels wonderful, this is gonna be one of those lazy days 
Goodmorning, think I got back in my natural sleeping rhythm now 
goodmorning, up early, eating cereal with a banana 
goodmorning. 
Goodmorning.  Gonna read Twilight.
Goodmorning. At matts. Watching degrassi, you know whats up 
goodmorning. i want to go lingerie shopping with @amiestar1 today (via @minastefan) &lt;= Definitely post pics 
goodmorning. work 9 to 1 
goodmorning.. 
goodmorning..  have a nice day guys!! dont forget to go to church.. &lt;3
Goodmorning/Goodafternoon guys! 
Goodmorning--just woke up...i hope i get good news today 
Goodmornjng 
Goodmornorninggg my darlings, littlemissSunshine is up bright n early, I just don't understand- but getting better slowly n smiling 
Goodness I'm sooooo tired. But from tomorrow through the weekend it'll be funn! 
Goodness! a tiring day again. Just played the piano. Really soothes me. 
Goodness! Front rowww!!!  yayy!!!!!!
Goodness! Where did the sun go? It was out for a little while &amp; now it's gray again... hmm -- ah well. Back to picture editing for me 
Goodness. I love aunt barbs. HILARIOUS!  hehehe
goodnight  ..............i really need 2 sleep
goodnight  haha gonna try to fall asleep cuz myspace wasn't entertaining me. lol.
GOODNIGHT  I should be off to bed. Love you allâ™¥ or Good Morning, It's 4:o3.. ALSO, 2 DAYS!! til Hey Monday!!
goodnight  im still lol from the hangover
Goodnight  Someone's on a little bit of temper. XD See yah!
goodnight  text me.
Goodnight !! 
Goodnight &amp; Sweet Dreams!! XOXO 
Goodnight / day tweeple.  I'm off to enjoy some tweet dreams 
Goodnight @Aluciel and @TikkaMadsen  (Go to bed, it's late =P)
Goodnight @dirtysouth777 hope you feel better! Love you 
goodnight @seankingston 
goodnight @YankeeGirl20 get some good rest 
goodnight all - found out the rustling that was keeping me up was a bloody huge spider in a paper bag  x
Goodnight all see you in 6hrs! Just finished my last set of eco questions for this semester ...   
Goodnight all! 
Goodnight all!  ^^
Goodnight all, I'm going to apply for the position of sound engineer later as the current one should be unemployed by now 
Goodnight all. Gonna relax in bed and fall asleep listening to some podcasts 
Goodnight all... my youngest son gets baptized tomorrow. For those who believe prayers welcome, all others, positive thoughts 
Goodnight America 
GOODNIGHT AMERICA...bRIGITTE IN aUSTRALIA    X
goodnight and godbless my 3 followers!  xx
goodnight and good bye to all of you, hope you have the best of dreams 
Goodnight and good day everyone 
Goodnight and Goodbye 
Goodnight and Goodbye ? 
Goodnight and goodbye twitterband !  See you tomorrow !
Goodnight and sweet dreams. Be safe, blessings! 
Goodnight anyone who cares  lovee youu xo.
Goodnight at this side of the world. 
goodnight baby  ily a lot!
goodnight cyber world  bringing my a game this week yess  xx
goodnight dear twitter world.   the sex god or lurvee god? who will she choose? sex god please 
Goodnight everybody 
Goodnight everybody  x
Goodnight everybody! Thanks for making 1st June a day to remember 
goodnight everybody!!! tomorrow school (I won't go)  love you all, God bless you &lt;333
goodnight everybody, sleep tight and have a nice dream 
Goodnight everyone  .. better be ready for church tomorrow 
Goodnight everyone  http://tinyurl.com/d3u8w6
Goodnight everyone  tweet you later!!!
Goodnight everyone about to knock out on my big bed big week ahead starting tomorrow  EXCITED !!!!!!
Goodnight everyone here  -xoxox-
Goodnight everyone!      Hopefully, this week will be epic. 
Goodnight everyone! sweet archudreams! God Bless! Take care! 
Goodnight everyone, love and light to you 
goodnight everyone, say your prayers! 
Goodnight everyone, sweet dreams. 
Goodnight everyone.  x
Goodnight everyone. Dodgers won. Great night. I love my girlfriend @FreakinAshily. Its our NINE MONTH today. 09.03.08-forever! 
goodnight everyone. top ramen before bed isnt the best idea. someone help me find a job please! 
goodnight everyone. two more days at sea, dover, london, chicago, and home 
Goodnight everyone.. 
Goodnight everyone... 
Goodnight everyone.... You too @Lacouvee !!     See you tomorrow
goodnight everyonee 
Goodnight everyoneeee  Love yall
goodnight everyone--wishing I was sitting back listening to this on a dock by the bay under the moon!   ? http://blip.fm/~5efsj
Goodnight fellow tweeters ..chat soon 
Goodnight friends  Ethos in the morning! Can't wait!
Goodnight friends!! Kisses all around 
Goodnight from me. I hope your day is tops, and not bottoms 
Goodnight girls 
goodnight goonight 
Goodnight guys! Sweet dreams, see ya on the flip flop laaaater!  xx
goodnight guys... @officialcharice, have a safe flight Cha and ur family too. Take some gooooood rest 
goodnight hon. sleep well. miss ya too 
goodnight i say, i think i say. 
Goodnight ily drew and thomas! Ahh I love VFC generally!! 
goodnight im sleepy. i had a good day  nighty hught twitterians  sweet dreams !
Goodnight kids! Good luck to my SD thoners tomorrow. Tear it up! 
goodnight loves 
GOODNIGHT MAGIC AND PRETTY WORLD 
goodnight my dear peeps. i will be on tomorrow. got a day off...GO ME!!! much love tweet peeps 
Goodnight my dear twetters 
Goodnight my fellow Blockhead friends! Tweet with ya tomorrow! Sleep well! 
Goodnight my human friends   Go Buy the new Cash Cash Album
goodnight my tweeps talk to you tomorrow 
Goodnight my twiggas  Make sure say your prayers before u close your eyes and drift off into wonderland. Bless
GOODNIGHT OFF FOR SOME HARPERS ISLAND 
Goodnight peeps of the internet 
Goodnight people! 
Goodnight people!!!! I'm going to bed...I have a HUGE Headache!!!! Hasta Luego!!!! 
Goodnight peoples! 
goodnight pips. sweetdreams everybody! 
GOODNIGHT PPL 
goodnight ppl  i'm tired. today i went at the school to do a test of math, i was amazing at the test. thanks God haha
Goodnight ppl!! Long day tomorrow: work + studio! Have a great night 
goodnight red balloon.  falling asleep to sugarland once again... cherry bombs and cherry wine...
goodnight strangers. thanks for letting me go to bed in a fabulous mood &lt;3 oh how my hearts swells 
Goodnight sun 
Goodnight sweets. text me pwease  xo.
GoodNight Texuss. 
goodnight they didnt answer so i got to sleep now 
Goodnight to all  gotta be at the airport way 2 damn early tomorrow
Goodnight to all Tweeple  Dream Big and Succeed!
Goodnight to all!  Tomorrow will be a great day. Always is. @pshbrittx3 What's wrong? Text me. I love my new shoes, too. &lt;3 Fly with me!
Goodnight to all! I an so sleepy...no more unpacking boxes tonight. Nightie night, dont let the bed bugs bite! 
goodnight to all. 
Goodnight to you all!  xoxo.
Goodnight Tweeple 
goodnight tweeps 
Goodnight tweeps - I'm tired. Catch ya later 
Goodnight tweeps!  I'm going to close the laptop &amp; fall asleep to Roseanne. 
Goodnight tweeps.  
goodnight tweeps... practice was gr8 tonight... we beat the guys in every scrimmage... LL's husband was ballin tho... 
Goodnight tweet world. goals for tomorrow: be less of a consumer and to be more happy with who and what I have now 
goodnight tweeterssss   
goodnight tweethearts! lol dreaminggg. 
Goodnight tweetplys  I'll be dreaming to hopefully to get the job at taco bells 
Goodnight tweets... Awesome day 
Goodnight tweets; remember life is good 
goodnight tweetweemates 
goodnight tweety off to real world 
Goodnight twiggas! Haven't updated this thing but I'm tiired!! Welcome Young Beast again 
Goodnight twit babe..and TWEET dreams 
Goodnight twit fam!!!! 
Goodnight Twitland! 
goodnight twitt fam be good C&amp;C Stand up  and 2 every1 check them out...
Goodnight twitter  Early to rise tomorrow. boo loll
goodnight Twitter ! see you tomorrow 
goodnight twitter world  of to bed
goodnight twitter world! church tomorrow! yay! 
Goodnight twitter world, see you on the flip side! 
Goodnight twitter world. I have missed you 
Goodnight twitter world.. I wish the best to anyone who's reading this 
Goodnight Twitter!  *Smooches*
goodnight twitter, ill see you after 10 + hours of sleep or more 
Goodnight twitter.  And btw, GOD, GIVE ME GOOD CLASSMATES. Lol.
Goodnight Twitter. I'll tweet ya'll tomorrow. Gonna go give myself some telie time  RAWR!
goodnight twitter. it's past 7:00, im going to sort out my life now DONT forget: www.isabelledotcom.tumblr.com  tell you papa. xxxxxxx
goodnight twitter... we shall meet again soon 
goodnight twitterers &lt;3. reeds disco on fridaaay. shopping saturdaaay. big brother starts again thursdaay. 
GoodNight TwitterHeads 
Goodnight Twitterland. Don't let the starling's steal your nest. 
Goodnight twitterland. Hopefully ill sleep 2night. My anti spasm meds seem to work great 
GOODNIGHT TWITTERLAND...This TWITTY IS OFF TO BED...WILL TWEET AGAIN ON THE MORROW 
Goodnight twitters 
Goodnight twitters  tomorrows friday for me. Yay for three day weekends.
Goodnight twitters  zzZZzzzzZzz
Goodnight twitters!!  Love ya!
goodnight twitters!!!! 
Goodnight twittersphere its time for a wonderful night with my boyfriend sleep i love him 
goodnight twitterverse 
goodnight twitterverse â™¥ New Moon  hehe
Goodnight Twitterverse. Maths Exam First Thing Then Down To The Park 
GOODNIGHT TWITTERVILL MUAAAAAH 
Goodnight Twitterworld!  Hasta manana a todos, descansen. God Bless 
Goodnight twitterworld, going to sleep n cuddle with my babe  Have a good nite n be safe!
Goodnight twitterworld. I'll tweet y'all later.  Goodnight, J. 
goodnight twittn friends! back to my dream-mobil! 
goodnight twittterrellas!  tomorrow is monday! a new week,a fresh start and sooo much to do xoxo
goodnight twittville...not feeling to welll...hope i feel much better n da morning...luv u all muah 
Goodnight wifey. Goodnight Zalamander. I luvs you both very much 
Goodnight World  ... ...
Goodnight world  talk to yall lataz...
Goodnight world ;) I love you chloÃ«! 6 more days 
goodnight world i love you 
Goodnight world see you when i arise to the sunlight beaming down on me 
Goodnight world! haha I might go to bed I'll have to force myself 
Goodnight World! Kind of excited to start work tomorrow 
Goodnight World, Get Ready to &quot;Get It Done Today!&quot;....soon  Can't wait to share this with you!
goodnight world, heading to bed now 
goodnight world. I will see you all tomorrow! 
Goodnight world. I'm so lucky. 
Goodnight world. It's gonna get better keep your heads up from los angeles to Tokyo and all in between. 
Goodnight world. Let's hope I dream about you again. 
goodnight world. time to go dream of a more happier life.   &lt;3
Goodnight world. Today was a good day. 
goodnight world.... goodnight eddplant. 
goodnight ya all 
Goodnight Y'all  Disneyland tommorrow.....I hope.....COME ON! No block out day please! Hehehe Sweetdreams! Im out 
Goodnight ya'll. Drive safely and sleep well 
Goodnight!  3hr nap :p yay
GOODNIGHT!  Church was SO good. Then @Juliamark's dance was SICK!  Now, im going to call her, and talk to her!  I'll tweet...
goodnight!  going to sleep happyyy. or whatev.
Goodnight!  Happy Mothers Day!
goodnight!  that dodger game really burned my wallet and me :/
goodnight! cant wait till tomorrow! 
goodnight! i can't wait to move in to our NEW house tommorrow! 
Goodnight! Off to dream about being able to say that I have a degree, not that I have completed uni and am &quot;pending graduation&quot;. 
Goodnight! Or should I say.. good morning! Lol.. well I'm going to sleep.. 
goodnight! sweet dreams! 
goodnight! thanks for the party!  #20BoySummer
Goodnight!!! 
goodnight!!!! 
Goodnight, all. Got an early morning tomorrow. 
Goodnight, everybody 
goodnight, going to lye in bed, listen to jonas brothers and cry untill i fall asleep  sounds good x
Goodnight, good morning and HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Visit my profile to see my silly offspring.Its funny, the love of my life picks his nose! 
Goodnight, people 
Goodnight, sending positive vibes to tomorrow 
Goodnight, sleep tight, sleep fast. And don't let the bedbugs bite your..........hiney!  http://u.mavrev.com/6n7y
Goodnight, tomorrow will be a long day 
Goodnight, tweet tight! Haha so proud of my tweet joke 
Goodnight, Twitter. Hope you all enjoy the new jam. Thanks for listening. 
Goodnight, Twitterverse.  &lt;3
Goodnight, twittians!  C'ya tomorrow!  Sleep well. 
Goodnight, world 
Goodnight.      i love sleeping cuz of the amazing dreams 
Goodnight. . .glad I stayed in tonight 
Goodnight. Already feel that I'm gonna wake up on the wrong side of the bed  YAY!
Goodnight. Early morning. Take child to school by 7:30, then a workout, then to the college ad work. Long day. 
Goodnight. Especially to you 
Goodnight. God Bless.  i'm so tired.
goodnight. hurrah. 
goodnight. Sleeping to dream about you!! 
goodnight. sleeptight. don't let the bedbugs bite. 
Goodnight. Snuggles and Spoons everyone! And sometimes Forks. But NEVER Sporks! OUCH!! 
Goodnight. Swimming got me tireddddd ::::: tweet dreams 
goodnight. wearing my shitty failure of making tie dye tomorrow 
Goodnight... see you at midnight! okay... it's then 6am here in germany! 
goodnight..I got the best bf in the world 
Goodnight/Good Morning World 
goodnite all - big bday for me today! 27 and ALIVE 
Goodnite thinking bout my relationships then sleep 
Goodnite tweeps, Im thankful good friends and family!  
goodnite tweets., i need to rest...(im so excited to be with you my fiance) 
goodnite twits 
goodnite twitterverse. 2morrow will be a better day, hopefully. Ok. No hoping. it WILL be a better day. 
Goodnite Twitterville!!  Time to go chill and watch a little tv with my hubby b4 bed... 
Goodnite twitties 
Goodnite world. I is tired. {yawn} 
GOODNITE! See ya'll in the morrow. 
Goodnite!! Finally my BABE (puppy) is asleep 
Goodnite!!!Sweet dreams 
goodnite.  ....things to do all day tomorrow. love ya! xo.! chao.
goodniteeee gotta wake up early and get this moneyyyy  got me&amp;MINES;) i gotta worry bout now.
GOODNYTE TWITTZ....OFF 2 LALA LAND SOON....NICK @ NYTE IN DA MEAN TIME 
Goodtimes...anytime u need a payment 
Goodwill is a wonderful place, so many baubles and other curiousities to discover 
goofing around!!! 
Goofing off on the computer for now, but going to Payless for new shoes soon... BOGO  heheheheheeee
Google App Engine is not meant for terrorists  http://imgur.com/0rr82.png
Google Chrome just became my new favorite browser... I really likes. 
Google Chrome with extension is definitely a bonus :using gmail notification, RSS subscribe and Cleeki. Neat!  Could not wait to see WOT!
Google Down -&gt; Twitter over capacity -&gt; News websites slow. It's the end of the world 
Google has assigned TBPR2 to bing.com 
Google is looking very good with the temporary tetrist image, happy birthday tetris 
GOOGLE MRLOVECHILD YALL ! 
Google page seems to be unstable. I've to use yahoo to search. Memories from old times 
Google Research: 'Personal Defeats' Just found some good stuff. Currently Bible stories, as a hardly-ever-practicing Christian, help me 
Google rocks. Type in almost any technical problem, and someone's discussing the answer 
Google Wave iam waiting for you 
google wave is the best 
Google Wave looks like eMail 2.0 
Google Wave looks pretty interesting. Appeals to my inner nerd 
Google Wave will not hurt twitter, but improve it, with a little robot thingy that updates directly to your twitter 
Google Wave: Simply awesome 
Google Waverines? Has anyone got hold of a Google Wave account, yet? 
googled #iran9 and time, CNN, BBC, washingon post, Cnet news, AFP, comp.wrld, itnews all have article quoting #iran9 #iranelections #GR88 
GoogleWave! FTW! Thanks Ant 
Googling this UP movie everyone's talking about.    Without TV I miss trailers &amp; have no idea movies are coming out, LOL!
gooing to duquoin, 
Gooing to my auntiss house  
gooingg to the mall with mom^^ 
goonight @nalts, from me too 
gooo LAKERSS!!! on the train back to l.a after a great weeken 
Gooo Stavros Flately!!!! 
Gooo... move up by 1  30. elitestv.com
Gooo... move up by 3  82. businessweek.com
Gooo... move up by 3  85. sulumitsretsambewmaster.com
goood day, happy birthday lyana!!!!   yummie dinner  hope yor having fun tonight  wish i was there!!
Goood morgen  http://bit.ly/CGC5g
goood morning  its going to be a good day
Goood morning  The sky looks rather gloomy. Don't let its gloominess rub off on you!! Haha
goood morning !!!!!  off to work only half an hour late   have a nice day everyone !!! xoxo
Goood morning Chicago On this great Friday Morning ! time to wake up and watch Fall Out Boy on the Today show 
goood morning everyone! I just woke up, well i feel fine 
goood morning to the world 
Goood morning tweeties! Literally, let's make it just that. . .a GOOD morning! 
goood morning world. I wonder what sort of adventure you have in store for me today? 
Goood Morning! Getting ready then on my way to North Carolina! Texts and Tweets would be wonderful 
goood morning! out for a bike ride on this chili day 
Goood morning, internet. It's 09.52 BST (08.52 UTC) and I have an email from Apple fixing a problem I sent to them.  Nice company.
goood night everyone 
Goood Night Twitter im going to Bed Coz it Is Like 2:30am in the Morning the Uk so basicly It Is Monday today  bye a good reast of ur Sund
goood sex is me 
Gooodafternooon 
gooodbye everybodyyyyyyy!! 
Gooodbye twitter  i have to study 4 my math test 2morrow..ughh xxx
gooodluck @mileycyrus yourrr amazinggg 
Gooodmorning  at the cross, at the cross....
gooodmorning  leaving grands house, attempting to get dad a birthday present, now where would you get grilling supplies...
gooodmorning twittterrrrrrrrrrrs 
gooodnight  xxx
gooodnight twitter! session went very well  gotta keep pushing
GOOOO LAKKKERRSSS! This game will prove who the better team is. &gt; there isn't gonna be a game on Sunday...btw. 
Gooood morning  Golfing later on. Might go swimming? Idfk yet. Relay for life this week ))
gooood morning  http://plurk.com/p/vgy9f
Gooood Morning everyone..... and here we are again, doin' the hustle  happy Monday all. Have a fantastic day!!!
Gooood morning Nebraska! Kind of a gloomy beginning to this Tuesday, but hopefully it will perk up  am:gi begins in about 45 minutes.
Gooood morning tweets! I don't wanna get up. Sho nuf! But I promised the midget eggs and biscuits so *stretch* I'm up I'm up! 
gooood morning twitter wow nicky is as long from head to back paw as my body 
Gooood morning twitterville!!  happy wednesday!..almost the weekend.
Gooood morning world 
gooood morning! @loveshine 
Gooood morning. 
gooood morning~!! im watching vh1 video countdown and nibbling on a poptart... yum! 
gooood mornnning tweeetie pies!!! another beautiful day! cant wait to lay out and watch the LAAAKER game babbby!! 
Gooood Niiiiiiiiight Peeeeeps  &lt;3  lol v.v
Gooooddddd EVEEEEEEEEEningggg ALL!!  *ok that is annoying* LMAO
goooodmorning  I've a soccer topurnament to go to, tell you when I get back, but we'll probably be last or something like that xD
goooodnight dallas texas. 
goooodnight world, i can't wait to sleep in my bed! @arielhatesyou there's definitely no way you're sleeping in longer than me 
GOOOOL â™¥ YEAAAAH! 
Goooood morning  Today I woke up in my bedroom not knowing where I was... I think someone wasn't ready to get up.. Off to work!!
goooood morning people of twitter  maisie is rather tired... mmm.
Goooood morning tweeps, moving furniture, car across countries is never fun 
Goooood morning world 
goooood morning! 
Goooood morning!  i love this weather. I'm craving sushiland cause of it lol
goooood morning! Nice sunny monday! Checking my feeds and I'm already (11am) working on new iPhone U  #squarespace
Goooood morning!!! Best sleep ever. I feel so refreshed 
Goooood morning, assholes  &lt;3 http://mypict.me/2h4x
goooood night. i'm going to sleep in a lovely mood! 
goooooddd morning tweets!!  week three OF my workout. did i mention i got my new glasses yesterday?!? 
goooooddd morning!!! ahh weather is looking better  hopefully it says like it tomorrow  xx
GOOoooddDD morning my twitterbirds... gonna get ready for work soon  dont worry i'll eat some cereal before work. talk to me prettys.
gooooodmorning twittersss. 
Gooooodmorning! Up early today. Just half an hour and The Kid will be home from a week at his dad's 
gooooodnight twits 
Gooooodniteee Twitterrr ;amd; Chris Brown Is Calling Meeee ..  
Gooooood mornin vietnam!!!! 
gooooood morning Tuesday 
gooooood morning twit loves 
Goooooodnight  xxx &lt;3
goooooood evenin!  eat eat eat! :b
goooooood morning twitterfriends!! 
Goooooood morning Twitter-World! 
Goooooood Morning! Leaving for New York in an hour or so. Cool, I'll be in New York by tonight. 
Goooooood Morning! Sun + no work.... 
gooooooodmorning twitter people 
gooooooodnight 
Gooooooodnight I'm pooped 
gooooooodnight. 
Gooooooood morning all. Man I need to DJ more often. I miss it. 
Gooooooood morning twitizens ! anyone as upbeat about today as I am ? 
gooooooood morning viatnam   http://yfrog.com/42rirj
Gooooooood Morning! 
gooooooood morning!!!  Hubby has a day off today  supposed to be +14 this afternoon going to take jay to the park
Gooooooood morning. 
Goooooooodnight twitterrssss 
Goooooooodtimes 
Gooooooooo Maaaagiiic! Now i can say i was a fan forever. I mean damn, I went to games in diapers. 
goooooooood niiiiiiiiiiiiight 
Goooooooooood morning  !! The sun is shining and the sky is blue, perfect weather for a party.
goooooooooood morning!!! I'm going to get my butt up and take the dogs for a walk to the park!   Its beautiful outside...rise &amp; shine!!!!
goooooooooood night every one kisses to you all in your right and in your left cheek , sweet dreams and happy morning God bless you 
GOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!MORNING PEOPLE!!  How are you?Â¿Â¿??
Gooooooooooodmorning mah twittah peeps! *does the OMG where's my coffee shake it dance* 
Goooooooooooood morning! Denis picked up our AdFix stickers yesterday - they look ace:  http://bit.ly/nhWg8 Check out those beauties! 
Goooooooooooooood morning!  
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODNIGHT TWITTER  BUT STUDY SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH 
Goooooooooooooooooooood morning!  
gooooooooooooooooooooooood mooooooooooorning!!! now?? On the beach..bye 
Goooor morning twitterettes!!! What a great weekend! 
Gordia crunch from taco bell, and honey bbq wing's from checker's. now that's good eatin' 
Gordy is YouTubing again  Expenses get the nod for Brown pearls of wisdom http://www.number10.gov.uk/
Gorgeous chipboard letters for #scrapbooking and #cardmaking at http://www.peachycheap.com - 3 sets only $5.99!  Sweeeet.  
gorgeous day  BBQ for tea and song writing sesh....good times 
gorgeous day  having people over for cornhole &amp; beer
Gorgeous day here in CO. I'm at Mike's Camera, Denver! I'm quite sure you should come by 
Gorgeous day in Denmark!! Seeing the sights of the city today-last meeting tonight of the whole tour-then off to Italy with kate to rest 
Gorgeous day in Munich 
Gorgeous day out 
Gorgeous day today!!       I love it when it gets warm!  Finally, we had a never ending winter!
gorgeous day today. gym at 11:30 then who knows ? 
Gorgeous day, packing going badly, and I have no Idea who won BGT. And wouldn't know if someone told me! I think this is good thing. 
Gorgeous fp! Your little earrings are so sweet @lillyella  http://www.etsy.com/
Gorgeous morning 
Gorgeous morning wharfside 
Gorgeous movie so far, tho. Heath is amazing! Damn shame about him. Jake looks like a baby dyke. Loves it! 
gorgeous warm, sunny morning here in East Sussex - lovely! Just right for a walk down the beach 
Gorgeous! Sweety Darling!!! 
Gorgeouuss ouutt! Soaking up the sunn - 6 more days till schools overr 
Gorleston to Norwich 
GOSH ! the hollywood tower ride was fun ! i taas ka den baba klng agd ! lngaw mxdo . people ! kng mg pnta kau sa calif adventure try it ! 
Gosh I had a life before twitter LOL. Must go do some shopping. Tweet later. Enjoy your day whatever you're doing. 
gosh i think i gonna drive some where far..shitty weather in germany ..3 days would be enough! 
gosh i'm so sweaty. i love the park (: now i'm waiting for my sis so we can go hit up the gym   
gosh is that @BlokesLib i see peeking his beanie in? 
gosh! i'm freakin' bored! talk to me! 
Gosh, I had not realised how much film studies work Pete had set us. Meanwhile, I'm going to watch 'The Motorcycle Diaries' 
Gosh, I still feel weird after those hamburgers for dinner yesterday... hopefully the chicken soup today will help me feel better. 
gosh, i thought i was gonna sleep but then David started tweeting.. hahaha 
gosh, I'm full. :p maybe I should give my computer a rest already.. 
Gosh, I'm good. Fixed the whole ant-virus problem. Computers happy now 
Gosh, my tution for tomorrow morning postpone  tution teacher sms me at 0240 ! - http://tweet.sg
gosh, people, please stop asking me &quot;how did I get my double thumb&quot;. it doesn't grow during the night, not even if you go to Lourdes 
gosh, so tired.... woke up at eleven this morning. then watched old 'the nanny' episodes 
gosh. hols not so good. got sunburnt today from golf. =.= oh well, least i realised i have potential to do really well.  boring day tmr
gosh...i'm 22 years old...an old lady!  thanks for all the great birthday wishes! it was a wonderful day! now it's bedtime!
gospelfamily is always fun 
Gossip girl *.* I love it  Chuck is sooo....UGH xDD And Nate...O.O WOOOW xDD But not so great like @JonasBrothers xDD
gossip girl .. nails .. shower .. hair .. make up .. getting dressed .. out .. cant wait to see the girls tonight  gonna be FuNn
gossip girl in one hour  fuck fuck fuck fuck X(
Gossip Girl Marathon 
gossip girl season II last episode airing today 
GOSSIP: A person who will never tell a lie  if the truth will do more damage. 
Gossip: My favorite is www.justjaredjr.com, they keep it simple w/ enough of info. Style site: www.dresslikemiley.net that's my favorite 
gossip-ing after the final exam is really good 
Got #andyhurleyday  TT screen shot... on my Twitpic... 
got 1 after school detention. 2 lunch times and if i dont go to them. i will get 2 more after schools 
got 1 bag of WHITE MUSK full set from my mom.. anyway, we went out for celebrating our beloved Pop birthday.. 
Got 1/2 of dinner marinating and the other 1/2 in the crock pot.  Easy cooking tonight.  
got 10tix terminatorsalvation w/ me, now i need a bodyguard 
Got 12 hours of work in today. And 12 tomorrow 
Got 1700plus tweets! Yayy to me! 
Got 2 A's today  Hacked off by M. I just don't wanna see your ugly pictures!!!
got 2 free periods at school today  double biology in the afternoon |-) exciting eh ? NAAAATTTT
Got 2 more exams today people, please pray  bit of keys. Bit of corrine bailey rae...fun times
Got 2 new free books via Bookcrossing! ^^ So after I've finished them, I'll leave them for someone else to read, always fun. 
Got 2 spend some time with john today @johnwestsongs and discuss some business over a private show. Lucky girl... I know.  check him out.
Got 21st Century Breakdown.  Might be a bit absent for a while... 
got 3 Bohol shirts! Thank you Ate Karen  http://plurk.com/p/xsrmn
Got 30/05/09-07/06/09 booked off work! Ahhh..9 Days of glorious relaxation 
Got 98% at Canon Rock! 
Got a &quot;thing&quot; for doctor chics. 
Got a 15&quot; Mac Book Pro at a student price with free wireless Mighty Mouse and display adapter 
Got a 3.5 in French!      bobo sa exam!  YEY! 75% lang haha///
Got a awesome dress from H&amp;M... 
Got a B in Andrew's report, yay! Just waiting for washing machine to finish, then heading to Asda to pick up dinner for me and Nabil 
Got a bad head from too many Babychams, Cherry B's, and Snowballs at the 70's party last night. A day of paper reading and movies. Bliss. 
Got a beautiful past, present &amp; future necklace with earings for my 7th anniversary yesterday 
Got a bit of sun today!  Awesomeee.
got a bit of sunburn yesterday. Suncream today I think! Only going to do 6 miles today  #fb
Got a brand new and custom designed #twitter background from http://is.gd/Rg7r get yourself one too 
Got a brilliant idea for a keychain! Warrior Cat Keychains. 
got a check today. Thanks, DC. Now if Marvel could do the same. 
Got a chicken wrap 
got a clue  
Got a coffee, eaten a donut, prepping for my appraisal, it's a good day so far 
Got a couple 'you look shiny' comments today 
got a cup of tea and just got up! 
got a cute balinese wooden pen from m classmate 
Got a cute new outfit for TC graduation tonight. Yay I love my Besties. Hope ya always remember it 
got a day off today 
Got a DVD with the Mail On Sunday, Nobel Son. Looks cool, love the cast... Alan Rickman, Eliza Dushku, Danny DeVito, Bill Pullman. Nice 
got a email from my campsite at silverstone...  all sorted! thanks guys ;)
Got a email from my wife that she stays at her parents' house tonight. Yeah, I'm single for tonight  Yatta!!
got a few errands then tryin to hit the gym then its work...a new week thank GOD i only work 4 days a week 
Got a free MTB yesterday that needs some work . . . or I can use the components to upgrade my other bike.  
Got a free ticket to Take That in Croke Park next weekend. Woohooo!!  Looking 4ward 2it. Oh,+just found out little Diane is pregnant. 
Got a fully belly of chico's tacos. Gonna sleep like a baby and probably wake up with a &quot;stomach ache&quot;  lol
Got a fun package from my dear friend Lina from Canada!! Totoro folder, syugogetten stationary &amp; spirited away ost 
got a good feeling going  i can do this , aja!
Got a good tan. 
Got a good tan. SWIMMING TOMORROW! 
Got a great comp back on the blog I am producing. Very excited!  Hope my boss feels the same way. 
got a great first verse and chorus goin' i love this song 
got a job at baskin robins 
got a job interview 2morrow  .....and i fucken hate Centrelink lol its just gives me the shits!!
Got a late start today. 7:00am!!! 
Got a late start. Im good now 
got a lie in...7am, wwooohooo!  2weeks till new baby (should) be here 
Got a little beat up from the bull and inflatables, but it was totally worth it 
Got a little messed up during service while doing security. I don't have a weak heart, I have a sensitive heart. I'm not a bad friend 
Got a look at the Visual Studio 2010 beta.. not bad, says I. 
Got a lot accomplished today 
got a lot of cool clothes from my dad 
got a lot of fish, puuuuhhhh... 
got a lot of shit for the apt @ ikea.  so awesome. didn't spend tons of $$ even better.  going home time.
got a lot of shopping done today...really excited bout my new travel journal! Going to go to sleep watching a movie with my cousins 
Got a lot of things to do hehe daya sa mga walang ginagawa 
got a lot of value out of the Mission Control seminar!!! Worth every penny! Looking forward to Day 2 
got A LOT of work done today! Holy productivity, Batman! Time to watch a movie! 
Got a lot on my mind... All good things tho  I'm happy w my relationships w all the ppl who matter in my life 
Got a Maths exam in a few hours. I'm still in bed! 
Got a meeting at the Thirt Hotel this morning so I'm taking advantage of the weather and just walking in. It's lovely 
got a new bigger chair.. nice! thanks daddy 
got a new book (actually two, lol) a glass of wine... now it's quiet time 
Got a new cell phone 
Got a new computer and going to the teen choice awards. Thanks best friends 
got a new dog 
Got a new dvd album. 
got a new fone today...it is AMAZING!!! 
got a new hair cut. mohawk haha 
got a new hoodie. pretty good day. i love the beach  okay, goodnight.
got a new HP Mini and methinks you'll be seeing a lot more of me now 
got a new inspiration for her future bakery....!! 
Got a new Johnny Cash Shirt  â™¥ .. tomorrow french test :S hope it'll be weekend soon &gt;.&lt;
got a new kitten,shes so cute 
got a new laptop and an itouch today. what a dent. happy early birthday to. good day though  tomorrow dying my hair... myself!
Got a new old fashion phone. A Sony Ericsson k320i. Missing my iPhone already. But at least I am now reachable 
got a new pair of heels, and had lunch at Chili's  and dancing retarded in the car 
got a new phone ,     mr perfect bought it for me 
got a new phone today 
got a new phone with some features other than just talkin on that bitch. i feel brand new! 
got a new pic tanks to @tawnysmith 
got a new picture and background 
got a new puppy! 
got a new shirt + jumper today 
got a new shirt w/ tapes on it  O'll take a pic of it soon
Got a new shlef for my kitchen 
got a new stuffed cat last night..i named it Demmiseltay Jonas. haha like Demi, Miley, Selena,and Taylor.  just too cool.
got a new tattoo 
got a nice tan today,thank you sun..thank you 
Got a paper about widgets accepted at the IEEE Africon 2009 conference. Looks like I might be going to Kenya, Giggity! 
Got a pay rise of 53 bucks 
Got a really cute Chloe wallet and cardigan from today's Closet Party! 
got a revised Gender topic. Yay! 
GOT A RIDE ! GOING TO THE PARADE TOMORROW ! THATS WHAT THE FUCKS UP  
got a scrape on my leg from my bed...stupid metal! but gafferty shall help with the healing of laughter! 
got a SMS from mays   he's stil all that I want and all that I need ;D
Got a song stuck in my head...it's called &quot;That Song in my Head.&quot;  (No joke!!)  
got a surprise tis' morn my step son's b-day present (Hornets Hoodie)I order on-line off Ebay arrived It's so nice, I think he'll love it 
Got a tattoo! 
Got A TON of photos. Best two = Robert Forster, myself, and Cristine Rose, and another w/ @DavidHLawrence &amp; @Mia and myself! 
got a traditional makeover. wondering what ppl back at base will say!! 
got a treasury too vilte  http://bit.ly/h1zel
Got a vaccine this morning. The nurse kept on saying, &quot;Relax your muscles, relax.&quot; I'm not even doing anything to contract it. HAHA. 
got a visit from @naharina at work today, is nice to see friendly faces come to visit! 
Got a visit from my sister and nephew at work today. Woohoo! That was especially nice. 
got a vivian girls shirt. 
got a Wreck This Journal from Barnes &amp; Noble today. I can't wait to get started. 
got accepted at Konservatorium Wien to study contemporary dance there!! 
got accepted into Brock University 
got accepted into military police and was made platoon i/c today  - http://tweet.sg
got access to a PIX firewall 
Got accessories for prom now  I think that's everything...
got all A's 
got all my equipment ready for the test 
got all my NIN on work computer 
Got all three tickets 
GOT AN *A* ON MY INTERVIEW PROJECT FROM LAST WEEK! 
got an A on her first ever 2-page screenplay written - it would have been a really good 3 minutes, I guess 
Got an Affiliate Marketing Question? I'll answer it for free. No strings attached  AskMissyWard.com
Got an Airgun from my cousin today 
Got an antique chess board!  prob being I can't play
Got an appointment with the Doc later on... I'd be surprised if I can remember where the surgery act. is. lol. 
Got an email from google: will get preview access to wave  sweet.
Got an email reply from Yuri  she's safe in Japan but its kinda lonely here without her~ =P
Got an extra demo this week...! Soft Shell Crab this Friday...! Recipe will come after  Thank you Jesus...! LOVE the work...!
Got an inspiration -&gt; dyeing my hair! 
got an interview at bath &amp; body works - i'd smell like overly chemicalized flowers but i would be makin monies 
got an interview at Kikki. K tmrw! 
Got an invitation to my cousin's wedding in October!  Looks like America is asleep again. Sweet dreams everyone! I'm off to have dinner.
got an iPod touch. 
Got an unexpected day off work so get to go to church today! 
got and  A in philosophy  next A, english :]
Got ane email from AYG, I will be a Field Officer at the Asian Youth Games 
got another audition! 
Got another Betta. This is the third male Betta I have now  Black and blue. Now I need a nice cheap bowl for him.
got another cartilage piercing right under my other one  now going to the pool!
got another haircut 
got another key made so no more locking my keys in my car. 
got another tat today 
Got another Wolverine poster  which means another Hugh Jackman poster. Now sitting at IHOP w/ Erin &amp; Colin!
Got asked to stay an extra hour at work, so I was like, ok! 
got assigned HIS phantom regiment helmet today 
Got attacked by sun at graduation ceremony. Have now discovered that hands have freckled. I fscking love my skin! 
Got back form schoool and enjoying the last 9 hours of being 14 and some haribo 
got back form the mall. with nikki. chilling. (: valleyfair tomorrow  soooo excited. &lt;3
Got back from a week of jamming in the French city of Meyrueis. Feel hella replenished 
got back from grand junction last night and now i'm going to summer camp WOOT! WOOT!   
got back from hastings/bexhill last night - brill wknd got a little bit burnt - ooops 
Got back from knoxville. Tired 
got back from my physical  lots of stuff to do around the house today...
got back from prom a little while ago it was so much fun...met a really cute boy named travis but had a total GNO with the girls!!! 
got back from raf's graduation party.  fun stuff 
got back from relay for life, it was pretty good, next year will be better cuz I'll be joining in on the walk 
Got back from seeing Drag Me To Hell. And umm, going to sleep I suppose. New song www.myspace.com/smileycloudmusic  Its pretty.  
got back from sushi 
Got back from the Palms. Gelly &amp; Nessa and I saw Night at the museum.  They LOVED IT! MOVIE ROCKED! 
Got back from tubing at Coles!!! It was CrAzY?!?!? I bounced 18 feet BARE! NO TUBE... IN THE AIR... MEE!!! AHHHH! lol 
got back home and can't sleep again 
Got back home! 
Got back last German exam for this year. 2... which is awesome, btw. 
Got back so late yesterday :| made dumplings in London and played a heck of a lot of Roackband 
Got back yesterday from my Cebu-Bohol trip. I have sunburns but that's okay. 
got beggin' on repeat since god knows when.  holla at young for this!
Got bored on a Saturday night and decided to mess around with the linux server. You can listen in at http://vomitradio.com 
Got bored, watching Supernatural again  Hurays.
got buzzed at dinner tonight......supposed to study, but idk now        joey on the brain...loving and missing you so much my little romo!
Got called a hooker tonight. I take that as a compliment haha 
Got carried away w/ sending emails all weekend &amp; almost nervous bout replies.However I'd be more nervous if no 1 replied!That'd b stress! 
Got caught in the rain with about 7 people  Now, probably just gunna watch Smallville till I fall asleep
Got coffee, Dave Ramsey playing and will listen to Glenn Beck in a little while. Got a job and life is good 
Got copies of the two brochures i just produced today and they're looking good 
Got done watching Star Trek with my bros. Good movie 
Got done with my Taco Bell interview! Eatin some store bought pizza with Lordie Brown! Then goin to see Land of the Lost!!!! WOOH!!!!!!!! 
got done working and took a shower so now i smell good 
got dry face-fucked by a straight guy! also had tons of fun playing freeze tag, capture the flag and never have I ever.  I feel like a 12
Got email from a fan art too it made my day LOL I am sooooo happy people love  my art 
Got email: &quot;Poop is now following you on Twitter&quot;. Then &quot;poop&quot; quickly un-followed. What kind of rude crap is that? 
Got everything i need for my little friend 
Got fired 
Got firefly on dvd. Watching it now to fuck 
got free tickets to Magic 89.9's premiere night of Drag me to Hell...  an early birthday treat! hehe... 
Got fresh air in Terrace and feeling fresh  The climate in Bangalore is awesome.
Got Glasto rehearsals soon. It's a lot 
Got good #bahn service in Leipzig service center. Thanks to Mrs Siegfried 
Got great reviews at joeys 
Got Green Days New Album 
Got Greenday tickets for October 
got harry potter 6 to read on plane 
Got healthy stuff  muesli, brown rice, wholemeal pasta, unsweetened cranberry juice. also @xylokz which coles do you work at?
Got her brouges! 
got her first paycheck ever!!!!!!!!    
Got her new red shoes in the mail today!  Too excited!
got her Sugarland tickets!! SO excited for September! 
got his twitter back 
got home already.. Praise God for the successful rehearsal.. rest all well  God bless 
Got home from a party at 11am. Great night/morning though. 
Got home from running goose pond not too long ago.  Just waiting to hop into the shower before lunchy.  Then hitting the park with Celia 
Got home from seeing &quot;Up&quot; with my freind a while ago. Cutest movie ever 
got home from the most beautiful wedding, my dream wedding I think. Oh yeah, the nephew got the diploma, I cried, and cried some more 
got home from work  watching a movie...
Got home from work got a #2 from mc d's and a free coke cup  now me sleepy
got home just in time to watch Roland Garros 
Got home last night from Chicago. Home 4 less than 24 hrs. then off 2 Track Town, USA 4 Pre Classic.  Get 2 spend 2day with my kids!   #fb
got home now im eating a doughnut and apple juice 
Got home safe and sound to my cozy bed in Dirty Jersey...gonna curl up with my drunken Emo and get some sleep night all 
Got home super early this morning.The next two days are nothing but freedom for me 
Got home to a bunch of flowers, a hot bath and a glass of wine - can't say fairer than that can you? 
Got home to discover not just one, but both kittehs sleeping on my bed. I feel loved 
Got home took a nappy nap... off to Frisco for dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. YUM  X2 
Got home. Gfx tablet arrived and is so cool. NatWest card reader is here. Great. Letter about new(ish) job. yay. Firefly mini-marathon. 
got home. watching wizards. love jenn stone. 
got honked at again and totally panicked when this big guy started walking very closely behind me... but I got a coke so its all good 
got humped by a dog this morning - an omen for a good day if there ever was 1! 
got in a bifff over the weeekend haah  how eventful
Got in a fight with some ivy. I won 
Got into the finals of the Imagine Cup... Cairo, here I come 
Got into the show early. Jackson's chillen. Lil shorty 
got into this tweetdeck thing aaarrrggghhhhhhhh.  This is going to get some getting used to 
Got iPhone  all I have to do now is figure this out!
got it now So i got the laptop to work a lil   
Got it to work. Will i be updating more now??? Hmmm Thanks Melissa! 
got it yesterday  http://tinyurl.com/ngq4nx
Got it! http://bit.ly/3wzX4R When in doubt check the API 
got it, yay 
got ittttttt texted to tom, telling him to reply to me on twitter!! ha 
Got Java running in Iceweasel 64bit with openjdk-6 
Got jeans that fit me tighter than my acid washed.   Abe_A_Ham!Cee!&lt;33 :]
got job today  soo happy
got Joe Meyer's comic &quot;in the meantime&quot; today, lulu stuff comes out really nicely! shall read shortly 
Got Kelly listening to some 'Black Tide' today -I think she liked it  
Got kicked out of adult swim  Rockband session in full swing
got laura and i breakfast  yay. i realised i left my shit in saras car...oops
got lifting gloves today  yay no more blisters. drumline workshop today was alright. another workshop wed :/
got live last night at our  vid comin soonnn
got loads of songs in my head  loving myspace at the moment loads of amazing bands 
got loads of work done this weekend - thought of some stuff, started some stuff and finished some other stuff ..this is really v. rare 
Got lost again, but made it without paying for parking again.  Time for another sweetass day.
got lots of comics. coffe with pip was nice, saw roxie too. waiting for the hangover to start. so many reviews for @mediasaurusrex coming 
Got LOTS of good snax for Study on Sunday 
got married Wednesday!!  yay!
Got Maya and 3DMax. I just wanted to know how its like  .....I'll just play around with it
Got me a big mac! Leaving in an hour!  bye U.S!
got me a crackin car playlist to drive over to Fishs tomorrow 
Got me a mango Arizona ice tea and doughnuts for tomorrow! I'm all set 
Got me an iPod Touch. It's soo cool. 
got me some eats 
Got me some new flip-flops, courtesy of Roxy, and a new dress  Yey! Successful day shopping.
Got me some shades for the sun today. I don't care if i'm in the office... i'm wearing them all day! 
Got Mitchel's album. 
got money..now i need to get to timemasters DD im a total game and anime freak 
got moreeee shandy 
Got Muse tickets 
got my  twitter acount back 
Got my @gdgt sticker today,a day before my 18th birthday  From New York to London in 3 days!3 stamps though, sorry about that @peterrojas
got my @UBank USB drive today. unlike some people, i won't be hacking mine...just don't have the heart  
got my additional images opening the right picture in the popup window.  yay. 400 products updated so far.  100 to go. Total sold 0. heh
Got my attics w sadie art work included  good times just broke my head phones bad times still happy buy attics!
Got my Aussie shampoo, conditioner, and Harry style miracle! Thanks @mumble_rosie 
got my best time with @SayaSaras today. we both passed that damn thing. really excited, but dont know how to show it out. SMANSA 
got my beta code of bumptop need to find a machine to run it  #bumptop
got my birthday gift 
Got my BlackBerry Storm updated to the new version &amp; hope there are no issues 
Got my blades, saw Land of the Lost, and heading out again in a couple hours.. today keeps getting better  Yay Saturdays!!#FB
Got my brother Guitar Hero: Metallica for his birthday! We both love it 
Got my bubble tea finally! Yay! 
Got my butt kicked in a good way today @ the gym. Increased weights &amp; cardio. Heart rate was back to normal quicker &amp; I'm not sore now. 
Got my cap and gown today 
Got my car back and working with good breaks again. 
Got my cartlidge pierced, hurt but I love it 
Got my computer back and found out that I am in a treasury   http://bit.ly/12bWkY
Got my conky script working. 
Got my cupcake... it tastes good  especially the on-screen keyboard 
Got my cuppa &amp; bikkies  Yummy, just like Ryan Ross.
Got My Dance Dress 
got my dog tag in the mail today!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 
Got my driver's license renewed &amp; it's another good picture! My last one is still my favorite but everything beats my red face Cali one! 
got my extensions &amp;&amp; video camera in the mail  yay new toys to play with!
got my eye on some Marc Jacobs sandals....should I or...Fu*k yea I should!! lemme just make a phone call he.he. 
got my fcat scores  community service w/ heather and allison 2:00 - 5:00
got my feet up, working some easy overtime  (via @Diana_Cross) proof is in the pic  http://yfrog.com/02qfmj
Got my feminist tattoo with a Female Impersonator blog twist. 
got my fill of great sun, great food, great friends and a great husband this weekend. oh, and studying was ok too. 
Got my final year thesis all printed up  sending it to the binders tomorrow
got my first birthday card today, only 4 more days yay!! the roads won't be safe soon hehe 
Got my first dance show rehearsal this afternoon  fun fun.
Got my first followers 
Got my first law school fee waiver today from William and Mary! I *love* Williamsburg   My long-ago LSAT wasn't too horrible, then.
Got my first salary ..... going to dinner 
Got my first skin of the series by flopping a flush v a guy drawing dead 
got my first two birthday cards in the post today 
Got my glasses back... 
Got my GMAT books. Lets see what 3 days of studying will get me. 
Got my grades for spring semester and I'm happy to say that I officially have a 4.0 for the entire year, HELL YEAH  *does a little dance*
got my hair cut  bangs look sexy. dying it laterrrr.
got my hair cut shorter 
Got my hair did  
Got my hair did!  Going to Drew graduation! *SNIFF*
got my hair rebonded!  yey! haha
got my hair re-dyed. puuuuuuuuurple again. well, it's red now it should be purple by monday.  SIIIIIICK! i'm the original.
Got my haircut, went for a run with Bella....now waiting to go golfing. I love being home! 
Got my homework for my summer class done for the week! 
Got my laptop!!!!! yay been waiting for 2 months!! they lost it! hehehe wochin Gilmoregirls! sooo good. they talk soooooooo fast!! 
got my license  out cruisin wit my hubby
GOT MY LICENSE FINALLY!!! 
got my mest tickets, now it's time to get it all right for the game #letsgopens 
Got my music results back. 78 for my dissertation which was the main thing I hoped for a good mark in 
Got my MXJ this weekend! I still think the table is a complete waste of time. Mom is annoyed  LOL
Got my nails did today by my maaaamy, hot pink maaaan 
got my nails did, overcame my phobia  hahahaha.
Got my nails did.  Watching murder shows with my dad until dan gets here for the night 
got my new &gt;&gt;&gt; compressed stretch limousine &lt;&lt;&lt;... 
got my new college ID! can't wait for first semester!  watching madagascar 2. for a few laughs. haha.
got my new converse today not only am I exstatic about how awesome they are but I feel good that they're product red 
got my offer from liverpool today  still goin to anglia tho..
Got my other side of my lip pierced, snake bites baby! Thanks Uncle Jorn. 
got my parcel  woopwoop i can go out now
Got my permit last night! On my first try! Only got 3 questions incorrect! Yayayayy, so happy 
Got my permit today! 
Got my permit! You might wanna consider staying off the roads 
Got my phone back today 
got my phone back! 
Got my phone back...lol...I had actually got it back yesterday... 
got my phone fixededed goode  cant text till 5 tomorrow though ....  @daniellebarrie can wait to talk to her
got my phone taken away for having an &quot;attitude&quot; but i just stole it back shhh 
got my preorder from @markygk 
Got my race number and all my supplies for tomorrow.  Thinking about a big pasta dinner 
Got my raptor mount 
Got my results and I'm okaay  I'm going shopping soon with my best friend 
GOT MY RITE EAR PEIRCED! brother got his first peircing, his left ear. I also got 2 new septum bars, one is a  black c bar with balls! 
got my seventeen magazine and yogurtland. ahh good day 
Got my shape up   Waiting to watch &quot;The Game&quot; on BET
Got my skymiles card  woohoo!
got my super duper ultra magnetic deluxe hyper fighting championship new challengers limited edition of Uplifter today, signed by 311 
Got my super thick and fluffy socks on-so toasty and warm 
Got my tattoo yesterday &amp; im going to boston this afternoon. hello urban outfitters 
Got my temps! 
got my tickets to the full moon crazy tour today 
got my Tiki Bar TV official club member card yesterday...  Eek - snakes!
got my tix for blink 182!! HELL YA!!!!! 
got my tomatoes, peppers zucchini and summer squash in finally 
got my truck, needs new fuel pump maybe gonna work on it tomorrow 
got my warped tour tickets today! 
Got myself a banana and blueberry milkshake 
Got myself a book on User Stories.  Now I have an excuse to sit with a beer in the sun 
Got myself an HP CQ60-214EM if anyone's interested, at a VERY good price  MSE to the end :-P
got new chelsea kit 2day  might get a number on the back not sure who to get yet :S
Got new eyeline, mascara, and sobes! Now I'm in a good mood  I love sobes.
got new glasses 
Got new haircut again 
Got new iTunes and can't wait for the trip on Tuesday Washington D.C. here I come! 
got new miu miu shoes 
got new music...all set to study! 
got new shoes  &lt;3
got new specs, and they're Gucci. 
Got new sunglasses  http://tinyurl.com/mgkges
got no place to go, got no where to hide, but you know, I'm always on your side &lt;&lt;&lt; line of a song, do you like it? Tell me 
got off early took a 4 hour nap. now blowin &amp; watching movies! 
got off lightly without having to do the demo! God bless new starters 
got off of work, and is now watching Supernanny 
Got off of work, had lunch, took a nap and now i'm playing wii fit 
Got off work and returned to the apartment.Turned on the TV and saw it was on the Weather Channel. I can tell who had it on last. 
Got off work at 1:30 tonight. Its been a minute and my feet are aching. But I got a loooooovely surprise at work today!!  yay bay!
got off work early  @stephaniebillic I am downnn for some wingss
got officially fed up with the total chill known as summer break and is happy to finally have something productive to work on, amen! 
got one of my models hair styled today first make over 
Got one of the bestest compliments ever today 
got our new puppy dog 
Got our Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen IMAX tickets for the midnight showing/opening.  
Got out of hospital a couple days ago, had a pain in my side that wasnt budging...got put on a drip + everything ...baby is ok though 
Got paid 
got raspberried tonight by an aussie guy!! 
Got ready an hour early today... Bored.  At least beeeen was up at this crazy hour aswell.  
got RENT tickets and some clothes 
got roped into working on a fridaynight, boo boo. still planning on seeing Up! with ma girl though!!  
Got sandwiches and at the park... Playing hoop with my girl  http://myloc.me/27n1
Got seasons 1-3 of Skins. Marathon, yeah? 
got shortest mail id with Live.in : niran@live.in 
got sick of typing it up lol i got 1 paragrpah which is 15o words 
got sims 3... still at the making characters phase 1.5 hours later 
Got Six Feet Under series 1 on DVD 
Got snuck into the hangove!! 
Got so many games too play 
Got socks  Time for weeds nooow, Its goona be a good day  ha
got some amazing pictures today with watermelon 
got some beautiful flowers from my love... boy am I lucky 
got some cute nails.. now I'm going tanning 
got some exciting news 
Got some feedback from clients of design projects. Sounds really positive 
Got some food in me and I'm as good as new 
got some fresh dill for a greek dish I am making this week, and it my entire house has a fresh herb smell.   Pool party tonight!
got some good leads yesterday, prescreen interview on Tuesday, another w a recruiter and then my old co. was apparently asking about me 
got some good sunset pics &amp; had good food w good company  my roommate is 1 of the coolest grownups i know, along w her friends &amp; my rents!
Got some megga bruises and one huge blister from the gig on sat! but it was wicked, worth all the pain! 
Got some new clothes  and series one of supernatural on dvd 
Got some pictures of the sunrise on my way home this morning they came out pretty nice 
got some pictures to upload to flickr will do so later. 
Got some really bubble blowing stuff, I am happy 
got some sweet birthday gifts. 
Got some sweet shopping done in NY today at the Woodbury Commons outlet malls 
Got some tasty pasta thingy for lunch, and watching the F1  awesome
got some tiesto on... in a candle filled room.......  a very warm atmosphere 
got some tortilla chips and sweet chilli dip  YUM!
Got somewhat of a tan. Woo! 
Got Sum follower Yay.....so FuN &amp; Excited 
Got sunburt... i look like a tomato! computer went bust yet again 
got suprised with roses after work. 
Got surprise B'day blast from my friends!! Thx uuu 
got taboo, cranium, &amp; scattergories all for $22  i love board games! hehe.
Got Taken, gonna watch it tonight. 
Got Terminator tix for tonight 
got tha mc jamz playlist going 
got thanked in a tweet by eric victorino aka a musical god. can my saturday have gotten any cooler of a start?! 
got thattttt 
Got the BBQ started for some steaks! What a great day out today. Enjoy all!  Saw I spelt &quot;steaks&quot; wrong on earlier tweet.  lol
got the belly button peircedddd hehe 
Got the Black over Burst Strat back!! Its my beautiful twitter background of course!!  OH HAPPY DAY!
Got the Bounce House set up, Radio Disney blarin' and it's not even a birthday!  http://myloc.me/4an
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/11Q0xi
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/cUUcw
Got 'the climb' by @mileycyrus on repeatt againnn. Loveee itttt 
Got the computer back. Doing nothing with my half day. 
got the coolest gloves today they can turn into mittens  and only 2 weeks till i get a web slider =]
got the coolest new apple slicer from Franklins 
Got the coolest shirt today! It has spongebob and patrick on it and it says &quot;shut up and dance&quot; 
Got the Cosmetics biz on lock  http://bit.ly/Po1Dt
Got the cutest me 2 u, thank u so much astridoooo 
Got the dopest new mouse @work today,  scrolls at lightning speed and the bluetooth no longer drops out!  
Got the first follower on my blog   Thanks @Andhi
got the flu!not the swine flu tho! lol but im heading to a party in melton that has swine flu =S hope i dont catch it! wish me luck!!  
Got the game might have a go on it later. Also got some shoes for the wedding do. They are a bit high so I hope I can walk in them 
Got the going out jitters  especially after that exam!
Got the hang of PJ now and I'm flying 
got the house all cleaned today...DISH guy was here for 3 HOURS today...we can finally watch TV in peace 
got the jager...drank the jager..played games..got drunk.. no hangover yes! ;] making kookies today wif heartless  
GOT THE JOB  bring it on express. Going out with emily and Matt. Concert was awesome. you guys rocked it!
Got the job at pacsun! Woohoo! I can't wait for jackie's party tomorrow 
Got the Job!  #tgame happy
got the kalimba hooked up with wah wah pedal and distortion, ohh 
Got the Keith Urban tunes bumpin 2 the XBOX cheee-hu watch out 4 the Hawaiian Country girl    http://myloc.me/27XJ
got the kids to bed. could have some german comedy now 
got the LVATT album yesterday -- AMAZING! Should be good friday and saturdayyyy girls 
Got the map for the upcoming 10K Run..  Waiting eagerly to hit the roads..
Got the most awesome surprise this morning! Instead of the 6:56 wake up call Abrianna snuggled up and slept with me until 8:37 
got the munchies so am baking myself a cake  lol
Got the munchies...enjoying some cantaloupe. It was already cut up so the hard part was already done. 
got the nametag... and the AE key... this is getting official.  staff week 09 is here 
got the new env touch!it's amazinggggg 
got the next book in the sword of truth series! 
got the package shar, very pretty, thx  hugs to everyone in tx.
got the PERFECT solution to my problems 
got the perfect summer swimsuit! trying to find something to do now 
got the quarter, now its time to smoke it  iLL hoLLa
Got the shoes for the banquet tomorrow..and yes I will be looking fly, doing my good ol UVA proud 
got the sims 3! weeeeeee! more of my life can be spent on a laptop now  hahaha
got the solar attic fan installed today. Lovin the weather 
Got the strings on my guitar fixed!  And a haul!
got the tickets for Tori Amos gig in Zurich! 
got the top i wanted! 
Got the tube at peak hour &amp; got a seat?! wooh! Stupidly/dilariously happy at that... how sad lol 
got the tweets rolling again 
got the twilight board game today  good old ebay..
Got through all his exam markings! Let's home the students get through 
Got tickets to 3oh3, and sewing a Maria Brink dress 
got tickets to go with dad and his girlfriend to see Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, and the Arc Angels on June 24th @ Toyota Center! WOO! 
Got tickets to see @julianunes in London in a few weeks, she's got a unique voice and plays the ukulele 
Got to chill with my baby girl today it was fun like usual 4 months strong ! Many more months to come  love you baby 
Got to get my son some breakfast, prepped, and off to school.  Mmm...  breakfast!!!  
Got to get some pics of me so I am not just a symbol 
got to gloat - you lot all got a bank holiday two weeks ago but its my turn now 
got to go buy one, clean the kitchen then beeeeeeeeeeaaaaach  aslkjdhfaklsjf &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Got to go now!!! I'll tweet later! have a great day and go out and eat some IN N OUT...They have Veggie Burgers if you're Veg. 
Got to go to my grandpa's 86th birthday shindig.    Absolutely exhausted after a weekend at home!
got to go tweeps... love yah all .. especially @RaDollasHpc .. follow him 
got to go, sleepy @AnoopDoggDesai, thanks again for the pics. Have a nice &amp; meaningful day, guys!! ;) Goodnight, Godbless   
got to go.. goodnight everyone! have a nice weekend  xoxo
got to go.... i'll tweet y'all later.. via my phone 
Got to have a brunch then starts my work 
got to level 10 on tetris! it's school tomorrow, which is weird... I should probably go and get ready for bed! one more game of tetris 
Got to love it when a friend sends you a file infected with that antivirus 2009. I'm thinking some chicken and dumplings and were even 
Got to love it when the boss asks you to wait for him to come in and it's to tell you how great you are doing and offers you more work 
Got to love the Bowling 
Got To My 100 Followers  Thanks People.....Next Milestone Is 500 Followers, Lets Make It Happen
Got to reconnect with some dear friends tonight.  I am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  I am blessed 
Got to run tweet you latter. 
Got to see a movie I thought I'd never get to see! 
got to see Drag Me To Hell and Star Trek today without buying a single ticket.  Lu's the best girlfriend ever! 
got to see Melissa this morning! two more days :-O Now to enjoy a nice day out at Wild Water West  for fun, not work!
Got to see my sexi navy guy last night... 
got to see Pink today 
Got to see Seal perform live  So amazing!!
Got to sit in the new camaro today at the chevy dealership.  It was very cool.  If anyone wants to buy me one, you can pick the color.  
Got to sleep in &amp; is now having a better lunch than Denny London. 
got to sneak off to the beach for a quick dip! shh don't tell my boss! ahh life in the Bahamas! 
got to spend some quality time with her soldier today!! Even if it was just over the webcam  Happy girl here!!#militarymonday #miltarymon
Got to talk about X-ile at annual conference during the new church report! 
got to talk to someone who he hasn't talked to in a long time tonight.  and p.s the new lady gaga video is the shitz
Got to the laptop and saw Tetris is celebrating 25 years..I luv Tetris. 
Got to the part in Airman where the dead guy's arm pops out &amp; my screensaver came on. Too SCARY!  I'll finish this tomorrow! Night!
Got to Tinyâ€™s Hall which was full of stuffy air that wouldnâ€™t shift though open doors &amp; windows, so took our happy commotion outdoors 
Got to try Himalayan Kitchen tonight w/@alychee @jfoodie @bigbadpig @chrishall78 &amp; Vivian -- so ono! 
got to upgrade my phone today! its so beautiful. unlimited texts and internet. the bus journies to uni will never be boring again 
Got to wake up to her again! 
got to watch #chaser because hubby was watching QLD thrash NSW live in Melbourne, so we're both happy 
Got to watch the sunrise again! 
Got to work a half hour early. Oops. 
Got to work on the new project lastnight- this is going to be incredible 
Got told I got a good chance at gettin the job  I am so so excited .omgggg. When I come back I want too...
Got tomorrow off 
got TONS of cute stuff at claires  it was awesomeee.
got tons of yard work done today. finally. KAedens got sunburned ears!! sorry about the snow in colorado LEANZACK! 
got tweetie, twitterific hasn't been working and I don't like twitterfon much... tweetie is good 
Got twitter on my blackberry. Hopefully I can use this for some good! 
Got twitter on the phone now 
Got twitterberry working again (: just uninstalled, restarted, installed 
Got two new dresses today !  graduation on Saturdaayyy
got up at 6:30...ugh headache, etc. wish businesses opened earlier. 
got up at 7am for NADA ! ugh. wonder wat my hu$by doing?? hmm i should call him 
Got up close and personal with a C-17 this afternoon  http://bit.ly/uzeWT
Got up early thinking i was doing a 12 hour shift.. turns out im off today. Oh well jkust means i get more time to enjoy the sun!! 
got up from 2hours sleep 
got up from a long sleep. feel good! going shopping today! Yipee!!! 
got up half an hour ago.  it's a rainy day. the next few days will be rainy too. whatever. haha xD
Got up on time w/o an alarm today! Drinking coffee &amp; listening to The Friday Night Boys. Life is good 
got up way to early for a summer day and now is at work getting paid to work on her homework 
got upgraded to first class from PA to Minneapolis, bout time they recognize who I am 
got wayyyy too drunk last night...alcohol poisoining and three stitches later...here i am! 
got woke up earlier than i wanted to be..cheerin' up now i've seen the sun... plan for the day: beers + sunbathing! 
Got woken up with a kiss this morning 
Got Work Experience with the BBC this weekend  WOOOO
Got wrong patch panel for the rack... Had to go back to get a CAT5 one. Now just waiting for the tools to get delivered 
Got yummy yoghurt for my cute little sister in law, hope she'll like it 
gota watch hollyoaks this morning, in bed me thinks 
gots new billie finally!!!   Not only 1 special edition copy but 2 bahahaha
gots the sniffles ughh.  i need me somee honey &amp; lemon. bestt rememdy 
gots to get ready for the pool 
Gotsa toothache. Bleh. Seinfeld is funny 
Gotsta get my work done so @laurenaked and I can possibly get off work early! 
gotta admit the show gossip girl is addictive SOS! also wonderfalls the show is too  .
gotta answer my lil sis' comment to me  @thOFFICIALtrish how's your day?
gotta be gettin to bed soon. early day tomorrow. 
Gotta be up early to play #drums tomorrow at @VWCAZ ... 1st time in our new building! ... I'm pumped!  ...nite tweeters.
Gotta buy our Oahu tickets for august  cannot wait!
Gotta call my lady and sing to her before she goes to bed.  Myyyy girrrl!    I sing like the Temptations!  be back in a bit
gotta clean my house. what happened to the cleaning mood I had a couple days ago? i need it now! 
GOTTA CLEAN TODAY AND THEN HOPE GOING OUT TO LUNCH 
Gotta do some stuff before I go to the game. &amp; my back's hurting. Morning homie!! 
Gotta do the Overhead at Church today, its my last time. After this I will only be playing bass! 
gotta find some bday gift for madison in jogja 
Gotta finish this game! Go! 
Gotta follow @brittnayvelez because she's like that. 
gotta frickin' re-load my ncis episodes, because my computer shut itself down - but it's okay, i can make me some foooood. 
'Gotta Get Me Home' by Foxy Brown ft. Blackstreet @imeem http://x.imeem.com/4MaNEmNL_n  &lt;---popped up on iPod shuffle! Ahh college... 
Gotta get out of bed ... Must ... Shoot ... Engagement ... Session ... In ... Antwerp. Head = ouch! Body = wrecked. Face = smiling 
Gotta get ready for church.  I sure miss everybody!  Hope to see many of my old and new friends!  
Gotta get ready to leave....Alec and I are going hunting outside of Volterra. This should be fun.  Talk to everyone later.
Gotta get ready to run to post office, to the store, and going to OB appt. with daughter today having another sonogram.... 
Gotta get some sleep. Driving to Miami tomorrow  Yes. Be jealous.
Gotta get to bed...gym, paper-writing, and classes tomorrow! 5 weeks left until I finish my Master's degree!!! 
Gotta get up early and raise some money  PANCAKE BREAKFAST @ William cannon and I-35! Help me out we'll be there 8-10am
Gotta go  really need t go outside and have some fun in the rain! It's really fun! Bye!
Gotta go clean now.    Bai!
Gotta go dancing at 7:00 2nite. In a way i dont wanna go but then my mum would just call me lazy (Well i am so get over it) hehe 
Gotta Go Folks, See ya Tomorrow if I don't get any better offers lol 
Gotta go for a couple of hours guys. Leave messages, love, hugs and licks for me to come back to 
gotta go home can't get on 4 a while see ya ilu jackson Rothbone 
gotta go make an appointment today!  things are gonna be okay, i know it 
Gotta go now.. check in with you all later... 
gotta go out to some pub for tea tonight, glad its bank holiday 
Gotta go to my school and dorm tomorrow. Dorm shopping! 
gotta go to the church  hav a happy n nice sunday every1.. JBU ^.~v
Gotta go tonight. Night, twitter-land! 
gotta go wake up antwon.. she fell asleep on the coutchh... then its off to bed 
Gotta go wash dishes.  I'll be right back. 
GOTTA GO! CHECK OUT MOODY @ MYSPACE/MOODY313 &amp; FACEBOOK YOUNG MOODY AND ME TOO FB=KASHA MANAGES MOODY  XO TWITTERS!
gotta go. bye tweeps. 
Gotta go.. Good night everyone! 
gotta go..need to meet my fellas outside!! 
Gotta jump off for now,do the dinner thing,deal with husbands and kids and blah,blah,blah. Elvis has left the building-temporarily 
gotta jump to the shower now!! after that we're gonna hittin' some malls and find place fer have fun! digg this nite! 
Gotta leave twitter for a while. i have to go do my hair then i get to go buy JB's new cd woohoo  talk to yall later xD &lt;3
Gotta leave twitter for now. Be back prolly when I get back from school! 
Gotta love @johncmayer &amp; @TheEllenShow ... This video always makes me smile  http://bit.ly/SVdfL
Gotta love a short work day before I long holiday weekend! 
Gotta love AVP ! Snuggled up with Craig ! Stunning  it's been a good day and hey ! I'm funky Lol !
Gotta love barnes and noble putting not 1 but 3 books that ive been wanting on the shelves way before they actually come out 
Gotta love Dwight Howard... his shoulders that is! 
Gotta love epic 2 hour bubble baths  Admittedly those 2 hours should of been spent revising, but ohwell.
Gotta love free coffee! 
Gotta love friends who come over for a pre-birthday dinner and bring you pre-birthday champagne. 
Gotta Love Harry Potter icons..
Gotta Love it, I giving all types of hugs 2day! Retweet @iamdiddy TODAY IS #nobitchassnessfriday GIVE A HATER A HUG!!!!! retweet   
Gotta love it... rectumface 151-715-845  http://twitpic.com/6t6sh
gotta love linux. dump hard drive image on different hardware, just runs. 
Gotta love online shopping 
Gotta love OSX' built-in inverse-colors option. It's so calm for my eyes to see all code in light-on-dark 
Gotta love Skype! Get to speak to and see my brother in Spain and my surrogate sister in Great Britain! 
Gotta love spur of the moment trips to Florida with your three best friends 
gotta love the cover of Pro Cycling Manager 2009. The guy in the yellow jersey has Aussie colours on his shorts! 
Gotta Love The Legend That Is Missy Higgins 
gotta love traffic on EDSA on a very stormy evening. NOT! dinner time! 
Gotta love Twitter - one mention of @MetroChicago, and five minutes later they're following me. 
Gotta lunch even it's too late 
Gotta make it one more hour before I get the best sleep ever. Who's House? Run's House. Now on MTV @RevRunWisdom 
Gotta make the best of things 
Gotta move on to Facebook. Gotta go see how my aunt's doing. Goodnight, guys. Love ya! I'll see you all tomorrow. 
Gotta nightmare full of hash dreams... thanx 2 the fitty cent game of pool :S 
Gotta remember those! I'm hungry and need a gallon of water so..See ya later gators! 
Gotta some new books on getting more energy.Physical&amp;mental.Very interesting.Will tweet helpful facts to help increase ur energy soon! 
gotta take a shower, later Twitter! 
Gotta take lunch. I have to see Archie again on Eat Bulaga!  weeee 
Gotta TeraByte  of space to store movies 
gotta think of some ideas to make a nice UI for my next app! (Im gonna make it by myself  yay) who wants to know whats it gonna be??
gotta tidy up the house now. and listen to music 
gotta ya thank you Grover 
Gotten monster her mount and did some nice raid healz, about to ding 74 (yeah slowing down for RL) all is well in wow 
gotten out of class. it was fun lol 
Gotzzz my phone back! 
GOW 3.. I love you #playstation 
G-pa's 2 year anni today. &amp; happy birthday to my lil cousin Sean&amp;my ninang. &amp; happy grad to Sandra! Yayyy 
Gr 5 is making their first collaborative website to share their info from the recent PYP Exhibition. Will publish it soon 
gr8 2 meet @adventuregirl at #140conf - will b cool to get our pups @mrwrigglesworth and @iamneiman twittering 
graaaa... i have dried super glue all over my hands, lol, feeling to lazy to attempt to get if off now. 
graaciiass   ajaj and you're really close to be like rachel mcadams  http://lookbook.nu/look/146613
Grab Your Facebook Vanity URL ......  http://bit.ly/17mwmT
grabbed two shirts from Anchor Blue for Thursday's gig! I still want to get the rising sun one, or the one that says music is my weapon.. 
grabbing 40 winks 
grabbing and uploading pics.. 
grabbing some food 
grabe... sunbuuuuurn.. ( it hurts.. ooh i went surfing.. :&gt; 
Grace Roselyn, if you are reading this, I got your letter, and it brightened up my day. Esp. the Aladin stickers 
GRACELAND Website well underway, should be finished tomorrow or Monday.  You'll be able to read excerpts of the novel there.  Do it! 
Gracias @Brian_Austin for the intros! Love meeting new peeps 
Grad die zweite Season &quot;How I met your Mother&quot; bestellt ... it's gonna be LEGEN ... wait for it ... DARY! 
Grad parties all weekend! 
Grad parties and then Too Much Love 
grad party done! good times with the fam  now...to portland with friends?
grad party for my cousin 
Grad party time 
grad party today! 
grad party tonight! woohoo! hanging with family. 
Grad practice then work. 
Grad rehersal! Woohoo!! Pretty stoked for the real thing 
grad school year one officially over.  now heading for the beach for sun, swimming, and trying to channel fellini   #amarcord #rimini
Grad sunday at my home church!  another opportunity to wear this cap and gown. 5 bucks my parents cry a little...
grad. party, work 12-4, out with seth after...i love summer 
Grades= A, B, B, B+, C+, C+  yay! no more Ds!!!
Grading &quot;Totally ? Radical ? Projects&quot; dude. 
Graduate Today 
Graduate, paper chase, we'll get out of this place. Don't turn around, hit the highway, pour some liquor out for this town 
graduated  and so so so so happy. things couldnt be more perfect.  i want a million days just like today
Graduated from Malvern High School   (Diploma: http://bit.ly/lBCNU
graduated today!  and is a freshman once again..
graduatedd this morninggg 
Graduates today 
graduates tonight!! 
Graduating at 7pm  on June 3rd. Congrats Seniors, We did it !! 
graduating high school today! so excited! 
graduating in a few days. EXCITED! 
graduating this Thursday!!! Also will be at Metrocon for the weekend! 
Graduating today!!!!!!!!! 
graduating tomorrow 
Graduation ceremony. Don't text. 
GRADUATION DANCE WAS AMAZING! im gunna miss my fisher family!!! but tonight was a night to remember... 
Graduation Day for &quot;little&quot; John. 
Graduation here i come 
graduation in the morning    phuhs class of 2009 baby!
Graduation on the 11th 
Graduation party last night went GREAT 
Graduation party today! 
graduation party! 
Graduation party!! Come join at The Woods 
graduation partys with @corrinesag and zacharybby, after din din 
Graduation practice today. Suddenlybita becoming more real. 
Graduation practice went swell.  we are off from school tomorrow !
graduation practice with caitlin and 318 ppl i hate 
graduation practice, then out 
Graduation Rehearsal 
graduation rehearsal, beach, pedicure, lecanto's graduation all with the love of my life  &lt;3
graduation then sober grad tonight! no sleeep 
Graduation time 
Graduation today. 
Graduation today...will be doing some more videos tonight. Will try to upload tonight, if possible 
Graduation tomorrow. than summer! 
graduation was a blast! Alhamdulillah very happy 
Graduation was fun! 
Graduation was gorgeous as always. I love ncces. As if this day couldn't get better, i'm off to get M and Drushka at the airport 
graduation was nice 
Graduation was sooo long, we ended up going anyway. Now I'm just chillin on the computer - p.s. just discovered Windows Live Messenger 
graduation went fabulous! Very happy 
graduation with lauren, then open houses. Text it.  ~wilson~
Graduation! I'm no longer an sjb student 24/7 
Graduation! Sad and happy day. Partaaay later! I can't wait to see them fam 
Graduation, and then I'll be home today! 
graduation. 
Graduation. Boy it feels good. Alumni status acheived. 
graduation/all night party  Yea buddy finally done!
Grammar 101: &quot;your&quot;=possessions. ie. Your car. &quot;You're&quot;=you are. ie. You're pretty. Now learn and distinguish! Don't enflame my pet peeve 
Gran Torino is a great movie 
Grand Indonesia with mom n sisters... 
Grande @DElyMyth ! 
grandfather's house with mom  looking at dresses online.
Grandma's homemade soup! Love you so much 
Grandmas house with dad and heather  pool later .
grandmas telling me about how a bird shat on her yesterday. -- relaxing 
Grandpa found an old film minolta camera with removable lenses 
grandparents are here 
grandparents gave me fifty bucks  i ask why &quot; just because You're our granddaughter&quot;
grandpa's house, swimming in a lil' bit? idkyet, lol 
Granny saw my piercings AHHAAAAHAA! You shouldÂ´ve seen her face ! great just SOOO great.. IÂ´ve had these over 4 months 
Grape Ice CReam!! 
Grape juice is my favorite.      
Graphics was great, Gail didn't turn up woo! Get to go home now 
GrastÄ?vokÄ¼a uzlaboÅ¡anai  Top 5 Reasons PR Matters in a Recession - http://shar.es/38FO
Grateful for free wifi at the airport 
Grateful for ice to keep my drinks cold! And for watching my puppy rolling around like a maniac. LOL! Happy Saturday my friends! 
Grateful for the support of an old ally in digging me out of a hole  I owe someone a drink!
grateful that I have a roof over my head, electricity, television, and running water. just appreciating how lucky I am  
Grateful to have the oppty to taste these @ClosLechance wines. Robin &amp; I MUST visit the winery  #TTL
Gratifyingly warm welcome back from people in the office. It's nice to be missed 
grawrrrrrr. can't wait till April 30th and May 21st  WhoOt! to being young, happy, semi-single and kinda slightly in &lt;3
grease is one of the best movies ever  
grease is the word haha. Goodnight twitter 
Grease is the word!  I'm watching the end of Grease II  (My favorite of the two films)  It's a nice respite from the news of the day.  
Great  @Cyrll ME + wife wearing green armbands in support of #Iranians. People asking why, getting word out. #Iran9 #Iranelection
Great #Twiiter #background - @Farrhad http://twitter.com/Farrhad - love it 
Great @fridaynightboys cd release show tonight! For everyone else, go listen  http://www.purevolume.com/thefridaynightboys
Great @mattbwhite graduation day 
great actor - great interview (german interview of course  ) http://bit.ly/16sW4s
Great advertising  http://tinyurl.com/lz7293
Great advice for new tweeters &quot;You might want to tweet before you follow. http://bit.ly/2Tsri &quot; Yes, yes! 
Great afternoon for my guitar. It sounds so good, I don't know why 
Great afternoon loves! Starting my day off right with a pedicure! 
Great afternoon with my besties  Bowling was funny :p
Great album..lucky to have this on vinyl.  ? http://blip.fm/~5jhtv
Great America in 90 degree weather with the girlfriend was great!  
Great America!!  Angelo is so muscular!
Great Animatics flash tutorial: http://www.randolfdimalanta.com/classroom/tutorials/flash/animatic/index.html  saved my life!! 
Great article i cant wait to get my hands on this EPIC device   http://bit.ly/dI4vJ
Great articles, posts, and e-books abound lately. Am having a lot of fun in the blogging world. 
Great Balls Of Fire has become one of my favorite songs 
great band, great name  http://www.myspace.com/telephoneland
great bbq swimming party on saturday!! Can't wait 4 jaccuzzi day next weekend at andys house!! 
Great bday. 1st bday with out a bf and it wasn't bad, true friends nfamily showed me a good time with their calls time and msgs  thnx
Great bike ride, great dinner today (grilled veggies!). In my pj's  reading Harlan Coben's latest.  
Great bike ride. Air so cold it froze my lungs! All set for the snow tomorrow 
Great birthday today  &lt;3 thanks to everyone!!
Great brunch. Fresh bread from the oven. Scrumbled egg. Fresh orange juice. Nice cup of mocha coffee. I like sunday morning 
Great caching in Winder. Creepy phone message. Dinner with my folks. Busy day to keep me from missing phone calls to much! 
Great catching up with the guys but feels like a Take That reunion: we're all a lot older,fatter and slower than the 'good old days' 
Great chat with a friend. I guess that seals that then 
Great coffee from a fantastic little place in Petworth. Only downside: all the baked temptations on display 
great coffee, great companion 
Great concert at the opera house yesterday evening! Looking forward to some outdoor climbing later! 
Great conversation w @stevej about how twitter is managing to scale. Was like a Tellme ops meeting from 2002  #scalaliftoff
Great cooking class! Amazing brother! Tolerant mother! Laid back father! Loving friends! Today is super!!! 
Great cover  ? http://blip.fm/~5jq9o
Great cover by Placebo  ? http://blip.fm/~79kgm
Great cover! Good song  ? http://blip.fm/~7cdzc
great date  goodnight!
Great Day 
Great day   Just went for a night swim
great day  almost topped yesterday! almost  i have a new appreciation for the beach &lt;3
Great day  But still doing HW  or at least supposed to be :9
Great day at cedar point  sooo sleepy now.
Great day at ECS!  Looking forward to a great night out 
Great day at Flowerfields Park, Portstewart. Picnic, ice-cream, sun &amp; frollics. Now time for Magners Pear Cider  
Great day at MEGA-Orlando. Awesome speaking onstage w/ @markvhansen @oliviabennett @emogirltalk @faithfulfish Follow them if you're not. 
great day at work...big farewell party 4 a co-worker n watched da laker game! can't believe i got paid 2 do dat! 
Great day chilling by the river looking at scollors (?) (canoti) competitions and eating ice cream 
Great day full of favorite things: perfect weather, art supplies and ice cream that looked so good I took a picture with my cell phone. 
great day i love my momma&amp; i spent my dad with my bestie took her to dinner for momma's day &amp; I'm feeling Nice 
Great day in Telford Park (recommended for families with kids). I now have a t-shirt tan! 
Great day in the morning Great day in the after noon Great Day in the evening the whole night thru  BUT That's UR Choice ~ isnt it GREAT!
great day of sport ahead. Pool match then a1gp and rugby! Probably see none of it! 
Great day shopping,now roasting in my garden. YAY!! 
Great day so far. Lovely dinner  Love meine girliefriend. King of Queens now before she's off home and I Halo it up with Pompamoose et. al
Great day thus far. A First on my essay, and out of lecture early. Could get better if my iMac dispatches and next week's RB DLC's good 
great day to shoot a wedding - with my new D700!! 
great day today 
great day today, back pains are coming in!!!, nite twiggas 
great day with Kristen &amp; Lisa... so much fun 
great day with my mom! 
GREAT day!  I'm gettin a lot written &amp;&amp; I'm gettin McDonald's AND Starbucks! &lt;33  Viva La Gloria - Green Day &lt;3
Great day! Love spending time with my big brother 
great day, gnight to my peeps   love yall
great day, had brunch /w friends and then soccer. gonna have pizza now and then we're off to the movies 
Great day. Its gonna be hard to top. Goodnight. 
great day. not normal and that was so good 
great day/night with my gabberss 
great day--boiled seafood, family, and 4-wheelers 
great dayy, greeeeaaatt dayy! 
Great dinner w/ @justinsmith and crew. Memorable moment--when six people tell stories about sleeping for months on their thermarests... 
great dinner with Brian and Michelle! 
Great evening to all of my new followers...I only ask that you interact and be yourself. 
Great first day at the Villager. Can't wait until tomorrow. 
Great follow!  @johnchoi -&gt; bio: Investor Coach, Dad, Golfer, Conservative, Christian, Honorary Jew, Patriot, Unapologetic Capitalist, ...
great friday and saturday.almost summer!!!! 
Great FUEL gathering! Buddy up to Andy Anderson to get in on the Twins dugout seats on Thursday. 
Great game!  Congratulations to Roger Federer... Well deserved!!!  
Great game, West Brom pushed us all the way. Al least we wont go down now with 41 points 
GREAT GAME.  WAY TO GO RED WINGS!!  Only 3 more to Stanley   #RedWings
Great gig today and we just heard we are #Number One on the #Unsigned Chart Show! Thanks for your votes  : http://www.unsignedchart.com/
Great gig with Tina May. Dave Ohm is such a great drummer 
great gym session. used funky machine that is 1/2 eliptical &amp; 1/2 stairs.  plus, finally finished sytycd w/ amy from last week. good day 
Great Hamster Race today @ 11 &amp; Storytimes @ 2 &amp; 245 @ COLDSTONE CREAMERY! 
Great idea @tennischannel but split screen is not optimal... even on my ginormous plasma. But then again, I hate cable news too. 
Great Ideas comes out of little pencils 
Great IRL Race today - Did a blind draw for winners and I drew Helio and won the pot  
great job on the FriendFeed webinar, @GeoffPeterson! thanks so much...looking forward to the next one. 
Great little accessory  Swiss Card Lite from Victorinox, available from webtogs.co.uk - http://bit.ly/jpBhg
Great lunch, great conversation. Great Sunday.  in unrelated news: it's Uniqlo and they use white models for the ads. Sigh.
Great meeting about how to integrate existing social networks into a stand-alone game world,and viceversa.You'll see cool stuff from us 
Great meeting today some great ideas on the table 
great meeting. now otw home, apartment-bintaro 6 mins otw here, gonna set a new rec otw home  gaspolll
Great Monday! I hope for an even better day tomorrow 
Great morning everyone! 
Great morning so far. Sleeping on a table-less kitchen floor is not so bad 
GREAT morning tweeps! Happy Wednesday 
Great Morning Twitter 
Great Morning!  First day of the week, make it count  Have a Great One Everyone!
Great movie night with the hubs, best part it was free in our living room  good night everyone 
great nap, still wish i was sleeping... 
Great news for all boaters in Dubai. The Dubai Marina Yacht Club has reduced their rentals in the marina &amp; now spaces are also available 
Great news! Pop/Rock sensation Sean Murphy is #1 on the Soundclick charts today.  http://bit.ly/jyRgg
Great news, I'm sure there will be more good news soon  ...I &quot;copied&quot; your tonyrobbins contact and now I am following him too
great night  hanging w/ peezy n nez...
great night (lovin' the summer life)...off to a grad party!!  work starts tomorrow =/
GREAT night @JanesHouse with all my favorite peeps and birthday boy. Now waiting on my new favorite boy to get home from work 
Great night at chain reaction.. Props to @LYDIAmusic and @mindywhite  And 21 minutes till I turn 20! Yeahhh
great night hangin out with my family... mom and dad loved the extra company tonight!  can't wait for FRC Pcola Tomorrow
Great night in Mens Group 2night! new members and talking Anger 
great night last night feeling special but not as bad as i thought i would, just contemplating getting lunch for mates .... 
great night last night. Tonight shall be fun aswell 
great night last night... The Hangover was hilarious!!! and everyone loves applebees!!! &lt;3 
great night out for dinner with ash. long wait for the food but worth it 
Great night out, drinks, the legendary Rodriquez in concert, followed by Guitar Hero Metallica at a mates house to end the evening. 
Great night w/ nagith, justin, &amp; jenny ! 
Great night with all my faves  but way too full and tired towards the end. Time to make up for my 4 hrs of sleep in 2 days!
Great night with great people 
great night, not too hungover and its sunny yay!! summer summer summmmmer!! 
great night.  i love playing in the rain 
Great night.  tolo with my lover
Great night. I really think this can work 
Great night. Saw Wolverine again...still as good as it was the first time!  sleeeeepy time
Great night. Sitting outside. Ian (8yrs) is working on his first web project - it's cool too. May create a bit of a following.  more later
Great night... Now hopefully great sleep 
Great now I smell like a fire.  Again.  I need to not have so many fires!  But I loooove S'mores!  And friends. 
Great party at @beccaboo2010's house. Wet and tired, but overall, fantastic 
Great post on one man's journey to being a twitter junky  thanks @Markyphillips
Great Pup therapy visits for the pts at Kaiser.  And Mahalo to Norma for the beautful boquets of flowers for all the pts!! 
Great quote from H. Jackson Brown http://twitzap.com/u/_iI  see it here. 
Great Race today!! Just finished writing it 
great ride caughlin ranch into verdi - too much fun last night made me throw up once. Anyone up for brunch? 
Great ride today...64 miles in less than 4.5 hours 
great ride, bit of weights, cold shower all done. now, for the alcohol! 
Great Saturday coming up 
great saturday...pool time, shopping, dinner &amp; a movie. 
great seeing pete and the rest of the savages yesterday! hope jason and the guys have fun camping and fishing 
Great show last night! D2 rockin' it! Thanks to all that came out! Recording session today, rehearsal with Gorgeous Got A Gun tonight. 
Great show tonight!!! Definitely worth the drive to Wisconsin  @petewentz @falloutboy
Great shower... regular maintenance on my truck now... oil changes are good 
Great site to get free stuff in your free time http://bit.ly/2wAAqR, sign up 
Great song, thanks  @DJLenx â™« http://blip.fm/~7e6tc
Great start to the weekend!! 
Great story about Melbourne beanie &amp; scarf makers http://ow.ly/ayAO Terrific beanies too - never have 2 many beanies 
great stuff. I just got an extra 10% off at Millets.co.uk using 'next10'  code (no quotes)   
Great success got 168 @ palace rig sfaa hunter round only 392 points to go- lots more archery a head 
Great Sunday- watched philly race online, went to church, had sushi w @keridphillips, napped, cleaned, now getting ready for the week. 
Great Sunday: Perfect weather in S.Tx, BBQ, cream corn, Ranchero Beans, spicy Queso and Dos Equis 
great swim and chat with lady who admired my swimming costume 
Great thunderstorm last night. Awesome light show. Working with new perrenials in my back yard right now. Thumb slowly turning green. 
Great time at church this morning. Got to play my acoustic upright. Lots of arco! My technique is definately improving. 
Great time at networking again!  Always a fun time! Now to work on my stuff, what a list!
Great time at Olgas bowling bash. Well getting up in 6.5 hrs woo! Then no sleep for the next 2 days. 
Great time playing Lilac Festival yesterday and thanks to C and K for a GREAT BBQ and good time afterward 
Great time tonight...live long &amp; prosper 
Great time wit Mi Mint, eyes burning and liquid fallin frm them but worth it... 
great time with Nik, Saadia, Shadi, Simone, Aranka, Alessandro, Giovanni, and everyone else at OHMS 6th birthday, thank u all 
great to be back in office after 4 days out of it, ploughing through the work 
Great to have Tim back from FL. We're praying the Lord will use him as our worship leader at Grace Church of Philly. He also needs a job 
Great to see @andygreenhill on twitter  . Head of Wealth Dynamics Institute and one of the nicest creators I know
Great to see Lakers back to final 
Great to see so many of us Hulky green to show our support for the Iranians, seems a sm thing but shows our support  #iran #iranelection
Great to see you following us as well @mazda3rev 
Great tribute to Jay Leno via Billy Crystal 
GREAT WALK! Its so nice out! 
Great way to end spring break: sleepover cupcakes monsters pictures grape tossing youtube never sleeping  ah &lt;3
Great way to start the beginning of the end of senior year 
Great weather and my snowboard is waiting for me outside  I'm off to the slopes.  Have a great day everyone! 
Great weather for a dog show 
Great weather today.  And I put my new jeans into the washing maschine.
Great weather today. Feeling good 
Great weather, great location, great book = great day!   http://twitpic.com/4ej1t
Great website for Icon Search...http://www.iconfinder.net/  Thanks to twitter 
Great wedding today! Congrats to Lindsey + Travis.  Gearing up for tomorrow's 
Great week at Rejuvenate, our new brochures and flyers should be done early next week. Let me know if you want some 
great weekend  and back to reality of class and work come monday morning grr
great weekend + bachelorette = no monday blues 
Great weekend brilliant weather got stonkingly drunk last night. Goooood stuff 
Great weekend of surf and sun - Every weekend should be like that!  got the new board too - Hobie PSD - very pleased 
great weekend with the bffs. freelancing. clean room. doc project coming along (=graduation). national championship. life is good  twoosh!
great weekend. karaoke awesomeness and motorcycle lessons  Excellent (said in the Mortal Kombat voice btw) Thankfully, no fatalities 
great weekend. loooooots of beer though, but who said that was a bad thing? 
Great Woods is a sweet venue....lotta beer stands inside  Chilling on the lawn w/ my buds waiting for Phish to go on...be happy people!
Great words. R/T @babygirlparis Life is short. Be a good person, believe in yourself, and all your dreams can come true 
great work. great breakfast with megan. now off to hang with matt. have a lovely rainy day 
Great working with you once again, honestly -- you realize it especially when you work with people that are not so good to work with. 
Great workout this morning!! Off to church then going to enjoy this beautiful day outside 
Great workout today! 2.1 miles  yay me... Now lunch before heading to the pool...can't wait for the LAKE SHOW TONIGHT!
Great workout, no girls' night. Personal Bible study instead 
Great workout.. Wandering but not lost 
Great workout; not a great race for me, finished 10-12th. Many little things went wrong - but I'm in one piece and hungry for more 
great! @Neuroptera one more for you http://rivengodwind.amplify.com/.  ok, won't send any more...you're on your own   @rivengodwind.
great! move up by 1  79. blogmarks.net
great! move up by 1  91. johnchow-cow.com
great! move up by 3  97. top10optimizer.com
Great! Thank you! 
great! there's the dictionary! 
Great!! Finally sofia sleeps in her own bed room   {inspired by nanny911 }
Great!!! 
great, DLed a &quot;leaked&quot; google wave and ended up with a backdoor trojan. 
Great, social network sites are still growing 
Great. Now whoever comes into contact with me today is gonna look like they just got molested by Tinkerbell 
great.... wish someone told me i was going swimming- guess i can't have dinner 
great....now comes the fun part of this little list...the html coding so people can follow you 
Greater Grads kick-off this morning! Pretty exciting!  #fb
Greatest 13th wedding anniversary night tonight.  (2) NHL playoff games to watch with my wife.  How romantic 
Greatest grilled chicken salad of my day 
Greatest love story told - Oliver James &amp;&amp; Still - Frankie J  Read the lyrics too.  Thanks jenin, love you. :*
Great--now we are both losing it!  
GREATTT.. 46 unread messages in my SpamBox. Yay... Not.  I got 6 messages from people who support me and my music! 
GREATTTTT NIGHT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOIN TO BED NOW GOODNIGHTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Greece is on vh1!!!!! 
greeeat weekend! hanging out w the fam &amp; then laker game 
Greeeeeeat day!!! Snuffers cheddar fries, shopping with my mom and her twin, dinner at joes, and a boy is coming to visit for 4th of july 
greek season two, i love this show. 
Greek, GG, and OTH today all were great 
Green &amp; Black's Organic Chocolate is DEVINE! Making Tea Break Super Magical 
GREEN DAY HOODIE YAYS!!!! I &lt;3 my aunt!! 
GREEN DAY IS PERFORMING ON SNL NEXT WEEK!  sorry, that made me happy and i'm still all ditzy from the Justin Timberlake skits 
green day up! 
Green Day week on Q and Hitchcock week on Sky Movies. 
green day!! 
green day's new album '21st century breakdown' comes out tomorrow in aus!  i must buy!
green day's on the radio  ilovebasketcase DD
Green Eyes - Coldplay 
Green fingernails and green toes 
green lantern  http://twitpic.com/6j7ma
Green P's tomorrow  Hooray!
Green tea to energise! 
Green VW Golf will be mine, all mine!  Picking it up this Wednesday. 
Greenday then and now lol my Mum called me a greenie yesterday - pc subtlety! nice Mum 
GreenDay: my boyssss!  comin back with a punch.
Greenday's CD comes out friday, Im stocked!!! Who else is? 
Greenday's probably the best punk band  their songs make so much sense
greenfield festival fckin rocked hell!! slipknot, disturbed, staind, guano apes, nightwish and 90% of three days sunshine 
greensboro grasshoppers baseball tonight. the downtown stadium is so beautiful. did you know they are affiliated with the marlins? 
Greeting duty at church....fun 
greeting everyone around 
greetings 
Greetings @EmmoLei I'm currently working on an event that will debut in July God willing 
Greetings ex-work mates 
Greetings folks. Had a headache yesterday so could jump on Twitter. Hope you're all well 
Greetings from another amazing West Cork morning 
greetings from cape cod   wish you were here!
Greetings from Cracow 
greetings from one of the macs in the apple store 
Greetings from the piano bench  (photo) http://twitpic.com/6oe8i
Greetings Mr.Parsons 
greetings to all new porn-BOT-followers 
Greetings to all workshop attendees new to Twitter - I'm looking forward to meeting you in person next week. 
Greetings Twitterverse, Starboy_ Is no more.. my new username is &quot;angelicbiscuit&quot; wahoo 
greets everyone a good morning!  http://plurk.com/p/yq2zv
greets to vika....only 1 day school and then 12 weeks holidays  the best what could happened...the sun is shining
Greg back in the top 10. This is why I love Nascar. 
Greg just got done nighttime swimming. I played catch with him using a splash bomb. We had lots of laughs, and I got pretty wet. G'night. 
Greg told me I'm pretty in pink today 
Gremlin is asleep after a particularly challenging bedtime. I think it's safe 4 me to go to bed -what a crazy Sat night for me! 
Grey Gardens starts tomorrow!!!  @buckhollywood I hope there's a hilarious review!
Greyhound only play-date this Saturday. Can't wait!!! Roooooooo!!  Wonderful rain &amp; cool temps through Saturday. I can live with that. 
GREY'S  my day just completed.
grey's anatomy 
grey's anatomy season 5 finale is awesome! what a great show, i'm thankful i didn't gave up on this! 
grey's anatomy time!! 
grilled cheese with tomato and celery with peanut butter 
Grilled chicken be turkey burgers!  with friends
grillen with the fam... SO HAPPY  one one person missing... YOU!!! (stop by if your close by )
Grilling at Kara's. Then home to work on the seed project for a bit. And yes 'seed project' is a code name 
Grilling burgers, making macaroni salad and beers with friends later on this gorgeous day   
Grilling Kal-bi at 7:30 in the morning!! yuuup...people over for early lunch 
Grilling tasty meat &amp; veggies &amp; prepping to watch a Rifftrax!  What 2 watch?  The Matrix? Reefer Madness? Casablanca?  
Grill'n then maybe fishing. Definitely beer though. Light ur my phone for an enjoyable evening. 
Grin and wear it!! 
Grindhouse to 26 mile. Playing @ north campus w/@vspeelman 
grinding at the metro.. wild swings bu leveled at ok  thanks God...
Grinding grinding grinding!  Man I feel like them jamaicans from in living color! 
GRINGO STAR tonight. Southern garage.  http://www.facebook.com/inbox/?ref=mb#/event.php?eid=80320708536
grml.. I have to go to high school.. but only for two days 
grocery 
Grocery shopping on Sunday morning = free samples 
grocery shopping with angie and scottie 
Grocery shopping. THE cook  Mmm Spaghetti sounds good. Downloaded tons of new ish. I LOVE HIPHOP
grocery store, then gym hardcore, shower, then spending all sunny day up on the roof / in the pool     I'll see YOU at Happy Hour. #fb
grocery time. then back to editing prom pictures. 
grooming up a bit at the salon before i pull an all-nighter later today.. gotta look pretty for my video con meeting of course 
Grooveshark is back up in my area! 
gross headacheeee. out for michaela's birthday soon 
GROSSSSS!! im soo sweaty! but that was deffinatly the best work out ive had in a looonnngggg time. 
Grotfang: That is true. BM runs have nothing to do with ascension number, or Mr Store items 
Grounded since May 1st !!!! and im stioll grounded !!!  im not suppost to be on the computer. But i am  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!
Grounded. :/ I hope @kirbywhitehead is having fun at Disney.  Eeyore is doing fine btw. 
'GROUNDERS' is officially my favourite playground game!  &lt;3
Groundhog Day is an awesome movie.  I would definitely recommend it.
Groundshog Day is an awesome movie.  I would definitely recommend it.
group chat with asyraf and mujiiib! awesome! now, im not that bored! 
Group hug at The Lodge. Live long and prosper!! Hahaha!!! 
Grow baby grow. Maybe try downing some fertilizer 
growing a pimple on my nose, it's a hurty one, but the hurty ones always have the best puss come outt 
Growing my businedd with about 100 leads a day  you can learn too at http://MLMWorksGreat.com
Grr Throat soar. Voice getting lost. Because lost is lost. But I hope my voice doesn't get lost while getting lost. Trippy 
grr, i cant stop listening to it, its so cute 
Grrr Back in Rochester lol...off to the next location in just a few days!!  Getting Ready For work now ....Smokin JOESSSS 
Grrr! Tonight is Date Night!  Yay!
Grrr.. watch us now on iChat .. 
Grrr... Skewl 2 days left yay suhmmer  oh!emgee! I want/could be getting a new phone .. Hay Monday! Grrr. Can't wait to get home!
grrrrr...i didnt get to go...maybe friday 
grrrrrrrrr still havent had dinner )=  ... so kewl seeing wat clebs do  ...
grubs up  so nice being cooked for, I feel like a princess every time
G-Shock Watchez R C()ol!!! 
gt with @ashleypasko exploring today  we have such a boring town.
GTG .gonna take a bath ^^ 
gtg to beanbag AGAIN. my chicas are there. haha. HEY! Catch me tomorrow 12-3pm on OK FM. 
GtG!  see yah later! 
gtg,, byee... take care always David! God bless! 
gtg. G'night tweeters.  @batongbitwin. need to sleep. next time na lang ulit. haha. )
gtg.will tweet again tomorrow if i could 
Gtn off wrk in 15 mins 
Guard duty done. (Yawn) Off to bed 
GUCCi MANE DOiN THAT SHiT....GOTTA LOVE HiM ~ JUST DON'T LOOK AT HiM! 
gud am.. its saturday.. its movie day! gonna watch terminator tonight.. alone.. 
Gud Evening twitterers!  how's ur day?
Gud morning everybody.... 
Gud morning fellow twitterz 
Gud morning world - so excited about today, lots of sport to watch, french open, Lions tour, Wales play!! yay 
Gud morning!! Im off to antipolo for today 
Gud morning, peeps!!!!  To all who missed me: I'M BAAAACCCCCKKKKKKKKKK......... LOL!!
gud mownin  http://plurk.com/p/yqrpb
Gud nite all...will catch you all again tomorrow 
gud nite?  if i don't say I'm back in a few then yea gud nite 
gud pm twitter world   
Gudevening/goodmorning twitter people. 
Gudluck to @Sickamore @richhil !! 
gudMrn,GudAftNun,GudEve...AIO... 
gudmrng  it's Monday again.
Guess I better get busy! Orders to ship, kids to teach, lunch to eat  Blessings!
guess i gotta pull another ALL NiGHTER!._it's nothing 
guess i had to install safari 4 to install the java update, bed time, but i did finally get a boss kill in EQ2 full night 
Guess I should go revise then... but do my makeup first 
Guess I was too late  #sigjeans
Guess I will have to leave my vast audience behind and attempt to traverse the rain on my journey to work. May twitted at breah 
Guess I'd better hit it. It's a whole two minute drive to the courthouse. Don't want to be late! 
guess ill be callin it an early nite... sweet dreams out there 
guess I'll start getting some of my camping and fishing stuff together for Wed &amp; Thurs trip to Braunig Lake...... 
guess i'm gonna go get ready now. be on later  hopefully i'll feel better....xx
guess im off to bed, listing to &quot;kings of leon&quot; just one more time. work in the am 
Guess itÂ´s about 20 degrees  Last week reminded more like autumn though... hope it will last through midsommer 
Guess its never enough. Goodnight everyone  have a fun Monday!
Guess u can say I'm grindin 
guess whaaaaaaat! 
Guess whaaaat? I actually finished cleaning my room 
guess what graduation is on sunday woot woot 
Guess what guys? Tomorrow is my license test 
Guess what happened to the kid that said, &quot;That's bulls#$!&quot; to a call that I made on him? He earned a technical foul!!! Sweet! 
guess what im doing. watching bof! woohoooo 
Guess what I'm doing? If you said laundry, wrong! I'm 'cleaning' my new washer. It has a freaking cleaning cycle. 
Guess what my dad's wearing... An &quot;hecho in Mexico&quot; shirt!!  his coworker got it for him heehee
Guess what my son picked for our dinner? Vietnamese beef noodle soup! One of my favorite foods back in graduate school &amp; still is. 
guess what, my @wannadevelop twitter profile is more popular than @iamdiddy according to @google --- hahaha... sorry, diddy! #iamking 
Guess what........I just had my life turning in an minute, then it did it again, again, and again, nifty how the earth rotates isn't! 
Guess what? @BorderGrill officially launched their truck this weekend. I've been brought on to &quot;boss lady&quot; the truck! Keep an eye out! 
Guess what's lol...It's JUNE only 16more days now  whopp whopp lol...
guess what's the purpose of FLAG_IGNORE_CHEEK_PRESSES ! 
guess what's up? i'm grabbing my seat for UP 
Guess where I'm at? Ill give 1 1/2 guesses  http://short.to/9bkh
guess which ice cream is mine   http://twitpic.com/6rryr
guess who bought liverpool tics. me! 
guess who gets a weekend away from being a motherrr.....MEEEEE 
Guess who got a comment from Honor Society? 
guess who has a swollen neck/shoulder again?? hmmmm must have been from carrying those bags. oh well, glad grndpas stuff got new homes! 
Guess who has unlimited texting now!? ME!!!  I can now tell people to text me without worrying about running low on texts!
Guess who has unlimited texting now?! ME!!!  Now I can tell people this popular phrase 'text me'!
Guess who just posted on Universal Causality? ME!  http://universalcausality.wordpress.com/2009/04/07/thoughts-in-the-mens-room/
Guess who ran 8 miles today 
Guess who won best YQL Execute hack at #openhacklondon 
guess who won the GK theme song contest?!  go here: http://www.myspace.com/thebaystate
Guess whoï¿½s gonna spend the whole day in Ottawa... oh yes 
Guess who's awake?!?! -_-, my sleep pattern sucks..but I guess it's worth it 
GUESS WHO'S HOME FROM CAMP! 
Guess who's pretty much moving back to kennesaw today? 
Guess who's the proud owner of a brand new iPhone?   I can't stop smiling right now
Guess you should follow up with that &quot;nasty&quot; Martingale!   http://tinyurl.com/pfy6n6 treasure spot detecting relic
Guest trumpeter, now a guest bird... This opening band gets quirkier and quirkier! Cute, sunshine-y music though 
Guhantara trip was a success... the S7 family got together 
guilty pleasure - yikes  i wish i could afford this shiz http://tinyurl.com/kqztg5
guilty pleasure is going to be awesome  10 more days :o erase and rewind sends chills down my back lmao
guilty pleasure time...tea and dunking bikkies 
GUILTY PLEASURE. Singing to regina on the drive home and blasting it so loud I can barely hear myself. 
GuiPulp is open 
Guitar hero 5 features songs from not only the white stripes - but also the raconteurs!! Oh how lovely 
guitar hero sucks balls. im sticken with my rockband 
Guitar hero with Marissa and Terry 
Guitar Hero: Metallica rocks! As you would expect. 
GUITARS! MCFLY! WHEYYY! 
Gulps cuppa after lightning shower, slice of toast, chat with Nan,sharing smiles at window gaze with Sweet Child, Axl Rose &amp; making notes 
Gummy bears give you alot of energy, a stomach ache, a good grade on a paper, and a good time. You just got to LOVE them! 
guna go to olivers house 
gunna be good tomorrow!(L) filming video for competition with laura and buying paranoid single cd! eeeep 
gunna boost my dvd collection and buy a big fook off TV next week me thinks 
gunna get sims3 today nikka  or perhaps a starwars game...hmmm to buy or not to buy that is the question
Gunna have a cheeky couple of beers before chilling infront of the box.....oh, and Dr Alice is on tonight 
gunna hit the hay, goodnight interwebz! 
gunna read eclipse then sleep! babyboy is taking me out for lunch tmrw before work  teehee! goodnight tworld!
gunna see *night at the museum 2* yaay. im still happy cuz i got ma new phone!! 
Gun's &amp; Roses - &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot; (Music Video) GOOD MORNING BACK ATCHA and thx for props/rbs  rb@GabiRap... â™« http://blip.fm/~7hhow
Guns 'N Roses should NOT have a string section. What would 1988 Axl Rose say?! 
gus macker bball tournament downtown morris today....goin to watch my friends kick some bootay!! 
Gushers are good!!!! NomNomNom!!! 
gute nacht meine sÃ¼ÃŸen(: GOOD NIGHT GUYS! ITS BED TIME IN GERMANY 
Guten Morgen  com alegria
Guten Morgen ins Twitterversum! 
guten morgen tweetwelt 
Guten Morgen Twitter 
Guten Morgen Twitterland                         Happy Birthday Dad                                                I love you 
Guten Morgen/ Good Morning/ 
Gutted got to go to work in a min gonna missT20 some hunky Dutch players there haha. Please keep me updated 
gutted the arsenal didn't win well done to Chelsea just make sure you win now lol 
guttered, i wa watching um on youtube other day aha. And i duno yet, i will search ont tinternet and find one i like aha.  ..
Guuud mornin twitterrs  howz yu all doin 2day?! Its hottt outside (4 once) AND its saturday 
Guuys check out quizilla  youu gotta check out me XD type Charliie09 .. Thankiiies
guy @ ihop looks like rob thomas. ahahahaha. fun night 
Guy at the Kurrajong front desk may have mistaken @NathanaelB for one of the local junkies: regardless, was rude to him. Awesome 
Guy in car behind me is sleeping. No worries, I'm in the parking lot 
Guy named jacob sits in front of me 
Guy Sebastian -  Love This Song  Title Track off the Closer To The Sun Album ? http://blip.fm/~4kov6
guy working at a surf store gave me a thumbs up for my Gambit shirt, sweet! 
GUYS - what r u up 2? 
Guys @BrooklynBandit thinks I'm flyyyy!!!! 
Guys and Gals, we are proud to announce that version 1.0 of iOctocat is available on the App Store - go get it!  #GitHub #iPhone
guys are more romantic than girls....end of story 
Guys did you know that RIP actually means Rise If Possible..... 
Guys do it downtown @smosh in Sacramento 
Guys I have a sunburn!!! IT'S OFFICIALLY SUMMER! 
guys i will talk to u 2morrow  have fun hehe ,,i missed u ,u know what lol
Guys if we get it to 98% Emma will sing live on Radio Calidornia on Sunday 
guys n gals use the hashtag #notwitterspam -- get enough people to use the hashtag so it becomes a topic. 
Guys night out with some fellow NNC'ers. 
Guys pls don't read this  lol
guys really suck!! i love u alexa 
guys VOTE for @mileycyrus NOW for mtv movie plz 
Guy's whistling some song from Natural Born Killers.Bob Dylan.must find it on Rhapsody.  He's also whistinling tango from an Arnie movie. 
Guys will never be worth my time.  bedtime. :p
guys! david archuleta is going up... he's on the top 9 as Mr. Twitter Universe!!! keep on voiting guys till he goes to the TOP 5. 
Guys! Great way to earn free prizes. i got over $100 right now he he.          http://tinyurl.com/cv8u9t
Guys!!! 4 more tweets and I'm on 650 (Y) That's 50 tweets in one day 
Guys, checkout ABC's #Wipeout! It's totally FUN! The BEST summer show!  [&quot;I survived Japanese Game Show&quot; is fun too but it's last year's]
Guys, follow @ginoboi for the RX Twitterwar!!!! DD GO GINOOOO!!! 
GUys, heard about any money saving tips that you want to share?  Feel free to tweet them my way!  
Guys, i need your comments. To those who havent seen the L'yout, http://janatabuzo.multiply.com I'llLoveYouMoreIfYouComment 
Guys, keep requesting Solaris on the radio! it's very important you do. 
Guys, planning a wedding is hard! At least...that what I gather from talking to Abby. 
Guys, please do upload the pics and presentations once #bck5 is done, please do share the links via the group  Keep rocking!
Guys, tweet a Twitter newbie @Ax_Baller &amp; tell him how nice I am!  Follow him too! He'll return to Twitter after the wkend. I made him mad
guys, who do you think was the best guestmix? I say Schossow  along with Airbase, and Bolier, and W&amp;W  #asot400
Guys, you should check out the awesomeness of Chuck if you haven't already.  #ChuckMeMondays
GUYS.. I'll go out now.. see ya.. it's just 30 minuts.. 
Guys...Tomorrow at 2pm four street team leaders will be going to see JB 3D at the Printworks Odeon in Manchester. Come if you can  VLOG
Guyys I feel the need, I wanna get to 700 followers..who wants to help?  lol
GW &lt;3 AR... SK &lt;3 EH. Oh what a night!!!! 
Gwen Stefani's kids are addorable!!! They where there and watching from the side  There mom is fucking amazing.
Gwen....is...hot  very impressed with the no doubt stage and performance tho for real! This is an awesome show!
gwenyth parltrow is so pretty! and she drinks beer haha that's awesome  p.s I'm almost 100% sure I spelt her name wrong! sorrrrryy haha
GWHAHAHAHA!!! Alisa is here... 
gws my brader 
Gym here i come! 
Gym homework. Then (maybe shower), then bed. Zzzzzzzzz 
Gym in the morning  Time to get my booty in shape!
gym manana then work @ the LAB... come get drinkss then off to firefly for dinner  I LOVE SUMMER!
Gym then back to cyrus' house 
Gym then hot box sauna. Yay for a in evening!  
GYM time baybay. 
Gym time for me 
Gym time!   hope yall are out there being safe yo!
Gym time. Then Chinese food and a movie 
gym time...gonna get my work out on..lol 
gym today and ordering my new giant yukon from cycle word  very happy
gym tomorrow....MIGHT have julia and or alyssa over  xxx
gym wasn't too bad. spending money to wake up in pain makes me sad, but i have a feeling it will be worth it 
gym, going to the restaurant to see whats up and then gina is coming over tn  seems like a good day to me..i love having off haha
gym, then going to the red wings game with the fam!  call/text. 
Gym. Church. Family Time!!!  No shopping today. Day off!
Gyu- kaku plus pedicure with mom. Good way to de-stress 
h @mrallenakaneo  that's true @MarioSoulTruth  has mad talent   and that's why i'm such a big fan ..his voice moves me 
h finals. GAHH! What a awesome weekend! The grove was sooo great tonight! Met a lot of new people  Ill put pics of lataaaa. Im tired! Nigh
H.E exam today :-/.....watching jls holiday takeover before i go 
H?a lï¿½m gï¿½ ?? giï¿½ xï¿½ ?i.. h?a lï¿½m gï¿½ khi anh ch?ng v?.. h?a lï¿½m gï¿½ cho em ??i c?.. h?a lï¿½m gï¿½ anh h?iii 
H1N1, now asociated with pigs ? I believe you NWO, I really do 
'H2O' is actually an awesome show!  Its not boring, at all. You just have to watch the 1st episode to actually understand.
Ha  i love that sandwich line. Ha
Ha ash, daddy said he doesn't think that'll last long.    ---&gt;Miss Hollywood&lt;---
ha grrr work today!! Going to Daphne tonight 
ha ha - someone searched for hairy gay f*cker and ended up at a post about Tommy Tiernan on the late late show 
Ha ha ;D now i Have 1001 followers thank you all guys !  I appriciate that ! 
Ha ha Aero..I've been thinking about that myself lately.. !! 
Ha Ha Found you, rofpmsl. lmao  how sad. lol
Ha ha ha!! The Nightmare on Elm street is hillarious!! 
Ha ha im poor. recyceling beer cans to by a few ciggarets.. butt im not wining i keep smiling  becus im not like you!
Ha ha! IMAX tickets booked - for June. Blimey that place books up quickly! However, on holiday then anyway, so no worries there. 
Ha ha. Just found a video of one of my friends when she was hypnotized at a fair in 2005.  I love it. lol.
Ha ha. Sorry. I just had to say it. You guys do fight like your married after all. 
Ha ha... That was supposed to go to Chacha. Not Twitter. I need to go to bed. 
Ha i knew they were up to something. &lt;3 fun times 
ha i love you demz  i can't wait until we hang out =]
Ha i really love being able to update twitter from my phone  i just wish i could read ppl's updates and replies aswell though
ha im on Mr.z good side  so he loves meee like a sister
ha im such a genius this morning. i read #mikeywayness istead of #myweakness in the trending topics 
HA no mcflies on the way! yupieee! 
Ha time to get some more coffee - Greenbaum isn't on Twitter....but everything else in my last tweet stands for now. 
Ha!  I forgot Cali has last call.  I'm so spoiled in Vegas 
HA!  Oh yeah!  Jus remembered my chicken ceasar salad from Quaker Steak &amp; Lube in the fridge from las night   I shall hunger NO MORE!!
Ha!  The signature villain of CoH is an Austrian.  No wonder @visceran likes the game 
HA! 1st one to do the Cursebird shiiiiiiit 
ha! done with the pictures  owl collection!
Ha! Finished the final chapter at last. A bit more editing and we may be able to hand the book over to the publisher 
Ha! Good on new orleans saints for searching mentions of the saints. Theyre now following me but I think they got the wrong saints!  
HA! I did it. Awesome. I'm gonna use that when in Europe. 
HA! I got 5 hours till the game. Plenty of time to get ready. No rushing, no worries. Nice... 
ha! i love this weather... happy summer everyone!  -drummer boi
ha! it worked! the rain stopped 
ha! just found a contact page plugin for @swgapolitics. One less thing I have to custom build! 
Ha! Takes one to know one, I guess.  @nkstav Yes, it's true, Greeks can get pretty vocal about things when they're &quot;in the spirit&quot;. LOL
Ha! Totally fooled that cop 
HA! Valve caved. They reinstated achievement-based unlocks. 
Ha! Wireless from main house reaches all the way out to the guest house  here at Edisto.  I can surf the net while relaxing!  #SquareSpace
Ha!! Defeated it!!! It didn't guess Mat Dallas. In your face!!!! 
Ha!! Finished my semester at last!! Het internet world, Im back again now!! 
Ha, emily wants to have a water fight at her house! 
Ha, I love this song. Makes me think of my friends.  reblip of @benyasbabe ? http://blip.fm/~69jvy
Ha, its located in Caramel, Indiana 
ha, mcflys in the trending topics 
ha, such an ironic day. God is so funny. Think I just found that lining 
Ha, the TV ad was right. The new fries is huge! 
Ha, wanna hit up b-ville next friday??? Imma be home thursday we should go to big sams thursday night 
Ha, yes I am... and very excited bout it! 
Ha. God, I'm sorry I just love it for what it is. Grew up with it  â™« http://blip.fm/~7e14l
Ha. I got 9 twitters this morning....  Life Is Like A Coaster. Enjoy It B4 It Ends 
ha. the lawyer on TrueBlood... his name is Mr.Lancaster. 
Ha. This http://blip.fm/~4kpbe (via @addthis) reminds me of those &quot;songs&quot; the muttons always do. FUNNNNN. 
HA. Totally posting an update at 2am.Its lightning outside, pretty. 
Ha... bye bye grey hair!... Im sorry but the tender of of 34 lol is way too young to go grey........!!!!!.... hair dye rocks  lol
HÃ?  1Âº POST NO TWITTER   HOJE FUI NO BALLON WATER MAIS FUI SÃ“ NO 1Âº ROUND, FOI UMA DROGA --'
haa @dink9966 Loved that presser w Datz saying &quot;drinking beer&quot; Helps he's like such a cutiepatootie, too! (obviously just my opinion) 
haa @Jeremy_Sandy Yes, big bucks to be made in HummerLimoService!! 
haa cashcash party in yout bedroom video.. Alex = AWWWW!  must have their albummmmm &gt;.&lt;
HAAAA GOT IT. I named him AJ 
HAAAA&lt;3  i was shopping today and bought nothing and now im off to elinas!
haaaaaaaaaaaaaa in 5 more days school is over!!! YAAAAYY!!  and right after the holidaty it the best day ever- MY B-DAY 
Haaaaaapy birthday to me 
haaay. im only with crazy friends, and we didnt have sleep ^^ so we are all veery crazy  kiss kiss
haah mommie is designing me some Pleather studded cuffs n tuxedo 4 the big day..Pleather so no innocents have 2 give up their coats 
haaha my mom just made browniessss 
haaha...on a much happier note; Happy Saturday everyoneee  Its a beautiful day!!!
haahah finishing porn for  @KatyyandSam you belong with me out soon almost done 
haappppyy  becaus i get everything i want :'D
haas had BBQ in this lovely weather  x
Habbo Online.  may account ako. ' jennyvin' add niyo hah! ^^
Hacienda chips and Salsa.. 
had  a fantastic day todayy   i love my friendss 
had  a uber cool lunch... thanks to sis pics will posted soon... 
Had 2 bio exams today ... NEVER AGAIN!!! On the bright side only one chemistry left on wednesday 
Had 2 skip the coffee argh. On the other hand I put no effort into getting ready today and I think I'm quite presentable.  good day today?
Had a awesome day!!  #savesamantha
had a bad day thanks to some pervs on the road but I'm all better now 
Had a bad night.....but joy comes in the morning!  Enjoying a very relaxing day!  Hope all you IBDweeps are well!
had a ball last night at the libra, can't wait to go next week when my @rich_kids perform wit @grandhustledro 
Had a bass lesson today  gonna learn a reign of kindo song too!
had a bath ,got a fab lollie , listening to friday night life really doesnt get much better 
Had a BBQ in the lovely weather 
Had a beautiful day at the beach, soon going to the pool 
had a beautiful weekend tbh, Im going to work my ass off to get the grades and to achieve me secret goal, not telling it is its a secret  
had a better day today. i hope @JesseMcCartney has a great night. I love you and all my friends as well. 
Had a Blast @Basiashow  thanx to the whole Trini team for making our stay here soo sweet  @tamichynn lets go home 
had a blast at coldplay with mara and eliza...love them!! we took approx. 80 pics, all of which are going on facebook 
had a blast at the beach with dylan tonight  i know hes only three and i shouldnt be keeping him up till 9:30 but it was such a nice night
HAD A BLAST AT THE BILETNIKOFF CHARITY GOLF TOURNEY.. MET MANY RAIDER LEGENDS... MY FAV OF ALL TIME BO JACKSON  
Had a blast at the Fallstar show last night! Got handed a flyer for my own show, gotta love it 
Had a blast in frisco ...flying to miami next..then back to napa ..love my life 
Had a blast in MD...got my thought train on 
Had a blast last night at the Birthday Party now getting ready for Sundays @ Muschi!!! 
Had a blast last night. Luv Kinda luv that giggle fit we had at the end. Kinda wish that night would last forever 
had a blast last nite!!! ready for the beach 
Had a BLAST mountain biking in Aliso today! but next time I better take my phone so my wife won't worry! Oops sorry 
had a blast today with marina and mr. wilson!  never knew colorado like THAT.
had a blast today with Wendy and Brent! I'm EXHAUSTED! Off to Arkansas for mission trip tomorrow! 
had a blast tonight at Phish... but that shouldn't come as a big surprise  just gonna vegggg out
had a blast tonight! 
Had a blast with Panda and his family  Coffee Donuts at krispy kreme, Dinner at Abe, Hangout at Fat and Cristina's
had a blessed weekend!  http://plurk.com/p/sy3hh
Had a brill night at embassy last night 
Had a brilliant day yesterday with Willem, Nick, Elmi and Zoï¿½. Braai and the &quot;corn cake&quot; were delicious  Stay tuned for the pictures...
had a brilliant time at the auto test yesterday  but i came 9th out of 10!! haha im nt very good at driving fast!!
had a busy day 2day, but she made bank! 
Had a busy day today.  I'm tired. Goodnight tweeters 
Had a busy morning and a lazy afternoon. Great day off 
had a busy morning, relaxing then cody&amp;pat's grad party! 
Had a Cardinal come sit on my sill and sing to me this morning! It's a love affair I don't mind keeping! 
Had a chance to visit Missouri between busy schedules.... GPS misled and finally reached Holiday Inn 
had a complete blast today at six flags 
Had a cool talk with Woody the roadie who has been hangin out and helping us out, he set up for viva la vida tour. 
had a cracking night last night, don't think i've ever laughed so much  nice, lazy day today woop!
Had a crazy night... Dont know if i wanna do that again...the last part of the night was good though 
HAd a cup of green taa, I feel refreshed to work 
had a date that wasn't a nightmare! 
Had a day in Windsor yesterday. Went up a street by the name of Frances Road. Wow, I have a street named after me. 
Had a day to digest all the information and views from #altdotnetinthenorth , glad my impromptu #azure session went down well 
Had a dream I saw Take that last night...Hoping Saturday night beats it!! 
had a dream where i was the new character in TAITV. and i got kidnapped like @siskybusiness...good dream 
Had a drink called &quot;Fox Poison&quot;, met Riley, have three people sleeping at the apartment now, two passed out!  The night is win! Morning?
had a fab day on the Tornado train to Minehead and back, eating fish-and-chips and playing I-Spy. Perfick! 
Had a fab day, picnic at the wetlands, takin my son campin tonight 
had a fab lunch 
had a fab rehearsal with @DanLesmeister @bumble_bella @redkoala @Ci_Ci01 and @sunhazz77 ... and i suppose @jeff1961c was ok as well 
had a fabulous date with my lady tonight 
had a fabulous night out at a friend's house. 
had a fabulous night with Collin, Taylor, David, Tony, &amp; Nick.. esp when the power went out!! so much fun 
had a fabulous shopping day with mammy 
had a fabulous wedding weekend for @jjonez and @natewoo. Now, if I can just wake up I'll be doing great 
had a fabulous weekend 
Had a fabulous weekend, weather has been glorious, got soaked sailing, BBQ's, more BBQ's to come, chilling in the sun, just all so good! 
had a fabulous workout today  gotta get that body right for the summer ;) haha
Had a fantabulous day  thanks to everyone for coming &amp; don't worry, I'll do the dishes...after a nap!
had a fantastic afternoon. 
Had a fantastic day. Feeling so settled in our new house. Now enjoying time with fam after the best dinner ever 
had a fantastic day/night with her love...thrift store shopping, mall, starbucks, board games, nice convos, pizza, and cinnamon rolls! 
had a fantastic dinner with the bf at bonefish tonight 
had a fantastic night  I hope I get to see him again today!
Had a fantastic night, need more sleep 
had a fantastic time (as to be expected) hanging with @jmfluellen all day. 
Had a fantastic time at @tranquilspace hip hop yoga and got to catch up with @tranquilista and @AATP.  Also got to meet @carol_meyers  
Had a fantastic time at the NKOTB concert last night!!!!!  Was a pleasure to meet all of them...especially lookin into those baby blues.. 
had a fantastic time screen printing this weekend - next shirt design &quot;i'd rather be screen printing&quot; 
had a fantastic txt convo with Linda G. TY lady for always encouraging me. U are awesome. Now go get ur tan on! 
had a few beers with ali and i'm going to bed now...tomorrow is the only day of the week when i can sleep in...i hope i'm able to! 
Had a flat tire now i am getting wasted. 
had a freaking AWESOME time at download this weekend, but its so nicve to be back 
Had a friend help me with photo needs today, little bit more hopeful  and I will be changing my name I have decided!
had a fun day at the theatre... glad to be back in town for a while 
had a fun day jetskiing with the boy. Then had a couple of hours sleep. Now making soup for dinner 
Had a fun day today! Bubba gumps &amp; lighthouse! 
had a fun day todayyy!!ohhhh and omg Fireproof is the best movie  Love it....
had a fun day with the class today 
Had a fun game night with the fam! Almost broke my personal Taboo record for a single turn. Maybe next time! 
Had a fun girls day! This was totally needed  getting my hair colored and then gonna watch the rest of valkarye
Had a fun night  
had a fun night  lost too much COD
had a fun night at volleyball... beautiful weather 
Had a fun night hanging out with my bestfriend  Goodnight!
had a fun night last night! it was a good turn out 
had a fun night with my jofis  but I miss my bestest @britnisherea more than anything!!!!
had a fun night with the girls i missedd them 
Had a fun night, afterparty was great too, thanks to Lewis Black and John Bowman 
had a fun show tonight... 
had a fun time at the river 
Had a fun time writing a poem about a little boy 
Had a fun week end with @amandasm19  
had a fun weekend 
had a fun weekend with my friends and my wonderful boyfriend  my birthday's tomorrow, so hit me upppp
Had a funny day today with my bff.. you know that day when you make all the right jokes and laugh about everything.. I had it 
Had a funny thing happen last night when I got out of my car!  Flying to the UK today...back tomorrow night!
had a gd day with Chandler and noelle and clayton and sam and kenny itt was a gd game 
Had a good afternoon meal at my aunt's place. 
had a good afternoon watching movies with first graders piled all over her 
Had a good ass weekend..Now im on my way to see  &quot;The Hangover&quot;. Heard it was pretty funny! 
had a good birthday. got a $15 dollar iTunes gift card. YESSSSS. now i can get @Jonasbrothers Paranoid music video! SWEEET 
had a good chat on the phone with @patg I miss you! 
Had a good daay lots of last minute things, now I'm in my bed watching the hills 
had a good day  been with Rizzle
had a good day  now...I hav a headache and bak to the folio
had a good day all in all  Really loving life at the moment (Y)
had a good day at Smithville. 
Had a good day consisting of: softball, running,grocery stores, gas stations,killer trains,and making videos. 
had a good day in the sun 
Had a good day just relaxed 
had a good day out with Bev &amp; Laura, &amp; is now off shopping with Mark 
Had a good day spending time with the kiddo all over the island,even got some shopping in  going out tonight
Had a good day today, really warm, i hope it stays like this for the weekend 
had a good day today... put some extra hours in at work.. &amp; about to call it a movie night. 
had a good day with her boyfriend 
had a good day with him 
had a good day with the bday boy 
had a good day with the cousins  Hrmm should I start studying for fridays exam ? It's only Food.....
had a good day with travis today.  happy we made up.
had a good day!! 
had a good day, next couple of days looking good too  should start studying soon though... =(
had a good day. 
Had a good day. And Iam eating spaghetti. 
had a good day. Saw 2 movies in the theater. FO FREE! 
had a good day. very relaxing. and alot of hilarious moments. now to go sleep and to have another wonderful day tomorrow 
Had a good declutter session today 
Had a good end to a busy day and now I'm off to bed with a full belly of sushi 
had a good evening 
Had a good first days WE at the herald 
Had a good laugh 
Had a good lunch this afternoon!!  http://twitpic.com/6ggmu
Had a good lunch. I'm a happy girl! 
had a good nap 
Had a good night 
Had a good night  but i'm dreading SATs tomorrow ugh
Had a good night at Rutherglen. Half my family were there too, including some I dont see very often, so gr8 to catch up with them all  #fb
had a good night last night...not hurting today 
had a good night last night;cant wait til wednesday... 
had a good night out with the girlies 
had a good night tonight. meet alot of new people and smoked 
had a good night with Chad  now time to relax, sleeep, and sleep in. Family leaves tomorrow!
had a good night with mom and bonnie. love those two! gonna go to church, the mall, olive garden, and lifeguard tomorrow! 
had a good night, despite the tears! Off to see my aunt &amp; uncle now 
had a good night. Too bad @reese7 was lame and didn't join us for 3/4 of it 
had a good nights rest.. 
had a good nite smiles all round haha 
Had a good run this morning. Great start to a beautiful day! Today is all about the Positive perspective people!! have a great day 
had a good shoot today 
Had a good sleep---want to go back to bed though as was very cozy  Still...it's Friday tomorrow 
Had a good time @Dbradley6's grad party..now on 2 a belated bday dinnr w/ the fam 
Had a good time at Flap-a-taco with @daveyboyonline, @LadyLaurali, and @CesYeuxBleus  
had a good time at the game tonight. only in the minor leagues can you have guys close to jail bait playing with OLD men... and hotties 
Had a good time out , now I must sleep lol. Gym &amp; dance rehearsals in like 5 hours, 
Had a good time today 
had a good time today (third in javelin, NOT last in 400 XD) and is loving Beautiful by Eminem  Will definitely be number 1.
Had a good time watching a movie with my brother. I am feeling inspired. I might write something. 
had a good time with Mr. W  
Had a good time with the girls today 
had a good week 
had a good weekend --cleaned the apt with the bf, saw some friends, &amp; miranda!! cooking dinner with the boyfriend tonight 
Had a good weekend now looking forward to my holiday. 
Had a good weekend.  lets hope me week goes good this time. I got to do a project today and finals this week. BLECK!
had a good weekend. I finally got around to beginning to start organizing our photos from Disney World (3 weeks ago!). 
had a good wknd. Loved the MTV awards  New moon clip was awesome...patiently waiting for Nov. to come. Going to exercise now.
had a good work out and is now going to have breakfast on the balcony 
had a good workout &amp; dinner....time to walk the doggies then its movie night w/dee&amp;kev!  happy happy joy!
Had a good workout now chillin.   
had a good workout! cant wait for another one tomorrow 
HAD A GOOD WORKOUT... NOW TIME TO RELAX ...THEN TIME FOR BED  GOODNIGHT TWITTER'S...
Had a goood workout. Going home and staying up all night 
had a goooooooooood day at work today 
Had a gr8 Sunday! It was different- my 1st time in Jr. Church but i enjoyed it 
had a gr8 time at the uni tav 2day with the girls chillaxin at home now b4 gettin down to business! 
Had a great 1 hour run! What a spaghetti-breakfast can do 
Had a great 20-mile hilly ride. Climbed very well even w/the 92 deg temps. Saw no snakes 2day, yay! Sporting a new &amp; improved tri-tan. 
Had a great 4 overnights at work!  Felt well rested and sharp minded each day!  Breakfast @ Sonic again this AM!  YUM!  Have a good day! 
had a great adventure with @mandydemoo and @michellehlee!  meet some ninja turtles from Brazil 
had a great afternoon with her amigas 
had a great afternoon with Nicola ;) doing some ironing before curling up in bed with my book 
Had a great afternoon/night with Michael 
had a great b'day today!  got some great pressies...now gonna spend some o' my iTunes money I got today!  
had a great Birthday dinner in Japan, walked around France, and had ice cream on the Boardwalk..Living near Epcot has it's advantages. 
had a great birthday, turning 20 isn't so bad after all. 
Had a great breakfast at Rincon Market in Tucson, now going to enjoy the day, saving a Provence Rose for happy hour 
Had a great brunch @ Relish. Bagels with cream cheese, scrambled eggs and smoked cheese 
Had a great bungee jump  x
had a great church service and met some sweet people 
Had a great convo with a local daycare/boarding facility about doing a display and starting a business relationship 
had a great day - BBQ + Sun (L) Watching BGT at the mo 
Had a great day - got to cook all kinds of stuff with Gail &amp; Adrianne and it went really well. 
had a GREAT day  i LOVE going on DATES!!! first final tomorrow... yay!!!
Had a great day  thank you all.
had a great day and amazing presens  xx
Had a great day and is lovin life  Goodnight!
had a great day at six flags! no lines 
Had a great day at Table Rock State Park; fishing, swimming, ice cream at Aunt Sue's; what a great start to our summer. 
Had a great day at the beach and the pool. Looking forward to crabs and shrimp for dinner. 
Had a great day at the beach yesterday, and the sun is shining again 
Had a great day Canoeing on the Lake with Maria and Olga! 
Had a great day hangin with the fam. at Katies piano recital and chillin after. 
had a great day in the forest, together with Johannes  He can be very arduous! D
Had a great day kicking it with my girls 
had a great day last night! it's time to chill now 
Had a great day out in the sun with friends  Really enjoyed my bday! Can I have June 1st off again next year??
had a great day over at the rents! they are absolutely amazing!!  makin the sides to go with the delicious pot roast I made for dinner!!
had a great day playing rock band 
Had a great day today  mmm taco bell...&gt;_&lt;
had a great day today assembling the fashion show set and painting it. looking good 
had a great day today, 10 hours but so worth it  looking forward to tomorrow too, but not looking forward to the early wake up! night x.
had a great day today. Just relaxing and stuff. Looks great so far 
Had a great day today. Lauren is asleep on the phone.  I love nights like this. I hope the show went well. Peace fellow human beings.
Had a great day with Delfina  Just reached homez. Gonna dye my hair tomorrow! 
had a great day with his girlfriend  i love her so much, now jamming to Cradle of Filth !!!
Had a great day with Jess yesterday...shoping and Cheders...what an awsome day with friends...love you guys! 
had a great day with Kendra and Heather today 
had a great day with my girlfriend 
had a great day with my gorgeous boyfriend and an awesome day in the house of god  i love my life!, im to blessed!!
Had a great day with my Momsy for my birthday, saw Up, went out for dinner with her and The Boy, got flowers, ate cake. It was a good day 
had a great day yesterday.. 2 movies in one day 
Had a great day!  @reneeseacor congratulations on first place!! They can't call you a slacker anymore 
had a great day! Looking forward to my busy Monday! 
Had a great day! Swooped on an &quot;ill&quot; pair of shoes   so siiiick!!! Hey @tommyicon you like? Hahahaha  http://twitpic.com/7j4q2
had a great day, goin 2 rmt, txt me. 
had a great day, lets make it a good night 
Had a great day, slept in, went shopping, met up with a really hot friend (yum!), now off to my brothers house  what a day 
had a great day, went shoppin, college 2moz sud b 
had a great day...and now I'm off to bed. tomorrow I'm back in sd 
Had a great early morning workout!! Getting ready for work 
Had a great evening with Jeremiah and Belinda. Should've stole leftovers when no one was looking... 
had a great evening yesterday  xoxo 
Had a great family party for our 14 y/o!  What a great family that God gave us!  Esp those we chose!  
Had a great fish taco dinner last night  Jaco is great!
Had a great girls night! 
Had a great idea for an OS. Not sharing it though, it's MINE 
Had a great lunch with one of my &quot;mums&quot; today, @christineirmler  It's her birthday tomorrow too so I got her a little something
had a great mom's day.  very relaxing and very loved-mostly loved 
Had a great morning @ the beach - found a wading spot in the water!  Loving The Ocean!  - Ready to snorkel again!  
Had a great morning...mini golf with 3 kids and the wife...lunch at Islands with Grammy and lolo. 
Had a great Mother's Day  
Had A Great Night 
Had a great night  in bed now.
Had a great night  lol got something really amazing!  the best ever might i add. But im scared about tomorrow
Had a great night and actually won an award for best Young Hollywood athlete!!! Omg so exciting and got to share it with amazing friends 
had a great night celebrating graduation... Michigan in a week 
Had a great night last night hanging out with @coachbanderson 
Had a great night last night. now its beach time 
Had a great night out last night in Brum with friends. A real tonic! I feel great today, anything can be achieved 
had a great night out with my honeybee...met some new nice people and acutally guys...can you believe that? 
Had a great night thanks to moscato MS wat a surprise no hangover either good night i  love u detroit and yes im good 
Had a great night with @danierae3 
had a great night with Ash and Chan 
Had a great night with friends!!! 
had a great night with friends.. good wine  wish Mike could've been there
Had a great night! Taken was awesome! Being with the gf was better tho.   
Had a great night! Tomorrow is mothers day 
Had a great night!!!  Now time for sleep!!!
Had a great night. Excited about semi formal, dunking booth, and a big opportunity coming up. Ericka and i had a sleep over, too!! 
had a great night... with a boy! 
had a great nightt 
Had a great pancake lunch (I cooked...  )... Now it's time for a nap!!
had a great party last night, lots of drinking, rock band and won a poker game 
had a great ride today. did about 30 miles  weather was ace  was good training for the 50k race at the end of June.
had a great rollercoasting weekend and a great sleep.  nearly back to equilibrium ..
had a great service today 
Had a great showing! Client should be making an offer this week!! Off to mow yard and clean house now 
Had a great sleep accompanied with a pleasant dream thanks to last few hours before concussing on the bed. 
Had a great sleep! The foxes found somewhere else to play their dirty games. This is going to be a good day, Apprentice later 
had a great start to the day, fitness class with @mishbridges and shannon, it was so much fun and i burnt 680 calories 
had a great Sunday visiting Coral Ridge Pres while hubby @jonelswick lead worship &amp; lunch after with Tullian &amp; Kim! Now, nap time for us! 
had a great sunday...reeling from the time spent with friends and their baby. 
had a great talk with my man, i knew there was some reason i was marrying him 
Had a great time @ DATE. So blessed by @irenezhang's sharing and also the foods 
Had a great time @IsleOfWightFest thanks again for putting on a show @johngiddings01 keep on booking the sun 
had a great time anyway i always do...... 
Had a great time at family BBQ, everyone absolutely lovely andconcerned, asking  about my health. Bless them.  So kind. 
had a GREAT time at Gay Bingo tonight, but didn't win anything, as usual.  the guys were soooo cute and I met a guy I want to see again 
had a great time at my mom's 50th bday party 
had a great time at Relay For Life  Good night!
had a great time at spoons last night 
Had a great time at the camp tonight. Ready to do it all again tomorrow 
had a great time at The Firehouse Jam on Saturday!... minus the car troubles. Thanks for coming out!! 
had a GREAT time at the grove. Thomas was AMAZING  thank you Thomas &lt;333 i like ur hugs ;)
had a great time at the outdoor swimming pool, it was like being on holiday at butlins 
had a great time at the zoo today. The African Journey was really cool. Glad that we finally got the motorcycle home. 
Had a great time at tommy &amp; angies 2nite!  Happy birthday tommy!  Now time for some sleep!  
Had a great time bowling!!! Time to sleep! Can't wait for Dan &amp; Elaine time tomorrow!!! 
Had a great time catching up with @BRANDONTRENTHAM tonight..he is a rare breed. I adore him &amp;dancing with @pcatLAGIRL was a great workout 
had a great time celebrating mother's day  to me, being a mom is the best job on earth!
Had a great time fellowshipping with an indonesian friend today...feeling encouraged 
had a great time here in korea. i've been here for one week. i miss my dogs!  finally tomorrow i'll be home 
had a great time in subang parade with red fm team esp. jd n dili 
had a great time in the ha'penny last night. looking forward to another lazy day sunning myself with a good book... 
Had a great time last night 
Had a great time last night reconnecting with an 09 HS Grad who was part of my JH Youth Grp back in the day. He's off to Bible College 
Had a great time last night with the OBP.! Have a safe trip to new orleans ladies 
Had a great time last night! 
had a great time out tonight with my sister &amp; her bf 
Had a great time out with my lil' family today  Looking forward to celebrating Gordon, TT, Fram's and my own b'day tomoro night! ;)
Had a great time swimming today... IM SOOO TIRED now.. It's TV time and bedtime soon... Night NIght... 
had a great time talkin with Mike tonight for three hrs. 
Had a great time this afternoon...  It was nice seeing everyone and meeting Adam!
had a great time tonight with my girl. kinda forgot just how awesome she was(is).  #fb
had a great time tonight with old friends!! It felt so good to tell stories and laugh about life and old memories 
Had a great time tonight! Dinner was just.... superb! 
had a great time tonight...thanks 
had a great time w/ @RedBytch @Soheartfelt @DeeDeeDaa, t.p. and coop... these peeps are my fam. cant forget ms. mirna who had me rollin 
had a great time watchin lil bro graduate from high school..lil sis didnt make it out though. will catch her lata. me&amp;dad bonded! 
had a great time with anna, eryn, damion and kyle  ... love u guys
Had a great time with great friends today such as @saucymiss 
Had a great time with mpix shootout, just great  thanks mpix...
had a great time with my church fam today 
had a great time with my HERmanas tonite!  Peanut butter sister time! where you at? where you at?
had a great time with my new Raleigh Chapter Alumni friends. Have a safe trip back. Using the new fingers would have been best though. 
had a great time! Time for sleepy. 
had a great tlk w/ isabella  we we're both cryin' lol. love her to deathhh!
Had a great t-storm early this morning, makes me sleep deeper.  The windows were open so the ionized air came in the house, feels good
had a great we with my buddy 
had a great weekend and is expecting to have a wonderful week!  going to bed early tonight!
had a great weekend away from home and its back to work tomorrow  I love my life!
had a great weekend in the sun with Jodie, George, Newman, Ben, Steve, Caroline and Martin 
had a great weekend in Vegas. I guess the &quot;streak&quot; begins again at #1. 
had a great weekend photographically speaking! Thanks to Governor's Island and Strike Anywhere. 
had a great weekend seeing Faris and Chafica! 
Had a great weekend with everyone...back from Quebec....slept all of Sunday and now back to work.... ahhh so rested 
Had a great weekend with her hubby.....I wish it would never end 
Had a great weekend with John-back to work for 3 days then going to Illinois on Thurs &amp; Fri for more Gigs with John 
Had a great weekend! Glad to be home though. 
had a great weekend!! couldn't ask for better friends 
had a great weekend!! learned how to dance LA SALSA  Super nice
had a great weekend, looking forward to a great week 
Had a Great weekend, off to the next one 
Had a great weekend, paintballing yesterday and work around the house today... lovely weather also 
had a great workout today, time to relax with michael scofield and lincoln burrows 
Had a great/amazing day so far 
had a GRRRRRRRREAT day shopping!  4 weeks til I see My *SAILOR!!* 
had a haircut 
Had a half-dozen scammers reply to my craigslist posting for my Dell server. They want to use Paypal. I'm curious  how the scam works 
had a headache from work... time for a bath with sinatra and vanilla candles 
had a heart to heart with his boy (ALL good stuff, promise!) and is now a bit more smitten than before.  fucking loves!! (Avi=hawt!)
had a heavy morning... damn ER medicine is one biyaaatch! 
had a hellacious day at work, now i'm sitting out by the pool reading 
Had a highly productive day &amp; got several issues resolved. Feels really good! I can breathe again. Hope everyone is having a great day 
Had a job interview today and it went good :] and it helps that I know the people that interviewed me 
had a juice box this morning. You never know the joy a juice box can bring until you have one later on in life. 
had a kickass birthday with my mains 
Had a Krystal commercial audition moved to tomorrow, so I've got the day off.  Gym, Yoga, Library this morning. 
had a lavleh lil bbq and has caught a nice lil tan :') this weather makes me excited for ma holiday 
Had a lazy day today, but am having roast potatoes for dinner!! 
had a lazyy morning and loved it  now finally gettin my stinky ass ready to celebrate my twins' birfday!!!
Had a lie in for once, just bathed pony-next off to dad's to watch GP then may even clean car 
had a little chord/lyric jumble up, but it's all good. 
had a lond busy day today....gonna rest now  
Had a long and tiring day, its going to be more hectic tomorrow! I really need to learn how to drive, it will make thing so much quicker 
had a long chat with denise jus now 
Had a long day today glad its over now i get to sleep 
Had a long day.  But the guy I like said some sweet things too me!!!   2 more days of school!
had a long day. Chill-out time. Dvd+snacks. 
had a long day. School,Salon and unexpected shopping  theeeen party tonight!
Had a long, but good day, and can't wait for another one.   God bless you all! Xxx
Had a long, productive day. Another ahead of me tomorrow. Goodnight world 
had a loooong day but fun  lovin summer!
had a loooong wonderfull bike ride! and ended up going to the UFC last minute!!! AWESIME!! first time! what a blast!!! 
Had a lot of fun at Cafe Night.   Can't wait 'til the next activity!
had a lot of fun today watching and meeting (again) @kinagrannis and @davidchoimusic please come back sooon!! 
had a lot of fun tonight 
had a lot of fun tonight!! 
had a lovely afternoon picnicing, playing frisbee, and revising in the sun 
had a lovely birthday.  http://plurk.com/p/xedq0
Had a lovely couple of days with Ange and Leighton and had a lovely afternoon swimming in the sea... don't you just love the hot weather 
Had a lovely day 
had a lovely day at home in the sunshine with the kids and hub, had mum-in-law over for high tea......2 days till spain!  ooooh!!!!!!
Had a lovely day down in Gourock today :-D BBQ, sunshine, friends...its all good  [Apart from the sunburn which I now have on my back!] x
Had a lovely day out 
Had a lovely day out, then back for a bbq in the garden! You could almost believe it is summer  Thanks for the #ff 's
had a lovely day today 
had a lovely day today. i think every day of summer 2009 will be wonderful  lovin life.
had a lovely day.   BBQ &lt;3  love em ; ) xxx
had a lovely evening - coffee, good convo, and wandered around target looking for action figures with scottie 
Had a lovely evening out!! just a lil hangover 
had a lovely evening...went to see 17 again followed by a stroll on the beach with Kate. 
Had a lovely lunch with Mal and Amanda today.  I love boys! 
Had a lovely Mothers Day 
had a lovely night last nite  now time for work
had a lovely night with her boyfriend and will be spending a fun day with her crazy family  Happy Mother's Day!
had a lovely sunny day - stated to make myself a new pant suit today  - will study later
Had a lovely time at the party. Highlight of my night: me &amp; Monica feeding at wild fox hot dogs  the dang thing was pretty close too!
Had a lovely time sat in the sun eating vimto lollies n chew bars with Lewis. Now home to mine and drinks with him n Rachel  nice day
had a lovely weekend with @performeradams and the girlies about to get my uni results  how exciting!!!
had a lunch date with @bulhaa! yummeh yummeh biriyaani! 
had a maaaaarvelous time at the show and hanging out with all the bands.  and yay scholarships!
Had a major dance session to Beastie boys with my kids, I'm beat, I think today was supposed to be a recovery day 
had a memorable &amp; eventful birthday wit some surprises thrown in...recuperated &amp; rested fully today...decided 2 cook dinner 4 myself now 
had a moment.  i love my Bff 
Had a morning tea on my new patio set... now startin my work day.  It's gonna be a good day. 
Had a nice chat with @jinnyp, from the web mktg team of Terry College of Business at the UGA. She brought me @JitteryJoes coffee. 
had a nice day 
had a nice day in hull, i have a bit of sunburn on my face again, is loving this new shirt  i feel so summery! Enter Shikari Album (L)
had a nice day in the city. time to go to bed 
had a nice day in the sun 
Had a nice day on Lake PÃ¤ijÃ¤nne and Kalasaari. Paddling, lunch, sauna and more paddling. Now back home and.. more sauna 
Had a nice dinner with the hubby and now on our way home  45 min drive out of the city. *sigh*
had a nice farewell lunch with his team at Chevron, and has said, well, &quot;Farewell&quot;. Now time for the gym 
Had a nice lie in but now I'm wide awake &amp; am looking forward to being able to catch some rays again  Where's the sun, come out &amp; play!
had a nice little break!!  I guess it's time to work on my flashcards. Hmm, perhaps another break at 12 to watch Family Guy!  Allllright
Had a nice little talk with Joe last night, he can come &amp; stay at mine WHENEVER. 
Had a nice long walk with the dog this morning   I'm absolutely shattered now after that one, And now for some lunceh, i think   Laterz
had a nice lunch at McDonalds  so sleepy now
Had a nice merienda with Tet.  always good to spend time with friends....
Had a nice morning back at work.  Was able to catch up!  Now I'm home with the Kitty, catching up on TV 
had a nice mother's day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering if i'll ever see some one again. talking to sisa. 
had a nice nap! if it was raining it'll be even cooler!  i woke up feeling stuffy!
had a nice night and is a sleepy girl.....sweet dreams everyone 
Had a nice night and work and doesn't start till 12 tomorrow woo  still gate aaran rowles though!;@
Had a nice night with tom @ bodega 
Had a nice relaxing evening. Playing tomorrow for service 
Had a nice session of JDCC last night since I ended up going to UG meet a week late because I borked calendar..  JDCC = JD, Coke n Code 
had a nice showerrr 
had a nice talk with deb on the phone, trying to sort out my problems 
Had a nice time at my Grandparents place. Alwasy good food to be had there. 
Had a nice time at Straddie with my mummy. Back to reality now. 
Had a nice time with Gokesters! Particularly KEWL ICIE! And oh!!! Still wishing for Danny to twitter with me along with Gokesters! 
Had a nice weekend  Now it's back to work...
Had a nice weekend  shame i had to fuckin come home to this
had a nice weekend in with her lovers 
Had a nice weekend with the family  Looking forward to a new week 
Had a nice work out even nicer hot shower...now I'm all relaxed and ready to chill... 
had a picknick withe the girls today and the B-day Boy Teodor. Happy b-day LR! 
Had a piece of fried chicken, some PSP luv and now off to bed. 
had a positive level 3 adv class. was nice 
had a power nap, now awake. Good for the energy levels  afternoon training will be 4 blocks of 4 x 1 minute sprints, nice!
had a present waitin fo him at home  the most amazin box #knife ever!! #bessey ... http://twitpic.com/7jlh9
had a pretty amazing night last night  am completely ruined for english sac tomorrow though hahaha
Had a pretty good day 
Had a pretty good day  Hopes everyone has a great weekend!
had a pretty good day. bc i finally got to sleep!  and its back to sleep land!
had a pretty good night. got to hang out with @aliembramela and my other friends..hanging with my boyfriend (maybe..) SLEEP 
had a pretty good time at Savannah's surprise birthday party last night (: and now has pierced ears! 
had a pretty good weekend  I really learned how &quot;some&quot; people just make life better 
had a quality time with my family 
Had a real fun ride 2day... just wna show off my baby  http://img14.imageshack.us/img14/9101/9r6609.jpg
Had a real good weekend having fun, catching up with old buddies &amp; getting glowy, sunkissed skin from the biggest star in the universe!! 
had a reallly nice night with my mom &amp; alexis 
Had a really awesome bubble bath with my baby jacuzzi! Made the BEST bubbles, failed at getting pic but it topped my day/evening 
Had a really awesome day! Got to hear the Dalai Lama speak and now i'm off to work.  life is good
Had a really fun night last night!  Tonights all about relaxing and watching Big Bro!
had a really good day today... i went and saw my 5th grade teacher and got to help teach her class....they are cutee 4th graders 
Had a really good day today..I feel like I'm back on the right track!! 
Had a really good night last night. Looking forward to the new moon trailer today 
Had a really good ride today  AND i diddn't fall off ;) , nahh it's cause shes not hyper &amp;jumping the jumps like there 3,6ft 
had a really good time at megans house &amp; the beach 
Had a really good time at morgan's last night! Super tired though!  Camped in her backyard 
had a really good time last might thanks charlotte,alison, lukey, piers, emma, the other luke, mikey, and jess  ?
had a really great day 
Had a really great night 
had a really great night  He always knows how to make me smile.
Had a really great, albeit kinda short, surf today. I really love living in Muizenberg and right at the beach. I'm so lucky  #fb
had a really nice morning, got the time to do yoga and have a nice shower  going to a kindergarten for a visit.
had a really nice night last night.. love you babe!!! and is now at sophs,, i am alive soph hahaha!!!!! was really busy yday sorry!!!  xx
Had a really nice weekend....the apartment is now a wreck with shopping bags everywhere. But I'm happy 
had a really niceee dayy in york   happy birthday tom (:
had a really really good day  finally got cleared out of monitiring room !!! and is so happy that its the start of da weekend 
had a really yummy lunch 
had a rehearsal with metallic panda today! fun fun. sam (singer) and i wrote a new song yersterday, sounds AWESOME with the band! 
had a reli nice time last nite  will this one last we will see!!xxx
had a rough day today. My violin teacher actually pissed with my playing today. I think she'll go crazy anytime. lol. let her. 
had a rough day.  big hugs guys.  
had a run and ready to face the day  starting with lunch!
had a shave 
had a shitload of fun with her friends 
had a shower and now i don't feel filthy anymore 
had a shower and now wearing the weirdest hairstyle ever  i look like a palm tree or an animal  (: Gonna watch a movie xXx Good night &lt;3
had a sick night in town 
had a sleepover last night, but I'm back home now. Ehh.. Hello 
had a sleepover with kyla 
Had a slow, lazy day today.  Ahh well, it is Sunday! Did some modeling though so got a bit further with my project.
had a sort of fun first day of school  ...sort of :&gt;
had a spectacular day...but i thought this moment would never come, ahh...sleep 
had a splendid time this evening. 
Had a stressful week. Many fights. Had to ask roommates to move out. But we did the right thing &amp; are now able to relax in our own home 
Had a super cool 2 hour Saturday outing with friends! Chats on chat-street was amazing! Just like always! YaY!!!!! 
Had a super evening yesterday!!!  thanks to light force and marc.
Had a super fun night. The Sims party didn't happen. Hopefully soon. Taboo is just as fun though 
Had a super fun yet accomplished day   i wish it wasnt sunday im not ready for a manic monday! Nighty night y'all! 
Had a super long day work. Babysitting my cousin for 12 hours tomorrow. If yoiu're gonna be in Tampa then, come visit me 
had a super yummy lunch with mi familia and ze neighbors.  its raining hard but we still had lunch with them! siomai i love you :&gt;
Had a supertastic day or whatever it's called!! 
had a sweet surprise! will update later~! 
Had a talk with Mom, she said I should concentrate more on photography, not on guys!!! She's a wise person! 
had a thrilling time with DAS joyride roadtrip! nice driving Pai and Paulo.  http://plurk.com/p/rrg18
had a tiring but yet relaxing day 
Had a ton of fun w muffin today 
had a ton of fun with mariela today and scored in my game on a penalty shot 
Had a tough conversation But its gona be okay! 
had a tough morning, devil wanted to keep me home with a flat tire, but the Lord succeeded, and I'm glad He did 
Had a treat today. 
had a tweet published in the Chicago Red Eye. 
had a v good gym time today 
had a very awesome, hour-long discussion, with a work colleague, on cross-genre level design theory and game mechanics. Love this job 
had a very busy weekend glad it's Monday  have barely opened my computer till this evening
Had a very cool day today. A nice sunny day in luxemburg, with a game of badminton and more important: a game of petanque. 
had a very fun night 
had a very good night 
Had a very good pasta dinner. Need some carbs for the race tomorrow 
had a very goooood day  sat watching the hills :] so tired!
had a very hard day hope 2morrow would be okay 
had a very hectic day but thinks it will all be worth it. 
Had a very long dream last night about @TheRealJordin. She lived in Spain and was my friend and married to someone famous 
had a very productive day off, and is looking to a fun evening. Star trek! 
had a very productive day! Finished Mirror's Edge, gym, more Ninjatown, 40gal water change, gecko tank clean, saw Up and settled in Catan 
had a very productive weekend 
had a very sleepless night and i am super tired.  time for coffee
had a very well sleep last night! 
Had a vivid dream of getting 5 numbers   bonus. Jackpot win obvously going to happen any day now 
had a wicked birthday  can't wait to do go clubbing again! ^^
Had a Wii-tastic night last night.  Learned I am marrying into a fairly competitive family.  Too late to back out??  
Had a wonderful afternoon in Gatlinburg!!! Now just headed back to mom and dads house 
had a wonderful and wild adventure today  My uncle says I can make it outdoors if I set my mind into it. I c... http://plurk.com/p/xelvd
Had a wonderful chat with @ericjtdf. He is so sweet &lt;3 
had a wonderful date with my wife today. Thank you Lord for arranging our weekend so we could have some quality time together. 
had a wonderful day again. goooo, chun! 
had a wonderful day in the park courtesy of a sunny sunday and good friends 
had a wonderful day...looking forward to celebrating all of the good things this weekend!!  
had a wonderful dinner with her love 
had a wonderful evening with the boyfriend   hanging out with lauren then chilling at the mall with james. text itttt
had a wonderful night with friends, chatting till the sun came up 
Had a wonderful night....I love my friends 
Had a Wonderful Time on the Runway with my fellow Curvy Divas  Off to bed finally Sweet Dreams Tweeters 
Had a wonderful time with all my friends tonight 
Had a wonderful time with him again tonight! 
Had a wonderful wedding anniversary breakfast with my family this morning. Now I'm back in Dï¿½sseldorf, embarking on a very short week 
Had a wonderful weekend thanks to friends and family  i'm so loved 
Had a wonderful weekend.  Hope everyone had the same! Time to go to sleep! Z.z...z..Z..zz....z....
had a wonderfully adventurous day yesterday 
Had a yummy cuban dinner! Now going to dreamland!! It was a good day!! 
Had a yummy torta. 
had a yummy tosai for dinner 
had alot of fun at the carnival  i wish it was going to be there longer :/
had alot of fun last night at the casino....days like that should happen more often 
had alot of fun tonight 
had an amaaazing dream about mcfly aahaa. only 1 exam left! 
Had an amazing athletic night, excercise=good  good night everyone
Had an amazing barbeque for my tea..mmmmm! 
had an amazing day  making a custom skate deck for jasons bday.
had an amazing day on the lake...and i'm going back 2 my old coloring!! go me 
Had an amazing day today at summertime ball 
had an amazing day with friends &amp; family...now going home to crash. 
had an amazing day with my parents and sister. i haven't laughed as hard as i did tonight in a LONG time!! i love my family 
had an amazing day! bitch fest with alison. angels and demons. remember the titans. good stuff 
Had an amazing day! Seaworld  BBQ my house 
Had an amazing day...@thepinkpalace, lunch at CiCi's, visit to Bass Pro, movies, walk in field &amp; saw 4 deer...great day 
had an amazing dinner/jam sesh with the missionaries. no...not church songs. it was great! 
had an amazing night  this party was definitely a success. minus the attack of the giant bug.
had an amazing night with Caleb 
had an amazing night with josh ... definitely made my day/night way better, memories you can't replace  
Had an AMAZiNG SHOW!! May 9th Follow me for more info. on upcoming shows Plan on updating my twitter more often sorry guys! 
had an amazing time at prom last night! i have some pretty awesome friends 
had an amazing time dancing to DJ Dan at Ruby Skye tonight. And I'm still looking for that roommate in SF if you know anybody! 
Had an amazing time in Barcelona  sangrias and sunshine and LOTS of pub crawls     Amsterdam maybe today?
had an amazing time on Weeds today!  That crew is awesome!  
had an amazing time with her pea, @BabyBlue3737 at the Mets game last night...too much fun!! 
had an amazing time with steph. cinema was sooo much fun  17again is a great movie, really!!!
had an amazing time.  bowling was funn. graduation was funn. Had a ubber funn time. Im going to miss ma girls, and ma guys. :[
had an amazing weekend    going on a run,baseball game, then work.
Had an amazing weekend @ Landmark Education London.  In The Distinction Of Performance, Life Is About To Change Forever 
Had an amazing weekend at Wealth Dynamics - thanks guys!! I'm ready to make some noise 
Had an amazing weekend with the most beautiful girl on the planet  I love you Melissaaaaaaa
had an amazinggggg day!  and there's still tomorrow to look forward to DD &lt;3
Had an amazingly gorgeous sunny BBQ yesterday,beautiful,with family  hope everyone is ok x more fun in the sun today x
had an amazingly great and fun time writing that in-class essay this morning! Hooooo-boy! 
Had an ammmaaaazzingg driving lesson  and is now downloading Inspiration 8 for her revision 
had an answered prayer which caught me by surprise. LORD, you are amazing! 
Had an appointment. Now going down 85 through town. This is some bull. Glad I work 20 mins from home. 
Had an argument with @Kathleen_Anne. It was our third one after being best friends for idk 17 years? Haha I love her 
had an art excursion to the gallery today, insted of learning i took photos of all the sculptures penises and sent them to jenna 
Had an awesome awesome 90km ride. Now its time 4 sushi 
Had an awesome back workout.....leaning out as planned 
Had an awesome bbq yesterday. Made a camp fire and everything 
Had an awesome birthday by far  had some cake and spent time wit family and talked wit a few friends and family
Had an awesome Birthday today.  
had an awesome day    now to revise...
had an awesome day at the zoo yes2dy!!!!! now gettin ready 4 church  yay!!!
had an awesome day at work! Getting paid for what you love possibly has to be the best feeling EVER!!  
Had an awesome day with the fam. 
Had an awesome day!  Enjoying the long weekend!
had an awesome dicussion with @Katiieoxx about fake jonas fans haha, well we love them anyway! 
Had an awesome flying by the seat of our pants performance tonight, we pulled it off and loved every minute 
had an awesome night out &amp; is ready for another one tonight, but this time in Wolverhampton. 
had an awesome night w/ family, celebrating my big brother's bday! Cookout, Cubs, my niece Bella, &amp; Rockband  I'm exhausted! Sweet dreams!
Had an awesome night with Loves Army Symphony... Check out pic at http://twitpic.com/65yp8 great food!!! 
had an awesome night with old friends and dirty moustaches. Excellent 
had an awesome night with the guys and laramy 
had an awesome possum workout 2day... luv the rain!  
had an awesome Sunday with family!! 
Had an awesome time @ Becca'sss &lt;3 Totes c my future as an audiobook reader! Haha, gr8 JB fanfics, but I made them SPECTACULAR!!! lolzzz 
had an awesome time at Molly and Darin's wedding yesterday in Boston. Off to photograph some families at an orchard in South Glastonbury. 
had an awesome time at the graduation party.  I missed my Loganville kids.
had an awesome time golfing! the team fished 1 over par 
Had an awesome time with my two blondes tonight 
Had an awesome time yesterday with that boy at the Hancock  and I'm very happy that Laura's exam went OK 
Had an awesome time, thankyous 
Had an awesome weekend and an awesome turn out to my rummage sales on friday and saturday!! 
had an AWESOME weekend.    Only 6 days of class left and then finals!
had an awsome 2 days with my babeyy girl +Teee 
Had an AWSOME day 
Had an awsome TIME today 
Had an enjoyable dinner with my F&amp;N teacher and high sch classmates  http://twitpic.com/7gy00
had an insane game of hockey today, snowing on minute sunny the next. Was my highlight. Along with getting my beenie 
had an interesting night and realized that I have 2 very good friends 
Had an interesting time earlier. Only going to tell my bestfriends. &amp; Now we're watching devils wear prada. 
Had an Italian pizza  it tasted awful xD
Had an ok bday,thank you to everyone who wished me a happy bday!  Show in Poteet,TX tonight!Be there!
had an okay day. but hanging out with brianna and saelina was good 
Had an oreo then. Freaking amazing! My day has been super weird and I'm not sure what kind of mood I'm in, we'll make it super happy  xxx
Had an ultrasound today and spotted no male parts.  Most likely having a girl 
Had an unproductive time a lot of yesterday, but then did tackle some of it. I'm pretty cool 
Had another Basketball Series with my boys.  We play best out of seven, first one to 6 wins the game... it been really fun!  
Had another fun day with my mr! Why can't I stop smiling! Dinner, movies, kisses and hugs! Chocolate love 
had another nap and am feeling lots better! Grabbing a shower, some supper and playing with my son for a bit 
had aolt of fun tonight. cant wait till the Beatles on monday 
had awesome day: learned a new skill for resume, had last pussycat dolls dance class &amp; rocked it, XBF was pissy @ me and I didn't flinch. 
Had barn chores to do in the morning, ride after that and its Kirk's 23rd birthday tomorrow so Happy Birthday to him 
had Baskin Robin's with my cousin  $20 for 2 scoops of ice cream, toppings and a wafer thing is a little steep :\
Had beers at venue with the guys, waiting for soundcheck 
Had better weekends than this 1 @Jococoloco  but better times are yet to come  and..Im gonna be preparing myself for ALL of them!!
Had birthday party, watched Wolverine movie, everyone got along...overall A Successful Birthday celebration. 
Had BK before accounting. Got the original Spock toy with the kids meal! Push the button and he says &quot;Live long and prosper&quot; Made my day 
Had blood drawn 2day, Arm = sore, the fear of needles is worse, but on the up side, I didn't completely faint 
had breakfast at tiffany's this morning with ash 
had breakfast ice cream sundae this morning w/ @SuzanneWong.  I've been eating so much lately.    and don't feel guilty at all.
had breakfast in the backyard in the sun.  pretty lovely  
Had breakfast in the graden  and is now going to try and do some work!!
had breakfest with the mom this morning  not sure what im doing for the rest of the day 
Had chinese for dinner! On my way back from the lake  hoping that i don't run out of gas
had Coldstone ice cream today. i don't see what's so special Ben and Jerrys is still my favorite 
had dairy goats--I reallyenjoyed them. made soap, cheese.  But theya re not good grazers! 
had date night with her man   Its you and me against the world babe &lt;3
Had dinner and played cards with a few friends at Anna's house... won the poker match 
Had dinner at my mum's tonight. Was nice, actually 
Had dinner at The Village Green-Glen Waverley local legend of a pub  V noice venue Kath &amp; Kim would lurve. But they can haz kids play area
Had dinner at Uno's with Kevin &amp; Donna.  I don't think I'll ever get tired of Chicago pizza.
had dinner Mmmmm  still hungry but being good.  I have been eating too many calories and will be watching more closely now. 
Had dinner with Dan and Kara and then kicked butt in Wii Bowling!  Next weekend...Dad is next!  
Had dinner with fam at the best pakistani restaurant.  Yum Kulfi!
had dope conversations with a new friend....and an old. 
had durian cheesecake today yummylicioussss 
Had egg and soldiers. Will make me ill later but damn it was good. Now for cappuccino 
had english exam today not fun 
Had enough at the office.  Off to buy something tasty for supper then back to my abode.  Looking forward to hockey tomorrow morning 
had finally got to see his princess and wishes she was here with him 
Had forgotten about Saturday night tv... Looking forward to Something For The Weekend in bed tomorrow tho  Ah, Buzzcocks on in a min,  ...
Had forgotten the joy of feeling energised. Fantastic and motivated day today - will go to bed a happy bunny! 
Had fruit salad for dinner. So healthy eh?! 
Had fun @ CIRCA last night! Xo girlfriends 
Had fun 2night!  on my way home headed back 2 palmdale
had fun at a party today! and saw the new moon trailer 
had fun at asia and amaris' sweet sixteen last night 
had fun at athletics 
had fun at cheer tonight 
had fun at last nights Reedemer auction, and snagged a couple awesome deals for a great cause! I'm ready for today 
had fun at the e-session today! Katie &amp; Gerald: YOU ROCK!!! 
Had fun at universal with the bestie @iitsJessbabyy, mom and Tess. Fire power!! 
had fun at wango tangooo! 
Had fun experimenting with my lovely new eyeshadow  i don't suit fake eyelashes though D: Sososo excited about patrick wolf tomorrow! 
Had fun in NOLA, single guy asked for love advice from us married ladies - and I got a compliment on my green eyes.    nighto!
Had fun in sentosa..it's been a while since we had fun together..u guys are great!! 
had fun last night  &lt;3
Had fun on @Orpheous_Black's show on talkingsexradio. Looking forward to feedback from you all tomorrow! 
had fun on the river, now its time to workout 
had fun playing online poker on facebook with my siblings  what a way to bond with family!
Had fun playing Wii Golf with the seniors today! Wii is such an innovative gaming system- great for ALL ages! 
Had fun shopping, @ the OZ fest &amp; the Verona field days!! Now off to the taste of Syracuse!!!    Mmmm...I'm hungry!!!!
had fun small wave surfing last weekend 
had fun 'smite smite smiting' low level enemies on Jubei'Thos (US) with the  BoE guild 'pantsonheaad' #wow , off to the park now 
had fun spending sometime with my Comai... miss her and my lil nephews... cant wait for my Godson to get here 10.29.09... 
had fun today!  sneak tweet before homework!
had fun today, hung out with some good friends  
had fun todayy  chelsey's for the night; who knows what's going on tomorrow
had fun tonight  should i do my essay or go to bed????? i think bed lol so nighttyy night 
had fun watching trop fest films with 2nd year chicks  .
had fun watching Twilight tonight! 
had fun wit cassy looking at stars in her driveway&lt;3 so romantic cant wait 2 c her again 
Had fun wit my boo  her mom loves meeee lls
Had fun with Jade  but tired so Im finishing my hw and off 2 sleep !
had fun with jessica today @ the grad. party &lt;3 
had fun with my American Girls today..  xx
had fun with the boys tonight 
had fun yesterday beating keo and his friends at bball  and bonfire afterwords at my house with sisters friends was great 
had fun yesterday with all the randomness that happened.   btw...rode in the bed of a truck going faster than 20 mph for the first time 
had funs talking to peps on ustream but ustream is awesome !! 
Had fuuuun tonight! On our way home. I see lots of sleep in my near future 
Had good time at the carnival, Jamie + Carl?!??!?! LOL hahahahha  your just jealous of my amazing smelly ball!!! 
had great fun at the zoo despite the rain 
had had a great few days in London writing &amp; recording more new tunes! its all getting exciting  Think the sunshines has inspired us! Woop
had had íšŒë?®ë°¥ for dinner! thanks mom!! 
Had hella fun at pennys party with some of the main best friends. Went swimming, made smores, and hung out. Congrats Sfcs Class of 2009 
had her dancing shoes on tonight and got to dance with Lucky Soul's rather handsome bass player.  Nite nite. x
had her first &quot;Its-It&quot; icecream sandwich and thinks the vanilla original is way better than the mint. 
had homemade patbingsu tonight! and my hostmom asks if i want to bring the machine home! oh its going to be a homemade ice cool summer. 
Had i lovely car ride with Briann 
had interesting mtg @ Economic Affairs about opportunities for http://tinyurl.com/OISPSS and our innovative sustainable launch! 
Had just finished reading 'My Remarkable Journey' - Larry King. I can't say how much more I respect him after I read his memoir. 
Had killer BBQ at Ron's now heading to bed early (unlike last night! 
had kipferl for lunch, mmm austrian sausage with all the extras 
had lots of dreams but forgot to write down... i was in love with someone... hmmm good dreams 
Had lots of fun at saul's bar mitzvah. Thanks @johnffreeman and @amyrchapman for the ride downtoen 
had lots of fun decorating my manager's office today, for his return back from his wedding trip. 
had lots of fun during the musical-rep! I remembered all my lines!!  Thank heaven!
Had lots of fun tonight, thanks eleuteriuses and family! happy birthday forrest 
had lots of fun with pig tail tuesday today 
had lovely w/e; sunny, gud food, xelent cmpany, gr8 2 forget lifes hiccups for a bit 
Had lunch in Marche for my bday celebration.  2 thumbs up for the good food. We'll definitely go back there to try the other dishes. 
Had lunch today wid my mates, for pani and anns bdae..it was nice, great feed and good laugh today.. 
had lunch with @gridirongoddess. It's good to see you, girl! 
had lunch with a girlfriend, thanx to her i now have a well day spent 
had ma tongue pirced yesterday woo hoo feels so mad 
Had mad fun @1Ele @BeShayBe and Dammit I cant spell her name  Marissa Well Goodnight folks
had meeting with school, went well, am SO glad people back me... Lol lunch now with Joe 
Had message from a tweep asking me to follow them! How rude-surely I'd have already followed them if I wanted to!?! The cheek of it. 
Had mothers day lunch at the Highway. 
Had my annual physical exam today. I didn't know I was so healthy! Yoga did me a lot of good. Can't wait to hit the gym on Monday. Woot! 
Had my bath. All clean and smelling pretty 
had my cold shower infused with salt - feeling fresh and human once more. lunch/dinner was hard boiled eggs with fishball soup 
had my fav bbq chicken pizza tonight yummmm 
had my first day at work and im not excited about the lay out of the place and where everything is.. o well its a job 
had my first FPT lesson today. Didn't learn anything though  
Had my first Iced Carmel Macchiato from Starbucks this year today!! Then got to enjoy the sun and have class outside in the garden! 
Had my first lesson 
Had my first photo shoot today!!  I'll have pictures later tonight prob.
had my hair rebonded  in preparation for  school this coming june  15 . i'm a senior
had my last day working together with my colleage before she leaves us.. lucky her 
Had my last exam on monday  left school now so need to be looking for a job  x
had my maths exam today. no more maths! ever! 
had nan here so went back to bed and just had fabulous lie in .... first in 8 weeks 
had nearly 10000 visits to #herebeforeaplusk since 5am this morning 
had nice spinning workout today 
had nutella croissant+mango+melon+coffee and a lovely stalk of iris for breakfast in bed courtesy of N  Have the house to myself til noon
had one hell of a day...one of the best saturdays... too tired even to post the Song of the Day...will do it tomorrow ...gnite tweeters 
had one of the best nights ever, i love early morning strolls for miles in outer leeds 
had one of the most satisfying naps ever... 
Had only 3 hours of sleep...Going to Partay since No One Is Home!!!! 
Had our first practice session today. Went well! Looking forward to the next one on Tuesday! Follow for more updates 
had over $900 in sales today at Bebe, I'm a good salesperson 
had piccie taken with Leonard Nimoy yesterday what a legend 
Had pizza   @Quirkygirl36 wouldn't have liked it - it had onions, peppers, chicken, and not a hint of tomato :-D
had pizza for dinner with the family. Glad that Leia is home again! Time for a hot bath and early bedtime tonight! Was a nice day! 
had quite a healthy breakfast n watching only fools n horses 
had quite the day.   got my sunglasses! 
Had quite the emotional day ! Grr hormones ! Yaay Cli &amp; Adam are OFFICIALLY a couple after 6months! Crazy kids .. 
had several epiphanies this weekend. No. 1: JSF is dead, Dojo is the future (as some people have been telling me for a while  )
Had shitty time at school as usual. Stupid learning common :| anyways about to go to bed. good night 
had so much fun at PCD on Tues but is sooo tired! Still catching up on sleep but it was all worth it 
had SO much fun at the festival last night! 
Had so much fun at Veronica's party 
had so much fun dancing last night, just about to go out for coffee / breakfast and a pedicure! 
Had so much fun in D.C, we didnt meet Obama but had one hell of a bachelorette for Nance  ..
had so much fun last night  I love my friends!
had so much fun last nighttt =D guys take my quiz on facebook  hahahahahha
had so much fun on the harley with sam today!  can't wait for the bike ride to the poconos with sam, mom and jeff!  
Had so much fun shopshop today... fricken heart spending hard earned $$$ on awesome stuff!!! 
Had so much fun today at the Sal River Tubing. So glad to finish off the day chillin with friends 
had so much fun today. @deviantart meeting was awesome. really cool features are coming soon. 
Had so much Fun with the Abu Dhabi Group... 
Had so much fun yesterday! is hoping this sat pushes through.. and is gonna have dinner! 
Had so much with migs, my sistahs from another mother and my new friends kimi and jeff 
Had so so much fun! Got whooped at lazor tag but its all good 
Had so. Much. Fun. I love drunk people. Apparently i am not a vegetarian, i am a pastafarian 
Had some chinese food with my dad, played a little guitar, off to church for some tech stuff, then my sister's graduation! 
had some dinner at La Huasteca, good mexican food. 
Had some fun with my friends Carol &amp; James but am TIRED now  
Had some lovely sugar puffs and just been playing with my amazing dog jack 
had some new ink done 
Had some niice pancakes for breaky  Now gonna wash my hair and sunbathe 
Had some trampoline fun,think the average age of user was 25  my nephew didn't get a look in!
had some very hot brekky  now, ready to go
had some wines and about to head out for dinnerrr 
had sooo much fun at Islands of Adventures yesterday and goin to Clearwater beach today 
had SOOOO much fun last night. Thanks Rico 
had sooooo much fun at relay, walked 20 miles and managed to drag kim, zach, and brandi along with me.  winners of team tee-shirt 2009!
Had sooooo much fun tonight 
Had sooooo... much fun at Alicia's party 
had spagitti bolanaise (can't spell it!!) it so so yummy mmmmmm 
had subway  and applied for a couple of jobs this evening .
Had such a boss night out. 
Had such a busy night! FINALLY got around to eating dinner (at almost 10pm, lol) and getting ready to curl up and unwind 
had such a fun time last night at they gymnastics show!!! Such a fun time hanging out with and having a sleepover with old teammates 
had such a fun time with allegra tonite!!! we saw 17again!! good movie 
Had such a fun time with poker night!!! Can't wait to do that again 
had such a fun weekend with Kara! Shopping, dancing and good crack 
had such a good nap....prob wont sleep tonight though.....may need to stay home tomorrow 
had such a good time at the fundraiser last night...I love my job 
Had such a good time with @cutthefool this a.m.   Can't wait to hang again!
had such a good time with my gays. now to slumber off 
had such a good week 
had such a gooood night  i should make him dinner more often. gani manelli study fail.
had such a great day yesterday and is stoked to do nothing today  yay summer
had such a great time at warrenton seeing @tgaband @thescenic @mercymercedes and meeting the ST girls! i'm soo stoked! 
Had such a great time last night  Watching Dodgeball in bed right now, so tired
had such a great weekend.....now to pass out 
Had such a relaxing weekend &amp; am ready for the busy week of designing that I have ahead of me 
had such a special birthday yesterday, climbed the Sydney harbour bridge with Ross followed by a gorgeous italian meal out on the rocks 
had suchhhhhhhhh and amazinggggggg last two days. Bedtime! 
had super duper fun last night. swervin off that vodka, ate pizza. went swimming on the rooftop today. 
had sushi for din dinns  i love sushi
had the an extrememly lazy day, kicked it, watched family guy and had homie time with fonso...now its off to bed 
had the bessst day 
Had the best afternoon with high-school buddies yesterday (Dim Sum! Yum!) and am looking forward to a lazy day today 
Had the best day  I needed this day!
Had the best day  watched my brother kick the top of the post in footy and miss from 4m out with no defence on him!! classic :p
Had the BEST day off yesterday, full of bike riding and the beach and ocean breezes.  Someone please let me know when I get to retire? 
had the best day on my little adventure  snug in bed now  &lt;3
had the best day with you today. 
had the best day yesterday at alton towers. Even caught the sun a bit 
had the best dream ever!! All the Spice Girls came over for a dinner party, and they dressed up in their old clothes especially for me! 
Had the best laugh in ages watching a DVD of Mr. Bean.  Thank God for humor. 
had the best mother's day! breakfast, shopping and lunch, drinks, chocolate galore! 
Had the best night in a long time thanks to a homeless man named torence  good night
Had The Best Night In Actual Ages Yesterday 
Had the 'best' noodles in the world !!!!! 
had the best saturday night, i wanna do that again 
had the best talk ever with the secret lover last night!    Planning a Keys weekend with bb &amp; WSC, hopefully!!!    Mornin' loves!!
HAD THE BEST TIME AT FELLOWSHIP THE MUSICAL! 
had the best time with aj at the drive-in last night.  Can't wait til camp tomorrow, so stoked. 
had the best time with her boyfriend on a cruise with the most delicious dinner and prettiest sights of vancouver  happy 3 years!
had the best time with the benson today  we ate ice cream, free chips an salsa, went rollar blading and enjoyed eachothers company!
had the car all day  made my mother brownies  i love my nancy and can't stop drinking starbucks tea  haha
Had the first weekend off... in my life... feels different to stay at home on saturdays and sundays... when u work on weekdays !!! 
had the greatest day, going into the greatest night! 
had the ''last word'' tonight! Haha 
had the little greek! YUMMMMMMMMM. BBQ 2dayy 
had the longest day ever n headin bak 2 tucson! congrats to my girl Jovone who got wifed up 2day...had hella fun at the reception 
Had the most amazing night last night  Thanks to everyone for presents/cards/making my night awseome  &lt;3
had the most amazing time this weekend. I hit the clubs up in Milwaukee real hard. Major Hang Over but whateva!!!! Awesome Time 
Had the most complete day. I did everything I wanted to do. 
had the most fucking amazing fantastic outstanding unexplainably unbelievable surreal real dreamy like day every!!  Night ya'll
Had the most perfect day yesterday.. I hope today won't disappoint me 
Had the most stressful morning ever!! Chilling with a sandwich before my meeting. Hope everyone is good. 
had the most wonderful, most heart warming conversation with @UncleWeed  - A true genius in all realms!  I'm so blessed to know him!! 
Had the oddist convo n facebook wit tresea and tranny about dykes ! God i lov them ! Cnt wait to c jojo wensday ! 
had the same thing for dinner as the Lakers: Chicken Nuggets. It was tasty 
Had the time of my life last night  I love my friends...and Newport....and navy boys hehe
had the time of my life today....   
Had the urge to tweet 
Had the worst sleep ever last night,at the office all day exhausted... but buying two pairs of shoes in an hour makes it ok! 
had three free periods today. ESL tutorial which we can't be in class while the group is presenting, Acc's lecturer absent and no moral! 
Had to change my password, I forgot, I'm old. 
had to do made a twitter 
Had to do primer again due to mixup at Lowes, looking for pic frames and furniture at Target tmrw. Leftover sushi to look forward to! 
had to drop off these girls last night before going out to not get Adrian in trouble with the wife  lol
had to get back on real quick @ImJustMylan hit me on Myspace and said I wasn't following him back...there ya go boo  0K, G00DNiTE N0W!
Had to go on the computer this morning to wish Tom good luck! 
Had to leave the #IEEE open day to attend my class. @KhalidAlzanki Yes indeed 
Had to move hosting from Rackspace cloud to Hostgator dedicated servers - site wasn't built to suit cloud! New servers are ultra fast 
Had to pause Intervention when my job counselor got here I think she's a former addict. My appointment's over I guess I'll try to sleep. 
had to rt that before i walk out the door hehe..later taters 
Had to run through London Victoria but just managed to cut half hour off my train time home! On games at crossroads tonight 
Had to wake up to feed the baby lamb! 
Had today off. I will be back in the salon tomorrow.  
had too much fruit punch :] heheh. still talking to juju on skype 
had too much fun with glitttah eyeliner 
had too much of my yummy sinigang 
had two awesome team-taught classes with Alex and Jeremy @ Bladium - classes to remeber indeed  @ Duboce Ave &amp; Sanchez St
had two awful and weird dreams but its cool cause i'm going ziplining today 
Had usual Sunday lunch w/inlaws. Steak,potato,broccoli,carrots,squash, roll.Delish. But glad there's more variety Mon-Sat. 
had very good time last night! 
had way to much fun at the races last night. got to her jonathan 
had yummy telur roti MissyCheerio &amp; Evo! yummy in my tummy! i is now drinking detox tea! wow! that rhymes! hehe! 
hadd 2 roti canai n 1 roti pisang for breakfast. shud keep my stomach at peace for a good few hours. i hope. if not.. subway cookies yum 
Hadn't been on a skateboard since fifth grade!? Wonder why they didn't have wrist guards for adults in the skateboard section! 
Hae a nice night 
hafta go.  am going 2 bed now ginite!! 
Hafta try on a tuxedo. 
Hah funny day today! Dropped the f*** bass on the floor. Thank god hes allright!  yes he, he's name is jake 
hah Im in walmart  time to put a smile on
Hah i'm up for seconds 
Hah just watched a report on BBC Breakfast about Twitter, made me laugh 
HAH my B-day wow! 
hah screww finals, its basically summerr yo 
hah sumbody in flickr luv my pic 
Hah Yeah! 
Hah! My kids enjoy a good tickkle!! I'm happy  sure tonight cannot sleep hehehehehe
hah! so bored 
HAH!! Danish Politician just said &quot;bitch&quot; on TV.. Love when politicians are calling each other names.. 
Hah, just realized, with less than 90 minutes to go, that today was my 1 year anniversary at my new job in CA - Yay! me 
Hah, what a beginnin' of a day  tell her we love her just like we love u! Have a nice day (: @CHRIS_Daughtry
haha   come on now negroach.
Haha  - Rodolfo: ****** is such a b*****. Me: If i see her in person i'm going to pull her hair, and have... http://tumblr.com/xzx1ykip4
haha  even my dog doesn't like the movie.  Guess I'm not the only wimp in the household.  
haha  i want to talk now too.
HAHA  thats funny im not cubby  gtg bye
haha  yeah i diiiiiiiiiiid!
HA-HA ! I get to go home early  except this time its forreals cause I feel like throwing up D:
haha .. Friends are more than words can say  
HAHA : sexyhairphobia &gt;) ilu saralaw.  and kristineT. ! dahahaa , ???!   feel like eating some sour patches(: ! lets talkk ,
Haha @colinloretz is my costume man today..I try it on and he gives me thumbs up or down  haha rock! He is the Bestie friend a girl needs
Haha @compassion123 yeh apparently  I agree on the weirdness factor.
Haha @frazzleyeah, i stayed up most the night watching wwe judgement day on pay per view 
haha @greenj has written a piece on Crikey being accepted as PROPER media http://twurl.nl/iwg012 &lt;- sounds like bloggers  #TheAustralian
haha @Hayl3eMarie just said she hates her too, OBV thats a sign, LOL @Hayl3eMarie lets be friends 
Haha @jakeyoh @AliceLagnado I'm glad you liked the video! 
haha @JDM___ congratulations 
Haha @rbohlender - preach it!  Haha I'm not mad.  
haha @strangestlover u should let us borrow it! and u cam borrow true blood when were finished 
haha @TheEllenShow ... include the flight from Germany?  ... too good to be true ...  
haha @TravisGarland better step his game up before @RASOfficial takes all his fans! hehe, okay, i'm gone for the night. SLEEP TIME! 
Haha 2!!!! But the question is how did they get in there????? 
Haha 8 o'clock fridays!!! Loveee them  NOT...
Haha alright!! That sounds like a VERY good plan  sure you wanna buy them?
haha and this motorcycle  http://twitpic.com/67m4e
haha and thomas's pj's are the bombbbb  i am so spraying travis with the hose tomorrow..shhhh it's a secret tho 
Haha as if this song doesnt apply to you too taba 
haha baby mama never gets old  went to the hay swings last night
Haha betty white's character on golden girls is hilarious. 
haha bonnies a little exited  aaah i forgot how good pizza tastes
haha Brian Dobson: &quot;is this the collapse of the Ahern machine?&quot; to Maurice Ahern.  24% to 12% is a disaster for FF.  #irishelection
haha cute... love to eat haha  http://twitgoo.com/mvja
Haha Dave Navarro's birthday is today...and i just saw him ! 
haha drawing T-Lautners abs are delight 
haha fuctup looks kinda like fruitcup.. 
haha globe users only!!  if u dont like to.. then dont!! haha
haha greattt day !!!  mwhahahaha im naughty ;P
Haha hah... I did tweet that the series'll most likely end at 4-2 and that the lakers are going all the way...hah  grinning
Haha Happy Star Wars Day!  &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; - clever
Haha he said that. Not me. Thats why it had the &quot;&quot; marks around it 
Haha HELP! I love story time at the races with everyone 
Haha hey dummie you can't drive w/ the parking cone stuck under the car....classic 
Haha how funny is Garbo? 
haha I apologize for all these tweets, but it's JONAS Day  and I can't help it. You need to go buy #LVATT
HAHA i approve of Antique Bakery 
Haha i busted my way through the crowds, got my dress and i'm back out! Woo! Heading home 
haha I can see Wi in this commercial for Public Enemies 
haha i changed my picture but i think ima change it change it back 
haha I did it once again 
Haha i feel like buying a zebra and riding off into the night while spreading world peace to hobos. 
Haha i has a life again. Tomoro: badminton session and Star Trek at IMAX. 
haha I have all the cyrus added  
Haha i just noticed my blanket blends into the couch. I'm hiding  i love you Zach 
HAHA i just realized i had a beauty mark on the bottom of my feet 
haha i just watch a funny ass video on youtube  made my day
haha i just worked out how to post pictures on this. TWITPIC  this is so good 
haha I kept waiting for a commercial bc I have to pee, and just remembered im watching a dvd. 
haha I love all my twitter bugs on here. 
haha i love my new profile picture it maketh me lol grrr...tell me something i don't know is stuck in my head again....i love it 
haha i love the older couple that is playing at wimbledon  theyr funny
Haha I miss you too tia 
Haha i slept for 8 hours today and now it's almost 5 n i can't go to sleep. I'm gonna force myself to sleep now.... Night night. 
Haha i think i messed the lyrics up in my last tweet. Whoops 
haha i wanna see guys and dolls! i was in guys and dolls jr. in middle school! 
Haha i wanna see UP.  take me. Text me. 
haha i was jking its not that bad. it mwans i can sluff work and do what i want 
HAHA i was singing a tina turner song to my mom with a mouth full of cheerios, and i started laughing and i spit them all out on accident 
Haha i wish i had this bio teacher she makes like songs for people 
haha if @drewryanscott needed screaming loving fans who know BSB songs he coulda just asked me 
haha if one more person tells me i look like sanaa lathan..not that thats a bad thing 
haha if you could see my couch without it's covers.  Embarassing.
Haha I'm 19 n my mom still makes me Mickey Mouse pancakes  my madre is the best http://twitpic.com/7hs5y
haha im bored with Cynthia!  WOOT WOOT~
haha I'm bored! I think I'll go watch a movie  BBL
haha im calling 
haha im from sweden so the time is diffrent . haha i just came home from school. 
Haha I'm gonna be keeping the current one for quite sometim 
Haha im sleepy but today is a great day 
HAHA im so burnt! but i have a cute star 
Haha I'm so hungry I can't even type. 
Haha I'm so new at this twitter mobile thing. I'm so amazed right now  I wonder if this costs a lot :| my phone bill!
haha im still awake  never went to sleep..pulled an all nighter wif Kayla...going to Cedar Point ina couple hrs  wanna talk? txt cwll 
Haha im such a Bitch and i love It 
haha Italo cant see this . ONLY CAROLINA NOES WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT  lmfaooo
haha its the shit tho and i can already see your having fun  speaking of work.. are you again anytime soon?
Haha its too difficult for ur mind to understand. Dont stress urself out honey  im in th same boat but actually ive been stuck in ur eyes
haha jc! sorry cant reply on my phone.. we will sooon hun! 
haha Jesse McCartney is playing in the bathhrooooommmm, thanks to SEAN! hahahah  duras muncho guey haha JK JK
Haha jesus christ sweatshirt. The things I do in you! 
haha jills a sleep i have taken over her computer... next her room haha.. WAKE UP JILLY.... before ur room is all messed up... even more 
haha jls have 8,888 followers. well they did when i just checked. 
haha just perfect I conect to YT and I see th newest @TheRealRyanHiga video XD it made my day  http://bit.ly/ii2wP
haha just took the last beer  i hope me and him go away 
haha just watched american idol and bikini girl got OWNED !! lol go kara !! haha so funny, her face was like &quot;wtf r u doing?&quot; 
haha live tv shows are fucking awesome!!  lmao
haha LMAO at Gordan Ramsay   Great work @RoveOnline
haha LUNCH BUNCH! Blasting music hahahaa 
haha made my dad follow emma hahaha. In such a strange mood, im going to spread my happiness with other people  ;)
haha me dad didnt believe me when i said i had to stay on for homework 
Haha me steff n Tash when the hot 30. Was calling me 
Haha my battery is at 69% 
haha my dad just discovered youtube, it's quite funny; today was fun w/ kirsten &amp; savannah 
haha my friend thinks its sad that i get excited over good coffee 
haha my life is so good sometimes 
haha nevermind @jonasbrothers are now on sports center 
Haha nice courtney! Dont miss shift haha! 
Haha nice rofl  I'm still playing xbox yay!
haha noo internet was playing up couldn't get on it 
haha not that kinda ram and this girl was fat and ur not fat so ha but sure ill ram u again  i like weed lol sorry bout that last one
Haha oh good then  she prob hate's me now
Haha papparazi again + Robert Downey jr.(aka iron man) This date is legit 
haha posting a picture onto Twitpic. 
haha ready ^^ now looking for more russian music  I love it ?
haha realized today my dad says &quot;back home&quot; not &quot;in England&quot; I like that  he has his priorities 
haha Reese on the Ellen Show. Hilarious! 
Haha sean just called me a fag hag because I hang with him and he's gay  nigga rolls a bomb ass blunt. And his complexion is so nice!!!
haha slumdog millionaire begining that turns into twilight, love the MTV Movie Awards and Andy Samberg &lt;3 
haha so bored...but happy mothers day! 
haha so funnn today, had a water fight 
Haha so many girls were looking at my peirced nipples lol made me smile 
Haha so not used to this whole twitter thing from my phone! Watching the movie awards  Yay can't wait for the twilight trailer 
haha some ppl need to get over themselves your making everyone throw up in there mouth...anyways going to bed suuuper early..busy week! 
Haha some women on my train keeps randomly singing outloud. It's hillarious! 
Haha still addicted to omgpop/iminlikewithyou 
Haha text me individually if ya want to talk.  thank you ashley! Your smart. 
Haha that guy who thought he had won in the Moto GP and started celebrating a lap early!! Unlucky! 
Haha thats what i thought  ha good save
haha the first time i use my own ID to buy alcohol 
haha the pic i have is of some random dude the i thought was cool so i took a pic of him 
HAHA THIS CONVERSATION WAS FUN BUT NOW IM TIRED! GNITE!!!!!!! 
haha this is so funnny!!!! 
haha this kid is awesome, i think 
haha today was fun fun fun  had lunch with my all time fav, Debby ;)
haha tonight was ridiculous but still fun hahah. anyway.. goodnightt 
haha totally forgot... Rico Tubbs on the guest mix this week on NSB 
haha Tweet Tweet!!!!! LOVES TWITTER PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS!!!  K&amp;G&amp;CAMBFF&amp;ILTSM!!!!!!
Haha uhm so going to sit in the hot tub in the nice hotel!  having a great time... Sort of
haha umbrella hats should be used more often  http://twitpic.com/6tnrv
Haha virgin mary on a pick-up truck seems to be following them too  #lebanonelections
haha watching shane's videos, then going out tonight 
Haha watching skins. I feel like listening to short stack 
Haha we got our tickets for the Blink-182 concert  TANK YOU CINDYYYYYY =D Lovee yaa !!! MWAAAAH
haha we ll i played netball today and my team won 12-4 so that was pretty cool 
Haha well in Diversity! They derserved it! 
Haha well you can pretend its chelsea 
haha who am i kidding i'll finish tomorrow  watching some tv, then going to sleep
Haha wow great album 
haha wow!! him too? 3 outa 4 ... not gonna happen thou  
haha Wuhuuu^^ Sara wins &quot;Germany's next Topmodel&quot;!!! I'm soo happy she was the best 
Haha yea yea i'm gettin paid   Mrz.Dworth! &lt;3
haha yeah lindsey that is kinda bad! but he will be fine dont worry about it  im thinking he will be home from the hospital soon
Haha yeah we're the twigs  my friend can put her fingers round my upper thigh
haha -yeah, right, baka me  re: http://ff.im/2doPM
haha yeahh New Moon looks lame. ^^ Alice is.... still sooo pretty, though! 
haha yes we must always believe in #musicmonday ..nothing but awesome as far as the eye can see.Im ready for sum fun: hacky sack + Jam = 
Haha yess making maria get a twitter 
Haha your so cute Emilie.  me too i hate school sometimes.
Haha your wig choice is better than his though. Well usualy anyway 
haha you're such a nerd go to bed  @ohmygoshHeaven
HAHA!  Now Rocky is sleeping ON my foot!  Too bad I need it back so I can hop in the shower 
HAHA!  That's cute. Good one. 
haha! and i just got an email that truth is now following me on Twitter  A sign that I need to do away with the obscure mind games?
haha! first Twt.Fm link.. well, it works fine.. 
Haha! Genius! Wii is not ONLY for kids= http://bit.ly/PxtJQ  
haha! good thing i saved marvin in the computer cause then i wouldn't be able to see him anymore! 
Haha! I love Sasha baron Cohen's outfit 
Haha! I meant to say Saturday! Had a blondie moment. Bringing fresh cinnamon rolls &amp; flat of local strawberries home to the kiddos now. 
HAHA! i'll take that one back! I kept hitting the same button 611 times after the picture was already saved.. ANYWAY! theres the pic 
haha! It's not really morning, well i guess it is, but ya, i didn't acually wake up this late, don't worry.   
haha! i've juzt watched a ghost movie ) It's funny ) Now I feel good 
Haha! My life is about as exciting as Dan Gaffney's regrigerator coil cleaning weekend activities!! hehe! [Don't feel bad Dan  ]
Haha! Mythbusters are doing a myth I emailed to them. (and presumably many other people did too) STill will be cool to see the outcome 
Haha! Now i want to run out and get pierced  and yeah those are my crazy drawings. . . We are odd sisters. . . Lol
Haha! On TV = Old school Radiohead 
haha! says who?! HELLA EMOTIONAL WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE A PENGUIN TO MAKE FUN OF ANYMORE! teheheheheeh 
Haha! Want are you talking about? Ha. I haven't even seen the commercial. Yah!!! I got the UP app 
haha! we have progress here! 
haha!! I love my family!!! Italy TOMORROW!! 
Haha!!! Korn is FUNNY!!  ugh... If I drink any more $10 beers , I'm going to... Get fat! :/
Haha,  when i went to the park with my friends i fell. it hurted but aahh i'm okay 
haha, @SweetBritBrit okay, well I'm random myself. Thanks for following, feel free to @ me anytime. Thanks for making me laugh this AM. 
Haha, boardwalk was fun! Tomorrow is a lazy day! 
haha, can i help isabel? 
haha, didn't post in a long time. but i have a new idea, from now on I'll try to post in japanese only for practice 
Haha, evil piggy has no ears now  http://tinyurl.com/ksk4qz
Haha, finished first ep of Ouran. 
haha, first xtal done...now ill just have to wait...ill upload some pics when its done 
Haha, I just upgraded my imac to a 1.5TB drive. That is bigger than even provided by apple on the top model 
Haha, I love how the fact that Titanic was randomly showing on TNT today incited enough &quot;tweets&quot; to constitute a &quot;trending topic.&quot; 
haha, i love you 
Haha, internet vanished just as I was signing off. G'night, @neongreencookie and @saraolive! Sweet dreams 
haha, Josh agrees with me that Attack! Attack! do sound like fall out boy  -uberawesomelaurawinsface-
Haha, just wrestled my phone off of the boys. Sorry Twitter for any weird tweets! 
Haha, laughing at their cuhrazyyyy dance steps! 
haha, leaving the church :X I am way to casually dressed. I shall change for cede  can't wait till we crash today ; D
haha, love the simplicity of this site  http://www.istwitterdown.com
Haha, Mr Burley. Great email. 
Haha, no chopper's remorse (@Uhmanduh) and yes, there will be photos, hopefully soon! (@KnittingFynatyc, @knit1purr2, and @JmsMorley) 
haha, ok!  &lt;3 it'll be a thick bracelet, is that okay? @amy
Haha, one can't xD but i finished it none the less 
Haha, shhhh, look what I'm working on today and next week   http://twitpic.com/6ootq
Haha, still laughing at the hangover! 
Haha, Teagarden burns em   4-1 #rangers
Haha, that sucks. Im gonna sleep in  and you have that thing at 6 on sunday @sublimejnn
Haha, the power got cut a bout a min ago for 15 mins, i was in the dark in my room all alone with the computer on 
haha, they just called Trace, 'Miley's little brother' on the radio  he's 5 years older than her.
haha, this is a crack-up! talk about hicks! lawlz  my, oh, my!
Haha, watch this http://bit.ly/2S3xlc  and follwow this @peterfacinelli 
haha, watching dean put some nivea sample thing on his face 'wtf are you doing?' 'revitalising my skin' LMAO  
Haha,having test in Computer since.  Who wanna help me? :/
haha. @delta_goodrem quantum physics ? wth is that. yes. prime-minister Delta  i stayed up late reading gossipgirl :S youknowyouloveme &lt;3
Haha. Alright. 
Haha. At least i win. 
haha. awesome. i can send pics from my phone  I'm easily amazed by technology
Haha. Because I use twidroid. For the g1. Ohhhh. Now you're not the cool one 
Haha. For the first time in years, im wearing stick on earings. 
Haha. Freedom was awesome.! 
Haha. I got scolded for playing You Can over and over and over again  Haha. Sheesh, my mom's got issues xD
Haha. I love how the illustrator of the kid's show 'Fosters Home For Imaginary Friends' also draws naked women, a lot. 
Haha. i never will have to jump outa window to get away from a crying bitch again 
haha. I nominated myself for the MS Twitterworld for fun  yay!
haha. i notice my bangs change everyday! i should cut it next week 
Haha. I'm excited leona. 
Haha. Now I know why I'm happy about the rain  It's cause i can drink hot choco again. Haha  I love hot choco. â™¥
haha. Pete just discovered that one of the rabbits (i suspect Ollie) ate the shoelaces of one of his good shoes. 
Haha. That'd be fun KT. 
haha. today was fun. but tonight is whacked! 
haha. watched 2 straight hours of George Lopez with mommy  blissful night &lt;3
Haha. Yeah. He most definitely is. 
Haha..  I found four more people to actually *follow* :]
Haha.. Happy 25th Birthday.. TETRIS!    &lt;-- Now its not everyday i get to say something as CRAZY as that ;D xo
haha..&quot;we have to have a sitdown.&quot; ...oh dear. 
haha... April 16th. FINAL ANSWER 
Haha... Becca see you want to see the jonas brothers as much as we do. 
haha... Chess on Roller Coasters. http://xkcd.com/chesscoaster/  I think I wanna do that 
Haha... hahaha... my level 18 dorfette has a sea turtle 
haha... I still am not finished readying &quot;Kapitan Sino&quot;... I am so lazy! But honestly... that book is really good!  we all should have one
haha... that was funneh   http://tr.im/oxz7
Haha...my dad wants me to drive to the store for bread   good thing the car has insurance....lol
Haha...my profile picture is exactly like me.. 
Haha...my proof of age card hasnt got a number-none in WA do...the chinese lady wouldnt book me in...thanks 'who cares pomm' for doing it 
haha...the money that I wanted to fall from the sky...it did!!! Thank you, God and all those who have given of themselves 
haha...watching the &quot;another cinderella movie&quot;  @selenagomez is such a cutie 
Haha; had a good time at church.  Now i'm just reading and wait for wrestling tomorrow. lol.
haha; its funny; my &quot;recommended for you&quot; on youtube, is always Tokio Hotel. haha i dont mind, i love them &lt;3 
haha~ gambatte kudasai, oyasumi nasai~ romaji version le.. confirm still dont get it. xD jiaqi! we got the same numbers! 
hahaaa, i got up like 2 hours ago.  LOL
hahaaa, im following Sienna on twitter.  and she's probably completely oblivious to it.
Hahaaa,the rain fall so hard like i said,and i often hear sound of thunder!It's quietly spooky,but still love the rain!Cold! 
hahaah what am i doing?! haha thanks manang for errthang  loves ya! LA LA bound!
HAHAAHA The 3-match ODI series between Pakistan and Australia is called Chappal Cup.. err actually Chapal Cup! 
Hahah - I love the terms for use of this font  http://www.dafont.com/christopherhand.font
hahah  my laptop is nice and warm  think its cos the sun ;)
Hahah  tell me gina why is that?
hahah fucking feels good  but really tired. blah I think I'm going to bed early tonight.
Hahah i know... But im so glad i went  stories!
Hahah I love how I just said 'film' instead of movie to Lo of all people. teehe im silly  night tweeps
hahah i meant ate 
hahah proper banging time tday tbh, doing the hoedown throwdown in toys r us and sining rockstar at the top of our voice, haha so funny! 
hahah thats lol 
Hahah theres something about girls from indiana... 
Hahah thunderr im outside for pe suckss eggs  i  want to kiss in  the rsin 
hahah well happy to be converted and i got my picture up. 
hahah wow what a night... love those boys 
HAHAH... WORRIED ABOUT TONIGHT DRAMA PERFOMANCE AT 7 @ SCHOOL..CALL ME IF U WANNA GO. 
Hahaha  Dr. Miracles is on the new KY Intense commercials. If you haven't seen Dr. Miracles  - http://bit.ly/XnuEu
hahaha  how is everyone?
Hahaha  Robert Pattinson is hoooottttt and Shia Labeouf :3
hahaha  yay go sharks about time they win
Hahaha @ Cougars2602 Right on! I love it! 
hahaha @IkeBot is SUCH nonsense 
Hahaha anyway, just save save save or earn more so one can have more to spend 
hahaha at broadway. disappointed i couldnt get mitchy's cd. happy i'm here with my friends listening to criss angel 
hahaha at dennys with the homies &lt;33. 
HAHAHA AWHHH I JUST FOUND THE BIT WHEN DYLAN GAVE ME HIS PICK!! 
hahaha by the time u see this, u'd have watched drag me to hell. 
hahaha hey look its junior and Garyyyyy!  oh good times. http://twitpic.com/6spud
hahaha hmmm... that's a tough one....should come see me soon  x
hahaha i got a packageeeee  and it has ryan star in it :p well kindaa xD it was exciting
Hahaha I keep visualizing last nights MTV Movie awards when Sasha Baron Cohen stuffed his sack in Eminem's face!!  So awesome. 
Hahaha I know that it doesn't have meat on it so ha  yay more stuff to do on the project
hahaha i laugh hard at the bye bye byee part..&lt;333 harry&amp;dannys dances are classic. 
Hahaha i love young peoples meetings.. 
hahaha i think i have the best g&amp;m quotes. thank u @iamthecommodore for being a REBEL 
Hahaha I think I'm JUST going to make it  yay!
Hahaha I told you  http://tinyurl.com/m4wad3
HAHAHA II LOVE YOU GOODNIGHT 
hahaha im refusing 2 revise! Just sitting outside on msn eating a bloo lolly HAHA MY TONGUE IS BLOO!!! 
Hahaha I'm tellng you! Woooo  -Elisa
Hahaha just finished working out sucka 
Hahaha just heard a commercial on the radio &quot;not even if you were all 3 jonas brothers&quot;  lol. She must be pretty serious!
hahaha just read taylor swifts blog  im nocturnal too 
hahaha keeping up with the kardashians is freakin' hilarious! I kinda want a bby monkey!  kris makes it look so easy lmao
hahaha kinda cuz i was fixing my septum and i was trying to be all smooth about it haha. thats a lil creepy 
Hahaha like 5 folks today told me that my photo isn't working.. I know, I know I'm kinda irresistible so it's a pretty big deal 
Hahaha looosers  I love you. Goodnight.
Hahaha never again 
hahaha no were gonna watch the terminator at 605 then we'll run right over there!!!!!!! kayyyyyy?  why do you have to do it till 11?
Hahaha ok got some bud, played Xbox360(real one LOL), now smoking a cigarette and about to sleep 
hahaha okayyyy. well just be in my house at like 12:50 
Hahaha sean promised to show we some poems he wrote when he was like 12. Cant wait for wednesday 
hahaha thanks  ... yeah, I'm just PO'd to be awake. grrrrr. going to try again in a minute...
Hahaha thanks for the jonas update peeps 
hahaha thanx Lily 
hahaha these were fun  glowingmustacheesssssss
hahaha three person slipnsliding  saaay what. text me byeee
hahaha Twitter is a good way to get information! 
Hahaha well im on twitter hahah annd i had netball and we lost so tht was Just Plain Stupid lol appart from tht nothing haha 
HAHAHA We're saving them for Tonight's Show!!!  @xdenise @TWBD are you guys putting on the siqq tats too?
Hahaha when I cannot find an extension to python it's an unusual thing to me 
hahaha yay, i'm on period now  No swimming!
hahaha yea im like GAH *butterflies HAY JACOB   @twebbstack
HAHAHA you've got dysentery 
hahaha!  here's a musical dedication to @eveblackorwhite and @gchance   â™« http://blip.fm/~7qoi6
hahaha! honey, im far from 'normal' -  but just prefer elvis    @Mr_Bloggerific
Hahaha, dont you just love what ellen says on this thing? i def DO! 
hahaha, i had so much fun youtube-ing 
hahaha, jsem z Rakouska. yeah. I am so a NERD. Studying for my czech final. that is in 6hrs  ha. ANGST.
Hahaha, my mum's singing in the kitchen. I love when she's in a good mood. A right jolly night is always fun! 
hahaha, yes i do think kevin is veryyy sexy! 
Hahaha,meeting with my cupcake tomorrow  Oww,how I missed her +.+ Long time no see... =&quot;)
hahaha. i finally got a &quot;new&quot; haircut. i had to get up at 10am. too early for me. D: ach und Krissi, mach dir endlich twitter. 
Hahaha. I got to see a couple of mexicans wretle on my front lawn (sorry tony but ur mom owned you).  
hahaha. i'm still learning about twitter... 
hahaha. in the club. just need to make the best of it 
Hahaha. Mexico, Honduras, and El Salvador are trending topics. How come? Hmmm... 
Hahaha.. wicked!! Couldn't be more true! http://bit.ly/19VEcL
hahaha... 2 IT people and one tech recruiter  small world =b
hahaha: 26 following, 26 followers, 260 updates! how cool  except now its 261
HAHAHAH cousin dpt PLKN. ceh. dia kena pergi. i takpayah 
hahahah nahhh jk im homebased errbody 
hahahah. ohh barnabasss  BUT I DIDN'T SEE AUTUMN! ): i'm gonnna cry..
Hahahaha almost forgot I finally got my pepsi from @da7thl3tt3r tonite! 
Hahahaha emily do u remember the pink an blue juicy's. Well i have a blue one now! hay-layy 
Hahahaha i will drive like that probly lol 
Hahahaha, he's so lame!! lmao. I'm about to showahhh, then idk what. Probably sleep because I don't know if anyone's awake. Lame-o's 
hahahaha. found my year 10 planner. Jo telling me to &quot;bloody chill&quot; because of what we nicknamed the &quot;sheet incident&quot;. hahahaha.  x
hahahaha. i love teasing my younger sister!  hahahaha
hahahaha. I think it's great that Twitter has a twitter 
HAHAHAHA. Playing the Speed Racer DVD game. It is HILARIOUS.  So worth the laughs.
Hahahahaaa I have paint all over mee&lt;3 I was painting my rocket bottle with Kayla.., 
HAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAA!!! @mileycyrus THANKYOU THANKYOU THANKYOU! uk tourdatess!! yayyy!! 
Hahahahaha i rember when i riped that william picture out of one of claires mags. I beated zoe to it 
hahahahaha the things people say! 
Hahahahaha you guys are wild! Has william's manly place recovered? 
hahahahaha yous a cancer baby, sicky! yous a sumer baby like me 
HAHAHAHAHAHA seriously uh well we can wait 4 michelle 2 get here and we can go get something from mcdonalds  or sonic  either 1 its good
hahahahahaha that sentence kinda makes me cracking up  but of course i'd be the 95%!!
Hahahahahaha! . . . Aw, remembering good times alone makes me miss @samantha247.  can't wait until that movie comes ouuuut!! 
hahahahahaha! feeling pressured of bein a snior!  thinking about what course im goin to take
Hahahahahaha.Thanks JB for reminding me of the game ping pong 
hahahahahahaha. rad drive.  Mt Gravatt tomorrow for a show 
hahahahahahahaha. Little people, big world i fun-neh today 
hahahahahahayyyzzz another day of practice.. hehe be sure to watch on April 26, 6 pm here at ICS 
Hahahha tooo much eye liner!! 
HAHAHHAA ED sound like pauline hanson. sad. go shaun 
hahahhahaha watching bbf 
hahahhahahaaaaaaa....what a night 
hahahhahahha!mtv awards r hilourus lol 
hahash i love da vinci code tooo!!
hahh wtf i didnt even know i had a truth box on myspace now its up someone sayed i bite to hard i say psh baby 
hahh, I am officially done with this semester! looking forward tothe next one, hopefully with less shitty classes 
Hahhaha. i dont think so. Were going to ihop before we go. 
hahhh. gym was pretty awesome today 
Hahhha cassie just walked into the room laughing her ass off going 'you guys... i'm drunk!' fucking loooove her 
Hai Ho! Hai Ho! Its off to School I Go!!  ONEEE DAY! &lt;3
Hai, anyone wanna hang? 
Haibao and Shanghai all over the Jing. I'm loving this. 
haii michael i know youre reading this 
haiii  am Just Sitting about On This . Just Joined Dunno What To Doo Soo Yous Doing ? It's 10.34am In Scotland 
hair all done  and he actually complimented it! woah lol
Hair and make up and than hopefully off to cell phone store. 
hair and makeup done! now a quick pitstop home for stockings &amp; jacket, then to @hesa's so i can borrow her dress, then dinner @ Jackson's 
Hair and Makeup for my night out with the girls! 
hair and music!loves the morning 
Hair appt, laying out then shoppping! 
hair coloring with eileen. then work. 
hair cut.. pool cleaned, shower time and then galaaa with Kate 
Hair dye! I's is now ready for Pride day 
Hair finally washed and braided, pj's on, suggling into bed with Glo Worm and a movie 
Hair gorgeous, makeup done  I feel pretty!
hair is so short i love it  lgu;oadsbgfuoaisbgu. and its sunny in syracuse. makes me sooo happy.
hair lookin LOVELY. kickin it w/ moms all day..now time for some fun 
hair salon doing the pelo w. mini-me  then nails
Hair seriously smells like someone threw a cigarette butt in it last night.. ugh, but nonetheless had a great time out last night  #FB
haircut a while ago! had a big dinner in our garden with relatives in the compound. 
Haircut time! Chop it off! Chop it off! 
Haircut today 
Haircut today and shows tonight 
haircut, cleaning, and then a tour of the new hangar and the return&amp;reunion briefing at the current hangar! 
haircut? or not?? Hmmm.. maybe next week. 
Haircutttt... I'm an emo boy now 
Hairs did, make up and clothes and i'm good to go 
hairspray show last night was soo fun  seeing jonas brothers concert in 3D today EEEP! cant wait to see you (L)Jackkkk.(L) love ya xxx
haiszt.. im here in the office doing nothing but tweet haha! fun! 
Hakuna Matata it means no worries for the rest of dayssss.  its a problem free, philisophy &quot;hakuna matata&quot;. Love that movie. Lion King 
halbe minute noch?  #placebo
Haley loves me. @austincarlile  walked passed us and i got his attention. he loves us. together we are kayley hahaha. 
Haley stop stalking me soo much jeez hahaha 
half an hour 2 go and im done yes im gone 4 a day den bacck 2 work but im done 
Half an hour until the show (listen live at www.FreeWestRadio.com). Today is open phone forums, so bring it on! 
Half awake and still thinking about nonsense want red jello for some reasson 
Half day at work - picking up my Whites and heading to NY. Do I have everything? @NYCNavygirl should help me if I forget my belt   #NYCFW
Half day in the office  Does anyone have any really exciting plans for the long weekend?
Half day of finals today  Wish me good luck! I'm very nervous!
half day today. paranoid. 
half day tomoz!!!!!!  listening to Pour Some Sugar On Me by Def Leppard!!!!!!! 
Half days rock 
Half of me wants to go code while I'm 'full of life' - the other half dreads picking through such a mess in the morning. Sleep it is 
Half of my dream come true  but now im confused and scared but excited and happy
Half pint of Blue Bell Ice cream. Right out of the carton. Cures the blues 
half sleep at workkk wompp someone save me. 
Half term - software upgrade for home PCs with early morning coffee - what could be nicer?  #fb
Half the team is done. Waiting to cheer on the other half. 
Half time at Boro. 1-0 to Man U. Great goal from the Welsh Wizard. 
Half time. We're winning, but need to learn how to run, not just kick. 
Half watching Lucille Ball and Bob Hope in &quot;Fancy Pants&quot;...funny! Such an old movie, with singing and dancing even. 
Half way through Prison Break S04E19. 
half way through voting... this list is long and I think about 3 of each category deserve to win, think I'll vote for everyone each day 
halfday!  today seems like it needs an adventure!
half-life 2 episode one download complete 
HALF-LIFE: FULL LIFE CONSEQUENCES!!!!!! 
half-sleeping with the cat 
Halfway done with my bio drawings  then english extra creditt.
Halfway through publishing!  Yessss
Halfway through the Endless Setlist 2! 42/84 
Half-way to one hundred pushups 
Halla Miss Haloom  .. how are you dear? am doing fine so far but .. eeem worrying about rationale project.. Allah eyaseer inshallah 
HallÃ¶le 
halle berryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  #whocangetit
Hallelujah! I'm free of my corporate shackles! It's now officially the beginning of the Fizzy weekend, yay! 
HALLELUJAH! I've finally finished my Careers assignment! The feeling of finishing a task is great, you have no idea. Or maybe you do. lol 
Halleluyah!!! there's hope ryuuki and shuurie are gonna be together 
Hallllloooo my dear HelloHello.netters and Twitterers!  I'll need matchsticks to keep my eyelids open like in Tom n' Jerry Lol :
hallo  super fun day today! ^-^ off for a BBQ in a little while, enjoying the sunshine 
hallo !!  today is ...... ???? .......
Hallo @fraands @crazytwism @d33pak @crucifire @keeda .. Happy Sunday! 
Hallo @ruusuchan, @phatsee03, and @bhiegaile. Let's tweet~ tweet~ tweet! 
hallo love, I'm wonderful thanks 4 askn how'r u doing? 
Hallo tweetfriends....its now in germany 11:08 in the morning 
Hallo Wales, can I get a witness 
hallo.. im chatting with my buddies..  to all the followers, nice to know all of you.. 
halloween is gonna be insane! I would say my idea but I don't want it to be stolen 
halo my name is sarah 
halo song...reminds me of?.... idk but michael ealy so super sexxy 
Halo timeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee wit Franchise... dang nicca save some kills for me 
'Ham Chlormint kyon khaate hain bala?' good one w/ Sallu  http://tr.im/nHw1
Hamburg I am coming! 
Hamburg yesterday was great 
hamish and andy ! 
Hamish and andy on rooooove 
hamish and andysss on rove tonight 
hamish and andyyy should be on roveeee everyweeeeekk 
hammersmit was absolutely awesome! we were 2nd/3rd row, tom's side &lt;3 he was so close, I almost cried! AMAZING! thanks steph! 
Hammertime is a good show. I love the little guy  goodnight twitts(my name for twitters)
Hammocks waiting for their grateful occupants  http://twitpic.com/6btay
hand out resume then hand me beer mr bartender man 
hand really hurts....movie time....  back later? xoxo
Hands down, best dream I ever had. Gave me confidence and showed me what I need to do. 
Hands smell like bleach...bleh...but my apt is nice and clean 
Hands up if you love dressing for autumn 
Handy parentng tip- to remove noisy girls from your house set them up with a &quot;picnic&quot; way way in the back yard 
hang out with family just now. it was awesome! love them. goodnight awesome people! 
hang out with my family 
Hang Out? 
Hang Over was funnnnay 
hang tight and enjoy (via @loswhit) // gracias sir los! rock on and thanx for your kindness 
Hanggingg outt withh frienddsss Lovee them 
Hangin at Bris eatin tortilla bread 
hangin at home  chillin
Hangin at madison park. Whats up? 
Hangin at PJs with @iKilgore and @italianoblake.  Talked about music with the new guy at PJs for like an hour.
Hangin at the bar with the cousins and @ahbilly, 
Hangin' out at Brit's, ordered Chinese delivery. 
Hangin out at Luba's. Last night was pretty intense. 
hangin out down the streeeeet. same ol thing we did last week.. watched that 70s show all morning 
Hangin out wit my babyboo  xox http://myloc.me/2Guj
Hangin' out with Aaron in London!!! 
Hangin out with Betsy at Steak-n-Shake. Gonna lose the weigh-in this week!  
Hangin out with my @andrea_mcneeley 
Hangin out with my family 
Hangin out with my two favorite guys 
hangin out with Sian 
Hangin out with the family  ...not quite so productive as I thought haha
Hangin out with the parents and siblings in po-dunk land. Talking about guns. Good times 
Hangin up some amazing coloring pages that I love 
hangin wit my sis! 
Hangin wit potential boo. Fun day. 
Hangin with a old friend  its basically a blast!
Hangin with Eddie and little sis 
hangin with erika and val having a good time 
hangin with ledd nd court. 
Hangin with lovely friends 
Hangin with lovey 
hangin' with malika rose in melbourne. just did a photo shoot for blunt magazine and got lord of the fries. life is good 
Hangin with my family from martha's vineyard!!!  it soo great.  I love to read all the updates from famous people!! you guys are the best 
hangin with my sister.today was a good day 
Hangin with nick michael Cody and sam 
Hangin with the family!!! Life is Good 
Hanging around 
hanging around outside with diane and david. &amp; MOST LIKELY GETTING AN IPOD TOUCH! 
hanging around the house then going 2 ATL to work as a paid extra in &quot;the blind side&quot; with sandra bullock tim mcgraw &amp; cathy bates 
hanging around the house today  ..movies tonight!
hanging around the house today. text me if you want to do something  
Hanging around waiting for what should be a very nice day. 
Hanging around. So bored. I'm singing 
hanging at hannah's houuuuse 
Hanging at Monica's house 
hanging at my houe with my boyfriend 
Hanging at the casa with the fam! HAPPY! 
Hanging at The Shack with Judith watching the game. 
hanging in Hawbaker's for study hall(: getting my sewing project next period, board game Friday and SSR after lunch 
Hanging in the garage w/ my daughter. We're listening to NASCAR, she's got her juicebox &amp; I've got my XX 
Hanging in the Luxury Suite! Really cool 
hanging out - yokohama  its sunny and so hot! need ice creeaaam!
hanging out &amp; wait for @jeennaaox to get here  graduation party later!
hanging out @ a family gathering! 
Hanging out @ Lake Waccamaw in NC for Dawn's wedding 
hanging out at a friends house. annoying my friend. 
Hanging out at Brandy's piano bar. Incredible friendships begin at brandy's. 
Hanging out at caitlynns.  bored!
hanging out at Camry's house waiting for her to get home 
Hanging out at Cla's.. They have a cute new (unnamed) beagle! Cuteness! 
Hanging out at home ~ listening to old music from high school. 
hanging out at home for a bit then going to sam-hanthas open house! 
Hanging out at home, concert tomorrow 
hanging out at home...then god knows, maybe going to lay out by the pool 
Hanging out at Mom's house 
Hanging out at seattles best in bhs waiting for the time 2 pass by 4 French film in Shang later 
Hanging out at the office this weekend thanks to a very understanding wife. 
Hanging out by my pool all day, catching some sun (Hopefully not burning) &amp; swimming 
Hanging out in Kingston, Tennessee with my dudes, glad to be in a band of friends 
Hanging out in lakewood.  
Hanging out in my cruise room, watching music videos and reading my new magizines 
Hanging out in my room with jen  talking about this morning service PASSION FOR THE MISSIONS!!!!
Hanging out in Paris. The sun is amazing  I feel alright now. &quot;One of us must know&quot;
Hanging out in the city on a lovely night 
hanging out in the lobby at the Renaissance Long Beach. Say hello if you are here.  I will snap a pic of ya.
Hanging out in the Ozarks today doing who knows what 
hanging out in the room... hoping for visitors tonight while i'm on duty. 
hanging out in the townhouse ... thx god for this life ! 
Hanging out my parents house. Family fun always makes a perfect Saturday 
Hanging out on the slums of va beach aka red star @ town center. 
hanging out the fam 
hanging out w/my momma today 
Hanging out w/my new neighbor. I brought him a roll of TP as a housewarming gift. 
hanging out when i should be working... ok, time for a swim..  
Hanging out with @copsucker &amp; his friends at Conquistador in silver lake 
Hanging out with @hlesztriblocal at good ole paulus park! 
Hanging out with @jamiemcreject, @jellyAIKAbean, @biiiancaaa, @traaaaacy, @yowneh, and @keeelaahbebs 
hanging out with @Lauruteaaa and Karolis. atleast I was haha XDD laura left first, Karolis left 10 mins ago 
hanging out with @livia429 in the Apt. ROOMIE TIME 
hanging out with @melissawendy and then @jordinx3 later 
hanging out with @pogsperalta at the party. he says hi. 
hanging out with @scousernic and @scouserbri  haha. nic is singing alcohol.. rather well. i must say (:
hanging out with @summerglo 
Hanging out with a rad kid! 
Hanging out with amy, we bought new extensions and are partying tnite 
hanging out with Andrew, then going to accountability group at 6:30! 
Hanging out with Becca, Beth, Ryan, Shasta and Sim at the apartment 
hanging out with biology til 4am woo  !
Hanging out with Brendan, a new friend 
hanging out with bunny 
Hanging out with Carson and Taylor! 
Hanging out with chevelle  staying in tonight.   http://twitpic.com/68ln3
Hanging out with christian and oliver 
hanging out with Cody  i love him so much
hanging out with Dan and Brian in my room for my last night 
hanging out with danny and eating cupcakes 
hanging out with denardo levi and bryan! i so missed my bro denardo! 
hanging out with family 
hanging out with friends 
hanging out with friends in the city...salsa time 
hanging' out with her favorite niece 
hanging out with jennifffaaaa... chillen with the boys &amp;&amp; getting fcked up! 
Hanging out with jordan 
Hanging out with Kaye 
Hanging out with Kayte celebrating her birthday 
Hanging out with luke tonight for the first time since spring break!! 
Hanging out with Maggie tonight. 
Hanging out with marcus, ray and ace!  just went back to phs. And got to know 3 sec 1s and 2 sec 2s.  so excited!  going back on w ...
hanging out with Mike, Julz, and James 
Hanging out with mommy   Lunch at Atlas then Shopping at 1 
Hanging out with Morgan  Shopping again  &amp; I can't wait for the Hannah Montana Movie!!
hanging out with my awesome amazing fantastic wonderfully delicious cousins Marissa &amp; Darby 
hanging out with my babyy 
Hanging out with my bestest and friends in the h wood  what is everyone else doing...we r rocktars
Hanging out with my bestest friends in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hanging out with my bestie 
hanging out with my BFF  Cameren!!!   ~*Aubrey  *~
Hanging out with my dad &amp;&amp; Lilly Grace all day 
Hanging out with my dad today! We gonna swap music, talk about books wev read and hike up the mountian.  going to be a great day!
Hanging out with my daughter whilst drinking coffee and watching the count on Sesame Street 
Hanging out with my friend 
Hanging out with my friend  i miss my friend
Hanging out with my love... kids are in bed... nice quiet evening 
Hanging out with my mum today 
Hanging out with my sister and mother 
Hanging out with my soulmate Bri!!! 
Hanging out with natalie until work 
Hanging out with Rachael and Will tonight! 
Hanging out with Samantha...good times 
Hanging out with Sara, Greg, and Alec tonight. 
Hanging out with some cool dogs this weekend. They're crashed out. I plan to be soon. 
hanging out with some cute boy... 
Hanging out with teh ashaa 
hanging out with the bug - she's movin to town y'all 
Hanging out with the foriegn exchange.  goodtime.
hanging out with the friends 
hanging out with the girls 
hanging out with the girls - guys  
Hanging out with three nine-year-olds for a few hours... 
hanging out with tim,codie,and @booistheshit 
Hanging out with vanessa 
hanging out, bed, gym bright and early, class until 12:15 then spending the day with my mom 
Hanging playin pokemon and watchin halo  i'm happy
Hanging under-cabinet lights in the new house!  Staying in tonight and unpacking &quot;Box City!&quot;  
Hanging with @jordan_toms not that pumped for soccer but  i am uber excited for the 1st week of summer 
Hanging with @xsammmylovesyax and @kellyrae117 Yay french fries! 
hanging with abby 
Hanging with all the family.  I love my neighborhood.
hanging with amber. 
Hanging with an old friend 
Hanging with friends at Steningebadet 
hanging with gaby at my house good times 
hanging with jay! internet in the new apt &lt;3 beasley is here too 
Hanging with kate and hailey on the computers 
Hanging with kevin tomorrow!  out goes being productive.
hanging with kt down by the lake!!! beautiful day!!! 
Hanging with Laura today, Gonna get me a snow cone 
Hanging with libby      I love you so much!!!
hanging with Maddy &amp; Olivia 
Hanging with Megan Brooks. Best girl in the world 
hANGING WITH MT GOOD PAL ZOE  COUGH COUGH * HEHE JKS JKS
Hanging with my aunt and cousins at 2 in the morning. heehee. tellin Yo Momma jokes. it hilarious. 
Hanging with my beautiful snowy white cat 
Hanging with my best friend Matt 
hanging with my big sis 
hanging with my boom boom pow. 
Hanging with my brother-in-law and his family.  Really down to earth people, into running.  And they cleaned out their garden on the way. 
Hanging with my friend aim. weez about to make a video, and post it on youtube 
Hanging with my little guy this morning - how he had so much energy at 5:50am is beyond me. I already can't wait for our nap time 
Hanging with my love this weekend!  I also really miss Paris, but luckly I'm seeing her this weekend! Shopping, pool &amp; beach! So.... hot..
hanging with my momma 
Hanging with my wife, she ordered hotwings  feeling awesome.
hanging with nikki, jenny, jesica, molly, and brylee at festival of the arts downtown. 
Hanging with NoC Crew 
hanging with Oliviaaa.  Get on it!
Hanging with Peds!She's looking 4 someone tall,dark and handsome and irish. 
Hanging with reid  lolz. At my house, don't bother.
hanging with team. what a great day! thanks so much M! 
Hanging with the boy 
Hanging with the boy.. Watching TV before bed. I'm so happy he's home 
hanging with the cousin 
hanging with the fam damily in O town  and is having a blast! &lt;3 I really missed being here! Cant wait till school is over! SO excited!!!!
Hanging with the family for a little bit before the cousins leave. Then recording some new @artsimp with @jessiwithani! 
Hanging with the kids this Mother's Day~~Carnival than a BBQ 
Hanging with the roommates 
Hanging with Theresa today! 
hanging with tonie, olivia, trevor and chelsey. 
hanging with zoeeee 
hanging withh nicoleyyyyy  txxt me 
Hangingg out with thee girls, we just got out nails done. 
Hangingggg much? Shopping now thoughh 
hanginï¿½ around lazy, listening to rough sundays 
Hangn out w/ Hannah &amp; the kids waitn on Buck 2 get off then off 2 dads 2 cookout then riding 4 wheelers later  Pool was FREEZING 2day!
Hangout with Frank tomorrow? Possibly.  He's going to help me find a dress!
hangover in 5 min 
Hangover is possible lifting 
Hangover tonight 
Hangover=hilarious &amp; a must see 
hannah is home  off punting.
Hannah is just completely sad. BUT. my life would be quite possibly boring without her, plus she has nice hair. SHAME 
-hannah is on daisys twitter atm  x
hannah montana is #14 in the movie charts on the top 20 list 
Hannah Montana is coming to Singapore theatres tomorrow!  Can't wait to see Taylor in it after the Prelims. 
hannah montana movie with my six year old neighbour  good times.
Hannah Montana Season 1 People Who Use People 
Hannah Montana The Movie 
hannah montana was amazing last night (H) and LMFAO at the random taxi man who won't stop texting!!  AHAHA :')
Hannah Montana with the cousins 
Hannah Montana..going to the film at tuesday 
Hannah Montana: The Movie was an awesome movie! 
Hannah Montanna was such a cute movie 
Hannah Stouffer Amazing Illustration mixing Watercolor and Textures -  http://bit.ly/Yi835 - love watercolor effects 
hannahsss ova  mite do something w/ corey today =( jk!
Hannibal Lecter's gotta me my fave psycho. Just watched Silence of the Lambs. Am finally gonna get out of bed 
haoxjakld john ohhh just messaged me back 
Happiest five months of my life   Here's to a million more.
happiest girl in the world.  best weekend ever and I can't wait for next weekend either!!!  so grateful for all my blessings!
Happiest I've been in a loooonggg time 
Happiest woman alive....&amp; I'm going home tomorrow 
Happily awaiting the Zune HD. 
Happily baked 
Happily eating wagon wheel noodles. 
Happily ever after is definately a crock of shit! That's what I think thanks for all replys 
Happily sorting out a new Scully mood theme and having a perv at the same time. Most excellent waste of time 
happily watching Saved by the Bell reruns in bed... Gym is next. Who wants to join??  
Happily working on OSS project w/ smart people from several companies who work on OSS for a living. 
Happilychaotic.com is a go  maybe I'll be better at keeping this one u to date
Happiness is a choice.  
Happiness is a dish best served warm, fresh-baked from the oven. 
Happiness is available right now ... Do something you LOVE  (via @AuthenticStyle)
Happiness is driving with the windows down .... music up! 
Happiness is having a dinner date &amp; movie with hubby in the house while our little one sleeps. (And he picked up the takeout in the rain 
Happiness is reading a good book ... and then finding it years later and reading it again!  thats quite stunning ~ @AuthenticStyle
Happiness is the Hey! To every Smile!!* 
happppppyyyy hourrrrrr with @laaaceface &amp; non tweets Luzana, Marisa, &amp; my broooosefff 
happppy motheres day @cherylLconnors 
happpy mothers day 
happpyy birthday dad 
happu b-day yo me 
happy    oh and sooo ready for Bengal season!!!
happy  to have the next couple of days off from work and for my new phone....
happy #charitytuesday @theNSPCC @SparksCharity @SpeakingUpH4H 
Happy #ecomonday everyone! 
Happy #hoppusday everyone! 
happy #hoppusday to you all 
Happy #juddday everybody! 
Happy &quot;Memorial Day Weekend&quot; everyone!  Please remember our troops who are fighting and have fought for our Safety, Liberty &amp; Freedom!  
Happy (extended) bday for @TOFeeny at Skydome today. 21 person entourage for St Thomas' best export since Premier Hepburn 
Happy ) Alex on the Spot - amazing song! 
Happy *I don't have to do anything* Day to all the moms out there 
happy 10:26 am..hihi 
happy 100th tweet to me 
happy 100th update. 
happy 11:11 &amp; happy 11th wedding anniversary to @itscool2care 
Happy 13th Alex! and stop growing! You're already taller than me, it's embarrassing! lol   Off to work soon... unfortunately, laters 
Happy 16th anniversary to my fave Boys! And many more to come... 
Happy 16th Birthday to my daughter Jennifer - LYVM! 
Happy 175th Update to me! 25 more to 200! 
Happy 17th of May to all my Norwegian friends  Enjoy
happy 17th, yeeninggggggg! 
Happy 18th birthday to GuanPing ah!  - http://tweet.sg
Happy 18th Birthday To Me 
Happy 18th to Carsen! 
Happy 18th to me!! oh! tell your mum I said Happy Mothers day... 
Happy 1st day of the month everybody! 
Happy 1yr 11mths my dearest beloved!  http://ff.im/-41FWm
Happy 1yr 11mths my dearest beloved!  http://ff.im/-41FWR
Happy 2 Monthniversary darling... 
Happy 21st b-day to my matt  xoxo
Happy 21st birthday to @dq30!!! 
Happy 21st Birthday to my @Fe_ladii !! LOve U cousin!! 
Happy 21st Birthday to my sister Amber!!!! 
Happy 25th Birthday Tetris! For today I will play nothing but Tetris DS! 
Happy 25th birthday, Tetris! xoxoxoxo 
Happy 28th birthday sister! 
Happy 29th birthday Steven Gerrard! 
Happy 29th birthday to @trent_reznor. Do you ever age? 
happy 29th birthday to my sister bear  love u!
happy 29th months anniversary babe! 
happy 30th birthday @frankiedelgado 
happy 4/20 everyone 
Happy 4/20 everyone!! 
Happy 4/20 ppl--make it a great day!! Smoking or non it's a celebration twitches-LOL 
Happy 4/20!!! Celebrate responsibly my fellow friends 
HAPPY 400th TWEET TO ME!!!!! 
Happy 40th RFC! - we owe you our professions  http://bit.ly/cTJeF
Happy 420 everyone  whoo whoo bahahaha
HAPPY 420 TO ALL THAT CELEBRATE THIS HOLIDAY BUILT OFF OF PEACE &amp; LOVE!!! What's everybody's plans 4 2day? What's going on in So. Cal? 
HAPPY 420 to u all  .........going to celebrate the holiday!!!!!
Happy 420!! Moving in today 
Happy 5 weeks  keep up the great work bean we love you so much already!
Happy 50th update to me! Only 7 days left of school 
happy 5th birthday We The Kings! 
happy 5th birthday We The Kings!! 
Happy 6 months baby I love u 
Happy 6/3 baby 
Happy 83rd birthday grandad 
Happy 9th Monthsary DP!  http://plurk.com/p/z5weo
Happy about everything 
HAPPY ALMOST BDAY @jessemackj! Enjoy the raw/vegan cheesecake I'm ENCOURAGING you to eat! I'm such a nice trainer! Not an ounce of evil! 
happy almost birthday kcmo!  going to ann arbor after work to celebrate 
Happy and tipsy after a fun day golfing...now it's time to drunk clean the house 
happy anniversary baby 2 years love you 
Happy Anniversary CNN....Larry 24 oops then I'm 14 
Happy Anniversary Mom Masterminds!  Win one of Five Free Memberships  http://bit.ly/7CbiY
Happy anniversary to my baby lauren 
Happy Anniversary to my parents! 24 yrs and counting 
Happy anniversary, Christopher  i love you!!
happy anyway.  aaah, can't wait for the next McTweet. *_*
Happy as hell ill show you all why later 
happy as larry 
Happy as usual. 
happy at last! I have a picture already here in twitter,,, 
Happy B day again honey. Your B day gave me luck for sure ! 
Happy Bday !! Silly !! ? love ya !! 
Happy B'day @client Davidebeats! Gemini Power 
Happy Bday @lauren11520! Keep thug-as you always do! 
Happy BDay @sheluvshiphop!! Party currently in progress 
Happy b-day dear daughter of @TheBav Happy b-day to you! glad u survived 1st day - many more to come heehee! 
HAPPY B-DAY KIBE. 
Happy Bday Mom  and happy mothers day
Happy bday mom and Tommy! 
happy B-Day Mom you 're the best mother in the word  I love so much 
Happy- bday mommy 
happy bday riot! you're 2 now! paramore worked hard on you!!!!!!  
Happy bday tiara 
HAPPY B-DAY TO LINA  haha, your birthdaypresent to me would be to comment on the new video ;) http://bit.ly/17Cy61
Happy B-day to me!!! 
happy bday to me, Prince (tafkap) and Dave Navarro.  We are strange and creative...I salute June 7th bday people.  xoKR
Happy B-day to Nico! 12 yrs. old and counting... btw, great 5am upper body workout 
Happy bday to the bunny  Richard simmons on whose line was rofl funny, too bad star cut some parts to it Lol
happy bday tupac 
HAPPY B-DAY U FLAWLESS GUY U! &lt;3  I hope this year brings u even more blessings than the last 
happy bday! to my favorite couz.. luigi yahooo! he's turning 1 tomorrow! love u babes! 
HAPPY BDAY!!! i kno its early but if i dont say it now, i'll forget. now ur gonna b older than me again... btw, i love your brother. lol 
HAPPY BDAY, @elbadactle!  
Happy B-Day, Elisabeth Reaser. you're awesome 
Happy beautiful sunday. Awesome clouds going on in san diego 
happy bec 
Happy bee in a happy nest! 
Happy belated birthday to Megumi! 
Happy belated birthday to you! We are May babies. 
Happy Bicycle Day Everyone 
HAPPY BIRFDAY, BFF!!!!! Celebrating at the house! Bars at mindnight with the gang and @Kayleigh0Duggan   http://twitpic.com/6fwsc
happy birthdaaaay  @WandaYosfiani
Happy Birthday @barbeecue !!! I hope u have a wonderful day 
happy birthday @BloodzillaBilly  !!!
Happy Birthday @commonroots! (the tweeter, not the restaurant. Cafe was born in July  )
Happy Birthday @DJJazzyJacq   ? http://blip.fm/~6szja
Happy Birthday @FlyAArmy Hope that your day is extra special!! I couldn't resist this...  â™« http://blip.fm/~8bhbs
happy birthday @frankiedelgado  [you guys should follow him for real]
happy birthday @johnnn, keep on drinking! 
Happy Birthday @KJx16  ; and it's the last day of scho ol 
Happy Birthday @MarahHere. 
Happy Birthday @Michael_Cera! 
Happy Birthday @MsSdot and of course my first love 2Pac 
Happy Birthday @PCIGU 
Happy Birthday @Ricaness_xoxo hope u had a great day!! 
happy birthday @rlhaidet! 
Happy birthday @rosnmede! Hope you have a great celebration with abg mede! 
Happy birthday @skoop - hope you have a wonderful day 
Happy birthday @tiffanyizatt  fun filled day. First hogle zoo with all the kids then dinner tonight with friends #fb
Happy Birthday @timboreader via @kokeshi - twitter the new social calendar 
Happy Birthday @xLaylarrRAWRx  We're Going Out Soooon  &lt;3
Happy Birthday 2 My Father 
Happy Birthday Aimz.....I hope you have had a fantastic day !!!    
happy birthday ally  we love youu
Happy Birthday andy hurley 
happy birthday andy hurley &lt;3 love that dude's passion. andy plays like a mad man on the drums 
Happy Birthday Andy hurley!!!!!! 
happy birthday andy! cleaaaaning from the painting advernture  wcs! &lt;3
Happy Birthday Ashley! 
Happy Birthday baby. Hope you enjoyed the breakfast. 
Happy Birthday Chaldean QT: Happy Birthday, lovely!  http://tinyurl.com/lcemd2
Happy birthday Chaz!! You know I love you  have a good one buddy! Xo
Happy Birthday cousin @mstonibaby..Sunsplash today, then to the bay and santa cruz for the weekend. Beach and shoppppppping 
Happy birthday dad!  yes we can.x
Happy birthday daddy for tomorrow. Goshhh your only going to be 37! My birthday next month, Wooo 
happy birthday daddy!  i love you!
Happy birthday daddyyy 
Happy birthday Elizabeth Reaser!!  
Happy Birthday Erika Maxene! I love you little sister! 
happy birthday fia 
happy birthday grandma 
happy birthday great-grandmother  ../././. bad news on a good day &gt;&lt; but ame is living 
Happy birthday ian harry and sara!  out for ians watching terminator... :|
happy birthday jackiee i love you best friend 
Happy Birthday Jean Naval  I love you!
happy birthday jess   ~ so happy for some reason, life is perfect right now. =D
Happy Birthday Jordan!!! I'll be lovin you forever!!!! 
Happy Birthday Joy! 
Happy Birthday Jude, you're 3 weeks old! 
Happy Birthday Kenny Smoove! Pool parties are pretty awesome 
Happy Birthday Kim Hyun Joong!  i love you sunbae. ))))))
Happy birthday Krystle D and johnny!  my dad doesnt believe i'm gonna go to SAT's but he's letting me drive anyway Hahaha
Happy birthday Kurissuchan!!! 
Happy Birthday Leah! Out&amp;About then the ice cream place 
Happy birthday Liz!  All the best on your birthday!
happy birthday michÃ¨le 
Happy birthday mom 
Happy Birthday Mommy... 
happy birthday mother 
Happy birthday Mr McFarland!  xx
happy birthday mr. phung. 
Happy birthday mumy !!! 
Happy Birthday my dear Love 
Happy Birthday my dearest Noelle Renee! Daddy loves you as far as the galaxy 
happy birthday my gorgeous little sister  revision.....
Happy Birthday My Melo!! Now play like u want this fo yo burfday!!!!  muah! Go Nuggets! Lock In!!!
Happy birthday my twin-bestfriends Adinda &amp; Ayunda  wish you two all the best. GBU
happy birthday myself 
happy birthday nan  nice sunny day today  i was pleasently surprised
Happy birthday Nicoke!  love youuuu
Happy Birthday Nolan xoxo  Danny and Hector 
Happy Birthday Norm! Hanging around..going to the gym...shopping..then Norm's for the night 
Happy birthday Norway 
Happy birthday Norway &lt;3 and what a day to win Eurovision on  (it was past midnight)
happy birthday Norway! &lt;3 
Happy Birthday Pooky!! Hope you're ready for a great day!!  @JustHits
Happy birthday Prince! Aren't you mad we made it to pass 1999? Such a disappointment LOL j/k Keep making great music 
Happy Birthday Queen Victoria!  Thanks for the day off, and the fireworks. 
Happy Birthday Rita!  You're a year older than me for a couple months now.  
Happy Birthday Roseanna !  18 Today ! Wooooooooo
Happy Birthday Sam  Bff For 10 Years,Love Ya xx
Happy Birthday Sebastien 
Happy Birthday Sis love you so much 
happy birthday sookie   its been 3 yrs and i still miss you.
Happy birthday Tetris!! lol I love this game since like 4ever 
Happy birthday Tetris. In celebration, we are making brunch for the friends. 
Happy birthday Tim! 
Happy Birthday TJ.. 
happy birthday to @alextroll 
Happy birthday to @KRISTOMUSIC !!! Everyone show him some love!!! 
Happy Birthday to @LOVEistheGR8EST &amp;&amp; @ChaniLove ily both! 
Happy Birthday to @RhonM!!! Hope it's an awesome day, babe. 
Happy Birthday to @SnavenShake! Hope it's a great one buddy! 
happy birthday to @The_Grim_Weeder   xx
Happy Birthday to BPC Member : Mr. Albert De La Cruz 
Happy birthday to by boy 1 today. 
Happy Birthday to ChrisJP today! 
happy birthday to Ditha and Ega 
Happy Birthday to Mandy &amp; Nick  @fabricatedtruth
Happy Birthday to me   http://www.last.fm/subscribe?gift=1
Happy Birthday to me   Up bright and early for a great workout!
happy birthday to me  finally 15 today
happy birthday to me and carey!! 
happy birthday to me happy birthday to me happy birthday to mee happy birthday to me !! (8)   
Happy Birthday to ME! 
Happy Birthday to me!  Full day ahead, lot's to do...grocery, violin lesson, rebate forms, the list goes on 
happy birthday to me!  http://plurk.com/p/ysck4
Happy Birthday to ME! Happy Birthday to ME! Happy Birthday dear Kenzi, Happy Birthday to ME! It's my birthday 
Happy Birthday to me!!!! Celebrating in the library studying 
Happy Birthday to me, Happy Birthday to me 
Happy birthday to me.  &lt;3
happy birthday to me.. 
happy birthday to meee! haha! &lt;33  
happy birthday to meeee! turning 20 today 
Happy birthday to me-hi-hi-hi! 
Happy Birthday to Mr. Faja.  Edgar's dad.
Happy Birthday to my beautiful mummy! 
happy birthday to my brother 
Happy birthday to my Daddy! 
Happy birthday to my dear sister Meylia. We love you always 
Happy Birthday to my girl @Thesss! Even though I'm not with you right now. I'll see you tomorrow. 
Happy birthday to my good mate bobby rhine!!! 
happy birthday to my inspiration, my hero, my mama 
Happy Birthday to my little girl Jasmine! She turns three years old today. Throwing her a mini b day party tomorrow with just us. 
Happy birthday to my little sis abi!!! Celebrating with my family  sister is now nine! so crazy got her a taylor swift poster 
happy birthday to my lovely chelly rae 
Happy Birthday to my man @Dgoods12.... Add my nigga and wish him a Happy Birthday... He likes Rum &amp; Coke.... 
Happy Birthday to my mom... today has been ahhhhmazing 
Happy Birthday to my most favorite person in the whole wide world! love you AB 
happy birthday to my mosttt favoriteee follower bibiana! 
Happy birthday to my sis! n bbq tonight 
happy birthday to my sisterrrrrrrrrrrrrr chocolate cake all round  and hugeeeee fondant fancy cake, happy birthday for the other day tashh
happy birthday to sarah  sorry i stole your knife in home ec today xD
Happy Birthday to the BEST big brother EVER!!! Love u Bumper... or you know whatever LOL!  Y'all wish @culturesclothes a good one!
Happy Birthday to the best big brother ever, BigBen 
happy birthday to the best dad ever 
Happy birthday to the best husband ever! I love you baby! 
Happy birthday to the dreamiest man alive @mathieuphoto!! You're amazing!!!  I love you!
Happy birthday to y bestfriend, Jacklyn Nicole DeCastro. I love you beezy 
Happy birthday to you, Heidi Klum and Morgan Freeman, two people honoured to share your birthday 
Happy birthday Tran!! Awesome bar hopping 
happy birthday we the kings 
Happy birthday www.lijeonline.blogspot.com (4 years). 
Happy Birthday Yayas! I love you, big bro 
Happy birthday Zachary Quinto!  (ontd_st want him in the trending topics and I am only too happy to oblige)
Happy Birthday Zachary Quinto!!!! 
Happy birthday!  @KourtneyKardash
happy birthday, @bananafacexo 
Happy Birthday, @brookelarimer!! Thanks for the fab party. 
Happy Birthday, @captainoneliner!! Have a great day, dear 
Happy birthday, @MattHelms! May today bring you lots of chocolate treats and sweet potato fries! 
Happy birthday, @nsingman ! Maybe your birthday involve plenty of large breasts, and no interactions with filthy, stinking liberals. 
Happy Birthday, @skoop!  May it bring you many happen returns.
Happy Birthday, Ate Judy! Boardmates' Dinner downstairs 
Happy birthday, birthday girl!!!!  Wish you plenty of everything!!! And just have fun, that's what's it all about anyway))) Cheers
Happy Birthday, Dad!    Not feeling so great because I'm a little stuffed up, but work Thursday morning...
Happy Birthday, Daddy 
Happy Birthday, Joey! muah &lt;3! 
Happy birthday, Jonathan Bandong! 
happy birthday, little sis. you get on my nerves most of the time, but i'll admit we make a pretty kickass duo. sometimes. 
Happy Birthday, my dah-ling Baim.... *mmmmuahh !* 
Happy Birthday, my Love. 
Happy birthday, Norway! And congrats for winning the eurovision song contest 
Happy birthday, Pete. 
Happy birthday, Wisconsin! 161 years ago, you became a state. 
Happy birthday,Andrï¿½s Iniesta,wish you get well soon 
Happy Birthday...Clint Eastwood....Brooke Shields...@pallavi31 Pallavi.....and WIFEY 
happy birthday...to me!! 
Happy birthjetlagday to me! 
Happy Boston marathon tomorrow, I'll be eating cake  are Bos marathons always on april 20th? That's pretty cool!
Happy bout day!!! 
Happy Canary Islands Day 
Happy Captain Picard Day! 
happy celebrate the wonderful woman who cleaned your butt when you were a baby day! 
Happy Children's day Ecuador 
Happy children's day people!!  
Happy Cork Pride 2009   http://pikchur.com/aH6
Happy Crunchie Day everyone!! 
happy day 
Happy Day After Matt's Birthday 
Happy day mom  i love u
happy days people!  its the first day of winter... and a monday... what could be worse hahaha
Happy D-Day/Tetris day! 
Happy DIversity won BGT last night 
Happy Donut Day! Free donut at Krispy Kreme &amp; Dunkin Donuts (DD requires beverage purchase). My son enjoyed his sprinkled choc one 
HAPPY EASTER (orthodox easter that is) 
Happy Easter to all Orthodox followers.  
Happy Easterr 
Happy Fabric Friday! $3 Flat rate shipping for all the great Japanese fabrics   http://bit.ly/2mFB2
Happy face only after Primart cookies 
Happy Follow Friday Twitters! 
Happy for once 
happy for so many reasons  life is goooooood.
happy for summer. hawaii!!!!!!!!!!!! 
happy for the Magics 
Happy Free Comic Book Day! I'll get a new TWC incentive up later today, and I'll keep you posted. Now go get your free comics 
Happy Friday  &quot;The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.&quot;  - Plutarch
Happy Friday  not quite as happy as could be as at work on Sunday morning. But otherwise... Yay!!
Happy Friday all! So ready for a long weekend. Not quite awake-think I'll have an iced white mocha from sb this am to get me going! Yum! 
Happy Friday celebrating with a new pair of gucci pants, hair cut and dye job, and BBQ now 
Happy Friday everybody! 
Happy Friday everyone!  Looks to be a great weekend 
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE! how are u?? PLEASE KEEP WATCHING OUR VIDEOS! and thanks for all of the nice comments so far! u all rock!!  love, JS
Happy Friday everyone! Off to work for me  oh wait don't forget to wear your smiles 
Happy Friday everyone! Only a few more hours until the weekend! 
Happy Friday Everyone..Awsome game last night...this old dog learned a hat trick.lol 
happy friday folks. agree w/@LZeefe ... there just aren't enough days in the weekend  lots going on in my world. how goes it here?
Happy friday night!! how was everyone's night? I caught up with people and now I'm home watching slumdog millionaire. 
Happy Friday peeps, dress down day at work for me 
Happy Friday to all my followers! I hope you have a great weekend! Love you all! Be Safe 
Happy Friday to all! Wish you were here  http://twitpic.com/6ozi2
Happy Friday To Everybody! 
Happy Friday to you 2! Thanks  @rawdawgbuffalo
HAPPY FRIDAY TWEEPLE 
Happy Friday tweeples 
Happy Friday! #FridayFollow @dsmpublishing who FF me last week - Sam's expertise &amp; generosity is HUGE! Don't work too hard this w/end 
Happy Friday! Thank god for it and starbucks!!!! 
Happy Friday!! #FF Go now to @robynbenincasa @brendanburchard @masscontrolkern 
Happy Friday, everyone!  Looking forward to the weekend ahead!  Brother coming, flights booked and forms being sent off today! 
Happy friday, going to be gorgeous time to hit the lake with the fam and enjoy it. TGIF to all the people 
happy friday. i keep thinking bout that banana cake i dreamt about. see what happens when ya dont go to bed mad. u dream about cake 
happy girl - one day of work and then vacation 
Happy go jump in water and fly day r.i.p dave your always in my &lt;3 with out you i'm just erika with the hair 
happy graduation @HannaCanadia and @nycstilettochic 
happy graduation to meee 
Happy half birthday christine 
happy happy belated birthday @SyamRazali 
Happy happy happy  i've had a wonderful day. I hope all is well with everyone. Goodnight!
happy happy joy joy    is that good enough for you
Happy happy, joy joy...happy happy, joy joy...it's #followfriday &amp; the beginning of Memorial Day weekend!  Help other peeps connect 2day.
Happy Holidays 
Happy hour  Umm, I can't find this song anywhere but here, enjoy it!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5ir0f
Happy Hour 4pm-7pm Fly Bar on Sutter, SF... see you there   http://bit.ly/12Y1Fh
Happy hour in progress 
Happy Hour with my favorite people!!! 
Happy Hump Day everyone...  
Happy Hump day twitters! 
Happy hump day! Now let's set our sights on Friday! 
Happy hump day! Stop in today for some Alaskan Crab Soup! You deserve it!  
HAPPY HUMP DAY!!! 
Happy hump day. 
Happy Hurricane Season! Time to brace for another one! Hope those New Orleans levees hold up 
happy i got free in n out just for forgettin my wallet 
Happy I got hooked up with a cup of jittery joe's! Thx Jim and Sherry! 
happy I got to see jerr bear today. got my huggles &amp; smooches for the day 
happy if you happy 
Happy it doesn't seem to be raining in Madrid at the moment.  The forecast this week looks awesome.  Want to ride new bike 
HAPPY ITS SUMMER!!!! watching americas next top model!! 
happy Jonas day 
HAPPY JONAS DAY EVERYONEE!! 
Happy Jonas Day!   OH! and my mom LOVES the cd 
Happy June day #3.  
Happy June everybody!!  It should be a good month.
happy june everyone 
Happy june everyone! My  birthday is on wednesday 
Happy June mother-effers!   
Happy June to you all. Hope lots of your wishes come true this month. 
Happy June! What a fabulous day to start the month off! It's going to be a fantastic month 
happy June!! Only 17 more days 
Happy Kartini Day! Does anyone still remember about Ibu Kartini? 
happy KOF is headlining Hub   
Happy Lazy Sunday everyone 
Happy mama's day to all the mamas. 
Happy mama's day to my favorite MILFs @Shaa_Nichole and @eehoepfl  
HAPPY MAMA'S DAY! (: I'm a lucky duck to have a mom like you. 
happy marthas daaaay 
Happy meat day  And remember, BBQ LOVES YOU! 
happy memorial day weekend!  it's the most wonderful time of the year 
Happy Memorial Weekend with great sales @ the Resort 
Happy Mom`s day to your moms ! 
happy momma's dayy! fam. breakfast with the madre 
Happy Mommy's  Day to all you moms 
happy mommy's day  &lt;3 my mom!
HAPPY MOMMYS DAY TO MY MOM AND @daniPPrincess Love Yall 
Happy mommys day. 
happy mommy's dayyy  i love my mommy!!!
Happy Mom's Day 2 my Mommy friends! Im spending the day w/ my mom shopping,eating, &amp; just being girls. 
Happy Mom's Day Korean church style-kimchi, bulgogi and rice. Yum  http://twitpic.com/4x9gy
Happy Mom's Day to all motha's out there! 
Happy moms day to all the moms in the world  ?
Happy Mom's Day to all u moms ....  enjoy!
Happy moms day! 
happy monday -- I already have a super hilarious problem to debug 
Happy monday  up and about going to tavares today. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
happy monday all my twitter friends!!  its almost may flowers!!!  bleh to waking up at 4 am
Happy Monday all! It's my day off and of course I have a ton to do. Workout first! 
HAPPY MONDAY EVERYONE!  why am i still up? Lol Night twitz
Happy Monday everyone! How are you, dear friends? 
Happy Monday everyone. 
Happy Monday greetings tweeps  
HAPPY MONDAY KIDDES!! I HOPE EVERYONE HAS WONDERFUL WORK WEEK 
Happy Monday Morning to you all. Here comes yet another week!!!  
Happy Monday people  Been a productive one already for me and its only 7.30am lol. What will the rest of the day bring I wonder?!
Happy Monday to all twitters 
Happy Monday to all! 
Happy monday to all! I find myself  eager to get back to the office and bang out some work. Riding the Choo choo to New York 
Happy Monday Tweetsters - did you have a good weekend? I got outside in the sun and now have farmer's tan on my arms. 
Happy Monday Twitterland!!! Make it a great day 
Happy Monday ya'll! Just letting you know I've updated my blog: www.blog.raylenesongbird.com 
Happy Monday!  Getting those C/S calls answered and emails responded to..busy busy busy! 
Happy Monday! And it really is. Play your favorite song &amp; smile. 
Happy Monday! Here's wishing you the perfect start to a wonderful week! 
happy monday! today was long but productive. 
Happy Monday!!  Have an awesome week   http://twitpic.com/6ekfv
Happy Monday!! Going to look around at cake stuff today!! 
Happy Monday!!!    Woke up at 2am with a migraine...woke up at 7am with it gone...Life is GREAT!
Happy Monday, Everyone!!! 
Happy Monday, Tweeples. Hope everyone is relaxed and ready to take on the week 
Happy Monday.  Wait theres nothing happy about monday 
Happy Monday?  Bollocks to that!!  Pay day though 
Happy Morning everyone!  Off to church on this beautiful morning.
Happy Morning everyone! &amp; hello to all the new followers 
Happy Morning, la toat? lumea!  
Happy Mother day!!  Oh wow, i just done watch &quot;THE MIST&quot;, it's a pretty good movie but what an unfair ending...!! Hate sad endings....
Happy Mother to mothers in America , we celebrated it earlier on the 21st of March 
Happy mother`s day to your moms ! 
HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY! 
HAPPY MOTHER`SS DAY ! i'm about 2wo make mommy some breakfast  .
Happy Mother's Day   Headed to la playa
Happy Mother's day   http://bit.ly/J8YF4
Happy Mother's Day   TO ALL WOMEN
Happy Mother's Day  #mothersday
Happy mothers day  . I love you mum &lt;3
happy mothers day  def excited for brunch, veggie and cheese omlet please!
happy mothers day  esp to my mommy
Happy Mothers Day  even though its not in the uk lol
Happy Mother's Day - Happy Motherï¿½s Day  http://tumblr.com/xnx1qyn0j
Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/LRSnG
Happy Mother's Day  I love my mom so much!
happy mothers day  i love my mommy
Happy Mother's Day  I'm taking my mom to have all the things that I've prepared (: first, the breakfast
Happy Mothers Day - Purchase your mom a cruise today. 
Happy mothers Day  woot.
happy mothers day  xoxoxoxo
happy mothers day ! 
Happy mother's day ! 
Happy Mother's Day !  Mom   I Love You
Happy Mother's Day ! &lt;3 
Happy Mother's Day ! You don't need to even be human to be a mother. I had a job that was a mother once...but that's another story  
Happy Mother's Day !!! 
Happy mothers day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 
happy mother's day ... and to dad's .. it takes 2 
Happy Mother's Day @deniselupton200, to echo what Michelle said, I wish I could be there with you today. 
Happy Mother's Day @shannon180 
Happy Mother's Day 2 all the fabulous moms out there. The world wouldn't run without us. Keep up the good work! Enjoy ur day 
Happy Mothers Day 2 all the good Momms out there And to the baby mommas step yall game up an become Somebodies Wife 
Happy Mother's Day 2 all u moms! 
Happy mothers day all the moms 
Happy mothers day ben! I know how much you and Gabe like eachother and well, your the more Femanine of you  two. so happy mothers day. 
Happy Mothers Day boo!  tell your momma for me too.
Happy Mother's Day Everyone As Applicable! I'm not a Mom, but I'm lucky to have one 
Happy Mother's Day Everyone! Hope it's magical 
Happy Mothers Day everyone.  and I'm hungry.
Happy Mothers day for all moms!!! I love you mummy !!!!!! 
Happy mothers' day for all those lovely mamas out there 
Happy mothers day in 25 minutes everyone 
Happy Mother's Day MM mums!!!! hope you all have a lovely day  #mamam
Happy Mother's Day mom and to every other mother out there. 
Happy Mothers Day mom!  I love you!
Happy Mother's Day Mom! And Happy Mother's Day to all Moms!   
Happy Mother's Day Mom! I love You! 
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!!  @TheREALMahogany
Happy mothers day mom!!!  i love you.
Happy Mothers Day Mom. wish you was here, miss you beyond words.  Love you mom x x x x
Happy Mother's Day Mommies 
Happy Mothers Day mommy 
happy mother's day mommy 
happy mothers day mommy  i love you so much, dono what id do without you ??
Happy Mother's Day mommy and grandma haha  ily
Happy Mothers Day Mommy!!! I love you &amp;&amp; your the best... 
HaPpY mOtHeR's DaY mOm'S 
happy mothers day mothers. smile like you mean it. 
Happy mothers day mothers..hehe 
happy mothers day mum 
Happy Mother's Day Muuuum! Now I am off to Cambridge with my mum and dad to visit my grandma! 
Happy Mother's Day one day early to all moms everywhere---you deserve to have your own day.  
Happy Mothers Day people. i love my mom a lot still 
Happy Mothers Day to @JustmeMrsE who is the greatest mother ever &amp; means the universe to me. I'm so happy I'm friends w/ my mom  &lt;3
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL 
Happy Mother's Day to all 
Happy Mothers Day to All  the moms and to Those that have Moms . That means Happy Mothers Day EVeryONe 
Happy mother's day to all French moms ! And happy voting day to all Europeans voting today ! And happy Sunday to all other categories 
Happy Mother's day to all Mommies 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all Moms - Give your Mom a call or a hug today!!!  
Happy mother's day to all moms out there, to those with human-type offspring as well as those who parent furbabies. 
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's out there....love you MoM 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to ALL MOMS!  HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!  
Happy mother's day to all mothers here! 
Happy mother's day to all mothers out there, your the best 
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy followers! I hope you have a great day! Let them pamper you 
Happy Mothers Day to ALL my Twitter moms...Hope you guys have a good one... 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms in the world! Parents are the back-bone of our society, let's celebrate them 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers and mothers-to-be  My mom is getting a special gift from me today 
Happy mothers day to all of you amazing moms!! Hope you have a wonderful day with your loved ones. You deserve it!!  You do a great job! 
Happy Mothers Day to all of you moms out there  Hope you have a wonderful day!!
happy mothers day to all the baby mommasss! rofl 
happy mothers day to all the beautful mums. 
Happy mothers day to all the cute moms out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely ladies of the @miltmafia 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Lovely mothers out there 
happy mothers day to all the mommas 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIES 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIES IN THE WORLD 
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies, Mommies to be, dog mommies, stepmommies and any other mommy out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys ou there! Have a wonderful day with your kiddos! 
Happy Mothers day to all the mommys out there... and most especially to my hot wifey!   Love you babe!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys. . .on the way to church with my mom 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms ! Enjoy your special day. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there and all the Dads who do it all! 
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there and to all the puppy moms like me 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there ï¿½ there's no love stronger than your love; &amp; like Tupac says, &quot;you are appreciated.&quot; Hehe 
Happy Mother's day to all the mom's out there in twitter-land! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Love you so much mom!!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!    And Happy Sunday to all the non-moms. ;)
Happy Mothers Day to All the Mom's out there!! We Love You!!! 
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.  And thanks to all the dads and little ones who made it so special for us!  xo
Happy Mothers day to all the moms out there. Wish I could see mine today. Fuck Work!! Special shout to Sheena and Yan! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms! If you're an awesome mom, you'll help #savechuck 
Happy Mothers day to all the moms, and all you Aussies, need to remember your 2 legged friends, lots of Aussies adopted this weekend! 
happy mother's day to all the moms, especially mine! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there  (via @lukevenk)
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there!  
happy mother's day to all the mother's out there! 
Happy Mother's Day to ALL the mother's out there!!!!!! 
Happy mother's day to all the mother's out there... even if you are the mother of a pet. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers...time for me to hit the hay! much love my tweeps! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there, old &amp; new. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the strong and beautiful mom's 
Happy mothers day to all the Twitter moms, sent my own mom a very sleepy video by phone and called after. 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Twitter Moms.. 
Happy Mother's day to all the wonderful mommies out there! 
Happy mothers day to all those amazing mommies out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all those tweeting mom's out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mommys 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mommy's out there...out to breakfast and then the beach with mine 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL YOU MOMS   I hope it is a great one 
Happy Mothers Day to all you Moms  Have a Blessed day.
Happy Mothers Day to all you moms out there 
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there 
Happy Mothers Day to all you moms. 
Happy Mothers Day to all you Mothers 
happy mothers day to all you mums out there 
Happy mother's day to all!    -V.
happy mothers day to all..im gonna help mine right now.she deserves it..you guys should too.. 
Happy Mother's day to allMothers, Cheers!! 
Happy Mother's Day to cool Moms everywhere! 
Happy Mother's Day to every mommy out there 
happy mothers day to every mommy out there! especially my own 
happy mother's day to every twitter's moms 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to everyone lucky enough to be a mommy. extra special happy to @LuciIrene who became a mommy 2day 
happy mothers' day to my @momtweetmom 
Happy Mother's Day to the Mamas! 
Happy mothers day to the most amazing woman I know- my mom!!! I love you! 
Happy mothers day to the mothers, grandmothers, great grandmothers, great great grandmothers, and everyone aspiring to one  #cliche #annoy
Happy Mother's Day to the tweetin' mamas  Nite tweeple!
Happy Mother's Day to you all mommies.. Spending the day with mine 
Happy Mother's Day to your mothers 
Happy Mothers Day to yours and mines 
Happy mothers day tu all moms out there  !!
Happy Mother's Day x3 ..Mum? I love you 
Happy Mother's Day! --  http://bit.ly/LRSnG  Mother Lover - J-Tim &amp; Andy Samberg video, hilarious 
happy mother's day!  @lockielee @jenvarner73 @mommymoser @nonnie21751 @leahface
Happy mother's day!  going to legally blonde with my mama today 
Happy Mother's Day!  hanging out with the family.
Happy Mother's Day!  http://tinyurl.com/re74xc
Happy Mother's Day!  Just got off the phone with my son who is in S. Korea.  Great start to the day.  
Happy Mothers Day!  looking forward to todays service and what God brings 
Happy Mother's day!  miss my mom so much... Always will be the best mom ever!
Happy Mother's Day!  Wish I could be home with my mommy!!
Happy Mothers Day! ..ok..seriously..good night  
Happy mother's day! 9 days! 
Happy Mother's Day! Be sure to say I &lt;3 you, Mum. 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! celebrating with the fam then doin a little partying later on with the girl. Have a great day to you &amp; yours everyone 
Happy Mother's Day! Do something sweet for yours today 
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoying mine unplugged. 
Happy Mother's Day! Even though I appreciate my mother everyday. I'm so thankful I have her 
Happy Mother's Day! I love my mommy 
