Im off to hanging with the homies and fam. before I go back to ATL!!!! Random pics through the day i'm sure  Always fun going on here!
I'm off to Hollywood  http://www.myspace.com/38pr
I'm off to lay in bed playing &quot;The World Ends With You&quot; on my DS! All my Twitter updates tonight will be from my iPhone! 
I'm off to meet my mum and show her around Manchester! 
Im off to my mates house now for some last minute getting ready, then will be going to .... WEMBLEY.... IN A LIMO.... OH YESSS  .x
I'm off to PT and then (gasp) work @ school. Yes, tweeps, I do sometimes have to actually go in to work -- horrors, I know! 
I'm off to relax and enjoy the gardens I got done yesterday. 
I'm off to school to listen to the teachers do nothing more than complain about everything. Ugh. Center afterwards. Be back around 6. 
I'm off to scrape my nails, repaint them, write fanfiction, and sleep. Will keep a phone next to me, just in case  &lt;3
I'm off to see @candlethieves @ The Fly in a mo 
I'm off to shoot some friends....  I'm not that evil I promise! It just sounds bad.... 
I'm off to Six Flags and determined NOT to ride El Toro or Kingda Ka first row!! But will try hard to keep my eyes open!!  Fun, fun, fun!!
I'm off to Southampton to pick up my sub-dye printer this morning. Am really excited about it  #fb
im off to study for class so i can get good grades and get the hell out of there. 
I'm off to the gym for a good cardio session! 
i'm off to townn  byeee
I'm off to Vondelpark!  Laters.
im off to watch 90210, thanks goodness for plus one. Next time il be on it will be my SUMMER!!!!!!!  no tests after that (Y)
im off to watch a movie now, Saving Private Ryan Tweet Laters Tweeters 
i'm off to watch the f1 race in barcelona on tv in a few minutes ( how decadent , i know ! ) &amp; hope that vettel wins this time again ! 
i'm off to work again, finish at 2 though  country pub or not? haha!
Im off to work in a mo and am excitied about getting things ready for my new flat 
I'm off to work today...I have some weird chigger bites to deal with while trying to wait on customers????   Should be interesting! 
im off to wrk. lol i hate it im always at wrk finally the weekend tomorrow 
I'm off today so I got to get my house cleaned :/ I't not bad just a little bit here and there wont take long 
Im off wednesday and thursday 
I'm off with my best friend to La Trastienda!  We're so exited! Today's gonna be the best day of our lives EVER  ♥
I'm off!!! Off, off, off work  did I say, I'm off? ;)
I'm off, going shopping 
I'm off, night 
I'm off. Out into the heat. Love the Caribbean 
im off... i need to sleep  see ya tomorrow twitterworld!!! byeeee ly&lt;3
im off..bye people 
I'm offically 26 
I'm officially a Bulls fan 
I'm officially a housewife for the rest of the day - preparing for dinner with the family tonight 
I'm officially a neophyte on Vampires. Yes! 
I'm officially addicted to twitter as i feel the need to tweet every thought i have. Quite sad really 
im officially at the airport ready to leave new mexico. im coming hoomee 
I'm officially awake o.o happy?-.- Good morning everyone 
i'm officially deactivated my facebook account. bye everyone on facebook 
I'm officially done with High School and that makes me so happy no more stupid slutty people 
I'm officially free!! now it's time for me to hurry and pack for sunday... PARIS!!!!!!!!! 
I'm officially on disability from work.  Time to lay in bed forever.
Im officially scared of toys X__X -Lily 
I'm officially stating that rage sucks my butthole. It doesnt feel good either. Quote me. Hahah on my way home. Night twitter. 
I'm officially the birthday girl! 
I'm officially up my song of the day is being decided  good morning Tuesday Tweeters
I'm often misunderstood.  I mean well.  Sometimes I let my anger or disappointment in others dictate my actions. Sorry. I'm mostly human. 
I'm oh so bored so someone should text me to hang out! 
im on 46 followers 
I'm On A Boat - The Lonely Island 
I'm On A Boat - The Lonely Island. One of the funniest songs/videos ever. On that note, goodnight. 
I'm on a boat with Mileyyyyy!!! 
I'm on a boat! Literally. 
i'm on a boat!!! 
i'm on a boat, i'm on a boat, take a good hard look at the mother f*ing boat 
I'm on a boat. With my flippy floppies thank you very much. Haha. 
I'm on a goooood one with goooood company 
I'm on a highway that leads to my highway I'd rather not get off. I lovee youu! 
i'm on a raspberry-filled-chocolate-ravioli high 
im on a roll for pics tonite haha expect many pics now tht i have figured it out  muahahahahahaha
I'm on a total music kick right now, Untouched by The Veronicas is totally kickass awesome. 
Im on aim now  sn: jemlove26 yeah im bored.
im on aim. sooo you should have a chat w/ me.  helloimD4NNY
Im on break at work and watching Taken 
I'm on brookes computer on piczo and twitter watching viva la bam. ?luv it? its 1:00 am and still in my skinny jeans. 
i'm on camz.com  &quot;LaceyAdams&quot; cum find me &amp; let's get something going
I'm on club penguin  I haven't been on this for ages
I'm on Facebook.Search as Ankur Moulik and add me ! 
I'm on IMVU...Hit me up ppl 
Im on it lets do it got so many pots cookin gotta pin the chicken down  ~IamMizAnointed~ 
im on lappy  lol charger works
i'm on msn, bebo and facebook 
I'm on my blackberry bitches  and its currently charging :p
I'm on my comfort zone right now..  http://myloc.me/2aFr
I'm on my computor and watching four music 
I'm on my LA shit! 
I'm on my lunch fueling my stomach  gotta love ham sandwich
i'm on my r&amp;b groove - starting with @epiphanygirl 's album 
I'm on my third 9% beer. Mmmmmmm 
im on my volunteer mode right now. helping those who are needy. im loving it 
I'm on my way into town listening to good ol' billy ray 
I'm on my way to Alpharetta...having a good day so far 
I'm on my way to have my final date with Cambridge ... a picnic by the Charles River with me and moi 
I'm on my way to see '17 Again'.  I've wanted to see it for a looong time 
I'm on my way to the beach to celebrate my godson's 16th b-day! 6hr round trip -very bad for my knees... but worth it to see my godson! 
I'm on my way to the beach! 
Im on my way to the videoshoot!, get down there now! try get there before 3pm!...Support the hustle!  COVENT GARDEN STATION!
IM ON MY WAY TO WORK.  NICE DAY IN THE CHI
im on my way with chris and tiny to thayer 
im on myspace.com 
I'm on page A1 and B1. TWO covers of ONE paper!!! 
im on spam mode tonight.. sorry. 
Im on sprint  hway..on my way back home  yeay!
I'm on the #wave 
I'm on the air.....NOW!!!  
I'm on the dee five dee five. HAAAA 
I'm on the front page  www.etsy.com
I'm on the front page @cheaptweet ! 
i'm on the http://wefollow.com twitter dir under #potter #writer #historian but wonder if I should change the last to #intlwomanofmystery 
Im on the phone with @willflowers 
Im on the phone with adriana and she's on stage. Basically im between her boobs right now and will cheer her on while she's dancing 
I'm on the proses or rewatching the old kimura takuya dorama..love generation here I come 
I'm on the road home from the Bunny Ranch...making a stop at Starbucks 
I'm on the UP and up 
I'm on the way to my grandmother's house 
Im on top  of the world!!!
im on top of the world... going running  
Im on tv right now 
i'm on twitter on the wii 
i'm on twitter... wat the fuck does it look like i'm doing...  
I'm on vacaaaation! 
im on!ugh,im here on derby now. 
I'm one follower away from 1,500  Not that it matters, but still, woo hoo! ;)
I'm one of the last 30 to be able to register for #rebcoc.  Now to make the travel arrangements.  Looking forward to my second #rebarcamp 
I'm one of them... Just got off phone w/ chanel   I told he  to tell u ur a brat for the temptation... Which I couldn't pass up! Thanks!
im online now  lol
i'm only updating this so that brett's phone beeps  but really.. looking at wedding stuff. again.for the next five months.
Im only working 12 to 5 today...YAY 
IM OUT BITCHES   see you guys later
I'm out for a while.  Going to watch BOYSTOWN. )
im out for awhile. 
im OUT for now.. 
I'm out of here! Going home to get ready for plane ride to Cali Cali. Can't wait! 
im out Tw!geTTez !t was Fun  
I'm Out Twitter I'm about to go to the hospital To see my best friend Because she just had a baby boy 
I'm out world! Drivers test tomorow at 8 hope I pass 
I'm out! the rain already stopped. see you around tweeps! 
i'm OUT. 
I'm out.  Night.
i'm out. get at y'all later 
I'm out. Good night people. 
I'm out. Peace  xoxo
I'm out. Peace yo. 
i'm out...  
im out4da nite twiggaz. link ya in da am  toodlezzzzzzzzzzz
I'm outside enjoying the sun!! :] Again 
I'm outta here 4 bit. Too pooped 2 think...not that I do it very well anyway...(just kidding).  Have a great night all u tweeties. 
I'm outta here for the day...duty aka the reason I go to NK shows is calling. Holla. 
I'm outta here tweeps...trying to figure out what to do with my weekend!!! Have a good one people! Make the most of it 
I'm outta here. Fun night to the max. Goodnight 
I'm over getting older. Maybe it's not my weekend, but it's gonna be my year  &lt;3 All Time Low
I'm over it! Lol that was quick... so stoned rite now 
I'm overwelmed by today. I wanne go to Africa now and learn those cute jumpy steps ps.Gary Skinner did tonight  Preachin himself happy!
I'm overwhelmed by gratitude right now 
i'm overwhelmed of the number of places http://eyedraw.eu/ is mentioned 
I'm packed &amp; ready for my trip to Cardiff.  One more sleep until Take That!!!!  I'm super excited.  
I'm packing. I'm SO freaking happy to say that! Away from the crazy, I go 
I'm painfully tired. My body hurts. Ugh. Still going out tonight tho 
i'm participating in Microsoft's IE8 screenshot contest.. in a Different way.   http://yfrog.com/16o3uj
I'm performing tomorrow at the Bethlehem Church @ 1:30 PM in Randolph, NJ and you're invited 
I'm persistent if nothing else!!    SWBL demo - M5
I'm picking up the fliers on Sunday for the event I'm headlining on June 5th. I'm trying to act all cool and mellow, but I'm all excited. 
I'm planning a major trip in July...hope everything works out well for me!  
I'm planning on saving my presentation by putting photos of good looking friends in it. @iamrehman you're already in! 
I'm planning to make some cool photos 
im playin on the comp @ my grannys house!!!    
I'm playing Fallen Angel: Sacred 2 I just bought it today and I'm about to go in! 
im playing games all the time 
im playing grandchase 
im playing my monster at moshimonsters.com! try it. . it can boost your brain! 
im playing soccer with my brother on the streets I haven't done this in a while. 
I'm playing this game with my little brother  http://bit.ly/TPAH7
I'm playing this interesting pirate puzzle game 
im playing with a cat toy its radom but fun 
i'm playing with my little cousin  she is soooo cute ! i love her soo much! and: the mtv movie awards were so goood ! i watched them twice
I'm preparing to an awesome weekend 
I'm pretending I'm my sister, and talking to her boyfriend on MSN. 
I'm pretty  right now.
I'm pretty confident that I passed my exam yesterday. Which is pleasing 
I'm pretty dang sure that i had a very good day today. 
I'm pretty excited about graduation. 
I'm pretty impressed with last night's phone conversation that went for nearly 2hrs.  youre funnnny
I'm pretty pleased with myself. I found a coupon code, and didn't need to pay $15 to activate.   Just $9.99 to start up!
I'm pretty sure I finish my book. thank you mountain air 
I'm pretty sure I'm winning. Loser buys dinner apparently 
I'm pretty sure I've reached the end of the internet. Time for bed 
I'm pretty sure that @aztinad hates me now. I made everyone suprise act hug her &amp; she looked pretty pissed  she'll appreciate it some day.
I'm pretty sure that gravity is just pullin me back to the ground again 
i'm pretty sure that this was the best weekend i've ever had in my whole life! 
i'm pretty tempted to break in &amp; steal it... there are no cops in claremont right?   
I'm pretty tired.. Night twitterbugs 
I'm Princess Protection Program Dependent! *.* This Movie is Perfect...And Demi....Wow...Beautiful...Wow! *.* 
I'm probs legit def tired and am going to sleep.....night all 
I'm proud of myself today 
I'm proud of you  @sarakhh
im Pub in Brighton: Sunday roast, a pint of ale, #gruenevw und EU-Wahlen 
I'm pumped 4 today. 
Im putting my graduation money in the bank 
i'm quite impressed with my strength... i just opened the new pickle jar all by myself 
I'm quite tired.. I'm thinkin' it's time for bed  today was a good day.
I'm rather thankful for the weather cooperating with my suit-up day. 
im reading @mileycyrus twitter  its fun. shes so interesting. watching NCIS
I'm reading a story from an excellent young writer. Me! JK  No, it's Abby's work. 
I'm reading about a harlot... 
i'm reading cleo now 
im reading midnight sun. ahh, thank you Stephenie Meyer 
I'm reading some more of Agile Principales, Patterns and Prictices in C#, it's quite a good read actually it flows quite well so far 
I'm reading THE MEDIATOR SERIES by Meg Cabot 
I'm reading this. 
I'm ready 
Im ready 4 my boo @MarioSoulTruth to go ahead &amp; film this vid!  Im ready 4 him 2 be back on the scene! My Mars Bars 
Im ready for an amazing weekend!  Perfect start with the great sunny weather 
I'm ready for my momma to be home!!!! 
i'm ready for school already! 10 days till ma birthday! 
I'm ready for the MTV 2OO9  GO Zac Rob Kris &amp; HSM3 u r the best
I'm ready for this mama fu! I LOVE Thai food 
I'm ready for this week to be over! Yeah bb! Then this semester will be donezo! 
I'm Ready To Be Moving Sooon....I'm Gonna Love My INDEPENDENCE! 
I'm ready to drop the pretenses, I am forever in love with jQuery, and I want to marry it. Sorry ladies, this nerd is jquery.spokenFor.js
I'm ready to get this final over with and be finished with this summer class. I'm never taking summer classes again. 
I'm ready to go on my shopping spree for the day. thank the lord for gift cards 
im ready to go... no working hard.. just ready to enjoy my wekend.. 
Im ready to hear you say who i am is quite enough  god i love taking back sunday!!
I'm ready to play golf  I'm OUT
Im ready to start deleting history from my life starting w my Phonebook uh oh its spring cleaning 
im ready to tell every girl how beautiful they look because everyone deserves to be treated like a princess on prom night 
I'm real excited for the MTV Movie Awards! I hope Twilight doesn't win EVERYTHING though. And I hope @mileycyrus wins both of her awards 
i'm realllly tired for some reason...hm...so, yea, i'm going to bed. niight twitterworld. 
I'm really bored. Text me please 
I'm really confident about presenting my English project. It helps knowing your topic really well 
i'm really considering eating the left over dim sum from earlier... mmmmm ::sigh:: i'll just wake up EARLY so i can eat it  goood plann!
I'm really enjoying http://vark.com you should try it out 
Im really enjoying this weather, partially rainy and sunny 
I'm really excited about my life plan 
I'm really excited for the reverse reverb stuff. Shoegaze, here I come 
I'm really excited for tomorrow! Can't wait to see Alex, Corey, Pat and Clay! It will be a great day  goodnight never never land
I'm really excited that I'm a Queen Bee on the Power Mom 50 List  I feel really REALLY honored. #nielsenpowermoms
I'm really excited to meet people in SM! 
im really happy 
I'm really happy 
I'm really happy having friends like themmm 
I'm really happy over an honestly silly thing, but, hey, it's a big thing to me! 
im really happy right now! 
I'm really happy...and drunk  but really happy 
Im Really Havinqq An Epiphany    Im Ready To Let It Go.. (Raise Eye Brow) Live Life &amp;&amp; Learn &amp;&amp; Come Back For More 
I'm really highh! Thank you, John, for making my birthday get off to a great start! 
I'm really hoping they pad this show out with as many flashbacks and adverts as they possibly can, good old ITV. 
I'M REALLY HUNGRY. I wanna marry someone who would cook for me  Or just stay with my mom.
Im really in the mood for a pepperoni roll. Ah. Hate concert choir. Cant wait for this crap to be over! 
I'm really not tired. Sitting here eating some golden grams cereal (haven't had that in a while so I'm excited). P.S. Apology accepted 
I'm really open to new people, and God knows how many international friends I have, but if you rank high on my wierdometer, sorry 
Im really rather pleasant usually 
I'm Really really happy 
Im really sick! 
i'm really tired now...gonna go read and then time for bed 
I'm really tired. It's day 3 of two months of this 
I'm reaquainting myself w/ Twitter. Knew I couldn't stay away for long 
I'm reconnecting with friends from back in the day I Love it !!!!  Tracey Rik Tanya glad to have u back
IM RECOVERING FROM THE 21ST BDAY LAST NITE,TODAY IM GOIN TO A COMMUNION 
I'm redesigning my SkipList nodes. If i get this done, I can use this as a database for my opensource media player!! Reduce dependences. 
I'm refreshed by God presence today. 
i'm reinventing my room.. 
I'm relaxing in my room  Text me.
I'm Relaxing reading messages and finishing a project today. 
I'm relaxing until I meet up wit Fay nasty later lol that's my biiiiiiiiiiitch 
Im relocating to my bed to Twitter some more!! I mean do my assignments.... 
I'm reminiscing my childhood. Currently coloring-in my 5year old cousin's colouring book. 
i'm renewing my wedding vows today - i have no idea what to say! maybe the classic...words can't describe what i feel 
I'm report is coming along really good, and i haven't even been tweeting that much. I'm so proud of myself 
I'm rested and ready to go- sunday funday bitches 
i'm right now seeing some pics mine, on Blackberry . OMG. so many stupid and so funny pictures .. LoL  
I'm rocker than the rocks in montana! Or i'm just stuck working at boyd. Oh well. Dinner with sam tonight 
I'm rockin out to BYOB!!  I kinda suck tho. Bt it all good!!
I'm rocking, I'm rolling, I'm feeling great and want to burn something down  YAY!What a great day!
I'm sad I won't get to watch Dwight on tv for a couple of months..I guess the T Mobile commercials will suffice!! 
im sad now i lost a follower :*( that makes me cry btw that i had fun with color guard to night it was fun but miss the senoirs 
i'm sad that all of my twitter buddies have retired to their beds.... hope to hop out of bed and turn my tweet on 2morrow with my friends 
i'm sad that soderling lost but good for him that he came so far, all the way to finals! 
I'm sat in a pub enjoying myself with good friends  in the middle of no where lol
i'm sayin though, can we get some return FF love?? @jetara lol!! FOLLOW ME TO FREEDOM!!!! 
I'm saying a lot of fuck these days...maybe I'm a bit stressed? 
Im saying chau should shut up....twitter style! 
im scared , my love has dissaepared  maybe aliens took him?
I'm search people 
im searching a Sweet Marriage Proposal on youtube  random but sweeet 
I'm searching for pictures of my sister that we are going to show at her confirmation 
I'm seeing &quot;you've got mail&quot; 
I'M SEEING BILLY TALENT! 
IM SEEING JONAS BROTHERS TODAYYYYY 
i'm sending a nod ur way right now  and i dont hate kids, i just.. i think they're.. noisy. like helicopters.. or something?
I'm sending that to myself. I should get out of the boyfriend's house already (and out of these clothes I slept in) Cheers! 
im sending you a goodnight message through my mind! ill be dreaming about you 
I'm sensing lots of cheers in this fun-june 
I'm sensing that mythical &quot;Killer Instinct&quot; from the Lakers right now 
Im serious about what i said eariler, @RockBouvierJr. 
I'm seriously considering using this - http://tinyurl.com/q2yd99 - Thanks to @Parkers233 for the link. I will feel fat doing it though 
Im set. Ready to leave home. I will miss you. You make me very happy 
I'm seventeen. 
im shattered, i hattudying, but my leavers dress arrived today 
Im shattered. Guna hit the sack, maybe read my book for a while before nodding off. tweet you all tomorrow 
I'm sicid rite now..@nik_ke just wrote me back...If I neva tlk 2to her again I'm thankful dat she knos dha luv nd respect I have 4 her 
I'm sick and tired of Twitter because of so many outages. But, I love Twitter! It's like a love and hate relationship. LOL 
im sick of books right now, but i must say, da vinci code was awesome..
I'm sick of hearing &quot;how awesome white people are&quot;. White people this, White people that. No offense white people 
I'm sick!!! Meds will make it better!!! 
I'm sickk :\ But Kayla and Bubbles aree talkin to me, I lalalove them. 
im signing off too! bye bye! i have a b-day party to get too (not andy's.. which would be better). cya 2moz!! 
I'm signing off twitter for a few days. Need to dedicate all my time to my two little twin girls 
I'm simply bored out of my skull...so I decided to make a twitter account 
I'm singing at church in the a.m. and right now I can barely speak. This will be a challenge. 
I'm singing at the Grand St. Cafe tomorrow night at 9:00-10:00. Hope To See You There! 
I'm singing in the rain I feel so good 2day a little hungover though. Beyonce's new video for Ego inspires me I love the dancing 
Im singing my heart away 
i'm single and waiting on someting better   hit me up &lt;3
im sittin here tryin to figure out what to write on this thing! 
i'm sitting around at home. i'm gonna get my hair trimmed in a couple hours. 
Im sitting at grillsmith with my mom and my dad, happy mothers day 
I'm sitting at the mall food court listening to a high school-ish boy defending the bible with his grandpa. It makes my heart smile. 
I'm sitting at work with my buddy Jessica. Probably not doing what I'm supposed to be doing! 
I'm sitting here in my big jumper with my trackies mmm comfortable!!! 
I'm sitting in Burger King with my whopper on the table in front of me 
I'm sitting in class.... waiting for the teacher to get here, and finally writing my first tweet!  
I'm sitting in my arm chair 
I'm sitting in my room thinking about my boyfriend alex who called me about 20 mins ago and he sed he loved me but does he? 
I'm sitting infront of @PhillyD and @bravesgirl5 Best seats ever! And if they see this tweet while I'm here it'll be awkward 
I'm sitting on my &quot;balcony&quot; watching a blackbird hopping around on a tree just a few feet away.He doesn't seem to care that i'm even here 
im sitting on my butt 
I'm sitting on the roof with my bestest friends Soo beautiful 
Im sitting on the sofa watching a movie and eating jelly beans 
I'm sitting with @rfrankwhite and @graywilliammarc talking about twitter.  That's pretty funny... 
I'm skipping Summer Jam this year. Gave my tickets to fam. Haven't given in to the hype. Fam is happy though, they're good seats. 
I'm sleepin over Andrea's house! 
I'm sleeping but i wake up on the night and said: oh my god i need see twitter, and sleep again   haha
I'm sleepy so I'm going to the bed ! Goodnight Everybody 
im sleepy... looking forward to starting my new job tomorrow  hehe
I'm slowly but surely forgetting about you.  now that I know something more about you that I shouldn't know. I thought you were different.
I'm smiling because I'm now following Weird Al on Twitter. 
I'm smoking some chumps on guitar hero online. 
I'm snuggled up in my blankets reading The Host. 
Im so  ! I just finished my twilight book !! Now new moon !! YAY!
I'm so about to write about this event...  Over it 
I'm so blessed.  Thank you Jesus for blessing me with such wonderful friends and family!!
i'm so booorreeeeddd. ohmybrendon, i'm going to italy on Wednesday! 
I'm so bored at home D: but tomorrow I'm going to rp with cuddles 
im so bored i think i might choke!!!!!!!  and im almost out of my Kern's juice! i love that stufff 
im so bored right now i have no idea what to do  its hot tho a little bit 
Im So Bored xx I Think I Might Make Myself A Yummy Coffee  But I Have Like No Organic Oat Biscuits Left xx SHAME X
I'm so bored..I have nothing to do and didn't really do anything all day..I think I'm just going to watch a movie. 
i'm so close to being officially done with high school. two out of three finals are done 
I'm so drunk haha. Cant wait for round 2 tomorrow night  Gnight ppl
I'm so easily fascinated by math, the Bernoulli numbers are my new addiction.  Non-zero integer solutions for n &gt; 2. has been solved 
I'm so ethically conflicted about critical mass. But I have a new bike and it's just so much FUN so I'll be at justin hermann plaza at 6. 
I'm so excited about church today. Singing tonight in evening service. Can't wait to praise and worship my King! 
I'm so excited about Public Enemies. Can't wait for this movie! Looks so good. 
I'm so excited bout the Tonight Show with CONAN O'BRIEN!!!! We're gonna miss you Jay. 
I'm so excited for french lick with my bff this weekend ! 
I'm so excited for Glee on tuesday 
i'm so excited for summer! i get to go home and see all my loves and then summer in SLO!! 
im so excited for tonight! 
I'm so excited for tonight! It's gonna be the best party ever! 
i'm so excited for warped tour!! 
I'm so excited thinking how people are actually buying my shirts and wearing them  Wearing my designs  So awesome!
I'm so excited to go on adventures with John tomorrow! It's time for some sweet dreams 
I'm so excited!  my god! I'll be there... at the River Plate Stadium  yay!
I'm so excited! My mom's bringing a little kitten over for me.. She'll be a great friend for my puppy.  What should I name her?
I'm so EXCITED! Today in stores LINES VINES AND TRYING TIMES!!!! =D Finally!!!! I have to buy it YEAP  LVATT ♥
I'm so excited!!! Farrah and I are having a road trip this summer!!! w/ Haley bird 
I'm so excited...tomorrow i've got a good plan  (i love paula de la guardia)
Im so exhausted but that stupid project is DONE! Hah! Im doneee! The rest is minimal stress 
I'm so exhausted that I'm actually laying in bed waiting on my food to be delivered. But after what I achieved 2day, it was worth it. 
im so far successful  tonight couldnt be better!
I'm so freakin sun burned...getting blisters on my shoulders and back...ugh! Good day on the boat though yesterday 
i'm so freaking happy that i get to go home soon! I can't wait, I'm going to hang out with friends and with Mike...i hope. 
I'm so fuckin drunbkkkk but I fuckin love my babyyy likeon some seious ! &lt;3 off to sleep. Nightr my twittlw tweets ! 
I'm so fucking proud of myself. 
I'm so full  ate soooo much food, drink so much chocolate milk . And now i'm watching who want to be a millionare
I'm so gangster the birds run away from me. 
I'm so getting ordained you guys!!!!! How cool is that! I'm gonna be a minister. So if your planning on gettin hitched hit me up 
Im so glad Diversity won BGT! Yay for them!   xxx
I'm so glad I can see today, yay to remembering put my contacts in! 
Im so glad i get a break from the show! Now im goin swimmin! 
I'm so glad it finally feels like Spring in New York! 
i'm so glad my 13 yrold has learnt to vomit in the bathroom at last .... instead of projectile vomittng from the top-bunk!! had to share 
I'm so glad my golf game is bad because of my old clubs!  OK, it will still be bad, just not AS bad   Time to upgrade.
I'm so glad Panama found Ashton! They are 100% perfect for each other and I'm so happy she's happy again  And I think I'm getting there...
I'm so glad summer is here  still a bit bummed about yesterday :/
I'm so glad that part of my life is behind me. Onto bigger things. 
im so glad that this is the last week of school- maybe then me and the girls can sleep in 
I'm so glad to be back up North where drivers abuse me for no reason/crash right in front of me and it's freezing! 
Im so gladd yesterday is done with! Whata relief!!! 
Im so going to hook up my rooftop with some twinkling lights and a fire pit... 
I'm so happppppy! I can't quit smiling right now . I'm having sweet dreams tonight 
im so happy  - dommie : thanks for your attention i'm so happy jason : you know why i'm so care about your... http://tumblr.com/xcn1wn616
Im so happy Conan is back 
im so happy cuz im not gonna be home schooled. im gonna finish off high school yay 
im so happy i am who i am  i know i deserve respect.. better than i get from my own father..
I'm so happy I don't work in the afternoons anymore! less money...but more sleep and more time! 
i'm so happy i got a 7 for my personal project! all the hard work throughout the year paid off. thanks pak andy &amp; pak kelkar! 
I'm so happy I spent my bday with the people I love the most 
im so happy right now for so many reasons  Xo
I'm so happy right now. my captains chose wisely. 
I'm so happy that Diversity won Britains got talent!  I honestly thought susan boyle was gonna win.
Im so happy that I finally got a haircut and I graduation yesterday, and now im going to get an Ice Carmal Coffee at dunkin donuts, bye! 
I'm so happy that I'm following @JustJared coz the Orli news is from there 
I'm so happy that this is my last day of school, well, until next week that is! 4 day weekend. Woohoo! 
I'm so happy the swine flu finally hit Pullman. Here comes the Zombie Apocalypse! 
im so happy there is a new reason of runs house!!! 
I'm so happy to be at home!!!!! it was incredible wedding!!!! 
im so happy today, coz david archuleta is finally here  and he's so cute and so friendly! hope to meet him (dreaming)
I'M SO HAPPY WHEN EVERYTHING WAS FINE LIKE THAT TIME 
I'm so happy, andd I reely donoo whyyy  !
I'm so happy.  Hanging out with Will and Mel, taking them home soon.
I'm so happy. I love new things.  Stoked arielle and i get to work together today.
I'm so hardcore, I listen to &quot;Growing Up&quot; (Fall Out Boy) instead of &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; on my b-day. 
Im so hot! Bout to jump in a pool! Getting marisa a sombrero!! 
im so hungry toodles! @kerri_louise if i get my brain together i'll write you more later  xx
I'm so hungry, going to eat something and then going to take a bath. I have this cool Motown Album with 5 cd's in it. How awesome 
im so hungry... pork chop ftw me thinks 
I'm so hyped because she heard that @SongzYuuup is going to be at birthday bash. Y'all know that's my favorite singer 
I'm so in love with Anthony Green's voice. Go google him if you don't know who he is 
Im so in love with monkey. 
I'm so in wonder about @mileycyrus's cheeks  They're soo cute! ...But don't you think Ashley Tisdale lost too much weight? mhh =(
I'm so incredibly thankful to be blessed with such wonderful friends who truly care about me 
I'm so joining the new ClubSwing program at the gym in June! Dancing while working on my figure, YEAH! 
Im so just heading home 
im so kilig this morning. i saw him looking @ me! lolz. &quot;huli ka&quot;. you'll see me again later 
I'm so lame i smoke by myself and enjoy it so much 
I'm so late. But my hair looks cute 
i'm so lonelyy with out my bf :[ the next 3 weeks are gonna be dedicated to the sims3 and youtube 
i'm so looking forward to my spa treatment tomorrow 
I'm so lovin' this kid right here  http://video.yahoo.com/watch/5193659/13725558
I'm so much better without you 
I'm so not looking forward to school tommorow. 
I'm so obsessed with crocheting.  Who knew there was so many different things some yarn could make? 
im SO ouT oF iT....pLaYiN truTh oR dARe and 20 QuEStioNs....a LiL tiPsY...lol  RoCKstaRs rOCk =D lol jhkmadesrdsjhxds hgdghf *~*Kevin  ...
Im so over it boi. yer not welcome. hha. 
I'm so over you! hehe...car show coming up 
i'm so paid 
I'm so proud of my dad! He's getting Subway too AND he chose wheat bread!! Cute. 
I'm so proud of my little brother 
I'm so proud of my NAU graduate friend!!! We're getting ready to celebrate  tonight!!! It'll be an international ordeal~ 
I'm so proud of myself  The dumplings I made (together with my grandma) turned out delicious !
I'm so proud of myself! I've been tired as fuck all day but I didn't go home early  yay me!!!
i'm so proud of myself. i just split the chopsticks perfectly, 
I'm so proud of the Summit &amp; TLC graduates  Yeah...3 days left.
im so proud to be out of the closet 
im so ready for kickboxing... this is going to bo so much fun... what a way to work out and to start your morning. lets get this 
I'm so ready for tomorrow.. last day of school. 
I'm so ready to be with him. 
i'm so really proud to be a kapuso  http://bit.ly/vCybN
I'm so siced cause Kevin Jonas said I was rude  lmao
I'm so sick and tired of being sick and tired...love white the affair 
I'm so sleepy today; maybe it's the rain~  It's dark and cool, and rainy~  My day's wide open; no mtgs, rehearsals or deadlines 
I'm so stocked to see the MTV movie awards, can't wait 
Im so stoked for this new chilis thats their building by my house! 
I'm so tanned right now. It's about 40 degrees celsius up here. And I love it!  But I think I will be burned if I go back there...
I'm so thankful,I have my Friends...I love you that much 
Im so tierd... im gona jus sit at home, chill and jam 2 trax while doin nothin 
i'm so tiiired! i think i should go to sleep now, night tweeters!  
I'm so tired after this weekend...but it was fun. I got to see Jess. 
im so tired but i got so much done today and yesterday. im proud of myself  goodnight&lt;3
im so tired but so awake, dont know how it works, im just goin to get sum coke 
im so tired im off to my bed for a few hours. all i want to do is sleep these days. zzzzzzzz haha. so its a goodbye for now 
I'm so tired! *Yawn* It's 3:30AM. I'm going to sleep. Goodnight  xoxo
I'm so tired! I just finished getting ready for church hopefully it'll be a good day today - heres hoping! 
I'm so tired.  I can't wait until this weekend.  PROM.   I have to sign up for pictures today.  I must not forget.  Lol.
im so tired. busiest day of the year at work today. yay. (sarcasm) sleep on... wednesday 
I'm so tired. I am going to have to go to bed here soon. I have a busy day tomorrow, Full of spending time w/ friends and rehearsing 
i'm so tired. i just studied science for one hour .  goodnight. every girl in 8th grade, where flip flops tomorrow 
Im so tired. I wanna head to the bed . So good night 
Im so tired. I've slept like most of today!  My nose hurts today, My arms aren't as bad.. Damn the sun haha (:
im so tired. staying round lauras tonight and then summer ball tomorrow 
im so tired...it's bedtime me thinks   Goodnight all
i'm so twilight obsessed todayyy  i'm gonna finish rereading eclipse and then start rereading breaking dawn! woo! then watch the movieee&lt;3
Im so up for chicken wings right now! Too bad we don't have KFC here in Sweden, but burgerking's King Wings are awesome too, so i'm good 
I'm so very glad that i put my phone on silent. 18 new tweets all night.  i'm totally documenting my day. lol
I'm soar, I'm tired, and I'm burnt. 5 hours of canoeing was still fun though. 
im soo confused by all this twitter pish... i think il stick to bebo 
Im soo down! id have to go after 4 though. that's when I get off  @stereojammy
im soo excited 
I'm soo excited 
IM SOO EXCITED! DAVID ARCHULETA LIKES OWL CITY JUST LIKE I DO!  I NEVER KNEW   WOOT
I'm soo feeling this latin heat....excuse me his Latin heat 
i'm soo happy with the life i'm living. i never couLd give it up  thank good i am hu i ever wanted to b 
im soo obsessed with the song &quot;when i get home your so dead by mayday parade&quot;  it an awsome song!
I'm soo proud of myself finished designing my dress and my mask 
im soo stocked i got Weeds season 4 in the blueray.. werd now im camping out for a few hours. or maybe all night idk.?  
i'm soo sunburned! but disneyland was worth it! 
Im soo tired.  Gonna touch myself for a bit then go to bed  
i'm soo tired. i needa go to bed. but i keep on fighting my sleep. so retarded only lil kids do that  damn..i was told that im sumfinelse
im soO tired.. i did a million thingz today &amp; ima b @ work til 10.. ughh. fabuLous day tho.. cnt complain  so random
I'm sooo bored ...I had 2 weeks holiday and it was sooo boring ...so I'm happy that finally begins the school on Monday !!! 
I'm sooo bored...I could do with talking to some random twitkids idk right now. 
IM sooo boreddd  i love you xxxx
im sooo excited 
I'm sooo freakin glad it's summer  Life really can't get much better!!! Canada in FIVE days 
im sooo fricken tired - i can sleep for 24 hours  Fiesta Filipinas was .................
I'm sooo HAPPY Demi's back on twitter! 
im sooo hungry! i can't wait for a gool ol` home cooked meal from my mommy.  yummmmmy!
i'm sooo hungry. anyone wanna bring me lunch? 
IM SOOO NOT MEAN!  totally loving !! hope ur havin fun on ur havin fun on jury duty maanu !!!
Im sooo ready for snl even if it is a rerun! 
i'm sooo ridiculously excited for the new moon trailer that's going to be shown during the movie awards on sunday. team edward yo!! haha 
im sooo stoked about my jonas brothers tickets!  im tired.. but im up at 8. weird. i loved shopping yesterday! im so happy right now!
im sooo tireddd!!!! i feel sooo sleep deprived. *sigh* i cud actually sleep in tomorrow... 
I'm SOOOO close to 2000 followers!!! 
I'm soooo glad my mom joined Twitter.   Woot-Woot!!! 
Im soooo happy  I just got my nursing program letters!! I start Aug. 31! woo hoo
i'm soooo happy i'm exempt from exams today 
I'm soooo tired!  I'm going to bed now so I can get up early and go shopping with T.  Can't wait!
I'm soooo tired. Long day of motorcycle riding. Another day tomorrow. I love it 
I'm sooooo frustrated and sick of my hair! I want it a lot shorter. Can anyone suggest a hairstyle so I can go for a haircut next week? 
im sooooo funny ik! camp is so fun! iguess???? i couldnt blive the school lets us on here! 
im sooooo happy  thanks @Emily_Rose_D
I'm sooooo happy Miles is back  Spending the day with him.
im soooooo tired goodnight guys!  ^o^
I'm sooooooo bored. Guess I can occupy my time left here with my daydreams... 
I'm sooooooo tired. I can't feel my body.. lol. esp. my feet! but I had madd fun today 
I'm soooooooo irriated why do I have to be such a chiken@paytonrae101 say hi to Christian 4 me 
I'm soooooooooo excited for the New Moon trailer tonight!!!! 
I'm sorry bb. Hang in there 
I'm sorry but i love this picture of me i really dont think I'm gonna change it 
I'm sorry for my late response guys.. it's just that I'm using my psp and it's kinda slow in functioning! 
im sorry i didnt get my ff done yesterday , i wasnt feeling very well . i will get it done before the end of the night tonight 
im sorry i mean www.stardoll.com/member/lollylollies 
I'm sorry those r bad penalties... Good acting by Detroit 
IM SORRY Y'ALL. esp.@segundemuren and @BankyW..i blame my dad for not lettin me get out much!!! soweee 
im sorry zane. atleast you made some money  ... why kind of miller?
I'm sorry. I wasn't poking fun at God earlier. Ok maybe I was, but plz don't be offended I mean no disrespect. 
Im sorting Legos to sell on eBay...weeeeee! 
I'm speaking at  the everywoman conference this November  http://bit.ly/17mneH
Im spending iPhone day waiting for the keynote in EST. I will also be playing hours of Max Payne. Adam will be selling his iphone however 
I'm spending my day with friends...or falling asleep on a couch...whichever path I end up on, either way, it'll be a good day. 
I'm spending my Sunday afternoon alone at TCC with a glass of iced honey latte n a slice of pumpkin cheesecake..ahhh~ this is life 
I'm spending my Sunday in watching The Hills marathon, but will be watching Franky Lampard at 4 
I'm starting a collection of sock yarn, it seems.  Must. Knit. More. Often.   Handmade socks do keep my feet warmer, though!
I'm starting a healthy lifestyle. I'd like people to join me and make a support group. If you want to join me, let me know 
I'm starting summer classes tom.  wish it's worth it.
I'm starting to believe that Gordon Brown will be gone by Monday 
I'm starting to feel really blessed i chose to be a Communication Studies major. 
I'm starting to like Demi Lovato--okay, scratch that. I love @ddlovato!!! 
I'm starting to like Desperate Housewives more than skins 
i'm starting to like the word &quot;sultry&quot; it kinda grew on me 
I'm starting to like these phone calls more often from Mr. Big. Lmao anywho G. Night ya'll people 
im starting to think twitter is pointless :/  prove me wrong 
I'm STARVING. Waiting for Josh to get out of the shower so we can order pizza and settle in with movies.  I'm so happy right now. ♥
I'm starving...going to have a picnic with the girls on the patio.  
I'm staying in afterall. 
I'm staying up all night tonight. Anyone care to join, be my guest 
I'm still a bit battered after my first training session w/ the london rollergirls on Sunday though so be gentle with me! 
I'm still alive!  Finished the 5k in just over 40 mins. Not bad for a chubby guy! 
I'm still bummed that we didn't get to camp on the football field, but late night swimming and sleepovers are amazing 
I'm still floating on cloud nine after last night. I pretty much have the most amazing boyfriend ever. In the history of ever. 
I'm still flying in mid air....really hoping to land on solid ground in t minus one week (or less!)  
I'm still in bed, i still don't feel good. Hopefully mall later, getting another piercing? wooo. 
I'm still new at this....hahaha. Izzatul, see you tomorrow babe! 
I'm still not sure if ze's turning left or right.  http://www.janpolet.nl/images/linksrechts.gif
I'm still pissed they killed J.D. on Harper's Island, I really liked him. Also I didn't get to see 'UP' tonight but I'm going tomorrow 
I'm still pretty stoked that I've made it past 700 followers. I really love all of you who are following me 
i'm still sad about julia but in two hours my sweetheart marina and me are going to the movies watching the new hm movie  that'll be fun&lt;3
I'm still sitting here. Maybe I'll go get some air, I seriously need help, my life is almost as cluttered as my room! 
I'm still tired of being me... I wanna be the new Jan Brady! 
im still trying to figure out this twitter thing. wish me luck. 
i'm still up doing laundry and packing for L.A.  i love CALIFORNIA! 
Im still UP! almost ready to get ready to stripped out of my clothes for bed here..tell me whats going on???? im here tweets! 
I'm still up; cooking up some new material. 
I'm still very happy 
I'm still watching SAW 3 ;Pp what a boredom.!  lol
I'm still watchingg ANOTHER CINDERELLA STORYY ! Selenaa Gomez is the bestt ! . and Drew Seely is a hottie  Jessiee lovess DReww ! hehe
Im stoked on life right now, and it has absolutely nothing to do with my x. 
I'm stood under morrisons clock 
I'm straightening my hairr,ahh im boredd. D: someone entertain me. 
I'm strangely happy. Whoever wants a hug can just come 
im struggling to learn how this works.....but kinda getting addicted anyways....yay nba updates 
I'm studying now!! @ bugis library!!  with classmates!!
I'm stuppid it wasn't even me.,, ya woah I'm a liar umm I'm confused help!! lol phone shopping tomro  &amp;others
I'm such a camera geek. 
I'm such a good daughter. Breakfast in bed for el Madre, mhm 
I'm such a lazy shit.  Read my blog: http://www.zoeface-x.blogspot.com
I'm such a loser who has no life 
Im such a nice master...my dog is loving her porterhouse bone. She's in doggy heaven. 
I'm such a proud uncle right now. 
I'm such a Twitter noob. I bet that Twitter vets hate kids who type something every minute. It won't be like this all the time, I promise 
I'm suffering here!!  Oh and Grannys just arrived...  
I'm sunbathing in the garden... life is good 
I'm supeeeeer dee dupeeeeer excited 
i'm super excited for this Sat's chill out night with Edin and April under Davao's lights. 
i'm super fool i might barf, but thanks to @charlie_esc for the dinner. 
I'm super pumped today!!!!  Demolition Derby today.....Gonna play in the mud..pics to follow!!! 
I'm suppose to be doing Homework but instead I'm making a twitter account  go fig
I'm suppose to be working 
I'm supposed to be doing revision but came on twitter instead :S I'm gonna fail so bad! But twitter is addictive 
im supposed to be saving for europe. so what am i doing tonight? oh right- buying a new blackberry. stupid impulse buys! 
i'm supposed to do stuff for school, but reading last nights tweets is more interesting 
I'm sure all you people with hangovers will be glad to know I'm hangover free  @fjkeogh hope you're not too fragile this morning!
I'm sure COOL-ER learned from other e-readers out there  and looks like they have a more affordable device that is user friendly. #BEA09
I'm sure I'll be back tomorrow   
I'm sure I'll get quite the eye-roll when he gets out of work and reads my tweets. 
I'm sure it's a ton of fun down there 
I'm sure my family will enjoy the quietness! 
I'm sure we would have missed you. 
I'm sure you were #11 @CaptZerks, right @SciFiScoop?  Sorry, but The Doctor as #1=awesome. A great list! Some very fine aliens.
I'm surrounded by negativity good thing there is a Fly Guy to give me hope that there is something better  thank u Jesus
I'm swamped with work... I need another 2 pairs of hands and another 3 brains... @SelinaKok  Happy Birthday to your mummy! 
Im sweeter than i should have been  my new phrase
im switching my winter clothes out to summer. ohgod, im getting old. Aha 
I'm takin a shower now I suppose 
i'm takin it easy this morning cuz the hubby had me out late lastn nite 
I'm taking @RascalMurray for a haircut today. He doesn't know it yet ! 
I'm taking a bath, then watching TV until I fall asleep.  I've got class tomorrow morning, nyah!   See y'all 'round!
im taking a break from @mileycyrus gossip and @JustinMGaston/mustin news besides i have a big test and don't need to thing about her/him 
Im taking a leave from work today. Planning to finish some long sending 'home work'. Hopefully 
I'm taking a look at my future piano lessons and it's scaring me... too many notes and not enough fingers 
I'm taking a practise driving test   All of my friends have their L's so i may aswell get mine too...
Im taking apart bleachers 
im taking back what belongs to me..!! 
Im taking it easy in Paris 
I'm taking it easy this weekend, watch some blu rays play some games and look after the pregnant lady. 
I'm taking leaps and bounds in all aspects of my life. It's quite tiring 
I'm taking off for a bit, going to go hang out in a public cafe and get some writing done... @Niches101 copy is coming soon 
I'm taking on the Prime Minister of Canada (@pmharper) like @aplusk took on @cnn. - http://bit.ly/CxT1N  Help! 
I'm taking the most relaxing bath ever! 
i'm talking on twitter 
IM TALKING TO CASS AND EMMA  HEY GUYS (:
im talking to my bro! 
Im talking to Nadia 
I'm talking to Taylor..... and now I'm not. XD She is awesome! Tomorrow is a new day, hopefully it's as great as today was. 
Im teaching at Commonwealth Sportsclub in Boston tonite at 630pm..if you are in B-town..come through  GET ready Boston...lets DANCE!!!
im teaching the other fatin from sarawak to speak the way i speak. ha alah. kecoh la kau ni bodoh. hahaha! i LOVE to curse 
Im tellin jokes with my friends and just chillin. Its nice out. 
I'm textn and driving with a cop infront of me!!  suckkaz
i'm that guy eating the nandos chips on the train. yes, with the 'hot' peri-peri 
I'm the 13th most powerful vampire of all time!!!! And 5th today! YAY! 
im the best i ever had 
Im the Birthday Girl today! Bacon sandwich, sunbathing, picnic, drinks, out for dinner... perfect day! 
I'm the brightest thing here! Hot pink nails, aqua ray bans, and red converse  that'd pretty funny
Im the crazy old lady in madagascar. 
'I'm the fury in your head, I'm the ghost in the back of yourrrr head.' omg foals sound awsome  New album now? Please?
I'm the goddess of all things cards! Sorry Bobert 
I'm the happiest when I'm with him  
I'm the hero of the story. I don't need to be saved. Ah. Regina spektor. Thanks for the pick me up  http://myloc.me/2sOE
im the kind of girl that will start laughing in dead silence at something that happened yesterday 
I'm the little nhitle without a fiddle 
i'm the new member 
im the only one in my family who has had an appetite through this sickness. oh well, at least I'm not losing weight 
im the only one tweeting at 1:30 AM haha 
I'm think I'm going to vote for the greens to get back in 
I'm thinkin' I liked how the UStream session went tonight. That's probably the fastest I've inked a piece that size in quite some time. 
I'm thinking about how to spend some &quot;free money&quot; I won recently.  Hmm. So many things one can purchase.  Perhaps a nice lunch.  
I'm thinking about making a versaemerge shirt this summer. Dark grey with multi-colored fireworks...what do you think? 
I'm thinking about making my girls' weekly meeting a tradition  i love traditions
I'm thinking about making my own blog somewhere..or smthn like tha..  bad idea ?
i'm thinking about writing a new song today 
im thinking bacon for dinner. it wasn't many days since i had it, but uuuh BACON  love love love! (am i seriously writing LOVE for bacon?)
I'm thinking burgers on the grill tonight.  
i'm thinking every school day should only go till 9:40 
im thinking highlights  http://sml.vg/HXr9z3
I'm thinking I have the coolest niece ever!! 
I'm thinking I really need to be in Cali right about now. Things that interest me most are over there 
i'm thinking i'm blessed that ive a cmputr &amp; a fireplace on ths cold evening. Feeling content, I shall scuttle on off 2 bd  Nite all
I'm thinking I'm gonna myspace 4 a bit but will b checking in 
I'm thinking maybe I should raid the fridge n have me a piece of apple crumble pie  http://myloc.me/2TPF
I'm thinking of giving a party at my house today...  after recording... 
Im thinking of going on a random bike ride with aliceee yes i shall upload pictures of it later 
I'm thinking on start exercising tomorrow, so I can start BJJ school next month 
i'm thinking packing and mani Pedi today. btw, looking at this sun and blue skies even when ppl love to see me frown my mood is bright. 
I'm thinking some Swimming Rama courtesy of Thai Tom on the Ave. would make this day so much better. 
Im thinking that Im going to hurt for a couple days after starting a workout routine - but damn Im gonna be lookin good soon - 
I'm thinking that there is no reason I can't have the BMW I want.... I will obtain it 
I'm thinking the unthinkable for this weekends photo meet. Fil...... so hard for me to say it 
I'm thinking this is not something you want, this is something you need.... I'm talking about honesty and you daily fiber 
I'm thinking to upgrade the wheels/tires on my 2009 Camry SE and just wanted some input from you all  After countless hours of searchin..
I'm thinking tomorrow will be harder than today. Tomorrow for sure i'll be counting down the hours til the work day is over. 
I'm thirty (cough) years old and I still like to get a running glide on a grocery store cart  (via @waysidedrive) amen to that.
I'm tipsy at work.....  her bad for bein 3 hours late for her appointment! Reckless ass female.....
Im Tired  Goodnight Twitter.
I'm tired :O , Now I'm going sleep ;D Goodnight everyone ( uhu...here in Belgium is it Night  ) x
I'm tired and hungry.. Tai food soon 
I'm tired buh s000ooo excited ab0ut 2nite! 
I'm tired but happy. 
im tired but i dont want to sleep. stomach ache for 2 days which wont go. and i just feel crapppppppp urgh skin urgh legs urgh hair. 
I'm tired but still blastin CB in my iPod  time 4 my coffe!! lol
I'm tired of Plants Vs Zombies already. Going to have a rest now. For the day. 
I'm tired of rain. Show tonight in Dover 
im tired! back here! 
I'm tired, bored and would much rather be outside in the sun 
im tired, helping people move is no joke, i cant even imagine how they feel, dinner with csun peeps tomorrow  yay!
I'm tired, hungry and need some coffee! Oh yeah that's a usual morning 
Im tired, so tired, the party was cool, there was a lot of people 
im tired. but theres still like 9 hours left... D: im NOT driving home tomorrow. :3 lol. also im going to get my lip done.. 
I'm tired. I have two choice now. Do physics or sleep....mmm. Its a clear answer. Good nite 
i'm tired.. my sister and i made a big bicycle tour yesterday,.  love you,darlin.
im tired... but im off to watch the mmva's! insteda of homework.. sssh 
im tired........... just back from school lol 
im tired...way to much texting and phone talkin 
Im tiredd  &quot;UP&quot; was amazing!&lt;3
im to young&amp; innocent to  be reading some of this.be on later! 
im too excited to sleep... today was a good day. 
i'm too generous to fast foods company. 
I'm too happy to sleep.  Bron has finally been silenced the universe makes sense again 
I'm too sleepy to be here... but the Bahamas should be nice    http://twitpic.com/7j8qn
I'm too tired to think of a #dream #travel post for tomorrow. Anyone care to inspire me? All suggestions will be schedule at some point. 
I'm totally absolutely excited about DJ Hero!!! 
im totally craaazzzzzy right now,,,gosh... im gonna loose it... 
Im totally diggin on the @Highalertstatus  beats   Listening to K9 funk rt now Go check em out at http://www.myspace.com/highalertstatus
I'm totally going to bed right now. 
Im totally gunna change my name to Amaya. it's japanses name  it means &quot; night rain&quot;  any thoughts, anyone?
I'm totally jazzed! Found a sandwich on sale at the store that's big enough to feed me for THREE meals -- good stuff 
I'm totally keeping my Washington poster from Coach Partin's class.  I like my space needle 
Im totally listening to the @JonasBrothers a little bit longer Record over and over again  x
I'm totally loving the sims 3 
im totally thrilled. 
I'M Touching myself 
i'm training my level 30 pikachu on pokemon yellow. 
im tryin to work twitter 
I'm trying out Digsby that supports IM+Email+Social Networks..  http://digsby.com
I'm trying out FishWrangler since I got banned from Mousehunt (MOUSEHUNT SUCKS) 
Im trying to explain to my mom what twitter is  lolol
I'm trying to get files from A to B. I need to go to bed unless I want to lie in sick. 
I'm trying to reach 800 followers by morning! That would really cheer me up! 
I'm trying to understand how twitter works 
i'm trying to understand what is twitter.....Not going to happen yet 
I'm trying to win these @BOWWOW614 tickets to Summer Fest in Raleigh, NC from K 97.5!!!!! This will make my day!!  Jus got off work too!
I'm trying twitter out 
im tryna be a 40 year old virgin 
I'm turning off SMS updates to everyone for awhile to see if I can get used to Twitterberry. 
I'm tweeting during school, how naughty 
I'm tweeting from my fancy dancy new phone. 
I'm tweeting on the move agghh - in transit between the sixth form centre and the study 
I'm tweetwalking now, what's next? That's got to be better than @ix9's made up word 
i'm twitterbooking while you're asleep.  see you at church in a bit.  
im twittering @mike_west that Im wearing my twitter shirt, that enver gets old 
I'm twittering my links with TwitterBar 2.1.2, add on in Firefox, try it out 
I'm twitterring and facebook-ing and blogging and myspac-ing and bullshitting 
I'm twitting cause i feel like it. And what nuiguhhh!? 
I'm twitting. 
im uber excited for prom!! 
I'm up  HELLO EVERYONE
Im up ! 
I'm up &amp; getting ready for another day!! I'm off tomorrow so that's my motivation!! 
im up &amp; tired. going to another bbq soon! adleast the weather is nice still  + i still have an obsession with sean smith &amp; diversity &lt;3
Im up and at it early this morning. Already @ work. Come in early and leave early to get the long weekend started! 
I'm up and dressed. I'm going to king's island today. 
Im up and have been for another walk to the castle this morning. Getting ready for a college trip to Glyndwr. Fun 
im up and im fully awake! and it's 1:40pm...jeez I'm actually really lazy. not my fault tho, didnt get in til 5 
I'm up and ready to clean my nana's fridge  ..... haha
I'm up awfully early for a saturday!!! But I'm a good girl &amp; get to go onto an AWESOME set for me to shoot BTS for my website!!!  JEALOUS!
I'm up but would rather not be. LOL 
I'm up in the middle of the night, as usual; typing out my first twitter update. Feeling like I'm joining the world at large.  
im up sooo early. im too excited &amp; i have alot to do before we leave for SIX FLAGS! 
I'M UP STUDYING BEGIN. Mum wants to go on an outing to town on the bus and everything, alright 
im up watching Lady Sings The Blues this movie is awesome... back when divas could really act 
Im Up!  whats up everyone?
I'm up! Getting ready to shoot in B more with Sam Holden, and then Johnny. 
I'm up! Good afternoon everyone! I'm in a great mood today 
I'm up! Had a great lie in 
Im up! It's a cold morning. Im gonna eat my breakfast, ok lets see whats on the table.. 
I'm up! Time to catch up with anything I missed last night! 
I'm up! Yay..tge sun is out!!  Xx
im up!. 
i'm up, been crunchy nutted, and about to get ready to meet my friends german exchange students  then showing them around lynn 
I'm up, going to get a bath, being a nail model at 9am. 
I'm up, I'm getting ready 4work (well sorta) Im so glad I bought Claritin last night. No sneezies 4me today! Sleepy tho, but it's ok. 
I'm up, I'm up, and buying tickets in 44 minutes.  Wish me luck 
I'm up, sober, no headache or hangover of any kind, it's a sunny, beautiful day....  Wow, people.  Life is good.  
I'm up.  Sick as hell, not goin to school for the last week. Haha. Text me?  843-274-2661
I'm up.  That was the longest nap ever. 
I'm up.  Wahey. Should do revision but cbb.
I'm up. I have a plan to transform my bedroom today. Random. 
I'm up. Yesterday was wonderful....the best anniversary.  
I'm up.. and eating yummy breakfast with my sweety little brother  omg sweety?? not really  hehe 
im updating cus jasmine nudged me 
Im updating my blog. sharing my experience on my first day of being a senior 
i'm updating my twitter!! 
im updating on an imac at partridge.  
Im UPDATING SMTGS  hee
Im uploading camping pics onto my facebook! Check it outttt! 
Im uploading loads of mcfly vids on youtube  there good (Y)
I'm uploading VEDA 7 as we speak 
i'm used to singing SOS by JB, not rihanna, ahh well, used to love this song 
I'm using computer in the gym! I'm actually new here, I'll post my new twitter account in facebook. 
i'm using new hot rollers and i waiting for effects 
I'm uup..I don't really know what will I do today. maybe just sitting here, reading NM, or playing guitar 
I'm very excited about my new job. Wish I could start earlier. 
I'm very excited for my date with @vanillabean45 tonight. I can't wait for 530.  isn't she the best?
I'm very fond of the navigation rollovers on http://www.abettertomorrowbook.com/ ... and yes, the book is cool too; but those rollovers! 
im very frustrated and bored. someone talkk to meee. 
I'm very grateful to Neil for his concern  thanks mate
Im very happy atm  Ahha, and Hopeful that I get to see Jonas Brothers on the 15th of June! XD
I'm very happy with my web exam 
I'm very inspirational...&amp; i love that about me 
i'm very jealous of the brisbane kids in line for the atl conert right now. going to bed. night 
im very much excited to go back to school 
I'm very proud of myself for not causing a shrieky scene at the airport last night. 
I'm very sick. Didnt go to school today, my alarm didn't work. Think i slept through it! Watching Blades of Glory 
im very sleepy but.wAaAh I cant! why why why?? ...oouuh! pizza... weeee mozarella cheese. my favorite! weee 
Im very sure... I know who a Baby Schumi is!! 
I'm very tired working on this set &quot;Born to be a Star.&quot; 5 more hours to go but I'm glad I'm here 
i'm very tyred. i only slept 2 hours 
I'm very very excited :') i feel the same emotions i felt THAT March 28  ♥
I'm very very happy that you like my pics!! THX 
I'm VERY VERY hungry! Don't anyone on my timeline dare to talk about food :@ Or I'll seriously eat you up! 
im veryy hungrryyy, gonna gett something to eatt, then get changedd, going out with emmaa, gonna get my ribbon 
I'm vicious, so delicious! ALL the boyz wanna EAT!  Let's get messy-messy wit it!
Im waitin for kc to get twitter 
im waiting for a call.. 
I'm waiting for Code Geass to come on and then Cowboy Bebop to round up a good Monday night 
I'm waiting for company 
I'm waiting for Eska Music Awards 
im waiting for my iranian buddy 
Im waiting for my Maggi Mee to be cooked nw 
Im waiting for New York Goes To Work! 
I'm waiting for some POPEYES...a girl has got to eat! Holla 
I'm waiting for the day that I have 100 followers. 
I'm waiting for the 'pick up' call, LOL   Ahh the life with a teenager ;-)  I'm so blessed, he's a GREAT son!!! 
Im waiting for the summer to begin so i can spend some time with my man. 
I'm waiting for tonight ! 
i'm waiting for u to ask me for a link to my beat CD. 
I'm waiting my love 
I'm waking up! WooHoo! Good Morning! Gonna take it easy, bbq later then go see a Dokken Tribute band play. Rokken Dokken band, fer sure!! 
Im walking around the house singing Ive lost my shoes this aint aint good (tune to About a girl by The Acamdey Is).  *I &lt;3 Cupcake*
Im walking at the track listening to my ipod, realizing that those who matter most are closer now than ever, and that makes me happy 
I'm walking in new shoes now 
i'm walking on sunshine 
im walking! on jfk blvd. downtown philadelphia. my hometown! im passing my old preschool! its kinda cold. 
Im wanting to here from my boyfriend; sleepyhead 
I'm washing dishes, and cleaning up the kitchen area... while listening to my iTunes..  
I'm watchig shit 
im watchin Alladin on Disney XD 
I'm watching &quot; Baby Sittor &quot; !!! 
i'm watching &quot;night of the living dead&quot;   
I'm watching 7 Pounds with the hubby  I'm so glad he is home!
I'm watching a movie 
I'm watching a movie at the moment... so pretty unresponsive  http://ff.im/-3qyJJ
I'm watching a soccer match 
i'm watching antiques roadshow on PBS 
I'm watching Beverly Hills Groomer  after taking Loki for his walk
I'm watching BOLT played by @mileycyrus again 
I'm watching Bridezillas &amp; although I don't like the bride, I LOVE her wedding theme! Stealing ittttt!! 
i'm watching Buffy whilst tweeting 
I'm watching Deal or No Deal! nothin else to do.. LOL. What r my twitterbugs doing?? 
I'm watching employee of the month Dane Cook is hilarious 
I'm watching Friends at the moment, love it! Then im going to finish off 'The Choice' - Nicholas Sparks, then order a new one!! 
I'm watching Harry Potter and I can't wait until All Time Low 
I'm watching Harry Potter and The Order of the Pheonix cuz I'm mint like that. 
I'm watching Hook and loving it 
Im watching Las Vegas on TNT HD. Oh yeah and good morning fellow twitterers 
I'm watching law and order 
Im watching madeas class reunion ha tyler perry is a genius 
I'm watching Malibu's most wanted.....Orlando TV sux! 
i'm watching missing pieces, just coz the theme song is lost without you 
im watching my boyfriend play Super Mario Galaxy!! lifes a joy 
I'm watching 'new york minute' with Mary-kate and Ashley. Sometimes I wish I had a twin sister- it would be fun 
Im watching night at the museum. awesome movie 
Im Watching PhillipDefranco's New Video yeyaah. One of the highlights of the day 
I'm watching Practical Magic again. 
I'm watching project runwaaaay 
im watching rat race and eating cookies! 
i'm watching recess... the cartoon show 
im watching resident evil extinction, i must be bored, thats why i feel so paranoid!!! 
im watching rove and kelly clarkson is on  I didn't even no she was in australia.
I'm watching some funny videos on Youtube. Check this out: http://bit.ly/TXzcY  
i'm watching taylor swift now music video....   it's sooooo cool.!    chek it out....
i'm watching television 
Im watching TERMINATOR tommorow 
I'm watching the &quot;Cold Case&quot; eppisode where david_henrie appear   just Hot!!! 
I'm watching the City right now, and I must say that it rocks! Whitney, you're is such a nice person and everything!  @WhitneyEVE
Im watching The Curious Case of Benjiman Button again, with my family this time. Im so in love with this movie   ceannycyclone&lt;3
I'm watching The Hitcher now with my mom. Well she is my movie-watch partner nowadays! And so.. she isn't that bad 
I'm watching the man I'm going to marry become a doctor right now. It's a great day  Congrats to the UC Davis Med School Class of 2009!
Im watching the movie awards  TTYL.
I'm watching the movie ''The curious case of Benjamin Button'' its good yet 
Im watching the Mtv movies awards 
i'm watching The OC 125 
im watching the sun rise  it's 4.23 am 
Im watching tinkerbell the movie, and eating fettuccine alfredo 
I'm watching turkey #f1 quali again  EJ seems more likeable this weekend
Im watching tv and the fact that Hannah Montana has WAAAY more money than Maddona makes me giggle 
im watching twilight with the commentary  huzzah
im watching use somebody! i love that song!!  kings of leon are freakin awesome!
im watching wat not 2 wear i actually cant stand stacy but i love clinton  about to turn in 4 da nite.... gn every1
I'm way late in getting my AP magazine, but damn it, i got my Microphone and Vox Recorder today . All i need is Garage band and I'm set 
I'm way to sleepy.. Ill watch my shows lata..Good nite twit-fam!.. God bless!..XoXo 
I'm wearing a silly hat 
I'm wearing a skirt today.  Haven't worn one in . . . a LONG time.    Guess losing 78 lbs has given me a little confidence. ;)  Heh.
i'm wearing a tshirt with my new user image on it. i got the shirt in ljubljana at some kooky street vendor. 
I'm wearing a wooly head band thing...imagine a beanie with the top cut off so you can put your head through it. Very satisfyingly warm 
I'm wearing an awesome t-shirt today  Wanna know what it says?
Im wearing ankle pants today!!!! Awkward but fun 
I'm wearing green in support of Iran and Democracy... Are you? (via @tracylynnaxo) | I'm also wearing green to save the environment! 
i'm wearing my glasses ryt now. it's not too shabby. it's actually looks good on me.  haha.
I'm wearing size 10 pants...O.O  WOW   Calculus in like an hour.
im web cam-ing with my sister  so good to hear your voice sister  miss youuuu
I'm weird, in all this French Open thing I want to start reading Twilight again!! Well that's odd 
i'm well excited- they do mini creme egg twisters in mini hero's now! 
im well pleased with the vet bill today...not as bad as I thought and I got Fudge chipped 
im what they call a love addict 
I'm wheeling &amp; dealing today. But not in a sleazy, used car salesman kind of way. Not that there's anything wrong with used car salesmen. 
I'm wiped - sweet dreams lovies 
i'm with @raefresnido and @samgracee chillin like villains 
im with BECKKKYY yayyyy shes a glitter freak and we did our makeup with colored lipgloss and then cuoldnt get it off  we have 2 much fun
IM with friends.. 
I'm with Gabiiii  And we're total kool kydzz
im with my @bff  we're watching a movie
im with my grandma and my dogs   http://twitpic.com/6t1ip
im with my nephew .. im very happy with him ... I love him 
I'm with Patricia and Javiera and we are watching Grey�s Anatomy 
Im with Shoe now. Miss her so much!! 
Im with some friends 
I'm wondering if winter is really over now so I can take the motorcycle out of the shed? I'm starting to get the itch to ride again 
Im wondering is there anybody lookn for models.....cuz I'm one 
I'm wondering the result of the Rockets/Lakers game??  Anyone from Houston??  
I'm wondering what to have for Breaky along with my iced nettle tea??!   Don't really feel hungry for anything else.
I'm workin the Twitter mobile! Yay me. 
I'm working on shrinking my colorized versions of iNinja. I found a way to shrink each one from 170+MB to under 40MB!! 
I'm working on some hip-hop dance lesson ticket.. thingamajigs. Then working on planning the Quebec City New Years trip for my school. 
I'm working on wedding registry stuff....the joys! 
I'm working on wire wrapped earrings looks like peacock feathers. Coming soon 
Im wrecked after my long day and off to bed now... night all!! sweet dreams.... of Kelly!! (or Rich for you Rosie)  xxx
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. 
I'm writing a report in third person.. and it ain't even #thirdpersonthursday yet! 
i'm writing a song. my last post; those are some lyrics from it. 
I'm writing about stuff right now 
I'm writing Babineaux, while talking to lovely Amber Leigh. 
I'm writing Chapter 120! ALMOST done! 
I'm writing from my BlackBerry now. 
im writing new songs about friends they are very interesting lol i like them 
Im writing something up right now.. I think you're all gonna want to read this... 
im writing this message down right NOW!!   
im writing this one for my sister on the west coast  from another mother:  I'm stronger, I'm wiser , I'm better so much better! 
I'm writing, now. 
I'm writting a new novel!!! I'm so happy 4 that! I hope to publish soon! 
I'm your biggest fan I'll follow you until you love me Papa-paparazzi ...  lalala 
Im yours - Jason Mraz  shit i hella love the summer. . .
im yours and suddenly your mine...brighter than the sunshine 
im yours darlingggggg 
Im Yours is playing 
Im.in.the.room Im.watching.the.HANNAHmovie.withMOM.She.said.this.film.very.great. 
ima 15 baby  and still going strong haha
Ima attempt to tan. Haha. This oughta be good. 
ima be gone for a long time. school's in and i gotta pay attention. gonna miss everyone!  have a great day. BYE 
Ima eat a Big Ass breakfast, go to work and try n get some rest! &quot;Its Super Friday for me&quot; 
ima follow @adriankneal because he asked me so nicely, plus he 6ft 2 1/2 and yall know i love me a tall drink of man juice lmaoOooOO 
Ima get one of those shweet slushies.  those are amazing for your tummy. I wonder if i can get some tots too. Haha. &lt;3 via a ton
I'ma go 2 sleep..I guess. Night. 
ima go buy a pair of dickes. I neeed some. 
ima go in the bath 
Ima gonna take a nice long shower and then hit the sheets  enough twittering for the night 
Ima have thuyvy's car for a few hours  going to the bank
Ima hit the hayyyyyyyyy. LOL. im dead tired! Before i go, HAPPY 18TH TO MA SISTER  Alrighty,Toodles tweets and celebs! TALK TO Y'ALL SOON.
ima mess l0okn thou .. sweats, a hat and a h0odie 
Ima miss EVERYONE over the summer. Believe it or not, even Mikey and Daniel. BLECH.  But yea, I mean EVERYONE.
I'ma start this day with Walgreens. 
ima with all my friends  hows your night going?!
iMac is in Sydney 
Imagina uma mistura do Johnny Cash e do Ian do Joy Division? É o som da banda The National. Boa demais. (via @crackpotideas) Legal mesmo. 
imagine a mountain made with French pastry 
Imagine by John Lennon one of my favorite songs 
Imagine waking up to this for a week  in Sunny Isles Beach, FL http://loopt.us/miUjlA.t
imaging games. doh. parents just left, home alone this week. next sunday:Rome 
Imay have bad taste, but i really really like Anri Jokhadze's new polit. Video  http://bit.ly/spwnQ
Imma Be - great new black eyed peas! Imma be listening to that shiit!  Download: http://www.mediafire.com/?3zmyizwznmj
Imma be different....I love Mondays 
Imma be working at Einstein/Montefiore hospital in the BX at a radiology clinic as a senior patient clerk. And thanks  @KeniaC
imma eatin pancit palabok with my family at home! 
imma go ge tthis rental right now, one you muhfuckas is coming to summerjam with me 
imma go out in the garden and tan my milk bottle legs  Tweet  Away Later =D
Imma going to church &gt;l( well... at least  i have mt Ipod 
imma holla at all yall 2morrow.    muahzz.  sweetdreams
imma sleep in a bit.gunna do some things first  xo
Imma start being like my old self. Total asshole 
imma take izzy with me to manchester today  imma sneak her in to cinema, she will fit in my bag. if not spikes mum can dog sit.
Imma text laura hahaha  if you get a text from a randm number @shersgirl, its me ahaha.
I''''mmmmmm boreeed and don't wanna sleep. It's incredibly hot in my house. I wish people would reply to me moar! 
Imogen Heap Speak For Yourself....AMAZING CD!! 
imonaspaceship... - cocoshaynel: hi hi  whats up nothing, just tumblin and listenin to musica  u?? haha... http://tumblr.com/xkx1z8jvm
iMovie 09 isn't too bad once you get the hang of it. Definitely need a better camera than the flip though. Wonder if I can sell the cats? 
Impecável , já twitto por sms  -  www.tweetaporsms.com
impending 2 hour team meeting/training session only made better by the fact i have a lemon torte cake for all 
Implemented water cooled system for the first time in India.... saving more than 30% on our energy bill..... One more green intitiative 
important      steve and danz's arrival in glasgow has been delayed for those interested 
Important announcements regarding Victory@25 will be made this afternoon... Stay tuned! 
important information to discuss about important thinggsss 
Importing #Netbeans sources into #Eclipse feels kind of strange 
Importing pictures from my digicam to my laptop. 
Impressed with my cooking this morning....  and they say city girls can't cook! YEA RIGHT!
impressed with the flowers i made today! 
Impressive how quick I can make a mess of a room. Wow 
Impromptu party. Modest mouse and beer. 
Impromptu road trip - taking DH to work then taking mom to look at puppies  See ya later for #flyinglushes time 
Impromtu camping is the best 
Improved shop pictures... more listings coming soon!  www.thisgoodlife.etsy.com xD Do you want to be my first sale? Heehee.
I'msuper excited for tomorrow 
imust go clean some more. oh fucking boy. offffff to billeting tonight. love you all  bbl
in &quot;boca del r�o&quot; beach. in southern Peru. a nice and peaceful place with some friends.    
in @snajd 's hood - shopping for a lamp 
in 17 Again. quality time with Zac Efron. 
In 2 weeks, at this hours, i'll be in Madrid, in the queue of Jonas Brothers' concert  I'M SOOOOOOOOOOO EXCITED!
in 24 hours I will be with Laura Beth 
In 24hrs time I will be at uni waiting to start my 1st exam, scary. I am working hard this morning though, and feeling ok about it atm 
In 3rd period 
In 5 minutes I am going to literally die from #boredom! Friday nights are NOT suppose to be boring! Especially at my age! Lol 
in 50 minutes i'll be playing soccer, yeeees ! i'm gonna have so much fun 
in 8Days i will become a more wiser &amp;mature lady..LMAO!YEAH RIGHT!!.. But I will b a year older  HURRAY 4 ME!
In '99, my brother interviewed at GM, point blank told them their products were crap, and was surprised he didn't get the job 
In a bad mood. Dylan needs to call me  K, thanks!
In a cab. Yes I went out only bc I love @avphomer.  On my way home. Round 2 tomorrow. at HK!
in a considerably better mood cos I've remembrd I don't start work til 5 today. I finally get to sit in the sun. Yay. 
In a few days I'll post the youtube videos and buzznet blog 
In a few hours I will get to see my beautiful bride for the 1st time in her wedding dress  #levywedding
in a few hours.... JB The 3D Experience 
In a few minutes to Delft and getting a ice-cream plus my Nintendo DS 
In a great mood  but it's lightning and thundering, NOT COOL.
In a great mood so I'm going to spread my job around. Be positive and love those who hate you  peace and positivity!!
in a happy place ....finally 
in a hotel room!! so tired tonight was awesome tomorrow will be better great bands and great friends 
In a john mayer mood on my break. And the Grill cheese is satisfying. 
In a massage chair.. Shit feels so good  ready to dance!!
in a meeting trying to stay awake. 
In a mint clay mask, doing my nails and whatnot. Wooooot. 
In a prayer meeting BEFORE getting my coffee and really feeling it 
in a random skype call with @unwordedletterr, @heatlopez, &amp; @shadow4795!  &lt;3
in a short while I'm going to school 
in a super good mood 
In a taxi going through the drive thru of In N' Out Burger! I'm looooving California 
In a thoughtful mood today. Just had a McDonalds. So bad but so good. Going to the movies later 
In a verryyyy good mood 
In a very romantic mood today. Maybe b/c I have a wonderful week in L.A. coming up 2morrow....... 
In a way I was glad it happened .. ? But still ? ..... omg  ?
in abilene for a while 
In about 4 hours, I'll be playing Battletech boardgame for the first time in years.  Finally  
In about an hour my 5yo goes for his K school physical = 4 immunizations = tears = Toys-R-Us bribe / reward 
In all my years of making videos, I've never had this much support for anything!  I can't tell you just how happy I am right now.  TY! 
In all things, always remember to give thanks to God.  
in an airport... bored but u can b watching supermodelme.tv with behind the scene photos 
In an hour they are there 
in an incredibly good mood. 
In and out con @thelyness.  &lt;3
In and Out with mah buddys   in my car atm with bhard and joel
In Annapolis eating crabs...chipped my new manicure but sooo worth it! yum! 
In art class finishing my painting 
In art kids, Watercolorin! Lunch soon. Shelby's after school. Maybe Taco Bell too.      I love Shelby!
in assembly  goodnightttt
in at 5am. gosh, rochester nights never fail to disappoint or surprise me. goodniiiiight. 
In atlanta catching up with an old pal.  GJK+KWR
In Atlantic City with Liz and Helge. Our hotel is sooo nice!!! I love this. 
in Austin, off to explore &amp; hit up some Shakespeare in the park tonight.  Mark &amp; Grace's wedding tomorrow!  
In barrie til Monday; Hoping the weather is nice to go to Wasaga tomorrow; Home tomorrow night; 
In Beaumont, Ca for games this weekend 
in bed brainstorming remix ideas for tomorrows studio session 
in bed can't sleep; watching television in paradise 
In bed early tonight. 
In bed eating chocolates after 2 super parties, yay  playing with the new camera - could I be an amazing photographer?
In bed in my pjs watching Casablanca 
in bed in need of flu food  all those in ct goin for AVB it was AMAZING
In bed listenin to music, 5 days till london   !
in bed listening to music. these songs really make me want a boyfriend. ah yesss. 
in bed n so comfortable 
In bed on a sunday night @ 8:30 what a loser  decided to read all nat magazines tonight. May take all night. Ily new idea april 25.
In bed reprogramming my brain's neural net with emotions of love and happiness 
in bed shivering and sweating like a rapist.......children of dune is good tho 
In bed snuggling up to my clean Puppy Zoe! Follow her on Twitter!!: @TheiPoodle... Good night tweeps! 
In bed still. Slept in other room last night which confuses the hell out of the pooch. He wonders where i am! Hope weather better today 
In bed waiting, for Supernatural to start 
In bed watching Star Wars 
in bed wit my lil pup 
In bed with Kate  nothin better!
in bed with my babe 
in bed with my boo.. loving him.. 
in bed with my electric blankey on having a good ol' chat to my brill mates 
in bed with my hunny watching tv, drinking wine and eating parmesan pita chips 
in bed with my mate cat and getting addicted to ship wrecked!! wish i was a teacher like her...3 mnths off lucky duck 
in bed with some chai tea and watching britains got talent 
in bed, eating lunch and now going to watch Ghost town! 
in bed, laundry all day tomorrow 
In bed, on twitter, on my iPod, bored. O just sneezed 
in bed, reading.  soo exhausted.
In bed. Gotta present my Dominican trip to 8th graders tomorrow morning. 
In bed. Kinda tired. Text me  DM for my number I'll give it to basically anyone !
In bed.. Trying to get up.. I have to go shopping and then get my ass outside and sunbathe!! 
In Beijing. 
In bethlehem with john and nick arena  and their cousin 
In between shifts....cant wait for 2moro...full day off 
In B'ham today. Miss H has exam this morning. C 2nite how she did. Lots to do so must get on 
In BizTalk traing at Microsoft Canada in scenic Mississauga. Day 2 of new job 
In bonnybridge waitin on late tnt delivery! New spider arrives this afternoon 
In Bordeaux in my sister's flat.  but it's rAINNNING!
In Boston   waiting for flight to cape cod! Thinking about jaws!
In Boston for the day with Mom and Sarah to visit the bro 
in Boston for the day...Fenuil hall  seeing Kristina for lunch and then hanging out with Becky for the rest of the day 
in bristol at the watershed to celebrate mediasnackers 3rd b'day http://tinyurl.com/mjqtqz - check the vid 
In Bristol Museum being silly!! The best pic of me being Alfred the Gorilla! 
in brooklyn, helping aoife move. good thing i signed up for the @crookedstill roommate exchange program! britt is next. 
In business studies with @xoFlawless writting about MyPhones ;) which we made up inspired by the iPhone 
in business... canr stay away from twitter 
In California and loving the weather!! Cant wait to tan at the pool! Also to drive the golf cart for my cousins! XOXO! 
in cambridge now...  plans for evening.. a big bar of chocolate a box of tissues and a film 
In Cambridge visiting Big Dave and Dhan. Still find more than enough time for: http://tinyurl.com/czg9mw and http://tinyurl.com/cpmc33 
In case dont get on in the morning hah Happy Graduation JJ, you did it yay 
In case u were wondering what a Thai massage looks like, here it is! 2 hrs later &amp; I feel like jello!  http://twitpic.com/696u8
In case you haven't already voted....  Thanks!!! http://bit.ly/3YN22 http://ff.im/3p2XY
In case you haven't seen. This is my dog  http://twitpic.com/6pbiv
in case you missed Bizarre Foods Puerto Rico is starting now at 9pm @ the Travel Channel - I. on the show 
In case you missed it earlier, this was pretty funny.   http://bit.ly/amugn
In case you missed it: http://www.free-ocr.com/ Free online OCR tool. Pretty cool 
In case you were wondering...Steve Berry is an incredibly sweet, kind man. And he spoils his wife 
In case you're wondering if I'm for real, go &gt; http://budurl.com/1stCBcheck . That's me making money! [Video] Gary from TN. 
in Chicago, cleaning / painting /repairing a shelter  i'll be home later tonight
In Chitown with my father 
In church ...looking @ the men's Choir. &quot;So Glad I'm here&quot;!  With my mom 
In Class Boredddddd 
in class on my LAST monday of high school !!!! yaaaaay. so happy 
In class whitt peoplee  just had a testt i think i passed it 
In class with a popcicle and a mountain dew. Im set. 
In class with aunt brownie 
In Class... 
In cleveland in the nicest fucking hotel ever. With my baby 
In Cleveland... Peabody's... AGAIN... Last show of the tour... Haven't been home since February... Sooooo ready to go home tomorrow!!! 
in college bored playing pokemon 
in college tv studio filming a show ! 
in colombia. watchin spiderman 3 with my daddy. yes im daddys lil girl. 
In computer Adided Design, checkin out twitter! 
In Computer Apps eating cereal  its really yummy
in computer apps with ally! 
in computer class with cristina, FEEL BETTER SUMMER!  i went to school for you -______- but your not her :l
in computer graphics class; my last day! 
in computers working om my england slide show  also with bri and adriiana.
In Coventry!@ The Grog shop to see Straylight Run... My heart is happy 
In crack ff, it's required. ;) Wesley Crusher was the original Mary Sue.  That was so Gene Roddenberry. 
In CT with my buds 
in da bus with ROX.SKY 
in da pass 3 days @ hunhin..damm!! back to da old days sood sood! like it-like it..remind me lot of things &quot;Gang Ruaa+Gang nao&quot; hahahaa 
in dallas with the youth group...just got done with six flags 
in DC for the weekend with @BrookeBogart hit us upppppp 
In desperate need of a nap! I'm gonna have 2 stock up on monsters for my remaining 2 months of internship, say hello to my lil addiction! 
In dorking looking at houses 
In edinbugh shopping  gotta love twitterberry. Hahahah. Gonna try + convince parents for muse tickets for november(;
In English class. Today is okay so far 
In English... beside my girl, Karla.... ahahaha.... Wez just friends... ;) And Marianne likes Michael....  peace
in essen! chilling and relaxing with patricia at home! tonight is ladies night  wohooo!!
In exactly TWO WEEKS I shall be on a plane on my way to hotter climes. I. Cannot. Wait. For. It. I've been counting down since DECEMBER! 
In fact, let me stop listening to the World News and talk to my stripper friends.  
In fairy dust we trust!  #sigint09 http://twitpic.com/5oje7
in few...i'll be here!! 
In Florida all week! Be back next Sunday! 
In for a rainy week! Looking forward to Lady Gaga and PCD concert tomorrow night. 
in for the kill by la rue on at the moment love that song so much wish i could sing like ellie her voice is so high it's amazing 
In four days, if I contacted u: there's something important, ure important, or I missed you. Nothing: I ? my holiday more! 
In french! Tis rather amusing watching Mr Brian trying to control the class!  x
In front of @erinnyc 's building waiting for her to come out so we can go buy stuff from gay guys 
in front on the fireplace 
In Georgia  6 hours till the cabin -_-
In georgia now, only 4 more hours in the car! 
in germany, drinking coffee to beat the jet lag 
In Germany, Rock Am Ring 2moro 
In global studies . Doing work  |Doll Face Girl|
IN good mood  
in Greenup!! yaaahhhhh lol! 
In Guada's house! Eating our hearts out till midnight 
In Guildford and is in love with this place 
In He room, FC with my new classmates! 
In heaven at 2 30 with a fresh bag of doritos. 
In hialeah going to besties 
In History Classs.  With Kat and Megs,
In hockey news, #caps AHL team the #bears took a 1-0 series lead in the Calder Cup finals  ....#ontd
In home depot with me padre! 
In honor of @taylorswift13, i'm going to be fearless tomorrow. I have to be  can't let her down!
In honor of my brother who is not here, there is beer in my heart tonight 
In hours, I'll go to a musical  I love them!
in hull, having a nice meal 
IN ICT DUDDEESSSSSS!  we got cover, our pacts work. we are magic tweeters. PPG DUM DUM DUMMMMMM..  Xxx
in ICT resiting friends  x x
In illinois about an hour away from stl woot woot  pure adrenaline ready for my babies
In Ingram. 
in IT with hannah &amp; ellieeee  cheryl ann cole is so funny!
In Jacksonville-headung back today. Miss my doggies 
in JFK waiting for my flight to San Francisco i love US 
In just a few days time, I'll be eating everything in sight! Top of my list? Poi! 2-3 day old poi. Yum! I could eat poi with anything! 
In Kailua getting some stuff for dinner! I can smell the waffle cones at Stone Cold (think that's what it's called)! Smells sooooo good! 
In Karlee's live  She's so funny, it's cute.
In Keele, still sunny, traffic slightly heavier than last week. Only a few days to go until two weeks off work 
in KS with friends 
in kuantan  .. enjoying a short break from relatives and dramas
in 'kwick' you can do something like 'twitter' now!  and that's funny! 
In L.A.! Virgin Airlines is awesome, if you did not already know that 
in LA with some homies 
in Lewie's spare room/mini studio. hes recording his new song  its good! this room is so cool its got loads of pictures on da walls
In library revising 
in life there are winners and there are losers, im glad to be a loser, at least i win on orginiality! 
In light of recent tweets on people leaving their mobile phone providers I just wanted to say - I love you Orange &amp; I'm not leaving you 
In line 4 hillsong and toaking the gost wahoo ! 
In line for enrollment. Very excited for next sem. Im havin my capping n pinning rights this 19th! 
In line for Storm Runner coaster now 
In line for the monorail into the park (Magic Kingdom) ... cant find my digital cam but the DSi pics yesterday did not disapoint 
In line for the rock 'n' roller coaster. 
In line for the simpsons ride. More cute foreign boys 
In line to cross the border 
In line to seeee MITCHELL MUSSO!  we got a petty good spot 
in London from thursday till sunday morning 
In London Town 
in London.. just got back from Harrod's.. thank u zsara for going with me  sana magtwitter kana..
in London; tonight - Spring Amazing gna b amazing  really should get dressed though
in love with @esmeeworld 's song &quot;Outta Hereeeee&quot; It's lurvable. very very lurvable 
in love with @kelly_clarkson  her album of course ! blimey.
In love with Coconut Records today...    &lt;3
In love with Daniel   31 months
In love with sunny London days... 
In loving others, I find it easier to love who I am!  ps I love my twitter community!
in luv with those asians who play love songs on the guitar for you 
In Luxor - have a special egypt  lunch  then go back to the Luxor Temple - amazing - thank daddy 
In MacDonalds broken WiFi spot from Ukrtelecom 
in mah bitches bed. nom sunbathin in the garden later 
In Maine 
In Manayunk at The Wall, rode the course this morning, great ride...chillin' w/ Saswata and Josh.  Great day!!! 
In maryland with kristen! 
In math class. Totally lost. Playing a concert fri night.. &amp; 2 more sat &amp; 1 last one on sun  life is good. Stressful, but good.
in maths with zoe looking at baby names 
in mathss.. anaita is paranoid. Ooo and now its role reversal... haaha 
in media, ashleeys for a sleepover with tammmy  teext
In Meghalaya  will reach Shillong in ard 2hrs
In MEL. Booked an afternoon city tour. Hope jet lag doesn't set in. 
In Melbourne 
In Melbourne, so hot and warm...  went out to Star Bar last night, Great Ocean Road this Thursday!! 
In memoria of meetings: Not a one on my morning docket.  Good morning, Twitterversed.
in mia.with my cousin.im staying one night.i got my mac yesterday.it's really coo.  
in miami again and leaving for another week long cruise today. last week was epiccccc 
In midst of a class - talking about directing actors... 
in minix one not need worry about copying data from userland to kernelland because the server IS in userland! yay! (for hwpmc pmc server) 
in mn!! hangng with the bro! 
in montclair.hit me up!!!! listenin to the new Mars volta cd 
in montrea doing some much needed ocean swimming  SURFS UP
In montreal for a long weekend of R&amp;R. Much needed.
In My Arms - Plumb 
In my bed relaxxin 
In my birthday party 
In my comfort zone. Home is where the heart is...partly 
In my cousin's room. A lot of peeps are downstairs for the despedida. Gonna go back down in a few. 
in my cozy bed in bloomington...aaaahh, feels good to be back  night all!
In my drawing class we can drop into the Life Drawing class &amp; draw live nude models. That should be interesting. I hope I don't blush. 
In my dream. My mom turned off the cartoons and that's what woke me up! 
In my experience, women don't like to be told no. Men on the other hand, hear that world all the time, and we expect it. 
In my eyes the month of June can do me no wrong! I have great expectations 
in my faourite car with the missing top 
in my graphics lesson, work nearly done! yay! 
In my house .. Finally got my prom dress yay  needs fixing thoo! Shoes and shizzz next... Should get ready need to go back to amys 
In my jammies gettin' ready for bed 
In my moms car waiting on the world to change... No not really but I wanted to say that! I'm waiting for ALY &amp; no madre to get groceries! 
In my nice big bed....ipod on play....soft music flowin....sooooon will be in Fancys dream land 
in my nick of twitter i wrote the days that were left until you came  11 DAYS !!!
In my opinion, Internet is a lot faster now. 
In my opinion, when it comes 2 songwriting, write about what u know &amp; immediately after a breakup! 
In my own world playing  Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix. ....be back later  http://raptr.com/Unsilentninja
In my own world playing  Terminator Salvation. ....be back later  http://raptr.com/Unsilentninja
in my room with nate and jackie. playing old school cod  textt
in my room, got my mums laptop and i'm listening to hot 30 
'in my veins' on repeat 
In my way to school!!!! Only 4 days left!!!! Yeeeii 
in my world everyone has 21, they eat money and pup presents and gifts for me! lol !!!  Happy B-day to me!
In n out is heaven sent 
In need of a joyous person to sing happy songs and play guitar and be generally awesome with 
in need of a summer job in order to get to my babes 
In need of alcohol. Lucky it's a bank holiday weekend! Beer O'Clock 
In need of sin and brew 
in New Delhi 
In new york  love it here hope pplz r having a good summer!!!!!!!  luv ya
In New York now woohoo 
In New Zealand you guys call this a chilly bin, in america we call it a cooler, you call these jandals, we call them flip flops!  JONAS!
In Newport rhode island for the weekend!!!!!! 
I'n not a girl who wears pink even though I own a pair of pink Chucks. And I love them!Wanted them after watching &quot;13 going on 30&quot; 
In not pussy whip I just whip pussy  in Pembroke Pines, FL http://loopt.us/YCm1zw.t
In NY  ....but working =(
In ny  No flight delays, thank goodness. Las vegas was memorable! Loved fob/atl/cs concert
In NYC to see Avenue Q, a present from the kids for Deb &amp; I. 
in OK.... on the way to El Paso 
in Old E.C. with Shaun, Cranky and Attitude.  The latter two will hopefully change to Cheerful and Pleasant.  
In Omaha waiting for our team to play..... This place rocks!!  SMTT
In on a friday night. Alone. It should be annoying, but it's not. 
In one day 25 design thinkers became a WENOVSKI member. Not bad   join us at http://wenovski.ning.com
in one of the activities i nealy fell asleep the sounds of the ocean were accualy making me sleepy as my eyes wereclosed 
in one of the most comfiest places in the world..... my bed. nothin like a hella nice ass day. then ploppin down in bed to rest 
in orlando finally. ready to get crazy for lulu's birthday 
in other news, I am rich beyond my wildest wildest dreams in fabric!!! (ok, maybe not wildest wildest wildest...) quiltergasm. 
In other news, I'm getting a cup of coffee and getting back to work. 
In other news, just realized Sad Monday streak is broken! Yey! I hope it's not replaced by a Manic Monday streak. 
In other news, OFF DAY TMR WOO! Gonna celebrate Hafiz's birthday by dinnering at Sakura Buffet 
In pain, what else is new.  At least my wonderful hubby is making coffee and breakfast. 
In Paris till friday!! 
In Paris... Got kicked out of bed by my 3 y.o nephew... He's lucky he's cute... 
In Pasco with the family, heading to Bethany Worship Center...cont. our itinerary for Spain 
in pennsylvania. tons of free time.  driving range!
In penticton  yay
in pga with ana! 
In Philippines  ready to start CSC
In Philly 
In philosophy with @Abi_L  xx
In pillow heaven 
In Prague; now, out for a jogging session. It's almost sunny here 
In preperation for the match later  ? http://blip.fm/~4kuf1
in Prince Rupert . . .  getting ready for my sisters wedding! 
In Queens for my cousin's Confirmation!  Have a good one all 
In queens! 
In regard to knowledge, I am like the little robot in the movie &quot;Short Circuit.&quot; I am always crying out: &quot;Imput! Imput!&quot; 
In Regent Street: full of people! 
in rehearsal &amp; twitter &amp; fb... this is fun lol 
In rehearsals . Rehearsals, rehearsals..... I like it  Come back at 22:30 or 23:00 PM . &gt;&lt;
in religion..time to catch up on sleepz. thank yous jesus 
in REP, whoo doing the fablous project (!) 
In rockford, I love it here 
in Rockport! 
In Roma - going to colloseum, trevi fountain then lunch - 
In Rome 
In Sacramento-Rancho Cordova @h3athermae 's house! 
In san antonio  just left sea world and im having fun with my family and boyfriend ) &lt;33
in school  But bitching about Kvickly !! Damn you humans !!
in school  trying to add hayley williams  my idol
in school ahaha cant wait till after &lt;3 
In school going to be home soon. http:/vimgpro.com/ 
In school picking up cap n gown!  graduation!! http://myloc.me/2oYd
In school with coral  x
In school. Just finished a consultation with one of the members of our panel. COMPROMISE  
In school... The others are doing spanish test 
In sci, we got to draw bunnies  but we had to kill some of them... &amp; draw dead bunnies =( Apparently it's called 'survival of the fittest'
in science wid biq head :p bored ... txt 
In science with my frand Niza i see the fuckin rainbow  lollollollol
In science. Copying answers. 
In seaside @ the arcade watching the boys play 'fast and the furious'. Doesn't get any better than this 
In Seattle 
In Seattle! I love this city 
in seattle.  leaving for alaska tomorrow
In Sedona. Waking up in three hours to visit a vortex and watch the sunrise.  The weather is beautiful right now. Life is glorious.
In service  Pastor Mo is bringing a strong word!!!
In ShenZhen                       ???? ????      ??  Close your eyes,You will see!
In shop bored out of my mind, listening to A day to Remember to keep me saneeeeeeeeeee 
In shop watching Drum Line &amp; making bracelets.  after today only 3 days left.
In Singapore now 
In small groups now... Grad recognition service later 
In South Africa! 
in south beach. Went kayaking 
In Spain.. Shooting the video 
In spite of the emo weather, I had fun today 
In St.Louis. (Ikr I was just got in the Nap last night) 3 out of 5 men got dreads  I like... But don't think I'm feeling these gold teeth
In Starbucks with my gorgeous wife, latte and banana and nut muffin 
In studio recording with FFH radio (Frankfurt) in LA 
In studio with @adrienne_bailon @msgonzales @isthather @aneshaisaplus and @dmile85 is on the way!  YAY!! 
In such a good mood and ready for a fun day! Jesse's grad party, rehearsal, Tonys 
in such a good mood.. exam in half an hour but after that its the SUMMMERRRRRR!!!! AHHHHHHHH 
In such an amazing mood because of the weather! Too bad I had to spend most of it at dress rehearsals. It was pretty fun though. 
in sunny Greece! 
In super productive mode-working my way through a big pile of job applications, submitted my ezine article and organised my room  hurray!
In Surry Hills  http://twitpic.com/4gy1m
in switzerland, Bern right now.. the sun is shining 
in sydney ATM, won two silver medals yesterday at tournament  tweet you soon when im back in NZ!!!!
In Syracuse waiting for everyone to get up so that we could go out and have some fun 
in talk by the very famous Joseph A. Konstan on Recommender Systems in Telefonica 
In target, I love this place 
in tarlac already. sal good. Were riding ghetto style. Haha. Seriously all good. 
In Tayys hottub.   Text please!
in texas drinkin my shirley temple with vodka 
in tha showerrrr 
In the absence of new Bolly releases, listening to the title track of Delhi6. Otherwise i wud have been in a movie hall. 
in the Apple Store with @michaelvirtue in #NYC - fun times! 
in the apple storeeeee 
In the batangas with @ericapelaez @kcnics mariel, elle, bettina  watching filming in moms office )
In the bath... 
In the bed on &quot;Snooze Mode&quot; gotta get back up at 9:30am Back 2 work! OT Babii 
In the best moment of my day: eating breakfast! 
in the bus on my way 2 go shopping 
In the bus on my way back home 
In the bus on my way to liseberg 
In the BX checking out my new apt!!! 
In the car again... but this time with Stephen too. 
in the car back to geelong 
In the car going back to hemet. Super naseaus. played DnD for the 1st timd this weekend, SO FUN 
In the car going to IHOP or somewhere like that with taytay alex pyro &amp; iannn 
In the car listening to Anberlin and having live 105 walk through my day for me. 
In the car on my way home... Watching videos on Youtube... Now I'm going to try to download a song from iTunes on my iPhone 
In the car on the way 2 get EARLY lunch with mommmay 
in the car on way from shep to bendigo its been along day!! full of signing in the car!!! so much fun 
In the car to go to high school 
In the car with jack jack and claire ready too go too sonias for a family day 
In the car with my baby 
In the car with the fam and jefff going to benhihannas 
In the car, on my way 2 C aunt &amp; uncle and get my hair cut! 
in the car. oh man I love nonye's house! it's so coooool!!  had fun todai. haha. replaying the spider on sheet music incident in my head
in the city &amp; tonight cinema 17 again 
In the city for the eveninggg 
In the city with Anna in ..hmmm... 2 houres  ..
In the dance office with the freshmannnnnnns 
in the dentist oh i mean the bank painfull 
in the end it was a good day 
in the end, i know i'm too messed up for people to care. they shrink away. 
In the end, you can't go wrong with the Perfume Shop!! 
In the explorer  going to pats apartment with the bests tonight. Praying this weekend works.
In the finals 
In the floor with the kiddies, playtime 
In the fracture clinic waiting room with jeremy kyle on the tv ! 
in the garden 
in the garden  i just looked at my estimated grade and im suposed to get a B in geog and re LOL. i should revise some geog for tomorrow :L
In the hot tub out at the lake 
In the Hotel laying on the floor. Just said goodnight to the wife, I get to see her next Sunday 
In the jacuzzi wooooo hooooo 
in the juicy couture store where the ladies are lovely 
in the kitchen.. just had breakfast! 
in the last five seconds Ryan makes and appearence... 
in the library now!!!  supposed to study dnt but maybe later
In the library writing papers and getting ready for all the finals that are this week...concert tonight! Weee 
in the library; English next. Romeo and Juliet is the cutest thing ever 
in the mac store in westfield  avec chloe &amp; my mother. 
in the mean time i am heading to bed... i might actually get my finish done with marley... we'll see  GOODNIGHT!
In the Miami airport waiting to go back home 
In the middle of a friend sandwich 
In the middle of class now. Slept for 3 hours last night.  I SO TIRED. But project is DONE YAY.
In the middle of matura  First part was easy 
In the middle of Thai Broadway musical..... so impressed 
in the middle of traffic thinking ...kapan baby alphard gw bs terbang 
In the middle of watching @taylorswift13 on dateline and I've decided she's pretty much amazing. 
In the mood for a morir-so�ando with a yaniqueque....yummy 
In the mood for some serious eating today. Morning deadlift and kickboxing session, later eating. Jalebis !?   http://bit.ly/old6t
in the mood for writing 
in the mood to go outside with the guitar, sing and play til sunrise... sleep all day and do it again 
In the movie theater with Brenda!  Going to watch Drag Me To Hell! 
In the movie. Oh no! But i just sucked a whole bunch of helium and i have a crazy headache but i just said twitter really loud. 
In the new forest, caravans as far as they eye can see - am I in hell?! 
In the new spirit of openess  here are my expenses as a councillor in North Lanarkshire http://tinyurl.com/qcgl2v
In the next hour: Indiana Beach tix, Joliet Jackhammers tix, qualifying for the rooftop baseball tix.  Nice.  Keep listening!  
in the NY 
in the office early.  writer's block has gone.  sun is shining. today will be a good day 
In the office it's currently 3-0 to the Android 
in the office today, working hard.  Very nice ride into work: top down, blue skies, singing Dave Matthews Band tunes.  
In the office trying to catch up on a week's worth of backlog. Sun is shining and today WILL be a good day! 
in the office, getting stuff done!  Hope you all have a wonderful day! 
in the process of dying my hair 
In the process of re-designing my Twitter profile.    I'm liking it so far.
In the process of uploading pictures I like to flickr - older ones (from D40). Finally, I will have a TCP flickr page 
in the q waiting to see jeremy kyle! 
In the qa room now waitin for the boys. About 30 mins now hopefully 
In the rain 
in the right corner u see my house in Italy! and the view ofcourse...i'ts breathtaking 
in the school library....skipping precal with tha homie mitchelle... 
In the school. Watched videos from MTV Movie Awards - &quot;Best Kiss&quot; award give away. Kristen and Rob are so cute together. Nice move Kris 
In the staff room. Its boring but i need to sit down 
In the studio with @ChantellePaige and Dem Jointzzz. 
In the studio, wrapping up a voiceover spot for @spudbros! Consequently, craving fries for dinner 
in the studio....  cant wait for tonight show
In the studioooo... Having a good time making music, yoooooooo 
In the sun  wating for a lesson to start.
in the sun watching men build a deck  woohoo i love this hot weather 
In the sun with an ice cream 
in the sun, so much fun with just me &amp;my book 
In the supermarket. Spotted aloevera juice and durian, a weird fruit i can see myself clubbing people over the head with. To name a few 
In the theater about to see Up 3D 
In the theater watch night at the museum.  excited talk when i am out.
In the theatre for Wolverine! Had the movie since it leaked and waited till now to pay and watch. Such a good person I am. 
In the train from Utrecht heading to Amsterdam for another exciting #momoams meetup 
In the train now! Had a bloody great driving lesson today  yaay I'm gettin betterrr  @Connyyy @sarahroters there's a party in ur bedroom
In the train to home... Later to the beach!! 
in the train with Izdi heading home now.had fun today.cant wait for Ain.M to watch Drag Me To Hell later!  - http://tweet.sg
in the train, on my way to my new hometown. arranging stuff and enjoy myself 
in the tram to musica republica in overschie 
In the UK? Got a BlackBerry? 2mths FREE SpinVox Voicemail right here!  http://spinvox.com/bb
In the Vette, driving to Dallas to pay respects to the King 
In the words of Hannah Montana, NOBODY'S PERFECT!! 
In the words of leon jackson when you believe  you can achieve.  
in the words of liana corber: Moreover, WIAIH was a humbling experience... i surprisingly had a decent night 
in the words of the great master.... I am not a predator 
in the year 3000 technology will change in to a time-wasting website called &quot;you-twit-face!&quot; (youtube, twitter and facebook combine!) 
In thee sun 
In theory, syncing 3 devices &amp; the cloud seems easy! 
in this old home video interview, tom mentions bill and ted, just like he did in his tweets!  im gonna watch that gmtv one next...
In Toronto, free WiFi is everywhere! I like it 
In town  found nikki and lucie. And i've gone and bought shoes with money i have for this weekend.... Hope i can get by with �22!
in town with Charlotte 
In TV Pro. Gonna start watchin Dark Knight in a bit after reviewing for the final. WHOO!  Also...My teeth still hurt. :/
in twelve hours me and niki will be on the road! 
In Twitter, rather than &quot;What are you doing now?&quot;, would it makes sense to say &quot;What do you wanna tell The World today?&quot; 
In two days i will be in the best city - munich    It will be amazing and see all of my crazy friends.... XOXO....  
in two hours I have to be at my uncle's and aunt's house for a coffee 
In two weeks time I'll be at Sliverstone, I can't wait to see all my F1 friends at the campsite. 
In union grove  tons of cute guys here lol
In Utrecht, Going to 'Super sunday' @ Monza with Lotte 
In Vancouver to beging the Brain Train,The Hyatt Hotel has been amazing supporting my &quot;Ambition for Awareness&quot;,making each step forward. 
In vegas.....its bout 2 get crazy!! I love fat tuesdays 
in video with riley and kevin 
in wembley for the jonas brothers concert tonight! 
in wheeling 
In whose universe does 1 lb of ground bison make 6 servings of chili meatloaf?  Not mine; we're lucky to get 3 servings out of that. 
in work atm  xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
in work soooooooooo bored!!! off to england on thursday thank god I so need a break 
In work. Extra hour in bed did me the world of good. That and Panadol 
in workkkkk  nommmm got some jam mini rollsssssss
IN YOUR DOODIE! OUT YO DICKKKK   (via @Calypso2_0) yikes! lmfao!
in zaandammi city. place to be (when you're 50) 
Inbox inbox inbox. @clarchrs is going mad at me 
Inbox is now down to 16.  It hasn't been this low in a long time.  
Inbox: empty 
Incase I forget, Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there, and to my mommy. The very best one in the world 
Incredible Pizza today!! With the family  and the Bestii!!!!
incredible preaching-musical by Dr Steve Munsey... refreshing breath of fresh air 
Incredible weather in Tianjin today!! Rain, thunder, lightning and pitch dark at 1 pm....quite amazing! I like it!! 
Incredible... there are 16,869,141 people using Skype right now...  16 Million... I am just one of them 
incredibly cliched at this point, but May the Fourth be with me today! 
incredibly happy. making cookies or something. 
Incredibly humid today...I almost said &quot;Incredibly human&quot; because Im amazing like that. 
Indeed in our hearts we felt the sentence of death. but this happened that we might not rely on ourselves but on God, who raises the dead 
Indeed. For this way we can definitely have good discourse!  @dr_uw It's a joy to be open minded..
India pevail  for now  yuvaraj had a great day out
India vs Bangladesh Play in Progress 20-20 at Trent Bridge, Nottingham, ENG, 6 Jun 2009    India won the toss &amp; elected to bat  
Indian dancer performing on International Dance Stage (Star world) Feeling proud! 
Indiana Jones and the Staff of Kings Wii Game. Releases June 9th  I can't wait for it to come out ~
Indie owners are sooo bossy! Thats gonna be me tho! 
Indo curry on the stove thanks to @bsharp and offshore perfection predicted for the morning   Just need to the little cot monkey to agree
indo dormir ao som de BEFORE THE STORM no celular 
Indulging in Jmod Hunting. Spost to be working: whats new? 96/99 smithing, should just scrape it 
Indulging in perhaps my guiltiest guilty pleasure: listening to hardstyle techno turned waaay up. Ahhh, the emptiness of it  #tcot#sgp#gop
IndyCar race tonight! Texas motor speedway! Soo excited for race time! 
infact @sueegner - thanks for the bday card 
inFamous is a really good game, best game played so far for 09 
infamous is pretty cool, got a good sound and feel to the game 
Info Overload Syndrome?? Comment on this to be entered to win a Spa Certificate  http://bit.ly/eklt0
Info that would have been useful 1.4GB ago..... 
infographics can be cool, ad this one is one of my favs   http://bit.ly/aRNcr if you need more:  http://bit.ly/150iuP
Infomercials make great late night tv 
Inform :  I'm Following ALL the people in -JBunivisionforum; follow me too 
Informal study shows that my followers are cooler than followers of others.  Thank you cool followers! I bask in your reflected glory 
infringing coding standards maybe, but i'm @io2's new hero. it was worth it 
Initial SFG plans complete! I may have started too many tomato plants; around 24 
InkHeart ~ action,adventure,romance,magic,fire -something for everyone.. This movie has it!!  will keep kids of ALL ages interested 
Inkheart has arrived!  http://yfrog.com/0eueaaj
Inkheart.. pretty good for a fraiser-flick if you ask me 
Inkvaders. World Icon Premier. Today. Stay Tuned! 
In-laws just left, they stayed to visit after bringing the youngest home from dinner with them 
inlezen in openofficeplaza 
Inn the city chilllin with baby 
inner peace - love - light - healing - it changed my life 
innocence by avrl lagvine has to be one of my favorite songs fo sho 
In-n-out drive thru done right!  vanilla shake that brees scarfin down... And my double double flagstaff here we come!
in-n-out is the lords food 
In-N-Out with @heygirlllhaley. i'm happy 
In-N-Out... dont worry.. I'll be back soon 
Innovatronix Inc will have a distributor in South America soon! 
inputting orders and then its off to pick up my cousins. 
inquiring minds wanna know  lol
ins park 
Insane girls night! Super funnn  okay well goodnight tweeps
Inside coachella. Success!  can't wait for thievery corp, gang gang dance, mia, chemical brothers...
Inside the 'treehouse' that I never had!!! 
inside, she is loving him still after all this time(8) - Simon Webbe. Its old but i dont care 
insomnia but he's already sleep maybe 
Insomnia ftw!  Just foundmy Chapters Gift card from Cooper from my birthday.  OMG. Julian, I am so buying RAFRAG on vinyl!! wait.. nvm 
insomnia may have made me miserable all night, but now watching &quot;radio free roscoe&quot; nothing better for the oyfr dj without sleep 
insomnia, your best enemy 
inspiration is 98% hard work , 1% luck, and 1% youtube. 
inspiration. I know what I'm going to paint next 
Inspirational Quotes on Beauty - whole page  http://hubpages.com/hub/Quotes_on_Beauty
inspire to make paella! I've had a revelation that flavoured rice is one of my favourite things 
Inspired by @Justamoochin - beautiful song. Love it.  ? http://blip.fm/~6iqpc
Inspired by a recent Guardian article, I'm hugely into The Monks at the moment. Heavy, deranged, bizarre.. but brilliant. 
inspired by beautiful weather 
Inspired by Dr Seuess http://bit.ly/1PR64  
Inspired by the world's shortest poem, here is my latest blog effort! http://bit.ly/19KHvQ  
Inspite of the spams.. I can't stop losing this twittergadget. I love twitting from Gmail 
Installed a new Twitteriffic. Can post again from my phone 
Installed adorable little stars for rating posts for their &quot;karma.&quot; Hope that contributes to happiness of our Life Balance community. 
installed safari its good 
Installed Ubuntu successfully today! It works 
installed windows powershell. ls, mv, cp, pwd... 
Installed word 2007, going to give it a try, but it looks so different.  I am such a creature of habit sometimes 
installin the sims 2.hahaaa.thanks sheila 
Installing &quot;real&quot; software into Windows 7 now instead of games and multimedia programs. 
Installing IE8 hope it will be better than the latest ones 
Installing Mac OS X Snow Leopard Beta 
INSTALLING SIMS 3 
Installing Sims 3 on my Macbook whilst my gf plays it on her PC 
installing Sims 3! 
Installing sims cos I fixed my poota 
Installing so many add ons for Firefox. 
Installing spore in wine in ubunti 
Installing SRM at 150,000 employee company. Mood: nervous but confident 
Installing Win XP on my Mac. I know it's wrong 
Installing Windows 7 RC now. Impressed with MS after I spent a week with IE8 and it crashed less than a 100 times ... 
installing... 
Instant Internet Marketing EMPIRE! + *BONUS* recoup your investment in 24 hours or less  http://megaredpacket.com/?&amp;aff_id=10596
Instant Internet Marketing EMPIRE! + *BONUS* recoup your investment in 24 hours or less  http://vur.me/megainternetwealth/megaredpacket
instant-messaging with two of my favourite conversation guys 
Insted of oing to the carnival im goin to ottos for a movie night 
INTA starts today.  8000 trademark  lawyers in Seattle.  Fill in your own caption.  
integrated twitter with my home page veerasundar.com. thanks to @vsr for the initial help. 
intelligent conversations are few and far between. Today had a few. 
intends to destroy her hair somemore today with her favourite emma cant wait to start my new job  x
Intensive introduction to On-Boarding has begun! SUPER FUN! I love my job already 
Interesting and aaaawesome day!!....went from pearls to leis to glow necklace!! Woohoo! 
Interesting article on modern day speakeasies.  http://tinyurl.com/ouok64  I love hidden bars  
Interesting article written on response to mine  http://bit.ly/PC0hQ
Interesting atmosphere here. Children are playing Rome vs. Germania. Fathers are telling each other why Hannibal had failed  #carnuntum
interesting day. UP IS THE CUTEST + wresting in grass= 
Interesting night...really good movie! Really wanting the watch the first X-Men now. 
Interesting site to follow  http://bit.ly/vm3hu free software givenaway each day 
Interesting thing happened to me today, read more at my blog: http://emergingsoul.com/blog/?cat=10 and comment if you feel it! 
Interface set up loks great 
Internal voluntary technical sessions, such an encouragement boost for developers. My team is enjoing one now 
International Version of Stand By Me http://tiny.cc/pAVYi PlayingforChange.com 
Internazionale, Juventus, AC Milan : wakil Italia u/ champions musim depan! 
Internet access out at work since 6:00 last night. Now what do I do? I feel so naked and alone  http://myloc.me/2GIi
internet back now  happy
internet back so now i am gonna regulate all the twitter interweb creepahs 
INTERNET FTW. I just downloaded 2 exam study guides for ap bio. 
internet is being a bitch...oh well. nighty night 
internet is working again  wooo!
internet is working again!! i fixed it.just call me jasmine the builder. 
internet speed today seems really fast today.... 
internet wasn't working yesterday, sorry you missed out on some great tweetpertunities. 
Internets Back  reallly want to go out, the weathers so nice. Tweet me if you want to do something (: hahaaaa
interning at newsday. blogging all about the hamptons.  check it out http://weblogs.newsday.com/entertainment/localguide/outeast/blog/
internship day #1 - to thee hospital i go. 
internship will hopefully end early todayy...beach house fridayyy!! 
interpreting my *DREAM* i had last night.....*LOVED IT*....  ....XOXO
Interschool VCE Soccer tomorrow! Hells yeah 
interstate love song 
intersted, forthcoming, marks a territory, calls back, checks you out, planning ahead, acts of selflessness--all I ask for 
Intertained by an Insurance commercial about Eve and Adam    http://bit.ly/JgzHO
Interview .. yet again .. also today some juniors from IIIT are joining Google 
interview for my internship went well. heading off to work soon. winter will be great, i just know it. this smile has not left my face 
Interview in forty mins. Lets try this again. Every one keep me in your prayers! Have an amazing day. 
interview then battle of the bands then who knows? 
interview this evening 
Interview was whatever, it's so fecking hot out, I practically stripped in the car. Off to change then lunch date with my WiFey 
Interview went pretty well. Should know in a few days. Dad will be here in 5 days! 
Interview With @allwomenstalk - Making Money Blogging so they can travel the world - http://bit.ly/2h0rd - Please Share 
Interview with Pastry Chef Tony Galzin of MK (along with video of him in the kitchen) coming next week. 
Interview with sage advice on indie films, financing, festivals, and distribution.  #HME http://bit.ly/RkplL
interviews they hd when nick and miley were dating for the first time is this another sign?  ~gourtney &lt;3
InTheSpotlight with adri&amp;kent  yeee!
INTO THE WILD! My favorite book and one of my fave movies 
Introduced 20 awesome new products to our proven line last month, check 'em out at http://www.nativeremedies.com/browse.shtml 
Introducing another MAS voice on twitter: @MAStravel  Watch out for travel-related tweets from this account!
Introducing Typekit: http://tr.im/mYNN If this is for real, Web design will take a giant step forward. 
introduction is horrible :/ whatever i'll fix it eventually 
inventory can be fun.   no really!
Invest in Gold and land my friends and you will come out on top 
Investing in 'magic beans' i.e. chocolate-covered espresso beans to get thru the afternoon.  Watch out! 
invitations on their way to Spain, Mexico and East Coast 
Invited state farm agent to our doral campus 
ion even get mad at shit anymore -_______- june already, schools over to me 
IOW fest was incredible...cant wait for next year already 
iPhone 0S 3.0 tomorrow  Picture Messaging here i come FINALLY
Iphone 3.0 is unlockable good work dev team 
iPhone 3GS and N97 launching in Australia on the same day. Feel the marketing hype kicking into overdrive for the next 2 weeks 
iPhone gave me the 10% battery warning about 20 minutes ago and my bath water is getting cold, so hagn everyone.  Been fun 
iPhone gold rush...get in now!  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/05/fashion/05iphone.html?pagewanted=1&amp;_r=1&amp;em
IPHONE GOTHERE.SG! OMG, I WANT IT PLEASEE WITH A CHERRY ON TOP! AN ADVANCED BDAY GIFT BABYYYYY! YES PLEASE! D gothere.sg ... 
iPhone no need to upgrade. To new iPhone. I been had video camera, forward text, limewire and free apps on my phone. Thanks apple 
IPhone OS 3.0 is a great update!  It works perfect and I'm delighted to say that it lives up to the expectations 
iPhone OS on a touchscreen monitor. Video: http://yttwt.com/ctvbp  Cool 
iPhone specs leaked by Chinese forum - 600Mhz, 256MB RAM, 32GB internal, FM, compass &amp; only 3.2MP camera. &amp; no multi-tasking (yet). 
iPhone updates in 2 days  finally MMS textiggggg !
Ipod shopping later on. yessssss 
iPoding it...playing nothing but slow jams...its giving me a feel good groove 
iracema  everyone says its boring but sounds nice, im gonna read it now! 
Iranian presidential candidate Mir-Hossein Mousavi Khameneh is now following me on twitter guys 
irctc refunds money on failed transactions by itself.  #irctc
IRELAND JUNE 6TH - JULY 28TH! see you soon  happy summer!
iReunite With Missy is awesome! ) I just watched it. Haley played as Missy. 
Iris &amp; I enjoyed some shrimps n fries out in City Island,she's a good kid,I think I'm doing a good job  http://myloc.me/22TU
Irish car bombs taste like chocolate 
iRobot made a pool cleaner. Gotta love that. http://is.gd/MsXj
Iron cher is addictive! 
Iron Maiden:Flight 666.  
ironically life sucks rite now...but I only can go up from here...too blessed to be stressted 
Ironing - done, Painting - complete, Washing - being washed. Gunna go and get ready to go out for the evening 
ironing done!!!  I'm iron man 
ironing suits for tonight and this weekend! bruahhh 
Ironing while my hubby do the laundry.nunpung langit molor 
irony’s in the air. such a good yet unfortunate day as well. that’s life  http://tumblr.com/xwu1xtc3q
Irritated at Walmart.....Bunch of bloody idiots!  But not Terri!!!! 
is     ahhh Life is great
Is  Going Swimming Soon 
Is  going to meet the ladies to do all things lady 
is  I graduated today.!
is  listening to iron maiden 
is  over with my friend and going home soon ... yeppers 
is  ready for my girls trip!!
is  soooo bored. Longing for AC/DC-show on sunday in Gotheburg  
is &quot; ready for some afternon rain&quot; Hopefully we'll get some! Happy Saturday everyone 
is &quot;getting ready&quot; for a party tonight!   hanging with my cousins!
is (im)patiently waiting for SWAC to come on! Newest obsession; new episode! 
is : graduated, excited for my birthday on june 9th, excited for my song that is recorded,excited for my new hair, so happy,partying sat. 
is @ a fav corner of holland.v starbucks entangled in numerous assignments papers n projects. 
is @ cait-booo's 
Is @ her cousins quincenera watching her dance to the mariachi!!! I remember when i was 15... Oh happy days 
is @ school playing with photoshop ha 
is @ school, we're gonna learn how to use skype 
is @ school.  --'  Just gaming and listening music  This is live..
is @ Target...stick to the list, stick to the list! Hehe 
is @ the vet w/my lovely child fuzzie  he looks afraid....
Is @ trevss, with everybodyy.  haaappybirthday trev(L) 
is @ TwisT motha fuckazzzzzzzz! 
is @ work until 6:30 and then getting ready for tomorrow 
Is @bling really an account managed by MicroSoft? Just wondering cause it's actually quite funny following...  #suprise #suprise
is @cantersdeli  http://twitpic.com/6qg8u
Is @DavidArchie working out? Haha. 
Is @Sofiesunshine Going @Kateyy__ on Saturday!? did i read correctly!! OMG :') crying with happiness, we all reunite at last  lollll
Is 12 hours away from my big day  ASU here I go  wooo
is 16 in 14 hours 
is 16 on tuesday 
is 18 today 
is 19 months 
is 19 today!  happy birthday to meeee!
is 2 days away from my birthday and 8 days away from Camp Peniel!!! Can't wait!!! Eek! 
is 500 words into a 10 minute speech on 80s teen movies. due wednesday. blah blah. can't wait for the glenn ball! 
is a bad ass 
is a bad bad person 
is a bird now. So fly with me. Or not. 
Is a blonde once again. 
is a city billy sometimes. bathtub full of crawfish while drinking mickey u pomegranate and raspberry this weekend. 
is a couch potato. 
is a happy bunny  Yes, I still haven't revising for my GCSE Media Studies exam on Advertising but my cold's clearing up! It's all good 
Is a happy girl! 
is a happy girlie  good times
is a little bit on the red side today after a weekend in the sun...  happy days
is a little nervous about tonights game, port vs crows, bogan central @ aami tonight lolzzz 
Is a minimum of 15% of your total traffic coming from social media websites?  If not rethink your strategy or let us help  http://bit. ...
is a movie afficionado. I might just as well write about the films i watch. 
Is a new man! 
is a newbie here 
is a proud new member of The Art Fund now 
is a senior! lawls and had an awesome night last night....AFTER the park 
is a sleepyhead. looking forward to tomorrow. i love his family. 
IS A SNAKE!!! Or well, I am peeling like one. 
is a twilight freak      
Is A Very Happy Bee, She Is Starting To Feel Better, &amp; Cant Wait For Her Birthday, what is 23 days 
is a very, very happy boy 
is a walking advert for christian audigier today 
is a whole heap happier  no flights on the Grey Goose required 2day...unless by way of just a little 'celebratory' tipple maybe?lol ;-P
is a working man now. 
is about an hour from having all the walls up in the basement bathroom! next step: tile, my favorite! 
Is about an hour out or mississippi, and is listening to Kristin Chenoweth 
Is about halfway done with a custom messenger bag 
is about to being &quot;Vision in White&quot; by Nora Roberts. i'm so excited! off to bed after a few chapters. then a test in the AM. night! 
is about to Camp Rock with @meltrev &amp; daddy  YAY!
is about to do paper works at the eve of his birthnight!  http://plurk.com/p/n0t0c
is about to do some maths work, just for my enjoyment. wow-ee i'm sad 
is about to drink some heaven-sent, exquisite, beyond belief delicious jasmine green tea. It has funny little sweet sequins I adore... 
is about to enjoy coq au vaaan... spell??? 
is about to get busy writing content for the new Confidance Musical Theatre School Website 
is about to get some sleep. Got me a new 500gb HD in the MBP  about time!!
Is about to get some voltage 
Is about to go and watch night at the museum 2 with my wife! I like friday night dates 
Is about to go and work on the boat 
is about to go buy his mother a mother's day gift 
is about to go downstairs for breakfast.  tweet tweet!
is about to go for a walk with the hubby and baby...then a shower and breakfast with the boys....going to be a stay inside and read day 
Is about to go hiking and to the beach.  Sunshine is a great thing. 
is about to go out and star gaze with the boyfriend 
is about to go out for a run  31 days until i go on vacation haha ;D 11 days without parents yay xD
Is about to go out for all-I-can-eat sushi!! 
Is about to go see Trey Songz sexy self at Premium tonight!!!! Yuuup!!! I love him!!! 
is about to go to bed after updating www.shaylamichelle.com . Feel free to check out my hobby if you like jewelry! 
is about to go to H's house 
is about to go to Life Group. Awesome 
is about to go to school for one day 
is about to go to sleep cuz i have to get up early to sing at church! 
Is about to go to sleep.  good night everyone
is about to go to the movies with mum. awww 
is about to have a cookout and go swimming with our family friends! 
is about to have a drink and watch the game......GO DENVER!!!!!! we need a game 7 
is about to have dinner. Thanks to Ninangs Rei and Kel for my Restaurant City toilet thingamajigs! 
is about to have the most enjoyable nite!!! 
is about to hear Tom Goss sing live. 
is about to help set up this garage sale stuff. what a drag, but at least im leaving on Sunday! 
is about to jump on a honda shadow and take a glorious ride on this beautiful day. 
is about to leave for her dress rehearsal..... http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/event.php?eid=74923382139&amp;ref=ts 
is about to leave the office in a while  http://plurk.com/p/pbz3u
Is about to run home, do my grocery shop and cook up a storm!!! YUM 
is about to see andrew again! 
is about to sing Happy Birthday to her dad. The cookie cake I made him is hideous, hope it tastes good. 
is about to start editing pics i took of my dear friend donna today. i think she's the cutest baldie ever! 
is about to start the pink booklet. someone help mee? 
is about to watch 27 Dresses 
is about to watch Gwen Stefani 
is about to watch 'the making of radioactive' dvd 
is about to what a doco with the boy on vampirism...woohoo.. 
Is about too go home 
Is about two hours from home and can't wait to sleep in her bed 
is above and beyond... Life condition strengthened... 
Is Absolutely Cream Crackered  Night Night All 
Is absolutely LOVING summer so far 
is abt to lay it down and begin dreaming 
is actually enjoying her hard work outside 
Is actually getting excited for NFG 
is actually writing guitar parts today, start rehearsing tomorrow 
is add bb pin: 24B32F17  http://plurk.com/p/xo6a0
is addicted to Rico Blanco's sounds..  http://plurk.com/p/xtuvm
Is addicted to sonic 
Is ADDICTED to TWITTER SO MUCH 
Is adding finishing touches to her website...which will be launched on Friday 
is adopting a puppy from the rspca on saturday  cant wait
is ahhhh!!!!!! I'm an emotional drunk... help me...mom don't judge me 
is all alone in the office, with nothing to do. 
is all done with her weekend homework! could have been done early today but... youtube is too distracting. anyways.. YAY!! 
is all glammed up with nowhere to go...*sigh*  Maybe a solo trip to Jax after the rugrats go home?  Dinner and a movie solo sounds nice. 
Is all packed and ready to leave for stoke again! Really wanna go a see pink again! I keep reliving it in my head lol 
is allergic to gym  YAY!
Is alllmmmmmost ready to launch the website.... giddyup!! So excited!! 
is almost back 
Is almost completely done moving  a few last things, some cleaning, and viola! All done!
is almost done with the third/chapter cover page, yay 
is almost done with work.  http://plurk.com/p/ui9nb
is almost off work, toi with Kenta after 
is already enrolled 
Is already practicing harmony for The Beatle's Rockband! September cannot come soon enough 
is already really busy at work. Had 2 Jackpots right when shift started. Not a bad way to start the day!  
is also enjoying coldplays new album 
is also on the road again. 
is also very    cause she bought 2 pairs of shoes. got to love sales!
is also very excited for the BLAZIN SQUAD revival!  im rooting for 'em-- their new song http://tinyurl.com/dz7tms
is also working on Style on Sunday on Sunday 
is amazed at how God works...had an amazing time at beach blast with the high school students this past week 
is amazed at how great Green Day sounds, Still! 
Is amazed at the sheer flood of #awaresg updates being circulated on Twitter. Best example of social media news share at work.. 
is amused watching Matt &amp; Jeff embrace the Twitter technology 
is an official high school graduate 
Is and having girl talk with nags and steph! Super chill night! 
is annoyed when emails I send don't get to their recipient or end up going to spam.  Oye!  Sometimes technology isn't too cool.  
is another day at the beach or indoor water park, put put laterrr i think 
Is answering quetsions bout miss Kelly! bachlorette deal!!!!  aww love is SOOOOO great! damb u! ha ha
is answering quizzes on facebook.  stress reliever!!! http://plurk.com/p/11e984
is anticipating some hot tea. 
Is any one driving from NY to MA tommorow or MA to Philly on Sunday..I have $$ for gas  #phish
Is anyone a True Blood fan? It is a little cheesy at time, but I kind of like the show. 
Is anyone awake? I am at work and it is 2.43am.... bored taking a break from studying  what are you doing?
is anyone else addicted to smosh? 
Is anyone else besides me OVERJOYED that Blink is back together???   Dream come true....
Is anyone else excited about @mitchelmusso debut album in stores tomorrow? We couldn't be anymore anxious then what we are now! 
Is anyone else going to get their new SideKick today?  I'm on my way!
is anyone else watching this football game, 'tis insane 
Is anyone going to get @mitchelmusso 's new cd this Tuesday? I know i am! 
Is anyone in Camden? I am! Text or call my number on my profile  #fb
Is anyone in the mood to buy me Kathy Griffin tickets at the Van Wezel? 
Is anyone joomla-savvyyy? We just need a lil template modifyinggg pretty please  we'll give you cookies!
is anyone nice enough to buy me a canon xsi dslr??? 
Is anyone on tumblr? I like it! 
is anyone on??? im in a chating mood anyone wanna chat?? 
is anyone playing poker tonight? so far we have 3. please play its my 1st game 
Is anyone watching Conan? He's doing a thing on the &quot;Twitter Tracker.&quot; 
Is appreciating the different apps on Blackberry including FB app. Makes graduating ceramonies seem much shorter. Is that wrong??? 
is appreciating the little things. &quot;I tried to be chill but you're so hot that I melted.&quot;   &lt;3
is are you having a six flags day?? haha white water was fun!!! 
is Around the Housee, Then to Gettysburg withh My Girrrls for the Nigghhht  Get at Me &lt;3
Is ashley trying to say that im perfect. 
is assembling a to do/to buy/to visit list for her upcoming trip 
Is assuming @hen4 is not wearing her shorts today as the sun is shining and its hot, hot, hot! 
is at @LeftBrainMedia's house atm working 
is at a bday party too 
is at a family meal 
Is at a graduation party! watching Detriot play    ...txt mehhh
Is at a Lia Sophia party. Pure Romance is next!!!!! 
is at a wedding 
is at alicia's party 
is at breakfast with the ladies 
is at California hotel  http://plurk.com/p/ytprn
is at Camden Rocks 
is at Camp Tahigwa planning pre-camp &amp; other funness! So excited for staff to arrive Monday! 
is at Changi Airport waiting to board the plane. Manila, here I come! 
is at chau's house! 
is at choich then spendin' all day w/ the fam!!  Take time to appriciate life's little blessings all around you today! So beautiful! 
is at college  can't wait to get home
is at college and is doing her work. 8 days after today...not long now  x
is at college with Deliaaaaaa  &lt;3
is at Danny &amp; Jenny's wedding. We are proud of you guys! Hope you have fun in Paris! I expect to see some pics on FaceBook! 
is at denny's right now with the group. prom was fun 
is at disneyworld!!!!!!!! 
is at El Dorado for a brunch stop with the Tahoe peeps. &quot;Ohhhh...we're half way there...OH-OOO!&quot; Programming team will get it. 
Is at elon salon in marietta. Rebecca is a great hair stylist 
is at Frankie's house. Still watching Yes Man with em'. 
is at froots with amanda 
is at game one of the lakers vs jazz! 
is at Hannah's house with Kat eating pasta, and all have our faces in our laptops - we're that coool 
is at her aunts house 
Is at her cousin kerris! she has a job interview..but first she has to go get me starbucks! hanging around her house. Talk to me 
is at her friend Eileens house.  bought this http://bit.ly/mPBrN  at trinoma!! &lt;3
is at herr dads  x
is at his nanas, beyonce with shontelle tonight 
is at his parents' ranch for a few days! *yawn* &quot;Good night! Pictures to come!&quot;  @ The Ranch http://loopt.us/8lsE2A.t
Is at his photographyclass but not much is happening, retouching a photo of a African wilddog 
is at home and ready for my dance recital 
is at home bored shitless  xx
is at home chilllin about to roll on to sleep! feelin so fresh and clean plus cool!   ahhh! ^^
Is at home relaxing cant wait too see my besty 2 morrw hope i well enough to go to the city woot 
is at home watching over you... 
is at home, cleaning up the apt and getting ready for the evening, SOOO EXCITING ! 
is at home. I am losing my voice.:/ Jay and Alexis are spending the night. 
is at home. practicing singing on the way home 
is at home.. Rest.. 
is at home... mabuti na lang at nakagamit din!  houseband mode again... http://plurk.com/p/yu67o
is at home...best place to be...and very proud of her bf getting through the approvals process 
is at hs graduation  watching her pretty girl graduate! -Sara-
Is at it again tonight 
is at Kanata.  Helloooo! Its a pretty day.
is at keeley's slummin. nothing changes 
is at Kits  yeee
is at Klaudine's. Again... 
is at Kumori with Al and Cat. @arterbizzle: I see you! 
is at last on Twitter! Working on the new songs! Wishing everybody a good weekend! 
is at last on Twitter! Working on the new songs! Wishing everybody a good weekend!  Visit the youtube or the myspace pages in the meantime
is at library  bzzzzzzzzzz
Is at Lily Koi with Pam 
is at London Bridge near closing time... pondering life and such with Jessi! 
Is at Luke W.'s thingie! Influencing Strategy by Design - about organisational effectiveness, yay. #uxlondon 9 week course in 3.5 hours 
is at morning photography class. Am I enjoying the class? no i guess.! wake up sleepy head  
Is at mos burgarrr! Butterfly prawns!!!  so delish!
Is at my grandma's house right now, with the whole family 
is at Nordstrom. 
is at opry mills. 
is at Pelzer for their awards day. 
Is at quickly 
Is at Robina losing his Apple Store virginity 
is at Sam's and wants to party!!!!!! yeah!!!! 
is at school :| xx still happy that Dv won BGT  xxxx
is at school, doing a racism project. exiciting. 
is at Showtime watching Arabians show. Ahh...the life 
is at Tanya's... yay! 
is at the beach for the day!  
Is at the beach. 
is at the Blue Lemon in Highland checking out their cupcakes 
is at the bus stop with sophie and stick legs  sunnnytimessss 
is at the computer. :] YouTubing, then hanging out with Dylan later  Veggie Sub Awayy!! Garrett, I love youu!.
Is at the convention center.... About to get into a bunch of hair stuff 
is at the golf course ready to play &amp; relax the rest of this weekend 
is at the gym then off to cocoa beach for Sunday Funday 
Is at the hangover! 
is at the lighting desk 
is at the lock in 
Is at the movies about to watch UP in 3D.  in Baton Rouge, LA http://loopt.us/rBV-0g.t
Is at the movies with Josiah 
Is at the pool with some friends 
is at the 'rents. Mom even made me potato salad and jello cake. Yummy! She must love me fat. 
is at the salon getting pampered. yay for me! Time for a new look 
is at the shopping mall, ready to spend some quality time with my Visa card...  #fb
Is at the Tonic....waiting on Prez.....whatta day 
Is at the trips first t ball game. 
Is at the trop painted as captain america. 
is at the ynares sports arena covering the pbl pg flex unity cup finals game 4 between pharex and oracle! 
is at the zoo today  will see some flippers haha
is at Vineyard Extreme church where Ramon is the Senior Pastor! Crazy! 
is at work - BBQ with the guys tonight 
is at work ... hungry, looking forward for lunch 
is at work and not enjoying the rain, but hope everyone has great day..xoo 
is at work and not very happy about it.  But my staff are taking me to lunch so that should be fun 
Is at work having a slow Sunday morning...roll on 12 when I can take the dog for a bath in the name of charity! 
is at work now..and has LOT of stuff to do...eeek! but I'll survive! 
is at work reading my favorite book .. again 
is at work till five then with the best person i know 
is at work with my dad. 
is at work, but does not feel like getting started! 
is at work, on break soon  @taylorswift13 come to vancouver please! i would die to see you in concert  &lt;3
is at work. Studying this TokBox API again. 
is at work.. lol.. im all alone here.. 
is at work... being very bored 
is at work.... I REALLY wanted to sleep in this morning, but I had to come make some money 
is at work...working.  But has a reason to smile anyway.  
Is ATS Addictive? New member here; Hello  - http://t.atsmix.com/t468701
is attempting to tan evenly 
is attending a fabulous, enligtening, entertaining, engaging talk now! Really received alot! Whooo hooo!! 
is attending an organist course for some weeks.. lots of excitement! 
is attending IGN with her friends  party all nite looooong!
Is awake   &lt;3Drea
is awake  rite..... gotta get ready to head home....needs to wake up!!
Is awake ... Today will be... A better day 
is awake and hopeing for a good day at work as the sun is shining 
is awake and ready for the day!! 
is awake but doesn't have to be at school til 10. 
is awake but very tired. Will be joining the twits very soon for more adventures 
is awake!  Lovely sunny day, shame i gots work do xx
is awake!  yesterday was so awesome and vice are fiiiiiiinnneeee lol. x
is awake. Time to go shopping. Taylor Swift was amazing last night! 
Is awake... blimey it's got late  Seriously hung over town
is awake...morning twitts 
is awake..gonna go make her self some tea.. I hope everyone has a great day!!!! 
is away from keyboard. BRB.  http://plurk.com/p/x5xzx
Is Away to do the race dr life  5k aye alright lol x wish me luck  x
is awayy outside in the SUN painting my nails  !
Is babysitting 3 dogs...they are all over the place... 
is babysitting my neighbors. text meeeeee 
Is babysitting! 
is back  http://plurk.com/p/x6sgz
is back ! Hello twittles! 
is BACK *cue cool music! 
Is back at home playing xbox 
is back at the dorm!kinda tipsy.. woohoo  I say RED is the color!!*Random.
Is back at work for the week. I hope you had a great birthday love, missing you! &lt;3  &lt;3 .
is back at work, still sore after all the fire/rescue drills in full gear 
is back at work. Nice and sunny today in Norway 
is back at working auditing away, time to make the hard decisions and be happy 
is back didnt go to school    p.s dont tell my mum that im on the pc *wink*
is back from a fab massage &amp; lunch, all relaxed to sleep now 
is back from a HOT afternoon date w/hubby... thx Felicia for taking care of our lil' twister  needed the break, badly!!!
is back from a weekend get away 
is back from Ant's sleepover party I LOVEE MY NAILS espescially in the light Elena! LMFAO! haahah &quot;THE LIGHT&quot;! 
is back from badminton and swimming &gt;.&lt; tired but i have a fun time with my cell group member   
is back from college and laying next to her gorrrrrrrrrrrgeous boyfriend in bed 
is Back from disaster.  http://plurk.com/p/xt7xe
is back from Hatteras. Today will be spent getting the house in order. Then, to write articles 
is back from hawaii. it's good to be home  had a great time, though 
is back from her 4hrs hike up the Tatras. Gorgeous scenery and lovely hike... heading back to Krakow now... 
Is back from her trip to Oregon..  and back in CA 
is back from kingston with emily  ....watchin transformers on t.v : P
is back from mission beach, time to drink by the pool 
is back from Mysore, Finally visited Brindavan gardens 
is back from national bookstore..  http://plurk.com/p/xcka1
is back from puxi~ got another prom dress. lol. a really casual one. hahs. and its blaaaaack. &lt;3 gonna watch natsume nowwww! 
is back from shanghai  hello stinky, sweaty, b.o. filled beijing!
is BACK from somewhere.  http://plurk.com/p/y360x
is back from Syracuse &amp; having a BBQ!!!   xo
is back from TAFE after doing some confusing stuff involving wires and multimeters 
is back from the movies !  http://plurk.com/p/uj66s
is back from the Sizzler   yum, yum... I'm so full now!
is back from vacation! Now lets get this paper right! 
is back home - my feet are sore but happy with my shopping!  (130)
is back home in California and had the BEST night with her boyfriend and 2 best friends....best day ever 
is back home now.   http://plurk.com/p/p63ka
is back home! the grad party was alot funner than expected; i forgot there were gonna be highschool aged hispanic guys  and good music.
is back home, will go back to sleep 
is back home. Bout to go outside and read my Christy Miller book!  I'm on page 377!!! 27 days till the cruise!
is back home. great family weekend. almost complete family 
Is Back in France 
is back in manila!  i missed you guys! 
is back in Manila! *cry* Take me back to the beach! 
is back in Manila, back home, and back in front of her laptop! 
Is back in Orlando from a fun weekend 
is back in telefonica  I think I brought the rain back with me!!
is back inside from sitting outside playing with citronella (sp?) fires to keep the bugs away. 
is back of annual leave and has got a very busy diary this week!  Just off out on a client visit 
Is back on the twitter  Has had SUCH a hectic schedule but has also had a blast!
is back on twitter  yay!
is back on Twitter...Doing Uni work - Finish Uni this week, woop!  x
is back online.. thankyou Virgin 
is back to her Logic.... tweaking the squeaking, cancel the noise, pumping the beat, and expanding threshold ..  Boosting the bass is on!
is back to twitter and is glad about that 
is back to twitter. 
Is back to work for the week. I hope you have a great birthday love, missing you! &lt;3  &lt;3 .
is back twittering after a good night's rest 
is back! and watching Ruby anihilate Twitter with random updates 
is back. Haha. Ang saya today. I think  http://plurk.com/p/xurnx
is back...been feeling ill and extremely busy all week. happy mother's day, to all you mama's out there 
Is backk 
Is backk from registration &amp;&amp; readyy for her dayy to startt 
is bak from learner services  http://plurk.com/p/uj7pu
is BAKING ! HAHAHA. With abby and nikki !  http://plurk.com/p/mzsld
is baking cupcakes, making coloured icing, and LOVIN IT! 
is baking myself some early bday cupcakes 
is baking with grace. yummy 
Is balcony with a select few. Where's Zumarr?!! Been dissapeared lol. Bout to go for a walk on the beach. Headaches gone 
is barbecuing out on the terrase.!  lovely weather! 
is basically gonna spa in her shower today! need to exfoliate; im excited for my new looooofah my mom bought me 
Is basically the happiest girl ever.  &lt;3 GOOD night!!
is basking in the sun 
Is basking in the sun  Kate
Is Basking in the Sun........................ 
is bathing trolls in care and love on Omegle to see what happens. They usually seem to end up awe struck and unable to form a new offense 
is battered, bruised, broken and generally in need of a hol. Good thing it's Greece on Wednesday. Hello 5* luxury. 
is BBQing  yummers
Is been a good daughter for once 
is being a lazy ass today^^ wrapped up in a blankie, drinking tea and listening to the rain outside...ahhhh 
is being a print right now. Finals, finals, finals. 
is being eco-friendly 
is being entertained at the Grace dinner theater 
is being hacked by @chinasaurousrex. 
is being lazy   its awesome!!
is being LAZY at home!!!  Loves it!
Is being lazy today. 
is being Mother today, with GeorgeyPorgey  x
is being super-organised and making up orders to post first thing tomorrow! 
is being taken out to lunch by BSP today 
Is being vincentiant with lindsay for the day 
is besides herself with joy  
Is blasting TUNES!!! And ignoring the bangs of my neighbours LMFAO!!! Shut up Maaan! 
is blessed and highly favored....loving my life 
is blogging again 
Is boiled after her walk to nursery and back phew at least it's a wee bit cooler  xx
Is boiling day  well tanned loves the beach and hitting the town tonight!
is booking hotels and cruises all day 
is bored and waiting for the hills to come on 
is bored as CRAP.  Entertain!!!!! 
is bored bored bored bored, and its saturday... wanna go get drunk  yer!
Is bored who wants to chat? 
is bored wiv twitter so is going on facebook 
is bored! may take a wander to the shop! 
is bored. but shit happens. Wanna just call quits now. BUT LEEDS 
is boreeed. Can't sleep. But cuddling with her baby 
is bout to shut down nashville wit her girls 2nite!!! 
Is bowlin with frans! 
is breakfast in bed on this gloomy day  i loves it
Is breaking out the rain boots today 
is bringin goofy back. no more wienerschnitzel for me 
is brownnnnn.  i love this weather.
is brunching at SLU  in Seattle, WA http://loopt.us/6Y8AQA.t
is brushing up #kiteforumno 
is busy bee! 
is busy busy day 
is busy editing &amp; creating jingles &amp; drops....fun fun fun 
is busy watchin &quot;little nicky&quot; ha ha its so funny 
is busy, busy, busy.  jas@sh00t.me (book your shoot today!)
is But I Don't Feel Like Dancin!!!.................... such a good song 
is buying a new house with Phil!  
Is buying another baby pressie! 
Is cacti is a good supervisor for a PHP noob like me ? That's the question !! 
is calling it a day! time to go home to the little boy 
Is Calvin Harris still our number one? Ooohhh British-ness  James Morrison ft Nelly Furtado - Broken Strings - No. 20 ! Top 40 uk chart
is carrying on a conversation with the voices in my head!!!! I told you they like me better then you 
is catching nuff jokes! 
Is catching up on beauty sleep 
Is catching up the on britain's got more talent that i missed yesterday while i get dressed for work 
is caught up and leaving work-I am officially ON VACATION.  Shane and Sandy, I am truly sorry for all the papers.  Don't hate me.  
Is celebrating Greek Easter with thesecond family 
is celebrating her 1.10 anniversary with @daveyheats  :x &lt;3 and it's Sunday again...
is celebrating her 21st birthday 
is celebrating her mother 50th in a 2 day birthday bonnaza... Champagne is the way forward may even make the  sunshine 
is certainly happy despite the weather.  Thank You, Lord.
is chamber callbacks tomorrow..the day I have been waiting for, for SO long! 
Is Charleston bound for the day 
is chatting NOT with an Irishman, but rather a man who happens to BE in Ireland. oops...... 
is chatting on facey with @JuliaBier and Matt about the Maine 
is chatting with Willy Valdez about comics 
is checking computer stuff before I go sit back down &amp; read 
is checking out for nice unity coins.  A gift to two very dear friends.  
Is checking out the camera assessment series at the produced by conference 
is checking out the Nokia 6301, liking it so far  Stylish, simple and feature rich!
is checking the bar code on her ass to see if she is past her sell by date.... nope - still fresh as a daisy! 
-is chillaxing [-missing tha hubby) ; bout to get ready for my sisters graduation &amp; a family thing 
is Chillen with the Hommies     Hoby Ohio North ROCKS!!! SRRY KENTUCKY...Dont Mess With the Best 
is chillin 
is chillin . going home today from almost a week at shawns. ha . text meee  lets go phillies and nationals !
is chillin at her boyfriends going to go and sunbathe soon 
is chillin chillin with muh kittay 
is chillin in bed watching dog the bounty hunter! 
Is chillin like a villain  no class until wednesday.
is chillin out, hangin w/ friends. 
is chillin' to some Open The Skies - y'all should check them out if you haven't already and come see them play Preston next month.  
is chillin to the new promo of SEF - U NEED A HERO - D-BOY &amp; AZADVIR 'KID FRESH' SINGH REMIX FT DES-C Its a awesomee track 
Is chillin wit luce!  x
is chillin with @MyDogDiesel what a nice sunday 
is chillin....watching king of queens and trying to figure out what to do tonight  what are you doing??
is chilling @ trish's 
is chilling in bed... sunbed today 
Is Chilling 'N' Enjoying The Peace 'N' Quiet  (Y) ♥;; Loves My 2 Baby Boys Loads ;;♥
is chilling out in the back garden listening to my decent music! Maybe I should download a lot more! 
is chilling out with Nards, Noah and Gang over sinigang and coffee jelly. 
Is Chilling Thinking Of That Special Someone 
Is chilling wit my boy 
is chilling! 
is chilling, it's finally over! 
is chillling &amp; ready for taras birthday celebrations in good old liverpoool tonight  cant waitttt. X
Is chilln..drinking a nice cold caramel frap from starbucks 
Is chooning out to EZ rollers on the the way to movie land 
is chunking up the deuce for the South [Houston] &amp; the North [Rhode Island]! 
is cleaning &amp; listening to Adele!!! &lt;3 her music!!....Out to eat wit the bestie later!!! all  s
is cleaning chicken bones 
is cleaning my room. text 
is close to level 25 in PetSo.  Gotta be in level 26 before school! http://plurk.com/p/xe1f2
is club unity in montreal w/ chuck &amp; dylan!! 
is cold in Aucks but enjoying the warmth of loving friends - awwwwwww! 
is cold, haha its nice out but kinda chilly...  doing some things, then sleep and last full day of school &lt;3 how exciting.
Is coming back to visit May 9th - 13th 
is coming home for summer today 
Is coming to the end of his first shift  6.30 local
is comparing facebook to twitter, and frankly twitter succeeds 
Is completely overcome with joy. 
is confused.com at this twitter business 
is congratulating all Filipinos for another victory courtesy of the No.1 Pound-4-Pound Fight in the WORLD- Manny &quot;the PACMAN&quot; Pacquiao. 
is connected at 1.64 Mbps  *stops stabbing himself*
is connecting with her elementary classmates and schoolmates through Facebook.  http://plurk.com/p/uk8w6
Is considering taking the butcher knife to his toe. 
is contemplating what to do... currently the pro's are outweighing the con's 
is content 
is converting my whole class to twitter during computers  word
is cookin dinner.  just waitin for it to boil up
is cooking all by herself for her sister. 
is cooking bangers and mash 
is cooking chicken and will bake cupcakes after dinner  http://plurk.com/p/y49r6
is cooking lunch for a special friend 
is cooking Pancakes. 
is counting days till I go. ♥ 
is counting down the days til i leave 
is counting down to that lovely time.  
is counting down..2 more days 'til @therealdwele invades my town!!! No I won't be wearing the shirt @loc_star  *exits*
is cozied up in her bed watching 48 Hours Hard Evidence. GAH! i love these shows! 
is crackin up @ Jehu running crazy thru our home...he's so excited...his gf Rachel lives n walking distance now 
Is cranking the iPod touch 
is crashing at Jane's place until Thursday! Whee! 
is craving for CRADBURY FREDDO STRAWBERRY ..  nomnomnom..
is craving for food! Constantly digging the fridge for something so eat! 
is craving something sweet..&amp; has decided to relax &amp; stay in &amp; couldnt be happier 
is crazy and fanatic about the Twilight saga! Cant wait for New Moon which will come out on my birthday woohoo! 
is creating myspace layout of bumblebee the god 
is crossing her fingers for Poolz &amp; the Senticsphere... and all the other lovelies in SEEDS this year! 
Is crying.. Awwww barbie presents thumbelina!! 
is curious how far she can actually drive after the gas light comes on.  #gas  &lt;--that made me giggle. 
is currently @ home 
is currently at facebook.com 
is currently at the naval acemedy watching her cousin graduate, and finding a navy boyfriend 
is currently at work and listeninng to boy hits car which is a nice change 
is currently leaning random songs.. 
Is currently pissed with Lia  fuck the drillfest, shitheads
is currently playing Restaurant City!  http://plurk.com/p/xefd5
is currently typing this on her PS3!!! 
is currently updating her receipe book while listening to tegan and sara 
is currently uploading the pictures from the concert!  Hahaha. Comments?
is currently watching Billy Madison.... I Heart Adam Sandler 
is currently watching singing BEE 
is currently watching: Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood Ep8  http://plurk.com/p/xmu00
is customizing layouts.. 
Is cutting branches off trees  lol i've been told i have a.d.d lol
is cutting some trees to improve spectator quality on Ypres Rally 
is dancing a geeky dance of joy over the awesomeness of @dreamwidth - and it's only going to get better! 
is dealing with the fact that he is at work by reminding himself that he gets to leave early to go to RXP today!  
is debating giving twitter a proper go. now to try and understand it 
is debating, Vietnam or the Phillipines? Culture or the sun? Heat or more heat? Life is good 
is deemed hopeless  
is deeply deeply inlove with Ed Westwick.  twitter me  lol
is deffo going to see Take That tuesday &amp;&amp; James Morrison is suport! wehay!! just dying zee hair  x
Is definately gonna go see The Sounds when they do their headlining tour 
is definitely enjoying the friendship she has with you, and is going to hang onto it. 
is definitely going to do lots of work today and no procrastinating at all 
is definitely in a good mood. 
is delete-ing the people who i dunno 
is delighted Susan Boyle didnt win!.....Diversity......ROCK!! 
Is delighted to now see 105 members in the Regime Change China Facebook Group. Click link to the right of this page to join. 
Is designing clothes in class 
is designing dresses this morning 
is designing my new custom twitter page! Stay tuned 
is desinfecting his hands one mlre time and with that finishing a quite chilly nightshift  good nite, good morning whatever...Im...zzzzzzZ
is desperately trying to get out of town... i can't get to lubbock fast enough 
is destressing by watching JONAS and Hannah Montana  - http://tweet.sg
is DETERMINED TO a) get her hwk done b) get restaurant city to work! 
is determined to have a good night at work. 
is determined to watch the Harlem Globetrotters when they visit Manila on May 24 and 25! Wheeee! Sakto for my birthday! 
is developing the next market survey software for coca-cola NWABU 
is digging on chillin' at home on a Sunday. 
is dinner with Kayla and Lois  then off to Perrysburg's Dance Recital in Maumee. I will tweet how my students do!
is discussing bllywood 
is diving at The Arch today and El Cabron 
is DJing a new mix for my car  woop woop
is doin random stuff 2 pass the time,any1 wana play tennis in the rain 
is doin' university stuff and looking forward 2 have a braai with friends later this day - enjoyin' life 
is doing a test to get her internship at tarunanusantara high school 
is doing absolutely nothing today, wow that was worth writing lol 
is doing alot of planning for our Keystone party!! Whoot Whoot to the Boys and Girls Club of America! 
is doing good, treating the days wisely 
is doing her happy dance!  
Is doing her tosies 
is doing homework with my mommm. 
is doing homework.  Two weeks till she sees ShannsHawt2009 
is doing more planning for the Eastern Canada Leadership Retreat and hoping that Erica and Rene have fun at the Wings game tonight! 
Is doing my laundry. One of my favorite chores. 
is doing nothing tomorrow  #fb
is doing nothing, watching tts, then work at 11:30  don't want to get up out of bed 
is doing nothing. glad my brother isn't home. lol  My hair is super-straight today. It's scary.  &lt;3
is doing pointless quizzes on Facebook but not publishing them so i don't annoy people 
is doing some 'news reading' at CNN site ---and chatting online as well 
is doing some work today to make my Monday morning go easier - well fingers crossed 
is doing stupid hw ugh 4 more days woot 
is doing the last day of school &quot;Happy Dance&quot; 
is doing the study thing 
is doing THE THESIS MANIA.  survey.survey and survey.
Is doing the 'watch eric movies' trend. Gladiator anyone? 
is done and effin happy about it. 
is done chasing after boys. 
is done chemistry for LIFE   yay
is done cleaning and updating, now bout to get this run in. l8r my twiggas! 
is done day two and absolutely dead... back up for more shooting tomorrow 
Is done packing for the day. Text it 
Is done playing mario party after 3.5 hours. It was intense. Watching 10 things I hate about you now 
is done washing dishes!!!!   and is now gonna take a shower. 
is done with all her u.s. history work for the year. now i have a couple english assignments and that's it! 
is done with boys, ready for MEN  hahaha
is done with cleaning  (122)
is DONE with her freshman year of high school. supp summer? 
is done with homework. 
Is done with revising today! Time to chill 
is done with this. i promise. no more. im through with it. AKJFKFJHSFHJKSFHKJFHDSJBKSJFH(S*YSFJKH. okay now im done. 
is done with work 
is done with work ... now I can enjoy my wine  #fb
is done working for tonight. Time for some s.o. time. 
is DONE!!!!  I am officially done with college....what an awesome thing to be able to say! 
Is donig an assignment on research...kind of wierd if you think that you are doing research about research... 
is down the Black Lion in Althorne - beer is now all ordered for party 
is down to the wire. Graduation is just a mere six days away. I can't believe it. I think I might just cry. I might... I'll miss you all. 
is downloading all my fav hairspray songs forn youtube 
is downloading mitchels album 
Is downloading the Fast &amp; Furious soundtrack, I just loved the music in the movie.. 
is downloading, downloading, downloading. 
is downtown at two am with bria &amp;&amp; jake. i love late nights. 
is downtown with Brandon, Jerrod and Rudy...3 of my favorite guys 
is dragging my iv pole down to get a chocolate &amp; PB Fribble... Nice having a Friendly's open until 6am! 
is drawing on pebbles with permanent markers 
is dreading the flight - takeoff, landing etc but can't wait for sunny weather and tavernas with nice cold beer 
Is dreading the moment when her alarm buzzzes in the morning. Third day soffees and baggie shirt  4 days!
is dreaming about a lion that she had to kiss to turn it into a boy to save his life! lol.. nice fairytale Leo! thanks! 
is drinking a beer or 5 at one of the top ten breweries in Michigan. His job - Bastone. 
Is drinking a smoothie out of a coconut with the roomies life is good 
is drinking coffee and watching my soaps.  A perfect Sunday. 
is drinking her tea, then gunna take a shower and head to work 
Is drinking hot chocolate with marshmellows from an santa cup 
Is drinking iced coffee. The barista liked my @TWLOHA shirt &amp; supports the cause. 
is drinking red wine  ... and you're bothered, because......?
Is drinking sangria with his fav ppl. 
Is drinking some delicious wine 
Is drinking sunny d and eating goldfish 
Is driving home from hbff and is tyyyyad! Support black film makers 
is driving out to Naperville to see her boyfriend play. 
is driving with his grandpa 
Is drivng with herself *haha* to mesa for a wedding reception and feels really pretty 
Is dying for the p!nk concert to come faster! Is so excited for @KaylaLeee only 2 days!!! omfg!!  Twitter/Myspace/PP/Facebook/MSN!! arghh!
Is dying her hair brown today!! This summer is going to ROCK!! 
is eatin lunch then headin out to the kenny chesney concert! 
is eatin' scones with butter before headin' to my doctor in a bit and check the li'l one. 
is eatin, lol, as usual, thank god for fast metabolisms 
is eating 
is eating a breakfast bagel 
is eating a cucumber 
is eating a delicious cheese-bread  (much batter than ANY  Bagle)
is eating a freezeeeee  It has been very nice out!. Screw the rain. &lt;3
Is eating a giant bowl of yogurt 
Is eating a honey mustard fried crunchwrap.  Yummm
is eating a strawberry and they are super wicked cool 
is eating cake, mmm....tis fabulous methinks 
is eating Camior light.� milk chocolate with hazelnuts pero no sugar added.  http://plurk.com/p/ukdub
is eating cereal... and contemplating on the stark realisation that my life is boring...! Ha ha  XD
is eating champorado! perfect for a rainy day!  i wish @jumpingmacaroons was here.. (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/xcjxi
is eating cheeese 
is eating cheesy beano  yum yum
is eating chocolate 
is eating chocolate... wow, i need to get over my obsesion. BUT ITS SO GOOD!! hehe... 
is eating cupcake 
is eating delicious steak her brother made. 
is eating flake...jealous? hhaha wait for it... from england. hahah 
is eating frozen grapes, in an effort to fill in his desire of sorbet and BTW they taste amazing. @pogosaito got another bushel o bananas 
is eating his freshly made pizza 
is eating lunch at Sushi Tei, Sency yum! met Ghina earlier 
is eating lunch outside in the courtyard with my dad 
is eating Maple Nuts, catching up on Twitter, and watching Jon and Kate Plus 8...I'm so talented!  
is eating mcdonalds 
is eating meiji's coffeebeat chocolate. mas masarap pa din choco baby!  #fb
is eating my packed Lunch i feel about 10 yrs old lol 
is eating nuggets yeay 
is eating peanut m&amp;ms &lt;3 and just straightened my hair 
is eating pizza and drinking Irn-Bru  Oh the good life...
is eating seafood at zee beach 
is eating something lol and in the evening again to the cinema 
is eating strawberries 
is eating teri kacang with T man 
is eating thai food and loving it 
is eating the yummiest food one 
Is eating tiny teddy's.... Half coated in milk chocolate!! Yummy!!!! 
is eating toast before his interview ! wish me lucckk 
is eating Vietnamese noodles  http://plurk.com/p/uj2wx
is ebay shopping 
is ecstatic 
is ecstatic that last night went so well 
is editing pixies  http://plurk.com/p/yxrri
is editingg picturesss 
is encouraging you to support your local record store 
Is ending the day with another walk nice walk and then some gelato 
is enjoyin spendin the day wiv jack but hes now asleep !!! its anova sunny day here in sheffield lol  xxx
is enjoyin' the mega-slow network @ work!!!  
is enjoying a (now cold because i forgot i made it) cup of english breakfast tea 
Is enjoying a Babylon5-athon until late tonight  awesomeness of finishing postgrad uni course is setting in
Is enjoying a beer (brother's brew), goldfish and Bedtime Stories the movie with John! 
is enjoying a cherry coke with @gorillaglo and enjoying blink182  we need @heatherholley!!
is enjoying a kaya toast at home, the kaya is fresh from KL  http://plurk.com/p/rc2uh
is enjoying a lazy sunday 
is enjoying a lazy Sunday doing laundry and organizing my house 
is enjoying a lovely lazy sunday 
is enjoying a nice glass of red 
Is enjoying a rainy day watching movies... This is the life!! 
is enjoying a smoke 
is enjoying a sunny afternoon! 
is enjoying a tall, cool glass of pineapple, mint and lime juice. Virgin mojito katanya... 
Is enjoying a very full morning   How about you?
is enjoying an afternoon of sport, first the Grand Prix and now the French Open 
is enjoying an old favorite...Mrs. Doubtfire 
is enjoying another Monday off work 
Is enjoying classic childhood movie soundtracks 
is enjoying her afternoon of music and alone time...! 
is enjoying her day off 
is enjoying her day off in the sun 
is enjoying her day off, Brunch time 
is enjoying her summer but still counting down the days until California!!! I can't wait to see my best friends. 
is enjoying her sunday  but not looking forward to work on monday booo!!
is enjoying his Friday morning 
is enjoying his monday morning off from school  
is enjoying his second day at work  bit busier than yesterday
is enjoying his time in Nottingham with Corrien and the Boardmans!! 
is enjoying House. rah rah rah 
is enjoying laphroaig and taking pictures of Maddy-Ray for his new band 
Is Enjoying my New Lawn Furniture 
is enjoying poprocks.  http://plurk.com/p/n2zco
is enjoying scheduling time to work out rather than team meetings 
is enjoying some yummy honey roasted macadamias 
Is enjoying staying in the house today 
is enjoying the adventures of Hercule Poirot, yet again 
is enjoying the beautiful weather by listening to McFly 
Is enjoying the bright sunny morning doing homework &amp; later darkstar dub show 
is enjoying the evening sunshine sipping cider in a beer garden 
is enjoying the freedom of summer. 
is enjoying the improvement in my presentation 
is enjoying the lovely weather 
is enjoying the smell of rain 
is enjoying the sun 
Is enjoying the sun  http://yfrog.com/1axisj
is enjoying the sunshine at home...looking forward to the rest of summer, especially California with her squishy 
is enjoying the warm and sunny weather 
is enjoying the weather 
is enjoying the weather this morning in the desert 
Is enjoying the weather whilst revising 
is enjoying the weekend.  
is enjoying this beautiful day. what do you enjoy? 
is enjoying this beautiful sunny day 
is enjoying this rainy lil' morning with Cookie by my side in Manitou...  and loving the new hillsong album...
is enjoying watching my boyfriend host the MTV Movie Awards 
is eternally grateful to kat! 
is ever so tirrrred....excited about startin full time work on wednesday tho 
is excited  xx
is excited about bossys babyshower this weekend 
is excited about her new ringtone!  Every time my phone rings I will start dancing cus of it 
is excited about her weekend to come with Martha Whiting :L gonna be AMAZING!!!!  x
is excited about his next projects.. is directing an Ad film for a Silk Saree Shop and also making his debut as a DoP.  
is excited about IdeaBounty, loving the rain, enjoying writing her novel &amp; busy starting a new biz with her best friend... it's all good 
is excited about just staying home with the family tonight! 
is excited about our first caterpillars of the season!  
is excited about Taylor Swift on wednesday!!! 
is excited about the weekend coming up   i love suprises D and catching up with old friends DD
Is excited about the weekend.  Spending time in Louisville with Jake's family, and Lexington with Henson. Woo! 
is excited about this summer lots of good new music is comming out  yay! bout time i think we were in a music recession
is excited about tomorrow. No Doubt &amp; Paramore concert with the grls... West Palm Beach haha 
is excited about tonight now 
is excited about Tunica for my 21st birthday and dad's 45th birthday. Yay for having the same birthday as my father 
Is excited again. 
is excited and a little sunburnt 
is excited for a night alone with my littlest man 
is excited for Dilloooo Day 
is excited for exams to be over and the week after - Jack Penate and Killers gigs  a dream come true......
is excited for lmhr tomorrrrow 
Is Excited For Mcfly On The May 8th  Manchester Apollo .x
is excited for monday 
is excited for Monday and Tuesday  For totally different reasons, both of which are awesome.
is excited for my photoshoot 
is excited for NEW MOON! can't wait for 11.20.09  http://plurk.com/p/xo7kx
is excited for next week 
is excited for prom tonight.  Hopefully all goes well.
is excited for siquijor and bais 
is excited for the new melrose this fall...and for big brother too   i think i reply to other tweets too much.  stalker like?
is excited for the week ahead, and glad that the weekend went as well as it did 
is excited for this weekend!!!! Saturday is with kae and Sunday is with her padyluv and kavi whohooo 
is excited for today  #fb
is excited for todayyyyyy  getting readyyy xx
Is excited for tomorrow!  fun day.
is excited for tomorrow! fun with my photo-j girrllss 
is excited for tomorrow's class--field trip to see terminator 3!! i love college 
Is excited for tonight...seeing friends and drinking with friends I haven't seen in FOREVER!!!! 
is excited for tonight's party of ron  http://plurk.com/p/sujth
is excited for two more sleeps any she doesn't have to wear the stupid goggles to bed anymore. 
is excited for Whitley-Ashney time tonight. The Bachelorette+ Sushi= faaaaabulous. 
is excited it's JUNE already. It's so my month! YAY!!! Loving it  http://plurk.com/p/xg6vu
is excited my pops is home!! WooHoo!!!!  Calling it an early night, to spend time because i haven't seen him in like 4 days...night night!
is excited that the main sample album from #Loxley has arrived. Looks awesome 
is excited that this is actually working for her todayyyy 
Is excited that tomorrow is my birthday...off to bed ready for an awesome day tomorrow  night
is excited to be going to No5 tonight with @rose_red_121 and @judy_jay woooooo! i missed you guys! 
is excited to be going to Rome, Milan, and Venice 
is excited to be home, and alive. 
is excited to be visited by her twin and best friend! dinner, star gazing, and a movie!   // cool http://gykd.net
is excited to be working for the city in a month! 
is excited to celebrate her boyfriends 30th birthday tomorrow night 
Is excited to finish Jemima J tonight 
is excited to fly home to see her family and friends on Thursday 
is excited to get her new phone!! 
is excited to go back to school 
Is excited to go out to breakfast with her second family  happy mothers day all!
is excited to go to nbs later to buy sabine's things for school 
is excited to launch the official Kat &amp; Kaboodle professional organisers Twitter page!! 
is excited to meet my family tomorrow for lunch at Trinity, MOA. 
is excited to see Conan O'brian tonightt 
is excited to see my Mom. 
is excited to spend tomorrow with Luke! 
is excited to watch Keeping up with the Kardashians! 
is excited with her new phone! NK62 or simply &quot;Hello Kitty&quot; phone!! it was so cute!! and its color blue! my mom told me.. 
is excited!  http://plurk.com/p/stk04
is excited! Going to a dinner date (+kid) at a posh resto. Dinner was a prize I won from a quiz show. 
is excited!! 
is excited, nervous, and anxious that exactly one week from today... We finally get to meet her after 9 long months!!! Yay 
is excited.  mummy is coming in a week time, follow-ed by daddy and brother in the next following week!  
is execting his parents tomorrow 
is exhausted from a great weekend, and is looking forward to this week 
is exhausted from all the driving. Sleeping/resting now... waking up to do some edits. Voice is raw. But glad that it was fruitful for me 
is exhausted! I'm calling it a night 
is exhausted, ew for my double tomorrow. come visit me at z! ill be there ALLLL day 
is exhaustedd &amp; off to bedd, goodnighttt ♥ working on the music againn tomorrow 
is expecting faster travel tomorrow because of the Pacquiao fight. 
is experiencing the Stendhal's syndrome each time he goes down in his garage... 
Is experimenting with marshmallows 
Is expirencing a surreal moment 
is exploring &quot;twitter&quot; 
is exstatcic cos she found some brand new heels worth £270 for £10 on eBay!!! 
is extremelly tired and is happy that this will be the last week of school then off for a week 
Is Extremely Bored  Trying To Get Heaps Of People To Follow Me  lol
is FACEBOOK - ing 
Is falling amazingly hard for this guy; 
is falling asleep to the sound of a million frogs. 
is family reunion in NY!  Well, half the family that is.. http://plurk.com/p/x8fuf
is fantastic 
is far far away from home but having fun 
is feelin a 'lil bit ill, but am sure i'll be fine tomorrow 
is feelin charged....im sooo gonna do this!!! 
is feelin rough from last night but had a really good time 
Is feelin super today..not really happy mothers day 
is feelin' the LOVE from their awesome clients 
Is feeling &quot;Invincible&quot;  Do preview album!! http://www.myspace.com/urbanastronautsuk
is feeling a bit better is finally unpacked and has the day off!  spending it with her lovey. 
is feeling a little cool about living so close to Johnny Cash's old Ranch 
is feeling a lot happier, best revision session yet in the garden in the sun 
is feeling a tad rough today, too many pops last night  good times tho
is feeling contemplative. 
is feeling good and it's a long time since I've said that! 
is feeling good right now 
is feeling goooood after doing my scary abseil and freefall for Charity 
is feeling like a cult leader.  &quot;You have a new follower&quot; 
Is feeling like she good do a Bungee jump  Wowser only day 2 on the best diet ever, welcome to the wonderful world of SureSlim!!!
Is feeling marginally better. Thanks F.R.I.E.N.D.S 
Is feeling optimistic all will be well 
Is feeling perfectly contented. 
is feeling pleurgh-ish..  fajitas at the parents on thursday  YUM
is feeling pretty good again! Especially considering the caining my poor little brain got last night!! lol Monday Nite Sesh!!! 
is feeling rather artistic right now 
is feeling really relaxed and is glad that there is no work tomorrow 
is feeling revitalised after 22 lengths at the pool earlier 
is feeling sick and nervous yet bloody excited COYB!!!!!!!! 
is feeling somewhere between dead and alive today.Back at work - lots to do..least I'll b busy 
Is Feeling sorry for ab.  And looking up the effects of Botox on DNA for TOK
is feeling the birthday love already and it's only 10am!  thank you everyone!!! Off to renue my liciance sticker :p
is feeling the heat and wonders why the wrong boys chase after her and the right are clueless... 
is feeling the love of configuring top nav and left nav in a new #sharepoint master page 
is feeling the music 
is feeling the pain.  good kinda pain! Planning an early night and lots of rest. Two more days til the long weekend! 
is feeling very good about herself 2day  payday 2morrow, good grades, new tattoo looking lovely, Sarah is over 4 a few days, life is good!
is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed for a Monday evening...  oh wait..  that's just wine before dinner...  
is feeling wayy good 
is feeling weird from dinner food (can't trust her own cooking) but @ least loving her new phone! 
is ffinalllly laying out by the pool  yay
is figuring out twitter 
is filled with the Holy Spirit 
Is finally at sonic. Yay!  love my friends! Yes this means you john!
is finally back active on twitter! 
Is FINALLY back at these books! After a whole wknd of NADA! 
is finally back on Twitter! 
is finally catching up on the finals of the playoffs  lakers love 
is finally checking out of this hostel and going back to England!!  
IS FINALLY DONE WITH DRIVER'S ED ONLINE!! woohoooo!! halleluyerrr 
Is finally done work for the WEEKEND!!!!! I think this calls for a Drink!!! 
is finally getting out....oh yes the voices say yessssssssssssssss 
is finally getting started with the Flex 3 project for school 
is finally going to bed. just got home from work! 
is finally gonna go to bed. gosh i love my boyfriend 
is finally gonna start doing twitter!!! for reals!! 
is finally home 
is finally home and catchin up on tv  gosh how i missed my room ♥
is finally home from work and ready for her day off tomorrow! 
Is finally home from work. 
Is finally in sf 
is finally making progress on his business idea. 
Is finally off  now i can talk to that boy that makes me happy and wavi my bloody takeove with the roomies! *danielle*
is finally off to bed, made rescue videos and lost sleep.  Rescue me!  http://bit.ly/3pl6Dh
is finally on this crap!! it's been a long time.haha 
is finally relaxin! gotta go back soon and be a Resident Adviser for the Summer University Honors Program. Get $$$, Get paid! 
is finally satisfied with her blogskin  http://plurk.com/p/xeh7b
is finally starting to like the new song  I love the video and the song sounded way better than on Idol.
is finally up  Hello sky 
is finally up ah its nice to sleep in lol. lazy day today. gotta work on my project and acquaint myself with the books for work  {5 days}
is finally yawning...must be bed time 
is finding it extremely difficult to do assignments when Eagles are winning 
is finished with the subject tests and had a nice brunch with a good friend 
is finished work for the day.. went so slow! now cuddled up on the couch watching 'miss congeniality' 
is finishin up &amp; then headin 2 Cville for 12 mre hours. Very excited 4 the weekend!!  B&amp;W Festival Sat &amp; then who knows?? :0)
is finishing her final paper on tues. Going to shop for things and move on to the next phase of life 
is finishing up a PPT presentation for class, listening to Bach, windows open on a cool, breezy, sunny  Missouri afternoon. Life is good 
is finishing up studying and thinking about going to bed. @bwadykstra is coming to visit me in two weeks! SO EXCITED! 
Is finlly getting around to watching Obama's speech 
is fire burning on the dance floor tonight!!! 
Is fixing shit. 
is fixing up her itunes  
is flicking between f1 + footy. Cmon Nico Rosberg and Man City! Arsenal playin later yay  hope Bendtner starts!
is flying..i feel like i'm on the top of the world and nothing, even gravity, can pull me down.. 
is following @realsophiabush; wee 
is following his heart. 
is fond of the pics i found on my desktop, that's why decided to upload some of it 
is for some reason, content and happy 
is force-feeding The Office to her dad... watch me make him like it 
Is fortunate to have an amazing boyfriend, great mom and some fantastic friends. You know who you are so thanks  #fb
is free 4 a long weekend then back 2 planning but is free non the less! 
is free as a bird and will be moving to York in a week  xx
is freeeeee like an oiseau! no more exams! .. could be better if i dont have this stupid flu.. 
is freeeeee now, and superr happy 
is freezing my ass off. gonna go in my comfy warm blanket and read my book i just bought yesterday 
is frustrated that some people dont care about anything but themselves....Dog, I got your back......Shifty, I got your back as well. 
is fucking famous. Yas, the boygirl gave me a thumbs up 
Is fucking genius, ey? It gets totally ludicrous by series 5, but I still love it!  @CargoCulte  ♫ http://blip.fm/~7rclz
is full from a nice dinner 
is full up now, scrummy tea, and now curled up on the couch watching britains got talent 
is full. I'd tasted the best curry in the world. 
is fully capable of completing her grocery shopping with out help...a few more days and the inlaws will be gone 
is further figuring out what she wants. dream build! 
is gardening in the sunshine with griffo 
is gearing up for another week of running....preschool summer camp, gymnastics, play dates, going to the gym and oh so much more 
is gearing up for his Duet tommorrow evening! Dress rehearsal tonight!!   ;-) 
is gearing up for parents to come for the day. I'm making them lunch... which could be scary!  P.S. Allergies are not coolio!
Is geeking out with the best of them! 
is gettin down on Left 4 Dead.  http://raptr.com/rollinonvdubz
is gettin followed like a motherfuckn fad yallll 
is gettin ready fr d week!!!! 
is gettin ready to have a lovely bath mmm 
Is getting a grip on things and putting herself together. I love you 
is getting a hammock... &quot;for her dad&quot;.. for fathers day.. but she will get to use it too 
Is getting a Maccy D's double sausage mcmuffin (no egg) for breakfast. Damn you and your cheeseburger talk  
is getting a new computer... eventually 
is getting a new Macbook today    SO EXCITED!
is getting a new phone today !! 
is getting a shower and going to church. Not looking forward to school tomorrow. Only 5 weeks though! 
is getting back into hardcore music again 
is getting baptized tomorrow  and is a college graduate.  Busy weekend!
Is getting better at his job.If I do say so myself. 
is getting dressed for a scrumptious dinner with her awesome girls in the sunshine 
Is getting dropped off at work by my mom.  
Is getting drunk in cocagne! Yeaaa  missing my girls but its ok i &lt;julie.&gt;
is getting excited now for the apprentice finale! kate to win defo! 
is getting excited that I FINALLY get to see it.. (some people r good at making things happen &amp; it's v refreshing!!) 
is getting guitar rigs, PA's and Marshall Half-Stacks ready to go.  CJI rehearsal today 
Is getting her learning on  have a wonderful day everyone!
is getting her some pizza   tonight would be perfect if i had feeling in my hands
Is getting his beer on  Love the sun!
is getting hungry because she hasn't really eaten anything... Plus, is laughing @why_von because she's gettin worked like a slave... 
Is getting more and more excited about the new Harry Potter movie as the days go by!!  XxX
is getting more and more excited for going to Egypt! 
is getting more ink this evening.  Yay!  
Is getting my legs out...frightening!!!! 
is getting off work in ten mintues yay! 
Is getting paid to sit at home, how much better can it get 
is getting ready and going to the pub with all my little gays (L) 
Is getting ready and than going out with my boo and my crew (i rhyme!!!)  
is getting ready for 8.......miles that is!  Takin' it easy.
is getting ready for a day at the zoo w/ my person and hubby! 
is getting ready for a day outside.  I should go out and mow the lawn, and then golfing this afternoon.  
is getting ready for a shoot.  http://plurk.com/p/swxfm
Is getting ready for bed...night all 
is getting ready for church this morning.  
is getting ready for Julia &amp; Wes' wedding tomorrow. 
is getting ready for school, only a couple of days left of high school...  x 100 !
Is getting ready for the big Macedonia - Norway match..come on Norway 
Is getting ready for the day - CCKY LT meeting first, rehearsal for wedding song, attend wedding, CCKY, return to wedding if still awake! 
is getting ready for the final Performance of Footloose 
is getting ready for the trip round Europe (sounds so tacky) 
is getting ready for the trip to blr this weekend !! Looking forward to it 
Is Getting Ready For Tonight ;) Cant Wait! 
is getting ready to go have a CT scan done on his neck.  ya what fun... Ill post the pictures today 
is getting ready to go out  w000t!
is getting ready to go over to the apartment 
is getting ready to go play some slot machines and a few hands of blackjack 
is getting ready to go see carol  few errands to run at the PO then im off out! x
is getting ready to go to @HannahBanana7z house and swim with all her girlies 
Is getting ready to go to amy's house to do stuffs! 
Is getting ready to go to bed.... Good night..  #BSB
is getting ready to go to sleep......goodnight all!! 
is getting ready to go to the in-laws for the afternoon!  #fb
Is getting ready to go to the Zoo  Wish it was sunnier
is getting ready to have the dev team move from dev lane to test lane and then let the bug bath begin!  
is getting ready to meet my honey 
is getting ready to renew her passport.. 
is getting ready to start dads birthday cake.... and cleaning up, well trying to 
is getting ready to take Munchlet to the vet. Then doing absolutely nothing but relaxing!  Next two days off.
Is getting ready to watch Hotel for Dogs and later He is just not that into you. Trying out Red Box 
is getting ready!  Visiting both of David's Grandmas and going to JoeBox Grill today 
Is Getting Ready, Lunch, Then Maybe Taking The Girls For A Walk. My Sister Is Coming Up This Evening! 
is getting really interesting feed from a friend of mine from school, really interesting indeed... 
Is getting sick and tired of hearing my brother keep on aguring and aguring about himself, that all he ever thinks of himself! 
is getting sleepy. Excited for tomorrow 
is getting some shut eyee  text me
Is getting some Sonic  . .. YUMMY!!! 
Is getting the momentum of studying.. Goanna excel! It's a must!  going back to camo nw. 
is getting the new album from little boots wooooop and getting excited for the weekend 
is getting the sims 3 
is getting the sims 3 today!!  
Is getting to drink all her coffee this morning 
is getting to sing @ Southside Baptist tonight 
is getting used to the 4-days-work-3-days-off-rhythm. Feels right 
is giddy for no reason 
is giddy. still giddy    
is giving a presentation on Accessible Technology for Seniors at the Calgary Seniors Housing Forum! 
is giving twilight another shot! 
is giving twitter another chance 
is glad @sandranadine,@danaloux,@winterkasworm and @masonkesner are coming to bulldog revue tonight. 
Is glad Big Brother has started again! I Loveeeee it 
Is glad hes single....cuz a studmuffin just walked in and winked. 
is glad it is half term  SLEEP!
is glad it's cloudy and cooler here. Yay 
is glad it's raining. 
Is glad Lexie started following me on Twitter...thereby reminding me that I actually HAVE one! 
is glad my sons shots are over with. hope he feels better 
is glad school was moved to next week 
is glad she attended school today  http://plurk.com/p/111jvp
is glad she gave in to the sunshine.  #fb
Is glad she got changed 3 times this morning xD its lovely &amp; sunny 
is glad she has 8 weeks off skool, cairns here i cum 
is glad she has the most wonderful brother in the world...  if i had to choose favorites out of my 5 siblings, it's him.  
is glad she has you 
is glad she was awake to see the rain 
is glad soccer in cancelled tomorrow 
Is glad TDRB sorted the tickets!  Don't think Jane would have enjoyed going on her own 
is glad that http://www.plurk.com/flipt (Flip) is here in Plurk again  http://plurk.com/p/xeyta
is glad that KSloss found StumbleUpon interesting and hopes she will feel the same about his new blog. 
Is glad the Angels won their first game of the season. 
Is glad the cleaning is finally all done!!!  Time to celebrate! 
is glad the new Dr Who assisstant is a red-head. 
is glad things are all sorted 
Is glad to be back at work 
is glad to be home, cranking forever the sickest kids yeahhh boii 
Is glad to have made a new friend. Plus is now ditching someone to go to a party friday. Matt's going tobe 18 
is glad to have MBC america on DTV  http://plurk.com/p/11amau
is glad to have the time to help out a dear friend. 
is glad to know karma will always be a sweetie tp the betas because of all the good the put out into the world 
is glad tomorrow is my &quot;Friday&quot;...   STOKED about Friday!!!!!!    
is glad you got home safely.  you are a rockstar.
Is gna cut her hair short in 2 hours time  excited, no?
is goin 2 bed.. 
is goin 2 go b with a friend 2night 
is goin 2 meet up w/ my girl Sam in a couple of weeks after class &amp; go surfing, eat fish tacos &amp; drink cervezas....HMB here we come 
Is goin 2 notingham 2dai 2 c boyzne  Can't wait b amazin 
is gOin crazy over... TUNA PIE!! nyum nyum  craving for 1 ryt now.. 
Is goin fishin  this should be interesting.
is goin out  xxxx
is goin outta the house 
Is goin to church 
is goin to snetterton today yay 
is goin to take finals then after that only 1 more day til Summer  LVATT is the best album ever... I ♥ THE JONAS BROTHERS
is goin to the pool 
Is goin to watch new episode of the hills 
Is goin upto Vertigo Bar on top of The Banyon tree in Bangkok for cocktails.. 
is going 2 wushu 4 a demo.....cross ur fingers that i won't tip over, guys!! 
is going all the way 
Is going apt hunting with the boys with the added bonus of a Violet 
is going baby sitting his cousin.. which means i'm watching cartoons all morning! 
is going back to londonnnn 
is going back to Manila!  Gotta face problems. arrg. hate it.
is going camping @ Fall Creek Falls for the weekend! 
is going canoeing tomorrow!! WOOO HOOO 
is going crazy. get up and dance. 
is going down to the Parade!  Come see me get crowned Miss Gay Kingston   12 noon
is going draycote water today with her best friend 
Is going for a BBQ with lots of friends  love it
is going for a bit might listen to some tunes  cya twitters  thankyou followers &lt;3
is going for a chill! 
is going for a run  http://plurk.com/p/uco44
is going for a run, then hanging with Doug. 
is going for a run. Taking the dog with me. Should be fun. 
Is Going For A Shower   See Yuu Guys Tomorrow  Keep Voting For Me And Diana_music 
is going for DEO camp ! 
is going for going for golddd!! I'm gonna try and do 2000 words today wish me luck 
Is going for lunch with her sister ..  
is going for my first driving lesson soon! 
is going going out! 
is going home 
Is going home now. 
is going home to study for her final and do a little bit of blogging on the side. The retreat... yeah, that I have to write about.  ^__^
is going home tomorrow  http://tinyurl.com/r5rz9z
is going home!  http://plurk.com/p/xw3ga
is going home! Yippie! 
is going home..  http://plurk.com/p/xvesn
is going home... another day in paradise has ended... 
is going horse riding and then to Music Live 
is going into Plymouth today 
is going into the kitchen as the smoke alarm has gone off. Oh well looks like its KFC for sunday dinner. 
Is going into the studio this week!! 
is going Mersey Island on Tuesday woo 
is going now. lav. 
Is going now..catchya later 
is going off Shopping for a bit. 
is going off to church and will get a haircut afterwards. Tweeting off, for now. 
is going on a 7 mile walk in Downham! 
is going on a cruise on sunday! aaaaah gonna leave for LA in an hour or two! 
is going on a picnic 
is going on holiday tomorrow, woooooo! Hello a week of pure bliss. 
is going on my ipod now and turningnoff my laptop.. goodnighttt.  haha i wanna use up the 100 letters so hi my name is megan and thats all
is going out at 12 
is going out for a swim!  Who's with me!
is going out for breakfast with Zander  It's nice to have him to myself.
is going out for dinner for my parentals birthday 
is going out for dinner tonight 
is going out for lunch with my parents later!  http://plurk.com/p/xay7d
is going out in the sun with my bike  Ice cream &lt;3
is going out jogging !! 
is going out soonn!  \
is going out to enjoy the sunshine 
is going out to get a pedicure, and some lunch 
is going out with Donny&lt;33  (5.26.?.9)  
is going out with Katuty. some pampering to do~ 
is going outside 
is going over to his boyfriends to watch Homeward Bound 
is going photo hunting with Indra, find new places and probably having coffee later 
is going putt putt golf tonight 
is going running 
is going shopping tomorrow AND the next day. Sleep now though-goodnight! 
is going shopping, then home for the Tony's...love Neil Patrick Harris and Broadway is one of the best things about living in NY...night 
Is going swimming again 
is going swimming with her favorite people 
is going tanning hopfully get a lil more darker...  love yas, c ya xoxo
is going to  church with janett 
is going to a barbecue / birthday party 
is going to a birthday..  http://plurk.com/p/vgp6b
is going to a cookout tonight with some family and friends 
is going to a masquerade ball in june  yay
is going to a park to swing her troubles away! 
Is going to a wedding on june 6th at the plaza. Hahaha. Bride wars anyone? 
is going to a wedding! 
is going to alton towers tomorrow and cannot wait! 
is going to altoona with my lovey to see my sexual!!  miss u bitches!
is going to an empty tonight, do not expect to see me for another few days. 
Is going to asda for breakfast with jess 
is going to attempt to get at least 1/2 way through Mike's new painting today.  
is going to attend 6pm service.  is reading a john maxwell leadership book. 8-) http://plurk.com/p/rhxod
is going to attend the phil.fashion show at mall of asia. 
is going to avoid facebook and make do with twitter instead...hello, twitter! you'll be seeing more of me now from now on! 
Is Going to Baseball soon  Yippersss
is going to bathe then prepare.  http://plurk.com/p/vhbdz
is going to battle my hubby at a game of Carcassonne, and then we are off to Church and out to lunch this afternoon 
Is going to be a Great Aunt again tonight! Super Wy is going to be a Big Brother !  Payton, Lyla Mae, and Aiven are fixen to get a cuzn
Is going to be an uncle again! Woot woot! Damn my brother is never going to get any sleep again! 
Is going to be Ashton Latner! 
is going to be busy and have 15 practice this afternoon so Just txt 
is going to be in Cincinnati all day Sunday...visitin' with an old friend/brother from Korea, then a date with someone special 
is going to be kidnapped 
is going to be late for school haha. apex today 
is going to be sophisticated today. Detroit Institute of Art 
Is going to be tweeting a whole load more... iPhone 
is GOING TO BED ALREADY!  GUDNYTERS!
is going to bed early only to prepare for the fun that will happen tomorrow. Or that's what I tell myself, because i'm lame. 
is going to bed early so I'll have energy to party with the girls Wednesday night! 
is going to bed pretty early....Drake and I had a busy day along with yesterday, &amp; tomorrow is going to be just as hectic. nite nite 
is going to bed soon y'all 
Is going to bed! 
is going to bed! Updated Hypnoticasia, and didnt do my HW today... lol.. its okay, not due yet 
is going to bed, ha finally at 4 am!! ready for a greatttt tuesday!?! 
is going to bed, leave me stuff 
is going to bed, TFT concert tomorrow! 
is going to bed, work tomorrow afternoon, should be fun! 
is going to bed.  night.
is going to bed. Long day today! love ya camilo  shall be up in 7 hours! (shhh... Zaxk is cute)
Is going to bed.. sleep tight folks.. the doughnuts kicked in early 
is going to bed...this week is going to be crazy busy...must rest up one more day tomorrow...    Night all.
Is going to Bestival with out the mini me (much drunkness)  and Camp Bestival with the mini me, a more sober affair!!!! Happy Days!!! 
is going to BJ's...feels a bit poorly but ready to enjoy the great company. 
is going to Bob Dylan concert tonight 
is going to buy some foood for 2moro... long journey to the good old WEMBLEY!... up the Town(8).. not like 2 years ago... dam that day!  x
is going to buy the yoshitaka amano artbook for FF 
is going to Canada's Wonderland today. 
is going to catch some rays at the beach in a few hours. 
is going to catch some shut eye  Good Night!! Love you Mom!!!
Is going to celebrate a happy 15 month anniversary with Ashley today!!!  
is going to church today for the first time in forever... yay I get to see rosie 
is going to church with aryn. 
is going to collapse in bed with Peter, the tv remote and a block of chocolate after cooking an awesome meal for the family!  Mmm, salad!
is going to day two of the grant roberts show. 
is going to dinner and a movie with her favorite man. 
is going to disappear...why? Playing The Sims 3... a lot 
is going to do some work in the sun 
is going to do some work out in the sun 
is going to drive to Brighton today 
is going to dumaguete on june 12 or 13 
is going to eat cereal, reces pieces, hm ive never tried it before 
is going to enjoy breakfast outside at the beautiful countryside of Kustavi 
is going to enjoy some Star Trek  *nerd*
Is going to enjoy some wine with great friends at the house 
is going to enjoy the beautiful weather today and maybe just maybe get a nice tan 
is going to enjoy the lovely weather today  
is going to enjoy the sunshine on my break 
Is going to fall asleep whilst watching Friends 
is going to finally get his diploma today. And, report card. 
is going to finish his last assignment. THEN GO TO BED. 
is going to fix some ice cream, yummm... 
is going to get all the new Star Trek collectables. 
is going to get an early night 'cos i'm ill, SO tired, got an exam tomorrow and have the worst headache ever. byeee  x
is going to get converse with my amazing black friend , Tenesha 
Is going to get drunk in the lovely sunshine 
Is going to get herhaircut soon - going to get a fringe methinks 
is going to get ready for drama workshop! weather is to nice to stay in 
Is Going To Get Ready For The BBQ And Get Smashed  (D)
is going to get ready to go to costa with jemma 
is going to get some lunch...be brave now it's only rain 
is going to get some photography work done. work experience at cool fm on wednesday and thursday was amazing 
is going to go and microwave her balls now   (Quorn &quot;Swedish style&quot; balls in homemade tomato sauce, from last night) #leftoversforlunch
is going to go babysit and watch twilight whilst babysitting @amyyjaynee we should  see a doctor for this OCD  I MISS YOU! its been hours!
is going to go bike riding in forest park 
is going to go get ready, going to see drag me to hell tonight 
is going to go nighty night good night my twitter' friends ... 
is going to go shower now..  ....
is going to go to MTA tomorrow with @raisa79 syifa melissa dinda 
is going to go to sleep fuzzy. 
Is going to have a ball tommorow at the will farrell charity tennis match with Ingrid 
is going to have a FABULOUS weekend.  So excited 
is going to have a good day ahead of her 
is going to have a good day regardless 
Is going to have a GREAT night! 
is going to have a nephew! AWW! 
is going to have a nice relaxing day, tidy her room, bake some cakes, and have a nice shower  Woo!
is going to have a productive morning  !
is going to have a walk to work, then off to do some dancing around to Michael Jackson without a ridiculous hangover for once 
is going to have pancakes yay 
is going to have some tea , wash my hair and watch the apprentice baby  I have midgies bites off last night where me and my .
is going to head out to the shops and is determined to find herself a pair of cowboy boots 
is going to hear mass  http://plurk.com/p/xdk7l
is going to her grandma for lunch and visiting some other family on the way there 
is going to her last full day of school. life is good. 
is going to his exam in an hour then back to watch some E3 
Is going to his nephew's graduation party then hustling back to the city to catch the 2nd half of the roots picnic 
is going to home depot. why? because he's trying to reach into his masculine side. that is manly right? haha. call me, ill be bored 
is going to iHOP 
is going to JAPANNNNNNN 
is going to Kings Island 
is going to learn about the blast furnace, and slag! yay. 
Is going to live my life by choosing to be happy. Useless to let others get me down. 
is going to look at guitars tomorrow... woo for having money and working 2 public holidays in the next week 
Is going to look for a powder blue beach cruiser today! 
is going to look-and-try a used Mitsubishi Carisma today 
Is going to make a cake  Xx
is going to make a nice cuppa 
is going to make some empanadas tonight 
is going to make some spaghetti and sausages  oooooo its been too long!
is going to make the yummiest dinner tonight 
is going to Morongo baby imma rape the 3 card poker tables tonight 
is going to New York on Wednesday... yeaaaaaaeeeeiiiih 
is going to no doubt tonight. 
is going to Olivia's dance recital, Courtneys grad party, and then to the movies  txt meee
is going to Omakase on hmmm friday! 
Is going to Origin I &amp; III oh yeah  thankyou Mr Rudd. Flights accom tickets. Can't wait!!
is going to our local festival today. I'm ready to get a funnel cake, and a giant lemonade too  I hope the weather cooperates today 
is going to oxford to see my family  x
is going to pack today 
is going to Phoenix park to get some tan 
is going to pick the brat up from school! Might buy him some ice creammmmm 
is going to picnic tomorrow! 
Is going to play Mii tennis &amp; not the new game 
is going to play tennis with the boys for a bit before they go to bed.  Then, I'll enjoy another glass of wine.  
is going to play Zelda  yay!
is going to prattens like normall for a drink with the band 
is going to prom in a couple of hours. so freaking excited 
is going to put her jim jams on and watch films all dayy  PLAN!
Is going to put on a peeling off face masque for clean skin  haha wewt wewt
is going to read some e-mail, and then do some studying 
is going to read the twilight series again for the 674,897th time 
is going to relax and chill out tonight ... back to work tomorrow after a week off ... least I had a fun time with the girlfriend ... 
is going to Rem Koolhaas next week, for a interview and meet and greet 
is going to revise for a bit then to bed  x http://plurk.com/p/xpvbw
is going to Richmond for training for the new job 
is going to ride her bike and then watch &quot;UP&quot; tonight. happy happy 
is going to school soon.  only like 15 days left 
is going to school to study Chinese 
is going to school!  means that internet is limited.  http://plurk.com/p/112si9
is going to school. Then is going to go to Williamsville or @shineslikegold is coming here to give me prom $$.  Yayyy.
is going to schooll, how fun 
is going to sea world! 
is going to see @selenagomez with the best cousin in the world 
IS GOING TO SEE 500 DAYS OF SUMMER!!!! Go Zooey D!!!! 
is going to see A Day To Remember twice this year 
is going to see a random musical with his favorite people today 
Is going to see Angels and Demons on Friday 
is going to see how this twitter works 
is going to see kellie pickler in 13 days 
is going to see Lady Liberty today 
is going to see Mcfly tonight with Gabriella... again... u'd think we would have gotten bored by now 
is going to see Muse in November. not got tickets, but i am going, no matter what it takes... 
is going to see Neil, Rhian &amp; Harry now  I'm walking in the rain!
is going to see Observe and Report in an hour~ fuck yeah going to be great  P.S I miss my baby bear~
is going to see Star Trek 
is going to see star trek tonight for my birthday 
Is going to see The Hangover this weekend 
is going to see the Hannah Montana movie!!...lol...what a dork huh?! 
is going to see UP for the 2nd time in 3D today  haha
is going to seee johanna 
is going to silverstone for the mini turns 50 event 
is going to sims 3 and won't be online  http://plurk.com/p/y2uzk
is going to singapore in one day time! 
is going to sit in the sun out side T block with the girls and REVISE.. grrr only 2 days til theyr ova tho! 
is going to sit outside in the sunshine with a guitar, should be nice, just to strum away...  Can't wait....
is going to sleep  ct 2maro 4 the day &lt;3
is going to sleep and give more updates tomorrow 
is going to sleep finally 
is going to sleep loving you with all my heart  nighty night!
is going to sleep now  Oh oh oh! Tomorrow, 3.0
is going to sleep now  Played Sims 3 from 2pm to 3pm. Sims 3's really addictive. http://plurk.com/p/yxxj8
is going to sleep now , whatta daay . Good night . 
is going to sleep under the sun soon! 
Is going to sleep. Good night everyone!! 
Is going to sleep. No plans tomorrow. Get at me if you wanna hang out 
is going to Sonic in Ohio today 
is going to south padre island today 
is going to spend the day with her daddy 
is going to strangle james 
is going to sunbathe while i wait for these pictures to print 
is going to sunbatheeee 
is going to take a bath 
is going to take a morning bath with watching TV 
is going to take a shower now! Brb.  http://plurk.com/p/wxeha
is going to take a trip to the land of nod 
is going to take his driver's instruction permit some time next week. its about time i am getting my driver's license 
Is going to tepan haiku for sushi 
is going to the beach 
is going to the beach all day.  So cloudy I wont even have to put sunscreen on 
Is going to the beach today with Alexa 
is going to the beach tomorrow. 
is going to the beach with my boo! 
is going to the beeeeeeach!! First time (in forever) this summer 
is going to the Britain's Got Talent Live Tour! 
is going to the Capital Fm Summer Ball today!! Can't wait!  xxx
Is going to the caravan today  x
is going to the Chadstone VIP evening  So excited!
is going to the exhibition with the craig today 
is going to the gym; shopping; to a swimming party; then out with a couple friends!  a day left!!!
is going to the mall with janelly  brothers graduation todayy! texting Danelle Rein 
Is going to the movies with my wife. A date night. 
is going to the movies. Screw homework 
is going to the parents house for dinner 
is going to the pool today  Then Lindsay's wedding &amp; reception tonight! This is gonna be an awesome day! Thank you Lord!
is going to the United States next summer! 
is going to the ZDF tomorrow and Monday it's Musicaltime 
is going to town and costco tomorrow. fun! 
is going to town with anna.. good weather  wanna barbeque!
is going to tpc today to watch tiger play...and hang out w golfers 
Is going to try and enjoy this beautiful weather that we are having in Chicago it FINALLY stopped raining YAY 
is going to tucson tomorrow!! 
IS GOING TO TURN 15 IN 8 DAYS. ahhhhhhhhhhh! - psyched. 
is going to turn it in for the night. IDK what tomorrow holds. First day of work for RD this summer!! 
Is going to use her Dymo label printer for the first time this morning! 
is going to ust!  http://plurk.com/p/xqa4t
is going to visit her best friend. lets have some fun after learning like 300 pages.  go.
is going to walk amber afterhis show. 
is going to watch a movie and sleep  and watch a pretty baby tomorrow morning  http://plurk.com/p/119u50
is going to watch Angels &amp; Demons... ok i know i'm a little behind but... (quoted from Bey 
is going to watch Angels and Demons despite the many objections.  http://plurk.com/p/xb7s4
is going to watch Race To Dakar on DVD, Becca lent it to me, what a ledge! Cheers Becca 
is going to watch season 1 of gossip girl yay 
is going to watch some TV. 
is going to watch the &quot;Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience&quot; with couzy! 
is going to watch the alan carr dvd good times 
is going to watch the rest of series 4 and hopefully start on 5 of Two and a Half Men tonight 
is going to watch the two davids. yey 
is going to watch 'the wedding'.............Now.  haha. brb  
is going to watch twilight. and is in love with esmee denters song outta here (L) &amp; is always there for carmen! 
is going to wem tomorrow. 
is going to Wesley Theological Seminary, then the Holocaust Museum - YAY FOR D.C.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to weston today  lovely and sunnny!
is going to wet tonight  http://plurk.com/p/vfqpd
is going to work. working on having a better attitude.  
is going to York for a couple of days 
is going to youth 
is going today to the gay parade!  We're here, we're fierce, get over it. xD http://plurk.com/p/z3vdv
Is going wherever Andre takes him. 
Is gona see the darling 2mro! Yay 
is gone fishing with Adam, Steven, JB, Dustin, Amanda, Tay, &amp; Marlee! Then spendin some time with my boyfriend...gosh, I like saying that 
is gonna accompany dad to bedok soon 
is gonna be lookin' cute tomorrow 
is gonna be productive today! I'm feeling inspired 
is gonna celebrate mum's brthday at swensens later. yum! 
is gonna crack on with her assignemtn today 
is gonna end this summer session w/ a BANG! 
is gonna finish getting ready then going to johelles then into cardiff to get jobros album  
is gonna get a good lunch  maybe shushi  yummyyyy 
Is gonna get a kit kat, but shouldn't 
is gonna get ready to go to Barnes and Noble, get lunch later, and then hop over to elisas 
Is gonna go &amp; slp now. Nites world.  - http://tweet.sg
is gonna go and chill out for abit  xx
is gonna go for a run now... missed my alarm for parkrun this am, so going for a longer one by the Thames 
Is gonna go round her friends house! 
is gonna go so i can leg it to laurens carr when she comes  see yaa! have a great saturday xxxx
is gonna go to bed, hopefully swimming tomorrow afternoon, then later job hunting with the bro-in-law  sweet!!
is gonna go watch MTV Music awards 
Is gonna go work out at the Y then go to the Encounter service tonight  I'm excited
is gonna hav a productive day for a change 
is gonna have a good night with her friends @ Genuine 
Is gonna have the best day tomorrow because he has PE and art and Careers fair and listening to and Author telling a story. COOL! 
Is gonna have their first band rehearsal with Rob today since he has been away for months.  Any mistakes Rob, well, you're dead mate 
is gonna jump in the shower, freshen up and be out... 
is gonna lay out and enjoy the sun today 
is gonna make cookies and cupcakes later! 
is gonna make some mac and fucking cheese 
is gonna miss RMC so much!!!!! love you guys 
is gonna mozey off into Caerdydd with Daniel, probably taking in the delights that is Roath Park 
is gonna PLAY tonight  http://plurk.com/p/vgd8z
is gonna play with her twitter account a little bit after she gets home... 
Is gonna release the music vids from the EP for old times sake. 
is gonna see my cousin at some point this week! yay 
is gonna sit in bed ALL day and watch rugby with the 'Project Runway' thrown in for good measure. Happy Days 
is gonna sleep already! gudnyt tweople!!! 
is gonna stay in tonight with some movies and some Gambino's 
Is gonna trade his truck 2 his dad for his dads Ford F250 Crew Cab Diesel!!!!! 
is gonna treat her 7-year old cousin Nicko an ice cream sundae for doing well in reading 
is gonna try and catch a tan today  dododolifesgood - cher hope you enjoy your walk babes x
is gonna try to go back to sleep and try this &quot;morning&quot; thing later ... like this afternoon 
Is gonna try to go to sleep now! Again! Looking forward to the a.m! Tweet tweet!  zZZZzzzz
is gonna watch my little cherubs..online thanks to @KristinaaG 
is gonna watch some Mork and Mindy with some soup and some chips. 
Is Good @Kassiah 'k girl, I have something to tell you  have a good night: @Kassiah 'k girl, I have som.. http://tinyurl.com/rclt9q
is good afternoon ~  http://plurk.com/p/1117gr
is graduated!! and is STOKED for summer 09 
is graduating tomorrow! 
is graduating tomorrow. crazy. I love my dress for it 
is graduating university in 3 hours with my first degreee in politics  my second one will be in teaching!
is grateful and happy. 
is grocery shopping alone  #fb
is gunna go watch the hangover today!! 
is gunna have another exellent day in the sun today with my lovlelyy girls 
Is gunna tweet like no ones looking and shout like no one can hear oooh yeeesaaaahhh 
is haaappy with the election results 
Is hangin down on lake wa in madison park w/the girls.  
is hangin out in mahasarakham thailand! 
Is hangin out with vikki  [[F.T.F.]]
is hanging  with the Family for a change. 
is hanging in there.  
is hanging out at Alex's. Loving life pretty much right now. 
is hanging out in bakersfield and LA today. 
is hanging out w. sam + ben+ abby   &lt;3 boreed . ~ showing them whatt twitter is &lt;3 just wanna sayy heyy to sel .!
is hanging out wif u 
is hanging out with brittney today 
is hanging out with her best friend, what a good day 
is hanging out with her loser friend lewis  //  what a lovelyy dayy &lt;33
Is hanging out with Nicole again tonight! STOKED! starting to really like this one 
is hanging out with the roomies. I adore the 4 gentlemen I live with. Great people and a good talk when discussing boy issues!! 
Is hanging over from a very long night boozing LOL 
is hanging with her favorite girliesss  [[call/texxt]]♥
is hanging with my nephew zachie 
is hangingout with my friend Gabrielle. 
Is haning out with my bestest friend!! 
is happily anticipating Memorial Day weekend and the start of &quot;summer&quot;.  
is happily with new group of friends at Kaplan  - http://tweet.sg
is happy 2 be home but won't be her for long 
is happy about his new running shoes! 
is happy because his yeast is happy, and if his yeast is happy then they're making beer! 
IS HAPPY BECAUSE: got a 85% on my law final when I didn't study &amp; i'm done school!  It just blows how I have to work 5 days straight =(
is happy for a great weekend! 
is happy for the Class of '09. '07 is STILL better 
is happy for the quiet 
is happy got to see Sophie and Emily today and got some new makeup 
is happy her bosses boss feels the need to write to him to complement me and my authentic presenting skills 
is happy I put christian to bed talking about us living in disneyland 
Is happy it's monday, n can wait till we face orlando b/c they're goin down wed nite 
Is happy its sunny again! 
is happy mothers day! 
is happy recent gains in the market have replaced my original investment... Profit is still gone but at least it isn't negative equity 
Is happy she doesn't have a hangover 
is happy she has a new niece 
is happy shes on the fone with scotty,not the same as seeing him in person !!!! 
is happy that everyone is happy around him  everyone is dating someone! Cept me of course!  going to bed.
is happy that her local electric company is Central Lincoln Public Utility District. 
is happy that IgniteNYC last night was much better than previous efforts 
is happy that it is monday 
is happy that marleysheep isnt mad at her! now i can sleep peacfully.....with the aid of drugs of course....  
is happy that my first attempt at making risotto was successful 
Is happy that she has great friends. 
is happy that tawny is happy she has twitter 
Is happy that the sun is shining again 
is happy the hawks got up 
is happy the sun's out here in Stoke-on-trent. Aaaah blue skies, very pleased 
is happy the week is off to a great start! 
is happy to be at the library with fast internet.  
is happy to be home  http://plurk.com/p/y4u14
is happy to be home! 
is happy to be home. Maybe go Karts today in Burlingame? I rode motorcycles 6 out of 7 days last week! 
Is happy to have got in contact with some old friends via facebook 
is happy to have the water back! 
is happy to have two days off in a row. Hells yeah. 
is happy to see the sun shining 
is happy tonight. God is sooo good. 
is happy tonight... 
is happy wid da internet speed again... !!! its damn gud now... 
Is happy with her piece of art 
is happy with life at the moment, hope it stays that way. 
is happy with my GHWT band set.... just love the drums! 
is happy with the sunny day and his 3 photography classes that went very well today. Sunday was indeed a &quot;sun&quot;day today. w00t! 
is happy! spend a lovely sunday with the mister...and caught Angels &amp; Demons, awesome show 
is happy, my car is getting washed. 
is happy, which is good. planning on walking to school and listening to the fray. funtimes 
is happy... soon the party begins 
is happy: Done with his paper on int. &amp; eu law and the compliance mechanism of the Kyoto Protocol 
is happy: His free 3G Mobile Broadband modem just arrived. Now I can work anywhere 
is hard at work on her doggie website! I love dogs  http://plurk.com/p/xatx4
is havin a little chill and grill 
is havin' a pretty excellent time hangin' out with Jess and Sammy at the apt.  ...even though Jess has fallen asleep.  
is having a BBQ 
is having a BBQ and a sun burn  great!
is having a BBQ with the familyyy  &lt;3 xx
is having a bbq, let the good times roll 
is having a blast meeting friends and family 
is having a blastttttt with Amber and Mel...PF Changs, shopping, frozen yogurt, and movies. YESSSSSSSS. 
is having a boy! Oh Boy!!! 
Is having a celebration inside her head. 
Is Having A Chilled Out Day Today 
is having a cup of coffee and a piece of apple squares on this rainy evening.  http://plurk.com/p/xdjsj
is having a cup of hot coffee.. hmm yummyyy 
is having a cuppa and chilling... i lovebank holiday mondays 
is having a delicious cookie dough milkshake! Excited for Allison's performance on Tuesday 
is having a fabulous girls day. 
is having a Good day 
is having a good day! birthday girrrl 
is having a good day. 
is having a good night w/ friends... 
is having a good night! 
is having a good time 
Is having a good time because of the rain 
is having a great day so far!  
is having a great holiday 
is having a great Mothers Day! 
is having a great time in San Diego.  Thank you Jen 
is having a great time with Simon, Christina &amp; Mikkel BBQ'ing 
Is having a great week 
Is having a great weekend with Yvonne. Happy Anniversary!!! 12 blessed years and counting 
is having a ham roast on saturday night after lots of travel!!  yay for easter and being the only child for the weekend 
is having a happy birthday 
Is having a happy happy day 
is having a headache. I'm not sure why...maybe i need to eat now.  http://plurk.com/p/uizxb
is having a heroes marathon, starting from episode 11, where i left off a few weeks ago 
is having a jam session in her room and then seeing star trek...again 
is having a josh hartnett, fucked up movie marathon. 
is having a lazy Sunday 
Is having a little tea break with stace and coetzie 
is having a long needed nap! 
Is having a lunch break 
is having a midnight cleaning session 
is having a mini spa party with jalibean  http://plurk.com/p/x8doh
is having a moment of appreciating life and creation 
is having a movie night with noelle 
is having a movie party 
is having a nice night 
is having a party at her house? ahaha i'll just go with the flow. 
is having a photoshoot tomorrow in San Diego!!! More pics comin up peps!!!! 
is having a quite night in with David and Maddy 
Is having a relax while the babies sleep, then its all go 
is having a relaxing sunday arvo 
is having a sun shiny day in londontown 
is having a tough time getting all this uni work, she rather run away to new york and become a famous photographer right now. 
is having a twilight night  reading new moon till i can't stay up any longer 
is having a twitter of a time 
is having a very lazy Sunday 
is having a wonderful afternoon with @RamiSaidi !!  we cleaned, cooked, and sun tanned!!  waiting for the ismerilians to get back!!
Is having a yard sale tomorrow 
Is having an awesome bonfire. 
is having an awesome time in ikea with S &amp; M. 
is having an AWESOME week  Of course every week is pretty good. Anyways...Had basketball camp yesterday. I'm sooo sore, but it waz fun!
is having an awesome weekend so far 
is having an early night with the help of a little Sleep Aid and Edward from Twilight! Goodnight!!! zzZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzz 
is having breakfast - starting the day with his girlfriend! 
Is having breakfast with Matthew, playing with my new phone, and about to head to the ta darts. 
is having breakfast, then going to get ready to go to work 
is having breakfast: oatmeal sprinkled w/cinnamon, nutmeg, &amp; a few drops of maple syrup w/apple wedges on the side, &amp; spring water. YUMMY 
is having convos with friends. 
Is having crepes this morning mmm 
Is having diner with the girls 
is having dinner and gelato with her nephew 
is having dinner with kat this evening,  can't wait.
is having durian gelato after lunch. Great! 
is having fruits for breakfast. *healthy living* woot! 
is having fun buying things for when I move out 
is having fun in Hong Kong!  no more twitter for 3 months
is having fun on my sista's awesome computer 
is having fun with lauren and sherae 
is having fun with rach 
is having fun, with her family happy greek easter 
is having goosebumps while watching Love's wedding video. Nakakaiyak! 
is having major headache. Sleeping early today so that I'll be able to wake up for cheer practice, can't wait. Eric is coming tomorrow 
is having my prom dress re-dun so it can fit me perfectly! 
is having one of those mornings where you have to think REAL hard to figure out which day of the week it is   MORNING!  #fb
is having pain du chocolat, chocolate soy milk and pea pods for a late dinner.  Yummmm.  
is having Photoshop sessions with Minsky  sharing of techniques!!! http://plurk.com/p/ukf85
is having quite an hang over... soup and some rest will put me back on track  sunday laziness (*) rules.
is having sweet talks with his lovelove!!!  http://plurk.com/p/11cdvk
is having tons of fun with Caleb, Mandy and her Hubby 
is having trouble sleeping, sigh. Great day with Twainers though  can't wait to do it again in July!
Is having yet another disasterous day work wise, but is really looking forward to the apprentice final tonight!! 
is headed for Senior Year. FINALLY. 
is headed home from church and had a good time. 
is headed out soon! Had AMAZING Barking Crab dinner yesterday  http://plurk.com/p/xne79
Is headed to bed  night night
Is headed to bed! Lasagna for dinner tonight! Woohoo! 
is headed to Savannahs! Text to join us 
is headed to sunny San Diego today for work 
is headed to the bedroom to watch TV and chill with the hubby for the night. God bless and rest easy, folks. 
is headed to the mall - gotta find a dress for this afternoon...chat with ya'll when I get back to my desk.....Toodles 4 now 
is headin to bw sqaured and then to see Up! 
is headin' to la la land....night everyone 
is heading back a la casa. 
is heading for the beach 
Is heading home after a good night. 
is heading home fro the bar. Had fun out! 
is heading home in &lt;24hours and is looking forward to seeing his friends again 
is heading off t face her day ... Prayers please for courage, strength and a knowledge of who I am to stay with me throughout the day 
Is heading off to the paper route. starting a diet today and try to do it all year and see how much i loose. 
is heading out for a little bday party! 
is heading out to climb and boulder again! 
is heading out to dinner with Emm 
is heading out to the aquarium today, in lovely new flat, grippy, comfy, stretchy (men's!) shoes 
is heading out to the Santa Monica pier.  Need to breathe in some fresh air, or as mom say's &quot;maqoor oht&quot;.  Prescription for good health 
is heading to bed after a night of karaoke &amp; hot NHL players.  i could get used of this type of friday
is heading to bed, so i can be well rested for the Good Times to come Tmr Night! 
is heading to Brighton tomorrow, on a classic bus. 
is heading to classes 
is heading to Sea World for day two with the MT09 crew. Get excited! 
is heading to temple bar for dinner with tessa, nigel and bem 
is heading to the casa... I think I want tacos tonight. Baby girl will be so happy. Taco night is her favorite night 
is heading to the first downtown farmer's market of the season. 
is heading to work, what a beautiful day! note to clients, please don't fuck this day up for me 
is heating up some dougnuts and eating them 
Is hella excited cuz the Italian is here 
is hello social life 
is helping at the soup kitchen tomorrow 
Is her birthday party 
is here with her bear. Watchin TV 
is here!   Starting a blog (FINALLY!) (woot) http://plurk.com/p/yq2v2
is hereeeee.and is on youtube.anyone wanna chat? 
is high on mephenamic acid! ponstan sf to be specific 
is hittin' the ole dusty trail w/ Miss Morgan.  
is hittin' the road w/Teri today 
is hitting the sack. Lakers win! Championship series here we come!! 
is hitting up michaels, hobby lobby, the beach, carters and then to town center..  busy, busy day with ally..! 
is holding my own personal copy of DFTBA vol. 1 
is home  excited that gemma is getting her breaking dawn MWAHAHAH (evil laugh)...is angry with hopeless assholes ...
is home  http://plurk.com/p/ys58u
is home &amp; packing for cheer camp tomorrow. texttttt meee. 
Is home *.* Finally  Is going to update my websites (:
is home a little earlier than wanted from a good night 
is home after a long weekend. Got to ride in the snow in Palmy today 
is home after a lovely day!  and just had a steak dinner cooked by her wonderful mum 
is home after a nice night 
is home after a night on the wash in the green evo 
is home again, after a week away 
is home alone  - The family is in Legoland!
is home and clean...i love festivals 
is home and exhausted. on the bright side--&gt;overtime next week 
is home and having a BBQ 
is home and having dinner yummy fish fingers 
Is home and is enjoying a smoothie. 
Is home and sun kissed 
is home at last. good night 
is home finally after the most random ass night ever. wowwwwwwwww. 
is home finally! what a GREAT nite! sugarland &amp; kenny are AWESOME! thanks for the guitar pick kenny 
is home for a week until I am introduced to the glory that is summer at ucsb 
is home from a good evening with fella and best mate getting her set up with my fellas flatmate lol! Seemed to fo gone well 
is home from a long day at work 
Is home from a nice late afternoon ride on the Harley ...  
is home from an awesome ball hockey game! 
is home from camping with some amazing people  hopefully getting some organization done today 
is home from house-hunting with mom...  http://plurk.com/p/xlwaf
is home from James' and has some lovely pictures of the puppy she wants  x
is home from New York and ready to finish Shades of Blue 
is home from school early 
is home from work and hanging out with Vuong   It's a good night!
is home from work. it was lovely 
is home in 29 days. 
is home now  Wedding went well, guests rather complimentary of the preview I showed them too. Bonus 
is home now! Had fun at church tonight too 
is home now, and stuck here all night cleaning! D: fucking ohio july 4th dude.  but i get to see my bessfran! GAH FML.
is home relaxing 
Is home somehow  night &lt;3
is home stumbling online and going through sheet music 
is home sweet home and got an 81% on her bio exam .. i love uni 
is HOME thank Gawd!!! 
is home watching sailor moon  yayyy thanks baby for the beautiful blankie! xxx
is home with the munchkins doing laundry and trying to catch up on a little rest...had a fun time seeing my parents and sister yesterday 
is home working on homework. Then he is going to bed. He is tired out from school and work. He hopes everyone is having a good life. 
Is home! 
is home!  http://plurk.com/p/11bxku
is HOME! Goin to bed. Praise the Lord! 
Is home! Hurrah to be back in London 
is home, playing the wii with SELA and eating BOBS at 1:00 in the morning 
is home,gonna catch up on eastenders and BGT  x x
is home.  http://plurk.com/p/xu5ts
is home.. bit of homework to do.. watching the Pirates/Pens today 
is Hong Kong-ing next month: what are the must-see places places there?? 
is honing his skills by taking in the latest and greatest of CSS  &lt;any fellow geeks follow - give a whoop whoop!&gt;
is hooooooooooooooome with Stine  xx
Is hopefully getting his permit today. 
Is hopin to find a gem of a wardrobe in the second hand showroom n glam it up with a gulded mirror 
is hopin to see her bubbaaaa 
is hoping federer wins the french open  and becomes one of the greatest tennis players of all time!!
is hoping for a good weekend and some perspective. 
is hoping for a Red Wing victory today!!! Go Wings! 
is hoping for the best.. 
is hoping he gets another phone activated 
is hoping her dad is having a good weekend! See you tomorrow sometime! 
is hoping she is @p00ky the right Pooky 
Is hoping the sun will break through this week 
is hoping to finally get some answers today. 
is hoping to go to six flags with aroosa this week 
is hoping to see you at the NFI open house party tomorrow!! http://thenfi.com/openhouse.php  Please come out and say hi!! &lt;3 It'll be fun!
is hoping..praying..  http://plurk.com/p/xowm3
Is hot and tired and just wants to go home and sunbathe 
Is house sitting in papakura and enjoying civilization for a change! 
is humming &quot;Hey Stephen&quot;-Taylor Swift 
Is hungover, picking up hungover Nacho, it's tor time 
is hungry! Nothing in, nothing cooked - what to have??? And Jamie's lamb shank recipe has my mouth watering 
is hungry, can't wait to eat my Spaghetti haha 
is hungry... [suggestions are accepted!!!]  http://plurk.com/p/xu4tp
is hw and rest all day because tomorrow will be epiccc 
is i am almost done my photography assignment...if you wish to see pics check my facebook out! &amp; only 14more daysss 
is ICT  lol
is IM'ing with Mrs. Bomar the librarian... she visits my blog  haha!
is in a awesome mood 
is in a chill mood. 
is in a computer shop here in Cavite..  http://plurk.com/p/11a66a
is in a fabulous mood on this Tuesday morning!  
Is In A Good Mood 
is in a good mood. 
is in a House music mood  ... -&gt; There are only 18 days left :O
is in a meeting regarding GSM postpaid launch 
is in a mood for a lot of Mae and Copeland today. 
Is in a much better mood since being training,  climbing out of bed for breakfast shall plan my day from there. xo Your plans?
Is in a really good mood because sam will be in town tomorrow 
is in a really superb mood 
is in Adelaide about to eat a yummy breaky 
is in alliterative agony. 
Is in Athens 
is in atlantic city till monday 
is in attendance at a soiree on an estate in Gtown 
is in awe of his beautiful girlfriend, if we could all have that capacity 
is in awe that there is 8 weeks to go ... give or take 
is in barcelona in can serrat  it is realy warm YAY
Is in bed now  night all x x
Is in bed on her touch and can hear loud as music playing outside of her house. Can't sleeep! Entertain me 
is in bed on the ol' dog and bone 
is in bed rockin out 2 his iHome  sleep soon lol &lt;3
is in bed staring at the clock! I need the sleep! Why can't i fall asleep? It's frustrating. . . Goodnight everyone! 
is in bed waiting on Homeboy to get home so i can call and talk to him till mornin light 
is in bed, still nauseated but looking forward to tomorrow 
is in Blessed Diana of Saxony.  http://plurk.com/p/xd7nn
is in Cardiff by the Sea...one client left...next stop La Jolla. 
is in chem. going to marys later and meg and billy are coming 
Is in china town 
is in class with bebe janie and ... miriook-poo  !! haha i love my girlyzz!! ­«3 ! ,.. but i dont love ,.. HIM!! (anymore) LMAO!!
is in class with Kade... only five more days after today!   
is in college, propppa buzzzing about things  whayyyyyyy . &lt;3
Is in English atm!! Going back in an hour &amp; sher, mel and alia coming over  weee!
is in Europe. Be back in 2 weeks. 
is in fin ecnmtrcs class by herself.. wait, shouldn't erwin and timo be in this class as well? 
is in floww-reee-duhhh  sarasota/tampa bay area with the loves.
is in for a fun day 
is in front of a campfire with friends 
is in FUCKING GOOD MOOD !!  listen to some swedish stuff... Definitely, music is the answer ))
is in garden bovising! 
is in georgetown for a relaxing weekend 
is in german with Sara and Jemima  xx
is in Gov trying to get my hands on some Jersey Giant! 
is in great need of a nap 
Is in hard rock with greg and @nathanbrookman good times! 
is in her new place 
Is in her p.j's with a dressing gown with a hooot chocolate  x
Is in his Garden sunbathing and revising! 
is in houston about to go see my nephew.. again 
Is in Houston for the weekend   And still doesn't know how to use twitter.
is in Hyde Park lookin at the friendly squirrel with Sally &amp; Nat  Jonas Brothers were UNBELIEVABLE!!
Is in Ibizaa  Thinking its roastingg xx
is in italy  
is in LA land. Forgot how much smog there is. 
is in LA with daria  cant wait to get a tan woo
is in london with the boyfriend 
is in looooove with baby Dexter 
is in love with @UnHub!!!  http://unhub.com/Radiance
is in love with Christophe Dubois and his music! Le Grand Secret has to be the most beautiful song I have heard in ages. 
is in love with Europe!!!Never wanna leave  BBC here I come!
Is in love with her kitty Newla 
is in love with his cat 
is in love with Jason Reeves 
Is In Love With New Found Glory. Fact. 
is in love with Stephie's puppies  I wish I was going to be here when they're old enough to leave their momma!! http://tinyurl.com/r5ln3p
is in love with the fact that @taylorswift13 posts her own videos up for everyone to see  very funny and so cute!
is in love with westlife 
is in love with Yoona&amp;Kibum, Donghae&amp;Jessica, and Kyuhyun&amp;Yuri 
is in Malta still! 2 days down, 2 days left 
is in mandeville with hayley for the weekend 
is in myrtle beach 
Is in need of an amazing full body massage 
is in need of sleep but her hands seem to let go of Jolene's Nintendo DS 
is in need of some good deserved sleep 
Is in Oakland building a home all day today for Habitat for Humanity East Bay!  
Is in pe sat on the grass in the blazing sun watching the lads play football  xx
is in Rhodes guiding guests 
is in school nd is hoping for a great dayy 
is in soundcheck in Rock Island, IL. RIBCO baby, outside. This is going to be fun 
Is in starbucks with her mummy 
is in Starbucks with the guys discussing coffee combinations, apparently I'm a coffee expert 
is in Starbucks, enjoying a hot grande caramel machiatto with affogato. 
is in sunny, sunny Orlando and has burnt her shoulders, woo 
is in Sydney 
is in the beer garden 
is in the BEST mood ever. (:        Oh.Oh.Oh And i cant wait to cuddle my joseph properly tomorrow.  (L)
is in the Dallas airport by herself for two hours until my group gets here....let the games begin 
is in the garden with roopy 
is in the garden! I love the cool wind 
is in the mood for some serious shopping 
Is in the mood to paint the whole house and not go college for a week! 
is IN THE NEW PLACE!!  who wants to visit?
is in the office already and managed to do another 5k jog this morning 
is in the office, munching on Farley's Rusks as she continues with her tedious work..  
is in the packrat cafe..and thinks you ALL should come in and chat! 
is in the plane 
is in the process of applying for grad school! I hope this personal success can continue 
is in the public library now .  
is in the video chat room watching Daniel &amp; Vanessa sing for us! lol 
Is in toronto and thinking me ms.panton. Id eat eleven am brownies with u. Love u 
is in trinoma for the 1st time. Hehe 
is in tumblr right now. 
is in Vegas baby!!! Having the time of my life and I couldn't be happier  Time to paint the town red and every other color possible ;)
is in wall street ryt now wif sibling -@opankopank  http://plurk.com/p/xbvgz
Is in week-end since two hours now ! 
is in Winnipeg with Cassy 
is incredibly excited that she'll be puppeteering with Doug Horley at Celebrate! 
is incredibly overtired, i'm blowing off supernatural to sleep... this is a rare event. good night all 
is infront my research paper (a.k.a skripsi), trying so hard to concentrate but.. cant stop singing along all the songs from my itunes 
is inspired to continue spreading God's love to the families and friends of E8!  - http://tweet.sg
is installing #ubuntu netbook remix 9.04 on dad's aspire one. he's impressed 
is installing some new soft synths 
is installing The SIMS 3!!!! 
is interested in making new friends... 
is interested to see what #Sony plans for their #E3 conference: they might get a new PSP customer out of this is in me if it's good 
is interviewing a Vietnam War veteran   |monkey^man|
Is ireland the new caribbean? Feels like it today. 28 and climbing  ok so I know it'll be pissing down next week but Maybe not !?
Is it 3 yawns and I turn into a pumpkin or 4?  Better be off before I find out!  Goodnight tweeties! 
is it bad to go to bed with an empty stomach? been doing this for weeks now. *stomach growling* okaaaaay. REALLY TIME TO SLEEP! nyt. 
Is it Comic Con yet? Can't wait to meet up with you tweeps! 
is it embarrassing to put a lock on some texts so you reread them again? i think not. a pleasant surprise when you clean out old texts. 
Is it fair to say I TOTALLY farted on some random chick?  Haha yup 
Is it gluttony if it is Christian pizza? Thank you Pizza Inn for your contribution to the clogging of my arteries 
Is it going to rain all day?!! It's Saturday, I have sunshiney things to do today!! 
IS IT HOT IN HERE OR IS IT JUST ME??  OH ITS ME 
Is it in the Volunteers' GA right now.   
Is it just me or are those &quot;road wars&quot; (cop hidden camera) show just awesome? 
Is it just me, or does Showtime tend 2 have lots more sex while HBO has more comedy? Cant decide which I prefer more... Curb wins I guess 
is it LOVE or BREAD??? 
is it me you looking for? i can see it in your eyes, i can see it in your smile. I LOVE healthy Igloo Zoo 
Is it morning yet? Gonna be a hot day. I'm glad to stay indoors. 
is it night everywhere? or any daylight there.. 
is it normal to get pissed off at someone just from hearing their voice or do I have problems....? 
Is it possible for the Korean F4 to visit the Philippines? Hmmm. 
Is it possible to overdose on almonds? 
is it really having an earthquake...??i just didnt feel it..??  
IS it sad that actually know how to play it?? 
Is it sad that I feel epically proud that Rachel's following me on twitter?! Coz I do 
is it sad that i think my lowest grade for finals will be for my health exam ? pathetic. testt, then connecicut with @chelshhh 
is it sleeping time yet? so clad its a long weekend, defiantly taking monday off 
Is it sunny outside? Hope so. Another 3 clients then I'm done 
Is it the fact you know im right? 
is it time to get ready yet? i needa drink 
is it true that opening of classes will be moved on June 15? 
Is it true?? Are you really really stopping your career britney?? just because of your dad!?!?! get a restraining order 
is it weird that I actually enjoy revising Russia just a little bit? 
Is it weird that I keep having the same dream. And if u knew what it was...hahaha 
Is it weird that I was really happy when it was torrential rain, hailstones and thunder? I saw 2 thunderbolts in the space of 20/30 mins 
Is it weird that I was the only kid not under the age of 12 at Night At The Museum?! hahahahaha  I don't even care. The movie was great!
is it weird that i'm in college watching Zoey 101? oh well 
Is it weird? That I HAVE to sleep with a pillor between my legs? Bcuz I dnt like my legs laying on top of eachother. Lol. OCD?? Nooooooo 
Is it wrong I can't wait to go back to school tomorrow? Probably, but I get to see Gemma 
Is it wrong I'm trying to look any any hint in that setlist picture? lol I already see part of the name of one song (at the bottom). 
is it wrong that I find the mayor of SF kind of cute? no? good.  goodnight.
is it wrong to drink 2...yes, 2 mojitos while out to dinner with The Hubby, The Boy AND The Girl? No? Good. Didn't think so 
Is it wrong to love your PC?    It's a precious thing.
Is it wrong to rock out to Vanessa Carlton on the Penn turnpike...? Karaoke style!!? 
Is it wrong to wanna take a nap at 7pm? Hmm. I'm going to go for it 
is it's so gorgeous out! Going to the lake! 
IS JADED  no wait, =( or... actually ... =D !!!!!! I go bed now, 9 am class tomorrow then hoedown throwdown time! Love Saturdays!
is Jeff Lewis, stand up and Fab Cafe apparently. Aces faces. 
is juggling two twitters at one lol   that is talent. haha
is Jumanji the coolest movie ever? no, but it is amusing. 
Is jumping in the pool at work with my students! I can't wait! 
is just back from a little run, is going to have a shower then... SLEEP 
Is just back from the beach with the kids. . 
is just checking things out 
is just coming back from a nice visit with my dearest friend 
is just done with the whole tattoo idea EVERYONE has what ive wanted;; so iFIGURE the new tattoo is to not have one at all 
is just enjoying the weekend.  http://plurk.com/p/yvre4
Is just flipping out on karaoke 
is just generally being vair happy  (Y)
is just getting home from work and is now relaxing 
is just getting out of bed. Ahh, Saturdays 
is just getting use to this twitter thing?? Any suggestions 
is just going to get ready and go to do a freinds nails 
is just gonna chill for all 4 days 
is just hangin' out with my sweetie tonight 
is just hanging around 
is just haning out watching csi 
is just happy as pie to be back at her temp place. What a lovely day. Leaping into the post-graduation abyss. Huzzah! 
Is just helping Jay with his IT assignment...bb in a while 
is just now getting twitter lmao 
is just straight chillin 
is just waking up from a wild night. ooooh yah. goldschlagger is *not* my friend. visiting the ROM today! 
Is just waking up. Hello barnd new day!! 
is keanly awaiting Jamie's response to the white shirt remark and will get up at 5 am to go see   hahahahahahaha
is keeping up with the kardashians..... im hooked guys 
is kenny chesney tonight&lt;3 call text to meet up 
is kicking Lee's arse on MSN games 
Is kind of scared for @cheyhale. LOL! Dinner for her should be interesting. 
is knackered from doing 6 hours of pure shopping ...thanks to my diet coke for getting me through this tough time 
is know watching the 2nd of the jurassic parks; the lost world! by far the most amazing 
is laid in bed  with john but wants to be out in the sun and can here the radio  x
is laughing , i cant believe flea attacks dougie  xx
is laughing at her guinea pig  It has some up with a new clever method of scratching one's own bottom - rubbing it against the cage.
Is laughing at the fact that my mom said she hasn't seen me since I got home. I have been home... Just not at night. 
is laughing like crazy listening to the OST of the Musical Monty Python's Spamalot!  http://plurk.com/p/xhjtj
is layin in bed enjoyin thee rain..i love thunderstorms at night 
is laying down for bed and wishing she could relive this weekend. 
is laying down with my love Lexi 
Is laying in bed singing church songs with her family 
is laying in bed thinking she should go to bed....but why? its summer! 
Is laying in her own bed and enjoying a good book. Perfect ending to a perfect day 
is laying in myy big warm bed and being thankful that I dnt hav to be out in that winter chill tonight!  x
Is laying in the bed with katie and jill! 
is laying next to Miss Brittany Snow right now. Who is the luckiest guy in the world? 
is laying out all day! 
is laying out by the pool!  
is lazy to work, probably because of this bed weather 
Is leading a life with someone he loves and shes got this smile he just cant deny. Never was much for fishing the sea...guess I got lucky 
is learning about being Elisabeth! 
is learning about twitter 
is learning and growing a lot by the grace of God  i'm still a bit spacing out from the spiritual intensity
is learning Chinese  http://plurk.com/p/z7c42
is learning for a stupid test on wednesday -.-'' i'm so excited to see my girl tomorrow.&lt;3  
is learning how to make newsletters 
is learning love story on her new guitar 
is leaving at 6:00 to help out with dance studio again. 
is leaving for his interview now. wish him luck! 
is leaving for NYC tomorrow 
is leaving for UST. Tweet you later. 
is leaving hertfordshire   but really enjoyed being back 
Is leaving in the morning to go to her mommys 
is leaving in twenty minutes for the movies with alina  bffy day &lt;3
is leavinggg for Jeds in a few minutes and will be out all day!  I love Jed,
is leavingggg  bye see ya in a few hours B-)
is like FUCK U and everybody else!!! 
is like thinking SCHOOL's OUT in 2 DAYS!!!!!! yes.yes.yes!! 
is like... oh my god  [[ work ]]
is liking his section. 
is liking the nice weather 
is liking this state of giddiness caused by Grappas' Caramel Beer!  More please..... 
is lisetning to bigbang. ohwow  saw it on mtv hongkong.wawaweweaweaaweas
is listenin to @JesseMcCartney. On the way home from church. 
is listenin to 1extra mister jam hittin it hottt jus ate my 1st bbq  of the week!! 
Is listening 2 Tevin Campbell OMG...I use to have such a crush and I was a baby! &quot;Can we talk 4 a minute? Girl I want 2 know your name.&quot; 
is listening to &quot;I dont care what they say&quot; by rammmm  he's so damnn sexy!
is listening to &quot;Le Soleil&quot; by The Filthy Youth.  http://plurk.com/p/sy0wn
is listening to &quot;The Greatest Denier&quot; by Doves. 
is listening to @DavidArchie's songs during AI! i wonder how @DavidArchie keeps his voice soo flawlessly perfect? 
Is Listening To @Onenightonly Album Because It Makes Me Happy! And Minds Me Of All The Good Times 
is listening to @RadioU for the first time in a long time and loving it.  They're playing some good songs too... 
is listening to a Franch Belgian radio. 
Is listening to Adam Lambert and writing her dang paper =/ I can't wait for the Idol Tour 
is listening to agnes - release me (L)  and is contemplating doing english coursework..
is listening to Alejandro Manzano's soothing voice.  (music) http://plurk.com/p/x5wqi
is listening to Bellowheads new album = very happy 
is listening to Breathe Carolina repeatedly  I can't wait to see them again on the 23rd!
is listening to Drake's &quot;So Far Gone&quot; letting him and Lloyd give me &quot;A Night Off&quot; 
is listening to Dusty Springfield &quot;Spooky&quot; - awesome chillout tune   ? http://blip.fm/~5etnz
is listening to Fightstar 
is listening to her boyfriend laugh at his racing video game.... i love listening to him laugh. 
is listening to his brother play the solo of Sweet Child Of Mine  http://plurk.com/p/ukuqj
is listening to his fav song ''Everything I do'' by Bryan Adams 
is listening to internet radio over wireless internet. Therefore is listening to the wireless.  Oldskool is the NewSkool!
is listening to Jello Biafra at work. 
is listening to Jill Scott. &quot;I think Its Betta.&quot; b/c that is exactly how I feel on this day!   &quot;Can't Let hIm GOooO.&quot;
is listening to Kix's ACCC, broadcast from Down Under with special co-host Mr. Dierks Bentley!!! 
is listening to kris allen's heartless. adam all the way though 
is listening to metro station shake it  xxx
is listening to music 
is listening to music. sooo bored!!! 
is listening to muzic! and i LOVE the Paramore cd, &quot;Riot!&quot;.... They are amazing. Can't wait to watch MTV Movie Awards.... Go Twilight!! 
is listening to my little boy read a book!! 
Is listening to my music now  as i cant stand her voice one more minute let alone another hour :S so wtf ill just blanke her out and l ...
is listening to my true love.... Nick Jonas  Im in LOVE!!
is listening to Nevershoutnever  Follow me, MySpace me. Garrett, I effing love youu!.
Is listening to old hip hop songs ha 
Is listening to Pavarotti songs 
is listening to r.kelly's bump 'n grind... reminiscing the old days of making mixed tapes with a dual cassette player 
is listening to Refuge Praise and getting ready to eat some breakfast! 
is listening to songs composed by Javier Navarrete...a perfect album to listen while writing code 
is listening to songs. 
is listening to stuff that we did on saturday... i like. really. there will be music 
is listening to techno, eating popsicle. The only way this could get better is if Mat was here 
is listening to the chart show  x
is listening to the frug by rilo kiley  and might go for a walk in a bit with Albertaaa, m'dog.
IS LISTENING TO THE JONAS BROTHERS NEW ALBUM and WATCHING Disney Channel all day -- Happy Jonas Day 
is listening to the jonas brothers' songs, I guess I'm back to the old time  http://plurk.com/p/xtoiu
is listening to the kids talk about Daughtry...love that my kid is the one with all his facts right!! 
is Listening to The Maccabees 
is listening to the mash up, hopefully gunna be drinking later 
is listening to the new DMB album 
is listening to the radio!! virgin radio 
is listening to the song UNNOTICED BY UNTIL JUNE  &quot;
is LMAO, just thinkin of the 80/20 rule.....wonder how she's gonna like that 20!!! Oh that makes me feel much better 
is loadin the Sweet Sacrifice vid!!! 
is LOLL at all the old statuses of mine! And is now a cheese packer 4 the summer! Richhhh! 7 DAYS TILL MAGAGAGAGAGALUF!  &lt;3
is lookin forward to supernatural 2nite 
Is looking as houses in foco! Woo hoo! Lol 
is looking at all of these crazy pictures from the weekend 
is looking at big hunk of jake man home from the beach with a nice tan and all! he thinks he's so cool... 
is looking at her shiny purple hair 
is looking for intranet professionals in Perth to host or chair site visits. Great networking and benchmarking opportunity 
is looking for kittens on the internet! they are all just so cute! 
is looking for more people interested in helping out KDE Mexico and/or PC-BSD Mexico, please contact me 
is looking for some great advice 
is looking forward to @virginmedia upgrade to 10mbps 
is looking forward to a girly day on thursday in Liverpool should be a laff 
is looking forward to a lovely eve ahead 
is looking forward to a nice lunch at home.  http://plurk.com/p/118ryb
is looking forward to a whole month of Nikki Beach happenings in July @ Kragerø/Norway  Tickets r coming soon...
Is looking forward to an enjoyable evening 
is looking forward to another short week at work 
is looking forward to BW3s tonight with my honey 
is looking forward to church today 
is looking forward to day 2 of ACCC conference and day 3 in Charlottetown, PEI. 
is looking forward to dinner with family. 
Is looking forward to eating her mum home made chili nachos 
is looking forward to getting her sunnies out today! 
is looking forward to getting out in the beautiful sunshine again today and having dinner in the garden later 
is looking forward to going home tomorrow and getting to read Twilight 
is looking forward to going on holiday again 
is looking forward to going to Stara Tura! 
is looking forward to her upcoming photo shoot. Off to work. Ask for my e-mail address. Chatting makes the day fly by! N/A if ur crazy. 
is looking forward to hers and Kays party sat night woop woop lets just hope some people turn up hehe 
is looking forward to I.O.W festival next week 
is looking forward to june  it means....centre parcs...beyonce...boyzone three times....my 18th bday....partying times 
is looking forward to leeds this year  not long now.
is looking forward to more sunshine tomorrow...and may sit out in it on my lunch!! And that dress is super cute  woop woop &lt;3 xx
is looking forward to poledancing on Wednesday  &lt;3 xxx
is looking forward to revision sessions in cassio park/cafe nero depending on the weather with @mikey_montana  x
is looking forward to riding her ponies today.....  it's been awhile!
is looking forward to seeing Marcus tomorrow  &lt;3
is looking forward to settling down to the Apprentice with a nice bottle of wine 
is looking forward to soccer six 
is looking forward to spending lots of quality time with my son.  (His little sister adores him, btw.)  
is looking forward to ST.LUCIA Carnival all de limin fetes and nice pppl !!!!  hope yuh comin!!
Is looking forward to the 11th of June...that's whenn all the hard work will pay off. 
is looking forward to the all american rejects concert in vienna 
is looking forward to the Apprentice final! 
Is looking forward to the beach 
is looking forward to the Jeremy Monteiro &amp; T'ang Quartet performance later  http://plurk.com/p/x5qf0
is looking forward to the public holiday 2moro 
is looking forward to the travellage 
is looking forward to the weekend ahead 
is looking forward to the weekend... justin's graduation, races and our grad party!! 
Is looking forward to todays dress fitting and hopes Tom has a good day flying 
is looking forward to tomorrow, well I guess later today ~ dinner and movie with awesome friends!! 
is looking forward to tonight, brought a cool red marvel top aswell 
Is looking forward to watching the Hills finale tonight then the MTV movie awards!! 
is looking forward to working in London on Wednesday and going out to dinner after 
is looking forward to you show 2nite @kyleandjackieo, cnt wait for it 
is looking foward 2 c britney  xx
is looking foward to her first day back at work... then watching UFC tonight 
Is looking like a very nice evening indeed here in Almerimar on the WebCam ..... honest, I kid you not  http://tinyurl.com/qaumlf
is looking on the bright side of life....Literally!  
is looking out the window, looking at the wonderful weather. What a nice day! 
is lounging around for a little while, then doing (Uncle) Joe's birthday dinner tonight w/ the family. Mexican food, yummy!!! 
is lounging around. 
is love LOVING the weather today! Holy cow. 
is lovely my day off and carnt wait to see my fried 
Is lovin earth. My home 
is lovin that britney spears is now following me 
Is lovin' the clear starry night. 
is lovin the sun 
is lovin the sunshine again  getting tattoo done later woopness!! xx
is lovin this twitter from my fone thing.  watching robots againn.  then bed. peace easy sleezys.
is loving all the new young MPs 
is loving all the oppertunities life gives us 
is loving collingwoods wicket keeping, school boy cricket at its best!! 
Is loving everything about this!  ...just had the urge to find my lab-partner again. Haha
is loving having a chill Saturday night with the roomies and listening to Needtobreathe and Shawn McDonald. Sooo good 
is loving her baby so much 
is loving her get away from Murray with her favorite couple! 
is loving her life and very happppy!!! 
is loving her new lappy 
is loving her new phone 
is loving his macbook needs some fancy music software to put on it though....  Church tonight 
is loving his new table from IKEA which he got in the as-is section for $80 when its originally $200!! Big thanks to @jenniferyee 
is loving how much she got to sleep in today.  Getting ready for church now.
is loving how the affiliate program works - paperless and fully automated.  http://tinyurl.com/nmcaffiliate
is loving Jip so so so so SOOO much! 
is loving life 
is loving life i cant wait for summer  Beachhhh&lt;3
is loving life in FIJI. Just finished the Yasawa Islands...now onto Viti Levu! What an AMAZING place! 
is loving Look How I'm Doing, Heidi Montags new song  can't wait for the album Heidi!
is loving Montreal this weekend. Preach on Fri. Dany Tenaglia on Sat. Sharam next, then Tiga!! Can't ask for more 
Is loving my fiji right now 
Is loving P!NK 
Is loving seattle 
Is loving that he's had dream theater and lamb of god on in the pub 
is loving the 10th Big Brother.. eeee 
is loving the beach! 
is loving the fact it a long bank holiday weekend, and waiting for amanda to get to work. sooner im out the better  ROLL ON BANK HOLIDAY
is loving the fact that she can sleep in 
is loving the google logo today 
is loving the hot weather 
is loving the love of her life. What a wild day  Now I'm in bed, texting, yawning, waiting. Goodnite world 
is loving the lush weather the UK finally has but is hating the sunburnt so sore but then liking the tan afterwards 
is loving the magic pens 
Is loving the new album from Beth Ditto and The Gossip 
is loving the new Weird Al song &quot;Craigslist&quot;  http://bit.ly/3GrE8
is loving the quote &quot;A new world, a world of shining hope for you and me&quot; from the song A Time For Us. Personally, I think it's cute! 
is loving the season finale of the hills!! 
is loving the summer already 
is loving the sun .. and  has morphed from white . to a sort of sludgy cream colour  .. slowly slowly catchy monkey 
is loving the sun outside and looking forward to a long weekend helping dan move in 
is loving the sun, and wants some new shoes! 
is loving the sunny weather gorgeous 
is loving the weather   im off camping sleeping rough tonight lol
is loving the weather , cant wait to go out this afternoon 
is loving the weather and the view of my backyard.  http://mypict.me/2WQx
Is loving the weather got up at 5 to get orders done be at the PO for 9, then bring on a lazy day!!! YAY 
is loving the weatherrr  !
Is loving the wolverine game 
is loving the Zombie movie marathon on TV right now!!!!!&gt;Land Of the Dead 
is loving these new Mikado snacks, although the biscuit does kinda taste like burnt toast or is it melba toast? xD They're Japanese btw! 
is loving this gorgeous Nashville day and spending time with a sweet friend 
is loving this oh-so-gorgeous sunny morning..  have a great day twitter peeps 
is loving this very beautiful june day - ice lollies, tennis, trampolining (sp?!) scootering and football - perfect day with a 4 yr old 
is loving this weather... hopefully it stay's... have lots of things to do today!! 
is loving this weatherrrrr 
is loving watching Only fools and horses 
is luving free peopleee 
is lying in bed in the dark with @mariahcarey on shuffle... This is my therapy 
Is lying in the sun with ry waiting for ppl to come for bbq mmmm marinated chicken 
Is make breakfast at 4 pm in le afternoon.. 
is makeing his first tweet 
is makin pineapple pizza 
is making a biography about adolf hitler. writing assessment from bob's english class 
is making a cuppa coffeee 
is making a friend happy 
is making brownies!!! 
Is making bugers yum 
is making cheasy jingles 
is making cheese today in biology 
is making cup cakes  xxxx
is making cupcakes tonight with my babeee 
is making dinner and watching reruns while doing some homework 
is making Erica's hair into dreads  so exhausting... no joke.
is making food 
is making grilled cheese sandwiches! 
is making homemade chocolate chip cookies with her mom  
is making it an early night tonight, way to many late ones!...after a movie night at Gold Class and Maz Brenners 
is making most of her vacation 
is making nachos for dinner 
is making progress on this packing/laundry business. Now to keep doing summer camp plans and whatnot... I think lego star wars wins 
is making spaghetti and meatballs with cheese bread for dinner. Yum 
is making Starbucks assignment.. 
is making the &quot;css style guide at cwc&quot;; who said that code can't be beautiful ? 
is making up some new changes 
is making vegetable soup for lunch through the week - trying to be healthy! 
is making Windows Live Writer Portable 
is marveling at how sweet the 3 yo can be sometimes. 
is mastering the early Sunday morning cup of coffee...ahhhh...such a perfect time for a fresh brewed cup and a tweet 
is maybe having a BBQ todaaaaay. 
is meering up with @doubtme and @kathy1023 on my lunch break...they're awesome! Yay 
is meeting her boss finally after working there a week. congress is back in session 
Is Meeting Her Tattoo Artist Tomorrow For Her @onenightonly Tatt Design  Getting It Friday x
is meeting Karla for dinner at the newly-renovated Shakey's  http://plurk.com/p/xm4rv
is meeting with kyonnae at the bus stop  Getting my car soon 
is mega better thanks to kayla 
is mesing around on the comp... Texting MY BFFL!  
is messing around recording some videos for youtube 
is missing him..u know who u are.. 
is missing Internet Week New York for conferences in Albany. Poo 
is missing my american crackberry.... 
is missing my baby. i cant wait for him to come home 
is missing ryan  watched p.s i love you with ryan i cried i was the most amazing film eva  love iit
is mixing a song called &quot; Tempo17&quot; and well.. it's tough. 
is moderately impressed by his new lumix camera 
is Mompreneur. Any moms in biz? come join the Featured Mompreneur! Invitation here - http://tinyurl.com/l284h8 
is Mompreneur. It's Sunday! Family days and going to spend time with my darling and gal gal~~  enjoy your Sunday too~
is monster mile today! Go Jeff Gordon 
is morning all 
Is most likely gonna take a nap for a bit  love you @katesmom78
is mothering friends at MORP 
Is movie w/ cheese &amp; crackers while snuggling up to Man ~ 'night 
is moving in on Friday 
is moving in with peter and dean next week!!! 
is moving into her apartment today! 
is moving to tempe today  and might be trippin up to flagstaff for the night. 
is much anticipating 3-days off and hopefully a trip 
is munching on a nana sandwich 
is munching on some chocolate yan yan!  *yummyyy*
Is munching on sultana's waiting for my hubby to get home.... staaaaaarving.... well ok... very, very hungry and wanting to eat tea now 
Is my Jess listening to across the universe? 
Is napping and then her big sister will be here 
is navigating through twitter 
is needing simplicity 
Is never going to go to sleep.. Latee night conversation 
is new here... 
is new on twitter. I'm looking around. 
Is new to all this, anyone have any advice on how it all works 
is new to plurking.   http://plurk.com/p/rctc9
is new to this twitter thaaang 
is new to this whole twitter thing but thinks she's gonna like it 
is new to twitter &amp; is all ready to get blabbing 
is new to twitter and finding all the cool people i love 2 follow  x
is new to twitter and loving it 
Is new to twitter, and trying to figure it out 
is newcomer 
is no longer concern about that someone.. hehe 
Is no longer single. 
is nokia 5800 user friendly ?? let me know if it is. 
is nomming scrambled egg on toast and talking to Rik.  Good times. xx
is not a big fan of the rain .. work all week in the sun only to rain on the weekend 
is not a twitter whore.. 
is not allowed back to work yet... haha fine  more time for more exciting stuff!
is not doing a lot at the mo, just looking at things on the net! 
Is not feeling very intelli-connected to the world.... 
is not glad for the sunny sun sun! just gone over teh intros for these essays! yay! oh well only this one and its over  (:
is not going to use twitter anymore cos i think its kind of a waste of my life haha.. bye 
Is not hungover!! Its truly amazing, as I really should be!  summer rocks!!
is NOT nauseous, Fry drank nearly a whole bottle, I think we're finally on the mend!!! 
is not ready for another week of this.. But is so glad to go to work and not wonder if her car will start!! 
is not so good at keeping up with Twitter...sorry!   Latest...Kim graduated!  
Is not so keen on green tea after all...nothings beta than that good ol' black tea 
IS NOT SURE HOW TO GET INTO THIS TWITTER, OR TO FIND PEOPLE, OR MEET PEOPLE, OR GET FOLLOWERS. HMMM FIND ME, THERE EASY ENOUGH!! 
Is not the type to tell your girlfriend, u'll tell on yourself 
is not yet sleeping hahaha  u2we na ako m2ya sa amin hahaha apir http://plurk.com/p/x9x4n
is noticing haylo24mass is quite the looker ....Good Luck with modelling, but you DON'T need it !!    
Is now 16 
is now 25. Had a lovely birthday 
is now a dsc student.  http://twitpic.com/7jp4d
is now a RedHat Certified Engineer 
is now adicted to twitter! 
is now at Love The World with people she loves. 
is now awake!  how are u guys?! http://plurk.com/p/x626s
is now back home by myself, college tomorrow, don't want to go back but oh well 
Is now back in my room at Portsmouth 
Is now biting HER tounge  !!! http://myloc.me/29wZ
is now busy cleaning! be back later  http://plurk.com/p/t9dpi
Is Now Chillin 
is now eatin her lunch 4 once :L nd wait 4 tym 2 past so she can go trampolining  xx
is now eating at singha thai  well, will be as soon as family decides WHAT TO EAT.
is now following @peterfacinelli 
is now following Maroon 5! yipee!!! 
is now friends with Fırfırella  Missed her, durcu and kenke serkan. Şu anda dülay izlemek vardı anasını satayım 
Is now going sky diving in New Zealand.. Only cost me 30 mins of my time 
Is now going to go to sleep. Busy day Tomorrow! Dude,Sooo looking forward to it 
Is now happily engaged 
is now in love with &quot;hit the lights&quot; but i still love blink 182 more. 
is now looking forward to the football tonight considering we get a sit down meal in a corporate box 
is now loving Uncharted 2. 
Is now MS's http://www.Bing.com on Snow Leopard?  http://www.apple.com/macosx/snowleopard/
is now officialy 18!! 
Is now ok 
is now on holiday for two weeks!  and wasting ample time on the internet.. I should do something productive, really... ;)
is now playing sims3 social  hehehe addict.
is now reading Art of Game Design... again... on his 5 stars couch 
is now taken by a lovely girl 
is now the 46th most viewed channel today - this is seriously cool! Check it out  http://www.youtube.com/user/lolafandango24
Is now the friend of my Russian-speaking Armenian dad on Facebook 
is now thinking about buying a new bag  sigh. http://plurk.com/p/y01wb
is now tweeting too... 
Is now tweeting with his phone  yay bell mobility!
is now tweeting. I'm surprised I have followers already. Haha! 
is now using his new laptop with Karmic. Loving it 
is now washed and dressed 
is now watching 10 things i about you. that's all i've been doing all day, watching films 
is now watching hard candy...  got no idea what its about  
is now watching mtv movie awards.. hope chris feels better soon 
Is obsessively social networking via the phone with free 16 mbps internet and free electricity...thanks Delhi airport 
is obviously not studying  http://plurk.com/p/sx724
is of outside to photograph bbq'd food today and tomorrow. 
is of to manchester again today, 
is of twitter for the night.  night.
is off 
is off 2 bed! good nite 
Is off 2 c Danny Bhoy with his beautiful princess 
is off 2 hospital @ 7am in the morn - ni nite, folks 
is off adventuring. be back tomorrow 
is off as she has to be up early in the morning as shes going to the seaside!  hehe BGT-Diversity!!! &gt; AMAZING! &lt;3
is off facebook for a while.. gawd that thing is toooooo addictive!!! 
is off for a day of scrapbooking with the girls. 
is Off For A Lovely BBQ In The Sun  x
is off for a nap  x
is off for a nice walk  will be back shortly... 
Is off for a walk in Hyde Park then pizza express then angels and demons  perfect
is off for a work out at the gym 
is off for a yummy afternoon in the sunshine!.......shops &amp; lunch 
is off for another bat walk  #fb
is off from work...going to swim and relax today! 
is off of work. yay!  Now sitting at home, waiting for Laney to get here, and listening to Jeff *my bro-in-law* snore. ha!
Is off out 4 lunch today cant wait 
is off shopping in a bit  get my after prom party dress
is off the #VictoriaRooms and #Tapas for mack's b'day ...  nom nom nom
is off the the park for a gothic basketball session 
is off to &quot;Little Italy.&quot; 
is off to BALI........ 
is off to batangas...  beach on a very cool weather... ;-)
is off to bed now, hope it's another gorgeous day tommorow night twitterers  xx
Is off to bed, and REAALLLLYYYYY hopes Hunter can pick me up tomorrow 
is off to bed, my hubby is not feeling well.. hope he's feeling much better in the morning  http://plurk.com/p/xo1e3
is off to bed, working 11-4 tomorrow! 
Is off to bed. Goodnight! 
is off to bed. I got a C++ compiler earlier, works good. Now I just have to relearn it. I have a plan to be debt-free by Nov. 2011! 
is off to bed. Will explore later.  Lol.
is off to bed. wish me luck for tomorrow! biology and bahasa indonesia  *niat UAS!
Is off to bedddy 
is off to Berkshire today, where the BBC tells me it should be sunny 
is off to brunch @ Le Petit Dejeuner 
Is off to buy pickles and see what her cheeky little girl is up to.   
Is off to cambridge with her best friend Laura lol. &amp;&amp; Then Partying Hard 2night  Very exciteddd ....PRIMARK HERE WE COME &amp; AGain next sat
is off to catch up on Intervention. Nighty-night all. Play nice. 
Is off to Church 
is off to Clearwater - to meet my U.K. friends John &amp; Angeline for the first time (in real life). Be back late 2nite, peeps! 
is off to college very shortly... cba though  ahahahahaha
is off to crash a Momma party in Kennels Beach! 
is off to develop and scan his film  baby peektures ahoy
is off to do enrichment. 
is off to Durham today 
is off to eat dinner and in an hour watch David Cook on LKL! Be back afterwards 
is off to enjoy the sunshine with a nice glass of pimms...see you all later! 
is off to feed female rudolfo.  brb http://plurk.com/p/rk2p8
is off to get my lil one school shoes!!! then its looking for a sexy fancy dress outfit for mwa!!! 
is off to golf in an hour but FIRST auction time 
Is off to have a nap before the prayer meeting! Nighhhty 
is off to her bed, loving that I get a lie in tomorrow.  Yeah for Youth Day cos even us oldies get a day off 
is off to her check up  please pray for good results!  thanks! 
is off to his sisters wedding today 
is off to LDN. Has o make important business calls later this morning, *gag*. It's all good though 
Is off to London 
is off to London tomorrow 
is off to manchester now 
is off to manchester, gonna spend the day with kaycee.   night at the museum 2 &amp;mcdonalds 
is off to Manila!...but first, TOKYO!! 
is off to mass.  http://plurk.com/p/u97jp
is off to mum and dads for a great sunday roast 
is off to my 3 hour ASPCA volunteer orientation. 
is off to pick up the wife. We'll be home early for once! 
is off to post Matojo to his new home in the USA 
is off to Seattle shortly 
is off to see All Time Low 
Is off to see her boyfriend! 
Is off to see her great grandad  and loves jak
is off to see McFly tonight 
is off to see Patrick Wolf later today  has severe case of cupboard love for Ian with scrambled eggs on toast and malteasers ice creams.
Is off to see Take That!! 
is off to see the wizard, not really but I'm off to work 
is off to sleep. sweet dreams. 
is off to somewhere. 
is off to sunday mass at edsa shrine 
is off to the Adelphi for May Day hol 
is off to the ADT showcase performance. Margaux is sooooo excited  It's a full weekend of soccer games and dancing.
is off to the airport. See you on thursday manila! 
is off to the ATL to see Paramore and No Doubt! Holla 
is off to the Bahamas! 
Is off to the boyfriends for sunday dinner 
is off to the chinese buffet!! 
Is off to the cinema sono (: then Holly is sleeping round. Gunna be goood 
is off to the Crazy Lady's house  yay!
is off to the cubs game go cubs! 
Is off to the flicks  xx
is off to the funshack with lols 
is off to the Ghetto for a meeting in 2 hours.. got my Sony Ericsson X1 ready as self defence 
is off to the manc academy  cya there tbo
Is off to the mother in-laws to pull weeds. FUN  Might get a tan.
Is off to the Northants Motley Moot Beltain picnic. And the sun is out, Woop Woop! 
is off to the vets thi morning for Stans C.O.T then lunch with gorgeous and Demelza 
is off to town with @jumpingmacaroons &amp; @graialvar  http://plurk.com/p/z1gkh
is off to Town!! Woo 
Is off to Victoria's house for yoga, then to the park with Giancarlo. 
Is Off To Watch L.A. Ink  Waa Hoo 
is off to watch Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist. Later. 
is off to work  .. going to be a longggggg day
is off to work ... still &quot;recovering&quot; from an amazing and beautiful weekend. Have I mentioned how incredible my friends are?? 
is off to work, on a Sunday, has the whole world gone mad?! 
Is off today and gonna go shopping!! T-minus 22 days til CUUUBA!! 
is off work and really wants buffalo wild wings 
is off. Workout time.  http://plurk.com/p/tqnvu
is office bound in wonderful rain. Thanks Mother Nature! Hope everyone has a great day! 
is officially a Taravella graduate! 
is officially confused with twitter. Hi Gabby  sorry girl i dont understand this &quot;@&quot; isshhhh lol!
is officially done her junior year even though she has to make a few stops at school next week. 
is officially missing youuuu 
is offline, see you next week plurkers  http://plurk.com/p/z21p7
Is on a boat!!! I love asms 
is on a bus driving back from ottawa with almost everyone she loves  .
is on a coffee break 
is on a date 
is on a min-revision break..fun fun! is looking forward to seeing ryan in a few hours and going to forest tomorrow 
is on a Nokia E71 now 
is on a strict diet starting right now. 
is on air www.rx931.com from 9am to 2pm today!  the Best of HopHop and Rnb, for HIP 26
is on break at yoga teacher training and very pleased that I get to teach Warrior 2 today. Om shanti, shanti, shanti, om. 
Is on butcher's hill for the evening. Going back to the west side in the early morn! Hope some followers find me in the meantime! 
is on cloud 20 minus 11, razzle dazzle in amazement cuz he showed her heaven! 
is on cloud 9 - Go Magic | Pictures and Videos Posted from the Evening Festivities | 2 appointments today - setting 2 
is on Day 14 of the migraine and watching House... ironic? You wouldn't believe how many people tell me I need him... ummm he's NOT real! 
Is On Facebook + Msn  x
Is on her break eating food.. Off in 2 hours  then eating with my family
Is on her way back to houston 
is on her way home and then to jens for some good old fashioned ranting...oh and some dinner 
is on her way out to enjoy the sun 
is on her way to be made blonde-ish for summer, then London, picnic and documentary screening. Gorgeous weather to be out in 
is on her way to church 
Is on her way to frinton  x
is on her way to Indian Beach to do some shopping! 
Is on her way to nashville with derek. Excited to see her family! 
Is on her way to see &quot;Up&quot;!!! Yay 
is on her way to Skia Fest with her girls! 
is on her way to the convention and thinks that the bus driver is lost 
Is on her way to the mall wiff britt 
Is on her way to the summertime ball. 
Is on her way to Thunderhill race park for track day! 
is on her way up to Anderson to try out her new pink fishing rod.  
is on his way home 
is on his way home after having an ok vacation in florida... 
Is on his way to @Dazaar house. Put these bags down before I cry, have a sarnie and a good ol catch up 
is on his way to Blair's first birthday party! 
Is on his way to Bradford with the Son  woop
is on his way to church for RR setup! God will refresh my spirit, and renew my strength! 
is on his way to steak lunch. Mmmmmmm. 
is on holidays and watching day time tv 
is on Logic Express trying to inspire and be original 
is on maternity leave, excitedly waiting for Ethan to come out! 
Is on my ipod using this new twitter app! It's really handy 
is on my way to Kenny's place for a game of mahjong! Wish me luck peeps!Woohoo..!!   
Is on the bus home to see my precious little niece adelaide 
is on the bus to Innaloo with @MeiosisNecrosis to see MONSTERS VS. ALIENS 
is on the cold steps outside york waiting for jessy to pick her up 
is on the go... 
is on the J train headed home from an evening with the Boyfriend..0401 nd it gets better everyday. 
is on the Jacksonville Poker Run with Statement! What an AMAZING ride at 126 mph on water 
is on the move tomorrow night - moving in with a friend so 'Net will be sorted out soon  http://plurk.com/p/xai2q
is on the phone to @xCMM and is about to go on the sims 2 
IS ON THE PHONE WITH LEX AND TERRY!! 
Is on the phone with mom , Olivias coming over tonight , than mall tomorrow  haha ,  trampoline aswell tonight bitches
is on the phone with my bestfriend, she know who she is 
is on the road again&gt; another crazy weekend?!  looking fwd to joanna's am wedding and cachelle's pm wedding today  txt to connect..cxo
Is on the swings at baffins 
is on the train 
Is on the train  more shopping Yay
is on the train travelling back from Scotland 
is on the way home from church! 
is on the way to cardiff ! TAKE THAT TONIGHTTTTTT 
is on twitter and facebook but doesnt no what to do on twitter lol 
is on twitter hello 
is on twitter yay 
is on West Wing marathon with bird 
is once again inspired 
Is one year today that I got my Molly pony! Have celebrated with a 2hr hack in the rain 
is ONLiNE  http://plurk.com/p/stjdg
Is Online Now   
is Online! 
is online.  http://plurk.com/p/uc7ki
is only 15 minutes into New In Town but I already love it.  Midwest stereotypes-- they're all true and I love them 
is only make an update on Twitter just so he can hit the 300 updates mark.  300 updates of making the world aware of my geekness.
is opening his arms to Monday and is positive that it will be a greaaaat day!!! And he hasn't had any coffee, yet 
Is organising @Adii his very own TV insert with the help of @Littleleopard1. Best I get a special mention on film day! 
Is out and about  Going to...........
Is out and about time to party and drink cause its saturrdddday 
is out ballooning! 
is out for a swim. 
is out for a walk now  BFN!
is out for tomorrow!!  swimming!  http://plurk.com/p/rdgdf
Is out having fun with my girls, been a while since I been. Feeling good, feeling great!!! 
Is out in the sun  xx
is out in the sun studying philosofy. Life is sweeeet 
Is out in the sun with her bluuuueberry whore 
is out now..see you all in a little while 
Is out of the jungle early, hell yes. 
is out of work and happy... second shift will be okay. 
is out shooting again 
Is out to lunch the weather is lush in London today  xx
Is out to shop/gossip/giggle  all day with Dominika 
is out tonight  its been helluh long!
Is out with her friend crystal  i havent seen her in like a month 
is out with Tammy...kids home doing chores (or, had better be doing chores). Life is good. 
is out! thank buddha!   |monkey^man|
is outside in the garden on her laptop - love wi-fi   though going shopping soon and sunbed 
Is outside watching the lightning 
is outta here in an hour 
IS OVA !  IMA NO UR EVERY MOVE 
is over it 
is packed and ready to move 
Is packing and moving to minnesota tomorrow bright and early...Be back at Christmas 
is packing for her graduation cruise   
Is packing for New York!  See you again very soon LA! 
is packing. thanks to all who came out last night. it's kind of a blur 
is painting a lantern. 
is painting her nails and waiting for them to dry as i type. haha! going out for dinner tonight - yummy morroccan 
is painting the inside of her bathroom cupboards today. Fun, Fun  Happy Monday everyone.
is paranormal state real? It's kinda craaaazy 
Is partying at the cowboy! Woot 
is partying with her family, then Harper's with Lexy. 
is passing time. 
is patiently waiting for CV to get back to him on the quote for the beast... weapon here we come 
Is Peacefully enjoying is bowl of cereal.  Had a great night // Wants to figure out today's plans so he can go about his life
Is peeling the label of his bottle of ice cold coors light. Ahhh refreshing... 
is perfecting my mad skills of staring off into space, yawning and thinking about absolutely nothing.  I've got my A-game workin'... 
is picking up her new passport today... watch ou world - I'm back 
is picking up his lenses then off to an exercise class. thats the story of my life 
is pissed off fuck u 
is PISSED off the LAKERS WON&lt;---BITCH!!! and i miss my babe 
Is planning a bbq monday afternoon (memorial day) if that works (I assume people are off). I'm excited 
is planning a busy and hopefully nice weekend 
is planning a picknick with Tinka and Ana F. 
is planning her next savers trip. im all about the alterations 
is planning something.. and that is how to stalk david archuleta on thursday!  haha! i just love him so much,i want to hug him! GAWD!
is planning stuff for this week... 
is planning to start a blog  hmmm...what should i name it?
is playin the new Hannah movie game lol   // cool http://gykd.net
is playin ultimate frisbee tonight some cod 4 
is playing around &amp;&amp; having fun with little kids right now  hahahahaha
Is playing bubblewrap on her iPhone. Over and over and over again. Still, beats working... 
is playing Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare Multiplayer 
is playing club penguin 
is playing dress up in Roi World with Seed 
is playing guitar and singing. 
is playing live now on http://www.future-music.co.uk - hope you can all join me 
is playing MYBRUTE!  follow me at: http://yhana09.mybrute.com
Is playing N64 on my computer. Gotta love emulators. 
is playing neopets! 
is playing pet society  http://plurk.com/p/ubfea
is playing pet society on facebook 
is playing Pet Society.  http://plurk.com/p/rcc67
is playing restaurant city and pet society 
is playing resto city.  http://plurk.com/p/uakjc
is playing rhythm heaven  thank you @neogeo5185.
is playing snake while listening to all kinds of random music 
Is playing soccer 
is playing soccer!!! 
is playing super mario 3 on the new duo player system from ebay...plays nintendo and super nintendo games 
Is playing the guitarr 
is playing The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass on the DSi... Omg such an awesome game 
Is playing The Sims 3  hahah
is playing Wii with my brother. . Woow. . he play so fast.. Well,i will not lost bro.. 
is playing with her niece 
is playing with his iPhone while taking a breather. 
is playing with my little sister 
is playing WOW.  
is pleased Max is home 
is pleased she didn't have to part with RM500 for a digital weighing scale! Hooray for Isetan. 
Is Pleased that he is at work! 
is pleased with the outcome of last nights poker game 
is plugging away at the FEE. Just finished all the reading, now to write the essay. Maybe I'll do that tomorrow... 
is PLURK-ing and FACEBOOK-ing 
is polyvoringg  heyhey . visit the links below yha ..
is positive that demi &amp; trace are dating... YAY! 
is post-call and about to take mummy shopping 
is posting a comment to his Asian Princess!, 
is pouring a large Jack  D 
Is pouring in after a night of debauchery...hahaha, thanks mom, for the lovely and kind words 
is praying that tomorrow would be better 
is preparing for rain 
is preparing her presentation for Journalism subject. My topic is 'How Twitter Reshaping Journalism'. Isn't it fun? 
is preparing herself for Tuesday. Fingers &amp; toes are crossed! Wish me luck! 
is preparing his first vlog post 
is preparing his one-day-trip to London  Tomorrow, I'll be at the Apollo Victoria Theatre watching WICKED!!!!!!!!!!
is preparing to go out ! time to shop for ingredient &amp; bake cookies 
Is prepin' for 420 festival tonight...and I got to leave work an hour early! They love me after all! 
is prepping things for Smith on Monday...even more DVD burning for the ol' Frankster..-_-'  Whelp, at least it was a good day 
is pretty awake for a monday morning and is wearing some summer get-up to spread the summer feeling, even if there isn't that much sun! 
is pretty excited about her new music.  and glad that I only have a two show day today. 
Is pretty happy right now cause the 24 season finale leaked a day early 
Is pretty much bored of being at home now and nearly done my work 
is pretty pleased with her eBay sales this month.  Plenty of spending money for Europe now!  
is pretty sure i just made plans to spend january in Canada 
is pretty sure she is going to be doing her internship in Idaho with Katie if everything works out right. 
Is pretty tired! Ahh good dance show 
Is pride one of the 7 deadly sins? Well, if it is, let's just say that becoming an Uncle for the first time brings out the worst in me! 
Is probably stalking @littleradge on a few too many mediums. 
Is promoting her Passion Parties Business  Check out www.angelaspassion.com
is proposal writing.  The first of many 
is proud of her cousin Marissa who graduated from high school tonight! 
is proud of himself for sticking to water the whole night...my body is going to reward me in the morning. Good Night. 
is proud of kwoksiong for getting 100% correct in the facebook quiz. 
Is proud of the redwings. 
Is proud that he made it to the deans list... Again.  Bring it!!!
is proud to announce that Feather is now a mummy 
is proud to be a member of the Hulk Hogan fan club!! 
is proud to say that Tru Connect will be making it's first debut on iTunes and all major music stores with the 1st single in 3 WEEKS!!! 
is proudly South African!!!! Wouldn't want to be anywhere else on earth right now!!!   
is psyched for the mtv movie awards !  new moon trailer
is psyching up for band practice with a bit of Clutch. &quot;Open it up, open it up, open it...&quot; 
is pulling out of town to visit a Facebook friend! 
is pumped...Andrea arrives tomorrow, Coz and Sara Saturday, then a Memorial Day BBQ Monday.  
is pumping @themaccabees out of her new &quot;ka&quot;. so happyy 
Is putting new flooring in the baby's room today .. WAY 6 more months and &quot;Peanut&quot; is here 
is putting some tunes on her iPod.    ^ mhmmm. 
is quite nackered.. iuno why.. :S      i need a hug, and a good therapy sesion off luce  x lol
is racing home for the raw 3-for-all. 
is rather excited about the fact she's got her laptop baac 
Is rather happy. 
Is raving in my room  lol while cleaning it haha
is rdy to get my drink on and watch MMA 2nite! 
is reaching home soon and going to find my baby niece play 
is reading &quot;New Moon&quot; 
Is reading &quot;Street Magic&quot; by Caitlin Kittredge. 
is reading a funky retro book - POINT HORROR! hahaha! 
is reading about Economic Game Theory (input in welcomed), doctoral dissertations, and NCES/NSF annual reports 
is reading angels and demons 
is reading her twilight book, want to finish it before Malia 
Is reading magazines and listening to my ipod at work! 
is reading manga  http://plurk.com/p/mzp1e
Is reading Modern Dog.  What's YOUR favorite dog magazine or site?  I'll repost / share your recommendations.  
is reading my new book Twitter Tips, Tweets and Tricks... 
is reading notes from friends in an old high school yearbook-what an encouragement. You should read through yours this week too! 
is reading the book 'New Moon', i`m really excited to see Ashley Greene (Alice Cullen) in the upcoming 'New Moon' movie. 
is reading the owner's manual to her new souped up jetta. 
is reading Tuesdays with Morrie Pao, thanks for lending me your book  ILY :p
is reading You Can Do It by Paul Hanna. It's actually a great selfhelp book, I can never get enough of these books 
Is ready for a crazy weekend of moving things to slo and my last couple days here  text.
is ready for a good night's sleep 
is ready for a great weekend! 
is ready for confederations cup! 
is ready for day 2. 
is ready for milwaukee! beer, german food, museum, and zoo, here i come. 
is ready for my math SOL 2morrow! can't wait till WEDNESDAY because.... well i can't tell u because u will have to find out urself!! haha 
is ready for new adventures 
Is ready for our trip and even more ready for a move. 
is ready for summer!!! 
is ready for the good times! 
is ready for the weekend. This time we have Turkey - F1 I mean 
is ready for watching the formula 1... choc biscuits, some squash all whilst wrapped up in bed 
is ready to be with all the @freepeeps! Time for church 
is ready to celebrate Tyler's 19th birthday again @ funtastic 
is ready to cheer up each and every customer that walks into Lien this morning! 
is ready to get back home.  Tired of being hot! And I am ready for the TdF!  
is ready to get out of town! 
Is ready to go to the wedding 
is ready to hit the sack... this was a great night!  ready for another great day tomorrow!
is ready to ride the riverbed with tri friends.... despite the swim/run this morning... oh so insanely cold, but good... 
is ready to rumble  Ok allergist, I am coming to get you.  Be ready for my verbal attack.
is ready to see amazing things 
is ready to start her new job and fix up her car a little more 
is ready to study now 
Is ready to take Friday by storm!!!! 
is ready to work her charm that she just so happened to find?? and get her man tomorrow  psh, or at least try....
is realizing how much chicks dig me ... awesome! 
is really aware of God's favour on her life with provision!  the past week alone i got given a cellphone and a microwave!!! 
is really chuffed she found matt tucks twitter 
is really excited - I'm going to be an Aunty! 
is really excited about her almost finsihed room! 
is really gettin 2 chuck i now love it 
Is really getting on with things, I am happy with the progress 
Is really glad to have the next 3 nights off. 
is really looking forward to her jollies 
is really looking forward to Northern Digitals tomorrow night!!  @matthbooth: @northerndigital  http://www.northerndigitals.com
is really looking forward to seeing @TheConeZone &quot;Tonight Show&quot; premiere LIVE in the audeince!  
is really looking forward to the trip tomorow 
is really looking forward to the weekend only 8 hours till i go home 
is really looking forward to this Saturday night 
Is really loving the Tony Awards tonight~ I really want to be more of a theater person, I'll work on that.  Lol @ Neil Patrick Harris.
Is really really ready for dinner. 
is rebuilding, empowering, and connecting...find out more at www.boazandruth.com 
is receiving a stipend at Teiskontie 
is recording in gainnnngstavillle tommarow..or today.  night&lt;3
is recording. 
Is recovering after a very hectic night at work. Whew! lol! But I love my job!!!! 
is recovering from burning himself to cinders today...lotion is good! 
Is recovering from last nite's party &amp; going to a Pampered Chef party in a bit. Do you think they'll mind if I keep my shades on?? 
Is recovering from the cold, but am back to work. The trident forum realy helped. Just discovered Oprah.. flowing 
is reflecting. 
is refreshed.  and update'n her ipod to the EXTREAM XD haha
is rejoicing and jumping up and down. TOUCH MY HAND back to #1 on RX-DS!!! Good job!! 
is relaxed 
Is relaxin on a sunday, appreciating the little things today twitterbugs! 
Is relaxing ... listening 2 music  
is relaxing after working on Mothers Day.  Oh well. A good day had.  Hope you are all well 
is relaxing and having some ice cream 
is relaxing and watching Eastenders 
Is relaxing in bed for a while before I go to sleep. It was nice to get out of my house for a while tonight 
is relaxing now after she's done w/her ironing  http://plurk.com/p/xucm2
is relieved it's not mother's day in france 
is relieved to know that there will be a HSM4! 
is re-living season one of The Hills 
is reliving the old rochester days today! hello guildhall mueseum 
is relying to horoscope forecast these days, thanks to Eva for some astrologyzone links 
Is remembering the joy of Twitter and being back in the office 
is reminising the fight from when i went PCD  hhhaahah x
is re-sparknoting half blood prince 
is resting and preparing for CG tonight. 
is resting at home, because her dermatologist injected steroids into e area near e eyebrow there..hope it'll improve! 
is resting!!!! 
is reviewing notes for this morning's sermon, so he doesn't have to use them. He doesn't want to be a &quot;noted&quot; preacher in the brotherhood 
is revisin maths while searchin for skins on bebo  x
is revising and sunbathing! lovely weather don't ya think?? 
is revising.. yet again :/ so cannot make the most of the sunny weather which is a bummer. But at least les examens will be over soon 
is riding with the windows down and the sunroof open, oh how i love summertime. oh and the radio way up 
is rising and shining off to the hair shop 
Is rockin out to some Ramones at work. 
is rotting away at her desk. Would've been really down and out but thanks to YL, you made my day. You're the best support system - EVER! 
is running around trying to get everything ready before the campers get here 
is running out of things to do! Love the weather though 
Is running the blaydon race on tuesday... i think i will make it my last training session today 
is running to pick up some pizza at Pizza King and he's not sharing with his neighbor @colinhuckstep. Ha ha! 
is s0o childish hhe  http://plurk.com/p/vgmmb
is sad now  i'm sad that i have to call it a night now and leave the world of twitter... well i guess tomorrow is another day 
is sad that she has to sell her RV... BUT let me know if your interested!  http://chicago.craigslist.org/wcl/rvs/1202579643.html
is sad the weekend is almost over, wishes this particular weekend was a little longer. 
Is sad this weekend is over but am also happy that I got to spend it with my favorite people 
is sad.  (brokenheart) you might say.  http://plurk.com/p/p055x
is safely home after some wild texting-while-driving 
Is Santa with you? 
is Sat at College  &amp; is happy she has Passed Her performing Arts Diploma 
Is sat in her PJs drinking tea and watching the Politics Show. Lovely 
Is sat in IT tryin to figure out wtf to do on this lol  x
is sat in the garden with his brother 
is sat in the school reception 
Is sat in the sun on the beach 
is sat with rachel trying to find people 
is satisfied and pleased with her progress today.  #fb
is saving all my love for youuu whitney houston styleee haha &lt;3  
Is sawing down the wonky tree in her garden &amp; what glorious sunshine for the task... 
is sayin &quot; Woooo.. Well Done India.. You Did Brilliant  Yuvi is The Best ^^ CHAK DE INDIA 
is sayin @DJRudyP its twokay, i forgive 
is sayin i like tranny's as much as the next man... But three at one time wit a obviously gay man who think people don't know... Smh 
is saying &quot;hello world!&quot; come and connect with beautiful New Zealand - lets exchange the best of our culture and heritage with each other 
is saying goodnight and have a pleasant tomorrow 
is saying so long for now portland! Have a magical summer and we'll see ya in a few months!! 
is scanning in the purikura she just took   
is scared for her exams :S and about to watch the new Hills 
Is scared of Logan during The Hills! Haha we can't talk during the show! 
Is scrobbling using mobbler and last.fm. Pretty good idea really 
is searching a way to earn more money wihout work. 
is searching andrea 
is searching someone who cares with ME .. 
is secluded in the basement with the music blasting doing homework 
is seeing her boys at the pub tonight 
is seeing some evolution  - photo at http://twitxr.com/vitor500/updates/188517
is sehr proud she has finally got her hair in a bobble wowowowowowowowoowwoowo  how gay.
is sending Good Luck to Marisuca!!! 
is sending love and hope into the universe, hoping more hearts and minds open as the days go by 
is sending out a HELLO to her new followers. 
is sending out her secret summer santa swap today!!  Can't wait to get mine!! 
is setting his brand new Twitter account! 
is setting up her new macbook! 
Is Setting Up her twitter 
is shocked that Uist has some sunny weather! ...not complaining though 
is shocked tht were actually having nice weather in england! i like 
is shocked with how much her power bill is but God is still faithful 
is shoeless and off to joss whedon with max 
is shopping for more tunes.  
is showering  and out. tgif
is showering, doing a little shopping, then pickin up the boy from work 
Is showing @candygur how awesome updating from your phone is. 
is sick and tired of school work. it sucks. but i love my friends! 
Is sick of work messing me about. Going to see friends for a chat and a coffee 
Is sick to death of doing French prep. I feel like killing a bitch.  chgehcfncshvd
Is sightseeing in DC 
is signing in.. good afternoon everyone.. 
is SIGNING OUT...  http://plurk.com/p/uid28
Is sims 3 worth it? reply tweeterr 
is singing a lullaby for my daughter, night everybody 
is singing...leTz hAvE sUm FuN tHiS bEaT iS siiiK,i waNa taKE a RyD oN uR dIsC0 sTiiK!! 
is sipping on some Red wine, laying with Jayboo, and watching Edward Scissorhands. 
is sittin at th house watching tv 
is sittin at the house with logan! glad we won our games today and ready for the weekenddddd 
is sitting at Chocolat having water and lemon 
is sitting at her computer reading breaking dawn. I'm seriously addicted to this book at the moment 
Is sitting at home, once again...waiting for the boy to come home  Love You Baby ♥
Is sitting down to listen to the sermon. . . Probably need to listen 
Is Sitting Down Watching A Classic Film, With A Warm Rug And a Hot Chocolate, Aaah, What A Nice Way To Relax After a 48hr Work Week 
is sitting here in the truck with my dog Marley, watching the beautiful full moon... 
is sitting here watching Vance make food for her open house.  I'm cold.
is sitting in a quiet house, forgot what it was like to eat a yogurt and not have to share it   Heading to mom and dads house today...
is sitting in a sports bar listening to all the guys say ''ohhhh'' about the game..so i randomly said ''ohhhhh''...people then laughed. 
Is Sitting In Her Garden Soaking Up Some Of The Good Old English Rayss 
is sitting in her own office listening to music whilst the management team leads the work. i love letting go  who knew?
is sitting in the cutest cafe in vermont..  had a very long trip here but it was well worth it.
is sitting in the garden with her mum and becka  weather is gorgeous!
is sitting in the garden, what a beautiful day 
Is sitting in the lunch room on scarlet's iphone  me and scarlet love twitter ;).
Is sitting in the sofa, next to Kajn, we aint doing nothing wrong - but there's no rhyme  *flire*!
is sitting listening to music and watching her kitty 
is sitting on his new decking, drinking a lovely bottle of Red, and watching the sun go down... I am in heaven 
Is sitting on my bed with my laptop and iPod which are to perfect comninations to twitter away 
is sitting with Clover in the sun, last day in Fundy,  had a fun weekend 
is skipping along to (yet another) mad party.  what is so good about Sept that there are so many June babies?! 
is skype, or stickam?? either way lets chat! 
Is Skyping with family  
is sleeeeeeeepy. Such a good day 
is sleepily doing the window-shopping thing with the children at ToysRUs.. although they don't do the toy I want, we're all resisting 
Is sleeping at my dads house 
is sleeping in the new apartment tonight! Moving the rest of our stuff tomorrow after work 
is sleepless in Amsterdamn... this place is like a timewarp  #fb
is sleepy tired from a great night 
is sleepy.  Have a 100 things to do, laundry, pack, have breakfest with Megan, and then shopping for a new puppy for her new house. 
is sleepy. will say goodnight and go now...  http://plurk.com/p/ywuf1
Is slightly hungover after @namesnorris's party last night. Great night! 
is slightly hungover. Anyone for the pub? 
is slightly sun burnt!  its getting toasty 
Is slighty drunk. 
is slowly getting use to twitter!! 
is slowly persuading her firend to join twitter and stalk celebrities  come on girlies u know u want to!!!!!!!!!
is smiling.......nice stuff 
is snuggling with chaN mann watchinn a movieee. 
is so about to go to jail for murder... Hope you come visit!  Damn roommate..
is so anxious for thursday! I can't wait to see mike its been 3 and a half months! 
is so blessed with the preaching today   http://plurk.com/p/z2ipv
is so damn hot. Temperature wise. Work experience = so far, so good 
is so done with high school guys. can't wait till college 
is so enjoying the musical accompaniment of the new Gomez CD to the morning...making coffee and life taste its best 
is so excited about falls creek this year! one day babayy 
is so excited about how the house is coming together! Thank goodnes for the weekend 
is so excited about moving in 2 weeks 
is so excited about my new website coming soon. I'll let you know as soon as it's ready. 
Is so excited about tomorrow night!!! I can't wait to see my boys. 
is so excited after seeing the new FFXIII footage at #E3 
is so excited for Indie's big debut tomorrow! 
is SO excited for The Fray concert today!!!!!! Also wishing her baby good luck on her interview today 
is so excited for the weekend already! Storm match AND Wicked musical ANNNND Monday off work! Love long weekends. *sigh* 
is so excited for tommorows outing 
is SO excited for tonight because ARMY WIVES season 3 begins!!! AHHH! 
is so excited that there's a hobby lobby in layton, utah!! i can't wait 
is so excited to get his new puppy in the morning 
is so excited to see Britney tonight 
is so excited!! Ready for the awesomeness of the communal driveway! 
is so exhausted. Goodnight and God Bless. 
is so freakin bored....even with all to do i need a time out to have fun....or at least a drink lls 
is so freakin excited for @RyanSDrost to live here 
is so freakin tired of this stupid virus on my computer that norton didnt fix. but daves coming on the countdown soon, so thats good. 
is SO full! And my little sisters came over....had a blessed day 
Is so full. Too much Pansit, Pata Tim, Lee Foo Chicken and Lumpiang Shanghai. Katakawan much? 
is so glad her hubby told our &quot;guests&quot; not to come over tonight.  
is so glad i dont have to work tomorrow 
is so glad it's Friday and I get to spend the weekend with one of the bestest friends, ever! 
is so glad the graduation party is over and went well! Going to bed then off to see my cousin off to prom 
is so glad things are finally better. 
is so grateful to mr frank knuckles right now...thanks Fron K 
Is so happy about how the maths exam went! 5 done six to go  x
Is so happy cuz she just talked to her bestest friend ever after 1month 1week and 5days of fighting 
is SO happy for monique and jimmy! 
Is so happy his iPhone is back from the iPhone doctor and is feeling much better 
Is so happy its going to be a beautiful day 
is so happy its summer  cant wait till tomorrow!
is so happy Nona is visiting her! 
is so happy that diversity won britains got talent they really deserved it 
is so happy that Jack told me Bill Simmons had a twitter page (@sportsguy33).  Really just made my day 
is so happy that Jacob loved all his birthday gifts  
is so happy that tomorrow is friday!!  yay for playing with the roooomies
is so happy the UK is actually sunny - miracles do happen!! 
Is so happy to find Ness on Facebook and Twitter! 
is so happy today 
is so happyyyy!  enjoying these moments with my girls.
is so hungry... A Big Mac would do!!! 
is so in ah over adam lambert... he's a very talented guy...cant wait for his album 
is so on my janet jackson right now! 
Is so proud of her son  he is such a little man! I think he's superman!
Is so proud of her wee girl who walked half  way across the lounge all by her little ol' self! 
is so proud of herself! Bivariate Linear Regressions, here I come 
is so proud of the young ladies of Sisters in Strength- they did their THING today 
is so pumped for the Tony's tonight. 
is so ready to move into my apartment and start my own life 
Is so shocked - R.I.P Mr.Debbage .... A gr8 Biology teacher ... 
is so shocked atty. raymond fortun commented on my shots.  http://plurk.com/p/p5px0
is so sick of studying already! Can't wait 'til school is over 
Is so sleepy! It has been a long day of papillomas and Prions! Luckily twitter kept me sane!  G'nite people! PS. J'adore @samush!
Is so so happy the sun is out today  hope everyone has an awesome day.
is so so so so happy 
Is so thankful for my amazing mommy... Happy mothers day to all the amazing momma out there 
is so thankful for my friends 
is so thankful to God for allowing me to see the light of another day 
is so thirsty! drinky! 
is so tired after a busy hard working weekend. Is so ready to play!! 
is so tired! 
is so tired! but going shopping 
is so tired. Anyway, happy mothers day! 
is so tired....but summer time ball 
is so VERY happy about who her preceptor is at the hospital.  This gal is gonna ROCK!  She's good &amp; I'm glad.  
is so very happy. 
is so watching Blood the Last Vampire in the movies!  Woohoo!  http://plurk.com/p/xb7c5
Is soaking up the sun     xxx
is softball soon 
Is something wrong with Lola? Is that why I can't go faster? 
is soo glad emma on too keep him sane and talk about his problems 
is soo HAPPY !! i enjoyed watching &quot;drag me to hell&quot; with my love ones 
is soo happy his car is fixed! The anti-theft tripped itself so the engine wouldn't start. Cheap fix and it means no one can steal my car 
Is soo sore... AND TAN! But had an amaaazing day yesterday 
Is soo tired from burning midnight oil. Can't wait for bed to be delivered!  Today will be a great day! Optimism counts right?
is soon going to try out her costume for the carnival! 
is sooo bored. Im watching the american idol marathon... 
is sooo glad to see the sun 
is sooo tired after a late night! Heading to Pancakes Plus for brekkie with everyone tho 
is sooo tired Booo 
is soooo excited about trying out my new hookah piece and flavors. 
is SOOOO excited to see our article in print!!! 
is soooo glad not 2 be at work today 
is soooo haphapppy! seein my girlss tonite @jpedlb 
Is soooo Happy cos things have changed .. and 4 the better 
Is Soooo Happy Diversity Won ! They are sooo Talented, Wowzerrr they are Amazing !  &lt;3
is soooo over school...maybe sick..all week *evil laugh* 
is soooo ready 4 2morrow 
Is soooo ready to have the BEST Birthday ever 
is sooooo addicted of Bradley James!!! Does he have a twitter account? 
is SOOOOO freakin excited for tomorrow  it better be a special edition 
is sooooooo happy right now    *does the carlton dance*
is sooooooo Relaxed!!!!! What a great day I had 
is sooooooooo sleepy - need energy got the girls coming round tonight!! WOO!! 
is soooooooooooo happy atm  can't wipe that smile off my face even if you tried 
is sore but loves vfl and ovw..bring it on ...in lexington tomorrow for a house show ...yay lol 
is sorting out stuff for Dave Owen &amp; The Micktakers!  ... - Dave Owen.
is sorting out the media fiasco - AGAIN! Good thing i had a shakeaway or I'd  be panicking now 
is spending a saturday night at home. i'm just glad that theres tons of chocolates at home 
is spending a whole day at home with mom 
is spending all day bonding with my little 
is spending her last night before Europe at Main Event with her babe!! 
is spending sunday with big family.. It's grandma's belated birthday lunch..  http://myloc.me/2ScT
is spending the afternoon listening to Frank Sinatra or watching Jack Lemmon movies (with wine &amp; cigar) ! Wish I could do this EVERY day! 
is spending the weekend with her honey! leave a message after the beep. 
is spending time with  her friend therese...   http://plurk.com/p/y5j4k
is spending time with my sis. 
is spending too much time on fbs farmtown and yoville...really need to get a life 
is spendingg time with ness 
is spongebob squarepants.  http://plurk.com/p/xergi
is stalking taylor lautner on the internet  x
is stalking the hills crowd 
is stalking, I mean 'following' TAPS on twitter now.. sigh I'm such a TAPS addict! 
is standing over Nudge until she twitters! 
Is starting eclipse. 
is starting her new project... 
is starting her shift, short shift &amp; off tmrrw, finally! 
is starting homework, and baking cookies&amp;watching bride wars. 
is starting to get this whole Twitter thing! 
is starting to look dark  Ready for some volleyball tonight!
is starting to realize he has so many things to do and the universe just isn't cooperating with time lines. 
is starting work the 11th and offically starting my 40 hours a week the 15th..... yay!! its gonna be exhausting 
is starving so going to get some food 
is starving, so he'll just eat some snacks. lol 
is staying home tonight jadi good boy 
is staying home tonight. 
is staying in bed a bit longer this morning. 
is staying up all night watching FRIENDS. Wow 
is stil exceptionally made at him caught on camera.... but then cant wait to see him on tuesday 
is still alone at home. Sheez  What http://plurk.com/p/x8t9e
is still amused from last night lol!  about to study for my english final.
is still at work.  nyar~
Is still EXCITED from seeing the Magic's advance to the finals...yeah boy! 
Is still happy about the victory yesterday!   
is still hungover..... 
is still in bed 
is still in college.. just got back from dinner break.. was sat in shells garden in the sun with a pot noodle 
Is still in denver with my bestie kait and the night is still young 
Is still in JA mode - need some pep inmy step! in the meantime u should do some shopping www.urbanvintagestyle.etsy.com! 
is still in my pjs how cool i love having a week of work 
is still laying in bed 
is still not into twittering a lot yet. but is sure she will in the coming week 
is still obsessed with getting Misfits shoes. Hopefully buying a pair in July. 
is still quite low key, but excited about a few gigs in next months she's not even allowed to talk about yet 
is still rocking out to Green Day. @ayi, oo. alam ng lahat yan.  fact of life. divine law na baliw si jane. wahaha.
is still rooting for orlando magics  http://plurk.com/p/xcsm4
is still sick but made it through the first day of camp and talked to her two fav people on the phone just now 
is still sleepy, Steven just left to go to work. 
is still trying to fall asleep, but cant stop her fingers off her mobile. Thank you wi-fi. 
is still trying to figure out Twitter. 
is still up laying in bed, next too... 
is still VERY sleepy! But, South Beach was well worth it! 
is still very tired. another soccer game monday 
is still waiting for my number 2 transfer onto my new sim card 
Is still walking at the relay for life. 
is still watching LOVE OR BREAD!  episode 3 plng (LOL) http://plurk.com/p/y50g1
is still working out this twitter thing 
is still working!!!!! I am 'hopped up' on life and art  and love and....life (oh, already said that 
is stirring...chatting w/Maya (y'all didn't know cats talked huh? LOL)...tea time &amp; b'fast...good Saturday morning y'all 
is stocked to go to brittas bay tomorow 
is stoked to pick out an apartment tomorrow 
is stranded with her band in Denver Colorado... but the show was great and Relient K gave us free shirts. That makes it a little better 
is straying from work cos it's so close to 5pm. 
is struggling to get motivated. WAAAAY too much to get done today. Ok, off to make a huge juice to start me off. Happy Sunday 
is studing math ;) tomorrow exam and dentist 
Is studying economy and pkn. Wish my spirit keep up! 
is studying for her ROM exam tomorrow. Fixing to hit the hay. TGIF! 
is studying in her garden, listening to old school Paolo, wishing to be on disney..away from uni exams! 
is studying on Job 22.. and discussing them with Lj! God is Awesome! 
is stuffed with izzo's. 
is stunned that he now works for Oracle and has no idea what this will mean to his job 
is suggesting people to just sit in the shower and think for at least 10 minutes. Try it! Keeps me in check when I need to relaxxx 
is sunbathIng today 
is sunburnt, singing and doing my laundry  Life is not bad...
Is sunburnt, tired, and overall happy with how the day went.  Time to curl up with a good movie and a snack.
Is sunning it up in Victoria Park with @jessica_louise_ and @lspringate 
Is sunny day. I feel like i want be at the beach...maybe Orange County...or Miami beach. Wtf i have a pool 
is suntanning in the hot sun on her laptop 
is super bored &amp; wants someone fun to call her 
is SUPER DUPER loving the RAINRAINRAIN!   http://plurk.com/p/y5ne3
is super excited about tmr! 
Is super excited for today!!! 
is super excited to be moving into mA neW houSE   &lt;3 u rOOmie ~!~
is super exciting about getting a new car!! 
is super happy ethan fixed her pc 
is super happy right now 
is super productive today! I am proud of myself! Yays! 30 mins more to leave office 
is super pumped for the first day of finals!  ohhhhhhh love it 
is super tired....tweet y'all tomorrow!!  Night Night...
is suppose to be studying 
is supposedly awake...will confirm lata   Thanx 2 Monday Michiru, got &quot;Superfly&quot; stuck in my head...g'morning y'all:  http://bit.ly/zwRD8
Is SURE she'll be pulling an all-nighter. Oh well, I can sleep all I want afterward 
is surprise. Samuel (a 6 year boy from church) saved a chocolate bunny for me. I told him last week my dad wouldn't send me one.     .
Is surprisingly busy this morning 
is sweaty after a hard wok out so off 4 a shower!!!!!  x
is takin' a quick Rockband break in between house cleaning 
Is takin it down a notch tonight boozin at my girls crib tonight hot tub 
is taking a break again  and watching. http://plurk.com/p/oymd4
is taking a break from wedding photos, 1 hour till Jessica and Alex tie the knot! The photos are going well! 
is taking a deep breath and i know everything will be ok. 
is taking a lazy morning in honor of her typist's 4th decade of life.   http://plurk.com/p/xe4sh
Is taking a lesson in romantics 
Is taking a mid afternoon break before smashing in some more studying 
is taking a much needed break from social networking.  If you need me, call me! 
is taking a nap while waiting for her McDonald's goodies.  YAY.
is taking a short break from the works of Miss Janet Evanovich &amp; checking out some Jodi Picoult 
is taking a shower ...see ya in a bit @explosivityy! 
Is taking a well deserved break!  No cleaning, No homework, just sitting on my butt watching t.v.! It will all begin again tomorrow! 
is taking advantage of the great weather 
is taking care of a baby squirrel 
is taking Ethan and Ryder to playgroup this morning 
is taking pics of a dying fish.  Autopsy, soon. Who wants pics? 
is taking the dog to the vet then a play date with Annabelle 
is taking the train with early morning riser Thomas  http://yfrog.com/59n7aj
is taking vitamin c (ascorbic acid) atleast, twice a day. 
is talkin 2 court on the phone. 
is talking a guyyyy who i like veryy much. then laundry then bed. 
Is talking on the phone. 
is talking to arianna WOO-HOO 
Is talking to Karlee on aim cracking up!! Haha  I need food
is talking to serina on msn  &amp;&amp; i enjoyed todaii wif serina and sam &lt;33 xx
is talking to the girls and boys on skype 
is talking with Karin on skype 
is talkingg shitt 
Is tanning on the deck with the puppy lol! So nice out! But could be hotter 
Is tanning outside in his underwear on his trampoline 
is telling scary stories with the family 
is testing Jabber.cz &lt;-&gt; twitter transport. And it's more cool than before 
is testing out the facebook application for twitter?  And listening to some awesome piano playing 
is testing the twitter module on the new site 
is testing TweetDeck 
is texting 
is thankful - the person who spoiled tonight's #Dollhouse edited their post. Thanks  Still, spoilers before we've all seen it = uncool
is thankful for a good start to a great week ahead! 
Is thankful for another day in paradise! 
is thankful for good friends and good conversations.  
is thankful for some quality time spent with @jonelswick, my twin sis, and my broski.  They make me belly laugh!  I love a good laugh!
is thankful for the morning rain 
is thankful it is the weekend... 
is thanking everyone for FF, I had a very busy Friday so I couldn't really participate as much as usual, I still love you guys 
is thanking GOD every single day.. 
Is thanking my Mackem friend for the twitterfon advice 
is thanking the Lord for all of his blessings... ...especially the one with red hair. :*)  
Is that BGT rubbish over now? 
is that coffee i smell? yes it is! 
Is that Dr. CORY FELDMAN on our TV?  
is that hungry ive got a headache, might go fix up some food 
Is that me? 
Is that my name up on that list? Does someone know that I exist? 
Is that the same cow from that meat place or the cow parade hit SD? 
is the @MrAdamLambert the real one now? There's so many fake Lamberts out there, would be such great to have the real one here! 
is the b-day girl!!! 
is the birthday girl  woot.woot. i'm 19 !
Is the day over yet? Just watched the 2nd teaser of a teaser for MW2. It's going to be a long wait. 
is the happiest girl ever at the moment  ! x
is the inkly person tweeting 
is the most annoying person everrrrrrrrrr love kaitlin 
is the New York Foundling SI DRC's new clinician 
Is the porn photo used by spam Twitterers really Britney? Just curious - I block them too fast to get a good look especially at work... 
Is the power out? Haha cause there are blackouts lol goodnight sweet world. Its time to say goodbye. Fun day. See ya all at church  sleep!
is the proud owner of a beautiful marionette 
is the walk talk acid..  @TheRealIngrosso
is theming a drupal website for one of your good Belgian partners, keep 'em comming 
Is ther some cousin rumour going around about @Warder and @Mrc1149? If there is; stop kthx. 
Is there a #restrainingorder available for stalkyfriday... I mean #followfriday ? 
Is there a better app for the iPhone than twitterfon?  just wondering! HAPPY SUNDAY 
is there a hairdresser online now? please write 
Is there a party tonight? Fer sure.  no party without me. YEAH!
Is there a Twitter homily quotation filter?!? Don't you wish you had one? 
is there anyway the week can go by faster...i want saturday to come 
is there gonna be #bacon at the #zappnlaunch ?  
Is there Twitter for francophones?  Maybe I would tweet more en fran�ais 
is thing-king again 
is thinkin abt the couple we met last nite..they've been 2gether 60 years &amp; gave us some great advice for a happy married life..amazing 
is thinkin its moofie time with muh daddy  Spiderman3 it is! I'm really gonna miss this in the fall :/
is thinkin that some ladies should add me yo 
Is thinking a day by the pool 
Is thinking a lot lately. College, ASL, Summer!, majors. Three more days. 
is thinking about @mileycyrus and @mitchelmusso 
is thinking about doing a LAW exam online.... you know just for kicks! (Tracey wanna help??  )
is thinking about going back to school again. One person in particular keeps inspiring me..... 
is thinking about going out into the garden for a hour or so. The sun looks so nice &amp; warm. I could daydream about mr.P Stumph! 
is thinking about Hedo Turkoglu!! 
is thinking about how awesome seeing the blues in stockholm would be! 
is thinking about my new business cards anf leaflets. 
is thinking about packing her case for her jollidayssss  
is thinking about the power of a smile... 
Is thinking about Warped Tour 09' 
is thinking about what to do today..... ummmm 
is thinking about........ hahahahahaha....... It's a secret 
is thinking 'Bad Weather' is great for Business !    and is TRYING to have a Sunday Off Work !........................
is thinking bout yoo 
is thinking hair black or brown i think black hair already brown 
is thinking having a bazillion FB friends has its advantages - thano you all for the birthday wishes!! 
is thinking her twitter needs sprucing up, ask me questions in replies? i'll answer them all 
is thinking i have a crush 
is thinking if she's gonna BigSky tonite  http://plurk.com/p/ouni2
is thinking it's gonna be a fabulous day at the Oasis at the market! 
is thinking JUST DO IT  - turn nike + sensor into a keyless car entry system...  http://ping.fm/5I0vw
is thinking of all the things she had to do today and is thankful to God for her beautiful family and friends  Birmingham tomorrow HUGE!
Is thinking of getting her belly pierced very very soon 
is thinking of going out in a tick 
is thinking of having a date with diana and fisheye on my bday  i super miss them..
is thinking of planning a trip 
is thinking of what to do next, musically... i have done a dreamy acoustic song and a piano-based cover... maybe mexican ??? 
is thinking on and on ... mmm....... Ok! am in .. Welcome me at TWITTER 
is thinking pj's &amp; movies all day because it's yucky outside  relaxing for a long day tomorrow! can't wait for jersey &lt;3
is thinking raquel reed is stunning 
Is thinking she might need a walk in a bit. Its too nice to stay inside! 
Is thinking that i mite nt be abel to sleep till @andyandyahh n crew get hme. Crap -tori 
is thinking that it's time to get some ink done  I know I have been saying this for awhile now, but I really want some new ink D
is thinking that Latvia is in deeeeeeeeeep sh***it  and then 50% want to leave the country for good  Cool 
is thinking that SW:TOR will consume all life when it is released. and still can't wait 
is thinking to myself... &quot;now is not the time to panic, it's just a famous person watching you&quot; OMG I'm FLIPPING OUT! 
is thinking what to have for lunch! hmmm! holiday in 2 days 
is thirsty.... think i may have some iced tea 
Is this a good offer? Laptop Geteway 4G memory, 320 Hard drive, Intel Pentium. I need geeks here 
Is this a personal interest or new project @jcyr? Should I start calling you Donald? 
Is this BBQ weather or not?  Bring on the wine and light up the coals (well maybe later after work  )
Is this the best new FPS at the moment in terms of pure fun factor? *Help Aliens!* from _Marjupi Games_? 
Is this the last full week of school? 
is this the opposite of Jdate? http://bit.ly/Z37la  
is this working for you? I hope so 
is thoroughly amused at her rents arguing over some shitty doors 
is three hours from home! Just started heading east on the last stretch of road!   *Tawsha Marie*
is thrilled to see that June is such a badass  *blunke*
Is thrilled to welcome @buschpetproduct to the Wiggle Wag reseller family!   
is throwin rolls 
Is tickled that Gov. Schwarzenegger is following her. Ok, me and 60,000 other random people, but still tickled.  
is tidying, hoovering, cleaning and polishing the house to surprise dadddy and christine. 
is tiedye shirt and short pants. 
Is time to eat 
is tired after a long beach day after a great night a Fundação Serralves and just before Porto have won the Portuguese Futball Cup  j
is tired after a long hard day at school-ark clothing next week 
is tired after playing basketball with the little brother  he won...lol...
Is tired and a little hungover but had an AMAZING night and breakfast  bring on tonight! haha (:
is tired and going to lay in bed and watch tv until i fall asleep! Night everyone! 
is tired and still has a headache...ADVIL here I come 
Is tired and will go to bed.  Night, night.
is tired before 1? =O Probably passed out by 2. Looong day tomorrow, then a shitty day, then weekend. 
is tired but cba to sleep 
is tired but happy because she saw someone that brighten up her day: NIKKI DIA!!!  http://plurk.com/p/xmdgw
is tired from a long great day at Branson's!!!   
is tired from licking tory's taint all last night. I love that hairy Greek god! 
is tired from our soccer game we kicked butt in(7-1) 
is tired today. Can't wait for the holidays to begin 
is tired, but had a good day 
Is tired, but so, so happy 
is tired, grumpy &amp; feels like sh*t...so just gonna have a little strop to myself before todays stage starts...then all will be well again 
is tired, only 66 more days 
is tired. &amp; wants to go to sleep na. let's call it a day! GOOD NiGHT ppl!  http://plurk.com/p/z4gfh
is tired. Spent all day: cleaning, making a garden, watching UP, eating @Denny's, and then dancing the night away with my friends 
Is tired.kind of fatigued,and drained.need a duvet day 
is tirrredd and thats all i have to say. 
Is toastin it  waitin 4 andy t cum back from gym then hopefully can set the xbox live back up!!!! Fingers crossed!!!!!!
Is tomorrow going to be a good day? Of course it is!! 
is too excited for tomorrow to sleep, even though i should try after today's craziness. haha. 
is too warm to sleep. Ace day. Loved my early birthday presents 
is totally new overhere and doens't know how it all works yet.. strange little community 
is totally not gona do any work for the next 2 nights 
is totally wearing grinch boxers 
is tottally gettin hyped. got my singing voice back wooo  happy times. ps. coffee is good.
is treating herself to a fabulous breakfast  great energy to burn at the gym 
is trekkin' over to maria's! 
is truly amazed at what the Lord will do when u set ur focus on serving those around u! He is so good! 
is trying out the medium fish.  hehehehe! It's so cool. Oh wait, no IM COOL! 
is trying out twitter. 
is trying something new  #fb
is trying to actually use this... so she is at work and then will be going out to dinner for the BFF's bday tonight!!! Happy Hour please 
is trying to be PATIENT  God, please give me a big heart so i can forgive them...
is trying to close her mind off for the nightt. lets hope it works ladies and gents. 
is trying to feel motivated enough to finish categorising clothes and organizing her wardrobe - it's awfully uninspiring 
is trying to figure out how to change my phone number...otherwise Mark's new user name is gonna be hidapriscila 
is trying to figure this out, while taking care of all the STAND stuff he needs to do 
Is trying to find a decent MMA training facility...HELP ME!!! 
is trying to find anything other than revision to do! roll on thursday 
is trying to find her a spiderman.... cause superman is on steriods and anyone can be batman.... only one person can be my SPIDERMAN! 
Is trying to get back asleep! 
is trying to get in the habit of using 1st initial names. random but whatevs 
is trying to learn SOX &amp; PCI...any help is welcome 
is trying to make this sunday last 48hours 
is trying to plan a roadtrip to Portland in November to see Celtic Thunder! 
is trying to remember why I joined Twitter...Oh yeah, NBA Playoffs 2009, Viktorio, &amp; Ellen! 
is trying to sing the @JonasBrother 's song for an event , Lovebuuuggg  wowow wish me luck peeps!
is trying to think of something easy and cheap for dinner.  Obviously not into putting a lot of effort out 
is trying to understand Twitter 
is trying to work on her dad letting her get a Dolmation puppy  although would be happy with any puppy tbh lol =]
is trying to work out how to use twitter lolz 
is trying to work out how to work twitter..... help pls! 
Is trying to work this thing out 
Is tucked up in bed 
is tuned in to Lori Wyman's &quot;Motivational Mondays&quot; teleconference! I am READY to take ACTION!! 
is tweeting now..I guess 
is tweeting outdoors 
is tweeting! Missed you guys.  
is tweeting.  la magawa e.
Is Twitter acting up for any one else - or am I just the lucky one? 
Is Twitter the enemy (or do we just mock what we don't understand)?   http://bit.ly/1kepu Good blog post - warning: over 140 characters 
is twitter+facebookalcoholic!!! 
is twittering  had a gorgeous day! the weather was great, love you meg! big time stomach ache right now though tbh!  yuumy roast for tea!
is twittering just for Cecil 
is twittering just for Nicole  ..Entourage was awesome.. I &lt;3 Vince lol
is twittering, something she hasn't done in such a long time! 
is twittin' while my baby girl sleeps 
is uber excited for the MTV Movie Awards &amp;&amp; the New Moon Trailer!  team jacob all the way.
is umm...i dunno 
Is unfortunately going to school .. &amp; MTV awards were awesome! 
is ungrounded 
Is unpacking, drinking wine and rockin' out to Kings of Leon.....swoon 
is unwinding with a glass of wine  Last assignment for Australia!!!
is up &amp; heading out for a nice walk in a bit.....great day outside! 
is up after a long night and watching her favourite Home Alone movie.. 
is up after being drugged to sleep. Nyquil is being renamed to &quot;Magic In A Bottle&quot;. Yes yes! Dude I slept lovely 
is up and about  , off  to do some serious shopping 
Is up and at church. We are 30 minutes early. We are the first ones here. Yeah us!! 
is up and at'em  what a GORGEOUS day! 
is up and at'em gonna vacuum my pool it is no longer green 
is up and getting ready for church 
is up and has a couple hours before I head to work and once again have a long NIGHT...It's alright though because it is ALMOST over! 
is up and in the garden. Sunning herself 
is up and moving.  . Graduation tonight and seeing my Love.
Is up and ready for another day.. 
is up and ready to have a gooood day with her bestie  
is up early boutta plant grass with mah pops . . . hopefully we done by 11:30 cuz I gots someone I wanna see 
is up early. I'm going to come with my Sister get her licensce today. Maybe we'll even go to Powerplant 
Is up eating bananas &amp; oranges and watchin family matters after I just got out the tub, I feel good!  goin nite nite soon...
is up for school :| can't wait till next thursday...lie ins till septemberrr 
Is up on a sat!! I can't b this this excited about today!! Plz nerves let me sleep another 3 hrs!! 
Is up very very early for no reason,but i think ill watch the sunrise with God this morning  how wonderful 
is UP!    not sure what i'm doing today, but it'll be productive...
Is up. &amp; ready to take on this work week.  Shower time
is up. going to pick my love up from work....then headed home later today. can't wait to see my mommy &amp; sister. 
is up. morning everyone 
Is up... still in pain! However im gunna clean my car anyways  I am determined to do keep fit today blisters or no blisters!
is update status  http://plurk.com/p/ytprj
Is updating 
is updating ant ipod  rock n roll
Is updating C:T's marketing collateral 
is updating google calendar for @transbelfast events, then outside with chemistry&amp;french books. lovely  exam hall was sweltering!
is updating her Twitter for Whitty Whit 
is updating my multiply account.. 
is updating silasCMS  new profile page coming up!
is upload video geje di youtube  http://plurk.com/p/rqaoe
is uploading a new video on youtube! 
is uploading his new profile-photo  http://bit.ly/YJHKm  - I think it´s ok
is uploading new still life and portrait photos.  http://plurk.com/p/ubo44
is uploading photos even through his sleep. 
is uploading pics on Facebook... 
is uploading pics on her facebook profile... how exciting!!! hehe...   At least Im relaxing at home now.....
is upset with the Cavs...but happy she doesn't have to deal with Bre'Asia anymore!!!! 
Is using Dexpro ... doesn't seem to use a lot of memory even after one night, i like having multiple desktops 
is using notebook during bath a sign of addiction? ...naaah, I don't think so... 
is using twitter from her phone for the first time 
is using TwitterFon 
is vert excited about New Moon!   comes out two days before my birthday too! yay xx
Is very curious right now 
is very excited for the 2009-2010 plays....oh...ever so excited! 
is very excited for tomorrw  good work out today! gonna chill today! love you liam!
is very excited, SkyHD is coming today 
Is very full 
is very grateful to the phantom cleaner in my house  i now can sleep in tomorrow ta!
Is very happy and doesnt care anymore 
Is very happy there's no fourth. No fourth means no gettysburg movie 
is very happy to have found warren ellis on twitter  (no one else can get away with saying 'good morning sinners' quite like him)
is very happy to see an email from someone in very well known corporation appreciating all the work I do.   Sweet
is very happy with the Wings start in the playoffs! Now, it's bedtime! 
is very jealous of his friends who got tickets to go to the Xmen movie world premiere in Tempe tonight.    // cool http://gykd.net
is very lucky 
is very motivated to finish her holiday assignments right now. 
is very pleased with her new dinner set purchase from DJs.. watch out for me on tv!! Film crew watched me buy!! 
Is very thankful for her amazing friend @m3r3h because she's helping him choreograph at 630am. 
is very thankful for the 3 years 
is very tired after a loooong day at old peoples home.. but happy! Tomorrow is day off from work 
is very tired after a restless night and cant go to bed early as i have people coming over for some alcohlic berverages  and some movies
is very tired, but excited for her interview at sephora today! 
is very tired...... i would like to go to bed now, I miss Alexander .... My mommy is watching him tonight so I can rest....  Goodnight ..
is very tired/and over stupid shit in her life.  awesome! gah. im such a smart ass. wow this lotion smells like heaven. kbye!
is very upset with @alster10 because he's just so pffffft's  take that bizznatch ! 
is very very sleepy.. Thinking about her mister..  Wish he was here.. Heading to bed soon. Such a loser.. Stayed home on a Friday night.&lt;3
is very very tired, and will be helping Andy Pandy move house today 
is VERY, VERY excited for her best friend to come to LA in five days 
Is very, very happy with the way Dell handled his complant  Laptop tomorrow!!!! Thank you Dell!
Is veryveryvery happy! 
is visiting his friend Kelly Jones and watching Yes Man. 
is voting for the teen choice awards 
is waitin for the next games of IPL..hopefully the rain stops 
is waiting at the bus stop to go home. I love hawaii! 
is waiting for a package from Sir David 
is waiting for brian to come on msn so we can work things out 
is waiting for clio to pick me up to go to Santa Cruz. 
Is waiting for Foreigner start 
is waiting for her cousins to come by... and checking FB... as usual. 
Is waiting for her Holidayyyy 
is waiting for her takeaway 
is waiting for her tea mmm chinese...my diet is ruined 
is waiting for him to come back! well it's only 2 months 
is waiting for holidays 
is waiting for Izzy to get out of class, then it's off to Izzy's banquet and Old Town Pasadena with the sister 
is waiting for joe to finish work so we can go to th gym 
is waiting for mark to buy some bacon so we can have bacon and eggs and toast for breakfast. im HUNGRY!!!!! bring on the food 
is waiting for my friend lizzie to get here, and then going out 
is waiting for my hard-earned mmoooolllaaaa...  http://plurk.com/p/110r4x
is waiting for Rock Band 2 to come in mail, and is looking forward to new Mario, Metroid &amp; Zelda games for Wii! 
is waiting for September to come... NEW FTSK ALBUM! &amp;&amp;&amp; They're releasing a deluxe ed. of Underdog Alma Mater with a DVD as well in July! 
is waiting for summer to come! Marching band  &lt;3
