mm SpinDip came out nice  ..k, now I can be merry
mm today was goood  finallly almost happy. summer so soon.
Mm yay breakfast 
mm, green tea. 
Mm, I have an appointment with my LOVELY BED! Taking some chamomile tea and my journal with me, gonna be so much fun!  Till tomorrow...
mm, iceeecream and oreosssss 
mm, I'm exciteddd 
Mm, Mushroom lasagna. It reminds me of Taos in New Mexico. Good memories. 
mm. just got out of the shower. gonna do some tone-sises. TOMORROW, tennis. 
Mm.. fried green beans. 
Mm..I'm craving cereal right nowwww 
Mmhhmm. John Mayer and The Format.  roadtrip soundtrack.
mmhmm. this is good 
mmhmmm. who keeps forgetting to update this sucker? MEEEE! lolz. at work  and listening to &quot;whatta man&quot;
mmk. gonna actually try and sleep now.  don't hold your breath @_@
Mmkay so my bio teacher didn't collect the lab reports SO my crisis is overrrr 
mmkay. so monday=johns last day end of courses this week. then john graduates then exams. then summer 
mmkk work in the morning  yayyhh
Mmm  cinnamon buns at 6am
Mmm 5.5 hours, over 100 dollars a night? Okay 
Mmm bacon lol  wonder if i should go outside
Mmm baking today. 
mmm bed early, goodnight 
Mmm can't wait to go to CeBIT Australia 2009  fuck yeah!
mmm cherry limeade. I treated my mom and myself to Sonic 
Mmm chocolate chip cookies  Thank you @rachelashley09
Mmm cinnamon toast crunch for breakfast!       now work time :|
mmm cleanliness 
mmm cupcakes :] p.s. i'm officially going to blink 182, fall out boy, &amp; panic at the disco, AND honor society! 
Mmm Dove (its a galaxy in a foriegn language). I've tried foriegn food! 
Not FTSK related BUT...ooooh, I just found out they're making a 5th Bring It On  lol
Not giving in to peer pressure and just being able to say no is something I take great pride in. 
Not goin to work so i'm goin back to sleep instead 
Mmm enjoying the best coffee i've had since PDX 
mmm experimenting w/making lemon shortbread, not right yet but cookies still good. hard to make butter and sugar taste bad 
mmm french toast 
Mmm going tanning outsidee 
Mmm good ending to a lame night.  goodnight. Meeting at 730am. Blahh
mmm goodnight 
mmm green t-shirt smell 
mmm homemade cheesecake. Yes, I can bake 
mmm i love the smell of Friday's in the morning 
mmm I took an angelfood cake. cut it, put quince &amp; Rose petal jelly in it. then covered it w/ lemon curd. Nice Beltane cake 
mmm i would like to have three extra scenes with jacob yummy. LOL 
Mmm iced coffee 
Mmm it'll be nice to sleep in my own room tonight 
mmm just made brownies 
Mmm lemon berry slush, that made my morning better 
mmm lovely cuppa coffee.i like having my own private coffee machine  
mmm lunch was delicious. time to go on an adventure/cruise. goodbye 
mmm makin' some suga crÃªpes and hot chocolate mmmmmm, then sleepin' happy, 'night everyone! 
Mmm midnight snack: oatmeal, toast, cranrasberry juice...&amp; yes last twitter tonight promise  night buddies.
mmm mOLe  w/ my babyy &amp; famiLy
Mmm my office smells like chocolate 
mmm OJ, scrambled eggs w/ cheese and toast  GILMOREGIRLS TOO! ahhh. this day is amazing.. now if i could only get the dryer to work.
Mmm oreo cookies with milk .. my fave 
Mmm pepperoni hot pockets are deliiiissh!!! and southpark is freakin hilarious 
Mmm pinkberry-esque yogurt. Not quite the real thing but close enough  http://yfrog.com/10wv4j
Mmm prov for yumyums 
Mmm quiche. 
Mmm Shaun smith 
Mmm shower and in bed now. Goodnight world.  sleep tight.
mmm strawberries for lunch! Now I'm starting a new paper on advanced disassembling techniques 
Mmm Strawberries. Mmm Coffee. Sometimes I feel like an addict.  God I love Music, if there's a better reason for living I ain't found it!
mmm strawberry cables 
Not going to play #spymaster http://playspymaster.com/ because i donot want  to assassinate anybody!  Rest of you, keep assasinating! 
Not going to point to the site...Found a few places where if I put PHP code in my twits it executes on their sites  Resists the Evil...
not going to prom  haha
Not going to school this week. Can't wait until the weekend. 
NOT GOING TO SCHOOL TOMORROW!  Coz of Medieval Day. Tell me how it goes 
not going to school tomorrow. 
Not going to the referendum on equality among danish queens and kings. Witch BTW is a contradiction in terms 
not gonna lie.... i feel weird so far.... but im always scared to do stuff alone so my friend suggest i do something alone 
mmm Streetlight!  'Keasby Nights' my favorite song!! it's sexy ska!
mmm sun (L) sat in the garden soaking it in 
Mmm sushi gen always has and prepares the best ankimo -- never stingy on the ponzu 
mmm thanks @bsbodden for leaving food in my fridge 
Mmm that carne asada burrito was good 
mmm waffles and beans... 
Mmm warm in bed.  Ew for work tmrw!  Thank god its my last 2 days 
Mmm wasabi coated peanuts! Burns so good 
mmm writing a 5-7 minute oral due tomorrow, just started 
Mmm, bacon and eggs plus toast and jam for brekkies.   Now just to ignore the pain and get to work :-/
Mmm, free donuts.  I love when vendors have questions for the engineers. 
Mmm, Iced Venti Italian soda with Vanilla, Raspberry and Breve.  Yum!  Okay, another fave Starbucks drink 
Mmm, james bond on saturday night live. I like 
Mmm, lol I still could have done it this past week, it's all good though. Next time. 
mmm, maybe time for a nap? lovin lazy days 
Mmm, now 4 an ice cold beer 
mmm, off to eat taco!  bye xx
Mmm, poppets are way nicer than too many bags of carrots :L  tweet
mmm, strawberries and blueberries with strawberry ice cream. tasty. 
Mmm, Tom Hanks and Green Day on Conan tonight~ 
mmm, what a nice night. Good times with good people. GOODnight  Sleep sounds oh so sweet right now.
mmm. alone in the atmosphere. 
mmm. carrot juice. 
mmm. cinnamon toast crunch to start the day 
mmm. marshmellows. anyway, i'm wanting a thunderstorm right now. in the meantime, crazyshit.com here i come! 
mmm. On the fone wit him 
Mmm.. Lasagna and salad - thanks daddyo  &lt;3
mmm.. pasta for breakfast!  wanna see a picture?
Mmm... coffee 
Mmm... eating a slice of Apple Strudel!!! 
Mmm... Flannel pajamas are one of the small joys in life. 
mmm... hot chocolate, ugboots and topgear... life is good. 
Mmm... Mojitas in the sun with @moseme  happy times!
Not gonna use twitter,facebook, or myspace for a week....so text/call me if u need me 
not great to look atb ut but boy cant she sing!! 
Looks like Nick Cave's playing glasto 
Looks like no L4D dlc yet tonight. I'll try again tomorrow 
looks like our game might be canceled. d**n storms -_- if it's not though...the adults better be prepared to get their butts kicked! 
Looks like rain in the next hour, I have to plant out some veggies, am I brave enough to do that in my PJs or not 
Looks like sales this month aftermath will be a new revenue record for me 
looks like someone has the CASE OF THE MONDAYS 
Looks like the Caps - Pens series is going to be an interesting one. Wishing I could be in DC to see a game... Let's go CAPS!  #nhl
Mmm... Monster Javas are good... 
Mmm... Roast pork w/fresh mozzarella.  http://yfrog.com/5f9pfj
Mmm.... PB&amp;J for lunch!  
Mmm.... the cake is Not a lie 
mmm..... going to a meeting at a wine farm tomorrow in stellenbosch.... yum 
mmm........nothing 
Mmm...birthday cake and mint chocolate chip ice cream!  http://twitpic.com/67kwd
mmm...fake meat sausage links, flax seed waffles and a cherry dr pepper for breakfast.  
Mmm...Gerard Butler 
Mmm...hopefully the London and Paris plan works  I wanna go mum!!!
Mmm...nice tall glass of organic milk n then off to church 
mmm; heath ledger. 
Mmmh havin pancakes 4 breakfast... What a perfect way to start a day 
mmmh....Lalalalaaa...you are my guilty pleasure  
Mmmm 8 ft pool filled with cool water glistening in the garden with water guns &amp; cocktails. What else could i need over this hot wkend?!? 
mmmm amaretto and coke. long day at work of laying sod...stayed late too. i really needed it (the drink)...AND this pork chop too!! yum! 
Mmmm baby back ribs 
mmmm blended mint chip mocha 
Mmmm boobs, want a cuddlecuddle with boobs 
mmmm buttery toast 
Mmmm Chili's .... My breakfast/lunch 
Mmmm clean sheets... Snugasabuginarug 
Mmmm coffee 
mmmm croissants for breakfast again, it's great to have nice sharing work colleagues! 
Mmmm good food, good weekend, good friends. Yay 
Mmmm green tea.. 
mmmm homemade alfredo pasta with garlic bread &lt;3 
mmmm i like roasts now. Got one now  tweet later x
Mmmm i love strawberries   
mmmm I'm liking this tastyyyyyyy liquor 
mmmm just got done eating farmer boys  #squarespace
Mmmm mexican food 
mmmm mommy fed me! yippee! 17 weeks and counting. I'm getting so big and needing more room...time to make mama's belly grow even more 
Not heard anything but feeling a bit more confident about it. Plus i finish in 2 and a half hours 
Not horribly excited about anything on the Microsoft conference, but I tuned in late.Did get to see my awesome afro guy though in FFXIII! 
Not hungover, thank god. Just got home, changed.. waiting for Josh then going for coffee and bagels. 
not impressed that i have to go to school on me own on monday and tuesday cause natalie int coming in the loser. 
not in a good mood but trying to cheer up myself 
Not In skl, Goin in At lunch, Sorta ill lol Watched the NEW MOON TRAILER AMAZIN!!!!, JACOB LOOKS HOT ,!! 
not in the mood for school, luckily its thursday  though 
Not in the mood to do anything but lay around and read...and thats exactly what I'm going to do 
not jealous of nashvillians seeing coldplay tonight. because i saw the same show six months ago 
not just a geek anymore. Am card-carrying Mensan geek 
Not Last Ride sorry, that was earlier, but still, awesome 
Looks like the L4D title update is live, Awesome 
Looks like the summer has arrived in Lancashire 
Looks like the sun is coming out to play  but for how long?
looks like the talking voice on my phone cured my rage with laughter. no worries 
Looks like the weather's picking up... Perhaps strawberry picking's on the cards again! 
Looks like the XBLN boys and girls are having a blast 
Looks like today could turn out to be as hot and sunny as yesterday 
Looks like Tom's gonna win this  Good job McFly'ers  Keep voting when they've picked out the top 100! xx
Looks like we could be expecting 1 more donkey in the field 
mmmm morning blunt n coffee 
mmmm my brother is home with dinner. 
MMMM my supper was really good..I have no had spaghetti in soo long!!! 
mmmm noodles 
Mmmm pho &amp; boba  go get your car washed at keppel for $7
mmmm pizza rolls and a movie...life is good 
Mmmm Pom-bears   And mcfly live at wembley dvd ;) /.xxx
mmmm secret vegan supper underground club 10 out of 10 awesome food 
Mmmm spicy food! 
mmmm State Fair scones in the spring 
Mmmm thai for lunch  One good thing about being near Gladesville.
Mmmm the air smells like jasmine 
MMMM the smell of newly mown lawn - I have to make that boy something good for lunch  (DH - Gardener? I wish) LOL
mmmm this chocolate is good! 
mmmm twitter online... background changed! I should start expanding and following more ppl... nvm... u 2 are more than enough 
mmmm!! peach gummy!! 
mmmm, a day filled with movies, junk food and girlies....good times! 
Mmmm, Billecart, absolutely delicious. Big thanks to @devilsdecimals and @DepVanHalen  yummo. http://twitpic.com/6tete
Mmmm, hot cupa soup on a cold day while it's raining outside... 
Mmmm, hot peppermint tea w/ honey &amp; while watching TVLand! I love the good old shows...(even tho they were before my time) 
mmmm, I love the smell  of a successful P2V in the morning...  #VMware
Mmmm, I'm hungry! I'm thinking about grabbing a pizza once my laundry is done 
mmmm, Johnny Cash CD arrived today, Prodigy ordered and Florence and the machine pre-ordered. Eeeee  Lovely mummy.
mmmm, sunday morning  if I could do anything today what would i do? the possabilities!
mmmm, toast &amp; honey, one of the many benefits of working for yourself from home..... 
Mmmm. I love cookie-dough ice cream. 
Mmmm.. I have just eaten pizza... Then I'll go to the cinema with Rï¿½&amp;Gabi...  And we'll make videos!! YeaH..!!
Mmmm.. Page France.. If you don't know them.. you should   lyrical brilliance
not laughed this hard in ages!! tears streaming down my face, feeling much happier now 
not long now till I have my one decent meal for the week...Monday Nights 
not long now till we all find out who wins.  
not long out of the shower, feel fresh and reaxed 
not looking forward 2 work 2moro but hey a week until long weekend... BRING IT !!!! bwahaha needless 2 say Pretty Happy!!! 
Looks like we will have a few of our songs featured in an independent film.  Cool huh?  We'll keep you in the loop 
Looks like you're all enjoying the Â£5k links promotion. Remember it's on all week 
Look-see: http://bit.ly/C0tJD  We're cool, ours has unique qualities like the Ages 
LOONEY COUNTDOWN: 3 WEEKS and 6 DAYS 
Loong day. In bed cuddling with papabear and watching south park. Yay my bday bbq tomorrow! Can't wait 
loooking through thhee freshman yearbook HILARIOUS we all look like little babbiiess 
LOOOOK LOOK!!!! 50 folllowers!!!! yayyy!!!! thanks so much everyone!!! and thanks @crsholic for being my 50th! 
looool &lt;--- new lol. its better. its said loo-ool  better than ell-oh-ell or l-ol hahaha
looools drama after school tudaaaayy  no french test tmro PHEW. but there is science :| i shall flop badly x
Loooong and busy day ahead of me! I didnt finish one month of this and I already got tired! but still Optimistic.. thigs well be fine 
Looooong day at work, DONE! boy tested out his new Giant Talon MTB, he's well happy  http://bit.ly/15i5oG
Looooong day yesterday getting to hotel for #balticon setup. Now doing some planning for today's chaos 
LOOOOOOOl stavros flatley r hilarious okay I got 3 faves to win tonight 
looooooong day ahead! another sunny day 
Mmmm... Feels like fall, my favorite season  56 and almost completely clear 
mmmm... good coffee 
Mmmm... had fresh sugar snap peas &amp; pasta with homemade garlic scape pesto for dinner tonight. Uber-garlic breath now, but still AWESOME. 
mmmm... tired, for the first time in a while. upstairs watching a movie probably, like always. hah! 
mmmm.... mom made brownies I cannot resist. I must have one 
mmmm....eating pancakes and eggs, and green chili for breakfast 
Mmmm....Lychee Calpico is soooooo good. 
mmmm....my vampire ....is amazing... 
mmmm...lunch time 
Mmmm; salsa con queso for breakfast!   It's like bookends; my weekend is starting awesomely, and IT'S GOING TO END AWESOMELY, DAMMIT!
Mmmm;; eating some ice creak cakeee 
mmmmh....saturday night was nice 
Mmmmm   O'Charley's chicken florentine is AMAZING!  Girls day out was GREAT.  Now to get home &amp; be Wife &amp; Mom again  
Mmmmm - cold pizza and a chocolate chip cookie for breakfast . 
mmmmm  my space is: www.myspace.com/enysmb
Mmmmm ;) I just had the BEST shower this morning!!! It'd only be better if I had someone waiting on me when I got out 
mmmmm blueberry muffins 
Mmmmm bread and cheese, a simple pleasure but ohh the joy it brings 
mmmmm coke  dammit, procrastinating again
mmmmm crunchy nut 
mmmmm Flash Catalyst! http://tv.adobe.com/#vi+f1532v1001 Yumm yumm!  Perhaps I'll never have to code again?! 
Mmmmm houston highways! I sure do miss you 
Mmmmm i'm making laurens cake 
mmmmm Iron and Wine 
Mmmmm Jameson Irish whiskey..  For when life kinda kicks you in the spleen..  
mmmmm jelly belly time 
Mmmmm KFC with hashbrowns.... 
Mmmmm Kogi Tacos.....worth the wait.  Fun times
mmmmm lime jello with wipped cream 
Mmmmm nice warm rain, light show &amp; the thunder is startin!  i love it!
Mmmmm our favorite butterscotch self saucing pudding is in the oven. 10 minutes to go. I can't wait 
mmmmm pappi mmmm. my baby's bringing me a big huge salad.  im sooo excited!
mmmmm pizza and lasagne  sooo full but. feel like my tummy is gonna POP
Mmmmm thunderstorms in St. Louis.  Hope it doesn't rain out the College graduation.  Congrats to everyone who is graduating! 
Mmmmm who doesent lik laying by the pool on a hot day 
Mmmmm window's open. Evening air wafts in lovely buttery popcorn smell. Neighbours must have rented a movie.  It's making me thirsty.
Mmmmm wings  http://twitpic.com/2y4o6
Looooooooong day. Let the bed gugs bite all you zombies, vampiers, and ghosties. 
looooooooool da elec went offf 
Loooooooves it 
loooooooving the rainstorm outside 
loooooves Amici!!! 
Loooove Big Brother now! Knew it would get get 
loooove my friends... 
looove my hair...goin to steve's game then hopefully hangin out with him 
Looove the sun. Laying out with Rachel and Kasey  24/7.
Looove thunder storms  Http://twitpic.com/5zku4
Loooves grape poweraide 
LOOPJAZZ  yess!!! ez most bejï¿½n
loovee the New Moon Trailer!  
Looves watchin deadliest catch with isaac! Shit gets intense! 
Lord just one thought of you, then i know it's gonna beeeee; A lovely day, lovely day...  'the just shall live by faith' (as written..)
lord of mutha fucking grace...SCHOOL IS ALMOST OVER WOOOOO HALLELUJAH JESUS 
Lord of the Rings is on... I'm so grateful the Ents were included  that was a brave move!
Lord! Ppl always keep me on my toes. I'm about 2 expose my devotion 2 this thing called sleep. And no I haven't seen the paperboy 
Lord, deliver us all from Dick Cheney!i Cant with his foolishness today. Somebody tell that fool that it is my birthday! *side eye* 
LORD, happy Sunday, thanks for this week God  http://myloc.me/2Sls
Lords of dogtown!  I could watch this movie over &amp; over. So good.
Lordy lordy lordy I can't help it I like to party it's genetic, it's electrifying...a good excuse 2 be a bad influence on u  love pink 2!!
Loren DiGiorgi &quot;Prologue&quot; ? http://twt.fm/62980 A quiet lullabye for your Sunday morning 
Lorna Sass just commented on my blog.  I can't control my excitement 
Lose Fat Now  http://bit.ly/3lqCI
Lose weight !!   watch this   vdo  http://bit.ly/198foD
LOSE WEIGHT CHALLENGE! (if applicable  See  challenge here http://bit.ly/lLDgG @TiiaAurora 's blog! #blog #blogging #wordpress
Loses count of how many rides he has been on with brandy 
Not looking forward to maths calk tomorrow... But am looking forward to animal crossing with @EMMALPN 
not looking forward to tomorrow, but i get to see the DORK in the morning! 
Mmmmm, coffee 
Mmmmm.. Free food..  thank you to Buddha! (Buddha's birthday-May 8)
mmmmm... the boy in the first daughter is hottttt 
Mmmmm.... fresh morels and scrambled eggies for breakfast! It just doesn't get any better 
Mmmmm...... this pho is soooo yummy!  yummy for my tummy
Mmmmm....nerds. No idea what made me buy this horrible for you candy. But I'm glad I did 
Mmmmm....subway 
Mmmmm....sushi. Nom nom nom. Balances out all the baklava, which, I was informed, is not it's own food group. 
MMMmmm a nice hot shower and getting out to food from walmarts deli wonderfully brought home by my mom. Gotta love moms 
MMmmmm Bacon and Egg McMuffins from Mc'Ds are the best 
Mmmmmm I haven't been to Panera in like 2 years. 
Mmmmmm whole uht milk ;) it's like drinking single cream! 
Mmmmmm! A glass of wine and a baseball game. Almost the perfect evening. 
Mmmmmm... Belgian Mini Cream Puffs. So gooooood!  http://twitpic.com/6ox59
Mmmmmm.... Coffee... 
Mmmmmmm coffee! 
MMMmmMM eating cantelope. 
mmmmmmm subway 
mmmmmmmmm garlic bread 
Mmmmmmmmmm Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Are Amaazzee  Choc With Sprinkles and The Glazed Ones...Mmmmmmm.
Mmmmmmmmmm pulled pork 
MMMMMMMMMM sour skittles soooooooo gooooooooood  except for maybe the powder up the nose part   LOL
mmmmmmmmmm. peach &amp; mango tea 
MmmmmMMMMMMM! weather needs to improve if gunna have a nice BBQ! 
mmmmmmmmmmmm. two done. super can't wait for friday. oh and seeing lexie 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Peach Cider! 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm love that sound 
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMWAH, BABY! Believe it. It's true! 
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmovies. 
M-m-m-morninggg  boy did I have some weird dreams last night :/
Mmmwhahhahahaa  Eminem gets faceful of angel butt   http://bit.ly/Vs6AY
Not looking forward to work today. Next week I hang out with an UP character and a princess tho! 
not mad no-more  feelin mucho better now! woohoooooo lol
Not many people, but we did get encored. It was fun. 
not minding the rain today cuz he makes me 
not mine before any says anthing - can't beat a 1pm start and a bit of sunshine to help the ale go down 
Not moving murch ,as cracked two ribs , spent 2hrs in casulty  nhs best in the world 
Not much just made my twitter 
Not much longer.  Goodnight Twitter. I love you Chancey.
not much mum just camehome from QLD 
not much of a trekkie myself u i am looking forward to this 
not much time for twitter - but I still keep on going 
Not my favorite choice of colors but it works 
Not of this world clothing at c28.com. 10% off entire purchase. Use coupon code: swc. 20% donated to swc! 
Not only has it broken but it's Monday!!Does this mean Monday can be fix'd?  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgio
Not only on time today, but actually a few minutes early! I have a feeling its going to be a good day 
not only would you be the only fan left but the only person left...besides the race director. 
Not paying attention at school, more distracted on browsing on Pokernews 
Not quite sure who this sleeping kid is, but pretty sure I want to keep him. 
not racing today, its raining. ha, um text me 
not reaaaaaaaaaaaaally  where's Toy Story gone?! =O
not ready to face the day and so im going back to bed!! 
mne se  libi  blueray, navic to bude online i pres iphone,   mluvej o tom, ze produktivita prace silne poklesne s prichodem nove hry 
Mo, omg yay!!!! ))) i cant wait to see it! I bet its wayyy sexyfine 
Moar #Bam &amp; #Otalia for meee. futzing abouts on the interweebs mix it up with #Jensen and #Jared goodness, a bi woman's night 
mobile devices off. 
Mobility FTW though. Plus I can always plug into my 21&quot; Monitor. 
Moby could do with some extra synth lines just to sprinkle some magic on it, and Everything just needs some FX tweeks 
Moby nupst Losandï¿½elos? piedz?vojis pirmo zemestr?ci sav? m?ï¿½?: &quot;At first I thought it was the subway. But no, a ye olde earthquake.&quot; 
Mocha Gurgaon this eve. 
Mocha latte type shit, I dig it like My women. 
Mode: Home Office 
MODERN MODERN MODERN TONIGHT.  Anyone with a rainbow trout bellied speedo gets in for free 
Modern Warfare 2 looks great, but for me Splinter Cell Conviction is the highlight so far 
Modern Warfare 2 looks ridiculous (in a good way  )  I ABSOLUTELY CANNOT WAIT TO GET MY HANDS ON THIS!!!
modifying trinitytechnosoft.com ... deadline tomorrow 12 midnight 
Mohammad is at google campus  enjoying coffee.. http://ff.im/42qlE
Moi itÂ´s the same as hi in finish.. 
moï¿½o no metrï¿½ lendo &quot;poker wizards&quot; (ï¿½ 300 pï¿½ginas) usando uma camiseta onde se lia &quot;you may not recognize me without my cape&quot; 
Moisturizing after a shave is actually a good idea 
Moko &amp; Asta are here!! Where's my cake, dear ones?? 
Mollie is enjoying the sunshine  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6860936
MollieK121@boulderdiaries @bittabuffalo Thanks! Helmet was a lifesaver. Scraped up but doing fine... thx for well wishes 
Molly is a perfect gift fer pixel 
Molly is going to be some kind of chippy or builder when she grows up, fav programmes are Handy Manny and Bob the Builder 
Molly is ovarrrr  oh we made nummy koolaid 
Mom and Dad come home today 
Mom and I are swapping about our stealing experiences  I stole a bottle of green ink across the street once. Haha...
Mom bought me a new athletic shirt, I love it!  So comfy and warm.  http://yfrog.com/58b54j
Mom called to see if the house was on fire. Miles away, she could see flame billowing. Not us.  Adam &amp; I drove down Anderson to rubberneck
Not really  but its work so yea kinda
not really  im bored
Not really a comfort eater, but tonight chocolate doughnuts and milk are making things better 
not really a legends fan but I really like some of the ROTF legend figures! 
not really in love at this point, but these recent romantic song blips make me happy.  â™« http://blip.fm/~8alcp
not really looking forward to start working at 5.30 in the morning but i guess i don't really have a choice 
Not really satisfied about my decision to go eat @ the Spanish restaurant. At least there's some left-over here @ home... 
Not really used to this whole twitter thing yet but it seams cool! 
Not seeing the potential of all this FREE traffic? You might need to check your own pulse!   http://tinyurl.com/qqw2yd
Not so good workout 2nite.  A healthy dinner for the most part, but whipped cream accidentally spilled all over the strawberries. Bummer 
Not so motivated for work today. Since that is not a good thing, itï¿½s time to turn on the music and start doing my best 
NOT SO UNDEFEATED NOW EYYYY MACHIDA 
Not so worried since 7 hotties have joined us 
Not SPAM &gt;&gt;&gt; I'm teaching webinar series on Tuesday - How I got 22,000 followers in 30 days - FO REALZ - http://bit.ly/hXuQQ  Join Me?
not sure   playing withn this twitter thing  
not sure about shot but maybe stabbed..it aint the greatest..but im surviving  lol@jingjingfau
Not sure how to feel about wanting to be in a realtionship but my heart is happy when she plays guitar 
not sure if I am awake but it's glorious so no problem 
Not sure if i'll use this but saying as everyone twitters i might as well give it a try 
mom did a total spring cleaning of my box today... it is so nice and fresh i feel bad using it... wait, no i really don't... 
Mom fuckin loveddddddddd the bf 
Mom got a new BMW, and I get to drive it to Mosjï¿½en tomorrow!! 
Mom is making chicken curry.. Me likes the aroma 
Mom is trying to braid my hair with an automatic hair wrap. Girl fun is coming 
Mom is wearing shrug I bought her 2morrow...I can't wait 2 c her n it..cute 
Mom just bought Pollo Rico...hell yess 
Mom just cooked me a 3 course meal. Hellll yeah! 
Mom knows more than the title of &quot;coincidence&quot; allows. We shall see. My facial structure is changing cause he makes me smile so much.  
Mom let me stay up for almost the whole movie last night.  Great party guys   Thanks.  Happy birthday Lu!!
Mom said she was going to start reading the blog (radroots.blogspot.com) --made me excited! Thought: must re-commit to blogging..(again) 
Mom said we're going back because I need to see a 'nut doctor'  i didnt know I had nuts but okay!
mom wants to stay in the hilton and i want to stay in the interconti... booking tomorrow... 
Mom was released from hospital this morning. Doing so much better. Going eat at tokyo with mom dad aunt uncle and sam so celebrate 
Mom you are the best! .... Classic... I want to talk to my mom  NOW
mom-brag: my kid just gave his piggy bank contents to @brad242 for The Big Give. said he heard God say &quot;give your $10,&quot; so he did. 
not sure if it's warm enough to go lay out by the pool, but Im gonna try.. brb 
Not sure the balance is right yet, but juiced 1 lemon, 1/2 orange, sugar, tonic water and ice. Refreshing on a sunny day. 
Not sure what just happened... but I think I like it 
Not Sure What To Do Today, The Kittens Can Walk Know 
Not sure why I have joined this site....Wanted to see what all the hype was about I suppose...will give it a couple of weeks 
not sure why this song sprung to mind  ? http://blip.fm/~4mrhn
not that drinking my home coffee is bad... i'm still loving the espresso machine someone bought me 2 years ago 
Not that I am but &quot;I love love, I love being in love, I don't care what it does to me!&quot; Makes me wanna dance  ? http://blip.fm/~3xl88
Not that it matters, I'll do independent study of my concept and post weekly as if it were that. Fuck being in the cool kids group. 
lost Â£20 in asda today wtf. oh well. still an awesome day as usual 
lost and sushi, in conclusion 
NOT THAT THERES ANYTHING WRONG W/ THAT! nice policeman sir 
Not tired, rather refreshed for a tuesday. Bringing a vitamin water to make up for monday. 
Not to advertise. But www.funzsquare.com is my fav game shop. They are honest.  - http://tweet.sg
not to brag. .but my homemade hot chocolates can make you jizz in your pants. 
Not to forget BEER 
Not to say going to extreme isnt @ times the route to get to that place in middle. But real deal is trusting &quot;inner voice&quot; in EACH moment 
not to toot my own horn here, but the pictures from last night turned out amazing. Some I would consider getting very large prints of. 
Not too bad...  They put me in the 'expert traveler' security line.  
Not too hot &amp; not too cold. Perfect day to sit outside for lunch 
momma always is right. DID YOU NOT LISTEN WHEN YOU WERE TOLD THAT? mommy is always right. even when she isnt. 
momma's baking cake  watching her make it.. logging off now ;D see ya
mommies home!!tail wag! we went 4 long walk n i saw a hive up a tree n tried to get it 4 mom but ended up yankin her arm..oops!! much fun 
mommy finally left  lolz
Mommy got me gummy bears! nicole 
mommy just brought me starbucks 
mommy made pancakes 
mommy says &quot;tweet&quot; 
Mommy's Day!! Yay! What are you doing today? It's kinda cloudy out but that won't stop my sunshine! 
mom's baking some shizz... will eat some later 
Mom's Birthday ! Send her love 
moms bitching! exam's today! what a great day 
Moms brought japanese food, and got some fortune cookies saved from before...contradiction at its tastiest! 
Moms do little things with great love. On a mug my son gave me this morning  Happy Mother's day to all us wonderful moms!
not too much you 
not try 2 make this more than what it is.Thanx Twitterville 4 allowing me 2 vent. Other than that I am just a ball of F*in sunshine! 
Not venting anymore because ***** has call waiting which has turned into David waiting!!! 
not wanting to jinx it...but weather supposed to be getting warmer towards end of week - yay! 
not watching the movie i told you i was. lol it looked kinda boring 
Not Working Tommorow, Gonna spend the day sorting out my CV  x
Not writing much cause am sightseeing with the friend. Taking vids of stockholm for ya 
Not yet I will check again. Thnx 
MOMS IN ALASKA=D HOPE UR HAVING FUUUUUUUN  looooove yooou
Moms need to check this outhttp://www.mother2mother.net/about/ Fathers it may give us insight to what our wives think and feel 
Mom's preparation for lunch today after long 6 months ...  ... feeling very hungry already ...
MOM'SCASA. New phone tomorrow. Bethany&amp;OurPirateShip,TOO! 
Momz just made it back from Vegas, yayyyyy! 
Mon futur Tshirt  http://tinyurl.com/n2nwyr
mon the gers, lets do the double 
moncicci is back..fresh &amp; clean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Monday !!   - Need I say more ?? 
monday &amp; meneeeeeeing!  http://bit.ly/154ZBz
Monday again! I just need to make it through this week, and then off to the beach!! 
Monday am...kids kamp lot 2 do..going 2 be a long day. Pray for us 
monday blues  back to work 2nite after having a lovely week off!!
monday blues.. 
Monday came too early. Running waaaay late this morning but once I get gone it will be smooth sailing the rest of the day 
Monday came too quickly - just like a bad date! 
Monday coffee 
lost in silence. the atmosphere s quiet and still. im at home. 
lost mixed doubles but played well so im happy. play singles finals tomorrow 
lost my phone -&gt; just bought iphone 3G   fine machine ! should start twitting from iphone, any has suggestion for appilcation?
Note 2 All: Premier Issue Arriving October instead of September.  Extra month to get it juuuuuuuust right  
Note to Canadian friends - Please don't spoil the Harpers surprises for fans in the US.  No victim names, I'll know who u mean. Thanks! 
Note to everyone who received their Monica statue, please email Patch Together and let them know what you think. It'll be a huge help! 
Note to friends..too many emails and links to read them all.  If I need to read it, tell me.  Currently doing a defrag on my brain 
NOTE TO HATERS: I'm the fucking daddy and I'm still waiting for you to take me down. What you got left? You sad, jealous, butthurt losers 
note to myself: stop thinking so hard. beware of analysis paralysis. ;-)) anyway, this coffee is indistinguishable from magic 
Note to self do not slip on banana peel i just threw on the floor of my room.  Thanks!  &lt;Cunt&gt;
Note to self, don't buy Disney Singstar 2....listening to the wife and daughter singing using Disney Singstar 1 is torture enough 
note to self, must list the other 10! and the fabrics and the buttons.mmm will do that later 
Note to self..gotta get me that hand! Sure would the cherry in the Tequilla Sunrise *grin. Did I get this quote wrong? 
Note to self:  CPK makes some yummy, yummy food.  CPK here we come 
Note to Self:  Lay fitness magazine everywhere in my house for motivation.  
Note To Self: Dont climb up a hill with loadsa trees - it hurts 
lost my voice this morning.. but i got it back just in time for tonight 
lost my voice. hung over. but had an amazing night out 
lost the jonas livechat -.- but tonight was one of the best nights in my lifee 
lost the semi finals tonight....not a happy bunny...hell proud of you ballaz girls though. you played great!! 
lost the work cell phone...but then mike found it, thank god 
lost track of time... didnt know how late it was.... slavin once again tomorrow. i should rest up... right after i get my food 
Lost weight this week. No time to eat. Anyone wanna bring me subway at 3 at kroger?  lol.
Monday in ex  with @aileentanaga @staceyhutapea @clarisza @tashmania @ptrix92 elzbon, keithy, emily, clemen.  http://myloc.me/3T8B
Monday is going to be a good day  &quot;If you dream it you can do it&quot;
Monday is my day to relax while George is out of town. Looking forward to embarassing him on his birthday Thursday 
Monday is over!  Good morning everybody!
Monday Monday tra la lala lala, a new start to another happy Your Mail week 
Monday monring. Going out for coffee. Sun is shining 
Monday Morning - off to work 
Monday morning at work. Stuffed on b/e/c and oj. Mmm. Missin you know who. Sleepy baby 
Monday morning bathing - soooo relaxing! If I was a lady of luxury I would start every day like this 
Monday morning!!! All friends went back yesterday evening...twitting first time  have to get ready and get going...MONDAY BLUES
Monday morning, at work, weather terrible, traffic not much better ... things can only improve 
Monday morning, need more sleep. Too much drama this weekend! I hate drama!  
Monday morning. Back in the office for another busy day. I always say if there's not enough work to do, you're not working hard enough 
Monday morning. dreary weather. another week! 
Monday morning. Oh joy! Working at home today. Seems teachers at sons school aren't ready for work yet. 
Monday mornings don't always have to be bad. 
Monday night awesome game and chillin at whataburger 
Monday night hanging outside in front of the fire, Soulive playing, and some Bushmills...ahhhhhh 
Monday night inline skating only went for 20 minutes due to rain. So I had a drink with some friends instead 
Monday night is dessert night in our house - I made banana cream pie...sweet! Enjoy my own company on a Monday 
Monday nights are my fav - couch, tv, book, doona and exchanges of silent conversations. 
Monday o joy ! and now offiacly 30 have to start looking into getting a volvo ! on a plus note 1 week till glasto  !!!!!!
Monday really does come round far too quickly! Had a great weekend, lots of sun &amp; fun. Hanging out with good friends and laughing lots. 
Monday today, that means its Tuesday tomorrow 
Monday! That means deadline for a wee journalism piece and #edtweetup 
Monday, Lord help me see the good in this day too! 
Monday. Huh. Oh well. Hey, I'm closing in on 1,000 followers.  Okay well only 17 to go...
Monday...Funday!  Wake up people...and keep me awake please   Today is going to be a long one..I can already feel it. Eww
Mondays are gay. they should make a Yayday! 
Mondays are like Sundays now that I'm done with school! 
Mondays at the office  http://twitpic.com/6fgmp
Mondays best excited about the week!! 
Mondayyy school, then going to bed .. exhausted!! Can't wait to see my boyy saturdayyyyyyyy 
note to self: get everyone i kno to join twitter 
note to self: If you burn turkey bacon in the microwave it makes your  house smell like stale cigarette smoke. Just like grandma's house 
Note to self: Target is Always waaaaaay better than wal-mart. &amp; its closer to Bevmo. 
NOTE WORKED.... WOOOT  leaving in an hr. Expect updates.. Sorrry haha
Note: fitflops are great for walking up hilly fields 
Note: LoD has real inherent (&amp; gestalt) value all on its own. Reasoning is not needed at all. I think the SemWeb was developed backwards 
NOTE: My mails and messages have been swamped  which is a very good thing, i do apologize if my replies are a tad slower than usual. #fb
Note: previous tweet wasn't about name dropping, but acknowledging some amazing people who flew in to serve... Legends 
LOST_Iwatched this with my son... his first time seeing it... he wants to keep watching The Moth.  YES!#s1e6#LOST#WFTB
lots and lots of new music 
LOTS of chatter on twitter about @barcampsd. So awesome 
Lots of crackers going off all around the neighbourhood... kids still having lots of good old fashioned fun in the ACT 
Lots of doodling tonight! I love random creativity 
Lots of ducks on the river, begging for food, they quack me up 
Lots of eating, site-seeing, and shopping today 
Lots of energy needed for this week! 
Lots of fun at SL Podshock meet-up last night! Nice folks. By rights, I should probably have a massive hang-over 
Lots of fun being super sherpa at rev 3 today. Got pics of @jg_65 @philiplavoie @jamesonbull @twinathlete @simplystu and @craptasticguru 
Lots of funky toys at UniqueBeats in Edinburgh     http://yfrog.com/59cgij
Lots of good vibes on twitter this mornin. I'm lovin it. 
Lots of great 60's songs on the show today 
Lots of hail today. So cold the snow froze. 
lots of hashbrowns and coffee to jolt me awake this morning.  hopefully it'll bring inspiration for the fashion blog name. still nameless.
lots of jonas aniversiaries for people today. i wish i became a fan earlier and went to see them with avril lavigne 
lots of lovin 
nothin better than startin my day pumped up from a rigorous workout.. mmm 
Nothin' like a cup of joe to start the day. 
Nothin like a fresh haircut  so crispy - POW!!
Nothin' like a good ol' Manitoba social with some ass dance performances! (not censorable material like it sounds! 
Nothin like a lil mos def &quot;sex, love and money&quot; to set the mood for my afternoon  http://myloc.me/2IKo
Nothin like Fresh Prince &amp; CTC(cinnamon toast crunch) To finish off the night 
nothin much just talking to ppl on msn  skool tomorow (N) it can go die =D
nothing  just annoying someone! XD
nothing , hha 
nothing beats a day with my bestie 
Nothing beats a free wifi connection from Nokia 
Nothing beats a real human being when it comes to customer service.  
Nothing beats curling up in bed with an Audrey Tautou film streaming from Netflix to help you relax  Still in veg mode.
Nothing beats Old Monk and coke 
nothing beats snuggling up on the sofa watching beverly hill cops then footloose after 
nothing better than a bit of 'Conchords' to cheer one up http://bit.ly/15yqNB  .... best comedy out there atm if you ask me 
Nothing better than a couple of games of Tetris in between loads of laundry 
nothing better than a good cup of coffee 
Nothing better than a soy chai latte in the morning 
Nothing better than a Sunday night to start something new!!!  Twitter, here I am!!!
nothing better than being alone in the pool.  #swimlog 2.5km
nothing better than clean sheets and blankets. 
Nothing better than having someone else cook for you.  
Nothing better than my puppys, a good movie, nice warm bed, and tea. 
Nothing better than seeing your first friends. 
nothing better than watchin family jewels with the family. 
Nothing better than when one of the Gallaghers shoots his mouth off  http://bit.ly/19WDpq
Lots of naked people from the London naked bike ride  http://bit.ly/HvQnz
lots of nice comments on my treasury, thanks!  http://bit.ly/14zn05
lots of people graduating today, too i see  CONGRATS, GRADS!
lots of people want to help 
Lots of pretty artisan jewerly to choose from in my shop http://joslinjewels.etsy.com. Only 21 shopping days left until Mothers Day. 
lots of rain. i like it 
lots of random things to do today - thankful for a day off 
Lots of smoke pouring out of a nearby abandoned house so I got to call 999 for the first time 
Lots of things to do! Just excited 
Lots of videos from E3 (H3:ODST!) are out but I don't have time to watch them right now. Happy Birthday @tburkhardt!! 
lots of work ahead today. 
Lots of work this week. But hooray Sibling reunion this weekend!! 
Lots on the plate today, Den and the girls leave early to plant 15 blue spruce, Susie and I will try to hold the fort down 
Lotsa people are forcing me to join Restaurant City. So peeps, I'm just not into it. 
lotsa vacancies..almost wished i didnt go to school. BUUUUUUUT, GREAT thing i did 
Lotte Fit's commercial, I know the moves! 
Lou Malnati's tonight with some family 
Mone and Anne: watched 2 films in cinema yesterday: Slumdog Millionaire great film, 17 again also a great film!  was really cool! 
money by pink floyd - think its debatable that it could be one of THE best written songs 
Money Honey- I love gaga in the morning 
money makes the world go around, aber ein paar platin tuns auch fÃ¼r mich 
Money makes the world go round (via @Konrad11) love as well  
MONEY TIP- When you pay your bills on time I may mine and that's our bailout plan. 
Monica - Angel Of Mine    â™« http://blip.fm/~7rozf
Monicas party at 3. Was with Amanda this morning and got breakfast, went to the bank, etc. Lol getting ready for lunch with Jess and Sara 
Monkey Island 
Monkey Island is back! E3 is full of good surprises this year  http://moourl.com/bih19
Monkey Island Special Edition 
Monrovia bound with Desiree 
Monster + mannequin makeup + a week's worth of philosophy homework = good times tonight 
Monster Day of TV shows to catch up on, however first i will put on The Matrix 
Monster House! 
Monster just told me he likes the super hero Booger Man. Apparently he shoots boogers out of his nose. At least he hasn't said wiener yet 
monster slept throught the nite!!! yeah !!! hopefully this becomes a trend 
Monterey was amazing! The aquarium was wonderful, weather wise a bit hot for Monterey. Over all a superb day! 
monthly pay means: shoes and clothes!!! 
montreal for zee day 
montreal Wednesday with school &lt;333 
mooching on topshop so see what my dad can buy me this weekend 
Louis's new nickname is podwee 
loungin' on the deck I could do this for the rest of my life  going to blockbusters with mom at 6. My last week of work, I do believe!
lounging all day. i love sundays 
lounging and working outside in an empty apartment 
lounging around alllll dayyyyy! loveeee itttt 
Lounging around until josh at 4 
lounging aroung with the family 
Lounging in the backyard with my iPod, some water with lemon, tortilla chips, and a Marie Claire magazine 
Love &amp; Laughter are closely related 
Love &amp; light to you my friend @EarthLifeShop - Have a wonderful day! 
love &amp; peace guys just chill dudes   =D
Love &quot;It's a wonderful life&quot; and James Stewart 
Love @mileycyrus, @tommcfly, @dougiemcfly, @dannymcfly, @harrymcfly, @ddlovato and my family 
Love all the French Open trending topics! How civilized 
Love all the great feedback on the video...thanks 
Love all you crazy-fun MiE Girls (members &amp; newbies) that participated last night!!  You are the best.  Lots of dance pics coming tomorrow
love and friendship should be the only 2 emotions in the world then we would have world peace and be chill as. cant wait to get dreds 
love animation domination sunday nights 
Love being a lady in this industry...making lotsa dollas today! 
Love bucking economic trends when running my SEM reports 
Love chatting with friends over coffee.  Thanks @CrystalPosey @mizwrite I'm off to face this half-over morning!
Love coldplay's new free album and can't stop listening to it 
Love date nights with hubby 
LOVE Delta. Checked in 16 minutes prior to take-off and they still said they'd get my 50-pound bag on  Now about those security lines...
Love Desperate Housewives, great season finale!! Watching the Kardashians then off to bed! 
love doing nothing on my day off 
Love Edinburgh even more though. And wouldn't be a good idea to move here, high risk of becoming whiskey-smitten alcoholic 
Love egg white omelettes  going to the spca wiff lauren to get a kitty and her crazy swedish dog
MOon hack le Twitter de son frï¿½re! Mouahaha!  &lt;3
Moonstruck is an amazing film. I love Cher, she's such a good actress 
Moony - Dove 
MOOOOORNING FAM! bout to get ready to hit up the park for Flip Independence Day... get at me! 
moooorning!  back from church  planning my day right now 
moooorning!!! off for a swim swim, then a hard brick session this avro!!  can't wait for track with michelle on thurs in loughborough!
Mooorning  pls vote 4 mcfly (100 times a day) www.musiqtone.com and here http://bit.ly/be9nb for the boys of McFLY and the girls  Xx
mooorning tweets! yay jerry is comin to reading today! and fingers crossed for two nights!  xxx
moorning peoples - what a sunny day it is today 
MooTools *cough* dev irc room is crazier than I thought. 
Mop mop mop MOPPING IS POSSIBLY MY FAVOURITE HOUSEHOLD CLEANING ACTIVITY ok mopping all done, gardening time 
more #FF Seattle Peeps: @airika, @geraldpope, @seattlestyle, @totallytabletop, @cupcakeroyale..who else is seattle? 
More #FridayFollow @Sparty1216 thx 4 FF last week - sorry not 2 reply sooner @ArticlesBin - thx 4 sharing great info  Have a lovely day!
More 4 the techys  http://tinyurl.com/67d6de
more and more internetsites are trying to copy #TWITTER , these #SUCKERS 
More and more people are changing their avatars to green. nice touch.  #iranelection
More and more tweeties are flying in to my little Tweet tree. Welcome, friends! Find yourself a little branch to perch on and tweet away! 
More applications gone off...now planning more writing and arty things  #fb
More Artwalk today! At the info booth for the time being. 
More awesome commentary from #C20 in @templedf stream - go look there 
More awesome yoga at Memorial Park this morning! Amazing way to start the day 
More big hair rock for bank holiday Monday always seems fitting IMO  ? http://blip.fm/~5jfuu
more brochure work today, and...... an interview with a magazine (well 2 magazines) today.  Ya i guess you could say i'm slightly nervous 
Love following 'trends' on twitteriffic - find this to be a very interesting maybe even useful feature 
Love fool- the cardigans 
Love from my baby's group 25!! Means tons! Loved being an OL 
love having 3 days off of school 
love her ice cream man  He's my ice cream, thnx for stoppin by. He got dixie cups, all flavors &amp; push ups too! -David Lee Roth lol
Love him 
love him SO much...God's good 
Love homemade pizza, movies with Tyler, and the adorable lab pup. Good Saturday. 
Love how BGT is taking 7 of the 10 top trending topics.  Diversity to win!
Love how me &amp; erika r super close again.. cooking dinner for my babe &amp;fam tonight 
love how most of josie's tweets consist of me and her doin something  hahaha. i love yew josie wosie  &lt;3
Love is heeere. Love is nooow. Love is pouring from His hands, from His brow.  I love this song!
love is in the air 
love is in the air, damn! i just missed it 
love is in the air... 
Love is like a Vitamin... or so he said 
Love is like playing the piano. First you must learn to play by the rules, then you must forget the rules and play from your heart.. 
Love is many things.. but there is one thing it can and will never be, and that is unsure.. 
love is on it waaay OOOOOOWN *---* (ok, i'll stoop 
Love is stronger than any person can be. Smile, and make somebody's day 
love is the only good feeling in the world even better than happines 
love is your wife finding u dancing a sesame street dance (the batty bat) in her fancy robe (made a faboo cape) and not leaving 
love is..waking up to smiles &amp; babbles from my little girl..wow shes 3months today 
Love it  http://twitpic.com/6tsd3
Love it or Hate it ... I don't care ... Just play ! 
Love it when Martin Brundle goes down the Grid, possibly the best bit of BBC's Forumla 1 programme 
Love it when u almost don't workout bc ure tired but u do anyway... Feel so great!!!! 
LOVE IT! @buckhollywood Catch phrase: &quot;In Adam Lambert is gay news....&quot; Use anytime you want to state something obvious.  Do you love it?
More coffee........ 
more computer upgrades. i love my job. 
MORE CORNBREAD 
More cuteness #followfriday @ashleyannabrown @rubylovesred @lealou @AlexaLewis @muniecas @superjunk 
more exams coming this week but it is definitely less stressful  thank God.
More Food 
more friends, more possibilities. 
more hard rocking Motordamn (Lemmy + the Damned '78) &quot;Over The Top&quot;/&quot;Ballroom Blitz&quot;, on d vinyl 
more horny hottie's.. thank u for following.. 
More Keith  This song is like my life song. Bc but for the grace of God i'd be desolate rather that blessed. ... â™« http://blip.fm/~7swsc
More late work... our goal is code freeze by the end of the day Sunday, which means I have my work cut out for me in the next 22 hours. 
more lax tryouts today! 
More like screeching utterances 
More love going to great REtweeters:  @SingleMomSays @craftyGAgal @Pentenscribes Thanks...keep shining!  â™« http://blip.fm/~7tqlk
More may come eventually but that is it for now. Good morning everyone. 
More morrisment this weekend  We're off to Whadden with White Rose Morris and the weather is fantastic for it.
more movies...Gone In 60 Seconds. i saw a gorgeous red Camaro today...i think i may have drooled. 
more new starters today.... recession? 
love it. 
Love it. Birds just crapped on my car again. Could Monday morning get any better?  Must be an offer on its way 
Love Jane Fonda - read her memoir, she loves Atlanta!!  and does live there  friends with the Carters and is now a Christian
Love knows no reasons, love knows no lies. Love defies all reasons, love has no eyes. But love is not blind, love sees but doesn't mind. 
Love life at the moment  can it really get any better? Me thinks not!
LOVE live music. Had an awesome time at the Harmonautica concert - and you can, too! Come on down next Friday  http://tinyurl.com/lpeayl
love love love  it's a wonderful thing.
Love love love love Love love love love... lols  Guess all the twitterbugs are sleeping now....
Love love love Sweet Disposition - The Temper Trap. Finally know the title of the song in the trailer 
Love love love the art/illustration of @meluseena - just found her on twitter today. 
love makes two hearts one... &lt;3 &lt;3...:}    (via #zenjar )
Love making sweet like candy promises only to break it... Some promises are meant to be broken anyway. 
Love Mark is the new Hickey. Lol. Funny stuff. Lol. 
LOVE ME LOVE ME SAY THAT YOU LOVE ME... 
Love me? Love making fun of me? Jump in my karaoke caption contest  http://bit.ly/OCNlJ
Love Mondays. Already widened horizons with new verb from OMC colleague:  &quot;diarise.&quot;  Bloody brilliant! 
LOVE moon bounces &lt;333 taking a shower cuz im all gross then sleep then GRADUATION! 
Love my besties 
love my geology teacher  ! brought us titos &amp;&amp; no classwork .. whooooo ! 
love my girls and last night  relaxing then doing a pony pary tmrw
love my grandad muchly, txt him to say i was calling in, he replied 'bacon sandwich ok for you?' 
Love my job. Need to be going to bed earlier though.  Night world 
love my life 
Love my life and friends and summer and family!!!  &lt;3 yay!
Love my life right noooooooow 
Love my mommy happy mothers day 
Love my new car 
LOVE my new Jack Wills bikini and miniskirt!  Spoiled!! xoxo
Love my new skirt. 'Tis floaty. Weather reminds me of Greece 3 yrs ago - hot, blue skies, warm breeze... 
Love my PR friends, you guys stay classy 
love my sex and the city 
Love my sister for letting me crash on her couch 
More people are joining twitter. What.. a relief. haha 
More Pho with the boys, Happy Birthday Brayden!   http://yfrog.com/5jttkj
More photos editing today 
More pretty flowers up. My friends have the nicest Japanese garden. 
More rain... LOTS of thunder 
More Sopapillas, Please!  Had a fun night at Casa Bonita!  I love that place! 
More special thanks for #followfriday! So appreciated!  @dinasoker @centerpet @lorimcneeartist @mulears
More stores on the way.....  - If you have a store / work for a store and you want it SMS enabled - let us know
more studying in the morning. good night world! 
more sun! awesome 
MORE SUN. last day in florida. Time to have some more fun 
More testing 
more than meets the eye - fascinating glimpses of God's power and design. He's a creative and genius God. 
More than three dozen protesters were arrested 
More than wonderful weather, am so hot. Just had a cold shower to refesh. More hours in sun now. I've totally got a tan 
more thunderstorms... love this time of year.  
More to thank for #ff shouts @applemacbookpro @aefpix @BrienPeters @DianaRusso and heaps more. Sry will be here all night i now realise 
More Updates: MajorBarter Discussion Started, and First Payment Update! Subscribers check your email! 
More voting  http://tiny.cc/BjcYj The is a short we did sign up and vote for COFFEE&amp;CREAM and re tweets are apprciated but VOTE! thanks!
More wild japanese films from netflix. I love those asians. 
More wind, more sun, more fun 
More wonderful Squids  @janamurray @kmoor @affiliatetips @lakeerieartists @ekurit @JustBon4 @JenRoering #followfriday
Morgen !!!! Slept until 10 am, thanks to the thunderstorm 
Moring all. I hope it is hot today!  tweet tweet
MORING PEOPLE, I'VE BEEN UP SINCE 9! and my Meds worked, BEST NIGHT SLEEP EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR! 
mornig morning. the sun is shining and I couldn't be more happy 
Mornig twitters  Check out my new website design www.perros.cl  I'm expecting your feedback!!!!
Morniiingg  Dress warm today , loves .
Morniin my tweet hearts 
Morniing  watchin TV w/ mommy. She's happy about her gift )
Mornin'  What a great day to do big things 
Mornin' @BeckyKingston We're good thanks 
Mornin' all   i'm gettig ready to in to the lovely dairy
mornin all!  hope ur all well n had a nice wk end!       
Love nast, she's so pretty  http://bit.ly/4xbvFL
love new shoes  thanks wine lo
Love new toys. Firefox released new skins today to customize your tool bar. Away with the same old 
Love not having a flatmate; I can have a bath and walk naked in the flat non stop 
love on my mind 
Love Owl City? Listen to him: myspace.com/theabtheory! You'll love him just as well, promise!! 
love pinkpop 
Love ROCK OF AGES!!  Tony's!!!
Love russel howard he's freakin' awesome. Watching Friends nowsss 
Love seein ya wit sweatz a beater and J'z haha  perfect woman summer time
Love Sex Magic by Ciara feat. Justin Timberlake! I'm loving this song!  Party UP!
love sheep on new website http://defendingtruth.wordpress.com  
Love Sky, I still get to see BBC Scotland!! 
Love song for the night, &quot;All My Life&quot; by Gerry Beckley   Love and light ~ Joy
Love song for the night, &quot;Then&quot; by Brad Paisley.  Happy Mother's Day   Love &amp; Light ~ Joy
Love song for tonight, &quot;Harvest Moon&quot; by Neil Young.  Love &amp; Light ~ Joy 
Love Spongebob, love Toad. And this song. Thx for the reblip @mckra1g!   â™« http://blip.fm/~7tu6w
Love starting the day at the coffee shop... by the time i get into the office it feels like i've already put in a days worth of work 
Love Story by @taylorswift13 is on [V] 
love story of NILEY. they're awesooooome 
love sundays  relaxxxxxxxx
Love taking the dog to work on weekends. 
love talking to my boyfriend on the phoneeee 
love Taylor swift and feeling very pround of myself for campleting all my homework YAY!! x 
love taylor swift's song titled &quot;i heart question mark&quot; so much. 
LOVE taylor's new video 
Love that Boston has an unofficial holiday today  Marathon party at Leigh's in about an hour!
Love that everything is DONE now must I go shopping hmmmmm I just might! 
love that song too!!! 
Love that the Proverbs 31 woman was clothed in purple - an apparent LSU Tigers fan 
Love the &quot;New moon&quot; trailer, but it not following the book a lot 
love the @heineken_beer cab commercial!! Reminds me of a typical friday and/or sat night...LOL  http://bit.ly/UakE5
Love the cool weather! For some reason it sends out good vibes 
Mornin' All! Just waiting for the local blood lab to open. Aren't annual physicals fun? I thought vampires were up all night 
Mornin all! Slept thro bleddy alarm again!! I'm sooo late, #followfriday recs to come later in the day. Have a good Friday 
Mornin all, today is looking a whole lot better in Dublin, Ralph Hyland playing some choice rare groove and disco to match  powerfm.org
mornin every1 yahhhhhhhhh haHA pure still tired but gta go owt at 10 me m8s nockin urggg cba tho 
Mornin everyone,  just seen Bobby off, tired, late night and just feel so hungry yet sick :/
Mornin' everyone. 
Mornin' folks! And crikey what a gorgeous day! 
Mornin from me and vaz  southend today, got cramps :/
mornin peeps i'm back again  and it looks like its going to be one hell of beautiful long weekend!
mornin' ppl!! doing my monthly bills &amp; having my morning coffee   hoping to take kids to park &amp; enjoy the day!!
mornin ppl.   nother dull day.   goin out now.   c ya l8r.   
Mornin' tweeps 
Mornin tweeps. Well I got molested by randoms last night tryna c @SongzYuuup. I should charge em wit assault on the sexiest P.O. in V.A. 
Mornin tweepz. I woke up singing 
Mornin tweets 
mornin tweets, looking forward to a day at the marsh with the peeps 
mornin twitter  im off today . dont kno y im up so early but eff it . still mad at da celtics and i still hate da... http://bit.ly/OzErG
Mornin twitter world ! Happy 420  been blazin since last nite an bout 2 be blazin all day ! Jus woke up lets get it poppin an put sum  ...
Mornin' Twitter!  Woke up with the cold today.:|
mornin' twitterland  7am an im up earlly bout to get shorty ready for school...swimmin carnival all this week!
Mornin' twitters   Legal translation exam !! LET THE STRESS BEGIN !
Mornin ya'll BE PRODUCTIVE! 
Mornin Ya'll, funny how 1 of the first things I do, when I wake up, is to grab my iPhone and tweet. Priorities 
Mornin'! Fun weekend. If I told you what we did, you would think I was making it up! So, let's just say we planted hostas. Did that too! 
Mornin! Man, it feels good to chill out 
Mornin! Mum woke me up RREEEAAALLYY late- hair looks like a bombs hit it- buy i don care- 
MORNIN!! what the hell am i doing up so early? cant wait for vids comin out of vegas 
mornin!!!  thursday already?
Mornin!!! its friday! and tomorrow the weekend of poleness and fun is upon us! 
Mornin'...Gettin ready for @wavechurch Can't Wait 
morning   (11.49 am) had a weird day yesterday hangin' out with guys
morning   rainy and overcast today, I like that weather though. Organizing with cousin to see PT in Bristol I think.  have a good day!  
morning  @itsandre13 still awake? How ya'feelin? 
Morning  19 days !    I'm having a craving for a game of bop it ! X
morning  2 hours left in the maxim contest http://www.maxim.com/ please vote, my answers are on my blog. xx how was everyone's weekend?
Morning  a LOVELY day here in Blackheath, people already wandering around enjoying the sunshine
morning  actually in a good mood this morning !!!
morning  biz rev todays, then pizza express laters! xxx
Morning  breakfast then hanging with the fams! Have a great day! P.S. Someone please tell me we're in store for sunshine next week?
Morning  don't ask me why I'm up so early
morning  going to sit in the garden and revise once i've caught up with whats happening in the world 
Morning  Had a good night at ash's...suprisingly very awake despite going to sleep at 1
morning  had a longish sleep in til now on this last day of my hols! b/f was up at 5am for 12hrs O.T bless him. Today  be housework
Morning - I have citric acid - finally.  Doesn't take a lot to make me happy 
Morning  I have to do my huck finn outline today ughh
Morning  I woke up in the night feeling so ill like cold and dizzy with a temp n everything but now I feel completely fine hmm strange x
morning  im shatterd hardly slept and its the little sisters birthday 2day x
morning  just finished the first exam.. Waiting for the secong
Morning  just wokeup! I'm planning to revise today. Abit of both subjects so I don't get bored as usual
Morning  Monday is a busy day for me
morning  new day and i have a day off from work!!     I LIKE 
Love the diff style in music....such a contrast to the 1st album!  ? http://blip.fm/~6t2s7
love the fact that my daughter loves my singing- she is the only person in the world who still does- Sean wised up some time ago 
Love the family feud episode with the kardashians tonight 
Love the feeling of starting a new book!   
Love the G-Force trailer! Anyone want to watch it?  http://bit.ly/cMIm5
love the gym in the morning - just me and the retired dudes 
Love the heat/lightning miss it so much!! 
love the hills 
love the movie 
love the name of the company/site  http://pimpmytwitter.net/
Love the new Bluetooth head set I picked up today... It was expensive but worth it 
LOVE the new jonas brothers album 
Love the sense of humor esp your hair    http://lookbook.nu/look/156755
Love the song Human by the Killers 
LOVE the song Nina- Someday - AWESOME song  My fave part - someday someones gunna love me, the way i wanted you to need me
love the song Still Around by 30H!3. LOVE IT! 
Love the sound of rain knowing I can sleep in 
love the strange beings we production people are.... I really need to get on a set to remind me of why I love it so much 
love the sweat !!!! yohooo~ i feel fit for the following study hours 
love the way skype fades music back in when a call ends... i'm so easily impressed 
love the weekend 
Love these pictures that @jeffbalke (http://is.gd/12zaJ) and @groovehouse (http://is.gd/12ziS) took of the library this weekend.  
love this  thanx Via @commutekim ? http://blip.fm/~78p5o
love this @ShiaoMei  â™« http://blip.fm/~7q8mk
love this creepy part on the boat  probably one of my favorite movie scenes of all time.
love this one  santogold &quot;l.e.s. artistes&quot; ? http://twt.fm/65107 #musicmonday
love this pic  sooo pretty
Love this song  &quot;Push &amp; Pull&quot; - Nikka Costa http://blip.fm/~8572p
love this song  | Billy Joel â€“ My Life  â™« http://blip.fm/~8aqn5
LOVE THIS SONG SO MUCH  http://bit.ly/M9ZqP  fav song for weeks now 
Love this song too  SO TRUE !!! @sharonhayes: &quot;Barenaked Ladies ï¿½ One Week  ? http://blip.fm/~6gfj4
Love this song. You're just too good to be true .. can't take my eyes off of you ..  â™« http://blip.fm/~7dy0s
Morning  out with one group of friends this afternoon and another tonight! Busy busy day!
morning  quick cuppa then on with the housework....
Morning  Ridiculously tired, after staying up on the phone til 3.30am. *yawn*
morning  sorry for last night @michellehendra
Morning  thank God its friday... Hope everyone has a &quot;GREAT&quot; day...
Morning  This video is hilliourous http://tinyurl.com/cjylzx @selenagomez @selenajoey @kelliking You all rock &lt;3 x
MORNING  WOKE UP WTH A COLD. UGGH .
Morning !  @KeepWerking @farabovetheclou @Pixie101171  What time is it now in UK?
Morning #followfriday  @Aniyah @Beverleyknight @BrandyandIce @eBlondie @GABBYiSACTiVE @Kathrynelle @LaughingCowslip @lennyjam @quendrida
MoRninG ... Gonna try to get through this day slowly but surely 
morning / special k time  wooo
Morning @Mangowe, like the book review with the damning finale 
Morning @minx100 @zara4eva @mediacat1978 @hol234 let's put some more #TweetSchoolOnline stuff together this week! 
Morning @paulanicole13 
morning @sugar_bi @vickerella  cheerios, sunshine, today is a GOOD DAY
morning @TessMorris &amp; @mozwold   xxx
morning again.  
Morning all   Another lovely day!  Just been brainstorming on the phone with @boutiquelets , a Guildford based letting agent ....
morning all  (only just)  hope you all well.    
Morning all  and its a lovely day at last
Morning all  and what a beautiful day it is, torn between designing or going for a nice long walk in the sunshine.
Morning all - coffee and getting stuff ready for today 
Morning all  Feeling a bit better today...the cold has changed into a harder one.
morning all  had next to no sleep last night, feeling rough today. But the sunshine is making me feel a bit better 
morning all  hope everyone is well 
Morning all  How are we today?
morning all  how is every1? saturday, yay! huh?
Morning All  how is everyone
morning all  just been for a shower feel a lot better now 
Morning all  Last day off ;D
Morning all  lovely day in Leicester again only tainted slightly by the fact that i have to go to the dentist
Love this weather 
Love those days you wake up early and don't have to get up straight away 
Love those Shreddies adverts 
Love thy self above all else. aaaayt. 
love turns to hate... then back to love! smh! But this time I know what I'm getting myself into!  &lt;3 g'nite!
love u gays soo much.... wish you a great day 
love unexpected things 
love waking up to sun 
love waking up to the sound of rain  coffee. breakfast. good morning.
Love watchin bar fights n dudes gettin kicked in the head 
Love watching Come Dine With Me 
LOVE working out first thing in the morning  &quot;Endorphins make you happy. Happy people don't shoot their husbands! They just don't!&quot;
Love ya Daddy - still looking at *OUR* star. 
love ya F  u r my only one, my sister!  10 years&amp;more! 'cuz our friendship is forever ... yeii! 
love ya too 
Love y'all tweethearts! Gotta have some sleep first. Hang on, I'll tweet later. XOXO  OFF...
love you 6th street  ..sleeping at amanda &amp; scott's house in atx&lt;3
Love you all 
love you daddy  
Love you guys! You make me laugh! 
Love you ky chels and meg 
Love you mom! 
Love you too Austin Boston    &lt;3 mwah!  lol
Love you. Too bruh! 
Love your #bgt updates, I feel like I'm watching it too  Nice sparkly frock SuBo!
love your bracelet , necklace , shoes , dress . okay, everything ,  hyped http://lookbook.nu/look/160661
love your eyes   http://lookbook.nu/look/159701
love youuu ficeeee 
love, love, LOVE green day 
Love, love, love Martha Stewart and so happy  to be a follower. Presently baking her chocolate sugar cookies from the Cookie Cookbook.
love. is not a maybe thing,  its a forever thing 
loved Angels and Demons lastnight ,great movie ,i just wish i hadnt read the book before  http://bit.ly/axXCj
Morning all - VM Ware now running in Unity mode with XP which is pretty kool  HCI with BTEC 2nd Yr this am then with the twins from 3 
Morning all  what a beautiful day! Its days like this that make me wish I'd got a convertible car lol its friday yaaaay!! 
morning all  writing a few proposals and listening to pacific 202.
Morning all .. feeling a bit better today. Gonna get some work done 
Morning all ... Out last night so v glad to discover this morning that little Brummie breakdancing dude won his semi 
Morning all and a special welcome once again to new followers. You guys are the greatest 
Morning all hope everyone has a good weekend lined up 
Morning all hope you are all good, great for me got up to lovely sales on Zazzle 
Morning all its beautiful out already, glorious sunshine. Wash and vacum car Done, fill with petrol Done, bbq stuff buy Done. 
Morning all not many tweets to day my bb is sort of dying 
Morning all weather is quite bad ah well what can you do 
morning all!  feeling a little sleepy but still need to tidy this tip that i call my room! haha
Morning all!  Just heard the news about my Joey   Eeeeeekkkk!!  Had to come add him right away...LOL!!
morning all! ah the joys of not having to go to school  i &lt;3 study leave! last night was awesome, today should be good too! mood: pink!
MORNING ALL! BOOTIFUL DAY AGAIN  X
morning all! dan's in for tracy this morning. we need more coffee 
Morning all! Day 26...not Making the Band, though.  Day 26 of yoga = done!!!    Only 4 more days to go!
Morning all! Feeling quite lazy today so getting the bus to work 
loved being with my momma today 
loved Brandon flowers on @wossy he is mighty fine and sings good songs, good times all round 
Loved Britains got Talent this week.. for so many reasons 
loved BRYAN GREENBERG in bride wars! 
Loved Conan last night and is so excited he's in the earlier time slot 
Loved Conan tonight.  Still my fave.  
LOVED Coraline  also seriously considering dyeing my hair blue. thoughts?!lol
loved hanging with Jackie at the pool today 
Loved hot tubbing in the rain tonight! I missed CO summer time 
LOVED lauren conrad in family guy...she was hilarious...she's such a great sport 
loved living my dream of seeing keane and am now going to sing in a concert with the women's chorale! it's a weekend of concerts 
Loved mcfly on bbc 2day  @tommcfly you were so cute on the radio xx
loved mr. yogato at fells points with my favorite marypica 
Loved my late night phone call with my boy  g'night tweeps!
loved Obsessed! Could totally relate to @BeyonceKnowles  Anyway, nighty night, Twits &lt;3
loved playing football today &amp; so glad my prom dress is still as nice as i thought 
Loved playing vollyball in Christchurch meadows  
LOVED RENT @ the Olympia tonite! Seasons of Looooove...singing all the way to bed...a little guilty for giving in to more ice-cream love 
loved seeing char and meeting her fam they all seem like amazing people just like her 
loved spendin time &amp; partyin with her extended family tonight! felt like old times  goin to bed! gnightâ™¥
Loved taking a walk with Jerica tonight  that girl and I have been through hell and high water, but have stuck it through since grade  ...
loved the &quot;bad news&quot; sermon from The Village Church 
loved the Coldplay concert last night--they are definitely amazing live! And they passed out a free live cd after the show 
loved the day of speaking english, was a lot of fun 
Morning all! how are we this morning? 
Morning all! How's you? Another gorgeous day here, so heading out in this avo for a few hours. Off work tomorrow as well - YAY!!! 
Morning all! If u read then u know the weather is horrid! Am staying in my bed and suggest u do same! Well in ur bed, not mine obv 
Morning All! I'm Already Smiling...out &amp; about...it's a beautiful day &amp; I'm on my way 2 pick my man up! 
Morning all! Just been out running, gonna shower and eat breakfast now  xx
Morning all! Looks to be a rainy day today, better make sure we take an umbrella! 
Morning all! Negative Note: Slept funny. Now I have a sore neck! Positive note: I am now the proud owner of a Dwight Schrute bobble head! 
Morning all! Please check my new Coriandr blog post   http://bit.ly/60ODr
Morning all! Sat on the balcony with a large glass of Orange Juice and a coffee. Coffee is decaf. so not sure why I'm bothering! 
Morning all! Sunglasses on this morning! Devon's fab! 
Morning all! This week is going to fly by....3 days till lift off to NY  whoohoo...crunch time!
Morning all! V happy today after seein #girlsaloud last night, man u crowned champions and winning on my horse! 
Morning all! We are SUPPOSED to have a beautiful sun-filled week ahead. Enjoy it! Happy days are here again! 
Morning all! Well, its sunny and bright which has to be a good thing  I wonder what today will bring!
morning all! what a lovely day  the heat wave is over! we can go outside and not fell like we're in a toster 
Morning All!! Hope everyone has a great weekend!! Any suggestuons on other blockheads I should be following? 
Morning all!! I know i only work like 2 days a week... but work on a saturday is so cruel!! looking 4ward to tonite though....!!!  
Morning All!! Wearing a fluorescent pink cotton dress today for work and i LOVE it!!! 
Morning ALL!! WHAT an incredible start to the day! Sun is shinning, weather is gorgeous that alone is a feat for LONDON!! have a grt day! 
morning all!!! have a blessed day!!! 
morning all, another sunny day 
Morning all, another sunny day in London. Woo! 
Morning all, Apparently there is to be a movie of Twitter, what fun 
Morning all, back out the garden now today 
Morning all, glorious day outside today. I would go out and enjoy it but I've told the wife that I would do some spring cleaning 
Morning all, hope its a nice day where you are? Its beautiful here in Petersfield 
Morning all, how is everyone today? it is going to be a lovely day 
morning all, its bank holiday Monday in the UK at least, the rest of Europe is back to work, strange people the Brits, moving labour day 
Morning all, its the start of a new day. Today I train quads, another day that puts me on step closer to having the body I want!   
Morning all, looking nice &amp; sunny here on the coast! Happy days 
morning all, packing has been on the go for a while, its going to be a busy one as amazon has gone crazy! bring on the tea break! 
Morning all, seems the good British Weathers Heatwave is here - whooooooo  Suz xx
Morning all, time for me to go to the dentist after a shity week  but its monday, and I won't let last week hold me down
Morning all, typical grey &amp; wet bank holiday Mon so far today. :/ Off to photo gallery and paint gallery later, may treat myself. 
Morning all, we are going down Regents Park on Thursday, if you fancy a kick about, all welcome 
Morning all, woke up naturally this morning about 20min ago which was nice  On with acoustic design and console design, so much to do
Morning all.  It's nearly the weekend 
Morning all.  Last call on domains that need to go  http://www.siphilp.co.uk/articles/171.aspx
Morning all.  My last week at work until my week off and i'm so looking forward to it 
Morning all.  The long weekend begins. Hooray, and that.
Morning all. Another hectic weekend... Beach, sun, sea, wine, food, festivals, friends, good times.....   I love it here 
Morning all. Another lovely day here. Will try to make the most of outside today 
Morning all. Another stunning day. I've gotten far too used to this sun 
Morning all. Anyone watch &quot;Mary Queen of Charity Shops last night?&quot; Loved the lady who'd been there 12 years, yet to be till-trained! 
Morning all. Bright &amp; sunny West Cork. Temp 10.1C rising 1.4C/hr. Wind calm, barom 1016mb rising 0.17mb/hr - Wall to wall sunshine 
Morning all. First tea of the day, and just about to record the voiceover for a documentary about modern Druidry. Good times 
Morning all. Good to see all your avatars are back  felt a little 'twilightish' there for a bit  haha
Morning all. Happy June!  
Morning all. Have a great day everyone 
Morning all. Hope you slept well. Its sunny up north  About to go to @N3ph4lim's n pick kids up for skool run then hi ho hi ho..........
Morning all. I got quite a bit of mag design inspiration last night (http://tr.im/ovKG), still looking for more though 
Morning all. If anyone cares what I'm having for breakfast, I'm having coffee and a fresh peach. That's it. 
Morning all. I'm on a mission to get all my ironing done and put away!!! Fingers xx  and I'm doing it in the sunshine  
Morning all. I'm so happy that's it's friday. BANK HOLIDAY WEEKEND BABY!!! 
Morning all. It's Monday. Sigh. Trying to have a positive outlook on the day, but it's being difficult already. 
loved the hangover 
loved the last episode of greek 
Loved the Leo Sayer video background visuals 
Loved the long wknd it was...5 days  bt it is back to skwl tom ;-(  i onlt have 2 exams left then it will be a week of school.
Loved the movie 
LOVED the MTV Movie Awards - totally worth not studying 
Loved the NEW MOON trailer  Can't wait for it to come out! TEAM EDWARD!
loved the night at the borgata  i wish we could take advantage of the one free night per week offer
loved the previews of JBs new songs cant wait 4 cd 2 come out 
Loved the rain for a little bit  at wynn elementary selling smoothies . Kinda slowewwwwwww
Loved the short run in the rain with my new nike shorts! 
LOVED the sun so much today! spent rather too much money on clothes... actualy realy looking forward to college tomorow! 
loved this'Obama rescued GM last week, this week in Middle east. next week,is his toughest challenge yet, 2 save Jon&amp;Kate+8' hahaha,funny 
Loved UP!!!  I want to be Mr Fredrickson someday.  
Loved UP. After taking a movie break from fooding, @thisgirlangie and I feasted at O Chame. Food coma = bedtime! 
loved Vagabond's new songs on thursday 
loved watching the MTV Twilight...I mean Movie...Awards with her sister  We both were squirmy during the trailer &lt;3
loved working at the kennels this weekend had 3 pups come stay, i love puppies!!! so so cute 
loved yesterday. again soon! 
Loved~ Loved~ Loved Wolverine!!!! my daughter blushed when hugh was naked ) Hugh what an amazing job~ and Body holy moly 
loveddd seeing josh kelley live at HOB last night! soooo good live 
Lovee McFly And Girls Alouds New Songs  Ox
lovee the weather  life dunt get much better thann this
Loveing the fabbb weather  tannn
loveliest day in a while! 
Lovely #followfriday hugs/kisses/blush recipients: @MarieLancup, @RevzNexus, @EpicureanJourny, @SashaKane, @VikerJeans &amp; @StCyrlyMe2  
lovely blog  http://sinhalasindu.wordpress.com/ , clean and neat
Lovely coffee 
lovely day  examsss on monday =/
lovely day  I need ï¿½ï¿½$ï¿½$$ï¿½ï¿½$$ï¿½$ï¿½
Lovely day again 
Lovely day at the beach with friends. SPF 30 keeps off the sun and a tan 
lovely day here today , just had a bbq 
Lovely day in the sun  Now I have to write a paper...oh the life of a perpetual student
lovely day outside today 
Lovely day with mom, picnic at Kelso Lake. Tonight: Movie and Drinks with Shazza! 
Lovely day!  Heading to my hair appointment at 2:30pm then hitting the gym! Xo
lovely dinner at ciopinot with cal.  now out and about. 
lovely evening out with the hubby-Tony Boombozz &amp; Spring Awakening.  Now watching the Tonys 
Lovely evening with her spaniard and denhamite!! 
Lovely evening, long but productive night - I heart the Reality TV Awards  now sleep?
Lovely girl  - http://twitpic.com/69agn
Lovely man in Hibernian just saved me ï¿½57 on my annual travel insurance 
lovely margarita  http://tinyurl.com/cg8wub
Lovely morning 
Lovely morning ppl!!! Awesome Monday so far, lets keep it going 
lovely morning. chilling in bed with the papers and listening to prince. heading down to sounds from other city later. sun is shining. 
Lovely muveee... 
Lovely night, guys. Full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
Lovely non-traditional wedding today.  The bride wore navy 
Lovely Rainy Weather As usual In England  Cant Wait for Holiday in Toronto  x
Lovely run over the Vilano Bridge a few times. Crimson sunrise, manatees, and a well behaved Chubers. Could not ask for a better run. 
lovely shooping day got a nice new darling dress and  a new summer dress  BGT final  x
lovely sl wont load up gaaa ok mayb a good thing cos lots to do,nooo escape this time  to w8 is to stay put,to do something to move 4ward
lovely summer weather  going tesco then sunbathing i think 
Lovely sunny day off to the albert dock with lots of kids look like old mother hubert lol  aud xxx
Lovely sunny day! 
lovely sunny morning + skirt and sandals + great coffe = good mood 
Lovely sunny morning, chores, shopping then BBQ by the lake 
Lovely times! 
Lovely to see all of the tweets about drawing and sketching coming out of #uxlondon today. More please. 
lovely weather again  (sorry, im english and this is a momentous occasion for our country) Hair dying and gym later...my poor legs/feet
Lovely weather again today bloody rain what happened to the lush sunshine!?! anyway home from work blah now time for a cup o coffee  hehe
lovely weather methinks 
lovely weather today it makes everything seem worthwhile 
lovely weather today wooo  off to the hospital to see me lovely nan and bring her some grapes hehe! lata xx
lovely weekend off of work  now I have to try to go to bed before 5 am though.
lovely weekend with the boyfriend in sunny london. ucl ball at 02 last night was wicked 
Lovely, got myself a new facebook vanity name facebook.com/awesome.developer .. 
Lovely124: I'm not funny I'm serious....you wanna send me money?  http://tinyurl.com/m4k6ty
loven my friend... brunch?  and im sure some sex and the city style gossip 
Lover thunder storms 
loverly lil weekend ahead. budgeting/planning, apt. hunting, DMB at Fenway tomorrow with my bear 
lovers in japan *  en repeat!
loves @bendennis video chats &amp; can't wait for @julespari to wake up tomorrow &amp; see the BBM's she sent 
loves @ianwesley 's impromptu phone calls 
loves @Jonasbrothers new song paranoid 
loves a rainy sunday.....ahhhhh... my bed feels so goooooooood! 
loves airports  idk why?!
loves all the seniors so much.. im going to miss them all so much!  sara i love you!
loves an #English accent. 
loves Anneshia and shaved ice   
loves apple pie and ice cream 
Loves Army Wives! 
Loves awkward shows! 
Loves being a nanny 
loves being with friends! I enjoyed tonight's brief meeting!  http://plurk.com/p/ukd4x
LOVES BING   http://bit.ly/vXdww already used on ninemsn
loves bournemouth, watching the clouds disappear before my eyes whilst basking in the sunshine! 
loves Brighton in the sun .... CDs back today 
loves carmen de los santos &lt;3 jesus loves you carmen... it'll be alright 
Loves carrie very very very much 
Loves cereal at 2 a.m. 
Loves chats with good friends. Feeling much better 
LOVES Chris Daughtry's so No Surprise. 
loves church and the her servers!! I want more Praise and Worship  And to hell with you H1N1!! http://plurk.com/p/rev4e
loves come dine with me  even though it's a repeat
loves Conan O' Brien. Thank God for taking over Jay Leno 
loves crossing things off her to-do list 
loves date nights with her girls. 
loves de visa go ad and de airtel broadband ad. 
Loves drinking 3/4 of a fifth of crown.     yay!
Loves early morning jogs 
loves Eastlink... 10 mins from Blackburn Rd  to Eastlink on High Street Rd... 3 mins to Ringwood. 
loves eating  http://plurk.com/p/xcwoz
loves encouraging and writing notes to others 
loves FB purity script! no more quizzes 
loves Flixster  Have a nice day!!
loves fresh pineapple!! mmmmmmmm 
loves Glamour goody bags.  And loves Adele even more for giving a shout out to Paloma. 
Loves Gods timing, its amazing. 
loves Google's code names for Android updates...first &quot;Cupcake&quot; and now &quot;Donut&quot; 
loves GRID and LOST on the xbox, and my xbox live gamertag is M4ttyyy so add it ya'll, driving lesson tomoro :l, bed now night 
loves hanging out and doing nothingness with people she like @ the new apt 
loves having a bedroom you can fit more than just a bed inside  housewarming afoot methinks
loves hearing good news from people and seeing their happiness 
Loves Hearing What People Thinks Of Her... So Can't Wait To Leave This Hell Hole 
loves helping buyers find the perfect place 
Loves her bestie... and what,  Bitches!  sweet dreams babies. xoxo
Loves her besties..without them I'd be nothing...and he is oh so wonderful 
loves her bogof house 
loves her boy friend/husband to be ( in due time) 
loves her boy so much. 
loves her boyfriend very much 
loves her boyfriend.    Work today 3:00- 10:00 at Ice Cream Time.
loves her boys  'specially her good friend alex yi.
LOVES HER BRIGHTLY COLORED, BOOTY SHAKING, KICK BALL CHANGING BFFS 
loves her cousins 
loves her crybaby 
loves her friends and can't wait for CSz tomorrow 
Loves her friends who don't work on Saturday nights. Now movie night with the family 
loves her future roomies so much! 
loves her music man 
loves her new apartment, now needs to go guinea pig shopping 
loves her new BMW 
loves her some The Soup. 
loves herself...do you love you...dueces ppl 
loves him 
Loves his mummy very very much and is so proud she won the raffle, she deserves it! You're awesome mummy i love you 
loves his new Acrylic Notebook Cooling Pad. Now I can play all the extreme graphics games on the go 
loves his new fone. its so sleek 
loves his new Twitter-BR-Image 
loves his PraiseTEAM family  I will never forget the past 7 years with you all!
Loves his seeeester 
loves how everyone is up as late as me studying for finals  i feel like a true college student 
Loves How To Lose A Guy In 10 Days!! And also loves the fact that I'm not working tomorrow!! 
loves it that the first Monday of May is a Bank Holiday!  http://plurk.com/p/roxar
loves it when Fev kicks 8 goals.. 
loves it when mom and dad come to visit! nothin better 
Loves it!!! finally its the wknd!! its off to the club I go tonite 
loves jb's new song..&quot;fly with me&quot; fantastic.! 
Loves Jesse McCartney  Best Album ever &quot;Departure&quot; n should be recognized more. There is no song on here that you wouldnt wanna listen to.
loves John Mayer's updates.  And modeling in the hot sun... and being sweaty... jk. But seriously...
loves Kate Hepburn in 'Rooster Cogburn'  Oh, and some guy named John Wayne ain't half bad either... 
loves katey price 
loves kimberly walsh... shes soooo pretty 
loves long rides home on country roads, listening to David Cook... watching it lightening!! 
loves louie (my husband!) 
Loves lying in bed listening to the rain 
loves mamma mia..should watch it but twilight comes first 
loves me some Shane and Michele and can't wait to see them!!! 
loves mexican sheep and awkward girls bible studies 
Loves Monday nights with David 
loves my baby Ashley!!! 
loves my cuzins@ JoelMadden In the hotel lobby on the computer listening to Good Charlotte... It was nice to run from DSM for a lil min 
loves my friends more then pudding. 
loves my new layout. Parang geom lang eh, line design.  http://plurk.com/p/vgazm
loves naps during the rainy afternoons! Sarap uli matulog nang ganun  http://plurk.com/p/pbwrh
loves nights out and driving through sketchy places... buahaha  â—Šâ—Š xx
Loves not having uni work to do 
Loves nothin better then chillin on a Sunday....well not completely true 
Loves nothing more than to write a nice long blog when my emotions are just too much to handle. 
loves OWL CITY! ) they are soo techno yet,, ansarap pakinggan  at my meaning ang kanta  waaaaaah  http://plurk.com/p/uj7k5
loves payday fridays!!! i am actually going to spoil myself this weekend, well deserved. 
loves peach schnapps 
Loves Photography alot  &lt;3
loves Pop Goes Punk. The other people on the bus have no idea how ironic I am. Off to my first day of work! 
Loves pringles are on better than half price @tesco  nom nom nom
Loves Rachel. But she is insane. Sheesh. 
loves rain, especially when she is inside and she can just watch it...sometimes I wish it was purple though so I could sing Prince 
loves reading all those celebrity tweets!!!   Too funny
loves reading Kevin Smith's funny updates 
loves relaxing on Sundays 
loves rock'n the air guitar to journey in the wee hours of the morning whilst not waking my roommate 
loves ruining moments for her friends 
Loves sandwich's musoc video!!!! Mamamanilaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Loves saturday! Farmers market, coffee and football with the boys. then off to count my stores, hopefully perfect inventory 
loves Selena gomez!!! she's very,very cool!!! you rock, selena!!!  http://plurk.com/p/113pmf
loves shopping when its not my money 
loves singing.  my pal : Regina
Loves smart, intelligent conversation where wisdom is gained. 
loves spending time with my daddy  but thinkin its time for some sleep!
loves summer break and the fact that i don't have to be at work until 3:30 so i can sleep in til 10 
loves summer. haven't 'tweeted' in a while, been a busy bee 
Loves summers filled with laying by the pool 
Loves Sunday morning lie-ins 
loves Sundays! .... 
loves sundays, because i go to mi dads for mi dinner and i dont have to worry about food poisoning of mi mums a shit cook. 
loves Swine Flu right now!!!  http://plurk.com/p/z1gkd
loves talking on the phone to random strangers that become friends 
loves that her life is going in the perfect direction. She couldn't get any luckier 
Loves that her neighbor felt nice and mowed her yard 
loves that one of the BEP's old songs criticises songs that just go &quot;boom boom&quot; and says they aren't real music ahaha 
loves that the house she owns is 8 minutes from the yoga studio! 
Loves that wine makes the heart glad! 
loves the #pughug crazyness  loves loves #pawpawty all us pals !
loves the advice given to me by a good friend 
loves the air, the boys, and the wishes. 
loves the beautiful morning and thanking God for such an amazing mom and for being able to spend all day with her yesterday! 
loves the fact that i have the time to update now.  http://kcasti.blogspot.com/2009/04/it-took-me-away.html
loves the kindness of strangers  restores faith in human kind.
loves The Maine 
loves the name Infin9e. Of course, I was the master mind what. 
loves the new metric video. 
loves the new moon trailer 
Loves the new song!  When Love Takes Over -david guetta...xxxxx
loves the new YSL shoes 
Loves the opera 10 beta, cant wait for the official release  Oooft  i recon ive fallen in love with opera all over again 
Loves the peace and quiet moments... 
loves the people in her life 
loves the performance of Sponge Cola and Gary V @ MTV Exit....  http://plurk.com/p/xxk3j
loves the pics taken in the supermodelme.tv event last Friday!  http://plurk.com/p/117erk
loves the smell of bonfires 
loves the smell of roast in the oven - thanks @sharnazzle for the ideas! 
loves the smell of wet pavement in the afternoon rain 
loves the sounds, and my new hair kicks ass. oh, and 4 days till paramore 
loves the summer 
Loves the summer. It drives the semi-naked girls outside 
Loves the sunshine 
Loves the video to &quot;Papparazzi&quot; Lady GaGa! 
loves the warm sunshine on my shoulders 
loves the way he starts a conversation 
loves the weather and goes on a bike tour with her doggy now 
Loves the weather!  - http://tweet.sg
loves this beautiful weather and plans to have a BBQ later  
loves this hot and sunny weather  shame I have to be productive instead of just sunbathing all day.
loves this hot hot heat 
loves this sunshine and is getting in the mood for holiday with Pete next week 
Loves this weather 
Loves this wedding!  I want to steal the table cloths.
loves those late night conversations 
loves Titanic too 
Loves to color in the morning 
loves TO PLAY VOLLEYBALL!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/11dg3w
loves to ride around the sota with mary leigh @fbc_936tx 
LOVES TO SCAN HER OLDIES FILMS    
Loves Twetting With My American Pal Ashley!  ... Night Twitter 
loves twilighttt and thinks robert pattinson is quite dishy 
loves twitter 
loves twitter - wants a blackberry to twitter all the time 
loves twitter! 
Loves warm spring mornings 
loves watching Amelie  So delicious.
loves watching Nanny 911! 
loves wedding season...  
loves what I have and wouldn't trade it for the world. 
Loves what today will bring-Brfast with a great gf, funfair with the kiddies, TFC with my bud, then a cool band with my fella  good day
Loves when her friends call just to say hi. And wonders if u can get a contact high over the phone?  Now I need to run until I get tired. 
LOVES when Treble Charger - American Psycho comes on  PS: I appologize for my twitter suckage lately &lt;3
Loves when you pray with people and they get the holy ghost , especially when there little 
loves when Zach and Justin cook for me!! Thanks guys!! 
Loves you! Woo 400  now I feel complete.
loves YouTube 
Loves, loves, loves Casa Feliz! The food, the service, the margaritas! 
Lovess her daddy for making her hamburger helper lol 
lovessss getting free stuff from work 
lovessssssssss the summer!  aint no sunshine when she's gone like... oh wait, there is! mwhaha, how wrong u were shaun smith!..
lovey  Miss you and want to Muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh u
Loviing the raiin  x.
lovin 1985 - bowling for soup 
Lovin BB! Yep, that's right - Bill Bailey 
Lovin data entry on a Monday morning at work that's a bank holiday for most! 
Lovin' It - @thebeachgirl5 FOLLOW THEM! 
lovin JLS new single ..http://bit.ly/1ayb8K  
lovin life 
LOVIN' LIFE 
Lovin life right now! 
lovin' MTV right now 
lovin my biffle @beckharkin she came to cook for me cos i'm a cripple , come chat with us and discover how weird we are 
Lovin my friend Kristina Noel right, she's in complete aww right now, her husband's comin home soon 
lovin my new blackberry 
lovin' my new blackberry 
Lovin my new george gina &amp; lucy bag 
Lovin my other-other bf, (via @katybaben) is that me?  xoxo :*
lovin my time in Pensacola, cant wait til the Corpsman ball  &lt;3
Lovin my vegetable garden! And the garden is lovin all this rain! Works out for the both of us pretty well. 
lovin pippin..101k n still goin strong lol 
Lovin' summer... good one too.. ive written a few songs 
lovin' the @hillywoodshow 'Dark Knight'!  
lovin the cold. ready to dance. i aint takin ur b.s 
lovin the forecast this week  it's going to be a great week! not that much homework and lots of fun planned!!
lovin the ipod touch. pretty sweet...jonas brothers on shufffle 
LOVIN' the new BBG program! Great motivation to get moving &amp; get toned up!  Just walked to the library and did butt &amp; arm workout! Woot!
Lovin the sun 
Lovin' the sun 
Lovin the SUNSHINE! The new bid started today 
lovin the sunshine!! got a slight tan goin on AND its not fake... for once 
lovin the weather 
Lovin' the weather 
Lovin' the weather!. Sittin in the sun.. Txt me if you need me  x
Lovin' this little @tiffstreats surprise  http://twitpic.com/6s9mx
Lovin' this sunny Saturday 
lovin this weather - gettin ready to feel the earth in my hands 
Lovin twitter more and more everyday 
lovin virginia! hopefully ill pick up an accent 4 a lil while 
Lovin' Wordpress 2.8 
Loving &quot;Glee&quot;! Hilarious. 
loving @alzmilz...shes my new girlfriend 
Loving @brodigan wearing the Shades inside the meeting. 
loving @coldplay tweets because most of them are from Guy 
loving 90's week while i straighten 
Loving a last minute night out in Southport avec S, LS, F, D &amp; D! 
Loving a long weekend!  
Loving all these frenchies... Second purchase after the bottega bag after I start workinggg 
loving an old episode of Inspector Morse 
loving ash 
loving being rugged up with a cup of tea 
Loving Cup final day  COME ON YOU TOFFEE'S
loving europe 
loving every minute of my life 
loving fall out boy right now. 
Loving first class.... On my way to London   http://twitpic.com/6i9s7
loving God and aspiring for the stars  doing what i have to do so i can do what i want to do
Loving Google's Tetris-inspired logo this morning [SQUARES]  Eating morning chili, then going to work!
loving having her baby belly and really believes in fate 
loving her awesome safari desk lamp! 
Loving her husband's new tattoo.  It has 3 names + one date.  
loving http://www.myspace.com/lowfrequencyoscillator LOF music 
Loving hulu  maybe my funky hours wont make me miss  every show I ever used to watch now.  
loving life  commmon get higher (8) cant wait for summer ! gonna be so epic !
LOVING LIFE AND i hope great things happen to me in my path 
loving life everyday xD! why waste? 
Loving life!!! How about you??? 
Loving life. Still talking a lot more over at @gradontripp. See me there. 
loving loving loving Star Treck 
loving mac's Shy Shine! finally a perfect nude-pink lippy! 
loving Mafia Wars on facebook.. 
Loving my best buddy, holly 
Loving my boyfriend for being so tech savy and preparing for my departure no disneyworld tomorrow. Yay Florida! 
Loving my life n the man in it 
LOVING my life right about now 
Loving my life right now 
loving my netbook...so impressed it's comparable to my son's 2 Duo laptop, minus the optical drive 
Loving my new haircut 
Loving My New Hairr  Yaaay!
Loving my new HR monitor 
Loving my new iPod touch!!!! &lt;3  
LOVING my new Kindle2.  Named her Kendra in case u were wondering. The "cookbook" is THE tool cuz it tells u all the tricks!  Best gift EVR!
loving my new layout 
loving my new room changes! i heart my new bedside table  its so wicked
Loving my new toys  Ended up exchanging my HD for a Mybook.. soooo trustworthy  got a wifi network too now.. and I tapped into (cont)
loving my new tv 
loving my new twitter pic 
Loving my outfit for the day  american eagle top, skinny jeans and steve madden shoes. I feel NYC readyyy 
Loving my palm  pre  http://tinyurl.com/p3bhjh
loving no schoooool!..lots of sleepp &amp; nothing to do   one more week left then chemistry 102 next weekk...ohhh nooo!!! =[
Loving One Tree Hill tonight 
loving phuket with melai and badette. i'll be coming home soon  imiss everyone 
LOVING PUCCA AND I WAS upload alot of things of it &lt;3 LOL  AND YEAH I CHANGED MY PROFILE THEME!! It become Too CuuuuuTTE!! ;D
loving red box free movie codes 
loving season 2 of Pushing Dasies 
loving so much Arif Ayubi 
loving summer... or summer loving? 
loving sushi on stanley 
Loving that @ThisisDavina has Twitter wooo hoooo 
Loving that feeling you get when you are wearing a new sharp suit 
Loving the BB house..  @OfficialBB
loving the beach today!It's great down here!!! 
Loving the block button right about now. Don't need any spam bots following me from &quot;undesirable&quot; people 
loving the book recommendations from @fashion_victim 
Loving the british weather, it's so hot  BBQ today yipee 
loving the celeb pics @ the awards. it pays to follow famous people  hah watching the speidi wedding now!
loving the chocolate coloured hair. was swayed to not have it chemically straightened. alright then 
Loving the cold  And I want YOU to apply for the March of Dimes Collegiate Council! Want details? Msg me!
Loving the colours in the new uniform scarf! And the design reminds me of Pucci! 
loving the dave matthew's special on hulu...man, so good 
Loving the dirty msn chats with the b.f, 
Loving the energy at #swb09. Yay people 
Loving the English weather today. So nice and sunny 
Loving the fact my hubby threw newspapers on the floor after reading them. He's BACK! 
loving the fact of having a lazy day from the gym, and gonna watch rugby all day  almost heavan
loving the gloomy summer weather!! 
loving the great weather in Oceanside. 
LOVING the hangover and bradley cooper....mmmmmmmmmm  
Loving the hot english weather 
Loving the iced coffee we made at the office  Perfect for this 80 degree day!
loving the idea of 3 weeks in Austrailia and a few days in Tokyo on tour with my hubby and boys  let's see if work will go for it...
loving the jacuzzi 
Loving the JB rolling stones outtakes  and had a funnight with the friendss
Loving the look of MS Outlook in Office 2007 
Loving the MTV Movie Award 
Loving the new cabinet in the bathroom - more room for stuff! Gotta maximize every square inch in condo living  Or downsize stuff. Nah.
LOVING the new computer! Learning some PSCS4....should probably be sleeping 
Loving the new fast internet. It's time to get those software upgrades for my Mac! 
loving the new jonas brothers album, can't wait to see them and Miley Cyrus (LL) in concert!!! 
loving the new moon trailer. can't wait till november 
loving the new paramore stuff!  im so happyyyy. youtube &quot;ignorance&quot;.
loving the new phone..... 
loving the new song from lady gaga, love game 
Loving the pasta I made for dinner tonight.  for whatever reason, I cook better when I just throw stuff into the pot!
Loving the peace and quiet right now. Just me and the dogs and Rufus-my guinea pig. 
LOVING THE RAIN!!!! 
Loving the rainy San Diego weather today. Reminds me of the east coast. 
loving the random showers we keep getting in socal... 
loving the roses Jay brought home for our anniversary 
Loving the shining sun 
loving the sleep ins atm... holiday's are so great, if only they went for longer... 
Loving the smell of lilacs comming in through my friends apartment sliding door. 
Loving The sound of the rain, its soothing  Maybe it will help me go back to sleep ...
loving the sun 
loving the sun  sitting in the garden right now sunning myself yey! 
Loving The Sun ! 
loving the sun , listening to some you me at six 
loving the sun! 
loving the sun! Global Warming at it's best 
loving the sunshine  drinking a milkshake oh yeah 
Loving the sunshine and the beats! 
Loving the sunshine in my shorts and t-shirt    enjoy it while it lasts
loving the sunshine, appointment at bike shop on Wednesday 
loving the sunshine....long may it last 
loving the sunshine...poolside!! 
loving the Swedish summer. Hot chicks, tan and badminton on the beach. Life does NOT get any better 
Loving the weather  ... Let's hope it's the same for the rest of the weekend!
Loving the weather again today get those shorts on a shake that booty 
@megfowler I walked by a flip-flop store on W.4th today and thought of you. And I think I have a FB account, I can add you 
@megfowler well, i can help with a)... 
@Meggan88 I hate you! lol 
@MegganW I decided on Sense and Sensibility, the recent mini-series . . 
@meggie_moo1 because their real age is their current age minus ten. 
@MeggieMargarita come up here!  bring me some food.
@MeggieMouse what are you going 40 hours with out? i'd say my computer or my phone but i did that last week and i didnt care at all.. 
@Meggl3s Never does.... never will my friend 
@Meggs_3lizabeth yeah, working is kind of lame! but the money is good good  haha i'm going to text you in the morning dear! &lt;3
@Meggs14 Well you can say that as much as you want. 
@meggybear15 : your picture... almost the same as selena gomez's... 
@meggymooloos I think you had way too much chocolate before you went 2 bed. That always give u funny dreams 
@meghab @ImproveLife  Your welcome! 
@meghan7x Happy birthday in 2 hours and 54 minuets  Haha
@meghanak Twitting is fun here, just start writing 
@MeghanAlanna yes i love manchester orchestra,and sigur ross. all the other bands ive never heard of but ill give them a listen. thanks 
@meghanbits I win your contest and I get to treat YOU to Sushi?? Funny girl!! 
@meghanbomboy have an awesome day. 
@meghanelaine - I knew that.  I was so agreeing with you -- I'm so sorry if that wasn't clear. 
@meghaneyr  goodnight megers.  Thanks for helping me out the last few weeks.  You are trully one of my favorite peeps of all time.  
@meghankathleen that is what I heard, August especially, oh well both are still great cities so its worth it 
@meghankoos great meeting you this week  whatever happens, things will work out amazingly
@meghanmacleod Your deformed ass better be in school today. Kidding.  But you better be there, I did not want to get out of bed today D:
@meghannian ::nibbles:: Love your bites!  Oh, and I got a nap today too, it was AWESOME! Naps=Good
@meghanwilliams goo but not as good as yours. 
@meghanwilliams yeah, it's mostly on purpose 
@meghmik like a distortion guitar at 4 am? 
@MeghnaK  and makes me a Polyemailist   i just create 'em to check out the features and reserve my name on the email domains!
@meghornby onooes :o who  made you? iv just watched cos  new dvd ye see ;)
@meghorny argh in an excited way  argh! haha &lt;3
@meginaregentina story of my life right now babe... come home and we can wallow in our sorrows together 
@megkautz I was having a bad hair day yesterday ha. My sister bought it at Forever 21 in Bahrain. Might be online somewhere 
@meglbee I was thinking of you when I heard &quot;Waking Up In Vegas&quot; on the radio this morning! Har har 
@MegLizzy DOOD! I'm going tooooo! 
@MegLizzy KK sounds like a plan 
@meglopresto LOL! Benefits, babeee. Benefits!  Come join the team 
@megmcneal I trust that everything's ok! take care 
@megodbike I wish it was in the afternoon over here 
@megrstew dollar debbie was looking for a partner in crime 
@megsandbacon a real life example of what  looks like
@megsandbacon haha. thanks 
@megsandbacon Hahaha is this your epic atheist grandpa who sent me a long long email about it for my article last year? 
@MegsEggs very. ooh nice  yummy.
@MegsEggs Yes! Positivity is an excellent thing! 
@megsiebaby12 and I am Kerry  how are you?
@megsly07 crazy fun 
@megsly07 Then I'll wait semi-patiently lol. I love Jackson Rathbone lots 
@megsnuffy  naw born in france raised in portugal used to line in new york tho
@megspeaks I found your rhino 
@megspeaks LOL, don?t worry...i plan on winning SEASON2! But thank you 
@megspeaks Thanks, will do! And please let us know if u have any ideas, resources, etc that might be interested? Thanks! 
@megspptc Good Knight will have to chat soon 
@megspptc How was ur Anderson blogging 
@megspptc im JEALOUS in other words !!!  MUAH
@megspptc ladies room fo sho !   miss ya ... and its 33 days my love
@megspptc Ooops sorry...was thinkin from my house LOL!! @Woth2982 is right 
@megspptc yeah i saw that...TINK everywhere 
@megsruggles pretty, tho, if clear!  I would imagine the buses r better considering the happy preponderance of crunchy peeps up there! ;)
@Megu_heart_Nino lol what time is it there? It's 3:30am here so... good morning to me~ XD Ok, I'm REALLY going now 
@MeguMiya Thank you 
@MegWink Other elevators I think. These ones over here only go to 11 or 12. Had ground floor for lunch 
@Megzillasaurus No... it's really an epic die 
@megzmegz &lt;-- follow my girl meagan 
@Megzx yes once each for diversity and stavros flatey.lol 
@MegzyTred But my van has never looked bettah! 
@meha13581 sorted na... now just chill... n spaazzzzz 
@mehdig happy birthday to thrm both - from &quot;the ladies&quot;. 
@MeHeartRihanna aw, i love it  she looks beautiful.
@MehLizza: haha! idkk! xP lol. well let me fiqure out thy details! 
@mehmel mhmm, sure! what day? 
@MehulHarry Amen brother. Will need to wait a bit for the rest of the world to see it before commenting on it thought 
@mehulved good job..  i've always beleived in speaking up for the right.. 
@mehulved hmmm I was half expecting you to join in yourself 
@mehulved I'm fine with Transcend  You think I should go to alfa too? L.road?
@mehulved Thanks for stopping by my Flickr stream 
@mehulved works  You have open incoming ports?!
@Mei84 Hello! I'm good being a busy little bee  And how are you dear?
@meiBABY but KCAL 9 said Lenox area and they r a more reliable source. 
@meijt How ya doin? 
@meika Ah, thanks for clearing that up 
@meika It is all good now! 
@meikio guck mal bei wkw!!!   #mcflyforgermany #mcflyforgermany #mcflyforgermany #mcflyforgermany #mcflyforgermany #mcflyforgermany
@meiko911 idk but i love everything he has to say 
@meiliteh Hi meili.. Long time no c.. How's life in UTP? 
@MeiNg I'll settle for The Last Lecture by Randy Pausch instead. He is inspirational. 
@MeiTingT Haha, its just for fun, started recently only thou 
@mejpg not everything is ruined  dont be sad Jesse 
@MekiaRaJean I've thought about it but they would get nothing done.  So they're motivation is going out once they're finished.
@Mekinudols : blessed sunday din sayo meki 
@mekkanikal saturday night and u still working  .. come on... @bhooshan 
@mekkanikal you dont have to then worry to find out softwares specially made for Mac 
@mekkeon nope, my hair has never been changed... natural color...  ill keep it that way for as long as I can
@MekQuarrie yeahh i love cancer bats, seen em before  thanks ^^
@mel_b_angel Shall hope (and plan) for May 16th then. And never fear, I shall pick up the slack when it comes to shots. 
@mel_issamarie  ok cool just making sure ya know
@Mel_McD OMG IT WAS JUST SO AMAZING! 
@mel_rocks yes..yes they do!  ahah i wonder if justin will sing a lead?
@mel0d Lol, I neede that on a monday morning 
@mel0d Lol, yes I am much better, although my mouth is on fire now 
@mel2thdoc as usual Mel, you say what we all are thinking 
@mel95 Thanks   Im happy that theres people who are helpful and nice like you.  One day i shall acknowledge everyone who has been helpful!
@melaarag wait, this is just the beginning of summer in dubai.. Next month you will be evaporating 
@MelaDeBou I did honey. Without a scratch 
@meladebou not sure whatnetwork it's for... but it's a really fun cartoon character... she's queen B of her school  and a brat
@MelaDiaz Nothing.  HEHE.
@Melainii thx my ohhh soooo hot SiL  i just loove u â™¥ xoxo
@MelakneeRows Thanks 
@MeLaMachinko  exactly. i mean, it is you nickname an' all
@MeLaMachinko wud u like me to help correct ur bone-leggedness???? 
@MelanaOnThePath Thanks for the #FollowFriday mention. Have a great weekend  my friend 
@melancholyrose You know he just replied to me before on twitter, I couldn't believe it, I was so happy. Made my night 
@Melancthe I agree! I need to work those extra people into the back-stories of my characters! 
@Melancthe I'm thinking fishy armour would be good!  But I also want to get my Ranger to end of Factions to her Elite Canthan 
@Melancthe that depends on how many itty-bitty-kitties want to sit on my lap 
@Melancthe Yay! So we need to get @lyonza a nice fairly-detailed backstory for Charlie... err... I mean Calis 
@Melani54 I don't need to know. It was just if you wanted to talk. Which is open to the future as well. 
@MelanieBrandt Sounds like it was quite the gala... I have good memories of when we got to go a few years back.  Great getting tux'ed up 
@MelanieFresh27 ah good wholesome fun for the whole family, family guy 
@MelanieFresh27 I am afraid of getting iPhone because my bill would be huge because of facebook and twitter 
@MelanieFresh27 i've got 4 layers plus my scarf ... and i'm still cold in my office 
@MelanieFresh27 nothin' like a good ol' 'nana' nap 
@MelanieFresh27 Thank you for the #FollowFriday. 
@MelanieFresh27 thanks muchly 
@MelanieFresh27 You're my kind of girl! 
@melaniegrassi hehe.... Yes we def should, I miss american baseball 
@melanieleonard yea hopefully it will go quick  yea I want it to be the weekend too xxx
@melaniemayron52 Anyone who uses the phrase fame seeking doucheness is worth a follow for sure @capricecrane 
@melaniemcbride Ah you're going in prime black fly season!  Will you going to Algonquin or even further north? 
@melanienathan Good point, good to look at competitor to know if there are any gaps and beat them! 
@melanienathan hmmm an addon that sends your feed to your delicious account - all of a sudden I'm hungry!  
@melanienathan working? no doubt. right there with ya' tempted to rhyme this, but will stick to prose. 
@MelanieNeumann Congratulations!  That is great time for a first 5K!! 
@MelaniePerry Melanie Perry, how dare you!! I am much much younger than Mike, byt at least 7 months 1 day 
@melanies I'm excited 
@melaniesixx maybe out enjoyin the weekend or MAYBE making music? 
@melaniesixx SURE THING! If you say so  Let'z partay! JM style 
@melanietaylor01 It's called 'Said It All'  xx
@melanietaylor01 MEL LIKES CUM  ..... i just wanted a pointless post ^.^
@melanieyunk looks delicious! Sure it will be a wonderful birthday! 
@melanytexas Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@melapoo lol Cool. I keep getting the weird ones. I got the communicator today. Getting another kids meal tonight.  I hope I get a person.
@melapoo lol I knew you would!  I made that one with you in mind. ;)
@melapoo You should tryout, yes. 
@melasaurus_ thanks mel! 
@melastmohican Thanks Mariusz  I'm actually using this profile now, studiomatyska. The old one I will keep open but I don't really log in.
@MeLaTi_JeN @jle1201 when shall we hit up Magic mountain? Tanya is going for sure 
@melattree @nicharry I registered www.stopcore.co.za the other day. Will set it up this weekend. We're going to make them take notice 
@MelBala Why? People not knowing each other &amp; being forced to hang with each other? I go through the world like that 
@melbdogtub @Lilylauren ooo will ppl be at dogtub for a while... I am keen but might be a little late 
@melbdogtub Yup, I'm in Elwood, so Albert Park could be good. 
@MelBee85 Thanks, sweetie!  Eep, I don't think so, still too shy to do that.  
@MelbourneVixens finally netball is getting the sporting recognition it deserves  haha boys ! its not a wimpy sport :p
@melbrehl *grins* thanks, am listening to more of your blips 
@melbrehl =D Use away! Just don't wear me out too much 
@melbrehl Mmm ice cream ... good idea 
@MelBrooke happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month 
@melcoach Have a safe flight home! Looking forward to a catch up in your neck of the woods soon. Got lots I'd love to talk to you about 
@MelCuddy Ahhh me too. SO excited for the razorlightness 
@Meldina I'm pretty good. Really exhausted though. You? 
@meldrum83 and i will pay you back 
@meldrum83 ok i need to make a blue for kellie as she had a wee boy called lewis  yesterday morning 
@MeldyCo thanks for following 
@melemoo1205 oh I wanna see that... it looks funny  even though it has Bellyache from Gaylight in it.
@Melenciano_07 I can help you goto sleep 
@Meleys i think denmark was great 
@melfashionista ya it's yum 
@Melfm Hey Melissa! I'll have to explain Twitter to you. Maybe I'll make you a video... 
@melgibson1 hahahahhaah just add it 2 ur profile ..... Mmm Britney 
@melgreco thanks for coming in tonight  it made me so happy
@melheartpink GOOD LUCK STUDYING 
@Melhi oh, YAY, you'll be affable on zaz, that's handy 
@meli_ry i'm curious.. do you vote for yourself? i'm almost positive you'll win.. maybe its all the years of dance and cheering! 
@meli1210 have a good day 
@Meliciosa Yay, I'll look into salsa lessons too 
@Melidide very good ! It was great ! Thanks ! 
@melidm And I seriously didn't mean anything bad about that comment! 
@melidm LOL! I will! lol  I got ur back 
@melidm luv the vid!! can't wait to hear it live on summer tour  luv how d always shows is drawers and nice moves by joe mac..
@melidm Thanks! Nice to know as least some people in this world support me 
@melidm Ur welcome  lol I know! it's so funny 
@melificent   i just got out and likewise  am hungry
@meliiindaaa thank you  but you know what I'm talking about D:
@melika628 and @LeX_Kalibur good pts. about tweeter stream preferences. I will &quot;follow&quot; your suggestions 
@melinaplaza Ohh Well, Im Wishing That To..At The First Time I Knew The Jonas Brothers I Felt In Love With Nick 
@MelinaWiking take it as a compliment! 
@MelindaJoe Hope everything goes ok with that! 
@melindameisner to the phillipines or to the new zealand ember days show? how about both? 
@MelindaWEG Yes!! I did go to London!! I'm here now and having an awesome time.  xoxo
@melindhh have sent the pdf file. hope you like it 
@MELindsey lol, he has no shame 
@melisadisti lol i hope i find someone to give me one too! lol 
@melisajohnson awww..thanks.  
@melisangel  it's a good quote. My hobbit books been next to my bed for a month now. Need more time, and less twitter.  
@melisangel Hi Melissa! Thank you so much for the #followFriday love. I appreciate it.  
@MelisaTimmerman Nope 
@MelisHothi i know what a MUA is 
@melishus yiippeee!! yeah, it's probably not allowed &amp; karma will hate me later, but let's live up the fun while we can 
@Melisie Hi, random reply, but FYI, I think that's an AWESOME idea. Someone should get on top of that!  #stargirlinspace
@melismaticdiva Jumping up and down and screaming like a teen!!! 
@Melissa_buckeye I do believe Titty and I should book our flight today &gt;:] If it is a dream don't wake me 
@melissa_djohnst It means I'm not interested enough on a basic level 
@Melissa_Johnson I'm going on tues, first time in 5 months!!!  xxx
@melissa_kimble the world is mine!!!!!!!!!!!! but i can share a small portion with you  lol
@Melissa_Lyford You're such a sweet daughter-in-law! I hope it goes well today!  
@melissa1424 You play guitar too? Coolness! 
@melissa15678 i just couldn't be bothered to leave my chair to turn it over.. 
@Melissa808 haha what!?  hehe let me know when you wanna meet!
@Melissa808 http://twitpic.com/66fcb - @Melissa808 &amp; @kaeokepani your expressions look so familiar! I love how happy you too look! 
@Melissa808 is it every Thursday? And yes I will be more than happy to come down. 
@Melissa808 no pillow for you! hehee... I hope you're layover isn't too long.  Almost there!
@Melissa808 So am I, just thinking about it! 
@Melissa808 ya, they let us follow them to buddah bar... They work here though, so's cool! 
@Melissa808 yup...they've stopped in hawaii for a few seasons already. are you talking about this season? hope they come back again 
@melissa945  Now I'm followig you  I really need NEED TIX Pls!
@Melissaa_ home for loads of homework? nahhh... you're gunna watch camp rock  definitely better haha
@melissaa18 you being sad is making me sad, and also you wont be in religion, but drop by lunch kk 
@melissaanelli  this video will make my next week!  thanks so much  great song choice btw! and best wishes &amp; good luck for leakycon ;)
@melissaanelli http://twitpic.com/6cj5j - WOW... Looks yummy. Wish I was there... 
@melissabeck It will help maintain your sanity.  Did for me anyway.  The key is to find moms you like 
@melissabernais I think @krotscheck just paid you a compliment. Or maybe he was flirting. Either way, that was smooth. 
@MelissaBubblez i got a sixth sense and im never really wrong... 
@MelissaBUSTED awww sorry, i thought it sent 
@MelissaCarbone Did the &quot;department&quot; get a raise? I certainly hope so!   
@melissacarolina haha. It was random! Walmart trip turned into a snack trip 
@MelissaEGilbert  very nice! Taken by Sara?
@MelissaEGilbert Have you done an audiobook of ur book i'd love to get it!! I've already preorder'd book but I'm addicted to the audio.. 
@MelissaEGilbert you have a book due out june 9th.... what is the title so i can be sure to get a copy? thanks  
@melissagia he has a bet with a friend of his to get to 500,000 followers by this Friday! you should follow him! 
@melissahoyer I sway a lot to the right. Tiny Teddy bribes, fluid bedtimes, an extensive DVD collection... I'm trying my best 
@MelissaHui Hey, Dad made some progress today! I'll tell u later 
@MelissaInTheSky  hi melissa!  how is painting?  xo tob
@MelissaJade @ShawnFabulous THANK YOU guys for recommending me for follow  Everyone follow these two lovelies.
@MelissaJat Haha...your favorite late night place!  I think it's cute how often you go there 
@melissajeanne M&amp;M's are so delicious.  Thanks for following me.  I am in Studio City btw! Let's do lunch. 
@melissajoykong Isn't AJ such a sweetheart? I met him last year when he visited the office! He is too funny 
@melissaks I am still ill, but Saw V is downloading 
@melissaks i'm sure you did fine  i'm powering through the day ! Tired but it'll be worth it when i get paid 
@melissalynn24 haha! the motto at my family reunions is &quot;it's lunchtime somewhere in the world&quot;  oh, and jus' a glass.
@MelissaMAGICx3 thou I love the compliment  ily
@melissamarte I'm twitting your heart with twitterlove from my heart 
@MelissaMartin_ I Love that movie its sooo good 
@MelissaMcCreery Yes, crazy-busy, and the hives &amp; itching are almost completely gone since reducing my stress and learning to relax a bit 
@MelissaMcCreery You sure do have a way with words. Thank you.   #FollowFriday
@melissamgregory funny inside thing between another friend and I. 
@melissamoog Date not should always end with twittering, but it shouldn't have anything to do with this web site.  
@melissamoog Oops... I meant date NIGHT should always end with twittering, but it shouldn't have anything to do with this web site. 
@melissaonline  Goat sitting?  Awww, that actually sounds kinda sweet.    Dwarf goats are really kinda cute....
@melissaox Well that does make me feel a bit better....thanks 
@MelissaPan loool XD but it's so unfair... You see these perfect square folded ones and it's like, &quot;Howwwwww!!!??!&quot; Hmm. Breakfast time 
@MelissaPan Summer has never been so appealing haha  I'm hungry! Hey I remember before lool you posted something about...
@MelissaPeterman Watchin 'My life on the D list'  You honeybun?
@melissapierce I like that 'new publishing' model. Get to the point, cut out the fluff. Charge less, allow people to move on. Great. 
@Melissaraad -evil grin-   This.  Is why I like you.  
@melissarockks scred to death. Sleeping with my eyes open tn. Amazing day n night with bests cldnt ask for crazier kids  Goodnight!
@MelissaRycroft2 I've always wondered this about you, what background are you? Like I know you are American, but anything else? Thanks! 
@melissaschwartz Sounds good, can nearly smell your coffee via twiter 
@melissasparks hey thanks! stiupid twitter, i never kno when u're on!  happy friday!
@MelissaSuzanne  Love Your jacket M   \/ ()
@MelissaSuzanne computers are good heaters  I wish I had a heater ... its snowing here!
@MelissaSuzanne good luck to you! sleep well  and have fun in the morning 
@MelissaSuzanne ha I think I got like two hours of sleep last night and I have an early start tomorrow, so chillin and sleep is needed! 
@MelissaSuzanne Thanks for following.  Im following back 
@melissathomps If you have questions about twitter, let me know. I used to be on here ALL the time. Trying to get back in. 
@MelissaTweets Europe's officially going more right than before, except for some idiot countries. 80% in Poland, 60 in Hungary vote right 
@MelissaTweets I refuse to believe that Mr. T is on *any* &quot;Worst ______ Ever&quot; list.  Unacceptable.  
@melissavaldez *__* two more little hours and I'm on me wayyy 
@melissaWOOF okaaay  thanks heaps! xo
@melissaWOOF text me what happens once you call them 
@MelissaZ12 Hey, did end up driving thru Jonesville on Friday - still looks the same! lol 
@MelissaZwanger @josieinthecity @TheTAZZone Ur welcome 
@Melissma05 the excalibur 
@melisswaslike its a beautiful day in london town 
@MelJoMcBride Ha!  It may be time to increase her workload.  I'm just waiting for the day when her new puppy Hudson pops up on Twitter. 
@MelJoMcBride I would laugh and cry at the same time, my Cancer sista!!! 
@MelJoMcBride Oddly enough, she understands Twitter! Just not grasping the business and professional networking through LinkedIn!? 
@meljq21 Awesome, I definitely will!  
@meljq21 i'm checking out all my options... though i'm not quite sure what i'm looking for... it will come to me... soon i hope. 
@meljq21 most people just sent one of themselves, a few put their name with it. It is up to you 
@MelKatD i love you mel!!!! i agree with d. follow @peterfacinelli. 
@melkettle of course they would be sensational, how could you go wrong with mini cupcakes &amp; malteasers in one! 
@melkettle Sounds so appealing as I listen to 2 crying children 
@MelKirk Sorry about your tummy ache! I had stomach issues ALL DAY yesterday, so I can sympathize with you. Hope yours gets better soon! 
@MelKirk will check your next tweet for results 
@Melkitty I'm sure you could find any number of volunteers np 
@mellalicious hello  I've been a little quiet lately sorting some stuff out. But I feel better now!  Hows you? (apart from the head) 
@mellalicious well kind of but I convinced my boss to let me hire someone which should help. Lives been pretty quiet actually 
@mellalicious will send pics later. 
@mellalicious Yeah, what @merejames said! Only just noticed the new avatar/look. Nice one!  
@mellalicious yes, they are nasty little things, aren't they?! And congrats on the salon win/s today! 
@melle Maybe a good thing that we didn't get it then  I'm actually living pretty close to there now as well.
@melle Now, now no astroturfing! 
@melleboo1  IM GROWN BABY
@mellemusic You're a giant dork and I love it. 
@Melli90 it's 8.15 pm here. sunday 
@Mellicious_ Ya want mine ? I've just made me my 2nd cup today, still hot  and oh so yummy 
@Mellicious_ yup I am working today, on my way down right now and gonna stop at Timmies as usual 
@mellifluent bev-o, if you don't want to travel too far, there is a nice place on riggs chap. rd. - i can take you there 
@mellissa lolol dumped in the lcct thrash can! @zique saw doctor already 
@MeLLo_T   I have 4 Yorkies.  Not all came from reputable breeders...I want to warn everyone to not make the mistakes I made. Cheers, L. 
@Mello66 I need to have a listen to these - lots of peeps seem to like them 
@mellonikan thank you 
@mellowdi good motning to you! Have a great Monday! Take care! 
@mellowdi Nice! So much color...Love it! He'll definitely fit in when he relocates to LA!  
@mellowdi Positive energy...yup, I hear you on that.  Been working too, and my allergies are killing me.  Otherwise, all is good hun. 
@mellowfemmy that's so true 
@MellowMarketing only because i truely love Death Note 
@mellowxkel yesterday was too much.....too much fun 
@melly_b Thanks for coming out last night! and thanks for the tea! 
@melly16 im textin u fsfs. MATE !! 
@melly16 lmao lmao. i am kind of getting to the same stage haha !!!!!!!!!!! 
@mellyford I was 1 mojito away from waking up face down on the sand right next to nikki beach! 
@mellyford Morning Sunshine! How are you? 
@MellyKaples When were you in Boston? I'm going up there this Thursday 
@mellykitten Yup, today  Glad it did, or the post office would have been getting a very angry letter, haha.
@MellyMel10 Manvel-a-tor is on a leave of absence because one of his Ararat teams busted an Orlando and could not BEAT LA!!! 
@MelMarie88 that does seem pretty tough, well I wish you the best 
@MelMarie88 you should of came last night, even Jeco was here!!! 
@melmclellan looking forward to hanging out a little tonight! 
@melmilletics @simonleung @coolsi NEXT time we will do Hollywood up proper. No more dive bars 
@melncyia but hey u have to wear it now anyone else...so do u lil mama 
@Melny_Tweets Thx for coming 
@melodes Gees! That was quick! Did it drop out of the sky??? 
@melodiccrew  Yeah, ( but its a girl not a boy) I thought she was a boy at first but then I read Alicia's post yesterday and she a girl 
@melodiccrew it's a little girl apparently. 
@melodie_marie You got more followers then me  aww
@MelodieGore We are recording vocals for song &quot;Mixed Melodies&quot; today. 
@melodiesaywhat Is it bad that I want all seasons of LOST on DVD or Blu-ray? No it's not 
@melodiesaywhat strawberry feilds forever. Told you that you would love him 
@melodisera hehehes. HECK yeh! you`re hell mature. its a good thingg.... nawws. your room should be awesome right now. happy is good 
@melody Good Mornin' there Miss Melody! 
@melody So negative... No to everything... LOL!  Ok, u choose then! 
@melody Thanks! I needed that! At least my &quot;wheelchair&quot; feels right side up, again! 
@melodya_ i'm actually already excited! i can only imagine.. 
@melodycherise- yay!! 
@MELODYCROSS  ur welcome 
@MelodyDTF awwww I miss u too but we r gonna have a great time getting the shirts dirty with nutcrackers &amp; fooooodddd  P= lol
@MelodyDTF I will def figure this 1 out real soon ...lol this is gonna be some real fun 
@MelodyDTF Ur major is interesting  I like it I would have done it if it was offered in my school but its not =(
@melodyg  LOVE Jonatha Brooke. Thank you! 
@Melodyhellyeah lol, yeah. Keller gets shot by the narrator, he doesn't actually commit suicide, lol 
@melodyjae http://twitpic.com/4h0a2 - Aw, he's so cuteee! 
@melodylaggad www.LiveLyricism.blogspot.com 
@MelodyLaine Too funny u mentioned that...I'm bout 2 rinse again. Didn't rinse well enough the 1st time.  
@MelodyLeaLamb Big Thanks Melody!  Gotta love that sunshine-lots of vit D 
@MelodyLeaLamb LOL Big Hugs back atcha!! Always a pleasure 
@MelodyOfURLife I love You, Man was great! I saw it a few weeks ago. 
@melodyrock oh i wanna check it out  how can i?
@melodyromancito aaahhhh now i understand!  makes sense! 
@melodysmind anyway...didnt mean to rant but you know me when on the topic of @chrisisaak  have to run Mel...chat soon 
@melodysmind Nothing wrong with asking questions!   So, what is your favorite question?
@melodysong @konwl @meeshly @redsheep @geminianeyes @caffeinator If the word 'procrastination' gets into trending topics, well done guys! 
@melodysong it was stacy 1st. then joy, then me and then elaine then manda.. 
@melodysong jeez, not my fault that you weren't specific  I _was_ actually planning to go to gun class there next week.
@melodysong promise i won't be a road bully. am really nice on the road &amp; try to give way a lot  this is for floods &amp; far out places
@melodysong seriously, remember last night? Now go and eat them. Take your revenge on them tempting you. 
@melodyvsongs psssh whatever, you're still one of us whittier folk at your core  As for cameras, yes you are too cool
@melomelom it was totally AMAZING...Wolverine RULZ!! Next halloween we are definitely gonna be the X-Men 
@melonblind it's been really beautiful here hope some comes your way  Sorry to hear about your bad back. Hope it gets better soon!
@melonbutterfly: That's Uhura or whatever her name is, right? (The hot bitch, I mean) 
@meloncamp I had strawberries last week that Mr. B's grandparents grew in their garden.  Tasted  like Russian berries.  What do you grow?
@melonphobia it was today (June 5th) I think. It was in the Trending Topics. And yeah, I think there were free doughnuts involved 
@melopeee : I'm sorry but the only thing I see is the cuteness of your green mushroom. 
@MeloraHardin I just watced the episode of Friends that you guest starred in! Haha! &quot;...talk dirty to me!&quot; 
@MeLorena You could try sending it via email 
@melovemakeup Yay! See it was meant to be! 
@MeLovesPurple Danke nadja, Ã¨ bello sapere che il mio lavoro Ã¨ apprezzato  anyway, fyi this summer I'm going to learn german! 
@melovesunset *lol* Yea, sounds like you really need to do grocery shopping..before you run out of redbull too. 
@MeLoXTRA @MeLoXTRA exactttly. it better have this equation involved:  asian &gt; white.   just kidding?!
@melrauc Amazing job on your video 
@MelRoc7 no i can't believe it's already june but i am SO excited because we're one day closer to july and funzies  haha
@melrose29 yay!. well im off to sleep and dream of robot armies and dinosaurs. g'night 
@MelRoseDesign hope you didnt find me last mess bout chatting offencive? just a question? no you work long hours 
@MelRoseDesign not your 5  then lol !. pub, my kinda lass  you have a good time? drunk then? lol
@MelRue they sure are awesome aren't they 
@melry217 http://twitpic.com/6jc1k - Awwww nice picture 
@MelRy217 Look what the top searched is on Yahoo today - This is a good sign, right?    http://www.twitpic.com/5f55t/full
@MelRy217 Our Chimp loves you!--http://twitpic.com/3c7zx - Go vote! 
@MelRy217 places to go to, like Hamilton Pool or Krause Springs!    Krause Springs is my favorite. It's a private camp ground.
@MelRy217 You and Tye are so CUTE! Im coming to Texas next week!  It'd be amazing to meet you, but I'll be doing mission work in Arlington
@MelRy217 you guys are too cute together!!  love the pic, you are soo photogenic! esp in your profile pic!!! love you hun!
@Mels82 Yeah, his is the 8th  Believe me, I know! lmao
@melsdadian Hi! This is Amy Simmons from Facebook, just thought I'd tell you in case you thought some random person added you 
@melsia as if you need an excuse to get rid of wine 
@melsning i'm not sure it does.. but we can make it happen!  miss you btw. come back!
@melspooner  Hello - I just found your reply to me - sorry it took so long to get back to you. 
@melstarrs hey that's good, I though she was back in the UK, send her my regards please 
@MelsterB Much! I like me again  T.H.A. &lt;-- OMG. Bad Mel
@melthedusa     yey!!   the crows!  they are so rascally yus.  &gt;_&gt; &lt;_&lt;  (good luck w/ the bread!  whoot! )
@meltingmama You must make them with the whippersnappers. They will heart it 
@MeltonMustafa what r u ready for??? 
@meluseena think I'm an INTJ too.. but could be completely wrong! Nice to see you on here 
@melvin_16 Sounds great Melissa , u sound like you've been having retail therapy , lovely way to spend the day I reckon 
@melvinblog I think that's a good achievement 
@MelvinJames18  what about this car?  http://bit.ly/ibtP
@melvinkbuslon haha I miss your face!! &amp; @harleykane I agree my night was epiccccc 
@melvinkee another time, melvin. i'm collecting stuff and running off. thanks though! 
@melvinkee deal 
@MelvinNeo Thx again, Bro!!! 
@melvinyuan &amp; ruth look really good together  so tweet...
@melvinyuan Congrats! Any live streaming that we can watch online? 
@melvolner Hi Mel!  I'll text you when we're getting close to Miami...our ETA is 5...what are you wearing?? I have a pink dress 
@melyssagrace Happy Bday 
@melyssagrace Happy happy birthday 
@MelzKamelz cute and round.maybe 2 kissing with a little heart in between? like birdies in love. 
@Memaloose thanks for the FF! 
@memebee Hello, Darlin. Will we be able to continue stroking each other's keyboard later on today? I must now return to dreamland. 
@mememegann [le sigh] crazy fan girl. I know why you want to be in Australiiiiiiiiia 
@mememegann heey i see you love you me at six!  i was so shocked when they tweeted me! :O thanks for following btw  xx
@mement0es ndun. dunno if it's better than the 3rd. but i sure did like it. 
@memepunks really? leaving the casino in the morning is how half of our regulars do it.. you should have asked them for advice 
@MemeR @lisardggY LOL... that's funny 
@MemeR and yet, letters are symbols you have to capture visually in order to understand what's written... 
@MEMErryl dunno, hope it's not rachel or cory. 
@memfishy I AM DAZZLED 
@MeMinty Yeah it's afireinside687 
@memith  Thanks!
@memith I found mine at Kohl's, but I'm sure they're probably online, if you look hard enough.  #CliqueOfTwitter
@MeMo07 sorry.  I told you a VM would kill you.  
@meModel_NOT I'm quiet, 
@memoriesalive yeh I gave in, we cuddled and I sang him &quot;smoke gets in your eyes&quot; and he's asleep now... 
@MemoryElena look at you being a joiner 
@Memset_Kate Agree - but they do look a lot of fun.   Have only ever seen one being used around London.
@Memset_Kate Better now had Ice Lolly and some Water Mellon 
@Memset_kate it does not get any better than waking up to Lily Allen, great way to start the day 
@Memset_Kate Thanks, good to know!  I find my iPhone 3G web browsing dog-slow at times so wondered why people got 3G cards. Thanks 
@memunish looks same in Noida too 
@memunish you've no idea 
@MemzyV Happy Birthday 
@menacingpickle Maybe not easier, but definitely a lot more fun. 
@MenaMonroe Thanks boo 
@Menardconnect thanks 
@mendel Different boxes I think. 
@Mendelt Good point, thanks, I think I never noticed because I am always looking to absorb info on DI/IoC 
@Mendelt I just like to list the possible options, so I can google, compare and then decide what I would like to try first 
@Mendelt OK, I'll risk a hernia for you. 
@mendezjavi don't forget my coqui box...enjoy san juan today get some baccalau at the red truck on the side of the road 
@menglish001 lol, well, it's better than nothing!  If it creates a smile, don't complain   luv u guys!
@Mennard - and you! I enjoy reading your missives. Who would have thought a lawyer could be so thoughtful! 
@Mennard  have fun! bet you unearth all sorts of goodies!!
@Mennard Ascension on Thusday, then kindergarten closed on Friday, Nick taking day off, as well. Good, ey? 
@Mennard Ha ha talk to you later, must work now  x
@Mennard i am fine thanks - sorry to hear you are tired - have you had a busy weekend? Hope the day gets better for you! 
@Mennard sorry - couldn't help myself  I didn't mention your clean fingernails though
@Mennard yes am fine thanks - enjoying some time off work! 
@Menooa lollllllllllllllll i know it was a mess for me to!!! we will make up for it next week 
@MenorcanGirl i know wat mouse ur talkin bout. hey i not that dense.lol u still shouldn't need batteries though 
@menotafish it is quite good  I'm glad I saw it w/o commercials, but my dad was right--it would be awesome to see on a big screen.
@MenschZwoNull Hmm. Point taken 
@MentalBlurrr your puppies are so cute   How are you?! Moving? Where?
@mentallycreativ Happy Birthday 
@MentalStrawbery Have fun!! 
@mentarimentari Count me in, Tarii 
@mentor2mentor lol night and glad we could keep you smiling 
@mentormadness Great post 
@mentormadness thank you 
@mentormadness That'd be great 
@MenwithPens Thanks 
@meoof  he doesn't often get called smart. He is currently puffed out with pride!
@MeOutrasMerdas  i look forward to have the longuest conversasions in here 
@meowcenary yes, but I guess my question is, do /I/ have to read all those books?  
@meowhouse oh that is damn good! where did you catch that one from? 
@meowmistidawn http://twitpic.com/6iove - Lovely 
@meowmixfever we should go to the grocery store and buy a large box of them  that'd make my life complete haha _Myana&lt;3
@meowreen Awww... You're too sweet. 
@Meowxxx hehe , hihi kelly meow 
@Mephostopheles you gotta watch her tweet week vids, she did a really good job on them 
@Meranda_Panda Thanks for 2 nite. Had an AWESOME time! see you on the Boat! 
@merandajonas12 Isn't she the singer you've been RAVING about?  that's awesome! Doesn't she sing, uh. Uh, &quot;Run After You&quot;??
@meranduh delicious! I'd prefer if it was black licorice though. 
@Merc_hyn_di @Spartezda @kangaru Thanks for the encouragement, gwergles!  Merc, yay for tiger-story-plot-ness!!
@Merc_hyn_di I think you'd love it. 
@mercedesashley its 8pm for me lol 
@mercedesashley soccer moms? maybe they do know what you do and they like it 
@mercedesashley: And you have a good heart. Take your time off now 
@MercedesGPC thank you!! 
@mercedesjo ur wackkkk...I'm the drunk one BUT @chlochlo5525 was definitely drinkin...job well done by me! 
@mercelleduane Awwww love ya to death duane   http://twitpic.com/7ivv2
@mercelleduane I didn't have a bunch of fun but I had fun LOL spacially when we had lunch 
@mercelleduane I might, Mrs Melorik recomended me for a job. Me and some other students are meeting with this one guy to get more info. 
@mercelleduane Uhhhh??? You guys are funny  Paramore - &quot;Thats What You Get&quot; is a definite summer anthem 
@mercerch thanks 
@Merchnow: question about the Elephant Heather Gray (alesana) shirt. is the print on the back or the front of the shirt? thank-you 
@Mercizdope dnt be laughin at me. 
@Mercizdope Nothing.  Loving my life right now. tryina get blazed a lil later on. 
@MerCleve go to sleep. I hope u pee on yourself in the middle of the night.  I'd hate to have to beat u on the golf course tomorrow. 
@mercurialblonde  good one might have to see how you bowl first. 
@MerCuriosJewels Wonderful trip!  Read all 4 Twilight novels.  Completely all consuming and engrossing.  Kinda sad to be done. 
@MercuryStCroix Lol I'm sure she still finer than a fine tip pen tho @Femmeswag will def give you feedback on sketch guide tomorrow 
@mercybell lol. tai chi. he should have said mui thai. 
@mercybell What book did you get? 
@mercydrummer oooh. how long are you guys gonna be in atlantaaaa?! i wanna come visit! 
@mercystreetteam my favorite song by @mercymercedes is Shiver me Timbers 
@merder4ev yeah  strip poker reminds me of grey's anatomy episode 1x05 haha
@MerDerNeverOver just sent you the FC link, Courtney! 
@merdujapon Really all that? I'll look for it and will report back 
@meredi Oh no! And it was such a yummy salad, too! Dinner instead? 
@meredithdavis Aww. Well, if there's anything I could do to help, just tell me. 
@MeredithGould 3 min of peace to start your week (this should put your eternal salvation in good order  )  http://bit.ly/duDo
@MeredithGould Hmmm...interesting idea...we should talk  #hcsm
@meredithhawkins Aww nice 
@MeredithKlein oh that's discreet 
@MeredthSalenger Don't settle. There is no perfect. But there is &quot;perfect&quot;. My wife is my &quot;perfect&quot;. It'll happen. 
@MeredthSalenger hey Mer - U rock! ..n always have! glad to see ur smilin face around the Twitter neighborhood  ..tweet tweet 
@mereee24 hello meree 
@merejames ah - but I work in the ACT 
@merfz OMG! I got that game (or the hubby did I should say) like the DAY it came out. Super fun! Rock on. 
@mergatron LOL silly woman  do you plan on &quot;experiencing&quot; that?
@Meriliese yeah... its rather unfortunate... they don't go away but you eventually learn how to see them coming from a mile away  &lt;3
@Merilyy  Really good, as almost! And you got a new fan http://lookbook.nu/look/160844
@merlady Where are you? Curfew, young lady 
@merle1975 Yes, go get them in the US....and tell them there Europe needs Full Service too 
@Merlene @johncpiercy seriously....like this is a real contest?  zzzzzzzz  #womansclub rules! (tho we have to let them think they've won) 
@Merlene @theCraigWright and that still looks like a go from my end! Finally, after six months of talking about it!!  
@Merlene @theCraigWright LOL...see how messin' up a cat sound can effect things?  
@Merlene those are fun!  I was just thinking of you yesterday. How are things? Would love to see you one of these days.
@merlinsbeard We had fun too!  Can't wait until next week! 
@merlyn actually this is the first step of FaceBook-ification of Twitter IMHO  But you're missing the fun anyway 
@Merlyn671 Thankss!!! 
@mermaid9  Awww! Thank you! I'm excited too, my first book was so serious &amp; non-fiction, this one is way more fun.  
@mermaidcharms Wasn't it? Love that stuff..To watch as well as to drink! 
@Mernahuana  Thanks! It was much needed!
@mernisse Nice try...  Instead the sox RAPED... 
@merry_m Where'd ya go?! HAHAHA! =D Did you mean the voice message as in a link to it or something or my tweets about it? 
@merrygentry I've got a baby!cat!person who's teething at 2 1/2 years, so why not a normal cat teething at ten months?  
@MerryMonteleone I'm so up for that!  Sounds fun. And you're a pro, I know, so all's the better for me.    I just do a one card reading
@merrymorgantown Not a bother 
@merrymorgantown well, my days almost over, i think i'm just going to watch some dvds (most probably alan partridge, lol)  Bye! x
@MerseyMal I have no idea what techno speak means but also like that pic 
@MerseyMal Morning - you looking forward to peace without me there? 
@MerseyMal Well yeah, naturally 
@MerseyMal Wow guess if you get that then @NovaWildstar gets her kitchen and maybe even a new car too 
@merttol Good morning to you too  It's past noon here  in Turkey though  looking forward to your interesting tweets 
@merulapie - email me your address (freetapdancinglessons@gmail.com) and I'll send some your way 
@merulapie how was it?  We ended up eating ice cream in Largs, and having a day away from all responsibilities 
@MERutherford lol, whatcha gotta catch up on? 
@merv  Are you replying re MrTweet or #goodsex? 
@merv Thank you 
@Meryl333 you are too kind! 
@merylpixelmagic Thank you . From what I could see, your lesson was going well 
@meryreino Oh..&amp; Yeah &quot;Much better&quot; is about her..I cant wait for the album!  Mariah (:
@meryreino Ohhhh. I have a solution go to my page on twitter &amp; the pic i want u to see is my background  Mariah (:
@merytsekhmet Well done you 
@mesaventure Oh Gott, du hast Zeus getroffen  Hattest du dein Zensursula-Shirt an? )
@mesaysRAWR I don't like him 
@meSerah haha. okay  what's it about??
@meSerah need some help with @replys? See here - http://bit.ly/13NQRm. Hope this helps! 
@MeshaV Thanks for the shoutout 
@Meshel_Laurie HUZZAH and HOORAY for procreation! I hope you donate one of them to a suitably childless gay couple. Can't be selfish! 
@Meshel_Laurie just maybe maddie right!  lol
@Meshel_Laurie Really!? Congratulations! 
@Meshel_Laurie WOW ! That is awesome  Congrats !! Maybe some of the baby dust can rub off on me ! Been 7 months &amp; counting now ....
@Meshel_Laurie your dad is a superman for pulling through! Take it easy 
@Meshel_Laurie Your father is a lucky man! He sounds like a fighter 
@MeshMeshEre  Heyyarrr x Im Gudd Thanks  x Absolutely Nothing Lool Youu ?? x
@MeshMeshEre  kayy send me the link  x
@MeshMeshEre oh yeaahhh  haha ;D
@meso_maniac  my pleasure completely.. might have some weather questions for ya later on 
@Mess_Jess moving near five dock, I'll let you know when I'm next working in kent st 
@Messponential Thanks!  No encounter till the end of the month and it's only for a day- the Boy &amp; I fly out to MY parent's for a month!
@messygal sorry if I sound drunk lol  http://myloc.me/29il
@metacosm please do a report 
@metafy I believe that it is 
@metagaming Hehe yeah I looked at your page  Ain't easy
@metaglyph  oh cool!  i got mine to work i may bring it with me
@metaglyph Enjoy! Just don't go in with expectations that it'll be exactly like the book 
@metaglyph I'll do it!  I need a job.  
@metaglyph That's cool. Your daughter must be a budding thespian huh? Hope it goes good fer her tomorrow. 
@Metal_Hammer New issue of metal hammer totally rules guys. Love the battle metal cd. 
@Metal_Rocks  That would be nice. Throw in a couple if injuries and we're in!! 
@Metal_Rocks Just spurted Fanta out of my mouth laughing at that! 
@Metal_Rocks Thanks for the FF! 
@metalex_nj yeah but your a cute one who still gets carded 
@metallordz that's such a great idea! 
@Metally9 i forgive u!!! Lol i will blame it all on the shity people u work with!!! 
@MetalMoment Nope. I am sure there are tons of Metal lovin' geeks out there besides us. 
@MetalRocks Thanks for the reply  ? http://blip.fm/~6getj
@MetalVirgin can i skype you   no phone involved 
@MetaMal beer o'clock is my favourite time on Friday! 
@metaphoricxeyes hahaha, serious? thats so cute :L it doesn't bother me. @FUCKCITY @FUCKCITY @FUCKCITY @FUCKCITY btw, hbd andy babe 
@metaphoricxeyes ok cool  OMG IM GETTING A SONG WRITTEN FOR ME! [not about me, FOR me] HAHA, so excited 
@metaphoricxeyes thats more like it  #andyhurleyisawesome #andyhurleyisawesome #andyhurleyisawesome #andyhurleyisawesome
@metaphysical1 might not be what you're expecting though, but we'll see what you make of it 
@Metaplasmico gut nait ... suit drims to you too 
@MEtard Thanks boo.   I'll update tomorrow when I know what's happening.
@Meteora20 Hey  I'm fine thx and how are you?
@Meteora20 hey.  what kinda story? my pic for dane is developing... 
@Meteora20 im fine too!  can u help me to spread this message?
@Meteora20 oh thanks ..noo I think you're english is pretty good 
@Meteora20 your english is pretty good  and it's not my first language either so no worries, ohhh holidays, can't wait to have one hehe
@metgirl4ever Not make light of your troubles, sweetie, but if season carries on as is I shall need to see therapist too!  
@methodman1 yeah i love rnb, am a singer so yeah  www.myspace.com/anieszkamusic john legend !! ahh i love him and anthony hamilton too
@methodmissing 04:00? Looks like you're living the good life in Berlin. 
@methodphoto Haha  Yup! Exactly that - except in ruder words! =P
@MeToo yes. Want to do a party in the next two weeks so you can enjoy it too. Let's talk on Monday 
@metricjulie You're welcome. Should I be waiting for a dm? 
@metro_life awww..cutie.. lots of kisses back to Gucci.. n to u as well.. 
@MetroplexBaby: thx for the follow! 
@metropol only yesterday I thinking to use a ticket system to track life progress as well as project progress. But need an iPhone client 
@metrorealtor How about Tastefully Simple's &quot;Just Chillin&quot; collection (Item#  421009)?  The happy couple will love it for entertaining! 
@metrostation gudnight  im screaming and acting crazy tomorrow MY FAVE. BAND ARE GOiNG TO MY COUNTRY WELL GUDLUCK.LOVE YOU ! :*
@metrostation sheez.good luck guys i love you all 
@metsgrrl You are right; it's Go-go. TBF is wrong. You can tell him I said so. 
@metsgrrllll5 that's awesome!! congrats!! 
@MetsNY81 OK, I'll give you a 50% commission on all copies you sell. 
@metsphanatic  had an amazing party for my sister, had a car of beautiful ladies to drive around, hung out at @kmestevez 's new house 
@mettebolding i have seen them twice before, and 3 times in a couple of weeks, how about you? 
@mettechrist its funny because its true 
@Metzypants Are you ok sweety?  If you need to talk, I are here! 
@mevanshill my first date with thomas was to keiffer's, so that's my suggestion 
@mewcomm No problem, no rush. I just love &quot;RF Cabins&quot; in the mountains! 
@mewwire Great new song. ^^ Cannot wait for the album- the new logo is great too. 
@mexber same here. 2 for things that may take a while to attain. 
@mexiabill Doing fine &amp; thanks for the #ff  
@mexiabill I love it as well! 
@mexiabill I've heard from  him  He's up to no good
@mexiabill Well..maybe not diapers 
@mexiana_76 pshaw! I do love when you go all ghetto mexican, though. do it in person and put it up on youtube! 
@mexicanfrommars Well.. We'll just have to get you a bumper sticker to make up for the hard to see N. Come out to an INsite Night... 
@MexicanHotdog nice job!   I am in the same boat need to buy some new belts 
@mexicant Can you use 3 &quot;s&quot; then so it still is kind of not basic Jess please? 
@Mexiliu floozied up sounds good!! 
@meyami oh, you are welcome.  thanks for the follow, btw.  
@meybily_ I miss you too, Lovey. To where have thy been to? 
@meyerweb Nooo!  Then @zeldman would never have seen my reply and he couldn't have retweeted it! ;-) (oh, and you wouldn't have read this)
@meygantot i shall save my voice for supernatural screaming. 
@Meylanie what about the dilfs? Oh wait, wrong month....HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 
@Meylitza @tommcfly DUH. i own them all 
@Mezandy toasted marshall a natural.. thank you for the rt! 
@MezaV I am strong cause i still kick your ass!!  And too late i just left the store  ha ha 
@meziel roflmao. what movie? 
@mezzoblue Always wondered where those pictures came from   Ads are rampant on fb always by an &quot;average Joe&quot; who's discovered the secret
@MezzyPie I'm pretty sure we can force another victim into doing it. XD I've always wanted to do a school girl cosplay. 
@MF_III thanx  cheers!
@MF213 I'm okay feeling like something is missing but I'm ALIVE so I can't complain 
@mfares No Way! U met him? Yeah. Love his work, especially his aerial ones. Gutsy guy. 
@mfeathers didn't someone do that already? 
@MFeatherstone way to pick a winner! 
@mferric I think you're an independent film. 
@mfgamers Thanks! 
@mfhorne hey how was filming today...so the work begins lol 
@mfhorne let us know if it's any good (Drag me to hell!)  may go &amp; see it next week....Ta 
@mfhorne recommedations on binoculars, ones that when you look through them, things look bigger! always good choice 
@mfhorne Thanks for asking the audio question - Someone suggested software that is PERFECT for my needs 
@mfhorne Want a challenge for today? Start a trending topic devoted to me. Its worth a try 
@MFJ86 for me it depends on how many hrs I sleep 
@MFJ86 to....? what ya talkin bout 
@MFJ86 Yeah looks great  if u won't play with it like ( ps3 or xbox) take the plazma its better for home use
@MFlanders no I like be able to say it and it be the truth. Instead of some magical mystery tour I get led on. 
@mfloryan Yes, I'm sure the analogy would break down somewhere. 
@mfoo1228 repeat of half dome?  
@mformikey if i ever get that close to him, i'll do much worse than just kicking him in the head...trust me 
@mforrest that's great! it put a smile on my face 
@mfowmes Heehee!! Shall catch ya later! Byeeeeeeeeeee 
@mfowmes thank you 
@mfowmes Thanks, will let you know 
@mfubib - The conversation went downhill from there, my friend!!!  (via @Tomas57) &lt;- it certainly did!!!
@mfubib I finally worked it out   http://bit.ly/NiGlk
@mfubib I finally worked it out   http://bit.ly/NiGlk (via @BlokesLib) &lt;- Awesome! What a cool little #iphone app 
@mfullm1 hey lady! I tried to call, you were probably asleep. Give me a ring in the morning.  843-3991
@mg0stisha i see you graduate in 10 days  but i thought it was on the 12th?
@mg0stisha me tooo 
@MG62 http://twitpic.com/6tqqn - @MG62 and @fountain1987  Marcus and Chris, this is a cute picture, bless  Love youu both  xx
Loving the weather right now!!! And soo glad that Diversity won BGT last night! They deserved it. Wish i could dance like that though 
Loving the weekend. Loving family. Loving showers and gifts. Love. 
Loving these Celebrities upside down photoshoppings  http://bit.ly/pv9G0
LOVING these highlights 
Loving these hoes. I'm swag, I'm surfin.. Kim is NOT clean like my detergent.  Rotflmfao @kyoungblood6971
Loving this acoustic of falling in love on radio 1 
loving this adorable going away party at beso 
Loving this amazing weather in Ottawa !  It's about time !
loving this Carolina living... cool waves, sweet buzz, and good times 
loving this hot weather 
loving this kind of weather.. 
loving this saturday already... cup of noodles + bulls = victory 
Loving this sunshine! And sending the staff away at 4  anyone fancy going for a drink later?
loving this weather 
Loving this weather today 
loving this weather, sunshine in the Carolinas..you cant beat it! 
Loving this weather. A real treat 
Loving this weather...eating lunch outside 
loving this weather...its good hair weather so  iv decided to straighten my hair 
Loving today 
Loving today, just greeted the boys with water balloons and ran off, very scared now haha It Is on!! pool half full  come over tweets ha
Loving toddla t and bashy, peggle also is taking over my life 
Loving Uber Twitter: so much easier and more efficient than Twitter Berry  http://myloc.me/2t0s
Loving visiting my brother and girlfriend on the gold coast in Aussie!  *
Loving wilmington! Headin to the beach  ooo how amazing living here is!
Loving windmill's album right now. Beautifully arranged and haunting lyrics. Perfect for negotiating planes tubes &amp; trains 
loving yesterday 
Loving you is cherry pie 
Loving youuu. ..  hahhaa !
Loving Zend Framework, making life nice and easy 
lovinggg the weather 
lovinn the sunny weather, wonder if i can get a tann hmmmmmmm...... 
Lovve that nll gave play by play on twitter. It almost like I was in nyc for the game. Mikey is on his way home  go titans!!
low battery .... C u all laytah 
low battery...m-as baga la somn 
low key nite 2nite............ need a break 4rm goin out .....movie nite w the boo @ home 
lowkey tired yet still energetic ! 
lownleeeynjul i'll be fine 
LoZ is real fun, love it  http://legendsofzork.com/
LQ has a really upbeat crowd today!!! 
lss.haha.ilove the song of neyo.  http://plurk.com/p/x5xyv
LTTE's visceral mistake  http://bit.ly/18zFZo Is this how terrorists can be neutralized?
Lucas is still sleeping. Poor little guy's all tuckered out. 
Lucas said he'd take care of it  http://twitpic.com/6s1gv
lucianomedrano (Luciano Medrano): Thats what she said  http://twurl.nl/1u0qdo
luckily i'm not going to 
luckily the storm passed over us.  Now enjoying nice cool weather!    Probably will rain most of the day though
lucky  i got a iced coffee waiting for me 
Lucky charms! Yummy 
Lucky Charms, FTW 
lucky charms, lookin at stars 
Lucky me! Nothing to do in class... free on internet! great 
lucky to have friends like ours. what we thought was a bday party was actually a surprise party to celebrate our engagement! thanks guys! 
lucy and i delved into previously unexplored territory on friday, pib and pog, jeffrey, morph and chas, the storm... frolicksome times. 
Lucy just recieved her diploma 
Luke , I am your fatha. 
luke 11:23 surround urself with people who love you. im lucky to have so many people that love me &amp; support me. night yall 
Luke is in the shower but will call me when he gets out  Time to catch up on all the celebrity goss.
Luna Lounge Tonight... come have a drink with me for my 26th everyone free just say your with Yuky's Birthday 
lunch - pasta, like every day 
Lunch &amp; Movies with mom &amp; sister 
Lunch @ tokyo one with my aunt&amp;uncle! 
Lunch 1st then task 3: http://wave.google.com/  
lunch a few minutes ago... it was pasta 
Lunch and Graduation dress shopping with Jamiee. 
lunch and shopping with brian then dinner with friends tonight at 15 East  
Lunch and tanning by the pool alllllllll dayyyy! 
Lunch at BJs in Portland, OR then off to a movie! 
Lunch at Cheesecake now spending the day at the shopping Mecca known as Friendship Heights!  #Neiman #Saks #Bloomingdales #Barneys #Gucci
Lunch at johnny carinos's  freeee cake! Then to kwood college :/
Lunch at Les Halles... i &lt;3 Anthony Bourdain! 
lunch at my aunt's house. later 
Lunch at the black rabbit in Arundal. Very civilised! Going to the seaside this arvo 
Lunch at the federal with meg c 
Lunch at Yo! Sushi. Started using Phone! Sushi but then the numbers got scary so stopped. 
Lunch beckons... Sunshine in Marlow and I think I quite fancy a bag of chips  ...see you lot later.
lunch breaaak &lt;3 yay i'm having my french fries now 
Lunch break almost over. Heading back to work. Only 3 more hours to go and then my work week is 20% over.  Yay!   #livingfortheweekend
LUNCH BREAK! finally.. i am about to inhale this cali veggie burger 
lunch date because i can eat food now! hopefully! and then tanning! 
Lunch draws near, accepting bread-roll-type suggestions  What kind of sandwich should I construct?
lunch for today: #Balinese nasi campur with splitroasted suckling pig,not Ibu Oka's but I got it from sesetan,delicous!; hello diet  #Food
Lunch in New York, next stop- Paris! (las vegas of course) 
Lunch in the Bot today 
Lunch is done and my son is taking his nap.  Time to get to work on content for my next show. 
Lunch is here 
Lunch is now dinner, which is cool because I can light candles. Off to buy things. 
lunch is on the way - I like guests who bring the food 
LUNCH is served today! BUT, please tidy up before heading out for the long weekend 
Lunch special at work is smoked meat on rye 
lunch then exercise then school na  http://plurk.com/p/rns7r
lunch time - bye bye 
lunch time  gonna eat someting. Do you thing Lance can win any stage in coming Giro de Italy? Any change to win overall calssification?
Lunch time  Not that i have food to eat oh well i finsh work at 6 not long at all -_-
Lunch time  Salad again? Perhaps.
Lunch time *crunch.will simply have instant noodles today 
lunch time for meee  #fb
LUNCH TIME IS MY FAV!! 
Lunch time!! 
Lunch time!!! 
Lunch Time!!!!  I am going to eat Fresh today.  That's Subway if you didn't know 
lunch time, with brittanyyy (L) 
Lunch time...yummy  1st day without my boot...trying to see if i make it through the day
Lunch time..let's eat  @KonWL @Noway57 @Puriity @nuruddinzainal @d2zone @abdullatef
Lunch w whit, then wedding registry time w charles  love saturdays!!
lunch was beautiful.  off to the pier with Demelza and my Gorgeous.
Lunch was good had a nice chat with emma 
Lunch was great 
lunch was hilarious today  .. had the funniest conversation ever, about topics that i'd rather not type on twitter (;
Lunch was nice today 
lunch with dad then gonna go lay by the pool later 
lunch with mama dukes. 
lunch with mama, din with my roomie and cuddle time with my kitty...not too bad of a day  Loving the simple things! Sleep tight world xo
lunch with my amazing boyfriend, then work, and more boyfriend 
Lunch with my daddy  http://twitpic.com/6qk4y
Lunch with my mom!! I'm so excited cause she's always working! 
Lunch with my parents and then it's nap time with my baby. 
Lunch with my partner in crime @wordsculpt 
Lunch with my super family! 
Lunch with Stace, have new tights now  ALSO NO MONEY. Kind of want to go out but kinda tired... calling Roz, see what she thinks.
Lunch with T, a few errands, and then I need to make a date with a snake. 
lunch with the girls at nineteenth! so good catching up 
Lunch, meatballs and pasta, very yummy. 
Lunch.  I'm so cold today. Cold and missing Facebook. Crackbook....
Lunch. Over. Dishwashing. Over. I'm back! 
lunched with @simX, @importantshock, @zadr, @patr1ck, @tristan, @RoyalPineapple, @vniow, @cbowns, @frijole, @mgorbach, and @eridius today 
Lunchtime with Julia . 
Lunchtime! Aaah some good fish at last  Fried that too! 
LUNCH-TIME!!! stomach's still rumbling, but &quot;kinder pinugin&quot; is waiting for my stomach 
lunnnnch with Gabs  then some good writing!!
lurking the celebs... haha especially demi 
Lush Ride here we come! I think E-betha will go as Hanel and I'll be Zoolander 
Lush weather were having isn't it I hope we don't need to be in college all day I want to go to whitby for the day 
luuuuuuv ya! &lt;3  such a great day  i am so happy! and i have to study maths.. so here i cooome. . . -.- xD
LUV IT  @B828: rb'n@Rella: @unfinishedperson: @b_s_lynn thanks for props/replies to @djLop @DJFrankie @Rella ... â™« http://blip.fm/~7gymu
Luv iTunes movie rentals! Why the hell pirate when, for loose change, you can be watching your movie within a few short minutes!! 
luv summer re-runs..i missed alot during the school year....watched Gossip Girl and One Tree Hill...fav shows 
Luv this Song - Winter Song - Sara Bareilles &amp; Ingrid Michaelson 
luvin' @taylorswift13's new video 
luvin my belly piercing. one love to sean lawson fo givein me tips 
luvin my new pic or what? 
luvin the recent DFS ad !  ? All about you ?? xx
luving 'Absurdism'!!! 
luvly day in the sunshine  onli 4 days now :0 OASIS
Lv20 Blacksmith. This makes me happy 
LVATT , TODAY &lt;3 hope to go and buy it today! 
LVATT â™¥â™¥â™¥ out in stores today! GO BUY IT 
LVaTT in stores now! go and buy it! if you ady hv it go and buy it again and again and again! 
LVATT is a trending topic!? Nice  Im getting it as soon as target opens, which is at 8 (: Then off to regents at 9.
LVATT is already number 3 on iTunes. WOW  http://bit.ly/haCbr
LVATT is bloody awesome 
LVATT is officially on sale in California. But presale got it to me earlier 
LVATT is out today in the USA! Yeah.. Go buy it now, or now or now - just buy it!! Buy, 1, buy 2, buy 10 whatever just buy it haha 
lve 2morrow! 
lvl 96 me vs a lvl 115 owned me i was useing crappy armour 
Lydia on the 28th 
LydiaStack @mitchelmusso when is the Australian relese? do you know? please write back 
Lying bed... Sooo much to do today... But this is much more fun 
Lying by the outside pool at DL again and wondering if maybe I'm actually on holiday and dreaming?! It's so gorgeously hot!! 
lying down. bored. haha. is @HeriCabral still awake? 
lying in bed watching ellen with my coffee and biscuits&quot; kris ellen today 
Lying in bed with my kitten, Electric blanket &amp; some Pantera in the background  OVER BEING SICK!
Lying in bed, actually watching Sportscenter, I kinda like it. Thanks JB. 
lying in bed, reading a good book, waiting for  Energy in Mafia Wars to get replenished. 
lying in bed, watching racing all day-lazy day   aboulutely chucking it down on the outside!
Lying next to the pool with goosebumps and thinking about KFC... I declare this day a lost cause 
Lying on bed feeling half-asleep... should really get up &amp; smell the coffee. Then maybe drink some 
Lying outside, chillin with my two wonderful, beautiful doggies  getting nervous about all this time alone... I'll throw a party 
Lyla took her first steps today 
Lynda Chung is following me with at least with 50 accounts, you see, she obviously loves me  #twitter
Lyndsay is tweetin'  tweet tweet
Lynn.moviiiess with @tjboone07 , you know who they say ppl are only in your life for a season ? Well he's been here for everyone 
Lyrics 4 Arabic songs: http://bit.ly/4Mcvt. Enjoy 
Lys had her baby girl Kennadi Grace! So excited... Another kid to spoil  &lt;&lt;3 shell&gt;
Lyssnar pï¿½  Face Down - The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus 
'm broken for de rest of de month liaooo, thanks to touch. Heh..  - http://tweet.sg
'm doing, I have to do  
m eating mango.. i just love them n now since i m so bored of everything + connecton is so slow today .. i will take rest .. bye  c ya
M loves getting @sarahslean autographed Cd's in the mail  M will also stop referring to herself in the 3rd person.
M Macintyre Comedy Roadshow AND B Bailey's Tinselworm tonight?  jackpot
m not going newhere.. these ppl have changed the plan... they r now gonna shop some basic stuff... n m not intrested... 
m off... 
m still watchin Boston Legal tho it cracks me up 2, scrubs earlier was good  i guess i just like a laugh!!!
M&amp;D have just left for harvey norman.. let's hope ipod touch is moulded into their brains so they buy me one. 
M.A. &quot;Fuck you Twilight. Not Kristen, Twilight.&quot; K.S. &quot;Go fuck your fucking (Fail.)!&quot; M.A. &quot;Fine I will. Fangless for once.&quot;  G'night.
M??i c??t to?c. Trï¿½ng mi?nh ngï¿½?u qua?. 
m@officialSusanB Read more stories about you tonight, don't believe them! I know you can win!!  Will you please reply to me to say hi?
M0rnin' Sunshine! 
ma bagai si eu pe ICANHASCHEEZBURGER http://tr.im/jdgN 
ma boo boo commin over today 
ma boy's leavin' but he better check the right pocket of his hoodie 
MA MUMMY GOT MY CLAN HOODIE  TODAY!!!  SHE OPENED IT FOR ME AND NOW SHE WANTS TO KEEP IT NO WAY!! IT HAS A NOTE FROM PETE, SOMETHING ABOUT
Ma terminale Tonight on Plug...and back on the radiiiiooooo on thursday! 
maaaaaaaaaan, it's soo nice outside 
maaad shiznits 
MAAAN reunited&lt;3 It's been a while 
Maalllll with mi madre 
Ma'am just because someone gives you attention does not mean they want to marry you. Stop acting like a dog and get a life! THE END!   
Mac n Cheese time! he he he 
Mac notes: It's a really old pilot that isn't going to get made. And yes that's one of the brothers from Supernatural as Young MacGyver 
Mac Update: Java for Mac OS X 10.5 Update 4 - Finally..  #Mac #Apple #Java #Update
Macarena..Lovin' it 
Macaroni &amp; Cheese rox my sox. Royally. Gotta fix this tape thing-y then it's back to packing for moving! Until then, gaming and music. 
Macbookpro users should avoid treos like fishy smells 
macdonalds with the monsters lol 
mackiemom@TheRealEminem : i hope u have a goodnight. And wanted to say great performance. U looked so HOT. 
mac'n'cheese time... oh yes 
Mac's message is even more amazing everytime i hear it 
Mactoura All Seasonï¿½s Fashion Tips Coming soon  its Fashion Saturday  http://mactoura.com/category/fashion/
Macurial development officially started!  What's Macurial you ask? Well, it's a Mercurial GUI for the Mac. More to come!
mad bored aht home . mad bored . watchinq videos of FRED . haha . election day !  &lt;3
mad bored hit me up!!  &lt;3gianna
Mad chillin. Lets hang out  im up for anything
Mad good 
Mad Hot Out 
'Mad Men' Season 3 set for summer    http://bit.ly/Khnh
Mad rack(s) at Misty. Giggity giggity, giggity goo. Shall I motorboat? Yes I will. 
Mad rush due to technical glitch. Bah! Anyway, gave in to the craving - tom yum glass noodle!  - http://tweet.sg
Mad tht I didn't make time to hang out with a friend but I already pinky promised tht I will clear my calendar tomorrow 
maddddest netball match!  PanthersPanthersPanthers!
MADD-E. it hurt like a motherfucker &amp; i am not that short &amp; yr tall &amp; i did grow some balls &amp; have fun at the pool &amp; date night tonight!! 
Madden no more! What a true gift to football 
Maddie and Bella: ddlovato - Maddie and Bellaï¿½ï¿½ My babies.  http://bit.ly/QiEAs
Maddie and Gabi are over  lake later!
Made $37 tonight, and on top of that, I had another batch of tips waiting for me. 
Made a background for the @metaspring twitter account www.twitter.com/metaspring, check it out  #webdesign
made a cd DRAMA FLY SOCIETY!!! and has been wearing my new beanie for 3days straight!!! 
made a cool card for a friend's bday. P wanted me to add a &quot;vellum pocket&quot; to put money in hehe 
made a good presentation just now... 
Made a good start to Lou's wall painting in the last couple of days  Also check out http://www.youtube.com/homeproject #fb
Made a GREAT dinner tonight. All by myself.  I'm now off to the police station to deliver dinner to my daddy at work. 
Made a mistake in #militarymon @CGCommandant &lt;&lt;&lt;Follow him for sure, the Big Kahuna #USCG -All due respect Sir 
made a mysql table with 150 entries  wrote a shellscript for this... while-do-done, a lot of echo and a list generated by ls Videos/ &gt;list
made a new best friend  were flying too the bermuda triangle where martha washington can protect us from geometrical figures lol
MADE A NEW FRIEND AND IM HAPPY..HES REAL SWEET 
Made a new screen name so I'm making new accounts 
Made a seamless connection to Toro Toro Quebec Two. 
Made a twitter. 
Made a Twitter. Ownz 
Made an interesting automator workflow to mount all network disks and fire up the sync process. A lot of work to 'just' double click now 
made and ate french toast with vanilla. Not sure if i like it better than the standard but it was still yummy 
made another artifact! 
made another break  whoot 14,500 in chips. back in 20
made by kaatiee (: hahah, follow me @kkkaaatiee 
made choclate cake for heet..with microwave it just takes 20 mins for the whole procedure.. let heet cum.. 
made chocolate chip cookies  about to go to choir!
Made coffee cake for her mom 
made cous cous for tea 
Made dinner fixin's for tomorrow &amp; made tonight's dinner. Ultra-productive!  Going to finish tomorrow's fixin's &amp; make lunch for tomorrow!
Made enough room in my garage today to get the car inside before the next hailstorm.  
made few videos for my future reel, but did made improtant things for my current projects  dunno why, I must do it tomorrow!
made friends today at the U of I  caaan't wait until the fall 
Made GaGa Money  !!! &quot;That's Money Honey'' [IMG]http://i607.photobucket.com/albums/tt159/bubblepopelectric94/unitedstatesofgg.jpg[/IMG]
Made gnochi...I have to say its really good  now with the besties
made homemade cupcakes, cookies, and buttercream.  yay! i need $150 by saturday.
made honey whole wheat bread today. the best I've made so far! ah, I love baking 
Made it  http://yfrog.com/5p20oj
Made it 2 top of the 6th. Moï¿½se super cool. Makes us look like we know what we're doing  Thx ATT park for fam friendly stadium.
Made it back from Millennium park... yeah I know 2:25 am but I'm a night person.... and I love it 
Made it back home safe and sound. Hanging out with my hubby and my little munchkins.   #fb
made it home from soc. dept. party w/out making an ass of myself  and I got a cool mug. lol.
Made it home safe  thar be no raping or murdering going on this night
Made it home safe...check my facebook page for pics  going to sleep now-work in a few hrs
MADE IT HOME!!! FINALLY! PHONE'S CHARGIN... SO TWITTER/MYSPACE ME!!! DANG I'M TIRED.. BUT HAD 2 GET MY INTERNET SNACK... 
Made it out in the seating... Maybe going to graduate today 
Made it out of Aveda only $105 poorer, and only spent $90 on myself at Lucky but got $25 gift card for free because I shop there too much 
made it safely to Kitchener 
Made it through last week, thank goodness!  School is almost done and I am excited!
Made it through the day! I'm exhausted and feeling a little delrious 
Made it through the labyrinth that is denver airport just in time to board!  spent a bit too much time in the airport bar 
made it to a second week with NSCC International... they must like me! 
made it to and from WB safely. happy times. 
Made it to BackBay Station w/time to spare. Glad @Megabus WiFi is robust; I need to work on the way to #140conf  http://twitpic.com/7gymp
Made it to chicago...let the baby fest begin 
made it to Houston, getting settled and unpacked, I just love staying with my grandparents, they even bought me beer already 
Made it to IL about 4 or 5 hours ago  s#!ty trip up though.
made it to LA! everyone look for me at the movie awards tonight 
made it to montgomery &amp; is on to gulf shores tomorrow morning to see Molly walk down the aisle 
Made it to Naples an hour and a half ago. 
Made it to Nationals! 
Made it to Reston okay. Will be in the photo lab until 5P before heading to the church to pick up Jessye.  See you later!
Made it to school!  A few people are still drunk from the festival. Makes me lol. 
Made it to shenzhen! Bus onto island next (100rmb, 40min). Then, cab to hostel. Li'l cloudy. 72F.  
Made it to the polling station in time!  voted for Piratpartiet (the pirate party) of course.
Made it to washington DC 
made it! haha. horray for the new @jonasbrothers album, out today! 
Made it!... At the hillsong united concert in Nashville! 
Made kiana a get well cake 
made laksa &amp; roti john with the boys..nyaman x) terseliur tah ku nah kn makan soto kuning 
made lemonade with the rest of the lemon and sugar from the pancakes 
made mark brekky in bed this morning....french toast!!, i hope he returns the favour next sunday! 
made matzah ball soup for hubby and wondering if Chinese birds nest soup is kosher?  and still wondering how healthcare agencies charge...
Morning all. Just had a Japanese Green tea.  Tasted awful. But apparently good for you.  Not sure if there is any truth in it, but hey ho 
Morning all. Lovely day for it - whatever &quot;it&quot; is that you might be doing 
morning all. lovely sunny day in London.  got a good feeling about this week  enjoy your days
Morning all. Lovely sunny day. Spending the afternoon with the family for some Cup Final / gaming / eating / talking. Should be good. 
Morning all. Nicest sleep ever last night  now a loooovely day  and gyyyyymmmm woooooo!!!!!
morning all. Sunderland's looking sunny today. Nothing like a nice stroll to work with a big cappuccino and some Skream on the iPod 
Morning all.. having a nice cup of tea and the sun is shining 
morning all...  what a lovely morning!
Morning all... as @clarepullen fails to point out I do most of the ironing. God I even get naged at online now...  
morning all... its 7:31am and mum and james are home in a few minutes! an unexpected surpise 
Morning All...! hotter again here today... not complaining, it just nice to see it..! 
Morning all....way too early for me.  It's almost 9am and I've already made the 2 hour drive to C'ville.  Silly work 
Morning And Night - The Holy Smoke Goes Up  http://bit.ly/5eEIU
Morning at the skatepark, love my 'drive' to work  http://twitpic.com/554qq
Morning bb's  i think rob is in hotel with her love LOL
Morning beautiful world. &gt;^,,^&lt; 
Morning Beverley! youre like a breath of fresh air on twitterland, have a good day 
morning black squadron 
Morning Boys &amp; Girls ! just got up .worst back pain ever .. gonna jump in the pool and then get some work done  how u doing ?
morning brunch with the Franks, afternoon hang out with the Tyrpaks, evening worship with Williamsburg Church. 
morning coffee and checking out the news 
morning coffee good morning everyone 
Morning coffee with @psaico. Which reminds me, @soare, call him now 
morning dear twitter  what are you all doing? xx
morning done my school work doing nothing all day now  what about u twitters
morning everybody  â™« http://blip.fm/~7jq0k
Morning everybody,Today is senior skip day and i'm in school  LAME
Morning everybody...church this morning cant wait 
Morning everybody-TGI friday, agreed? 
MORNING EVERYONE   How are y'all doing?
Morning everyone  &lt;Kayla Leanne&gt;
Morning everyone  Feeling a bit better today...you going to Economics revision this afternoon @GeorgioBaker?
Morning Everyone  have to study science today... what a mission!! lol but will be worth it when i write tomorrow ;)
morning everyone  how r u all?? x
morning everyone  how's it going?
Morning everyone  http://bit.ly/6wgn4   - seeing insects later  hee hee!
morning everyone  http://plurk.com/p/z6oy6
morning everyone  still sun burnt... its gonna look so funny in my formal...
morning everyone - v.tired, need to get the morning rum sorted, will catch up later 
Morning everyone  Very tired after reading New Moon again, aiming to finish it again ;)
Morning everyone  Wishing my parents let me go to the dinner...
morning everyone ... hope you all slept well 
morning everyone hope u all had a nice sleep 
Morning everyone! Don't really feel like going to get my hair cut today so don't think I will 
Morning everyone! Get pumped! 
Morning everyone! Heading off to church soon, then getting some breakfast, and then probably home. 
Morning everyone! Hope you have a great Sunday!! 
Morning everyone! I up and out for the day. I'll try and check in later, as the twins allow 
Morning everyone! I'm having a day in front of the computer today!  Sad I know lol.
Morning everyone! Just getting ready now. Finaly exam at lunch time! Will be good to get everything done 
Morning everyone! Just wondering if any way to do a random search on this thing..you know, like for hot single men 30-40?  lol
Morning everyone!!  4 hours sleep YAY!!!!!! :9
Morning Everyone!!  Gorgeous Jersey Day, 2 days till I fly out to LA  Lot's to do...
morning everyone!!!!!! 
Morning everyone,  &lt;Doro&gt;
morning everyone, beautiful day and i have a great view over the docks 
morning everyone, bit grey and chilly this morn.... 
Morning everyone, its a beautiful day again. I'm busy today have lots of cakes to make for home and cricket  http://ff.im/-3oMWR
Morning everyone, it's already a lovely day at the lab 
Morning everyone, just had a really great physio session and am now getting ready for work 
morning everyone. 
Morning everyone. Going to start filmmimg  two other unboxing vids and hopfully will be up today 
Morning everyone. Hopefully the weather will stay as glorious as it is at the moment. Lots of gardening and outdoor activities planned. 
Morning everyone. Seems that we will have another amazing summers day today here in London. 
Morning everyone. What a fabulous sunrise. Bit nippy but looking promising for the last day of school holidays 
Morning everyone....although I was up a few hours ago...my phone started going off at 8am.  Must be the beginning of the week! 
Morning family!!!!! Just want I wish all of u a productive day with lots of smiles 
Morning folks  Coffee is on me...or tea...whichever you prefer 
Morning folks  Haven't been on for awhile. How's every1 been?
Morning folks.. it's happy Go Monday in St. Louis, Missouri -- Have a great day..  
Morning for everyone! Let's see some tuning car's @ Tuning Festival. 
Morning Guys 
morning guys  had a very entertaining evening! haha! why am i still smiling?!
Morning guys! It's 5:15 am &amp; I'm headin off to florida! yay talk in a week  luv yall! &lt;3
morning guys. jus woke up loooked @ da window n it seems the temerrature outside is cooler  nice too much aint gd lol
morning guys....nice weather here at mumbai...and I'm not going out today..plans to take a complete chill, and enjoy the weather 
MORNING HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOM!  OK GOING OUT TO GO GET SOME FLOWERS AND HELIUM BALLON AND THEN COMING HOME AND DECORATING I WILL POST PICS
Morning has found me yet again and I hope it found you better than it did me 
morning- HOLIDAYS 
Morning hope everyone is having a great relaxing day so far 
morning just did some amazing yoga with my new amazing yoga teacher Sonya, BACK is feeling great.... thanks for all the votes... so happy 
Morning lovelies!  I is so sleepy... Dono what's the matter with me.
Morning lovers...I leave early early tomorrow morning! yay!   I will miss everyone though!
morning lurking complete.  Now, let's divorce some muthafuckas!  ha.  
Morning manic Monday!! I'm ready and I'm waiting! C'mon! 
Morning meeting time.  Keeping up to date is what we do!  
morning morning morning! got undirty, time to get dressed and get organized  watching married with children.
Morning my babies  ... k know, I. Know im up ! So not like me!
Morning My Fellow Followers...Wishing You All A Great Tuesday.  Let's Create Opportunities Today.
morning my fellow tweeters i wonder wat im for today in Ballycastle........ BEACH!!  x
Morning off to a great start!  Feeling refreshed and relaxed today, and it looks like we're in for some beautiful weather this week! 
Morning peeps  Work planned for the day, 1 kiddo home ill, 1 at school and 1 to go.  Then gotta get my guy in bed to get some rest.
Morning peeps!  I have a busy busy day planned. It  involves sitting in a park all day reading Eclispe why my baby plays. 
morning peeps! beautiful day but so much to do...  
Morning people! 
morning people! Great week ahead with some #WCF, #Elections and a private project 
Morning people! How u doing today and what r u doing today? 
Morning people! Wooo I've got up since 6 a.m and I already studyed English,clarinet and then Solfeggio (now) and guitar! Mamma mia! 
Morning people. Thanks for following. I will only be around when @wendywitwoo is twitgagged though, which can be quite often apparently 
Morning peoples, well afternoon now...  x
Morning peoplez!! 
morning plotting session was pretty productive. Heading back out to the pool to get back into it before the Cavs game 
Morning ppl!  Happy Birthday Eli!! 
Morning pplz...ahhh.. toony woke me up early (as usual)...anybody goin 2 church 2day...pray 4 me 
morning prayer meeting  how AMAZING is the gift of prayer!!!  i'm completely buzzing this morning! In christ alone my hope is found!
Morning pumpkin doodles  hope everyone has a spectacular wednesday!!
Morning Question: Next WoW Expansion.. Maelstrom or Emerald Dream? I am also indeed a lore nerd, so I look forward to why you think so. 
Morning rain is keeping me from my &quot;Get in shape for Stampede&quot; jog, so instead i'm making breakfast for my family 
Morning run is completed. Taking Sir Broadway proves to be disastrous at times. Lots of stops b/c of his 4 little legs.  But go SPF 30. 
MORNING SOULCIALITES : DECIDE TO HAVE A GREAT DAY TODAY 
Morning spent washing and waxing the plane.  Should go faster now 
Morning star shines, the earth says hello...  outside my window... clouds, wind and gloom, unbelivibly, this is 'ok' weather for up north 
Morning stroll in my neighborhood. Best way to start the day  in Pasadena, CA http://loopt.us/33vZpw.t
morning sunday  ? http://blip.fm/~7db95
morning sunshine hehe bowl of cereal and glass of orange juicyyy at hand 
morning sunshines !!! today is a friends birthday so we're going to the lake, grill and enjoy the suuun so much fun 
Morning Superstars! Today is a beautiful day! Remember to dream BIG! Dreams do come true, Im living one as of right now 
Morning sweetheart, lets do brunch today on me  @Janiqua
Morning teaching: done! couple of business talks: done! Putting the rest off till tonight and seize the day and nice breton weather 
Morning to all my fellow tweeters! 
Morning to everyone 
morning to those waking up  how is everyone. Not tweeted properly in 2 days or so as ive been busy
morning tqitters!!  hope all is good where you are...
Morning Twamily! I got put in Twitter Jail overnight...it gets dark in there. But Im out LOL 
morning tweebs  the sun is shining so nice! It's gonna be a great day for #pinkpop
Morning tweeple just off to have a shower!! Another sunny day 
Morning Tweeple! Drinking mocha frappe as Ty eats- I hope you all are planning on a great sunday! 
morning tweeple.. happy weekend!! fun night with the girls last night  many more to come
Morning tweeps  Good day ahead!
Morning Tweeps  lets see what today brings, I'm ready, come on 
Morning tweeps hope you are all having a good morning with this lovely weather we have - sunny sunny 
morning tweeps! coffee is made, son is at daycare, hubs is off to work, it's just me &amp; the lil one today; back to normal!  tweet ya later!
Morning tweeps! Listening to 96.2 FM Radio Liban - some nice classic rock in the morning  #Lebanon
Morning Tweeps! We spent the night in Farmington, NM. Today we'll drop by the Shiprock and Four Corners. 
Morning Tweeps!!  Leaving to go see Up with oldest.... 
Morning Tweeps, Wow up far too early on a Sunday (30 mins ago) ;) and dressed too, incredible lol 
Morning Tweeps.  Breakfast at 7:30AM with first sessions starting at 8:30AM.  Uploading some videos from last night as I type 
Morning tweeps. Another rainy day in Cape Town, great times  How Ya'll this morning?
Morning tweet world. I get three more vacation days this week!  woohoo!  Need to write 
morning tweet! 
Morning tweet.. Getting ready to go to the church. By my ministry as a singer today, I'll praise Jesus. God bless u guys  Happy Sunday..
Morning Tweet-A-Feaks.Go get some Midnite Snackin News and start ur day off w/ a laugh damitt! Pretty please  http://tinyurl.com/o9fdo3
morning tweeters  &lt;3
Morning tweeters! 
'morning tweeters! 
Morning tweeters!  I had so many dreams last night. I also dreamt about David too.  &lt;3
Morning Tweeters! Heading out for a quick morning jog. Stars were out last night. This mornings sunrise looks promising. 
Morning Tweeters...busy morning ttyl 
Morning tweethearts 
Morning tweetie pies. Not sure why I'm awake when I went to bed at almost 6am. Time to get ready..Gonna go to the movies w my daddy 
Morning tweeties! Up bright &amp; early. My friend insists on early dog walking cos it is HOT peeps 
Morning Tweeties...its quite nippy out this morning but beautiful...enjoy ur day 
Morning Tweetland, a long day ahead! Hope everyone has a great day  
Morning tweetpeas! I'm packing some orders and then I will have a relaxi reading, movies &amp; take out Sunday 
'morning tweets 
Morning tweets  hope everyones having a great Sunday especially all my peeps in Orlando ;)
morning tweets  loveeeeeeeeyouuuu yaaaa as always hahaha
morning tweets ! haven't slept &amp; at volley/bball fundraiser 
Morning Tweets!  Had breakfast outside while the sun was rising this morn = best way to start of ur day 
morning tweets!!! 
morning tweets, at last the sun is out. 
Morning tweets.. Super inspired this morning for the baby project.. Super excited  hope everyone a fantastic day 
morning tweets...  lets have a great saturday     all betters at the derby, hope you win!
morning tweets...hanging out in male' this morn 
Morning tweoples! I've got my moxey back 
MORNING TWIGGAS! THE WEEKLY RECAP IS UP ON www.thisis50.com! GO CHECK IT OUT 
morning twit loves 
Morning twitfam! On the way to LGA airport for my flight home. NYC was fun!  but I'm sleepy!!
Morning twitils.. Like I said last night b'fore I go to sleep.. C u on the air 101.4 Trax FM on Morning Zone..   http://myloc.me/2Y0e
MORNiNG TWiTLERS  up early &amp; qettin ready for church. qot thinqs back on track wit my babe after ALL that drama lOlSz excuse our love 
morning twits 
morning twits! beautiful day going for a run 
Morning Twits, have a good day 
Morning Twits... 
Morning twittaaaws.... Did u get that rascally wabbit last nite ;) lol I'm jus fudging wit ya. Happy mothers day to all tha loving Moms 
Morning twitter  @pal80 @echelon76 good morning you two &lt;3 Uhhhh nice lil convo, and I hope you work out your technical problems.
'Morning twitter ^^ Today it's shopping yay 
Morning twitter about to get in the shower! Drama rehearsal again at 10 but we have the weekend off them so i can actually have a lie in 
Morning Twitter bugs! LOL 
Morning Twitter Fam....Give God thanks for waking you up this beautiful morning! 
Morning Twitter feens...Happy madres day to all 
Morning Twitter friends! Just now posting cause I've been busy all morning! Hope everyone is well. 
Morning Twitter peeps. How are you all this fine Saturday morning? 
Morning Twitter! 
morning twitter!  Good morning love  Have a good weekend!
morning twitter! I just woke up and I feel rested...omgeee 1 more week of school yaaaaayy!!! me happy 
Morning Twitter! RS exam today. =[ but when the exam finishes at 11am, I can go home again 
Morning Twitter. Off to work for the day. I won't get to see my Aunt on the Today Show this mornin. Watch it for me. 
morning twitterbugs  work then home then school, what's the agenda inbetween?
Morning Twitterbugs!! I woke wit a &quot;CirOc&quot; headache. But I'm  SUPER HAPPY!! I Love Life  My Chickies my trife ass Niggas My $$$...
Morning twitterers 
Morning Twitterers.  Its not a gloruis day.  I am in love with my iPhone 
Morning twitterians....   How u guys day going!!!! 
Morning Twitterland... Happy Saturday 
Morning Twitters 
Morning twitters  Early morning and still writing lol. Need to turn in today :o
morning twitters! 
Morning twitters!..driving to mami in law to work then back in bed with hubby.. 
Morning twitters,another gorgeous day   it's picnic in the park today.
Morning Twitterverse  I am tired!
Morning Twitterverse!  Feeling good, but will feel better after I hunt down some breakfast. Toasted ham, cheese, tomato sandwich.  Mmm  
Morning twitterverse! Hope you all have a glorious day. 
Morning Twitterverse! Tgif!   
Morning TwitterVerse! To the right clouds, to the left side sunshine: the weather oes not make up its mind 
Morning Twitterverse! Trying to be productive this morning, so it's possible i won't be thrown in Twitter Jail today 
Morning Twitterverse. Ouran High School Host Club DVD arrived in the mail, watching it now  Don't like the dub though, prefer Japanese.
Morning twitterville! Have a great Tuesday! 
Morning Twitterville! have school then rehersal then workout yay 
morning twitterville! hope everyone has a great day 
morning twitterville! today isnt as busy..just have 2 train this morning after i get Jordyn off 2 school 
Morning Twitterworld. Have a great powerful Moosey day  SMILE.
Morning twittlets  headed to the studio for photoshoot selections. Mmm starbucks caramel latte 
Morning twittlets!! 
Morning Twitts 
morning twitts! my roomie made me a breakfast fruit smoothie.. it's super delish!  totally made my morning!  love her!
Morning Twitts. 
Morning twittwers Event expo this morning ....then back to packing !! 11 more days 
morning twoops, how are you all today - it is going to be roasting hot today, that's for sure! 
Morning walk for coffee with Howee before another awesome day of soaping  http://twitpic.com/6c5gu
Morning was at it's best...the best morning I've Ever had lol...I wish I could freeze time at moments like that...alll smiles 
Morning workout sesh.  Love Life.
Morning world  http://yfrog.com/5eq05j
Morning world  i love summer!
Morning world!  I think it must be breakfast time.  Then SUNSHINE 
Morning world! .Cleaning up my room while I'm listening to radio! Bof! 
Morning world! Just about to make a cuppa and do a few chores. Hope you're all well 
Morning World! Thank you Lord for another beautiful day  Can't wait for    Jonas Brothers &quot;Fly With Me &quot; music video tomorrow night!
Morning world! Traffic heaven has begun. School hols!   
Morning World!! Getting ready for Rehearsal!! Hope everyone's morning is great! 
morning world, what an amazing day ..... the weather is great 
morning world,i think the weekends booze is nearly out of poor unhealthy body,i have absed my temple and am now paying for it lol 
Morning World. First day of being a lady of leisure.  Love it - http://bkite.com/083Fy
morning world... coffee and emails 
Morning y'all feeling hella energetic.ready 2 conquer the world  
Morning y'all!  I'm still in bed being lazy, what y'all up to? 
Morning yall!!! 2night doing 2gigs...first reason xxl at the sand then off to alkmaar private party have fun in the sun 
Morning yoga session 
morning!  another day in paradise 
Morning! - awesome day ahead 
Morning!  Going out with the girlies today!
morning!  i see my background works now...but i don't really like it very much. what do you guys think?
Morning!  Nice rainy day in DC. Need to break out the umbrella...ella ella ...oops was I singing??? ;)
Morning!  We've had 2 orders going to the USA today, unusual but very welcome   Hello American friends!
Morning! (: Had a weird dream......youtube was involved..... Scary stuff..... =D &lt;&lt;I have some obsession with these smiley-faces..... 
morning! and what a good one it is! 
Morning! Everybody 
Morning! Feeling better today, sun is shining and that's great 
Morning! Got A Bussy Day Today! 
Morning! had a great day. meet a new manager. She is sweet and nice.  my old jerk manager is gone forever!
morning! half a day today only! yay! it's going to be a great great day 
Morning! Half past 8 and we're off home buy caravan buy Yarmouth buy wind farm. I plan not to be back here with parents for a long time 
Morning! Have a Great Blessed Wonderful Saturday!! Xoxo! Yo... 
Morning! I actually got some sleep yesterday .. Or today..? 8 hours baby woo! I love my sleep I could sleep forever if I had the chance! 
morning! i feel really bad aha. on alice mac :o confusing! alicccceeeeeee 
morning! I got my regular coffee and went to give my vote. Try to make the difference. Hav a nice ,lazy Sunday 
Morning! It's a great sunny day in Edinburgh!! Nice!!!!! 
Morning! It's thirsty Thursday!!  yay! 
Morning! I've just got half day off work, so i finish at 12.30, Yippee! Gonna hit shops for something nice to wear tonight 
Morning! Just making an appearance. Cleaning windows &amp; corners today. Feeling closer to God already~  Raining in MI. Good day to stay in.
morning! just woke up! whooh! 
morning! lmao i slept till noon today ahah 
morning! looks like a sunny day 
Morning! Not ready for day...just not ready. 
morning! pb's alseep(ish) &amp; I don't want to turn the tv on and wake him. aren't I nice? aslong as he wakes before my 10%iPodbattery dies 
Morning! Refrained from tweeting til head on right way &amp; coffee &amp; bacon sammich consumed. Shall now take the day by the short &amp; curlies.. 
Morning! Relaxing morning and now getting ready for Central and North Ward lunchon! 
morning! shower time. 
Morning! So much to do today it's unreal and unfortunately IT and not photography centric, but will push on through 
Morning! Time to move today  hope everyone is well
Morning! Today in Exeter with the team. Willing to share thoughts, explore new ideas and learn new things 
Morning! Today should be good  [just so we all know I'm on twitter not Facebook ;)]
Morning! Yes! Flight Control update available 
Morning!!  13 days!!! *Screams* YAY. Radio Disney and Coffee. How are people this morning? @IrishJonasFan talk to me when you come online!
Morning!! LIFE's a BIG ADVENTURE,so make the BEST of every moment!! 
Morning!!! Ahh I feel good.. Well rested.  So what its Monday and that's my hell day ? ... I'll be out of that soon enough ... 
morning!!! breakfast and then a little workout 
Morning!!! Essays started already ofcourse with a cup of tea  how English 
Morning!!! Going to get ready and go to the market  Then a full day of revision is ahead of me-oh joy!
Morning!!! Rise and shine my beauties!! It's lovely on Cali! 
MORNING!!!!!  Another B-E-A-U-tiful day!!!
morning(?) and happy #poynterday everybody! 
Morning, (: .. @dfizzy yes you should upload it!! 
morning, 1st day of me starting 2shift 1 to 9:30 pm suck's but at least i got the first half of the day for anything 
Morning, Alice! 
morning, all partied out this morning and hoping for a lazy day, with playgroup and yoga, fat chance! 
morning, beatiful cold day....waiting for the men's final...good luck rog! go make history 
morning, beautiful day 
morning, bit tired, small boy with the start of poorliness me thinks, too much snot in the middle of the night! Simon making me brekkie 
morning, currently eating pancakes 
Morning, everyone 
Morning, feeling really creative this morning. Bring it on.  
Morning, Im going for a haircut now  I really do need it! I still have nothing planned for after however...
Morning, i'm ready to Conquer the World!!  Only 23days left to PR!!   I love to travel!!
nothing better then veggie juice in the morning 
Nothing can cheer me up like delicious food. Probably why I'm fat.  http://thebloggingmum.blogspot.com/2009/06/cheers.html
NOTHING CAN EVER COME BETWEEEEEN US...SO COME AND DANCE WITH MEE...JAIIII HOOOO ! 
nothing else matters other than that. 
Nothing else to do  http://www.i-dressup.com/fashion/
Nothing else, but MATHS! 
Nothing exciting from me tonight....got some new toys to play with though  Happy Mother's Day Ladies
nothing for now 
Nothing funnier than an ex gf turning into a slut. 
Nothing gets the adrenaline rushing like a short-deadline, high-pressure project... yeah, I'm a geek 
Nothing going on today, as usual. Nick and Jason are still in bed, so it is nice and quiet right now 
nothing hahaha 
Nothing interested 
NOTHING is better than a guy with wit 
made Milo biscuits - and they're goooood  yum!
Made my day 1: lots of LOST research. kind of productive. but changed my twitter BG to fave character 
made my first apron! gretel will be proud 
Made my first sale on my debut novel, very excited about that!  Have 6 books reserved for two bookstores wanting copies. 
Made my first Skype to landline call.  Good call quality, quite impressed 
Made my hair darker and got rid of the red in it. Now watching bitches fight on Bravo! 
made my pin hole camera todaaaaay. need to get some film now!  http://tinyurl.com/cw8wp2
made my updates unprotected dunno why but i did 
Made myself a breakfast of bacon, eggs, home fries and cofee.  Wish you were here to share it with...  You know who you are... 
Made myself a toast and som orange juice and now I'm going to watch Kill Bill 
Made new friends today 
Made New Video, Check It Out 
Made one big pile out of several small piles of what I call 'catch all collections' mail, coupons, receipts, stuff;  time 2 organize! 
made one hell of a dinner for me and my husband. 
made pizza mushrooms for lunch.....lushious 
made sakura green tea. still thinking about something i need to do on wednesday....*suspense* 
Made smoothie with yogurt and honey, perfectly acceptable; then a good bake in the sun in the afternoon; more of the same tomorrow. 
made some homemade garlic bread 
made some muffins with Laura... I think they are a little bit too sweet, Laura  Tons of fun!
made some new shirts today... they look awful 
@mgallina I'm not really sure, hence my confoundment. The possibilities are endless, I suppose 
@mgbianc Thanks for the retweet. Common error is to miss the frivolous T in my last name. 
@mgbraden Good looking family!  
@mgcady True. But I have an evil, evil laugh. 
@MGChislett but william or sisky have said you did.. Or broken fingers. I am NOT a stalker, I promise. 
@MGChislett you played with hillsong?! that makes me smile 
@mgd congrats on your ever expanding empire! 
@mgeils Go hard or go home, I always say! Having said that, I fear after-hours work has taken the gusto out of my Thu. Enjoy your bopping 
@mgersting you are such a girl. I love it  
@mgfilion I've been following her for a long time 
@mggallag That's good! I start mine tomorrow! I am so excited to get back to writing! 
@mggillustration Beautiful, isn't it? 
@MGGubler  I hope you recover soon 
@mggykills are goin' for the lakers this finals? or magic? 
@mggykills thanks..we'll surely wait for you guys. 
@MGhoz @Bashmohandes Allah yebrek feekom. Thanks 
@MGhoz http://twitpic.com/7iv6m - seriously  soo fun
@MGHTYDX lawn here. 
@mgi88s babe you crazy you know u on my favorites 
@mgier Yea! Only 22k more, and you'll catch up with my Escort. 
@Mgigs Not unless they come out with Blackberry messenger ont he iphone 
@mgilbir Today is holiday in most of Europe (not in sunny .se though) + I finished _everything_ in time! ;) Life is goooood 
@MGiraudOfficial    http://twitpic.com/5dkm2 Do you like it???? I'm in the process of making yours 
@MGiraudOfficial  Can't wait too meet ya at Grand Rapids and Indianapolis...  
@MGiraudOfficial -- Have you ever really loved a woman  was a good one 
@MGiraudOfficial &quot;Everyday People&quot;, not exactly funky...but mmm, a great one.  
@MGiraudOfficial and I am in love with you Matt Giraud 
@MGiraudOfficial and we will all be there to meet you.  Get ready to flirt 
@MGiraudOfficial anything Stevie 
Morning, people! 
morning, suns out  better be allowed out to slide down the rainbows and laugh at goats milk on a boys head 
MORNING, TIME FOR MY EXAM...well @ 1:00 
Morning, TwitFam..HAPPY FRIDAY! Hope everyone finds a good cookout and stays safe this weekend - I know I have that covered! 
Morning, Twitter! Glad to see you after a long time offline 
Morning, Twitterati 
'Morning, twitterfriends! It's a great start to the work week! If you're up, tweet w/3 words to describe your morning-may put on the air 
Morning, up and about! Going away for a christening soon, feel better today, still a bit sick though!  cya later 
morning, usually up super early but i stayed up late and watched the mtv awards, it was great though...Funny...Super funny...worth it.  
Morning. At moms. Its so nice to visit with everyone. 
Morning. Friday =  Sun shining =  Ohh so happy
Morning. Have a great day ahead. 
Morning. Hoping today I manage to solve some of the problems that came up yesterday. That's as near to positive as I get 
Morning. I don't think I can take a twitter break :/ anyway. Love everyone and pray and cross your fingers for the contest!  &lt;3
Morning. I have messy hair, and it's wet. Time to get dressed. Science, History, R.E and Music exam today 
Morning. i slept in today.i feel good. about to take a shower and eat breakfast.  yum.
Morning. Just completed a fitness evalution that proved I need to work on my upper body strength. Anyhoo I'm off to work now. Craving tea 
Morning. Sundays are awesome! I don't have to do anything but chillax 
morning. Up to practice for Church... Aren't normal people supposed to sleep in on Sundays??? Normal and I don't see each other much. 
morning... ewww! It's too early! stupid school! @RyRy08: thx for listening to me complaining the whole afternoon! 
Morning... i did not plat my hair b4 bed... i look slightly wild! well ive fixed that now 
morning... i have amazed myself thismorning - already had breakfast, showered+dressed AND tidied my room 
morning... its going to be a good day! 
Morning....another day at school :/. But seeing Absent Elk tonight 
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings!  xx
Nothing is wrong, but I do need some good vibes for something  I'll share later if I can!
Nothing just soaking in a rangers win against the nation!!!!! 
Nothing like (free!) food and drinks to celebrate the sister's graduation today! Nothing beats a beautiful day in Charlotte, NC, either 
Nothing like a glass of wine to finish the day L'Chaim!  To Life!  and to sleep!  Good Night all
Nothing like a good book, pajamas and a hot chocolate 
Nothing like a good cup of coffee to get a morning started 
Nothing like a little Allman Brothers in the morning to get you going, especially when the kids are finally gone 
Nothing like a little bit of Rockband. 
nothing like a little city and colour before bed  and postal service... and Dosh, annnnd Andrew Bird... and Sufjan Stevens. Sleep line up
Nothing like a little live music with your dinner.  http://twitpic.com/3k5e1
nothing like a little tv to end my day well 
Nothing like a manicure and pedicure with my best friends to unwind from a stressful week &amp; gear up for my sweet 16 tomorrow!! 
Nothing like a nice shower to brighten an otherwise dull day! 
nothing like a rainy un-productive saturday. wifey made up for it with some fantastic food 
nothing like a Solero to cool you down 
Nothing like a time of praise and worship to give perspective to your day 
nothing like an amazing night with even more amazing friends 
Nothing like awesome weather, bbq, and hundreds of people I haven't seen since I left Long Island 
Nothing like cold pasta salad for lunch...while sitting on your studio balcony in the sun! And they call this work.... 
Nothing like fresh warm croissant, on their own, for breakfast - Yummy. Sets you up for the day. 
Nothing like hopping into a bed with fresh crisp sheets after a long day... g'night people 
made some publicon... yes I made them by myself  added them to my myspace site
Made some Salsa and Queso. Fixin to watch Notorious with my wonderful wife 
made the best turkish food 
Made the room super dark last night we we could sleep in and I could try to get this cold over with. It half worked, we did sleep in. 
Made the switch to branded entertainment.  Paid too much money to not learn something  #nextmedia
Made this amazing taco salad for dinner tonite...mmm...work was a disaster...glad I'm off tomorrow 
Made this twitter account just to see how Tifflicious is doing  ima stalker!
Made up to see buddy tonight, love him to bits  xx
madina lake chat for 7pm  yaaaaaay *eastern time* i miss my boys
Madness down here! thanks @saltyshutter for popping in  Hope bump enjoyed it too!
madness! spending every second thinking about nicole n the girl 
Madonna &quot;4 Minutes&quot; ? http://twt.fm/135777 - Hell yeah! This is my jam biznitch! 
Madras #arbidthingstoremember 
Madre day! 
Mady &amp; I had a good drive back to Decatur today. Visiting family &amp; finishing the final details for Mady's 1st birthday party on Saturday 
morning...getting ready/school/bus/DANCE/home/shower/eat food/sleep 
Morning...is anyone out there??? 
Morning...starting my daily routine...DMD, music, &amp; lovin life!!...   
Morning...tired should i excercise or jus relax need to catch up on sleep..Ladies would you like to see Shemar Moore @ Embassy? Hit me up 
Morning/Afternoon to all followers 
Morninggg  Well last night went better than expected, @fayekearney you in school 2morra ladd? Xx
morninggg!  off to get myself an education, or something like that ;) ethan babyys laters &lt;3  tweeet tweet bbydolls.
morninggg! time for a new and productive day! 
Morningggg Everyoneeee 
Morninggggg. Man I'm tired. 9 more days of school!  I'm kind of sad and happy about it.
Mornings and afternoons on the ballfield. Ohhh yes! 
Mornnnnnnning all  Another sunny boiling day...garden soon!! Hope everyones having a good morning. xxxxxxxxx
mornyt twiters!!  tweet tweet! 
morongo is an epic failure...I lost a dollar! and waayy too many people. 
Morris Chestnut is handsome 
morrrning. time for school. (: time to learn! 
morrrrning  UMAD?
Morrrrrrrrrrning! 
Mosambe - http://www.mosambe.com/  WOW!!
Moscars were fun!!! Saw @JeremyTheNerd @kellykis17 and @T_mod !!! 
nothing like late night recording sessions  working hard on the album
Nothing like plain pizza in square shapes..  
nothing like rebooting your phone before starting a session. WHee! 
Nothing like royality free icon packs. 
Nothing like seeing a dead body in the morning 
Nothing like seeing the sunset at Bothanical Garden with my wife... It was cold, but it was awesome! 
nothing like sitting inside, with a jacket plus blanket doing assignments... Australian Houses.... 
Nothing like some delicious orange juice in the morning.  Now off to work... Everyone who loves reality TV, read my column this week. ;P
Nothing like some warm soup and a Valium to put me to sleep. Ahhh...finally time for sleep and a brand new day tomorrow. 
Nothing like waking up next to some one who loves you more than anyone else ever has. Then playing video games 
Nothing like waking up to the smell of moms chocolate chip cookies 
Nothing like walking into gap outlet, hearing pussycat dolls, and then hearing your son singing along at the top of his lungs 
nothing likea x-files episode to make u distrust goverment,make yourself think there watching you, and feel parinoid 
Nothing makes me happier than a rapper selling out.  Dr Pepper commercial? Law &amp; Order? That IS thug life.
Nothing melts like a brownie and ice cream. Lol 
Nothing more invigorating than a quick roll in the &quot;hay&quot; and a late night walk with the dogs. 
Nothing more perfect on a sunny day than the smell of ribs and steak sizzling on the grill! Yummy 
nothing more refreshing than working out on a saturday morning 
nothing much ... just enjoying the day with the kids 
nothing much just bored 
Nothing much just staying at home. Been learning to cook 
nothing much to twit about..  anything?
nothing much, gutted susan boyle didn't win last night. Diverstiy are AMAZING though. can't wait for desperte housewives finale tonight 
Madyson is taking a nap on her blanket  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6894044
Mafia Wars &amp; Sorority Life has been fun but alas it is a work day tomorrow.  Goodnight to my socialite friends and my piston warriors. 
Mag &gt;&gt; Advertisement: how do you guys handle fax?  i want to receive them via email. no hassle. anyone tried MyFax?  http://is.gd/wjge
Maggie is waiting for somebody to drop their breakfast for my brunch.  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/465447
Maggie's almost here  And, Phantom of the Opera tomorrow!
Magic coincidence tonight. My American friends will have episode 2x11 of Pushing Daisies in two hours, while I'm going to watch 2x1 now. 
Magic Mountain Time! 
Magic off to face the Lakers in the finals !! wooh. ! 
Magic plz win! Goin bowling instead 
MAGIC WON LAST NIGHT! (DUH!)  beautiful game. woot... &amp; past few days have been pretty awesome. not gonna lie.  
MAGIC, cookies and toph 
Magic's crushing the Cavs!  Thank God. 91-75.
mah liddo bby t`neya is here &amp;&amp; iLove her  she made mah whoooole morning.
Mahaba tlga hair nya because you love him 
mahalo for the #FF  @EcoArchitect808 @olagon @Pineapple Godess @oneson  hope you're having a great friday evening!
Moses! Moses! Moses! good to have you back  wishing everybody a great weekend ... enjoy the music
mosey along hehehe  http://www.myspace.com/38pr
moshimoshi 
most animals was hiding from the steamy day except orang utan 
Most awesome.. Built a fileserver/NAS/firefly server serving up my music to iTunes. 
Most hated female in cpeake 
Most importantly, though- also the main reason for the Internet fast- lots of intense GOD TIME! 
most legit night... just about to get even better 
most of the celebration cleaning is done.now get the gardens ready for later this afternoon.paintboy is working hard today with out paint 
Most of today was good... The last 3 hours were &quot;meh&quot;, pero... whatevers. lol. Mos Def - Jet Plane 
Most people either love me or hate me, there really is no in-between!  Tell me something about you...
Nothing much, listen to music  You?
Nothing new about today...oh yea...except my cute new car!  (p.s. sticking my tongue out at UNC)
Nothing new ever happens with me, I'm so frustrated and gloomy. I NEED  a LONG summer vacation 
nothing on today  
Nothing quite like finding good amp settings from a solid state amp 
nothing really, just watching detroit tigers game, in my room. lol 
nothing reli just sitting here drinking tea...!! 
nothing shows up on my screen, but seesmic desktop 
nothing special  ...
nothing specific, yet I was happy this weekend 
nothing to do on a monday morning and loving it 
nothing to do today ... except one fact: watching buffy on dvd 
Nothing to do with anything but Andrew posted something about beer he likes and i wanna know what it is! 
nothing to do...watching tv...and later i will buy a new mobile phone 
maharlika's got A TWITTER. follow her -&gt; @mimicitaa 
mahas at a match 
Mahattan fish market!! Whoots!! This is amander btw  http://twitpic.com/6iqw2
Mai is THE place to go in Nashvegas!  Oh did I mention one of the guys is a HOT fireman?! we exchanged numbers   hmmm oh yeah, Taco bell..
Mail + Spamsieve = #success. Gmail spam filter = predictable success 
mailed her cover letter and resume to Las Vegas Motor Speedway!!! 
main games,talking with @ Far2090 
main hoes Kath and Tessa are comin over. 
main law exam over  and only 2 more exams left then its all over 
Main St life has its ups and downs, but right now we are as high as a kite! Take a walk downtown today 
main street with my main headsss&lt;3 amazing day/night 
Maine is awesome!  Can't wait to take my new Sigma 10-20 mm lens down to old port for a few pics 
Maine Medical Center for a few days.  Sister induced tomorrow and new nephew on the day 
Mainly synyster gates. Kay thanks 
Maintenance massages for your body is like a tune-up for your car.... so get yourself in for a tune-up today!  
Maita: chillin in CH's house in between shoots, look at their cool koi pond! I heart cloudy days   http://twitpic.com/50w0h
Majestic Theatre in Madison! We ate at a really pretty restaurant.  I loved it. 7 hr road trip home tonight! Woo!
Major assignment for semester complete! now welcome holidays 
Major beer geeks ahead  #Fb
major Deegan expressway to Manhattan for Fall Out Boy.I effin love my mom for waking me up, and driving me at 4am 
major headache , tis alright tho , slumber party with tash 
Major headache but I have the next 3 days off 
nothing to serious or fun as yet.. smiling though.. yeah yeah 
Nothing went too well with my hat, so went all black again. Hope I don't sweat my ass off! Stay tuned for pics! 
nothing wrong with gayness, I love my lover boy.  The Rey de me Soul.
NOTHiNG.!!  ,,â™¥
nothing..which is the best thing to do 
nothingg. dnt know how to wrk thiss 
nothingggggggggggggggggggggg! bored as, feels like playing some sims 
nothings better than kopp's ice cream 
nothings impossible. 
nothings uuuuuuup 
nothinmuch chilin  ...umm sned me a message 
nothinng  
Nothn' more fab than free ice cream  @dealnews Free cone day at Ben &amp; Jerry's - http://tinyurl.com/cqzdss
notice any changes here at the site? 
Notice how similar the walking styles of Emirati men in konduras is to that portrayed in Freej? 
notice WXNP or whomever have facebook and myspace too  and blog
noticed @espn put 2gether promo pkg fast 4 magic vs. lakers game on thurs. interesting to c if lg brands will rev msging since cavs r out 
Noticed McDs are doing Oreo McFlurrys. mmmm ice cream 
noticed there was practically no one on trails just now... everyone must be home getting ready for Whistler episode of Bachelorette!! 
Noticed there's no teevee in my new place, very worried but up for the challenge 
Most perfect day ever ever 
Most productive day so far this week and it's not even noon 
mostly likely; so going to bed right now. and remember;; LINES, VINES AND TRYING TIMES IN STORES TOMORROW. 
Mother daughter bonding time, doing each others nails  Pretty (:
mother eff...no cable...well, i have the net  http://bit.ly/mQ2vs
Mother Gendron and I are planning a RoadTrip Out to either Jersey or NewYork to see @MitchelMusso in Julyy! 
Mothers Against Goth. http://bit.ly/6UEkw  &quot;Get Off The Goth, I Can Help&quot; 
Mothers and daughters can have such a beautiful relationship. My daughter and I are closer now that she's grown up. Therapy helps 
mothers are the best. too bad for those who doesnt like 'em bcoz they dont know what they're missin'  sorry but thats the truth.
Mothers Day 
Mother's day 
mother's day evening really was about mom 
Mother's Day is approaching    I love my MOTHER 
Mothers Day is hard for me on so many levels...2 b honest Im glad its almost over!! I did love hearing so many share their joyful day!!! 
Mother'S Day Is In June Here...But Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms 
MOTHER'S DAY LUNCH 
Mothers Day Sunday.  About to feed my fat ass 
Mothers day today! 
mothers day! fun fun fun... no joke. 
Mothers Finest---Baby Love 
MAJOR UPDATE FOR MYWEBLOG OUT NOW: http://tinyurl.com/o3rua2 - supports pages and timed publication now and a lot of more nifty stuff 
Majority of Player Profiles now online. Well worth a read - yes, that's you King of Cod, Mr Penner...........!! 
majority think Kristen Stewart will be wearing a dress.. i think so too  Rob can come wit a paperbag on his head &amp; he'd still be hottt 
Makan2 dkt secret recipe times square dgn beloved cousin 
makasih hujan yang bikin hati adem. 
makasih ka @dindanugroho udah di follow balik 
Makayla's coming over. CEDAR POINT TOMORROW 
'make a little space to make a better place', Michael Jackson HEAL THE WORLD. -maybe he isnt all crazy  he is right here!
Make a Wish Twitter World  Its 11:11 am.
Make donations on my blog  http://hiolivejuicee.blogspot.com
Make him do it... He'll be pissed... But he'll be extra early 
Make is a SUPER Day!! Receive the Blessings the Lord has in store for you today 
Make it a gr8 day tweeps!  
make it a late afternoon coffee  but nice tune @DoubleG72: &quot;A smooth downbeat track for your mornin' coffee...&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~74kup
Make lotsa pb&amp;j sandwiches + feed homeless on skid row + watch boys bball + chill + dinner theater double date w/ parents = my Saturday 
Make me one! 
make me ready to go into the city  im so glad to see a  good friend *___*
Make me your Michelle and put your Barack in me! 
Make our own Twit-Shirt http://twitter.threadless.com 
Make sure if you have not yet, u check out Joe's new blog, letsgetthis.org. Good night world! Sweet dreams, sleep sound &amp; well! 
Make sure to sign up as friends at http://myspace.com/officialjoevalenta in order 2 soon get free friends only mp3 downloads of my music! 
Make Sure u Follow @BouncebeatKingz   ....Because..They ARE The Bounce Beat Kingz 
Noticed Wellwood has all his teeth in tonight, that's nice 
notte mondo twitteriano.. goodnight 
NotThat'Nilla making croissants, coffee and eggs. Naked. 
Nottingham Whitewater course on channel 2  PADDDLED THERE.. Looks so awesome.
nov 5th 
November 19th -- 172 shopping days until my birthday... plenty of notice.  #andycrash
November must when I drop out of school and stay in my room for a long time. COD : Modern Warfare 2 on the 10th and L4D 2 on the 17th.  
Now  back at mum's. We're going to try and set up the TV in the garden to watch the FA Cup final in the sun  Come on Everton
now  I can't stop to listening PARANOID, and behind enemiy lines , sing love story and watch the video you belong with me of Taylor Swift 
Now - off to the gym for some high impact aerobics   Will tweet later!
Now #Malaysia PM is on twitter. Should I follow him? 
now @ ICS 
Now 1531; did well in recent games against strong opponents. Enough 
Now 335' above Downtown Disney aboard Characters in Flight! 
now a little bit of cleaning, then reading, and then work 
Now adoring Ellen D's voice 
now after desperate housewives, to the cramming of Surds for math! 
Now am taking a rest 
Now at work 
now awake 
Now back to work. Gah! I got my stuff though 
now by Kris Allen! haha.  second version! )
Now church! Need to have some quality time with The Big Boss 
Now contemplating the garden, after a couple of days away! Good growing weather, from the looks of the weeds! Oh, well. Down to the work. 
Now dat I have my headline onto finishin the edits, sending @asherroth into production and movin on2 the next article 
Now dinner on uni' with my twitter bff @sarabethbrooks and her mama 
now doing faux-hawk on my hair 
Now done for the semester!!!!!!!!!!!! 
now end of work.....go home...make some to eat and listen to some gangsta shit 
Now everyone can leave tonight   thinking about the drunk guy from the train
Now everything is cool as long as Iâ€™m getting thinner... LOL I wish!  â™« http://blip.fm/~7r3iy
Now finally off to bed!! 
Now finished work..time to celebrate my birthday 
now finishing up the float with sheryl!!  hahah weeee
Now Following 50 cent  @50cent
Now following a bunch of games studios and games designers 
now for breakfast 
Now for Mr @jbrookeiv and the Oliva Series G Maduro -  http://bit.ly/qbVt0 - had the natural last night myself 
now for some serious dark chocolate degustation!!!  medicinal purposes of course  hehehehe
Now freds listening to when you me in the eyes 
Now getting my hair done . . . A step closer to my holiday 
Now getting up at 7 isn't a problem anymore  Yay
now going to read harry potter 
now going to return comments 
Now Hannah Montana  yay
now has 474 Twilight photo's on  my I-pod hehe XD &amp; Only 54 days till Transformers 2 is out!! 
now has a cold face from walkkng to the servo haha oh well the joys of living almost on top of a mountain 
now has a Plumeria background. 
now has many clothes to wear... all clean and washed 
Now has over 24 gigs of music 
now has the sims 3 
Now has the smart car weird... and is watching golden girls  i will soon need to be reading or playing piano.
Now has two gigablorts of netbook ram and a fancy netbook mouse  Glee.
Now have windows 7 up and running....very very happy  it's got sum wicked new features http://bit.ly/jyWnz
Now having a glass of white wine 
Now he's in 2nd. HE'S ON A ROLL!  I hope he wins. 
now holds the Guinness World Record fÃ„'m one in 20 Million 
Motivation for Mr Lamming, DIY skills not mine but courtesy of Derek  http://yfrog.com/104ytj
motivation returns... just in time for my Russian homework - which is good, but not quite ideal 
Moto Stunt Ride 2009 Romania - World Championship, 16-17 may, Romexpo. Supertare! ne vedem acolo 
Motorcity Pride baby!! Come get your gay on 
MotorcycleDaily editor's &quot;Unchained&quot; thoughts on the Zero S. Pretty sold on electric.  Predicts ~50% electric by 2020  http://bit.ly/qV7t4
moulin rouge!  
mountains tomorrow then shopping 
Mouse aka The Waldorf Posterboy - My Love Utopia mp3. http://www.zshare.net/audio/60340982509aebc8/ Countdown To 1.5  For the Ladies 
mouth full of mini mint ice cream mouthfuls! hope you are enjoying your Friday night 
mouth is so sore from laughing while watching intimate notes 
MOV file saving! and I'm in a better mood after skypeing with @AlanDistro and Alex.  Bed soon...Hopefully I'll be able to get up to run.
Move into the nice house in Irvine  I feel so much better now.
Move More-Cut Fat-Quit Smoking-Reduce Stress -Protect Yourself from Pollution 
Move on!! Its just a chapter in the past! BUT don't close the book just turn the page!! 
Move to web, the ugly Nambu failed me big time. ooh hi @taufikn, @alderina have a great Monday to both of you 
Now I ain't trynna start no mess...it's just something on my chest...THAT I NEED TO GET OFF...CAUSE YOU TURNIN' ME OFF!!!! HOTT LYRICS 
Now I am getting tired so I am off to bed  Good night twitterbirds &lt;3 YAY! Tomorrow is Friday! I love Fridays like I love Twitter! &lt;3 lol
Now I am watching Terminator 2. I love chick flicks 
now I can clean up my hard drive 
now i can gooo to sleep... toodles fools!! 
Now i can use my phone to update 
Now i cant go back to sleep. I am so excited 
Now I feel completely great. 
Now I gots me some gummy bears. 
Now I have most of three weeks off from school. 
Now I have the song &quot;Amarillo by Morning&quot; stuck in my head. Guess where we are now? 
Now I have to wait for it to properly dry, or I'll ruin it again. This is experience talking 
Make that 0 Attack Day 
make that detroit up 4-0 woohoo 
Make that lazy 5 ranch 
Make that TWO of my kids who have never flown. It's actually kinda cute 
Make the most of your budget and maximise your ROI here www.marketdefender.com have a listen to www.myspace.com/clairecameronmusic too! 
Make the most of your budget and maximise your ROI here www.marketdefender.com never before has a PPC campaign been so easy!! 
Make those shapes count - rave on 
Make up done... OTW to the wedding venue now...  Ahay... 
make YOOOOOUR brownie, sweetheart 
make your business stronger and make her love you !  http://bit.ly/2slq7G
Makeing a pizza.. yeaah i know its late.. but i did'nt get anything for dinne because ditte and stina was suddenly at my place 
makeing a sighn for alliee 
Makes me cry nearly each time I listen toï»¿ it  â™« http://blip.fm/~8b9vc
Makes me proud when I overhear the PR pros I manage facilitating a quality interview for a client    sniffle...
makes me want to go look for him and be his friend   EVERYONE GO CHECK iT OUT!!!Jamie foxx does a great job portraying nathaniel a. Ayers.
makes me wonder if the three years were actually worth this agony!! 
Make-up shopping is fun 
makeup shopping w/ mom 
makin a twitter. 
Makin' almond butter, prepping a blog post  AND singing  Now thats a productive day!
Makin bagels ammnd putting icing on the cake. Lmao i love our new insane buddies 
Makin' Chocolate Chip Muffins...  Sometimes I'm so gosh dark domestic it hurts. 
Makin' eggs for the girls... TV isn't working right - we're stuck on &quot;The Baby Story&quot;...  I think I'm fine with 2 - don't need more 
makin food before i leave..  yum! next time i tweet will prolly be from arizona so idk when it will be.. =/
Makin Movs but 2where its a hot night out n I don't mean the Weather!!! 
Makin' ready for the party from my 2th mother hihi 
MAKIN SOME NEW VIDS 
now i know  i learn fast 
now i know im not alone, im super uncool when it comes to the web lingo and so is @Jordanglowboi he he what a great team we make! 
now i know what icons too. tomarrow i will change my youtube channels and my channel on heree. 
now i know what to do. i'll hit the gym later. 
Now I lay me down to sleep &amp; dream of oceans blue &amp; deep... Sleep well, Crew. Pray we all do our best to keep our oceans blue  Peace.
Now i might be getting the 16GB 2nd Gn touch for ï¿½80 
Now I must sleep I hope to wake up to all kinds of entertaining Tweets. I don't worry you guys never let me down.  
now i need to make an additional &quot;tab&quot; style template layout for the plugin, so all this info is better grouped, leaving more space 
Now I really have to go to London. I have two MORE friends there! 
now i see the thunderstorms ...lolll crazy amounts of rain in good ol' london ontario  guess that means no drive in tonight!!!   hmmm.....
Makin the most of the sun before work 2moro! Leith Links it is 
makin TOO many updates...but i cant sleep...got a lot on my mind --&gt;&gt;make peace, joy, &amp; love, one love GOODNIGHT &lt;3 or morning  6am
Making (again) a huge pot of coffee. Who said two dogs are better than one - especially in the rain and mud?? Guess that would be me... 
Making @alidapham 's famous #brokkenpiloot using her very own secret recipe 
Making @celiabb's dried fruit curry for tea tonight YUMMY!!! but misplaced the recipe D: ... Still looking tho, can't wait for it  mmmmmmm
making @laserem work really hard unpacking tonight, so that we can be lazy tomorrow on our last day together for a while. 
making a bbq dinner for rents 
making a blanket with a picture of twinnie and i on  it 
Making A bracelet and necklace. hohohoho i will upload the pict's later after i finish this 
making a cake and salmon croquettes 
Making a cheese crepe! 
Making a coffee  anyone want one ??
making a collage clutch 
Making a custom iNav theme 
Making a delicious dinner with Chef Boyfriend.  
Making a drama scene with @HEYitsCHERIL  So funny  I'm totally the man for our relationship right now
making a fan profile on &quot;love or bread&quot; which casts ariel lin and joe cheng  BRB
making a Jasper video for ally 
Making a list of the things that are important to me 
making a mix tape 
making a monster 
making a moving pic 
Making a mushroom, asparagus, &amp; chicken risotto... here's hoping it tastes ok 
Making a nametag for Computer. 
making a new TWIITER 
making a newspaper staff list for next year 
Making a nice cup of vanilla coffee - mmm 
Making a PB &amp; J Sandwich 
making a pizza and cookies with my buddies 
Making a purple pindotted motorcycle jacket 
making a PVC and Leopard Print trim handbag 
Making a quick smoke run, and possibly getting some tasty snacks. 
move you - Anya Marina (good to hear) 
moved inside, I am wayyyyy too white to sit in the sun too long, literally im reflective haha, loungin on sofa 
Moved my DJ equipment into another room, preparing for some recordings tonight. So much to do, so little time! 
moved to a new desk at work. this new pc has a core2 processor w/windows vista, oolala. also, just got complimented on my weight loss 
Moved to the new workplace, now I have two. ItÂ´s a bit lonely, but IÂ´ll bring my juggling balls to keep me company 
Moved, unpacked for the entire day. I can't think of another weekend which made me this tired. At least I'm at my nice new apartment now. 
Movedthe tv out as well, that went in mom's car to go to a poor polish woman as a donation. Good deed done 
Movers are almost done, one room to go 
Movie #2: Nancy Drew 
Movie &amp; snuggle time with the love of my life 
movie 1 down. onto SATC movie 
Movie awards already got me laughing. 
Movie awards! Whew would you look at robert tonight. 
movie awards!! 
Movie day 
Movie I really want to see...The Hangover  lol
Movie it is...tweet ya later 
Movie Marathon!! currently watching Legally Blondes. 
Movie Marathon..alone lol. Now watching Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay 
Movie Night at @StephhhSicat's 
-movie night at my house. 
Movie Night For One Haha  what to watch cause its my choice LOL
Movie night movie: serendipity. On vhs. 
movie night Saturday  woot!!!
movie night w/ Tim, Jenni, &amp; Chhun. Taken is a good movie 
Movie night was great. Thank you Jesus for such amazing friends. 
movie night with liz = one missed call, a walk to remember, and white chicks. 
movie night with me, myself, &amp; i 
Movie night with my sister  Twilight!!! I can't believe I still haven't seen it! so excited!
Movie night with the family and the boyfriend......  Skipping revision..
NOW I SHOULD sleep. or try to.  night.
now i taking a beauty shower 
Now I want to eat ice cream with cream 
Now I want to reach 400 today!, who wanna help me?  just vote here http://bit.ly/rOCz3 and tell your friends!,
Now I will start working and earning some money.   Bye!
now i would like to emigrate.. has anyone a place to sleep for me?  !!!
Now if I only understood Chinese and/or translation programs were able to translate pictures with text in Chinese 
now ill never leave you alone.. woah!! 
Now I'll study, bye dudes, maybe at night I come again  See ya
Now I'm at a doppppe rock show in the LES .. Moshie moshhhh pit  http://twitpic.com/4wkhi
Now I'm following you Ah Ha! Love your laff 
Now Im going to bed! Im sooooo Tired 
Now I'm going to Gotehmburg with my class!  have a nice weekend and you'll hear from me on monday! bye tweeters!! 
NOW IM GONNA DOWNLOAD THE MOVIE SOUNDTRACK!! TEE HEEHEE! DONT JUDGE ME,LMFAO0O! 
Now I'm gonna start blogging.  No!!   twittering. hehe 
now i'm listening to Feel Good Inc. by the Gorillaz  good song
Now I'm listening to The Climb by Miley Cyrus. And singing it too. 
Making a smoothie before starting my studying 
Making a steak and shrimp feast for my neighbor. He is the dessert, I mean, he is bringing dessert 
Making a summer playlist. Give me some songs. No Rap.  thank you.
Making a trasition from a blue/black/white room to a red/black/white room still in process but moving forward. 
making a twitter 
Making a video for HitRecord... hope it comes out well, it'll be my first record 
making a video! MAYBE i'll put it on youtube 
Making a video. Hope it turns out nice. 
making a videoo. 
Making a Vietnamese wrap... Mmmm... Their sooo good. 
making a website 
Making a websites for college 
Making a Zanessa video and thinking about something to eat 
Making alex get me my 3rd cup of chocolate milk. 
Making alot of purchases now 
Making an 8 year old watch americas next top model marathon at babysitting 
making an Acoustic EP! 
Making Annie's Organic Mac &amp; Cheese for dinner.  Need to make something mindless since I lused up most of my brain cells @ work 2day. 
Making Applesauce Blueberry &amp; Applesauce Raspberry muffins for Ms. Stacey Rosalie Searle 
Making baked bbq chicken! Yyyuuummm.....I think I enjoy the creative aspect of cooking. 
Making banana bread!!  the fam is excited haha
Making banana pudding 
making BGs rite now 
making bishop and ONLY ladies cake 
making bracelets 
making breakfast for my mommy 
making breakfast tomorrow 
Making breakfast with the 1 u love is priceless. Yay for scrambled egg on toast! Now to bath 
making brownie for dessert. yum 
Making brunch 
making butter cookies maybe ill bring em to skl if i dont eat it all first 
making cherry amaretto brownies to take to class tomorrow because I love my friends. 
Making chicken tenders 
Making Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Sauce 
movie night with the girls  - just watched she's the man, currently watching p.s. i love you, watching next: chasing liberty
movie night with the yearbook kidds  i made amazingly delicious brownies.
MOVIE NIGHT!  I really wish this ulcer would just go away...
movie night!! Little black book, then the MTV AWARDS!!! 
Movie night. The b bugg is knocked out for the night. Breakin out a nice glass of wine  http://myloc.me/1Xwp
movie time!!!!  pickin up acam
Movie was awesome!! Better than i expected... And hugh jackman gets naked! 
movie was goood  smokinn ' @ some lounge in fullerton
Movie was pretty good! Now to count some sheep.. Goodnight all! Sweet dreams 
movie with mom&amp;&amp;dad. 
movie with the boy 
Movie with the family for my Daddy's birthday 
movie/cartoon 'UP' 3D, Gorkov Park, ice cream.. and its all with my lovers! 
Movie: terminator Salvation. Not bad. Exciting 
movies  with a bunch'a girls and a big cup of ice.
movies + pictures + mall tommorrow! anyone interested?!?!?! 
movies afternoon!!!! 
movies and playing with my new phone before sleepytime 
Movies and wine all by my lonesome. Sad day for me. Oh well. Kids are in bed so not so bad and wine is involved. 
movies movies movies!!!! i love the movies 
Movies to look forward to for the rest of summer: Harry Potter, 9, and the new Quentin Tarantino movie! 
Movies tonight with JUliOOo!!! Haha 
movies w/ nick tonight 
Movies wiff Jamie today &lt;3 text? 
movies wit my baby and her mammaa! 
movies with bffs bbl  &lt;3
Movies with mommy! 
movies with my momma  
Movies with the fam. 
movies with the faush 
Movies with The Wil! 
movies yay 
MOVIES! 
Movies!!! Munching on some popcorn (yum) 
movies, cherry pepsi, sour cream and onion lays---&gt; little piece of heaven, just minus my shmeric 
movies.shopping. &amp; who knows  
moviesss. 
Moviessss with Taylerrrrr, Elizabethsss, then youth grouppppp! 
Moviessss wl myy better foot , ethan , alex and sabb  ** updatee laterr **
making cookies 
making cookies and watching the braves game 
Making cookies! Anybody want some 
making cute hair clips 
Making decorations for my dorm 
Making Dens with Joebo  Fun timeeeeees! haha..
Making din din! Chicken stir-fry! Mmm Mmm good!  Why are all of my postings about food?
making dinner- here's hoping it works 
Making dinner now... MMMMMM 'Sketti!!  *stalks DoA MP searching for an Ante* Damn I'm obsessed! &gt;.&gt;
Making dinner super early so that I can make it to the beach 
making dvd covers is fun 
Making first official thrasher valleyan website 
making foood and tiredd  last night was funnn.
Making forty five in three hours i'm not complaining 
making french toast for breakfast in the morning. First thing I've cooked since living alone. Here's hoping there will be no fires. 
making friends with everyone 
Making fruit punch and about to resize the partitions on my hard drive. 
Making fun of my sister cus she can't properly take off her nail polish 
making german apple slice  nom nom nom
Making good things come together behind the scenes feels good  I'll share about it one day if it pans out of course 
making headway on those pesky freelance projects at last! Will be launching website in a few days too 
making hemp bracelets. and not studying for finals this week. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOM!  and other moms out there too!
Making homemade ice cream. 
Making honey glazed chicken, myself 
making iced coffee with my loves 
Making Kandii and playing Xbox all week. YEY! I love my boy, too. 
Making Keema with a dear friend. I am crazy about Indian cooking 
Making Lasagna and Garlic Bread  then Back to the Grind.
making latkes! great success 
making lei's &amp;&amp; wrapping presents 
making lots and lots of breast cancer pink ribbon for Toronto ta ta tailgate!  
making mac and cheese I am so hungry then hot tub afterwards 
Now I'm off to KD to improve my SAT scores 
now I'm officially sleep ; f a d e d off of music &amp;nd imagination . wishing my officer a safe night 
now im on my account, and taras out 
Now I'm over at my Grandma's house.  My brother is finishing some yard work for her before he goes to watch trains. I LOVE my Grandma!  
Now I'm preparing to go at the school!to see my friends and my annoy teachers!  it's true
now im really ready to get my day started!!! SHE made my day! 
now I'm recieving death threats. dont you just love family love 
Now I'm starting to feel that summer has finally ended..... what a cloudy afternoon you guys. 
Now I'm taking a shower so be right back 
now im watching &quot;the da vince code&quot; maybe i'll make comments to that on twitter too  if its brutal... i like that kind of brutal stuff lol
Now I'm watching jumanji. This is a good movie. 
Now I'm watching the Recess movie! And reading fanfics. I'm going to be updating my twitter hourly now just because I'm bored. Okay, bye. 
Now in a @trainifique workshop with @MentorGuru, taking place in OSlo  There will be written books about this event!!!
Now in Baroda, had an excellent welcome from CEO and his family. 
Now in brighton! And tomorrow heading to Bath! And on saturday playing in Bristol! 
Now in mac, but the irony is that friends do not have batt w them! No need study! Thank you uh, Vivien! 
Now in the cinema, waiting for Star Trek to start, because I'm a big fat ming-mong. 
Now is Peter Pan time, of course Tinkerbell is seated next to Emma! 
now it is saturday. I am going out with my family. But tommorow (which is sunday) i am sleeping at my lovely friends house YEY!! 
Now its a little bit Oblivion...with guns. Oh...and still crap.  its one of THOSE friday nights I guess...
Now its alll HannahM&amp;JONAS&amp;Sonnywithachance 
Moving all family PCs from GeForce to Radeon r200s and r300s. Yay for free drivers 
Moving apartments is a pain.... Should have realized it before... 
moving back to reno in 12 days  in Carson City, NV http://loopt.us/0_OV7g.t
Moving from Dell to Lenovo Ideapad.. i have some expectations from you my dear Ideapad.. lets see.. 
Moving in a new direction helps you find new cheese! 
Moving in my new place today 
moving into MY house tomorrow 
moving into our house tomorrow 
Moving into our new home! 
Moving later this day. Just have to be at work for a while first 
MOVING MOVING MOVING!!!!  anyone wanna help? Call me! 
moving my creativity for healing e-course to a new site and re-arranging it a bit 
Moving on down the list of thingz I shouldn't be doing 
Moving on from you 
Moving out after many days 
Making maccaroni to go with the chicken 
making mac-in-cheese  yay!!! :]
Making moccasins and having a tye dye partayyyyy! 
Making mom breakfast 
making monkey bread; just got the dough made.  need to wait for the rise. doing laundry and playing playdoh with kids 
making more graphics 
Making more ground on the history side of things. So much happier today than I have been, which is good. It's all starting to make sense 
Making muffins and coffee.  Strong coffee. 
making music 
Making my bags for #sotr09, Tom will pick me up in 20 minutes... I'm looking forward to our road trip 
making my mom a mothers day card 
Making my own distressed shorts is harder then I thought... better then wasting $50 at Urban Outfitters though 
Making my sim 
Making my way to NC 
Making myself a chicken breast and rice for lunch. yum... 
Making myself go to bed. Well, after this last show...can't help it! Night 
making myself ready for a birthday party with mongolian-chinese buffet - sounds really interesting! hopefully it's really tasty, too... 
Making myself some coffee at home... yup FAILED!  hahaha
Making oatmeal for tomorrow. It smells so awesome 
making onion rings 
making pad thai and staying in for the night 
Making pan cakes 
Making Pancakes 
making pancakes for breakfast. Then watching last night's season finale of SVU. 
Making pancakes with michelle, 
Making pancakes, yum yum. Just a thing, I think I've been posting much about foods today. 
making pazookies! 
Making pesto pasta tonight! MMM. 
making physics olympics shirts.. 
Making pizza and Rockin out to beyonce!  our song just came on...
Making plans for tomorrow, want to be included? 
Making plantanos  .. wondering.. why now did my twitt pix change.. hurm.. night world â†?&lt;3â†’*
making popcorn ' then resting - thennnnn getting ready to head to PC a little laterrr  
Making pork stir-fry and brown rice for dinner. 
Moving outta town and moving on in life...Got the Mitchel Musso album  Going to High School in 3 months and a half, so excited 
Moving rooms all day! 
Moving to Banff July 3rd!  oh hell yes!  sooo exciting!
Moving to the #top, #run my ass   http://pikchur.com/aH9
moving to the center of the .. city .. soon 
Moving to the North in my musical likes: from Germany to Sweden and Norway 
Moving tomorrow. Fashion show tomorrow night! Yaaaay! GOD IS GOOD!! Good night L.A! 
Moving towards drawing names from a hat or playing paper, rock, scissors 
Moving up day today  What a wonderful day.
Mowed my lawn and dug a flower bed.  I'm proud of myself   The new place is coming a long nicely.
Mowing the lawn at my new house takes about 10 minutes. 
Mozzac is whining outside the room because i'm inside and refusing to pet him. Spoilt dog  - http://tweet.sg
MPHO - Box N Locks... OMG how funky dunky! deffo goin on my megachooonage list! 
Mr @david)_hay that's kinda good as it means I was not being a complete muppet 
making pudding 
making quizes on facebook  my @ddlovato song is believe in me ! that's totally true
Making RAMENNN.  NomNom
Making raw chocolates all morning for the Superfood party tonight!  Are you coming?   
making ringtones 
Making Roast Chicken with Pancetta and Olives tonight for dinner... yes.. we will grub well 
Making salad with all the house doors open and the blinds up... I love it 
Making Sate for lunch 
Making sausage &amp; peppers for dinner. Mmmmmm! Then watching the Pens game after with my baby &amp; Jess! 
Making snus 
Making some #squarespace ! 
making some bacon candy 
making some beats 
Making some book thongs today. No they're not knickers for books (although that's an interesting idea....) but sparkly beady bookmarks 
Making some chicken alfredo 
Making some coffee 
making some crispy fried chicken with some greens!!! Damn I can make a negro happy 
Making some fresh business cards on my laser cutter...nothing like freshly cut wood 
Making some lunch. Bout to go swimming 
Making some lunch. n Make sure to read my new blog- A loved one, gone 
Making some mac &amp; cheese then taking a nap. 
Making some massive changes in my life today. Good ones.  Happy Monday!
making some nice green chicken curry 
Making some nice, warm, loving porridge!! Omnomnom 
making some Rostbratwurst for lunch   mmmmm  
Making some yummy snickerdoodle cookies 
making someone brownies 
Making spam misubi.  w/ Jessica.
making spinach-noodle kugel (try saying it 20x fast) 
Making Sun-N-Fun badges today. Think I'll add some aviation clip-art to make us look more legit. 
making tacoooosssssss with my homemade salsa 
Making testexams for chemistry. I love this weather. I'm going to set a new record for myself in being tanned. 
making texas sheet cake.. mmmmmm  that's tough to beat.
Now its Dina Dalal, Dukhi Mochi and Ishwar Darji 
Now it's looking more like Apple Blossom. An afternoon in the yard and on the deck, I think!  
Now it's lunch time 
Now it's time for some CSS and XHTML coding.  Yea me!
Now It's time to play Texas Hold'Em poker on facebook come join me? 
Now I've got to try and write a review 
Now Karlsruhe city!!! Shopping  the sun is shining!!! Time to drink something outside!!!!
Now knows that Justin didn't disappear off the face of the earth, I just never got his text apparently. 
Now Lance launches off the ramp  Ride well Texan 
Now let the fun begin?!  
now lets watch @JMulley with the Perdomo Habano Corojo - http://bit.ly/31t0UE  - which I just smoked yesterday 
Now listening to hawk nelson on the way back home 
making the best cupcakes EVER.. and eating them as I go 
Making the best dinner ever.... breakfast 
Making the big move tomorrow.  
Making the boy breakfast in bed 
Making the graduation speech with @sh_Y . It totally rules  And we can win an iPod for some reason 
making the kittens talk in lolspeak.  
Making the most amazing raw juice ever with organic carrots, valencia oranges and ginger root. Yummy 
Making the most of the sun will pop over to mums and sit in the garden. Tomorrow the mayhem will begin catching up on 6 days of emails 
making things happen! 
Making this profile 
making tiramisu'! check it out: it's a delicious and easy to make Italian dessert  http://www.lefateincucina.it/ricettario/tiramisu.php
Making tostadas...n drinkn wine coolers with my mama.     I refuse to go anywhere else til the sun goes dwn its fckn hot.
Making udon noodle soup and sushi for dinner tonight - healthy and yummy 
making up new jingles in my head... sad but true... wonders what coffee can do... makes me creative! 
Making way for new handmade inventory!! Check out the sale section of my shop.  http://tinyurl.com/olpv8f
Making yourself LESS will never make you MORE 
making youtube video of david archulets`s pix 
Making Yummies to send to Mike. Cookie bars, caramel chocolate pretzels &amp; Buckeyes 
makingg Twitter 
MakingPlansWiffGabbs;IReallyFellDeepThisTime. 
Malakoff2K was a blast ! Will write a full report short ;P Just woke up from post marathon sleep 
Malaysia, Qatar and now Shanghai - the weather is not being kind to motorsport. But who cares, I'm off to ride my new bike 
Malediction Society tonight, and Porcelain this Saturday! 
Malkin scores! Pens 1, Red Wings 0 
Mall  with my sisters 
Mall and movies  with maggie and quinn! Text me.
mall in about 45 minutes, till then charging my ipod and listening to the mars volta 
Now listening track per track to music up on the num of unsigned musicians' myspace pages. Pleasured to doing them this &quot;favor.&quot; 
Now live @ my kitchen!  http://post.ly/h8K
now lovin' the manchester sunshine!  x
Now lunch, then cleaning up a bit and later Me and Jonas are going for a swim in the lake. 
Now lv5 on Project Torque 
now makiing videos and taking pictures !  byeeeee&lt;3
now mopping &amp;&amp; vaccing my house.. how fun 
Now MTV is making a series just to assure you that it's okay to be a slut. In fact, if you are slut, you could be on TV too! 
now my shrimp dish is officially finished! will have it tomorrow 4 lunch at Monterey! 
Now off to my stylist. Pampatanggal ng sama ng loob. 
now offering free hugs with any smartass remark 
now offically a part of the choir again this year....learning new songs...so excited 
Now on way back to Wisbeckistan. Bye everyone. Bye @jrstanley. Love you 
now on, gonna have a word of the day  todays word is hmm... apocalypse
Now Online!! 
Now only with Windows 7 
Mr Male, if you're reading, please don't block me. And if you follow me, I will actually do some work in Geog 
Mr Oizo FTW  Smoking sausages atm
Mr Russ! Any chance you can approve the draft write up by wed morning (your time)? Need to email out to set up audience for 18 June 
Mr Snow is finally feeling better and haz stopped being a couch potato  i can finally sort out the JB stuff i've recorded lately!!
mr stoudts for a little bit making fun of kids 
Mr. Doca Rolim no meu orkut....... 
Mr. Hawtner vs Smechxi Rpattz 
mr. kebab sounds good tonight. hmm 
Mr. Oizo â€“ Bobby Can't Dance --- courtesy of @klitoria --- this dope thanks  ||| Hi @THX3  â™« http://blip.fm/~7rn8y
Mr. Oizo â€“ Bobby Can't Dance --- courtesy of @klitoria --- this dope thanks  ||| Hi @THX3  â™« http://blip.fm/~7rnog
MR. TWITTER UNIVERSE  i voted GERARD WAY. hehe. vote him if you wanna. http://bit.ly/PmvRY
Mr.hawaian person is a big flirt. And has gorgeous eyes  &lt;3
Mr.Shawn Carter is back D.O.A is  that shit 
mrning. 
Mrrrooop, Charlotte's here and she's awesome. That is all 
mrs @seani has the TV on  &lt;just&gt; loud enough to prevent concentration, probably time to call it  a night anyway 
Mrs S reason for no spreadsheet is there's only me &amp; her in house to read the books.  Quite feeble an excuse!  
mrs yip said Brokeback Mountain is awesome..
MrSky: &quot;@DavidMunn here's another for your collection of Sci-fi songs  http://blip.fm/~6j50t
MS Marketing.  Time to take a break.  
Now playing : Ultimate Seduction - Ultimate Seduction (CLASSIC) ; #ASOT400 
Now playing Mafia Game in Facebook .. 
Now playing: http://bit.ly/IfVpY  A Perfect song for the mood I am in right now.. Wish He's listening to it! Amen!! 
now read stephs twitter...girl is tripping. 
Now reading Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman . Just got it from Town Library. 
Now ready for a birthday party! And im off 
Now revising poetry, and is so bored. Kind of getting the hand of this twittering, and blogging 
Now ripping #spotify. This might be related to my previous Tweet. 
Now seeking @barackobama. He return to twitt. but, How can he seek more than 700,000 differents twitters? Answer: Yes, we can... 
Now she got it 
now signing in.... 
Now sitting here behind Iti's door with @kikuuu  and waiting for her, while she's cleaning her room 
Now starts the constant listening to No Doubt in preparation for Pittsburgh 
now that @paigeebaby has gone to bed im off too ;) i only stay up till she goes haha night all  xx oh and goodnight @hayl3emarie xx
Now that d LAKER WON time to hit the taco spot 
Now that Film was Loooonnggg! 
Now that I am over my cold/flu I can get back to tasting wine today. 
now that i got my headphones back from the other one, it's time to get on it like a bonnet! 
Now that I have a camera on my phone I wanted to show everyone the love of my life I always talk about   http://twitpic.com/664ot
MALL MADNESS! 
mall soon, possibly get new things 
Mall Soon,with Ernie and Heather 
mall then sushiii; 
mall tomorrow  who wants to meet us at fashion valley ?
malling.hmm i think i'll cut my hair shorter. off to salon later.  good afternoon.
Malpensa airport... Back to ldn in a couple hours 
Mamaged to pick up gwars of war in game for a fiver! 
mama's pho never tasted soo good. 
Mamataji at her best........http://bit.ly/KAdmL .... i like her for this 
Mamma Mia movie soundtrack  i LOVE it 
Mammers got a quesadilla maker! We are watching True Blood tonight 
Man - I wish Krystal was here so a can be working on homework together! 
man a day off of work my fav brown blanket and movies all day! what a time 
Ms Twitterworld Wall  http://ow.ly/at2X @Beverleyknight is in the comp  pls vote for her. Is there room for a pigeon on there LOL 
MS walk with trangy and her sorority sisters 
ms wee's wedding!!!! 
MsDiamondJ#Follow Friday!! @MissPurdiee , @missfree,, @NIYANA, @necolebitchie, @MissKeriBaby , @4everBrandy, @teemwilliams, @YoungRo 
Msh kebayang jingle iklan kmrn.. Sori guys my english pronounciation ancur... Let's see the result nanti yaaa... Good morning tweeple 
MSN add anyone! just ask  x x x
msstaceyk  I think so - I've seen several other messages. Guess I'll wash clothes 
MSTR made me setup a 32-bit env which I could only use for hadoop install 
MT'd Ulduar tonight, it was very very fun! Got Flame Leviathan, Razorscale and XT down. We'll probably try for more next week. 
MTSU downed the Dores 5-4 
MTU Series 2000 common rail marine diesel engine tear-down class   
MTV  awards were amazing 
MTV AWARDS = Andy Samburg is LOL   i love him   
mtv awards SUCKED! i mean mtv come on u could have done way better only thing i love was kingofleon and taylor lautner 
mtv awards tommorow  zanessa like bettah win or i'll SUE THE TWILIGHT CAST 
MTV awards were awesome! Just watched E! News, now watching the Daily 10 
MTV AWARDS WIFF MY @euphobiaemily &amp;&amp; @CiaraAislynn tomorrow!! BOOO-YAHH! 
Mtv awards&lt;3. andy samberg is trulyyy amazinggggg. 
MTV awards..ohhh hella dankk y'all ! 
mtv made nerds are growing up amazing 
MTV movie awards  haha kristen Stewart how embarrasing
Mtv movie awards  hey 
mtv movie awards !! gonna show june 3 7pm here 
MTV MOVIE AWARDS ,,, 
MTV Movie Awards @ 8:00. Taylor Swifts Dateline Special on NBC @ 6:00. WATCH BOTH! 
Now that I think about it, they shoulda played &quot;Woah Oh!&quot; by FTSK. 
Now that I think of it, @lmkenny I guess #redeye *is* just another FNC show: http://bit.ly/NgCrL  Mikie likey! 
Now that I want my phone to update, it won't ask me. Sheesh..anyways...I love @souljaboytellem.  Everyone have a lovely day. Lmao.
Now that I'm contented, I bid you all good night!  x
now THAT is pretty cute.  haha
Now that Ive already lost a bet to @sieving on how much Ive been tweeting per day, I can go nuts. Ready to hear my lunch every day matt? 
Now that the house cleaning is done.  Time to shower, get dressed and eat.  I'm starving 
Now that the shock of being pelted by cards while deeply asleep has worn off, I'm ready to hang out with my little loves and celebrate. 
Now that thunder has let up, I think I am going to try to get to sleep, even if it is so early.  
Now that v0.86 has been released I can concentrate on creating a new and improved Showcase view 
now that was a great voice call!!!! 
Now that was great! 
Now that you are here I don't have to miss you anymore 
now thats enough tweetingg about my hols for a week, so i am off to catchup on missed tv. later guys  xxoo â™¥
now the day is gone and my tea is on, time to read angels and demons almost finished and I quite enjoy it! 
now the guy is in handcuffs...drunk driving maybe? nice lexus  police searching the car...dude kneeling on the sidewalk in handcuffs.
now there are more people following me then I am of following people. 
Now they're giving each other a good kicking   http://twitpic.com/6qhhs
now thick as theives is playing 
now thinkin wat to publish on my site .. !! hmm ...   any ideas so plz recommend ...
Now THIS is the kind of thunderstorm that summer is made of! 
Now time fo bed, Its 5 AM Already.. take care everybody. ALLAH HAFIZ ! GOOD NIGHT ! 
now time for ice cream 
now time for mouse to mouse pad for a long long night ahead!  this is how you know you love it!
Now time for my breakfast. 
now time for some serious....facebooking  heheheh
Now to put my daughter to bed ready to start our week 
Now to switch to some funk with one of the masters himself, Barry White.  ? http://blip.fm/~79fqn
Now to try and get some sleep 
now to wait and see if it gets posted.. says it has to be reviewed first 
Now trying out the new iPlayer Desktop. The BBC seem to have got this iPlayer thing pretty spot on. Now please, a version for my PS3 
Now Tweet via Berry 
Now tweeting from my new iPhone wheeee 
now twittering 
Now two years since I moved to Melbourne... Celebrating by standing in the freezing cold watching Gene get better at playing soccer. 
Now typing from Bumthang in Central Bhutan. This is known as the Switzerland of Bhutan.  I've not been to Switzerland, so I can't comment 
now up my grandparents  hope everyone's ok x
Now using #xna 3.1 some nice features there 
MTV MOVIE AWARDS 2009! 9PM. [be there]   {new moon!!!}
MTV Movie Awards 9pm EST!!! Sooo excited!! 
mtv movie awards all nite &amp; denny's take-out 
mtv movie awards and hills tonight!!!   best things to do after a night like last night muhaha
MTV movie awards and Stanley cup 
MTV Movie Awards in 20. New Moon trailer please 
mtv movie awards mtv movie awards mtv movie awards  one day
MTV movie awards on soon 
MTV Movie Awards- Red Carpet! 
Mtv movie awards soon  cast of twilight there love rob patterison hot haha and go mark wahlberg come one please win  ha
mtv movie awards then bed 
MTV Movie Awards time!   
MTV Movie Awards today 
mtv movie awards today &lt;3, vote for mileeey &lt;3 Iï¿½m so excited 
MTV MOVIE AWARDS TODAY REALLY EXCITED!!!! 
mtv movie awards tomorrow  i really have a feeling james franco is going to win &lt;3
MTV movie awards tonight  3am must wake up to watch it live 
MTV movie awards tonight!  can't wait!!!
mtv movie awards tonight!!! 
mtv movie awards tonight!!!! so excited. cant wait to see the new moon trailer 
MTV Movie Awards tonight. Haha so glad tomorrow's no school otherwise I'd have to pretend to sleep 
MTV movie awards voting click here.. http://www.mtv.com/ontv/movieawards/2009/categories.jhtml and vote for robert pattinson!! 
MTV MOVIE AWARDS WAS AMAZING 
MTV Movie Awards were amazing! .. Andy Samberg is a genius! So funny! 
MTV Movie Awards were good.....fixing to leave and go out of town 
mtv movie awards! today  @mileycyrus i don't want vote in you x)
MTV MOVIE AWARDS. 
MTV Movie Awards. I hope Rob wins. I don't really care if Twilight wins Best Movie or not... just that Rob wins. 
mtv movie awards. I might be therre 
MTV Movieee Awards? I think so! 
MTV movies awards! 
MTV party 
MTV video awards 
MTV's showing the reason why we met. Hahahaha. Special thanks to @miasanshow. Hey twin. 
muaahahaha, thanks for the album lorraine! :3 miss you kathleena  &amp; ur names awesome hows my name? :F
Muahahah! I know something you don't know! 
Much Better  LVATT ohhhh yea!
Much better, Susan Boyle! She still can't quite keep her tempo, but it was a great performance anyway! 
man fuck both of y'all with an aged dick  thank you weezy ha
man how i wish i had the answers to everything in life. id be a hell of a lot better off 
Man I almost tweeted a mental break down!! Lol thank god I have fam and friends that always seem to know what to say @ the perfect time 
Man I am bored on blogtv hit me 
Man I can't wait for mom to get home, so I can play A.C until I fall asleep! 
Man i have not seen 1:30 a.m on a clock in quite sometime, hellz yeah 
MAN i have the raddest grandpa! 
Man I look good right now 
Now waiting for train. Going bishan.  meeting Ahmei at Marsiling.  - http://tweet.sg
Now wants to make a maltav coctail with everclear 
now watching &quot;Hannah Montana&quot; .. PHT 
now watching @aplusk and @iamdiddy on @kingsthings. Twitter mania continues 
Now watching Arrested Development = love 
Now watching Hot Shot! Wu Zun or Chun or whatev is cute. 
now watching KARA's mini concert at allkpop.com. 
Now watching Moulin Rouge with Mary Afton 
now watching Sonny with a chance 
now we are also on twitter  follow us to know the latest!
Now we have to go get bread cause aunt forgot to order. 
Now we're at Cleo for a mani and pedi!  I chose &quot;It's A Cinch&quot;! Sooo Barbie-ish and summery  Perfect! Whats your favorite Essie color?
now where r u stay? i only want 2 know the name of country.ufff i'm hungry b cuz of u!hey, lets share food 2gether 
now with rehearsal every sunday too!but before that gonna see my sister in kota damansara 1st! 
Now working on weds BAO. In addition to sat-tues.  ????
Now working together on the Style Guide!  It's great stuff 
now yes, i gotta go! see ya tomorrow people  nighty ~p
Now you have the face to my name 
Now you know I'm gonna tweet a good word when I hear it. My tweets in church are for a good cause... Don't judge me, God knows my heart 
now you're there 
Now, a couple of hours of sleep before Roger makes history 
now, bridget jones' 2... this is such a happy night  thanks tbs, tnt, fx
now, heading other party 
NOW, I can sleep.(thnx to HKm)...Zzzz 
Now, I only hope I didn't accidentally delete any of my actual friends/buddies! You all know who you are.  &lt;3
Now, I'm going... Goodbye Twitterers 
Now, I'm listening to Paramore's &quot;Misery Business&quot;!!!!!! What a classic hit!! 
Now, i'm on.  What's up? 
Now, its time for some post show Monsters at work. And I feel fine.  even with this headache.
Now, let's have lunch... 
Now, off to read, then bed.  Tomorrow: writing, writing, and more writing.  Pink Raygun has two articles coming from me!  
Now, sweet husband, would be a very appropriate time to send me a tweet. u-no? for moral support  a sign of love a virtual high five 
Now. Logging in to my PLURK. And at the same time, TWEETING! 
Now... I have to draw... ï¿½_ï¿½... 
NOW......I goes to bed  g'night y'all XxX
Now..Goodbye for now!!! 
now; harry potter 6 and ice cream 
nowellowell @BeerConnoisseur Twitter can be your constant companion! Always there to listen when you need it 
NOWWW @kareenrocks I WANTT A REUNION NOWW 
NP @voiceoverartist Just glad to be of service! Hope it works out well for you 
NP! ;) Have something special to do today? Work.. or something better? 
NP, thanks for being one of the first to get it  @ABDesignsinc
NP: How You Love Me Now - Hey Monday - cool! I LOOOVE IT! 
Nquil is my friend  I'm soo sick of being sick...ok I'm done with this now
NR and LB WEDDING TODAY    and what a lovely day for a wedding 
NSFW: pussy flash :  http://tinyurl.com/krpwqg
Man i love butter chicken 
Man I love the SEC!! .....Even the bastard step-child LSU at times! 
Man I love watching platinum weddings.....every girls dream 
Man I need to get a hang of this! 
man i slept so well...i feel so refreshed 
Man i sure do love religious and political debates at 4 am 
Man i want some swedish fish! Im gunna go get some! 
Man I would kill for a banana right about now  to much sweet break snacks #atlassiansummit
Man if verizon picks up the iphone it's ON like donkey kong. 
Man i'm gunna throw up so many times 
Nu med #jquery sweetness: www.unoeuro.com 
Nudge yourself beans  I love you!
Nueva jork Chankees ! , and rush hr 2 on previous channel 
Nuevo post: Ser o venderâ€¦ thatÂ´s the question  http://www.joanjimenez.com/new/
nuh uh, no whore from the hw who cant read for shit is jabbing me with needles... unless its monroe  &amp; labret. shes so nice  
nuh uhh im still awake. yepp xp tonight wass soo good. 
nuhh uhh! she liesss! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaa, sara's ugly.  justkidding. i &lt;3 u.
Number 1 - tinchy stryder ft n dubz 
Number of things accomplished from my to do list:nothing, but I am off to the grocery store right now 
NUMBER ONE PLEASEEEEEEE ! 
number thirty.  lmao.
Nummie  (this is my dinner for real, dessert &amp; a pick me up) Chinchin!! http://twitpic.com/6tb9r
nursing a toothache. Hurts like a bitch. I need 2 some donut loving. 
nutella on toast is just amazingly fit   the best breckfast ever!!!!!!!!!!
Nuthin like wine n my jojo to cure a bought of saltiness! 
Man I'm so happy today, going to see 2 friends that I've missed so much. Listening to good music always helps! 
Man I'm tired! And my back hurts. I'm gonna go relax and chillll out. 
Nuts. Out of battery. You had all better be very very interesting for when I get some more!  (re: recasting)
NV raw diet questions - YorkieTalk.com Forums - Yorkshire Terrier ...: Hi  I am in the process of getting bot.. http://bit.ly/wbp7w
Nvm the earphones...i watched wizards of waverly place online..lol, i felt like watching it; thanks to the internet 
nvm, done it now, happy days 
Nvm, guess that's something you can do over the phone now... watching Secret Window with my siser.  woohoo Johnny Depp!
Nvm, shes back and ready to win 
nvr could sleep on nites like this 
nw i knw what ill eat 4 lunch bt certainly ill control my shopping urge...and hpefully start working on some acc's designs later...ttyl 
Man it's hot outside. Time for L to eat and nap. Might nap with him 
Man my food is getting cold this episode of mtb4 need to hurry up ok its on gotta go later guys 
Man of Steel.    #musicmonday â™« http://blip.fm/~7gbal
MAN OF THE MATCH 
Man oh man, it's a gorgeous morning!  Good  roller coaster weather...I really need 2  get 2 a large amusement park...SOON! 
Man pulls cop over for speeding - this is Great  - http://bit.ly/q2dxK
man saturday night tv is boring, gonna go read. 
Man scavenger hunts are amazing, and I adore them. As I do pirates. 
Much less hot today... Much good 
Much Love to Sasha &amp; Trish. 
much more is is done by trusting and knowing a smile. 
Much more optimistic about Showcase, it's coming along quite nicely  Next up - I have to figure out how it'll display wide tv thumbs! Eek
much preferred the Tuscan bean 
Much to do today; after coffee of course...  
much to do! 
Much wouldve rather gone home w her. Fun fuckin night though 
Mucho successful IKEA trip. Bed, dresser, desk, light, DVD rack thing. Oh and a French press. Things are progressing. 
mucho tiredisimo. downloaded the confessions of a shopaholic soundtrack earlier... well worth it! 
Muchos thanks @melattree and @husbandsanon for the #followfriday love. Right back atcha, you guys both rock my stream 
Mugs for gal legal professionals inc attorneys, legal secretaries and lit techs http://is.gd/PhV0  (Not sure about &quot;Chicks Dig Attorneys&quot; 
Mugs is up at midnite til 2am est to keep the party going  Yay! Yay! Yay! keep on dancing!
Muh cool homie @TerryCoughlin should come down to The HiFi Thurs May 14th and watch me rock out cuz he's a nice guy like that 
Muh Cousin Is Here 
Multiply  Twitter is...okay I guess.
Multiply, Facebook and Friendster 
multiply-ing.. 
multitasking fails  &quot;young people can do 5.3 things at one time. Adults only 1.7&quot;
Multitouch Barcelona - Hi, a real human interface. http://is.gd/Cmta  Think Microsoft Surface meets a guy in a box 
mum + I bargained on fish + chips and chocolate tonight plus rent a movie AND she'll give me money for movies tomorrow.+ maybe piercings 
Mum and Dad is comming home from Totnes today 
Mum and I saved a slowworm; seconds later a truck went over the area he was sunbathing on  #fb http://yfrog.com/15szsj
MAN that 3+ hour workshop was killer!!! loved it.  now time for the marvelous sleepoverrr~~
Man that was a good workout  i feel good
Man that's a loud aircon unit! At least it's cool 
man the Coyotes killed the Canucks 6-1 when they came to AZ... they cant handle the heat!!! 
man this is a nice/expensive hotel  wazzup yall?
man u know things get very interesting sometimes lolll....im just 2 damn good 
Man U supporters fight with IPL followers in Shankar Bhavan common room. Everybody thrown out. Warden comes 
man UP was awesome you guys should go see it  my friend started crying haha !
man vs wild (feat. wil farel) was pretty good. stoked for land of the lost now 
Man vs wild. Watch it. NOW 
Man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains - Jean Jacques Rousseau (meaning we were born free, yet still chained by laws) 
mum came with my breakfast! 
Mum gave me Mcdo gift certificates. Yeyeh happy eating to me. 
Mum is cleaning my room for me, aha thankyou mum 
mum is driving me and the Eric out to jt for the night. 
Mum is making me pumpkin pie 
Mum Just Booked To See Saturdays &amp; I Cant To See Them  &amp; Its All Thanks To My Mum For Booking xoxo
Mum just bought me a guess bag for my birthday  woop woop.
mum just started singing taylor swift randomly. wow, i must be rubbing off on her 
Mum kiss you 
Mum making me food, Yay for mum. lunch tomorrow 
Mum nearly caught me not revising..quickly switched from TJ to bbc bitesize so she didn't see 
mum said she's gonna make me a vegetarian feast one night  i'm excited haha
mum woke me up at 10 to say were going to shops i had 5 minutes to get ready so i had my breakfast at a shoping center 
mumbai crushed..........bangalore won..........go RCB  the underdog will win 
Mumbai's calling! Isn't it!  Hilarious!!!
mummy found it for me 
Mummy got me a Cardigan today ;D thank you mummy 
Mummy has gone out to buy food  thank you mummy 
Mummy is home sick with poison?? more cuddles for Roofus. 
Mummy's here! Yay for nice weather 
mums all chuffed cos she got new earphones for her mp3. lol my wee mum and stepdad are so funny  its good when mums in a good mood haha !
Mums Back! 
mum's bday  
mum's day - ended up being happy  not that it's my day or anything....
mum's going back to her roots &amp; making dumplings for tea. i am a lucky girl 
Mum's not working today. Auntie came. Goeun's not going to day care. Busy home. 
Mum's off to bed... Nip/tuck time noow 
mum's phone is complete : screen protector &amp; silicon casing. all safe and set!  oh mine too. but I need to send my phone for service.woosh
munchin' on pizza, ryan gets here soon  after drama i just slept for like 2 hours haha.
Munchin with the parents 
munching a cold snicker's bar.... couldn't be happier 
munching on m&amp;ms! pretty little colourful m&amp;ms! yum! 
munching on some cereals..mmm..im such a cute pig. xD btw,im growing a snout..cool right??! 
Munchkin has the beginnings of what I had last week, poor baby.  Goodnews tho, she didn't miss school and the boys seem fine 
mundane chronicle of my existence...    tc
mupps looking good 
murray says: alright *pause* bugger. LOL 
mursya@, cheers 
Muse is coming to the Echo arena!! Very excited â€“ they are amazing live 
Man! I am seriously delinquent on my twitter-time lately! What's the matter with me! I guess its the shortage of @DavidArchie tweets! 
man! i love me some sourdough bread 
Man! I was in the shittiest (I know that's not a word) mood until &quot;aint I&quot; came on the radio.  that's young LA
Man! StarBucks was a Mission! Ugh! But it was Worth it! Mmm Soo Good! 
Man, do girls go crazy for men in lederhosen. Mosaic was fun and would definitely do it again next year. 
man, do i enjoy good quality football: go barï¿½a! 
Man, fuck the haterz! I'm just misunderstood 
Man, go away for a few and I have lots of tweets.  I love my tweeple
man, I am so relieved I got those tickets x3! Now for another fun day of sewing with Jen ~ hopefully first set of AX costumes done today 
Man, I am so tired.  Forgot how exhausting baseball season is.  On the plus side, by blood pressure is down a bit this morning.  
Man, I do love air conditioning 
Man, I had a great day today. Got all my workouts done in the morning and laid by the pool for the rest of the day. I was livin the life 
man, I hate algebra. Ok back to homework but I wanna do something else. 
Muse website: http://www.muse.mu/index.php  
Muse will come to Cologne, 16.11! *wants to go there* Today I will go to Germany in the afternoon to shop. 
Museum of Contemporary Art is awesome. I love living in Chicago. 
Mushroom bruschetta, miso salmon and carrot cake all at cheesecake factory, I swear I'm not fat but I can eat like this cuz its my day 
Music   nothing relaxes me more when I can't sleep. I guess I find banging drums &amp; roaring electric guitars!!!
Music + School + Raging = Welcome to my life...  Good morning!!
Music Fair at The Session August 15th  Be there! 2-8pm.. Fun In The Sun! (hopefully)
Music for tomorrow is off the chain! Starting in 24 hours and 34 minutes 
music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to imagination, and life to everithing - plato     
music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy 
music is good 
Music is my boyfriend  ? http://blip.fm/~7d1dc
Music is playing somewhere from the courtyard 
Music is the answer to all problems, closely followed by alcohol  #heavenandhell album v. good indeed!
Music is the greatest thing in the world.. i lovvee it! 
Music live todayyyy  very excited to see general fiasco and saving aimee!!!
music makes me absurdly happy 
MUSIC or Boyfriend hmm ILL TAKE MUSIC for 200 ALEX 
music presentation tomorrow... And we are going to play MY song!! Kind of nervous now... 
music songs singing playing running writing practicing rocking shredding chatting strumming snapping eating crushing sleeping...again 
music time 
music vid coming together nicely I hope 
Music, iced passion tea, gorgeous weather- this feels like heaven 
music... fireflight 
music/guitar keeps me sane!!! Goodmorning 
music+candy+new MCR T-shirt= very, very happy mood  About to have a Tim Burton movie marathon! Starting with Ed Scissorhands then sweeney!
Musica has a DVD sale to die for, ill show you what I'm talking bout tomorrow. I'm watching Heroes season 3 for the rest of the day. 
Man, I love how easy http://www.twiffid.com has made it to spam you all about it 
man, i need some stress to work good  i can see the difference now the deadline is coming 
man, i need some stress to work good  i can see the difference now the deadline is comming 
Man, I really miss ska music sometimes. Instant happy times and good memories 
man, i thought i was broke, but i'm not. where'd all the extra money come from?! 
Man, I wanna hang out with guys allll the time. They are ridiculously funny just...being friends..with each other...Ahh 
Man, I would love to go to the Concert for Worldwide Peace at Madison Square in Sept. Maybe I'll have enough $ by then to do it. 
Man, I'm chronically sleep deprived. 
Man, Im happy that I saw that 15secs of New Moon I feel  now!
Man, I'm really excited to get to work on free realms.  This game isn't too fun to play, but it looks amazing.  And that is my job 
Man, it's 95 degrees outside! Think I'll be out by the pool for most of the rest of the day  Change my complexion JUST a bit...
NYAH! Didn't cut her hair. I was having second thoughts. How about side bangs? would that look good to me? 
NYC personal Sugar  (Financial District) 22yr: Im going to be IN NYC this week and was seeing if t.. http://tinyurl.com/q95l5q
NYC personal Sweet LATINA searching for the right dude  - w4m (Greenwich Village) 21yr: You come t.. http://tinyurl.com/ozcddw
NYC was amazing! just as i expected it would be!  would have loved to stay longer! so glad i got to see my whole family today! 
nyC wEather this wEek.. 
NYC: Let's match yesterday's weather complaints with praise for this beautiful day!  You know the sun, still shines... 
nyproperty4sale @JaxLicurse LOL u 2 make me laugh and thats a good thing 
NYT: &quot;Are couples in sexless marriages less happy than couples having sex? Generally, yes.&quot; Shocker   http://bit.ly/ZqNPY
NZ - world's most peaceful nation http://tinyurl.com/qwkqoc or world's most boring? 
O @rehes it's Friday, and that was a Debbie Downer tweet. I'm sorry.  
O Btw. I recieved my camera.. And it's doing GREAT! I just love it now 
O Danny fazendo &quot;smack&quot;  *-* Eu ri com isso no show 
Man, Tacoma PD has been getting some mighty cute cops, lately. 
Man, the Old POrt looked crowded, judging by all your pics. 
Man, this big pimpin is really knockin in the club right now...thts a real song, when it has timelessness 
man, those answering machine messages just made me upgrade to spotify premium. On the upside I now have 2 invites 
Man, what a day... Church and Star Trek (original series and Voyager)... I'm being spoiled. 
Man,all music is folk music. You ain,t never heard no horse sing a song ,have you? Louis Armstrong  I love this  
man,i have been missin out.naps are LOVELY!! i should atke more 
man. I have to go to work today. At least I'll have a story to tell! 
Man. I should definitely get the Wife of the Year award. Hint hint @eddywashere 
man.. i already miss the blocks of cheese and the bottles of wine...and steak too 
Man... @littleradge and @bigxminh are freaking adorable. 
man... awesome day... now I'll try to stay off the antsmarching message boards, my fellow dmb lovers don't like people singing dave. 
Man... JB concert this Saturday 
man...twitter is so addictive  even better than facebook and bebo combined
Man...you cook some Bubba Burgers over the weekend and suddenly you are persona non grata on your own website! 
man..I wish I Had a car like bumble bee 
man.my mum bought me a &quot;robert pattinson special magazine&quot;...kind of..embarrassing... 
Managed a good run tonight without breaking anything. No speed records and no bones broken 
managed my way through the drupal heartbeat module yesterday 
managed to clean out all the viruses and spyware in Jennifer's system... cool! 
Managed to cook dinner perfectly for ren 
managed to delete iexplorer off my comp  only way to get on here is to click my e-mails. GOOD ONE.
Managed to get a look at one of the houses I found on line, not much to see, a concrete base and a pallet of bricks, nice bricks 
Managed to get burnt today, even with sunscreen on. Good day though 
managed to get out alive and happy, also manage to get a friend 
Managed to get through 3 exams in 3 days. Just one more to go 
Managed to kick the writer's block and stress of school!  I MAKE A COMIC EVERYDAY, JEEZ.
Managed to lose my phone in Edinburgh! Need to find it...Give me a shout on MSN or AIM if you find it plz 
managed to make the deadline! 
managed to upload a facon to his website   http://bit.ly/rZtEz
man-boy brings home poster of Edward Cullen; tells me I can't hang it in bedroom. I say &quot;yes I am&quot; - now I have no need to close my eyes. 
Manchester Apollo wasn't enough. I'm going to Hammersmith Apollo as well 
manchester tomorrow 
mancy manchester and the horrors tonight 
Mandarins rehearsal went pretty well today, I'm almost caught up. Just need to learn the last part of the opener. 
Mandatory BBQ today due to nice weather 
mandatory day off school for me. 12 days away from freedom ! 
Manders just told B, &quot;If you want more kids, you better be quiet.&quot;  hahaha
mando diao LIVE @rock am ring 09 so toll und der sÃ¤nger ist heiÃŸ 
MANDY + Matthew Dear rocking it @ Avalon, danceFlo packed, line is Huge Thanks God for the List 
mandy k show tonight 
Mane i feel feminine today, jammin to @MileyCyrus ' The Climb Hehe  love it though
mane' i need some lip balm and a piece of gum. @NefuDaDon well goodmorning love. 
Mane... Watta f'cking party... Feels good tho. Oh yea. Good morning ppls 
MANface Ramos you're a 33 year old BUM hitting up 20 year old girls on MySpace.com, so shut those dentures up. 
mango cheesecake .. yumm . 
mango mojitos and a fabulous Happy Hour date with my lady 
mangoes! so yummy!!! 
Mani and Pedi with with bestie! Then preparing for the pool party 
Mani pedi, prayer at the beach, some good girl time on my day off! Sweeeeet! I love today and its not even over! 
Mani/Pedi today &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; getting my cartilage pierced! 
Mani/pedi's with Feather 
Manic rain on motorway! Think it scared my boyf half to death while driving! 
Maning the bake sale table for china summer missions at choich. Send us to china!! 
mann shawty did sum'n 2 me that no1 has did in a loooong time....make me smile!  thanx for startin my day off w/ a little 'sunshine' lo
mann, gotta do homework and study! at least tomorrow is friday 
Manny Pacquiao is just that good! 
manohara is back, be careful, don't let the sick man makes u uncomfortable anymore 
Manohara is in Prambors fm 98.4 fm,on &quot;drakula&quot; parody shows on air,so stay tunes guys 
manohara odelia pinot is officially free. i'm happy for her 
Manohara so beauty like..someone  i mean me xD
manual control is the killer!  who didn't know?
Many MANY generations of LAMBDAS !!  so prouddd they're my familyyyy http://mypict.me/28mM
Many meetings today. So far, so good. No lunch yet tho. Soon! 
Many other things to do instead. Be adaptable, that's the ticket 
Many people in stillness, in the square 1 day  @IvanCampuzano it's a small town outside of Prague, CZ, Cesky Budejovice Awesome place.
Many students finished the Leaving Cert this week, congrats  How have the exams gone so far for everyone?
Many thanks to @CattyG @poptopvw for noting little old me on this happy #followfriday. Very flattered 
Many thanks to Henry the best employee Louisville airport has. 
many thanks to mary moon, higad prod, red ninja, and special shout out to the NNC boys! another fist-pumping weekend for music! 
Mapped and my muscles are no longer tense  sleep is good
Mappy is here  LOL
Maps are printed out. Soon, time to pick up my girlfriend for her to visit Bel Air. 
Mapumental is, well, a work of genius: http://bit.ly/103qa9 (via @tom_watson) - especially the name, which I came up with 
mara just got home. k bye 
Marathon of Spongebob. How did I get so lucky?? 
maraton Dezastre in aer pe National Geographic 
Marc Abraham from @thepetnet will be talking about choosing a new pet on the Jolly Life Stage @theultimatepetshow any moment now... 
marc cohn at midnight: [After all of the ears and the changes/Now there's something that's taken ahold/ She's becoming gold] can't sleep. 
marching in the rose parade tomorrow!!! excited 
margarita monday at acaulco with william! our new place is wonderful. this is a perfect day 
Margaritas and a movie 
margate beach and the hangover were good as hell. still phoneless. last full day tomorrow. 
mari&amp;chris saw karen at my grandmas on thurs.&amp;karen didnt say hi or nothing, UGH kids these days LOL. no respect at all, no respect, WORD 
Maria and Beyonce are the HOTTEST divas of all time... 
maria mena makes fantastic music 
o hai twitterers, long time no see 
O hai twitters! I've been here all morning pimping my iTouch ...in other news, today is crappy summer pool tiemz for me! 
O how we heart u - @identifykings @milajane @jemasbury @bkbuilt32 - http://twitpic.com/5czk0 &amp; http://twitpic.com/5czpi. @modelphenom too 
O i wish i was a punk rocker with flowers in my hair...in 77 and 69 revolution was in the air (8) 
O Im off 2day  tweetly diddle dooo!!!
O it's beautiful out-it's storming!  i love it
o jes watching F-1, i think j.button wins 
o my gosh the sun rise is absolutely insane! Proof that He displays bits of His glory through His creation!!! 
o saptamana excelenta! in weekend, Vicky Cristina Barcelona, cel mai frumos lucru a fost Penolope Cruz + Scarlet Johansson ..Bang! Bang! 
o shoot...isn't it @SoSoulfulShellz 's bday... 
O tru....aight naa @beauty_c ima try it....i hope it wrk cuz i dnt wanna be missin out on a lot of soda u feel me. 
o yay! i found out wat kogi is! hehehe finally... 
o yeaa the sun is so nice and hot  jus been jammin on the sun chais LOOL .
o yeah how bout them lakers   kobe is just toooo good
o you people not realize i feel so dignified when you talk about me? your obsession with me is evident. thanks for the tweet 
o,h, god is enough for me. 
Maria Shriver is following me! OMG, what do I say? Thanks?! Here's how to get Cali out of the hole? Ok, here's how. Legalize EVERYTHING. 
MariaaJoanaayes, probably ahah. good studies baby  i really am closed up in my room PRETENDING to study ha ! - to @MariaaIness
Mariachi'nin yeni kampanyasi ve beraber gelistirdigimiz Facebook Uygulamasi (Shut The House) Hurriyet'e haber olmus: http://tr.im/msthhh 
mariah got 3rd in the 100 and 5th in the long jump!! woooo muh-rye-uhh!! 
mariahs new song 2 day 
Mariana's Trench concert June 16th ! 
Marianne Keith and her tour manager Mel were so nice to meet tonight 
Maribel Made is now based in Seattle! 
Marie Digby - Feel â™« http://twt.fm/159762 #musicmonday I looove it. 
Marie Doherty NYC rocks! 
Marikos Masterwords of the last days: &quot;Jonadaan&quot; and &quot;Moffaa&quot; 
Marilyn Manson's new album - The High Side Of Low - is surprisingly good 
Marilyn Manson's new album is great! Eminem's new album is pretty good too. Tori Amos' new album is also awesome  3 favs in the same month
marine and SAT prep exams today! ahhh 
Mario Kart and Smash Bros with brandon. i never laughed so hard at video games. &quot;EAT SHIT PEACH.&quot; 
Mario world with kai and megan! 
Marion is a good girl. She never ate her chocolates yet.  Haha 
Mark is on twitter 
Mark Lee - Hope ya all having a good afternoon....ginge on the way after 4pm with the request fest. 697 611 0638 to request your song 
Mark likes the new ZDNet header, and suggests you all go check it out, its very 2009   http://www.zdnet.co.uk/
Mark Martin just won at Phoenix !!!     A great win for a great #NASCAR  competitor!
Mark Ronson is on Twitter @iamMarkRonson... u should follow him!!! btw, wish me happy birthday, Mark!! 
Mark Twain Motivational Poster - a nice twist to a common theme  - http://is.gd/MqNW
Mark you calendars!! &quot;Love In, Laugh In&quot; (A 1960's Inspired Theme Party), Saturday, June 20th  Get your Costumes Ready!!
o.o mom and I are hearing an animal in our storage porch.   no way, no who am I seeing what's in there.  that's the man's job  hahah
o.O! I have 333 Followers!  I normally don't brag about lame things like that but I like the number 333, It's half of 666. THANKS YA'LL!
O_o.....once again, I'm sick.....I need to start hitting that orange juice man  I need vitamin c
O2 PAYG DATA: It stated the data limit was 200MB, but I'm at 320MB and not been charged anything extra 
Oade's with Pat tonight. Zoo tomorrow then babysitting.  I love seeing old friends, I miss the way things used to be, life was easy.
Oakie I'm out. Night, twitter 
oan holiday next week, yeh! 
Oasis at Heaton Park was unbelievably good, being one of first 1,500 to make it into the golden circle was brilliant! 
Oasis in Edinburgh tomorrow    x x x
Oasis video on MTV2. It's the little things 
OASIS,KASABIAN AND THE ENEMY TOODDAAYY!!! 
Mark your ownership with an Art Deco Bookplate  Just listed, http://bit.ly/UpwIR
Marked by HOPE anyone? Come getchya T-shirt!  Radiantchurch.tv
Market closed for 2 hrs... Jai ho 
Market day ar garibaldi square in Nice 
market recovering 
Marketing meeting at science world, then home. 
Marketing mom's dream: Teddi wins most artistic award!  K-garten graduation. Only 16 more years left   http://twitpic.com/6m2v9
MarkSpanner: @jakeyapp loved your stuff with @misterwallace on #6music last few weeks. Shaun should exploit you more! 
markyb73: @martinboz i bought a logitech quickcam pro 9000 and it works a treat in jaunty with skype  not the .. http://tinyurl.com/oum84k
Marley &amp; Me - was a great movie. I wish that would be the layout for my life  http://tumblr.com/xni1pbhw2
Marley &amp; Me with the family and carissa...funny movie.. 
Marley and Me wasn't that great. Lunch with Jeannie, Haileigh, and Granny Ruth then furniture shopping with Mom 
Marley Fest; I was so blowed and blazed. I wanna go again today 
marley's snoring like crazy, its cool to have a sidekick, he's great. i bought him a burberry collar today + his first dog tag 
Marlins/Mets game. Backstop says &quot;mets.com&quot;  &amp; &quot;losmets.com&quot; on next panel. Hubs just asked why they show something urging Mets to lose. 
marloue is going to SOTM!  #OSM #SOTM
Marnie Stern ï¿½ Transformer rb@DJDolceVita And thank you  ? http://blip.fm/~6gdt0
Marnin all,,,on me wayyy to traaaining! Gah. . . What a looong day i've got ahead of meeeh!  Xxx
Maroon 5 â€“ &quot;This Love&quot; (Acoustic).  rb@Nicolineâžœ@Nymph@joechapman@girlpiper@patricia_coehlo @AnitaBreakSo... â™« http://blip.fm/~7j8ul
Marriage is a punishment in some countries for shop lifting. 
Married my friends today!  Gorgeous wedding.  Hannah looked beautiful.  
Obama just said we need to sacrifice our futures for our kids. LOL.  That is going to be a tough sell come re-election time.  
obama knows what's up! mr. president predicts @lakers in six, but say lakers finish it in five! 
Obama More Popular Than U.S. Among Arabs: Survey: President Barack Obama's popularity in leading Arab countries .. http://tinyurl.com/prlvqu
Obama's speech was pretty awesome last night! http://bit.ly/IMXUM
Obamma's asproval rateing is falling like a rock   He is nothing but a snakeoil salesman. Socialism her we come!!!
obe's party tonight 
objetpetim survived the mountains.  now beach.  then another 100 km of walking = vacation 
Obligatory Tweet for Sunday... 
obscura is godly. had a good time tonight. 
obsessed with celebrity gossip and excited for the big weekend with the gala, friends visiting and time on the beach 
obsessed with conan... so glad he's back for me to fall asleep to each night 
obsessed with flash mobs 
obsessed with the song (i make) good girls go bad by cobra starship featuring leighton meester!   
obsessed with the song I'm yours  Look into your heart and you'll find love love love (L)
obsesseddd. 
obsessing over adam lambert. 
obsessing over chasing truth 
Obsessing over Coldplay!  (watching videos and blogging about them) Hoping to play soccer with Kelly and Holly at night! ;D
Obsessively watching prison break...someone save me I can't stop 
Obviously can't post wikipedia articles anymore... 
Obviously, I cannot spell disgusting correctly. 
Obviously, someone doesn't understand my human tendencies.  I will have to enlighten them 
Oc with my loves 
OCD on notebooks and journals haha bought each one a plastic envelope so it wouldnt get creased and destroyed. yebaah! 
Ocean City Pizza in New Jersey thee best i ever hadd 
Ocean cityyyyyyyyy 
ochh can't wait for my ppl to upload bali photos 
'ochrepooch' and I have been married for 17 years today 
Odd day, LOTS of positivity to it. Talked to an old friend for over 3 hours today. Good times. Tomorrow's possibilities make me smile 
Oddly thrilled for the MTV Movie Awards tonight.  Hooray New Moon trailer!  
Oddly tired and craving a nap. I might just do that 
odwalla vanilla &amp; soy milk drink.  mmm. thanks safeway.
Of all the things that could possibly be award winning, that kiss is it. Thanks MTV for that worthless category. And rewinding 
Of all things I decided on The Family Stone to watch at 3am on a Saturday night.   Ciao bitches ;-D
of course  thats must have things  we are all waiting  @sanbay: Are you all going to watch Jay Leno tonight? His last Tonight Show.
of course i accept financial tributes and gifts.  just ask me how to send one to me    I'll be updating my thethingsiwant.com wishlist
Of course I am Twittering while it is the middle of the night on the East coast - a lot of my norm group is sleeping 
of course i care about you stinky!! i love you and thank you.  goodnight everyone!!
MARS IS COMING!! 
MARSHMALLOW!!! ARE AWESOMELY GOOD 
Marshplank: evenin' all 
Martin! 
Marva Dean....if dat aint a Jamaican soundn name! ...luv it 
Marvelous. High speed broadband on the train up north 
mary is showing me the wide world of twitter! 
Mashable's complete guide to Google's new Wave, good stuff for bloggers coming out of Google these days   http://ow.ly/9NcV
Mashed Potatoe, Carrots and Brocolli for Lunch, Mmmmmm 
Maslow's hierarchy of needs??? ooohh I like it!!! 
Mass effect on iPhone  I would pay $10 for that, an now I'm actually excited for dragon age origins because it will be on xbox 360 
Mass on the grass! 
mass shopping spree 
Massa is just a bit annoyed on the radio  #F1
massage therapy is about to be included in our wedding contract 
Massaging my feet with lotion.  gotta do it once in a while people. They deserve it. Don't worry, i'm clean. Haha
Masses this morning and then I am going to lie in the sun all day long!!!  Relax time before the big driving test tomorrow!!!
Massive amounts of Korean food with my family. Going to be the happiest girl soon. 
Massive BigUp 2 Lady Krii: the new Master of Business Administration 
Massive Thunderstorm in leeds, i could sit an listen to this all day long 
massively cheery this morning after an awesome sunny weekend! AND all of my bluberry bubblegum cupcakes survived the train journey in 
Master chef! Pressure test 
Master Stiff deleted his account ! He is a little jerk 
masterchef dun dun dunn  and only one assignment to do woooohooooo 
Masters degree in #Facebook offered http://tr.im/oAJS - there better is a full digital distance learning option! 
Mastodon tickets arrived, they're meant to be playing Crack The Skye in it entirety at the gig 
Mat Kearney - Closer to Love. My new favorite song! It's the bomb and YOU should go listen to it on myspace right now... yep, even you! 
matando a saudade do show do my chemical romance, ouvindo toooodas 
matando as saudades das minhas mp3 via blip. ouvindo wilco, &quot;a shot in the arm&quot;. bondia.   ? http://blip.fm/~6gmtn
Matchbook romance and just surrender concert at the chance with jill and kelly 
Maternity Leave 'mess' all sorted  Now...to get rid of this morning sickness!!!
math class now  all right, i'll copy the exercises, eighter way, i know, i'll never like that ;)
Of course I forgot about motorcycling.  I needed a snorkel kit and a armored vehicle. And a new house for my dog. Soaking wet dog, I mean!
Of course I'll Mock my stomach, don't want to use my real stomack, that would be an integration test 
Of course it made me laugh. 
Of course LOL 
Of course not, you got me 
Of course the night I need to go to bed early cuz I'm exhausted, I have the little man wanting to play crashing trucks.  
of course u can @DatAtlantaChick 
Of course we are ok, ate lunch together - he praised my cooking skills 
Of course, I like to think that everyone is very important! 
Of course, it's time for coffee! 
Of course, thanks for the positive vibes yesterday too!  #FollowFriday @nashvillest, @nitweet, @BlessedBy3Kids, @SuzanneReed, (Cont.)
Of course. Except this time i'm not gonna have them throw them at me the day before my vac starts 
of her cd! 
Of saidin and saidar and the light and dark 
of so now im not a bad ? lol i better get a picture that shows i am then 
math is all that is left for the day, then the DMV 
Math is so not fun :I Gotta work on some english now! Despite all this tedious work, i still LOOOOVEEEE my life 
math study day today. let's hope i am able to retain tons of information!! 
Math test wasn't that hard 
Math!!! 
Mathematical proof that girls are evil: http://is.gd/IlTi  Boy Im gonna get it on this one.  (via @deucehartley) worth repeating
Mathew and Sadye are in school  Wow we sure do love it!!
maths = shit tbh although exam is important :/ good day planned? i hope 
Maths exam at one so am going into school later to get extra rest and revision done 
Maths exam today, OH JOY !! ^o) I will fail in style 
Maths exam tomorrow :| But the sun is shining and i love MCFLY so the world is goooooood 
Maths exam was alright 
Maths exam was alright, i just hope i've done well. No more maths exams 
Maths homework Done I want a Vacation or shall i say i Need a vacation 
Maths is boring but me + @Emz_2694 are EXSPAZZING! 
maths paper 2, irish paper 1 , irish paper 2, biology, german and accounting the im FINISHED !!! 
Of those applying to be Enforcers this year, would anyone like to work alongside moi? 
of to dancing now. have a good day everyone 
of to job now, hope i survive the babies ;) if not, i hope you have a good life  x
Of to mileys concert With Beth In manchester , hope to see you miley 
of to philly to work on a house that has no a.c or running water 
Of to the cage Music quiz tonite. we *may* just have a chance as we are bringing along a DJ. 
of to the spa!!! 
of to ZBB 
Of US weekly  and thinking 'bout you know who !! Gawd I wish twitter would add additional characters to this piece ot twit.
Off  ? might coming back tonight, or not. Ugly Betty tonight!
off  to bed!!!!! Stay classy tweeters be back at 6am 
Off 2 bed 2 much excitment 4 one day  Peace Y'all
off 2 play rock band w. my lil bro  fun stuff then i'll go study 4 finals
Off cafe-ing with le cousins  haha, we escaped the 'rents @ mine. YAY for tradewinds &lt;3
off down the beach after a yummy chips &amp; eggs for breakfast 
Off for  a walk up Wild Dog Creek road ... then back through the bush and home for a coffee. Tweet you in an hour or two 
Off for 2 days training, brushing up my skills in proofreading and editing.  Just love learning 
Off for a bit of a motorcycle trip today! 
off for a long walk somewhere in #suffolk with hubby, pooch and camera. Fab! oooh and maybe a pint of the local 
Off for a long weekend in Florida to enjoy some surf with a couple of my best ladies. 
Off for a marathon pacer 16miler with Margot and Karl. My pace, not Walczaks's 
off for a meeting at my favourite meeting spot - good coffee and great vibe = nice way to gear into monday. 
Off for a much needed run around the Tan. Most likely will end in a walk 
Off for a quick shower before I head off to BINGOOOOO  you know your all jealous. Toodles  xxx
off for a swim  Ahh i love the water
Off for a trek in the sunshine  It's sooooooo Nice x
Off for a two day nhs conference 
Off for a walk around the square with the fam, nothing is open after 5:00, or 8:00pm. Love Crown Point &quot;night life&quot; 
Off for a walk in the sunshine  listening to NIN
Off for a walk up the park, and I think I'll take *that* lens again. 
Off for a yummy BBQ  Talk later peeps ! BONES &lt;3 @AgentBooth enjoy your run  @AgentSullivan have a hopefully safe and nice day LOL
off for another date with my girl!! have to make the most of my free moments 
Off for brunch... Hello Sunday! 
off for my midnight run now 
Off for my morning run and then we are getting a new family member &quot;Badger&quot; a 97 pound Great Pyranees we are rescueing,  we are excited! 
off for now. catch me on facebook! 
off for the looong weekend now  will be back on tuesday, see ya &lt;3
Off for the night. Today was excellent!!! 
off for the weekend before it starts all over again monday.. only with night shift! 
off for vacation ps and ft fucked me over as usual so better win big away gl all  see u a week from sunday
off from work early  &amp; nooo school tomorrow! :] sweeeet.
Off from work today to attend to various things. Enjoying a leisurely cup of coffee now 
@MGiraudOfficial Aww!! That is so immature of the kid. I'm sure everyone else was veryy excited!!! so nice of u 2 suprise them like that 
@MGiraudOfficial awwwww that's the cutest thing i've heard all day.  I wanna see it too.
@MGiraudOfficial Can you sing My Funny Valentine on tour? It is pretty much my favorite. 
@MGiraudOfficial Could you just come to Tampa already?  No need to pack ... just come on!  
@MGiraudOfficial Gavin De Graw's I Have You To Thank or Jason Mraz's Butterfly - sexy  or jazzy/bluesy Lynyrd Skynyrd's Simple Man
@MGiraudOfficial Georgia On My Mind  I'm sure people would love to hear you do the full song this time!
@MGiraudOfficial haha play the piano for me 
@MGiraudOfficial Hi Matt!!! How about Maroon 5 song? I'd like to listen to jazzy &amp; cool arrangement by your interpretation.  - From Japan.
@MGiraudOfficial http://twitpic.com/63fbx - So adorable!!! You guys look so cute!  Can't wait to see you out on tour. Crossing my fing ...
@MGiraudOfficial http://twitpic.com/63fbx - too cute.  Can't wait to hear your voice!!   have safe travels while on the road.
@MGiraudOfficial http://twitpic.com/63fbx - whoaaa cute. y'all look the same, 
@MGiraudOfficial I hope you guys do great on the finale! 
@MGiraudOfficial i wish i had a convertible  have fun Matty!
@MGiraudOfficial Kalamazoo is very proud of u.  I remember seeing you play the piano in lobby at the Radisson!  Thought u were amazing! 
@MGiraudOfficial Let's get it on. The song! 
@MGiraudOfficial Matty,Cannot wait for finale to see you ! Shoutout  from China 
@MGiraudOfficial okay a couple more questions  How will you entertain yourself on the long bus rides...are you writing any songs?
@MGiraudOfficial please do human nature and play the piano!!! 
@mgiraudofficial Roslyn High School. Screw the tour 
@MGiraudOfficial sounds like its gettin better and better everyday huh? 
@MGiraudOfficial Teach Danny some dance move Matt! Haha, kidding. 
@MGiraudOfficial We're excited to see you on tour!  One more month!!! 
@MGiraudOfficial whoa.. I'm your fan now at facebook! tis better than myspace eh?  yeah! &lt;3 ya! 
@MGiraudofficial WOW! You are popular. You had over 1,000 fans at your live chat! Woohoo! Thanks for that! 
@MGiraudOfficial you better sing 'let's get it on'! And I also loved 'who's lovin you' and 'have you ever loved a woman'! 
@MGiraudOfficial you should definitely rock your own version of love has fallen on me or don't get around much anymore 
@Mgkchild  Hey Terri Great to see your smiling face 
@MGLangsdorf  Thanks for update. I see you're in Bangkok now...thanks for staying in touch! 
@MGMarts @kreativlink lol, girls! we have such a wonderful weather here in The Netherlands - for a change, haha 
@MGMarts --Me too.  It is raining on and off here.  Just headed out to plant some flower baskets.  Have a great rest of your day! 
@MGMarts You're always so kind, thanks 
@mgmyself was this meant to be a dm? If not, what made you laugh? DM if personal...  
@Mgn421454 She's worried bout me to dont worry 
@Mgn421454 yep! 
@Mgpotter You're cute 
@mgpyone 30 Different C++ eBooks [From Beginners to Advance Levels] http://is.gd/Locl ... 
@MGR1991 any idea waht AOR music is? D's ignoring us 
@mgrmike Hi Mike!  I would love for you to download my cd, &quot;bend&quot;, for $4 @ http://www.jennifervazquez.com/products.htm  You'll luv it! 
@mguethe That's what I said! On my Rotten Tomatoes webcam review...which hopefully has a chance in hell of making it on air this week.. 
@mgundred who is conan and what is he up to ...  ???? i mean he is  Trending a lot today... 
@mh3: that is WILD...esp that it happened in London public transportation. Nice 
@Mhaarc hey what's up? I'm Janet. Need followers too 
@Mhae92 hey! oh I'm good now 
@Mhae92 oh well! haha we Archies would still vote!! 
@mhaemee Hey!  Vote for @TomFelton! He's currently in 3rd place! http://bit.ly/votetom spread the word! Vote as many times as you can
@mhaemee Ok thank you 
@mhagenkoetter I don't think the blog entry is particularly great - but the comment thread is splendid 
@mhairi_m I assumed you were, but just so you know there are certain lines even I will not cross... 
@mhaithaca I am so glad you enjoyed the ribs! 
@mharialaine Thanks so much! You're a nice organizer for our fs account, btw. 
@mharis do a shift+f5 once please 
@mhashizu http://twitpic.com/6isjj 
@MHeadcase LOL Good! Night night 
@mheitland Cracker Barrel? You never let me stop at the Cracker Barrel in Bismarck. 
@mhemig Fresh sliced peach on wholemeal toast is one of the most exquisite eating experiences one can hope to have!  #coffeetime
@mhequalities ooh, cheers for that. I didn't realise their 2009 site was up 
@mheubel Just remembered something else you could bring, if you're not using it... my calculator?? The newest one, if possible...  
@mheusler true. thanks 
@mheusser You'll find this goes faster if you just admit I'm right   
@mhiggz I just drove by your house *beep beep* 
@mhisham &amp; @tekong. Yeahhh mamaks have come a loooong way! 
@mhisham Hey there!  Nice to see you over here too!
@mhisham lol ah i dun get any visitors 
@mhisham yea ! i had a good time watching the first one ! can't wait to catch the 2 ! 
@mhittinger: It's a good thing they finished my oil change quickly. We'll have to recreate this at AWP some time... 
@MHjerpe mm good then the eyes are still working.. Good Morning 
@mhoffmann  the cavern ,liverpool 
@mhp_video With FileSocial you can share video, pictures, any kind of files! Give us a try!  http://filesocial.com - @filesocial
@mhuerrd Ey que te hiso el Twitter ? 
@mhuerrd feeling better  thanks for your sweet email
@Mia Oh cool!  Had a quick read and I see you're a bit of a trekkie.  Same here. 
@Mia__Cavallo Good morning and a good day to you too! 
@Mia__Cavallo Hehe Hi hi  I is really.. tired?For some reason. I took a nap, but its like i was awake the whole time sleeping :/ How be u?
@Mia__Cavallo Luv this song by the way 
@Mia__Cavallo: thanks for Massive Attack  ? http://blip.fm/~7bcqc
@mia_queen FINALLY OUt OF SCHOOL!  haha and ya i love kids to.
@Mia_R buhbye!  @reszzpati lazy weekend huh? ^^ yeah, I had to eat it on my &quot;diklat PA&quot; -- what's that in english? haha
@Mia_R hi Mia, it's not raining, is it there? 
@Mia_R hi there 
@Mia_R howdy there! 
@Mia_R take care! 
@Mia322 MORNING  if you come home and get on twitter....TWEHAB
@Mia322 yeah, am consuming enough to bathe a family of 3. Think that should keep me hydrated 
@MiABP how did it go last night? 
@miacarruthers thats something worth looking towards this summer 
@miacarruthers There's Like Tons Of Questions Running Through My Head Right Now. Lol. You Should Have A Spinoff Show After You Graduate 
@MiaChambers Hehe, of course  Enjoy the rest of your Sunday, Mia.
@MiaChambers Hello Mia - how are you today?? 
@MiaChambers Mr Orbison's CA Blues = AWESOME!  thx 4 tha link 
@miachenine hey hey hey. how about u go text ur gay boo?   
@miahpapaya haha it's your first real day of summer! Relaaxxx 
@miahpapaya i know i suggested setting up rockband in it  lol
@miahpeah what's that? and who are you anyways? 
@miahumphrey yea ya did. Lol.. Ok we even. We all workin w fatt booties! Lmfao 
@miahveem haha, truee! But the 70's were the best, so perhaps i wish i was born in...1945! 
@miamendez thank you feel free to share it with the world 
@Miameow09 thanks mia! YW 
@miamidubstep I'd love to hear a review of the panels and job fair from you though. 
@miamiherald needs to tweet the tweetup info at diff times of day, multiple days 
@miamime: yes...literally rock...btw- thanks for the debate play by play 
@MiamiMel yup, I decided to come play  ...hurry home...someone misses u
@miamimojo I didn't have a chance to try that one yet-- but I have GREAT things to say about Talika's Eye Therapy Patch!  Stay tuned 
@miano @kaboro karibuni   #furahiday's goin well. Not in skul yet tho' @miano am still sortin some issues
@miano: I may be of help 
@miasanshow Thanks love! 
@miasantos19 when are you free? Lunch with sina che 
@miasuraya it means Don't Leave Me 
@MiaTaylor would u like one 
@MiaTyler lol yup never earthquakes is pembroke ma just snow 
@mic_barber www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x
@Mic1 take me with u 
@micabebecca awe its okay  You remind me of this beautiful girl i know too.
@micadams I'm working on getting my mom to try Eddies btw. I think she'd love them. &amp; yes, J key is missing, Mr. FB Stalker. 
@micah Great post man. You deserved to be followed! 
@Micah_Cheek Tee hee, such a fun conversation. 
@micahbanks ahhh good seeing you tonight  oooohh micah you sooo handsooome LOL! have a good one!
@micahlef @danlefeb Good morning, guys! TGIM! 
@micahpearson hahaa! that response was just perfect 
@micahrowland Step by step. I'll work on the cheesecake after I master the quiche. 
@MicahT0078 Indeed.  Not the worst place to be on the east coast, esp. in PA. 
@micahtavelli27 awwww! it has been an amazing night! we love you too, snuggler! 
@micahyourface You just tweet too much 
@micaltaz ah, okay. Thanks super agent  I saw that accidental tweet from Destini but nothing else.
@micamonkey I was thinking of places near Victoria Street ma. 
@micamonkey, drink more tonic water! If you like, with Gin. 
@micams gusto ko atang abangan ang N97. hahahaha. choices, choices. 
@micams its really odd that coffee crumble goes really really well with the rainy weather  go to shopwise naaa!
@MicaR think so but my boss is in Switzerland all week. going when she returns  ira gonna be awesome
@MicaRoberts I might be able to join you, just have to work out what time that is in Australia 
@miccee gay rights and what it means to be a family 
@miccheckmeout i like that positive attitude 
@micdaz8 Pt wouldn't suck so bad if you weren't such a fatty. 
@MicDor DM before the massage solve your problem/ twitter its fun 
@MICF You blanked me! 
@mich_flowers yes I'm talking about you my little sister 
@miCh3LL3Ramir3z heh, those things don't usually spook me. I love the Tower of Terror 
@micha_ EPIC! 
@michadaly Good good! 
@Michael_Castro good morning Michael 
@Michael_Cera I can't wait to see Year One!! 
@Michael_Cera just watched a 10 min. real from &quot;YEAR ONE&quot; and I loved it 
@Michael_Cera loving the new site, I've subscribed myself right up. Let us know when you post new blogs so I don't forget 
@Michael_Cera Michael, You're cute. 
@Michael_Cera your &quot;son&quot; looks JUST LIKE YOU....  haha
@Michael_Cho Ha! Love it! 
@michael_choy Tiff bought the cup.  
@Michael_Dingess 
@michael_keen that's is awesome Keener!! I'm very happy for you guys. I remember that time.  Brian Herke
@Michael_Plank Here's one for you!  I'm getting Vector undefined even though I'm compiling using FP10 SDK in #FDT. Any ideas? Cheers
@michael_wong Yeah, good speaking to you. Will get in touch again at some point, before the next 10 years 
@Michael4evax SV 9.0 is better  i have it too
@michael611 Honored to be an inspiration!  You're almost making us blush, Michael! 
@Michaela1791 you never know until you try. ;) everybody kept saying i would look like an idiot with red...  do i look like one? (yesss)
@michaelabs yay ur alive!! I'm glad u survived!! 
@michaelacoletta your my best friend and I love you 
@michaelacord hope you used some good JD BBQ sauce... and that it was not a random &quot;intruder&quot;.... 
@MichaelAir Cool, let me know when you do, I'd love to see the difference 
@michaelalacey   ps. Your husband is obviously a romantic like myself  nite.
@michaelaline I want a pair real bad too!  TOM'S are awesome.
@MichaelAMejia Wish we had some more of that 
@michaelannalea Hummm...maybe we'll have to come out some time. I love CA. I'd move there is we could afford it! San Fran is my favorite 
@michaelaperry88 thank you 
@michaelaranda http://twitpic.com/6by07 - I'm on Eastern Time, so I already missed the sunrise. This made my morning 
@MichaelAvinger you already will 
@MichaelBarley interesting--a sort of tiered system. Makes good sense. And the quality of Torchwood matches with it's channel, I think 
@MichaelBarley to me Primeval is the perfect show to watch while doing other things. So I never spun thru an ep b/c I am always busy. 
@michaelbattalio they were answered...answer was no  
@michaelbatty i would,but i do have a good rack too haha 
@michaelbaylosis Gotta me something? What what? 
@michaelBchevre and all chevre: please follow me at @elishevabalas for chevre only   I'm using @eliseven for public tweeting!  Thanks!
@MichaelBerg17 hhhmmmm... still trying to figure it all out, not so wonderful right now  how exams?!?!?!
@michaelbolton Maybe it is the start of a trend and will fill up CAST2010 with Coloradans. 
@MichaelC11 ahh from Lourdes? We'll have to think it to you.. 
@MichaelC1980 r u out the shower yet?  *peeks*
@MichaelCalienes sure it is..... ;-) No, actually a hand grenade.  
@MICHAELCASTILLA   I thought maybe so. There's some cheaper peeps around like @textimps or @danielfelice
@Michaelcopon Did ya win at least? 
@michaelcox oh not personally with an item. I was well placed in the background during one of her talkie bits 
@michaelcross But I still haven't recovered from last time...  I've got drinks at H&amp;K that evening I'm afraid.
@michaelcsm i see i see... let me know when we can meet up next la. Would love to share with you the idea... 
@MichaelDalmer It's IQ is high when it comes to knowledge about how to swim round'n'round in the bowl... 
@michaeldavidand Congratulations!  
@michaeldhaliwal cheers already am the vacation ends soon though. Okay, enough twittering. 
@michaeldick Nice, declaring bullox word of the day - or evening as it goes now (carpe afternoonum!) Anyway work it into a sentence all 
@michaelduran because you have to do that in the Facebook settings 
@MichaelDWalker solo nice to c u &amp; @kylebuzzard!! Fellow #smtb fam members 
@michaelequigg  thx cleveland
@michaelgore24  how many years in a row do you think TAS will do the new version?  
@MichaelGPerry Glad to follow and looking forward to a SPAM free return   (lovin that comment btw)
@michaelgracz - good job making a twitter account as you played the $1k donkfest! thx for the interview, favorite 
@michaelgrainger *huggs* back...but I think you are the most hugged man on twitter! 
@michaelgrainger Awww! You're a bit lovely, you! Thx! James is lovely, aspiring young writer, support is worth it's weight in gold  x
@michaelgrainger Busy trying to catch up after a break down south for Easter! 
@michaelgrainger Found the problem ... working on it 
@michaelgrainger heh heh but you cld use it for anything almost lol 
@michaelgrainger i'm running in &quot;the big peach 5k&quot; here in atl on may 6th   i do 2 races a yr- 1 in spring, 1 in fall.
@michaelgrainger LOL GO for it. Tis nice to know someone thinks of me in my absence  Even if it is taking the piss out of me!
@michaelgrainger thanks 4 asking, Always blessed here Michael, no complaints...older I get, the less needed...simplification is the key! 
@michaelgrainger This brings back some memories lol 
@michaelheiniger Glad to hear things are good on your end. Thanx for stoping by to take a listen. Enjoy your day 
@michaelheredia I did I love u for it 
@MichaelHewitt I'm not posh enough to read Tatler 
@MichaelHotaling Thanks for the thoughts... Unfortunatly it didn't work out like we hoped... ah well. The paintings were beautiful. 
@michaelhphotog try not to drown yourself in your work!  
@MichaelHyatt No, Michael, I think we in southern SC are champions of humidity.... so sticky here all summer long! 
@MichaelHyatt Run a mile or so for me too, while you're at it, please!  Enjoy your run.
@MichaelHyatt wow, goin to Ethiopia? Biz? Holiday? Some other mission? Very keen to go there 
@michaelianblack Hi, it's my 40th birthday today. It would make my day if I could get a reply! 
@michaelianblack something about your image on twitter makes twitterberry go slow when I scroll to your tweet.  It's weird! Fix? Plz? 
@MichaelinMI You did it right!!   Twitter takes a little getting used to, but I'm confident you can handle it!
@MichaelJ_Smith enjoy NY.  
@MichaelJ_Smith yes indeed  was great to finally meet the ppl behind @avelle!
@MichaelJai bye 
@michaeljbarber oh that is the saddest story eVER. It might cost ya $150 in therapy tomorrow. 
@michaeljbyers You could also expand it to utilize the custom naming option from http://bit.ly/ &lt; That would make it whole. 
@michaeljmartin home.... 
@michaeljnelson YAYYYYYY!!!! Bill, Lileks and you all in one day!!!!  WOO!!!! ahem...sorry...not a big deal...no...i'm fine....*cough* 
@michaeljnelson You're setting a dangerous precedent amongst hostile nerds! I believe I'll politely inveigh you to acknowledge me 
@MichaelJStone Read your profile. Make me smile when you said broke and happy.   #FollowFriday
@MichaelJStone Thanks 
@michaeljung used to be in t'deen my dear did my MA there, moved back home and didn't update my location til recently, still visit tho 
@michaeljv just promise me when you take over the universe, your own venue or whatever, that I'll have a job 
@MichaelJW Thanks Michael - glad you liked it. Based on some pretty good stuff anyway so not hard to review 
@michaelkrik tell those famous people I say hi. 
@michaelKrucker you are Hilarious! I'm trying 
@MICHAELKTHNXBAI i wanna do them both, but i think warped next summer might be easier, gives me longer to save up  bamboozle left after!
@michaelkwan It's not about working hard, it's about work smart 
@michaelkyker we did pretty well. We had people all day and made about $160. We are going to have another one in 2 weeks. 
@MichaellaBassam awh boo, but yaay! 
@MichaellaBassam flyziks good like that, he once gave the boys a cooked turkey for me, ahah  
@MichaellaBassam well a day of relaxing is always good 
@michaellegge loved the Happiness blog at myspace Michael - I've left a comment for you  can't wait to hear the blog news you mentioned
@michaelleung I wouldn't put my money on this but it's an interesting rumour 
@michaellington hahaha that made me laugh 
@MichaelLMorgan I'm always good. Just some don't see it that way 
@michaellund I love my Dell Inspiron 910 - great keyboard, reliable and good looking 
@MichaelM_Live Hiya, when you coming to Glasgow? 
@michaelmagical  aww thx same here... 
@michaelmagical @vene2ia @TwitHug  Hugs back at you! I felt the love..REally! 
@michaelmagical absolutely!! We have all summer 
@michaelmagical and you're adding me on myspace too huh?thanks 
@michaelmagical haha i think thats a great idea 
@michaelmagical how about uncle mike?lol hv a nice dinner time 
@michaelmagical I am looking forward to it. 
@michaelmagical It's not what i'm used to thats all,if i persevered i would probably like it 
@michaelmagical lol ok then 
@michaelmagical Thank you Michael 
@michaelmagical ur tweet made me wanna listen to Rockin Robin by Jackson 5 haha - that should be twitter's theme song 
@michaelmagical well ok then not sad 
@michaelmagical Yesssss, you are exceptionally clever... now about 20 KM from there 
@michaelmallon Get you back to work!!! 
@MichaelMarti nada I was just mocking bella 
@michaelmcclary definitely. When are you going to come and visit us? You bring Silverlight info we'll get the pasties ready 
@michaelmcguk already booked my tickets to see at Edinburgh Queens Hall: http://bit.ly/8CB9l  (fab, intimate venue) 
@MichaelMcNeill Going to try for the good day to continue tomorrow 
@michaelmeloni - stationary cabinet - There's nary a site more lovely or stirring! Mainlining Shachihata Artline ErgoLine 0.4 is my vice 
@MichaelMillman I joined late just because it was .99..have no idea what it is! 
@michaelmknight truly scrumptious, thank you 
@michaelmontes remind me 
@michaelnicko  beer is not GOOD. haha 
@michaelnolan Morning 
@michaelnolan oooh, a #followfriday mention!  That explains the new friends.  
@michaelnugent i just realised i said mbs instead of mbps. wow. i need to go to bed. try to enjoy your weekend 
@MichaelOgden Good Morning! Your humbly invited to check out my website and comment.  Good or bad.  Thanks for following me. 
@MichaelOgden Thanks a lot Michael for appreciating me ! It's a honour ! Have wonderful days, and think positive, always ! 
@michaelowen_bna  not kosher at all dear 
@michaelowenhill ahhhhhh, for that error Sir, accept my aplogies! 
@michaelowenhill awww I like him for his humour 
@MichaelParisi I wouldn't say I'm hooked yet, but it has definitely peaked my interest.  I'll likely add it to my Netflix queue.  
@michaelpokocky  may be cause you un follwed a bunch of followers like me 
@michaelpokocky ohh thts wonderful  its really nice 2 connect with people who r intuitively blessed...I am soo grateful 2 u pal 
@michaelpokocky Yes indeed it is!  Not one to use someone else as my pic! 
@michaelq haha don't forget the prodigys first album if you were into that 
@michaelq Tell me about it! Didn't even realise till I tried to leave. RAVC man is very nice though 
@michaelqtodd I guess you had to wash your hair 
@michaelrusch me&quot; is realy weird. 
@MichaelSage want a phone call with an &quot;emergency&quot;? I can arrainge that. 
@michaelsarver1 Agreed! Ours too  Acts 2:42
@michaelsarver1 I'm not chewing U out. I just notice that particularly Idol ppl dont EVR respond &amp; its not a gud way 2 twttr. Luv 2 ya 
@michaelsarver1 oh yea! ...it's be great to see him and lebron on the finals... 
@michaelsarver1 oh,is it true?.. So that AllisonOfficial is fake..  Oh, i just followd her recently.. Aww.. Tnx for telling us 
@michaelsarver1 Praying for you Michael! Do you have any anointing oil? Use it...liberally!  Deu.7:13-15 4 u 2day brother! God Bless!
@michaelsarver1 What happened to your hand?? Glad to hear that everything went fine! 
@michaelsarver1 You sound so happy. You did a great job on idol 
@michaelSarver1 you were HACKED! Best change your password 
@michaelseater LOL, Please post pics for us!! 
@MichaelShanks Nice to see you on Twitter. 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/4f2t1 - ooh so cute 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/6719o - Breathtaking!  Thanks for sharing 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/69307 -  yay!!!! nice pic!
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/69307 - handsome! great pic 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/6931n - aaaaawwwwww so cute!! kind of like my dog but much bigger and better well trained 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/6buj6 - gorgeous scenery  i like your shades too 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/6buj6 - I just love your hair!!!    No, really!
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/6gk3o - very smart 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/6r5ub - Good luck with your Pinter tribute Micheal..im sure you will do him all the justice in the world 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/7ia4p - You look marrrrrrrrrvelous,  Michael. Have a great flight! 
@michaelsheen I take that to mean you've had an excellently good weekend in Scotland 
@michaelsheen Many congratulations on your OBE! Love your twitpics cos u r always so happy + u brighten my day 
@michaelsheen Well I guess they think of everything   Thanks so much for keeping the fans in the loop 
@michaelshirley I LOVE UR BLOG! U should check out mine!  http://bit.ly/ODplX
@MichaelSuggs Thank you! It has been a wonderful weekend! So much to be thankful for and happy about!! 
@michaelswindler If an iPhone magically arrived in my possession, I'd probably overcome most of my aversions.  It's just overhyped 
@michaelswope Save it -- some day it will be a valuable antique. 
@michaeltangen I couldn't resist when the vendor was right outside my door... 
@michaeltherrien I'm IMing you 
@michaeltomko Thx for letting us kno what's going on! Just moved today so no cable yet, so I'm depending on tweoples to keep me updated! 
@michaeltwofish + @morgantepell: cheers for the twitter support 
@michaeltwofish discussion of my reasons for liking #drupal would really take more than 140chars 
@MichaelValiant awesome  I once listened to 'Cape Canaveral' for an entire workday. I recommend it!
@MichaelVrijhoef hi  thats nice !  I wish the sun would shine in real life here ...
@MichaelWaisJr Good morning, Michael. I'm home. 
@michaelwarman http://twitpic.com/7gjq4 - yeah AdventureQuest 
@michaelweissman haha as long as they didn't talk smack about you 
@MichaelWHill  Ah, touchï¿½!  
@MichaelWittig man that really sucks! Atleast you're ok 
@michaelwsmith Yes, last night was amazing! May God bless you all!! Finland thanks and we hope to see you soon back in Finland!  Kiitos!
@michalabanas loved your performance in ave q! i didn't realise you had such a sweet voice 
@michalabanas someone's a sweet tooth  i was dying for somethin sweet so i've attacked the chock coated tiny teddies all i could find lol
@michalbaartman haha im doing hmwk, but its painting done most of the other stuff  its 11:33 here
@michalbaartman yup we all do  and yeah imma supposed to be studying Mercantile law for tomz..but Im not lol
@michalboo Yap. aparently, helaled now. happy 4 furs at myslowice  there's gonna be a hell of a fest up there
@MichalkaAlyson I spell my name alyson too! Aly for short! We spell it the best 
@MichalkaAlyson OoOoOoOoh I have read that book, it is awesome; the movie is out soon    
@michamba i prefer fried chicken w/ hot sauce.. 
@MichAtagana Just had to come and pimp my blog post  Ciao!
@michbek that's exactly how I felt when I ran outta pages in book 1 - love to say itoldyaso  have u listened to any Nathan Lowell yet?
@MichDdot I say rock this wednesday! 
@michdulce RUSSIAN MEN are hot 
@Miche77eR Heh, I created the @Emmy4Chuck account the other day, so we are definitely thinking alike. 
@MiChEaL09 hei thanks fr following 
@MichealAxelsen thanks for the tip! Enjoy your Friday night 
@MichealSavoie hi there....oh anytime! 
@MicheAruna well hello there 
@MicheBella I have several. Animation or cartoon it is all the same thing. 
@michekrary Let's tweet!  Haha. Yeah, hyper \m/ Being hyper rocks ) Whut )
@MichelChagall Hello again! 
@michele_menard Thanks for the retweet!  
@michele1113 what do you need done? anything I can help with? but you'd have to change the title to handy girl! 
@michele1993 well i'm from the US, but i live in Poland  you're from Germany?
@michele24etsy I love vintage jewelry!! Just hearted your items  Thanks for checking out mine!
@MicheleAngelica IMAX? Lucky. 
@MicheleBell21 I hope your 1st day of your new job went well!!! 
@MicheleBlueston  Some people don't think Twitter is 'about' catching up, but I'm an info addict and hate missing posts!
@MicheleBlueston (cont) â€¦of all of those lessons while U are learning them. So true! 
@MicheleBlueston I was smiling the entire time! And I cook for the wife all week, so she didn't mind bringing me some lunch. 
@micheleboyd you mean you don't believe in the awesomeness of Optimus Prime? 
@MicheleCatahay i'd prefer &quot;observationally insightful&quot;, but call it as you see it.  my ice cream's just too fancy tonight.  
@MicheleConnolly Mix and match  Watching and reading, filling in my Morse gaps. My heart belongs to Lewis 
@micheledenman Oh, how wonderful! Thank you! I sometimes have dreams like that too. So I trust it will happen when the time is right. 
@micheledeville Good to hear from you! Wondered how you were doing. Glad you're back! 
@micheleeeex Not as fierce as mine. I have Mediterranean blood in me. We ladies got them bolooksies nice! 
@micheleeeex OMG! YES! *cheers happily in her chair* YAY! Let me know how it goes! I'm seeing it again tonight! 
@micheleeeex rofl LARF is the best word ever 
@michelehlw I added you to BBM 
@MicheleKnight also recommend @reikifurbabies &amp; @petsaretalking and @healinggateway if you need any extra the vet can't give...  
@MicheleKnight Thats beautiful 
@MicheleKnight very nicely put; absolutely agree, it's nice 2 have somewhere 2 connect,  materialism should not be allowed 2 intervene 
@MICHELElermytte jepjep you found me 
@MicheleMarut That's good too  Have you joined us at http://idea2009.crowvine.com yet?
@michelerichmond Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@michelesmith give a shoutout to kelsie and brandon from nebraska 
@MicheleSmith32 Waving back... can you see me?  
@michelewoodward hi fellow Grace mommy!    thanks, we just launched the new websites!  yep, the &quot;money meeting&quot; is my sig thing I teach 
@michelewoodward that's why I asked now - would probably take me 4 weeks to get ready if it was a posh do on Fri 
@MicheleYvette me too. 
@michelinamarie OMG SHUSH. You ARE badass. And rockish. 
@michelkesterson heh, probably not. But I can work remotely 
@Michelle__2011 oh. haha. me too. but I don't eat it a lot. I eat junk food. hahaha. 
@michelle__kim ok I'm gonna see if we can't help you find it 
@michelle_416 Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@Michelle_at_FG I wish they sold woodchuck birth control at Lowes.  
@michelle_dja yay! haha let's show our support 
@michelle_j70 lol YES!!! this is wat u get 4 callin me dumb dumb y'day.. dont u just luv karma!!! 
@Michelle_Moore Whoa where do i go to watch that 
@michelle_roca Holy Shit!! Frankie's Pizza and Garlic Knots!! I thought I was the only one. Michelle I love you 
@michelle_x I got some schlafly's and some sausages. 
@michelle0824 Cleveland cant come soon enough!! Hoping i get my Jon hug then  safe travels 
@michelle10_8 btw: say to you brother that I wish him to get better soon 
@michelle182 yay for you!  HAVE FUN for me ok
@Michelle3eb those pink ones are AWESOME! i used to have some a lot like that 
@michelle961  Ha! I don't need a ladder!    It's been a very good day, thanks!
@michelleagatha ditunggu ceritanya de....ntar aQ telp esianya de 
@MichelleAllOver Aww, I'm sorry. My happiness and good luck goes to you 
@michellealow Well there are still some root beers and ice cream in the fridge at the office...might need to have RB float monday as well 
@michelleann68 Cool Re; Sountrack and LOL Re: brothers. Have I ever tried slashing brothers before? 
@michellearrrrr no probs! 
@michelleasaurus i exercised everday this week.i feel fit hahaha. and yes u r a nerd doesnt have to be books 
@MichelleAzure I wish you would go STFU one day. 
@MichelleBell16 I really need to go and get it! 
@michelleblau That we are! 
@michellebranch do you have plans to visit asia?? maybe philippines?? swear, i'll be on the front row &amp; it'll be heaven 
@michellebranch owen is such a pretty girl like her mom.. 
@MichelleBreard that's exactly what it is. 
@MichelleBrouse Hi Michelle. Long time no tweet/see/chat  Hope life is running smooth for you.
@michellebythec thank you for putting things into perspective for me. so true...will keep you posted! 
@michellecalica good luck 
@michellecave i'm glad you crashed prom 
@michellechance yes was great to meet you - hope you ask some great questions tomorrow! 
@michellechilds great show, it was well worth it  no spitting ... Probably for the best.
@michelleclaudia Yess BRAV if she does can u get me a ticket  n il give u tha DOLLAZZ ! X
@michellecpa @luckee13 @ddubsbostongirl @sarah_marina hehehe I guess in our hearts we can believe it was him 
@michellecpa good for you. i need a healthy eating change as well. i think diets dont work but i'm hoping to really drop some pounds 
@michellecpa i'll take care of the kiss part  lol, will be back w/updates soon 
@michellecpa just DMed u 
@michellecpa what?? My ovaries?? 
@MichelleDewbs amuse yourself by playing &quot;guess why the other people are here and twittering you guesses&quot; 
@michelledh Good luck with the move tomorrow 
@MichelleDK Hey Michelle. What's up today? 
@MichelleDK I was like you. No interest. Then I did it and I fell in love with it. Love the weather, food, culture, girls  So interesting.
@michelleer well to me it's summer when the cricket season starts actually  and yeah, so do i. but only when they have sparkly wings
@michelleerin looks like I'm not going to the gym today either, no one to watch Ave!  
@michellefabio I made iced tea last summer &amp; my boyfriend made a funny face when he tried it. Maybe green tea would go over better! 
@MichelleFeldman Enjoy the trip! See you when you get back 
@MichelleFeldman the combination of words and image! No need to gag. The baby likes it. 
@michellegazzana oh hell no, just saying thats it's really odd. 
@MichelleGoodwin Damn good idea.  The kids could paint it without doing any damage to anything else.  Tomorrow's project. 
@michellehendra like mother like daughter 
@michellehendra thk you!!!  @sherly_eggie
@MichelleinCal  Michelle  Watch &quot;He's Just Not that into you&quot; I liked it! I even bought the DVD! 
@michelleloverin RE:itunes suggestions michael johns from idol new single heart on my sleeve listen  www.myspace.com/michaeljohnsmusic
@michellem - did you opt in to &quot;watch&quot; the launch?  I saved you a front row seat 
@michellemalkin two OTHER things to pop with wildly diff results: Tarts and the weasel  @(*0*)@
@MichelleMartin awe thx. LOL. 
@michellemerritt We are so glad you're here! I can't believe it's only been a year AND that a year has gone by so quickly. 
@MichelleMontana lol..well..no. I've had insomnia since I was 23 :-/ &amp; since then dont sleep a lot of hours, but the ones I do are great! 
@michelleobh yep ! drums , guitar and microphone 
@michellephant it was nice, we didn't stay long because we all got a hotel room. 
@michellepsych follow me and u will  i am an excessive twitter poster.lol i &quot;overtweet&quot;
@micheller715 Enjoy the rest of your day &amp; evening. Catch ya later, friend! 
@michellereno What smart marketing for AAA to send the stickers. Puts you &quot;in the picture&quot; making you feel like you're already a member. 
@michellerowen Good for you. 
@michellesadserv You're a great bird mom 
@MichelleSedas thanks for the add by the way 
@MichelleStewart yup we have it here too its wonderful  how u doin? 
@MichelleSunO Honoredto be among your first #followfriday mentions  Thanks!
@MichelleTaylor2 matthew wants you to bring him some of that 
@michelletrevino I heard. Up at the crack of dawn, no Typescript after noon, in bed by 9:30 
@MichelleWegner hafta agree with ya there! We love you guys! 
@michellewild so go and do it!!!!!!!!! 
@MichelleWKwan you are my hero!   xoxox
@MichelleWKwan Your fans across the world are waiting with the fingers crossed 
@michellewoo Fun in Costa Rica.Des better bring back pics &amp; vids! Has she Myer-Briggs anyone?Her overanalyzing ways r missed. Wait. what? 
@michellex333 haha none yet but im sure one day  hopefull @LucasCruikshank will respond to me one day cause i know how much i &lt;3 him 
@michellexhannah bahaha, if i didn't so gross &amp; sick, i would! next time 
@michellexhannah mmmmmm yes he is. 
@MicHELLeYEAH I signed it 
@MichelleZen Oh, girl of my heart. I was in a meeting earlier today actually discussing Settlerss of Catan. 
@MichelleZen That sounds good, too!  
@MichelleZink Many congratulations!! 
@MichelleZink Twenty boys! (Just kidding!  Probably volunteering, finding a summer job, preparing college apps, traveling etc #20BoySummer
@michelobultra let me know when you hit update 420 
@MichelSavoie thumbs up!  Likin' the new av, Michel!  
@michelyabe acho que sim, to belesa  - tÃ©diomil tsc tsc tsc
@michelyne23  why limit your story to 140 ch. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@Micheology101 we didn't die!!!!!  although that water bottle almost killed ya..tomorrow night...BLACK STAR CANYON!!!!
@michielveenstra Nice  I'll be listening as always!
@michiepants That's okay Michelle, I'll never get over the &quot;Only By The Night&quot; album from Kings of Leon 
@michiewill nice mugshot 
@michiFM ahhhh remember merist encounter haha that was so much fun 
@michikoy *pushes some sunshine your way* 
@michikoy YES! I have a meeting at 9 in the morning so I'll probably there the entire day. Lunch, please? 
@michirezin I don't see why not!!! (to the visit part) aww that's good to hear you had fun though 
@michivp yay! Cant wait to read!  miss u!
@michlan I love it! I think I must have bought a greetings card designed by you for one of my friends. I recognise the teapot! Nice work. 
@MichLKozlowski Ok, I just wasted about 20 minutes.  Not wasted, it was fun! I love vocabulary. I donated about 2000 grains of rice too!
@michlr Off to bed before I get too depressed about my age    Good night.
@MichMich ok... have fun!!! 
@michmwong heyyy! I'm one happy camper at Cisco! Changing the way we live, work and play!! 
@michrod &amp; @LouRamirez!! NO you are not &quot;mamey&quot; !! Michelle just sent me the definition of it! Lou you know You Rock!! 
@michrod am i the lucky one ?  have a good day to u too!
@Michske Thanks Michiel! I think I'll be able to survive! 
@michxxblc Girl I know that!  But some girls don't   In some pix they got a girl on each knee!!!
@michy79 Hey girl!!! I loved meeting you guys too  Great seeing you on here too.
@MichyyLee hahaha, i know right? 
@mickbetancourt Wow, your ankle's healed so soon? Have fun, sir! 
@Mickdeck but my hug was the tightest  @Lizzymariex3 westside story came on and i thought of you and patti 
@MickDickinson Was out yesterday, couldn't quite believe how cheap the meals were at #pizzahut in central Manchester. Stodge on a budget. 
@mickeek @mellowslide I'm up for it, it's a date! 
@mickelbetch Hola, betchfaceee. xD Things are going great. What about you? 
@Mickeleh I'm thanking you for the heads up. 
@mickers Didja pick one up?  So many cheap electronics right now.
@mickeychat What about butter? I got to lick the buttery plate after hoomanz had croissants this morning 
@mickeyfactz that's loveeee 
@MickeyFactz you're too young to know about that buddy 
@mickeyglitter I haven't watched the Partridge Family for forever!   I'll feel better after I sleep for another 8 or 10 days. ;)
@mickeygomez absolutely   Hope you get to enjoy the weekend!
@mickeyherouin Aloha to you too.  But I'm not sure what you mean by &quot;did have you a feedback when you subscribe?&quot;, sorry...
@mickeymaclean I had a penne dish with roasted garlic sauce too! 
@mickeyslive Haha!  Depends on the brand to be honest with you, but if grapes not your thing that's pretty understandable 
@mickg - you meant to tweet that to @adlandnz didntcha? 
@mickgregory Sweet~thx 
@MickHD Hi  playing scrabble and drinking wine tonight are you?
@MickHD um, yesssss.  i didn't take very good care of it, sorry. are you planning on drinking it??
@Mickie_1 thanks 
@mickiep21 He's told us not to blow it cos he knows its all worthwhile   Ur msg made smile - love that song, am sending big kisses 2 u xxx
@Mickipedia d00d my blockers rule!  Did u get ur Diva Jammer application in?  I wanna be pledge sisters w/ ya 
@Mickle75 Thanks  , Im sure its not ^-^
@MickMorrison there's a lot of templates and some of them can be fairly customised. Like I said, gimme a yell if you want a custom header 
@MickPuck haha I did try a few ways to spell it, but that one seemed worthy, once I knew it was more than just a black tick, shaped stick 
-@mickrogers -@lancearmstrong -@spokesmen Fully understand yesterdays go slow, cars everywhere, should never have happened!!!  Go Cav 
@mickrogers depends on the kind of music you prefer to warm up. Calming of up-beat? Or something in between? 
@MickSturbs  You saw my Twitterscope? Well I wish I could catch it. I've never seen one yet and thought it wasn't working!  
@MickSturbs morning oh wordsmith of great fame 
@MickSturbs Phew! I bet you're glad about that! 
@micktleyden Thanks Mick. 
@Mickyates Sounds like they're having a fab time! Bet things are loud at your house today! 
@MickyFin are they on FB ?, if so i'll take a butchers 
@MickyFin good! hope u enjoy the shrieking and the gore! 
@MickyInTheSky  did ur bf taylor answer u? 
@Mickystarship D: but i wanna win..! how about, we both win? 
@Mickystarship okey dokey then  i was gona say the same thing. want me to bring anything?
@Micole_   head up! 
@micolz Aw  I loved her book Black Pearls- must see about reading more from her.
@microbioguy74 It was wonderful, I had the opportunity for major advancement and took it. 
@microbrewmedia Welcome back!  
@microlau Depends if there's anyone interested to hire me. Is NCS hiring? 
@microsoft_cares Ah, I was wondering about that link. Either way I'm not getting it - PC is happy w/ XP &amp; my Mac is even happier with OSX 
@MicrowaveMan Much too hot to cook..Have a nice salad or a stir fry with a nice cold beer.... 
@middleclassgirl &quot;my clothes are crap because all my money goes to staff, marketing and servers&quot; line .... may work in SF but not Syd! 
@middleclassgirl @fiascowines Oh, I will. 
@middleclassgirl excellent, that's always a win..  i'm just dealing with a small clique of passive-aggressive, resistant managers.. 
@middleclassgirl If they are putting a blind guy on dancing with the stars anything is possible... 
@MiderSpunky Yep, shoulder.  Good to see you here! Requested the first 2 books in the series; they're  at the library for me to pick up.
@MiDesfileNegro i couldnt remember the word for trouser in german so i jst went ah shit  gd timesssl
@MiDesfileNegro SERIOUSLY?!?? that's funny  I love The Jetset Life Is Gonna Kill You.
@MiDesfileNegro Still?* Oh honey why do u think that ? Youre really beautiful I looked your other pics  Really cute...
@Midficial So seriously, when a woman is mad, it is usually for a good cause, no?  tell me I am right!!!!!  
@midgetmeg HI MEG! @mileycyrus Life's a climb but the view is great. 
@midgetmum I give up hoping that the forecasts will be right, most of the year. But when they promise me sun, I want them to be right! 
@midgetmum that sounds perfect!! Nice had perfect weather. Shopped, walked. sat on beach and drank G&amp;T's in a hotel beach bar 
@midgette08 I want whatever someone wants to make me  I just find anklets sexy in the summer 
@midgette08 yea you!! so happy you won too! natneagle.youtube@gmail.com email me your address so I can get these goodies to you 
@Midgley  acting stuff ? re : Jenni- now I understand 
@Midgley Sounds like a busy day weres @jennifalconer at ? are you goin to Manc 4 this secret acting job ?? 
@midiosa because you are better than them 
@midknightsmusee grats on your purchase 
@midlifechick &quot;They are in our faces at every turn and we don't. . see them&quot;  I've been accused of seeing them EVERYWHERE for many years. 
@midlifechick Absolutely! I think my hubby is brilliant also!  Historic Conservatives find common ground &amp; roots in ages past: Blog ht ...
@midlifechick Absolutely.  Very long To-Do list but that one is very near the top...
@midlifechick Gotcha &amp; will plug away on it 
@MidNight_Black hey there good morning to u 
@midnight_eden Thanks, as soon as I finished the one I am working on right now, I will add it as well. 
@Midnight_Eyes heck yes! It's the worlds largest johnsonville bratfest after all 
@midnight_sun007. 10  and kinda hanging out is he's here but i'm not talking too him
@midnightamatory Me too. :&quot;&gt; 
@midnightevent - i hate u! lady gaga followed you, hmmmph!  jk
@midnightstories The pleasure was ours. Seriously. I love reading your daily stories! Thank YOU. 
@MidnightSunCo Do it. 
@midnightsunco Of course! 
@Midnightview 
@midsomerlover I'm afraid I don't watch MM :s I'm guessing I'm just all over the Fry world, and that's why the name seems similar 
@midwestguest Excellent. I totally missed that one. Nice catch and catchy title-but I always thought it was plural or possessive. 
@mieows lols. Maybe a bit more blogging would have sorted that problem 
@mietzmietz 'programmaufruf' was the correct spelling. I always think it's wrong too 
@Mievolution bout time, lol and Tiara Darbae awwww click click 
@miffmelon 
@miffmelon Yes 
@Mifio Clever man, that was the Myth-Busters quote I was going off, but I thought I changed it up enough that no-one would recognise it. 
@Mig177 yes I can play mahjong but not often. My fiance plays a lot but I'm too slow to play with her 
@Mig177 You sir are a lazy ass 
@migaruler No problem  Keep on voting! 
@Migdesigner my folks live in cushing...last house on Pleasant point. I'll be @ much of the MiA...look for me 
@miggyblahblah08 WOW:i can tell that you really want to be a Bedan again 
@MiggyfromPOUT BLOOMing great idea  hehe...
@Miggyseize  me too 
@MightBeMarissa Go ask your dad 
@mightmaxfundy i hope that means its good lol!!! theres def nothin else out! wish u was up here u was my movie partner 
@Mighty_Righty Love your twitter name 
@mightydinosaur I assume there's some intended/unintended irony in your tweet? 
@mightymag ehh look at the bright side, ah lian hair might be attractive also :X show us photo 
@mightymama1 aww! Seriously? Thank you! It's a beautiful piece. And homegrown.... 
@mightymarlz use your brain use your brain lar 
@MightyMaxFundy nd he's goin hard !! 
@mightymobility ima be over there! dont worry! and yo, whats ur email. i made some beats  lol
@mightymooo should sleep some point 
@mightymur very few people can put up bloopers and make it funny.  You, ma'am, are one of them. 
@mightymur Yeah.  I already left a message for the podiobooks support folks.  Just thought you'd like to know. 
@mightyoak I agree with @AH_from_NY, please watch that movie 
@mightyohm too funny  and those were likely some pretty early transistors too
@mightyvanessa just watched &amp; commented your video  that was awesome! how long have you been dancing for?
@mightyvanessa Ooh yum! What kinda crepes? I love strawberry crepes 
@migin it's tweetowish  hahaha
@migoi @coachdebbi?Thanks. Oh, hiccups again haha 
@migsta Your time zone is set to Hawaii  IS that where you are? Or is it where you want to be?
@MigsVuitton but you are the first one to go wow. 
@miguel you're here? 
@miguelito87 Hey..I follow you..  tnx for following me also.. 
@miguelrodriguez Yes it is beautiful here too   Going to a kayak festival and then to my daughter's soccer game  Have fun frolicking!
@miguelstdancer for me, we're all fans and we should all be together. Who wouldn't go crazy in front of their idols? we freak out! 
@miguelstdancer i really think @timmcfly is so addicted to Star Wars that he knows all the lines!It may not matter if its in spanish!haha 
@miguelstdancer we are loving it lotsss thankyou from @lalachar, @speckii and @emmalove  #miguelrequests #miguelrequests #miguelrequests
@miguelstdancer you're welcome 
@miguesme That sounds lovely. I'm glad to hear it. It's pretty dark here. 
@mihaibaloianu make sure she has a steady hand 
@mihirlakhani just reply the answer only 
@mihirmodi I remember reading about Kaziranga as a child for its one horn rhinos and poaching!! 
@Mihnea it's all about the new attitude 
@mihsp Yes, right. And speak english is really amazing! 
@miintor Hi Sadette! I have some great healthy recipes on my site: http://cli.gs/MyRecipes I'm always adding more so check often! 
@miiszquelsz shure! you wont be gettin anything iif ii do 
@miizronnie hehe  I want Jonathan Togo to grow his hair back lol
@miizronnie hello  LOL joes gone to the rsl again!
@miizronnie I'm still smilin'!  I've gotten 2 tweets from 2 famous peeps in 2 days! Other was actor from Brothers&amp;Sisters!
@miizronnie It was good, really! We laughed a lot I don't remember when I had that much fun and laughter last time  Today is just calm lol
@Mijn0 thanks 
@mika_tan are you talking about taking chance..? 
@mika_tan Have a great nap hun.  Dream a little dream for us.  
@mika_tan I know right Exact Change is crazy LMFAO  Miss you mama  lets shoot soon
@MikaCasimir wheres my follow baby? =( wheres the love..check me out..im a sexy beast!!!! 
@mikachu84 You absolutely can be bad on the weekend  That's what they're for, lol.
@mikadaboss good job 
@Mikadeemik... Surreeeee  we may be at the same place lata anywayz..we all should go after
@MikaelaNBC4 Thanks! You have a good weekend too!  Is your hair naturally curly?
@mikaelaxmk haha I get that feeling all the time =p I miss you too missy  xx
@mikaelaxmk show is so funny 
@MikaelHansson It's about bl00dy time 
@mikalamichelle thanks. 
@mikannahh You're not petite. Well, yeah. I guess he's got a sense of humor.  I owe you a package, check your mail soon. I promise...
@mikap  we have coffee and cookies ready for you  
@mikasounds #MIKA LOVERS Good morning http://bit.ly/kik4O   Smile and it will be given 
@mikasounds are you on the plane now?  have a good flight Mika!  xx
@mikasounds hi mika good luke in bireln =D . can you please do a gig in canada this summer in july 
@mikasounds thanx for taking so much time to talk to everbody &amp; signing my iPhone. Pls say Dan thanx for the pic  http://yfrog.com/2sjqaj
@mikayla918 You are 100% correct. 
@Mikaylaa Yes please. That sounds amazing. ily 
@mike_feng Hi there   off to fix my iPhone...*crossingmyfingers*
@Mike_Garces lol, I would like to think so. But I still have to get more lightbulbs. 
@Mike_Greening .Man - you need to get back on the horse. 
@mike_rawlins you might want to send the website URL  via a 'd' 
@Mike_Seddon You want @JoannaButler - her site is tiptop: http://www.searchenginechocolate.com/blog/ has some good info 
@mike_walsh about hunting: i went with my grandfather when i was a kid. fun was not shooting but hanging out. no need for a gun for that 
@mike_walsh Oh boy, I can't wait for revenge on years of ribbing! I mean, welcome Mike! 
@Mike_Wesely I am a born again Christian are tyou too? 
@Mike_Wesely Thank you  Doing good so far! But need better shoes! lol
@Mike_White Heck yea, we sourced some tasty local pies. Pizza can have local ingredients. 
@mike_wood No problem, Mike! You deserve it! 
@Mike32Thomas thats what its about..enjoying life....im glad u are..and im trying to do the same 
@mike3k ah cool thanks, will give that a try next time 
@mike9r Hey, how's the Beak development going?  Love the app, but the crashes are getting to be a bit much.  Looking forward to new ver! 
@mike9r Newly downloaded version out of date. You probably already now this but hey, I might be of help 
@mikeadmani follow this man because he can make u famous and a better person at the same time! my kinda guy 
@mikeamacdonald ew yes .. text mee sometime ! lets hangout 
@MikeAndMals Yeah. The boyfriend and I have been having bad financial luck for a couple months now. 
@mikeant hi sweetie! 
@mikeanywhere sure do  and im trying to write my degree statment too, proving difficult getting across what I want to say! hows u??
@MikeArellano Happy Birthday Mike! Hope you enjoy yourself! 
@MikeArthur that sounds ominously like you enjoy asphyxiation. careful you don't end up with autoerotic asphyxiation syndrome 
@mikebailey01 Do you want Susan Boyle to win? It seems like the whole world is rooting for her. 
@mikebairos we don't have tix just going to attend festivities 
@mikebarnes5 Thanks! 
@mikebaronowski Whee, welcome to Twitter 
@mikebilleter It's honestly the least I could do.  You guys are the ones doing the hard work.  Keep it up! 
@MikeBissett good Bissett. This news makes me happy. I'm playing the sims 3 tomorrow. Text me when you're out 
@mikeBithell Leamington's Got Talent 
@mikebladen im coming to this little party  see you thereee :]x
@mikeboyd A few chuckles in there and a lot of thank God's as well!  Thanks 
@Mikebristol @a40oz4Breakfast Hey Mike, I think he means Bryce. Dunno who Co-Flo is, haha. I'm glad to be back for summer, too! 
@mikebrower when I write I mostly listen to Baroque classical music. It's supposed to stir your soul and generate creative juices! 
@MikeBuckington thanks!!  i'll follow u 2
@mikebutcher good talking with you - here's a photo of you  http://twitpic.com/5oovd
@mikebutcher Prostitute 
@MIKEBxREIGN that's a dope asss name huh?? Crystal berrry!! 
@MikeCanDoIt Yes! That's awesome! It's summer lighting in red &amp; green. It goes with the blooming flowers! HAH. 
@mikecane Thanks following and thanks for the plug 
@mikecane Told you so.  Don't you trust @svinge and I?
@mikecashcash no. Not weird.  Cute.  Would be better if you were serenading a female in your room htough.
@MikeChaneyNews Awww, congrats to Noah!  You have a right to be proud.  
@MikeChaneyNews He sounds like a sharp kiddo.  Thankfully for him, the apple fell far from the tree...  I keed, I keed.  Just pickin'.  
@MikeChaneyNews I said WBIO b/c that's the station I listen to.  I was going to ask if you recorded all possible temps at once... 
@MikeChaneyNews You can post my twitter name!  
@mikechantry - also might as well let u know im a direct response designer 
@mikechauliac So do you have any major issues? I hear the UI isnt the greatest, surfing is good? Any complaints at all? 
@mikechav Dope! ps props on the kick mixing vid dope technique I will prolly use all the time now. waitin for more 
@mikecheung I agree - in that respect they are cool. I think I just need to adjust my habits more than anything 
@mikecheung Link pls? Thanks 
@mikecheung well that hurts. LOL! I'm still alive, aren't I?  Cooking some chicken stir fry.
@MikeChiappetta you seem to be multi-tasking very well 
@mikechitty maybe the greedy babies ?? 
@mikechitty well, one can be a good egg and shrewd investor at the same time! You'll just do your business with a smile on your face 
@mikecj : Interesting.. so what if it happened for few minutes only..  Miracles do happen right?
@mikecj @chrisgarrett yes you're right, I can't access it either, Chris, can you? 
@mikecj Really nice weather you have! The sky is blue here in Helsinki too. Makes you wish you were outside rather than in an office... 
@mikecj Will do! Thanks for reminding me - certainly helps with the teamwork aspect  Lol - loved the bra size comment. That cracked me up!
@mikecmusic bagels on the Hudson! salmon lox with cream cheese, free delivery 
@mikecmusic thanks!  madison's was good but came a big soggy, guess i should expect that w delivery
@mikeconaty 
@mikeconaty fantastic - right back at ya - we just doubled our chances 
@mikeconaty Oooh food fight?! 
@MikeConway I said &quot;app store&quot; in the tweet. That would be the clue.  http://cli.gs/HLaPBq
@MikeCosper hmmmm making me hungry. I forgive you. 
@mikecoulter Bet on the Final, Get ï¿½25 cashback if your bet loses  http://tinyurl.com/qhoq8j
@mikecoulter Thanks Mike  @decobloom gets a little lonely every now and then.
@mikedavis50322 Ahhhhhh, yes! Another Lovecraftian!!! 
Off from work today!!!!!!Yea!!!!!!! It's beautiful out!!!!! I'm LOVIN today 
Off from work. Birthday errands now.  happy birthday mormon.
Off from work. Going to visit @kwazii 
OFF FROM WORK. thank God. 
off home  finally!
Off home now. Dad's birthday surprise... Don't worry, he's no twitterer 
off home then, bed!!! night all!! til 2moro!!  happy wednesday 4 2moro!! xo
off home tomorrow, birthday in 3 days,  watching iron man in bluray tonight, 
Off I go to fail a Critical Thinking exam and to see Star Trek! 
Off I go to work.  May you all have a great day.  I must focus my energies on priorities, money and the mundane. 
Off in search of a vanilla latte. Last day of the month, so make it matter.  http://blip.fm/~7djnj
off in to town to meet up for a pizza with my friend later 
Off into bristol to see some suits 
Off into darkest middle class Cheshire for lunch with peachy. Better than Oasis in the rain with the daughter 
Off into uni this morning to see my tutor; who is fast becoming my hero! 
Off JB 
off kayaking in the COLD with @bossy_bear &amp; @robccfc - its gonna be cold but at least I look good 
off line - @Epigrammist catch ya later - hope back not too bad 
off now 
off now to guitar lesson  any suggestions for what i should ask to learn?
Off now! Tweet ya tomorrow 
off now, going to NTNU 
off now. catch you all later. have a good evening 
off of twitter till later 
Off of work and headed to the store to get things for dinner  Yay for nights in with my awesome hubby!!!
Off of work ready to relax at home. Ahh!!! 
off on a walk with Erika 
Off out for a walk on the beach soon  maybe to shops as we're out of ice lollies (bad, very bad)
Off out for foodles 
off out in to the glorious sun to top up me tan 
Off out now, tweeps - lunch with my daughter at hers, and the chance to use her iron on me new clothes for Greece - ours has gone AWOL... 
Off out shopping woop!  Back later 
Off out to enjoy the weather. 
off out to get a spray tan test done, back in an hour  x
Off out to meet up with the crew for the video shoot of tomorrow's training ride  Well, when I say video crew.... ;-)
Off out to play pitch and putt! 
Off out walking. Tweet you all later 
Off out with Luke, Theresa and a bunch of others 
Off out with my best mate later whoop! And its sunny! 
off out with the girls  byeeee
Off outt too doo some shoppingg withh @Jadeyyg 
Off sailing 
Off school today, Happy May Day. 
Off shooping in Manchesterrrrr 
Off Shooting A Film Today- Photoshoot Got Cancelled, Stupid Weather. Oh well, Next week is another 
off shopping, mum's treating me yass for Primark 
Off shopping. Westfields 
Off tha internet now Txt it 
off that heen tho... for those who don't know, that's my otha bestfriend 
Off the chart! @Sydsvenskan presenterar morgondagens temperatur... http://twitpic.com/6caaz 
Off the computer. Texxxt me cute kids 
Off the ship and still have my sea legs, I'm walkn around like a drunk ass , wait a couple hours when I am drunk 
Off til Wed. 
off to  sleepyland  i  go  tweet  yall  l8ter 
Off to #MEC to pick up a more ergonomic bicycle seat. 
Off to #mobaduk for my monthly fix of superlatives 
Off to @diametricdreams house 
Off to @MINM 
Off to @Rings_Things, whee   I plan to spend alllll my allowance ;)
Off to 608 tonight, maybe seeing him, then maybe to alyssas  got my new camera, excited to take lots of pictures with my friends. Xoxo 
Off to a birthday BBQ soon. But it's raining and cold! Could be a loooooong aftternoon 
Off to a doctor's appt. in Calgary. I have a TEAM of doctors, this time.  Doesn't that make me sound important? Haha.
Off to a dr. appointment.  great use of a lunch hour 
Off to a few graduation parties after mowing two lawns back to back and working from 6am to 1pm. Could busy be the word? Why yes it is! 
off to a next work week.. seems to become 'normal'.. not too stressy 
Off to a party. See you all later tonight 
off to a vocal lesson soon 
off to a yummy dinner party  yum yum yum! Happy birthday Uncle Jimmy!
Off to Adam's birthday BBQ. Time to be no.1 Auntie 
Off to Amsterdam for major presentation on Corizon at an Insurance company. It's going to be fun 
Off to Amsterdam gonna have dinner at Teuns place! 
Off to another day of school. Taking my Geometry final today. 1st and 2nd period. Wish me luck. 
Off to aqua aerobics shortly, exciting 
off to Austin for brothers birthday  
Off to Aveda, and to fix my guitar 
off to bamboozle! 
off to Bar pizaa, New Haven CT, for a meeting... great pizza 
off to baseball then the gym 
Off to baseball tomorrow. Nite all! 
off to BathCamp 
Off to be a dinner guest! 
Off to be or at least try to fall asleep. Still wide awake but I got to work in the morning. Sweet dreams everyone 
Off to beach soon  Flatbreads were tooooo fit!
off to bed    *yawns*   #squarespace
Off to bed  , its like 2 in the morning here .. and i have school tommorow ...oops
Off to bed  I'm exhausted.
off to bed  Listening to Girls Aloud on my iPod, &quot;Its Just a Fling baby, Fling baby â™«&quot;  Shopping in the morning yeyy!!
off to bed  need my sleep  love you xx
off to bed  niiiiiiight x
off to bed , good night 
Off to bed , night tweeters 
Off to bed after an amazing weekend and ready for the new week to begin 
Off to bed before my eyes roll out of their sockets onto the table. Sweet dreams to all. Wishing a better day tomorrow for Rob 
off to bed early today..playing in a local soccer league tomorow and need to get some sleep..maybe Ill score a goal tomorow, who knows 
Off to bed early tonight Whoo! Im still excited about the Lakers. NBA Championships yall!  They truly deserve it.
off to bed early... finally, for the first time in a whiiileee! Goodnight 
Off to bed everyone, sweet dreams. See me tomorrow 
off to bed for an hour  good night tweets..
Off to bed gotta start work @ 5 drivin to nowra doin an overniter hope it's not too cold so I keep gettin better 
off to bed I go.. good night this time.. promise 
Off to bed I go...have a great evening, twitter folks- y'all are wonderful  
off to bed I go..have a great Mom's Day all you moms!  
off to bed kinda  sweet dreams nighty night xx
Off to bed my twitter tweets...sweet dreams to one &amp; all!  (I think this heat is getting to me)
Off to bed now &gt;_&lt; good night twitter pals 
Off to bed now! G'night everyone 
Off to bed now. Bye bye Twitter World.  @DrewPonesFan Good night Belly. P.S Change ton nick, trop long a Ã©crire, s'pas cool. ^^
off to bed now. gnight twitter. 
Off to bed now. Gotta get up early to have breakfast with some lovely people 
off to bed now. having exam at 8am. n heyy, lee taemin is mine. goodnight.  lol. n ah-ta too.
off to bed now... bye everyone. God Bless us all always... 
Off to bed now... Going out to lunch tomorrow with @AmyAmber23 and Julie! 
off to bed now... nytynyt tweety tweet tweets... 
off to bed to dream about @charlotteord ha ha  night tweeps 
Off to bed to enjoy the cold night. Will snuggle under the covers, watch a good Romantic Comedy, and then fall asleep listening to music 
off to bed to watch @Rove1974 and prepare for Term 2. I'll be back in the land of the living some time in June 
Off to bed verrry sleep   Goodnight everyonee 
Off to bed! GAME &amp; TOMORROW 
Off to bed! Goodnight twitterbugs 
off to bed! The Crosstown Classic has begun Cubs Vs. Sox! Going to the game later on today  LET'S GO CUBBIES :-D
off to bed&lt;3 goodnight 
off to bed, after attacking the beer  lol Jerry knows what I'm talking about 
off to bed, and to watch TV! 
off to bed, but won't be sleeping anytime soon 
Off to bed, night all 
off to bed, or to my xbox.. i don't know yet. so siked for tomorrow!  514 subs&lt;3 I love every one of you! night.
off to bed, so tired. glad i'll miss school tomorrow though, aha 
off to bed, tomorrow i'm going to the swap meet.....  good nite!
off to bed, work in the morning with the bestie yay (not lol) im soooo tirex good night god bless yall 
Off to bed.  Lots of fun things to do tomorrow with both kids. Night all. 
off to bed. dentist tomorrow and then  going to a demetri martin show!! i'm sooo excited! 
Off to bed. EW. School photos tomorrow. My last one ever. THANKGOD. I swear they edit them to make you look worse! Night. 
off to bed. goodnight! 
Off to bed. Just watched the Atlantis launch  Very cool. Wish I could go to space... Night then. xxx
Off to bed. Night 
Off to bed. 'Night 
Off to bed. Night all  x
