is looking forward to camping 
is looking forward to celebrating tomorrow with those she cares about 
is looking forward to Champions Day at Old Trafford on Sunday - any journalists that would like to attend please tweet me 
is looking forward to everyone coming round tonight 
is looking forward to Extreme rules. But wishes there was someone else in the Diva match! 
is looking forward to football training tonight then seeing his old buddy Norman 
is looking forward to gogo dancing and doing pole tricks at her new job 
is looking forward to going OS... 7 weeks 
is looking forward to going to Stone Mountain later 
I'm so sleepy and I realized I only open my twitter acount every Saturday. hahaha 
I'm so sleepy I think I'm going to take a nap 
I'm so sleepy now...g'night! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to your Mother, Mama, Ma, Mommy (whatever you call them. LoL) from Mie! 
I'm so sleepy! Still not at home but we are done with our proyect and couldn't be more happy and proud  love u @chochiq and @pipepips
im so sleepy, im going to sleep now. Goodnight; &amp; i updated my blogspot 
I'm so sleepy, im signing off now  goodnight people. We have our review's general reinforcement tom  I hope im not going to be late tom.
just ate fat shit kfc and is now watching pink 
Just ate half a block of chocolate. I am such a fattttyyyyy 
just ate hot champorado.. yummy! 
Just ate like. . . 1/3 a cup of Craisins  Got my 1 fruit serving. On to chicken alfredo!
just ate lunch.. today's viand is really delicious.. my favorite dish.. 
just ate me some bosaa doughnuts lol i lovvveeee bosa doughnuts  they ruleeee
Just ate my lunch outside in the glorious sunshine! Its days like today I love working in the countryside 
just ate olive garden with evelyne &amp; chris. 
just ate pizza and wings in the office for our property manager's birthday!! yum yum! i love birthdays! stop by and tell her hi! 
Just ate some amazing cheesecake. 
just ate some cold watermelon 
Just ate some French Toast! :&gt;  )
Just ate some great food! Fajitas de pollo con queso melted!!!! 
just ate some homemade tacos that my mom made 
Just ate some oatmeal.. it was delicious 
Just ate some what of a Kit Kat  lol it's a random tweet haha!
Just ate some yummy bisquet (sp?) and scrambled eggs. 
Just ate subways &amp;drank OJ that Steven dropped off 
Just ate sushi, yum! And today was my little performance, singing class.  I'm uploading a clip on YouTube as we speak, so you'll see it 
Just ate the first strawberry out of our yard. YUM! Thanks @pdxj for filling our yard with yummy fruit! 
just ate the meal of a lifetime w. dessert.  .&amp;&amp;. just walked it off with my friends.
Just ate the most delicious Boneless Buffalo Chicken Salad at chilis. Great way to wrap up Wedding weekend. 
is looking forward to her baby shower tomorrow! 
Is looking forward to her week-end.... Bluey Day...House Party... Moving out... Lots to do. 
is looking forward to later 
is looking forward to leaping out of a plane, in 3 weeks time. 
Is looking forward to lunch 
is looking forward to our visitor @Marichan who will be arriving this afternoon! 
is looking forward to playing tennis and volleyball on the weekend 
is looking forward to Reggae Wednesdays @ Churchill's resuming... June 17th no cover.  Be there ...whether or not square 
Is looking forward to seeing Boyzone tonight at the NIA Arena 
is looking forward to seeing some blasts from the past tonight!! 
is looking forward to spending the day in the sun while everyone else is at school/college 
is looking forward to spending time with her friends at the beach tomorrow!!     ;; let's just hope i don't get burned!
is looking forward to spending time with Mom today 
is looking forward to Stephen's magic Taco's tonight  Sorry about the minging spag bol last night.. the thought of it makes me want to vom
is looking forward to the apprentice final tonight 
is looking forward to the coming week...imagine the possibilities 
is looking forward to the iPhone 3.0 software update tomorrow 
is looking forward to the long weekend!! 2 sleeps to go! 
is looking forward to the turn out of events this week.  http://plurk.com/p/ozd42
is looking forward to the weddingparty today! 
Is looking forward to the weekend 
is looking forward to this evening hack, and this evening in general  all packed and pritty much ready to go go go
is looking forward to this my day off and doing assorted wonderfulness aka shopping 
is looking forward to today 
is looking forward to todays church service. Pastor says it will be good. (And since I'm married to him, I believe him!  )
is looking forward to todays dress fitting to @picklestick6 
is looking forward to tomorrow   It's my birthday whoop whoop
Is looking forward to tomorrow. Not only did my Windows open..so did the Gates 
is looking forward to tonight 
Is looking forward to tonite 
is looking forward to yet another day lounging about in the sun 
is looking forward too the apprentice. kate FTW 
Is looking forward too the summer! Andd... myy birthday ovc 
is looking forword to David Archulet'as set at Manchester  
is looking how to use realtek 8111/8169 with ubuntu server 8.04 LTS 
is looking into Boise State. 
Is looking into buying a BMW 128i coupe because she works hard at the gym and thinks I should be able to buy soemthing nice for myself 
is looking toward to tuesday   &lt;3
is looooooving the smoking ban in NC  its about time!
is lost here.  bye 
Is lovin him like crazay!  ooh yeah! hehe
is lovin just the sound of rain while driving in her car...sometimes you just gotta turn the music off. 
is lovin my new hair color 
Is Lovin my TARHEELS right now!!! Up and about on this cold spring day at least there is no rain 
is lovin the sun ..happy days xx  xx&lt;3 xx
is lovin the sun 2day  x
is loving @IvyBean104 Twittering like a beauty at 104! Legend! follow her 
Is loving Adrians singing on Wasted Years on the Flight 666 soundtrack 
Is loving being a mummy  wish I had more sleep though sighh
is loving being back in her own bed tonight... finally 
is loving big brother!  yeeey!
is loving britains got talent  i love aidan davis and diversity so either of them 2 win  
is loving FF5 so much right now! 
is loving having a day off, even if the skies are grey. they'll clear. 
is loving having Jake the bull mastiff pup here &lt;3  thanks for reading xo
Is loving his 72 cans of kopparberg for download  THANKYOU IKEA!!!!
is LOVING Kasabian's 'Fire'  a lot, ever since I first heard it cpl months ago! 
is loving KL and thinks the food is amazing and can't stop eating. i will be fat by the time i come home. 
is loving lasagna bed building for her garden! Bring on the compost 
is loving layin in bed with her boy. We playing burnout revenge on xbox &amp; just being stupid. I want chocolate slice  &lt;3
is loving lazy summer days 
is loving life in sydney   
I'm so sleepy... house full of nieces and nephews and the cook has got The Eagles at full volume on this breezy Sunday morning!! 
I'm so so happy!!  Look! my moth emerged!! http://moonlightandhares.blogspot.com/
im so sorry if my english are not soo good cause im begginer 
i'm so sorry my dear friends ... but he made it eventually, he he .. 
I'm so tanned from the beach , yeah 
I'm so Taylor Swift and Katy Perry. Love them. 
Is loving life right now! I have the best job, best friends and best life in NYC on the planet! I am truly blessed  Love it!
is loving Mortal Combat right now! 
Is loving my husband, daughter, and all my fb girlfriends!!! Those of u who encouraged me when down I greatly appreciate it 
is loving my life &amp;&amp; the precious ppl in it 
is loving my random life 
is loving our life back at home 
Is loving 'Royal Pains'  awesome show!!!
is loving Selena Gomez's new fan cell!!!! u just call and leave a message and she listens to them! she even responds LIVE to some!!! lol 
is loving sunshine driving; even washed the motor 
is loving the British weather at the minute! Makes a change.. Just got back from Rother Valley, been with the JJ Massive and Milo  x
is loving the fact that it is hot today! 
is loving the home improvements her hubby did while she was gone this week 
is loving the hott weather &amp; her little tan  back from salon and feels ready for summer &amp; her holiday !!!!
is loving the lazy sunday she has in front of her 
is loving the soundtrack of GLEE more and more. 
is loving the sun and is actually tanning 
is loving the sun still  get my puppy in 12 days woohoo 
is loving the sunny weather 
is loving the sunshine 
is loving the sunshine state and the NEW MOON TRAILER! 
is loving the sunshine today! 
is loving the sunshine, loving having slept, loving life in general 
is loving the unvailing her hidden blessings!  &lt;3
is loving the way life is turning out for her &amp; knows everything will be just fine 
is loving the weather  x
Is loving the weather ;D hmmmm tan! sunbathing beer and bbq, pure happs  excitement for next weekend too. ;D
is loving the weather and is going outside to do some revision!! 
is loving the weather(Y)(#)    i will be sunbathing later!! 
is loving the weather, and has got nooooo more homework!!! 
is loving this saturday!! 
is loving this sunshiny day!!! 
is loving this weather and sunbathing!  Ohhh yesssss!
is loving this weather! Hopefully going to tan and read twilight 
is loving twitter 
Is loving UO SA Beta so far  can't wait for it's release.
is lovingg summer!! 
Is Lovinn Roryy Wilsonn (Y) Bestiiee For Evaa  Bub Is Gawjuss
is lucky to be loved by so many people 
is lukin forwards to a girly sleepover with Kin 
is luvn it! 
Is lying in bed and doesn't wanna get up (for the second time) 
Is lying in the sun  who knew it could be this sunny in southend 
is made of win 
is made up for Diversity! They were brilliant!! 
is make a creatiivity  http://plurk.com/p/xk1u7
Is makin hilar videos with mara!!! 
Is making a paper chain as a countdown. Ah...the good ole days 
is making a pot of tea 
is making alfredo 
is making an msn, just for her fans.. 
is making anooother stupid video 
Is making bad decisions 
Is making biscuits and gravy, and no not the can kind! 
is making Chinese Dumplings. Yah, the dumpling festival is over, but what you gonna do? Sue us? 
is making cookies with Nanny to send to Clay.  
Is making corn on the cob! YUM 
is making cupcakes with the girrrrls today  go jesus go.
is making herself a cup of moccha to prepare for a long night  determined to finish urinary system !
Is making ice cream sundaes 
is making my way up the Turnpike. South Jersey dudes have no swag. I need to get @ my Northern Jersey/NY dudes 
just ate tommys chili cheese  fries  was good
Just ate whole grain rice sushi....not very tasty....but super healthy 
just attempted to do homework, gave up before writing one word 
just awake ...  it was hart to get out of bed but i did it  xoxoxo
just awake ... it was hard to get out of bed but i did it  xoxoxo
just awake from my nap, and now lunch time 
just awaked from an wonderful night. 
Just awoke!  Lmao, next put my order inside the brown bin :| It came pretty quickly seeing as I ordered it 20 hours ago.
just b/c you graduate and move away, no matter how far, feelings still follow... but that doesn't mean I won't try to outrun them 
just back from a gr8 walk under a cloudless blue heaven. Life's wonderful at the moment, enyoing the sun with my perfect friends &amp; family 
Just back from a long-weekend... had a great time 
Just back from amazing dinner at Xi'an in Summertown. Veggie San choy bau is unbeatable. Off to bed for early flight. Will tweet from USA 
is making pancakes and more 
is making pasta sauce 
is making plans for her anniversary 
Is making sam a rite aid hat 
Is making smores by candle lite. Learned this livin in Chicago and power was out. 
is making something for LEAH JUNIA  http://plurk.com/p/ytkun
is making the most out of what's given to me. Gets me through the day 
is marveling at all the good little things in her life,I justlove taking time to appreciate all thatI am grateful for 
is masking her face as a form of procrastination 
is meant to be revising  but Hot Fuzz is too tempting
is meant to be studying outside the Dogana 
is meeting becky in abit 
is meeting Phil Smith for a chat 
is meeting Tony Hazell today  Tony and I worked together at Deloittes on Local Government things and I haven't seen him since.
is messing around with Dylan 
I's Miller time a the Pealer House 
is missed 
is missin Dj RS' set, m so sorry friend, but you knw i luv you to bits 
is missing davek &amp; having a boy around- but i still love my mommy 
Is missing her husband, 7-9 days to go. I cant wait to see him. jojo's are so bigggg  and sleeping through the night, WHOO!
is missing him so much but i get to see his gorgeous face soon!!!  im so happy!
is missing olivia and jay  just saw a cute video though of olivia playing in her swing ;)
Just back from an extra fun Maths exam! (No really, I enjoy maths exams  )
just back from another 6mile cycle  nearly blinded myself with a fly who decided to take a swim in my eye... lol!
Just back from Applyby Horse Fair 
Just back from CKS,bought many junkfoods.ME LIKE IT 
Just back from Club Noir, Awesome night! 
just back from dinner lol 
just back from Jamie's. Good night. 
just back from KSME9 supper.  Happily full up. Thanx People for joing us the company tonight. 
Just back from Marwell Zoo - expensive, but a lovely day.  Ellie's favorite was the elephants, odd, cos there weren't any. 
just back from maui. what an awesome trip...  thanks again @mitchachu and @willioh! love you both.
just back from my afternoon walk  getting more motivated :-D
just back from outside, now just being bored.. andy body knows something? 
Just back from shooting a end of year school group shot. All happy  @eyeblinks happy with the exposure too!
just back from SuperCheap - a most successful trip. The bikes are tanked &amp; checked for the week, so all ready to start relaxing 
just back from the city and I am now the proud owner of a notebook  now I can even watch CP videos and GB pics in bed and write my story.
just back from the Dogs Trust 
Just back from the Dr Who exhibition - apart from falling over inside a Dalek it was a good laugh!! 
Just back from the gym now relaxing in the sun 
Just back from the picnic... what a perfect day. And my friend brought his cute cousin along, just to make it even more perfect 
im so thankful for those who know how to make me smile 
I'm so thankful that R. Scoble invented &quot;real time web&quot;! I'm joshin'  Unless he actually did. re: http://ff.im/3Fw5T
i'm so thirsty. have a drink? 
im so tierd. im looking forward to tomorrow   &amp;carlos hella took care of me.silly me. it felt like sunday. i took the best shower today&lt;3
I'm so tired but i can't sit still!! maybe i'll go for a jog...down the street and back of course 
im so tired from salsa ruella last nite but i cant sleep 
is missing the sun being stuck inside, the quciker assignments are done the sooner i can enjoy the sun 
Is Monday.  Had a good weekend so the week doesn't look too bad from here.  Smile!  
is most likely the biggest fan of @dennishaysbert. i absolutely love him in the unit &amp; 24. 
Is mostly up and ready for work 
Is moved in. 
is moved, unpacking, and going steady with aforementioned EMT. 
is moving from England BACK to California in 22 days!  really excited 
is moving house 
Is moving in 3 weeks!  I finally know where I'm going to be living during Summer hols. Then after that, househunting again for Uni!  JOY
is moving to California in two years!! 
Is moving to sunny Liverpool this arvo  niiiiice X x X
is Mr. Manhattan 
just back from walking the dog. 
Just back home from a little gathering with some old friends.. It was really fun, they're still the same. 
just back home, bought a skateboard 
Just back in time to see Button win  Now sorting out bits and pieces. When I'm done, then i can write! 
Just bagged herself a free sky plus box and an awesome deal!  good times
Just baked Chocolate cake and Chocolate Chip Biki's YUM 
Just baked some chocolate chip cookies!  yum!
just baked something delicious for the most amazing girl in the world 
Just be back from surprising my boyfriend! He was so happy and I am so delighted now  Hope he finishes soon and has time to come around 
just be prepared, you will not ever do so!    Thank you.  Have a great night
Just beat everyone at monopoly in economics!  25 points for meeeee.
just beat nancy in an inflatable jousting match 
just became a member of @fronteers 
Just became fan of #Razorlight, after hearing Wire to Wire song. Need to get my hands on their latest album. Hey, one's never too old... 
just because I'm awake it doesn't mean I have to get out of bed. staying here all morning 
Just because ones lifestyle is different than yours does not mean you cant get along 
Just because you're &quot;The King&quot; doesn't mean you're gonna get special treatment from the refs. 
just beeen to the gym xD 
Just been called a sweet gal by an old lady  gotta love em
Just been chatting all about O2 Broadband  - I'm very impressed 
is multitasking to great lengths and it's fun atm. Mixing work with play. Yay. 
is multitasking.  Watching Sadie, doing laundry and making bows / flowers for my Sadie's summer outfits!  Fun, fun, FUN!
is munching away at strawberries and ice cream yumm  
Is munching on a knopper 
is munching on an apple  &quot;I'm healthy!&quot;
is my lips like sugar  Facebook &amp; Twitter.. my addiction!
is my new picture better than the old one ??? I don't know it.. 
is my weekend  relax. relax for 2 days 
is NALILITO NAHIHILO.  http://plurk.com/p/xlhv4
Is nearly at the bus station in Eindhoven 
is needing to clean his room...but not really wanting to...i'm so lazy! 
Is nervous.. 15 minutes and i'll find out what this is about... And don't worry twitter, you'll be the first to know 
is nervously (and very excitedly!) counting down the days until she will be reunited with her bf. 
is new 2 Twiitter. . . needs some help on gettiing started!!  X
Is New 2 Twitter...So Hello All  x
is new at twitter.....already addicted! 
is new here!!! care to add me????  http://plurk.com/p/1146k5
is new on here trying to figure out twitterr! 
is new on twitter. so hello! 
is new to twitter and doesn't have a clue what to do 
is new to twitter!! 
is new to twitter. offerings of HELP, are warmly welcomed  hahaha.
Is new.. trying out twitter for fun 
Is newly tattooed, waiting for a train back to London 
is no longer employed by the Colorado Fiscal Policy Institute. What a year it's been 
Is no longer in highschool! And im now with the most amazing people ever. 
Is noddin off yesss got my twitter on my phone working again hehe  night tweeties...x
Is nomming on strawberries and cream 
is noow calmmm  eating polvoron .. yuumm
is not at school today cos felt so ill this morning.  had a long heart to heart with my mum  were lots of tears, but now things are sorted
just been danicng 
Just been 'double dared' haha this is gonna be an interesting experience 
Just been emailed by someone I've unfollowed asking why. That is *weird*. If I unfollow you, please don't do that  It's just a time thing!
Just been enjoying this wonderful but rare weather we are having 
Just been filling water bombs...I can hear peels of laughter from the garden  (I shall watch from the window!)
Just been for a lovely drive in te sunchine 
Just been for a nice walk along the Cam 
Just been for a nice walk up in the hills.  Feeling nicely tired now. Maybe a snooze on the sofa is in order 
just been for a run in the sun, it was so fun! ;) off to meet with my production team! 
Just been forwarded a hoax email for a 'free lap top' from a client. The hoax is NINE years old!!! But can't bear to burst their bubble 
Just been given a free subscription to Microsoft Technet 
Just been looking at my home video footage...*embarrassing*! 
Just been looking through holiday photos from last summer. Really looking forward to Florida now. About a month to go 
Just been looking through my old tweets, ahhh i miss some of them dayss 
Just been on a spending spree at Burtons. And I didn't have to pay a penny. My kinda shopping 
Just been on the bus behind the funniest old women ever! All they did was talk about thrie undying love for Brad Pitt. Bless 
just been out and was quite crap :\ , eating toast on jam , drinking tea and watching bigbrother 
Just been out running, gonna take a shower and eat breafast soon  xx
Just been out to lunch with mum, dad and Matt. Was very nice, had a tuna Mayo jacket potato (Y) yummmyyyy 
Just been playing with an Enigma machine 
Just been reading the Dan Stewart Note &quot;Molerio - An Amazing Growth Story, But with Much More to Come&quot; 58% upside - good read 
is not feeling good. off to bed. wonder what life has in store for me tomorrow? goodnight. 
is not feeling so great but is really enjoying looking at the sunshine 
is not gonna stop going on about last night for a looooong timme 
is not in the midst of organised group activities.  win, win, win! also, liking the 'baileys &amp;...' ice-cream of mystery.
i'm so tired of spencer already mann! spencer can go get fucked in the ass  he ain't no king of television or costa rica jungle
i'm so tired today but....happy day..!!! n now ready to get sleep  goodnite love u all
im so tired! but dont want to go to bed. want to watch new ep of the hills at 9! 
I'm so tired! Off to bed now. Tomorrow's my first day off in years  what should i do??
I'm so tired, I've been training and watched films 
i'm so tired, probably going to bed soon. listening to 'a little bit longer' is getting me pumped for this summer. 
I'm so tired. Home and now for Gilmores and bed. Love you all! 
is NOT looking forward to next week. although, threeday weekend? 
is not moving herself from the flat,,shall burry myself in a good book and do some yoga 
Is not ready to Australia yet. Actually she doesn't like packing. 
Just been sat out on the grass with my MacBook and a can of Pepsi. Hope everyone's enjoying the sun as much as we are! 
Just been sent a link by @pixelcult  to a ie6 prompt update that looks like an activex warning. Sneky   http://is.gd/szi8
just been soaked by two evil little twin four year olds  was actually quite fun.
Just been talking to Sarah @btbusiness - doing great stuff for our customers 
just been to my school fate 
Just been to see Obsessed with the fellow Cackling Witches  Really happy atm 
Just been to Sophies birthday party  It was fun
Just been to the beach with Abz its roastinggg 
Just been to the Indian with a mate nice big curry now 
just been to work with dad 
Just been told am good cook yes but my baking skills are excellent. Lovely boost to my day 
Just been very impressed at this video made by people who love xkcd: http://bit.ly/L88GS  - WELL DONE! 
Just been watching the BBCseries of Robin Hood and Harry Lloyd (Will Scarlet) is making me grin like an idiot 
Just been watching the Hills, and the City. New Hills tonight! 
just being a dirty with taylor today ;D hah.. had a time last night gurl 
Just being up late 
Just being with u will make my summer. 
Just biked 5 miles with mom.. now have a nice glass of pino by the pool 
is not sure why her picture won't show up! lol, and I may have found someone who gets my humour and shares my values.. Good times 
Is not surprised that Lincoln has had an interesting day. 
is not working at all next week!  yayayayay!!
Is now a happy girl from reading the spoiler 
is now an alum(nus?) of fresno christian high school!!! 
is now at FILDIAS  http://plurk.com/p/n03es
is now at home  waahahahaha http://plurk.com/p/xmdfy
is now at home and has got her new shiny red laptop  yaayyyyyyyyyy
is now at home! (; yesterday was so awsome 
is now awake  HELLO WORLD
is now back in India 
is NOW celebrating shaun,s surprise birthday!!! 
is now employed  x
is now finishing my Cebu City Tour article. I will post the exact URL later 
is now getting ready for bed and saying good night to you all 
is now going to sleep. Magic lost *sadness*, now must wait until Saturday. Good night! 
is now going to the hairdressers instead of running due to rain 
is now her best friends maid of honor 
is now here uli  http://plurk.com/p/xo44k
Is now home from work  and feels much better!! And is trying a new Silk Milk for Lattes.
is now in boon fang's house and will heading to NHPS! 
Is now in italy 
is now in love with The Hills 
is now in Peer Helping and in ASB for next year!!! YAY 
is now in relax mode 
Is now mobile! Hahaha On my iPhone. 2 different Twitter apps.   - Jenn
is now offically in love with CObra Starship. It just helps that the lead singer is named Gabe 
Is now officially an engineer 
is now officially offline for next 6 hours. going for exam. keep me in prayers. see you twitterland after a while! 
is now ready for surgery with freshly painted toe and finger nails 
is now sitting ouside enjoying the sun 
is now the architect 
is now the proud new leaser of a Thoroughbred/Percheron gelding named Socrates  Finally back in the riding game!
Is now turnin my twitter updates off.  thanks to a certain laker fan.
Is now tweeting from Adium thanks to @jaspertandy. This will then more than likely be replaced by tweetie on Monday 
is now updating his photography album at his Multiply.  http://plurk.com/p/111cse
is now uploading vids on mulitply.  http://plurk.com/p/uhqgx
is now watching &quot;The Parfume&quot; 
Is now watching Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze. 
I'm so tired. Keep shooting, keep shooting. AHHH! 
I'm so tired. Ugh, SATs today! I'm actually not stressed out about them at all 
im so tired.. gotta cook dinner soon for my love and family 
i'm so tired.. I will sleep i think !  because tonight I will need ENERGY 
Im so tired... yesterday it was so funny 
I'm so tired...I don't feel so sick to my stomach anymore though. Guess all my nerves have calmed down. ;p I really like New Hampshire! 
Im so unbusy. Its sad....   &lt;!amazing!&gt;
is noww gonna pass out 
is OBSESSED with the lonely island.... their rude and funny 
is obssessed with my new headband! 
is of to london town  and going 2 ORACLE on monday... and will see Kirk Franklin, CeCe Winana, Ann nesby and many more 
is of twitches to get her day started  Gone!
is off 2 college for just 1 hour, hopefully finish for good this week  x
is off 2 work for the last time for over a week-i love working in a school!!looking forward 2 getting messy with the girls 2night 
Is off down Porthcawl later &amp; can't wait either! Gunna be awesome, the dancefloor better look out! x 
is off for a bath and an ice cold corona with 2 limes 
is off for a bit of pin pinery, then driving for the first time in about a year :S then sun time, bbq and bgt!! 
is off for a few hours today. Will check in later... take care all, and have a great day!  http://plurk.com/p/ts99s
Is off for a weekend of soleil, plage, amis et gourmandises... 
is off for Salsa... Today is quite good..  Wish everyone has a nice day, evening or night!
is off for sunday lunch and babysitting the cousins.......   
is off for two days 
is off into the town of Leamington  
is off into twon!  woop
is off of work 
is off out with Sophie to see if she can hear Take That better ;D  Im THAT bored  or sad. . . .
is off school for today, but is absolutely drain out even though i aint done nothing 
is off shopping.  and it's sunny so good times all round 
Is off the blighty at the weekend with the boy  such a museum geek.
is off to a 21st birthday party.....should i be scared??? peace out peeps 
is off to a friend to have some coffee 
Just bitched Sarah out.. that made me feel alot better. Ahh.  Sluts do as there told.
just blew some shit up 
Just bluffed my way to win 
just boarded eurostar to london for 5 days of nps indoctrination   #npseu09
just booked a flight to detroit to meet the bf's parents June 12-15th.... should be fun! 
just booked a trip to Austin to spend Sam's birthday with him! 
Just booked bus tickets for LeakyCon!!! 
Just booked for Ximena Valero's fashion show next Friday 
just booked my flight back home! can't wait! 
just booked my ticket to west coast!!  see you in July
Just booked our cruise excursions! Catamaran sailing and snorkeling here we come! only 10 more days! 
just booked our vegas trip .... 
Just booked second gig supporting Nitkowski @ The Cellar - 18th June.  Practice was superb last night and its all coming together!  
just booked the 32 passenger limo coach for our July summer concert.....I can't wait!! 
Just booked the eurostar to paris for hellfest  yes mate!
Just booked the honeymoon to Brazil and Argentina 
just booked tickets for Fightstar on Halloween @ Sheps Bush 
Just bought @mileycyrus's book miles to go  can't wait to read it.
Just bought @therecordlife new EP. It's amazing 
just bought 5 bouquets of flowers and put em all together and arranged them all pretty for my momma in the morning!  ::proud of myself::
JUST BOUGHT A 430EX II AND A STOFEN DIFFUSER!!! 
Just bought a car!!! YAY for me! 
Just bought a cute shirt for my possible date 
just bought a lap top 
Just bought a mint condition Apple Imac G5 on Ebay!  Finally, I'll have my own computer to build a successful business with! 
Just bought a netbook!  yay for surfin the net in bed
just bought a new car. But I still love my baybeh, 2006 Eclipse. I'm still working on buying some kits for it to make it look smexy. 
is off to bed  Good night to all!
is off to bed absolutely tired 
is off to bed now that all the new lyrics are out of her head... for noooow. 
is off to bed, gonna listen to the new PLACEBOOOOOO 
Is off to bed, got a huge day tomorrow, Final day of planning my house for my party!!  Night oxox
is off to bed. Finally. Got plans with my darling, Eliana, tomorrow  Ive missed her &lt;333
is off to bed. Nightynite all. See ya when the sun's shining 
is off to bed...church in the morning and then KENNY CHESNEY tomorrow night!!!!    
is off to Berlin for the weekend  
is off to brum today 
is off to buy ingredients to make tofu lasagna 
is off to camp in the deep dark woods: deer burgers, canoeing, cards, softball, and lots of campfires!  cant get any better than that!
is off to celebrate in the sunshine... first major hurdle over 
is off to cheesecake factory and movies 
is off to church to hold babies. Then we are having a picnic with Mom and Dad! 
is off to church.. then practice.. then Cayla's birthday party 
is off to class then work! have a great day everyone 
is off to connecticut  hopefully beach!!!
is off to copenhagen with the girls! I'll be posting some pics later  much love to all 
Is off to cut the grass once I have sun-lotioned x 
Is off to Dalton as the graduation festivities continue 
is off to do more interviews with artists. 
is off to do some bikram yoga  stretch stretch stretch!
Is off to enjoy the sun! How often can u say that in the UK 
is off to Europe with the fam in two days!! 
is off to fiesta village with the best friend. 
is off to free lunch. 
is off to Gatwick. 2 weeks and I'll be the one getting on the plane! Winner! 
is off to gemmas birthday bashh 
is off to germany some point this week, need to find a flight 
is off to get isla from playgroup shortly then going to get some lunch!yummy 
is off to get some crawfish and spend some time at a pool 
Is off to get some dinner 
is off to get sushi and watch 17 again again with bestie Krissy! 
just bought a new phone haha  thanks mommy and daddy
Just bought a new purse and bracelet from the juicy store 
just bought a new ringtone so i hear nevershoutnever all the time 
Just bought a new TV for the baby's play room/Daddy's Home Theater System room.  46 inches of LCD goodness.  Bring on Blu Ray!
just bought a new wii remote  now time 2 soft mod
Just bought a pretty fabulous bag to celebrate the end of my first year at MU   http://yfrog.com/5kfltj
just bought a red shore tee ;D   happy days. not going to school. Must finish... politics!
Just bought a Sesame st tee from hmv for a fiver  x
just bought a SkullCandy Chop. Gonna get the proper ones in Sg ! yays. btw, need INTENSIVE GYMMING. 
Just bought an effload of music from itunes- cannot wait to listen to it all: Glasvegas, Japandroids, Holy Fuck, Blitzen Trapper, etc! 
just bought Blink 182 and Warped Tour tickets...super excited for No Doubt tonight 
just bought Blink and Weezer tickets! 
Just bought FFVII. ahhh nostalgia 
Just bought GBS tix 4 Tarrytown NY, in the theatre I used to spend the last 2 wks of Nov rehearsing or volunteering for the Nutcracker in 
Just bought groupon.com 
just bought her Blink 182 tickets 
Just bought Lollipop's epop at Popular. COOL!   - http://tweet.sg
just bought Michael Caine narrating &quot;If&quot; by Kipling on iTunes.   
just bought mine and @emmajeffries Blink-182/Panic/Fall Out Boy tix 
Just bought Mum a domain name. :p Mainly so it's easy for her to remember her email address, and lets her friends find her on Facebook. 
just bought my dress for my 21st!! it makes me feel like a princess!! 
Just bought my fifth copy of CoD4 for PC. The market value on that game changes daily! Hope I don't resell this one 
Just bought my stuff for the busy festival season - 4 man tent, sleeping bag and rucksack for ï¿½60 ty amazon, all got gd reviews also 
just bought my ticket for DC today... 
just bought my train tickets for amsterdam!!! 
Just bought new songs for rock band. Who's down do drink n rock out?   LOL!
Just bought non skinny jeans for the first time in 3 years! For ten bucks 
Just bought rats! 
Just bought sims 3  fuck yeaah I love coming to cowley
Just bought some cool short shorts 
Just bought some disney crocs for our honeymoon for $14.99 shipped  I'm so happy I held out!!
Just bought some more Oreos today. Excited to eat them tomorrow 
just bought some new music to console my failure of the SAT. who needs that when you've got music? 
Just bought some sweet eye liner!  &amp; I got an i pod cover for $1  &amp; now watching edward scissor hands...its a good day. + got license.
Just bought the box set of the 2nd season of Ghost Whisperer. Alas! 
Just bought the cooooolest present for @eye_an  he's definitely gonna love me lots more. Mwuahahaha.
just bought the golden compass by philip pullman. hope its good! 
just bought the hour and a half Sozin's  Comet episode of Avatar. Only $3 on iTunes 
Just bought the iPhone ocarina app. Playing the Song of Time from Zelda 
Just bought the ms doutfire dvd. Anyone wanna come over and watch it 
Just bought the new moon book at the airport! Muahahhahahah (evil grin) 
just bought the perrrrfect tie! I'm so wearing it to San Diego!  okay, gotta go shwoer!
Just bought the Princess Bride, the Time Travellers Wife and a British Harry, A History for @melanelli. Book shopping makes a happy Andy 
Just bought the Sims 3 game on my iPhone  about to play it!
just bought the the final season 4 of prison break  im going to miss seeing them on tv but its a good thing i own all of them on dvd!!
just bought the zoom kobe IV June edition on the last day of may!!! ) 
Just bought tickets for vegas in sept!! 
Just bought tickets to Aust v France on 27/6 ... Dad paying ... my Bday present 
Just bought tickets to the 7SF/Vega Under Fire show in Atlanta on June 6th. I'm very excited! 
Just bought Transmit 3 thanks to the Panic Three-Day Sale: https://www.panic.com/sale 
Just bought Tweetie for the Iphone 
just bought...hannah montana movie sound track, kid rock - rock n roll cd &amp; the prodigy - invaders must die cd! variety or what haha 
Just bowled a 184.  really exciting.
Just bowled and wants to go play in the rain!! 
just broke 50 followers. 56 even. um, i have no idea who 52 of you are but, hi.  *waves* nice to have you here
Is off to go dig some post holes at his daughter's school.  Alec is already up watching the food network.  
is off to go play tennis with Sarah! 
is off to go read some more..... it seems i am going through a bit of a reading frenzy 
is off to go take a shower  http://plurk.com/p/vghml
is off to hear mass. Later, everyone!  http://plurk.com/p/xdj13
is off to his first day of summer classes... woo hoo!!!!   
is off to JoAnn Fabrics 
is off to korea. I won't hav my phone so contact me via internet. 
is off to LA bye!!!! BYE LAUREN I LOVE YOU 
is off to Leatherhead to collect her new car!!  xx
Is Off To London Soooooooooooooooooooooon 
is off to marriage councling! 
is off to meet another great friend then meet Vitamin S. 
is off to Norwich today until friday. Seeing Thim first  eeeeek trains!
is off to OB clinical. Hopefully I get the c-section patient! 
is off to play The Sims 3 again with all my new goodies 
is off to Santa Monica for some ol'skool culture - a play! Nice 
is off to scrathc some errands and appts of my list, then chaining myself to my writing desk for the rest of the week!   
Is off to see amy! i've missed amy like so much too! and we get to watch twilight! what a great night! 
is off to see the brilliant Ross Noble tonite.  Just hope not sat in the front row or arrive late.
Is off to shoot in Jamaica...stick around for new pics  xoxo
is off to sleep at 5am again although unintentional this time tonight has been great and the people i know are great people 
is off to slumber with Gwen singing in my head (and a little Heart thanks to Shannon) 
is off to start her first day at chessington world of adventures  - even tho i feeeeeeeeel like tuuuuuurd!
is off to Tagaytay with the family! Happy Mum's Day to all you hot momma's 
Is off to take teh SATz. Not the best start to summer but who cares! Ha its still summer! 
is off to teach her 4 year olds! 
is off to the backyard to hot tub with Anika. 
is off to the beach for a little while with his lovely girlfriend 
is off to the beach for BBQy times 
Is off to the beach today (at some point) nice chilled day 
is off to the beach!!! 
Is off to the britney concert tonight 
is off to the gym.... then picnic in the park 
Is off to the lake. 
Is off to watch arsenal v chelsea today 
is off to watch BGT results 
is off to watch Footloose on theatre in a bit! yay! 
Is off to watch Gran Torino, Do University Exam and then Relax by the fire 
is off to watch master chef 
is off to watch Neighbours. 
is off to watch some Frasier. Good morning 
is off to Westfield, lots of shopping 
is off to wolverhampton then work then hopefully somewhere to sit in the sunshine 
is off to work  visit me at Paradise Bakery 
is off to work and will talk to his new buddies when he gets back 
is off to work for a little, then to the beach with lyssa for the rest of the day 
is off to work with ben soon 
just broke into a sing it loud concert. that she was not welcome at. Oopsie. 
Just broke the 12,000 barrier..  This is awesome !
Just bumped into President Obama on Sixth Avenue. Michelle waved at me!  
Just burped at the same exact time as Steph LMFA0 
just buying a simboad i love em! my alt has one just Ollie never has had one 
Just called 911 and used my nursing skills till they arrived. Saved his life 
is off to work! Alllllll Day long! 
is off to work. 
is off to work...hoping this week is better than last! 
is off to youth group to teach them about Jesus and mission - very excited! 
is off. Has had a good night on Blog tv with meelie - with dave on the phone! Party at the weekend waheyyy!  x
is officially 15! Woohoo! Thanks for all the amazing wishes, thoughtful presents and massive hugs. I love you all. 
is officially 18! 
is officially a Dodger fan! who would have thought??? i can't wait 2 go 2 another game 
is officially a masters rower now.... off to the boathouse for some early morning birthday rowing 
is officially done with school!   Let summer begin!
is officially on holidays.... sweet sweet holidays 
is officially on weekend mode 
is officially sick and off work for the rest of the week, what a shame it's the long weekend...guess I'll just have to lap it up... 
is officially sixteen 
Is officially the fittest I've ever been in my life!!! w000t!!!!! I can train at 185bpm for 40 mins 
is offline in 30 minutes  90210 &lt;333333
is 'On a Boat' in Tennessee! Having a blast! 
is on a fucking earlie traintrip 
is on a lunch date with lo  gossiping!
is on a mission.. 
is on a post workout swimming pool session...gettin my tan on too! 
Is on a random vacay soon!!!  Livin', lovin' LIFE 
is on a secret island with jo. 
is on a secret mission......  sshh  don't tell the kids    
i'm so wiki today. posting images of velvet underground's tribute 
I'm someone's hero.  it makes me feel special.
Im SOO awake right now, watching damn near every @amandadiva video on youtube shaweeeet lol 
Im soo bored..grrrr it sucks!!!! =( I want 2 go 2 Australia...me + Jenni will go 2 melbourne  yaaay!!!!!! ily Jenni xx
I'm soo glad that I have the friends that I do. I love you guys! 
im soo greatful to have friends and family that support me in every way!  thank you all!
Im soo happy, met the wombats last night - had to be the best night of my life  !
is on catchup with britains got talent from last night 
is on exam leave laughing at all who do business studies doing their exam 
is on her 4th cup of Teavana's Rooibos Peach Bloom Tea! Sooo delicious! 
is on her new laptop! 
is on her sidekick 
is on her way back home...pray for a safe return my twitter friends.. 
Is on her way home  aloha and good night everyone!
Is on her way home bk to civilisation. Got my ipod bak  carnt wait for home x
is on her way home with kuya jasper. can't wait.  need to attend the class tomorrow though. :|
is on her way to BOSTON!   [t2CabApps! t18Brasil!]
Is on her way to church!  wow i am so sore from jogging, skating and bowling!
is on her way to dancing...I love night lights 
is on her way to JFK airport..next stop GREECE! Be back the 23rd! 
is on her way to muskoka 
is on her way to Nashville!! 
is on her way to the o2 arena....yay 
is on her way to White Pine. 
is on her way to work 
IS on her way to work, working till 3:15 car music calls for dangerous summer and owl city, happy tunes to make a day flow better 
is on hibernation, recharging mode.  Two steps back, ten steps forward (possibly even a quantum leap!) later. 
Is on his Up north 
is on his way to mobile with jonney and taylor 
is on his way to Vegas with Dad and Chris to pick up Mom. We're stayin' the night. 
is on it like a car bonnet time to go out with the lads for some banter and as much alcohol as humanly possible! good times 
Just came 11th in cross country and beat dumbo 
Just came across this page. The guy is using my photos of school 4 on it. Cool! At least he gave credit to me.   http://tinyurl.com/mxorud
Just came across this page. The guy is using my photos of school 4 on it. Cool! He gave credit to me too. yay   http://tinyurl.com/mxorud
Just came back from a friends graduation party. It was nice seeing her  she is so nice
just came back from a friends house... geez does he make me smile 
Just came back from a little sale in Sailly-Lez-Lannoy. Heading to Lille in a bit 
just came back from a nice big lunch with sweet someone...  juicy pork chops + orange juice + waffle with chocolate syrup... *slurp!!*
just came back from a simple meal with 'long lost friends' 
just came back from alyssa's house and an amazing night at the grads graduation  congrats to you all !
just came back from China Postal office sent a postcard to a pretty girl, feel nice 
just came back from church and mass was as usual short . 
just came back from church and now i cant wate 4 mtv awards   
Just came back from CVS...printed up pictures from yesterday's field trip so I can do a bulletin board tomorrow morning 
Just came back from Diamonds in brea, Currently at my cousins house... sister sobering up, i just had ice cream  
I'm soo superly duperly stoked to see the New Moon trailer to night!! 
im sooo bored i cant sleep and im happy   
I'm sooo craving COffeeeee Bean!!! Wish I could get a franchise!!! 
I'm sooo enjoyin my life right now; I am sooo blessed 
i'm sooo excited oz here i come!!  xxx
i'm sooo excited that birthday is tomorrow, which will be in 15 mins.  I thank the Lord for my birthday and for blessing and keeping me.
im sooo excited with the PCD concert 
I'm sooo excited!  http://bit.ly/VKGXx
i'm sooo excited, UK tickets for Jonas Brothers world tour go on sale soon !!!! 
i'm sooo getting some sigma brushes for my contest 
Im sooo happy to be with my amazing boyfriend in the city... Im falling 
just came back from flea-tique at SAM with inrsoul and the wives. bought some stuff from @stephietan 
just came back from Forex Gathering and my birthday dinner celebration. Thanks all for the surprise  I'm going to younger and wiser now
just came back from friend's house 
just came back from grocery shopping 
Just came back from hanging out with some friends + cocktails. &lt;3 I'm not drunk, but feeling good.  Hope everyone's well?
Just came back from hanging out. Today I would say was a great day with karissa &amp; all. very happy indeed 
just came back from HK 
Just came back from jogging and feelin good 
just came back from johndon's party.  had a great time with HS friends. 
just came back from my guitar lesson... and bought the beatles COMPLETE chord songbook with all their songs to play on guitar!i &lt;3 my mom 
just came back from op shopping in wynnum there are so many 2nd hand stores!! bought 6 tops/tees, 2 bags, earrings and a bracelet 
just came back from rehearsal and had loads of fun on set! the stage manager is awesome!!  x
Just came back from running. Heading to panda  lol
Just came back from school  Awesome day today :-bd
Just came back from see Marcus Johnson with great company...had a great night!!! 
Just came back from swimming. Haa. nice to be back in the pool. 
Just came back from Taiwan and I missed Taiwanese food already. Going to Flushing for late lunch today 
Just came back from the best party ever!!!!!!! 
Just came back from the brilliant Glebe Markets where I picked up some treasures 
Just came back from the classtrip. It was amazing, party all day and night, slept only on the bus 
Is on my way back to Big D! Rangers game tonight!  in Irving, TX http://loopt.us/moPtMQ.t
is on my way downtown to maryland inn with my saraaaaa. 
is on my way home for the weekend.  The weather couldn't have been lovelier. Radio on my ear right now.
is on my way out to the sun 
is on my way to church 
Is on my way to the strawberry festival 
is on rachet and clank 3 on ps2 
is on Singel, in the sun. Life could be a lot worse 
is on SMS mode. *just &lt;ding&gt; if you feel like plurking with me*  http://plurk.com/p/sxvfb
is on stickam  wiff beeeefs
Is on teh plane catch u later 
is on the asian bus on the way to new york! 
Is on the beach in GA. MJ 
is on the boat to grand manan 
Is on the brink of something so fucking good. Fingers crossed 
is on the bus to college, still wanting that tlc she asked for on monday. God its been a week? Get to meet a guy who won an oscar today! 
is on the net 
is on the phone 
is on the phone  http://plurk.com/p/z2s8e
is on the phone with kyle&lt;3, bed &amp; then kyle's house 
is on the phone with Marqui.  http://plurk.com/p/xwnzs
is on the phone. 
is on the road to Missouri.  *Tawsha Marie*
is on the soccer teaam  gottaa pee, again. . . hehe.
Is on the train on his way to am enjoyable edinburgh escape. 
Is on the train to britney 
is on the train to london 
just came back from the footy 
just came back from the mall.. went shopping with my mom!! i had a lot of fun!! gosh! 
Just came back from the mall: bought new shades and a lovely teen Christian book 
Just Came back from the park with mates 
Just came back from the Zoo...lol The Horses were so cute! I wish i could ride one 
just came back home 
just came back home from girl's place... now preparing for university but first breakfest 
just came back home from the kindergarten  now chillin, then driving lesson at 6:00pm! woohoo !! =D
Just came back home from Vienna 
just came back home!from the movies haa just watch 2 movies and just pay to see one XD i saw terminator 2 well,half of it without paying 
just came bak from dancing with my NEEWWWW cd  haha im dancing again
just came from a date with hamko 
just came from a meeting! 
just came from my summerhouse  it was an awesome weekend! ^^
just came from Rocklin High's graduation--stay off crack people!!!!!! lmfao 
Just came from school... it's raining... 
just came from some much needed salon therapy 
just came from the Mizuno Infinity Run, had an easy 5K and won a nice pair of shades in the raffle. Woohoo! 
Just came home  I've spent the day with my awesome friend Ina &lt;3 Btw the weather is awesome today!!! 
just came home after a vacation on the tip of the mactan island... 
Just came home from a birthday spend the night at a friends, I am tired 
Just came home from a great weekend and two birthday parties!  Awesome beach! Yummy food!
just came home from a nice cook out type party lol.. mad funnn NICK your minee! 
Just came home from aeropostale..yeah i got money out the ass..lol darrika ass real boring!!!! 
just came home from billy elliot  i laughed i cryed i loved it
just came home from dance recital... it was pretty cool 
Just came home from France!!! LE MANS rules!!!?    
just came home from Giro d'Italia, saw Lance Armstrong!!!!!!!!! so much more fun than i thought it would be 
im sooo missing those missing me  lovinng it here but  sure thang theres no place like home
i'm sooo tired .. playing in my cousin's house is a definite waste of enery .. but it was worthed .. 
im sooo tireddddd. needz to do h.e homework. and @Hulabalooo put those pics up 
im soooo excited my sis has her band on myspace now  its called ANA...2 exciting lots's of news in 1.5 days...not bad 
I'm soooo happy about my new friendship.  and these next few weeks are gonna be the stuff! 
just came home from ma cousins bday&quot;party&quot;. i love my family! 
just came home from market market. watched jash's cheerdance competition. Fun! 
just came home from mass. I don't really remember the last time I did, but now I can't help thinking maybe He really is all we need. 
Just came home from the jogging session. So exhausted! Need lots of sandwiches. Sandwiches w/ cream cheese are amazeballs 
just came home from the party.  Hadd such a blast and was dancing all night long!  
just came home from the Spa  excited for another Cam Sur trip, missin' him  hehehe!
Just came home from work! now chilling out and being bored, o and it's KAREN 
Just came home!  Visited my cousin's friend who just gave birth to a baby boy yesterday! Haven't seen the baby.. can't wait to see Jacob..
Just came in from sitting on back porch relaxing for a while under the Little Dipper. Ahh..so nice to chill sometimes.  G'nite folks!
just came inside. i'm getting so dark! 
just came out  of the spanish mass hopefully going to have icecream cake 
Just came out of another productive sales meeting 
Just Camee Home From The Hospital , Feelinq Better 
Just camee out of a lovely bathh  but now i am boilinggg! Welsh exam tomorow, yeah like fuck im gonna pass that! :\
just can't get enough of the new Eminem album 
just cant get enough of this song. I feel soo gooood 
Just catching up on the @lancearmstrong daily vids. Love watching the informal chats with him and Levi, and guests 
just caught @jsullivanmusic and her cotton commercial - nice 
Just caught a glimpse of the bride and groom slow-dancing with a look of pure bliss on their faces. It was really heartwarming.   
Just caught up on my DVR'd 'the Office' episodes. That show cracks me up and is pure genius! 
Just caught up with what's happening back home... &amp; all I have to say is: Lakers are going to take the series &amp; destroy Orlando on Thurs! 
Just 'cause I'm in the mood.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7dk0p
Just cause its my twitter lol I just did my own nails  nice! I painted them dark red. K the end. This has been a public girly announcement
Just changed his username, hurrah. 
just changed my background and icon to demi lovato's album cover!! can't wait for July 21!! keep on rockin demi you are awesome  
just changed my default pic to a Nike basketball cause bball is awesome!!!!!
just changed my twitter design. i think it's cutie. 
Just changed my twitter picture. I think it looks cute 
just changed the oil in the acura... fun stuff 
just changing my twitter password.. i forgot it again.. 
just chanqed my backqround 
Just chased down a guy who I saw here in Madison on a Segway to talk to him and ask If he got it in town  those things are amazingly cool
Just chatted with julianne moore 
Just chatted with the spouse. Sounds like we've both been counseling people 2day. Should we open up a practice 
just chatting with my friends, kidding with Mirella &lt;3 and text messaging with somebody 
Just checked email and got a follower withb same name as me living in Oz. Welcome on board my alrer ego @changa13 
just checked in at the Austin Code Camp   got a nice seat by a power supply in room 103 for the sneak peak at C# 4.0
is on the way home  gonna miss the cousins but i miss my mommy
is on the way to her graduation  so excited.
is on the way to NAP with miss brittany to pick up her parents from the airport. be home sometime later today. 
Is on the way to Nina's.  And is going to miss Domi. :[  ~AfterTonight&lt;3
is once again exhausted! Just got home from work! Thank goodness for days off (tomorrow) and time with one of your girls (Gina)!! 
Is one bar two of the pub crawl... Gonn be a long night 
Is one down one to go 
is one happy fuka! 
is one month away from the big 21! 
Is one of the newest sopranos to make YHS Madrigals  his cinderella &lt;3
is one step closer to the California filming trip ... the dreaded I-Visa has been granted ... whoop whoop! 
is online 
is online (again)  http://plurk.com/p/ujif7
is online ~ 
is ONLINE again  http://plurk.com/p/x6gf1
is online shopping yaaaaaaaay  http://plurk.com/p/z4zzc
is online shopping...fantastic 
is online the whole day  &amp; don't know what to say :|
is only focused on her BRIGHT future...chase a nigga? HELLNO only thing im chasing is these DREAMS &amp;&amp; this paperrrrrrrrrr 
is only following Britney 
is optimistic...we'll see how this goes. 
is otw 2 the airport. Gotta catch the flight!.byebye 
is otw home 
is otw to the int... Wish me luck! Hopefully i nab this job! 
is out &amp; about with her bess fran  text me.
is out &quot;sick&quot;...lol 
is out doing sales  i used to hate this but now im enjoying it  
is out for dinner with mommy 
im soooo tired... good nite yall! 
Im sooooo dehydrated and my ass hurts. I never want to hang out on my roof again. A bowl will make me feel better 
im sooooo depressed right now. lalalallaa. listening to the jonas brothers, make me feel better.  xx
Im soooooo tired now....An all boys are real creeps!!! Seriously, do they own a brain? Um, I think not! Goodnight everyone 
i'm sooooooo readyyyyyyyyy for the premiere tonight. 
I'm sooooooo tired. Good Morning Tweets 
im sooooooooo proud of Casey!!!!! girls ive had a blast with jr miss!!!! i wish they had a senior miss now!!!! 
Just checked in. Coming back  Reached Gauwhati airport at 11.30. Was closed! There wasn't a single person there. Not even a guard!!
Just checked my @demidolci replies...people who i dont know have followfriday'd me! I find that cool. 
Just checked my email. Got a voucher from Borders, 25% off a full-priced book! Yahoooooo! Now...all I need to do is to go down to Borders 
just checked my school email. i passed english. that means i graduated. i'm officially done with highschool. so stoked!! 
Just checked on my ladies and they are looking good 
Just checked out of hotel. So sad that there's no internet access in room. Nevermind then, I'm going home soon. Now to Mid Valley. 
Just checked out the training schedule for this week. Looks do-able! Watch out Tawas Bay Triathlon! 
just checking .. 
just checking how this thing works. 
just checking in babe 
Just checking in, since I haven't all day.  Hope y'all are having a good Saturday. 
just checking my facebook and drinking some lovely tea 
Just checking out a new site www.bedandbreakfastworld.com @bbreakfastworld Looks great  Loads of Bed &amp; Breakfasts around the world
Just checking out Twitter for Modern Warfare 2 lol 
Just checking through the stores inventory to make sure there is nothing missing. Wouldn't want you to struggle finding anything 
just checkng out my 500th tweet and its: &quot;readng d busness section. acordng 2 d latst news &quot;in order to save the economy -spend more&quot;... 
Just cheking my uni grades list. Has been a pretty good year, so far only 8's and 7's. 
just chiilin. got church tomorrow 
Just chill and watching Formula One 
Just chill in the Studio iam working bitcheees 
Just chillen in my bedroom with Frisco the cat. Not much is going on, just checking out the net 
just chillin  &amp; watching a couple of movies  
just chillin =P i mean holidays.. nothing to do.. silence.. only me.. *haha* finally my relaxing time.. with a book  typical for me!! &lt;3
is out in Westmont visiting Taylor today. 
Is out like a light and in like flin 
is out on a date 
is out on the porch with her cat and some cupcakes. Soon to be just me and the cat. 
is out running the Calgary marathon for diabetes! Wish me luck! 
is out running. skating show later. 
Is out shopping  Tweet/ BB meee  http://myloc.me/2Q2T
is out side doing homework with josh in Barrie! O cup/Canada cup number 3!  race day tomorrow! &lt;3
is out to see Cher, Kristine, Praise, and hopefully, Louisse. Be back in an hour. 
Is out! mwuhahahhaha 
is out, like shout... gotta love &quot;half-day&quot; Fridays! 
is out... looking hot... wearing her party shoes... call to join 
Is outside in the garden, enjoying the sun. Yay for wifi 
is outside w/ konnor, ashley, becca, chels, natalie, ashley, andrew, amy, todd &amp; hol watching the strangers 
is outside with Meaghann 
is outside, tanning...  it is so beautiful out today 
is over at the Mulya's 
is over the moon!!!!!!!!! 
is over the moon. the scum (west brom) have been relegated!! 
is over-excited for the kings of leon concert 
is overtired... Must get more sleep tonight.  Only two more days 
is owning @jaycedaface in Tekken. wheee! 
is P E R F E C T L Y * B L I N D .  Ilove this songgg. --- James Isnt being shaken.. Aint nobody gonna bring me down.. You can try tho. 
is p90x workout. then dinner. then the magic game. fuck yeah. productive sunday. 
Is packin up the guitars for our big show at Chasers tonight. If ya like Social D and yer' in Jersey - yer' more than welcome to attend!  
is packing for her trip to Laguna overnight with the UMAK leaders  http://plurk.com/p/xn4od
is packing for o/s trip.. trying to pack less so i can buy more 
is packing her bag and wants to dive into the big blue pool tomorrow! 
is packing my luggage 
is packing today 
is packing, cleaning, and watching movies! is my twitter working? 
is packing. and such 
i'm sore all over from yesterday 
i'm sore but I won't let that stop me.. fitness On Demand, here I come  get it right..get it tight..
I'm sore from my gym-workout yesterday! feels good though.. 
i'm sore, and i'm not sure why. but i do know that i'll be going to bed with a smile on  HA! me so excited.
Im sore... But in a good way. 
Is painting her house  
is painting her nails pink! 
is pampering herself to look pretty for her picnic tomorrow 
is partyin' with his new speakers, a can of Moutain Dew, and a list of things to program. Also waiting for a few calls. 
is partying to My Passion right now 8 days to go till I see them boys again  Yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
is passing out for the night! its been a good day!!! 
Is patiently waiting in the chiropractors office. And I hear a drill??? Are they filling teeth here too? 
is paying a visit to the hair dresser, but if it's to crowded... I'm not going in  #squarespace
is paying bills, running errands, then work. Fun times 
is paying the price for staying up WAY TOO LATE so he could play softball last night. So tired...ugh. Weatherwise, the heat is on! 
Is perfectly content with watching golden girls and going to bed early 
is performing at FUN DAY at locke ave park today SATURDAY MAY 30th at 330pm. come on out! free 
is perusing @wistfulness' wedding photos. Some of these shots are epic.  â€”  http://twitpic.com/6ozs9
IS PHONE FUCKING WITH TYSON 
is picking the kids up from school... then shopping 
is picking up a friend from the airport then going out for dinner! 
is picking up breakfast for hubby since he's busy in the lab. 
is planning a get away 
is planning a lovely lazy day on the sofa with some dvds and the rain on my window 
is planning her next spoof for media for filming next week 
is planning her Sunday  riding bikes w/hubby, breakfast, movie... nappy time hehehe... working out NOT!
is planning her week, its going to good, going to get a lot of stuff done 
Is planning lessons...food chains  need to find more teaching experience!!
Is planning on taking more photography photos 
is planning to go to a grand slam sometime in the future!! 
Is playin @ the wit's end in about 30 minutes.. 
is playing cranium wow...him &amp; jesse are on a roll. 3 winss &amp; counting!!  **
is playing fable II cuz she's a nerd!  
Is playing Guitar Hero &quot;Metallica&quot; with Danny and Laura 
is playing guitar hero with @mislav @norbertc @agatkamazur @marcinbunsch @kiszal perfect evening 
is playing her new Sims 3 game 
is playing in Bethnal Green on Friday... last time I went to East London a complete stranger recognised me and shouted my name 
is playing in Sheffield tonight at the Red House. Hope to see you there  x
is playing mafia and having a cocktail! 
is playing metropolismania - such a brilliant game 
is playing neopets  http://plurk.com/p/oz8ev
is playing pet society.  ? it! :]
is playing poker too. 
is playing poker...doing alright 
is playing resident evil 5 with babykins over tea.. with lights on.. pouts 
is playing restaurant city on facebook 
is playing restaurant city on Facebook! Love the game 
is playing restaurant city while waiting for mr K to come back from work 
Is playing the best game ever!!! The sims: life stories!!! 
is playing the piano  it's been a loong time
Is playing the piano! 
is playing the sims 
is playing The Sims 3 
is playing the wii with liz... 
is playing twister with my friend 
is playing Uno  http://plurk.com/p/rprl0
Is playing uno with dad and sister 
is playing with her scouty! loving the puppy 
is playing with html scripting for biz website... all those months of learning myspace html is paying off! I have a headache though.. 
Is pleased to see Faith No More at Reading Festival 
is pleased to see my plurk box back to normal tbh  http://plurk.com/p/ri7fl
is pleased Twilight ruled the MTV awards 
is pleased with how politics went 
is plurking here in moomba!! just ate pork cordon bleu!! SARAP!!  http://plurk.com/p/yvln1
is pondering where in her room she can hang her New Moon poster... Da ceiling...? (I have no more wall space thanks 2 Twilight) 
is possibly going to the lake today.  Hallelujah thank you summer &lt;3
is praising and thanking God for her result  it's not that good but better than no marks
is praying and thinking about all the BEAUTY surrounding his life! For every one thing going wrong, there ARE ten things going right! 
is praying for Deanna &amp; Sue as they fly to Haiti today...off to work! 
is praying last night was worth it!! 2 1/2 hours of sleep better result in a really good night tonight 
is prayinq that everyone will have a qood niqht! and show a little love to the world! 
is predicting a heavyweight battle between Lakers and Cleveland on the Finals! Well, hopefully! *crosses his fingers* 
is preparing Dans birthday surprise!! 
is preparing for a 5yr olds birthday party 
is preparing for an up coming week full of castings, running, timing, shooting, n no drinking...craziness fun of life 
is preparing for her trip home to the States!   Excited!
is preparing for midnight-BBQ!! hola sausage 
is preparing for Red Bull Soweto Sessions - BMX boys are that &quot;dirty&quot; pretty... Melissa likes 
Is preparing for the weekend journey 
is preparing himself for another BIG shift at FC Clacton tonight..!  a good 12 Hours (Y)
is preparing to fly to the US tomorrow 
is prepping for a student showcase and a talk on digital distribution 
is pretttty cool 
is pretty content with life. New job, new friends, new outlook on life 
is pretty drunk.  [had a good night! /dalmatian! \]
just chillin at da house thinkin... i always seem 2 get into trouble when i do dat too much 
just chillin at home, enjoying the weekend, i LOVE THIS WEATHER!! 
just chillin at the pad 
Just chillin btw blink added a new irvine show 
just chillin here at home. goin to mason's bball game l8r. I &lt;3 HIM!!!! lol. can't wait lol. and happy bday to his mama shellie 
Just chillin' out with Jay Zed. 
just chillin until softball tonite!!!!! 
Just chillin..enjoying the sun..joined this..read about it..hope its good 
just chilling 
just chilling after a long fun weekend with @guyt2030 and @evanconcept and the rest 
just chilling and watching the final of gossip girl 
Just chilling at home still watching espn 
Just chilling on primrose hill  glorious day!
just chilling on twitter 
Just chilling, waiting for my mum to come back while watching Hannah Montana then going shopping 
just chilling... highlight: i danced in the rain 
Just cleaned my ears 
just cleaned my room, listened to music and recycled some bottles! now im waiting for @meleys to come 
Just cleaned out my twitter...lol Why does that make me giggle?  I feel 31 people lighter. Now if only that were pounds....
Just cleaned the flat, going to Aunty/Grans for the day to sit in their garden and 'try' to get a tan! Gorgeous weather again 
Just closed off session submissions - we've got a great line up! Schedule going online soon 
Just coded my first &quot;Hello World!&quot; program in c++  
just colored my hair. let's hope it turns out good. 
Just come back from a lovely picnic and LONG walk from Virgina Waters!! Shattered now... Going to have some peanut butter on toast 
Just come back from an amazing weekend at Center Parcs in Sherwood Forest. Weather changey, swimming pool amazing, location pleasant 
Just come back from meal with grandma - she's senile, but lovely (in her own special way!) ;) sat infront of TV chatting and relaxing 
Just come back from the beach, such nice weather i can't believe it, soo cool! 
just come back inside from sunbathing 
just come home from a fishingtrip... watching The Tyra Banks show 
just come in from rivising the cold war in the sun.....watchin Home and Away  Dont you just love the weather  
just coming home from dinopark 
just committed: Added:62 Deleted:8 Modified:146, no more oracle schema 
Just completed 10 money bag pillows!  Photo shoot tomorrow...Mia permitting 
Just completed a list of tasks left to complete before this contract ends. !! no chance !! extension please 
Just completed my English mini-mester. Summer session w/Calculus III and Biology starting next week. No Doubt concert on Sunday!! 
Just completed my mid year appraisal at work. I hope I get a good review from my manager!  
Just completed my personal blogskin after 4 hours of hardwork and sweat. Phew! I'm so proud of my own work! 
Just completed Rolando 
just completed skills check-off &amp;am recertified in CPR :* Open up 
Just completed watching - The Bank Job 2008 &amp; The Italian Job 2003 , nice movies with similar concept  Watched for Jason Statham!
Just completely cleaned my room and rearranged a lot of stuff. Quite proud of myself. 
Just completely wasted 9 minutes and 37 seconds of my life. Thanks a lot Kory. 
Just concluded my last day of work at DOF. Hope and optimism going forward, but will miss everyone terribly. Will write/tweet from FTB.  
Just congratulated my dad with fathers day  now gonna eat and later go to my grandma to eat cepelinai 
Just connected a 26&quot; monitor to my NC10 Netbook. The graphics card seems to hate me all of a sudden 
just connected twitter to facebook 
Just convinced my mom to book me an appointment to get my makeup done profesionally for grad  yee so excited!
Just cooked a light meal and .... Nothing more to say 
Just cooked burgers on the george foreman grill for my friend James &amp; I, they're SO good. 
Just corrected someone in spanish, and i don't even speak it 
just coz you said you aint been to sleep..was joking babe 
Just cracked it 
just cracked the 200 followers mark 
just created a blog! http://OrangeKicksAss.blogspot.com 
Just created a new account because of some crazy guys I wanna talk with. Hope it will bring fun! 
Just created a new Squidoo lens. Would appreciate some ratings and comments  http://www.squidoo.com/train-a-new-puppy
Just created a new twitter account: @obeseplatypus, i'll probably never use it, but follow if you want 
Just created a page on Facebook!  Please check it out 
Just created a powerful white-paper. 12 top tips for excel. Check it out: http://tinyurl.com/12ExcelTips 
Just created an account 
Just created my very own Twitter. 
just created this thing 
just created twitter account 
just cried at the gaze nick jonas gave that girl in JONAS lol. oh, how much i wanna go dance in the rain 
I'm Sorry, I Haven't A Clue! 
I'm sorry, I just can't hold it in - #GoogleWave is a genious product! It makes me want to go work for Google 
I'm spending a chunk of my summer with my mom! It'll be fun! 
I'm spending the night with Amy &amp; then going to ride horses in the morning. Ziggy better not try to kill me!  RHS Teacher Luncheon at 11
i'm squeezing my brain for my first ideation project. although it's small one, but..... way to go! 
Im sstill sick but im going to school bc i cant miss another day of school i already missed 11 days of school 
I'm stalking some people 
I'm standing 3 ft from Jon Heder - sweet! Target Lounge FTW 
I'm staring into the past. 
I'm starting full time this week at work. blah. Yay for big organization projects! lol 
I'm starting my class today, but I'm also going to the high school afterwards to do some much needed practicing on a marimba 
I'm starting my twitter page 
Just crossed into New Jersey 
Just crossed over into Mississippi. 
Just crushed @Eelcodeboer AGAIN at wii tennis... ask him how his remote hit the ground with a violent sound! 
Just customised my SmartBlogger joomla Template.. http://pinurl.com/smartblogger.. tell me what u think? if u want it, msg me, k? 
Just cut everyone in line to get tickets 
Just cut up my mens large I &lt;3 boobies shirt signed by the Maine  I'm satisfied with my work
Just cuz I know everyone cares ~ I went with cereal ~ quick, easy and neglected in the morning 
Just dancing to Madina Lake 
just danglin' a fresh twit off my fishing line. lovely day out by the river  http://bit.ly/19p8NK
just decided! 
Just decorated my room for VBS.. All aboard the Boomerang Express! 
Just deleted #myspace and it felt DAMN GOOD 
just deployed the first version of shopmaker download. looks nice 
just developed the polaroids 
just devoured my own 8 oz steak, then polished off half of Charlotte's. Pretty pleased with myself. 
Just dicovered calilive.tv and loved it 
Just did a couple of good mornings, realised it was one minute to midday, so now it's time to say Good Afternoon to you all 
Just did a homemade pedicure.. Looks just as got as a 20.00 one at a shop.. Thanks for your help babe.. 
I'm starting to get it now.  
I'm starting to get the hang of the new berry  Its pretty sweet
I'm starting to like linkin park, 
I'm starting to like Paraluman's songs. 
I'm starting watch &quot;The Godfather&quot; again 
I'm starting work on the baseball story now. 
im starving! taco bell, anyone? 
Just did a LONG over-due update to my Ryze page. If you are on Ryze, say hi and add me as a friend!  http://www.ryze.com/go/Koriani
just did a spa party for an 11 y/o girls birthday. did 5 mini facials and talked about twilight  HAHA!
Just did a test drive with the BMW 118d and liked it 
Just did all the dishes (including all of my roomies') and cleaned off the counters. My mama would be so proud! 
just did an hour of pilates and ran two miles  im wore out
just did copy cat ksnm... made over 300k  ~Caravaggio~
Just did dishes while listening to the BPP, Crystal is a very good sport  #otalia now I'm gonna prepare for groceries. Sigh.
Just did my first cycling class and LOVED it!!! 10 miles and at least 600 calories burned is a great way to start my day! 
just did my nails  they're pink, black&amp;white. toenails tmrw.
just did my project  eating pastsaaaaaa saladddd.
Just did my toenails  nicee pearl colour mmm 
Just did some fooling around in the garden with my sisters... Was fun  Good old times
Just did some nerd tweaking, now rocking the Ubuntu network wide at 802.11n speeds - much better.  And yes, finally back online now.
Just did some shopping. Hopefully this will be a good week 
Just did the daily specials. On tap today, finish the necklace I am working on and them make pride earrings. 
just did the street fighter 4 benchmark/test. my pc is ready to play Street fighter 4 
just did this new exercise video n ate carne asada mmmmm i love my mom's cooking 
Just discovered @TheKateNash is on twitter! I've only been talking about her/listening to her all day!! 
Just discovered Earl of Sandwich - a cross between Panera and Quiznos.  The free kids meal doesn't hurt!  
Just discovered Etsy. This could get expensive 
Just discovered Lily Allens sweet song, with less so sweet title  Lovin' it!
Just discovered my new make up kit is MEGA awesome &lt;333 I'll have 2 thank auntie Hilda for buying me that 
Just discovered Owl City thanks to Pandora. 
I'm staying at my friend's tonight ~ it's kinda weird that Mambo's not here though... But he needs some rest!  
I'm staying at work late today so I can see Michael Johns   Remember him from Idol Season 7?  Tune in to Good Day at 8:45!
I'm staying home tonight with yall 
I'm staying with my baby tomorrow night! 
Im still @ work and still twittering @ work i think im addicted 2 twitter Haha thats alot of twitters in one sentence! 
I'm still a big empty box. This must be a tough one for twitter to fix. I will check back later. Back to work 
I'm still alive.  Today's been a good day.  Short work, errands, and hangin' around.  Next up: Indian food at Spice Avenue. Should be yum!
I'm Still Celebrating My Bday Even Though It Was Friday 
I'm still doing homework today, interspersed with housework. I'm not going to whine about it all day today, though. So don't block me! 
I'm still down. It'll be fun and it'll give us a chance to hang out. 
im still eating some chocolate from easter  homework/studying for half yearlys is waaay too boring. i prefer the interent xD
I'm still excited that the office printer works  awesooooommmeeeeee
I'm still exhausted, but in a nice way 
just discovered the secret of GREAT starbucks iced caramel macchiato: SPLENDA! 
just discovered twitpic, coooolest thing EVER!!!, get ready for tons of pics 
just discovered twitter 
Just discovered updates to iPhoto have changed keywords colour plus iPhoto opens really fast now, excellent! looks like there's more too 
Just do full cleaning... Ahh, it smells so nice, and it is like the smallest form of happiness, right? 
just doin some jammin 
just doing my nails 
just doing wedding bits as i get married in 5 weeks!!! 
Just done 10k on a wet and windy walthamstow marshes. Feel like i've been in a washing machine. Has woken me up tho 
Just done abseil there. So scary. But its okay cuz my instructor guy was a babe 
just done eating lunch 
Just done my BMI....23.2! Quite good, it says I am a healthy weight but still aiming for 20 
Just done some history revision   Maths later 
just done somme mcflyercise in the garden   
Just done the M&amp;S 1p Bazaar followed by my free coffee at Debenhams. Martin Lewsi would be so proud 
just done with dinner.........................gonna tweet for a while............. 
just done with powerpoint duty @ church.  lets eaaattt!!! hungry!
Just done with watching the movie Monsters vs Aliens,, or is it Aliens vs Monsters? Anywayz great movie! 
just download tweetdeck... so much easier 
Just downloaded a whole bunccchhhh of songs off itunes including carolina liar. Happy song. Right james? 
Im still full from supper at China Buffet. MMMM it was so good. 
i'm still in bed and on the laptop ...yep borin !!! 
I'm still in my Pjs 
im still in the garden!!     its a gawjuss dayy!
I'm still listening to music and then later I'm going w/ my family to the drive in movies. We're going to C the movie UP and Star Trek! 
I'm still looking for a good job.  I'm hungry. 
Im still my mums baby girl .. 
I'm still not gonna participate in your guys convertsations on this 8P... Sweet dreams 
im still on a high from yesterday 
I'm still pumped from the concert saturday. 17/7/09 here i come 
I'm still recovering from last week &quot;wildness&quot;  hahahah gotta do this more often 
just downloaded GreenDays new album, madinal lakes new album, good old nirvana album and Glamour of the Kill Discography 
Just downloaded MadTwitter! Sweeet!  I thought i could update facebook &amp; twitter statuses simultaneously :s
Just downloaded Safari 4 beta (Mac), very nervous about it, but seems to be working great... 
Just downloaded so much music. I officially have no memory left on my computer...but it was so worth it. Going to sleep now 
just downloaded some new awesome tunes....found some new groups/singers in the process too...happy? oh yes! 
just downloaded some salt the wound, after the burial, born of osiris, necrophagist, mastodon, and dethklok for guitar hero. 
just downloaded the new jonas cd. this is pure bliss  i have to wake up at 6 tomorrow, ugh. goodnight!
just downloaded the tweet deck....look at my and my saviness 
Just downloaded tweetdeck , hopefully this will be the making of my twitter experience, fingers crossed 
just downloaded TweetDeck so far so good 
just downloaded Tweetie for Mac. 
Just downloaded Tweetie for Mac. It's pretty cool. Buy: #ebay Airport @ http://bit.ly/UI07w iPod Touch @ http://bit.ly/V2DBm #squarespace 
Just downloaded twhirl 
Just downloaded twitterberry!! Yay now I can officially get addicted 
Just downloaded twitterberry. Thanks for the tip @tiffanypr 
Just downloaded UberTwitter for Blackeberry and pimped up profile page 
Just downloaded UberTwitter on my BlackBerry 
Just draged my sisteraround the town...To find closed shops! If it wasn't so hot outside she woulda killed me! Saved by the sun 
just drank a 300$ glass of champagne. baaawlin 
Just drank a can of cold tomato soup 
Just drank a good bottle of wine and watched my favorite movie. A good night 
Just drank a smoothie 
just drank some coffeeee. I'm awake nooooow! 
Just drew and colored a beautiful sunflower... 
Just driven to the Post Office depot in torrential rain, BANZAI!! Lightning too....got to get home now 
Just driving to work now. London all booked for next weekend 
im still sitting here at the computer trying to figure twitter lol oh yeah and im on the phone 
Im still studying and nothing is making sense. I got my yearbook  u should sign it
I'm still the pigeon 
I'm still tired from yesterday's BBQ. Thanks for coming out everyone! 
im still totally stoked about what is going to happen! well,okay., so now im tired.. like t-i-r-e-d.. night twitter friends! 
im still up dying laughing over the hilarious video I posted on FB....Good times....Good times 
I'm still up! Thank you all for praying (: AHAHAHA! I'm watching Britney: For the Record until school. Today should be a good day 
I'm still very happy from last night Drew is amazing! 
I'm still waiting for you to come out with that magic talent serum, @veryshortstory 
Im still with marble mikey and afton. NOW we are walking up aka hiking up to the D ! Its like the beest view of Duarte EVER! 
I'm stoked  hope everyone has a good night 
I'm stoked for school to end already! 
I'm stoked for todays festivities. Lake with friends, cookout with my family and then a wedding between two beautiful people of God. 
just dropped angie off; time to get mcdonalds for breakfast oh yeah 
Just dropped my iPhone onto the floor tiles... And nothing happened!  My baby is okaaaayyy!!
Just dropped off my daughter at high point camp (a leadership camp) now on my way home crying like a baby 
Just dropped spencer off at home... And im a big burly gay man! 
Im Stuck Doing Revision But Is Listening To Radio 1  x
I'm stuck inside doing my law assignment and so far i've written the titles! I'm so not enthuased! Roll on the BBQ 
I'm stuck on a boy who fills me with joy 
I'm stuck. Here I am trying to organize my small business and I can't seem to know what comes next. I guess I should write a do to list 
im studying this twitter 
I'm studying...thinking about how glad I am that I only have 1 exam left 
im studyinq &amp; practicinq 4 my audition 2ma! wish me luck tweeties  -xoxo
I'm stupid  I touched my eye while eating spicy Doritos and spilled water all over myself trying to get some on my hand to put on my eye.
I'm stupid and I'll be perfect tomorrow 
im stupid. i chose prom night at the last minute, sucked. the zombie's song remake in the beginning was weird also.goodnight 
Just drove from charleston to rock hill   goodnight world 
Just drove home all by myself.. I'm learning 
Just drove in a parking lot for 20 minutes with my dad 
Just drove past Taipei 101!!! hehe kinda hard to miss 
Just eated broccoli and I couldn't eat it without thinking about your song!  And that's a positive thing! ;) @mcflymusic
Just eaten a rather nice Chinese takeaway. Yum! 
just eaten chips  still hungry....might make some toast  woo cant wait till tomrow. im going to alton towers 
Just eaten my lunch. 
Just eaten two oakcakes and cheese after a night out-feel slightly sick now. Loving the BH wkend, bit of shopping and footie tomo  Sweet!
Just edited my site. 
just emaild disabled@facebook.com  i hope i can get my face book back  getting tweetberry soon 
Just enjoyed my last Friday as a single man! 
just enjoyed the best 2 hour work out ever. welcome to saturday. 
Just enjoying a lovely 40% volume beverage 
Just enjoying the weekend  
Just entered my latest Annual Review for the B&amp;E Dept. into a design competition. Wish me luck! Can't win anything if U don't try! 
I'm such a Bad Sister: Happy Birthday to My Other Big Sister Akiesha!! 
i'm such a dork! to believe i don't know anything about @replies until now!! anyway i love the couple of @replies. hope there'll be more! 
i'm such a douche bag sometimes... and sooooo neurotic. and a dork... and i overcomplicate everything. but i still love me... 
I'm such a firm believer in karma maybe I wasn't not meant to watch this show close. Ho hum 
i'm such a good multi-tasker; cordial drinking, tamagotching, religion assignmenting and imming  woah.
i'm such a good prankster  summer, you totally fell for mi prank!
I'm such a happy girly. I think that means it's time for candy. Joy! Fun! Love! Smile! 
Im such a loser!!!! I left it at Dennys lol. Thank God! He must really love me cause they had it there 
I'm such a slacker. I'm still in bed. 
im such a tool 
Im sucha qood procrastinator - i been sittin at the computer for 5 hours to do a fkn project, and haven't done anythinq. Yea im proud 
I'm suddenly reminded of that saying....&quot;N*ggas Aint Sh*t!!!&quot; &amp; For the record..I don't say that N word. Just reminded of the saying 
I'm suffering from restless legs and butt syndrome. 
im sunbathing in my garden  lemonade - slice of lime .. XD i like this life
I'm sunburned on my face and neck, noooo! Bloomin hot sun. Still applying for jobs! 
I'm super excited abt da new Transformer II movie.da new trailer is stunning and i hope it showed jus 1% of the best scenes in the movie 
im super excited to be a freshmen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
I'm super excited to start work tomoro :] I don't even kno why!! I'm just extremely thankful that I finally got a job!!!! 
I'm super glad to be back in Orlando...hope you all had a nice weekend. 
I'm super pumped For my new career at song writing 
I'm SUPER tired and probably could sleep ALL day BUT I work 12:30 to 9:30 today in Tool Rental... Oh the Joy!! 
I'm suppose to be packing, I hate packing though. Who wants to pack for me? 
I'm supposed to be sleep &amp; I'm up effin' off on TWiTTER! Geesh, this has got to come to an end (for now)...luv ya'll, sleep tite 
I'm supposed to be sleeping 
I'm supposed to be sleeping but i can't get over how silky soft my legs are. I love it! I had to share with someone, sorry. 
I'm supposed to have a visitor (potential student) visit my class this morning, so I guess I ought to put together a lesson. 
I'm supposed to remain in my room but I just snuck out to see Sawyer downstairs where I have a slice of cheesecake waiting for me. 
@Keryje the hand covering your mouth surely means something also. Face touching is related to lying so this isn't the real you 
@keryna on the G1 phone go to market then search for 'google maps' should be the 1st result 
@Kesang one question is zizzo cooked food really edible ? plz be neutral 
@keshanichols Bleh! We'll find a sunny weekend to shoot! Let's ask the Universe for those positive vibes. 
@keshav @ankita_gaba thanks for retweet... 
@keshav Drum rolls !!!!  (On installing Opera)
@keshav lucky you 
@keshiachante Ur pretty deep ya kno, I'm glad I'm following sum1 who believes b'in urself is the best way 2 accomplish anything 
@keshiaford hey girl 
@keshiaford I thought i said  lol my fault but yeah though wanna do me a big favor it's cool to say no.
@keshiaford nope, i couldn't ask that via twitter.. maybe in a DM. but you dont follow me so i cant DM you.. 
@keshiaford those r some good jay song choices  song cry is the shit
@keshiaford yes ma'am 
@Keshial yay! I just got it! 
@KeshLondon good..now if it was you then I would probably have to get drunk witcha and smash 
@KeshLondon it will be better after father's day when we meet up in florida  haha. hows everything will you?
@kesouthall I've a bit of work to do then I should be heading in for one or two 
@Kessiewashere have fun bro  you deserve it
@kesuu wahahahha. wow. iba talaga pag mayaman, netopia ang hangout! @umplified hello hello. 
@Ketsphen Really glad your visit went well. I know what you mean. We can often tend to believe the worst, can't we?  #asd #autism
@Kettums NO, you don't need to send me anything.  isn't your birthday coming up? we're like birthday buddies. it'll be your bday gift. 
@kev_charlton I will be glad to take those off your hands! Best brush up on my table tags 
@kev_watson Ta.  On the trail of the type of changes. Does it mean ANY changes for any reasons, or specifically of a particular nature?
@Kev5890 nope went to a buddy's to watch WWE   I'll be on Wednesday night though!
@Keva161 137 580 435 972.  tweet me when you're game 
@kevbduent I got them for cheap hollla @ me!  lol
@Kevbot3000 i admit ; that jonasbrothers video is lamish; but nick is hot (: &amp; the song is good ! 
@kevcecil If I had a cap on I would doth it too you sir! Jolly well done!  Park up and a cream tea now?
@KEVCITY Hey whats up bro  Yea just trying this out for a bit and see what gives LOL
@kevdesign Welcome back 
@kevgibbo Why isn't there an option for &quot;I'm just trying to make it to 2010 alive&quot; response? 
@Kevin Spacey oop! Misspelled Spencer Tracy's name. Thought I better indicate my mistake B4 the spell fuzz calls me out. 
@Kevin_angel Ben's who reviewed Passion Pit??? Done so many updates I'm not sure which one you mean 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine Feeling pretty good. You should check this out http://www.myspace.com/bigcitymonkey Just saying. 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine Nothing much. Trying to twitter myself back to sleep 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine Why hello there 
@Kevin_Beasley: they were boneless.. i ate them with a fork specifically so that i could eat and twitter at the same time. 
@kevin_choo i have 2 weeks holiday..... 
@kevin_choo You shoudl! AND when you do, be sure to thank me! 
@Kevin_DeSoto you have no idea how much it rained last night! It was a great show though 
@Kevin_Dorrian Titanic got her in the end   Just have this vision of a giant ship hunting round old folks homes!
@kevin_hoare i am bad for the soul as well as the waistline!!  1 early grey.1 milky coffee will do me til about 2ish .its the chewin see!x
@kevin_hoare I dispute that!  xx
@kevin_hoare I don't think so either, but he has a good future ahead of him 
@kevin_hoare morning..omg i dont normally eat..not a foodie..but home made chips who wouldnt!!  x
@kevin_hoare Yea me too! I'm feeling a bit better about it now..had some lovely responses 
@Kevin_Leavell  we missed seeing you but @andycommons told us you were on your bike so we understand, next time 
@kevin_love dont you love it? 
@kevin_love i hope you're wrong! 
@kevin_nealon Dontcha think?  (Can't wait for the new season!!)
@kevin_nealon http://twitpic.com/5d4za - the boat even looks like a banana 
@Kevin_Ross if you look at the js code in facebook you will notice a few js functions...nahh just kidding, a buddy told me 
@kevinandersson Looks a little small there 
@kevinandersson looks very nice.  I see that you use Things as well, great app 
@kevinaug Works for me.  Sweet dreams of those &quot;hot city chicks&quot; ;-) Hope to see you tomorrow, err, tonight. G'nite!
@kevinayP don't worry it's not important. Definitely not a name of an island M'sia took away from us   re:manohara
@KevinBazinet You're an amazing singer. I have your song 'Can You Feel' on my iPod and i love it!!!! Reply back please? 
@kevinbehr Found you through @MrTweet. Look forward to your insight on all matters IT!    Great to meet you.
@kevinblackwell meant to say check faith's email...the apostrophe is next to the enter key  
@kevinbrill  Hopefully they will get payback by going to the bathroom while it's getting cleaned and peeing all over themselves. Karma.
@kevinbryantlou ballllin'. well if you do find it, can you tell me? 
@KevinBuist What is this &quot;tele-vision&quot; you speak of?  Damn, looks like I missed it...
@kevincampbell Run some for me there...I miss my ole stompin' grounds...just not the same here. lisa.. 
@kevincastro just a last on sorry :s Did you see a kind of chilmistry between niley? And the ways that nick look at her? your miley fan 
@kevincita ... hey... how are you..???? 
@kevincleary it's cause you made fun of the MO emails, the server gods got angry and unplugged you  That or someone thinks you graduated.
@KevinCole509  ... It's all about the FOCUS!! Tell yourself that often ... I'm enjoying your authentic Kevin Cole wit!  Happy Friday 2 U
@KevinCole509 85 ... would have been a good time too!!  Wow it's hot today!! OK off for a dip in the pool!!
@KevinCole509 Hi Kevin! Thanks for the kind words! Enjoy this #FF in June ...  Sending 'local, tumbleweed' smiles!!  !!
@kevincully Make sure you don't take the fun out of fundamentals. 
@kevindjohnson - hi there friend. I know RIGHT?  HAHA
@kevindurant35 @dwighthoward follow meee! 
@KevinEdwardsJr  lol! I love laughing so I guess u got me 
@KevinEdwardsJr aight i will follow u ^^ sorry 4 the late answer but i still dont have no clue how twitter works 
@kevinely Craig's List is your friend. 
@kevinfromconn http://twitpic.com/6giru - I believe that game is too complicated and high tech for YOU. 
@kevingschmidt cookbook?!  I like the sounds of that.  
@kevinhagen check my feed from friday night for live tweets from the cair presentations!  hope the quotes are accurate!
@kevinhart4real curtious of Akron Ohio 
@KevinHart4real LMAO! 2 funny; Maybe she didnt hear you 
@KevinHart4real lmao!! Well baby I care!! I hope u make it home safe to your family so I can come to your next show wheneva u n the bay 
@kevinhiggins apparently you don't work with the right kind of nerds 
@kevinhoctor thought that'd be hex?  But congrats even so.
@kevinhoctor You leave and @judyhoctor starts making Belgian Waffles. That's love right there. 
@kevinirwin haha!! you're not the only one that says that. i just love it! 
@kevinism Oprama is the new Widmore 
@kevinjholmes rofl drunk whilst working tut tut, I have 12 weeks off now  im looking for a summer job 
@kevinkclee thanks a bunch. you're a smart cookie 
@KevinKolb I was referring to the bathrobe on Bourbon St incident.  Seemed pretty random. 
@kevinlcc ah, I have no wise quips for you then.   good luck!
@kevinlcc No need to thank man. thanks to ur tweet I am now following @Alyssa_Milano  
@Kevinldrasta I'm Goin To Some Place In Manhattan.. Don't Know Where Yet ?..? 
@kevinlover202 Awww I love it! Your background is sweet!  I love us! hehehe
@kevinm00re Hi, I am a creative web designer and would love to work on your project, you can contact me at kumailht@gmail.com 
@kevinmarks first time seeing the Matrix? Aah, stunning film 
@Kevinmcdaid awww kevy thats some cute saying!  Im sure u looking forward to see ur big lover again! x
@Kevinmiam Thanks! I'll take inspiration from today's test. 
@kevinmichaeldic Thanks! The actual problem is that after it uploads, the picture does not appear. Maybe it just didn't like my photo. 
@kevinmontgomery &quot;Next UK tour&quot; Glad to hear it! 
@kevinmyriad  Thanks dude!  That means a lot  
@kevinpeyton thanks. There's no point in trying to be something we're not. The bold an audacious options got thrown out 
@kevinpollack  Great show tonight!!  Viewership was up too!!  That's gotta make ya smile!  
@kevinpollak  We forgive you and we have missed you!  
@kevinpollak that was my first comment as well! lol 
@kevinpoon that's ok! You're lucky enough in your own way.. 
@KevinPorter Yes, I meant to flag Revelation with a  ... It's not historically accurate cuz it's about the future.
@kevinpsb Thanks, man. Greatly appreciated. It happens to everyone, but it always sucks when it does. Hopefully things turn out well. 
@kevinpurdy thanks, inadvertent indeed!! Deck matches the enormous mound of dirt in the neighbor's yard. 
@KevinQNguyen Windows 7 is pretty cool. I installed it on my Mac 
@KevinR22 exactly right, essential traffic like Twitter 
@KevinRay rub it in now...I had 2 do mine the old fashioned way, &amp; in the heat LOL  Yea U have no excuses so tom grab that beer &amp;.....
@KevinRButters don't think we can do it as well as her, but will let you know when we do our pad thai rendition 
@KevinRButters i was in chiangmai for a month last year during loy krathong. best festival ever. 
@kevinrose Got mine and I'm absolutely loving it! 
@kevinrose let us know what you like 
@kevinrose Tgiers Milk sounds good 
@kevinrose use that 5dmkii and take some macro snaps    or a hd vid of the whole thing 
@kevinruddpm a press conference at southern cross? Ha  top marks for having a go. 
@KevinRuddPM as a sway voter i'm glad you are hitting out at this twitter thing. you have my vote... for now 
@KevinRuddPM tell Nathan Reese 2 upgrade our skool......its faulty...........honest! 
@KevinRuddPM You guys delivered a smackdown on the opposition today in Question Time! Funniest show on TV! Wish ABC showed it all! 
@KevinSpacey            Loved watching the show! You made my night, and I loved the red/orange (couldn't tell) socks! 
@KevinSpacey a wise decision on their part.  
@KevinSpacey Aren't talking and taling basically the same?  You made up a nice new verb here.
@KevinSpacey Can I get a little hello ? ...would make me smile , oh I am creeping ,WELL JUST FOR YOU I DO  
@KevinSpacey DUDE! You rock! 
@KevinSpacey Good Saturday morning! What're your plans for London this weekend? 
@KevinSpacey Hello from S'pore! My b-day's coming up this week. Would appreciate a tweet if you read this, thanks! 
@KevinSpacey I admire your work, I'm glad you gave up selling shoes. 
@KevinSpacey Nice spot on Leno! You're obviously waaay cooler than Jay... 
@KevinSpacey On a sunday? Tsk tsk 
@KevinSpacey So have you been there long enough to develop love for Chelsea, Arsenal, Tottenham or West Ham?  Greetings from Boise, ID.
@KevinSpacey so I think I'll stop following you and leave you alone! 
@KevinSpacey Thanks for the update. Everyone missed u. 
@KevinSpacey U look gr8 2nite mr Spacey on the Swedish show. Gr8 impressions of mr Clinton &amp; mr Pacino! 
@kevinspacey Welcome back Theater Guy.  
@KevinSpacey You are one of my fave actors ever, was only watching A Bug's Life with my sis yesterday and thinkin of how much you rock 
@KevinSpacey youre probably one of the most gracious 200k+ followercount people on twitter. You rock! 
@KevinsPlectrum Hahah, wouldn't surprise me knowing me and Vicki  And I won't have time to be sad anyway, it's the Jonas Brothers!
@KevinsPlectrum Most definitely! There are another set of the same tickets, same price on ebay for Â£175 for 3rd row Newcastle  xxx
@KevinSprinkle the sun could out here, but other than that, no   http://twitpic.com/6a00z
@kevinswancom Thanks for the recom! It means alot coming from a stud like u!  Married men w/ kids want 2 know how u do everything w/ fam!
@KevinSwitzer thanks!  it will look better when it grows out a little
@KevinSwitzer your also annoying 
@KevinTNorman lol if you forget i will probably notice anyways 
@kevintylersmith Thanks 
@KevinWGrossman Going to the cottage in Wisconsin 
@kevinwinter @AshleyDannielle  Kdubs Status- Thats what she said 
@kevj liked the MSNBC article, cool stuff! 
@kevjumba http://twitpic.com/4e5p0 - Crispy Chicken? Spam Musubi? Boba? YOU ARE IN HEAVEN. 
@kevjumba omg haha poor lady. but it just made hundreds of people laugh 
@kevjumba that'll be awesome!  i loved your Scaring Floormates videos! 
@kevleviathan with template overrides is pretty easy to make Joomla look any way you want.. a completely tableless site 
@kevmer you still have a week to decide if you wanna come with me.. 
@kevmylove, how are you hun! I have send you an email,  x
@KevoJonas Joe wants ta be one of the dancers BeyoncÃ©?    LAUGHTER...SPEAK WITH ME
@kevox Beautiful. I've had no problems with Sky whatsoever. Just would like it to be faster, of course 
@kevox start swatting up on it now 
@kevsakoda  Ahahahahaha!!!  I found you!  Lol.    Your worst nightmare has come true!
@kevshappyhour .. Nope, mash 
@kevstauss No problem - enjoy! 
@kevupnorth Thanks for the #followwednesday  Not long until your a dad now is it? Best wishes to you and Mrs CW
@kewiki  do you have a twin identical and single in nature?  have a good family night!-sandra enterrealms.com http://bit.ly/KoGwH
@KewLLady hello! just saw you from a forum, thanks for the viddler vid. do they (the pussycat dolls) ever reply to you? 
@kexp, the bands rock!! Can u please turn up the lights so the photogs can get some great photos to show people on the blog. TY!! 
@keyana_sodmq i kno right. .  wuddup? 
@keyannaaa the new story of your life will include magic fountain with me 
@keyerror lol i explorin chale!!! hehe 
@keyinfluencer Yes! You and @funkidivagirl should come out to our Tweetup tonight. It's at South City Kitchen Vinings, 6:30pm. 
@keylahtia More to come see you on Eye St. 
@keyoperatedzero but you has headache. :x and you needs your sleepins. (and you can has sum jobro dreems i will send dem 2 u). ily 
@keyoperatedzero in my opinion, not as good as hot fuzz, but it's still awesome. i watched it yesterday 
@keysoffaith  am American but been here 5.5 years... Madness x
@keytar EUGH. THANK YOU BB! 
@keytiisthebomb HAHA. You're welcome!  ILY. &lt;3
@keyzee re throwing: here are a few articlea of possible interest: http://drjohndc.tumblr.com/tagged/shoulder. DM me for more information 
@Kez84 white or brown bread? think its better with White myself and i LOVE salad cream with it 
@keza34 @ComedyQueen morning 
@keza34 have a good BBQ least the weather is nice 
@keza34 hi babe how you doing 
@keza34 i am i have a great twitter family around me  x
@keza34 Just in bed too watching BB on E4 
@keza34 lol fine by me  long as its not the scary dude its all good
@keza34 lol, omg as if u not going to the party 2nite lol 
@keza34 mmm how about, out with mates, checking out lasses drinking, xbox, and take away 
@keza34 thank you 
@keza34 what one.? 
@keza34 yummy curry  save me some please lol
@kezarthur Dude, thanks! I saw the Mrs. Giggles review this AM and it made me smile. 
@kezfromoz the real party starts next weekend  how are you?
@kezhound That's cool. I like the idea of logical discourse compressed into 140 characters. It makes people have to use their brain 
@KeziaLyla bout 5-6 years up frm you? that gentleman must be mature wif his act  Bishonen, err whats dat?
@KeziaLyla Danish means knowledgeable,clever. Syaffiazka means clean,white mybe we cn say it lyk a lil princess 'snow white'  lolo
@KeziaLyla yesss  i had watched it wif him. ^^ i really enjoy my tme when i met him, u kno dat i take LDR agyn, em...jst a lil time TT
@kezzawezz Fookin ecstatic!!  lol........... I was like omg I didnt expect that :O  EEEEEEEEEE!! xxxx
@kezzawezz I will survive! Aslong as I know how to love I know Ill stay alive  Oooh thats no so bad  Mustve been an early wan! xx
@kezzi21 no ill manage to nod off in a bit ;) my mind just has to stop buzzin 
@kezzi21 Only halfway around the globe 
@kezzi21 Oright it's a date then 
@kezzi21 You only have a baggie???  LOL
@kezzibugx3 hah yeah i did but i dont think she saw me=( lmao!. awww hunn haha think about school as a mall  teachers-cashiers haha 
@KezzieN Haven't seen none of them.I wonder why.I usualy watch all the movies I find 
@kf  If you are ever in town, look me up. 
@kfarmer4444 hehe, their whole album, Only by the night, is worth listening 
@kfc_colonel Cool. Does Colonel provide scholarship for, say, grad students? 
@kfcarrie --- Came out of BeLIEve (his live show). Then I could have a picture with both of them!  That would be the most epic day.
@kfcarrie &gt;.&gt;     &lt;.&lt;     &gt;.&gt;    &lt;.&lt;      My Stephen present.. Buuuuutttt since you guys are amazing.. I will share him with you. 
@kfcarrie haha! I know what you mean.... 
@kfcarrie OH LOL NO. Wow. WOO I GOT ALL BUT ONE TRACK ON THE OTHER CD. 
@kfcarrie OMNOMNOMNOM.  How's you?
@kfialkowski I'm pickin' up what you're puttin' down! 
@kfialkowski Your welcome! 
@kfinewhatever tsk tsk.. anong nka2torture charisse? hehe. 
@KFinnegan I once read a tightwad article about how you could dry yourself off with a washcloth! 
@kfirpavda - I just stole your &quot; sharing is sexy &quot; tool 
@kfirpravda  It's your #OCD speaking, too.
@kfirpravda  thanks... tough day today.  lots of pain. lots of meds...  should be better tomorrow.
@kfirpravda no mac, me thinkpad girl 
@kfirpravda you twit 
@kflanagan Well, that does make me feel somewhat better. 
@kflannn I finished my atl/seniortrip/bff picture quilt! So come over real quick b4 your bro's party to look at it  pic to follow soon!
@kfountain2 slo was monitoring this conversation 
@kfred85 You mean #LOFNOTC ? 
@kfuja Aw, thanks!! OMG (lol) that baby face on your site is hilarious! Lovely photography as well. bookmarked to look at more later. 
@kg86 Dude, i met some naval guys. told your name. But no luck. What dept or wing or clan are you in? 
@kg86 Thanks  The elephants look magnificent This is what we miss due to stupid restrictions - 3G pleease and cheap!!
@KGallll Already told him 
@KgaugeloM I love your vlog girl! hahaha too good 
@KGINC whattup KG. See ya in he AM  MUAH!!
@kgleeson nice  You'll be smooth as an androids bottom in no time :p
@kglucas phew! Glad I'm not starting in the middle! Darn that tequila. Actually, that sounds good. Maybe I need some. 
@KGMB9 hey is sunny (da dog) on Twitter? Can you twitpic sunny when u have a chance 
@KGMB9 I'll have to take your word for it. Been some years since I've been in Lihue 
@KGMB9 See my photo essay~Puakea Plantation  http://tinyurl.com/cns6pp 
@KGmuzik its cool. She's in a better place 
@kgoettsch trya ia trya! She can do EVERYTHING!.check out some of lara jades shit she is good! she does fashion  and other kick ass stuff!
@kgrandia Whoop. There ya go. Nice round number now eh? 
@kgranju Send her over there with an entry-level, sub-30k job and see how glamorous she still finds NYC 
@kgreen5 come on over!    Had fun last night, btw.  I felt so &quot;official&quot; with my walkie!
@kgreg06 Wow that is old!  are you manning a booth for libraries or just going for fun?
@kgrey38 by the way - bravo about what you do on Blip.fm, its really good  Do you go on Eve Online ?
@kgrigsby always a good choice 
@kgurski LOL sounds exciting! 
@kgutteridge this time next week I will be 30 minutes away from SF airport if flight from UK left on time 
@KGWSunrise I'm avoiding downtown.  But then, I don't like big crowds.  It must come from growing up in a small town. 
@KGWSunrise Russ - absolutely. I would never take that away from you. Jimi would want it that way 
@kgyrl8 Its a bar/restaurant on South Bar....  You might catch a good one in there...  
@kh7spiritual  360 seemed a bit awkward to work with - too limited IMO! 
@khadijabegum I Just Did!! Yay!! 
@Khadrimx thanks  so glad it's finished! . . . . but now i have to work on chapter 4 XD;
@KhadyJs which day will that be? Sat I hope. 
@khadzsera glad you like it! thanks so much for reading! 
@khailee omfg your mom rocks. 
@khairul She's unassuming and unpretentious. She's just, as. I suppose that's why she's so endearing--because we can relate to her 
@KhairulHaq oh okay just count me in lah 
@KhairulHulk @SyamMasri supporting superfly all the way 
@khairulnz I'm sure you can if you apply a month &amp; a half in advance. Apply on Monday! 1st to 4th of July 2009 
@khalafornia hey, just added u, i luv FOB 2! Luv to talk... ~No1PanicFan~  
@khaled  Wait till they see the d5oon coming out from under the door! That will be fun 
@khaled ????? ??? 
@khaled Oh i got what you mean 
@khaled Thanks my geek friend! 
@khaledalhourani ????? 
@khali_blache And changed a bunch of other stuff  Wheeeee!!
@khali_blache Are they really? I find that hard to imagine... Well, they're attributed. Not plagiarism, derivative work! 
@khali_blache Because I tweet the most from on my bed, so I wanted my happy places to match 
@khali_blache Have fun! 
@khali_blache I'm sure I will get the next one. 
@khali_blache Read it yesterday. Loved SO HARD. I'm a big fan of Dom!Fivey.  Just linked it to someone who wanted apologetic BDSM.
@khali_blache Squee! Don't worry, I'm sure I'll have to pass the trophy on soon enough. 
@khali_blache When I take a hit, I scream and shout! Throw up a bubble and hearth stone out 
@khalidh nothing before BlogWorld Expo on the schedule at this stage - have netbook will travel tho' 
@KhalilahYasmin If we come across a flash flood, your last concern would be if there's a floaty in the backseat. Lol...I'm just saying 
@khalilaleker @Sznq thank you for the follow! Honoured 
@khalilismail have a safe fly. 
@khanaaa hey 
@KhandieKhisses That's retribution for all those innocent sims, you sims murderer you.... 
@khani Yep. I think the world is a safer place now Or more organized in crazyness. Now people will be seeking U out COZ you're crazy 
@khanidea Thank you 
@khanserai Awesome!Have a good trip!Hope your time in KSA was well spent 
@khanserai Morning!i'm good,started off my week long holiday by catching up on chores  How are you?Howz the box stuffing coming along?
@Khao310: na i remeber that my older relatives used 2 bang it all the time lol i got the Piru love ringtone 4 all the homies*u so hooood. 
@KharmaaLovesU Hey pretty lady thanxx for the fllw  !!!!!!
@KhayeeMariie well thank you for reading it  keep a look out for the sequel
@khe416 me too! 
@khe416 you're welcome!!  of course!
@KheeeM What's with this site -- http://bit.ly/YEr2v? 
@kheimzhottwenty Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@khelll It's because it confuses the hell out of other developers trying to understand your code 
@khelzy09 Aright  We'll try to play that for you 
@khensu83 I'm pretty fucking fab right now.  How's yourself?
@kherihines thank u n.p 
@khesap try holding the camera at shoulder level or just below 
@KHill215 Let's go with 'not so much' 
@khleo_t ur always up late..newho gluck at ur lil basketball game 2morrow hope u have lots of fun!!! Besos Muchacho Khleo  :/
@KhloeKardashian    Morning Khloe... NO slackin' today... lets get on that cardio machine...1 2- 3    
@KhloeKardashian  have you ever tried making a demo? just to see how you really sound.. if not , give a shot 
@khloekardashian Cause its true!!! It would!!! Hahaha... I Love YOU 
@KhloeKardashian CONGRATS!  The phone lines were busy the whole time, so I would call that a success!  
@KhloeKardashian don't get nervous ur awesome on ur show 
@KhloeKardashian Glad your on twitter! Your so funny Khloe and beautiful! But you should b e nicer to your mom. 
@KhloeKardashian Guy Sebastian Memphis Album, Pussycat Dolls album, Jason Mraz album and lady gaga album, baby!   
@KhloeKardashian hey, @ least she's not w/that bum, Scott, anymore  She d-servd WAAAY betr, as do u &amp; Rob!!!
@KhloeKardashian heyyy kholee  i love keeping up with the kardashianss ! and i think you are soo funny ) lol
@khloekardashian his boating best of both worlds 
@KhloeKardashian hmmmm....in 5 years ill be 28...i would like be married to david and pregnant..and be working as an RN! 
@KhloeKardashian how can I be as fabulous you? You are my Favorite!! Please give me some ideas!! 
@KhloeKardashian I admire awesome Khloe!! DDDD 
@KhloeKardashian I beat you I worked out already you slackin 
@KhloeKardashian I believe Elvis works at Burger King.  who knows Khlo its definatly a bit of a mystery
@khloekardashian i love the pic too... I totally agree with u.... 
@KhloeKardashian I was watching ur tv show a while ago!!  youre my favorite kardashian xD ur awesome
@KhloeKardashian I'm excited that you joined us twittering freaks!.. YOU ROCK!! xoxo 
@KhloeKardashian I'm waiting for you to tweet me!! You're so beautiful, you're awesome.  Hope you do reply! 
@KhloeKardashian isouljaboytellem,sean kingston, lil wayne &amp; Bow wow!! 
@KhloeKardashian It would be awesome if YOU were on the air a little more. I wanna hear Khloe after dark, not music after dark 
@KhloeKardashian my teacher says i look alot like you. lmfao ; i don't in my picture , but in person , she says i do . haha 
@KhloeKardashian saw Peta rerun on the show yesterday. Good 4 U. Being a good rolemodel 4 women &amp; helping animals 
@KhloeKardashian sisters u have to love them 
@KhloeKardashian u can chat with me if u want to stay busy  LOL
@KhloeKardashian u should come to my office on fifth street right by ur hotel and see our beautiful watches  www.kriegerwatch.com
@KhloeKardashian well if you were here, you could do my kickboxing class for your morning workout 
@KhloeKardashian Wish I was in Vegas... Have fun and cant wait to hear stories 
@KhloeKardashian yay! finally u joined Twitter! i'm following u  how are u?
@KhloeKardashian You are amazing Khloe!!!  Respect to you!
@KhloeKardashian you'll be fine and u'll do a good job  
@KhloeKardashian your pic is freaking hilarious!!! lol, can't believe you're using it as your profile pic 
@KhloeKardashian: you look so pretty Khloe! I love the mic with the pink bling! 
@khloerose awww thanks!! I did that show awhile ago...i didnt kno they were still airing it...lol...misss youuu!!! 
@khoff09 awwww just hang in there!! 
@khoi nasty  I have an outlined version in illustrator if its any use.
@khopkinson Good Nite and I hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day too 
@khouryrt Hmm what is 'not pricey' for you rita? 
@khouryrt I will be using my 5800XM to watch movies on my current round of travel. I also will have three spare batteries with me. 
@khouryrt The last real s60 development for me would be the destinations &amp; fota. Was going to post about the E &amp; N difference today 
@khouryt @habibh yeah election bars for us political junkies  #lebanonelections
@khpgeorgia thanks for the honorable mention! i appreciate it! 
@khrislorenz ...I would have loved it. 
@khrisu It goes SUPERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR.... 
@khrisvanadams thank you  you are so sweet.
@KhroweJayne I want to see it 
@khtemplar is my son - he gets my vote today coz he has grown into a loving, caring 'soul-full' man - who loves his mum 
@khuer hahah. yeah. it's nice, right?  wahaha. sure. )
@KhuramMalik All the best for you too my friend  my personal blog's at http://maynaseric.com haha thanks. welcome to Singapore anytime! 
@KhuramMalik btw love your post here  http://bit.ly/ruy2m  very interesting insight. thanks!
@khuranakaran Well by definition, we night-owls have the best days - since we're sleeping for most of them! 
@khushi4all Don't make a topic, am sure you'll get some replies soon. 
@khushi4all Thanks in Advance. 
@khushi4all wow... let me guess... voila you are a gujarati.... 
@khyrinthia Yes a tenners chat! 
@Ki_KiE yes, it's really quite great. 
@kiacokely ohhhhh you got jokes early this morning!  lol, noooooooooo it doesn't, well a little! lol
@KiahxKitty pretty baby ill come entertain you 
@kiakelly Still look forward to it 
@kiala and the vet asked if we wanted them amputated. Told him that was the reason we got them. 
@kiala its not the same thing  I think she will like this better.
@KiaMorganSmith my friend has them 
@Kian92  ahh, so now your in for a major downloading session? MUSIC ftw fill up yo HD 
@kiannabanks aye....age ain't nothin but a number and I'm old enough @MoBayPrinCess 
@kiannabanks lol yeah they are cool for your generation  i jus need somethin a lil more business savvy ya know? lol
@kiannabanks Sounds like u need someone to treat u with respect 
@kiannasick then that makes me happy! 
@kiaorabro1 I had the best soup last night 
@kiara_C if you do get on ichat. if not, then goodnight 
@kiarapop aaaaiiiight. thats cool.  y was the kid in ellens video link angy? and where were you?
@kiaras HOLY CATS. Thank you so much for the awesome review! Thrilled you loved the book. 
@kiaspeaks &quot;unclog swimsuit winner&quot; Thanks  I totally missed that tweet 
@kibblesplace Thanks!!!   I love J-Coff and his contests!!! #ccn
@Kibler Me too. My only real plans involve cutting grass.  What are your plans? My sis will come in a week or 2. Rainbow parade...fun!
@Kickass1 - Manual says it is because @ceijay was not there! There is a solution, don't worry 
@kickasscarly yes stupid, he's here 
@Kickey50 lol i agree... thanks ya 
@kickflipthis lightning where lol tell the WE A.R.E boys i say hi  lol drive safe  WHAT THE DUECE!
@KICKFLIPTHIS well dude thats good yo you know? somehow i know this is all gonna work out for the best for you 
@KickinAus By the way, congrats on your &quot;soon to be a dad&quot; status!!  
@kicknpirate10 yay!! i'm glad i got to hang out with you, too! let's do that more often 
@KickOH oh wow, thats a photo now 
@kicks_city ROTFL @ the girl in the Juicy sweats. Cut  her a break...u say false ad, I say...wishful  thinking? 
@kicktweets i like that one song on the Twilight soundtrack.........&quot;Decode&quot; by Paramore. Its on my mp3player. Love that song.  
@kickzceo yeah im chillin too lol 
@kics895 Happy holidaying!!!! Post a photo or two if you get time.  please Mateeeeee!!!!!
@kid_qdi dude, where's ur profile pic?  
@kidakaka book on competency mapping... 
@KidBliss thanku hun 
@KidCalloway Heyy hunnie.  How was the weekend?
@kidcalloway i dont think you can handle dis sweetheart 
@KidCalloway what you doingg love 
@kidchan see u there tomorrow 
@kidchan won't be around to drop by, but do us proud! 
@kidchan you organize it, i will go it 
@kidd86dro yepp before its all over ima be singin shawty lo &quot;dun dun it all&quot; 
@kiddiesgotsoul I always go to sleep at 8:30. I get p at 5:50 and I'm so tired it's not even funny. I'm just glad school is over for me. 
@KiddJones depends which ones your in. ASCO blew up a lot of my positions... Skippy.  
@KiddKraddick Good MORNING Starshine 
@KiddManroom my chat's not loading.....FIX IT!!!!   please 
@kiddo47 Thanks!    That makes me happy to hear!  Have a great weekend!  &lt;3
@kidehen what is SDQ - structured data queries? (via @ssethi). Serendipitous Discovery Quotient. It has twitter hashtag #sdq 
@KidHypeTellem yay haha i love them looool. in the mean time sit yo ass on a pillow 
@KidHypeTellem, tweeting while at nandos  ha
@kidkrull http://twitpic.com/6sh67 - ooh looks cute. You and the cat  haha
@kidmanproject &quot;Moo, motherfucker, moo!&quot; 
@kidnoble Sure brotha! 
@kidnoble you're not the only one....i had to wake up at 6:45am to get ready for my sister's senior assembly 
@kidOhri Hey  I'm doing good and you?
@kidOhri your welcome  I also loooooove this snippet. I listen to it 24/7 times 
@kidologist I'm getting so excited about CPC 2010!!!! I can't wait!!! 
@kidpsychnurse: Thanks for the rt 
@kidquizine yes! Awesome! I'm seein that today! 
@kidrobot23 its a nice name better than matt 
@KidsAreHeroes  If it makes you feel any better, you inspired me to make my first &quot;block&quot; yesterday!  
@kidsis I know, it's a pain. I hope someday we'll look back &amp; say &quot;Remember when Twitter only allowed 140 characters? How did we get by?&quot; 
@kidsis see you at the screening tonight!! 
@KidSisterMelisa No worries, but you know where to send it. 
@kidsnew That's Right 
@KidStyleFile mmmnnn the kid's want a dog... I'm thinking... furry costume- kill two birds with one stone! 
@kidthings then you better go to that SF show I told you about! 
@kidturbo  it's not really a bad thing, i just don't want to leave the house. everything i need is already here!
@KidYonSei BTW that food was REAL, felt great to eat, thanks again - you rock the kitchen! 
@kidzrevil i really fuckn do 
@kie3ahn yes! there are so many trees here willing to take me under their leaves and branches 
@Kief_Sutherland ahh thanks  i mean even if its not your the picture is enough lol  have a nice day x
@kieft75 @naomikievit Have fun today @ 15:00 Fantastic moment(um) 
@kielovesday26 ahh my brother said what's good with that cosmic status! level 10! 
@KielysWorld  Pain is apart of the healing proccess.  The pain will help you grow into  a stronger person 
@KielysWorld that name is so cute, hope to see a picture soon!!!!!! 
@KielysWorld you are such a great person. 
@kier_o  haha looks like it did! youre already to go to sleep now! 
@KieraAhsee Whoa it's getting very close now. Don't worry I'll be out 
@Kieracakes I'm alright just kinda bored myself  Boring sat. =/
@kieranmurphy Dingle is so lovely in the sunshine! Enjoy 
@kieranmurphy ooh, am suddenly craving ice cream. I'm in! 
@kieranmurphy thanks for followfriday btw   more gastroporn pics today?
@kieranscott beautiful disaster is amazing  finished it in like an hour an a half. loved the ending. can't wait for suspicion in sept 
@kieranthekiz haha nooo. i'm happy enough for the moment with the blackouts new album. and the veronicas album is out in like a week too 
@kieranyo Network operations for Orange.  We're 24 hrs, so I do some funny shifts... but gives me loads of time off! 
@KiernanS  not to be obvious- but Calculus and Physics classes.  
@kierondonoghue yeah he's been spotted there! Roll on tomorrow 
@Kifa7 Who coined &quot;WTFalafil&quot;? 
@Kiff76 we were in GAP outlet looking at all the really cute children's clothes!!! We did think of you and Izzy 
@kiffar well at least you tried! 
@Kifx : hej thanks !  xx
@Kiguel182 i know! lol! i'd be cooler than i thought i was, lol!  x
@Kiguel182 that is so true! lol! i want to learn how to surf! i think that would be a great activity to learn in the summertime.  x
@Kihnfolk It's not music monday just yet 
@kihoyi no food  but a few mojitos to the tune of journey's don't stop believin' in the VIP lounge . . . .
@kihten woot thx for the props!  
@KiiMbahLey uur soo sweet  i'll tell ppl now to follow you ilysdm &lt;33 ^__^
@Kiimm__x  i no lol kim ur on msn ill talk to u about it on there we r soo geeks 
@Kiimm__x oioi so thats what i can smell......youuuuuu 
@kiirrrssttyy haha a little stalkerish but completely understandable! i actually love like thier whole family! 
@kiirstyyyx you diiick 
@KikaBlack I know. Be sure and follow him....  @billythrob  (His name is Bryce)
@kikaiju See the artist's rendering? That dot in the draft is me inside hooked into the system! 
@kikarose good luck to both of us then.. Tweet later.. going to bring the boys rollerblading now.. enjoy your weekend. 
@kikarose I vote poop.  Hope you avoid both 
@kikarose I'm a little loopy from not getting enough sleep lol..but otherwise good 
@kikaycutie13 hahaha.. i don't even care about the song playing right now. lol  i jst wanna hear david xD
@kikhaarinda who's bibo anyway ? ur new BF ? hehe 
@kikibebi  Kristen doesn't have a twitter @TruthTweet. Neither does Rob. But I was fooled too 
@kikihalbert what a beautiful tribute to your friend 
@kikikat We tweet, therefore you can. 
@kikila Avocado &amp; bell pepper salad for me, curries with rice for the hubby and his dad. Nothing terribly exciting, but I enjoyed it. 
@kikila got done watchin the Pacquiao-Hatton fight. Now, hangin at starbucks jammin on the uke with some friends. 
@kikila Watching Movies on TV and drinking wine 
@Kikirowr - Post a complaint about the teacher at www.TeacherComplaints.com  Tell your friends and other students to do the same 
@Kikirowr Angry poop boob baby bear clown 
@Kikirowr dear, dear, anyone can model, and you are definitely attractive enough to model 
@Kikirowr I'm taking the gaming approach to work today. 
@Kikirowr no such thing as too much fun. 
@Kikirowr the dress looks better with the sleeves down btw  more pretty
@kikirowr very cute pic  (are you a model?)
@Kikirowr Well, you could stop by and head out if so 
@Kikisings Yea Pastor Pillow is deep man, I got to get the tape 
Just entered the magical world of Twitter where celebrities and ordinary people meet. How lovely. 
Just entered the world of tweets 
just EXACTLY 3 more months until beyonce concert.....  EXCITING!!
Just explained Twitter to 4 confused coworkers. Couldn't resist the meta. 
just faxed in my apartment application!!! Whee!!!  Now we wait... 
Just febreezed the hell out of one of my work shirts...champ  haha
just fed my daughter for the first time :: one of the best moments of life :: kinda gives a new perspective on Matthew 7 
just fell in love with Lily Allen's music!! 
Just felt baby kick  First time
Just field-tested my first app on an iPhone  Pirate-themed GPS game, worked like a charm after some tweaks! Yaaarrrrrr!
Just figured out that @_Heartbreakers are all my friends. It broke my heart. 
Just figured out that I never really get mad, I'm happy like all the time 
Just figured out that the cast of FTLY arer raging from 26 - 28. 
I'm sure I'm gonna love the next season of Doctor Who 
I'm sure that @jameswilliams90 will be pleased to hear that I've spent the day advertising the LifeStyle PodNetwork wearing my T-Shirt! 
i'm sure that i'm a special people, no fruits, no chocolate, no milk, no candies you might be thinking weeeeeird but noo i'm SPECIAL 
I'm sure you'll be pleased to know that I figured out the iTunes/iPhone issue. Without the help of Miss11 or @Amanzi96  #iPhone
I'm surfing the Internet as usual 
I'm surprised at the lack of heatwave. Although I may be able to have a comfortable day as a result. Spending it with @bumblebee87 
im surprised that i remembered the password for this account. lol. 
I'm surprised with how I accidently broke my fridge ... Lol 
iM SURSH A PEOPLE iN THE CiNEMA ! 
I'm swimmig with by best friend  I love summer !
i'm takin a 4 pound poop 
Im takin a bath 
I'm takin' a shit right now!! 
I'm taking a breather from this Show 148 balls up. My 70,000 download fan club will have to wait I'm afraid 
Im taking a poo 
Is pretty hammered drunk! Props to me! Two nights in a row!!! 
Is pretty much pumped about going to Murray tonight to see Kimbo.... 
is pretty much the happiest person that ever was, right now  I didn't even know I could be this happy â™¥
is pretty stoked that Reese Roper from Five Iron Frenzy remembers me 
is pretty sure she was a haircutter in her previous life.. 
is primping. typical girl behavior - only with a twist (goth day) haha 
is probably sleeping 
is proud of her dad and his piece of work. ( http://www.hakkastudy.in.th/) keep it up papa 
is proud of her tan  work later though ..
is proud of herself for NOT crying while watching my baby love leave for the prom! 
is proud that his daughter scored high on the Virginia SOL Writing Test and received a citizenship award at her 5th grade graduation 
is proud that Wilmington, DE has decreased the number of homicides compared to this time last year by 62%.  Absolutely commendable! 
is psyched up, for tomorrow is the start of classes. @_@ Now, that's some fuck right there!! 
Is pumped dan is coming down tonight!!!! 
is pumped for this amazing day!!!! Life could NOT get any better than it is right now  About to set the wedding date!!!
Is pumped i start work on my hockey tattoo on the 15th of june 
is pushing the new hoorai forum all day long X_X  wuuuuh :x take a look at http://bit.ly/9dgJV  
is putting on skirting boards and filling holes, I am woman hear me roar! lol 
is qoinq to hit the bed, cominq?  lol
just figuring out how to &quot;twitter&quot; wow I thought i was up to speed on the communication tech but apparently i was wrong! 
just filed my leave from work which got approved! bam!  still excited for lalaLAnd though! ï¿½
Just filled out my first 12 pages of MDA Summer Camp application! Only a billion more to go! 
Just filmed a review. Having problems with getting it on my computer so hang tight. 
just finish doin a mile... its officially my everyday routine 
Just finish netball tournament! had the best time ever!! 
Just finished &quot;hitman&quot; the movie, liked it 
Just finished &quot;Too Much&quot;, now on &quot;2 Become 1&quot; 
Just finished &quot;Writing for Visual Thinkers: A Guide for Artists and Designers&quot; - http://bit.ly/19tH8o from @peachpit. A must read! 
just finished @danwest28 birthday cake!! hope he likes it 
Just finished 10 more pages. Good stuff! Gooooooood Stuff!!!! 
just finished 2 projects and an essay..last highschool assignments for the rest of my life.  
Just finished a 45 minute workout on the Chest and went for a 10 minute run, time to finish college assignment!! 
Just finished a 5 mile run. Now munching on an Asian almond salad. Yum 
Just finished a big project! Woohoo! 
Just finished a brisk walk around my apt. complex and bumped into a few people I know that I had no idea lived here...feeling better 
i'm taking a shower then i'm going to work @ AMC Movie Theatre later everyone i start work @ 3PM 
I'm taking it easy today.  Hubby is out playing with his toys and I'm taking advantage of the alone time.  
i'm taking my dad to the  airport in a few. lexus for the day 
I'm taking my man on a date tonight and he doesn't know where 
I'm taking pictures todaaaay  &lt;3
I'm taking Tabitha in for a bath and then I'm getting her ready for bed. Good night everyone 
i'm talking nonsense ... #chesterday 
I'm talking to myself again  time for bed
im talking with czamina 
I'm teaching kids to be evil. I wonder if my grandma would still recommend an Education course if she knew that. 
I'm testing out on how to post photos into twitter. Here's a snapshot of my first attempt of garlic prawn pasta.  http://twitpic.com/68wzw
I'm thankful for my new followers! @GolfintheField @QuakerQuotes @positopia @DebbieTraum @deep62 @ gleniboy @sbwalsh   Thanks so much!!  
I'm thanking God, again!! Jasmin didn't get sick after anymore she went to bed!!!  yay!
I'm the best you eva had! 
I'm the bird with broken wings, she's the song i love to sing  you know who you are xx
I'm the blonde pre-school Teacher Nicca with stiletto red nails.  The kids must love me! 
is quite looking forward to the prospect of watching Sky Sports Live on his Xbox 360 
Is quite pleased that the weather forecast for Cyprus looks so good - not like turkey last year!! Mmmmm... Sunshine!! 
is quite pleased with the way this week is kicking off... may the trend continue... 
is quite possibly about to ditch work in favour of sun! 
is rather enjoying being a lady who lunches when the weather is so nice. Sloaney Poney with Milton today 
Is ravin sooo much  lol
is raving with my annabelle 
Is reading &quot;Riverwind the Plainsman&quot;, Preludes II, V1.  Gosh, would I like to do auguries like Catchflea (Catchstar)...    
is reading @amara_m s superhero 'verse and giggling 
is reading 7th Period is a Secret.  http://plurk.com/p/yu66z
is reading a good book called Before You Meet Prince Charming by Sarah Mally 
is reading about IOMMU, very interesting! 
is reading angels and demons.. trying to finish so i can watch the movie 
is reading 'comic art now' im very happy i bought it 
is reading EU435 in the beautiful sunshine of his Ealing garden 
is reading Girlfriend is a homo blog entries 
is reading her art books again 
Is reading on her roof. 
Is reading Paradise Lost, The Count of Monte Cristo, and the interpretation of dreams all at once 
Is reading PerezHilton.com  Love his site!
is reading PostSecret.com then I'm going to play The Sims 3....again. 
is reading some google news  http://plurk.com/p/xkyj3
is reading stuff on FTTP and Australia's National Broadband Network for his my comparing policy issue.. 
is reading The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teenagers again 
is reading the clique!!! 
is ready for a coming busy week 
Just finished a design for a simple product/concept I'm working on ... it's for a niche. 
Just finished a fun bbq with @vickyradcliffe and @andrew8891...loving summer evenings 
just finished a GIANT bowl of cereal, that has cereal spelled in giant letters on it, plus its yellow and full of AWSOME 
just finished a good talk with my boyfriend about having a servants heart. how can we &quot;wash people's feet&quot; everyday? 
just finished a great roof-top continental breakfast  with a friend. Going on an SA tour now. 
Just finished a light breakfast and heading out the door to Bay to Breakers! And yes, I do have my clothes on! 
just finished a photo shoot for no'ala magazine. When you see the pics, you'll almost hear me coughing in them. 
just finished a project! whew! 
Just finished a Reconnective Healing session. Feeling great! 
just finished a video with Amber. we were like SUPER CRAZY!we had nothing else to do so we videod our crazy selves. uploading.. 
just finished a writing session it was so dope and i jsut uploaded a new video www.youtube.com/halla25 watch it yalle  god bless
Just finished and turned in another paper... Oh the joys of school. Why did I do this again???   Who needs a master's?  LOL  Nite Nite!
Just finished arranging a B&amp;N shelf to prominently feature Escape from Cubicle Nation by @pamslim  Take that bottom shelf, spine only!
Just finished at the gym. Need to this more. 
Just finished at the gym. Now enjoying a nice, hot cup of lapsang souchong at Tea House in Oslo. Coding a little. I love my life. 
I'm the car to west farms mall 
I'm the featured seller on I Made That today  Please click to read my interview! http://tinyurl.com/pv3jvf
I'm the first one at work. Muahaha 
I'm the most tired i have ever been in my life... Good night 
i'm the odd one out.. just call me nikki reed 
I'm the operator with my pocket calculator ... hammersmith 1981 
i'm the second youngest in the room. 
i'm the sun, then i'm the rain. i'm someone you can't explain 
I'M theee coolest @THEREMIXX 
i'm thinkin domino's tonite  im such a fatass, already thinkin about dinner xD
I'm thinkin' I should start rockin' one glove, too. I can even @symphnysldr 's out.  Ugh Rit is hyper and should finish Chem.
Im thinkin its a chem mod 4 day.. Oh the joy :/ ..cnt wait till 2nite tho! Out of the house fiiinnaally!  ..S.x
I'm thinkin' June might be kind to me.. 
I'm thinkin of jus dye-ing my hair...can we say blonde? or aubern they both sound yummy lol 
I'm thinkin of kung pow chicken...and that manderin chicked from the mall? Lol I'm way far out tonight, but its fun here 
im thinkin this Houston trip is gettin more &amp; more difficult but imma make it work some how i've got too many &quot;big plans&quot; while im there 
Im thinking a driving trip of America could be fun 
im thinking a road trip to byron bay this summer sounds like a good idea 
I'm thinking a trip to Regina means more crabs 
I'm thinking about buying a macbook, advices welcome 
im thinking about do video blogs EVERY DAY for a year  should I ? should I not?
is ready for a girls night out in Lake Tahoe tonight with my beautiful bestest friend!!  Woohoo!
is ready for a new day in the sun 
is ready for a sunny day!   Yeeje the sun has found sweden after all!
is ready for an amazing weekend!!!!!!  blahhhh one mroe day&lt;3
is ready for an awesome night! whooooo 
is ready for an exciting weekend... speed street, canes game, pool &amp; relaxing 
is ready for data-visualisation geekery after a carioca de cafe + pasteis de nata 
is ready for her 5day weekend 
Is ready for mexican food tonite with paul and jen 
Is ready for Sage's birthday party!! And the best part is the pizza!! 
is ready for sushi 
is ready for the bachelorette party this weekend and the soon to be infamous &quot;Dong Bong&quot;...Hahaha. Got to love this crazy life!! 
is ready for the last show  
is ready for the MTV Movie Awards tomorrow night! 
is ready for the night 
is ready for the weekend 
is ready for the weekend to begin!!  I have 2 bday parties to go to and I may take the kids swimming!!  Sounds like a fun weekend to me 
is ready for the weekend!  yayyyy
is ready for this shindig. BRING IT ON!!!   
is ready to be new again 
is ready to consume coronas in honor of CINDO DE MAYO. 
Is ready to go back to work tomorrow after having a lot of time off last week.... Let's hope that interview has great results 
Is ready to go home now... pity still half an hour to go... @Therapeutic_C hey Chick 
is ready to go swimming at Brittany's tomorrow! 
is ready to go to Jackson's baseball game! 
is ready to go to kegs eggs and legs! Heidi and Javi just have to open it first 
Is ready to lose (the weight).  Let's do this ladies!
is ready to party it up with her familia on saturday!! congrats peter on graduating!! 
is ready to play some soccer on this beautiful day... then maybe sit on a patio &amp; have a margarita  I love summer time in KY!!!
is ready to see him. R&amp;R starts in a week-ish  Going to enjoy every minute of his leave...beach trip!!!
Is ready to start two new paintings today...a third languishes but I'll get to it  First, coffee, blueberries and pineapple!
is really annoyed at some1. Cant wait till saturday 
is really confused! sipping cool coke, munching &amp; enjoying my favourite hobby, talking 
is really enjoying not freezing his ass off in the mornings. 
is really enjoying the sun today!! looking forward to the weekend 
Is really excited for Alex's party 
Is really excited for this weekend 
is REALLY full after lunch at work, and likes hiding in the test booth!! 
I'm thinking about sneaking out. How much do you bet I get caught. I'm thinking I have pretty good odds. 
I'm thinking about the two cute girls I saw at &quot;Cine Karree&quot; yesterday. One of them blond and the other brown hair. Please write me! 
I'm thinking about uploading their discography if I like the album. And since that's all they've released so far it'd be easy. 
im thinking about you  wish you were here with me to pass out with me
I'm thinking dinner &amp; a workout. Then heading to bed early. I had a lovely nap. 
I'm thinking if redecorating my room... I know! A paradise theme! ... I wish.... 
i'm thinking i'm going to bed now. i'm super tired. tonight has been a good night 
Im thinking in my love...  :S
I'm thinking it's quite criminal to be inside on a sunny day like this. Some serious sunshine going on in London 
I'm thinking of a new, simple, barbecue. What's your thoughts on this one  http://bit.ly/vO8iG 
i'm thinking of cancelling the gap year and instead just going to every music festival for 6 months. sziget looks good  B430.
i'm thinking of stayin up to watch the tonight show 
i'm thinking of volunteering for the canada day event in the park...anyone want to join me? it'd be fun 
I'm thinking of ways on how to make my last year in college very educational 
im thinking of writting a new song...  ...
im thinking very hard  ouch ouch ouch
is really good at making Betty Crocker triple choc muffins. 
is really happy for a change nd i hope i stay tat way 
is really happy to see my very dear friend MJ. It was indeed a wonderful surprise! 
is really looking forward 2 tom, cirque then curry! perfect day me thinks 
Is really looking forward to the bbq me and John are going to tonight, its guna be a wild paaarrrtttyyy 
Is really looking forward to the bike trip next weekend 
is really really excited now, eeeep. I can't wait for McFly now. Argh i can't eat, ha you'll never hear me say that again. 
is really really ready! 
Is really really really really happy 
Just finished badminton. 
just finished baking 4 batches of cookies this morning. Total since Tuesday = 8 batches of early morning cookies.  
Just finished baking brownies and soon I'll be watching bride wars 
just finished baking cookies, CHOC CHIP cookies.  (hoping to get my jac vanek bracelets before JUN3.
just finished baking kalamansi muffin  happy with the results
Just finished bible studies, eating sinigang &amp; rice!  Yummm.
Just finished bible study about an hour ago  thank you God for a successful bible study! we live for you and only for you Lord!!
Just finished blogging. Wow, after 2 hours. Haha, That's what a month of not blogging do to you. I feel sorry for my blog. Haha! 
Just finished booking my flight to NY for the summer. Leaving June 25th. Let me kno if u wanna see me b4 I leave. Send me a message. 
just finished breakfast  time to clean
Just finished breakfast with E, her finace M, and E's parents. It was delicious food. I'll be packing up and heading out in a little bit. 
Just finished Buffy &quot;Seeing Red&quot;, that episode ended with a MOTHER of a cliffhanger! Gunna try and finish the season today 
just finished cleaning her house and is so glad Oreo returned to her home 
just finished cleaning her room.. 
Just finished cleaning my fan... Now i can use it 
Just finished cleaning the house ! Now gonna watch BONES,24 and tweet at the same time. 
Just finished cleaning the house...  Walked past a mirror just now and... EEK! :O I think I'm going to jump in the shower. Tweet you soon!
just finished cleaning the kitchen... who knew it would get that dirty after months of not cleaning it...  haha ooops.
just finished cleaning up - twitter IÂ´m back ;-) waiting for season 3 of gossip girl - i love this show  - xoxo
Just finished collage cant wait till fridayy Me mum has her twinns  &gt;&gt; 
Just finished combat w sara in wilmington, now to fire station and then food! 
I'm thinking, that Jack makes really cute noise when he snoozes 
im thinking... 
im thinking...i need a coffee to wake me up now lol 
i'm thirsty! and may just be off with daddy to buy a laptop 
i'm thirsty.  i'm going to take a drink. waterr or juice? tehe. &lt;33
I'm through 
I'm tierd. Going to bed and watching season one of one tree hill. 
i'm tipsy and with him. content? yes. 
im tired [[: have a good night.    eeehhh only 2 more weeks of school left! 
I'm tired =/ Buttt to promote my twitter, I'm giving 3,000 followers a surprise Katy Perry present! Follow me and check your messages 
I'M TIRED AND BURNT FROM THE BEACH! I lost my game, but was cool 
I'm tired and feeling kinda dehydrated... Had fun though. 
I'm tired and going to sleep soon  good night.
I'm tired and grumpy, I will make French Toast and then sleep. 
Im tired and having a bad headache. Ugh. Time to sit back and relax and listen to some tunes. 
just finished commerce homeworkk 
Just finished cooking a nice and juicy meal, wanna sample? 
Just finished cooking a sumptuous Italian dinner! Chow time! 
just finished cooking dinner - beef and bacon fried rice with veges  but very filling... now doing a bit of work before final Turkey prac!
just finished cooking,yumm!!  going to the gym at 6  yayy summer is here  btw happy monday! ITS FINALLY JUNE 
just finished Coraline, really great movie 
Just finished cutting the grass - absolutely glorious afternoon. Now I fancy a cold beer or a G&amp;T 
just finished cutting up those laminated things I need for work tomorrow, whist watching Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol 
just finished dance performance, if youre up for angels &amp; demons call me! 
just finished decorating my cubicle. pictures,music,lighting, candy, office supplies, i am all set  time to get to work!
just finished dinner  yeah you all really needed to know that.
Just finished dinner at a nice restaurant along Tanjong Pagar Road. Good food, reasonable price. It's worth it! 
Just finished dinner with Alex 
Just finished dinner with phil, alex, n his bros friends. wat a lively bunch. was lots of fun 
just finished dinner. Gotta do post-production on my next song  http://plurk.com/p/vhrs7
Just finished dinner. Indian food again. Mmmmm it was yummy 
Just finished dinner...it was yuuuuummmmy! 
Just finished doing house chores and finally the grass got some rain. Hope the farmers are happy.  Looks like good weather ahead.
Just finished doing 'khilwaar' with a Select menu. 
Just finished doing the July '09 cover! 
Just finished downloading Door to Door. I'm going to save it for tomorrow in between classes so I have an excuse to put off studying. 
just finished drivers ed 
just finished dying my hair 
just finished eating a slice of strawberry pie it is the bomb dot com  
just finished eating breakfast  corn flakes... with sugar. :3
just finished eating breakfast with Jayson, Steph, and Maria. :]  now.. gettin ready for the Graduation Practice. 
Just finished eating dinner we ordered food from Ruby Tuesday &amp;. Andy picked it up on his way home I had lobster ravioli 
just finished eating lunch... had chocolates for desserts... weee 
just finished eating my dinner.  chicken again...
just finished eating my raisin bran crunch  @bleakosity11 now im gonna go play &quot;&quot;shuffle board&quot;&quot; cuz i know u gon say sumthin smart!
Just finished eating some cinnamin toast crunch for breakfast now i am listening to adam lamberts no boundaries! 
Just finished eating some Viet food; I'm sooo full! 
just finished eating with the family now a little quiet time &amp; movie ... 
Just finished eating.! 
JUST finished editing our tokio hotel music video!  now its sleepy time  goodnight &lt;3
just finished editing some of my sites,  time to watch sonny with a chance! 
just finished English exaam not manyy left now woo 
just finished english, HALLELUJAH!  time tooo finish the weekend with a BAM! 
Just finished exam :-S pending resit if applicable, thats me done 
Just finished extreme tutoring Tasha, sore throat later soothed by sweet sweet rockstar 
Just finished Father's Day present &amp; sent it off w/Abuelita who's leaving to Colombia today. 
Just finished filming and now off to another audition. 
Just finished GCSE Maths exams  YEEEEEEAH!!!
just finished german class ready for a big lunch!! 
Just finished getting the best corn and had a billion conversations with my cousin 
Just finished give the hubby a back rub now it nite nite time goodnight my twitter fam...dueces and I'm out 
Just finished giving a great color inspiration presentation at Sherwin Williams.  It was awesome!  Enjoying the rest of this sunny day 
I'm tired and I'm at work. Go figure 
Im tired and im waiting for mario strikers charged football on sunday. 
i'm tired but i'm in a good moood 
Im tired but it was a good workout 
i'm tired bye twittterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
I'm tired good night everybody xP see you later 
im tired hopefully tommorow is just as good 
I'm tired of making another plaid BG. I'll just make one, for today. 
I'm tired to spare. I sleep, I cant stand. Niiiight!  xx
I'm tired today....but I did have fun last night! 
i'm tired u guuuuuys...where was the weekend i lost it again...grrr....oh well at least its sunny outside 
Just finished going through the desk and important files- Phase 1 &quot;Pack it up Move it out&quot; complete 
just finished grubbin' on some Jack's after lotsa drinking.  Good night twitter world.  PS @Vutha, I don't remember taking that pic haha 
just finished half of the movie slumdog millionaire. now im about 2 go 2 sleep. goodnight everyone 
Just finished having a cookout at 2 in the morning and is now gonna go watch Frailty!!!! 
Just finished having dinner. Had fish fillets. 
Just finished helping my new flat mate move his stuff in. Things will never be the same again..   I just had pizza! Mmmmm
just finished her exams. life's good. 
just finished his contribution to Sunday dinner... yams!! 
just finished hurr. its soooo soft 
Just finished in Heerde, lost my voice (DUH hehehe) but it was truly an amazing night! God simply rocked the place! Me like 
Just finished installing a LAMP server, then I installed wordpress. This time I didnt have any problems 
Just finished instruments for new song. You will like it 
Just finished JMac's &quot;The Power of Suffering&quot;. A zillion more to go. The quest for knowledge, it never ends. 
just finished job &amp; full of energy...i think am gona hit the gym 
Just finished June issue of Cookie magazine. Great profile of Care.com. 
just finished karaokeing w/my dad for an hour we love that song that song &quot;Kumot at Unan&quot; by APO Hikings hehe  less than 5 seconds ago
Just finished laying out and hanging with friends. Great day  ~mjh
Just finished learning a new song 
Just finished listening to Cherry Martinez. Luved the topic tonite. As always, the topics are off the chain. 
just finished listening to the new bombay bicycle club song!!! its super!!! 
Just finished looking at apartments for my sister for next year...went in her place bc she is studying.....I'm such a good sister, huh?  
is really sore from workouts, so thinks thats a good excuse for being lazy today 
is really surprised that  we are whizzing through trigonometry and line circles...he is better than I am at it 
is really thankful for all of the people who supported Walk A Mile 2009.  We walk tomorrow at 11AM 
Is really thinking I need to start getting some frequent flyer miles!!?! Whatcha think @Tenette &amp; @MsBchik?? 
is really tired...but I enjoy helping so that's what I get. 
Just Finished Looking Out The Window NYC Is very Dark Haha Cant wait Till Summer YAY 
just finished LP project... 2 weeks before final deadline! 
Just finished makin mum some scrambled eggs and toast. 
Just finished makin pancakes full with cherry jam,it got yyumi.. 
Just finished making a Banana Split cake that is to die for! 
just finished making a new Friendster Layout.  could you please view it and comment? 
just finished making her own quiz..  http://plurk.com/p/sy502
just finished making myself a new pencil case. it has giraffes on it   
just finished making the music for a song called 'everything is ok'..... i &lt;3 it  x
just finished moviing out ^^,at 17 
just finished moving back to florida  
Just finished moving/adding/subtracting furniture from my room, now I have to put all my clothes back in order and showerrrr 
just finished my #FollowFridays thanks to all you amazing people who make Twitter such a great place 
Just finished my 1st junior cert exam   Cant wait till its over 
just finished my ancient assignment, so stoked! whos watching Origin, IM NOT 
just finished my bff's birthday present. it's amazing. 
just finished my biology homework...Good night twitter...if u need me call me or DM me 
Just finished my end of the year history essay on a current event. I chose.... GAY RIGHTS  FUCK YAH
just finished my english paper.. break time!!! 
Just finished my first book. It was good 
Just finished my first exam for the term  woot.  Was for History, hopefully I get a passing grade.  I'm not big on essay tests.
just finished my first workout with EA Active. I am exhausted! Time to work on a post about it 
Just finished my history coursework! yay! 
Just finished my homework 
Just finished my hum essay 
just finished my last exam  AND MY SIMS 3 COLLECTORS EDITION ARRIVED. and the dvds i ordered and INFAMOUS for my ps3. good times.
Just finished my last exam, politics, and am sat in the funky monkey with a double espresso  Perfection.
Just finished my maths exam yey! No more maths ever again  now watching my wife and kids. Brilliant.
Just finished my new production sign  Gonna upload it now XD
Just finished my nightly convo with Court  LOVE HER!!!!
just finished my paperwork!  time for some twitter fun.  Hit me up people lemme know what's crackin! 
Just finished my practice cooking exam, hmmmm choc brownie 
Just finished my sociology exam...in my eyes, it went pretty good.  I've decided to chill out with a good movie (kingdom of heaven)!!
Just finished my stupid midterm self assessment and I'm headed outside into this wonderous day 
just finished my talk at eLiberatica 2009 
Just finished my test, feelin good 
Just finished my Twitter page, now I'm ganna start posting stuff on there  I'm in love with a beautiful girl  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
Just finished my workout and heading home to do my quiet time 
I'm tired! Time for sleep! Today's CookBook's b-day! Wish that foo a happy one @CookBookthePR 
im tired, but determined to watch all of my vogue podcasts 
i'm tired, daydreaming of a cushy couch, a glass of iced tea, something hot to eat, and hank III naked, tied to something, begging for it 
I'm tired, slept like a rock. Now, after placing the head in order, back to my &quot;virtual reality&quot; 
I'm tired. And I smell like grass. Successful day  Pics on fb. Watching a movie soon. Why is this tweet so choppy?? lmao
I'm tired. Godd night everybody. 
im tired. i love jordan to death. hes so sweet XD 
I'm tired... but happy.  Still reading &quot;Reaper Man&quot; and even sent a application to McDonald to get enough money for the irish dwcon. ^^
im tired....but im still gona be up til midnight or later!  so much fun
im tired...bout to fall asleep watching re-runs of sex and the City...so happy i didnt go out tonight. 
i'm tired...but it's 11 o'clock in the morning 
I'm tired...night tweeps! Tomorrow is Spelman's graduation...can't wait to sing the sweetheart song with my babies 
Just finished of first drafts if phile coursework 
Just finished off first drafts if phile coursework 
just finished onlining.watching Hannah Montana Season 3 now  - http://tweet.sg
Just finished ordering my annual credit reports - I know super exciting 
just finished our weekly board meeting. today was a concall. Varun joined as &quot;Amanda Hugginkiss&quot; 
just finished packing my things for tomorrow.. so stoked!! 
Just finished packing.. Getting ready to go fishing 
just finished painting my nails a nice coral colour... I'm feeling all summery 
just finished part2 of the lost finale and it was amazing! Bring on the final season 
Just finished Perfect fifths. Made me So happy 
just finished Persuasion by Jane Austen, I think this is her best novel . Relaxing with Casey 
just finished playing computer games 
Just finished playing the Ocean Course with Blake and Dick. I'm very imperssed I didn't lose my ball in the dark. Flashlights next time 
Just finished practice... new songs on the way!! 
Just finished practice... we are trying to figure out what songs to play for a 45 min set... so many good ones to choose from 
Im too lazy to update my plurk 
I'm too much of a twitter lurk to use this. I will anyway, though. 
I'm torn! At least I'm baking with dims and lex tomorrow for sure. @_chesca if i suddenly decide to go, will you pick me up from dims'? 
I'm totally diggin' my new twitground!  (twitground = background)
I'm totally digging those toys  http://bit.ly/ke8a6
I'm totally happy right now .. Can't believe  Offline &lt;3
I'm totally in the apple store typing to you. Cause I'm just that harcore please. 
i'm touched at janice hung......my Q&amp;A about her for the defunct INSIDER mag is in www.janicehung.com!  i miss this girl! 
I'm trashed but I did it for Robert!! 
I'm treating myself to a pedicure tonight. 
is really wondering how to work twitter! I need help 
is re-arranging her crib  more mcfly posters ohyess + pinning their pizza box up from oxford newtheatre  x
is rebooting relic and hoping to 'see' @vmadly b/f going face down.  :p  It's been a loooong wonderful weekend.  
Is recording today 
is recovering from a fun night 
is recovering from a great weekend 
Is recovering from back surgery: keep an eye out at http://www.connersc.com for recovery ramblings 
is recovering from last night! Good Times  x
is recovering from last nite.......but oh so worth it 
Is recovering from running by sunbathing in kennington park, reading philosophy. . . And is just hoping the sun stays around all week 
is recovering from some spontaneous fun last night, just in time to go to nearly useless classes. Still, I'm glad I joined in last night 
Is relaxing 
is relaxing after the crazy wedding weekend pool party later 
Is relaxing and praying...... And pondering what i would do do help achieve world peace. 
Is relaxing at the pool with my ipod and a good book.. 
is relaxing on the couch, Sundays are the best 
I'm trying out the palm pre. No one is even around it   http://twitpic.com/6v1pm
I'm trying out tis twitter now 
Im trying out twitter to see what all the fuss is about 
I'm trying to answer every tweet so don't get mad at me if I'm taking long 2 reply 
Im trying to bulk up, which means double meals 
I'm trying to call Kennedy but she wont answer the phone! Haha! 
I'm trying to figure out this &quot;e-how&quot; thing... write articles, make money.. we'll see if that really works or not 
i'm trying to figure this twitter business out, ahhh! 
Just finished reading &quot;Lock and Key&quot; by Sarah Dessen. Such a great book! I loved it! 
Just finished reading &quot;Recreate Your World - Find your voice, shape the culture, change the world&quot;  Very Informational and Stirring!!
Just finished reading a great book called Marcelo In The Real World. Not my usual style but i loved it 
Just finished reading Goblet of Fire.  Now on to Order of Pheonix.  I love rereading Harry Potter 
Just finished reading Gordon Smith's new book Developing Mediumship and highly recommend it to everyone who's keen on exploring this path 
just finished reading hp and the otp. LOL. how're you? 
Just finished reading Miley Cyrus - Miles to go. It was so inspirational  x
Just finished reading my Jpop feeds, guise. Seems Arashi was hanging out on a bus with Gackt and they got in a bus crash with Lady Gaga. 
Just finished reading the 3rd book on kindle. It's refreshing to be reading again, but staying up till 3am to finish needs to stop. 
Just finished reading 'the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy'. So funny! Loving Ford Prefect right now. 
just finished recording an old and new song 
just finished recording vocals, the record is almost finished! 
Just finished repairing a shower stem valve, gasket went bad late last night and I was forced to shutoff water. A-okay now!! 
Just finished Revolutionary Road. Good movie!  I think it's time for a nap though! 
just finished science studying now time to do math . Not that scared for exams, i feel ready 
Is relaxing on this beautiful sunday 
is relaxing while her sick daughter sleeps..then out for an evening jog! (Tbone -- Let's Go Mets!) 
is relaxing with her sister and neicee. 
is relaxing! 
is relieved that the bulge in the cloth on the couch is gone 
is reliving her old love of 'teenagers' yay 
Is remembering how awesome service was yesterday 
is reminiscing about her childhood and this came to mind, http://tinyurl.com/rlpw6. She had one of these as a little girl 
is reminiscing David Cook's old Idol performances... ahh.. good times good times... Adam Lambert's too 
is reminscing on Normanstock memories. 
is requested at phuture. How glamorous is glamorous!  And maybe i'll wear my leopard print spandex to irritates the lapsap lots. Awesome!!
is re-readinf New Moon  Refreshing my knowledge of it before the movie is out.
is re-reading some Harry Potter 
is researching on (other) things to do in Bora.  http://plurk.com/p/xukse
is researching techniques on how to potty train a boy. Wish me luck people and all suggestions are welcome! 
is resting and enjoying the peaceful weekend 
is resting at home..... 
is resting her eyes. 
is revising Chemistry 
is revising for int business ops exam last 2 exams and then it all over 
is ridin back home on my lovely BENZ  yall need to step yalls game up! tonight was live! next week SMH goin down
Is right by the space needle 
Is riiiiidiculous...ly awesome 
Is rolling around on the floor while waiting for the brownies to be done 
Is rookie of the day! Woohoo!!!!!!!!!! I love it here 
is rooting for Fed Ex 
is running the Charmed re-runs on DVD for the nth time. A li'l magic keeps me happy!  http://plurk.com/p/z18ci
is sad about the Air France plane ): RIP. but watching Aladdin &lt;3 and playing SIMS FRIGGEN 3  http://bit.ly/2na9gu
Just finished setting up a TeamCity server at home for my hobby projects. How nerdy is that? 
Just finished singing Old Nassau, PU Orchestra was spectacular! All the alums are on a field waiting for fireworks 
just finished slumdog millionaire. crazy good movie. i can see how it won oscars. the dance scene at the end is fun too. 
just finished some new stuff finally       
Just finished some training. Preping for the Pre meeting Wednesday. 
Just finished strings on one of our new demo's. My dad plays double bass on it  it's a family affair http://twitpic.com/6ebkm
just finished studying 4 today!!!   On facebook, msn, and then bedd.
Just finished studying and watching OTH. Good night, Janelle and Leah.  Ortho appointment at 10a. Good night, world.
Just finished studying for Abnormal Psychology. Eek. I still have two more days. I'll do more than fine 
just finished taking a bath. I'm in Manila right now. 
Just finished taking a midterm. Feel pretty good about this one . Now preparing 4 ENS meeting FS3B @ 5:15pm Rm 115. Photoshop overview 
just finished taking a shower, 2nd one today  yehey for being clean! 
Just finished talking to dad on the phone and he's sending me turn tables so that I can DJ at home! 
Just finished talking with the people in Vegas! 
Just finished taping my phone together. Yep, it's on it's last leg. Time for my iPhone, hint hint 
Just finished teaching a wedding dance- Rumba!!! The couple is so cute and fast learners 
Just finished the AP study review 
just finished the dreaded&quot;cleaning house day.&quot; i am soooo tired and sore. its sad, but it's good to have a clean house again.  lol
just finished the exam. I did ok, I guess. 
just finished the floorong in my house. Sore from hair to heels. 
just finished the ironing  suitcase is ready (3) (243)
Just finished the last show here in Arkansas.  Heading back to LA in a few hours! 
Im trying to make new friends on twitter!!! Follow me 
I'm trying to see how this site is working. 
i'm trying to spam comment them into replying  @BryceNeil
I'm trying to work, but am highly distracted what with the interesting people to meet on Twitter 
im trying to write a love poem... i'm about half way through and now i have nothing to write in it... oh well i'll keep thinking 
I'm trying to write and I keep getting re-Tweeted. 
I'm tryna go to this zoo tomorrow. Hopefullyyyyyyy! 
I'm trynna' make some Thai Iced Tea, 'cause aye -- It's a beautiful day  Haha.
im ttly bored 
I'm turning twenty today! 
I'm tweetimg from my ipod touch!!! 
I'm tweeting and web surfing during this graduation mass. 
I'm tweeting. 
im twenty-two on the twenty second 
I'm twittering 
Just finished the logo for PCB www.peternudo.com/Final-pcb.jpg feedback is welcome 
Just finished the longest Getting Loopy in history. It would have been shorter had @skamamma counted her time zones correctly 
Just finished the Miles to go book! 
Just finished the movie Taken, heard the Magic won!! Woot woot, now onto more rum n coke  and weed!
just finished the musical score for episode 4. now i'm going to call it a night. back to work tomorrow morning!  #fb
Just finished the new blog 
Just finished The Notebook. I really wanna watch Whatever it Takes, but it's like 2 am haha. Off to bed 
Just finished the rally!! it was so funny  but it could have ended in a better way...
Just finished the show with Donnie  now back to the city then home
just finished the talk at the university and heading out for coffee now with rizza 
Just finished the Twilight saga of books. Hmmmmm, now what book will ever compare? I'm open to suggestions. 
just finished the website which took me 4h today, that's crazy. but it looks good if i say so myself haha! i'm proud  up next: exams.
Just finished the workout and the mile walk. Hoppin in the shower. Smile 
Just finished tilling up the garden by hand!    (no tiller this year)  Tomorrow we can start planting the plants we have already started.
just finished TKB &amp; pilates. I am feel so great and peaceful now 
Just finished training w/CARA. 3miles. Need to work up tp 5. More walk/running tomoz 
Just finished two chapters in the project Math toolbox for natur and kultur. Only two chapters left 
Just finished up mommy janet's video 
just finished up my fall 2009 schedule  music classes &lt;3.
just finished up true blood season 1. yay now i can go read all the fanfiction i want 
Just finished up with Reserve weekend.  Wow! What a busy couple of days.  Looking forward to vacation in 2 days.  
just finished updated some works in Gallery Page 5.  http://bit.ly/AOpwM  Thanks for reading! 
just finished uploading highschool mini-reunion photos on my facebook 
Just finished uploading photos. Take a look my facebook 
Just finished uploading round 1 of my Vegas pics to facebook. Friends can go check 'em out! Not everything that happens in Vegas stays 
Just finished venting to Toni about my evening!  Phew... Now I can get some sleep. 
just finished voting for my favorite teen choice awards nominees. btw; @tristanwilds; i voted for ya! 
just finished walking the streets of cambridge to talk to business owners about Lasso.  Favorite quote &quot;this is unprecedented&quot; 
Just finished washing my face while texting my loves and jammin to slow tunes by britney spears, a skylit drive and demon hunter 
just finished watching &quot;catch me if you can&quot; 
Just finished watching &quot;How to Be&quot; with the luscious Robert Pattinson. It was a good flick. By the way... Babs is ok! 
just finished watching &quot;Role Models&quot; (hilarious), and debating whether to go to 251. Hmmm... 
Just finished watching &quot;we want it but we have no budget.&quot; It pokes some good fun at organizational buyers.   http://tinyurl.com/mtvd7e
Just finished watching &quot;White on Rice&quot;. Very funny. If you get a chance, go see it!  
Just finished watching 27 Dresses with mommy. 
just finished watching angels and demons with my friends 
just finished watching antwone fisher again...now to write my paper...and im pretty sure i got a 100 on my math final if not still a A 
Just finished watching Australia and came to the conclusion that I have a huge crush on Hugh Jackman. 
just finished watching awhole lot of robs fantasy factory...night and have a pleasant morning/day! 
Just finished watching Blazing Saddles hahaha Such a Great Film 
Just finished watching Bride Wars. I love chick flicks 
just finished watching Con Air, now Gone in 60 Seconds. Must be Nicholas Cage's birthday. @haleipukukui 
just finished watching DragonBall Kai. Can't wait for the release of episode 8!  (dance) http://plurk.com/p/uicjt
Just finished watching F1 and now feels more lively 
just finished watching Gl6ry Road... what an awesome movie... loved, just loved, the music...  
Just finished watching Gossip Girl 
Just finished watching Hana Kimi the drama.  Was very good   Now to figure out what to watch next.
Just finished watching Hancock. It was cute 
just finished watching 'i litre of tears'. well, not bad. like it ! 
Just finished watching Let the Right One In. Wow, what a sweet, gory, coming of age story. 
Just finished watching Man of The House. Such a funny movie. Off to bed now. BBQ at noon! 
Just finished watching my 13yr old twin girls in blackpool winter gardens dance show, well done, i'm very very proud  xxx
Just finished watching 'Never Been Kissed'.  How are we all? About to return comments and review. ^-^
just finished watching premonition, balled my eyes out, such a sad story!! But i loved cuddling up to Finky with my duvet!!  Xx
Just finished watching Revenge Of The Nerds.  DH was amazed that I had never seen it.  And I was a big time nerd 
Just finished watching Rob Bells everything is spiritual with T....man God is good!!!!  A must see.  By the way WINGS &amp; CUBS on tonight 
just finished watching ruins.  3 out of 5 
just finished watching season four of Grey's Anatomy! So good 
just finished watching 'skinwalkers' it was quite good 
Just finished watching Supernatural 1x09 and the cute boys (especially Jensen Ackles! &lt;3) made me feel a little better 
Just finished watching Taken. Such a good movie. Loved it  Huge!
just finished watching 'terminator'.. uhmmm.. its time for.. FARMTOWN!! 
just finished watching the Cranford series 
Just finished watching The Empty Child / The Doctor Dances  YAY for Jack! #doctorwho
Just finished watching The Empty Child / The Doctor Dances  YAY!
Just finished watching the last of Star Wars 
just finished watching the mwb play at ft eustis 
just finished watching tru confessions.. it is such a good movie! I want the old disney back! Shia labeouf is friggin cute! 
Just finished watching Untamed Heart and I bawled like a baby!!!! ADM how I love that movie. 
just finished watching UP again... why did i cry this time? i love double dating 
Just finished watching Walk The Line. Joaquin Phoenix is amazing. I love the scar on his lip.  haha What great actors in that movie. 
Just finished watching Wally with my old man.   Very cute!
Just finished watching 'Wanted' - amazing film!  And now I have officially cleared my Sky+ planner! Hurrah!
just finished watching, Botched (Uncut)......i like odd! 
Just finished watching.. OMFG , Nick Whitaker!! Eeep! Haha  â™¥
just finished Watchmen... that was incredible. i only meant to read a couple of chapters but i couldn't put it down. wow. 
just finished with the session!! Ahh Music! 
just finished work I hope Katies having a good first day today! Quick nap befor lax now 
Just finished work so sitting outside enjoying the only bit of sun I've been able to the last few days 
just finished work! off to bed! up at 10! great!  man i love work
just finished work, chilling out with graeme. coloursfest 2moro 
just finished work, heading home soon 
just finished working  they were super happy today also &lt;3
Just finished working out  &amp; is glad Cam won the VMA's &quot;best fight&quot; for the second time!! Tomorrow=polishing &amp; washing the bimmer and...?
Just finished working out with doug 
Just finished working out, started tge great Angels and Demons, and now sitting on yet another plane... Wow haha uve gotta love it 
Just finished working out. I feel exhausted but great at the same time! 
Just finished working out. Now I am waiting for my hubby to feed me. I am so happy he cooks all the meals! 
Just finished wrapN up Jesses Grad Gifts. Not sure if it's just me, but Santas helpers ain't got Cheetos on me! 
Just finished writing and recording a song! Happy Happy ME! 
Just finished writing my &quot;Teach Speech&quot; outline! Now I gotta type it up. Then do devo's and go to SLEEEP! Feels good to get stuff done. 
just finished writing my fourth song 
Just finished yummy brunch w my girls... Going to see the hangover 
just finishied watching the movie &quot;He's just not into you&quot; enjoyed it completely, watched is a 2nd time Hopelessly in love with this film 
Just finishing a bottle of Krutz Family Cabernet Sauvignon 2005 and a thick fatty ribeye steak! 
just finishing studying for LSATs and watching VH1 Soul 
Just finishing up the new Relax Clothing Summer 09  hope your all as excited as we are !
Just finishing up the StripPRS promotion @ E3, we'll be back tomorrow with more swag!  @jaimefox, I'm dressed like a Hooters girl!!!
Just finishing vacuum cleaning the house with our new Dyson, So much fun to see the result in the dyson 
just finishing what turned out to be a nice day 
just finland my lunch and my first tweet of the day 
Just finnished cleaning the rabbit hutches and now gonna have tea 
Just finnished dying my friends hair!,leaving for gridley soon! 
Just finnished the jaffa cakes 
i'm twittering from my new iphone love it! 
Im twittering like no tomorrow over here 
I'm twittering or tweeting or whatever 
I'm twittering! And sitting next to Josh Mayor at Dannfest 
I'm up &amp; @ em! Chilln with my boy B!  Lots coin on today! 
Im up &amp; about 2 get Jaiden up. 
Im up &amp; redi 4 today's t20. Should be gd, wearin at top that finally fits me after 4years in the boob department!!  x
I'm up after sleeping through the night.  Now I have my yoghurt &amp; green tea with peppermint to wake me up.  
i'm up ahaa nice. today should be good 
Im up and awake now i need to get dressed and call taxi to go pre-school fun times not in the mood today but blah what can i do? 
I'm up and awake... at 8am ugh. Meeting John for lunch at 1  so I won't be stuck in roasting all day at least
i'm up and getting ready 
im up at one in the mornning and bored as hell...omg lets see if i can pull an all nighter... 
Just finnished up making an account. 
just finsihed lunch,oh how i love wraps 
Just five more days. Five more long days. Ahh! 
Just fixed a DB bug, so now searching should return lots more science, medical and tech' jobs for you! All @ http://zeonjobs.com. Enjoy 
just fixed a mess called my hair  haha
Just fixed dinner for the family 
just fixed my computer!!! 
just flat ironed my hair. now it is straight. 
Just flipped the switch on my new 802.11n wireless network. Hello speedy wireless  Buh bye congested 2.4GHz spectrum.
just followed LC and step pratt  miss The Hills, havent seen it lately...
Just fooled the police outside  LOL. It's always good to exactly know what the legislation rules are.
Just for @baby_gyrl615 
Just for fun, ask yourself this: Which grower are you? Biodynamic thinker or a Permaculture thinker? These are two separate theologies. 
just for mathias : #squarepsace 
just for the record, i havent slept. not yet 
Just for the sake of proving to Cy that I will use my twitter from now on. 
Just found $20  
just found $50. it is going to be a good day 
Just found 2 amazing videos of my ex-boyfriend, who was an opera singer, performing. Thanks, youtube. 
Just found a clip on YouTube of a certain Pop singer name-checking me at a gig.  Wow... I had no idea it was televised. Feeling Special 
Just found a deck of magic cards. Awesome! It reminds me of 14. 
just found a gorgeous pic of the extremely tasty Zachary Quinto and Chris Pine!! Yum!!!  #SaveEarl
just found a puerto rico quarter in my wallet! that was cool! was not informed on the new makings of quarters! 
Im up finally , getting ready for work 
Im up guys!! BTW: Spread the word that Tisha is NOT to b fucked with!! Real deal. But other than that, Im all  over here!
Im up in my boxers, about to take a shower. 
im up jus talk'n 2 thee boyfriend..wit his sexy self ahahhaah i luv dat man!!!! kant wait til he kum's out here 2 see mme 
I'm up super fucking early. |: Trampoline goes up today 
I'm up to 3000 targeted followers!! Thanks to all 
I'm up too early but I'm off into college now,  woot  And I've had time, so I look generally okay. Will put some washing in then off I go!
I'm up waiting for the world to catch up. Watching Donnie Darko  http://myloc.me/2MxT
I'm up way too early and it's rather cold. On the brighter side, @Becky_howard and I are going on our picnic today 
I'm up! It's almost 4 pm. haha. I'm in a very good mood because I'm listening to Panic At The Disco! Whooo 
I'm up! Rise and Shine people! 
I'm up!! just got out of the shower. today is my first big test! I'm a little nervous...but it'll be okay! wish me luck! 
is sat alone, in a room thats not his own, listening to pap pap pap. and only you get that 
is sat bored at uni ipod on and thinking what to do for an hour n half... but has lovley things to look forward to    (nothing to do w ...
is sat dancing to hey by mitchel musso 
is sat in bed watching the coronation street omnimbus, thinking about gettin' some lunch 
is sat in ICT doing nothing.  Such a productive day so far..NOT.
is sat in teaspoons 
is sat in the sun  loving it
Is sat on the beach in Scarborough 
is sat outside listening to oasis  going seeing them on thursday  can't waiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit!
is sat watchin hollyoaks on chan4 and relaxin dont you just love sundays 
is saving up 'till HK. 
Is sayin night night and that his girl better be goin to bed  haha laaaaaateee
is saying &quot;funny how you never know who you're going to need or who will need you. Respect Yourself+Respect Others! 
is saying g'bye Lady GaGa. Im a big fan but yeah you're so sikat na. Hahaha. And I hate it. 
is saying goodbye to Melissa(leaving for Europe) then working 10-6...then Arianna's to clean her room up! 
is saying happy year and eleven months babes  &lt;3
is searching for a cute pair of boardshorts.. pool party on sundayy! 
is searching for music on bearshare. Got a lot of cool new songs 
is searching for the sun. Good morning all  
is searching new inspiration. F#%* schoolz-o! that's for kids. 2nd album go than there aren't girls but steady ladies for real 
Is secretly awake 
is seeing adam tomorrow 
IS SEEING BLINK182 IN SEPTEMBER!! THIRD ROW!! AHH!! CAN'T WAIT!!    SO EXCITED!! THE BEST BAND EVER!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 BE JEALOUS :]
is seeing Britney In Manchester On The 17th instead    xxxx
is seeing drag me to hell tonight  yayyyy.
is Senior Class President!  &quot;Praise Him for His acts of power; praise Him for His surpassing greatness.&quot; Psalm 150:2
is seriously chill. Seriously. Chill. 
Just found a vintage cream lace slip outside!! Its my lucky night 
just found a whole stack of not-banked in angpao money from cny.. dunno how many yrs ago! yay! 
Just found loads of old Game Boys from years ago. Randomness.   http://www.twitpic/6ry12
Just found my bluetooth mic to the PS3. that saved me $40. 
Just found my copy of The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas! Score! 
just found my favourite picture of @shaunjumpnow 
Just found my journal that I haven't updated since January of 2008. My, how so much has happened since then. Updating the good news now. 
just found my namco plug in 
Just found out a friend is pregnant for the 3rd (and apparently final!) time. Awesome 
Just found out about a bead show this weekend!!  Guess who's making an appearance 
Just found out 'Adderall has a similiar rushing effect to Cocaine.' Score one for Adderall, minus one for Cocaine. Remember don't sext!!! 
is serving the best beer in town: Sommerbier Kriek Timmermans vom Fass 
is serving the best beer in town: Sommerbier Kriek Timmermans vom Fass  @ 04h04
Is setting up msn 4 my 10 yr old cousin  bless....
is settling down nicely @ new office 
is settling down on the couch...promised I would watch movies with the hubby and my daughter, but later want to finish book 3 of Twilight 
is settling down to watch twilight for like the umpteenth time! 
Is settling down with some good ol ROH, 
is settling down with work, frozen pizza, and a movie 
is settling in for another fun day at the office 
is sewing for my college class! 
is shattered but happy that she completed the Race for Life. 
is shit faced  yay transitions!!!!
is shocked by David and Juan on the Bachelorette...go Ed and Kypton 
is shopping 
is shopping during lunch break. 
Is shopping in the rain. 21 months together wiv the boyfriend  very happy
Is shopping with mamma 
is sick ehhh i hate it!! Lucky day off tomorrow 
is sick of mediocrity goddammit, when are we going to look up and do something?  Are you doing your bit?  I am &amp; hope you are too.  
is sick of revising, so is now in her pj's at 4pm 
Im up!!!  it's raining....AGAIN. Whats that thing called sun, idk, havent seen it
I'm up!... Shower time and then heading to my parents! I'll prob stop by Chickfila for b'fast. 
I'm up, farming before work LOL with a nice brew 
I'm up. Can't decide what to wear. Off for a day of alcohol 
I'm up. quite... err, early. My colleague &amp; i are off for outfit hunting. Need some new gowns. Gonna leave my 2 big babies sleeping. 
I'm up..... weather out looks gorgeous 
im updating my &lt;new Myspace page&gt; add me &lt;www.myspace.com/slc09&gt;  have a great day every1
I'm updating my Facebook status just for Ann. I just woke up. Insert another obvious thing here. 
im updating my twitter  new jonas tonight! hip hip hooray!
I'm updating my twitter from the kitchen... THIS I AWESOME 
I'm updating my website and using twitter to test out a new module.  
i'm uploading the pictures 
Im using my phone again to update again  ha i love this thing
is sick. amp na enrollment yun  but happy Ã¼ http://plurk.com/p/xv33t
is signing off. TIRED. need to rest now. good night.  (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/11df9k
is signing out, i'll watch tv 
IS SILLY!! 
Is singin happy bday to my Cuzo sorry I couldn't make it for the party but I love ya 
is singing @taylorswift13 &quot;...it was the night things changed&quot;    !!
is singing again  things must be looking up!
is singing along to Kelly Clarkson sad? 
is singing along to Lady Gaga's album now- LoveGame is up now! 
Is singing to Peter Andres songs some Greek music &amp; the rest lols  xx
is sittin' around wait for mya dinner to be ready ...yummy  xox and love everyone oon twitter
Is sittin here relaxing with a full stomache 
is sittin in my room/my parents room watching Titanic  i luv that movie
is sitting @ work bugging Ronnie b/c whatever i have he wants  
is sitting at his elementary school. Memories... 
is sitting at home do nothing !!! but excited for tomorrow !! 
Is sitting at home with catherine and melissa watching mtv movie awards and eating toast and brown sugar ! 
i'm varnishing my nails baby-blue now... 
I'm vegas wit the fams. Reunited wit my godson  hope y'all having fun at vals din
I'm veg'in in my 'skivies' laxin' back. If you're cool with the jabber, then you're older than you think! 
im very blessed  looking forward to a peacefull week
i'm very excitedddddd 
im very happy 
I'm very happy  i got a new earing and replaced the ball on it  
i'm very happy xD 
I'm very honored to be lectoring at the wedding of two friends, but does it always have to be 1Cor:13 ? 
just found out ellis has a twitter too  more and more people are joining the tweet nation!!!!!!
Just found out how to post pictures. boy im slow :L.. so im gunna like post lots 
JUST FOUND OUT I GOT 2.1 FROM UCL! FREE CHAMPAGNE FOR EVERYONE! 
just found out i have the same birthday as @ddlovato  &lt;3
Just found out I should be in college tues, weds + thurs next year, so 4 day weekend for jack! Happy days 
Just found out I'll be a Food Engineer in a future life. Cool. *iPhone app called Afterlife 
Just found out I'm getting a fair share of cash back from the tax man. That's good news. I'll wait til I see it before I spend it 
Just found out I'm going to a pole dancing party in August... Hmmm this could be very interesting! Lmao. 
just found out im starting my exercise routine tonite @ 7pm. but at least its bike riding 
Just found out my babygirl got a 4 day week at school and 1 week off...need to plan out activities I loveeeee being a young mummy  xoxo
is sitting at home. watching tv, going out with joann tonight. 
is sitting at home...bored...i want to go shopping, or maybe to starbucks...oh, the possibilities! 
Is sitting in a hanging wicker egg chair, sipping on a pot of pure blonde and looking off into the bay  http://twitpic.com/65yqx
is sitting in a wet seat!! WTH! It is pouring in A2!! Yes, had my windows cracked because the weather was fine a few hours ago 
is sitting in design applications creating a twitter account. 
Is sitting in media with Georgie and Timmy the Sheep  x
Is sitting in the kitchen of my favorite shop watching the resident grandma make jam. 
is sitting in the lobby at the hotel. i can't find either of my mothers! ahhhh! going home today 
is sitting next to matthew eible...and loving every minute of it 
Is sitting on a bench in the hot sunshine at Berkswell station waiting for the train to Birmingham. #bsmc 
is sitting on a mukoka chair in wasaga enjoying the sun 
Is sitting on her bed, wondering what to do today! Waiting for my bacon butty too 
Is sitting on the balcony and enjoying the sun 
is sitting on the bus with my younger brother, we're on our way to Hydro-cup!  Sleep-over at our grand-aunt's tonight.
Is sitting on the couch bein lazy wiff her mommy 
Is sitting on the diving board eating lunch with the sister 
is sitting on the floor ummmm what 2 do 
is sitting out in the sun after signing out from school - *sigh of relief*... 
is sitting out in the sun with a nice glass of wine...happy days  x
is sitting patiently for this grad ceremony to be done w/..then party time  aka- FOOD! lol
is sitting with her feet in a bowl of freezing cold water 
is skipping class in favor of playing with pancake. 
just found out my mums friend is going to be a great-aunt 
just found out my sister and nefews tested negative for swine flu 
Just found out that a jurrasic park 4 is in the works 
Is sleeping in her bed tonight and not by a campfire 
is sleeping in russian 
Is sleeping on catherines couch after a fun nite out in the city 
is sleeping over at beths house tonight with the girls  and watching the Hannah Montana Movie tomorrow! can't wait!! xxx
is sleepy and has her first teaching observation day tomorrow, then off for a swim 
is sleepy but has to do homework now...ill twitter tmrw 
is sleepy, but is SMSing someone  ...
is slowly but surely going to get use to Twitter. 
is slowly gettin more followers  vry slowly
is slowly getting more and more attached to twitter and less and less to facebook...nice job guys!! haha 
is smilin ear to ear!! My sis heard the baby's heart beat for da first time today!! Aww my wittle pooda!! I CANT WAIT TO BE AN AUNT!! 
is smiling at how amazing this weekend was. 
is smugly satisfied that he now has a workbench built into no 13 1/2, and that the lawn is looking green and lush 
is snuggling up early tonight 
is so  just made a card 4 my mom!!   can't wait to see the smile on her face when she see's it!! 
is so blessed to have a manager like @WillMonty 
is so bored :S Some1 cheer me up pls 
Just found out that Broadlands is posting pool info., closings, swim team updates at @bhoapools Nice!  Over here, swimming in the rain...
just found out that manic panic might be safe to use on pets...  oh this could be fun..... 
just found out that my friend is having a little babby  getting really broody now :S
Just found out that myspace copied facebook with those chatting boxes at the bottom. Mm i think the myspace ones are cooler 
just found out that the host family wasn't home that weekend... cultural care said they will probably call me today 
I'm very sore from yoga yesterday...but going to the studio was awesome....now to get ready for today! 
im very tired even though i slept 11 hours last night   i miss my friends .x
Im very very rude! although it is true! they just lie!  everyone want a little uncle dad dick 
im very warm in this stuffy car drivin back home eating salted popcorn  how weird am i LOL x
I'm waiting 
i'm waiting for 3 parcels to arrive in my mailbox. have i mentioned that i love receiving packages in my mail? 
im waiting for all my followers 
I'm waiting for him to say, cassandra, JUMP ON IT!  .:BigPoppa:.
Im waiting for my paint to dry and daydreaming of another move to the big island of hawaii!Im very excited and nervous!Mahalo.....  
i'm waiting for my parents to get back, possibly with the sims 3! i'm stoked   but i miss brandon more than usual tonight.
I'm waiting for my rehearsal, for minute I'll go wash my hair and I cant wait for contest in Vienna. And I say heloo to you 
just found out the real meaning of &quot;sleepin dictionary&quot;, hugh dancy is really hot!!!  
Just found out True Blood is having a 2nd season! *twirls*. Still cold but damn that's awesome news! 
Just found out what &quot;plopping&quot; is...going to the store to find a microfiber towl right now  Maybe I can tame these unruly curls after all.
just found she'll be meeting 4 newborn babies when visiting indonesia in a couple of months 
Just found some Vanilla Roibos, welcome back old friend 
just found that locavore = a person who goes out of the way to eat food produced locally 
Just found that the only non-working preferences in QuickSilver are the general ones. Catalog, Triggers, etc. still work like a charm 
Just found the best Britney remix ever!!! Aha 
Just found the most perfect tattoo for me &amp; I've decided definitely on it!!!  While studying for my ethics exam/ ironic lol!!
just found the perfect bathing-suit http://bathandbeauty.co.il/prod-272/ 
just found the PERFECT shoes for ultimate prom to go with my dress. yayay im ready now 
Just found the twitter application on facebook. That's going to confuse my friends. This is a tweet not a status 
Just found the Twitter t-shirts. How awesome is that?  I'll have to save up for the QC shirt first though, simply because Hannelore rules.
Just found this great website tripadvisor.co.uk .  Never again will I score dodgy shrooms 
just found this pic tht said waring: brunette with blonde moments! tht is soo me 
just found two very moldy and squishy reasons why non cracker based foods aren't allowed in the play room. When mom's away... 
just found yoga school in my town, have to try it this wed 
just from lunch to lunch, although the latter didn't include me eating..  #fb
Just FYI- I have the best husband in the world 
Is so bored but looking fowerd to going to the pub at about 2  get waseted for my mates graduation 
is so confused right now. will most likely be on a twitter frenzy today 
is so effin bored that I'm watchin E...like really...hmm...I need some entertainment...&quot;tori!!&quot;...happy birthday MeMe 
is so enjoying Eminem right now. Hahaha. 
Is so excited about moving into her new apartment on monday  x
is so excited for @RyanSDrost to come live in the cities by me 
is so excited for sidneys birthday !!!!  BOWLING IS COOL . 
is so excited for this summer... Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton, Eagles of Death Metal, and ahhh the Dead Weather 
is so excited for tonight 
is SO excited she's gonna see Wayne Bradey on sunday!! 
is so excited that he doesn't work again until thursday!! Woohoo! 
is so excited that it's supposed to be sunny tomorrow for my first time at Wild Wood!!! 
Is so excited that she's gonna get an A in English 
is so excited to spend the entire day with you tomorrow!!! 
is so excited/happy rite now n i honestly dnt kno y lol my life is fallin into a pretty coo place  thankin God
is so full  &amp; now just wants her nice warm bed!!
is so full  http://plurk.com/p/z0xer
is so glad Claire has been caught in Hollyoaks 
Is so glad he's going on a field trip today SO GLAD!!!!! 
is so glad it's friday 
is so glad she replaced her &quot;friends&quot; with friends 
is so glad that everyone loved her &quot;oreo truffles&quot; 
is so glad that her puppy is going to be ok and is as cute and rambunctious as ever  i love him so much.
is so glad the Theatre play is over. It went well, though. 
is so grateful to have everything she has  is truely feeling blessed &lt;3
is so happy  im not sure why just in a good mood
Is so happy 2 too home 
is so happy exams are over and that it's his birthday tomorrow 
is so happy for kara  ... but scared that were growing up...
is so happy I got my cd a day early! I can't wait to listen to it! 
is so happy piper finally slept thru the night, but hates that i didnt sleep cause i was worried about her 
Is so happy she fixed her phone! 
is so happy she has tomorrow off before starting summer school hours on Tuesday.   I'm going to enjoy this long weekend business!
Is so happy that she just got to see her hubby on GNW. Such a lovely surprise 
is so happy to meet herself 
is so happy to see hubby.  Just one of those days where it is nice to have support with the troops. 
is so in love with Seven and don't know why, haha 
is so inspired and making some progress on this album!  I'm so excited. Time to clean and do a little work before bed.
I'm waiting for Queen... 
im waiting in the car listening to ryans roses b4 finals 
I'm waiting on Jeremiah to get home! I've missed him so much today! 
I'm waiting patiently for the 5th! 
I'm waiting to see if paulina can go to the drive inn 
I'm waiting, for the perfect time to call you back. Coz i remember saying, don't wanna know the truth can't handle that. Busted Loves  Xx
I'm walking the red carpet @ mary's movie premiere. Repping for No H8! 
Im wasting my 1,000 tweet on......... @Rafytus_Maximus !!! &amp; My Bff @Krystle1302   
Im watchin lil' boys play soccer...aah so cute! 
I'm watchin' My Monkey Baby on Channel 4 lol !  Awww......  lol!!!
im watchin sex and the city.  but mom keeps changing it. feels like friday. =[
I'm watchin' Sound on BBC 
I'm watching  Roland Garros .  
I'm watching &quot;Pay it Forward&quot; it's such a great movie!...so exhausted, we had choreography today with Stixx... Malibu tomorrow baaaabyy! 
I'm watching &quot;UP&quot; with my sister. 
Just gave @superhootie her b-day present. She likes  AND we get to do a project on this rainy day
Just gave a little Twitter lesson there. Hope you guys enjoy ;-). For you new Twitter users. Get to tweeting! 
Just gave away my WoW discs. Just don't have the time anymore. Ever. 
just gave her dog a bath lol. 
Just gave in and bought the Star Trek soundtrack off itunes  Which of course, means I'm listening to it now YAY
just gave my 8 year old brother a pedicure 
just gave my mom some flowers, and she loves them  so im happy
Just gave my tv away and made someone and her daughter really happy 
just gave myself a french mani &amp; it actually looks decent.. that's a first!  hahah
Just gave Rowen a nice summer haircut! Now we're playing vacuum Rowen's toes.  It's a fun game! 
Just gave up on trying to finish this paper lol. I'll put in double-time tomorrow 
just gettin ready to go visit my sister in hospital 
just gettin ready to head out into the sun  x x x x x
Just getting an additional free day 
Just getting back from a nice motorcycle ride to a casino... now it's grita time! I will have one for you! Cheers!  @sherryfetzer
Just getting back from Magic City...I love that place 
Just getting back from my run, man it is so nice outside today Yeah  Everyone enjoy your day today
Just getting back from St. Pauls, it was amazing!!!! If anyone ever gets the chance to go, please do!!! It is awesome 
I'm watching a chipmunk get to the birdfeeder outside--it's so precious, trial and error--he kept at it til he got there!!  Love nature! 
i'm watching a Nelly Furtado concert &amp; they're showing a Dosomething.org commercial &amp; who do I see.. Jordin! that made my night 
I'm watching again my favorite noontime show here, Wowowee! 
I'M WATCHING B.COX MAKING A BEAT LIVE ON JUSTIN.TV  SO COOL!
I'm watching Bleach 
I'm watching BOF.. 
I'm watching Brendon Urie in the minivan 
im watching britains got talent !! 
Im watching camp rock 
I'm watching Charlie's Angels tonight 
I'm watching Cheaters. 
I'm watching cops. &quot;If cops is in town, you're goin down!&quot; Hahahaha. 
I'm Watching Death Note sooo Cool  i wish i had a Death Note &gt;
I'm watching Desperate Housewifes! 
I'm watching detective conan movie  Jolly Roger X]]]
I'm watching Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog... this makes some thinga make a lot more sense. 
I'm watching Dr. House... And trying to understand how Twitter works..! 
I'm watching Drag me to Hell. Anyone wanna watch with meh? 
i'm watching eat bulaga right now 
I'm watching Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind right now AND I am one away from 200 followers!  -... http://tumblr.com/xft1m71gr
I'm watching Fam Guy while sippin on hot black tea with lemon. 
im watching forgetting sarah marshall!! best movie ever, and looking for any news on russell brands new movie Get Him To The Greek  rawr!!
i'm watching friends 
i''m watching friends! 
I'm watching glee on my ipod 
im watching gossip girl 
I'm watching Hollyoaks  I love this show. It's always got something happening! Always!
I'm watching I Love Lucy.  (This is more directed to Vanessa.)
im watching icarly is the best show eva 
just getting back from the stamping party with Amanda.  Had a great girl's time!  
Just getting back from watching a movie at Sharons with her gazillion doggies. 
just getting home fom the beech an a bomb party  i dont feel so good...well texxt me if you wanna talk &lt;3
Just getting home from Work, made alot tonite. But now i have to pay the Nice car payment . Yay 
Just getting home from work...finally 
just getting in from a great night out with my family and friends 
Just getting in from dinner. Today was a great day! 
Just getting kids a chippie for their t 
Just getting my own account and trying to find my wife on this thing.   LOL
Just getting out of church. The word was inspiring! 
just getting ready for state convention this week!! just got all my awards at my graduation! I rocked the assembly! lol 
just getting ready for the day. should be a fun 1 
just getting ready to go out on my #mtb  the weather look ace \o/
Just getting ready to head off to work.  Had a great day yesterday and feel I've made a great decision.    Have a great day everyone!
Just getting started today...  stretching to help sis in wheelchair...
Just getting the 'last minute' washing done for Paris. 6 hour driving mix almost done too 
Just getting to bed and have to wake up in 2hours. just got done with a rockband night. Love the new songs I just downloaded 
Just getting to the baby sisters game  fam bam day today
just getting up. 
is so on her way to First Fridays in the ROC! 
is so pleased Bodie took the doggies out for tinkles so I could stay inside, in front of the heater and telly 
is so pleased she has fixed her admin profile! and is going to revise.. soon... had a good time @ Ben and james' last night   xx
is so proud of manny pacquiao!  amazing fight! 
Is so proud of myself. It can't get any better.. unless of course, I actually got the job 
is so proudd of my best friendd who was the only incoming freshman to make cardette dance teammm 
Is so pumped for College Interviews 
is so pumped, 30 minutes left at work, and Captain Americas tonight 
is so ready for Anne Bogart and company. SO ready. Which probably means not ready at all. 
is so ready for school to be out! 
Is so ready for this weekend with Carly and friends in Chicago!!!!!! Get me out of here!!! 1 more week of physics 
is so ready to spend the weekend with my baby @ the apartment ; and get rid of this sickness ; also get to know Mike more!! hmhmhmh 
is so relaxed.. sumone entertain me 
just go ahead and do it 
Just go back from a fabulous Brazilian restaurant...loving brazilian food now 
Just goin back to maths for quick tips then onto our exam, wish me luck guys  x
Just going for a shower, then closely followed by a session of revision listening to Radio 1 
Just going out to walk my dog. 
Just going to the pet store with my mum, getting my dog a toy 
just gone back from studying. off to Denee's. listening to Green Day's new cd. GOD I can't wait for aug to C them 
Just gonna cross my fingers  at least my hair rox 2day! #selfhi5
Just gonna do some badass skipping with smash tomorrow 
Just gonna get in mah spaceship and HUVAHH! See you later 
Just gonna own up some TF2 
just got  that hair job confirmed  ....now what about ting jia yi?
just got &quot;Twidget,&quot; the twitter status updater for my dashboard! hm, maybe I'll update now 
Just got 1000 hits on my blog! None of  them was counted from my own visits, I swear! Else it would be 5000+ probably 
just got 2 wildwood 
just got 3 extra HS credits &amp; 3 college credits 
just got 80 bucks for disneyland tomorrow! 
just got a 15% off card for anthropologie for my birthday month! woo hooo 
Just got a 3 inch haircut. on my way to sallys to buy color. 
Just got a 45 minute walk in.  Walked the girls to shool then Hope and I booked it all around the neighborhood. 
Just got a beautiful display of Summer flowers from a special someone!! 
Just got a bike in NYC, excited to ride it 
just got a call for a job interview! Im excited! 
just got a call from HY in Myanmar  
I'm watching inside my new Twitter account 
I'm watching invader zim!  and eating toaster struttles 
Im watching J.O.N.A.S episode 5 it's called Band's Best Friend!  8) â™¥
I'm watching JONAS so, be right back! 
I'm watching Mean Girls  I LOVE Lindsay Lohan =]
Im watching Mel Pack up all her stuff!!! getting ready for the big move tomorrow!!!!   good times!!!!!
I'm watching Men in Black II while sewing in thread ends. Ahh.. love all the crazy aliens 
i'm watching movie 
im watching my dad explain twitter to my grandma. ha ha. 
I'm watching my favorite show, ''Wizards of Waverly Place''  I heart it!
i'm watching Night at the Museum on sky+ It's jokes! Just bought a nice dress too!  x
i'm watching phineas and ferb reruns that we put on the dvr 
I'm watching Phish on ustream. Again.    Only 2 more weeks!!
I'm watching Pirates of the Carribbean 2. I love the Pirate movies 
I'm watching planet terror and drinking cheap champagne. Nothing but the best on a sunday  night 
I'm watching Reign Over Me.  It's better than I hoped.  
I'm watching ROBIN HOOD!! Movie is epic 
I'm watching Saved by The Bell 
I'm watching slumdog millionaire  good so far
im watching spongebob squarepants.patrick star is so funny 
I'm watching Summerland  Does anyone know whether you can buy it on DVD?
I'm watching that 
im watching the &quot;google wave&quot; preview!  cause idk what the hell this is! ahh
I'm Watching the bucket list. 
im watching the chaser 
I'm watching the Dog 
I'm watching the fourth Harry Potter movie. Now tell me, how effing excited are you for the sixth one!? Haha I know I am 
I'm watching the Indians game and at Tropicana field they are playing Lets Do This-Hannah Montana. Hahahaha, i love it. 
is so sleeping in tomorrow, thank goodness for WASL  
is so so happy &amp; has the most amazing people in her life right now 
Is so so happy because her lover have an awesome time yesterday! 
is so so so proud of Lindi, even though she is scared.  I love my bestie 
is SO stoked for xbox's project natal! 
is so thankful she has great friends and fam with whom to celebrate her college graduation 
is so tired after her week long weekend 
is so tired but, fuck it, it was a good night 
is so tired of her obbsesive friend and is about to kill him! and also thinks jareds gay 
Just got a call, at 12:30 am, my luggage has been found! Now have to go and get it, and hopefully get some sleep before tomorrow! 
Just got a card, that says &quot;now that you've graduated from college you're one step closer to a position of responsibility and power&quot; 
Just got a copy of the new YRB Magazine! Loving the photo Odessy took &amp; thrilled about the Taxi Doll article/feature in the Radar section 
Just got a couple cute dresses. Now I just need somewhere to wear them 
just got a couple of Star Trek glasses from Burger King. Hopefully the Kingons don't come for them. 
just got a facebook page! don't really know how to use it, though 
just got a free G2 android at google i/o!!!
just got a graduation check, a year later. I'll take it! 
Just got a gucci bag... n everything is gucci 
Just got a haircut! Short hair but healthy!! 
just got a haircutt  its mad short.
Just got a HIlarious text......whoooooooooo....yeah.. 
Just got a letter from Margot Mache in the mail. Margot, if you read this, you just made my life 1000 times happier 
just got a macbook and itouch off the website 
just got a mysterious package in the mail from EMI MUSIC;; CAPITOL RECORDS... now i know i aint send out no demos so what could it be! 
Just got a new bedset 
Just got a new car  hello hondyai elentra!
just got a new cat. A 2 year old red one. Hopefully he will be friends with the other cat 
just got a new haircut,and it looks good to me  Thanks Harry!
just got a new hp laptop  yeaaahh boyyy! nighttt
just got a new idea for a blog article !! scripting it down .. 
Just got a new iphone 
Just got a new phone for mygraduation!  its so awesome hehe.
Is so tired! But thank you rebecca  listening to you last night made my whole day 
is so tired! Time to snooooooooooooze! 
is so tired. after a long day spent outside!  lol
is so well rested 
is soaking up the sun 
is social networking and Jason's Deli at work 
is somehow very content! 
is sometimes pleasantly surprised. 
is somewhat prepared for prom tomorrow, I mean later on today 
Is soo happy it's undescribable!! My dream has comr true 
is soo happy that blair &amp; chuck end up together on gossip girl 
is soo happy that school exams have just finished today! YESSS!!! 
is soo happy to hear good news. 
is soo happy! can't stop thinkin about it 
Is soo Sore from her work out  No Pain No Gain ) LOL
is soo tired going to bed soon  x
is soo tiredd but can't fall asleep... it seems like an ambien night 
is sooo excited to see James Morrison in 3 weeks! 
is sooo excited! NYC with &quot;CW&quot; til thursday 
Just got a new sketch book! Can't wait to start posting more stuff next week 
just got a nice surprise  http://yfrog.com/4r1f1j
Just got a package in the mail. Time to jam out  Thanks @Luigipwns
just got a pedi done! nice 
just got a pedicure! on my way to dinner w/ my best. est. 1993&lt;3 listening to LVATT, of course 
just got a phone call, gonna have a job interview tomorrow 
Just got a puppy and called her Minnie 
Just got a puppy!  Named her Shakti...  Give a dog an OM!
just got a reply from Mark Kanemure (SYTYCD) on facebook. He is a really nice guy  Sometimes celebrities surprise you.
Just got a rosee from a guy 
just got a text saying, &quot;Modesty is a virtue u posess in spades my dear!&quot; -- -- -- LOL... my people love me 
Just got a ticket to go hear John Piper at @advance09 tonight and tomorrow... just made my week 
Just got a topify notice that a dog is following me.  What does that say about me?    Twitter is a funny thing!
Just got a volunteer application for the local spca 
Just got a whole bunch of songs on my new ipod!!!! Chyeah Boii...... 
Just got acupuncture 
Just got Alexys newborn pics done.  They turned out so good!!!
just got an adorable baby kitten!   and we named it John Lennon #musicmonday
just got an amazing smoothe from my mum 
Just got an email confirming that I've been accepted into Honours Linguistics!  So happy!     
is soooo excited about going to wembley on BH Monday   
Is soooo excited to see my hubby soon!!!!!!' 
is soooo happy to have finished school and feels like a new person 
is soooo relaxed. 
is sooooo happy its friday! 
is soooooo glad its not super hot outside. its the right temperature right now 
is sooooooo  tired no more late nights 
is soooooooooo MY team took home THE RING tonight!!! HaHa laker haters!! We run this ish lol 
is soooooooooooooooooo glad taylors back 
is sore after trying to keep up with a young whippersnapper in bball yesterday...thank goodness for the rain today - no rematches 
Is sore but happy to have another day  &lt;|M @ $0ph@M0r[-&gt;
Is sore from working out but it's going to be worth it all in the end 
is sorting jelly beans 
is spendin' my late dinner wif' erika...after youth's meeting @ church....*burps* 
Im watching the italian job, love this movie. 
i'm watching The Jungle Book. The people one. I like the cartoon one from the 50s better. Love you Bagheera 
I'm watching the Tallest Children in the World thing on TLC. I love it 
I'm watching the Tony's... and I would have to say that Will Farrel is making it all happen 
Im watching the wedding singer  i love this movie ! For real .
I'm watching toy story! 
I'm watching TV (DineyChannel â™¥) and chat, and be in Twitter 
i'm watching tv on my ipod...lots of fun 
Im watching twilight 
Im watching twilight again... got some nice presents for my birthday today  yay
I'm watching twilight at home on a saturday night with my mum 
I'm watching. 
I'm way to tired to do shout outs. Good night everyone.  ? http://blip.fm/~7d7pu
im weak.. having a freeeezing can of coors light!! auuuuuggghhhh!!  ???
im wear this new shirt i bought superrr cuterss lol 
I'm wearing my &quot;save the african kids&quot; shirt 
i'm wearing my Cam glasses  http://twitpic.com/6iwm7
Im wearing my new dress and shoes and i look cute! Today isnt a modest day for me. 
im wearing my retainer now. on my way to a brighter smile 
I'm wearing one of my favorite outfits today.  Black pants, purple cardigan, black Dansko sandals....puts me in a good mood. 
i'm wearing pink. wow. looks abit stupid but W/E 
I'm weird. Deal with it. 
is spending her morning listening to the Phantom of the Opera and doing paperwork by hand, because the computers fail. 
is spending my evening later with Best friends playing badminton! 
Is spending quality time with the favorite (that is, Patrick). Go-onger ftw! 
is spending the day @ the gardens with lisabear!! Time to pick my mommyfriends brain 
is spending the day at the movies 
is spending the day at the races  GO TONY!!!
is spending the day with Si, what a nice change 
is spending this gorgeous day at the beach relaxing-have a great day 
is spicing up his video game midi's with a new soundfont http://www.geocities.jp/shansoundfont/ Sounds excellent, and awesome too 
Is sporting glow sticks 
Is stalking her boyfriend on google maps... don't worry he likes it... 
is stalking the hell out MTC management - sorreeee, but we need to go forward 
Is standing in front of a guy who looks like H.Christensen  - http://tweet.sg
is starring in her own High School Musical 
is start doing packing bit by bit 
is startin to feel settled in  
is starting a foggy (outside) day shift at work, eager to see what the day will bring.  Oh, look!  It already brought me a Tim's coffee! 
is starting her day of laundry and cleaning.. leaving for Bath in T-20 hours  alot to do! ok. Coloreds &amp; jeans first.. anyone got any?
Is starting her day with KEM!!! Nothing like good neo-soul/jazz to start your day  Love yourself!!!
is starting my day with a cup of decaf peppermint tea. 
is starting to believe in Daytime TV again. 
is starting to dig twitter 
is starting to get back into old Greenday songs 
is starting to have this pre-summer sore throat, have to go an get some pastilles... kugh-kugh, but the sun is shining so my mood is set 
just got an iPhone!  so much fun!!  
just got another awesome review for my book from American author Kim Richardson and it's made my day. WHOA! 
Just got another site, but my host gives me 3 weeks to set it up  I will have finished Taylor Fans tomorrow hopefully and it will be open!
Just got another website project  Hoorah!
Just got appartment id 
Just got attacked by a cricket. My new video is complete rubbish http://bit.ly/JnFOd but tell all your friends anyway 
just got bac from the lib and lol headed to bed no classes 2morrow!! yay! 
Just got back form the photoshoot. Shout out to Tekoa Hash , my make up artist did a BEAST job. i look completely different. had fun 
Just got back from @chocolatebear's wedding! Had a lot of fun. Can't believe my pledge brother is married! Congrats! It's was awesome!!! 
Just got back from @zeroethelement's play, which was super awesome!! 
just got back from 5 hour bike + 1 hour run training. what can I say, I'm tired 
Just Got Back From 8th Grade Craze  Soo Much FUN &lt;3
Just got back from a 3 camera shoot - thanks to a camera loan from a VUer  May Fete at our High School...
Just got back from a 3 Km swim in the persian gulf.  Need nutrition now ... making me a tuna salad and fresh orange juice.  
Just got back from a beach party where we got 2 slide down a big bounce house filled with water &amp; soap makes for a really good time 
Just got back from a concert!! it was amazing!! now im chilling with the family lots of fun!! 
Just got back from a family reunion celebrating my uncle priest's birthday  It was nice seeing my other relatives, it was fun! really 
Just got back from a great night in London 
Just got back from a great U2U weekend in London. Tomorrow it will be Copenhagen, although I'd prefer to stay home with my girls. 
Just got back from a great weekend in Destin, FL...ahh mini vacations are amazing 
Just got back from a groundbreaking for a client.  Watch the news.  BEATIFUL weather!! Now off to write a report!
just got back from a long day at work: a wedding! 
Just got back from a lovely chat with some lovely pixies   fab &amp; great to meet the people behind the tweets - looking forward to next time
Just got back from a morning walk with mum. It's such a nice day! 
just got back from a party... lots of fun!  
Just got back from a party...had a good time 
Just got back from a PHENOMENAL play - everyone was fantastic. I just love Shakespeare.. 
Just got back from a run &amp; I'm feeling grrrrrreeeeeaat!!! 
just got back from a Taiwanese tea tasting with my friend Pei. high mountain tea... mmmmmm   http://twitpic.com/6q9sd
Just got back from a wonderful drive in the countryside-what a great way to spend a blissful Sunday evening 
Just got back from a wonderful trip to MS, but very happy to be back home w/all my awesome FPC peeps 
just got back from alan carr! Bruce Forsyth, Ross Kemp, Petshop Boys, some woman called Heather &amp; Dawn French  what a dayyyyy....
Just got back from Alton Towers, had loads of ice cream, very sunny day today 
Just got back from Alyssa's grad party 
just got back from an awesome nite at robins! good music, good drinks! 
just got back from an awesome workout. time to rest up for my days off. 
just got back from an incredibly long walk  The geekling laughed a lot at max 
I'm winning the race 
I'm wired on coffee @ 3am, lol... Oh, if anyone needs a flyer or graphics work, hit me up... 
I'm wishing for all of my dreams to come true... and i'm helplessly hopeful. Can't wait for dreams to become reality 
I'm wishing Kate Moennig will let me be one of her followers! 
i'm wishing, hoping, and praying. about a number of things 
I'm with Alissa 
i'm with anis and ain 
I'M WITH BIANCA JABBA. 
I'm with jaclynn gee at church. Can't wait for emarosa on June 21st!!!! 
I'm with javier yair sarah mikki and luis in three different cars hitting up fast food restaurants. 
im with ma friend now and she is soooo kool 
I'm with my amorsignia!!!!! 
i'm with my best friend twitter.com/liveinadreeam 
im with my friend jesica yet again  we r bffls and we can never be seperated
I'm with my girl navi!!! Bout to drink and smoke !!  ahaha I'm happy !
i'm with my girlfriends, 
I'm with my new hair cut and is sooo cute! like Demi in sonny with a chance! 
i'm with my niece  she's so cute &amp; kulit .. hahaha ..
I'm with my sexy best frannn.  MAC STORE FUN! 
I'm with my steph buddy and we're so happy  not even june and summer already ROCKS! That and the moon looks amazing   look at that.  ...
i'm with the fantastic four. 
I'm wondering how many people will show up for the event If there's going to be as many as I think it's gonna be really fun  WAR FTW
I'm wondering why I'm craving chinese food, possibly it's the effects of the Cornona I had last nyt!!! 
Just got back from baby sitting made 60 bucks for basicly watching spiderman 3 haha 
just got back from babysitting Dean and Mason...they are too cute 
Just got back from band practice..it was awesome 
just got back from basketball at engineers hill with denden,jef,&amp;alden. Going to meet miyako after lunch. 
just got back from broski's grad dinner.. i love my family! they're the shit! 
just got back from buying marina's birthday present at beate uhse  @Noah1990: thanks for helping us out.
Just got back from Cali! 
just got back from car shopping with my parents... i LOVE my parents' new car 
just got back from chalkidiki! awesome day 
just got back from cheesecake factoryyyy  and saw 'up'. soooo cute.
just got back from chillin w/ my youth and it is pouring down rain here and it is loud and scary! lol jk jk im not scared of rain peeps! 
Just got back from Chuck E Cheese...now I'm at home watchin Spongebob!! I'm such a big kidd 
just got back from chuck's! about to sleep since i open tomorrow and then house of flava picnic after work! i'm excited 
Just Got Back From Church And During  'El Saludo De Paz' A Little Baby Girl [Around 1] Wanted To Shake My Hand 
just got back from church. 
just got back from church.  Exhausted.  SO ready for a nap!!  Wait...Gary's class tonight.....craaaap.  So much for sleeping! Oh well! 
just got back from church. @evilities is a good preacher 
Just got back from church. The sermon was about being grateful with what you have  and don't compare yourself to other people.
just gOt bacK from churcH.. haha 
just got back from cinema, watched drag me to hell, scaried film ive ever seen ! add me on xbox   Wasted nikolius
Im wore the flip out...good day in Chicago though! Goodnight Twitterland! 
I'm working at Ego's tonight, 6pm to close. I COMMAND THAT YOU COME VISIT ME! (and bring friends) Happy Hour til 8 pm. Karaoke at 10. 
I'm working hard on everything from new kits to getting ready for my roadtrip!  
I'm working on a case paper for school. YAY Less than three weeks of school left for me 
im working on a project that i need to be patient with 
I'm working on my ABC project for bitch ass Mrs. Meyers class. But on the bright side I am listening to Tegan and Sara 
I'm working on new shell mermaid , hope to finish her on Friday 
I'm working on Susan's site 
I'm working on wall art, I'm really excited about this new project, it involved fabric as well 
I'm working until 4! I want to have fun afterwards 
I'm writing a sOng... &quot;Getting Worse' &quot; cool huh?? I wanna show u guys hOw muCh i love one bOy...it's written is the sOng 
I'm writings songs.. With my (brothers) guitar! I love that guitar! And the songs are turning out great! 
Just got back from Costco, Sally's and PF Chang for lunch 
JuSt Got Back From cuzin Graduation...Congrats Class of 09...Grandad's b-day is today, as well. 
Just got back from D.C/V.A, Damn....   Wow
Just got back from dance team car wash. SUPER tired, but happy.  idk...
just got back from dinner at the crest. getting ready to watch sytycd 
just got back from dinner ughhhh.... i am so stuffed but it was worth it, it was REALLY GOOD!!!! amazing food 
just got back from dinner with ayshea  hehe.
just got back from dinner with Lari 
Just got back from Disney and King Taco. I really liked the Finding Nemo Sub. 1st time riding it. 
just got back from driving  chillin for a little bauer coming over.
just got back from editing and on her way home walked past a whip-wielding dominatrix.. hmmm.. now what for dinner? 
Just got back from end-of-Holy Spirit Novena Morning Mass at Maria Kusuma Karmel's Church. Think I'm gonna be back 2 slep 
Just got back from Evans with pretty much everyone. I had a really good day today! Oh &amp; Im now single  Goooodnight
Just got back from FFA Convention... so fun 
just got back from filming our indonesian language project, it turned out pretty well. we ate Yamien noodles in Pasir Kaliki street 
just got back from fishin with &lt;3ryan&lt;3 and brett!! that was purely hilarious!!!  &lt;33333  now off to sing at baccalaureate!! fun fun fun!!
just got back from FMF and am chilling at @ashleyfidget 's with @_marinna and @ilanarahma 
Just got back from FTSK OMG AMAZING!!!! Friday night boys, A Rocket To The Moon, CASH CASH! And I saw pat brown 
just got back from gettin ritas. hangin with everyone at the park 
Just got back from good Italian dinner @ Casa Di Amore w/ friends from out of town.  Right on, right on 
im your biggest fan miley.  
i'm your biggest fan, i'll follow you until you love me 
I'm yours  Jason Mraz!
IM*FREE*...*  conference call over...
im. but i don't have to like it 
Im....Ummm preparing for something cool   
Im; in Kearney Donald Partnership for work experience! 
ima force when we're together  man..im gone yo..smh..didn't think it could happen..but hey..im loving it..
ima get off of twitter now XD bye ! have fun tweeting! 
ima go and sleep :0 thanks for the messages (*esp twitter friends)   follow me, twitter.com/pollielpie  g'nitie all! take care!
Ima go back to sleep now. nite and morning! 
I'ma go do weighted dips 
ima go to sleep now. good night. dnt let the bed bugs bite. haha.  
Ima have a bath now.  &quot;I NEED AN ALL AMERICAN COW BOOOYY!&quot; Jada ftw.
Ima hit the hay. Sun tanning made me so tired now. LOL. talk to y'all later!  TOODLES TWEETS! PEACEOUT &lt;3
ima miss my roomie!!!!!!...but if i ever decide to fuck again ....I CAN BE EXTRA LOUD 
ima tweetaholic 
imac boot up time??? Theres a problem going to bring it to the apple store 2day 
Image faking  Hihi
image of some of the Twitter tools and where they fit in the world: http://bit.ly/dUaco - www.MyTwitterButler.com not listed....yet 
images from this arvo have just been uploaded http://surfwx.net/?page_id=2 poor light but no shortage of lip bashing 
Imagination Avenue is open 4 playtime 2day from 10 AM - 3 PM.  
Imagine if Google got the periods site. Could target the men for short breaks and the women for punchbags 
imagining / creating dance steps to Lady GaGa's Fashion...i feel crative right now...  must keep this going!!!
IMDbJB gurllsssss. Finish school please! 
imeem Mobile is now on app store. 
IMing my fwee best girls    jess;mezzah;cass &lt;3
ImLukedStill up and Can't sleep But trying!  [i love iCarly]
imm gonna be soooo lonley after the dance... hahahaha ya rite.... its gonna be soooo fun...  plz for my sake, shut ur mouth.
imm off  lirturgy tomorrow  night 
imma be is my new favorite song 
imma fix my friendster on monday? dunno. gdnight people  Sweet dreams x3
imma go for a run with cuzzos! game 2 later! yeah baby! 
imma go out to enjoy the sun 
Imma send ya'll a new video everydayyyyy! 
Imma tweet some songs that I'm feeling right now 
Immah buy Supernatural on DVD this week  Hopefully..
immensely looking forward to a day at the library tomorrow 
immm doing good! meeting taylon / pablo at the park todayy 
immmmm boreddd  See me at http://bit.ly/TNQLc
Imogen Heap is great!! Check her out  http://bit.ly/E1NOi
impatiently finishing Fear of Flying bc I have more important books to read: Gossip Girl the Caryales &amp; I Love You, Beth Cooper! 
implementing imprint, TOS and all those necessary things you need for a nice web app 
implementing will_paginate  on my website; i love rails 
important meetings happening all over the office, and i'm not needed in any of them.  YES!
Imported some picture into iPhoto and found this. My test to do thid kind of painting.   http://skitch.com/t/1th
importing songs on itunes.....somebody teached me how 2 do it 
importing videooo. is shitty on a pc, anyone want to buy me a macbook 
Impressive Twitter client library in JS... just don't use it on a public site   http://bit.ly/UBtAj
imprint was great earlier  and i just found out that ben barnes is dorian gray..haha my night has been made
Impromptu Kilburn bbq! Bring beer, food and yourselves!  xx
Impromptu planning of bbq w friends tonight in our newly landscaped back yard.  Maybe it's possible to have kids + life after all.
impromptu trip to sauderton for some much needed dora time 
improve to catch aziz ansari, or dinner with babe, or party... one minute i have nothing to do, the next i dunno what to do! 
Impulse purchasing a FlipFold after seeing Sheldon use one in The Big Bang Theory  http://bit.ly/cFgNN
IMPULSIVE. just bought bolt bus tickets to NYC for a cousin visit june 12-14... 
imran garda is standing outside the office i'm working in 
In  South Beach, FL shooting Book Cover  its  beautiful out here, miss every one back in Boston be there some time this summer
in @iFuseekOLLIE 's bed  ooooo yea ::Quagmire face:: lol
in 1 hour im going to cna, make a test to get my diplom in English, yay 
in 10 hours and 10minutes i will be 16 
in 12 hours i'll be home 
In 1331 in York. Great place for lunch 
in 1988 I memorized the McDonalds menu jingle song.  Im brushing up on it again ... I pretty much still know it 
in 3 days i've had 3 pages of comments posted under the Jim Ward track! Keep 'em coming folks! 
In 30 minutes the world will shut down. Rather the fake world ends and the real one begins! This feels awesome 
In 5th period  I love this class&lt;3
in 90 days I will be home! 
in a &quot;squee&quot; mood 
In a cab on way to airport to fly to GMR Marketing Headquarters in Wisconsin for my promotion! Back on Tuesday. Yay 
In a cab....on my way to Harlem to take this SAT. Wish me luck 
in a car headed to the mall. 
in a creative mood 
in a dark theater &quot;writing&quot; a song with nick j = MAKE OUT SESSION! lmao 
in a dream of love, you would fing my heart 
In a familiar place..Bed and gossip girl.. A happy place.. 
In a few hours I'll be in the air and a few after that all be in Chicago.         
in a few moments I will be off to dreamland  got a long flight tomorrow good night arabia
In a French cafe drinking espresso. &quot;What do you want for breakfast, @stef?&quot; &quot;Full English.&quot; 
in a funny mood. its warm like really warm. everytime i think of warmth i think of slamdrunk i miss it tbh but nxt yr 
In a good mood 
in a good mood now something just made my night 
In a good mood so im back on twitter, made 2 jumps today and now im drinking beers on the bus 
in a good mood this morning  herro ! 
in a good mood!  you know just saying lol. ;p
in a great mood. this morning's mess is way behind me. off to the movies with pretty much the coolest people i know. 
In a horrible self fulfilling slump. Experts say they dont exist...wanna bet? Nevermind, I'd lose that too. Taking hiatus for a few days 
In a hot steamy bath with a gin and tonic. How very relaxing  http://tinyurl.com/d9koss
In a lazy sunday; just had a very late lunch,and forget to buy PR,we're on page 16 
In a livemeeting with Sydney. In d'old days, they'd have 2 fly here, setup their laptop&amp;projector 2 present. Now v juz click sum buttons. 
in a much better mood  i convinced my mom to let me take my car to class night so that means possible hooking up with the ex-crush =O
In a pretty good mood after finishing as champion in open equitation yesterday 
In a pretty good mood today 
in a random class with some friends  have only been to one lesson so far x
In a reading mood, send in tweets! 
In a rebellious mood - anything could happen 
In a skype call With Tegan. hmm thinking about DJing tonight 
In a state of samvega: an anxious sense of urgency in trying to find a way out the the meaningless cycle...stop the world, find your self 
In a Supple Strengh course 
In a time warp studying biochem finals from 1995 
in a trace.... this song is pretty awesome 
In a train to Gent. Happy Mother's Day, Mom! And thanks for going through all the trouble of raising me 
In a wine bar having a catch up with 2 friends I used to work with. An unexpected Friday night 
In Abba land! Dancing queeen... 
in about 14 hours I should finish my last seminary exam!!!! study time until then 
In addition to the comfort factor, there's also the 1) libertarian and 2) laissez-faire in me that contribute to my dislike of helmets. 
In all the colours of the rainbow. 
in all, my family swiped 3 knives, 1 fork, and a salt shaker from TGI Friday's...they claim it's what my great grandma would have wanted 
In Amish country! Just bought a hand woven rug and some fudge. 
In Amsterdam checking out all the... Museums 
in an amazing mood, cola and let over pizza for breakfast lolll only could get better if a certain someone were here 
@KikkerToo Ford Focus CC-3. Bloody excellent car - just needs a space saver wheel in the boot 
@kikujiro Although, personally, would lose the tomato   Apols if over-tweeting about 'em. Have become something of an obsession.
@KILA21 Do you know you're the ONLY person that calls me that? LOL. But  Im nosy but I am bout to read Twilight series again. 
@KILA21 Lol true! Not thinkin 2day. But thanx!  lol
@kilamarie very soon! so they should come to the uk soon! 
@kilaucoffee Sounds yum! I think I'll pop in as I have the day off work 
@kilawinguwak thank you! 
@KileySD just saw your video and wondering if the care with the knife and the wrapped hand are in any way related 
@kilinahe love your show with @hawaii - you are the Jeneral! 
@kilismom thanks Brooke 
@killa2dahead Hmm, the less of three evils. Well I'm already adjusted to earthquakes, so... 
@KillaaBeex Haha sure  doritos are yummy! especially chilli heatwave haha XD
@killahdillah I'm a fan of Caring Is Creepy myself 
@killahkalam Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@killakim NEW FRIEND?? hmmm... tell me more 
@Killandra Heh, in our case tonight a geek date is pizza, junk food, and WoW. 
@Killandra lol, there you go.  I am going to bed. I will be sure to tweet with you tomorrow. 
@Killandra oh cool. Brought to mind &quot;life is beautiful&quot; for a second there 
@Killandra oh hai! how was the trip downstairs? 
@killaseze i mean its 10:10am 
@killaseze thanks for followingg mee 
@KillaTrav HEY UNCLE TRAVIS 
@Killax3 what about talknig to this person?? he/she cant change if you dont say what annoys you..  but whatever...
@Killaya  thanks! And you too!
@Killaya Hi!  Hey cool move on the pic to TR.  I was actually lurking when all that went down, but I was watching Traveling Pants 2...hehe
@Killaya lol i'll be in Pittsburgh the day before. 
@Killbourne hi, yeh try www.ant-online.co.uk 
@KILLcade You're killing the nazis, so, no. 
@killer_weed: you silly boy 
@killerb480  i'm thAcarteriii not thEcarteriii  i saw your post about u of gay...unless you know some kid in fl. thats who THEcarteriii is
@killerbee33 Really? Lucky you! Its freezing here (okay, not freezing, but cold), but I guess it is autumn! 
@killerpilzeus I think IDK is more punk . 
@killersometimes a George Harrison best of, a ramones tribute album,and maybe another one or two 
@killerstatus yea I know its what ever 
@killerstatus yea. Man really 
@killgirlkill well done on new job 
@Killsbury3 @graf808 agrees w/your advice on what to bring for camping. 
@killthemuse  Haha no problem.
@killustrator ROFL.  No.  I'm not one of the crazies.  I know how to manage my games!  
@KillxYourxEgo hahaha, well you'll either get a greater appreciation for his leadership skills, or take my route and think he's a douche 
@KillzoneDotCom guess I don't blame you, the last thing you want is to get people mad, would have been nice to release during E3 
@kilodelta Yeah, I think I could relate it to that. After awhile, I opened all the doors because I couldn't take it anymore. 
@kilometerzero pero ang dami ko ng pinalampas n opportunity, kya ito. Hayy.. good luck satin.  I love you She 
@kim_bach thanks for the #protip! will do so right now 
@kim_burly That is WAAAAAAAAAY COOL!!!  
@kim_hild you has mail  Â£&gt;
@Kim_Lou Might as well jump all the way in 
@kim_partridge watched the 1st half at the Monk, its on the TV on the 5th too  so second half while attempting to work
@Kim_w15 Keep chatting with him and he may eventually follow. That's whar happened with me 
@kim_webster  Cool u have 299 followers! (so what if 75 porn bots LOL   JK.  You da best even if ur article's title was funny as hell 
@kim221998 You just can't get enough of those NKOTB, can you .. 
@kim2539 hupi buttday 
@Kim4876 have a good day mom 
@Kim910 Right? And yet I am still here an hour after my bedtime...ADDICT! 
@Kimalone thanks! 
@kimananda you did - and you do    but do you still have fellow bloggers...?
@Kimbalicious aww at least you can see it on google maps 
@Kimbalicious oh hey my family was fine  thanks 
@kimbarweee eurgh im glad i cba cause id get nothing done  atall haha
@Kimber_Regator i'm going i'm going! 
@kimbere ahhh, thank you so much! I felt so crazy...and I may be, but at least I'm in good company  Whatcha reading these days?
@kimberlaaaay Just nothing at all. 
@KimberlayyAnn http://i40.tinypic.com/2n0mvli.jpg Its your Jackson Rathbone  - @KimberlayyAnn http http://tinyurl.com/qeowuu
@kimberleeann I know, they totally do! We like bright colors 
@Kimberley it's also Saturday, when &quot;rules&quot; about when you can drink don't apply 
@kimberley_ clean and listen to the song? turn it up 
@kimberley_ gotta love parents bluntness :S i'm the opposite. mum keeps telling me i should PUT ON weight. But i loves you how you are  &lt;3
@Kimberley__ $25 plus shipping 
@Kimberley__ Ooh see, I love werewolves. That's what I'm working on now in a way. I'm excited to see how they bring it to screen 
@Kimberley_JB9 aaww do they ok thanks  will have a nose later when i go 2 the shop lol x
@kimberleycc: i'm going through to be an estititan.. for like spa and nail technition  im highly excited!! ugh im so sleepy this morning!
@kimberleycooper it is such an awesome movie.. i will be seeing it 3, 4 5 more times possibly 
@KimberleysJames i can check things though 
@kimberlinbolton  Thank u Sasha... u kno we don't play that.
@Kimberly0987 yay glad to see you tweeting 
@kimberly2020 get a picture 
@kimberly625 nighty night 
@kimberlychanel yup yup I feel u on that 
@KimberlyCole1 Saw you on Channel 7 here in Chicago, G.d bless your charity, may G.d prosper it and it serve many &amp; you look good girl 
@KimberlyDoll u have helped me so much  and for that i am gratefull.
@KimberlyDoll You're coming to Taiwan/Taipei!!! Yeah!!! 
@KimberlyFenton wooooo  twitter is soo confusing haha! i don't get it! its just like free stlaking anyone you wwant! haha x
@KimberlyGabbard Happy birthday to ur dad!  Yes, I'm staying here to watch the game.  Cant wait!  No severe wx to miss it this time 
@KimberlyGabbard sounds like fun!  Yea, but as long as no bad wx hits, I have an HD monitor to watch it on here 
@kimberlyjarman Really?  Its only been one week!!?  Oh well, Treston had a blast with the games.  
@kimberlykeith Thx Kimberly - I will try to remain transparent 
@KimberlyKump I do.  You're an amazingly interesting person, my friend! 
@kimberlyly so much do you make a week currently on the nuffnang ads? Very curious 
@kimberlynicole Yay!!! I'm so happy you got to meet her! 
@kimberlyramos failing takes skill and no one appreciates it 
@kimberlyrmartin He makes those pancakes for me when I come.  
@KimberlySaia  ... sensing a rhyming pattern from tweeters tonight...
@kimberlytia 5am???? zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
@kimberlywarne And she's back! Yay!  
@kimberlywarren Have fun 
@KiMBoBaBii  i will and imma let yu know how that goes ahehehe 
@KiMBoBaBii i know omg i noticed today that next sunday makes a month...flew by so quick i cant believe it 
@Kimbot1984  I'm not looking to move anywhere right now. As u said job hunting is double pain at this time. BTW nice profile pic 
@Kimbot1984 also have a theory that the elevator ride up to the 8th floor penthouse/balcony where nightclub is took 40 seconds. maybe. 
@Kimbot1984 Elsewhere, people are twittering &quot;I had a great start to my day. I was driving and I saw this girl...&quot; 
@kimbowa Congratulations to mum &amp; bub! The pleasure was yours ;-P many new ones ahead. Treasure every crappy nappy   Best wishes!
@KimBrame LOL, first one seen inside in 15 years. Note to self... invite Kim to dinner in the middle of winter. 
@kimbumsoo I really love the series boys before flowers. Keep up the good work! More powers. 
@kimbumsoo kimbum ahjussi, i've just finished my &quot;Boys Over Flower&quot; dramas and.. it was COOL!!! i adores Yi Jung like so much 
@kimburry yes. lol and yes I diiiiid. yesterday. 
@KimCattrall I think you should! You only live once... 
@kimcfly h\hahahahahah i'll make it specially 
@kimcfly yep from the star girl vid 
@kimchi007 (and everyone else going to camp) OMG HAVE FUN  !
@KimClink_MrsC : Me to me hates dentists, but this one, oh sistah, this one I went to, he was a pro. He was darned good 
@kimdaniel36 Yeah.  Boom Boom Pow still rocks my awesome socks off... The other songs are reminiscent of Daft Punk.
@kimdasha Hey, found you~! 
@kimdeberhard  im good, lol i did no driving last night, my dang car broke down, getting ready to replace the fuel filter 
@Kimded morning adam. could the girl not find you then LOL!!! Hope you have a good day ahead 
@kime13 Sounds fantastic!    I am looking forward 2 a Saturday full of playing in the gardens.......can't wait 2 get started!  Thx 4 a ...
@KimEllis I used 2 want to be a fashion designer actually I still wouldn't mind doin so 
@Kimfucius I still do modified push-ups. I thought, &quot;Eh, I'm movin' on anyway.&quot;  Level 1 is still hard for me, but I see improvement...
@KimGuanzon - here is one of the holga pictures, the only one I liked  http://www.flickr.com/photos/photogirl66/3583741586/
@KimGuanzon ha! you are way ahead of me... I'm still charging batteries  #beatthesun
@KimGVille although i was a bit disappointed by eurovision this year. where were the singing puppets and crazy spanish banjo people?  x
@kimhacking I say relieved! Enjoy your company and the rest of your weekend. 
@kimhollandswort Thanks....I read his tweets on his page and got it....u r rite.....thank-you 
@kimidreams just remember us little people when you're rich and famous 
@kimiedawn will text you. I prefer to watch with friends. Being alone is a last resort.  Good night. Mwaah. See you soon. 
@kimikofurball Thanks for your suggestions. I'll try working on resizing them while ensuring the pictures don't interfere. 
@KimilovesJB exited about Twilight new series! NEW MOON! you should check it  im fine, thanks! cant wait LVATT!  &lt;3 when joe said that!
@Kiminrainbows hahahahaha, no no no! what about Hedwig/nagini  (aww, poor Hedwig!)
@kimisasupergirl I don't know why. He just does.  I like Nate though.
@KimishaB  if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
@kimishph Happy thoughts lang.. Hehehe! Yehey movie night later girl!  Nick and Norah! Tara! 
@kimishph Hindi ata eh, also, I didn't attend last Thursday, so not sure when their next show's gonna be 
@kimishph Too early!  Good morning Kim! 
@KiMiSTRY have a blessed &amp; safe night ma ! 
@kimixcakes haha! I thought everyone said &quot;Eh&quot; 
@kimjensen Haha good on you 
@kimjensen I work in customer service.. nothing too exciting 
@KimJongKill you hush your mouth! Twitter SUCKS. BTW I text you ealier to see if you wanted to go work out...sigh..I wish you liked me. 
@kimkaos - monday august 17 is 'Cupcake Day for the RSPCA' I am going to do some baking for this. 
@KimKardashain robertson 
@KimKardashian  and im in love with you 
@KimKardashian  Regards from Chile, Southamerica girl !!! 
@kimkardashian &quot;aloe vera does wonders!!! Then lay in front of a fan...it feels amazing after getting burnt!  &quot;
@KimKardashian ...me, reading tweets and getting ready to go to School  Have a great day glamming it up ;-)
@KimKardashian aww that so sweet 
@KimKardashian Do it! Hes a expert!! 
@KimKardashian Follow Me!! 
@KimKardashian go for it! hair grows 
@KimKardashian I had long hair once and cut it really short but it didn't suit me and now it's long, keep your long hair, it's gorgeous  x
@KimKardashian i had really long hair and i cut it super short  sry its a lil late
@KimKardashian i have been shopping today 
@KimKardashian I LOVE the new background!!! You look sooooo pretty!! 
@KimKardashian I was out there with Reggie last Saturday. I was hating a little bit 
@KimKardashian i will try to keep her from dancing on the tabletops!!! 
@KimKardashian Its so funny and impersonal. When someone has that many fllwers how do they see or respond to tweets.. A bit egotistical 
@KimKardashian ive had loooong blonde hair and now it looks like this, shaved at one side and slightly long at the other and I love it 
@KimKardashian Morning! I'm cleaning my house. What are you doing? 
@KimKardashian My goodness you are so gorgeous... Please reply and follow me... 
@KimKardashian my hair was almost to my butt. i cut off over a foot up to my shoulders and i LOVE it 
@KimKardashian no kim u have perfect hair 
@KimKardashian NOO!! short hair..maybe a little trim dark hair color looks better on you 
@KimKardashian ok sweeeety  i'll follow him!! hey - you should do fan shout-outs like once a week, that would be soooooo cool!! &lt;33333
@KimKardashian OMG i just saw u @ the movies! lol! AMC CC! lol U &amp; reggie look great together! I â™¥ it! 
@KimKardashian saw you today! So BEAUTIFUL!! You looked so good! Glad to see the wonderful turnout! 
@KimKardashian so we'll see you &amp; Tyra in 1 show, together!!  That's a dream comes true 
@KimKardashian sorry, I'm not famous - gotta at least try to be clever, right? Hope you clicked - btw, I am SO hot but sadly taken  G'nite
@KimKardashian tell ciara i said hiiii 
@KimKardashian that's funny and so true!!! 
@KimKardashian Word is he just had Cohen taken down in a driveby shooting - http://tinyurl.com/oxxfs9 - so much for ass in his face 
@KimKardashian YAY!! knock em dead Kim 
@KimKardashian yes yes yes - short hair rocks   And you can always grow it again or get extensions if you don't like it x
@KimKardashian yes! It was sooo scary but I love it! not gonna lie tho I miss my long hair sometimes.. Nothin hair extensions can't fix 
@KimKardashian yes, and it was great. blow drying time was cut in half, and doing it took a lot less time. 
@KimKardashian you should go for it!!! Besides you look great with any hair do 
@KimKardashian you're the absoute best 
@KimKardishan it'll look good! go for it!  xx
@kimktaylor is her name &quot;Gabby&quot; too?  My youngest daughter is.  
@Kimli &quot;footloose and fancy free with lots of disposable income&quot;?  probably offensive as well.
@kimloves your video is now being exported and will be uploaded asap.  p.s. the post office yelled at me for not having your LAST NAME. xD
@KimLovesCookies someday, i probably will 
@kimlw He's such a dumbass. hehe. Don't worry, I haven't seen him for 6 mths, he wantd 2 stay 2gethr &amp; i didnt, now i hv some ammo. 
@kimlw no, those beverages are perfectly acceptable.  
@Kimmeh88 Planning on going there aswell  Next one on the list of 'Tickets to buy'.
@kimmenaster haha i think i thought that once 
@kimmie_wong how does she look like? Just another human being, right? 
@KimmieDavid Hellllllllo!  I'm well!  How 'bout yourself?  hahah BSB!  I like Brian.  But I'm not gonna lie, I'm an 'N Sync girl.  
@kimmikennedy nuffin much.. kk.. what up wiff you? 
@kimmikennedy yea I do like it 
@KimmiMcFly Ah lol okay. Thanks 
@KimmiMcFly yes. True 
@kimmlee @joshchow that made me laugh so hard! Nerd humor. Gotta love it. (@decart) // I needed it, too! LOL ...a looong nite ahead of me 
@KiMMMMiE Yayy! I shall tweet at you more often now until you start to get addicted! 
@Kimmmmmmy i was joking...im listenin to him right now...found my new wedding song 
@Kimmoinsanity it's either you or becky. lmao  
@kimmoyer LoL thats very good to know 
@KIMMSMITH  thank you so very much, those take about 51/2 hours  but I love doing it too much, i even dream of beading.lol
@Kimmy_Cheyenne I have to list the ppl i love in Spanish...Well I love JB  lmao
@Kimmy_Cheyenne i've never had red bull. monster's better  haha but yes, i'll need a loooooot of energy.
@kimmybuckley hey! Thanks so much  Ive never had really long hair so have been growing it, but 4 yrs later I am v fed up!!!
@kimmybuckley ps House Bunny was great wasn't it? It wasn't just me  when the butch girl asks where the crapper is makes me cry laughing!
@kimmygoodness Totally agree with you . Alan Jackson is my favorite !! 
@kimmyinthesky edgar and I are here till Wednesday afternoon. 
@Kimmythekidd its the word on the street! Ballin, poppin bottles and shit! So I'm trying to give you my time 
@KIMNB now i want a camilla scandal or something so i can experience it.. 
@KimNishida @SharonGaskin thanks for the Rts yesterday of the tips from my call 
@kimolver thanks so much for the #followfriday appreciate that 
@kimondo yeah have to admit thats a bit of a weakness of mine! 
@kimonostereo If twitter added a way to donate, I would. Same goes for even Gmail or Adium. I may not eat for a couple days, but... 
@kimoraklein as per @JaylaStarr I'm following u hope u as fun as she is 
@kimoraklein count sheep hha !  lol
@Kimoraleesimmon CONGRATULATIONS!!! Your first son. The girls must be so excited to have a brother 
@KIMP19 Awwww u r not!!!!!!! Don't beat urself up over it!!!! Ur allowed every now and then 
@KIMP19 hmm....start planning your outfit for Camden 
@KIMP19 YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can't wait to see u in there 
@KimPointBlank thank goodness! 
@kimporter hey kimmy, hope dinner was good! im bored and tweeting so...HELLO! 
@KimPossible40 and we all knows that pretty toes lead the way  I swear, girls have so many cool things hehe
@KimPossible40 Do bad things come in threes???  You're on a roll... 
@KimPossible40 wow! that is the nicest #followfriday I've every gotten - thank you. And I hope you are feeling somewhat more balanced 
@kimreed you have been sucked into the RW/RR challenge so long, you will never escape now!! 
@kimrz: yay! I cant wait 2 meet baxter! 
@kimsangbum do you have a yahoo messenger? can you send it to me by direct message? PLEASE! thank you! 
@kimsangbum hello! are you the real Kim Sang Bum? 
@kimsangbum hey kim bumâ?¤ keep your twitter updated â?¤ i'd love to read your tweets heehee 
@kimsangbum i just love BOF! hope you guys come to the Philippines soon!! 
@kimscraftyapple @wloveaffection oh boy, good brownies and fat free! the perfect combination! 
@KimShahan: I'm still up 2... Who needs sleep anyways  
@KimSherrell @JimmyFalcon? is there a new kid on the block? Good Hollywood name 
@KimSherrell change your avatar too... we have to see it 
@KimSherrell ÐºÐ»Ð°Ñ?Ñ?Ð½Ð¾ 
@KimSherrell My pleasure. Hope your day is going well too!  
@KimSherrell Oh, I just said that I was  looking for a random cool song to listen to , and your Stones one was perfect! Thanks. 
@KimSherrell Since I was 5?! (You are my new best friend!)  
@KimSherrell This #dork business is totally cracking me up! 
@KimSherrell thx 4 the rt. glad u liked 
@KimSherrell wow Kim. You're like the twitter #matchmaker 
@KimStar12 BE SAFE I LOVE YOU 
@kimt205 I just love that...so much. They are so so loveable! 
@kimthewriter I'm burning you another mix today 
@KimVallee  feel the same way here in Toronto...so bright &amp; refreshing w/ the cool morning breeze 
@KimWalshUk i know, such a good song! cheers for doing the kimberley page, it's awesome. loooove her 
@kimwayans I can't wait to purchase your book... I am in an interracial marriage but no children yet but working on it 
@KimWood but of course. 
@KimWood Thank you and love you, too!!!  http://www.realestateshows.com/409198
@kimxrsomoano me too.. I'm going to miss that tranny! 
@Kimyatta I'm sorry. Hope everything went well. Tell your cousin to get better  love u
@kimyrite yay!! you'll get the job 
@KimySentroper Yeahh!! 
@kinababy sweet!  so why do you wanna sleep?
@kinagrannis  Thank you!  I will say hi to her for you!  She will be thrilled that you replied!  I think you inspire her!!  
@kinagrannis booo, that's not fun!... have a good flight 
@kinagrannis can't wait to see it! Good luck and have fun at New York with @davidchoimusic 
@kinagrannis enjoy your concert kina and have a great meeting with all the lovely kinerds  &lt;3
@kinagrannis have a safe flight! Thanks for everything 
@kinagrannis I love that before he starts saying anything I already know what he means and I love him for it 
@kinagrannis I think you'll have another good day next saturday too 
@kinagrannis Listen to it. Time for dreamland. 
@kinagrannis oh cool! i see u like Marie Digby too?? I LOVE her songs! 
@kinagrannis oh miss kina. do you have that video ready? i'm still waiting... 
@kinagrannis Thank you for coming to new york! You were awesome in the Hiro the night before!  haha, took off your shoes when it was h ...
@kinagrannis that sounds gooood!! 
@kinagrannis Then, let's be positive and call this &quot;somewhat working&quot;. 
@kinagrannis your show was great! i'm so glad i went 
@KinanLW Haha, it's like fried rice but you'll eat it as is, because there are pork or seafood or vegetables there already!  It's grilled!
@kindiefest Find it ironic that one bit of advice given yesterday was to not have a website that is &quot;Under Construction...&quot; 
@kindofabigdeal thank you  are you feeling better today?
@kindofagirl is there anything that can't wait till then? 
@kindypop No, don't stop!  I need some form of entertainment today! 
@Kinemantic good! dont let her cut her own grass! 
@KineticEntity  doing good here 
@king_blsbs oooh love is in the air? 
@King_In_Chains and also 4rm a sideways point of view i capture beauty 
@KING_KG i still loved you lol. Took ur ass in  luv ya cuzzo.
@king_momo I am, thank you! it's weeeird weather so I'm staying in tonight haha. and I hope yours is going well tooooo 
@king_vellimack PFT I KNOW YOU'RE HERE  YOU JUST UPADTED YOUR TWITTER 6 MINS AGO
@King2434 LOL I just do me...if they appreciate my swag koo...if not, may god bless...PERIOD 
@KING5Seattle Re: twittearth:   http://twittervision.com/ - is faster and been around longer. 
@KingArlen come and visit Australia 
@KingAsa We all know they're first in flight but last on the highway. 
@kingbenharlum Thankyou! 
@KingBillyband Sure looks like it does! haha  See you guys Friday!!!
@kingbisket09 hoowwdyy well it's afternoon right now! 
@kingbomani i might just do that  lol. Why dont you like the rain?
@kingboola good afternoon 
@kingboola no one can take advantage that i dont want to. so on that note, i can hold my liquior 
@kingboola peachy how are you? 
@KingBrooke but brookeypoo! What if I want to get ON your penis? 
@kingcrux31 yessssssssss lol k I have a house in Cainta 
@kingdavidevans so you mean since I woke up from it I can become wolverine??? 
@KingDeek912 That's all I wanted to read. 
@KINGDINGALING_1 Let me fuck up this Hibachi &amp; I got u luv 
@KinGDol0Sol0 http://www.youtube.com/user/Rjay559    dats my youtube 
@KingdomFirstMom Are you serious?  Please tell me you are because that's funny 
@kingdomfirstmom She had vanilla with sprinkles. 
@KingdomGuard haha your funny 
@KingdomGuard I shall ttytmrw  You have a great Saturday too 
@KingdomGuard LMAO...I love it when you are up all night with me !! 
@KingdomGuard welcome new cd out this week...maybe even tomorrow! 
@kingdub405 Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@KingEstate thanks for the head's up on Sweet Briar Farms - they are my kinda farm! 
@kinggayle You'll get the hang of it before you know it.   Got a kick out of watching you and O Twittering on Friday's Live Show!  =D
@kinggucci803 aint ever nothing 
@KingJafiJoe well happy birthday !! 
@kingjoji not as much as i love you! 
@kingjoji yea  glad i got to see you!
@KingKan naw its cool. I was just kidding. Just keep doing whatcha doing. That will keep me happy 
@KingKan yep  keep me updated ..yea?
@kingkortney umm, dont know that song butt ima listen to it rite nw.. 
@kingkube You sin? I thought he was legitimate. 
@kingmerovingian I'm hereeee.... smile 
@KINGmoney  its cool  my #3hotwords lay with me  that's hott right? Lol
@kingmoney im xtra late but that was good stuff..talented, nice voice 
@kingmost yo @djjamad laced me some joints earlier, and one of em was yours. i was all, dope, king most?!? thas the homie 
@kingnickrusso definitely mine too. It makes me smile. 
@KingOfAnkh And omg, a hedgehog kebab? That's cruel 
@kingofhollywood woah maybe you shoulda watched it WHEN IT CAME ON instead of complaining about it...  ahhh you're gonna love it!!
@kingofkrump lol I was wondering if he'd been traded or something.  No worries tho! We've all had those mornings. ;)
@kingofkrump Sounds like a sweet night. Underdressed and dateless??? Um yeah... Been livin that for a few years now! hee hee 
@kingofthelab I'm sleeping on the wooden couch tonight! 
@KingpinLex I only fuck wit the original tht my FAV of ALL TiME!! 
@KingReally lol I goin sleep here.. I gotta stay here til 2.. so when I leave here I'll be ok.. 
@KingReally thats refreshing  I like legitimate $ lol
@kingscrusher  Hi!  Cool! Check my vid out: http://bit.ly/10ytpf Different level and age group. 
@KingSelfish yea! 
@kingsofleonfans I Love this Band.. 
@kingsthings Can you convince some of your non-twittered CNN colleagues to follow your example?  Blitzer needs a twitter!
@kingsthings I'm sure you will love web 2.0 and I think you should start a ustream channel and webcast pre-shows and stuff 
@kingsthings the President was funnier 
@kingsthings There's been no one like Adam since Freddy Mercury! I adore him  BTW his sexual orientation is HIS business! No one else's!
@kingstonbear I know! gutted! but a week off in 2 weeks time  decided what you're doing for your birthday yet? x
@kingstonist Just spotted the earlier tweet - Fennel, eh? I haven't seen her in so long. Oh well, Maybe later in the summer. 
@KingTee1 dang! That was powerful metal..smh..at least ur ok tho 
@KingTee1 hey  what's poppin
@kingtizzy my grocery bag boyyyyy!!! 
@KingVinyl lol they were just plain ol' eggos 
@Kingwilliamusic it must have been an error as it was intended to be a question about the haidresser's 
@KingZizzle thank you 
@KinitaA  did that help?  or did u use something else?  please share. 
@kinkadius Hey! I'm back in Houston. Hope you have a great time at WWDC! Hopefully there'll be a youtube or beta soon 
@Kinkajou1015 Lemme ring up DirectTV.....  
@kinkouin hopefully itll work out. ace that test Ryan 
@kinkouin hopefully itll work out. ace that test today Ryan 
@kinkpink aww thank you.   *huggles*
@kinkyb24 I will definitely 
@KinkyInkTattoos Always have wanted to go to Oz 
@kinkytinky7 nice pic 
@KinkyUKCouple I'm thinking of making a hypnosis program for anal orgasms...that kinda sounds like fun, huh? 
@Kinnamon I hope you can come out. Yes, you can buy tickets at the door! Free Drink w/your ticket! 
@kinneret thank you 
@kinokofry That's how I felt about it, too.  @shiidii Thanks, man!  Hopefully the next version will be out this week.
@kinokuniyaaust gah! why can't i live in sydney?? i will definately come buy them all when i go up next 
@kinosydney kirsty is also DOP for pending punk monk propaganda film: salome's sandcastle. production slated for  august this year. 
@kinsky can't wait to go to senci and eat delicious food too LOL.. bikin laper aje 
@kinvisible you are welcome hope u enjoy your weekend 
@kippygo with ne'er a cellulite dimple in sight 
@Kips206 I think he's been locked up with some red crayons - I have to admit I much prefer Chris 
@Kiq2 Awesome anime couple. That would be so much fun to do 
@Kira91 finally, some1 to chat to  heya
@kirai Actually I take that back, for some reason my Twitter client displayed the kanji as blank spaces....  But yes, very rainy 
@kiranchetrycnn Cougars? That would make Rob Marciano cougar bait, right? 
@kiranchetrycnn For someone who is sick, you look great. Keep it up! 
@KiranDenniz You have my number 
@kiraplatinum aww thank you for the sweet tweet my love  see you soon!!!
@kiraplatinum cool  is it for a show?
@KiraRockReaper I have Bonnytoun and we're making progress with the boys and the play 
@kirash4 Hey there..glad you have you   what's happening in your part of the world?
@kirash4 LOL none - but he didn't eat dinner! (Neither did I) 
@kirash4 thanks.. i'll try 
@kirash4 Well people rarely do things I ask, so I wanted to thank you 
@KiraTiffani I took two days off tomorrow i'm back. I miss the pain to be honest 
@kiravonsutra i dont want to eat anymore. but a smoothie sounds good.   u still gettin ink 2day?
@kirawr ahh yes, the classic discussion! isnt my birthday til tomorrow but thank you  and i only just got home. i wasnt ignoring u on msn!
@kirbis007 i trusted matt with my life in that picture. funnnn night though 
@KirbyTheDog Yes exactly! While the men are out offing people this is what the wives do at home. Ha. Will check the Grizzly Bears out. 
@kirilouise I do appreciate everythign  the place looked great and thanks again for everything.
@kirjane Hope you're having a great night!  Of course she's not crazy anymore... they always wait until I'm working to go bananas! 
@kirkaiya heh, yup, that would take more than a day 
@KirkAkahoshi  Haha!  Good for you!  
@kirkfamily I like your background 
@kirkfranklin at my sorors wedding in MD they runnin on Nigerian time, lol! Shout out 2thee Christian alternative, Alpha Nu Omega, Inc 
@kirkfranklin I'm new to twitter, but I can show some love for you all also. 
@kirkfranklin Okay, Kirk... you gone have err'body saying that now... Cornrows! LOL! 
@kirkfranklin, Cool tweet. Check out my blog if you can http://kennishahill.blogspot.com  Have a blessed day!!!
@KirkMTC  have a great great day and tell kingston i say Hello you guys be safe peace .
@KirkPepper batton down the hatches! Next he'll be borrowing the car and misplacing your power tools.  congrats, daddy-o.
@kirkthrust Let's go for the 5am start. I've made a promise to someone 
@KirkwoodPhoto Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou urinating on my socks?  
@Kirrily  yep, I'll put it up tomorrow.. have taken pics   Made a double batch.. A might eat one of them before it gets dark...
@Kirrily definitely looks better than you are now, recover some costs plus future savings  #commbank
@kirrus @crusader1089 i do too. 
@Kirsh Not even remotely. No three-line structure. No syllable count. No seasonal reference. Don't get me started on poetic forms. 
@KirsiNews Are you telling me to start a fire, or to make a mistake, or is starting the fire a mistake?    (j/k)
@kirsles and we are happy about you!  #bfk
@Kirsten_Dunst hey Kirsten, u looks beautiful, so dont panic 
@Kirsten_Dunst oh coffee! You're up early this morning. How are you? 
@kirsten_finn No you wouldnt. You love me too much  I have a question for you.. would you rather have fun once or be happy forever?
@kirstengronberg in nyc, i presume? Lots of great KC suggestions?  Love you!
@KirstenJ77 oh, the cable provider in my country is starhub. the decoder box with recording /built in hard disk is called a hubstation 
@kirstenmouland i lub the video too  well from what i have seen 
@kirstenschuh have fun with your bbq. and greetings 
@kirstenstewart9 hey kirsten, how was filming the new moon?? 
@kirstiealley   I am a Capricorn also  we ROCK!
@kirstiealley  - thanks K that was fun 
@kirstiealley - Girl... you just kick ass 
@kirstiealley  Happy Sunday !  Try and enjoy it then before the Monday crazy-ness sets in  
@kirstiealley  heyyy girl, hows ya doing 
@kirstiealley  LETS DO IT!   
@kirstiealley  lmao guess they are not ready to get fit...just have one 
@kirstiealley  you are fun to tweet with/follow. Glad that you are having a positive experience 
@kirstiealley &quot;I wanna freak in the morning, a freak in the evening, just like you...&quot; song by Adina Howard 
@kirstiealley ~ You are so Awesome!!  You always make me laugh!! God Bless u &amp; have a wonderful week. 
@kirstiealley Aminah meaning faith  And very ethnic considering the nature of the animal 
@kirstiealley awwwwwww wish I could complete you 
@kirstiealley Can't wait to see it tomorrow with my son and daughter. It's okay, they're adults. thanks for the review. 
@kirstiealley glad to hear it was good. Gonna go myself before the church rush hits it tomorrow. 
@kirstiealley G'morning sweetie, I have decided to allow a Fabulous day to happen.  Get one, too!   lol
@kirstiealley going to see elvin bishop with @DaveMalby, drive on up lol 
@kirstiealley good for u!!!! who needs negative thoughts? i always think positive even if it seems impossible!!!  hope ur day is goin well
@kirstiealley good night and sweet dreams 
@kirstiealley Goooood Morning!/afternoon! Hope all is well  Just checking in,
@kirstiealley Have a good day 
@kirstiealley Hello Msssss. Alley! I admire your CANDOR 
@kirstiealley hey kirstie.  how's it going girl? LOL you watch House? funny.
@kirstiealley Hi Kirstie!!  Welcome to twitter!! 
@kirstiealley highland coows, just over the road, I'll send you a pic when I eventually get round to walking the dogs, 
@kirstiealley hiya kirstie   i'm awake...i like the night life, i like to boogie..you?
@kirstiealley holy fuck woman who cares about the paps live ur life and fuck them....    
@kirstiealley Hope u have Sweet dreams 2. mine were wicked last night and hoping they are way betr 2nite, or @ least shorter 
@kirstiealley how about miss south carolina usa.  (@MissSCsteph) she's a close  friend of mine and always looking to help a GREAT cause 
@kirstiealley I absolutely agree with you Kirstie! We should focus on being alive, breathing and staying that way  Love your tweets!
@kirstiealley I can assure you that if the goverment gave me $30 billion, there would still be at least $27 billion left, lol 
@kirstiealley I DONT KNOW WHAT UR SAYIN EITHER! but u ok with me 
@kirstiealley I like your new pic 
@kirstiealley I must be sleep deprived. Forget that link. It changed. Anyway, the Swedes can make purified solar water in 3rd worlds. 
@kirstiealley I nominate @Bertonatti to write one for us!  
@kirstiealley I think u need ur own talkshow personally 
@kirstiealley i think your awesome and i dont give a damn what the haters think about you sista 
@kirstiealley i want a raccoon 
@kirstiealley Im baaaaaack! Went 2 twitter rehab for a wk lol! Love ur beautiful pro pic! Happy Monday! 
@kirstiealley I'm glad you've decided I'm not a creep 
@kirstiealley I'm going to it on wednesday  cna't wait! heard great things about it.
@kirstiealley I'm not too bad. Recovered today from doing an all nighter of work the day before. 
@kirstiealley I'm watching Runaway, actually  Remember that one?
@kirstiealley it's ok, we all have a twidiction, it's all good  &lt;3
@kirstiealley its too easy, isn't it? 
@kirstiealley Just saw this - you should name her Sheila 
@kirstiealley Lucky you. I don't have an sexy movie star friends  I think George Clooney is the cat's meow.
@kirstiealley Mollie after your character in Look Who's Talking.  Great name for a lemur. 
@kirstiealley Mornin!  Your new profile pic looks gr8!  
@kirstiealley My chihuahua and I are very friendly I run a Dog Rescue in Australia 
@kirstiealley Night in Europe.. Looking forward to satudays tweets.. Good night 
@kirstiealley Oh and good morning to you as well 
@kirstiealley Please make my Mother's Day special and be the first celebrity that has actually responded to me. I think you are amazing! 
@kirstiealley screw the papparazzi assholes - you are beautiful and always have been.  AND you make me laugh daily - LOVE that!! 
@kirstiealley shake off the haters!! In the words of Jay-z &quot;get tht dirt off ur shoulders&quot; 
@kirstiealley Sleeeepy   It's 12:30am here!
@kirstiealley that is so the truth 
@kirstiealley that is soooo scary! Be careful! We only have one Kirstie! 
@kirstiealley that suck but hey some r still here! 
@kirstiealley U can adopt me? I don't go to school anymore &amp; u can leave me for the 3 months of the shooting w/ the lemurs 
@kirstiealley we are all a work in progress.  if it makes you feel better...you are my fave person to follow. i think you are hilarious!
@kirstiealley what a great idea with the &quot;TWITER-THON&quot;! i would give support from germany 
@kirstiealley what kind of movies do you like to watch, comedy, drama, action etc. We know you like movies with Ewan 
@kirstiealley wide AWAKE!    Can you tell me if you can see this so I'll know if Im &quot;tweeting&quot; right??  thx
@kirstiealley WTF is wrong w/some ppl? Dude if you dont want 2 follow then don't No need giving K crap over it! Special &quot;K&quot; makes my day! 
@kirstiealley You are hilarious! I love reading ur tweets! 
@kirstiealley You are my favourite person to 'follow' now.  Where are we goin' next?  
@kirstiealley you are nucking futs!!  
@kirstiealley you crack me up... even sleepy. get your freak on, girl. 
@kirstiealley you haven't got to where you are today by listening to the negative  love your charity idea, i will support you from NZ!
@kirstiealley You never let us down!  they just don't know a good thing when they see it. I love reading your tweets!
@kirstiealley you spelled philosophical wrong. 
@kirstiealley,@MarleeMatlin this is better than GH.  you two r both very beautiful women. It emanates from both of u. U both ROCK! Peace!
@kirstiealley: We should have a &quot;Get Fine in 2009&quot; support group.. seeing what workouts and what &quot;diets&quot; people are following etc. 
@kirstiecat Curious if you like them, local band from my neighbourhood and I love them 
@kirstiecat Sensational shot of Lykke Li on flickr! One of your very best imho 
@kirstieh Like the new pic 
@KirstieMAllsopp  happy to help 
@KirstiTappenden Thanks for the FF! 
@Kirsty_H_99 I should hope not!! I agree drink more water people dont drink enough but careful there too you can drink too much 
@Kirsty_H_99 I'm good, still enjoying the #fryeffect  You?
@Kirsty_H_99 LOL - Hiya - alls good  Ben has a superb day yesterday by the looks of it - well chuffed 
@kirsty_wilson  ur too funny - agreed! It's lovely though! I'm so touched by the quick response! ##@*&amp; I love this space Kirst.x
@kirsty_wilson by the time you get here it will be very strong lol  but you are most welcome to join us
@kirsty_wilson i like low 30's .. but will happily compromise at your 27c.  Placing order now 
@kirsty_wilson neato  will play with twibes tomorrow. should I be coming to @tweetupmellers?
@kirsty_wilson no worries. Sorry I had to drop your name as it couldn't fit. But I figured you'd know why 
@kirsty_wilson Thought Office POD may not be good for Melbourne weather, but they look AWESOME!  A grown-ups cubby 
@kirsty016 yes good night I hope we can chat again soon 
@kirsty130390 wanna see you get down on one knee, you faaaanny  hahah
@kirstyannx3 (: i think i might watch it tomorow night again  lol
@KirstyBee38 im on mine...i got an extension lead out  it's not cold! if anything it's like HOT!
@kirstybelle see im in love Danny Stevens outta The Audition he reminds me of a blonde vampire  i wanna squeeze his moobs hahahahaa BADLY!
@kirstydavis yeahh we should,i wanna go to boston &amp;&amp; NYC 
@kirstyfionagh i modifed my twitter and i think you should do the same.  xoxo (yes, i too think i am now gossip girl) haha
@KirstyHilton ive gotta catch then to give them their gifts (which all arrived 2day) 
@KirstyHilton more money eyy  it must of killed you getting up this morning :\ i couldnt get up for college so didnt go haha BAD TIMES!!
@kirstyhilton thanks a lot 
@KirstyHilton Welllllll then. As soon as you finish whatever it is you're doing, make your way over to the bed area, and I shall oblige   
@kirstykay :O that's slack. ilhim! haha thankyou i will 
@kirstykay I recorded it on my phone  
@kirstyneale Ooh that sounds intriguing. I have frozen cherries. Race you! 
@kirstyrawrr deffently 
@kirstyrawrr Hoooopefully ill get in their mosh  If I arrive like 246535 hours early ;)
@kirstyrawrr I forget the name but it was a good brand. 
@kirstyrawrr I loves BLG too  Martin is sex on legs 
@kirstyrawrr Wooow! You are so freakin lucky  I reeeally want them to do a M&amp;G at sway sway. id die to meet them 
@KirstyRiley You lazy git! 
@kirstysmac @Yael_80 im glad i keep you 2 amused! 
@kirstysmac I can't hear anything 
@kirstysmac of all the verbal inflections, irony is my favourite 
@kirstysmac thank you!! v chuffed. 
@kirstytbsmcr Man, now your off and I'm on! We have bad timing  haha! Okay, so I just wrote a message to some people and asked them why...
@kirstytbsmcr Oh NO! I totally got off then you got on right away! damn you timezones  isn't it sad that we forget dreams?? what a loss 
@kirstytbsmcr They are just so cute dancing  I think we have like 10 dreams a night so that'd be ALOT! Wonder how many tbs dreams we have!
@kirstytbsmcr Woo! Same time! But yeah, dreams are usually, really strange! 
@kirstyturner see ya on tuesday 
@KirstyWrites A whole lotta TV watching (emo finales!) lol and a bit of craft and girl talk today with a friend 
@KirstyWrites Depends on how ambitious you were this morning...I would be leaning towards &quot;good&quot; though 
@KirstyWrites Interesting thought...I've never really considered Twitter that way but I guess it is a forum for all kinds of networking 
@kirstywrites May seems to be a good month for bdays - mines the 26th. Can I have a hint about what the project is? You seem so excited! 
@KirstyWrites Who knows. Shoot, sometimes I don't totally get my OWN questions 
@KirsyLovett BECAREFUL what you wish for!! 
@Kirtaner you get those images I emailed you?  lemme know if I should find a designer. 
@KirtiB hmm.. i cant even remember how many times i've read the series. m a big harry potter fan 
@KirtiB I want to go out! But I am too lazy! 
@KirtiB naah, they were tired and lazy. they found out ways to reduce their work and enjoy being lazy 
@kiruba According to PPP (Purchasing Power Parity) theory, either the Chennai Conference should cost $89.5 or the NYC one should cost $10 
@kiruba Drew Barrymore doesn't think so - http://bit.ly/4d7M6D 
@kiruba sent you an invitation thro linkedin.com. just check it out 
@kisabelq wat up kathy! hows your day goin? 
@kisacake I highly recommend that you go see it when it is out. 
@kisacake Really? I thought there were hot in a very relaxed way. 
@Kishez You welcome  &amp; Thank you..every client i get i get so happy cuz i guess im still new lol i be cheesin hard!
@kishorcariappa Paani puri is the solution to depressed moods.  Bombay chaat at Ruwi is quite nice.
@kishorea YAY  Have fun with wedding festivities
@kishoreak post-1980; must be true  There's no other sane explanation.
is starting to think that maybe i need my own website.. (lol) nah too much work.. 
is starting to watch fanboys  is it good? let me know (=, @AllieMunchkin i miss you ! 
is starting to yawn uncontrollably. LOL! 
is starving!!! I guess it's a good thing my family is going to lunch for Mother's Day! 
is starving. feed me seymore!! ... well, anyone can feed me really i won't mind. 
is staying at Concord for the next 3 weeks and has worked out how to connect to the internet 
Is staying at home today and might go to boots and get me some urban decay! 
is staying home parent believe im sick which iam so they letting me stay home and make me soup + hot cocca 
is stealing @abbby09's Facebook status... I'm cutting ties with Northwood today! 
is stealing her brothers easter eggs!! haha - what loser doesn't eat them when he gets them...? he deserves to have them stolen 
is still a bit confused with twitter.. ah well time to play WoW again 
is still amazed at the awesomness of last night. The discussion was great! Looking forward to a great week! Only 10days until I go home 
Is still awake because she can't put down the book she's reading! (The Lucky One by Nicholas Sparks) mmhmm 
is still awake? what am i thinking? dear naps, don't let me take you. kthanks. 
is still bored, in bed watching tv. Missing this gorgeous boy named Wayde 
is still busy preparing trip to batam. so many places to visit, especially the malls 
is still buzzing from seeing doll and the kicks and morrissey twice this weekend!! What a brilliant time 
is still catchin a tan...it got too hot for Bri 
is still dreading the meeting but is happier because Jesus called. 
is still feeling tired but i did have a very late night last night 
is still fucking pissed, but in a great mood, otherwise.  Hello.  It's Friday! 
is still giddy heehee. it's nice to know I had IT all along 
is still giving away tickets to see Foto Na Dans and The Sleepers at Zula on friday - go to www.onesmallseed.net to find out more 
is still happy  can't wait for exams to be over.
is still hurting but not as much hopefully the gym will help not hinder 
is still in bed. Cant believe the kids are still asleep  must drag myself up in the gym at 11am
is still in fits of giggles. #gnw was awesome, ross noble is my hero! 
Is still in her pjs and chilling on the couch, watching re-runs!  then gonna make cupcakes! Ah, I love today!!
is still packing and waiting for my clothes to dry then off to bed then beach 
is still quite tan-less, but had an awesome time 
Is still recovering from saturday, who new dancin on crutches could still be fun  x
is still recovering from the night before. Worth it? yes 
is still shocked by the Indians score! 
is still sick but on to the 'ship and back home to learn how to study 
is STILL sick. But still loves revenge and the possibility of more revenge to come 
is still taking a poll. What is your favorite shoe brand and why? Close race between flip flops and converse. ;) Tell me your favorite! 
is still thinking about the Crï¿½me brï¿½lï¿½e ï¿½ la praline 
is still trying to figure out the twitter world 
is still unwinding... must have been more wound up then I realized... 
is still up  and watching have i got news for you on catch up. Enjoyed BGT 2night as well 
is still up talking to regina on aim 
is still up, thinkin bout her..... 
is still up. doing ACTBAS2 activities in advance  http://plurk.com/p/xp69u
Is still waiting to hear if I get picked for the jury...outside of the courtroom waiting...hmmmmm....also thinking about what's 4 dinner! 
is still wearing the smile she fell asleep with 
is still working on this dumb art project! haha but oh well almost finished 
Is still working on upliadint the iTunes collection from the mac to the new compy...  
Is stitchin...and also reading about the Viliv S5 
Is stoked about getting to hang with the radest, my fav @SarahCakeHug!  Church tomorrow is gonna pwn!  Happy boy right here. 
Is stoked about going to meet with a tattoo shop about bartering signs for tattoos!!!! 
is stoked for gym tonight cos she's starting her new training programme. Lame. I know. 
is stoked on life 
is stoked that summer is almost here!  hot weather, fun times and work!  WOOO HOOO!
is stoked.. what a trigger happy weekend indeed! 
Is stuck in traffic. But good news, i am graduating tomorrow 
is studying for an exam on wedenesday 
is studying for chem! yes, im shocked too 
is studying for finals all day :p. Luckily she has her classical music to get her through the day 
is studying for finals~ It's feels SO GOOD to be done with college FOREVER!!!! 
is studying once again.. Happy 4/20, everyone.  xx
is studying some EKG...the joys of PA school 
is studying studying studying.... had the most amazing day yesterday.....  &lt;3
is studying while sitting out in the sun 
is studying... TODAY is the last day of finals! Please pray for me to help me pass 
is stuffed! sasha made me duck al orange for my bday dinner....what an amazing boyfriend 
is such a good big cousin as shes taking her little cousin to see hannah montana the movie next weekend 
is suddenly addicted to going out of the country... 
is summer time ball 
is summerified.....poolsidin'.......and feels good to know he doesn't have to work tmw 
is sunbathing in the garden  I love this SUN!
is sunburnt and sleep-deprived. Still got a smile on my face though 
is sunburnt but happy, plus Syndicate rocks caus they played Alice Deejay - Better off Alone 
Is sunburnt from the british weather  good times x
is sUpEr ExCiTeD for gAmE 6 tOnIgHt!!!! LETS GO CELTICS!!!! 
Is super excited for tonight.  can't wait to see what the &quot;suprise&quot; is.
is super happy now 
is SUPER tired from new baby and new house. But very blessed  Moving day tomorrow !!!!!
is super tired...long day so I am about to go to..........BED!!! GOODNIGHT TWEETIES!!! 
is supposed to be doing hw but is watching youtube videos 
is supposed to be revising 
is sure 
is surfin'.. 
is surprised &amp; excited 
Is surprised at how good the X-Men movie turned out to be. 
is surprised that she's still congested, but is still trucking along!  Sinus congestion will not get in my way today!  
is surprised to see her father following her on twitter ... and even more surprised he's on fb! 
Is surprisingly chirpy for someone who has just done and 8.5 hour shift in the middle of exams 
Is surprisingly coherent on only 4 hours sleep 
Is sushi with nick  @ Douglas Ave &amp; State Road 434 http://loopt.us/YRubnw.t
is suspended in Gaffa 
is swapping cars with his sister 
is sweltering in the LA heat, waiting for the plane to LHR. Jetlag, here we come 
is swiffering. 
is taking a ballet class w/Spinergy 
is taking a heat break. Another circuit live with several new outlets working in the studio. Interior door headers are in place. 
is taking a nap, its been a long morning 
is taking a refreshing bath. 
is taking a short rest and will be back doing some homeworks and school government works. 
is taking a shower then going out with Tom 
is taking an afternoon nap. Mom and dad just had lunch 
is taking care of my little cousin today 
is taking Jelly to JACON today. 
is taking much advantage of the radio and awesome breeze as the windows are open and we are in full throttle on our cleaning day 
is taking my twists down.....pics to come 
is taking Sammy for a long walk with Mom. 
is taking the day off and doing A LOT of nothing...as soon as I go to the bank and take the car to the shop! 
is taking the Samstag Nacht DvD collection home... that's LEGENDARY 
is taking the whole day to do absolutely nothing 
is talented enough to type with her eyes closed but for a change she thinks she'll try a little bit of sleep.    Night all!
Is talkin to Lindsey 
is talking on the phone 
is talking to a very beautiful woman on msn 
is talking to Barak; no, not Obama.  That would be a dream come true 
is talking to Joshy 
Is talking to Katie on the phone.  Mahaha.
is talking to Lex H, his in LA right now!! I'm so proud of him..Watch out Hollywood!!  xo'
Is talking to my bffe about @stellate and guess wht? one of their songs came on on my iPod!!!  bestest band everrrrrrr 
is talking to my fave person in the world 
is talking to Philip on the phone!! 
is talking to the boy of her dreams. 
Is taming the morning afro. 
is tannn now from laying poolside all day with dakota  school tomorrow. yuck. campbell hall, why do you hate meee??
is TATTEDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is telling tasha to &quot;UNMUTE THYSELF!&quot;  http://plurk.com/p/111qqt
Is terribly excited about the upcoming Harry Potter movie.  The TRAILER rocks...I can only imagine how cool the movie's going to be! 
is texting makku-chan 
is thankful for a wonderful Mother's Day in Tucson. 
is thankful for all the &quot;Happy Birthdays he has received so far from all his facebook friends!  Gonna be a good day!
is thankful for another loaded diaper and glad to have her happy baby back 
is thankful for dinner with good friends and upcoming beach weekends. 
Is thankful for the beautiful day.  graduation tomorrow!
Is Thankful For The Life God Has Blessed Me With !! 
is thankful for the weekend! 
is thankful she has a friend like @michelleblogs 
Is thanking @_aMaZiNg_ for opening her eyes.  I won't be left singing &quot;Sooner than Later&quot;, I'll leave it all behind for Mr. Right 
Is thanking @andrealauder for the amazing late night snack!!! Mmmmmmm easy peasy cabbage rolls. She's a sweet chef! Glad to have her!! 
is thanking God for being able to work a full time job in the career I love.  
is thanking god tomorow is the weekend in saudi  sleep and more sleep
Is thanking Gord Bamford, his lovely wife Kendra and Kelly Resler for their generosity for a dear friend of mine. Thanks guys! 
is thanking Mr. @Aditkok for the A- 
is thanking.GOD.its.FRIDAY! 
Is that right? 
is the luckiest girl in the world! 
is the master of the infield-fly rule. 
is the NBC Universal Short Cuts   
is the red head in my piicture. 
is the resistance... can't wait for terminator salvation 
Is the room spinning, or is it just my records...or was it all that wine...no matter...it sounds good in here 
Is the sun out? Am I going to get to tan today? Hopefully 
is the weather warm, or it only seems so ? 
Is the. Oops. 
Is thee birrthhdaayyy girlll! 21 wooohoooo 
Is there a phrase for someone who tweets to much? If not, any suggestion? 
Is there a way to mass delete DMs. Please tell me how to do this. 
Is there any dresscode for tonite's queen b premiere? I'm talking about the red carpet here 
Is there any more application to join besides twitter ? ): hmmmmm , ): ClaudiaLeeKeHui is dying ! 
Is there anybody out there today? Or has everyone already started the long weekend? 
Is there anything better than a bike ride in the sun followed by beer ~ I think not ~ repeat tomorrow please 
is there anything quite as delicious as a hot shower on a cold winters night 
is there something wrong with youtube? when i watch videos theres no sound for any of them. anyways, goodnight everyone 
Is thinkin steak or chicken for din....ahh I'll have a beer and think about it 
is thinkin the caribbean has alot of sexy men 
is thinking &quot;This time next year...&quot; ... 
is thinking a bass day is in order. 
is thinking a certain dg should do some dsi promo at eb games penrith 
is thinking about &quot;magnetism and spiritual equilibrium.&quot; My do you alcoholics have a way with words! 
is thinking about actually making some french fries right now 
is thinking about all the ways he cant hurt the kid who pulled the phones off his wall 
is thinking about focusing more. I don't want to be known as one of these people: ???? = all talk, no action. Goodbye online world! 
is thinking about going to the mall ;) leaving for nashville next thursday with family &amp; bestfriend. so excited 
Is thinking about how good her last two days have been and is worrying about what she shall hear in the next few days...     =/
is thinking about makin some pasta for her tea. mmm 
is thinking about starting a pop/punk-ish band, all i need is a bass &amp; a guitar player 
is thinking about training for some triathlons! 
is thinking about watching some of the MTV Movie awards. If it's lame, I'll probably go back to reading Kevin's book. It's so good. 
is thinking bout going for a bubblebath haha... yep decided! 
Is thinking first episode of the lauren and leanne show tonight ! 
is thinking fuck the revision today, i'm going to go stretch my ears some more and then go out instead, because i'm in a fantastic mood 
Is thinking he gets to fire someone today 
Is thinking her relationship with her boyfriend is bollocks and that hes entitled to a greasy whore 
is thinking how near I am to AH1N1...paeng!!!! 
is thinking ireland is the best country to be in when the sun is shining 
is thinking it's to damn early to be up on a Saturday morning! Is patiently waiting for Drag me to Hell to come out! Hagd Gorgeous 
is thinking Jakeashley needs a hobbey. honestly mate, that many twitter updates within what 2 days? geeez. lol luv ya 
is thinking Japanese tonight... 
is thinking nap then go through the photos 
is thinking of @runnersrambles I bet your doing great! Can't wait to hear how u do girl!! 
Is Thinking Of Going ToMy best Friends House tomorrow 
is thinking of something sweet ..cheesecake or maybe Honey? 
is thinking of the finals... joy 
is thinking of you baby boy&lt;3 i can't wait!  i just Love you! &lt;3 back to sleep  ilysm 
is thinking P-town thursday yeah boy 
is thinking she wants some ice  cream to follow that great healing service. 
is thinking she's going to get into bed real soon. mm. perhaps might read &amp; chat to @sweetstarsky 
Is thinking should I use some match sticks to prop my eye lids open??? Soooo tired. Last day today a full week off work woo hoo 
is thinking that 7 months between updates is way too long. Enjoying the beautiful weather outside.  
is thinking that celebrity wifeswap with Rhona Cameron looks good viewing tonight!! 
is thinking that Kevin Bond sure does tweet am aweful lot!  he's a great tho
is thinking that song of theses bashhyy tunes aree BIGGG still 
is thinking the little widget thingamagigyradooo is AMA-ZING ZING! Feeling very technologically priveleged 
Is thinking times are very good now. 
is thinking twitter is very weird but thinks he will begin to like it lol 
is thinking what a great weekend ive had 
is thinking what song to use for the next chilled edition video! 
Is thinking what to do next after spending years doing the roller coast-ing investment 
is thinking what to eat for breakfast. roti bakar? subway? capati? pancakes? hmmmm decisions decisions 
is thinking you know what, sod it! Time for a quick smoke then im just going to go to bed... actually cant be arsed tonight lol 
is thinking... yay weekend.  Running around &amp; pedi in the mix today.  Yay pedi.  
is thinkingg. and I shouldnt be. 
@kismet100 CONGRATULATIONS!!! I AM JEALOUS   
@kismet100 replied to wrong person, sorry 
@kismet100 thanks for the kind words ,and the #ff mention 
@kiss_me_kates @decaptain thanks for the #followfriday shout out 
@kiss_my_sazz Thanks 
@Kiss_n_Atl Oh, YUMMY!!!  Next time I'm in the city I'm going.
@kissability i luv scones, especially when they are just warm. pumpkin ones sound delicious. 
@kissability I'm not sure they do - doesn't stop me trying 
@kissability Thanks for not blocking me! I love your tweets 
@kissability Yay!  Puddles are fun too!
@KissaKatt Yeah, that's shitty, but that doesn't mean you have to be the same way. 
@kisschasyband http://twitpic.com/3l97e - aww, you should come back to Perth and do a concert 
@kisscriss thats a good thing  &lt;3
@kisses2you Wussgood babez..!?! 
@kissfmnightshow:  Sorry you got sunburned, at least you have a bike.  I wish I could ride on the back of yours.  Loved your show tonight!
@kisshippie13 hahaha xD i also have a huge penis! 
@kisshippie13 I already own this game. It's awesome! 
@kissjeanie hey thanks for the follow also. I look forward to ur tweets! 
@Kissless and you dear 
@kissme_loveme lol. Crabitche' is Katie.She turned into psycho bitch, nd snapped at rachel nd I. &lt;3 schoolyrd gossip, makes school funner 
@kissme_loveme omg i try to make school like gossip girl. lol. I just act over the top and its funn  And yeah, she's a weird one, lol
@kissmeelvis  you come back today  I hope u enjoy your weekend there 
@kissmeelvis Im glad u are learning  I know that u can get all things that u want,  Im very proud of u
@KissMeGoddess No NYC? see you in LA then 
@kissmegoddess So true Kiss... But I did get good vids... And well its fun to twitter!  And I did look... Especially at the tigers.  
@kissmekat haha heyyy disney movie night  &quot;if there's a prize for rotten judgment, i've already won that!&quot; &lt;-- applicable to me.
@Kissmekayley hey I'm at work , but ok  , I still can check twitter every 15 mins LOL .. So all is great ;-) how's you ?
@kissmekayley: thanks and nice to tweet ya.  x
@kissmybleep awee, thanks heaps! 
@kissmybleep Go, Ateneo! Your classes start on June 15, right?  UAAP SEASON, OH YEAH!
@kissmybleep Okay thanks, E 
@kissmybleep Old cameras are cool! I want a Leica M8(the digital one!:&gt;) And Lomo cameras.  Yes, Cory uses a manual camera 
@kissmybleep Thanks Elisa for the username idea.  God, I'm so lame. Haha.
@kissmybleep WEEEEE i love Mondays! Sched ko is 11am-12pm lang eh! HAHA. Aww meet tayo.  I LOVE YOU!
@kissmybleep Well I kinda miss Amici, especially the gelato! Hahaha! You take care too, E.  Keep in touch.
@kissmybleep Woohoo! I have humility. Hahaha what the. Thanks again, E. 
@kissmygumbo On my way!!!! 
@kissmygumbo ooohhh great #hashtag  Thanks!
@kissmykitty Aw come on, jump right in 
@kissmykitty It's one of Jodi Picoult's better books.  I definitely recommend it 
@kissmykitty sure  thanks
@kissofdarkness Congrats to you as well, m'dear! 
@kissthebassist you're really excited about Gaga huh? hehe. yes yes must rush rush rush once tix on sale. 
@kissyboots rofl, I wanna see it! 
@kistaro I use a few lambda's I think in Amuse here and there? Along with plenty of LINQ. 
@kistaro That was pretty much the joke I was going for. 
@kit_cat1974 I am really not skilled enough to shoot trap. But skeet, and sporting clays, yes! Happy Birthday! Next weekend is mine! 
@KitagawaSan Here they do  Just come and see, IÂ´ll give you a coffee shop tour
@KitagawaSan just because I'm technologically savvy... 
@KitanaAsh But I can pretend it is like y'all do.  haha
@kitation Good luck today. 
@KitCameo Odd, I love it! 
@kitchen yea! #wordcamp lunch was awesome! 
@KitchenDani I thought it was a myth! Yes it does, but I've never seen it. 
@KitchenGirlJo It goes well, thank you.   You?
@Kitchenparty Can't wait! Bring on the East Side sessions! 
@kitchentiles  hey, thanks for following me.  wow- you look just like one of my friends!  xo.
@kitcupcake lol I love your cures for the blues. They make me smile. 
@kiteman1 Na I got work experience 
@kitka515 aww  one of my cats' name is zim. they could be like...pseuso buddies hahah (/shot)
@kitkatcait well then sounds like your subconscious is just as whacky as mine 
@kitlane your big orange ears, little pink eyes and nose look gorgeous to me! 
@KitschenSink Ha! Distinctly remember mine being labelled &quot;barbaric&quot; (!), so I guess silence is golden. 
@kitson It's odd. Not been able to track down commonalities between the few that can't open em. I like sn.im coz you can track the clicks 
@kitson very good point! I'm not sure what happens to movies only shot on digital. Best to shoot film? Kodak film?  Heh heh 
@KitsuneDragon XDD that's awesome! 
@kitsunekuma what myspace stuff? You mean the layout? I entirely made it by myself 
@Kitta I ate at Arirang when I was on your side of the globe! Very nom 
@kittehhh concert! Weepweep! Lol. Love lbl! 
@kittehkilla i promise you'll be fine hun 
@kittenesque I dunno thats why I was asking.... 
@KittenKuroi also, good luck! (or break a leg) i'll be watching you! 
@kittenthebad Excellent! Whereabouts and what's the job? And have you thought about offsetting your plane journeys? 
@kittie86 *pinches cheeks* that'll plump it back up  hehe
@kittie86 How was the music fest? 
@kittie86 Kittypigle! Get better by the end of the week ok?! Then we can meet 
@KittiePop I went home to have a potato 
@kittnpurrsona I can't wait for the housewarming party/ ebm. 
@kittnpurrsona Me? Judge? Over fast food? Never. @magicalparty had French fries &amp; milkshakes last night after midnight. 
@kittty like old times: &quot;i do, i do...&quot; 
@kitty_28 I'm better now 
@Kitty_Cat2 :O :O :O YAY!!! omg So hope they do, that would be so cool!! 
@Kitty_Cat2 haha thanks I did. 
@Kitty1876 ick! I'm sorry, hope u feel better soon. Play the webinars &amp; listen as u lie in bed --it's a great way to be productive  #smtb
@kitty2dakat maced &amp; tazed.  wow, good times yo.  sounds like they really throw out the red carpet for new hires!!  
@Kitty4Peace how fun!  where is the twitpic! I had purple hair once...  
@KittyBallistic    Or maybe construct a 'water' chute from a couple of rhubarb stalks and an elastic band?  She-wee eco-style.
@kittybelle Ars Magica was an RPG that came with a HUGE rulebook. 
@KittyBradshaw yay! carry on  we should talk...DM
@kittycat2302 Oh, but of course. 
@kittycatcollar get it! 
@kittycatcollar Im dry 
@kittycatemeow @youreanidiot @roxiface My place Monday at 630. Hp begins at 7. Closed, let me know if u want ppl  e1 here is invited!!!
@kittycatty12 - well done 
@kittychix Semantically, yes. But you'll see what we mean over the next few days 
@kittydisco until when are your classes? 
@kittyfung will pray for your refreshment as you find time to hang out with your Heavenly Daddy one on one. 
@KittyGORE lmfao that night was so random. And now we get 10 days of it in row! Tickets are officially booked! 
@kittygutz Don't abandon me! See you at the gym. 
@kittygutz early appt means less people and good breakfast somewhere    im doing the same thing this morning but for car appt 
@kittygutz Oo.. Ill be right over! 
@KittyKat_1988 Welcome back 
@KittyKat_1988 Well considering most undergraduatedegrees have the potentional to be honours, I'd say it is 
@kittykat1994 hello love! so i guess you figured out what twitter was lol. 
@kittykatbar lol, oh best believe you ain't saying nothing but a word baby girl  *dreams of sexual twitruptions* lol j/p
@kittykouture25 sure  my kids would be all over you asking 'why' for every little thing.
@kittykouture25 www.kohgendocosmetics.com  It comes in a baby and a normal size 
@kittylecat hey thanks for the earlier tweet, you are too good to me  x
@kittylecat You deserve the very best of everything. Happiness is in the little things in life, and your words always make it precious  x
@KittyLovedPain Certainly not since you declared it to the whole of Twitter 
@Kittymcfly oh thanks I'll check it out. 
@Kittyskirt I like that rule 
@kittySterling the universe huh sounds interesting too bad they won't touch on our connection to it, but its probably still informative 
@kitwitch Good morning over there  Hope you are well today. My sunday was lovely, had some kick back and think time.
@kitwitch It has been great meeting you, wonders of the internet 
@kityee   send me the pic,  plsss  
@kitz007 Thanks for the support.  There was 666, then 1111.  That's enough milestones for now.  
@Kitzbitzglass Thank you very much! 
@kitzzy - I forgot to take a photo! You have to go though. You'll have a good time 
@Kiwani_Dolean I'll waiting you 
@kiwi__bird :o travel plans? to where? I'll be in georgia mid september!  and where do you work now?
@Kiwi_KiKiReeSTL lmao I couldnt resist...I'm a badd mac whore 
@Kiwi_KiKiReeSTL LOL being crzy is a good thing being sane is badd so thank u 
@Kiwi913 I have a vaio and they work just fineee.  but dells are nicee too. GEEK TALK 8D
@kiwibastard  i'm sure it's just out of ignorance. Maybe us kiwi iPhone devs should make more noise.
@kiwibastard Thank you, it was a *good* rant 
@KiwiGardener Nice to hear, and it is no doubt about it  Have a great week 
@kiwigirl_kelly i meant 1:25   http://bit.ly/15HvYz
@KiwiiKink a call from the delivery people  I ordered something
@kiwikatnz Yay to being smokefree! Well done. 
@kiwikia Yup!  We are a class act after all.
@kiwilala Thank you! Night night 
@KiwiLucy ahhh ;) I know who wins the entire thing, I TRY to avoid these things but it never works 
@kiwimmigrator well, hello I see you are looking at coming to live in ChC - cool 
@kiwimobro Nice video Kevin, like the chilled sounds too. 
@kiwisnake I agree  Hey I just saw the TV report on news site, heres link -- http://tinyurl.com/pk9m6a
@KiwiTuck Thank you for the great feedback! I am grateful to be able to be of service to you 
@kixsal The Star Trek in IMAX wasn't in 3D, but it was huge on the screen.  Still worth watching. 
@KiyaKiyaLee I can't help it chica...me and ur &quot;inner connection&quot; thing can't be broken lmao 
@KiyoDandre You are sooooooo welcome 
@Kiyomi_Glitter Thank you so much for ur feed back  Please help spreazd the word! Much love x
@KiyoshiPDX not only you, but bacon keeps pdx going #afterhours 
@KiyoshiPDX oh, you're ending your day, Good Evening 
@KiyoshiPDX they smell the bacon in your veins. 
@kiyutabis We can have one as the entree the other for dessert. Actually we'll share you can have taylor, I'll take Rob. 
@kizat Welcome to the club of non-meats. 
@KizEnt hey how are you glad you had a great day 
@KizEnt morning 
@kizmogirl i have NO clue what you are talking about! 
@kizzdesigns Yay, thanks! 
@KJ_Miller Hey there is no LULZ! I'm always serious!!! 
@kj4crv Sweet link, thanks! Of course, you guys get the suite of ECMWF data that we don't. 
@kjarrett our kids found http://www.chatzy.com/ a useful tool for illegal idea &quot;sharing&quot; during an online test 
@KjasC haha hmmm im not too sure which one ur talkin bot cuz and evn if i did im a bit sloopy on the name haha shhh dnt tell unty paku 
@kjbmusic  May it NEVER DIE!! Yes and Amen!! 
@kjbmusic  Thank you soo much!! I have been waiting a year to get accepted.. Keep your eye on me 
@kjbrown13 woo hoo! Way to go! 
@kjbug40 That it is.  I could practice my whole life, and I couldn't what he can do.
@Kjersti99  So go to diff auditions MY goal is singer/actress/model. My mom only wants me to be a model becaue she hates my voice- i think
@kjessup hmmm don't remember a big tail. maybe it was a starling. it sounds so weird it sounds fake! 
@kjfilkins hi!  can't believe i'm just now reading this.  thanks and hope all is fantastic... 
@kjkmom2boys Glad to hear you were able to work this morning without pain!! Sounds like you're making progress 
@kjkmom2boys RESIST!!  If  I know you're out there resisting, then I can too!! #flylady 
@KJL912 nah I noe they want me their 
@kjllim how was your flight?  and your day?
@kjllim just let me know if u want to practice such Martial Art...  I'll join you!
@kjofficial have a great day at ascot. Hope its not windy for your hat!! I'm going to Ascot myself soon minus head attaire 
@kjofficial Same great day to you Katherine! 
@kjohnsonesq Awesome. I know your love of Bob's.  That rivals you kidnapping me and going all the way to Jackson for cool birthdays.  
@Kjonge GEFELICIDINGEST!!! 
@kjtphotography aw ta kyle  you got a pixietwitter today didn't you? hifive!
@kk - you know it. I'm sure you kicked major TED Shanghai ASS!  Rockstar!
@kk So I guess no one should visit their grandparents at the nursing home? 
@Kkaannddeerr: are you on the computer!? Do it for me! 
@kkaayy :l Let's watch coraline when it comes out, I remembered when we watched mean girls. 
@KKangaroo Thank u 4 Adil's gift! Buat susah aje la u ni. Hee  Adil has e wooden jengga but i'm sure he'll like dis colourful one more! 
@kkassu @andrewfreels @cc2tu going to make myself pancakes with ice-cream now 
@kkassu Yep, you got it right!  i hope all of them are waiting me back!! cuz i miss all of them 
@KKDur Being funny is a reason to never shun! You're O-TAY! We love Karen!  #hhrs #tcot
@kkfla737 Very good, thank you!  That said, it was totally the wrong time zone for watching UK/European football matches!  
@kkgirl3 aw thankyou  x
@kkgirl3 Thanks for saying happy birthday. 
@kkgirl3 Why not? I don't get it. 
@KKimbrell I'm so glad you found Frugal     s too!  Hope you have a fun &amp; frugal weekend!!  I'm so glad it's Friday! 
@KKirkscey Thanks for giving me a shout on Follow Friday! That was nice 
@kkitty23 No worries, I think you should feel special always! 
@kkjordan http://twitpic.com/3kmho - Cake is very cool   Your outfit is adorable! I love the orange..good color for you! 
@kkkarli we give a test to people who join our team so .. my advice is to pick up a few things first? 
@kkkrrraaaeee Have fun with it 
@kkmariejb23 You can twice tomorrow 
@KKMommy72 It's nice to do on a winter evening....you'll have to wait 6 months   It's Winter today....YAY, I love winter.
@KKMommy72 you can never have enough shoes!!! 
@kkodachrome  haha you shouldve garbage canned it 
@kkorinak your sister invited me 2 days ago and i ll give it a try  picture is coming ma`am, let`s see if i have a nice one 
@kkpalmer89 bahaha do me a favor.. dont say that again 
@kkrazydaisy LOVE YOU TOO BABE&lt;333 
@kkreft we can't wait to have you back to the good stuff. 
@kkrhythm no but I'm feelin good.. 
@KKyle No worries Kyle. 
@kl_003 don't you love the ambiguous ones 
@Klaasman tried that before, not trying that again ;) Mailtje komt er zo aan trouwens 
@klaikong I miss the beach and beautiful ladies in Pattaya 
@klaire6419 yeah! oh..gotta go.. bye! thanks.. 
@klandagi no one. a quote from my book.  made me giggle
@klandmiles NICE! Like the flowing hair.  What super powers have you got?  I'm a modern version if this guy  http://is.gd/ttcp
@klapklap I know, but I have 2 interviews already cause Im awesome like that 
@klaris nilagyan mo ng knorr seasoning mix ulit ung pancakes mo?! hehehe. teka, heaven and eggs ba to? 
@klausbatb Oh and the Waterfordfest continues, according to last nites texting, Cecil is London bound within the next month 
@klavaute I can be a stealth crashed  go in there ninja style 
@klavoie morning kate! are you going to the race? let's hang 
@KLBarber blog post does give you the tools to create your QR Code, &amp; gives you a free vector file with which to create high-res version 
@KLBarber my pleasure. You may like to check my To-Do list   http://tinyurl.com/o8hrsw   #fellowcreative
@klbz Relax. You know this stuff cold. You got this! 
@klconover because that late I woke up and sleep twittered  awesome!
@KLEANTHEDREAM u can dm me and tell me if u want......and I'll tell ya y I asked 
@kleathers Hope you are OK longterm 
@kleathers Thanks! I'll make a note of that! 
@Klecun got my Hotel &amp; Hire Car sorted for the first week at Pepsi  Now  I can relax and look forward to it
@kledy I'm totally addicted to effing!  http://effing.cc
@kleine_hexe_de What, George Clooney you say? Like your photos too  Yes, boo to Mondays.
@kleinmeli I normally don't spam, but I feel like doing something like that today. I dunno, its kind of funny and I can laugh 
@KleptHoeManiac HAHAHAHAHA. That is why I love you!! 
@kleptones damn. i'd totally go, except for location. 
@KlevaG1 hahahhahahhah ya crackin me up 
@klgarlock Hooray! I want to get a bike sometime before summer starts too. Excited to start shopping. 
@klholsinger Well i still have my first car  haha  its a chevy... and I'm not sure about the rest of it.... 
@kliger i'm not sure that i can describe you the image that i'm thinking of. If you can find the domain i'll be happy  http://ff.im/3xocd
@klingensquiggle ah, the joys of living in the country 
@klingerfelt Shoulda known that would bring you out of hiding! Good  afternoon, pizza for lunch here!   http://twitpic.com/6r4iz
@KLL2 well you suck  i think julia disappeared off the face of the planet D:
@KLLY953 Thanks for playing #David Cook, &quot;Come Back to Me&quot; 
@klm757 ooh yay  tell me everything.
@KLOdotcom I just have to say THANK YOU to you. I need my daily Kellan fix. 
@kloeee now i mean about them seeing me. its pretty much exactly what i said to you 
@kloh Oh yeah, the street food is the best part! Especially the breakfast stuff. 
@klovering Take the day off from work - it's the safest thing to do. 
@klovesNkotb  She will be THRILLED...it's going to be AWESOME watching this concert through her eyes 
@klovesNkotb I need a favor...rather, NK Airplay does...lol I'ma DM you  
@klowey22 Don't bother...I got it...!  Just looked up your tweets...
@KlownDogg awwww.. its just dancing into my soul.. the WIND.. 
@KlownDogg haha, well we do sound amazing...  i actually love my accent. #blockHH
@KlownDogg hahah awwwww thank you again.. ;) yeah I can be very silly but also very true deep hearted.. I am just always being ME.. 
@KlownDogg thank you! debbie was a hard song to write but it was very healing 
@klrogers Oh, for a few easy monthly installments I can hook you up with one  I love my Mac Pro.
@klsargent Have you checked out @flybymusic? It's newer and local. 
@KLSoltis see, this is what morning looks like  safe travels!
@klstewart it was the first Star Trek movie (or tv show) that I'd seen too...I was pleasantly surprised to enjoy it! 
@kluless aw, thanks Kev.  
@kluless65 I found it in my telly fone.   
@kluless65 The Toad sent pic of flower ... all in a lovely bed of weeds.  *snickers* Couldn't help but admire the scenery!   LMAO
@klutch505 I'm quite happy, thank you! 
@Klutz315  Woa! so soon? I can't wait though, the sooner, the better 
@Klutz315 funny how some people start rumors just because u &amp; ashley are close but you know what i kinda admire your friendship w/ her.. 
@Klutz315 we'll keep it a secret 
@Klutz315 where are you getting all these quotes from? they're really nice 
@km89 thankies 
@kmac32 I hope they said they hired a great provider 
@kmacc1 Good to get them started while they're keen if you can 
@kmaco214 Making hot cocoa now because of you.(you're getting me back for that reeses thing last week are'nt you) 
@kmacp I am pretty sure you can get Kraft Dinner most places 
@kmallan I was born &amp; raised on the wrong side of the tracks. I am only 5'1' but life-trained in school of hard knocks.  tnx though!! ; )
@kman_19 aw check out what i JUST posted http://eveinbangkok.blogspot.com  i really admire your mom. she's a strong woman. god bless her
@kmargossian You're very welcome 
@kmatt Bet ï¿½25 on the match, if your bet loses, get ï¿½25 cashback  @ http://tiny.cc/manu
@kmax2j1e Love Blue Rodeo...Jealous! Totally had to look up what the Malkin Bowl was though 
@KMaysChilders for fun on Twitter, check out the &quot;trending topics&quot; on the home page...who can't use a robot pickup line now &amp; then? 
@kmbar  yep for like 3 weeks they bugged about it, so I finally did it and no one has mentioned it since lol
@kmbar omg why is that crazy?! 
@kmbmac get out!  Me too...on both counts.  Mine are Bryers 
@kmbuck hahaha noo silly! radiohead house of cards 
@kmcconaughy Doh! We haven't watched it yet! 
@kmcooley oh it's time doe me to get 1.6, I lost track. Heading there now. 
@kmcusick She's doing awesome, thanks for asking! 
In an hour i'm going to be sitting on my deck watching a midwestern sunrise  they give me hope
In and out of the dentist's office in record time: 35 minutes. No problems found; keep on doing what I'm doing. Happy. 
in anotha part of Galveston on my beach  sandy as hell...wtf yall doin...
In anticipation of Dare adventure camp 09 and HistoryMaker Camp 09 
in any case, i LOVED brokeback mountain.
in apple valley. watching a movie. 
in Aries with peter and luke 
In art class painting a Hannah Montana picture!! &lt;3 and hanging out with Leslie and Marlene! 
In art class with cliff and Sarah, talkinggggg woot 
In art class. Drawing is actually not that bad. 
in art doing nothing! this class is like an extra studyhalll, love it! hopefully TMS afterschool, and zoo tomorrow 
In Athlone buying chiprolls for lunch 
In Atlanta  took a long hot bath now I'm slowly geeting dolled up for my gf's sister's wedding day 
In ATLANTA now...... Kwiet Storm just got out of rehearsal for a show on Friday! About to go do what I do BEST.... &amp; chill with the FAM! 
in band right now. every class now is like a free period! 
In Bangkok!! Hot, humid and heaving with people in Khao san rd. Off to sort out Bus-ing up to Chiang Mai. VIP Class, woo! 
in Barcelona! Gaudi was amazing. It's really hot here, so we have to go to the beach today 
In bed after a good last saturday in ec. I'm gonna miss this place but can't wait til summer 
In bed after a long day. I'm tired and my back aches. I should sleep in a few. PS: I love my iPod as it is now 
In Bed And About To Get Up In A Hour Or To  -x-
In bed from a long night: SPYG's last meeting, Mad Hatter with leaders, West 50 for Jacek's birthday and then Tim's. Off to sleep 
in bed just bored on the computer.....cant believe i forgot my cell in his car! but had an awesome day! 
in bed just signing up to see what all the fuss is about...come say hi 
In bed now  tonight has been really really funny, best family ever !
in bed on my psp  . . .  6am wake up for work tomorrow
In bed starting to wake up and fixing to get ready for church. Excited about todays sermon. Using my new bible today. 
In bed still. Yawn. Work in 2 hrs. Going to have Noah's in bed with @dhdsracer 
In bed watching good ol' channel 4 programmes . . Friends . Will and grace 
in bed watching mr and mrs with a cup of tea waiting for roast dinner mmmmmm  mr schofield your a legend!
in bed watching Rove 
In bed with 2 girls 
in bed with a 103 degree fever, but feels absolutely perfect because he came 
in bed with her uggd on 
In bed with mommyt  Got 2 take that exam 2morrow so I couldn't function :-/
in bed with otto  mah penguin btw... not a male life form.
In bed with the hubby. My love  Watching Weeds then my girly movie and going ni-night early tonight.
in bed with the love of my life 
In bed wrecked after last night. Was good tho  x
In bed, watching Rainbow and Wind in the Willows on Youtube with Florence 
In bed. A cuppa. Tv on... All this while husband is cooking... Life is sweet... 
in bed.. mesmerizing on last night  had a great time &lt;33
In bed... Watching &quot;Living Single&quot; til i fall asleep. Hopefully i'll sleep all day. Nighty nite Twits and God Bless! 
in bedd, colddddd! smokin smokin smokin. im priii sure its 420 errywhere in the world right now 
in bio. haha played tennis in gym, it was fun. 
In BLR from 18th - 27th of this month. Last min trip, flight leaves in 3 hours, packing now 
In BOP cant wait till dancing  really in the mood.
In Brandon shootin pool with my ladies 
in BreckenridgeQ! GOing to the hot tub, then a movie 
in Burlington, NC! heading towards the coast in the morning  &lt;3
In case anyone's worried about my health--that last tweet was in response to a request from @nprnews asking what we'd send a final tweet. 
In case you all haven't notice I changed my Twitter name. To some RICowboy can mean something different than a guy from TX to RI 
In case you haven't already voted....  Thanks!!! http://bit.ly/3YN22
in case you missed it on my fb status: looking for maui hotel recommendations. yes, maui! 
in case you're wondering, Rachel Alexandra is a horse 
in Casey's house waiting for her to finish shooting her debut video! 
In cedar point with the group 
In center parcs chilling 
In character: You would have to kill me first before I would do that or dress that way  â™« http://blip.fm/~7egy7
In chem. Matt today, mall tomorrow, and heathers stuff everywhere in between. Busy busy busy 
in chemistry bored ..... cant believe dublin might be sold out!! 
In Chicago June 15th - Looking for some freelance work - Some of my stuff... again   http://bit.ly/18lKjs
In church  got my new tire. Now my ride is pimpin!!! No more donut!
In church, then doing Journalism with MANDA. 
in class : x This Macroeconomics is way to hard but I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength 
In class haha 
in class in London before 'field trip' to nearby pub! 
in class, working on ma portfolio...it's lookin mad nice so far 
In class... Trying to get meaningful statistics out of crap research... 
In class.... Please go by quickly 
In CoffeeShop contemplating the outcome, if I were to pop a kids BALLoOn 
in colorado with family = beautiful mountains and non-stop arguing. just finished wild at heart though 
In Colorado! Looking for a starbucks. I think Grand Junction has one 
in com-tech class making a movie trailer 
In creative writing... Had two sausages for breakfast 
in crs, waiting to present my Beatles project  Two hours until Lunch!!
in da city today..follow me 
In Da Process Of Makin A Hit....Ya'll Might Get A Sample 
In da telly..kusked out..barely..lol..eatin a &quot;double decker&quot;...lookin @ the discover Channel...watchin male/female lions....&quot;GET IT IN&quot; 
In Dallas. ps. Happy bday @__darling! I hope that's the right username 
In Des Moines today for my cousin's Graduation! 
In Detroit game 2 GO Pens Go!!! Loving watching crosby 
In detroit headed to toronto! Again! 
In district meeting. Have Jason Mraz ' I'm Yours' playing in my head. Makes this boring meeting seem oddly pleasant 
In english class. Teacher told us to do whatever we want 
in english,, with josshhyyyy 
in english. wahooo. twitter is keeping me alive 
In Evanston for the afternoon with the wife 
In every mystery, there's a truth 
In exactly 24 hours I will be seeing the girl at Kansas City International Airport... I'm very excited!! 
In exactly one year at this time I will be being kissed as Mrs. McDevitt for the first time. 
in exactly three weeks time, we will be sitting in ANZ stadium watching grinspoon play, getting psyched up for kick-off 
in fact EVERYONE LISTEN!! http://bit.ly/syknV  &lt;&lt; GO TO THIS LINK. LET VIDEO LOAD. WATCH. LOVE. GO BUY 
in fact mustn't mistake grapes for boyfriend not horse 
IN FACT MY FAVORITE ARE THE JONAS BROTHERS !!! they're my life  â™¥
In fact, all positions are important. Without either, it means nothing 
In fairness. He smells good. 
In Field Service this morning nice day a bit warm should have put a short sleeve shirt 
in Fiji, Paradise on earth, no where else the same 
In fits of laughter over our trip to the card factory today!!!    
In Florida getting a sun tan on an actual BEACH! call or text me i am not really doing much but sitting here listening to the waves 
In follow up to my last tweet ... suicide is looking pretty appealing right now 
in form now leaving for religon 
In form today  only tired of school
In formclass. Walking with your head down makes you get unoticed (: today i am changing for good like or not i dont give a fuck 
in France tmrw 
In Frankfurt, waiting for boarding to SFO, everything on plan so far 
Is this how the madness starts? HK schoolgirls get schooled on LV (museum exhibit, really  ) http://twitpic.com/6g90q
Is this misuse of a valuable National Treasure? If so... sorry Mr Fry. Forgive my Twittery sins 
Is this New Moon Chapter 22 page 94?  http://twitpic.com/69ex9
Is this not the greenest grass you've ever seen? Lovely day to chill in my garden  http://twitpic.com/3iumu
Is this philosophical Monday? 
is this really &quot;summer&quot;?? I vote for warmer weather!! Thank you Lord that it didn't snow though... 
Is this world really ever going to Survive &quot;The Recession&quot; 
is THRILLED about finding most of the anime conventions I attend I Tweet!! 
is thrilled Jade has just discovered Twitter on mobile 
is thrilled prom went well 
is thrilled to be in Spokane. 
is thrilled!  It's the weekend now!!  And off I go! http://plurk.com/p/yq46t
is thx GOD  http://plurk.com/p/x831s
Is tidying the house and watching King of Queens for the first time in years! 
Is time for a little carbs and big cup of water. And sleep next to my 5 year old son. Goodnite all 
Is time to Sleep .. XoXo! 
Is tired  had a great time at Lindsay's bridal shower, P90X tomorrow!
is tired ! is having an awesome and busy weekend so far  &lt;3
just got back from GRAD BASH! it was a lot of fun! 
just got back from GRAD NITE!!!! woohoo! it was down!  bought a couple of things and had a lot of fun! gunna watch fresh prince then zzZzz
just got back from greenlake.  it was such a nice day today! 
Just got back from grocery shopping at 11PM.  Not sure if it was worth it or not. 
just got back from GROUNDSWELL...so tired but great night for the kiddies 
Just got back from hanging out with Caroline and Reinaaaa 
just got back from hanging out with old friends. Hope everyone had as much fun as i did tonight! 
just got back from Hayden! Now time to rest 
Just got back from her romantic date with @TheBigBrownWolf!! 
Just got back from high street!  Loved this day.
Just got back from i bike ride...my first on the bike i traded jordan for.  i love it! Cake boss is on now.
Just got back from Indiana me,mom,and bro r coin to eat at ihop. Raining hard 
just got back from interviewed VIERRA.they nice! nuff said 
Just got back from Kyle and Tina's Wedding.  It was SUPER fun!!  
Just got back from LAKE CONCORIDA  Hhaha, and i'm going take a shower to go to refuge 
Just got back from Lenox Mall in ATL!!! hanging out with @teenfun101, @brittkneeg, and love my life @chelsey_taylor 
Just got back from Lexi's party ! Fun,fun,fun. Happy Birthday Haley ! 
just got back from Lipa. looove my new haircut! 
Just got back from lunch and shopping at Victoria's Secret, 
just got back from lunch... it's lonley here 
just got back from MAD @ nev's. i really like monday's evenings 
just got back from makati med after 3 hours. rushed to er, dextrosed and bought medicines on my walk home. did it all alone. confident! 
Just got back from Maracus, bake and shark went down great 
Just got back from Marwell Zoo, a nice day out but I'm glad to be back. My feet ache a bit now 
Is tired and excited to go to bed 
is tired and in bed nice and toasty thanks to my new heater 
is tired as Hell.....time to count sheep....oh yeah....is trying to figure out how to use his new/used SLR camera 
Is tired at a good time of the night! That's a good thing! 
Is tired been hangin at the folks house n ragland all day 
is tired of stuff. working 12-4 then out with sammy 
Is tired, flying to lanzo tommorrow. 
just got back from meeting nr 1 with the bank, Friday meeting nr 2 
Just got back from Michelle's birthday dinner at BJ's. Strawberry Daiquiris,  Margaritas, Pomegranate Martinis &amp; a big, black penis cake 
Just got back from Milwaukee, went to a Brewers game, there was like 65 of us, went down on a bus and tailgated all day, lotts of fun!!! 
just got back from mira loma and ckm's graduation! 
just got back from mom 
just got back from muddin....yeah....mm...THAT WAS AMAZING! loved it to the max!  got to go again guys
Just got back from my bike ride. We r about to go swimming. We have A LOT of things to do ths summer on our bikes! 
just got back from my date 
Just got back from My exam  Now time for sunbathing ;) x
Just got back from my first 4th Ed. D&amp;D game. I like it. The system is smoooth. 
Just got back from my friends' band practice.  Had super lots of fun 
just got back from my game. we won!!!! 
Just got back from my grand daughter's 2nd birthday - I survived  Boy was she cute. Time for work now!
just got back from my Grandma's house, going on youtube now then watching TV 
Just got back from my rooftop pool with rachel...dipped n the hot tub...started raining--WACK! Now were playing raving rabbids on wii 
Just got back from my yearly skin cancer check... I am all good  Always worries me, grandma had skin cancer
just got back from olympia's graduation. feet are exhausted   congrats Erin Bell &lt;3
just got back from Omar's party 
just got back from orlando..so much fun! 
just got back from pearly shoreys/fish and chips. josh is down 
Just got back from Pennsylvania! Had the best weekend of my life 
Just got back from PENTECOST! I PRAISE GOD i remembered the scripture  and didn't freak! THANK YOU GOD!!! 
just got back from Pi Phi formal!!! Pure Amazingness!!! 
Is Tired, Wish i could have been at the JONAS BROTHERS show in London  Had my GCSE Exam :\
is tired. And turning off the Internet. You can play on it in the morning. 
is tired. Gonna have some donuts for breakfast. 
is tired. still feelin bad. cant sleep til the teenager gets home.  tk  
Is tired. Very. At eric's helping him move his mattress to his new humble abode. 
Is tired... but has cookies, thanks liz 
is tired.Leaving really early to stand in the rain&lt;3 
is today malware day or something?   I have dealt with 5 PC's now with this crud.   Argh..  I must be in hell.  
is tomorrow shall be better I suppose 
is too excited for school, is too excited for Balanga. 
is too warm...But likes getting emails from friends she's not spoke to in a while 
Is topping up her tan 
is torrenting House on the iMac and revising two's complement and sign magnitude with the assistance of the Macbook 
is totally diggin' our june cover -- i think you will too 
is totally exalted after testing a bit of #wolfram alpha. wow! even though it does not know much about us  nice sunday to everybody.
Just got back from prom. That was one amazing night of full-on dancing!  As Cole says, &quot;You definitely won craziest dancer award!&quot; ;)
just got back from punting  shower and out.
Just got back from riding a bike with sean by the beach and ate a piece of pizza...gay but loved it 
Just got back from River Watch and the water cleaning system which was just naasty!! TGIF excited for tonight  xxo
just got back from running. feeling so relaxed. 
Just got back from running. I feel Good. Its been a Good day so far. Waiting to see what tomorrow holds.  &lt;.:|.CandyKay.|:.&gt;
Just got back from Runyon Canyon - niceeeeeee view, handsome men, cute dogs, oh yeah, and good workout 
Just got back from sailing, was so good but  tiring 
just got back from San Antonio,, best place to have a &quot;lonchecito&quot; haha peruvians get me right? 
Just got back from Sara's and Monsters vs. Aliens. I heart you B.O.B.!!! Can I be your jelly?? (translation to Americans: Jelly... LMAO 
Just got back from school, another cruisy day. Wouldn't mind a good nap, but I have to go to work. Come and visit me 
just got back from school. we skipped the last class 
Just got back from Seattle.   Lots of crowds. Nordstrom was nuts. But Taphouse Grill was practically empty. Found hardcover of Mad Love!
just got back from seeing 17 again, and it was awesome!!! 
just got back from seeing Anarbor. AMAZING!! I got a pic with slade 
just got back from seeing Terminator 
Just got back from seeing the movie &quot;UP&quot; at El Capitan - the kids loved it (one in his 3d glasses, one in her hot-tub).  So did we!  
Just got back from seeing The Night At The Museum 2 for the second time...  CHERUBS!!!
just got back from seeing the play... again. so proud of seth 
just got back from seeing Up, LOVED IT!  definitely buying when it comes out!!!    ::: daydreaming about working for pixar ::::
is totally not sleeping at home tonight.. 
Is totally prescribingtm the 'dr' john hocks remedy to any physical ailment = drink more 
is totally relieved!!  and sooo over the moon for Ian and Kirstie on their gorgeous baby girl! 
Is touched he remembered and rang  That'll teach me for always thinking the worst!
is training the new trainees 
is traslating mails, BUT I'M SO BAD!!! Thanks God to create Wordreference 
Is truly amazed and humbled in all God has done, is doing, and will do 
is truly blessed. 
is tryin 2 working out how to use this twitter thing! lol slowly but surely gettin there! 
is tryin to be happy 
is tryin to figure this out ! 
is trying not to get bored with this twitter lark .. but think i am failing miserably 
is trying out the Plurk to Twitter function.  http://plurk.com/p/z5pld
is trying Ping.fm 
is trying to be STRONG ! 
is trying to figue out twitter. 
is trying to figure out iChat? haha 
just got back from Senior awards night, got two scholarships 
just got back from shopping for new shoes! hahaha downstairs watching tv. 
just got back from shopping in poulsbo, now resting until I meet Chad at 8 for the Hangover 
Just got back from shopping with tina  now just hanging around the house for the night
Just got back from shopping.  I love shopping!!! 
just got back from skool  yay i drew a pisture of you  sxc thing
Just got back from Starbucks. Grande Mocha Frapuccino. Delicious. 
just got back from starbucks.. tried the tea with lemonade very good  miss gg already. 1st one!
just got back from swimming again, it's a beautiful day! i now realize good days dont just happen, you have to make it a good day! 
just got back from swimming! I had a wonderful time at the pool/b-day party 
Just got back from swimming. Goin' to bed now, night guys. 
just got back from tahoe what a good weekend 
Just got back from Tasmania - had an awesome time 
Just got back from Terminator it was really good. and i got Sims 3 yesssss 
Just got back from the 7SF concert. It was amazing!  I'm totally going to see them again in Jacksonville at the end of June. 
Just got back from the batting cages and driving range with Jas  getting ready to watch the wings soon!
just got back from the beach again lol             
just got back from the beach. Great day  I love it!
just got back from the beach. love being home 
just got back from the beach.. all burned up.. 
just got back from the beach... really crowded... was nice though   finished revision now... just got two exams then can relax... yay!! 
is trying to figure out this twitter thingo....... 
is trying to figure out what her horoscope means...Hmm... 
is trying to find her friends on twitter! 
is trying to find new friends on here!! 
is trying to find something to do today, and can't wait until tonight 
Is trying to get her round using twitter - a twitter virgin 
Is trying to get ready to have breakfast with Nick's friends in Brooklyn.  Good weather for a wedding in New Jersey 
is trying to learn to maneuver her avatar around Second Life without drowning herself or running into walls. 
just got back from the booty show 
just got back from the church..hmmm,checking my mails...got an email from my honey,hehe 
Just got back from the cinema! WHAT AN AMAZING MOVIE!!  Absolutly amazing, it's made me love them boys even more, I can not stop saying
just got back from the computer. It's been a long day. Tagaytay's over. it's so fun there. soo gnda ng view! 
Just got back from the dance! Kris Allen's version is so much bettter than Adam Glambert's version....It just makes me so mad!! HA1 
Just got back from the Dentist.. 
just got back from the doctor and she said it could be a virus i have and that i need to keep hydrated. at least i know what it is now! 
Just got back from the dog park. Some jerk's dogs kept going after Koa and he didn't care. So... The &quot;Jersey&quot; in me came out 
Just got back from the Everyday Sunday concert! Nick's the best. 
Just got back from the Firing Range. Ate me a sammich... Now I'm Chillin waiting for the Pool and New Family Guy! 
just got back from the fish fry  really really really tired
Just got back from the game. Boys Mt. Hope Lacrosse DII, 09' Champions ?? DAMN  Bio and creative writing, then MTV awards.
just got back from the hole that is canberra. nah, its got some interesting sites. good trip. 
Just got back from the karaoke bar in the metreon!!! Watching millionaire matchmaker 
is trying to sing the @JonasBrothers ' song for an event , Lovebuuuggg  wowow wish me luck peeps!
Is trying to stay up with crystal 
Is trying to study some english  I'm not quite sure wether I understand english or not.
Is trying to think of more ideas so i can add it to the Brooklyn &amp; Radha Clutter Blob!   !
is trying to work my tv :@...and going cinema later to watch the hangover 
is trying to.... find Spencer Pratt's twitter!!! 
is tuning in to hip-hop radio show, Vinyl Vybz, at www.playvybz.com from 6-8pm CST and thinks you should do the same. 
is tuxedo shopping. 
is tweaking her plurk profile.  http://plurk.com/p/11634a
is tweet tweet. I'm back! 
is tweeting for the first time 
Is tweeting from mommys mobile ! 
Is twitter getting spammy? Third time I have deleted 'Your Horny Kitty' 
Is twitterific .... I have friends now 
Just got back from the mall...Bought two shirts! 
just got back from the most boring orchestra event of the year....me and my quartet ROCKED it 
just got back from the most productive vintage shopping spree ever! I love knowing this city inside out 
just got back from the movies!!  saw Up!        sooo funny
Just got back from the movies, Wolverine was better then I expected! 
just got back from the nail shop...gotta keep the swag on point! 
just got back from the pedal party  fun times
Just got back from The Playground at Kemang: heaven for kids! Had a great time, nice weather too 
just got back from the pool  dinner with the family soon.
Just got back from the run.. ran some good miles 
just got back from the store. not quite time to go to the cookout so tweetingg! 
Just got back from the studio at 1:30am great day. Robin Dimaggio is the best producer ever you guys will love Debby's song. 
just got back from the summer set show! I HAVE theee BEST PHOTOS &lt;33 stephen is gonna put one as his default 
just got back from the wing wah in burton for a party and shopping 
Just got back from the World Language Awards Night 
just got back from the zoo. penguins smell gross 
just got back from town 
Just got back from town ;) Bought a few DVDs  Finally got a job application form....just hoping I get the job now though haha
Just got back from town what a beautiful &amp; busy day.  x
just got back from tranning  now to the shower. !! XD
just got back from two days on the road....but im as happy as can be!!! 
Just got back from walking around with savanna! 
Just got back from walking the dog, now time to go over some history again. 
just got back from walking the doggies 
Just got back from watching Angels &amp; Demons... after 3 weeks of waiting. Finally!! 
Just got back from watching The Hangover 
Just got back from work  i have to say if i never do that shift again i wouldnt be too upset there were way too many kids!
Just got back from work, OT na naman. What's new? 
just got back from working the Wikimedia booth at Maker Faire..long but fun day. 
Just got back from World's of Fun...good times!!! 
Just got back from X-Men... I have opinions about that movie, but I'm going to go out on a limb and say none of you care 
just got back from Zurah's place. i had a lot of FUN!  the girls are awesome!
Just got back home . Played football  .
just got back home after spending the whole day with chesca 
just got back home from dropping off the girl. night everyone, 420 ON MONDAY!!!!!! 
Just got back home from school 
just got back home from the groceries with my mom 
just got back home, gotta take my doggy for a walk 
Just got back home, my trip was delayed mhmmm.. I'm online on multiply and facebook! 
just got back home... finally :X now i just wanna take a shower and maybe read something 
just got back inside from playing on the trampoline  Now i'm so tired!!
Just got back inside from the pool, lovin the weather today 
Just got back now.  Storm were also there waiting for their baggage, so there were lots of excited fans getting in the way...
just got back on, reply, reply, reply .. 
Just got back on.  ITS TIME FOR MARLEY AND ME DOWNLOAD UNPAUSED!
is twittering her favourite celebs 
is twittering with her neice on her lap! Jadzia says hi to all in the world of twitter!! vvrh &lt;--- That was her 
is twitting 
is twitting! 
is two seconds away from sleeping in class. Okay, gone, slept 
Is uber excited for a secret party for a secret Winchester girl... 
is uber stoked that Hayley and Megan are bringing him sonic all the way from Maryville!   THANKS GUYS!
is unable to sleep, hmmm what is up with that?! 
is unable to walk at the moment due to incessant lunges during circuit training last night. work today, mary kay party later. 
is uninstallng norton from his dad's laptop 
is unsure of how much to bid on for products, but is hoping i have enough  gotta earn more
is up &amp; and gonna do something random &amp; different to set this day apart from previous 1s 
is up and about cleaned the place! now going to work on my papers again which i am going to finish today! 
is up and about to start my day, so see you all later! 
is up and at 'em this morning... feeling great and gonna make this a great day 
Is Up and At'em Ready to Get this $$$! I am So Inspired by My Friends and Family! I learn from everyone around Me 
is up and breathing. Alive to see another beautiful day. Feeling very blessed today 
just got back to the hotel from Teri's wedding reception. This has been a wonderful trip so far. 
Just got back to Veteran from Surakarta. Will be heading to Pekalongan first thing in the morning tomorrow... 
Just got back, and am about to continue buildingness in my room 
Just got back, and now having gummy worms 
Just got back. 
just got back. :] Fashion week later.  yay! )
Just got back. Bought some comics. 
just got bak from the mall going to go bak to the beach at around 7:30 or 8:00 
just got bk, eating hashbrowns 
Just got booked for the Midpoint Music Festival in Cincinnati 
Just got called &quot;beautiful&quot; aww 
Just got called a sexy mother fucker by a drunk girl, I love confidence boosts 
Just got contacts. 
Just got cut from work an hour early. H8 my life. Everything sucks. Bitch bitch moan moan. 
Just got da new sidekick lx today. I'm using it right now yayy! Also on da phone wit Deryl. 
is up and drinking his first cup of coffee this morning!  Happy Sunday everyone!  
is up and feeling sick :S yay! 
is up and getting ready for another day at school 
is up and getting ready for his last Tuesday in college 
is up and going clothes shopping later at last some new clothes 
Is up and gonna be getting ready for my training day. Pray for me, im so nervous and i really want this job.  .. ... http://bit.ly/HvIDU
Is up and off to get in the shower. Hope everything runs smoothly today 
is up and ready 
is up and ready for churchh 
is up and ready to go shopping... I LOVE TO SHOP! 
is up and ready to start making cakes! must be mad 
is up at 2am cleaning..... why?  coz there are no children in the way.  I'll sleep when I'm dead 
Is up bright and early, by the end of the day I'm hoping to be fluent in franï¿½ais 
is up bumping jayz on repeat. Death of autotune ya heard! Brooklyn we go hard! Ha ha just had my yankee moment 
is up earlier than she expected... oh well.  Kidlets and Gabe are still asleep so I am enjoying MY show on tv.  
is up earlier then if she was going to work... But it's ok cause it's going to be a fun day being a tour guide 
is up early and taking advantage of the quiet to do some writing! 
Is up early because of new business idea's. Bonus because the Madrid Master's Tennis Finals are at 7:00a  gonna be a good day! NBA 2
is up early in the a.m. praying to God!!! Its time to walk down a meaningful path 
Just got dome watching the SPRING GALLA! 
just got done  babysitting. off to bed i go. 
Just got done at the gym and lunch. Quick power nap then work work work 
just got done at the gym feels quite amazinnng 
Just got done auditing my acting class. It was fun. And I jumped in and acted with everyone else  it was really good.
Just Got Done Cleaning Out My Closet 
just got done cleaning. all thats left: make bed and a few small things! 
Just got done compiling a list of all the DFW strip clubs FOR WORK. I love this gig sometimes. 
just got done doing makeup/face painting for The Jungle Book  yay! oh-oh-oh...HollyW00d tomorrow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just got done doing the mini buffalo ranch chicken sandwich dance from Jack in the Box with Kinsey... I did it better, I win! 
Just got done doing Yoga.&lt;33 
just got done eatin breakfast &amp; i'm feelin great! week one was a success so i'm keepin it movin bitches!!! 
Just got done eating &amp; blending the leftovers for the weewees. Don't worry we eat healthy  Still in pain, but I'll survive 4 work 2morrow
Just got done eating dinner, nice big healthy salad  #delicious
just got done eating Los Bravos with @yadnum87!  now for a low key night at the apt... 
Just got done eating some cereal...think it time to call it the night! 
Just got done eating some gooood food! yum 
just got done eating. and got home from 1st fridays ate some hot pockets and now is home chilling wit my mom and fam. feeling blessed 
just got done editing pix from yesterday's #gbtu. Will post them tomorrow night and send out a link! 
Just got done finger painting with caitlin 
Just got done firepitting 
Just got done flat ironing my hair, it looks good.  
just got done getting ready. didn't take a shower. i smell. ahhah. jkjk. 
Just got done getting ready. ZOMG, ignorance is an amazing song.  I listened to it about 100 times already haha.
Just got done getting some work done.. now a nice movie on demand then midnight conference call w/ @pictureatlantic. 
is up early on a gloomy day like this! Ugh need to go out to the bank! Then going to spend the day watching Sex and Th City Box Set 
is up early to go to the lake.  She is also hopeful in finding waterfalls later on. Her uncle said it would ... http://plurk.com/p/x9uhu
is up entirely too early after a late night of Magic -vs Lakers. Still proud and still believing! Outstanding season fellas! 
is up for church and is getting all his brothers up with loud music 
is up for lots of revision today and then out toniight 
Is up late @ night figuring how this thing works ... Aye Yay yay ! 
is up north with kyle till tomorrow  sun burnt.
is up past her bedtime (I'm old....) and has such a long day tomorrow! Good night. 
is up way too early but is feeling positive... Thanks for being my work out motivator, Carol! 
is up way too early!!! but on my to the airport and back to new york! 
is up youtubing videos due to imsomnia! I need w/ this but, I might as well enjoy it since I will be working soon! 
Is up! Time for breakfast, grocery shopping and start packing for the big move 
is up!!  
is up, just farmed my farm town, well i got 5 people todo it for me im lazy, upgraded it to 18 x 18 XD its HUDGE, with dad today  chow
is up, slightly later than planned... gunna get this essay done 2day!! 
is up.  Aneih's board exams today and tomorrow, please join us in prayers. ) Happy Rainy Saturday! (dance)... http://plurk.com/p/yr6lj
Just got done grocery shopping for the week. All healthy foods ftw! A new lifestyle change starts tomorrow 
Just got done having a fabulous conversation with jess. Now i am going to bed. 
Just got done mowing. waiting for my MONEYYY then gettin food n movies!!  word son.
just got done mulching for the day. chillen. grad party with muh boo later 
just got done painting at the new house whoo it was hard work but it was fun, paint splattered i need a bath 
Just got done painting Shea-bugs nails! She is just too cute 
Just got done playin an intense game of basketball. I won! Lol. Now watchin I-carly.  hope everyone had a great day!   Kay~Kay &lt;3
Just got done playing #tennis for 2 hours with a friend. Boy is it good to #exercize at night in Arizona when it's only 95 degrees. 
just got done playing a show! stoked on how it went. 
Just got done playing miniature golf!!! So fun!! I won!!! 
Just got done playing volleyball at da beach now bout to fade hamberger..ooo yeah 
Just got done posting the new fav pic of Rachel.... she is so rotten but so cute 
Just got done putting new locks on my doors. This week I became a plumber and a locksmith  niew off to hang some towel hooks
Just got done recording a track for my mixtape with @ToddtheEngineer got a 16 for @listentoivan to jump on! 
Just got done replying to comments/messages on YouTube  I hope got everyone 
Just got done riding some jet skis 
just got done running 7 miles in an hour shower time then work errands class later on 
Just got done running with feefs, spending the rest of the night with aaron 
Just got done seeing night at the museum 2 with the best friend in the WORLD!  good mood. Schools out  love this girl &lt;3
just got done sending a thank you email to Austin Kincaid! I will miss her since shes retired! Ahhh I still have my all time favorite jd 
Just got done shoping at Cool Springs. Didn't buy anything, but it's all good. Going to get bubble tea.  
Just got done shoppin...I finally have some clothes! (ian and my mama spoiled me  )
Just got done swiming. Going taning now.  
is up. moooooorning!  http://plurk.com/p/su3dg
is up-and-atem  church family here I come.
is updating her blog in livejournal  wow! )
is updating her Last.fm profile  &gt; http://twurl.nl/dcskj2 &lt;  
is updating her plurk  http://plurk.com/p/t94je
is updating her plurk. 
is updating her twitter for char. 
is updating iBlog  http://plurk.com/p/x7isx
Is updating status via iTouch 
is updating you live from her iPod Touch 
is uploading Anniversary pictures. Brb! 
is uploading graduation pics and the short but sweet video of me walking across the stage. 
is uploading her new pics onto her myspace lol... i havent used myspace in sooo long lol, got to try and get used to it again  â™¥
is uploading new icon sets on multiply.com! 
is uploading pictures in her Flickr account 
is urgh Mondays haha thank god i start at 10 this morning 
is using her 100th twitter post to wish everyone a very good long weekend! enjoy!!! 
is using her mom's laptop.  so i can plurk and watch tv at the same time. ) yeahy.(applause) http://plurk.com/p/rjtwl
is using pristine Neve EQs and Compressors, Urei Eqs, Gml comps, SSL 5.1 comp and Lexicon 960 reverb for his mix ... 
just got done swimming and now i am going on myspace 
just got done swimming with hannah, now we're watching movies! 
just got done swimming.. now gonna go to sleep. 
Just got done taking a nap after skimming, boogiebording and surfing.  have the surf board til the end of the week
Just got done taking pictures with Kaly! It was so much fun and I can't wait to see them! 
Just got done tanning in my garage with my new tanning, I think I am in love 
Just got done tanning its so nice out 
Just got done w my show! On the way to dinner then to the &quot;sneaker pimps&quot; event w @queenvee1 &amp; dj clark kent! 
Just got done walking hazze 3 hours..going tanning! 
Just got done walking the dogs, now a little R&amp;R time 
just got done washing dishes not too long ago 
just got done washing the cleaning van with the kids....got sprayed in the face by our youngest 
Just got done watching &quot;drag me to hell&quot; now watching &quot;the hangover&quot; wit @itsaldo at the drive-in 
Just got done watching @bisante on Stickam, nowwwwwww I'm gonna clean my room 
Just got done watching 17 Again. It was really REALLY good 
Just got done watching 'Australia' THAT is a really long movie, and at first very confusing, but it turned out to be really good 
Just got done watching Eagle Eye in Spanish. Headed to work now. 
just got done watching eddie murphy delirious ..... funny shit  now off to bed. take care all
just got done watching HAARP for like the 5th time now. amazing dvd. 
Just got done watching He's Just Not That Into You...I liked it. Not my favorite chick flick but I'd watch it again. 
Just got done watching The Hangover. Pretty hilarious. Now waiting to get a table at Cheesecake Factory. 
Just got done watching The Stript kick ass 
Just got done watching Twilight again. 
Just got done watching UP with @jesrick and @theloyalrebel... pretty sweet movie. PIXAR never let's me down 
just got done wit soccer! on my way home 2 get ready 4 my skul concert  -xoxo-
just got done with a cat scan.  pretty neat moving slowing back and forth and getting told to hold your breathe..
is using twitter-mobile now. iphone ftw! 
is utterly and absolutely disgusted. So I took pictures 
is utterly happy.  [but -really- cannot wait for tomorrow morning!]
is vaccinated against the flu! 
Is very aware that now ben has resigned, none of his friends have twitter therefore updating Noone on his day-to-day progress...I'm fine 
is VERY drunkk.  xoxo 
is very excited 
is very excited about going to melbourne with kim jack and matt this thurs 
is very excited about the Mobile Web 2.0 Summit!!!! 
is very excited for sushi. You can't join unless you're in a costume or a wacky outfit. I'm dressing up as a schoolgirl!   #fb
is very exhausted this morning....one more day until paradise! 
is very full and happy right now 
is very glad that her boyfriend didn't get sucked up by a tornado last night... hopefully going to the beach with her lovely sister today 
is very happily hungover. thank you everyone who made it possible 
is very happy  lol ?? 
Is Very Happy Atm 
is VERY happy this morning  
is very happy to be 25, even if he does feel a little more urgency for life to progress.  
is very hopeful...she thinks she found coveralls for her outfit. 
is very much looking forward to this weekend....fingers crossed it goes AWESOME 
Just got done with a photoshoot with @taraparrales and @jennybaquing. 
Just got done with an awesome meeting with a future JV partnership! Exciting stuff! 
Just got done with honors... Today was interesting 
Just got done with lunch, now back at work.  Joy Joy 
Just got done with my chores..I am so tired but I am off to the gym.... Pool party after 
Just got done with my religion final 
just got done working out and if feels really good... i think im going to like kickboxing... now i need to shower... ttyl. bye for now 
just got done working out!! and i feel much better!! 
Just got done working out.  Severe t-storms tonight so I couldn't go walk. Did intense cardio/strength workout that kicked my ass instead 
just got done working out. Have to get in shape for TX and NM! 
just got done working out...out to eat with Kate 
Just got donw eating at Cracker Barrel &amp; is now heading to the demo derby with the family. 
Just got down folding laundry! Watch out I'm having to much fun 
Just got dragged to hell but dragged back out just to go see a museum. 
just got Fingersmith in the mail from Netflix. Can't wait to watch it. Love Sara Water's novels. BBC movies are racy. 
Just got finished eating fresh Louisiana crawfish...yum! 
Just got followed by belgian band @staircase ; the drummer looks A LOT like Evan Van Lissum (Hotei111) from The Parking Lot, no? 
Just got from home from Church.. And i feel enlightened.. 
just got frozen yogurt!!!  yummy
Just got given some gorjus apricot lilies 
just got good news! dear summer, you need to come.. NOW. 
is very much not looking forward to staying up all hours tonight doing a history paper on things that i just don't care about 
is very pleased with my bluefly buys.  So etoupe or red???
is very pleased with the financial aid Augie gave her 
is VERY pleased... WE HAVE SUNSHINE!!!!! 
is very proud of her friend @veronique_lal for such a awesome gig last night! you rock girl!! 
is very shocked and feeling sick... but happy all the same 
is very tired and so she is going to bed.  
Is very tired but church here i come! 
Is very tired from walking to Joinville, and lifeguarding for 3 sessions.  Life is good.
is very up early this morning. the sun is up and there is a beautiful day ahead 
Just got great feedback on a negotiation - nice discount now in place for future outsourced development -- needed this break 
Just got GREAT news from our new spanish market 
just got hairr done , perfecdt for our beautiffull weatherr . 
Just got her  quiz raised 20 points. way for arguing. i guess my teacher was having a less evil day 
just got his 3rd 1st of his 2nd Yr. 
just got his wife a really nice massage today @ massage-in-vancouver.com . Excellent mother's day present! 
just got hit in the face with exhaustion. /yawn. Taking little sis shopping and to see Up tomorrow!!!  Goodnight. #fb
just got home   || music &amp;&amp; relaxing  get at me;
Just got home  from a meeting! Exciting things r a sizzling lolz   haha sizzles!
just got home  had an awesome time today &lt;3
Just got home  i'm so sleepy, but i gotta get ready to go to the Wizard Of Oz tonight in Brook 
just got home . two malls in a day , what a sunday 
just got home after a fun night out!!  good night!!!!
just got home after a relaxing day at Chi Spa   
Just got home after the most amazing night ever! Prom with my lovely date Charissa! Had a wonderful night that I will never forget!  &lt;3
just got home an hour ago  i can't wait to slllleeeeep! lot and lots of photos soon 
just got home and ate yummy pasta 
just got home and effin tired  congrats to all the friends who graduated  kaplan college and also arvin high! 
just got home and fed torties with water cress. Such peaceful creatures. 
just got home and had  a really fun night 
just got home and have a million things runnin through my mind. Congratulations to Kyle for graduating tonight! 
Just got home and I think I'm gonna go to bed.  Wanted to check in and say Hi 
just got home and just finished my chipotle, yummm 
just got home and my kitty was by my door waiting for me 
Just got home and Titanic is on! This day rocks!! 
just got home and took a 10 min cat nap ;)  will be leaving for @rabiagarib  at 4  
just got home and trying to get into bed before the sun comes up! amazingly fun night with such great wonderful friends..nite nite 
just got home came from spending time with my baby and having some great s** 
Just got home findin plans for tonight  any ideas??
just got home frm the laundrymat.. Man its so hard wen ur washer is broken.. Haha..  im so tired! Whew! Working again 2mrw.. Nite nite..
just got home from #barcampla. but y'know what, it's 110% worth it after hearing from people how awesome today was. exhausted, but happy 
Just got home from &quot;Up&quot; day at the Studios which was fantastic and then went and saw &quot;Up&quot; with the gang! Loved it! What a great day. 
just got home from a beastie wedding reception. open bar. dj@roparrish on deck... intense. uploading pix. back to the H in tomorrow 
Just got home from a day with the in-laws.. Its was a grand ol' time. 
Just got home from a day with the kids! 
Just got home from a dinner party. 
Just got home from a drink at Chilis with Kim.  Momma vent time 
Just got home from a fabulous wedding! Thank u @briankhang apparently we both shoot with our right eye. 
just got home from a fun dinner with the girls! time for bed and a book 
Just got home from a grt run/walk in park w/ my dog, + just logged in my workout in WOWY (#BeachBody's online Super Gym!) TGIF. 
Just got home from a long sunday. Its peaceful in my room with 10 pillows around me.  Time to get puff up this month.
just got home from a meeting with the girls... Maaaaaan I'm exhausted!! Goodnight world 
just got home from a mini-&quot;YAY&quot; lunch cos 2 days ago i found out i passed nclex   must know how to cook buff chicken soon
just got home from a modeling shoot. im tired and beat now eating salad 
just got home from a partyyyy. had a good time. can't wait for my birthday in 7 days! 
Just got home from a quick game of badminton. Enjoying a cup of mango juice before prepping dinner. 
just got home from a quickie first date. nice guy, funny, sweet. not super hot but definitely a cuteness factor. a possible 2nd date too. 
just got home from a really fun noise barrage! honk honk! 
just got home from a refreshing dinner at segafredo lincoln rd.  needed that simple time out.
just got home from a super night out! lots of drinks and pics!! woo my head is wrecked tho! 
just got home from a very cold-awesome-two-night getaway at baguio philippines! wohoo!! 
Just got home from a very productive practice. Bout to go to sleep and get up for school. Life sucks...well atleast until schools out!! 
just got home from a visit to grandma's house  yeah i was FAT-ed. :'( HAHA.
just got home from a walk with hayden, now enjoying a relaxing evenging at home 
just got home from a whole day with graduations'. I't has been a long day ! Time to relax infront of the TV 
Just got home from an alright night of drinking and pool.. got some good work done for the band this weekends aswell 
Just got home from an awesome refuge service and is about to pig out on raviolis.  haha.
Just got home from an evening at BINGO! Fun stuff...althought I did not win, I still had a great time!  Happy Sunday to everyone!
Just got home from another amazing night 
Just got home from another wonderful night 
just got home from arturos..  .. now to get some sleep.. open house 2morro.. if u r lookin for a condo in Brookfield CT let me know
Just got home from auburn. Resting for about an hour before headed to grace. Pray its a restful hour 
just got home from babysitting, moooore babysitting tomo to 
just got home from beach. fun photo shoot 
is video editing - inspired by a certain Taylor Swift. 
is Vision Sunday...reunion then time with my Jill 
is wacthing alizee en concert 2004 
is waiting for  her jaguar to come over 
is waiting for @electrikk to get out the shower 
is waiting for Cam to decided what we are betting for...imma win i always do 
Is waiting for daddy to ome and do some more deorating on this lovely sunny day!!! then its shopping time this afternoon 
Is waiting for first night jitters to set in. And looking forward to going to wdw for a week starting Sunday! 
is waiting for Grellie!!!!! 
is waiting for her friends from Switzerland. Coffee is ready- cake is looking good  Gonna be an International day today
is waiting for her girls 
is waiting for her luuurvly sandwich from lee while revising in the garden 
Is waiting for her prince charming in the adidas. RYLA was amazing. Dance on Friday 
is waiting for his snow day 
is waiting for Katie to get here to go see Jade and go shopping 
is waiting for liam 
Just got home from bingo... at 8am. It went very, very well Bryen  Wayne would be proud.
Just got home from birthday party and Sam has stamps in his shoe...we dont know why 
just got home from cali what a trip that was 
Just got home from camp! Tubing is so fun! Knees boating is awesome but hard. Going take a shower and eat so I can go to laurens house!! 
just got home from carolines wedding!! 
just got home from chrissy's houseeee  fun-ness lol .
just got home from church at Broad River! Best teaching I've heard in a while (3 weeks at least...)  Yuck for rainy days!
just got home from church band rehearsal! Gotta make it good for the Lord tomorrow! Sing sing sing! 
just got home from Church!!!  a not so good day it is. whew.
Just got home from church, the grocery and eating out with TJ and my bro. Flor's back! with Rolly too! 
Just got home from church.  Starvationess. BRB.
just got home from church. The Service was good 
just got home from church.. 
just got home from church...  i wonder why i cry everytime i pray.. ??? i think its because even if im a sinner, GOD still blessed me =')
Just got home from church... Excited about Cedar Ridge this afternoon 
just got home from church... going to enjoy the rest of the day outside in the pretty weather. 
just got home from Creslees party! &amp;bullllshit 
just got home from dance and soccer, going to watch the guys game after a nap 
Just got home from dance recital!!!!!  got my 5 year award&lt;3
Just got home from dancing 
Just got home from Dane Cook's show in Portland. It was sweet as mother fuck'in taboo. haha. I will never forget this gorgeous night. 
Just got home from Darien Lakes @drewseeley thanks again for the great show. You never disappoint &lt;3. @mitchelmusso great job   g'nitezzz
Just got home from dinner and a movie with a good friend and a great girl!    Drag Me To Hell was pretty good just a little predictable!
Just got home from dinner with Amanda and Hannah. Waiting for Leno to come on, last show :'( Conzie's on tonight, and back Monday! 
just got home from dinner with the whole family in serendra... that was really fun!happy mother's day to my mom and tita 
just got home from dinnner, watching american psycho 
just got home from disneyland  Had a great night... now im off to bed 
Just got home from disneyland. Sleep time. Party tomorrow. Bring your swim suit! 
Just got home from Festival Mall.... 
Just got home from grocery and dinner with parents at a veneto pizzeria ristorante  saw @bernyavadz and her little sis bea
just got home from g's. low key, beer pong, dirty cock-a-tails, early 90's. gonna watch some tru calling then sleep 
Just got home from hanging with Tyler and the guys in NYC  tired as helllllll
Just got home from having yummy italian! No more green for me..LOL! Now a green tea frap for dessert  Life is good!
just got home from Julius grad party 
just got home from kohls 
just got home from Kuya Mark's Dad's wake. It was NOT the visit that I was expecting. 
Just got home from Las Piï¿½as. This morning was my nephew christening and I'm one of his godparents 
just got home from LB, it's been a looong ass day, a lot of fun but now i'm pretty excited to crawl into bed  nighty night everyone!
Just got home from lunch with the girls. Drinking at my house tonight since dad wont let me out. Everyone's welcome! 
is waiting for lost to come on 
is waiting for nikki to pick me up.. and im going to sleep at allyssas so we can have sweet sweet dreams of all time low! eeep  
is waiting for the bbb boys @OpieRadio @AnthonyCumia @JimNorton to begin another great week of radio on the ViRus XM 202 / Sirius 197 
is waiting for the boy to make dinner  and watching a movie
is waiting for the dosh to roll in  xx
is waiting for the everton match 
is waiting for the husband for dinner  http://plurk.com/p/uj2qf
is waiting for the jonas brothers new album to come out!!! im going to buy it @ midnight!!! 
Is waiting for the tracking number for her new PINK BLACKBERRY CURVE!! Switched to Verizon.. no worries, number is the same. 
is waiting for the train to London 
is waiting for tomorrow 
is waiting for tomorrow, the day after and the day after. 
is waiting in anticipation for sufbaby's arrival 
is waiting in line for a milkshake at Opie's... 
is waiting on der to get here. getting ready for tacky prom.  woo. today is amazing.
is waiting on gary lee kennedy to get here!!! I'm leaving for the beach at 4 in the morning tomorrow 
is waiting on Thomas to email me i hope can. 
is waiting patiently 
is waiting rather impatiently for her favorite four bands to have new albums already 
is waiting to be dismissed. Time to go rehearse soon 
Is Waiting To Hear JLS On The Hit40Uk 
is waiting to hear the interview  xx
is waiting to leave for The Sounds/Paramore/No Doubt concert 
Is waiting to see steff and cori to cross the stage. 
is waitinq for flo rida to come to the qween city  [reqina] 
Is waking up with the sun today 
Is walking 2 college its another nice day  but i do hate Tuesdays! Hav Mr im so funny 1st lesson. Nooo
Just got home from Makati. I had my interview with ECC International. And, I got hired! Terrific! 
Just got home from my baby . Movie was good . Head killing me ! Eating strawberrys now 
just got home from my bf  after spending 3 days with him lol
Just got home from my date omg so much fun im excited 
just got home from my exam  tomrrow i have another one and them friday and IM DONE ! yes babbyy ! wooo t
Just got home from my first day of work... only orientation, but it was quit fun and exciting! 
Just got home from my mile walk, its so relaxing!   Busy week ahead of me! I'm excited!
Just got home from neverland and im going back tomorrow. 
Just got home from Orlnado i HATE being home! And i don't have to go to school my mom said yay! Just chillin on the computer all day! 
just got home from Palawan. we really had a great time!!! Thank you Lord!!!! to my friends, til next trip! 
Just got home from Paradise A! Now in Paradise B. 
just got home from paul / evan / spencer / harry / ben's show. my friends are so fucking talented i love them all!! 
just got home from perkins and ready for bed, but no more jazz band in the morning 
just got home from playing jam sessions on 88.3...good times  keep it corporate!
just got home from playing music,it was an Awesome Time 
Just got home from playing w/ the kids.  Kidzone is so much fun  Gonna watch game 2 of the Stanley cup.  Hope its like last night's game.
just got home from poms! going to Taco Bell! 
just got home from practice.. now hanging out with kolbster&lt;33  !
just got home from rehersal and now i wanna go to the mall 
just got Home from school!  it was fun ) oh btw its a music school. 
Is walking blutac 
is wandering what to do today 
is Want to make a knitted bird house? http://tinyurl.com/cuzxyq  http://plurk.com/p/rkyfo
Is wanting some @TangyFruits from @KLASIK1 wen u get back into Sydney 
is wanting to be President of Earth soon 
is wanting to make a album for fun since everyone says I can sing 
is wanting to watch a good t-storm.....sky is getting dark 
Is warm soy milk and amazake with cocoa powder and agave 
Is warming up for tonight with some fine ass wine 
is washing jacks pants 
is watch border security with my mum 
Is watchin @aplusk and @iamdiddy on @cnnbrk talk abt twitter!!!! 
Is watchin 'cow n chicken' with niece. So far i think she likes it.  yay! Brings back memories...
is watchin Family Guy 
is watchin friends 
is watchin friends  FUNNY!!! lol  and REALLY wants to kiss Alex!! (K) xxxxxxxx
is watchin full house...man,,i love this show! 
Is watchin her burger n chips being cookd lol  x
is watchin insert infotainment @marvinjulian jessi is out from the list  . Kita pake mobil apa nanti?
Is watchin psych and enjoying house sitting for my mate ready for this I'm lookin after 3 dogs,6 cats,a cockatiel,fish and a horse 
is watchin scrubs 
is watchin sum racist film called Mr and Mrs Loving on five USA, its so sad man, if u ever see it on i recommend u 2 watch it 
is watchin the french open final, cheering for roger 
Just got home from school. About to eat some cereal!! 
Just got home from school. Have to get back to buy a book on Accounting. Will shower in a few minutes 
just got home from school. no homework. 
just got home from school. tonight should be fun  so happy its the weekend.
just got home from school. wat an exhausting day but at the same time FUN 
Just got home from seeing Ben at work.  Earlier today afer I got off of my work mom and I went grocery shopping.  FUN FUN! 
just got home from seeing my cutie!!  So Happy!! 
just got home from SF and am really tired. so much randomness but it was fun 
Just got home from Shang &amp; Mega with NinLau+Harley ) CLAWDADDY and CRANK FTW! 
Just got home from Shopping. This week I didn't spend any of my Lunch money and used it to buy Manga... 
Just got home from SM  I saw my old schoolmates, yey ! 
Just got home from SM Sucat and then AJ's crib. Saw Ayer at Sucat and then had so much fun with my Unity friends. 
just got home from some good mexican food and VBS decor. Heading to Baby Phases for a bit. Beautiful day 
Just got home from surprise birthday drinks for my mate dan which I organized! I wish someone would throw me a surprise party! 
Just got home from Tagaytay.. I'm excited to play with my friends again this week.. 
just got home from tha movies....seen Ghost Of Girlfriend's Past....it was good....but not tha best..haha... 
Just got home from the band awards ceremony  it was fun afterwards. Today was a good day overall 
is watching &quot;azumanga daiho&quot;.. 
is watching &quot;Coming To America&quot; //for the first time 
is watching &quot;So You Think You Can Dance&quot; 
is watching &quot;The Unexplained&quot; (superstitions &amp; paranoias including the # 13) &amp; relaxing. Thunderstorms outside, purring kitty in my lap. 
Is watching &quot;trick my truck&quot;... Then time for bed... Gotta go to the shop again tomorrow 
is watching &quot;You've got mail&quot; ... I love this movie 
is watching *You've Got Mail* on HBO.  http://plurk.com/p/xnps7
is watching @TheRealRyanHiga YT vid.. i watch korean drama too  PWNED = LOL http://bit.ly/ii2wP
Is watching 28 Days Later  I love Danny Boyle!
is watching 7 pounds 
Is Watching A Movie With Dill. 
is watching a movie with the baby 
is watching a movie with the love of my life 
is watching a young Red Devils team; hopefully we can win 
is watching Ace Ventura - great 90s classic 
Is watching and photographing a military airshow 
is watching animax right now ( I'll Be back after 1hr ) You all' have a good Day 
is watching bright young things and jobhunting 
is watching burn notice on Hulu! 
is watching Centre Stage 
is watching CHARMED again  http://plurk.com/p/yv89n
is watching Clone Wars 
Is watching Clue the movie  I love Tim Curry so much hes amazing. I'm definitely watching Rocky Horror next.
Is watching CNN, talking to Katie, &amp; loving his boyfriend.  Oh, and he doesn't feel good.
Is watching cricket. Hell yea! Thanks for a great night jak 
is watching D.O.A 
is watching dance! 
is watching Dawn of the Dead 
is watching eastenders  x x x
Just got home from the cemetery. We visited my granmama there.  Now it's raining so hard. :| gnite! I'm sooo tired sitting all day on  ...
just got home from the City Lights show  yeahhh!
Just Got Home From The Cuzzo's. Fittin Ta Go Ta Sleep. Getting My Cap &amp;&amp; Gown iN The AM 
Just got home from the Dunlap residence 
Just got home from the English exam, hung out with Michelle  I got a 12 btw.
Just got home from the game. My brother's team won 26-7!  It was a great night! Congrats to my bro &amp; sis. Football player &amp; cheerleader!!!
Just got home from the gym and had my protein shake 
Just got home from the gym I'm so glad I made it.. I'm feeling so good right now full of energy.  
just got home from the hawk nelson show in santa ana it was great!! 
just got home from the mall with v 
Just got home from the marina, didnt realize it was so late.. whoops. Anywho, i got some great photos  so i'm happy.
Just got home from the midnight showing of Night at the Museum 2. It was pretty good! Great movie to just sit back and enjoy. 
just got home from the my hidden track show. i LOVE LOVE LOVE them. go to myspace.com/myhiddentrack, and you can fall in love too 
just got home from the police station. ) SVET ok na si bulilit q. hehe.  http://plurk.com/p/uiiez
Just got home from the salon // bout to see what's good with dinner 
just got home from the sunshine coast 
just got home from the wedding  it was a gorgeous night  i am so happy for the bride and groom  now i'm watching george lopez 
Just got home from walmart. Me and one other girl were there lmao. I'm such a nerd. Off to install and play!!! 
is watching family guy 
is watching family guy with ryan 
is watching Fight Club 
is watching Finding Nemo with Steven and Kyle...They both love it 
Is watching firefly 
is watching football  COME ON CHELSEA!!!!
is watching Forula 1 
is watching friiends! what could possibly be better 
is watching Fringe. Josh Jackson will always be Cahrlie Conway to me, fuck Pacey!  Favourite Mighty Ducks film?
is watching Game 2 of The Finals. 
is watching Gavin and Stacey 
is watching GG..  http://plurk.com/p/xbr8m
is watching Ghost Hunt.  http://plurk.com/p/whduq
is watching Gossip Girl and One Tree Hill 
is watching Gossip Girl Season 2 
is watching Gossip Girl.  http://plurk.com/p/xvor8
is watching Grey's Anatomy Season5 Episode21  http://plurk.com/p/rdg98
is watching Gundam 00. yey. 
is watching hannah montana 
is watching HANNAH MONTANA.  http://plurk.com/p/n2213
is watching harry potter movies with her nephew Patrick.....i think we have watched them all twice now  lol
Is watching her rocket scientists launch their rockets!!  
Is watching hotrod with grace 
is watching House M.D. and relaxing  is there any better way to spend a Sunday?
Is watching hsm2  xxxxx
is watching I Am Legend...kinda. And then we're going to borrow more movies, including Valkyrie and Mission: Impossible II...or Cocktail 
Is watching ice hockey fights on dvd good times 
is watching India vs Bangladesh WC T20.. me thinks India will defntly win 
is watching Kinley, working out, hopefully seeing someone special this week 
is watching lee evans!! funny cunt 
is watching Little Mermaid!  
is watching LOST on ABC.com - why have I never watched online before??  So going to do this every week!  
is watching Love or Bread. hilarious! 
is watching Madea Goes To Jail. 
is watching masterchef master class 
is watching Maury before she does some sax n guitar 
is watching me some merlin 
just got home from watching beyonces film obsessed  was gd- lil slow nd stupid gals larfing al way thru- tut
Just got home from what i am calling now Skilled Babysitting LOL. It's cool thoug. I get paid to do it  It's all good
just got home from work 
Just got home from work and bout to smoke sum hooka wit da boyz 
Just got home from work not long ago. What a long exhausting day! It was good though. Made good money.  about to chill with wyatt
JUST GOT HOME FROM WORK!! 
Just got home from work, getting some sleep then back to work at 9 but yay for semiannual sale!! 
Just got home from work,watching casper,I used to love this movie especially when he turns human 
just got home from work. filet tenderloin and crab stuffed shrimp. yummm 
Just got home from work. I love busy days 
just got home from work.... and is chugging down a big bottle of apple juice. 
Just got home from working a ten hour day and made myself pancakes for dinner. So worth it. 
just got home from workk not doing anything for the rest of the day callll me. 
just got home from YFC Mendez Batch 6 Camp! 
just got home had a major daily tset today. its math and i wish i got 6 or more 
Is watching Megahits. I love the song Know Your Enemy- Green Day.  saw UP I guess considering it's 12:40am yesterday? So good! Squirel! Ha
is watching mia, kelsey, and alex talk.  its late. we're having fun!
is watching movies in bed 
is watching MY BIG LOVE  http://plurk.com/p/uhd62
is watching my girl, what a brilliant film for a sunday 
Is watching National Treasure!!!   Love that movie and David Archuleta!!
is watching neighbours! 
Is watching night in the museum with my sister again 
is watching Obama speak again. My goodness, this man can talk! Does he memorize his speeches? He NEVER looks down or uses a TelePrompTer! 
is watching one of the funniest movies ever....Superbad.....lol 
is watching One Outs! Awesome as usual  Tokuchi~
Is watching police academy 
is watching pride and prejudice 
is watching prison break and formula 1^^ vettel is great... bad for ferrari 
Is watching Queen Of The Damned 
is watching Queen...ah shit yeah.... We are the Champions!!!  
is watching rage, an hour of New Order from 3:30am...and half of them uncomfortable live performances...what more could you ask for? 
is watching red eye. Rachel McAdams, is an amazing actress 
is watching rock of love reunion. what a bunch of crazy whores. and thats y i loved the show 
is watching Rockwiz, and saw the drummer mouthing 1 2 3.. I didn't know they could count 
Is watching scream, and loves how cheesy it is! 
is watching scrubs 
is watching seinfeld- the apartment before the mavs 
is watching SNL. 
is watching Stand By Me with the brother 
is watching supernanny and reading fanfic 
is watching supernatural 
is watching t20 world cup #cricket 
Just got home in record time on my scooter. It's great not having to wait in traffic and pavements are great for short cuts 
Just got home there are so many people out today, lovin' the warm weather though  I wanna go for a walk. cams charging 
just got home to a batch of cupcakes 
Just got home to Cavan. I tell my family I met Bret Hart and there all like 'Who?' /sigh Who needs 'em eh? I have a signed book to read! 
Just got home with a bottle of La Crema Chardonnay... Im a happy little lady 
Just got home with Bri bri, hehe interesting night. Goodnight 
just got home with chinese food!!  about to put shayla's info on blast before kattya muahaha
just got home! LET US ALL BE CONNECTED WITH GOD, CONSTANTLY! 
just got home!! got my season 4 copy of CM yahoooo ;-) plus take home pasta  w/ sundried tomato &amp; capers for lunch 
Just got home, and am going to bake a cake 
Just got home, at 7:52 AM, after a long night of work, then some quality time with Brock.    Sleeeeeeeeeep.  &lt;3
Just got home, bought two CDs today. Going to watch the Uninvented with my mother. 
Just got home, chilled with Bernalyn, Phil, and @carolyngalvante Sick! 
Just got home, freakin crazy shit goin on o___0? Where the freak am I? UHhhhhhhh yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee doin the stanky leg in my room 
Just got home, god it's hot out there!.Think im going to catch up on some reading 
Just got home, gotta have some food and prepare for #twickpix tonight at 10pm 
Just got home, have riding tonight  .... a little freaked because Isra ?lost? her brother ?
just got home, headin upstairs to the lom @stevenmarkorton 
just got home, i wish i had a popsicle right now. or a nice banana 
just got home, its beautiful outside. shoe shopping after lunch!!!! my lunch is gonna be the best ever!!!!! 
just got home, putting my feet up... now its time for a coffee 
just got home, reading my new book 
Just got home, time for bed! 
just got home, today was so much fun!! 
just got home.  i really need to sleep early today. i need to finish enrollment tomorrow.
Just got home. :3 Was pleased with Star Trek. 
Just got home. ^^  And woot~ no more classes! 
just got home. 620 dollars, two stuffed animals that sing to me, and a trip to new york. imma happy graduate. 
Just got home. About to go for a jog with Susy 
Just got home. about to stickam. 
just got home. cuddling and eating spag with babe made my rainy day happy 
just got home. drove myselfff!!!  got my license yesterdayXD
Just got home. Erick Morillo was the business!!! Good nite 
Just got home. Fun day. Swimming. Then downey now home. 
just got home. GOOD F'N NIGHT EVERYONE!!!! 
just got home. good times with my girlfriends  happy birthday (again) Ninna!
Just got home. Guess what's on....?! Dirty Dancing !! Ahh. My movie 
Is watching Taylor Swift dateline special then the MTV movie awards   What a great night of TV &lt;3
is watching the 2nd show of american idol for this week..for the 2nd time 
is watching the ANC Leadership Forum....  http://plurk.com/p/xg2na
