is waiting for the final of shipwrecked to start. goodtimes.  &lt;3
Is waiting for the Mistress to finish Dinner. Yay! 
is waiting for the Rome presentation.. then off to Rome!!!!! 
is waiting for the trainnnnn 
is waiting for tonight  Bikinians @ Botanique
is waiting for urban mediaspace to start - nice with a tiny break actually 
is waiting on a special visitor today 
is waiting on the mail lady again. I'm basically pathetic. But I got some great reading done last night 
is waiting to be 9:00 p.m to watch &quot;al fondo ai sitio&quot; 
is waiting to finally welcome this bambino to the world. 
Is waiting to go to Tesco soon 
is waiting to go to the movies with some sweet people 
is waiting to hear back on an offer I wrote tonight 
is waiting to receive more presents! 
is waiting to see &quot;up&quot; it seems cute 
is waiting to see what will happen next 
is waiting to strike back  
is wake and excited 
is walking the dog, then showering, then Dim Sum 
Is walking thru my front door...what time is it? I dont know but the sun is up.its been a long but fun night. 
is walking to class now. Thanks for luck Ana, oh and balls on your face can be funny. 
is walking to work without a jacket!!! Yay summer!! 
is walking with @bellllaaaa to Lakeshore. we need a good walk  found $6
is wandering if you have your head in the clouds as much as I do dear 
is wanting ALL the McDonald's mini board games! 
is wanting the sun to come out and play 
is wanting to load up the moving van again and live in a new city! Just have to wait a few more years! 
is wanting to see Justin Bieber live  (L) &lt;3
is warming her tootsies in a fire 
is wasting the day away with tv and yoohoo 
is watchin mtv movie awards  | Ashley Tisdale , Vanesaa Hudgens &amp;' Zac Efron i â™¥ u 
Is watchin the MTV awards, with a bow &amp; her boy.. 
Is watchin this amazing magic game!!  lets go magic!!
is watching &quot;newmoon&quot; trailer. sooo excited!!  they swept MTV Movie Awards!
is watching &quot;Nuclear Hurricane&quot; and recommend it 
is watching &quot;Over the hedge&quot;  I love that movie! D: xx  // cool http://gykd.net
is watching &quot;sonny with a chance&quot;. cool show! 
is watching &quot;The Reader&quot; while downloading pics from last sat night &quot;Tribute to The Light&quot; gig 
is watching @alex_zane and @jackwhitehall on new 8 out of 10 cats 
is watching 1000 places to see before you die 
is watching 12 rounds... So far so good 
Is watching 4Music 
is watching a film and on msn 
is watching a marathon of Harry Potter 
is watching a mooovayyy. 
is watching a SNL from 1999- and thinks &quot; wow- what we know  now and dang! Some-stuff hasn't changed&quot;  Dallas- see you Weds!
is watching Alexander the great... not the one he's gay in! waiting for pippa to come round for a girly sesh 
is watching American Dad  &quot;She's as graceful as a frozen turd&quot; hahaha.
is watching an amazing sunrise while floating back into the port of Miami.  
is watching another great episode of the Simpsons 
is watching baby mama 
Is watching Bedtime Stories with the group. 
is watching Beverly Hills 90210 
is watching BGT from last night again and had a awesome night at Platypus Ducks gig. Work tonight 
is watching big brother 10 ! 
is watching 'Bing Hitler' anchor the Late, Late show on CBS.  Strange, last saw him 17 years ago at the Edinburgh Fringe 
is watching bones b4 work 
is watching Boys Over Flowers. 
is watching Britains Got Talent - the last semi final!! Final tomorrow night...argh!! I want Amanda Holden's dress...sooo pretty!!! 
iS WATCHiNG CAMP ROCK ON STUDiO 23.. 
is watching casperloves sunday movie day 
is watching changeling.....basically it is awesome 
Is watching Crank 2 ... Jason Statham therapy 
Is watching 'Criminal Minds'  I love this show (L)
is watching CSI Miami 
is watching desparet housewives on E4+1  &amp; is wearing lip gloss for a change ...x
is watching desperate housewives loves it  x
is watching Dexter. Never disappoints 
is watching drake and bell with emily gaedtke..gotta love it 
is watching Ellen DeGeneres show 
is watching Enchanted in Star Movies  http://plurk.com/p/ujm6q
is watching Encino Man, another classic 
is watching extreme makeover home edition with my Alexanderrr 
is watching Fame! 
is watching family guy rofl 
Is watching Family Guys. 
Is watching fifth element and drinking Mochas with james. Nice rainy sunday 
is watching Fired Up and is already loving it! It just started too 
is watching Forest Gump on HBO and eatting breakfast 
is watching Friends. Lol at Chandler 
is watching GG !!! 
is watching gossip girl 
is watching gossip girl &lt;3 and after that going to bed...mmh.  really tired.
is watching gossip girl. (and who am i?that`s the secret ill never tell, you know you love me, xoxo, gg.  hahaha!)
is watching Grease and wanting to play some whiffle ball!! 
is watching Grey's Anatomy.  http://plurk.com/p/xcbxr
is watching guitar tutorials on Youtube 
is watching hana yori dango  http://plurk.com/p/uemye
is watching hana yori dango the final movie  xoxo
Is watching hangover 
is watching Hannah Montana &amp; Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert blahhhh! Why you say? I dunno, but Shout Out 2 @espinosa22 
Is watching Hannah Montana on Disney 
Is watching Hannah Montana,, New Episode 
is watching Happy Tree Friends with alcoholic/je-an. haha!  http://plurk.com/p/y43ey
Is watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire 
is watching harry potter and the prisoner of askaban 
is watching her cousins wedding video! superr cute! 
Is watching her fav show...&quot;Snapped&quot;! T H A N K S !  @MBoogie53 @shaunathn  
is watching her lil hamster Pepper running around his new home hehe. Cant wait til friday to pick up our puppyyy 
is watching heroes with jeanelle. im catching on to it but still somewhat confused. oh well ill get it evenutally, 
Is watching his hired driver win him a 45 lap race, thank fuck it isn't me doing it 
is watching his wife play Portal and is laughing lol 
is watching hollyoaks 
is watching House (The story so far) on Sky Anytime. can't wait for the new series! 
is watching how lakers won  CEEELEBRATION!!!!
is watching I Dream Of Jeannie- going shopping today 
is watching In Bruges while chatting on MS 
is watching katharine hepburn movies.  
Is watching koi contest @ Hanggar, sekalian berburu buat kolam baru 
Is watching lost finalle again  well my sis wanted too so it has to be done!! (@Chili_bex)
is watching lots of Youtube videos for no apparent reason 
is watching M.A.S.K episode 1 online, one of my all time favorite 80s cartoons. Memories memories 
is watching made of honour 
is watching Mario Barth 
Is watching Marley &amp; Me...man, that's one loveable, yet crazy, dog 
is watching men in black @ hbo now. will smith is exactly a funny man. 
is watching metalocolypse after dane cooks isolated incident..i am entertained 
is watching movies!! 
is watching MY BIG LOVE.. hahahaha..  http://plurk.com/p/uhkuo
is watching my fave couple. chuck and larry.  http://plurk.com/p/z4t2m
Is watching National Spelling Bee! I am so impressed of the contestants!! they're so awesome!!  i WiSH i COULD DO THE SAME.! HAHA.. )
is watching old A7X interviews 
is watching old episodes of the hills  i love it...feeling very ill and i really want a caramel light frappacino!!! x
Is watching old movies again  I am going to spend all day relaxing! 
Is watching old VHS`s 
is watching one tree hill 
is watching one tree hill season 5.. 
is watching p.s i love you 
is watching Paramore and No Doubt. Don't speak. I know what you're thinking, and I don't need ya reasons. Don't tell me 'cause it hurts 
Is watching Pinocchio with my real boys and girl. 
is watching pokï¿½mon battle dimensions 
Is watching POSH in a executive box and then walking out onto the pitch 
is watching Queen of the Damned. Vampire sex.... hotness. 
is watching rest of supernatural season 1 
is watching Roland Garros 
is watching rove 
is watching rove, nothing like a good old petespace 
is watching S3 of &quot;The Office&quot;.  This show makes me so uncomfortable in a delicious, hilarious way 
is watching Seven Pounds with her family 
is watching Sex and the City for the third time this weekend 
is watching Shaun of the Dead.. Simon Pegg! 
is watching 'Sholay' 
is watching SNL the best of Amy Poehler. shes so funny haha 
is watching some of his old stuff on Youtube... ahhh the memories 
is watching something for the weekend  on BBC1 
Is watching sonny with a chance 
is watching Speed Racer (classic cartoon show). 
is watching star wars 
Is watching sunrise. I love my daily dose of news, sport, weather and entertainment!! 
is watching Supernatural  And will soon go to the land of Zzz's.
is watching SVU until Dewey wakes up... 
Is watching taken 
is watching TDFWM 
is watching terminator salvation  http://plurk.com/p/wxy5s
is watching TFC  haha
is watching the ARISTOCATS!  i love this moviee. &amp; hannahys coming over later todayy.
is watching the Ascot Racing ! Looking forward to working at it on Thursday  !
is watching the bachelor 
is watching the bachelorette 
Is watching the bachelorette and spending the night with @laurenkeith tonight 
is watching the Chasers with a bottle of Red... 
is watching The Dark Knight 
is watching the first episode of season 2 of Charmed. 
is watching The Fugitive w/ my nana &amp; papa and eating a well deserved drumstick! What? My doctor said eat lots of dairy cuz of the meds! 
is watching the grand prix 
is watching the Grand Prix with Mark and Neil 
Is watching The Inbetweeners and thinking it's comedy genius!!! 
is watching the Jays beat the Red Sox 
is watching the Laker game and outlining experiments for the following 10 days 
is watching the littlest vampireee 
is watching the mtv movie awardssss 
is watching The Nanny with Ashley 
is watching the nephew..and will prob start fighting with him in a min..talk to me  lol
is watching the New Moon trailer for 526th time 
is watching the newest Hannah Montana episode... she's so cute. 
is watching the R:A dvd! So funny 
is watching the season finale of season 1 of true blood 
is watching the second half of Twilight.  
Is watching the soup! I love joe mchale ;) blah in bed with my bestfran, chrissy. BEDTIME 
Is watching the Southern Steel vs Mistics game . Hope they win !! 
is watching the stonehenge time team thing &amp; cooking brownies..nom  ha well love tony robinson
is watching the stream of the Blackout 
is watching the Supernatural finale. finally. 
is watching the the hills 8 episodes today!  seen them all a million times tho but oh well never gets old
is watching the tony's with jordie, ari, mom, danielle and kayla 
is watching the TV show &quot;Greek&quot; and loves it!! 
Is watching The Who's Tommy. It's fucking epic. 
is watching this mornin  but wants to watch the hills all day long
is watching Titanic 
is watching tori and dean inn love 
is watching True Blood 
Is Watching 'true Jackson, vp' is actually well alright  who else watches it? Message me goouuyss.
is watching true lies under the influence of marijuana 
is Watching tv and drinking tea , YEs I can multiTask 
Is watching tv with danica and delania 
is watching tv, reba to be exact 
is watching tv.and is thinking of going out tonight. 
is watching TWILIGHT 
Is watching Twilight  awesome movie  (Y)
is watching TWILIGHT with commentary!  rob is so funny.
is watching Twilight with Ju! 
is watching twilight with my amazing boyfriend justin and victoria 
is watching twittervision!  If you are seeing this come friend me!!  
is watching two + a half men, work experience again tomorrow 
Is watching Underworld with @nora_AT she has never seen it B4!! 
is watching vicky, christina barcelona  spain is sooo beautiful !!! http://tinyurl.com/kj5bgd http://plurk.com/p/xgxg0
is watching Victoria's Secret  http://plurk.com/p/113juj
is watching vids  http://plurk.com/p/ui26s
Is watching Wall-E on Netfix! 
Is watching what could be considered the most fantastic movie ever. Emma Watson makes life worth living 
is watching worlds strongest man with Joe!! 
is watching wow wow wubbzy with my cousin, 
is watching WOWP.  http://plurk.com/p/z196u
is watching X-Men Origins today! 
is watching yugioh. hahahahah. 
is watchingg the red sox game.  
is wearing a ring just for fun. 
is wearing a shirt she hasn't worn since middle school and it fits 
is wearing her new dirt cheap dress 
is wearing her twitter shirt!  IF YOU ARE FOLLOWING ME, PLEASE TELL ME IF YOU WANT TO SEE IT?
is wearing make-up for the first time since thanksgiving! Crazy! Oh well I don't really need it just felt like putting some on 
is weary again but needs to nuke the ironing pile, for it is nearly time for @MegFitz's birthday dinner! 
is webcamming with her sister from el Las Vegass  (extra 'S' intended)
is weekend, at last 
is welcoming @adhito to twitter 
Is well and truly falling in love with THR most amazing girl in THE world. Happy times 
is wet. sick. has no voice. ........ but groundswell was AWESOME 
is wickedly alive and kicking..  carpe diem sobra! grateful for everything that happened for the past 24 hrs.
is wide awake and ready for action! *productivity is KEY today* time to get these finals over with...with me luck 
is window shopping online lol. looking at jewelry always makes me happy 
Is wishing @missbalticrabs the best of luck in her politics exam today 
is wishing everyone a Happy Earth Day  Plant a tree or just hug one (they like that too)
is wishing good night everybody 
is wishing happy Father day to her dad  xx
is wishing it were Friday, yet again. Seems as if this the standard, these days. Working for the weekend 
is wishing on a falling star  wondering where you are
is wishing she would get more followers 
is wishing the rain clears up so  i can do some driving 
is wishing you a lovely evening 
is wishing, after watching those videos, that it will be FREEZING next weekend so she can bring Edea out again without dying 
is with @sidraismail and nida and noorrrr 
Is With Audrey, Trying to teach her how it works 
is with elouise. had a nice day today with ryan and trav 
is with emily 
is with Guy + Kaylie in ict 
is with Hann and Rylee, out later! 
Is with her cookie.... 
is with her hunny &amp; @apauley88 &amp; ty.  this weekend will be A M A Z I N G!!!
is with james and auntie jan  x
is with Jordan watching old Beastie Boys music videos  uhm, GOON. I have the best friends ever.
is with Ju 
is with lauren n jayne goin out inbitttt   x
is with lou, lea + lucy watching angus, thongs 
is with mummy finding oxfam clothes. ew. wearing a silly hat and silly glasses.  i feel like tramp. )))) x
is with PAIGE 
Is with pinder. Her parents are amazing  They saved my shoes ;D
is with the gang!  text or call dee ceel !
Is Wolverine worth seeing? If its anything as 'good' as Crank 2 i wanna see it 
is wondering how everyone is 
is wondering how Norway won the song contest last night with a Schlager!! Was fun anywho to hang out with John and Ana. 
is wondering if anyone has any good tips or advice for japan? leaving in 6 days 
is wondering if Fruitella are as good as Starburst...I shall find out after teeeea 
is wondering if he'll fall asleep during his TV episode 
is wondering if I'll get my blackberry working with emails today???!!  I had no luck yesterday!
is wondering if life is going to go her way this summer. hopefully. chart show in 17 mins  xxx
Is wondering were her crush is 
is wondering what to do with her self pittying loner hubby  xxx love u xx
is wondering what to have for breakfast ..  http://plurk.com/p/xh89p
is wondering whose online atm?? 
Is wondering why she decided to dance up a storm after that workout. I can feel the burn! Hmmm I kinda like it 
is wondering why shes getting grief for being different. its stupid. shes proud to be quirky 
is working all day. Not a bad start to summer 
Is working at Chemistry near Putney Bridge, kinda feels good to be out of the centre of London 
is working at Mocha Blends.  Now THIS is a workstation. 
is working hard or maybe thats hardly working 
is working in the sun  http://twitpic.com/6eclh
is working it out allll day long. 
is working on a secret project using the Amazing Silverlight will be featured soon ... Keep Guessing! 
is working on Cory and Bob's wedding photos..I'm nearing the end 
Is working on her Air Canada Business project...  Setting up for the &quot;after-school&quot; plan - doubt it will work but we'll see (10-10,000) 
is working on her essay that she put off for so long. lovely 
Is working on his animation for his poem 
is working on his resume and portfolio and stuff! 
is working on purses and then off to Bath and Body Works before I go watch Michael's band play at Chillin' Time 
Is working on some more poems. Check out the blog. AustinHush.tumblr.con  look at some of my other work while your at it 
is working on the new backup module for trixbox CE. It's going to support Amazon S3 backup service 
is working on various projects for class and is excited for the senior music banquet tomorrow! 
is working out and then a run later ! &amp; listening to forever the sickest kids &quot;whoa oh&quot;  aawwesomee song !
is working out now. LOVE IT!!!!!! 
Is working the last two days in Gig Harbor before i'm going to stay with the future in-laws 
Is working then pitching lessons 
is working till 19.00 but then its off to WingTsun 
is working tirelessly on a Sunday evening for all you Fly-Mommies... More new posts this week! www.flaimahmy.com 
Is working with Evil Kevin today so far he's : relived 3 college memories and cursed about 4 times. Welcome to the public library 
is working with Mary today! 
is working with the Boss, on the rhythm, the rhythym that has always been within 
Is working working and working + Starting at the Bank next Tuesday (Training) 
is working.   I am so happy my job is a radio and not anything physically exhausting....
is working. Wishing she was still at home in tha bed!!!! It was a great weekend though and Madison is just a doll 
is wqaking up to a suny day 
is wrapping up the day and ready for the weekend 
is writing again. let's try 2 posts a day.  http://plurk.com/p/rdq8i
is writing another story 
is writing some new stand-up material for the first time in way too long. It feels good for him to be returning to his roots! 
is writing, while drinking tea... tea makes any gloomy, no good, super rotten day feel a little bit better. 
Is wthin the soup... 
is yay  chamichi's online. haha.  (dance) http://plurk.com/p/t9dis
Is yay!  I have internet!  Well maybe for the next 2 min lol we shall see 
is You to me are everything  (music) *singing* http://plurk.com/p/wxonj
is you tubin, Im glad my sweetie called can't wait to see him tomrrw 
Is you tubing 
is zo up to date 
Is ZOMG-full from the great dinner Jonathan made 
is, watching South Park! It's the Michael Jackson episode  only the funniest one! Hahahehe!
is... Home. 
is.... singing with a smile. 
Isaac is married!  does this mean i can take my shoes off?
Isabelle definitely called me Mary Poppins   I can't wait to see the twins tomorrow!
Isaiah... Your also twitting? 
isgoing to alton towers this weekend for a much needed mini hols. oh also, i've cut dairy out of my diet for my voice's sake. kudos me 
ish gonna be eating popeyes for dinner 
Ishaan says ki Haath ke Ghutne se mat Mariye.... Laughing out Loud... 
IshmaelShakur hello! i see u like to follow &quot;latashas&quot;  that's cool...thanks 4 the follow and right back at cha!
isla with my fam  I will miss u kids so much...
Island! 
islands of adventure- so much fun. 
Isle of Wight seems a lot better than people actually say. Nice day pondering around there. 
Isle of Wight was pure AMAZING! Had the best time! Thanks to everyone who came and partied with us!  xx
isn`t it just nice that at the end of the day you feel really good because you were able to control yourself?:}} That`s how i feel now 
isn't at all sleepy but just discovered all three seasons on The Game on youtube 
isn't even to austin yet and  already met an rd from another property.  excited!
isn't going out now so will stay in and play Runescape 
Isn't google great? Just adapting my presentation to Chinese audience - converted costs to Yen and found the 1st McDonalds in China 
isn't his weather just perfect for lying in bed and ordering chinese food  in 
isn't it amusing watching #labour go up in smoke? 
Isn't it great not to be hearing irrevelant news in the local news? I just love listening to news that REALLY matter. 
isn't it great to be appreciated? 
Isn't it great when bedtime comes JUST as your patience runs out?  Perfect timing here tonight. 
Isn't it nice to work with someone when they are really focussed &amp; have lots of drive &amp; know what they want to achieve.  
isn't it nights in museum? or at night in museum? xD doesn't matter.  16 o'clock? okay. Oh. cool! How do you want to remake your room? xo
isn't it sad to love someone who can't love you back?? 
Isn't it strange how my username of years was &quot;Tweets&quot;?  Tweets tweets?  
Isn't Mary gorgeous?  : http://bit.ly/17ZoEF
isnt she adorable    http://sml.vg/mhdToi
Isn't the 1st sip of coffee the best 
isnt this woman just.. fantastic?!  http://tinyurl.com/cyfdyj 
Isolated late day storm are expected today!!!!!!!!! LOVELY 
Iss at work AGAIN!!! She loves Josh sooooo much  x
Iss Listeningg Toooo Musicc x 
iss off to WISLEYYY  paha, avec mes ami Alex 
iss withh @robyndanchon @ashleighhdavis @mimicx 
Issac's bus just pulled in to BT, he's been in Boston. Looking fwd to all his stories 
isss hoommmeee in TEXAASSSS 
isss soooo pumped for the jonas brothers album to come out TOMORROW!! 
issss beaach in am 
Issue of Echelon?..Are they behind some Botnets also? ..you can watch...http://tinyurl.com/c8dns8  ah..but dont think like that 
Ist day of vacation.  Things are looking better already.  
Ist sitting next Tor me @MPTV trying Tor tweet 
it 3pm.. making myself a breakfast.. exactly.. breakfast 
It always makes my day when bloggers I admire stop by my little blog to visit! Thanks @joythebaker 
it always works out it awesome 
It appears I'm going shopping  x
It appears my maths went a bit awry, the bill came back with 25 vodkas on :-/ oops 
It appears Paul Mac goes to all the same gigs I do.. and all the places in Newtown I do.. I see him all the time hehe 
It appears to be a quiet weekend for me. Virtually no phone, mail or text. Peaceful but a bit lonely 
It begins again  VERY excited. Really hope it's legit. Those in the know, jump on board &amp; follow @simeonhobbes  http://tr.im/lz8f #Los ...
It begins ppl! Boarding now see yall on the flipside 
It brings a little sadness by a way but, Im ok 'cause I know that if GOD wants it someday it will happen I need to keep my faith on it 
It cool off i hope it doesnt get to hot agian  im cleaning up and i STILL hate twitter
It could be tomorrow or Wed though -so don't be hassling the postman - you hear me P No need to reply 
it doesnt feel like im on holiday... im doing more work at home than at office...wish i was working 
it doesnt hurt. i didnt put sun tan lotion on my back..but everywhere else its tan ha 
It doesnt look too sunny there but believe me it is! starting to burn my back  - [Re:] http://mobypicture.com/?4ydm04
it doesnt matter anymore..U got to learn how to be nice 
it doesnt matter to me 
It doesn't seem like work when I'm sitting in the sunshine 
it eased early this morning. thank you for asking. and caring 
It feel so good after working out at the gym! I have so much energy right now! LOL... 
It feels amazing to be able to sleep late.  Yay for weekends and pretty weather.
It feels freaking amazing today   i'm in such a good mood. Working with zack, sean, and kim  come see me!
it feels good getting more than 5 hours of sleep a night now 
It feels good to be free. Still hasn't sunk in completely though! 
it feels good to be home 
it feels good to be wanted 
It feels good to have the owner of The Rainbow remember you, tell you how great you look &amp; how much he misses you. Long way from NC 
It feels good to see that all the walking and swimming in greece gave results... 
it feels gooood to ride in my new whip with noooo license 
It feels great outside! Especially with the windows down! 
it feels like a saturday night. 
it feels like chaos, but somehow theres peace 
It feels like october in the shenandoah valley not june in denver- but i'll take it 
It feels like summer, summer, SUMMER  I like that!
It feels like summer. 
It feels like this is the beginning of a great day. 
It feels nice to be admired 
it feels so good to be back at home for a week!  Going to Dave Matthews tomorrow night w/ Gabe 
It feels so good to FINALLY be in bed after a super long day. And there's np better way than to end it with the holiday... again 
it feels so good to have a peaceful night laying in bed and thinking happy thoughts  mmm.. sweet dreams my loves
it feels soo much better, and it finally makes sense ... 
it felt good  fuuh~
It finally hit me a couple days ago ... I am a man of breadth not depth 
it fits! yay! and it has a long train and wings! 
It had been far too long since I'd seen a frog! Between yesterday and today I have seen 3. Can't wait for Matty to catch them with me 
It Had to be You - Harry Connic, Jr. An old song, but a good song. 
It has been a crazy productive day. Feels very good 
It has been a lazy morning. I really should get in gear.  Time for coffee! 
It has been a long time since I have looked at FF almost forgot I had an account  http://ff.im/3pdkD
It has been a while but I finally got another jeep wave. 
It has been confirmed that i am indeed horrible at putt putt!  had a blast seein my bestie &amp; all the old boys tho! its been too long...
It has been done... Next week I will have a Macbook and Ipod Touch... 
It has been proven that pigs actually can fly (Swine Flu) 
It has been some lovely days! The sun has shined the last 4 days  Hot, Hot, Hot! 
it has suddenly occurred to me that i finally have a life outside networking   (facebook/myspace/bebo/twitter etc)
It has to be said, jacks was great fun: happy birthday to the drunken bastard! 
it hit me like a ray of sun, burning thru my darkest nights. you're the only one that i want, and i'm addicted to your light. 
It interacts well with FREE WILL. 
It is  its perfect
It is  Oh, yeah, and sorry, just credit me by linking to the blog. Thanks Sterling! *Luvs*
It is 2 rainy day in a row in Sofia. But it's also a weekend....so I am singing in the rain  ;)
It is 4:15 and... wait for it... I am NOT ASLEEP.   GRRRRRR.  On an up note I got my new blog all set up for Adolescent Lit book reviews 
It is a beautiful day 
It is a BEAUTIFUL day so i am trying to enjoy it by doing assignments outside 
It is a family day today w/ a stop at garage sale in a sm town on our way to Lucia's 2nd bday!!! She is a cutie! &amp; she is my neice 
it is a perfect day for sitting on the couch with a good book.... (and a good day for ducks, I suppose!) 
It is a rare gorgeous Saturday in the 'Burgh. Feel compelled to take the Schnauzer to the D-O-G P-A-R-K.  Yay - finally dog park w/o mud!
It is a top quality site @soultravelers3 Good for you! 
it is a very interesting flower pot. like a kid  http://bit.ly/yUhWL
It is afternoon time....what do you except?? am feeling sleepy 
it is afternoon! I venture, to do Great* Things! *possibly inconsequential but nevertheless fun things 
it is almost 5 
it is also a very sexy black! with blue leds!! 
It is always sad when you know a friend is going to emigrate. But it's better when they declare it a testimonial year for sports events! 
It is an amazing day today!  So grateful for spring time!  Going outside to appreciate the weather! 
it is an ungodly hour to be awake. off to the beach  yay LBI
It is as if Abrams knows that the only reason we go to see a film like Mission Impossible is so that we can watch some explosions and Tom Cruise run.
It is awesome 
It is beautiful outside! Going out with my mutha and dave for some lunch 
It is bucketing at the moment!!!!... Such a great sound to go to sleep to! 
it is Ca...geez u guys are slow 
It is chilly here in Winnipeg. But I am so glad to be home. Tons of cleaning before the rugrats come home. 
it is definitely time to relax. i've had a very busy week 
IT IS DONE 
IT IS F-UNIT n GINO-ISM time!! 
It is goin to be a hot one! but i love it!!! 
It is gonna be an OOP day early  RB via @star45: hi @crispast @pinkpolkadots @AnitaBreakSoon @kareliz @DJBELL... ? http://blip.fm/~6j0mx
It is hard to make a dreamer happy, because dreamer's dreams keep moving forward. T.D.Jakes very true  (via @AlbertoConde777)
It is hot hot hot HOT today! And i'm diggin it. The Sun is up, the sky is blue.... what could possibly go wrong? 
It is Indianapolis, and it is almost Memorial Day Weekend!  Indy 500 time--and we are really excited about going!    Hooray! 
it is june 2009. twitter has not fixed:  sign in. security. traffic. messaging. high availability. protocols.  yup. i smell ponzi
It is just too lovely outside today. Going to postpone chores to go for a walk and find my next reading book 
It is Monday and I'm done with school till January 20th soo, yay!  Oh well, I still got a job and I'm getting ready for work.
it is now 2:10 in the morning and this is my 808th update 
It is now bed time for me. Cheers  x
It is now half time Lakers doin it big  [Bree.Dee]
it is now my birthday, I am 21 years old 
it is official... my favorite psp game is Naruto Ultimate Ninja 2.  yeah! this game takes me personally to Konoha. )
It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all! 
It is officially the first day of winter! Yay 
It is possible to love an inanimate object ... now whether or not it can love you back is another subject! 
It is raining, mother nature doing her clean.  We now have green grass again and my car is looking the cleanest it has in months 
it is realllllll cold today.. 
It is really really nice out 
It is seriously the prettiest EVER! so excited to spend this glorious day with some of my favorite people, too 
it is slightly annoying when my phone decides to reset itself randomly. church in the morning... yay! VBS meeting tomorrow, too 
It is so beautiful out side today! Dallas is doing the damn thing today  where to first????
It is so exciting to be able to write '19' on all my forms. Makes me feel not-so-young - on the threshold of adulthood! But carefree 
It is so hard to believe that the weekend is almost here already! I need more time but will have to suffer and take the w/e...lol. 
It is so hot in Al Ain. I am drinking cold mango juice. *mjam*  btw: It's all so huge here! *impressed*
It is so much exciting to pay people for their job done 
It is so nice to see all the warm good mornings I got this morning.  i had coffee on my front porch with the sound of my new fountain
It is so rad to be home today....  Ahh... All I have planned is some putzing around and daytime tv. Yay!
it is so true..u dont want to just b standing there u want to b real close to him..like talking 2 him n his arms &amp; your head on his chst 
it is sooo warm, i can't believe how nice it is 
It is such a beautiful day! I hope tomorrow is just as nice so I can go to the beach 
It is such a gorgeous day out! 
It is such a great feeling to be truly loved! My little boy fell asleep in my arms last night as I read to him. It's been a good weekend 
It is sunny and warm outside, today is gonna be a good day 
it is the last day of school and Dawson will be in the first grade when school starts again and Laney in Kindergarten @ the same school 
It is the long weekend, if you are after a stripper and not in the CBD area please book in advance  
It is the Weekend and all I can think about is Jordan getting beat by a girl in boxing.....I need help 
It is time for bed... my poor brain is fried and I need zzzzz's. Wake me in a week 
It is time for me to go for the night. I hope wherever you are, you are having a great time of it. **hugs** for everyone! Goodnight   
it is time now  art is a way of life  http://winner4all.blogspot.com
It is time to do some fly fishing for rainbow trout...in a place where no one will be talking on a mobil phone...they will not work 
it is time to take a sweet nap 
It is too gorgeous outside for me to stay inside. In the spirit of space exploration, am dedicating myself to solar studies today. 
It is waaay to early. &quot;/ headed off to church for my cuzzos communion.  then, SHOPPING!! 
It is way too early to be up right now. Road trip. DC bound 
It is wayyy too early but bamboozle and the cab at 12 
it is weird being happy for no apparent reason 
It Is What It Is...and It Aint What It Aint! 
IT IS!!!  @ArieRich so far ok, the only time I craved meat bad was when I was super hungry! Bcause I didn't knw wht to eat @ times.
It IS.. afterall... Saturday night.    
It just hit me that I have a business trip to Miami on Tuesday and I haven't thought about packing at all. Bad, Mirna, bad! 
it keeps raining!!!!!!!!!!!! hurray!!!!!!!!!! 
It kind of does   I should have just saved my money to have my favorite at @Coldstone !
it looked good!  im glad it was!
It looks beautiful outside. Looks like I'll be cleaning cars today.   #fb
It looks like @timetric is _the _ thing on #seedcamp london. Great to see more infoviz stuff 
it looks like Bing is a hell of a porn browser  http://bit.ly/129K3Y
it looks like im going to have busy work day today, i think i can handle it 
It looks like it will be another glorious day here in central Maine!  Not as hot as yesterday, probably a bit closer to perfect!  
It looks like that Hotttina person on youtube listened to me and closed shop. That makes 2 haters down. Many more too go. 
It looks like today is going to be another beautiful one! Not a cloud in the sky  have to plant out the leeks today!
it looks thin and straggly....not full of life...needs just a trim!!  Thanks BFF!!!  
It looks totally like a pokemon! Good work @KevinFierce 
It makes me giggle when advisors text 
it makes me really happy to see the speedgamers are playing MGS in canonical order 
It makes me smile #6 - Paracet(painkillers) and water  Yes, I got drunk last night :p http://tumblr.com/x9y1ww8gc
it makes sense now. let's roll with this. 
it may seem i hate my job, but i only hate it on monday nights. and sometimes on sundays. 
It might be important to know that my username has officially been changed to Michelle Banzer, which is my real name 
It must be love when you're nose is dripping like a tap and your bf still wants to kiss you. Aww. Thanks for the white hot choc 
It never ceases to amaze me how awesome Standing Stone is. They do SO MUCH fundraising with Juniata groups. Ahhh I love it so much 
it never fails... i always have to go back to work tomorrow, good night. 
it never rains in Southern California...except wenn Charlie is there 
it new beginning for me....finally...the new raine! 
It only helps with PC and Microsoft software at the moment.  We need more support to do Apple stuff so pass the links on   Thanks.
It only seems fair that if she get a pool boy, I get a maid. 
it posts it there 2  #jtv http://justin.tv/scotsmanstuart
It rained in delhi last night.. and morning was breezy  not hot &amp; humid as always ... Good old days are back 
It rains when your here and it rains when your gone 
It really feels like summer todayyy  Tuesday could not come faster...
it really helps- if you want to wake up early- to set your alarm and take your phone off silent  whew!
It 's beautiful evening with cup of coffee! Isn't it !? 
it s raining here...   love the smell of rain on the earth.... 
It seems like everywhere we all had a great weekend, thank you God for this wonderfull two days, now let's hope for an awesome week also! 
it seems like its mothers day everywhere except England! Idc I'm gonna join in too: Happy Mothers Day Mommy 
it seems like summer tonight   
It seems like this day not gonna be so bad after all! STAY ON THE BRIGHT SIDE!! (Like me)  
it seems my universal lesson is to be alone... i've tried to buck against it... i'm too tired to fight it anymore... i'm struggling to be 
it seems that there's no one around tonight, but anyway... goodnight twitter peeps 
It seems that vodka is powerless against my bed, my laptop and my unwatched shows. Hahaha. D-o-r-k! Totally!  But proud to be so. Haha.
it seems, it's stop raining 
It should also be noted, that I'll eat pig skin in almost any incarnation, so really there's no such thing as bad chicharrones. 
It should be 8 weeks, not 4.  Aiming a little too high there me thinks 
It should be required to be lazy on Sunday. 
it smells like summer 
it smells like summer outside.  i dig it.
It snowed!  Okay, there's not enough to build Frosty, but it snowed. As long as it's cold, it might as well snow...Enjoy your day 
it so relates  and im a knob, soz hun, sleep took over, wish id stayed awake, talk to you soon and im off tuesday, ill keep my promise
It sounds like you are having so much fun... keep telling all about it 
It stopped raining.  I am now happy
It sucks, but now it's finished 
it sure is  soulsong4ever, shoot one gets news from round the world...even from the great country of NZ 
It sure is sunny today  ? http://blip.fm/~4oqji
It takes 17 Muscles to Smile &amp; 43 Muscles to Frown. So let's  today!
It takes me foreverrr to scoot my butt off this bed so that Will doesn't wake up. All I want is a bagel with cream cheese. MM. 
it tickles in my tummy, he's so yummy yummy 
it took 4 days for my pic to upload lol geez thanks twitter god's 
It took days to type this  re: http://ff.im/3vMwf
It took me a while to get my printer working. Luckily brother makes linux drivers. Have you looked at my resume?! Ha 
It took me about a year after to watch the first Twilight..But not for &quot;New Moon&quot; Booyah! 
It took me every ounce of willpower to order the Health Breakfast and NOT the eggs, bacon, waffle and syrup stack! *sigh* I did it though 
It took me FOREVER to figure out what to write for my twitter &quot;bio.&quot; Im thoroughly happy with my selection. 
It took me three tries but dammit I finally got the perfect sunnyside up egg 
It took us like twenty minutes to find a button that flew somewhere. Guess who found it? Duh, me, not matt 
IT TURNED OUT GREAT!   
It was a baby mammoth, and yes if you like animals it's a tear jerker 
it was a beautiful day! and a great race.  and my boo tucked me in on the couch with monkey so that my eyes could recover from pollen 
It was a beautiful morning for flying, but it didn't last long.  Getting ready for a fun week.
it was a fun dance  haha me and andrea all looking at the guy getting arrested. hahah p2!
It was a good day 
It was a good day  http://twitpic.com/5eqz9
It was a good night 
It was a good weekend, we watched Crank (the first one), moved in new furniture, and was allowed to catch up on sleep.  I can't complain 
It was a great night 
It was a great weekend @ church wit Dr Steve Munsey (awesome!!) Will be booking in very very soon...back in 5 days' time...bye! 
it was a long, good day  now im watching the bachelorette and resting!!!
It was a lovely day...Go Ducks! Sweet Dreams 
it was a nice day outside today  hockey tonight and work tomorrow should be good fun very pumped here will be photos 
it was a nice mother's day. I went to the gator festival, nice cajun music, creole food, dancing, and then had dinner w/ mom. 
it was a perfect weekend 
it was a very good win for JT on Survivor: Tocantins.  he deserves it more than anyone else of this season.
it was about time  the pbx is now working, I'm a happier person now 
it was actually really fun   we painted marine guys faces 
it was all done without me lifting a little ting finger 
It was all politics &amp; well, trump's not the brightest bulb - remember him &amp; Rosie here while back? ugh.   brandi
it was also home opener in Lorain for North Coast Knight (independent college baseball league), so lorain swimming in good basebal today 
It was an awesome labor day weekend.  had fun with friends! 
it was awesome seeing old friends at hell city today. new jewelery is always awesome too. 
It was awesome to hear @jaykpurdy tell me &quot;Nice meeting you!!!&quot; yesterday!!! it was nice meeting you too jayk! 
it was balls out, dahling.  
It was cute.... today is her birthday, so he wrote &quot;Will you marry me?&quot; on her birthday cake and stuck the ring in it. 
It was entertained to be in the street w/vivian painting butterflies &amp; spiderman &amp; others things to the kids  hahah Has anybody done it?
It was fun discovering the tea house  Thanks for exploring frmrs mkt with me, hope you guys enjoy the bunny plants.
it was f-u-n yesterday  i love my familya
It was FUNN! good day! 
it was funny with @liiiindsaay! rabbit! 
It was good 2 see everyone this weekend someone else needs 2 get married so we can all hang out again whos up 4 it 
It was great @SBQ_Deville @BADNEWZZ @MissKsyn @Souly25 it was a reunion to celebrate Jazzo's grad  we are proud of u mama....
It was great def want to go back sometime in my life  got a serious cold I think I have strep :-/
It was great seeing you today @missrogue. Thanks for brunch! I hope you enjoy your new intention book.  May all your intentions come true!
It was great sleeping as a winner, how was yours? 
It was great to see Paul Potts again on BGT. Wierd to think I sat next to him at School with him and worked at Tesco at the same time! 
It was her best friend who killed her. I can already tell by the beginning of the show. Watching cold case! 
It was here when I joined a couple of months ago; got used to it. Trendy thing not as fun; also we fear change  ~~
It was in love i was created and in love is how i hope i die. Beautiful lyrics. 
It was indeed the least they could do! Have you started writing your angry letter to the Menzies hotel? I'm gonna write my blog tonight 
It was just one of those nights that everyone was on the same &quot;fun&quot; train  The dance floor was packed each song.  So good you couldn't sit
it was like christmas in our house this morning. we had loads of parcels. i got my 3 said it al singles  and we got the tickets for 23 ...
It was nice hanging out with Jennifer watching Up since I never really hang out with her so its cool and taking pictures 
it was nice seeing both jons today 
It was nice seeing Fee again  and of course, being with the BG team.. Now off to spend some time alone with Love. Hehh.
It was nice to take a little break and see a movie, now I have to get back to work. Talk to everyone later 
it was no nice to have a free day.. no school or work! relaxing and watching american idol 
It was quite a weekend!!!!  6 girls &amp; a bachelorette Friday night, Theo chocolate tour, NW Emmy's, Bra Designer Fashion show...I'm tired 
It was quite hilarious....  
It was raining Angels and Demons outside. 
It was raining now the sun is shining. 
IT WAS SAID THERE WOULD BE A BLACK PRESIDENT WHEN PIGS COULD FLY...100 DAYS LATER...SWINE FLU!!!  HA HA HA  just playing with you 
It was so beautiful out today that my husband and I took a ride out into the country side. 
It was so funny at work.  They're all crazy and because of that I love them so much. â™¥
it was so hot today OH MY seriously! i was sweating like crazy..not crazy crazy but yea 
it was so nice 2 meet all 3 of the guys after the show  i was able 2 get a hug 4m each of them &amp; tell Zac how much they mean 2 me.
It was soo good lastnight my twitpic thing isn't working but the pictures are on fb for those of you who have me 
it was SOOO simple...but i knew i would get it!!  *smiles REALLY big* good night!
It Was Still Good Though... Goodnight Or Good Morning Twitterville 
It was worth it @blktgr 
It was yum 
It was yummy...dinner just wasn't the same without y'all 
it was.  I love her  Megan, you're amazing!!!
It went great!  I think I got it. I just need a health card and work permit.  yay Hahaha
it went great! the interviewed said i was born for this  roflz
It will 
it will be all about tech stuff. i will even show you how to create your own midis if i get enough requests 
It will be alright 
it will be my musical companion for the evening now ! 
It wont melt. Trust me. It hasnt 
It worked!!  crap now it will come on facebook... Ahh I shouldn't have activated that thing lol
It worked!!!!!  Only took about 15 million attempts, but Mei now has pretty lavender eye chips 
it worked. 
It worked. Cool AND the gang! 
It works  Gonna cuddle my sweet doggy to sleep now. This is how she normally sleeps  http://twitpic.com/7i6e8
it works  re: http://ff.im/1Yb1B
it works now @pinot &amp; @ditut  #fb
it works!!!!! add twitter@aaronsplace.co.uk to your msn 
It would be cool if there was spell-check in CeTwit!  
It would be perfect if @mitchelmusso @mileycyrus @themasonmusso and @tracecyrus ALL touring together! 
It would be very interesting to fell in love with vampire. 
it would have been a month yesterday 
It WOULD have to rain on my moving day, but thank the Lord I've got movers, holler OZ movers! 
It would make me happy if I could shank this bitch  
it wouldnt anyway.we had us just for ourselves yesterday.it wouldnt ruin it.i love you veronica and dont you forget about it 
It. Is. Done. YES! If I'm lagging at my Twitter replies, please forgive me. You know what I'll be doing!  (xx @scorpiojerm @quietletters)
it`s alive!!!!!!!!!! in sfarsit, primul meu post pe blog  http://www.concediaza-ti-seful.ro/
It`s awesome following people because you get to see all the tweets on one page !   
It'a really cozy here, on the couch in the living room, in the dark, listening to the rain crash on the window 
ItÂ´s many things I canÂ´t live without, but one thing I must have everyday otherwise I canÂ´t get trough the day is saft 
itÂ´s sooo damn hot...need a break 
Itâ€™s already 10:33 PM here in Philippines. Good night guys! 
Itâ€™s rare indeed that an aggressive dog is a dominant dog. Most cases of aggression are triggered by fear 
Italian for dinner. Yumm!  http://myloc.me/2VLj
Italian National Holiday tomorrow! Parade and beach 
Italian style coffee with fresh cream - what a joy in the late afternoon 
Italian techno music is AWESOME! 
Italy 3-1 USA. Wooo nice 
Italy-Booked! France-Booked! Went for a run. Sun is shining! it's been a good day so far 
itching to shoot a wedding.. SOMEONE GET MARRIED!! hahahaha 
It'd be really cool if it started to rain right NOW so the Americana would empty out 
Itd be shitty. If they did that then water ballooned thr gym. 
it'd be very cool to be able to go to South Africa for World cup next year. just a wishful thought 
Items on my To-Buy list: jeans, heels, eyeliner, and a graduation dress 
ith pure water. Hebrews 10:22 brought to you by Suzie&amp;Nancie  powered by Jesus&lt;3
Itï¿½s Ikea-Time! 
Itï¿½s simple &amp; fun ... you'r  back from the desert and 10x to vufone auto-share to Facebook, all your buddies can see where u been 
Itlian voice... stay... Nek-Quï¿½date  ? http://blip.fm/~7cdj5
it'll blow over... Time heals 
It's #Follow Friday! The day to make new friends 
It's #Followfriday today so gotta start. Lots to do!! 
It's (new, hot pink) ugg-boots, cup of tea and Timtam weather 
it's *ironic* when you seek for *greener pastures* and you end up in *Saudi*  http://plurk.com/p/oypgn
It's ?lrigt, ok?y  ... I'm so much better without u ... I won't be sorry 
It's @andremichelle s (mr. tonematrix) birthday today. Poor guy is ill at home. Perhaps a 'hi' from the twittersphere would do some good 
It's @brittanydaly birthday today! 
its [11:14am] wayyyy to early for me to be up!!!! 
It's 0055 so it's time for bed as I have to be back at work in 15hrs 50 mins time 
It's 06:42 why am I up? Good morning 
It's 1 am and I have work from 7-4. Two hours of running around like a chicken with my head cut off. Followed by show from 6-11. Woo!! 
its 1:01 AM... im tired.. goodnight twitterererererers  hehe
Its 1:15 am 
Its 1:25 in the morning, but the movie The Game Plan is almost over. 
its 10 past 1 in the morning. goodnight. world. 
its 10:30 i should probably go to bed. school tomorrow. but nahh i will just sleep through school  listening to taylor swifts cd 
Its 11 11 
Its 11:11 
Its 11:11  make a wish
It's 11:11 i know what we're all wishing for 
Its 11:11 make a wish 
It's 11:11, make a wish 
Its 11:11...make a wish! 
It's 11:43 my time and I haven't eat breakfest yet. I should, 'cause my bro is going home and he'll eat it all before me  Happy FRing!
It's 12 a.m. and not sleepy at all....I think cause I took a 3hr nap &lt;wink&gt; 
It's 12.00pm and im still in my PJ's god i love lazy non working days. 
It's 12:10 in Shreveport Louisiana soo goodnight!! Church tomorrow 
its 19 o'clock here, and feeling like bed already, but am mega excited for im a celeb USA which hits the british tv's on Monday 
Its 19.20pm in here.. I have to go now!  I'll see u in a while.. Yeah.. Im an addict =( hahaha
it's 2:15 am and im sitting here..... being tired good night 
its 2:25 am, and i'm watching the Titanic ... AGAIN 
its 2:30 am and I'm reading Eclipse  books about vampires are always better late at night
its 2:30PM right now so that means only 1hour and 50 mins left 
It's 2:40 in the morning and I'm exhausted. I lost three hours of sleep this morning. Oh well. Good night everyone! 
Its 2:45AM right now &amp; i guess im going 2 try to read 'Catcher in the Rye' If not i'll go 2 bed then  gooooood night LoVeS, SAYAN@.
It's 239 am. Time for falafals.  in New York, NY http://loopt.us/aAXpmg.t
it's 2am  party again ?? Yep  hah
its 2am... goin to bed... i'll be up at 7....eehh??!!**&gt;&gt;&lt;&lt;&lt;AL:J      ...I love life  
It's 3 AM. I just changed the site layout around a bit. Check it out!  http://vivid-avenue.net
it's 3 minutes to 1 and i'm sitting in bed with my beautiful 2 kids singing 'row row row ur boat....' half asleep 
It's 3.30am  damn..xD so tired but so interesting right now 
It's 3:13am I'm going to sleep . Good night , Twitter World ! Sweet dreams  http://myloc.me/3Th2
It's 3:30 am and I got the sudden urge to watch SouthPark... Problem... I have to get up for class at six. Bummer. KENNY RULES. 
It's 3:30pm now  Ice cream? It will go well with the weather here  haha. Wow! I think i'm going to eat much today  haha! want some? 
Its 3:34 am...and I'm telling Demi what a huge inspiration she is to me...i just really hope she replies one day. that would be awesome. 
It's 3:40am and I'm finally going to bed. Nice thing too is that I get to listen to the rain outside while I pass out 
it's 3:45 am, and i just got home. i love summer 
Its 4 AM and I'm awake? Crazyness... Tomorrow..well today... is a busy busy day! fantastic buenas noches   back to bed! 
Its 4 am, i should really be in bed but im watching rascal flatts videos &lt;3 im in the bob that head vid. 
It's 4 in the morning and i'm walking while jamming out to The Summer Set 
Its 4:20....time fer bed 
Its 4:Yucky in the morning 
its 4-3 now, Sod still down a break. Sod is playing well, but just not able to match Fedex's class  #frenchopen
Its 4am - just got home 
Its 4am and just learning to tweet.  aren't you proud?!
Its 4am just got home from and I'm in bed, I could seriously sit and talk with them for hours. Love em 
Its 5 something in the morning and Im just gettin home...man you have no idea how dope everything was and the night ended with a kiss 
It's 5:30am Good morning 
It's 5:45am. I'm up and at it! Bout to go for hike, I'll twitpic the view from the top of the mountain! It's beautiful!  xoxo.
It's 6:30 AM &amp; Madi is up &amp; dressed--it must be VBS week 
It's 66 and beautiful, taking my run outside 
It's 7:00am on a Saturday, and I'm awake. I've been up since 5:43am. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?  Off to get breakfast... my tummy's grumbling 
its 7:18 i'm awake refreshed  getting dressed heading out for coffee and class...todays gonna be a good day
It's 7am &amp; LVaTT is already the # 3 Album on iTunes!!! 
it's 8 a.m. and i have my 1. coffee 
It's 80 degrees and it's snowing 
Its 8am nd I'm up 4 no reason...smh...goodmornin brothers 
It's 9 am and @mjfender isn't here yet 
its a b.e.a.utiful day and im going to enjoy it 
its a beautiful #andyhurleyday in the neighborhood 
its a BEAUTIFUL day  i miss my peeps from austin! wish you all were here! @melindajane @pamelatyll @sambruckner and you too!
its a beautiful day and going down to the hotel where we are getting married to finalize everything only 3 weeks to go 
it's a beautiful day at the oasis 
it's a beautiful day for a bike ride!! woo 
it's a beautiful day for mother's day 
Its a beautiful day in Mccarren Park in Brooklyn. I am loving life so much right now 
Its a beautiful day in NYC  Getting the hair did @dramahair in Scarsdale ... What's on everyones agenda today?
Its a beautiful day in ohio, and I am feeling a lot better. Thank you Lord. 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood... 
It's a beautiful day not working 
Its a beautiful day out 
Its a beautiful day outside. Awake too early. Walking to work. Working 1130 to 900 
It's a beautiful day so I'm going to go out and spray paint a tee 
Its a beautiful day to be mothers day! I love you SO much, mom! More than you can know! Happy Mothers day to all the moms! You rock! 
It's a beautiful day to drop off my lit paper. 
It's a beautiful day!!! 
It's a beautiful day, and a young lady at my work is wearing black pedal pushers. She suits them 
Its a beautiful day. 
it's a beautiful day. 
it''s a beautiful day. going to the park with some of my favorite puppies 
It's a beautiful day... Don't let it get away 
Its a beautiful in the neighborhood, a beautiful day neighborhoood. Will u be mine, won't be u b mine? Won't u be my neighbor... 
It's a beautiful Monday! Start it off right with Oatmeal 
It's a beautiful morning  ppl are missin tho
It's a beautiful morning to be at Epcot 
It's a beautiful morning.    Now I've got that Rascals song stuck in my head. LOL!
it's a beautiful rainy day 
its a beautiful saturday here in columbus  enjoy it while it lasts!
it's a beauuuuutiful day in the neighborhood 
Its a beeeeautiful day for a phils game 
it's a big day at keller williams... growth and anxiexy go hand in hand... 
It's a big day for the Geekadelphia crew. Off to Manayunk to work on a special project! In the hood? Join us! 
it's a bit chilly on the willy 
It's a bit geeky how excited I get when I get a new commentary - today's is Brazos Press, pastoral epistles with Philemon and Jude 
It's a bit rainy in Liverpool this morning. Travelling on our 0748 breakfast trial train supporting our teams. If you are on it say hi! 
it's a blast finding all these bands and following them on Twitter. especially since they all seem to be working on new albums. 
Its a blessing we r this far and still counting. And that nurse brings me extra snacks. Dont know why. Do i look hungry or something? 
it's a bluebird sky day on the beach! Happy Sunday everyone  @OceanIsleInn
It's a boy baby! 
It's a BOY!!!   7lbs 1.9 ounces  Plenty of hair, and cute.    Kathryn did great, and is recovering.  Now we just need the name...
It's a Boy/girl Thing â™¥ sooo awesome movie!!! please,watch it:http://koukej.xkrat.cz/viewtopic.php?f=5&amp;t=13061 but you must register! 
Its a boyy!!!! I knewww it! Yay I'm gonna have another nephew! 
it's a breautiful day  chilling out listening to red dragon fm
It's a bummer I can't get JB's new cd at midnight, but ima get it bright and early tomorrow morning, I promise! 
its a command line client for twitter. feed back is required.. 
It's a damn shame how the starbucks guy knows me cause were there so much. And I almost ran over Haylee in the McDonalds parking lot. 
It's a do-nothing Sunday, before my world changes in 5 days when two of my closest friends move to ATL! 
It's a fabulous day in new england 
It's a fabulous rainy Monday mornin!  No sarcasm here, seriously ... about to bring (free) food to my elderly friends!   I love Mondays!
it's a friday once again! looking forward to my foot reflexology massage. have a great weekend everyone! 
its a full day already. two new projects 
its a good day 
It's a good day 
it's a good day already  SINE DIE!
It's a good day to be a Paguyo. My cousin just had her first mall show for her collection. She's the only reason I know I'm not adopted. 
It's a good song eh Becca? 
It's a gorgeous Sunday here! I can't wait to grill! 
It's a great day for getting stuff done 
Its a great day to be outside 
it's a great day until now! 
It's a great feeling to be connected to a network of over 500 techies  God bless twitter!
Its a great feeling when you run into the wrong person... it makes you feel good, because you know you are with the right person 
it's a happy day ^ ^ and I thank God for the weather (so not)  lol, it is indeed a happy day though 
It's a happy day on the net when Michael Sheen posts photos!  
It's a heads up  I'm 200.000 chips behind right now
its a holiday! 
It's a huge jewelry-making day here at the ranch. I have another store lined up..... 
its a lazy day today 
It's a little rainy - but still heading out to hopefully catch that self-defense seminar.  Tee hee hee.  
It's a little weird without him...they still did amazing though!  @tccrt3r did AMAZING for his first show!!! 
it's a live show... you all have to watch it tonight. Maybe you'll see me 
its a love story baby just say yessssssss 
Its a love story, baby just say Yes. 
It's a lovely birthday morning in Maine.  
It's a lovely day! 
its a lovely morning 
It's a lunch time 
its a mans world...  â™« http://blip.fm/~7ft2g
its a miracle i can walk; congrats to everyone last night! 
It's a morning for pancakes, bacon, and Tom &amp; Jerry. 
its a movie marathon ...Inkheart, Pride and Prejudice  and Mostly Ghostly.. i love   R.L.  Stine's GooseBumps 
Its a new day! Feeling better and optimistic for a change 
Its a new day. Putting the past behind me. I'm feeling good and thankful for my family. Too blessed to be stressed 
Its a new feeling that Im enthusiastic to explore  
it's a nice cool day today   
it's a nice day outside, tea and tobacco have been a nice addition to that 
It's a nice evening for some Dairy Queen ice cream 
It's a nice gloomy day in vegas. I hope it rains so I can go smoke on the balcony and enjoy the rain all kinds of high 
It's a nice Saturday. Ran some errands, ate one of my favorite lunches and now it's back to the apt for some movies. 
It's a perfect day outside. If It's nice where you're at, take a walk in the park or something 
it's a perfect day to graduate 
its a perfect night to Fuck next to a bonfire  wish i was  Hearts &amp; stars
its a perfect op for everyone to advertise their blogs 
It's a Peter &amp; Gordon morning  -&gt; And I, go to pieces and I wanna hide / Go to pieces and I almost die / Ever... ? http://blip.fm/~5yk38
It's a pity Spymaster has to bring 'attacking' into it. 20th century thinking. Would much rather support tweeple in positive ways! 
It's a pretty day to sit at the cemetary and eat lunch 
It's a pretty good night.  i missed this. Work will suck in the am tho. /j/
Its a rainy night...Im chilling enjoyin my hot green tea and reflecting on the week. Life is great when u slow down and enjoy quietness 
It's a rainy NYC day.. wish I were home in my PJ's 
its a rare saturday off and its GP day so the fun of qualifying + little chef for breakie before my road trip to get into my flat + car  
its a sat nght .. im cuddled up in a blanket in a candle lit room watching a moooowie ... alone 
Its a shopping saturday! Yay!! 
It's a small world after all...at lulu's 
it's a small world. tonight i was reunited with some people i knew from childhood days. 
Its a Sunday!! Don't have to wake up earlier today.. 
It's a sunny and windy morning this morning, a good cheerful start to the week after breaking myself at the weekend 
it's a sunny day in nashville. i'm going to enjoy it and hula hoop in the yard with the puppy 
It's a sunny day, church is packed it's great! Bring on an awesome day  
It's A Sunshine Day!! 
its a super foggy creepy night out.... im glad im safe in my bed 
it's a vhs movie night 
It's a wash/cleaning/get stuff together day... followed by afternoon in the park 
it's a wrap!!! Thx u for coming 
Its about 12:40 and the fire alarm went off a few minutes ago. Now back inside the building 
its about 4:25ish in the morning.. not really tired but i probably should go to sleep anyway.. nightnight 
it's about damn time that I got rid of the extra *bullshit* baggage!! 
it's about time OK got some nice weather, can't wait to bask in the sunny 80s all week 
It's about time this gayer came on twitter! @hayleygiles 
Its about to go down gangstermichelleluvstyle!! Heehee  let's make this rock
It's actually sunny for once in northern Ireland !! 
its after 2am and I am still up downloading #otalia clips...how crazy am I???  
It's after 5! That means it's G&amp;T time! Be sure to ad a twist of lime 
it's ahyajriah!!! thank u!!! 'preciate it....luv ahyajriah!!! 
it's Alex' birthday party on Friday 
It's Alive! Alive!That flaky 5 year old dusted out piece of crap is alive!! And running Linux, now to figure out how to use it 
It's all about favour from GOD 
It's all about focus, keep your eye on what really is the prize. I mean really what else matters. 
It's all about the BBQ  hot dogs in the sun   http://twitpic.com/7javx
it's all about the climb 
its all about the climb  and u better no it ............
It's all about yooooou 
it's all for sentimental reasons 
its all good! Im lovin it! 
its all over for another year  5 passes would be lovley!
It's All Over For This Morning! C'Ya TwitterBand...Good Afternoon 
its all so clear now 
its all ur fault u called me beautiful 
It's almost 11am PST! (or 2pm EST) Check out www.LAGenX.com internet radio! I'll be featured on there 
it's almost 12 and i never studied.. oh wellz, i calculated my marks and the least i could get it 67.5%  OH YEAH!
It's almost 6 AM. I think it might be time for me to finally call it a 'night'.  See ya on the flipside.
It's almost CONAN TIME! I have missed him. 
its almost dinner time!!!! 
It's almost midnight and I'm running around like a chicken with it's head cut off. Miguel is sound asleep. I should slap him. 
its almost supper here  im not hungery not feeling well girr i hate being sick
It's almost tiiiime!! 
it's almost time for my boyfriend to come home. mega excited. 
It's almost time to get EXTREEEEEME... who wants to come over for chicken wings, pizza &amp; the PPV on the big screen? 
it's alot of peoples b'day today. the 2 i know are Pete Wentz and Pierre Bouvierre. soo happy birthday to you two awesome dudes 
It's already 3:30am in the morning! I'm still enjoying chatting with MEP chat mates! 
It's already hot out. 
Its already warm outside! 
It's Alright, OK ... I'm so much better without you ! 
It's Alright, Ok I'm so much better without you! 
Its alright. Its ok 
It's Alright; It's Ok. I'm so much better without you 
its also amazing how happy a trip to asda with your family can make you  x
It's also fun trying to dodge being the center of the gossip in a small town 
its always a good  morning when i get to wake up next to Ryan 
Its always a good thing to feel confident with who you are, but always remember &quot;Pride goeth before the fall&quot;. 
It's always a joy to get called in the middle of the night 
it's always hard to find a decent picture to use in your profile 
It's always nice to be appreciated - even if I don't think twice about doing it.  Thanks @chrisilluminati. http://bit.ly/A9Duz
It's amazing how 3 words can change the day #happy mothers day 
It's amazing how many really interesting people there are 
it's amazing how many website designs are inspired by Apple. talk about power of the brand 
It's amazing how much more productive one can be when the phone isn't ringing off the hook  Off to have ice cream w/ the youth group kids!
it's amazing how other people are good at putting it in just one line. i'm challenged. 
Its amazing how u think its safe to say something and then find out. U have no outlet what so ever Megs 
its amazing seriosly you have to get it!!! 
It's amazing the difference a shower can make after getting only 3 hours of sleep.  #readathon
its amazing the things u can get done when u can't be on twitter 
Its amazing what a breath of 'fresh' air can do for your perspective... I'm not mad anymore 
Its amazing what clearing cache and cookies does. Google browser gmail and docs are back on my G1 
It's amazing what lemonade, friendship, poetry, and beautiful song birds can do for someone feeling down. My friend feels better now! 
Its amazing what problems a reboot will fix, twidroid all working now 
Its American newspapers fault if they are dying. they should have employed In-House SEOs to maximize SEs traffic &amp; generate $ out of it 
it's an amazing day out. I vote picnic. 
it's an amazing world where a hug can go from twitter to GTalk to a BB and then be delivered by a cell phone. high tech love at it's best 
It's an awesome day when you wake up &amp; find your friends have your son for the rest of the day. Now what to do? 
it's another #NASCAR day folks! 
It's another beautiful Saturday in Paradise...off to enjoy the day! 
its another bee-you-ti-ful day in socal. as usual 
It's another GORGEOUS day out on the eastern plains on the ranch!  
it's another nice day 
it's another pool day!  
Its at this time of month that i can wear my B cup bras 
It's awesome that all those who participated in my 100 songs meme are doing their own thing. No 2 blog posts have the exact same premise. 
It's awesome to be the wildest animals at the zoo with your family 
Its awesome waking up my bus kids for church. After 10 rings of the doorbell,they should wake up. C'mon! 
Its awsome... when you know, that you know, that you know! 
It's BBQ weather yay! Try Holy Cow! Serious Sauces! Introductory offer of 99p has been extended in ASDA! 
It's be cool to be a dinosaur. RAWWWWR. 
Its beautiful day in Montana this Mothers Day...Happy Mothers Day 
its beautiful day in ohio.. time to get outa bed  lots to do!
It's beautiful outside  let's go play. Like, really.
its beautiful outside. get off the computer and go outside 
It's beautiful, sunny and warm. I'm going to church this morning, and I cannot wait. Have a good day twitterers! 
It's because you have to know!!! Grand Opening of SUITE Saturday Nights in Hollywood... 21 &amp; over... http://twitpic.com/7h9v4 ...FLYER 
It's bedtime baby - hoping for good news in the morning 
Its been 3 days in a row that I would be going to bed, while the sun is just about to wake up to start the day :p Goodnight people! 
it's been 3 days...did y'all miss me? i didn't think so.  happy monday!
it's been a beautiful morning http://bit.ly/AUGNx  
its been a chill day just playing guitar and doing absoloutely nothing  lol
its been a fabulous day 
it's been a fun day, but now it's time for the wwe raw 3 hour special. It starts @ 6pm here in Canada 
its been a goood night  hahahaaa nytnyt girlssssss xoxoxoxo
It's been a great day!!  Moved into our new house, got our animals out of the kennel &amp;&amp; bought a black bear hamster!! 
its been a grrreat sunday. for the most part 
It's been a hectic morning... lots of preparations, but I'm finally all packed and ready to go! Just waiting on time to pass 
Its been a long day up @ 7 school til 3 wedding@ 5  it was a good day&amp;watching my nephew right now sleepn away and its good ily all nite
it's been a long day. i've had to entertain guests, kept my computer busy, &amp; had my best friend Pandora join me on twitter  Good Night 
It's been a long time since I've watched the sun rise. 
It's been a nice cozy night with @SN8KEe.  Excited to marry that guy.... but for now?  Excited for sleep. 
its been a night of watchin musicals. First Mamma Mia and then Hairspray.. and now i feel like dancing. Anyone wanna join me? 
it's been a pretty good night  good food with good company and now hanging out with kris
It's been a tiring day. Time to sleep. Good night tweets 
it's been a while (since I last used mbpidgin) 
It's been a while I didn't play @atmosphir. Tonight, I will! 
it's been a while that I haven't been updated... I'll be gone for a while again I guess. Just wanna say, miss you guys! 
it's been a while. Andrew invited me to Pittsburgh! 
Its been ages since I listened 2 Goldfrapp. But now I do n its amazing. 
It's been an eventful day with some real quality time...now making dinner with Amelia and maybe a movie too? Who even knows... 
It's been awhile since I visited here. 
It's been exactly a year ! 
It's been forever sense I have been on here.  I missed it.
its been guessed. that answer was a dragonfly xD I shall post next question soon 
It's been over 3 years since the glory of The Fall of Troy graced my ears, and 2 this day it's still as amazing. Thank u @Thomas_of_Troy. 
its been over a year since i graduated from high school..wow. and i've already completed a year of college..amazing. kyle &lt;3 
its been pouring with rain for 2 days maybe we wont have water restrictions after this rain i hope so 
It's been quite a day... Excuse The Mess press is ready to go... and you wont believe who's headling!! 26th June... say peeled! 
its been quite a weekend 
it's been quite awhile since i last listened to jonas brothers' year 3000. nice song 
It's been raining for a week straight. Haha. Good, now everything's cleaned out!  ~ Sudoku and mochi with grandmother before bed &lt;3
its been so long since I actually I-socialized like this! 
It's been so long since when i touch the pc!!but no friendsters,multiply,plurk allowed only TWITTER..haha 
It's been such a crazy, long day today! I am off to bed now! Have a great night to all! Big Smiles! 
its been such a long day...sleep time  zzz
Its been too long since ive been able to hav one of these kinda nights. Yay por gasolina!!! Bahaha. 
it's Blockbuster week in New Zealand - &quot;Wolverine&quot; tomorrow followed by &quot;Star Trek&quot; on Thursday! 
it's bloody boiling even though its only like 18 degrees lmao. i really should get in the sun more often 
it's bloody warm. Gimme ice 
It's BOLT Time! 
its bout 2 eat not @ home 
It's Children's Day today!!!  I'm celebrating  - are you?
It's Child's Day today over here! I almost forgot!  Happy Child's Day everyone!
its clear!! Yeyy! haha  but,why this hurt cant go out.
its close 2 4am &amp; i still cant sleep kolya my dog is keeping me company wish he could talk 
its cold and im watchin lion king 
It's cold but cosy 
It's cold outside &amp; nice &amp; warm in. Almost finished knitting a hot water bottle cover 
it's cold. I'm sick. blah. Going to mades casa. The Liz and Richie later? 
its complicated hahahhahahahaa 
It's Conan Day!  Go out and enjoy this day!   #tonightshow #conanobrien
Its cool tho I plan on partying hard next weekend.. so I'm good.. 
It's da simple things 
It's damn freezing outside.. Brr... I think I caught a cold.. head hurts, I might have dain bramaged 
Its darker than i wanted... But its cute! 
It's D-Day. Thanks to all those who did the England proud 65 years ago in Normandy  ohhhh yea! http://tinyurl.com/qsnva6
Its def a laings beer garden day 
Its deffo a good night to be out  mojos tonight with the mandem. BOP!
It's definitely ease my mind! That or to know you actually cheated on me because I then will know for sure that it wasn't me! 
It's definitely not a diet day. About to enjoy some cheese and spinach pie followed by apricot tart with cream. Yum! 
It's Derby day! sooo excited 
Its difficult to make rice crispies when the marshmallow starts to harden and you dont have enough cereal in the bowl. Lol. 
It's drizzling! Yay! Looks like someone heard my prayer 
Its dry !! been for my walk and have come home with dry paws  Met a funny looking dog and boy did he stink. Worse than a wet human urgh
it's early and i'm up!Lots of french today..have to learn for the LAST french test in my life! How does that sound?! 
its early man. i have an exam to take! wish me luck  xo
It's either going to be that, or an albino Gopher snake. (http://bit.ly/KQ09z) It's doubtful that they'd have those at the show, tough. 
It's Eldora Time..Great Event 
Its Even! {Goodnight} Gonna See My Tank-Tank Later 
It's feeling like a rum morning. Oh yeah, I'm drinking on the fire escape today. 
Its fiesta tomo! Have to sleep early and prepare for the celebr8n. 
Its finally Friday! Only one more week of school and I'm offically a senior! yay 
ITS FINALLY FRIDAY!!!  YAY YAY YAY
its finally getting a bit refreshing with some rain!! lolxz well im studyin my butt of for my finalss... 
It's finally let me sign on without breaking! 
It's finally raining! Perfect weather to curl up with a book. 
Its finally sunny    I also get to be with him today!
Its fine 
it's fine 
it's five in the morning and i'm sitting on my bed with Dexter (@dexterkitten) listening to Puscifer! (@mjkeenan) much love to both  &lt;3&lt;3
its flagrantly that neither can u  i love u .. and i seriously want to have u back (: &lt;3 hope u know that no one can ever love u like i do
It's Fleet Week in New York - I remember being there back in '01...*sigh* 
It's Follow Friday and I think you're all wonderful!  First 5 people to tell me what they're doing this holiday wknd I'll FF!    
Its Follow Friday Soooooo - I'll get @IamSpectacular to Follow @Kaye_Lovely (Bi-Sexual Brat Twit Sis) - While Charming @Diznee on a Date 
ITS FOLLW ME FRIDAY dammit yup IF I DONT do it who will  lololol www.onthebside.com
it's free to follow me 
It's Friday  #Follow Friday THKU @dancingqueen @teamwinnipeg @zup2u2 @PARKPLACEMTG @MATT_369 @valenzetti @Triplebeamsheme @annamartins
Its friday  Too bad everyone else around me has off from school except our school lameeeee haha cya&lt;3 @Bennot You me and Jen should hang!!
Its Friday and I just got paid... its a great day in the neighborhood! 
it's friday and i'm getting a puppy today 
it's Friday and its sunny  
Its friday and not on 24x7 standby....drink for me tonight.. 
It's Friday night, the work week is over, Danika is here , going out to dinner tonight  yay!
It's Friday nite &amp; da plan iz to juss stay home &amp; chillax..BUT..dat Friday feelin iz still happenin 
its FRIDAY!  aww...yes!
It's friday!  feeling good at the moment off to school then vlogging abit when I get home 
It's Friday! An my class is having a Luau party at lunch. Too bad work implies a lack of drinks... 
Its Friday! Its payday! So im buggering off early 
It's FRIDAY! You know what that means? Tomorrow's a wedding 
ITS FRIDAY!!  atl july 10th? we better.
It's Friday!!! Tons 2 do today including an important meeting &amp; after that sushi for lunch...have a great one people 
its friday!!! YAY! 
It's Friday!!!! I Cross my Fingers for Ashleys Soundcheck!  You are the Best!!!
its friday, I am think Pizza 
Its Friday, I am working 1/2 day and off to a hen's party tonight...... roll on weekend!! 
it's Friday, sun is shining, it's hot. One problem....I'm at work!! Living for the weekend!! 
Its friday. You know what that means  ha.
it's friday....new friends? 
its friday-i'm in love 
it's fridya...still at work.. but i don't want to!!!! i want to go home 
its from laughing my ass off yesteray watching Russel Peters  HES A LEGEND! 
its fucking Friday  and I'm going over Ell's ))
It's fun 
it's fun following famous people  Also it's fun telling 2 followers that I'm following famous people.
It's funny how I thought Metro Station was weird and now I like them.  http://plurk.com/p/xunrg
its funny how people can forget their anger with the arrival of other people they least expect to see 
its funny how people reply to celebs even though they could care less, but its fun 
it's funny how we always try to make things more complicated than they really are...Twitter is not confusing 
It's funny the things U can learn about friends you've known for years. A friend told me 2night that she collects butterflies.Who knew?! 
It's funny when baby learns what the phone ringing sound is and she runs towards the phone everytime it rings. 
IT'S GETTING BRIGHT OUTSIDE! yes this amuses me, geez  phew,got all the partying out of my system to last me till i get back from CALI
It's getting colder,my summer is over 
It's getting late, better turn in...nahhh I can hang a few more hours 
its getting late, goodnight world 
It's ging-a-degrading-song-day today! 
Its girly time  PROM!!!!!
its gives me pleasure to spend time with my grandmother &amp; to give her a foot massage is a heavenly exp., for a while I forget everything 
It's glorious outside, have you seen the sun? New ES album is amazing 
It's God's day today. People, let's be nice. 
its GoiN'...Hummmmm...GooDiE  @ljugarte ...How bout u?
Its going  to be a HOT one!!! Gonna put the tent up down the field for the kiddies 
It's going to be 70 degrees in Salt Lake City today 
It's going to be a beautiful day so I'm cleaning up my yard &amp; catch up with the neighbors who are doing the same  
it's going to be a beautiful day!  I think I'll spend some time watching our garden grow.  
its going to be a bright, sun shiny day...until overcast and financial exam failure 
It's going to be a good week when the 1st movie on for the week is &quot;The American President&quot;.  Sucker for Annette Benning and chick flicks 
It's going to be a Hooterific evening 
It's going to be a lazier day for me...  One project to finish then the day is all mine!! Looking forward to it....
Its going to be a long week but thats okay i will try to survive 
It's going to be a nice weekend. No rain!  I'm hoping Ben wants to go to the waterpark.
It's going to be a pretty outside today  pretty hot that is .
its going to be an insanely drunken weekend  boo-yah!
It's going to be another scorcher here in Sunny Scotland again today. Not sure if I'm going to take the VROD or GS1200 for a blast 
It's going to be just the way i like it 
It's going to storm later, better get out and enjoy every second of this gorgeous day!! 
It's going..it's going..IT'S GONE! NIIIIICE, AKMAL! 
It's gonna be 13 degrees colder in LA than it will be in Wilmington today. 
it's gonna be a crazy 3 days! Surprisingly not sleepy though, but am gonna sleep anyway. Night night! 
Its gonna be a good weekend 
It's gonna be a good weekend 
Its gonna be a nice day, again 
It's gonna be a relaxing day 
its gonna be a twisted fenway night tweets 
its gonna be a weekend full of rest 
its good to be home .. 
It's good to be home! 
Its good to be home.  *Cortnie*
it's good. 
it's goodnight moon, with the baybay under starlight. perfect 
its goood to be home 
It's gorgeous outside! ? Actually got an amazing sleep &amp; feel fantastic!  To-Do: Fix torn tutu dresses, Get Passport. Let's do something~
It's gorgeous outside. Going running. Then seeing Nathalie. Then dancing the night away 
it's got that new iPod smell 
it's great how many songs you can fit the words habib beye into 
It's great to know to be in your thoughts!!and...yes..we are lucky. 
Its great when you can watch and predict the trajectory of a game well played..... Lol no such thing as jade just a mirror of reality 
It's great! For anyone who doesn't have one, get it! @artistic_dreams How's your iPhone experiences thus far?   #iPhone (@PaulCarterJr)
it's half 9 + it's 16 degrees already, mmmm 
its half one &amp; i've done nothing, i hate it when that happensss. cobra starship soon  !!!!
Its happening the most awaited thing of today with it. Raining 
It's happening: I'm setting up my bed by myself  wish me luck!
It's hard to believe that I now have 50 items for sale on Etsy.  I've been pretty creative in a little over a month. 
Its hard to decide on what move ti see when there are 2 good ones playing, I would love to see the Da Vinci Code but on the other hand Over The Hedge looks very funny...
It's hard to read a textbook when your brain is playing 25 seconds of a song over and over and over and over and over and over and over. 
It's hard to sleep in hotels...  not sure why, that's what they should be specializing in...  
It's hard to tell But I think I'm right   I hope.
it's hella cloudy and i need my mother to get here so she can iron my shirt 
it's His birthday today 
It's hot and sunny, the pool is open, and @roseround is back! Good times  And we're having pizza for tea mmmm
its hot hot hot 
It's HOT!! Can't wait to get a new fan. 
its humbling and a big responsibility. thank God for the opportunity you sent my way! 
It's Hump Day! 
It's indeed a beautiful day 
its jazzzzz month in Estonia 
It's June 1st!!! Another beginning...another day...another chance to do something GREAT! Let's go people!!!!! Wahooooo 
IT'S JUNE 6  yaay! BBQ at my place tonight with everyone, the fridge is full, the digi-cam is ready ;D - I'm soo ready!
Its june n i can c my breathe  good old chicago
It's June!! My favourite month of the year... Well it is my birthday in 29 days  (not that I'm counting of course) 
Its just a bit of fun for your down time 
it's just a song about ping pong  â™« http://blip.fm/~7jnj7
It's just another manic monday press day.Make sure you check out our new addition 'Lenka' on Radio 1&amp;2 'The Show' www.myspace.com/lenka 
It's just fun to play with androids ui 
It's just not right, IMO...I created it, afterall. You can always do a BOGO free on your own! 
its just one of those days.... where things dont go smooth... Praise the Lord!!! 
It's Just So Audioo. 
its karaoke time with my father. - thats our only bonding moment. lol so cherish it 
It's kinda weird about what I've just tweeted.. right? Haha! But it's nice having those kinds of people around. 
Its kinda weird to be the superior in the school. We're Fourth Years 
its kool, the mothers just came in and done them with nae hassel 
it's LADiES NiGHT tonite! it's been a looooong time since i've had an ALL girls night. 
It's Lalaina's first time to eat BIG MAC! haha  UBOS?
It's Last Call #3turnoffwords 
it's late for me... sorry but it wasnt a good day. i hope tomorrow will be a better day 
Its late, Im talking with yobery 
It's leslie elaine reardon day  yay suck it cassie 
its like 2 in the morning..sometimes I just don't know exactly what is best to do..but I will def. figure it out!  ...HAPPY MOMS DAY! 
It's like a saturday on a tuesday 
It's Like Eye Vs. Ear Thing 
It's like my Dad said &quot;If you can't say something nice, at least lie about it and don't be such an asshole about things.&quot; I miss my dad. 
It's like putting 2 opposites together: Eminem/NSYNC. Yeah, I met Eminem WAITING for *NSYNC! True story 
its like, 1 AM &amp; i feel like eating pasta. is that weird? haha 
It's Lisa's third day and she's doing fantastic.  *Eva*
Its looking good 
its lovely todayy 
its ma mama's b day tomorrow! sleeping in, working out, and off to Disneyland! nice day 
its man utd 2-0 boro ... and Park Ji Sung does Asian proud again!  ... what a finish!
It's mani and pedi time! 
It's Mark Twain Monday.    
its me  alex/ally
It's meee! Dark, but I hope this works  http://beta.twiddeo.com/868
It's midnight now. I'm starting to smell pumpkin. Calling it a night.  Sweet dreams all 
It's midnight, time for me to sleep  Goodknight all!
Its Miss Rara's Loveday Monday... Spreading nothing but love today.  Who loves me? Cause I love you! 
it's monday again.. another week, another struggle.. can't wait for the weekend.  hopefully a more productive week ahead of me 
It's Monday already.  First appointment is a &quot;no show.&quot;  It can only get better from here (?) 
its Monday and all is good 
its monday and im boarding the boat, ill try to twitter where im at and wat im doing. going to key west tuesday and bahama thursday. 
It's Monday and I'm up and awake.   Working today and tomorrow and then I'm part time again!!!!!  Can't wait!
It's Monday but I don't mind a bit because who cares about Mondays during Summer Vacation!  (ps: it's already 4:13. HA! XD)
its Monday lets start the week. Happy people let the sun shine 
It's Monday man ewww wish it was tuesday well actually wish it was Saturday just a constant Saturday 
It's Monday morning! And I'm in a good mood? Something must be wrong.  http://myloc.me/3Und
It's Monday morning... I'm at work, Glad to have a job!  But searching for the coffee pot! LOL LOL
it's monday night. you know what that means.. bachelorette time! 
It's Monday! Loads of things happening this week. Check out the list on the ISL Facebook &quot; group: University Language School&quot;! 
it's monday. and i'm not late haha! 
It's Monday. Gonna be a great week ahead. Going to get my jeans taperred later. I just love skinnies! 
It's Monday... Sigh... Oh well- I still get to go walk Ginger when I get home!  Can't wait for summer so I can take her fishing/swimming!
its monday.... yuck... but at least i get paid  lets hope today goes quick!!
It's morning and I like it. 
It's morning! Last night, I went to a Wawa near my house and all I can say is... I loved it! It was completely modernized 
its morning!!!! and i think i just did something im gonna wish i never did!! oh well  cant do anything about it NOW!! HAHAHA
it's morningggggg so wake the hell up 
its mothers daaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyy. [listen to the blink song!] 
its mothers day 
IT'S MOTHER'S DAY 
It's mothers day and I am not one.  My birthday is tomorrow LOL 
its Mothers day here where i live 
it's Mothers Day today 
it's moving day! TRAILERS were AWESOME last night...all 5 signed me shirt. 
its my 18th birthdayyyyyy!! 
it's my 18th in six days baby 
its my 19th birthday 2moz 
Its my 21st birthday! Yay! 
It's my 23rd Birthday tomorrow!! Going out for drinks @ Revs @ 7pm 
It's my 6 year anniversary of deciding to be baptized as a JW 
It's My B.Day!!    So Damn Boring!!
it's my bday !!!!! 
Its my B-day suuuccckkkaasss!!!!! 
its my bday!!! I'm gettin older! 
It's my birthday ! 
It's my birthday in about an half hour 
It's my birthday today! 
it's my birthday today. 
its my birthday tomorrow  brogans here to celebrate ;]
it's my birthday tomorrow!! 
Its my birthday weekend &amp; I am spending it by relaxing. Of course I will pamper myself. I love being Independent. Every woman should be 
It's My Birthday WOOHOO Three more years and I can Join the old fart Club 
It's MY Birthday!  Enjoyed a fantastic day at the Susan G. Komen 3day opening event. The walk is Aug 28, 29, 30!
It's my birthday! So naturally everyone's mourning D-day. Every year. I'm up early to get ready for #locmia and then Titanic from 4pm on 
It's my birthday... in Korea. Would have to wait one more day if I were in the States. Yay for time travel 
its my birthday.....happy birthday to me!!!! 
its my birthdayyy todayyy yay!    wish i could have my party at disneyland like @mileycyrus !
Its my birthdayyyyy  and i partied a little to hard last nigth it wasnt prettty
It's my birthdayyyyy  chillin with @leahrosegarden
its my birthdayyyyyy &lt;3 
it's my couz's birthday! we'll have fun fun fun! 
It's my day off and it's sunny...shock! 
It's my ex best friend's birthday today. no idea why I bother remembering. I always care more about ppl than they do about me. oh well 
It's my first day of school! Starting my course work for Bible college today! 
It's my first mother's day! (sort of) 
Its my friday today 
It's my last time to play this stupid song! 
It's my lovely brother's birthday! I just sang a ridiculous song to him on his voicemail. I hope it puts a smile on his face 
its my mommas birthday 
its my mommys birthday tomorrow  danq she's old lol jkjk.
It's my mom's birthday. She has 3 of the best daughters in the world. What more could she wish for? A waffle maker. She is so loved 
It's my uncle's bday...and we're throwing him a surprise &quot;children's party&quot;...I can't wait to see his reaction ) LOL, happy bday cle! 
It's nap time. Assembly 2009 is over! Next, Leadership Pathways begins for leaders June 14. 
ITS NATIONAL DOUGHNUT DAY!!  yum!
Its national listen to @taylorswift13 day! Yessss  24 hrs  go go go go
It's nearly done already  that's goood! I have to clean my room because my uncle is coming up tomorrow &amp; I possibly have to share a room..
It's nearly easter!!! yay!!! mmm chocolate 
It's never gonna be about me, anymore..  - http://tweet.sg
It's never too late to take a chance.last chance harvey looks like a good movie 
It's new day...Time for new changes...Ready? Let's go!!! 
It's nice and cloudy outside. Just light enough to see a dude across the street 
it's nice having a job you don't dread getting up to go to. and where you get movies for like 4 or 5 bucks  bonus
It's nice having friends who can really understand what you're going through. They get it. And I love that.  I miss you, C.
It's nice outside today 
It's nice that the weather is not so beautiful today that I hate being back in the office 
It's nice to hear some good news in the real estate market for a change....as more first time buyers are out buying again ....  yahoo   
it's nice to leave the office when the sun is still up 
Its nice to see the Yankees in 1st place in the AL East MLB standings. 
it's niice out and im going to spend this day with skating 
It's not 1999 anymore! 
its not a d&amp;b song, its a 135 bpm breakbeat tune called &quot;The Time Is Now&quot; . . . get ready 
It's not always about WHO we want, but WHO is planned for us 
It's not always cold here. It mainly is but not always   http://twitpic.com/6bxhe
it's not broken. the color is a little dusty though.  hahah
its not easy being clean, and i dont like it, i like the dirt 
It's not even 10am and it's already a beautiful day at the beach. Sitting on the beach w/ a good book. I hope time stands still today 
It's not even 8am, I'm in love with Saturday mornings!!!! 
Its not even 9 yet and its sooo hot outside! smh. Good morning all 
it's not even funny how much i love the songs of nothing personal. i want it now plz 
Its not knowing who you are its knowing who you want to be 
it's not my job to know anybody, anybody says so, I would immediately keep distance with them......... 
it's not that easy to design a cool and sexy background image on my twitter homepage   want to display my hot new sex cushion.
Its not that I don't wanna go reherse , I wanna ride too 
it's not to far to never never land! good morning twitter 
it's not what you twitt --- it's what you do 
it's not who we are that holds us back, it's who we think we are not! 
It's now my lil sis' 16th birthday 
It's official - Liberty Grand is my new fave reception venue... Will blog some shots Tuesday 
It's official Got boxes and Filling them with stuff... New house here we come 
its official im going c new moon the day it comes out bcuz taylor lautner-his shirt=me bing extra happy! lol 
It's official now ! ! ! Scary yet feels good 
It's official! Going to Cheong Pyeong then Japan 
It's official! there's a Camp Rock 2!!! 
It's official, I LOVE Bo Burnham 
It's official, I'm 4 years old. the proof? this song just popped into my head...and now I think I'm hungry  http://vimeo.com/785808
it's official, joined the twitter fam 
it's official, Joyce has no LIFE. 
It's official, outside of my swim suit line I am one big freckle. 
Its official, the puppies name is gonna be named jack 
It's official. I converted. Buddhism here I come. So far I think Theravada is amazing. Vajray?na has been enlightening as well. 
It's official: we signed the lease on a new place today! Perhaps I'll take pictures today when we stop by to take measurements. 
It's official~ We're done with the invites!  Wheee~!  Now time to give them to our would-be guests 
Its officially June tho!  @nkotb Full Svc Tour in just a few days 
its offish, my new obsesh is QUEEN go buy their album 
Its Ok  bt I prefer those tht dont loop news &amp; with anchors tht initiate decent conversation I knw ths is subjective, u may like othrwse
its ok  i got the mints now!!!! hehe &gt; 
It's ok though I worked out and then ate a shit load of cookies. And now I'm over it! 
It's ok, I may have just saved them!! 
Its ok, i still love you 
It's ok..... Twitter thinks I am real now 
its okay i have burger rings now 
its okay to be fat on holiday 
it's one of those evenings I just want to curl up with some tea and read infront of my fireplace 
it's one thing to hear frm yr friend tat your driving skill is good, it is another when u hear it from yr boss! 
its only 4pm already sippin sum goose on da boardwalk 
it's only 9:30 ; but , i guess i'll go to bed . 
Its only coffee don't think dirty  xoxo Lena
It's only day 2 and these 5:30 mornings are kicking my ass. But I'll push through it. 
It's only fair that the #pacman's marching song is his very own recording. 
It's only going to be 100 degrees today.. I can't wait for NYC!!!  1 week!! Whoohoo! 
Its only midnight and I'm exhausted ! Off to meet him in my dreams; goodnight twittle tweets 
It's only Monday and this week blows alreadyy. :/ Laina's open house on Friday. I'm exciteddd. 
It's our 200th Tweet!  Have a great day!  
It's over!!!see u in the finals 
it's overcast today...storm clouds over the mountains, headed our way. i am unpacking and organizing my room. 
its passed 12 am =_= really need some sleep. I think i've turned nocturnal. (sigh) stupid body clock... gnight guys 
Its past 3 in the morning so I'm going to bed goodnight all my twitter-bugs sleep well 
It's past 4:30 AM, but my last paper has finally been submitted!  No more homework until September!  
It's past midnight and it's still 75 degrees outside 
it's pay time , the rewards keep on coming...  thanx GOD you are truly blessing me.. 
Its peanut butter jelly time!! 
its perfect outside!!! had my daily strawberry shortcake and ready for wateverrr... 
It's poker night at Camp Breaker  P-p-p-pokerface, p-p-pokerface
its pouring again...life on an island...but i love it 
its pouring down...i feel oh so lazy 
It's pretty cool to be here 
It's pretty late so, I'm going to bed. Good Night, everyone! 
It's pretty much 1AM. Yeah, I'm not going home. Sleeping here at Brodie's, good night 
it's pretty outside  of to the zoo! sunday family funday 
its public holiday tomoro for working people. Happy Harvest Festival 
its quater to 10. i am a little tired which is a big shock since i got hardly any sleep last night!! lol 
It's quite early but I can't sleep anymore...getting ready to enjoy the city that never sleeps 
It's QVC day!!! Tune in to see me on &quot;In The Kitchen&quot; at NOON ET. And CALL IN to say hi... pleeeeeeeeeeze!!!!! 
Its raining  I feel so relaxed. I &lt;3 the sound of raindrops.
it's raining  Miley Cyrus - soon on Rixfm 
It's raining  yay!!
Its raining &amp; its 1/2 hour till roast time, perfect 
it's raining and it sounds cool on our steel roof 
it's raining and it sucks, but I'm just in twitter and watching TV 
Its raining big time!! Red Wings tonight at 8 
It's raining blossoms... 
Its raining hard in Bangalore &amp; I ordered Chicken Kababs  Planning for a movie now. Any suggestions?
Its raining harder than a mother bitch 
its raining heavily in north Bangalore.. very very heavily.. time to get ready and go out for a drive.. 
It's raining in Bangalore..can't wait to be there 
It's raining in Hanoi  bu?n qï¿½&gt;H?n onl r mï¿½.Sao v?y?k dï¿½m nch.K dï¿½m ??i m?t .Kh?!
It's raining in my desert. Joyeous (sp?) occasion. 
it's raining in Paraï¿½aque. Thank God! nabawas-bawasan ang init sa gabi. 
its raining in RSA as well as bangaloreee 
its raining its pouring my little jakey is snoring  afd today, want to get it done so i can start enjoying my hoilday 
It's raining like mad, the schools flooded  and where getting to leave at 12 today and we have to stay in our classes though ):
It's raining out side are'nt they? Wahaha  http://plurk.com/p/11b7pg
It's raining outside and I have nothing to do...maybe I'll take a nap...I am feeling nappish 
Its raining outside!  How rad! At least, I can breath some fresh air 
it's raining pretty hard... a boyfriend would come handy in these situations. bear hug! 
Its raining soooo hard. Cats and dogs and mouses. It feels good... warm rain  &lt;3
It's raining that fine rain!!! U know the fine rain that wets you the most 
It's raining tonight..but, it's so HOT! Uurggh..hate Global Warming!! Safe the world! XoXo.. 
It's raining!  and ive just voted for my friend. Vote also! u just need to log on  http://analog-soul.com/2009/?p=1076
its raining! &lt;3 
it's raining! it's raining!!! 
it's raining! yeyy! 
it's raining!!  I love sleeping during rainy days! It's so comfy!
It's raining, it's pouring, the old man is snoring! I love the sound of the rain 
It's raining, lovely 
It's raining, so I can be found in the world of Albion (Fable II) 
It's raining. the weather is cold. and I'm happy for this. 
It's raining.. Not men, just as usual 
Its raining.like crazy in Idaho... But on the flip side I think that I found the housing that I want to live in! 
It's raininggg. I love the rain and cold weather.  &lt;3
It's rainy again to the 3rd day this wk. This kind of remind me of the UK  KIND OF! So what did you do today?
It's rainy outside... I'm ready for a nap today. 
It's Randall's birthdayyy  Nacogdoches to spend the day with him
It's ready. 
It's Reality Sunday. #TheApprentice Final &amp; the first eviction of #BB10. Sad? Me? Never! 
it's really amazing how much more comfortable i am singing since i started voice lessons 
it's really easy once u get the hang of it.. way easier than Facebook for sure! 
Its really fun....and Hard! Lucky i might go to east glen which is like walkerville  Im like an honour student in math lol.
It's really good to hear you say that!  pulang @kodill, so we can share happiness at the same place hahaha
its really nice out 
It's really nice to hear that somebody read me  Thank you, you're great!
It's really nice to know that you think we're all out of time. Going to Six Flags for the day 
It's really no gay... It's just really funny! 
i'ts realy hot this mornning 
it's robbie williams time ^^^ listening angels -and through it all she offers me protection (music) I officially n deffo love this song! 
its roll n sausage time 
It's sad what a lot of rap has become. Here's a good one though.  http://bit.ly/hyarB
it's SATURDAY 
It's Saturday and I've decided to stay in tonight. Can you believe it? 
It's Saturday!  Got to get Sunday's assignment due.  Can you believe I am less than 5 weeks away from my associates degree? 
It's Saturday!!!! And I am draggin... It seriously feels like a Monday... Oh well two more days till Morro Bay! 
it's Saturday.  chillin with madre for a bit, then goin downtown and take on the town. think I might get a salad to eat.
It's Saturday....family time! Step away from the e-mails, texts, cell phones! Bad News will find you...Good News will wait for you.   
its Sea Patrol Time Kids  lets all watch it! (been waiting for this to happen for weekkss)
It's second week starting. Last week was so busy but I have learnt sooo much!!! Thanks everyone! 
its simpLe... confusin,, im winnin but im Losin,, smiLe 
It's sleep time now. G'night twitter 
It's snowing here, again!  I kinda like it. I'm alone in that respect.
it's so bloody hot in this house . time to make some dinner ... garrlic bread !  HAHAHA
its so cold i'm thinking about putting my pjs on  actually i just might!!
It's so cool in London!!!! Yesterday photoshoot was so cool!  amazing 
It's so cute when Adam surprises me 
its so frikkin' HOT!!! &gt;.&lt; how are ya'll doin?? 
It's so funny how I still have a little crush on these guys Mario Lopez too 
It's so great lying in bed, drinking coffee and relax after a long day spent in the mountains... 
It's so great to be able to get back into my exercise routine  feel the burn (grrr!) 
its so hard for me to sleep, im gonna start working out tomorrow 
Its so helpful having a mom who trained to be a make-up artist haha. She did such a good job. 
its so hot here in my room.  hehehe... i really wanna transfer there in the master's bedroom. but, i gotta prepare for tomorrow.
its so hot it felt like somebody draqqinq me to hell 
It's so hot outside!! :O You have to sign up to MTV to vote? Ah; wth I may as well! 
Its so hot these days in bangalore 
it's so hot! I guess I'm gonna have to have an ice cream before I knock out  Lol Back to work tomorrow!
it's so HOT! i'm actually loving this weather. it's also great going in for an exam in the morning, then freedom for the rest of the day! 
its so hotttt ! Damn it, lol. Off to la-la land, DO NOT DISTURB!  ZzZz!
It's so humid today!  Got sweat after 10 mins brief cycling.  Waiting for the meeting to start. 
It's so late &amp; I'm not even partying. Driving back from Beeville from my nephews grad party.Twitter is saving lives keeping me awake. 
It's so much easier to wake up for business that I actually care about 
Its so neautiful &amp; peaceful outside today.  this what I can get lost in.
It's so nice and sunny here at the beach. You should all take the day off 
Its so nice out 
its so nice out in boston right now  my rangers won&lt;3
It's so nice out today! 
It's so nice out today... I've been playing outside for most of it... now I think I'll nap and sun myself 
It's so nice to have the internets back at home!    We also got the TV and DVD player hooked up tonight.  Ahhh....home.
its so nice.. I LUV KELLY...she's such an amazing singer  LUV HER
It's so refreshing to meet people who aren't afraid to profess their love for God and can spot that in me and my Mom. 
It's so sunny and happy today 
It's so sunny here today!! Love it 
its so sunny out....love it. wowi have the entire day off 
Its so sunny yayy! Not a cloud in the sky 
It's so waaaaaarm, la la la.  AND just got a better grade than expected on that impossible shakespeare essay 
It's so warm!!! But i'm not complaining!!! Might bring kodi out in her Lil paddling pool we got her 
It's something that we did for @HeadlinesIndia...still reaping rewards from that effort 
its soo awesum to see kris allen n adam lambert dominating itunes!! yay american idol! 
its soo damn hot outside, and my hands r totally burned like they r half broiled chicken  lovely.
it's soo hot. just been outside lying in the sun. 
ITS SOO HOTT HERE i cant wait for winter 
Its soo late but I'm just getting home and haven't been on in a while so I think I should tweet some 
it's sooo hot here!! i think ill go swimming to cool off 
It's sooo sunny yayy  I better be able to find my sunglasses @_@.. ! xD.
It's soooo hot in my room! Aiyah.. But it's okay.. It's better than rain! 
Its soooo pretty out 
Its soooo sunny here in the UK. Just got back from shopping with my girlie 
its soooo sunny outside  i love it! i want to go back to garys and sarahs nowwwww!
it's sooooo cuuuute ,http://vimeo.com/3057473, I want one 
its soooooooooooooo sunny! Yaaaaaay 
it's sounding like someone @djfreakyfred has a lil man-crush on big mike hahaha ;) i kid, i kid 
It's soupy-soup time. Today: Heinz Cream of Chicken and Mushroom - yum! bbl 
It's sprinkling tonight. hehe 
its started atlast.. i take back my bet 
Its starting to rain. 
Its starting! 
its startinggg, yay for graduation!!!!  
It's Stevie's 29th today. Happy Birthday Captain Fantastic! 
It's still early here but if you want to go to bed ..... Goodnight  
It's still raining! and i just ate a bunch of oreos  ohhyeah.
Its still wicked hot I need air. Somebody show me some love 
It's storming &amp; I have tea I'm happy  - (via stormofgenius) I wish it was raining here.Â  Itâ€™d match my... http://tumblr.com/xrw221e3p
its storming in wpb, so a cat nap is in my favor 
It's storming like CRAZY right now! I love it  -- just hope there are no tornados!
It's SUBWAY time!! Have a nice meal to me 
It's such a beautiful day and I'm going to paint one more stroke on the terrace soon  Have a great day tweeps! http://bit.ly/2bN1op
It's such a beautiful day in Toledo, Ohio!!! Good day for a walk in the park. 
It's such a beautiful day! I should listen to my audio bible on my phone while I am sun bathing!!! 
its such a beautiful day! im happyyyy!!  happy birthday sara!! 20 biiiiiiiitch!!!
Its such a beautiful morning today. Just makes you wanna smile... 
its such a clear sky atm, can see for miles and miles 
its such a good feeling to have your boyfriend twitter 'crazy bitch' about you 
Its such a gorgeous morning,im enjoying a smoke and a coffee before going in the shower then ill do a bit of shopping then its bbq time 
its such a hot day today but i love it  im going into the pool
Its such a lovely day haha, this is shorts weather definitely 
it's such a nice day . manicure and pedicure w. @emporessansley  .
It's such a Nice day out- kinda chill but sunny- wierd huh. I'm gonna finish doing my stuff inside and then enjoy the nice weather!! 
It's such a perfect day to just lay out by the pool and tan  sooo glad I left work early, I need this kind of relaxation 
its summer 09  yearbook in the morning. text me&lt;3
It's summer again!!! (sana!!)  http://plurk.com/p/rmmd9
Its summer and 41 degrees outside(morning)...damn mother nature and her climate...yay for indoor people. 
it's summer and i wanna go a vacation.... But i still watch TV series, lmao  i'm ok with it, theres no problem.. i think... 
It's summertime! Day drinking, laying at the pool, reading, parties, friends, etc. Ordering in with Lauren for a night of MTV tonight 
Its Sunday  you know what that means ! Bridezilla marathon on WE Channel. Lol
It's sunday and I can't wait for Wednesday still, about to crawl the walls soon, I miss my nutty-friend 
It's Sunday morning around 7, and I feel like dancing? Weirdness 
its sunday morning! 
It's Sunday night and I don't have to think about going to class tomorrow.. or at all for four months. I like this feeling. 
Its Sunday! 
It's SUNDAY!  Praise the LORD!   
It's Sunday, 10.23 pm and I'm at the office. But it was nice to go through the unread email so I won't have to tomorrow. Going home now. 
It's Sunday, that wonderful day of the week when BSG and SG:A grace me with their presence and viewing enjoyment. 
Its sunnny 
It's sunny   for once in Dundee....
it's sunny ! Yeaaah i love that ! 
Its sunny and i am today having a bbq because #marsiscoming 
It's sunny and i'm happy! 
It's sunny and I'm meeting a good friend for lunch later 
It's sunny and my day off  Time to hit the gym then get cracking on gears of war
Its sunny in Britain...And we're ready to go swimming! 
its sunny outside, 24Â°c :o, and im sittin in my room with my laptop watchin borin tele (n).. think im gonna walk to the shop &amp; get juice 
It's SUNNY today!!  Shooting some pics maybe?
Its sunny! Yaaaaay! 
It's sunny, it's the weekend &amp; we're planning @redrowstudio's birthday BBQ tomorrow 
Its sunny..think i need to go out and chill in the sun for a bit!! Need some fresh air!!  Hope the sun hangs around for a while!!!
Its supa funny wen u look back at shit and see the things and ppl u left behind for da better! 
It's taken me like 2 years to finally tidy my room, but i have to admit, it looks amazing now 
It's taking great willpower to not eat the ice cream in the freezer. Lucky for me, willpower's never stopped me before. 
It's tax time  After years of struggling with my tax declaration, it seems I've finally got the knack of it 
it's tea  but it's kinda cold now
It's teacher appreciation week - been out making deliveries to instructors this morning 
It's tennis time! 
It's that time again! #followfriday @edie78 @ninaspringle @eternalmagpie @yourwildchild @wildelycreative @helpsavebees &amp; @jemimakiss 
Its that time again. Time to leave this world and into the world of dreams. I wonder what adventure I'll have. Until then, sweet dreams 
It's that time twitter world...  Goodnight.. Sweet dreams.. &amp;  Have a great new day.... 
It's the 16th, which means 1 more day till the iPhone update  yay, I'm excited!
it's the ALEx Summit. as in Aboitiz Leaders of Excellence Summit. :| sounds fun! 
Its the beginning of a new beginning 
Its the big day  excited but nervous. Its gonna be fun though ;)
It's the Dyson Animal one if that's any better 
It's the end of the world and we know it and I feel fine 
its the final of britains got talent tonight... don't know who i'd like to win but good luck to everyone 
It's the folding that spoils the excitement  ... -__-
It's the last day of May!!! 
It's the last day you can see the bsm team kick butt on the softball field!!! 3 pm @ IM fields. B there 
It's the last Tuesday of the school year! This time next week, I'll still be asleep.  
It's the little sweet things he does that count 
It's the little things!!   http://twitpic.com/6tthb
it's the Lords day 
Its the marches today  dunno if i'll be goin though, need to do paintin for my grans friend first.
Its the Market on Fountain Square today!  We are so excited - like little kids at Christmas.  You will be sick of hearing from us today. 
It's the new AF-S 10-24mmï¿½ wide angle obviously 
It's the princess' birthday. 
Its the simplest things that make me smile 
Its the small victories that motivates me. Goodnite twitfam 
It's the SUMMER OF LOVE &lt;3 still sitting in the living room- but with DJbooth and personal Dj haha loving it  it's the f***in island
It's the truth!  ? http://blip.fm/~6h5eo
ITS THE WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHOOP WHOOP!  hee hee
It's the weekeeeeeeend, baby!! 
its the weekend - finally !  sure its rainy and blustery, but who cares, its the weekend ... v happy today 
its the weekend!!!! 
its the weekend, yay 
ITS THE WEEKEND. YAY!!!!!! got nothing interesting going on. what bout u, and weekend plans? anyone? 
its Timberlee's b-day...ma #1 artist 4 ever...timberleemusic....happy b-day...and party like a rock star... =]     
its time 
it's time  ? http://blip.fm/~7c1b3
It's time for a 3 martini lunch with the Mad Men (and sushi on the way). This is how we role, when we are over worked. 
Its time for a cup of Tea 
its time for beeeed! night 
It's time for church! 
it's time for DINNER! or.. too early? who cares? i'm hungry! 
It's time for Flight of the Conchords 
It's time for getting forward at the rehearsalroom. 
Its time for me to head to dream land. Hittin up the big city for the first time in two years tomorrow, with my best friend.  can't wait
it's time for my afternoon workout: 25 minutes of ab work followed by 45 minutes of step aerobics 
It's time for school, y'all !1!! HAPPY STARWARS DAY 
It's time for some Cat Power!!!!!!! 
Its time for to sleep  nyte evryone 
It's time to CATCH LUIGI Ottawa! In 15 minutes I will give you the first clue. Don't forget: You're allowed to ask me questions 
It's time to enter the twitter world!  We all need reminders to eat healthier-so, we will give tips on how to eat better + live HEALTHIER!
Its time to get this body of mine in shape!!! Got up at 6.30am &amp; went for a bike ride - feeeelllinnnggg greeeeaaattttttt 
it's time to go home and get ready to Ecorun 5km... It starts In 5 hours!! 
it's time to go home...... bye all  have a nice day good day
It's time to go to bed now. I'm gonna get up early morning. See you everyone! 
It's time to go!! see ya all in like... 2 hours 
it's time to introduce yourself to new strangers. that's what i'm (trying) to do. 
It's time to let the right side of my brain do the thinkin' for a while &gt;&gt;&gt; 
It's time to show Australia how to tailgate at a rugby game 
its time to spend what ive been saving  window shopping at moa later hahaha
its time to take a shower and head out to watch terminator salvation for a second time  i even prep by watching the trilogy earlier today
Its time to turn over a new leaf on a lot of old habits.....I'm really looking forward to the change. 
it's time to tweet,tweet,tweet 
It's time to twitter off to bed now...Good night my Twittering friends 
It's time to watch something Michael Emerson-related and head off to bed. Sweet dreams, my lovely Twitterfamilias!  Zzzzzz
IT's Time WORLD!!!!! THIS TIME AROUND... Just watch 
It's times like these when I'm so proud of being a Twilight Fan. Off now to watch the trailer as much as I can possibly watch it 
It's times like these, we shouldn't make ourselves let go, but instead, just hold on tighter.  night all. I love you.
Its to hot 
it's tomorrow and i really want to see him   @alicewillow lo mau nonton ina open juga lice?
It's too cold to play tennis. Therefore I should not have to be at work.  That's my feelings on the topic.
It's too early for me.. really. Fed's match starts when I get back from school  lucky me.
It's too early for this! 
Its too early to be alive. I wonder if my exhaust will survive all the way to Morrisons. 
its too early...kinda tired..have to pack my things n such stuff! // this night wuuhuuu 
It's too freakin hot to sleep in here.  If I'm going to be sweaty in bed I shouldn't be alone!  heat can stop now please
It's too gloomy out...oh well, I got ravioli so I'm all good. 
It's too quiet. But I have loads to do. Better go do it! Tweet ya later 
its too warm everywhere 
its too warm outside &amp; its only morning! I hate the heat! I wanna relax in a cool pool and get a massage. 
its tooooooo early. i hope disneyland makes it better. 
It's tough to be disciplined when you are alone 
It's tree-planting day in Union Square. 
its trek time  there just so damn good
its tricky. 
It's Tristan's Birthday, everyone take the day off on me. 
it's true! When He closes a door, somewhere He opens a window. Alhamdulillah... 
It's true, you can do a hxc happy-dance to Niki FM... there's a bunch of broken objects in my room to prove it 
It's true... I have the best dreams 
It's Tuesday morning... Thank God I didn't drink last night...      http://tinyurl.com/ld82sa
it's tuesday which means it's laundry day! BLAH! 
It's Tuesday.. So that means we are in the bus and off to the pool.. 
It's Tuesday...at work...still riding the high from the workout last night. It should be a good day!  
its unbelievable - back in my childhood 
It's understandable yet funny that ppl looking for #etsy &amp; #jewelry get here when the wonder's over there: http://bodaszilvia.etsy.com 
ITS UP AND YOU BETTER BELIEVE I BOUGHT IT!  http://short.to/d06k
it's very nice and sunny now here in d necks of our woods. just gorgeous. they said after the rain, d sun shines &amp; clear skies 
it's very very very very VERY dramatic red. eilidh is pleased 
It's Victoria Day! 
it's warm and sunny outside, but I'm stuck in a cold air conditioned office with no windows. I know where I would rather be... 
Its warm and sunny!! Yaaay!! Brunch with girls and fun in the park  Flying back tom :: cries ::
it's warm in my apartment...gonna break out the sis-in-law's fan! *grins* gotta make sure it works for her visit, after all... 
It's WARM!!!  Summer's finnaly here
It's way past my bedtime! Night all 
It's way past my bedtime. *yawns* I'm going to sleep. Bye!  ;)
It's way to nice out to clean today! 
It's WEDNESDAY! There's an image update, plus a little news. ^__^ http://www.ginpu.us And don't forget to vote if you can! 
it's weekend time - signing out 
its weird being back home. even if its only for a night. im boxing all my stuff so i can move in my own apt in a month. 
Its weird to think that a week from now ill be sleeping 
It's weird waking up in my own bed. Slightly comforting, but i miss the group. But i'm loving using my own pillow again! 
It's welcome back Anna night, welcome back from your Africa holiday Anna 
It's winter! Perfect for staying in, making soup, drinking coffee, watching movies, reading new magazines, working and creating. 
Its work time  Dam friends and their Jamie T buzz grrr...
Its working  ! vote for me please @ http://apps.facebook.com/hedkandi/entry/127/
its working now!  yay! it obeys the will of the pwentz  #petewentzday
It's you and me forever, it's you and me right now &lt;3    Night 
it's you and me forever, it's you and me right now (this song has been stuck in my head for dayssss) btw tonight was so fun  tacky rocksss
It's You!  singing while reading lyrics. Naging hot na naman si Sungmin. Aynaku.
It's your lucky day @aileenwilliams as @_3_ is gifting you his quiz prizes! Yay! Please follow @judyrey &amp; @PaulaBrett so they can DM you 
it's zzzzzzz time !  Good night everyone :p
it's.my.birffdayyy  19! ~hitashaa
itttsss redsox seasonnnnnn 
itu la Ili...we have great taste no?  Thanks everyone for following. Kitorg budak baru belajar kat Twitter.
Itunes - The ramblings of me - My next game is now LIVE on iTunes  WAHOO!!: My next game is now LIVE o.. http://bit.ly/1o2Twc
iTunes 8.2 released. So now it's a matter of time before iPhone 3.0 is released to public. 
itunes gave me mercy... i have a bunch of new songs!!! 
iTunes was released to app developers. You need 8.2 to install iphone os 3.0 beta 5 
Itz a shame i cant go to sleep lol. But it really doesnt matter. FREAKS COME OUT AT NITE! LMAO. jus kiddin  *M$. J@$m!ne*
Itz over  4 now at least. PHEW!
Itz raining but not any goodlooking MEN lmao oh well GOOD MORNING TWITTERLINGZ 
Itzel: Stephanie, I missed you so much and now you're right here and I can touch you! *pokes my arm* fucking weirdo.... 
I've a v sweet boyf. He cooked my fav swings for me.  weewee. (: - http://tweet.sg
ive actually burnt. woooop 
I've added 5 or 6 videos to my youtube in the last day! Yaybees! And I'm editing even more of them now. 
I've added a whole new bunch of intersting twitter members to follow!  I love this !!  All this info and so little time       
I've added an eleventh commandment...honor thy ears and soul... @honorsociety &lt;--everyone follow them, it's part of the sacred law 
I've almost decided which computer to buy 
I've already made pancakes and kicked the kids out of the house for the day.. 
ive also just finished reading the host by stephenie meyer, a great read if i do say so myself 
I've always supported Twitter w/ 2 exceptions 1) changing @replies - whole political controversy and 2) PLZ FIX my pages!  @slimbonie
ive always wanted to study the stars even when i was little.  i love the night.
I've always wanted to take a @journey2mecca   thanks for the myspace request
I've answered most of the DMs but I am close to maxing out so check your DM boxes 
I've been asked how I am able to support myself working at home, answer is by doing surveys here... http://bit.ly/ojTLv Crazyy!! 
I've been awake for two hours, and yet I'm still not really awake.  Urgh.  Making a video with the cousin and the sis today. 
i've been awake since 6:30am, and i'm just getting ready now. flollll, lazy ftw. 
I've been away from twitter for about a month! crazy times! just getting caught up again 
i've been eating copious amounts of foods. yet i'm still hungry. FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD. maybe i'm getting taller 
I've been entered into Ms Twitterworld!! VOTE FOR ME PLEASE! (i need to beat my sister) lol http://tinyurl.com/plwq2o 
Ive been feenin 2 ride, but the weather has been bad I cudnt. Heard the weather spos2 break in the morn so I rode in 2nite in the rain. 
i've been gaining alot of followers and subscribers lately so in the past week i've gained:30 followers and 56 subscribers 
I've been happy all day  that's good
I've been home for less than five minutes and I'm already in my pajamas and in bed. I LOVE MY BED. 
I've been learning a lot by following @LadyProducHer!!!  http://myloc.me/2AKv
I've been mobile tweeting all day and I'm FINALLY home. Had a great night and I am more than exhausted. Writing some things before sleep. 
I've been mostly a MIA tweeter Happy hump day all you tweeple humps 
I've been on karaoke for 5 hours.  I love it
I've been on twitter alot,sine like june 2nd or something.. 
I've been out and bought booze, i've bought a couple of rounds of drinks and i haven't been ID'd! I must look my age! 
Ive been passed out drunk for the passed couple of hours.  Good to go now 
I've been picked up to Verseghy, my secondary school... fuckin cool 
I've been playing badminton, now it's time for lunch, then I'm off to the dancestudio 
I've been pushing myself forward and loving what I'm attracting back 
I've been relegated to pancake maker and back tickler this fine Saturday. And I was instructed on how best to do both!   So be it. 
I've been sleeping all day!! Feel great now 
I've been taking care of/ laughing at drunk people all night. Let me tell ya, it's kinda exhausting. Now for some much needed sleep. 
I've been taking some random pics of myself and they have turned out pretty good!  I am not vain! haha! 
i've been tanning 3x the past two weeks and i love it 
I've Been Thinking.. Mayb I Should Go To Sleep Soon. 
ive been told that i am like a therapist...  im also starting to feel like one x
I've been told to stay at home today because of a power cut at work. I've been told to &quot;use my time wisely&quot;. Heh heh - I will 
I've been tweeted. So now I'm tweeting. I'm going hiking on South Mountain today. You happy now Stacey?  
I've been up for 40 hours thus far.  Mmm, Monster. &lt;3 What? I'll sleep when I'm dead. 
I've been up for an hour already. Too effing early. Tomorrow www.art4lifeca.com 
ive been up since 4 am my bestie alexis delivered her baby @ 12:55 today.. a beautiful healthy baby girl 
Ive been up since 530,i hate wen i cant sleep. Garys takn a nap and i mite do the same 
I've been up since 5AM... went for a run, watched the sun come up, had a wicked breakfast, now at the office listening to amazing tunes. 
I've been using the Yoono firefox addon at work, and it officially rocks. Yahoo, G Talk, Gmail, Twitter... all in my sidebar. 
I've been voting here &gt; http://bit.ly/rOCz3 &lt; for @keni_cabrona coz I want her to be in the top 20!!!.. you should vote too!.. 
I've been waiting for the stars to fall  THANKS ALYSSA! I'm done 
I've been watching baby shows ALL morning.  so much to look forward to one day 
I've been watching Grey's S1 and it's just... weird... I mean just... flat out weird... to think how much they've changed since then... 
I've been watching Mario Batali since I could comprehend a rue, and he wears crocs when he cooks 
I've been watching the Tonys only for Neil Patrick Harris, but some of the plays do look pretty good  #fb
I've been working on only #iPhone simulator, but last night I got development signing cert, registered my device &amp; setup provisioning 
Iv'e booked the hotel for our vacation to canada. We arive in montreal on dec 28 and we departure 6th of januari   
I've bought my ticket to Sziget festival to see Placebo. yay! 
I've change mi pic  boring the last one.
I've changed into a jumper cause it's getting a bit chilly now. And I'm finally settling down to my history revision with some soup too 
Ive changed my pic  its from 29.5.09 interview marca!!!
i've cleaned up the house for my mummy  awwwww how gay. doug xx
I've come close to astroturf myself, @mgrocki. Save yr $$ - it doesn't drain. Just spray paint yr yard green instead 
I've come to realize man of the males I meet aren't mature enough to be anything past friends w/ me....lol. Oh well 
Ive come to the realization that I have A LOT of hair. On mah way to lauren's. 
ive completed concentrating work for like an hour and a half now..so now ive got that over with a well deserved sleep will do me good 
I've counted in ALL the Lillysan Award votes, can't wait to show you the results! Who's the best youtuber?  xx Li
i've decide i do not tweet enough. maybe coz nobody cares about my tweets and maybe coz i can only tweet from a computer. oh well! 
Ive decided i back my sister up 100% on being an automachinc 
i've decided i freakin LOVE that beauty shot. it doesn't look like me at all 
I've decided I love my curly hair! I take great pics with it!  Really really bored! Going to text him..I wonder...
I've decided i need a Volvo as my next car. So when i get in my next wreck i won't total it. 
I've decided I wanna bang to the music of 3OH!3. Starstruckk most def 
i've decided i'm not gonna tweet for the next two day. this should be interesting. let's see if i can do it 
I've decided not to watch Once. Instead, I'm gonna follow my fellow tweeters. 
I've decided that mara woo is officially my bestfriend 
I've decided that the only way to get through my husbands deployment is to stay busy... In english that means shoppin for me and the boys 
I've decided to get the shoes. hahaha bankruptcy here I come.  xxxx
I've decided to solve my *forever and always* pick shortage problem by buying a bunch of custom ones. Designing em now 
I've decided twitter is now fun. so many gegs of people  tonight I'm doing nothing but stuffing my face and watching movies, suggestions?
I've decided, I'm going through every single Depeche Mode album I've got until I fall asleep at my keyboard. Living on the edge! 
I've decided, i'm going to be famous one day. I promise 
Ive decided. I would like to steal Blake Livelys hair. Its so long and prettttty 
I've discovered &quot;Monkey Forest&quot;    Planning a trip for Kris and i this summer.  http://www.monkey-forest.com/information.php?id_cat=1
i've discovered i'm a slow texter :l but at least i can text!! 
I've discovered to have food intolerance.. No raising agents, no olive oil, no eggs, no sugar!! Is there someone who has same problems? 
I've done but with less artistry.. but hey, I tried!   http://bit.ly/FKVOS
I've done it! Just ordered my iMac  was quite expensive so my savings account is cursing me. Was nearly late leaving for work as a result!
ive done my homework. i donno... maybe it'll be okay...  i hate tuesday when i have to go zemi. ((
I've done so much today!! .... Not 
i've done the payroll, now to dress the kids then getting the 'Plan' up and running! lol 
i've downloaded some mcfly albums today  im happy lol
I've eaten nothing all day. But I'm not hungry. So this is what it's like when you get 'past it'. Not in the ageing way. 
I've finally created an account here!   ... I'm slacking! xD I should be starting my Horror Lit. CPT xD
I've finally found people to discuss DBZ with! 
I've finally got (most of) my energy back after stopping the Microgynon and Provera. Hope it stays this way 
i've finally got on twiter! after all the name changes 
I've finally got round to adding the Twitter app to Facebook. Tweets = Status updates. I need never log onto Facebook again! 
i've finally got those applications out to manchester college! hellsyeah 
I've finish my homework YEAH....i'm not dead 
I'VE FINISHED THE 'EAT ME, DRINK ME' BADGES!!!! ----&gt; http://twitpic.com/3l3i1 &lt;---- Look here 
I've finished the outlining! 
i've found a very nice game on FB. It's called WAKA WAKA. You people should try it out! 
I've found an unsecured wifi connection  tweeting in the sun!
Ive found jesus ... he was behind the sofa the whole time 
I've found some footie , yay 
i've gone to 3rd place! http://bit.ly/VwV6H  please get me back up tweeters!!!  (via @TomFelton)
I've got 1000 followers in 6 days.. not bad. 
I've got 18 subscribers on YouTube. Yey. 
i've got a B for my accountancy exams 
I've got a BEAUTIFUL nephew!! 
I've got a bit cold. Also I do write this message using curl. Forget about real clients 
i've got a brand new steppin thing that you'll like. 
I've got a face mask on.. I can't smile coz it will crack!! Hehe I look funny though!! Chillaxing time on a sunday... 
ive got a feeling...that tonights gonna be a good night 
i've got a long list of things to say but i'll leave it at, youamazeme. 
I've got a lot of ideas for Morgane's fiction...x'D Tom ! Where's your cock ? Pull it out of there NOW ! &gt;.&lt;                     
I've got a lot to do today!! This healthy quest is going well I'm on my way 2 losing 15lbs or more 
I've got a mortgage!!  yayyyyyy
I've got a new I-Pod yayyyyyyyy  it's like the Paula's one! i &lt;3 my i-pod i luuuuv my i-pod &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 haha
I've got a new phone 
I've got a really neat idea rolling around in my head (with all the rocks). I have to do some work to make it happen, but then I'll share 
ive got bourbon...im happy 
I've Got Ham But I'm Not A Hamster.........  Dam, You Gotta Lovee Bill Bailey!!  xx
I've got jam! Oh yea. 
i've got my ipod back  megaaaa
I've got Nashville on the brain. Next month... 
i've got one day left to get hot. My date is now tomorrow. His plane gets in tomorrow.  I need to do squats. my legs arent good enough 
I've got one more in me before bed. Sweet dreams  RB: @MaddMatt Velvet Revolver ï¿½ Slither ? http://blip.fm/~742gx
I've got snakebites now  woo
I've got some great offer comming up Keep Your Eyes Peeled.....just after T-Time 
I've got something to say... 
I've got sunshine on rainny day,, resssss ..    .. http://myloc.me/403H
I've got that boom boom pow 
ive got the bgt dvd thing. shaun is on it!  &lt;3
I've got this ice box where my heart used to be, this ice box where my heart used to beeee 
i've got to get going sugaaplum. good night twitter 
I've got to get going.. I hope everyone has a sunshiny &amp; happy day today! 
i've gotta say .. I love my friends! 
i've gotten into writing songs.. where'd that come from.?  yet fun 
I've grown a liking for these guys  â™« http://blip.fm/~89eai
I've had @thereadyset in my head all dayyyy 
I've had 5 new sign ups in 24 hours  Who else had a good weekend?!
I've had a busy/productive/good day 
I've had a fantasticly shit evening. I do so love how horribly things go wrong when the shit hits the fan. I might top myself or summit 
i've had a good day. 
Ive had a relly good nite 
ive had a very good day  work experience was good
I've had a WONDERFUL week! now off to sleep! 
I've had All time low's new song on repeat all day 
I've Had my hair cut 
I've had my Myspace since 11th grade...... Besides Facebook sucks hahahaha 
I've had one heck of a night... one second I'm a hot fucking bitch to a pt. and the next I'm a dumb stupid bitch!  Make up your mind!  
I've had Sonic and now I'm getting some Barbeque. Oh how I love the south 
I've had such a lovely wkend, work, friends, Chinese takeaway, sunshine. I just feel very happy at this moment in time 
I've had the best day thanks all and thanks demi love ya  peace out.
I've Had This Sticker On My Face For Twenty Four Hours.  I Think ^o)
I've had to take my wedding ring off - mosquito bite on that finger made it itch &amp; swell ... is this what they mean by 7 year itch? 
I've have thursday and friday off this week  That means it's soon weekend for me  http://twitpic.com/3pe6m
I've just applied for Britain's Got Talent 2010. 
I've just arrived  go out again!
I've just bought 2 tickets to see the latest show of Gad Elmaleh. I'm so so happyyyy  http://bit.ly/YGPDd
I've just changed my Twitter username to @stedaniels please find and follow me there 
I've just complete the server replace. So, I'm watching ther server status. 
i've just decided that from now on all my daily quotes shall be from that day from ppl i know 
i've just experienced a nice skype chat w/ @alishablur &amp; @caitabee. now i want moreeee. heee. skype anyone? lemme know ur username 
ive just fed the cat. cause im dead nice  and the poor thing was trying to eat crust leftovers on its mat eee
I've just found a gold star in my pants, hehe 
I've just had an awesome day on Canal Street  Feel very tired, but glad to have met loads of lovely people n.n
I've just hijacked Seans twitted. Shhhhh don't tell him 
I've just joined Twitter.... It's nice to have a contact with my favourite actor! 
I've just made some vegetable pakora dough, its a great way to use up bits of left over veggies 
I've just noticed, these past two weekends I partied with two of the biggest douchebags this town has to offer 
I've just ordered an electronic spider repeller to keep my house clear of spiders! Big thanks to @kari1961 for the info 
I've just ordered my first http://www.graze.com order  will let you know what its like...it comes Thursday (thanks @laserlid)
I've just ordered tickets to see Rhys Darby &amp; Simon Amstell at this years Edinburgh Fringe Festival!!  WHOOP!
i've just reinstalled my nokia e71  
I've just seen Taylor Swifts new music video, I LOVE IT, it's so cute 
ive just set up this twitter and i have nooo idea how to use it haha 
Ive Just Started Reading @mileycyrus's Book Makes Me Cry Everytime  She Is Truely A Star x So Down To Earth 
I've just weeded out all the spammers from my followers list and so now, if you're still with me, it's because I want you to be 
I've kissed angelica so many times tonight 
ive learned about some very nice people today 
I've learned Japanese on Twitter  Who can learn me an other languages?
i've learned more for E true hollywood stories than i have in history class  i'm completely ok with it
I've left the past behind me. I'm ready and excited to move on 
I've listened to sway sway baby 4 times since I've left sydney,it makes me happy thinking about yesterday 
ive long sleep but i'm still tired. that sucks 
Ive Lost It Haha 
I've made 52 happy gusy cum 2nite. anyone else want 2 play b4 I log off? 
I've made a Facebook page for my business http://tinyurl.com/mvj6hl  You too can become a fan, if you like! 
I've made my desk into a little work area with my laptop and everything  ..Did I mention I leave everything until the last minute? lol!
i've missed the smell of chlorine in my hair..im glad its back 
I've missed you, Twitterville.  I'm back 
I've never actually met anyone who's actually looked like this  when they smiled, until now.
''ive never been so glad to be in america where people speak... spanish..'' hahah 
I've never been so tanned in my life! Spent the whole day at the beach 
I've never been up this early and this wide awake. But it will be worth it. Full day ahead of me aka not being home for 12+ hrs. Later. 
I've never danced more unashamedly in my entire life before, and I wouldn't have it any other way. God is a living God. 
I've never herd of that movie it must be very interesting? 
I've never seen it! So how can I like it or not? and I know! 
I've neverrrr loved someone, the way that I'm lovin you. 
I've no problem with follow/unfollow dynamics on twitter. If you're finding me uninteresting, just give the unfollow button a click 
I've not slept yet but I thought I'd write that as Police Shift 8a-8p starts soon, bad times Georgie! 
i've now fallen in love with true blood. thanks to @seozombie. 
Ive offically stayed up 24 hours.  its over.
I've officially put about 26 hours into one art project. Someone kill me? 
I've officially retired from my JOB thanks to our online mall  www.nolinesnowait.com
I've only got 20 more minutes  I is exciteeedddd. I work at 7am tomorrow- Woot woot!  ~&gt;My Polyamorous Friend&lt;~
ive ordered: night at the museum, the dark knight and charlie wilsons war. ive seen none of them 
I've passed mathematics methods! Wooooohoooooooooo!!!! Floren here I come! 
ive perscribed my self a dose of common dreads  @ENTERSHIKARI
I've practiced volleyball, swam in my pool, gone to Whataburger, then to the lake, then pissed off some underage drinkers/smokers 
I've put twitter in my blog! Cool 
I've reached my 400th update  Awesome
i've reached zero-inbox status. time to switch off mail again 
ive realised that i dont tweeter much. been watching supernatural...scary as! but oh so exciting! 
I've realized a few things today... and life is pretty great  but I already knew that. Oh hey. My best friend is graduating today  wooo.
I've realized... It's better to buy books than downloading them... cause you'll really get the real thing! Support bob ong! 
ive said it once but i will say it again. so happy diversity won BGT! 
I've said that &quot;I'm too busy playing videogames to bother with make-up&quot; bc well, I am.  And I just...idk, I'm lazy.
I've said this before but it's well worth repeating: I love my oversize &quot;Ron Burgundy&quot;/ 80s prep girl sweater 
ive seen @hungryhippo13 HALF NAKED! it was sexy :p i loved it 
i've seen abit of the trailer, like 30secs ;) but it still looks amazing! must get twilight on dvd soon  @ILYmieke
Ive seen the weddding singer way too many times but i love itt soooo much hahahaha 
I've seen this video so many times but this is the 1st time i've seen it on tv  so excited!
I've sign up for Nuffnang. Finally. 
I've signed up to LoveFilm now. On a 30 day trial, thanks to @xero01uk and I've got a load of games queued up for rental now! 
I've sold $100 worth of candles so far!! I'll be putting in my first order tonight  I'm so excited!
i've spent my night sick in bed watching history channel all night..i feel like a nerd 
I've started making up some little packs of goodies for my Etsy shop update in June while watching TV tonight. 
I've stayed up WAY too late, WAY too many nights in a row. Sorry Harry Potter, I'm not reading you. It is bedtime 
I've still got 4 stops to make, though. So much fun but it's going to be a long evening... 
I've still got a month and a half to come up with am excuse...i can totally do this 
Ive survived the tour without spending all my money...! 
I've the best therapy for this  , going to walk ...
I've to got move on an early #FollowFriday recommendation. Check out @ChadMoves and learn to get your move on 
I've to return to my work now. Bye 
I've used twitter as a procrastination/caffeine tool for too long.  Now Twitter's putting me to sleep.  Time to switch to another medium! 
I've watched spongebob now I'm going 2 find a gr8 coffee spot! This didn't even feel like a public holiday 
I've watched the Disney channel Original movie Hatching Pete and i like it alot!!.. 
I've won $26,575 playing poker... made it with less then 6 hands 
I've worked it out! Coulthard is trying to appear young and 'hip' and its coming off as gat. Check out his and jakes matching belts 
I've yet to see it, and while I loved Brokeback Mountain, don't really feel like it deserved the honor.
Ivi im always there even if u cant see me 
iwilldoit. iwilldoit. iwilldoit. iWILLdoit. thank you. thank you. thank you. 
iwiLLmOOnU6969 : i h8 you  iwiLLmOOnU6969: as a woman Queenlexxxiii : its my hair   iwiLLmOOnU6969 : no its your brain.   ^^ 
iXiGO.com is best for travel search. 
iz  now because of Bill Kaulitz 
Iz happy that third chappie is posted. 
iz making a DIV layout 
Iz on his way 2 six flags! 
Iz So FrEaKiNg BoReD 
IZ TO HAPPY TO BE TRUE 
ìž¬ë¯¸ìžˆëŠ”ì–´í”Œì?˜ ì‹œë?„! Shack HQë?¼ëŠ” ì–´í”Œìž…ë‹ˆë‹¤! ì‹¤ì‹œê°„ê°€ê²Œì?˜ CCTVì™€ ë©”ë‰´ì?˜ê³µê°œ ê·¸ë¦¬ê³  ê°€ê²Œì?˜ íŠ¸ìœ„í„°ê°€ ì—°ë?™!!! @Shakeshack   http://twitpic.com/6q9kb
Izz watching BGT the final  Who do you like better flawless or diversity!? First round wuz to flawless, Second round wuz diversity. Gah!
J.E.L.L.i.bean Aida wrote this awesome article in her high school newspaper http://bit.ly/vtgNI GET YOUR SPOON:ITÂ´S @JELLiMusic Time 
J: Do you think pickles stick to things? Me: idk, lets try it and see! 
Ja ang?iem ir The Prodigy - Firestarter, tad latvieï¿½iem - Zigm?ra Liepi?a - &quot;Es sak?ru ugunti?u&quot;  (copyrights: Keny)
Jack Black na globo, vou assistir 
jack in the box was delicous  tummy is full. missin my cookiee! :/
Jack is sleeping in the closet  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5822337
Jack partying hard  http://twitpic.com/6bdre
Jack Savoretti on tour. New album &quot;Harder Than Easy&quot; Out on July 6th 
jack tripper wudnt be bad right now either but i guess i'll have to settle 4 dr. pepper 
jackie boys - greatest lie &lt;-- take a listen this song goes hard! 
Jackie is here and Monique is coming over soon. 
JACKIE LIKES BABIES AND WET SOGGY HOT DOGS. 
Jackies house to do our &quot;environmental community service&quot; 
Jackson or DIME Guitar?, your opinion counts. 
Jackson pitched 8 innings with no ERA. Sweet. 
Jackson Von Wackson is jumping up and down for treats!!!  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/747526
JACOB GETS NAKKI =D yayyyy i love it so wanna see it  cant cant!!!!!
Jacob IS hotter than Edward. Sorry. 
jacques martin will make a perfect coach for the perfect team 
Jad a weird dream last night that I met my art teacher in Tenerife :S also going to grand for some lunch soon  xx
Jadakiss feat. Swizz Beats &amp; OJ Da Juiceman - Whos Real 
Jag bï¿½r en The Pirate Bay t-shirt 
Jag har ï¿½ppnat paket. Fick bl.a. en Tori Amos-skiva &amp; Twin Peaks Definitive Gold Box Edition! Tack Andreas! 
jah vou indo... aula de quÃ­mik agora!!! SACOOO... I going back... Bye... kiss call me!!! 
Jai Ho! LOL! pussycat dolls  http://plurk.com/p/yru3y
jaja first day school. so excited to know her first day. stay home with maya 
jake  i think we could talk pretty much forever n never run out of things to say. your silence is never awkward
jake shows me gh metallica  http://pikchur.com/t4c
Jakob Sveistrup concert friday, next week!! 
Jalan2 with  my friends 
Jam session. Me, myself, and my guitar 
Jamaican Airlines, have a great flight! 
JamaicasBest22Abouttohead into my oceanography class. You know whattimeit is. ) Knowledge is POWER 
Jamba  juice with christina 
jamba juuice.  powerpuff with Sammi
Jambo to my followers. Twitter silence due to my stay in Nairobi, Kenya. Still alive and kicking, though  Hakuna Matata!
James &quot;J.T.&quot; Thomas, Jr. won #Survivor : Tocantins!  Congrats to J.T.
James bond has really pretty blue eyes 
James Bruke http://tinyurl.com/cneqy6 the 70s atmosphere makes me nostalgic  looks like a playlist worth browsing
james has to email one of the teachers because he got caught skipping lunch. my input next tweet. 
James is going to pay for my Sims 3  If i buy him that batman game thats a 15 tht I want too :3
James Taylor, HELLS YEA!!!! 
Jamie Foxx &amp; His Buddy's, Ha,Ha  Jamie Foxx Feat. T-Pain- Blame It (On the Alcohol) (Official Music Video) â™« http://blip.fm/~7eoat
Jamie is the only woman I need.   Muah
Jamie just surprised me with a bouquet of peonies. Ahhhh so gorgeous! 
jamiemcreject@trishababycakes hey! Thanks for following. I've seen your @ tweets. I agree, McFly AND McFly fans ROCK :&gt;  What's up?? 
Jamie's graduation + popping my BJ's cherry = AMAZING! REALLY good times.  Congrats to the rest of c/o '09.
Jammin ciara with chad lol 
jammin on the guitar with my sis!! 
Jammin this morning... BUAHHHH-im crazy all alone in MY world!  LOL 
Jammin To Capital In My Garden  xx
Jammin to Jason Mraz makes the while day better    you make it easier when life gets hard, lucky to be in loove with my best friend!
jammin to my iMeem playlist 
Jammin to some tunes on the way home. Tom petty anyone? Good night too! Stomach feels loads better also 
Jammin' to the 'Hullabaloo Soundtrack'. Music makes the days go faster 
jammin to the musiccc 
Jammin wiv my neice and her mum and dad! 
Jammin, Jammin, Jammin in the Name of the Lord (sing, sing, sing ) 
Jamming out to a little bon jovi 
Jamming out to abba and getting ready. 
Jamming out to Smashing Pumpkins Today while cleaning the house  
jamming to &quot;walking on the moon&quot; by the dream ft. kanye..feeling the chorus 
Jamming to a lil nick lachey &quot;good in goodbye&quot; before the roadtrip actually begins and @nkotb summer tour roadtrip mix goes in 
jamming to beyonce  [shawty, what your name is?]
jamming to old falloutboy  BTW: i want my nose pierced and bigger gauges.
jamminn! thank you!! this is fun 
Jamrock Magazine would like to know who you would to see in the magazine and on our covers. Let us know 
Jane fonda by mickey avalon.  right on.
Janet Evanovich book entitled The Full Box.  Double entendre?  Why, yes, I think it is!    (not reading this book, btw).
Janitors came back and went over it all again. They did a GREAT job. It actually smells fresh in here again 
Japan won &amp; Australia tied. Both qualified for the World Cup. But Australia couldn't beat Quatar? WTF?! In 2 hours: Bolivia vs Venezuela. 
Japanese men are cute. And Chinese. And Vietnamese. And Korean. And Indian. And Latino. And African. And Caucasian. And... Stopping now. 
Japanese university gives students iPhones. Using GPS the university administration aims to stop the students from bunking classes. 
Jarda posted a first post in the Story of our time series... See at jardadokoupil.wordpress.com There will be a new one every Monday 
Jared woke at 6.30am. Lots better than 4am 
Jasmine and Bohdi are here for the holidays!! 
Jasmine Tea, New iPod, Girls Next Door, Anchorman, dinner in the oven, clean teeth, puppy asleep next to me, the weekend. Oh so good! 
JASMINE THINKS VFC IS CUTE. BAHAHA.  THEY AREEEEEEEEEEE.
Jasmine__Murray replied to me! WOOT WOOT! 
Jason Bartha!  Poor Riley! &quot; I thought bejamin gates found the treasure &quot;
Jason enjoying himself at the RAF Museum  http://yfrog.com/0ud5pj
Jason Gomez is making a Movie &quot;Just turned 18 and ready to fuck&quot; Featuring &quot;Black 18 inch Mike&quot; ... Congrats Jason 
Jason is going to sing me to sleep 
Jason mraz - im yours. Wat a lovely song to wake up to 
Jason Mraz ft. Colbie Caillat - Lucky ...match made in heaven! Love this tune!  xox ? http://blip.fm/~5f1dk
Jason Mraz makes my day. Party tonight. 
Jason Mraz songs are like WOAH ! 
Jason Mraz, John Mayer, Amy Winehouse, Regina Spektor (finally), The Moldy Peaches, and LOTS of Kimya Dawson... 
jason, your clothes are dry. get them out of my way! 
Jason..Is a complete dork. 
jasu4541 yesterdayz party was a blast 
Java 2 CSharp Translator - well hello world worked fine, but (as usual) the real life case failed 
Java Concurrency in Practice is probably the best Java book I've ever bought. There's a recipe in there for interrupting blocking IO ops 
JavaFX 1.2 released. 
Jay is doing a acoustic set tonight @ The Sugarmill would be nice see some old faces down there 
Jay K is in the metro 
jaycee, where you na???? tagal mo!!!! 
Jaydiohead &quot;No Karma&quot; ? http://twt.fm/91610 #musicmonday This is not the android I was looking for. But it'll do. 
Jayne has posted the magic letter 
JAYS GRADUATING!  off to saint ignatius church for a long awards assembly =p
Jaywalking: what does DC in Washington &quot;DC&quot; stand for? &quot;Da Capital&quot; 
JAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! &lt;3 btw did i mention i'm seeing him in August? just ECW, but its a free ticket, and its my number 2 
Jay-Z Conan D-Day Hangover Death of Autotune #robotpickuplines AT&amp;T Palm Pre Star Trek Tonight Show. Follow me! 
jaz like in tennis,MS vs AI,its swoosh vs stripes again in NBA finals, KB vs KG last yr,KB vs DH dis tym.Bye LBJ,c u nxt season,in NY?! 
Jaz:i want to hear that song Me:Call him then Jaz:i don't have his number Me:Good because it would sound like a sexy broken record! LOL  
Jazmine said... Thanks for doing my hair.... I love u!! I said no problem... Good luck at ur t-ball game! 
jazmine_ haha, you remembered   yesiowe you birthday kisses
Jazz round 2! Weeeee! @xcrayola and i might die!! 
Jazz saxophonist at our divinty college banquet is playing one of my favorite Miles Davis pieces...sweet!  #mannachurch
jazzmahal on fire 
Jazzy people: @cyntjemusic @rgambarini @ElliFordyce @CoreaCrew @lainiecooke @djjazzydeb @jdwaltervox @AtmosTrio @Motema  #followfriday! 
JB &amp; Missy picked me up from movies.  Saw Hangover. Very cute &amp; I did LOL a few times but I wasn't OTFL, ROTFL, or even LMAO. Gametime!
JB are gonna be on Switch i think 
Jb Is Nominated  7 times at the Kids Choices Awards  (So Go Vote!!)
JB is officially the greatest husband ever, he's making me bacon &amp; pancakes for brekkie, what a starbar 
JB on ESPN right now!! Co-anchors on Sports Center 
JB on the front of factor x!!!!! wooh contest timeee 
JB was just mentioned on my country station! Part of the news was the rescheduling of JONAS from saturday to sunday 
JB3D was so awesome!! 
jb's account is back whoohoo 
JC:You are indeed very bored?!  kekeke.It is so strange that the whole ofc is in mtg except me n the other 2 colleagues..haha..logging off
JCole81 says our President has SWAG! 
Jealous that Gigi was having lemon drops so now I will have one too 
jealouss bitchesss, haaa... watching harry potter, waiting for him to get off  im so not nerd okayy...HP is cool. lol.
Jeans are tight today - nothing to do with licqorice allsorts, must be sweeled due to the heat. 
Jee, atvaÄ¼inÄ?jumu iesniegums apstiprinÄ?ts. Tagad tik jÄ?gaida tie datumi  | My vocation dates are approved. Now I just have to wait 
jeeeeeezzz.... i've finally done that CD for my mum  .... Hoedown Throwdown on #radiodisney 
Jeeej they let us go earlier......Gonna enjoy my sunshine now 
Jeeez... That boy could make a sailor blush. 
jeepers creepers...were did we get all these peepers  a song for all of us!
jeez im smart haha she likes that chick with her name spelt deaneee but you say DEEE-ARRRNEEEE okaye  just clearing that up
Jeez it's warm here today hitting 85 on the mercury !sweats!, time for a cool beer and some shade i think 
jeez, i'm so fucked up. don't you DARE TO ASK WHY 
jeez, is this guy crazy or what?   http://bit.ly/pvMql
Jeez.   every ten seconds she's like &quot;hold onnnn&quot; in a musical way. If it wasn't @Jonasbrothers she was singing, I'd be annoyed.  Hah!
jeezzz washington and georgia are stil playing!! its the bottom of the 8th inning tied 8-8 haha 
Jeff Gordon goes into a back-up car........ he can win it on sunday 
Jeffrey Archer @ Landmark Chennai. Today 7:00 pm 
Jeffrey Brooks's acting workshop 
Jeffrey Campbell shoes are amazazing  love them so comfty ??
jeffrey THANK YOU..  tell greggy and ur mom too.. 
Jeffs match is after this one...hope that he wins!! 
jellllllo  @dontexpectmuch saved me from my work area
JELLY JELLY JELLYFISH! When you squeeze me I go SQUISH! 
jeni's was quite hilarious  'hi i'm ted' 'hi i'm carol' 'asiffff!' 
jennifer garner is so professional actress  and Mathew is really handsome and hot :B
jenny from the park presents the peep show promo... http://bit.ly/Lxutz  
Jensara Swann is an act-model  She is the voice of the gothic electro band, The Veil, http://myspace.com/theveilonline
Jenson Button - 6 wins from 7 races!!!!!!!   Hope he can keep it up at Silverstone 
Jenson Button - 6 wins from 7 races!!!!!!!   Hope he can keep it up at Silverstone  lol http://is.gd/RHUV
Jeremey and Hayley on the radio. ifl them. someone give me Hayley's twitter pls. 
Jeremih's gonna be on 106 tonight? 
Jeremy explains how gatoregg formely known as gatoraid is squezed from a gators skin! 
Jerome said i am his Little angel  .. love u bebe
Jerrys hill is my new favorite place  I miss that boy more than anyone could know..
Jersey shore 
Jerseys highh todayy? 89 degreeees!!!!!! 
Jes and nicole are awesome.  
Jess and I returned from our picnic at point park 
Jess Bajic is on her roof sunbathing with her laptop  loveee ittttt. http://tinyurl.com/nc3kpp
Jess Cartwright has had a lovely birthday   xxx. http://tinyurl.com/n3wdpz
Jesse Duplantis meeting was GREAT! 
Jesse just made my night 
Jesse mccartney is just all kinds of sexyyyy! 
jesse ruben you may enter my heart 
Jesse thinks he's Rachael Ray 
Jessica I love him he's David number 2 and it's 402 posts now  mad
Jessica is ashamed of me for playing Farm Town on Facebook 
jessica is gonna 'BEB'  you make me lolgasm.
Jessica is the shit; I thought you all should know 
jessicas grad party then out for the night 
Jessica's Natural Foods portion of party page  #CGFT
Jesus best service and best encounter EVER AHH  CAN HARDLY TYPE
Jesus christ what a party yesterday. Hope mom and dad doesnï¿½t notist when they come back from Nice. I hope I i get a cute french present! 
Jesus said, &quot;My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.&quot; He is just wonderful! 
Jesus should be your steering wheel not your spare tire!  Hope all twitters have a good day!
Jesus take the wheeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllllllllll  
jesus. i'm on a friggin jonas high toniiiiiiiiighttt. 
Jesus... there's something about the name of Jesus... there's healing in the name of Jesus... there's peace in the name of Jesus 
Jet America offering $9.00 seats for the first 19 seats in Pittsburgh?  I dunno...at that price...what if they run out of fuel?  
Jet finished washing the beemer!! Now that bitch is beammmin!! European cut fly shit  http://twitpic.com/4yqv9
jewwcrew reunion! picking up isaac, jon, and shira, then boating at eddies 
jez got home. i heart slammers  http://plurk.com/p/ukj6t
Jfurheveurbdh. Popsicle.!?  Shit yes.!
jim and pam make me smile 
Jim Balsillie buys the Hummer line from GM but only if he can move all Hummers ever produced to Southern Ontario! 
Jimmy Eat World - Work @deadwood4 Lovin' Jimmy!  ? http://blip.fm/~79aow
Jimmy Fallon &lt;3 
Jimmy fallon shows pretty good! 1st time watching it 
Jimmy W/ the Pensacola Pelicans just hit a 3 run Homer Woo Hoo!!! 
Jimmy's yummmmmm  Blue moon shaje!
Jinak Sony Ericsson procitl a zjistil, ï¿½e Windows Mobile je ï¿½patnï¿½ cesta. Symbian je na telefony nejlepï¿½ï¿½ platforma. Let the flame begin 
jing di, less than with ....... may be 
Jingle bells - jingle bells - jingle all the way 
JJ Rocks  and the edge rocks - i am listening to a pod cast of morning madhouse - awesome
JJ, Cherice, and the baby are on the way over to visit with me and the kiddos   See ya'll at Steppin Up 
jjust took a shower!!!! getting my nails done tuesday night so stocked 
jk bout the bank robbery but a bonfire would sound coo n shit 
jk, everyone. @jaymekayyy and i are still franns. 
jkfldsa;fjsd josh from rcw commented me. that was the first comment from them since january. god i miss them. ps. he misses me too 
jkkkk just got it 
JLS new music video!!!!!!!  x http://bit.ly/iYk3N
JMJ's 4 fav US venues: LA Greek Theater, Red Rocks, the Gorge, &amp; Jones Beach. I've seen NIN at 3 of the 4. 
JMS 200 Final in 40 minutes, nap in 2 hours 
Joan is such a legend! I can't wait for apprentice finale!!! im so addicted i think i need a rehab!! LOL tweet later..  xoxo
Job = $$ = Club 21 Bazaar + travelling = 
Job finished early, heading home. 
Job Hunting Day...   But first.... a shower
job interview at supre WOOO 
job interview in the morning, wish me luck 
job interview then gym 
Job interview tomorrow, I have been busy ALL week  I've had fun 
job interview...here we go. 
Job offer confirmed tomorrow? Please?  For now...I sleep  BAH I'm so hopefulllll
JoBros 3D Movie Premiere was just on Disney Channel, was browsing and saw it! Made my day. Smiley faces to all from me 
JoBros on live lounge  Those boys can sing high!
Jobs is back! http://bit.ly/18anxy  or will be back 
Joe and jon squeezing donnie's ass in the huddle bout 2nd pose off 
Joe Beans+ Coffee+ Me= Yummmmmy 
Joe Cullen !!!!!!! HOT HOT HOT, super sexy  
Joe has Twitter Too!! 
Joe Jonas is fricking ridiculously AWESOME. Oh my GOD.  I'm officially ok with that Beyonce now. 
Joe Jonas is my Jack Dawson! 
Joe Jonas is so hot  he is  my favorite jonas brother and he is a good singer
Joe: baybay!! Nick: whatever...dick Kevin: OMG, let's go shoppin' at my store!! 
joe: playing with our twitter background image. i don't like them ultra-large, as everywhere seen. bandwidth matters! thats green! 
Joel Needs a ride home home from TeleTech at 815PM 
Joe's #1 Girls has a new look! Check it out! Thanks to our followers 
Joe's here. Pain is a little less, still seeing a urologist tomorrow to be safe. Cran Juice &amp; Star Trek Deep Space 9 time 
JOEY : HOW YOU DOIN?  )
Joey is drunk  http://pi.pe/ckb9aq #iPhone http://ow.ly/7mJv
Joey Kelly ist einfach ein Titan  #defb
Joey King ? A superstaaaaaaaaaaaar 
Joey uh oh, CS4 said &quot;excuse the interruption but... JUST WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING!?&quot; (paraphrased) oopsie!  (keygenkeyg..
joeymcintyre Joey, Joey, where r for art thou Joey?  
Joey's getting a new lizard... This should be fun  x
jog. then waiting for boyfriend to get home! then having a nice walk with him 
Jogando IT Manager.... Beeeem legal! 
jogged for 3 miles this morning 
jogged for 30 minutes last night and then did Pilates. I feel great! 
John Brown's farm, very interesting! Adirondack Steakhouse for dinner...yumminess! I LOVE life right now 
John CasaBlanca Graduation at 4:30.  Blood Donations Monday!.
John is funny when he's drunk. LMFAO! 
john lloyd cruz + pharma in rehab + med surg 1 = doc A. haha. :]] hawig tlaga. it's 1 in 1  daw 
John Paul from hollyoaks in emmerdale now!! 
John text'd at 7.23 for a mtb ride round Epping Forest. Cold and raining decided on a duvet day 
Johnny &amp; the Hurricanes' &quot;Red River Rock&quot;: best instrumental EVER. (Origin date coincides w/ puberty  Looping forever on iTunes, yay!
Johnny Depp was just 5 feet away from me... Holy shit! 
Johnny says &quot;why you can even eat me&quot; as willy to which imoaned as my sis laughed ;p myraw cookie dough depp i will eat you, Willy!!  
Join B Scott's community.....Love it 
Join me &amp; twitter friends, July 11th Hyde Park for a TwitPicnic  see http://bit.ly/twitpicnic for info. Oh &amp; RETWEET!
Join me in welcoming my colleague @CMcGurn to Twitter. He's finally taken the plunge after @CarlynKelley and I wouldn't shut up about it 
Join me on @Dropbox and get 2GB plus 250MB of bonus space!  http://tr.im/oEm9 - The more the merrier 
Join me over at http://twibes.com/fishcraze and signup There's no real fishing Twibe, time to change that!  Just do it 
JOIN ME TOMORROW NIGHT TO SEE MY GOOD FRIENDS THE RESISTORS PLAY LIVE IN LANCASTER AT THE BAMBOO - THREE BAD JACKS AND CAR SHOW 
join my group SXinneyMomma! on facebook! see you there!....and here! 
Join my HBC! http://llong.ws/hbc.html It's for your own good! 
Join my new Facebook page at http://bit.ly/FU6RW   This will be my Facebook page from now on. Thanks! 
JOIN 'my new whatever joint' Tumblog called 'Just Chillin' http://imjustchilling.tumblr.com/ Thanks 
Join on up, Silver continues to rise by 10% every week!!  http://www.patriotsilver.net
Join our church live on www.justin.tv/lansdownelive 
Join the #MCRChat pretty pleaaaase! 
Join the Mike TV F-book fanpage! It takes 2 seconds! http://bit.ly/105FkY  CHEEEEERS! 
Join the twibe...I really do not have the faintest idea what it is exactly, but everyone should join it anyways 
Join us at our 3rd EIX on 24th June at D'Lish Cafe, Bangsar Village 1!!! Msg me for more details 
Joined a gym.. w00t for fitness 
Joined and finished the &quot;Zeebodemloop&quot; in Lelystad yesterday for the very first time. Am pretty proud of myself. 
Joined lovefilm.com - now can't think of any films I want to watch! 
Joined Paperback Swap yesterday and already found homes for three of my books.    http://www.paperbackswap.com
joined twitter 
joined twitter now l just want ot twitter 
joined Twitter on a whim haha... Watching That '70s Show 
Joined Twitter, let's see what the fuss is about 
Joining a Twitter group. http://twibes.com/Travel?v=1 - What twibes do you belong to? Hopefully I'll find someone interesting to follow 
Joining twitter to see what Roger and Nathan have to say  Thinking about New Zealand and how to do more vegan activism down here.
joining two forums this week. designertalk and houseforum 
jojo is doing some more gambling. seriously i'm gonna get him some literature on gamblers anonymous. 
Joking, didnt wee on me. I think there gorgeous though 
jon &amp; kate plus 8 !! this is my show! 
Jon burned a Beatles cd...which is cool, I love it. Gonna go burn a cd the kids are gonna like now, lmao. 
Jon could totally say Mannies and Peddies and I would shut my fat face about it.  
Jon just took me to an amazing Thai restraunt. I should be well rounded by October 
jon the crazy tweeter 
jon, add lolcat 
jon... this is for you 
Jona creatief  - http://mobypicture.com/?omcxvz
Jonah is the topic of the day... You saying something God? 
Jonah Takalua is one of my three offical idols 
JONAS advert on disney 
Jonas Akerlund really out did himself this time around! Amazing, I love the fashion was out of this world and the MAKEUP was superb 
Jonas Album out today? What? What?!  bravo, @Jonasbrothers. Another record, more swarms of girls. You're ridiculously awesome.
Jonas brothers - Fly with me  &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
JONAS BROTHERS - Live to party.                It's rocking so hard     I love the song,
Jonas Brothers &amp; Demi Please Comee Too Scotland ! 
Jonas Brothers &amp; Demi tonightttttt  â™¥
JONAS BROTHERS AT WEMBLEY; RIGHT NOWWW!!!!! AAAAHHH!!!! I SHUD B THERE!!!!          
jonas brothers have a song feat miley cyrusss , oh yes 
jonas brothers music report &lt;3 ...trying to make it perfect 
Jonas Brothers New CD Lines, Vines, And Trying Times CD Promo Out June 1... http://bit.ly/8Zuap  
Jonas brothers- paranoid    on disney channel 
jonas brothers was amazing 
jonas brothers.... my guilty pleasure... 
JONAS is awesome! I just watched Groovy Movies  Frankie,, was weird lol
jonas is the coolest serie i know! 
JONAS rocked tonight!  going to bed after I write a lil bit... Night and bless all 
jonas show tonight!! yay! 
JONAS WAS AMAZING&lt;3333333 Taylor loves it more then Jordan  buuuuut; i do HATE penny. just her character :ppp
Jonas will be celebrating #BulgariaDay in Bulgaria tomorrow. You? Bulgaria one of the last countries officially without swine flu 
JONAS YOUTUBE IS BACK UP  WOOO!
Jonathan did well, for all 13 seconds. 
jonathan m'a offert les sims 3 
JonathanMaberry: Working on vampire story 4 anthology.  CJZ: As long as it doesn't interfere w/ PATIENT ZERO sequel  
'jones beach 1988...come on!' 
Jonothan ross was good tonight! The killers were awesome 
joo, you should not be updating during class 
Joop and His dad working @our garden, to make it a real garden and not a wheetplatform  @catrineke visiting me and Anna in a few minutes
jordan is asleep now. shower and a little meee time is in progress 
Jordan read your message dillweed 
Jordin Sparks - Battlefield. Great song. 
Jordin Sparks Battelfeild &amp; Lady Gaga Ft Rihanna Silly Boy  2 songs To Have A Look Out For  
Jose makes me act dirty... it's fun 
Joseph is afraid to fly. Silly cow.  i'll protect him
Joseph is back from Batam 
JOSEPH TROHMAN..COUGH COUGH* FURRY BEARDS. BATHTUBS MAKING 69 CUPCAKES EVERYDAY ;) AND ME AND PATRICK DOING..OH YOU KNOW..STUFF ;) LMFAO 
Josh and Anna Duggar found out today that they are having a girl! I am so happy for them! 
Josh has no life, updating twitter this early in the morning. 
Josh is about to go on a nice Sunday afternoon walk~  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5380121
Josh's grad. party was very nice.  Love you, Joshwa &lt;3
joshua radin and david gray CDs today.  YES YES YES!
Josie and the pussycats is on!!! 
josie and the pussycats movie. im lame huh? i got down to this movie back in the dizzay though. 
Josie; 'kim the bags there, are you disabled or something!?!?' LOL 
'Jour Twitter... 
Journey! Haha this song is always a good sign! Brings back good memories! 
Joy is very close to the (Peak Performance) Flow state where miracles happen 
Joy o joy!!! Another late night  Enjoy it Skip !
Joy Ride will be free place for you to hang out with friends and race. + 5 points for Bryan. 
Joy the sun is coming out!  and I still haven't slept!
Joy to the world - Nick Jonas â™¥ Listening to the old JB songs 
Joy~! Your glass chalk is awesome! My truck is all &quot;Fanime&quot;d out now 
Joy's having a baby boy! Yay! 
JR is the best tattoo artist EVER &lt;-- and that was just to piss him off. I had so much fun at Hub City today  pic of the new tattoo soon
json.dumps(glob.glob(&quot;run/indexed/new/*&quot;))  wow, that was so hard. 
Jst ate an apple fritter. It was delicious. 
jst been 2 inverloch, bak 2 my bro's place now 4 a nice night in 
jst finished watching the curious case of benjamin button.. nice.. 
jst goin over news n read abt Obama attending a grad ceremony in ASU....isn't tht cool!!! 
Jst got back 4rm wisconsin dells 
Jst got my G1 update 
Jst had an AWESUMM idea  I'm sooooo cleva! Haha
Jst had my first bagel of the summer!  it's a super bagel with homemade vegtable cream cheese. 
jst joined twitter!! 
jst left the hospitaL finally--the babies are good 
Jst now saw a Lab. It reminds me about Grogan's Marley! 
Jst spent a grand on new rims for my mustang 
jsut got back from StarBucks and now listening to Adam Lamberts Mad World on my ipod  c u l8r
jsut had a conversation with my niece on the phone. good times 
jsut woke up! What a good husband I have 
JT is pretty hysterical on SNL 
JT won survivor!he is such a cutie 
Ju how could you say that? You guys are fam now 
ju: Lazaro Bridesmaid Dress http://a2a.me/CdY - get it goin' MÃ¤dels! 
Juat got home, Was out at the new blues club, had mexican food myself tonite 
Jubei is a good anime  but I think Full Metal Alchemist was the best so far
Judas Priest at full blast... just waiting for the neighbours to knock on my door 
Judee La La's first summer sale! Enjoy shopping @ www.judeelala.com 
Judge me all you want, but this song is part of my education in growing up  http://blip.fm/~5ed0p
Judith Lucy is on Rove right now. Funny bitch, love her 
Jugando The Sims 3 
juggy is killin it tonight!!! love my juggifer!  hehe
Juhu!! My mac is back!!! 
Juhu, DVDï¿½s sind da 
Juhu, just useful Twitter on my desktop! (witty 2.0 i think!) When 'm away i want to twitter to! but i need a fu**ing ipod touch 
juice diet... ur havin a bubble i dont care if i get fat i luv myself sum foooood  big is beautiful baby!!
Juicy Couture  &lt;3
Jules took me to Pink's in Hollywood last night!  Yay for 1 AM hot dogs! 
Julia Bradbury on BBC One. She's awesome IMHO 
julian and i are twittering...in art. haha yearbook time! sign mine please 
julian has his arm back, and mama has her van AND her kitchen back...life is good 
julian smith is good but just doesn't interest me i find it boring, diversity just have to win! 
Juliana kicked my butt. I'm gonna sleep like a log tonight. It was fabulous. 
julidamizing - for those who know 
JULY 12th (PLANO SUMMERFEST) BLOG IS NOW UP!!! http://tinyurl.com/psumblog 
July 1st I will show you how to run a successful business without relying on &quot;Tv&quot; &quot;Newspaper&quot; ads 
July 6th...Blackberry Storm 
July 7th - Omaha NE - Qwest Center - JB Concert - Who's going? 
july is going to be so much fun! i have quite a bit planned now 
JumbaFund http://bit.ly/sJueS  that's great  helping the less fortunate 
jump from a 10 feet platform but i missed the pool.....  Itchy Poopzkid sind toll!!!
Jumped into a closed glass door tonight  GO ME.
jumped off the wharf today. in the coldest wind and rain...really cool 
Jumping for joy cause Nadal lost in the 4th round at the French Open 
Jumping in the shower now, then going to head off to Uni. The weather is f**king awesome today! 
jumping on a train now- times seem much shorter, maybe I should travel during the day more often. 
jumping on a trampoline 
jumping on a trampoline in the rain 
Jumping on the bike with my 3 kids and Sofie. Bike-ride in the sun! 
Jumping out of bed to go runnnnnnnnnning with my Daddy 
jumping up and down for Vettel !! 
June 11th 2009 is the last day of my old school and the first day of a long and sunny summer break   But its also sad because I gonna miss
June 15th &amp; 17th are going to be the best days ever! 4 Weeks  
june 2009 and you can't Single Sign On (SSO) with Google or Yahoo! ?  really? what do twitter employees do?
june 20th is going to be the best day ever! 
June 21st should be the best day EVER! 
June 22 beyonce conert  can't waittt
June 22!! That sucks.  3 full days, 2 half days left for me!   And I am counting every one of them down.
june 27 is my grad party. You guys shoudl save the date and look for a facebook invite soon 
JUNE 6 8 AM. JB LIVE CHAT.  For the Philippines.
June 8 will be my first day to write in twitter while studying (maybe...),  this will be my last twitter for the last day of summer, nyt2 
june 8th needs to hurry the eff up 'cause i wanna cuddle. anyway, party party this weekend for gi's grad. it's gonna be ridic and silly 
JUNE AND JULY ARE ALMOST FULL!! so now, is the time to get booked  http://zoestewartphoto.blogspot.com/ have a peek 
June gloom is no match for me.  Getting lots done today... latte from Literati Cafe deserves some of the credit. 
June hols are nearing! yaya! Didn't see Sonica in school today..D; Am relaxing with a glass of lemonadee. 
June is LGBT Pride month!      Finally... my own month. haha I'm going to be volunteering at a few Pride Parades this summer, hopefully.
june is my favorite month.. 
June is now looknig like its gonna be a perfect month for gigs 
JUNE! you know what that means, yayayay birthday plans 
Junior year of high school is done!!! Senior year baby!!! wooh! 
JUNIORS JUST DOMINATED AT POWDERPUFF!!  &quot;1-0..you know!&quot;
Juni's off for the month. More time to work on projects, but only because they are enjoyable. 
juno and i watched terminator salvation. i didn't like it. but i'm super happy.  http://plurk.com/p/x18i7
Jurassic Park 
jurassic park is on now, only watching for 30 mins, watching BB at 9 
Jury went very well, as usual  ;) quite encouraging since I didn't even spend as much time and effort on it as I was supposed to..
jury's out on whether that's a good thing or a bad thing   And they actually swim!!!!   The other ones just hung out at the bottom
jus came bak frum dat freakin awesome party  made out wit 2 sexii gurls n danced wit errbody n flirted wit err1 except fur 1 chick
jus chiilaxing in the garden 
jus chillin.watchin Losing Isaiah...bout 2 take a shower &amp;&amp; go 2 bed 
JUS DID SO WHO ON THIS THANG! 
Jus did the OLD SKOOL FAT GIRL MOVE....spuck a spoonful of penut butter!!! Hmmm hmmm good!!! 
jus enjoying my holidays 
Jus finish school ; COOKING 
jus finished best friends hair.. its real hott *dusts shoulders*.. now ice cream and sleep..long day tomorro.. 
jus finished shopping 
Jus finishin up takin a nice long walk on the Universal City walk on such a beautiful night...  now I'm ready 2 go 2 bed! I'm TIRED!
jus g0t home from dha clubb 
Jus got back 2 da crib, vacumin the pOoL. . . It's a thondy playground 
jus got back from hangin with some friends i haven't seen in a while...now i'm with my love 
Jus got done ballin  i must say i am getting better
Jus got done ballin  now eating yum
jus got home  had a grt weekend! txtt me. lets do sumthin 2nite
JUS GOT HOME  LOL
jus got home from vagabonddd funn nightt 
jus got home makeing some fooddddddd 
jus got home. tired tho and im watchin the new episode of hannah montana!  wassup yall? what yall up to?
jus got home.. ugh im so tired yet thers still more to do! gud thing sthers milkway chocolate lols 
Jus got thru with an awesome work out, bout to make some alfredo,n get down to business 
juS gt my hair done. bout ta get some food. 
jUS HAd A F00d FiGHT WiT MY CHiLDiSH ASS C0USiN! iN HER KiTCHEN ... hA! hA! STUPiD 
jus had a long nice video chat with family after a long long time..  feels good to see their faces  now finally!!  
jus had the best time ever! i totally need 2 do this more often! lovin the fact that i have my license &amp;&amp; a vehicle! WOOT! WOOT! 
Jus hit the casa, changing my swag cloth. Would it be the Pradas or the Dunks tonight?? 
jus join twitter.. 
jus made plans for tonite. looks like its gonna be a short nite out 
jus made soup..and it's delicious!!  
jus performed at the friendliest church .. pmcc.. eating at bobcafe my old work 
Jus read Robert Bianco picks 4 Emmys in USAToday. 1st time I have agreed w/majority of his picks. Way 2 go Rob. 
Jus read through all my Christmas cards in 2008. 2008 has been good, and 2009 is going to be even EXCITING!  steps closer to our dreams!
jus saw this bird ah was gone fight in middle skool....lmao still waitin un ha tuh run up  lmfao am to funni
jus take a look for my tweets now 
jus took a shower woke up early dis mornin @ lyk 5:30 gotta get dress den eat my breakfast (fruity pebbles) den ima b gone  goodmornin btw
JUS WAKIN UP HUNGRY THEN A MUTHA FINNA HIT UP THE CAR MEET TODAY CATCH ME SWANGIN WIT HOU TEX RYDERS WE GOT A PHOTOSHOOT TODAY 
jus woke up feel good, back in london, left the sunny moroccan weather back 2 work &amp; paaaaarty 
jus woke up n it looks really nice outside 
jus woke up nd im already beating my meat... OMG!! Get ur mind outta the gutter.I meant pounding out flank steak so I can hav breakfeast 
Jus woke up!!!!!!! Crazy night 
jus woke up, and looking forward to tonight 
jus woke up, had a massive headache last nite but now its gone 
jus woke!! looks like a lovely day!! off shoppin shortly  x x
Jusr woke up - kids are excited because today is Disney's Magic Kingdom and grandparents are here with us now - Mickey and Minnie today 
juss boredd, ! 
juss chilllinnnn 
juss found out we are going to another game Thursday!!  Yayness.
juss got done swimming.. that was greatttt.. got my laps in n got a tan 
juss got home ughhhhh so much to think about  thanx sis had a good time lol
juss got home; day wuznt so gud; i pass out mi SWEET SIXTEEN invites; everybody loved them of course 
juss got in from partying hard last night wit my tinaa &amp; co.  luvv u baybeee HA! now off to work til 3pm with like only 2hours of sleep
juss got in tha crib....watchin that 70s show.....super blitted nd munchin 
Juss got threw wachin room raiders..goin to bed now, gnite! @ LuckyChavez.. Go to sleep already   P.S..ihavenopostscript! 
juss now waking up. gettin ready for more training. 
juss remembered i have a bag of sour patch kids hidden in my room. yessss 
Juss woke up  bout to go walking 
juss woke up not 2 long ago had a good night  about 2 start cleanin up ma room
Just  finished  reading  this really cool journal on postholer.com, man... do i fell inspired 
Just  found all these new pictures from my photo shoot that I had never seen!! yay 
Just  had a nice long chat with one of my longtime friends. Haha. we had a lot of catching up to do 
just  passed a warehouse of only golf shoes and i said &quot;woah!&quot; haha. im so weird 
just  talked to brad for over an hour 
Just  tried taking a pic of the fog but its.....foggy LOL  Guess sometimes u just gotta be there 
just 10 days for the rockkkkkkk 
Just 2 followers away from the big 1,000 now! Our 1000th follower can name a charity of their choice for us to donate Â£100 to 
Just 2 more days to iPhone OS 3.0 
just 2 say hi from Melbourne.. my surf time running out.. bye 
Just 20 days until the next season of Top Gear airs 
Just 4 days left in school and then I will be heading to Montenegro!! WOHOO! sweeet it is ;) one week left exactly to Montenegro 
Just 4 More Dayz Of Skewl!! 
just a 13 hour sleep 
Just a baby step! I miss you 
Just a couple more hrs till I hAve fun with my loves 
Just a day at the office,   http://twitpic.com/69dmf
just a day with the girlies 2daii, so funni non of us could work out how to use a row boat and ended up crashing into the bushes! Lol  X
just a few hours of sleep in the past 3 days..crashing...hopefully not waking back up for at least 12 hours 
Just a few hours till my penultimate exam 
just a few more days until i see wavorly, the wedding, house of heroes, and the red airplanes. then i'll see my brother's band with them! 
just a few more hours, and I'll be buying a gift. Any suggestions? 
Just a friendly reminder, friends: YO MAMA. This Sunday. Mother's Day 
just a Liddo edit ; b4 i qoe to bed. nite twitts  .http://i42.tinypic.com/21oo3gk.png
Just a little shake  #earthquake - back to editing.   http://yfrog.com/5ehrsj (via @joshcoxrun)
just a quick reminder, only a few more days to enter your videos guys 
Just a reminder   CBS News Sunday Morning features Dave Matthews Band: May 31st http://tinyurl.com/mblu4s  #dmb
Just a reminder follow @Nadia_Bellamont  PS im bored at work whats everyone up to?
just a reminder peeps, educate u'rself b4 u shop http://bit.ly/4Q2GY every $ is a vote... http://bit.ly/3jjt6 give  j
Just a reminder to @ellenmarsh that she is welcome to pop round for coffee tomorrow.. i have some nice biscuits in 
Just a reminder: my birthday is in 7 days. Feel free to message me for a complete list  of bday gift ideas 
Just a selection of peeps who make me smile on a daily basis 
just a shout out to hayden krebs. he is amazing at life. makes school enjoyable  well done krebs.
Just a tad hungover from last night 
just a test  http://www.rockabillyband.de/ayotech.mp3
Just a warning....Going to be giving my thoughts on Nintendo and Sony today. IF you don't wanna read....mute now 
Just about 15hours left to the New Moon trailer..  Can't wait anymore!!
Just about 3 days and then ... Vacation! But can't wait to visit California ! 
Just about done commissioned bracelet. Need to be sure of the measurements then will be ready to send it to it's new home 
Just about done with this new vid me and Forrest made, I'll link it when we are done 
just about finished my personal growth plan for next year, very exciting stuff - can't wait to get it started again 
Just about ready to call it quits for the day. Finished of a revamp of my blog site &amp; am going to read my sci-fi book - House of Suns. 
Just about ready to go to bed. It was a long day today. Good night. 
just about to collect my babies from school 
Just about to eat the cake Cole made for me....I'm just a bit excited 
Just about to fill the pool up and take a dip 2 cool off 
just about to go home. I'm usually 'mr. positive' but this has been one of those daze. well, 15 mins until tomorrow! 
Just about to go to gym as i like to keep fit!! 
Just about to go to sleep  night whoever reads this (psh no one) LOL night 
Just about to go to sleep. Headache. Haha. Night2. 
Just about to have a bbq in the sun - I just need to burn off the last meal first 
Just about to have a lovely home made Sunday dinner 
Just about to head off for a sunny day in St As 
Just about to look for a bike! 
Just about to meet Richard hammond  &lt;3 I effin love the Hammond
Just about to set off on a book hunt. I always set off hoping for huge bag of 1st editions.Dickens 1st ed. for a pound would be nice 
just about to start working!! been in the office for 39 minutes so far and ain't lifted a finger yet!! apart from to type this!! 
Just about to try out the Guitar Hero Greatest Hits demo 
Just about to walk home from my aunts. Looks like it's going to rain  x
Just added &quot;Next Video Converter  2.6.0&quot; to our essentials list. Check it out at: http://www.favelist.com. Free of course 
Just added a chatroom to the site! Check it out, and start chatting  http://treeckopwn.com/chat.php. Plus, I added another friend,&quot;Anng12&quot;
Just added Craiglist channel (ATL area) RSS feed to Viigo. 
just added heaps of new celebs. lana, i think we're the only true twitterers  ILY all
Just added the greatest link building property to the new site. Sign up now at http://www.immembership.com for a discount, launch Thurs 
just added twitter to my favorites 
Just added two new flyers to the portfolio. www.marcoahmier.com - click the &quot;print&quot; tab. 
Just added Venus's Profile to my following_me list 
Just adding even more functionality to ViSiTeach. Even I'm impressed  And created the aweber list for potential publishers
Just adding some final tweaks to my maplestory/world of warcraft commercial spoof.  It's turning out pretty good. 
Just adopted a red Chow Chow named Lucy! She's 4, nice and really cute. 
Just adopted Arrow the Orca  [an Orca is a killer whale] In Canada I believe. Who wants to go whale spotting? 
Just after a lovely lunch, thanks to my amazing mum 
Just agreed to do some router and client installations for the landlord of a pub, getting paid in beer for the labour hours 
Just an FYI to all you BOYS &amp; GIRLS!! Remember....I AM THE BOSS...I get what I want when I want. So quit yo frontin before I bite you  
just another epic video done by us...its called &quot;The Theory of Why&quot;...  check it outt! 
Just another gorgeous day outside 
Just answered my phone.. and i was in tears..  happy tears..
Just appeared on TV. On channel 7 if you thought you saw us 
just applied for a job 
just applied for diva 
Just applied for medical student membership at The American College of Surgeons 
just arrive at home.hmm.let see what i bought today 
Just arrived after grabbing some hot wings with my loves. 
just arrived at Dulles. it's freezing and I'm on no sleep, but.....I'm happy. 
Just arrived at ECPI to sign up for classes 
Just arrived at home from 2 hours of class. 
just arrived at home- it was great but exhausting^^ so, ill just relax and chill a lil bit with my rabbit 
Just arrived at home. 
just arrived at the friend's party. Booze are flowing. Will not drink. 
Just arrived at the hospital. Leave me comments I will reply! promise 
Just arrived at the Hotel Riviera. They upgraded our room to Sea View instead of Garden view which we had made the reservation earlier 
just arrived at the netshop a few minutes ago..  Pacquiao vs Hatton tomorrow morning..  Good luck Manny!!!
Just arrived at The Subiaco Oval for Freemantle v Richmond. Hope it's a good game  http://twitpic.com/68wob
Just arrived at wilmington!  FINALLY!
just arrived at work, got 7 minutes left.. feeling tired, so i'm gonna start with a coffee (like always) 
just arrived from Coffee Bean Gateway 
just arrived from dinner w/ Jason at Chowking... hot lomi &amp; sweet pao 4 me! 
just arrived from party boat, funny ass overnight trip, trying to figure out wireless internet, at the heart of Helsinki now! 
Just arrived from school, it was ok, but I can't wait to go back on holidays 
Just arrived home  xd
Just arrived home and now i'm gonna watch TV  
Just arrived home from the beach. Had a blast but the only thing on my mind now is a hot shower and sleep. 
Just arrived in Brum meeting Mr Smith for a few shandys before we hit HTID 
just arrived in chicago! leaving for france on tuesday 
just arrived in dubai 
Just arrived in Paris. ADORABLE hotel room. Surprise bouquet of flowers on the desk for me 
just arrived in tegernsee. and the rain has stopppped.. 
just arrived in Zagreb, after a 47 hour drive! Time to do some work.. 
Just arrived to Magic Mtn! Time to hit the rides! 
just as i decided to change to firefox, there was safari 4.0 and it's pretty 
just as i finish checking all my emails, i get 5 more. because like 5 more people are following me on twitter. hi people following me! 
Just as I was contemplating naming the lakes in the yard, the water has begun to receed 
Just at my sister's. Soon to be home and den sum naps. 
just at some Tacos al Carbon! yum.now... watching Frasier with my mom and sis... 
Just at staffs train station picking up the mrs, listening to a bit of the #BonJovi #LostHighway album, with the sun shining  good times
just ate 3 packets of sugar...feeling like i could jump so high i can see where stephanie lives 
Just ate a bowl of Apple Jacks and I'm ready to go back to work. Yes 31yo and still love those red and green O's. 
just ate a cookie that looked like a flip flop 
just ate a huge ice cream cone!!!!!!!!!! totally deserved i lost weight that i shouldnt hv but oh well... i want another one!!!!!!!! 
Just ate a late dinner, Know about to go to bed! Can't wait for a beauitful tomarrow!!  xoxo
Just ate a nice cheesy pizza, got my Irn Bru(slightly addicted!) and planning on watching 8 out of 10 cats @jimmycarr and fri nite @rossy 
just ate a ridiculous amount of strawberries. Yummy 
just ate a sammich with like a million slices of tomato on it. i'm going to die of heartburn in about an hour. but it was worth it. yum. 
Just ate a scotch egg.. or is it a scotched egg? Realised dave now knows my twitter name which means hes gunna spy. hi dave 
Just ate a whole pizza all by my lonesome  driving home tomorrow!
Just ate about 10,000 Skittles, watching Flight of the Conchords videos on YouTube. Fantastic combo there... weweweweww yay it's Friday! 
Just ate an apple 
just ate an egg roll yummy 
just ate an incredible dinner...grilled pork chops, baked beans, and potato salad. 
Just ate at fudruckers.. Now watching hangover 
just ate bread with butter and cottage cheese or &quot;kesong puti&quot; haha.. i used to hate it, but now i like it a lot. 
just ate breakfast. 
Just ate brownies with petros and maddie 
just ate brunch; gosh i feel so fatt -- going to my friends party later 
just ate Catfish Cabin. One of the few things I miss about Jackson 
Just ate catfish for the first time and it was good 
just ate cinnamon rolls for breakfast...now time for lunch  that could have to do with the fact i woke up way late...??...maybe??
Just ate del taco!! About to go get a new tattoo!!! 
Just ate dinner with family 
just ate dinner. fast food. 
just ate friend noodles.. and still hungry... 
just ate good at Pei Wei with Peter &amp; Craven.....  liked what was written in my fortune cookie too   
Just ate like a million cookies while watching part of the HOUSE marathon...  Now, I'm IMing with some of my chums. Much peace and &lt;3! 
just ate lunch 
just ate lunch.. 
Just ate more sushi, now about to indulge in some Fentons while I get my cuddle on.  good life.
Just ate muffins. Looking forward to scary movie night with the girls. 
Just ate my breakfast, now trying to write something off my chest,... my blog will soon have 200 posts. Woohoo... 
just ate my first home grown lettuce salad out of my garden - so proud 
Just ate my sausage and eggs so im happy... Waiting till 12 when my little bros game starts... I love to watch them play 
Just ate oj and chocolate chip pancakes, Yum 
just ate pineapples+bananas...  = MY DINNER 
Just ate some Apple Jacks. I want some more 
just ate some flame ass food yumm 
Just ate some fruit and egg whites...keepin in healthy today. Goin for a run then starting my dayyy!  Have a good day to all.
Just ate some SLAMMIN' salsa that my dad made. Yumm! 
just ate some Stroopwafflen 
Just ate some super yummy tacos... now I'm looking for jobs. Woop. 
Just ate Taco Bell! Doin some laundry  Dennis is oily muahaha: Just ate Taco Bell! Doin some laundry  Dennis.. http://tinyurl.com/lln9qe
just ate the best steak n avocado sandwich!!mmmmm yum yum 
Just ate the delicious dinner I made  http://twitpic.com/65va5
Just ate the most unhealthy foods: french Fries and donuts 
Just ate this really good pizza 
just ate with the bff....always knows how to cheer me up 
just ate. so full! 
just ate... yummmm....     wassup lamb fam?? 
just atee some ice cream yummmmi. now im in bed talking on msn and watching tv 
Just attended a wonderful yoga class. Feeling refreshed. 
Just attended mass 
Just awake. In bed with a cup of tea. 
just b/c we like him  @Knownhuman #FollowFriday
Just back from #Budapest. Nice city  The hungarian language is totally incomprehensible... #Hungary
Just back from a fantastic weekend seeing the children; great catch up, food &amp; quality time together- helped both with crockery backlog! 
just back from a lovely day at school brain freeze with alisha and arguing in textiles with india  now ready to enjoy a nice sunny evening
Just back from a nice evening walk. 
just back from all time low. sick-as! got a hug from jack  and am still hard of hearing
Just back from class. Might take a leaf from @jokalew book and have a BBQ 
just back from dtown  went for lunch and coffee then walking in the park with my mum  awww so happy!!!
Just back from fantastic 5k run in some actual warm weather  Great destresser, now back to work.
Just back from graduation.  Two more doctors in the family now 
Just back from jogging outside. P!nk's music always helps me through it 
Just back from lunch with Stevo - he almost got me done for shop lifting! 
Just back from Mt. Olympus - Wi. Dells!  Had a good day with the kids and friends too!  All a bit sunburned though... 
just back from performance.  Oh and @MichaelJavert if you want to practice singing try starting with breathing exercises.  Simple Hissing 
just back from school. eating soup 
just back from school. oh my hair is a mess :'D but anyways, today's my mom's birthday. HAPPY B-DAY MOM!! &lt;33 
Just back from shopping, got new shoes  Appointment at the hairdresser at 14:30.
just back from swimming. Ace start to the day. 
just back from tesco, about to sit in the sun. 
Just back from the most amazing morning shopping in Roeselare with Els, Kaitie, Missy, and @corynjrivera. Speculoos ice cream 
just back from the shop with ppv munch for tonight! i feel shattered. a nice chilled sunday is in order 
Just back from walk, now heading out to Zumba!  Working off all that grad party fun from the weekend 
just back from walk. cant wait for food 
Just back from walking the dog, catching up on emails and stuff after a weekend gardening 
Just back from watching my nephew's soccer championship (he won!) and now almost time for tim's wedding 
just back from WEST HIGHLAND WAY !  did first 7 miles x fun stufff! it started to poarrr! lolol ;d pure soakin x hair so curly:|took fotos
just back home 
just back in room after a gr8 day @ kovalam beach 
Just bagged up 4 bags of clothes to be taken to the clothes bin. I have a choice of either air ambulance or the heart foundation 
Just Bak From my Maths Exam     No Maths Ever Again http://tinyurl.com/kj369j
just baked a bday cake for my mom 
just baked a cake... yup, you heard me right 
Just baked a chocolatecake, now Im going out to lay in the sun. Great weather up here! 
Just Be Yourself 
Just beat #inFamous as a hero.  Pretty damn fun.  Now to do it again as a bad guy.  
Just beat it! 
just beat Kessler and finished the evil storyline on infamous. I thoroughly enjoyed that  Now time for the good storyline!
Just beat Kieran at Wii golf  jackpot! Though he won wii tennis. Having said that, I always thought golf was a far superior game...
Just beat my dad at arcade hoops 39-38. Cheryl: i hope i done u proud 
just because i'm losing doesn't mean i'm lost- coldplay 
just because it's fun....a little bopping, a little rock 'n roll... http://bit.ly/47oHl  Thanks PJ 
just because the da vinci code is awesome doesn't mean jesus can't be the most admired bachelor!.
just beeen working out and now waiting for my iceblendeddd 
Just been 2 the village car boot sale in the sunshine. Everything 2nd hand &amp; fraction of the price. So much fun! - recycling @ its best 
just been 4 a great meal with ma family  !!!! 
Just been asked to sing yet again....aha. coffee mornin this time. psychology past questions&amp;revision suck! 
just been cleaning up my mac - didn't realize how much junk was on it ! ! will have to onyx it tonight 
Just been doing a little bit of Jiu Jitsu revision for my grading tomorrow, I think I know everything!  I am totally prepared!
Just been geeking out watching the Google Wave presentation - http://is.gd/JvaA - Amused they used Initech as an example organisation 
Just been gossiping with @Tea_tyrant?! 
Just been hacked. Sorry tweeps. Thanks @mattmartincouk for the heads up 
Just been listening to @100MonkeysMusic great, different, and occasionally weird. Just the way I like it 
Just been or another lovely run  The workmen werent staring at me this time.. they arent even here yet.. its nearly 11 people?!
Just been sat outside in the glorious sunshine 
Just been shoe/s (plural) shopping, happy start to the wknd! Up next: girly dinner 
just been shop for cigs in a pair of roller boots  dont fink the shopkeeper bargained on me skatin in at 5.30am lol
just been swimin with my best bud  xx
Just been swimming. Off for a Nachos and hot chocolate now. 
just been testing out printing on fabric with an inkjet printer, &amp; it turned out pretty sweet. So I'm going to use it on a set of buttons 
Just been to allotment. The first sowings of peas and broad beans are up   Down into the garden next.  But first - must wash front door!!!
Just been to Dechatlon and bought some weights. I should be buff by Monday 
Just been to jack bridge and played cards 
Just been to Rainbow and bought sausage rolls  and pringles and other junk 
Just been to see Drag Me To Hell with Courtney.. that was fun. So was blutoothing people on buses on the way back 
just been to splash down wiv saffy 
Just been told an internal Carphone Warehouse memo puts the next gen iPhone release date as July 17. (via @alisongow) I hope so 
just been told by a client I didn't look like a Radu, love it 
just been told to stop toe tapping to Justine Timberlake by my daughter - that put me in my place 
Just been up the empire state building. One of the best experiences I've ever had in my life. Bloody amazing 
Just been with my cousins and their friend with tourettes. Never been sweared at so many times in one day, but he's such a lovely guy 
Just been woken up by mum so listening to the @CHRISDJMOYLES podcast because I didn't get chance to over the weekend 
Just been woken up dy the delivery man who brought me American food treats  including oreo Pop-Tarts!
just before I go. I have a weakness for tall sexy guys with glasses. Help me! Im dying of love  giggles
just before PMQs too!  Brilliant timing 
Just blogged a sketch: http://bit.ly/iD5dI Will post again later. 
just b'n extremely board!!!1 my friend is com'n over in like 10 minutes &amp; she's gonna spend the night. 
Just boarding our last flight and heading home to pittsburgh. 
Just boiled spinach in my steam oven/grill/microwave...sometimes the coolest Japanese tech toys are in the kitchen 
just bonded with sundae, jc and the family  http://plurk.com/p/z3ws0
Just booked 2 weeks in Zante!  Yay! 
Just booked a job!  http://www.kustomkate.com guess I'll be working on samples while painting my cabinets 
Just booked a role on Z-Rock! 
Just booked a Sunday ticket to Krabi. Beautiful beach, British babe, here I come! Life is good  #LIP
Just booked a ticket for Lovebox on Sunday  looking forward to Doves, Groove Armada, Wave Machines, Simian and Noah &amp; the Whale!
Just booked a ticket to go to NY and NJ in 3 weeks....Shore house in the Hamptons with my BF and FH...Literally cannot get any better!!! 
Just booked my bus home!  Coming in on June 24th  #fb
just booked my driving test 
Just booked my third wedding for the summer!!! 
Just booked New Orleans for my 22nd Birthday Bash 
just booked the ticket to France.  
Just booted for little brother and friends on his 16th birthday .. Awe they grow up so quickly 
just bored and about to FINALLY ;o get off of myspace 
just bought &quot;The girls love Drake&quot; on itunes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just bought @ PaoloNutini new album sunny side up i love love love it  my fave is growin up beside you right now 
Just bought @KylerRay a present 
Just bought 2 Moleskin soft and hard cover notebooks. I know they're JUST notebooks, but they are &lt;3. Seriously! 
Just bought 2 new reads - The Ten Commandments For Business Failure and More Softies: 22 New Friends For You To Sew And Crochet 
Just bought 22 dollars of ice cream with Ash Judy, Alyssa, and Momma Manjack. We're having a good night 
just bought a block of land today  now who wants to build me a house
Just bought a brand new guitar off my cousin for 10 dollars 
just bought a bunch of accessories for my ipod touch 
just bought a cool t-shirt!  http://plurk.com/p/vi8ci
Just bought a D&amp;G watch. I fuckin luv it !! my early bday gift 
Just bought a flavor for my snow cone machine  mhm!Yummay! I need new sunglasses Rachel&amp;I have a plan!Yezzz-sir-E we do Ruless to Much!
just bought a Hellogoodbye, a Coldplay, and an All-American Rejects CD! 
just bought a kit kat on my break because I thought of &quot;have a break..have a kit kat&quot; 
just bought a little yellow outfit for Chelsea 
Just bought a new camera 
just bought a new cellphone 
Just Bought A New Computer Chair For $3.99. Sweet Deal 
Just bought a new fishing rod and reel 
Just bought a new jacket, like emo mj haha. Across the road from the metro... I can see our poster 
Just bought a second Droplet from @JamFactory. Excited to see which one is going to turn up!  http://bit.ly/GpW69
Just bought a suit for prom 
just bought a sunflower!!! 
just bought a ticket for regina spektor! (july 14 amsterdam) 
just bought a turtle. i thought it was dead, i found out it was just shy. 
just bought a whole lot of nice things &lt;3, including this pumpkin/feta sandwich 
Just bought at dress for the wedding this month!! Suuppeerrrr cute 
Just bought Boom Blox Bash Party...fun game so far! Beautiful day in Asheville. 
Just bought both Batman's on Blu-Ray 
Just bought Call of Duty: World at War from Steam for 25$.. Sweeeet 
Just bought Canon EF 200mm f/2.8L II USM and Canon EF 135mm f/2.0L USM for my 5D baby. Extremly happy!!! 
just bought eddplants album 
just bought Global Dance Festival and Electric Daisy Carnival tickets! see you there 
just bought ice cream off an ICE CREAM TRUCK!!!! i cant believe they still exist!! 
just bought jigsaw.. one song and my dad wants 2 kill sov 
Just Bought JONAS BROTHERS CD.. 
Just bought Kaizers Orchestra's lp Maskineri on white vinyl 
just bought mah City and Colours, TBS and preorder AOF 
Just bought MORE clothes for when I go to Turkey. woooo!! 
just bought my @warped09 tix  please dm me if you are a PA band scheduled to play.. you will get free Penn State media promo
just bought my first car, woohoo 
just bought my grooveticket to EDC2009 whhaatttt.. Sat Jun 27 is where I'll be 
Just bought my pre-sale Maccabees tickets a day early...now to get my Cribs tickets and I'll be a happy chappy 
Just bought my SAT books xDD    study study!    funn~ ...T^T
Just bought my tickets for muse! Thank you O2 
Just bought my tickets for Strung Out! Thanks to @ClarkE__ I will now be attending! 
Just bought my tickets for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Its going to be a great summer. http://bit.ly/9GEZI
Just bought my tickets to beyonces concert. Gon be off tha hook ! Cant wait 
Just bought myself a year of Last.FM! And I feel good about it... 
just bought new clothes and camera whoop! love it when dad actually spends stuff 
just bought our &quot;drummer&quot; will be arriving at the end of the week! 
Just bought our tickets for @csts Can't Stop the Serenity for 5:00! 
Just bought plane tickets from Bangkok, Thailand to Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam  One plane ticket down, two to go!
Just bought pre-earthquake anthem and fight sounds by circlesquare. Been meaning to for a while now. Awesome downtempo synth and vocals 
just bought really 'greece-y' gladiators. last leg of my trip &amp; i finally give in to temptation! ah. 
just bought school supplies... i will now enjoy my one week of vacation. 
Just bought some bright orange card 2 make my JB and Demi banner 4 wembley in 9 days!!! 2 say in the least u'll c me coming!  xox
Just bought some Mass XXX Weight Gainer. Time to start working out and get big! 
Just bought some merchandise from Livestrong 
Just bought some nice sun glasses for under fifty bucks 
Just bought some sleek looking USB speakers by LaCie for my office  http://bit.ly/4vJ9Kv
just bought songs-from.co.uk 
Just bought Star War's Episodes 2 and 3 on dvd and is going to go watch them now 
Just bought the black clandestine batmond necklace on ebay. Hooray for shopping 
just bought the domain shaneshaneshane.com 
Just bought the most wonferful book. And the girl in the bookshop said the nicest thing to me 
Just bought the movie Knocked Up, I think this is a valuable purchase 
just bought the new @Jonasbrothers cd. Ready for the concert next monday. 
Just bought the new atl single on iTunes,I felt bad for downloading it last night,haha.  http://twitpic.com/7j4rs
just bought the new green day cd, yay!!! 
just bought the new Hillsong United album [already #1 on iTunes] and you should, too! 
Just bought The Orange Box so my free trial of TF2 wouldn't run out. Stuck in Portal, but HL2 is extremely awesome 
Just bought the shirt &quot;The messaging system we didn't know we needed until we had it&quot;  - can't wait to get it 
Just bought the ticket to summer course in Lolland, Denmark with H.H. 17th Karmapa Trinlay Thaye Dorje and Lama Ole Nydahl.. yeahh 
Just bought the whole ccs store. Haha.  now eating in hickory at fudruckers 
just bought tickets for a wee Biffy Clyro gig in Dunfermline next weekend  
just bought tickets for junior boys @ http://bit.ly/IPyEm. hope this time their sampler does not die like in new york 
Just bought tickets to Aurora's 1st big dance recital!! 
just bought tons of plants 
Just bought two of the limited edition Huge Herman mugs from TikiBarTV   (picked up a tshirt too!)
just bought You with @melorahardin &amp; @allisonmack (@youthefilm) I can't wait till it gets here! 
Just bowled my first 100+ pt game! 
Just broke 10,000 in Xbox 360 Achievements 
Just broke the 1,901 followers mark. Too bad a lot of you are FILTHY SPAM! But many - so, so many - are lovely  So thanks for following 
just brought Aladdin on DVD 
just brought Hornet for a walk! nice weather 
Just brought Lee Jun Ki's first Album..was suppose to get his latest album J Style but it's sold out.. I'll go CD hunting this friday wee 
Just brought the Sims 3! 
just browsed the shots. quite some good ones. a nice day for a petrolhead and a interesting day for a photographer in 1 
Just built a new $400 comp - Gigabyte MA78GM2 MB, Athlon Phenom 8650 triple core... 15-25 FPS in SL w built-in graphics 
just busted a quick mission with churro to pick up a sack 
just call me captain bread maker 
Just Call Me Debbie Travis  Making Throw Pillows FOR MY NEW HOUSE!
just call me desperato 
Just call me dr aprill 
Just came across this post from @myrtty (thanks http://is.gd/Ckek about TheSixtyOne music service. Cool 
Just came back (well yesterday) from the Hannah M. movie, I LOVED IT! I went to the highest part of the cinema to dance! BEAUTIFUL SONGS 
Just came back for a midterm...Just one more month to graduate in my english course! FINALLY!!!! 
just came back frm watchin' 17 again .  it was one of th BEST movie ive ever seen .Thumbs UP !!! )
just came back from a good barbeque. 
Just came back from a great Ayria concert at the Pyriamid. Jennifer Parkin signed one of her CD's I bought and we chatted briefly.  
Just came back from a hiphop dance class!! A bit awkward.. But it was kinds fun.. Haha! 
just came back from a memorable trip at london 
just came back from a nice bike ride with her family and is now refreshed thanks to a shower 
Just came back from a run in the park! 
Just came back from a smooth 25 km bike tour. Now I want coffee, a lot of coffee. 
Just came back from funweekend! It was great! 
just came back from hanging with chels after work ended! boy that girl is a ball of fun 
just came back from hunting with mummy and daddy! 
just came back from joshuas house! took my anger out along with him. really nice 
just came back from karaoke &amp; eating dinner with emily. it was sooooo much fun 
just came back from kickboxing class. Yeeeee! And they were playing disco music from the 70's! lolz! Fun stuff. 
just came back from london. 
just came back from lunch. preparing for church  cant wait to see Gideon and hear Steven Munsey!
Just came back from malaysia!!Cut loads of grass 
just came back from meeting the parents... lucky the parents these days are understanding and suppportive.. 
just came back from Menchies. it was so good  yummm.
Just came back from my first ubuntu install party ever. It was great 
Just came back from my sister's baptism. Now just hanging out with my family. 
just came back from orchard! lunch now 
Just came back from Pac Breezy! Nice way to celebrate the end of classes!  Plus got a pic with Gangsta ass Lou Seal!
Just came back from Parent/Teacher interviews. They actually went really well. Mum's really proud of me. 
just came back from piano lesson. middle east food is really good! im serious! WATCHING NBA FINALS! GO MAGIC!!! 
just came back from school 
just came back from school. Hello twttrppl! 
Just came back from seeing &quot;Up&quot;. Cried so many times. Such a cute movie and also funny 
Just came back from shopping and running errands.Girls will be in bed soon.  Then will watch a dvd. Got 5 for $5, so lots to pick from 
just came back from subic..  hehehe! i had fun with my family and old friends... thank you!
just came back from supermarcet, met a long mist friend , day starts good today 
just came back from sushi maki. havent had it in a long time, so that made me happy 
just came back from sydney fashion weekend. had the best time. 
Just came back from the doctor. I'm tired of waiting 5 hours on the same Fuc*** chair! Home sweet home! And I ate Subway for dinner!! 
Just came back from the famous Hundred Islands. Belated Happy Birthday Ate Karms! 
Just came back from the garages, darn its hot. Now time to go to the gym 
Just came back from the gym  I feel good!
just came back from the mall, i bought some nice sunglasses 
Just came back from the Mexican mall (flea market). &lt;3 coconut water  Oh and atti, I await the music-label-less cd that you burn for us 
just came back from the party, fully sobered up.. LOL wow what a niiiiiight.... haha &lt;3 love you melissa, happy birthdaaaayyyy!!! 
Just came back from the pool 
Just came back from the rock climbing gym for the first time in months. It felt really good 
just came back from the roxx, Coco Rocha was there  now watching MTV movie awards GO TWILIGHT &lt;3
just came back from the stripclub. them bitches were loving my ass. and i got sum #'s, and I saw a cute stud, got her # too! hehehe 
just came back from toy shops and a cup of ya kun coffee  http://plurk.com/p/y36pw
just came back from visiting some wineries in Niagara:WOW 
Just came back from watching Monsters vs Aliens. 
Just came back home after a long day 
Just came back home from Bugis! I &lt;3 my new eyeliner 
just came back home from class test! it went..well, pretty good i must say! 
just came back home from NE gig, another fun night skankin...what a workout! 
Just came back. 
Just came FRESH out of the shower. And I actually blow dried my hair. I'm so proud of myself. haha! 
Just came from a beautiful morning run followed by ashtanga yoga. Today feels awesome! Have a beautiful day friends! 
Just came from a movie and dinner with the cousins.  Star Trek for the 2nd time, and its still good! 
just came from my first encounter with dentist and acc to her my teeth are strong... just need regular check-ups 
just came from SFC's CLP Baptism. 
just came from spa 
just came from the san juanico bridge!  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xcwvb
just came from Tinuy-an Falls, Mangagoy, Surigao del Sur..... 
just came grocery shopping  all day home needed a little goin out
just came home  :&gt;
Just came home from @Patriizia's house. had fun.  haha.
just caME HOME from a birthday from a friend and now watch a movie its called school of rock, later 
just came home from a picnic with chaz and ben 
Just came home from a very relaxing weekend at our camper. Thank you for all the follow fridays everyone, I will return the favor! 
just came home from a week long vacay with my boyfriend and he still can't get enough of me 
just came home from an exhausting day of cute little kids 
Just came home from church  next week My HONDA (H)
just came home from cindy's house, had hotpot at cindy's house today. so full right now 
just came home from cleaning our church..  not that much fun though...just looking on and K and Js wedding pics!lovely
Just came home from Manu Delago &amp; Handmade live, at Camden, with @sciEntIst_iL and @londion. Nice guys, nice music, good food, happy 
Just came home from my sister where I spent the night 
just came home from Night at the museum 2 .. aww the jonas brothers were so cute 
just came home from sofitel and LOVED the stay...:d... continued watching Supernatural Season 2 hahah..i have finally got it 
Just came home from swimming. Great day with the lads  
Just came home from the Mall 
just came home from the park/carnIval now listening to the fray!! 
Just came home from the school. 
just came home from work(Y) bought skittles at shop  cant wait till rove oh and grandads home tonight- going to airport  YAY
Just came home from work. Off to gym. the most masculine day of the week...  Weather looks bad and it's getting worse... cant stop smiling
Just came home.. I'm going to listen to some relaxing music in my room, and i'm going to read a Jane Austen's book. I just ove her... 
just came home.i was at the mall looking for a dress because  my best friend turns next monday 15 and  i think we would go out..cant wait 
Just came in from tubing! 
Just came inside from being outside with my buddys Jordon and Josh! 
just came out of a very innovative and powerful meeting...we got some real tricks and stunts for you this year boys and girls 
just came to know that I have an exam tomorrow  Professional Ethics, can someone plz temme the venue and time of the exam ;)
just cant wait for school to be over. on the bright side: party tonight 
Just cashed some paychecks...  Got some mad bank  Aroundddd.  I need plans till Tkirk comes in!
Just casted my first votes of the day again goodmorning to you all  XX
Just catching up after arriving in NL again. Glad the weather was at least welcoming 
Just catching up on Adam news! 
just caught a spider all on my own!  flushed it down the loo... that'll teach it!!
Just caught for talking on the phone while diving (Sei JS)...! Thank God he let me Go..! boy i am good at acting...  nyeheh..
Just caught the end of When A Stranger Calls, there's only 30 mins left..Then I'll go to the gymnasio  Titanic tonight!
Just caught the season finale to &quot;the wire&quot; finally! How good was that!?! Oh and a good morning to you all 
Just cause @Christina_1187 told me not but she @Christina_1187 is actually excited to see PANIC AT THE DISCO on 8/12  I love you
Just cause i can and want to, #followsunday @gerard_k he's actually NUTS about Ellen DeGeneres but he's sooooo funny 
just changed her background picture again - now it's cool(er) 
just changed my background 
just changed my default search engine after a really really long time ...it feels so awkward!..waiting for the experiment to end 
just changed my icon. 
Just changed my layout. I'm happy, it's pretty cool! 
Just changed my lip ring 
Just changed my Twhirl colors to Bordeaux .. Still trying to get used to it. 
just changed my url  @loubee_
Just changed my username 
Just changed the bedding in the pups cage. Time for something bigger. They're getting huge! 
just chatted with noor via yahoo chat. it was good to hear from her 
just chatting lol but don't no what 2 do today  xx xx
Just check this out: http://www.211me.com/thebet/ Go #TeamCarlisle!!!  Please everybody follow @peterfacinelli! Good night twitterworld
Just checked Bloomberg, all family stocks are up except Coca-Cola... Happy to see the Dow up by 96.53  (1.15%) today! 
Just checked my ATG account - first time since march.. and apparantly I won 1700 the last time I played.. 14th of March.  Sweeet day!
just checked my emails and all that- IM PLAYING CHICAGO ThIS SumMeR!!!  life is awesome, i feel so blessed 
just checked my followers.. 44.. wow! I never anticipated I'd get that many! cheers everyone who has taken an interest in my posts 
Just checked my grades on the 3 tests I took in the past 2 days and I couldn't help but smile  Great start to the day!
Just checked out the China Sun Buffet in Port Orchard.  I picked the wrong day to start a diet.  
Just checked the back up hard drive and all the files that I am missing from the laptop are on it. Thank goodness for that!! 
Just checked the score of the game. Glad I didn't spend any time watching it. Unlike tonight when I'll watch no matter what 
Just checked the weather for Galway/Mayo ... Yay it's gonna be really sunny ! K gettin up now .. 
Just checked... www.Headlinehistory.co.uk is still live. Shhhh don't tell anyone 
Just checkin' out what all the &quot;Twitter&quot; fuss is about. 
Just checking in, guys...I see y'all are behaving...Well some of you are...  I'm gone back to work...Be back in a bit...
just checking my twitter account for new followers 
just checking out twitter 
just checking this out 
just chillaxing...ahhhhhh 
JUst chilled with comedian Red Grant, David Arnold, &amp; Tony Rock @ Laugh Factory then hit Club Mood...Im Beat! Nite Nite Tweet Peeps 
just chillen 
Just chillin 
just chillin' @ home,listening to cds 
Just chillin' until timw for aerobics.  
Just chillin' watching the cat stalk shadows 
Just chillin' with my hubby. Will be visiting the Ward family later tonight 
just chillin'! so glad it's Friday, and not Monday! weekend, here I come!! 
just chillin, prolly going outside; talk to me 
just chillin'.. good thing the barber didn't murdered my hair 
Just chillin... got home yesterday from visiting my Dad in TN... what an awesome time.  Who said Rednecks don't know how to have fun... 
Just chilling here...nothing special to report 
Just chilling with jerry, carey and jamie  loving life.
Just chillinn 
Just chillllllen 
Just chopped down a tree. Chainsaws are pretty cool, but I wish I'd done this in the fall 
just cleaned my closet haha gosh i was bored 
Just cleaned my converse. They are nice and shiny now 
just cleaned my entire room and organized my closet so nice. i feel refreshed 
just cleaned my room, did my laundry, and now im wiped out. on the bright side, it looks fabulous 
Just cleaned my room, yeasterday was the last day of school 
Just cleaned out a rental home yesterday. Wow, the stuff people leave behind. Anyone need a Queen size mattress, slacks, hair brush? 
Just cleaned out my baby's beta fish tank. Now he's swimmin' like Michael Phelps 
just cleaned out the guinea pigs, trimmed champies fur, and bathed them  thayre being pampered!
Just cleaned the guitar in the garden 
Just cleaned the terrarium of my gerbils. They're sooo cute 
just click on the link in my profile here on twitter , just before the bio thing. 
Just come back from a day of shopping at westwood cross 
Just come back from maidstone 
Just come back from my girlfriend house 
Just come back home to cinema, night at museum is very nice, and THEY're amazing 
just come back inside for a drink going back outside in a minute (:  going to listen to @ddlovato's album 
Just come out of a Media exam... Hoping I've caned it as one of the questions was on one of my fave films 
Just come out the Gym man, that deadlift is a killer 
just coming back from a customer briefing in Stuttgart. Went well 
just coming back from having a good time: shooting, and watching a movie with my bf 
just coming home from a Christian Education meeting,nowI will &quot;VENT-OUT&quot; on my computer and do a little TWEETING 
just commented onlinacyxx's blog, nice header by the way. 
Just completed Guild Wars Prophecies with my Paragon called, Sun Dragon Gamer 
Just completed my run/walk, more running than walking now, which is good, 5 weeks to race day 
Just completed taking WSS Exam, 070-631 looks like I got one wrong like the MOSS Exam last week 
Just configured my first audio interface all by myself!  Yes, I think a cookie would be well deserved.  
just connected http://dailyboth.com/ï¿½with my twitter-account. we'll see 
just cooked breakfast, now drinking a beer and getting ready to talk to Jenni on Skype!!!! 
just cooked NILAGPANG (Ilonggo Dish) for Dinner. 
Just cooking dinner for my boys at the mo 
just cos i dont have an ipod touch yet - doesn't mean i can't look at some apps! they're sooo cool.  twittering in school? awesome! 
just created a blog because I can't sleep and the name just came to me in a flash. 
Just created a mock-up logo in Paint. Firing up Illustrator now to develop it further. 
Just created a twibe for Vie Nomade  http://twibes.com/vienomade to join.
just created a twitter account 
Just created an account for twitter. No clue if I will ever use it but at least I'm the first &quot;christophebaer&quot; in the world on twitter ! 
Just created another online gallery  http://3dartistonline.com/user/Anchuvi
just created new twitter account  
Just created this using ColorSplash on my iPhone...@camhe12 @mhelvey do ya like it??  http://twitpic.com/7g8v4
just crossed 400 friends on facebook 
Just crossed the thousand mile mark on this road trip 
-Just cruisin'  
Just cut into last years rare-breed free-range air dried ham. Seriously bloody good, thankfully there's plenty more curing 
Just cut open my finger...Ow! its stinning like mad! just saw the new moon trailer  sooo AWESOME! sooo wanna see it!
Just cut up some old crappy jeans and made some new trendy ones  they have holes all over them so now I can run faster ;)
Just d0ne watchng bud br0s. 
just dancing with myself 
Just dashed off a flashfic for the CrossedGenres flashfiction contest!  http://crossedgenres.com/contest first fic I've written in ages 
Just de-activated facebook account, removed app from iPhone.. a good feeling overall really 
Just decided to give 1 #AionBeta key away!  I will write a message on twitter within the next 2h and the 2nd answer will get the key! ;)
just decided to keep updating my twitter.. for certain reasons.. hahaha..  [the veronicas rock! haha]
just decided to run the Great Race with Keli!!!  
Just deleted 2500 lines of tests  Feels good.
Just deleted her facebook account and is starting fresh one ahhhhh no more randoms, except for my lovely twitter followers of course 
just designed a business card for @aaronaiken and love how it turned out. Photoshop and Illustrator are my friends 
Just designed pigeon's twitter for him 
Just designed the slickest menu buttons.. I really mean slick 
Just did 3 miles.....thought that i'd do 3.5 but that's okay!  Gettin' a sweat on 
Just did 3.5 miles on cross trainer. Much easier now I've quit smoking 
just did a nine mile bike ride with my mama. Good times but bike seats hurt! 
just did a photo shoot for blunt magazine and got lord of the fries. life is good 
just did a reservation for iPhone 3G S  -  now waiting   hopefully I get one on friday morning #iPhone #3gs #apple
Just did a search on YouTube and got Rick Roll'd. I love that phenomenon. 
Just did an hour of Calinetics... My inner thighs are SCREAMING at me now. Ouch. Feels good, though! Love that burn. 
Just did an outreach for a riverside neighborhood. It was very interesting, I would want to do it again. Good experience 
just did Barry's Boot Camp with Eilecia -whew! I had to to step out for air, that shiz is CRAZY! Back tomorrow for more 
Just did her toes 
just did my english oral exam !! i totally rocked!!! A+!! 
just did my tech exam  and maths this morning thank god they're over! 
Just did some acrobatic move in the washroom. I knew I shouldve choosen professional gymnast as my future career! 
just did some homework at 1:10 in the morning lmao. going to sleep. most amazing night everrr &lt;3 goodnight 
just did some studying. now waiting for my babe to cal me to say sweet dreams 
just did the evil deed 
Just discovered a hedgehog is living at the back of our garden 
Just discovered amazon.co.uk for music downloads  Screw you itunes.
just discovered an awesome band called Incubus...ah wait, false alarm...they already used to be my favourite band for quiet a while 
just discovered http://somafm.com/listen/ - nice  any other recommendations maybe?
just discovered I can post photos on Twitpic, so I'll upload some of my favorites. 
Just discovered i was only using standard AI-Servo speed now it's set to fast and much quicker switching subjects 
just discovered shellium.org (free shells to all) 
Just discovered some amazing ninja bunny fan art: http://bit.ly/EagEI  by @cwoolbrightjr  
just discovered something funny, my dog likes peas  lmao not joking either haha
Just discovered that @BorrowLenses is on Twitter! NAPP members get a discount! 
Just discovered that twittering under your covers is so much better than facing the cold morning. I think I'll stay in bed the whole day 
just discovered twitter ! checking it out 
just discovered wanda sykes ! 
just DM me if you want #spymaster invite 
Just doing nothing...I should correct my book review..don't want to... I think I'll watch some TV...maybe Run's House 
Just doing random stuff on msn , myspace and stuff like that  very bored! add me on msn britty.j@hotmail.com
Just done 2km on the cross trainer 
just done bathing! hahahahha 
just done my hair and make-up and now off to 'solec' for my concert! yay! i'm so excited! 
Just done my mate Deb's pic. She looks a real piss head!! 
Just done my second to last GCSE.  My next one is on 22nd of june.. AKA my birthday. &gt;__&lt;
Just done practice LA and Rep Theory paper - completed 4 questions emi-confidently in 2 hrs  Feeling a bit better about Mon now...
Just done with a duo bio cram sesh... Now back to our regular profram of nonstop apush 
Just donked off the rest of my chips in FT's msop event.. oh well - chillin now - downloadin sum new jamz 
Just downloaded &quot;Great Expectations&quot; by Dickens. Can't wait to have it read to me. 
just downloaded all of @JMacOnline 's songs to my ipod so that I can listen to them on the bus to Quebec 
just downloaded Astrology Zone Premier app - now i can read my horoscope daily by famed astrologer Susan Miller  http://bit.ly/18TMEJ
just downloaded google chrome, it's like vista... for tightasses  i.e. me haha jk tis fun! but i keep closing windows instead of tabs :\
Just downloaded most of The Beatles albums. 
Just downloaded parnoid 
just downloaded photoshop, messing around with it 
just downloaded so much good music. bloc party, phoenix, a buttload of crystal castles, uffie, of montreal.. oh yes 
Just downloaded Spotify and have to say I'm impressed! Listening to Grooverider Prototype Years and the quality is pretty good 
Just Downloaded 'successful @KEEPITMOVEMENT I think its awesome. Keep up the GOOD works guys  also... Hi!
Just downloaded TBS's new Album  Wooo pretty good
Just downloaded the Nevyn's s spotify Client for iPhone. Let's see if it compiles! 
just downloaded tweetdeck...gonna give it a try to see if me likey. 
Just downloaded twhirl to get updates straight to my desktop.. this could be the end of work as we know it 
Just downloaded twitterberry 
Just downloaded twitterberry. My life is now even MORE convenient. 
Just downloaded twitterberry--Well, I'm done for the night! Good night to all!! 
Just downloaded Twitterena from App store for 59p so far so good  love the little birdy sound when u get new tweets.
just downloading Taking Back Sunday's New Again... sounds good thus far. 
just downloading Windows Seven  Developer Release was yesterday
Just dragged the drunk birthday girl inside. Now I'm waitin for my mama for a ride home. In high school I never called her. Now I do 
just drank a nice warm cuppa tea 
just drawing on my desk 
Just dreaming about a boy. 
Just driving around aimlessly  very drunk but got a designated driver.
just driving to la with my best @kimbermarie 
Just dropped off alice 
just dropped off my hun for the remaining 1/3 of the Avon walk. 13 more miles to go! i'm so proud of her. she inspires me 
just dropped off my jeans to be tailored cant wait to see how they turn out 
Just droppped my sister of at the train station. She's going back to Uni. I can't wait to be a student! 
just drove allllll night-so worth it! 
Just drove an hour to El Mirage to see my wifey! Definitely chaos here.  #fb
Just drove in the pooring rain on the highway for the FIRST TIME 
Just drove the Maserati GranSport for the better part of the day.  I want 
just dyed my hair  Now I'm gonna help clean up from taco night 
JUST DYED MY HAIR BLACK. 
just dyed my hair! janet gave me a fuckload of hours this week hell yessss 
Just earned $40 for helping out at some VIP event. Something along the lines of the anniversary of the Pope's inauguration. Yay, money 
just earned some good karma 
Just eating a curry and drinking an ice cold pepsi max 
Just eating some sour patch kids 
Just editing my myspace! 
Just eight hours left for @NathanFillion to drop me an @ reply for it to fall in as part as my birthday week! 
just emailed first @techmiso draft to @jark. fairly excited about it 
Just enjoyed a beer with my aunt and uncle  I love my family!
Just enjoyed a good meal 
JUST ENJOYED A LATE LUNCH WITH MY BRO! I LOVE HIM  HOW IS EVERYBODY'S FRIDAY GOING?
just enjoyed a wonderful lunch at Kanna's Curry House, Section 17! 
Just enjoyed an anniversary breakfast on our new patio 
Just Enjoying a cappucino in peace at Costa, haydock. Looking forward to another great Monday. 
just enjoying life 
Just enjoying the end of the week and a nice &quot;Legon&quot; Crianza from Rib Del Duero with friends.  Even nicer after a night in the 'fridge.  
Just enjoying the guilty pleasure that is twitter 
just enjoying the sun 
Just enjoying the view while at work. Sometimes u gotta love working outdoors   http://twitpic.com/2yets
Just entered Aransas county! 
Just entered Bbsipodtouchhelps app giveaway, hope I win 
Just experienced it's nice to dogfood my own tools. Give myself feedback all the time. Very powerful!   http://bit.ly/bFW0D
Just experienced the power of the University of Super Connections today 
Just explained mxit vs Twitter vs Facebook to John Robbie on 702. Hope i did a decent job 
just fed a bottle to my n eice a lil after she fell asleep in my arms  
just fed my niece, she is so cute. 
Just fed the cat  gawd she can be so annoying sometimes...she won't eat unless you stand right there with her =s
just feeding the dogs and having my morning coffee 
just feel in love with Kelly Clarkson all over again 
just feeling nice 
Just fell asleep 4 hrs ago so yeah I'm still in the bed..Mad, my body woke me up..it must be crazy!! I'm going back 2 sleep..ttyl twiggas 
Just fell down on my motorcycle..or i guess my motorcycle fell on me! Ouch! REALLY hurt! But i love riding so it was worth it!   
Just fell in love with a picture in my brothers yearbook... 
Just felt like learnin french today. Scored 98 on my first online test. How entertaining 
Just figured out how to sign on to this thingâ€¦ yeayy 
just figured out how to tweet by text. excited. 
Just figured out its exactly 2 weeks and 2 days 'till my birthday! 
Just figured out that the new freezer has already saved me $8.64 which covers electric til next year &amp; dents the purchase price  #flylady
Just filled out my sign-up sheet to join the &quot;biggest-loser&quot; competition at church. I'm going to try and shed 30lbs. 
Just filled up with diesel in my parents car...gave them a heart attack 
Just finiiish school, and wanted to tell you that Bethany has a fanny in her name, Bef-fanny, see?  http://tinyurl.com/llyyma
Just finish check with OB and looking foward to having a baby soon!!  currently chatting with hubby on board NYK Olympus. Chow!
Just finish doing my report! haha.  People are really so amazing!  RN is the most amazing church to me!
just finish liftin weight. feelin very strong now 
just finish my exam!!! ...Ho appena finito l'esame di francese...ed Ã¨ andato tt bn 
Just finish school. On the way home now  plans for today: bake, swim, tuition, sleep,movies &amp; sleep.
just finish with work..... 
Just finished &quot;Eagle Eye.&quot;   Wow.  I really liked it, surprisingly...and now I see where the idea of Rebel came from on #heroes!! 
just finished 1 section of ma corsework out of 5, its took me 3 hours and i need it finished today 
Just finished 17th chapter of Programming Entity Framework. Chapter is... woooh... a real roller coaster 
Just finished 2 custom orders! 
Just finished 3x mindmaps for my degree presentation. phew.. Need to work on strategic management framework, but need sleep - good night 
Just finished 4 hr hike! I actually feel really good! I can feel my muscles burn 
just finished a &quot;Dazzle&quot; from kayla  its a long story... lol. Not my personal choice of book.
just finished a 14 chapter fanfiction...watching Ned's Declassified...Good Afternooooon all 
Just finished a 2 hour conversation with hubby about life and challenges ppl face today, my brain hurts now 
just finished a amazing photoshoot! 
just finished a date with my dear brother...hehehe..i missed him. 
just finished a gooood book . now off to bed. its so typical me to stay up until  two a.m reading. ha. night 
Just finished a late dinner. Headed bake to the hotelie.... Gotta get ready for my late show.  
Just finished a lemon tart, bagel with beanut butter and a frozen caramel at Panera  Yummm
JUST finished a masterpiece of a meal *muah* &lt;3 
Just finished a nice jog. Time to chill out. 
just finished a nice run, e-mailed some friends, gonna eat lunch soon. i'm thinking steak/lettuce/spinach sub 
just finished a quick 25 minute run, 
Just finished a quiz  an it was easy ï¿½_ï¿½ as pizza
Just finished a really good book called the outsiders. Read it, because its really good. 
just finished a text art LP, using leaves 
Just finished a tutorial 
Just finished a very relaxing run... And i applied to kmart 
Just finished acting (as a photographer) in http://www.myspace.com/icatching 's new video! now off to shoot lacma for @latimes 
Just finished adding to Okoboji's curriculum database. Done using MySQL, php, SQLyog. All Free to use 
Just finished Alan Carr's autobiography. That book is sooooo funny!! 
Just finished an awesome work out, feeling GREAT  Had fun last night too...The State of Play was good lastnight too. Off to get the kids
Just finished an awesome yoga class! Now 4 cleaning of the house! 
just finished another 4 hour midnight web design crunch  
Just finished another assignment. I have 23 hours and 40 minutes to write 3000 words. Should be fine 
just finished another painting.. 
Just finished approving sum of ya'll friend requests on Myspace...once again thanks for following ur girl!!! 'Preciate it 
Just finished bonding with our dogs  It's a challenge for them trying not to  bark at all that moves during a walk down our street.
Just finished Bose experience at the mall, was way worse than I remember from 2 years ago.. Oh well 
Just finished brushing Brownie 
Just finished burning &quot;mood&quot; CDs for a friend.  
Just finished catching up on Facebook stuff from the last 4 days while i was at my super fun weekend 
just finished checking my FS account 
just finished church  and about to go a bike ride with my cousins because it is such a nice day  xo
just finished classes for today. time for some microwave lunch and anime 
Just finished cleaning the bathroom. 2yo loves to help with the mop &amp; to put things in the washer! 
Just finished cleaning the dishes. Off to pick up @RenesmeeCarlieCullen_ and bring her here for a sleepover at her grandparents 
Just finished cleaning the house ^^ so good to live somewhere easy to clean!! small achievement yes, but feeling pretty good about it 
Just finished cleaning...finally. Taking the dogs on a walk. What nice weather! And I know Cheffy and Peanut appreciate it. 
Just finished coffee with @MeganMac at the Red Lobster of coffee joints, Strbux. Now off to a gaggle of biz meetings. Yee haw.  
Just finished coloring my nails purple 
just finished cooking chicken soooooo good 
Just finished cooking now I'm off to bed 
Just finished cooking...I made steak ,rice and potatoes. It smells so good n tastes even better kinda like me 
just finished core synergistics... that was rough... ey celtics you suck eggs 
Just finished Creative Writing final 
Just finished dancing for the night.. Dinner time! 
Just finished dancing the electric slide and the cha cha slide 
Just finished Dead Space, great way to vent any frustration from today.Very impressed with Dark Void after seeing some screens today! 
just finished dinner - it was yummy 
Just finished dinner and now in a food comma...how that is different than any other moment in my life I have no answer for 
just finished dinner with y brother. 
Just finished dinner. Say hello to dessert: chocolate cake! 
Just finished dinnner! 
Just finished doing a clean out  www.dossy.org/twitter/karma/
Just finished dot.robot 
Just finished drinking a cup of  Starbucks Espresso Truffle. I will be up another 10hrs 
Just finished eating a chocolate chip sundae yummmmy!!!!!!!!! 
Just finished eating a Gigi big breakfast 
Just finished eating and were going straight on ripsaw... This might not be a good idea :S better keep our mouths shut 
just finished eating banana...maybe will work now 
just finished eating breakfast...i will try to do more tasks, if not...well, i am sleeping that's for sure.  http://plurk.com/p/szur1
Just finished eating lunch 
just finished eating lunch. Drinking Sprite right now. 
just finished eating my dinner. im full! HAHA. happy birthday to my dearest mom! 
Just finished eating supper and now I am attacking my daddy 
just finished eating yummy mexican food! now watching movies with the lil sis! gotta love sundays!!!!!!   
just finished eating, and i'm full off of denny's 
Just finished editing Gold Rush Day photos! All 200 of them   Flickr, please be nice to me tonight!
Just finished editing my first boudoir shoot from the recent Johannesburg trip.  Looking great!  Onto the next one 
Just finished editing photos from a wedding in Lake Havasu! Yay, Done! Time for sleep... 
just finished editing pics, now up to flickr 
Just finished english  !
Just finished ENGLISH! Ahhhhhhhhh! Feels good! Goodnights 
just finished enjoying BEEFSTEAK at the school canteen with sweet someone  so nice that Gene Ayumi ME reeks like beef now...
Just finished exam! Saw many school mates 
Just finished filling in my nails...I did better than I thought I could!  
Just finished filming for the day  another fun day on the set! Hahaha!
Just finished first run with marathon training group. It's going to be a really fun 5 months gettin ready for this beast 
Just finished first San Jose Household. Praise God 
Just finished giving a double-session computer tutoring.  ...Screw you grammar.  
just finished giving my boyfriend a haircut 
just finished graduation!  not gonna lie... it was super boring and felt like a waste of time ~Mae~
Just finished hamlet from the hood with @chellez12â€¦21 takes my dear but we got it 
Just finished helpin' my &quot;Pamangkin&quot; on his Math homework! 
Just finished helping out with dinner.  Still aiming for my own computer!! 
just finished her homework!  and now time to study for biology!! :[
just finished her new reel  http://bit.ly/184ZOk
just finished his hackbook air! hurrah! 
just finished his Monday for work the present work week 
just finished hot patootie. am v. sweaty. cast fail to be posted about on fourandtwenty when I get home. jackie here tho, and having fun. 
Just finished implementing pretty much every feature I wanted for Network Defense 1.0 - Just gotta make fun maps now 
Just finished jammin out to Portuguese music 
just finished jerkin offf 
just finished kapitan sino  yea 
Just finished late night with @jimmyfallon... Great show tonight just like every other night  love it.
Just finished leadig praise and worship. By His Grace was awesome...but not nearly as awesome as God is. 
Just finished like 20 longg pages of geo home work! 
just finished listening to Mcfly on the radio 1 chart show on bbc iplayer and thought it was really funny 
Just finished logo and website development for Decking &amp; Fencing Company - pleased with the outcome 
Just finished Lost season 4..Absolutely stunning! &amp; only a season to go.. 
just finished lunch!  i'm not cranky anymore! haha. xD right now i'm eating the biggest slice of cake i've ever had! yum! xD
Just finished lunch... Back to the gym... Super excited to finally get to Newfoundland 
just finished making a movie presentation to convince my parents to choose BEDA nd not dbti  i hope it works
Just finished making a pretty little flower in Illustrator... going to watch Jimmy now 
Just finished making the lists for tomorrow, have to be prepared, thanks for that one grandma. texting in bed, text me  z&lt;--ily.
Just finished mamas day dinner now about to walk it off 
Just finished marinating the steaks for tomorrow's bbq...Getting ready for the party tonight 
just finished marissa's hair and makeup for prom. she looks so pretty!! 
Just finished mowing the lawn.  
Just finished my &quot;How well do you know Anne?&quot; quiz in facebook 
Just finished my 3OT thriller on tape delay...SO GOOD!!! &amp; so nice of them to do it during the day instead of making me stay up late! 
just finished my bath 
just finished my book!... on to the next one! 
Just finished my churchill biography. what an awesome guy. my hero 
just finished my decathlon speech. I think it's pretty good. 
Just finished my essay. Topic: Exestentialism. I used a good song by straylight run to prove a point. Props to me 
Just finished my first History GCSE 
just finished my first painting  i feel legit.
Just finished my fresh squeezed lemonade snowball. It was soooooooooooo refreshing 
just finished my last exam at school and now summer is here!! FINALLY 
Just finished my last final!!! 
just finished my leaflet.  I WANT TO GO TO SUPER JUNIOR'S 2nd ASIA TOUR!!!
Just finished my math exam - it went well *touch wood* @dr_Phillips thanks for the tip ! 
just finished my pancake of Burger King, the syrup is superb--- 
just finished my PB&amp;J sammich. yum 
Just finished my performance exam. It went good! Thanks, God! 
just finished my second exam only one more to go 
Just finished my second letter to me in the future.   http://bit.ly/ERz8x
just finished my shoot with @patricktriplex.  It went really fuckin well.  We were listening to Led Zeppelin...I had a great time 
Just finished my Sierra Turkey &amp; Greek Salad from Panera Bread... Yum 
just finished my sophomore year of highschool today. I can only wish that my last two years are phenomenal. I love/miss you all! 
Just finished my stand up meeting... alone 
just finished my starbucks too   caramel frapp is betta!!  haha-Sam
Just finished my Sunday workout and now getting ready to meet up with my twitter friend @SharonMichaels. Mastermind Sunday 
Just finished my test. So easy! 
Just finished my video shoot for Ford, very fun  hopefully it turns out ok!
Just finished my work out very sore now...but no pain no gain right  http://myloc.me/45Y
Just finished my workout @dannywood would be so proud LOL!  going home to get ready for work
Just finished my workout! an hour? pretty good if i do say so myself  lol
Just finished my workout! Feeling full of energy! 
Just finished myspace  and printing stuff for my sister...
just finished new flier font... nice to get work done... time to get ready for training day  yay! swiss ball class this avo 
Just finished one export test and ready to start the next. Now I have pause for a team meeting. I hate to stop when I'm on a roll 
Just finished one of Sunday afternoon's most critical priorities -- a nap!  Slept deeply enough to wake up wondering what day it was 
Just finished our set at magnet , now I wanna sleeptight 
Just finished painting for the day.  Tomorrow the carpenter comes back and tiles the floor and puts wainscoating on the walls.  
Just finished painting the bulletin board for the Bar operations with friends ian and charm 
Just finished planting nasturtium seeds.  
Just finished playin' all of nfs games...it's real obvious underground 2 is tha best one! 
Just finished playing a session of Killzone 2. I'm still not much better 
just finished playing Dance dance revolution haha awesome fun all by yourself, right? bahaha Watching some tele now! 
Just finished playing Kindgom Hearts 2 again, I love that game. 
Just finished playing TR:UNDERWORLD 
just finished polishing my nails...goodnite 
Just finished posting a couple of things on eBay, yay 
just finished practicing my clarinet! That's a total of 5 instruments I can play!  Now to study for finals...
just finished preparing spag bolognese... hope my bros like it 
Just finished press event with DrScofield - was well received! 
just finished reading #six word memoirs 'not what I was planning' 
Just finished reading an amazing book 
Just finished recording guitars and organ in the studio. Douglas is doing vocals right now. 5 new songs 
just finished recording zg video for FOD  hope they'll like it  ZGFTW! =D
just finished recording.  going for lunch and to buy some new converse, word.
Just finished running.  http://bit.ly/38lLd1  This picture is epic.
Just finished Sarah Bayla's first birthday party. 
Just finished saying prayers 
just finished setting up my linkedin account.  good nite...well...good morning.
just finished sharing a bath with Anna, she is getting big!  It was even better that Anna peed on Ariana when she was handing her over. 
Just finished shooting the funnest wedding!!! 
Just finished skyping with me papi... All's well in KSA 
Just finished some homework. Now it's time to watch some NASCAR 
Just finished some retail therapy in Malmï¿½. Time for a skate and festivities 
just finished story board for a music video...Yay! Now, 10mins snooze then off to work. Happy monday, people! 
just finished studying... i actually might do well on finals!  now going to watch one tree hill... is it weird if i am obsessed?! 
Just finished Supper made a tasty stirfry got a leadership training call tonight to learn how to set goals looking forward to learning 
Just finished swimming in the so-called fake &quot;WHITE&quot; beach.. Haha! It was originally black, then they covered it with white sand.. 
just finished taking a bath from the rain.. haha.. 
just finished talking to husband josh. he's in manila next week. yahoo! 
Just finished talking to thana. Writing him the usual thank u text. 
just finished tanning with Ellie. Yay! Ilovemypool. 
just finished teaching my niece and nephew how to do the hoedown throwdown  soooo much fun
Just finished the amazing breakfast my adoreable boyfriend made me 
Just finished The Eyre Affair... Loved it! I'll be sure to post a review tomorrow when I wake up 
just finished the last email she needed to send out for the evening and is now off to bed. G'night! 
Just finished the last track for my forthcoming EP. 
just finished the last two episodes of The Dollhouse, just started to get really good at the end! But I hear there is a second season 
just finished the Payu Poster that Oliver wanted me to Draw 
Just finished the recording of #138 .. hope everything turned out good 
Just finished the School of Hard Knicks achievement with my lock 
Just finished the shoot. My hair is now a completely different shape than it was when I started. Don't know why work always changes it.  
Just finished 'The Virgin's Lover' by Phillippa Gregory... really good... I love any book about Tudor England 
Just finished the your majesty shoot at romanos. What a great place to shoot, sooo much fun!!!  
Just finished Twilight. Phil is right, i do read fast. Well, 1 book down, 3 more to go! 
Just finished typing the Financial Report/s of our church.. 
Just finished UP really good movie 
Just finished up the greece level of tomb raider anniversary. Time for bed. After a cigarette. 
Just finished UP! Everyone needs to go see it! 
Just finished updating my new Christian fiction blog: http://psmcmanuslist.blogspot.com . I told you I was alive again ... 
Just finished updating the Acoustic PM Myspace  Thanks so much if you tuned in, hope you enjoyed it and can tune in again next week!
Just finished walking my dog! 
just finished washing my car &amp; now i'm washing my moms for 20 dollars! ahah 
Just finished washing my car with the help of my baby 
Just finished washing the dishes, putting out the trash, cleaning the windows and blinds...what next?!?!  You can call me...domesticated 
Just finished watch 17 again, wooou zac efronnn is kinda hot there  http://myloc.me/3TFa
Just finished watchin da new ep of JONAS it was good like always mainly watch it for Kevins funny parts tht I love!gotta love Kevin Jonas 
just finished watchin some crazy fighting movie, tite tite .. gona go to bed yo ill tweet sum more later for sure  
Just finished Watchin the soccer game!!  el salvador won! woot woot!!! 
Just Finished Watching &quot; Land of the Lost &quot; It Was Fuggin' Hilarious! * Will Ferrell Rocks! * 
just finished watching &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's&quot; Audrey Hepburn is soooo pretty 
Just finished watching 26 episodes of fruits basket.  I wonder if yuki and tohru ended up together. Who knows? ;)
Just finished watching 90210 !! yea! I wanna have ice cream!! LOL! TWEET! 
just finished watching a very special love, AGAIN!  woohoo John Lloyd I Love you!!!
just finished watching B.O.F and it's really good to eat Indian mangoes! 
Just finished watching Bill Burr's &quot;Why do I Do This?&quot;. Great stand-up, some very good laughs 
Just finished watching Dr Strangelove again  Next up... maybe one of the Indiana Jones movies.
Just finished watching dvd. Now preparing for dinner. sunday of rest and qt with julia. 
Just finished watching Flight of The Navigator. Gotta admit ... It's still one of my faves. 
just finished watching hannah montana 
Just finished watching Hannah Montana. Haha. Very funny epi. 
Just finished watching Hatching Pete! 
Just finished watching heroes,chuck &amp; smallville this past week. Kyle xy is next. 
Just finished watching He's Just Not That Into You.  Loved it.
Just finished watching Hitch... I love that movie, its adorable... 
Just finished watching House M.D. ... probably one of my most fave episodes 
just finished watching iCarly ..... 
just finished watching jurassic park, now hellboy 2: the golden army 
just finished watching my copy of the Twilight DVD. Ganda ng mga deleted and extended scenes.  http://plurk.com/p/svkch
Just finished watching NOTORIOUS! The best movie OUT! from the movie i have learnt new things! inspiring! 
Just finished watching Obsessed starring Ali Larter and Beyonce. Good movie !  goodnight. xoxo.
just finished watching Robot Chicken. A hilarious episode was on 
just finished watching series 1 of Mad Men on DVD. Seem to have run out of scotch and cigarettes whilst doing so 
Just Finished watching SNL and now playing Infamous  
just finished watching the curious case of benjamin button with my mom. awesome movie. we cried. ha. so good though 
Just finished watching the entire first season. So nice   
just finished watching the mtv movie awards.  eminem is sooo pissed off.
just finished watching twiligh  watching some movie called misery
Just finished watching Twilight  Nowww am gonna get ready for bed
just finished watching Twilight. 
Just finished watching UP... very awesome 
Just finished watching Valkyrie. It was a very intense movie even though I knew the ending. 
Just finished watching X-Men Origins : Wolverine. COOLEYO! 
Just finished watchinq Star Trek Shxt Type Fire. 
Just finished with a little booty duty  that was a work out. Now I'm hungry. .
Just finished with Dairy Milk for second consecutive day.. yumm... and i still ve one more Fruit and Nuts staring at me..  nyum nyum..
Just finished with the shoot... Got a ton of great shots  now headin to chedders for food and drinks 
just finished work  good times need to rest up for my bball game tomorrow :-D wish me luck night yalllll
Just finished work and just got hired again... seems like I won't be jobless next year 
just finished work and just picked up my biggest ever pay cheque for a weeks work  lovely weather too! 
just finished work now im ready fr the beach tomoz morning wooo  xx
Just finished work. Now its skating time. I reckon there'll have to be some Pirate Metal on in the car 
just finished working out - I'll be watching the MTV movie awards  tonight - yes - mostly to see RobPatz and the new moon clip 
just finished working out, hella tired. chillaxing, drinking water and enjoying some T4 
Just finished working out, now gonna jump in the shower 
Just finished working out. Going to take a shower now 
Just finished writing a random poem 
Just finished writing something   Tiny Titans then sleep hopefully Seymore will behave.
Just finished yet another amazing book by Susan Elizabeth Philips!!!  God I love her books so much!!! Which one to read next??? hmmm...
Just finished yoga..body hurt..belly hungry..and I thinkmy girl is coming home early 
just finished!  that was so long.
just finished.  http://plurk.com/p/vggkd
just finishedmovie UP, I loved it.  I want that kinda love.
Just finishing my break. Back off to work for hour 40minutes and then hometime. Love you Jase 
just finishing writing my journal about &quot;revenge&quot;.. felt kinda nice writing about an asshole 
Just finnish an exam in first period was pretty intense but hopefully i passed it. God is the only one that will help me with my exams 
just finnished my breakfust and today the sun is shining  be out all day  
just finsihed workin out now relaxing to some david bowie 
Just fired up the grill, adjusted it improperly, and had a complete #FAIL of a dinner. At least the drinks were good 
Just flipped to Week 10 in her agenda with a smile 
Just focused on assignment!! and Missing homeee.. Sa OL ngk? ichat yuk!! miss y sat  xx
Just folded new batch of tie-dye...the reveal is like xmas...freaking cool shirts and scarves this batch 
just followed @therealTiffany 
Just followed a guy and saw he was a Boston fan.  May need to end that relationship. 
just fool around anywhere 
Just for future reference, anytime I say &quot;my girls&quot;, that is directed at Doni and Audra Rivers. 
Just for Joni:  Looking forward to chocolate ice cream with bananas.  
Just for the people I don't know  x
Just for those who need the visual proof.  whats funny is we didnt even know we were playing for money 'til we won. http://sml.vg/GzU4Cw
Just for today - I will keep smiling even though I'm not quite sure how to answer customer enquiries on a computer that's not working! 
just for when this expression catches on, and people use it to explain twitter, I said it first: Twitter  = Smsoip. Sms Over IP 
just for you @Loz62 @TheEngTeacher @PinkBerryGirl @monicks @chriscattaneo @blackberrychick  http://sml.vg/hf6KRL
Just found $2.40 in a coat pocket while packing it away for summer.  SCORE! 
just found @gilbertharman. these days i've been studying relativism. he stopped twits after 2 - both for complaing 4 something 
just found @tferriss on Facebook and decided to try adding him. He's so awesome!!! 
Just found a really cool sound in Logic - going to make my track sound grindy 
just found a VERY nice wristwatch!! I'll try to convince my parents to give it to me for graduation  lol
Just found an old Pokemon shirt  I used to be such a Pokemon nerd.
Just found and start using new rss feed reader. http://www.alertbear.com - this is what I want from a loooong time 
just found ashleytisdale thank you mileycyrus  (it was on your following list)
just found Colin Moock's Lost ActionScript 3.0 Weekend on Safari... that takes care of this evening's entertainment 
just found her way home from kaki bukit and defu lane... Because every team needs the spark 
just found his wallet after having it go missing for three days 
Just found my 2-Disc Special Edition copy of Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children. I've been missing this for a year!!!  
Just found my camera! Been missing for a week - today is already a good day 
Just found my next room.. The main field volleyball court..  this sucks.. It's very hot.. And i feel like an idiot.. Hah.
just found my old Duke Nukem 3D Atomic Edition 
Just found my sista on twitter ... jeez it really isn't easy 
Just found my solo paper for band which was like 4 years ago in 6th grade 
just found notes that were taken from a deep meditation back in 4/08...I guess it's now the time to share. Wow! 
just found one of my college classmates  here on twitter. ohhh 'nicey'
Just found out about the new incubus album! I need to get it 
Just found out Emery has a new cd coming out tuesday, and on top of that their cd release is at Rocketown with Aaron Gilespie acoustic 
just found out form @leeraney that there are not one, but 3 hashtags in use for #bigd #bigd09 &amp; #bigdesign - let's all agree to use one! 
Just found out from http://www.mileycyrus.com/official that there is gonna be a Season 4 of Hannah Montana. Yayy! 
Just found out I made the Dean's list!  Woohoo! 
Just found out I might be seeing @TiffanyGiardina in June. Two days after my birthday, I'm so excited  &lt;3
Just found out I'm getting straight A's this semester! YES! 
Just found out im pregnant  Happiest news in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just found out it's National Doughnut Dayâ€”I should have posted this earlier  http://tinyurl.com/odcjrt
just found out my hostel in Perth has free breakfast  SO FTW!!
just found out my mom is taking the fam on a beach vacation!! SO excited i can barely stand it 
Just found out someone I know is CANCER FREE 
Just found out that a blog post of mine was referred to on a forum. 
just found out that my favorite person in the entire world is going to come see me!!!  you have no idea how excited i am!!! 
just found out that one of my brothers MALE friends shaves his underarms 
Just found out that only AT&amp;T people can vote via text for American Idol...I guess I didn't really help Kris out...hahaha...oh well! 
just found out that selena gomez's birthday is 6 days after mine 
Just found out that the other two bands dropped out. Oh well. We'll rock it all NY ourselves 
Just found out that VFactory is coming to Hawaii on june 14 ! can't wait ! 
Just found out the song from the Prius commercial I've been loving for weeks is by Petra Haden, whom I've been loving for years. 
Just found out there's a general election next year, so I'll be able to vote 
Just found out they are coming out w/ a new Halloween!!! Cool... I love scary movies. Tell me your all time favorite scary movies 
just found out via my neice I can sms Oz from here- way cool now I can bug the shit out of my sisters 
Just found the drummer from Krusade on Facebook. 
Just found the MTV top dance anthems of all time list. Sweeeet! *plugs them into iTunes*   http://is.gd/PorA (via @Memset_Kate)
just found the perfect roomates ever !  Mooving on sooooon !!!!!
just found the sisterhood of the traveling pants 2 under my bed. I KNEW I had it here somewhere! 
just found you toilet says &quot;Twyford&quot; on it, haha i did a shit on Twyford 
Just found 'You'll be in my heart' by Phil Collins on my ipod  tarzan soundtrack rules xD wondering if anybody actually reads all this xD
Just friends one of the best films  its up there with Twilight 
Just FYI, there is also turkish star wars rip off  here http://bit.ly/AeSnk
Just fyi. 
Just gathering my thoughts and having a mixed-berry pie and a smile before doing some urgent work tonight. There ya go...  Look! A smile
Just gave @davidrod95 the finger 
Just gave Aidan his first bath   used the towel Cassie got us!
Just gave back the keys to my old place and said good bye to the last 1 1/2 years of my life in Basel district  I had a great time there!
just gave in and is now on twitter. 
just gave Kristi her dress that I made 
just gave my client a quick tour of his new computer.  Now heading home!
just gave my puppy a bath. he smells much better.  ahaha
Just gave myself a makeover. 
Just gave the Platform UI GO for Eclipse 3.5. Now I don't want to do bug triage anymore, for a while. 
Just gave Tom Bradley and a high school student a cave demo and createIT lab demo. Just a matter of time til the Big Man calls... 
just get home 
Just gettin ready 2 head out!!!! Goin shoppin  for goodies
Just getting back home... Long ride but well worth the company 
just getting caught up on work 
Just getting home and about to lay in bed and watch some tv. 
Just getting home.... had a great night with the bff.... work in 4 hrs... ugh.... sweet dreams ppl 
Just getting out of Daytime Drinking - 3 for 3 with evening films.  Korean roadtrip gone wrong and wrong and wrong.  But fun to watch 
just getting out of going beyond potential conference 
Just getting ready for work oh joy is me! Roll on holiday 
Just getting ready to clean my house up a bit.  
Just getting ready to feel the air outside... tweet, fs and fb break muna....  Balancing my way of life that is 
Just getting ready to go off and see the results of the Gale Tribunal. Exciting time 
just getting ready to watch true blood! 
just getting started. 
just getting up  going to watch some tv
just getting use to it 
just getting used to this 
Just git back from bikeing for like 2 hrs..... Now im going swimming. Yay 
Just give up the game and get into me, if your looking for thrills then get  comfy, Oh, no I do not hook up,up I go slow-I Do Not Hook Up 
just go back from the mall. i preordered JB's new cd 
Just go up to somebody on the street and say &quot;You're it!&quot; and then run away. Ellen Degeneres - read her book next time you are on a plane 
Just going into a meeting.... although it was scheduled for 11am 
just going to shop brb 
Just going to shower. Brb in 10 mins or so 
Just going to the store to make some curry makings 
Just going to un-plug and listen to the rain and thunder. Maybe that will allow a lil slumber. G'Day Mateys!  http://ff.im/-42dsp
Just gone bowling. Got the highest score of everyone in both games! 131 
Just gonna be another Monday. Uni, work later...but car back today. 
Just gonna go shopping up Fosse Park with mates  Got ï¿½75! Yeyyy!
Just goofing around on the puter... 
just got  home from Disneyland 
just got #LinesVinesTryingTimes at walmart! its amazing the @jonasbrothers did great! cant wait to see them in dallas! 
Just got $200 of my Macbook 
Just got 17 books in the library sale for 1 pound 50! 
just got 2 new cookbooks. Here's to a great summer 
Just got 2 work..vacation starts 2morro...off until june  
Just got 50 bucks from the neighbor for graduation  they are the sweetest people ever!
just got 87% in test, lol I'm so happy 
Just got a 1er for a mornings work... Niceeeeeeeeeee. Thatll be spent on beeros safnoon/tonight 
just got a blackberry! i am so excited 
just got a blood nose from his bestie boulto doing what they do best  wrestling :A
Just got a bottle of sutter house white zinny. I'm set for now 
Just got a bunch of baby things. 
just got a bunch of new clothes tonight. awesomeness. gonna talk to my bff later about planning what we're wearing to our JB concerts! 
Just got a bunch of presents in the mail from my mama! So excited to open them on my birthday... 3 more days! 
Just got a call  My PC will be here on Wednesday afternoon 
Just got a call back from the bank!  Woo~!
Just got a call from Flipkart customer service about a book I'd ordered off them.  They have an awesome service. Love them!
just got a call from my client...seems he has an in with another company that may want my services!!!  recession anyone?  
Just got a call from the ones I live together with wishing me happy birthday!  I wish I could be with them today together with the fam. (:
Just got a car 
just got a cool postcard from Belgium thanks to @TheRealCerilli! Thanks! 
Just got a counting sheep app on my iPod let's see if it works 
Just got a facebook account... about time 
Just got a firmware update on his G1...looks good so far 
Just got a flashlight for my dropleg 
Just got a flu jab and feeling brave 
Just got a free basil plant and now waiting for shawn mullins to start playing! 
Just got a friendly reminder from Lexus of South Atlanta that his SC is in need of servicing  loves it !
Just got a full meal from QT. FOR FREE! 
just got a haircut  and an relaxing enjoying my day off on the couch watching bridezillas sipping my starbucks. 
Just got a haircut and is getting sushi. Today is a good day. My head feels lighter 
Just got a Haircut!  :L Anyone want a free School Show ticket? 
Just got a haircut, and then going to the film festival with Shae 
Just got a hey monday shirt 
Just got a huge sorry and bouquet of handpicked wildflowers. He's getting to be a lot more country. 
Just got a Ipod touch  Downloading apps for it now.
Just got a load of automated build messages, hmm.. you're not supposed to be awake on weekends Mr. Build0  Hung process stopping shutdown?
Just got a lovely cuppatea from @hellboyberry. Jarvis tonight   Yey!
Just got a massage!!!! Best surprise ever 
Just got a massage. Feeling great and relaxed. Great start to the day n week 
just got a new bookshelf/tv stand and rearranged the living room!  i feel refreshed 
just got a new cell phone  not activated yet :-l will b eon monday tho can't hackin wait. My mom is getting me a @fred shirt 
just got a new kick set, cymbals, and light up drum sticks 
Just got a new kitten  me and my mom rescued him and he is too adorable
just got a new LCD TV 
Just got a new pair of see-pectacles. Its getting really pricey! But my eye-sight has improved! 
just got a new phone! 
Just got a new Speargun. Seatec Gabbiano 90. It is nice 
Just got a new stereo 
Just got a nice chunk of change from the g'parents for graduation 
Just got a page sorted on Bebo  http://www.bebo.com/littlequiz
Just got a plot idea for the first book. I'm ï¿½ber excited now. Not to sound cheesy, but I think it was @iamdiddy's tweet that helped me 
just got a postcard from aunt anne and uncle kevin from italy...cant wait till they come home   
just got a present from apple 
just got a rave review for my articles.. hmm I could get used to this 
Just got a reminder that my furlough is ths week, but I'm already sitting on the beach. 
Just got a reply from @bradiewebbstack 
Just got a ride with Bill &amp; Troy  I wish tonight was like last night. Paige Autum Karlee Ashley Nikki Matt Mike &amp; Derek are bomb. Woo.
JUST GOT A SKYLIT DRIVE NEW CD   
Just got a surprise call from my sister saying she's back from Miami for a week!!  YAY!!
Just got a twitter!  
Just got a twitter, guys. It's more interesting than I credited it for. 
just got a twitter, need some followers 
just got a twitter.... 
Just got all of the replies you guys sent this weekend.  Just FYI, on Fridays and Saturdays, you should DM me instead of @ me.  
Just got an email from Xbox Live with the subject &quot;Tonight, all will be revealed&quot;. Under 3 hours to go  #XboxE3
Just got an e-newsletter from Silverchair. They're back in the studio, working on new songs. 
just got an extra special 6 pack of Jones Soda 
just got an internship-offer via xing... funny 
just got an opal and diamond necklace from my dad for my birthday 
just got an unconditional offer. 
JUST GOT ANNUAL PASSES WITH RUSSSSSSSSYYYYSYSYSYSY!!!! 
just got asked if I was pregnant. resolve to stop eating immediately!! or maybe one more donut pre-diet...  
just got asked if she was superwoman. Prett sure that comment alone constitutes a successful day! 
just got asked to support Failsafe at Roadmender on Friday 10th July 
Just got bac from Arlington... could never thank you guys enough for giving ur lives for ur Country, we live in the best nation on earth! 
just got back  (woot) http://plurk.com/p/x5jf8
just got back 3-1 win at dominoes!! i would've won 4 but i got distracted by a castle or a castillo 
Just got back after an rough roadtrip to Amsterdam on the motorcycle. Had an excellent time there 
just got back frm a very productive day in the library! Today's menu: grilled honey chicken (as recommended by Mars) 
just got back frm my lame dads house..soooo happy to b home 
just got back frm the beach 
just got back from &quot;work&quot; and is already tired  still going to lunch with madee! I need my friends :]]]
just got back from @mowleynah's house, had so much fun! 
just got back from 2 1/2 hours of picture taking. Now Laying in my front yard doing bio homework and tanning. 
Just got back from a 3 hour dog walk around a lovely forest! Played in bluebells, saw a deer and chased a pheasant! 
just got back from a Brahma Kumaris retreat. It was magic 
just got back from a church picnic. had a BLAST!!! 
Just got back from a day at @GlenIvySpas, going forth to Roy's then #Disneyland. 
Just got back from a decent lunch with an old friend. 
Just got back from a fabulous bike ride with the family. Chillaxing for the afternoon, me thinks 
just got back from a family day out at a chinese all-you-can-eat buffet and i ate LOADS! yum.  now i'm eating some swiss chocolate... &lt;3
just got back from a fantastic lunch with a coworker who missed my b-day and wanted to treat me 
just got back from a few hours of sitting in the car with a takeaway hot choc. while mum ran errands. good 
just got back from a friends birthday..prob going to los angeles august 17th!  bringing my music with me ;)
Just got back from a great run with the hound 
just got back from a great sleepover  Had a bit too drink and just had a laugh  We did quite well in eurovision :O!!!
Just got back from a great weekend with Grandma Boss &amp; Stefanie--Even took a shot of grandma laying across her grave! 
Just got back from a late night bike ride with the kids. What a great way to end the day 
just got back from a little shop called Electrofix got a reel to reel on order and came home with a Focusrite tone machine 
Just got back from a lovely walk with my puppy. Eating lunch, then off to Megan's to tan in her backyard  
Just got back from a mothers day dinner!  We'll all make it through together, jason mraz thanks for your music it helped me a lot 
just got back from a n a ...fun place to just sit n talk 
just got back from a nice 40 min work out 
just got back from a nice morning hike, and now i'm craving to be at mission beach eatting robertos taco shop by the ocean 
Just got back from a photo shoot with Rafael for Mass Mentoring. PSA coming soon. 
just got back from a quick client visit to Cabanatuan College of Immaculate Conception. Long drive but fun 
Just got back from a ride.  What a beautiful night, full moon and all.  Looking forward to church tomorrow morning.  Night Sweet dreams  
just got back from a swim meet! it was a good day! 
just got back from a Target/Starbucks run.  Another rainy day.  Coffee helps  
Just got back from a very odd day of work. Starting tomorrow at 10.30, should be just enough sleep to kick this cold's ass.  
just got back from a walk with deanna  that was really fun
just got back from a walk with my mum to my nans n aunties my legs are aking   That my exercise for the day haha Jokes x
Just got back from a week away in Wales with no internets. The consolation was that I was with some of the nicest people. Thankyou 
just got back from a weekend on the beach 
Just got back from AC. Why am I not freaking out of the midyr exam ? :o HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY, MUMMY 
just got back from an AMAZING show! Nothing More ROCKS! lol  i love those guys 
just got back from an awesome photo shoot with balloons and lollipops! 
Just got back from an email marketing seminar! Can't wait to blog about what I learned 
just got back from another camp get together! yay school got moved to next week! OMG ROADTRIP. hahaha more plans for me then! 
Just got back from another walk with the boyfriend. All this walking should be doing me good 
Just got back from antique market 
Just got back from Antwerp. The trip was so sick! The zoo was so fun! Went to the apes, and saw my whole familie! 
Just got back from babys house. Hanging outt before work 
Just got back from biking. Taking a sip then going to the forest preserve and bike there 
Just got back from carting the family, mom in law, and dog to Okoboji and back... looking at campgrounds 
just got back from ccd, and now i'm listening to hey monday!guitar later, and then aunts house! 
JUST GOT BACK FROM CEDAR POINT IN OH. LIL ROAD TRIP FOR DA FAM RODE EVERY THING UNO G'S AINT SCARED OF NO ROLLER COASTER 
just got back from cheer camp and i am really feeling those long days in the gym...in my muscles. 
Just got back from Chuck E Cheese! hahah. Had to go there with my little brother &amp; his friend. I did not play any games. 0_0 hahah. 
Just got back from church! .. I loveeeee this summer-y weather! 
Just got back from church. Our parish priest gave a really good &amp; inspiring homily. Today's the feast of Solemnity of the Holy Trinity. 
Just got back from church. Praise Jesus! Haha i think ill go 2 the mall 4 a bit. 
just got back from coffee with sian. good times 
just got back from da gym...feelin' goood...nite nite 
Just got back from dinner with the family. BJ's treat, he did well for his finals 
Just got back from doing a small fund-raiser gig  Was good to jam with my old mate, Fox.
just got back from download... i am sun burned and it hurts 
just got back from downtown         I luv the NEW MOON trailer.....i just got to say 3words  I'm Team Switzerland!!
just got back from drinks with @jambina and @jenikins26 - now time to sleep 
Just got back from exercising. Will shed the Argentina pounds!  So I can go gain some Italy pounds! 
just got back from footy, thankgod eagles won 
Just got back from formal!! Haha it was so fun 
just got back from getting my hair cut pretty short  i love summertime!!!! off work, not sure what I'll get into today... lake tomorrow&lt;3
Just got back from golfing  yet another attempt at avoiding my english project.
just got back from graduation. Tanning. 
just got back from graduation.. i walked home. saw two dead squirrels :/ now im watching the belmont  IM FREE.
just got back from graduation/birthday party 
just got back from gymnastics(gym) training ohhhhhh im soooooo tired yipee double P.E 2morrow twilight rox!! 
just got back from hangin' out with the malays, kenyans and tanzanians! 
just got back from hanging out with friends 
just got back from hanging w/ @effMilone - good times  Enjoyed it, you weren't allergic to MY kid, it's all good! #wcchicago
Just got back from harrietss  Ima have to do some history work in a bitt  buti just watched the Lee Mack riverdance impressionn  tehee
just got back from hearing mass and a straight jog miler  phew. that felt awesome! No walking breaks!!!
just got back from her first visit to the Odulio house 
just got back from horseback!!  haha fun but now its summa and time to relax under the florida sun....!!! 
Just got back from Hyde park .. Hoping for good week ahead  plus I'm a vegetarian who eats fish now 
Just got back from Ice Skating  Was pretty funny ;) But annoying when little kid girls skate and slap your arse. lol.
just got back from ikea &amp; eating my fave skyflakes now. off to meet people in a few. don't have work for the rest of the week. 
just got back from Junior/Senior. what a ridiculous/terrible/amazing time 
Just got back from Kuantan Had sooooooo much FUN 
just got back from last ever gcse lesson  lol
just got back from lunch with her baby 
Just got back from Makati, will be heading there again tonight!  How i wish we can teleport or something. The traffic is unbelieveable!
Just got back from malibu 
Just got back from melbourne 
Just got back from my bestfriends's sisters wedding, this memory card is FULL  LOADED! and i'm about to take a nice easy nap  LATER
Just got back from my first ever Fun Run. And it definitely won't be the last. 
just got back from my last day in class.   kinda sad lol.  anyways. lunch. skate. write. sleep.  have a great day everyone!!! cya!! 
just got back from my run with debbee 
just got back from my shopping date with mother 
just got back from natalias 
Just got back from nephew's little league game. He played really well and earned the game ball!!! Such a proud aunt 
Just got back from nintendo world and I brought someone with me!  http://twitpic.com/6d4lg
Just got back from Numen's Bonfire.  I was going to stay up all night, but I think I may just need to pass out! we will see! 
Just got back from Ocean Park!  Tired.
just got back from off roading with the fam. completely exhausted, but happy 
Just got back from our gig at the Chrystal Opry House. After a few hours of sleep, we're off to the Dallas Farmer's market. 
just got back from outside. listening to a sweet song 'Thunder'.......again. haha.  i love that song and it's helpin with my story.
just got back from physical therapy...increased my wts   Off to see Dr. G and then to work.  Date tonight! 
Just got back from Relay For Life. Super fun, good cause, and I stayed an hour longer than I was supposed to without getting caught. 
Just got back from riding, and as always I had a great time!!!   I think I need to be careful so the great times don't end!!!
Just got back from run and toby is to keen on twitter  Love it.
Just got back from san francisco, its good to be back home...  Scout 
Just got back from San Francisco, spent the day up there with family 
Just got back from school. Had an afternoon chat with kumi. Happy cause its been a long time since I really talk to her 
just got back from school. it was pretty tiring, but worth it. we were welcomed by the PAO members, and it was a blast! 
just got back from school. long, bad day. math's exam was quite easy but fingers crossed anyway (yn) watching cold case! 
Just got back from school... Hard 2 weeks and i could pass it 
Just got back from seeing #UP  It was amazing!
just got back from seeing @yelyahwilliams &amp; paramore (&amp; no doubt) in atlanta... totally worth the drive from nashville!! awesome show 
just got back from seeing Star Strek 
Just got back from seeing the movie, &quot;Up&quot;.  It's a cute little movie. 
Just got back from serving at an outdoor wedding  it was beautiful
Just got back from shooting a dance recital, our niece was awesome  Shot over 500 pics
just got back from shopping  i got new jewellery new bag and make up woop !! 
Just got back from shopping with @mckaysolame . I got a new shirt 
Just got back from shopping with the fammm. Going to chawn's softball game . Go Bobbers!!!! haha. 
Just got back from shopping. Oh my! 
Just got back from shopping; with my baby then out doing whatever 
just got back from six flags  wicked fun. even tho i almost died!
Just got back from soccer...So, this is what a non-congested lung feels like with O2 running through it 
Just got back from Star Trek. Its sweet! And now I'm eatin some off brand oreos!  And Hanna is gonna get the... http://tinyurl.com/pj8g7p
Just got back from StarBucks. 
Just got back from SultanAkmed's Fish House in Istambul, had the Fish Special...Yum! 
Just got back from summer school and know I'm in my sofa watchinf tv 
just got back from swimming (: showering &amp; skipping tonight's show; seeing it tmrw. Sarah &amp; i are cake-baking tonight? 
Just got back from swimming. Half my body is sunburnt. Wohooo Going to get a tan 
Just got back from takin my sister out for her birthday, had a blast, Happy Birthday baby sister! 
Just got back from taking 4 little ones to the pool. Im tired... Birthday dinner tonight for sysay at the reata 
Just got back from taking my dad to get a tattoo done...im getting one on Thursday! Can barely contain myself! 
Just got back from the 3 Pints Gone gig at Maggie Malone's.  Quite fun, even if we are anti-social and left early! 
Just got back from the 311 concert, I sold some drunk bitch my after party pass. The AP was gay anyways....I made $10 
just got back from the airport. eating devon sandwiches / 
Just got back from the awards ceremony......missed the game.....but thats ok...lakers won!!!!!!!!! 
Just got back from the band practice... Was fun  put some new songs on our list
just got back from the beach 
just got back from the beach and it was wonderful 
just got back from the beach. fun day 
Just got back from the cinema after see Monsters vs. Aliens 3D. It was OK for a kids film, some pretty funny pop cultural references. 
just got back from the city. Great day out  Little pitter-patter and a bit of sun...
just got back from the dinner party  had a great time
just got back from the Doctor  welcome Wendy to Twitter  , Love you babe
Just got back from the doggy party  it was fun, in a family kind of way 
just got back from the drive in.. fast and the furious was good.. but then I'm one of those geeks that love muscle cars, so that was cool 
Just got back from the first swim lessons of the season.  Many, many more to go. 
Just got back from the grocery store. 
Just got back from the grocery store. Late night grocery shopping is the best. I can take my time, no crowds, no lines!! 
just got back from the gym &amp; did a little pilates  showerr..then grocery store &amp; some other errands.
Just got back from the gym &amp; had sushi with Simone 
just got back from the gym and just had a subway's turkey-breast on parmesan oregano. wheee tasty 
Just got back from the gym I feel great 
just got back from the gym, time for some well deserved relaxing 
Just got back from the hairdressers, I like my new haircut 
just got back from the lake. caught the biggest fish outta all the guys!! 
Just got back from the mall woo and i went with becca thats a double woo 
Just got back from the mall, and feeling so empty and watching charm school with my wonderful gay friend Angel 
Just got back from the mall, it was pretty cool. The chocolate lounge was awesome. Yah! The long weekend is finally here! School was fun 
Just got back from the mall. Saw Austin  Got 2 new books, and 2 new tanks. I got so many Double Whammys. 
just got back from the mall...was buyin prom stuff and shiiiet   MUAH
Just got back from the Mavs game tonight, it was badass! Lil' Wayne was in the house too  I couldn't get a pic with him though...
just got back from the most rewarding volunteer experiences of my life.  i need to volunteer more. it's 0 calories and quite delicious 
just got back from the movies with dylan! 
Just got back from the movies with madi... pretty fun night 
just got back from the park, now playing Wii with Christian &amp; Koda. Love these boys!! 
just got back from the play. 
Just got back from the postoffice were the lady told me my package was too big  good times!haha off 2 re pack my package now.
Just Got Back From The Rave! :O 
just got back from the reef  tad sunburnt
just got back from the session, its always better to be in Delhi, feels like home away from home 
just got back from the Spectrum with John. Finally saw Star Trek! 
Just got back from the spring dance  with the most delicious taco bell meal ever! Haha the dance was amazing&lt;33333 
Just got back from the Subway 500 at PIR.  Had a great time!  Johnny is such a NASCAR junkie.   He is so cute about it!
Just got back from the swim party! Now going to lay down and watch Pride and Prejudice with Ali  P.S. - We're not even Andie
Just got back from the townships. The fam loved the food and brownies  Hate I had to leave but they will never be forgotten
Just got back from the track  So glad Jess got me outside, I feel amazing. Exercise is bananas.
just got back from the wedding of Joel and Ces  Congrats and best wishes! 
just got back from the wedding; watching dane cook.  &lt;3
Just got back from UP. Hung out a bit with Lessan, Den, and Matti. 
just got back from walking around gatlinburg with kennedy! 
Just got back from walking the husky and am soaked from the rain. Bath time I think 
just got back from walking to 7-11 with brad. thanks for the slurpee 
Just got back from watching my friends basketball game! 
Just got back from watching Night at the Museum 2 and it's awesome!  
Just got back from watching the new X-Men, and drivin around... Enjoyed myself and who I was with.  So tired...
Just got back from work! I got to use a powerdrill.  It was very entertaining. 
just got back from work, gonna hang out with Hannah Montana aaaall day long 
just got back from work...pheeww!! first day goes well 
just got back from working. saw a humming bird for the first time ever 
just got back from youth camp, it was fantastical 
just got back home from bora  http://plurk.com/p/yu1fh
Just got back home from the gym. Now, I am almost on my way to shoot a short movie. Hope I can remember the words. 
just got back home from Wai'anae, congrads cousin Kaleo 
Just got back home!  Had fun sittin around with Mary! lol! DUD!!! Oh well, Whats up for 2mrw!!!????!??!
Just got back home. In the end we didn't watch a movie but i still had fun.  - http://tweet.sg
just got back home.. 
Just got back home.. Oh what a night 
Just got back in from bein out in teh car 
Just got back in from The Belcourt. Saw &quot;The Fifth Element.&quot; It was awesome. Now uploading photos from Friday and tonight! 
just got back phrom the Day Phamily Reunion in Oklahoma.  It was the 60th Reunion! 
Just got back to Drew, sister's party was amazing last night!! Saturday is finally here and its time to get Sloppy 
just got back to kristens. proud of myself for letting all the dumb stories pass. not even gunna question it. go me 
Just got back to okc from one of the most awesome proofs of how our God can show up and work thru storms in our life...literally! hahaha 
Just got back to school, lame, I dont even need to be here, I wanna play with my blackberry. 
Just got back, 
just got back, night at the museum 2 is so good! the monkeys are the best part of it!! 
Just got back.. Maybe some fun in a little bit.. still waiting to here.. Wii tennis is the shit, go Papa 
just got bak from europe 
Just got bounced from my table at the liberty hotel for matt light and 6 sluts. 
Just got braces on ..ugh but i got 4 not three  so much happier with that cant wait to get them off now hah oh well ill get straight teeth
just got called a slaaaaaag, shame it isn't true 
Just got caught up on gossip girl...omg, I am so 17 again!!  Now I need to spend some serious Jesus time! 
Just got digsby. Seems cool. 
Just got done a dance...i put my funky moves into good use 
Just got done at BLORAs waterfestival! Got sum orange grey goose  headed to the houstons' for dinner, movie n drinks 
Just got done at the gym. Made it to 45 min on elliptical. Wow! Only did 6 min 2 weeks ago! 
Just got done baking a TON of cookies 
just got done bartending @ the Mosaic Pool..exhausted!  However, round 2 of last nights festivities at WISH...XOXO 
Just got done being at a parade....now going to baseball game! 
Just got done cooking breakfast for my mommy  Happy mother's day!!!
just got done decorating cupcakes..didn't turn out the best..now getting ready and to my sisters grad party 
Just got done distributing postcards for our $99 a month websites  http://tr.im/nAyG I love my job 
just got done doing my gay science project. now im gonna go take my sleepy time pills and go to bed. night 
Just got done eating jimmy johns! Now joanna, @craigeryowens &amp; I are waiting 2 c Up in 3D! Yay!  then maybe putt putt after this! Fun day!
just got done eating lunch 
Just got done eating some chocolate cake that melts in your mouth!! Now.. Longboarding 
Just got done feeding the dogs and chickens. 
Just got done from the mall. I bought cute stuff!  &amp; I got my eyebrows done by a Indian girl with the string thingys. It hurted for me.
Just got done getting pierced! Fucking awesome! Thanks Courtykins and Carly for coming 
just got done going to the strip at the lake,, ice cream,, 
Just got done grilling out with great friends. 
Just got done looking at and posting pictures from this weekends crazy adventure. #happy 
just got done looking at old pictures with my brother. 
Just got done meeting with my rd mgr and now on my way to a writing session! Feeling very peoductive today! 
Just got done moving to the new home. Fuck I'm worn out! Now we are eating at pappasitos! Fuck yeah Lakers won! Fuckn right! 
Just got done mowing grass and showering, now its time for lunch n lemonade mmmm 
Just got done performin. Super tired now. Good night  luv ya!
just got done playing an awesome gig. Sweating now. Oh we are http://www.rushdown.co.uk under constr. Try MySpace 
Just got done playing drums with Gatlin at camp Barnabas. Good times! Great way to get your adrenaline pumping!. 
Just got done playing soccer... I love being outside 
Just got done playing some pass with my cousins. Wet fields + rain + some epic dives = grass stained shirt and grass stained pants 
Just got done playing Yoville.. and bought few stuffs.. 
just got done posting a new blog entry: http://kayleelove.com/blog/ Going to watch John &amp; Kate +8 on dvr then go 2 sleep 
Just got done recording bg vox for new demo I'm gonna release... Ima hit up Jason to record my full band stuff! 
just got done runnin....now it's time for a little sun 
Just got done running @ the park.. entered a photography contest for a chance to win 5dmarkII .. send your positive energy!i want to win 
Just got done setting up my daughters B day party. Can't wait till they are old enough to set it up themselves. 
Just got done shooting 
Just got done surfing with Paige and Ethan! Now I'm watching UP with my family 
just got done swiming! 
Just got done swimming for the 2nd time today. It feels good! 
Just got done swimming so just reading a book and waiting for the cookies to get done  hope i get to see him this weekend!
just got done swimmingg  txt it.
Just got done taking Bauer baby for some errands, Peaks Island tonight with Ashlie poo  and thennnn hopefully getting drunk 
Just got done talking on the phone with casey for well over 3 1/2 hours. 
Just got done talking to an old friend.  It was good to hear her laugh after the week she's had. I guess I can do some good. 
Just got done talking to Wilfredo on the phone  haha, mazing. &lt;3
just got done tannin with muh girls 
Just got done tattin for the day... Time to go home 
Just got done tilling the front yard, sucks. Now the part where I get to go eat.  
just got done unpacking all my stuff into mine &amp; babee's new room!! 
just got done visiting my new puppy nugget  i cant wait to bring him home!! adorable
Just got done watchin cheetah girls one world 
Just got done watching &quot;Drag me to Hell&quot;. Very over the top. Now about to go to Acme 
Just got done watching a Very Corny Movie! 
just got done watching August Rush        LOVE IT SOOO MUCH
Just got done watching Empire Records   ? http://blip.fm/~4iqmo
Just got done watching He's Just Not That Into You with mom. Listening to Johnny June by Heidi Newfield. Loooooove this song. 
Just got done watching Kung Fu Hustle and hanging out with @DaveSormillon  misses everyone from FCFC Spring Camp =/
Just got done watching SNL, and it was good  Now I'm listening to the new Green Day album. I'm loving 'last night on earth' I'm sap lol..
Just got done watching some Buffy. Hurray it's Bryans Bday Dinner Tonight 
Just Got Done Watching The Live Chat  Love All The Songs, Cant Wait Till June 16th I Love Jonas Brothers &lt;3
just got done watching UP.... SOOOOOOO good.  a new favorite 
Just got done watching wolverine. OMG .. What an awesome movie. Wonder if Hugh Jackmam will marry me in my nxt life  
Just got done with @raeelynn 's graduation....CONGRATS LOVE 
Just got done with 1059's. Off to bed so I can input them in the morning. The joys of the job. Oh yeah and F--- the Lakers 
just got done with a bubbly bubble bath!     SWEET!
Just got done with COSI and im on my way with Joe to his brothers house in marietta 
Just got done with eating A WHOLE CHICKKEEENNN! 
Just got done with my graduation party it was great  now on my way to a rough riders game with my aunt and uncle and I'm sun (contâ€¦
Just got done with school. Passed all my 5 tests. Have to do the next 5 for English &amp; I'm done  except the 2 for civics.
Just got done with work. Today was out of control fun!! Showering again/getting ready then heading to Lava Lounge to see Bullet perform! 
Just got done working on a painting. I really like it.   I think it may have cooled off enough to finally sleep.. night xoxo
Just got done working out on the treadmill. Oh man i'm exhausted. Going back to exercising EVERYDAY. Putting my mind to it! 
just got done working out! drinking a fuze and ready to get my hair did tomorrow 
just got done working out.. now time to lay by the pool 
just got done working out... ugh im so buff its disgusting. anyone wanna arm wrestle? 
just got done writing a paper for my exam... ugh... how boring tho... only 3 days of school left 
Just got down my first song singing and playing together 
just got down working at graduation... turned out good... have to be back at 8 in the am to break down... oh joy 
Just got dressed and waiting for a phone call 
just got drunk and downloaded every messenger you can think of. Give me your contact info! Would love to chat. 
Just got email from @lewisdvorkin - @TrueSlant is moving to beta soon. 250,000 uniques, 100 writers, just in alpha!  http://is.gd/RFMH
just got every MAC makeup needed to look like fergie's viva la glam ad 
Just got finished cleaning and putting out my mom's presents.  Happy mother's day. I'm going to sleeeeep.
Just got finished my run.....and feel great 
Just got finished updated AAUW membership info for the Tacoma Branch.  Each name makes me smile. 
Just got finsh crushin the stage @ bino's beat down comedy show..... Now on to a b-day party 
just got floored. thank you 
Just got free AAA tickets for Britney Spears 
Just got Ghostbusters...yes!! 
Just got great news ......occ lic was approved now to apply 4 the county 
just got greener 
just got Guitar Hero Metallica, pretty fun so far. Love Orion 
Just got her 3 little Norwexicans to bed!  Mommy Time  
just got here at netshop from watching Angels and Demons..  good adaptation but lots of veering away from book.  3.5 of 5 for me
Just got him some free tiffs treats 
just got his blackberry replaced! I can now txt again 
Just got hit with a water balloon by my son! So much for buying him anything else! Stinker! 
Just got hm from running around town. 
Just got home  Bro&amp; Dad's celebrating their birthday outside  Such a busy evening 
just got home  but about to leave again
Just got home  Err! Tired :|
Just got home  I'm outta here twitter-land!!!!!! I had a lot of fun tonite  @jackupfront
Just got home  listening to old Vanessa Hudgens songs hhaa, random ;)
just got home  saw reed and tay today.. &lt;33333 can't wait till summerrr!
Just got home  tonight was bomb ;) night ppl
just got home 4rm a FUN night with the cuzins 4 sissy's bday  now time 4 sleep... 
just got home a lil while ago.  my car was a big hit at exposed.  everyone loved the pink wheels and benilda hood.  car looks gangster!! 
just got home after a really good day with the best guys 
just got home after a tiring day, took pretty pictures,posted everything on flickr 
Just got home after bbq with Fredrik and some whisky and port. 4 am and sun is rising. Feeding my sour dough and now heading for bed. 
just got home and counting the days till friday 
just got home and sorting myself out ready for a heavy night in London.  I get the feeling it could be quite messy tonight. 
just got home at 4 in the am drunk. goodnightttt suggas  dont drink and tweet hah or drive )
Just got home before the rain started falling. Lucky me. 
Just got home bored someone should talk to me 
just got home form a nice weekend Katwijk, with my girlfriend  it was very relaxing. My girlfriend got robbed by a seagull. a HUGE seagull
Just got home from a birthday 
Just got home from a camping trip with my class mates... So funny  But I am never doing it again - Hated the smelly toilet!!!
Just got home from a date with the hubby, we went to melting pot... Yum! and saw hangover, its crazy hilarious. I highly recommend 
Just got home from a day of pampering and shopping!!!! My white outfit is now totally complete 
just got home from a day of pampering... today couldn't get any better!! 
just got home from a fun night at Duet35 with my amigos  happy early birthday steven!
Just got home from a jaalcampaign info nite... very informative! 
just got home from a long day at school, chilled day, off school tomorrow  movies tonite with the girls &lt;3 x
just got home from a long day! work from 8-1 and class from 2-10 was too much. about to get some much needed sleep 
just got home from a long day... went and saw drag me to hell... the talking goat was the highlight! had fun w/the homies tonight! 
Just got home from a long, but busy day.  I closed a couple deals,  and bottom lined a couple more.  
Just got home from a nice long walk on the riverwalk with my girls... And julian  watching my boys play now... LET'S GO NUGGETS!
just got home from a nice night out with my baby  I feel so loved  hehe
Just got home from a pool party!![funnite]. 
Just got home from a really fun time at Kadies! Now I'm texting Keaton. Yeah, be jealous Kadie. 
Just got home from a soccer game... it was the trophy that was handed over to the team FCK 
just got home from a street mass. 
Just got home from a sweeeet night, finally without work!! OMG, cant even believe it! peace, everybody!!!! 
just got home from a wedding - now it's time to nap! 
just got home from a wedding! woot woot! rest time! 
Just got home from a wonderful day with my family!!  I had so much fun today. 
just got home from ABGs party. it was pretty tight.  hehe now it's time for sleeeeeep!!
just got home from about ten hours at her friend's house  http://plurk.com/p/ysgny
just got home from amanda and bryans wedding festivities and is exhausted 
just got home from an AMAZING partyyy 
Just got home from an epic hockey match!  I played mega-awesomely. We didn't get any goals... and they got heaps.... but still - was good!
just got home from anberlin and taking back sunday  i'm tiiired
Just got home from Ashleighs. Editing took soooo long but it turned out AMAZING!!  I'll be modest and say we better win =P
Just got home from beazleys. Working on a layout 
Just got home from Berlin. Crazy weekend at transformers premier. china tomorrow!! 
just got home from bible study 
Just got home from camp a few minutes an hour ago. An it was so awesome. So glad I came. 
just got home from cheom. went better than i thought it would. 
just got home from choir rehearsal. talking to my sweetheart now 
just got home from church, met a great guy named Daniel, hopefully I can see him again soon   AHE 103 Final Due Today!
just got home from church. 
Just got home from church. Happy birthday Momma 
Just got home from Connors....at corn dogs and watched War movies  Its fun to just be together, in sweats, and eating corn dogs )
just got home from dinner  best dinner i have had in a long time! Well I probably should get ready for bed cause i work 15 hrs tomorrow =(
just got home from dinner and am really really full. my mom said my dad bought me a sony a200k? holyyyyyyy 
just got home from family dinner! mm great aussie sunday roast with the partners family 
Just got home from fun Raw Food Potluck 
Just got home from glp's show and im reloaded with new shipment from Rad clothing! Yess!! That means, more short film vids!! 
just got home from grocery. i &lt;3 supermarkets 
Just got home from hanging out with friends.  Had fun!
Just Got Home From Hanging Wit @ItsAldo We Went To The Drive-In N Hanged Out. Awesome Nite. The Hangover Was A Awesome Movie I Loved It! 
Just got home from hanging with Ming and watching HIMYM! 
just got home from hanging with my amazing boyfriend 
just got home from hanging with the besties. 
Just got home from having a study session 4 my test with my bf... He's so sweet. 
Just got home from I love you, Man. Loved it. Havent laughed that hard in ages. Made me happy  Paul Rudd is awesome!
just got home from jades and now im writing her a BFF love letter  &lt;3
just got home from joging... 10 laps 
Just got home from Kayla's.... go check out the new pics i have on myspace.. look what we have done all day 
Just got home from Lanza's.  Off to Wendy's Bachelorette party then possibly Bryans.. 
just got home from lygraceren bonding.  had fun! we should do it again!
Just got home from Machine's. Today was fun! Now it's time to chill with Tay Tay 
Just got home from MDDF drill with @mattbasch, @a_mastro and others... Hooah for Marching Band!!! 
Just got home from morongo.. Havin a corona  Won 100 bucks woo! Lol I wish it woulda been 100,000 instead :-/
just got home from movies and watched the end of the Texas Indy Race! :O my new favorite thing  wayy better than nascar ;D  JTV, like, now
just got home from musiq soulchiild &amp; anthony hamilton's concert. great night. music made love to me. I need cold shower, good night 
Just got home from my aunt's house. Watch the final season of Amazing Race and it was a good show. Good to see the fam again 
Just got home from my aunt's party!! hmm.. i'm craving for chocolate ice cream!! yum! 
Just got home from my commencement, I graduated college! 
just got home from my double at work today, saw @momleelee there with lulu and the lovely caroline! 
just got home from my erollment  and i hate my pe!!!!
just got home from my first day working at the nursing home, waiting on lloydie to come over 
just got home from my friends house. we grilled out and had steaks 
Just got home from my surprise birthday party and it was awesome! Thank you to everyone!!! peace &lt;3 
Just got home from Ocean Keys - Bought Green Days new album 
just got home from our practice. 
Just got home from Pampanga 
just got home from party  gonna buy VK manga soon  *hugs*
just got home from party. ran back through memory lane with a friend...she likes to hear my stories. 
Just got home from Pasadena  rolling a joint  yay
just got home from pkk reunion had fun 
Just got home from prom (which me and Candice got into free BTW ;D). Really tired and gonna sleep for 12+ hours now 
Just got home from Rave Motion. The Hangover was too funny 
just got home from riga.. it was really fun and they got Stockmann there so i managed to get my hand on some MUFE products!! yay 
just got home from Saint Motel concert 
just got home from school  Beautifull weather today..
just got home from school (: meant to be getting my hair cut .. but i cbf. lol dancing soon 
Just got home from school. Doing assignments. 
just got home from school. Now i'm havin my lunch. Yay 
just got home from seaside  drained as hell...sleep -_-
just got home from seeing @mitchelmusso at planet hollywood had so much fun 
just got home from seeing Fasterx2 and TFT!  good night
just got home from seeing up! it was so cute! and so was my date 
just got home from Senci! 
Just got home from shabu shabu. Excellent food...as usual 
Just got home from shopping.. yeah so try a whole new look?  mhm! Pens Game Baby&lt;33!!
Just got home from Stacey's lovely wedding 
just got home from SuperMalls! 
Just got home from swap meet :0 so gross! Gonna to to target to look for an iPod touh case 
Just got home from taking Oakley home. Had agreat time! I had missed everyone 
just got home from the bars downtown...there are a lot of obnoxious jerks in my city *sigh* nonetheless, twas a good night with friends 
Just got home from the beach    @aileeneduyan haha the info processing is so easy 
Just got home from the beach! Blackberry Pearl on Tuesday, IDK I just want the phone haha okay!? SO exited!!!! 
just got home from the boyfriend's  he's wonderful! wow its crazy we been together almost a year. |year this month|. â™¥
Just got home from the church. Watching nba. Idk why. 
just got home from the clubbb. im a night owl 
just got home from the dentist. 
Just got home from the drive in withh katie, mommmy, &amp; tayytayyy  Up was awesome  but startrekk was sortaaa GAY !
just got home from the kickass Elton John &amp; Billy Joel show  3hrs &amp; 15mins *and* I got my favourite song from both!  
just got home from the Majestic, there are some nice gays in Tulsa I must say 
just got home from the mall 
just got home from the mall.i bought my school things  bags,binder,pens,shoes.yei.
Just got home from the movies with Cara. 
just got home from the movies. UP was great!, so cute. 
just got home from the new forest. good week 
just got home from THE ONLY ONE CLUB , it was awssoomme , thanks sonia 
just got home from the park and feel alot better  the park was fun!!! hahaha
just got home from the procedure  laying in bed
just got home from the show @ the peacock room.. went really good.  now its FEISTA MEDINA tomorro.. hope 2 see you there!!!!
just got home from the show opening.  fantastic. thanks to everyone who came out 
just got home from the show. tired as fuck. watching tv with my kitty. 
just got home from the test, wow, it was a lot harder than i thought it would be, but i'll stay positive whatever happens 
Just got home from the water park! Lots and lots of fun! 
just got home from Tillie's dance recital. lol, it was spectacular! 
Just got home from tonys, we lit dillions ass on fire, the fun to be had with axe and a lighter 
Just got home from Town and @krslm's house. 
just got home from two gigs. what a great night  yeeeeeep! now I have to get some sleep... good night everyone!
just got home from UE  Nice first day... Mukhang mababait mga prof, or baka sa 1st day lang? (thinking) http://plurk.com/p/111bg7
just got home from volunteering at the safety fair, i'm CPR certified now 
just got home from watching ANGELS and DEMONS!  not bad... fairly good adaptation! fast-paced.. I cried a little... HAHA!
Just got home from watching Star trek.  I thoroughly enjoy it &amp; recommend it. 
Just got home from watching Star Trek. I give it five thumbs up. 
Just got home from Winco 
just got home from work  @f_florentina  heyyyy, how was the phoro studio thinggy? you coming to school tomorrow?
just got home from work and i'm TIRED! looking forward to my days off 
just got home from work and is going to have a bath and watch a film 
Just got home from work to find my Kings of Leon-tickets in the mail 
Just got home from work! It was a nice day to start work! The nice people and the nice workload!  *no, I'm not being sarcastic*
just got home from work, college service tonight most likely 
just got home from work, where i found the safetysuit CD in the mail  drove all over town to find it and wound up getting it online.
Just got home from work.  I work at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago as a security guard.  Come see the Olafur Elliason show 
just got home from work. blahh. bed soon 
Just got home from work. Didn't miss the end of the Mets game.  They're in the 11th inning. Let's go Mets!!! &lt;3
Just got home from work. Glad the lakers won! 
just got home from work. it's my rest day today, so I won't sleep. I need to get on with the day. 
Just got home from work. Now i'm hungry 
just got home from work.. Going to see the hangover 
just got home from work... ate a great dinner, &amp; not thinking about hitting the shower, then watching a movie/sleep ?  sounds good.
Just got home from work............STARVING!!    
Just got home from work...1st day after vacation = lots of job security =  plenty of catch-up work to do!  Good thing I &lt;3 my job!
just got home from working out at the gym- and then went to the spa in my apartment complex- relaxing.... 
just got home from working. super sunburned. and exhausted 
just got home getting ready to go to sleep now so night everybody on twitter!! 
Just Got Home Had An Amazingly Funny Weekend Thanks To The  Ppl 
Just got home i love stake and shake milkshakes 
just got home super tired, as usual. good thing there are no hws and quizzes for tomorrow 
Just got home teaching the younger generation how to use twitter 
just got home to find a pair of new shoes at the foot of my bed ... life its good 
just got home with the new Animal collective album, and I can defiantely say that I am childishly happy  *shakes fists excitedly*
Just got home with the Pre   Just gotta wait for the number to fully port over before I can make or receive any calls 
just got home! am really really tired.. hearing stories from my ever maingay na pinsan 
just got home! fuck russel brands like to tweat-whore.  how are you JESSM?
just got home! had so much fun! 
Just got home! I had an swesome time with Romeo 
Just got Home! Playing Drums on Rock Band 2 with Good Friends Makes for a Fun and Silly Sat Night! Go Alex Chilton! 
just got home! this has been a very very long day! if fact I was barely home all weekend 
Just got home! Watching the cosby show 
just got home, ahh what a day 
Just got home, going to hoag to see ash &amp; brayden 
Just got home, I got new creative headphone ! 
just got home, Land of the Lost is an awsome movie, everyone, watch it 
Just got home, maths exam wasn't as  bad as i thought it would be. Always a good thing 
Just got home, NIIIGHT  birthdaay sexxxx
just got home, now preparing for my gig tonight 
Just got home, soooo tired! @ddlovato and @Jonasbrothers concert tonight in Wembley, London was amazing! 
just got home, talk 
just got home, the doors were locked n somehow i managed 2 sneak in...what a fun night...ready 2 wake up in 2 hrs.... 
Just got home, was in a lovely birthday party and a down to earth house party at michelle's! Had a great night! 
just got home,ate some doritos now watching fresh prince! nite loves 
Just got home.  Great night with the gals.
Just got home.  So tired and it was super hot outside.  Getting the kids for bath and bed running a little behind schedule but oh well 
Just got home. BGT Final tonight. I hope Diversity win. 
Just got home. Bought some furniture for my room. Yay! Now for some relaxation 
Just got home. Bout to chow down sum powdered donuts 
Just got home. Cake made it home...fuckin tired. Shout outz@stevey_jay! Heyyy 
Just got home. Did a podcast interview AMC &amp; shared some laughs with AMC cast(JR, Adam, Marissa). Good peeps &amp; funny too! Now a power nap 
just got home. haha alex don't ever say that in public. -_- jk!  I think I'm gonna get some sleep
just got home. haha twitter! haha. went to the grocery with my moma. haha  waiting for the food delivery. hmm. hungrrryyy! 
Just got home. Math break; desperate housewives! 
Just got home. Me and my nigga joel were singing the whole way back and i gave him some screaming lessons 
Just got home. No sleep. Busy day. Twitching leg. Grad party. Shit! 
Just got home. Omg. People loved concert. Yey!  if you have not seen it you should. I still have lots of thursday. 
just got home. passed a skate park on the way back. daaamn. 
just got home. shopping with kia now bye 
Just got home. Sleeepy. Anyway, It's kinda hot outside but I like it. SchÃ¶nes Wetter,ne? 
just got home. sleep is always my best fwend on sundays  kehnite.
Just got home. Snacking on dark chocolate covered Goji berries  yumm
Just got home. So sleepy ! Today was fun though. 
Just got home. Spent the day In Santa Cruz &amp; it was super fun. Now it's time for some sleep 
Just got home. Texting  
Just got home. Thinking of how close I was to breaking. Feeling the walls in my stomach burn. Reading an update on &quot;For You and I&quot;. 
Just got home. TIRED AS USUAL. We all hate what happened today but we have sooo much fun after it. My crazy teamates are the best! 
just got home. today was fun 
just got home. Today was fun  I ate too much haha.
Just got home. Tonight was amazing. =D I should hang out with cute boys more often&lt;3 srsly.  Night!
just got home. went to totoro cafe (finally) for the first time ever. i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere 
just got home. whoops 
Just got home. Will rest then run later  Really loving the weather!
just got home.. 
just got home.. and now i gotta get ready tp back out again.. BLAH... so busy 
just got home.. bout to watch a movie. NO work tomorrow 
just got home.. good night 
Just got home.. goodnight twitter 
just got home.. had fun at my old skool fair &amp; i FINALLY got his number 
just got home...  http://plurk.com/p/xe76o
just got home... been a long day!!!! finally about to eat... 
just got home... it was a nice partiii I &lt;3 it 
JUST GOT HOME... WHAT IT DO TWITTERBUGS?  
Just got home.... WOW.. what a fcukin night! And we called it an early night! 
Just got home.....going to sleeeeeep!! Then hopefully waking up kinda early to continute the party with the same ppl i was with tonight 
just got home..back in V-East  ..had a blast @ Tita Grace's place ((CORRECTION TO MY PREVIOUS POST: HE WOULD... http://plurk.com/p/sy7o0
Just got hooked on Food Renegade. Thanks Carla Golden... I think... REAL MILK @ FOOD RENEGADE   http://bit.ly/qZKcg
just got hooked up.waa.  http://plurk.com/p/xltiv
Just got http://fblink.com/calrion. If I @ you on a regular basis feel free to add me as a friend. 
Just got in &amp; smiling like a school girl....G'nite Twitterville sweet dreams or beautiful nitemares 
just got in from a big party!  bout get some beauty rest!  holla @ yall tomorrow twitter bugs! 
just got in from a day of yard work  glad its over haha (its my Birthday tomarra! ill b 18 mofo!
just got in from a summery bbq, 
just got in from football game 
just got in from my morning workout!! 
Just got in from rehearsal. Pulling the stops on the new songs. Time to show off .....just a little. 
Just got in from San Fran had awesome time with my friends from home! got a new knife 
just got in from school.  maths was awful. Caught up on some health and social. now gonna get changed. its boiling!
just got in from seeing my men 
JUST GOT IN FROM SEEING RED CAFE N NIKKI MINAJ..VIP TAKIN FLIX WITH ALL DEM NIGGAS 
Just got in from splitting and cutting wood 
just got in from spur of the moment FABRIC...not a brilliant nite, but my buddy walked me home  ...right off to bed...
Just got in from the benefit  grrr-eat turnout! Daddy, I hope your happy!
just got in from work, very tired, just messing about online 
Just got in from work. Quite a few funsies tonight  I need to sleep though now, up bright and early for riding. WOHOOOOOO
Just got in my room in HK,... I'm overlooking a hot looking bay... I will be born again this week... 
just got in touch with my old friend zac! and he's taking me to a car meet friday! wooo!! 
Just got in, now in bed, very fucking tired! Thanks for all the birthday wishes!!!!! 
Just got into bed- turned on my fan-and am loving the way my silky Ralph Lauren sheets feel on my body. Yum   Sweet Dreams twitterland.
Just got invited to a job interview on a part time job as a .NET developer  hopeigetit hopeitgetit  hopeigetit hopeitgetit  hopeigetit hop
Just got invited to be in a Fashion Show where Ed Hardy is one of the clothing brands being modeled. 
Just got invited to do the next papernstitch exhibition! so *excited*!! 
Just got invited to interview for a part time charity role!!! 
Just got leapt upon by @kk.. an amazing diving leap onto me and @Rtanglao  
just got life of ryan on dvd! YAY 
just got lights! 
Just got me a Laker Championship Hat 
just got me a TWITTAAAHHH 
Just got megan's birthday gift(s)! I think i did good 
Just got more beer with my friends 
Just got more gear 
Just got my &quot;Queen for a Day&quot; birthday balloon ...   Happy B-day to me! 
Just got my BASSET Certificate! 
just got my best ever score on wii fit rhythm boxing, I must be getting fitter 
Just got my butt kicked by Bob the trainer on Wii Fit.  Oh well..I need to get back to a &quot;normal&quot; weight. 
Just got my card in the mail I save 10% on all my purchases at William Sonoma it pays to be a great customer 
just got my computer fixed 
just got my demi tickets! so excited 
Just got my diploma!!! Bye bye High school 
just got my facebook URL. 
just got my Facebook user name. now find me at facebook.com/karissaknutson 
just got my fasfa for next semester!!!! hell yeah!!! 
Just got my first &quot;OCD&quot; award in World of Goo. Cracked me up lots. 
Just got my first ever debit card. Ohhhh the power 
Just got my G1. Drivin' time 
Just got my glasses!Tried on contacts. Bad. Couldn't get them out again 
Just got my hair cut and colored....LOVE IT!  It's amazing the difference a new &quot;do&quot; does  
just got my hair cut. :] its really short now.  but i like it. 
just got my hair cut. i got bangs for the first time evar!  legs are hella sunburnt from motocross race yesterday. oh well.
just got my hair done for stavro's 21st tonite 
Just got my high school diploma 
just got my Hot Shoe Diaries (by Joe McNally) book in the mail. 
Just got my lip pierced  Finally, I did it :'D
Just got my long board!  its exciting.
Just got my nails done and in two says ill be in Brooklyn, cant wait!!! 
just got my nails painted- in bright yellow  
just got my new 24-inch imac 
Just got my new bed fitted and my new sofa in my room  Happy Happy 
Just got my new blackberry storm  looove it
just got my new hairdo.. haha 
Just got my new mac book pro... Lovable. Let's try Ubuntu on it 
Just got my new shoes and the baby girl is here to  So far I'm feeling this Friday.  http://yfrog.com/5f25oj
Just got my salary!! 
just got my slipknot tix in the mail. haha im so excited for may 
Just got my tan on  sittin at arandas with husband
just got my TEN re-issue today and i'm lovin' it!  it's one of the coolest! thumbs up!
just got my toes did 
Just got my twitter acc. I like it  But i dont have to much to tell at the moment as I am at home lying in my bed 
just got my twitter account set up 
Just got my wedding tux in the mail. It looks really amazing and was only $99 at Amazon. Just call me Kiesler, Max Kiesler 
Just got myself a copy of parallels, let's see if it's any good 
just got myself an iphone  will transfer provider in 10 days, so no fun till then
just got new cycling shoes!   
just got new footy boots. they're maroon and gold. like my teams colours. 
Just got of the phone with @taylorxtrauma  i miss her so much!!
Just got of work and is at home packing stuff for Wednesday. New carpet upstairs! 
Just got off a confusing VOIP/firewall call in Holland. Headed into the office. Hope everyone has a good day! 
Just got off a medical fetish call - caller had read my blog post http://bit.ly/Ia5R - woohoo - med fetish and CBT always ramp me up 
Just got off class, now eatting dinner!! 
Just got off fb chat after 4 hours of speaking to 2 amazing friends 
Just got off of work at effing 1 o'clock. With some friends watching a movie now 
Just got off the cruise. Fun fun fun 
just got off the phone wit my girl @jayfearful asking me for Tuna Helper tips 
Just got off the phone wit the girl Bestie  good night twitterz Rude P  Rude P
Just got off the phone with @DrKilstein - Awesome fella. 
Just got off the phone with a GREAT artist friend of mine and I can't wait to collab on this project! Pow! 
Just got off the phone with amanda 
Just got off the phone with coach miller from L&amp;C! time for bed though! goodnight 
Just got off the phone with lainey the love of my life  . . . Now im taken a crap
Just got off the phone with Monkaaay. And met Lil Angelina  Eric needs to hurry up please. I toot my motherfuckin shittt
just got off the phone with my babylooove&lt;3 
Just got off the phone with one of my FAVORITES  I've miss Ms. Barnes
just got off the phone. luke and me always have pro chats 
just got off the plane in boston  i need FOOD!
just got off the plane......im in florida 
Just got off the train. Going to meet my mom so we can head over to ihop 
Just got off work and am relaxing at home 
Just got off work and now getting ready for Hillsong tonight! 
Just got off work and rented Australia!! Gonna spend rest of evening with sexy Hugh! 
Just got off work another day done 
just got off work relaxin with the puppy. 
just got off work! i'm exhausted.... worked real hard today. JK LMAO. i only worked 3 hrs. 
Just got off work, thannks for stopping by @merdah 
Just got offered a job 
Just got on a pogo stick 
just got on active,and a job from them too shortly 
Just got one day of formalities at work before a huge and hectic weekend! Here's hoping for a fun one as well 
Just got one of my bday presents early - New headphones! 
Just got one with subject line: Harold sent you photos on Tagged 
Just got out of a long meeting. Time to catch up on my TwitterNews 
Just got out of acting class! I love it. 
Just got out of bed. Mika was amazing yesterday, got my ep signed by him and cherise  It's a shame the celeste din't work with toy boy.
Just got out of bed...going to make a grilled cheese sandwich 
Just got out of Brandi Carlile.. My fav of the four times i've seen her! I'm speechless! 
Just got out of church - such an amazing feeling 
Just got out of church! 
just got out of graduation 
just got out of office depot..excited to use my new sharpie pens tmrw!  haha..now I'm on my way to subway! yumm
Just got out of recording, off to pack for dance comp. 
Just got out of tha showerrr! Now im going to chill with jeka, stevie, and jackson 
Just Got Out Of The Bath...Going To Take Jake To The Bathroom, And Go To Bed. 
just got out of the pool  so nice...
Just got out of the pool again. I got a tan again.  I'll be beating Kelli before you know it... lol!
just got out of the sauna 
Just got out of the showeeer 
just got out of the shower - I need to clean a little bit and then go to sleep! Can't wait to finally see John tomorrow! 
Just got out of the shower  So fresh &amp; clean.
just got out of the shower  squeaky clean!
just got out of the shower and Orlando Magic better win today!!! go Superman  
just got out of the shower!  
just got out of the shower. nothing says 'wake up' like body lotion in your hair 
Just got out of the shower. went camping 
just got out of the shower.. gonna dry ma hair then go on d-v.com 
just got out of the showerrr 
Just got out of work and made some crazy cash.....hopefully tonite I can make more 
Just got out of work.....last day of school!  Summer vacation...here I come!! 
just got out showa feelin fresh 
Just got out the money I left to crispen up yesterday.. its looking very nice and fresh 
just got out the movies  movie was super funny ..cruising with the niGguhs
Just got outta the baseball game   *Ambertini*
Just got outta the shower i'm off to bed wish me luck for my transfer 
just got outta the shower, about to get ready and chill then go see my baby 
just got over the darkening fields in the mail from www.darkregions.com  can't wait to read it!
just got owned by an oil seed rape field.. back at sians working on look 2 
just got owned by his 5 y/o in Wii Golf. Beat me by 4 strokes on 3 holes. Time to send the kids to bed.    (Kidding about bed)
just got payed; yay 
just got pedis and racked up some serious store credit at Limited. Now off to a matinee! 
Just got pixie lotts new single 
Just got Pokemon Pearl. Wanna EV train my starter, so I've worked out who to fight 
just got pulled over by nevada state popos!! its quite grand 
Just got pulled over for not having a helmet.. Two cop incendents in a day.. New American record for me 
just got real lazy &amp; stopped cleaning! now laying down texting bfff @ceciibaybee. 
just got scanned. i am getting less and less nervous 
Just got some awesome PHO! 
Just got some DQ now playing call of duty 
Just got some 'kissy' plektrums as an early birthday pressie! Wicked! Album's out today if u haven't heard it yet  xxx
just got some mac makeup!! can't wait till it gets here!! 
just got some new clothes and converse pretty sweeet  new video coming soon  really good one!!
Just got some new clothes at dELiA*s. Yay!  Can't wait to wear them. They're all very summer-y.
just got some new glasses. and their sexy duddee :L but i think i actuly like the case more than the glasses 
Just got some new pants  Yay for clothes!
Just got some nice feedback from a client via email about a meeting I helped to facilitate... a good way to end the day! 
Just got sony Vegas 
Just got starbucks. Now to my cousins graduation 
Just got started outsourcing! I received my eCover for a site I want to flip. Now waiting for the book. Will let you know how much I made 
just got stood up on booty call. so sad (and odd) can only reveal to twitter friends. my real friends    
Just got sucked into a courant d'air. 
just got surprised with a brand new laptop and cant wait to play on it! 
Just got taken out to lunch at a famous and historic. Had crab cakes and creme brule. I love this city 
Just got the best damn album ever: Daft Punk-Alive!!!!!!!! oh and FIFA 07 
Just got the best hug from her niece!! Shopping... Txt me.... 
Just got the Blink 182 AP!!!! 
Just got the confirmation for our first Germany-tour-gig  October 9 in Berlin. More to come.
Just got the confirmation for our first Germany-tour-gig  Oktober 9 in Berlin. More to come.
just got the countdown numbers in about 5 seconds 
just got the fring app on my iPhone! 
Just got the G1 update, loves it! 
Just got the internet back up after it broke last night! Oh how I missed you Twiiter.  
Just got the new flight of the conchords cd! 
just got the new taking back sunday the day before its release. can't wait to pop in the stereo. 
Just got the phonecall I was hoping for..ohhh single life, how interesting you are..I almost forgot how fun this was 
just got the scoot!!!!  weekend time 
just got the SCX opsMgr agent runing on UBUNTU!!!! Will post later. Now cooking lunch 
Just got The Sims 3 - gotta break it in!!! 
just got the sudden urge to play rock tour tycoon. yes, i know im a nerd. 
Just got the thumbs up and Kool-aid smile from da lil one!!! That means breakfast was a success 
just got the TV fixed up in the room!! 
Just got this shit...ohh mornin 
Just got three text that i was no tv 
Just Got Through Watching @troytaylor86 's live ustream...GREAT! Ready For Trey Songz Music Monday 
just got thru cooking chicken skillet pasta for my lunch later on today...yum! 
Just got thru makin sum Bombay bacon &amp; krab stuffed mushrooms  I'm eatin my feelins, don't hate...
Just got tickets to see a musical - &quot;Wicked&quot;. Heard of it? Won't be til mid October though.. something to look forward to 
just got tickets to see Death Cab/ Tegan and Sara/ the New Pornographers @ the Hollywood Bowl....SOOOOO excited 
-Just got to Chlo's from IIIIIIHOP  --Thank god for good directions and turnip greens!
just got to close chat w/ jared by saying &quot;Good night... have a great day, Honey!&quot;  Love that 8-hour time difference.  
Just got to know my cousin. Wish we would have done that sooner...Never seen a family resemblance like that before 
just got to Mr. Hollywood level on Toontown.  Now we have the whole summer to max out that level.  
Just got to my doc appointment... 
just got to my reall home  waiting for douglas to stopp running.as i lay in bed ...im planning a roadtrip from nj to miami....gime advice
Just got to our hotel for the night. Sooo glad to be out of the car.  SC tomorroww!!
Just got to Paige's house, nice computer. Katelyn said I could just take it. So I got a new laptop. ;)   J/J   I'll leave it here. 
Just got to talk to my baby Biata!!!! In  Africa!!!! http://yfrog.com/0k289pj She didn't know how to use a phone veer well though... 
Just got to the cribbo.. Red as fucckk bc of my tingle tanning lotion  but it'll tan in no time  yay!
Just got to the hotel. checking in 
Just got to the Ramada 
Just got to work 3 hour with my best mate 
Just got to work maybe fifteen minutes ago. My boss is gone! Early friday for matty b. 
Just got to work! Tsk. 
Just got to work. Can't wait to have my car so I don't have to work 
just got to work....djkfladjkfla;f tonight...dinner and a movie with sam 
Just got to wrk! Hoped out the bed and DIDNT turn my swag on, hope today gets better 
just got to your sorry its saturday I am late one man  (@sigdaddy420)
Just got told im gettin off early today  this makes me happy!
Just got Tweetdeck and it's really awesome 
Just got Twitter 
Just got twitter (little confused) 
just got twitter on my phone 
Just Got Twitter! 
Just got Twitter!!  &lt;3
just got twitterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Just got ubertwitter!! Thanks Shantel! Aka Dawn 
Just got up  we fell asleep at 4. Maybe going swimming today 
just got up  Wheres the sun? =O
Just got up . Today Chemistry test : :S and after school : Drama 
just got up after an eventful night  weeee.
Just got up and im suuuper tired. I think ill eat a poptart before i get ready for work 
Just got up from a 19 hours sleep! At least the sleep covered up my 3 days without sleeping well at the camp. Feel so refreshed now! 
Just got up from my nap  
Just got up LOL  ain't 100% today still feel crappy
just got up O_O gonna relax for most of the day at home today 
just got up, couldn't sleep anymore i guess and im not really gonna go back to bed, im not really sleepy 
just got up, I'm going with dad to the airport, bye lola Zenny and lolo Greg, have a safe and happy trip!say hi to Christian for me 
just got up, my dad is off to wembley today  having a bit of a party tonight after the footy.
Just got up. Gonna be a fresh day. Tomorrow the sims 3 release date 
Just got up. Had a weird dream again. Yesterday Andre's parents stayed till one o clock, so that was late. It was okay to have them 
just got up. i'm off to eat biscuits and drink tea! 
Just got up. Really tired. Thinking about cleaning out my car. 
Just got up. Was out late last night.  &lt;3
Just got up... Chocolate cheesecake for breakfast i think 
Just got up... Gonna have breakfast an chill 
just got up....in the mood for country-pop today! LeAnn Rimes + Carrie underwood 
Just got up...4 the 3rd time all night, pain is a terrible thing.. trying to deal, this helps..friends, other things..mind over matter 
just got water heater, coffee for the office, sipping coffee now 
Just got woken up by my alarm clock. But i don't have to wake up!! YAYY! night night 
just got xbox on internet in room - now happy 
just got0 home from my cousin's house. 
Just gotta deep clean my carpet and I'm doneee! 
just gotta get through tomorrow then im free 
Just gotta say.... Love my friends! 
Just gotten up from a night of partying and I'm now getting ready for a 3 hour shift at work lol 
just grabbed a pita for lunch and heading home. Tonight going to my studio's dance recital with InaFabulous and then for thai dinner 
Just grabbing a bite to eat on way to airport. This is my view    http://twitpic.com/7j7as
Just grad now on to the real fun after parties 
just graduated from NSCC, yayyy finally an MA now I neeeed a job 
just graduated! now i'm chillin with my family and second family playing wii, watchin movies, and doing karaoke 
Just gymmed it up blad, sweet stuff 
just ha5 dinner at We be shushi. We be happy 
just hacked off a good three inches off my hair, not to mention thinning it out enough that there's a huuuge pile of hair on the floor. 
just had  a nice cheese omelet yes it 's  bad but good still waking up on my  2 coffee black one sugar 
just had 3 days off  even tho it was weekend..
Just had a 3hours meeting.... so long... Haha. On my way to cg now.  - http://tweet.sg
Just had a 5 hour rehearsal!!! My body hurts!!!! Time for a long shower!!! 
Just had a bath now back in the garden to work on the tan! 
just had a bath.....feeling refreshed 
Just had a bomb lunch. I'm full . . . Now more shopping then later skating rink 
Just had a bounty twas very good 
just had a bowl of chopped banana strawberries and grapes .. yumm 
just had a career interview, should have lasted 10 minutes, but instead we spent half an hour talking about bands and candem 
Just had a dip in the sea with mag 
Just had a fabulous day at disney land 
just had a facial. 
Just had a full English on my last day in Liverpool. 
Just had a girlie lunch with my two young ladies!  good ol fashioned giggle with the girls always does a world of good 
Just had a glass of box wine with string cheese, oh so classy!  
Just had a great D&amp;M with @yiyinglu , the creator of the fail whale,  about art, fate, and the pyramid of life satisfaction  #ignitesydney
Just had a great dinner with Will at Bubba Gump. Off to see the Terminator movie 
just had a great huge slice of pizza...it was yummy. 
just had a great lunch with friends at Orient 8. Happy Birthday Lola &amp; Nelly! 
Just had a great study time followed by a delicious Japanese meal with Arty! Now, trying to get back into the study mood 
just had a great work out  and shower feel so refreshed 
Just had a great workout. Time to relax 
just had a home-made banana milkshake, sweeeeeet 
just had a hug. 
Just had a jelly donut. Gotta love them 
just had a little snack and got mum/her boyfriend round for tea  something for a change
Just had a long chat with my Ex because it's her birthday today. Really good to catch up, she'll always be special.  Happy Bday Carly!
just had a look at bruno and eminem what a crack 
just had a lovely email regarding a university research post i'm interested in - will now be riding with a big smile under my helmet 
Just had a midday-nap, now I ferl better  g'day everyone!!
just had a mini chocolate cake and now heading to bed..well, couch.  Too hot to sleep up stairs. Plus, I want the big TV. 
Just had a movie marathon with my mom... That's how I spend my Fridays... and wouldn't change it for anything! 
Just had a nice bath  &lt;3 !
Just had a nice cup of Jo and going for a run. Weather here in Miami is BEAUTIFUL!!  70 f and not a cloud around 
just had a nice dinner... the dessert was especially awesome 
just had a nice shower  about to watch biggest loser, then bondi rescue.. probably have another early night tonight too 
just had a nice, short chat with my 'favorite' sister in the whole wide world 
Just had a picnic lunch on the front porch ... ah, summertime  Now if I could just figure out a way to see my  laptop outside! Ideas?
just had a piece of chicken and fruit for lunch! Being healthy can be hrd work 
just had a pretty amazing little night 
Just had a printer issue client reported it would not print. That's what happens when the tray is not in all the way LoL 
just had a pulled chicken with pesto, swiss cheese, tomato, red onion, black olives and wheat bread panini.. Mmmm ReRe Panini 
Just had a quick shower......feel all refreshed lol 
just had a real good moment. i missssssssss him so much, 
just had a sandwich and a frosty one in the sun 
Just had a shopping sphree..it felt really good buying new clothes for me!! 
just had a shower  chillin in my room making some beats hehe
Just had a shower .wahooo I  smell saturday night fresh ahahah jkjk I'm so stoked for tonights grad party 
just had a shower now chilling on the couch about to watch &quot;What Happens In vegas&quot; awesome film 
just had a shower, gotta get my crap ready for musical tommrow  and clothes for tashas tommorow night 
just had a shower.. after 2 years I finally have a hair dryer  happy days
Just had a snow cone 
Just had a soft boiled egg  I need some hairspray?
Just had a some serious rain in Sheffield again...now its back to sun. Good old British weather  #squarespace
just had a starbucks ;) caramel waffles are awesome  http://twitpic.com/4h5za
Just had a stressful BR game. 8- 9 to me though 
Just had a sumptuous breakfast at my aunt's place.Now going to the next aunt's place for lunch 
just had a sweet hug with my dad 
just had a sweet nap. sun is shining again in paris 
just had a terrifying experience with a spider, moth and woodlouse in my kitchen! then the reflection of my pjs was freakin me out! shesh 
Just had a wonderful time with my gals... 20 years friendship and still counting 
Just had a wwwwwwicked time with mum driving, can't wait til I pass 
Just had AMAZING trip to kawah putih with my family! Love the view! I soaked my foot on the water it felt chillaxing  loves it!
Just had amazing vegetable Sizzler and triple fruit Sunday.. Ah..can life get any better.. 
Just had Ammie over!  Now getting ready for Kelly to stop by!
Just had an amazing dinner at the Chop House with Kevin  now heading to a friends
just had an AMAZING Greek feast homecooked..thanks sipple  xoxo
just had an amazing night staying around hollys aunties &amp; uncles, our bgt tickets have arrived aswell  i'm so happy 
just had an amazing Northstar salad. Making my tomatillo salsa here in a little bit thennnn helping Drail and then OUT TONIGHT 
just had an amazing sunday dinner .. thankyou nan! 
Just had an amazinggg workout! Grocery shopping and then home to be a couch potato 
just had an Amy's Tofu Scramble....pretty good...I enjoyed it much so 
Just had an amzing dinner at Mr. Chow's  sooo goood 
Just had an awesome day with Jazmyn 
Just had an awesome Sunday evening out  cider and curry= nom 
just had an email mentioning the new jonas brothers tour dates  congrats em!! nice twitter hehe
just had an exciting Sunday... 
Just had an incredible night with all the ladies! My first bachelorette party!  So blessed to be friends with such amazing young women. 
just had an incredibly good bowl of cereal! 
Just had an insightful conversation that lasted hours. Oh how i LIVE for those moments with interesting people!! Good-night tweet world! 
Just had an unlikely &quot;Morrissey is 50 today&quot; conversation with someone at work. Happy birthday you charming man! 
just had another of my regular bedtime trinitarian discussions with my 5 &amp; 3 year olds. You think its hard to explain to middle schoolers 
Just had breakfast and right back 2 work. No sleep yet but i figured Lack of sleep is balanced by competitive energy  
just had breakfast at mcD's. saw a friend. shout out to jenifer. now showing up to church. 
Just had brekkie with Steve, Paul, Pip and Isabel. Now awaiting taxi. Great weekend...AND the Sun is shining on Bristol!!  
just had butterscotch pudding and ice cream, now drinking tea and watching scrubs, desperate housewives soon 
Just had call about the repair, things are moving at the moment 
just had chili crab nissin cup noodles! instant gratification 
Just had chocolate chip pancakes with Meg after a night of chick flicks and staying up until 3 a.m. talking and giggling. 
Just had coffee with emily! I miss that girl. She is so funny. Was really good to see her again 
Just had crabby business wz JF. Hiak hiak hiak hiak hiak!! 
Just had dancing. Chillin' 
just had dinner  so yummy!
Just had dinner with Katie and Matt from Shadowplay - was great to catch up although it always seems too long in between 
Just had dinner with my mommie and my brother and his gf.  now to starbucks!
just had dinner.. will do some seo study now  !!!
just had english class, and we did nothing but fooled around and played computer games, as school should be ofc 
just had good beer and good burgers at Dock Street...now to relax for the weekend 
Just had haircut 
Just had half of a footlong from subway for lunch...yummy. 
just had H-boy make us masala soda...Likes 
just had huge motivation from an unknown source to smack my exams. im really hoping to do well. hard semester i think i deserve it 
Just had ice cream I didn't need! But it was OH so good!  I can hear the cars @ the local track racing tonite! Sign of summer  on its way!
Just had internal demo of some features in the works for REDFIN. Really nice stuff! Will be released publicly in a few weeks! 
Just had juice for the 2nd time. I'm on a NO tea Diet .. whatever that means 
just had lime cous-cous with @SarahMoran and @Ehon at my place 
Just had long, long nap. I miss @aeosullivan &amp; @jdsully8 LOTS &amp; they are only in eugene 
Just had lovely lunch with girls from work sitting outside at Prezzo. We also have crispy creme for later 
Just had lunch and watched some clips, found a page that has collected some funny stuff http://digg.com/d1tshi 
just had lunch..  now m off.. some rest n some studies 
Just had McDonalds for dinner. :D It was goooood. Big Mac Meal. ;)
just had my *finger-lickin' good* lunch.  http://plurk.com/p/xspb0
Just had my bath. 
just had my breakfast  my hair looks like i have been dragged through a hedge. LOAAAAADS to do today like my french oral. i hate exams !
just had my coffee.... breakfast is next on my list 
just had my first butt plug experience with double penetration.....amazing, I am hooked! next week @ www.dreamnet.com/ariel 
Just had my first IM conversation with my Dad. Gotta love technology....and my Dad. 
Just had my first Max Brenners experience. Managed not to overdose on chocolate...there's always next time though 
Just had my first photo-shoot in a wedding dress.. I cann't wait to see the pictures 
Just had my friend over  she's cool   Might be going to queensland in the holiday 
just had my last &quot;writing exam&quot;!! 
Just had my lunch   Yippies xD LOL
just had nandos  taysteyness. good + lovely company = very happy dina
just had noodles, and i'm feeling the MSG in my system 
Just had one of those YESSSSS coding moments 
just had photoshoot. tried smiling with sun in eyes, end result, MAJORLY SCREWED UP FACE! lolums 
Just had pita chicken from jack's...pretty good... 
just had popeye's n yummy ice cream 
Just had some authentic Sinaporean food, and it was DELICIOUS! 
Just had some chicken and potatoes  yummy!
Just had some deep conversations with my dad 
Just had some dinner it was good. 
Just had some fried mushrooms from dq  Don't hate untill you try it lol
Just had some good rangoon and baklava, now going to the brewery!  
just had some home made rice pudding so good  lol
Just had some JA rum cake and have a drink but I feel like its the cake getting me drunk  haha...
Just had some McWings and McNuggets. Life is good  Now finish my damn brief and i'll earned my keep for today!
Just had some strawberries for afternoon snack, I love strawberries!! Gonna make a strawberry smoothie tonight after the gym 
Just had soup, warms the soul 
Just had sushi. Heading out to Hoeasis in a lil bit. 
just had taho for breakfast this cold saturday rainy morning. 
Just had thai food for the first time. 
Just had the best cheeseburgers ever. On the road again 
Just had the BEST DAY EVER. Seriously, nothing can top that. Well, perhaps winning the lottery... but other than that, it can't be beat. 
just had the best risotto 
just had the BEST Thai food of my life!!  Totally taking Sam there when hes in Taipei 
just had the cauuuutest waiter flirt with me 
Just had the coolest daydream! Who needs sleep.... 
Just had the giggles in a serious project review meeting. Not exactly anarchy in the work place but broke the tension if nothing else 
Just had the greatest yoga class about 1 1/2 hours ago... still have the &quot;YOGA HIGH&quot; and so many thanks to the teacher, Felicia Tomosko - 
Just had the hottest waiter EVER. Hahah. I &lt;3 smokey bones now. 
Just had the laziest day ever. But still totally sleepy!!!! Wish it was summer again, wanna hit the beach!!! 
just had the most amazing home cooked pizza, cheers Jess 
just had the problem as andy...little girl was staring at me, we had a stare off and i won  then she got out of the car and chucked a fit
Just had the sexiest day getting too bad at Defected for BPM Magazine... shiny disco ball hugeness coming soon! 
Just had the worlds shortest Job Interview  the interview was terminated after the 2nd question! The guy was a Tool  hahaha
just had the yummiest roast chicken dinner  
just had to take in the washing &amp; awwe the moon looked so pretty! 
Just had to tweet that. Oh and thanks to everyone for their well wishes so far. 
just had wingstop  best wings in the world!
just hadda 2hr math exam :/ -not cool. got another 2hr one after lunchhh, man. off to chill it up in the sun with ssscotty 
Just half an hour of sun, 15mins back, 15mins front, now back to the LCD light 
Just handed all my textbooks back to the uni library! Feels like the official end 
just hanging out at the lake w/ friends and family 
just hanging Out with jO and natalia 
Just has some watermelon at my Grannys house. What a nice, chill Sunday 
just hate that the cuz I went with (her laptop was broked) so was not able to see if Ddub had a Waffle House tweet 
just have had a bath  (spelling right?) ...
Just havin a rehearsal, my entrance and model pose is stolen from jeff hardy  im feeling so cool
just having a browse at various web sites, then getting ready for Roast lamb Dinner round me mums!! yummy 
Just having a nice cup of coffee before taking a nice mother's day walk.  Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there 
Just having a quick munch before work........looks like it's gonna be a nice day for all of uk today 
just having fun with my friends  thank you and love you *kiss*  missing my best friend ...shÃ©Â´s in italy chillin at the beach...
Just having lunch, chicken now marinading ready for Biryani tonight 
Just heading down to the Vatican, 12 Euros just to get in... The Catholics are so meek aren't they? 
Just heard @fareastmovement Girls on the Dance Floor on 102.5!!  (via @yvonneduong
Just heard a good news,a friend of mine got a Doctoral scholarship to Sweden!Yay!Happy for him and proud of him  u r sucha smart ass Ben!
just heard a song from dr dres 'detox' 
Just heard Andres Torres' single again  &lt;3 &lt;3 @KNBR
Just heard barac obama likes rap music, thinks why. Just shows noones perfect  
just heard Britney - Everytime, which reminds her of @Kaffra 
just heard busted on radio 1! yehhhh  year 3000 is such an awsome song!!
Just heard David Grey's &quot;This Years Love&quot; on @Pandora.    Isn't it fantastic to hear old favorites that you forgot about? #musicmonday
Just heard Demi Lovato on BBC Radio 1.  Just thought you'd like to know.
Just heard Fergilicious on the radio....and totally forgot how sassy that joint made me.  D to the E to the L to the I C I O U S!  
just heard from @chrisash07. She's finally back!  It's weird to think that I haven't talked to her or seen her in two weeks.
just heard her diamonds by rob thomas.  good song.
Just heard Hey Rosetta!'s &quot;Red Heart&quot; http://bit.ly/WutsW on the radio @ http://bit.ly/1iZgg ~ give it a listen!  
Just heard my favorite song november rain my long day is complete! 
just heard Skillet's new single, Hero!!!! First time I heard it on the radio...  super excited for their new CD!!!!
Just heard some of that Pleasure P album, that which I don't have lol, and I can't wait to get it. It's going to be hot! 
just heard that Redstar - Awakening (Syna Remix) is coming out soon! 
just heard that song &quot;stronger&quot; by @ddlovato, i like it! 
just heard the interview of DAVID Archuleta &amp; Cook on the radio. nice guys! love them now! goodluck! thx for visiting the phils. 
Just heard the Jonas Brothers singing a cover of Katy Perry's &quot;Thinking of You&quot;. And you know what?? I LOVED it!!!!!  
just heard the most AMAZING news!!!  I am so excited today!!!!!!!!!  
Just heard the most beautiful melodic ringtone - it's a shame the owner turned it off 
just heard the new atl song *thumbs up* 
Just hearing anything from the soundtrack to Amelie makes me smile.  
Just helped a really nice old lady. Its awesome when u get nice customers! 
Just helped mom get good daughter points 
Just hemmed a bunch of curtains...whew! Now it's beer time 
Just herad this song... I love it! and EC is a Carolina boy  -- Love Your Love The Most by Eric Church -- http://tinysong.com/4NRa
just here jammin out! music is like food to my soul! always heals da wounds noone else can! 
just his twitter started 
Just hit 117 at the alley, and is happy for it 
Just hit 2000 friends on myspace! Thanks fans!!! 
Just hit 50 followers! Hello friends. 
Just hit over 1000 followers!  Thanks to everyone that is following me 
just home bored had an eventful night 
Just home for the day now. Just as well as I have loads to do. Bought myself a tower fan to help me cope with the heat 
just home from CCHS graduation!  So proud of all my former students!  They are amazing! 
just home from hospital, my nanny had a scare. All is well though thankfully 
Just home from performance of Verdi's Requiem, more on blog later! Was excellent  - http://bkite.com/076Bj
just home from rc-car racing. servo gear broken - expensive hobby! now: bbq! 
Just home from shopping!!! Think I got me a good tan   Had such a good day! 
Just home from the emirates stadium. Am still drooling after seeing enrique 
just home had  good day  
Just hooked up @hottlittledncr for Twitter-itis 
Just hung up with Marisol. She fell asleep.  hopefully I get sudden insight on how to solve this ish. &gt;.&lt;
just hung up.  ooh, now i know loads of juicy gossip!
Just illegally drove home. 
Just IMDB'd Moonwalker; had no idea a young @MoTancharoen was a dancer in the movie   Awesome sauce!
Just implemented Disqus comments on my blog. Tested and it works fine. Now to trash the post! 
just imported another @coldplay album,mainstream but still cool  #musicmonday
just in  im tired and should be studying but know what? STUFF IT 
Just in case anyone is interested in merging multiple RSS feeds into one.  Here are some links  http://is.gd/MrA http://is.gd/c8VK
Just in case anyone's wondering: I'm effectively absent from Twitter till next Thursday at least. Up north with the family. 
Just in case I didn't say it enough lately: You are all wonderful, beautiful, precious human beings  &lt;3
just in case you wonder, we are really busy today and this coming with with adding tons of new blogs and updates stay tuned 
Just in from work nig'd hoose. need dinner, also off for 3 weeks yass 
Just in myspace. 
Just in the pic ill be lookin straight at the camera with like eyeliner and im seruous face and all and then all black clothes 
Just in work carn't wait to finish so i can go sit in the gorgeous sun!  x
Just in.. been on quads all day. It was amazing 
Just incase anyone was wondering  ...I joined twitter 73 days ago - http://whendidyoujointwitte... ? March 20th to be exact!!
just initiated the transfer of my domain to my new web host 
Just instailed window 7, i like it 
Just installed #dropbox... what an amazing and smooth experience and product. I wish i had made that 
Just installed a Joomla CMS system on to a web server for the 1st time  It was easier than expected  tea time
Just installed a new twitter app for android called twitterRide. I think I like it 
Just installed Amarok music player on windows. Nice that they can port a Linux program to linux this easely 
Just Installed BumpTop! 
Just installed drivers for my bro's scanner so I can backup all my grandparents' photos and documents this weekend 
Just installed Mozilla Firefox... we'll see how i like it 
just installed the latest version of Twibble (www.twibble.de) on @alidapham 's phone 
Just installed twitterberry on my phone  holla! &amp;just got home from a fun night out.
just installed ubuntu 9.04...and i'm on ubuntu now 
just installed windows 7 build 7137 , looking nice  i will try to post more info in http://rvxtm.com , but there are rumors for a RC2 7200
just installed Windows 7 RC, so far no mushroom cloud yet. 
just installed windows xp a few hours ago, and instantly got a time-bomb with a mega-tonic virus which is really damn powerful 
Just interviewed Kate voegele playing at borders in Hollywood. Saw dax shepard and kristen bell there...just shopping though 
Just invited everyone to join Twitter hoping they can help me figure it out.     It seems so bare &amp; empty compared to Facebook.
just invited some people 
just ironed on my mere down falconry patch to my top! I look all proffessional now for sunday 
just isntalled iTunes.  Let the tunz begin 
just join twitter! 
just join Twitter, lets see how it will go 
Just joined a twibe. Visit http://twibes.com/biotech to join - for all those biotweeps out there 
Just joined a twibe. Visit http://twibes.com/ONGs to join 
Just joined a twibe. Visit http://twibes.com/spinning to join -- not a spinner myself but do KNOW and RESPECT spinners   ...need coffee
Just joined a twibe. Visit http://twibes.com/strategy to join #followfriday @MetaKong -Because I once got robbed in Amsterdam  ! #MetaKong
just joined checking it out 
just joined the ?????swim team! 
Just joined the the GL forum 
Just joined Twiitter 
just joined TWITER 
just joined twitter !! 
Just joined twitter and I'm trying to find lots of fellow C-P'ers 
just joined twitter and wounderin how it all wrks 
Just joined twitter gettin ready 2 go get tiles 4 bathroom as jus moved in2 new flat with boyfriend iain aka mofo 
just joined twitter to see what it is all about 
Just joined twitter! My very first tweet 
Just joined twitter. Hello world. Pls feel free to use http://www.homegrownmarket.co.nz to advertise your locally made stuff or events 
just joined twitter. still feels unfamiliar 
just joined twitter.. looks good 
just joined twitter...trying to find people now 
Just joined Twitter; nothing else to do while doing laundry. 
Just joined twitter? 
Just joined. &lt;_&lt; Not even sure if any of my friends have Twitters, maybe I'll just be a celeb stalker o.o 
Just joined... lets see what happens now 
Just kicked @zman0442 at wii sports!!! 
just kickin back waitting to see wats goin dwn to nite 
just kidding @migihoppe ur the sexy one. 
just kidding now im goin to bed everyone good night 
just kidding, sox are on! i finished the paper though 
Just kidding. Day off.  I'm okay with it !
just kidding:  why is my daughter crazyyy?   http://www.funadvice.com/r/393965
Just killed a chile relleno meal from burnt tortilla, thanks babe!  Now time for some jdm rockstars 
Just killed two spiders and I feel goooood. 
Just kinda bored. Listening to Barlow Girl. haha  I'm soooo happy summer is finally here.
Just landed a new contract 
just landed another wedding photography gig in August, happy out  
Just landed at SFO. 
Just landed back on Dutch soil. Glad te be back, can't wait to return 
Just landed in charlotte.. One more leg of my flight but at least i have a tasty beer in front of me while i wait  
just landed in Chi-town! 
Just landed in detroit. Feels good to smell that MI air 
Just landed in Dubai. The heat kills me everytime 
Just landed in Heathrow....im gonna be backstage of Britains Got Talent tomorrow night,heard so much about it cnt w8 to see it for myself 
Just landed in HSV. I'm home. 
Just landed in LA   Wolverine @ 11:30!!
Just landed in LA  Can't wait for demi's new album ! it's gonna rock !
just landed in LA. Two hours to get on air tahiti nui flight to Tahiti. 
Just landed in Las Vegas! 
just landed in london 
Just landed in New York 
Just landed in Orlando!! Sooo excited to be home!! 
Just landed in ottawa. Flight was a little rocky. Watched Coldplay and wrote script. Now to meet up with laura and get some breakfast. 
Just landed in Pittsburgh.  Where are the cactus?  
Just landed in Plymouth. Next stop Newquay  just waiting to take off again.
just landed in san diego! no parents = more fun 
Just landed in Wpg. Going to see my managers new office and bldg.  Lunch too 
Just landed. People clapped? It was weird. In any case, hello Los Angeles  its been too long.
Just Landed... Home Sweet Home 
Just landed...the Las Vegas skyline looks AMAZING! Rawlins was GREAT, but it's good to be home. 
just laughing at the &quot;fantastic&quot; translation from my Ribbit Voicemail 
just layed outside for 4 hrs... have a nice sunburn 
Just learned a new word from @rachkojima . &quot;L'duuuuuhh&quot;=&quot;well duh&quot;. HAHA ossum. For real. Ossum. 
just learned about &quot;Wages and employment rights&quot;...my head will blow 
Just learned how to do a proper middle kick block &quot;hara uke&quot; during Shorinji Kempo martial arts class. 
Just learned how to repair my bike!!! 
Just learned how to use a tablet PC at Edward Jones training. It can read my handwriting and I usually can't 
Just learned myself the song ''Damned If I Do Ya (Damned If I Don't)'' on guitar! its pretty fun to play! 
just learned that all these women student athletes r so crazy, funny, n very creative 
Just learned that ï¿½International Creativity and Innovation Dayï¿½ is on my birthday  ï¿½ Wolfram|Alpha http://bit.ly/EOqP1
Just learned the intro to &quot;Unfaithful&quot; on the piano . 
Just learnt how to play East jesus nowhere by Green Day on guitar yey!!  I haven't played in ages... x x
Just learnt how to re-mux HD .mkv files into an M4V container that's compatible with my Apple TV. Takes about 20mins &amp; no video encoding 
Just leave out the tequila 
just leaving camp after an amazing weekend.  can't wait for that hot shower though 
Just leaving Cole's house. Go Lakers, go! PESH camp tomorrow. Text 
just leaving OpenCoffee Bristol, things still buzzing, lots of new faces &amp; I may have met my new boss 
just leaving parents'. cori &amp; i heading to a baby shower but we still have to buy the gift. last minute... again 
Just leaving the Oso Oro event at the glbt center. Part social event, part art expo. Great turn out. 
Just left #nho exhibition of #zda, bought two artworks to decorate my baby room. 
just left church. my dad said i can drive later, 
Just left Ikea  Fun night with Brittney and John.
Just left in the heights  it was incredible  -Mandelion [FTW]
Just left my daughters soccer game!  Jackie 
Just left old navy all graphic tees are $3 
just left some club in the city..good times tonight 
Just left the beach and It's official: I really really like San Diego. 
Just left the beverly center, now I'm about to go home &amp; chill B4 the @Lakers come on! Goooo LAKERS! 
Just left the gym and I'm feelin good~ no work tomorrow woot~ 
Just left the lift lounge  it was fun ...
just left the sox game and playing some old school britney, love it!!   
just left tiffany and matts wedding. great time!!  at the mall watching drew shop for clothes for internship
Just left tji fridays ! And i think we found a after party 
Just left to go storm chasing.  storm won't last long in kc though. #kcstorms
Just left true north and now me &amp;@rlombardo are headed to the north fork 
just left UP with the garneaus, very sweet movie. jordy slept through most of it, sound asleep in my arms.  
Just left work.  morning run... Okay, walk... later. 
just let it go 
just let it go... 
Just let the ILL show and head to yuma, hello road trip starting at 11 pm 
Just like a &quot;Love Story&quot;. 
just like a Tattoo 
Just like everyone else, going to go see wolverine soon  irvine spectrum!
just like i promised, 1 more follower today &amp; you guys get a shout out videooo 
just like the squirrel and the mocking bird...twas phunny 
just linked my wayn account with twiter...so that following me even becomes easier 
just listed - Subtle Necklace http://bit.ly/BWZu9   
just listed my new necklace, it is a climbing plant for your neck! http://bit.ly/Y0XNZ (Via @jezzabell13) &lt;- gorgeous! so fresh looking 
just listed the first few items in her new etsy shop! Many more to come!  http://bit.ly/quQrj
Just listed with new photos.   http://bit.ly/yCxcq
Just listen to your heart and proud to be yourself no matter what they say about you 
just listened to an awesome song on her vm by her very awesome buddy 
just listened to Black Eyed Peas' HORRIBLE new album, now I'm heading to bed. Goodnighttttttt, dream BIG! 
just listened to Domination by Pantera on Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/36pz 
just listened to Lady GaGa on Live Lounge. Amazing. Shes bringing the Fame Ball to the UK apparently! Cant wait! Paul O'Grady tonight. 
Just listened to old voice comments on my Snapvine. I love to hear feedback from people. 
just listened to selena's newst original song ( headfirst ) it awesome love it .. 
just listened to Vienna by Billy Joel on Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/2OZX - saweeet 
just listening back the studio mix of the new single I was working on last night and I have to say I'm a genius the mix is tight 
Just listening to britneys 2nd album...i loooove Brit. 
just listening to music and on youtube 
Just listening to some nice relaxed songs this morning to try and get me wakened - Paul Weller Broken Stones at the mo! Tune!!! 
Just listening to the chart show 
just listening to the radio. . . follow n message me 
Just little pink flower present for T. Thank you very much again for everything especially for the chocolate milk! 
Just logged 6 miles. Got 10th overall at the 5k and 4th for women. Yay 
Just look at that for a Leeds Fest Line Up so far! http://www.leedsfestival.com/lineup/index.aspx 
just looked at a sweet house 
Just looked at Microsofts Project Natal motion recognition demos on Youtube. If this works half as well as the demos show, bye bye Wii 
Just looked back over all the scripts of plays i've been in- all the wonderful people i've met over the years- Gd times, gr8 memories  xxx
Just looked Katty Perry's sushi nail. It's funny.  http://katyperryblog.tumblr.com/
just looking  new in twitter
just looking at twitter, not really wanting to go to bed yet... LOL. surfing the web. looking up random stuff on the web. 
just lost a wutang competition. the winners were 3 and 4 years old. fantastical! off to cold stone. 
just love a bit of star trek in the mornin 
just love beach handball  Gonna be fun tonight - good food with my handball girls, a great handball match on TV and then partytime 
just love playin restaurant city! 
Just lovein'  all of my great followers, which includes YOU   @ednarheiner So sweet of u #followfriday @cjs_3
Just lucked out like crazy, no TOK oral today 
Just luvin it 
Just made 6 grand in one hour playing heads-up for the first time. I think I found my calling.  Ship it.
just made a bomb cake. i love baking 
Just made a cake!! 
Just made a cereal bowl cake (http://eastwind.no-ip.info) with some young dandelion plants for increased food benefit. Yummo 
Just made a coconut Elephant 
Just made a double sale... need to investigate a commission structure 
just made a flower headband. out of real flowers. its really cool. its not real flowers its those lil white weeds that look like flowers. 
just made a good friend going thru a bad time smile...that makes me smile 
just made a ham, strawberry and black pepper sandwich. Don't judge me it's actually really nice 
Just made a hundred bucks 
just made a lemon cheeeeesecake 
just made a milkshake for my my family and I now off to rehersals! 
just made a new shareparelli account 
just made a quiz on facebook 
Just made a twitter 
just made a VS purchase - happy early bday to me 
just made a youtube video heh  http://bit.ly/Iyqb3
Just made a yummy dinner for the girls! 
Just made an amazing lunch for myself. Shower then heading to work until 5:30. Then picking up Nick and Izzy and heading to Waterloo! 
Just made an American Idol mix. Go Orlando! Dbacks game on soon after Lunch! I'mma be Indian today. Curry! 
Just made another trip to evans this time for clothing :p spent a stupid amount but its worth it 
just made aqn appointment for massage 
just made banana cake...yum  
just made bangin' smoothies with her little brother! Getting things together for tomorrow then relaxing for the rest of the night 
Just made breakfast for her mom 
Just made chocolate milk  to go with my nice comfy bed and a movie 
just made contact with a new hot dude in the next city over. See if he wants some head 
Just made cupcakes for the guys. They're out at paintball. 
Just made delicious cheap burritos, with lots of leftovers for lunches or dinners this week!  http://tinyurl.com/cav8np
Just made dinner for @theARNSKI ... my yummy spaghetti with garlic bread! 
just made french toast! it was yummy 
Just made it home from work.  About to put vapor rub on my chest and soak my feet in epsom salt.  Nite  
Just made it to Richmond. Galiano Island tomorrow 
Just made me a summer theme for chic &amp; sassy... still working out the kinks though 
Just made muesli bars with Phoebe and pizzas with her soccer was good 
Just made my twitter account 
just made my twitter account to see if it's as fun as people say it is 
Just made my twitter account! I plan on using it a lot! 
Just made my twitter with bri!  trying to figure it out!
Just made my Twitter, Its Alrite, will update as much as possible 
just made my twitterpage, dont know if im going to like it. 
Just made myself a photo shoot, haha! Am I the only one who makes herself a photo shoot?? I don't think so... 
Just made myself an amazing breakfast burrito! I love eating breakfast for dinner. MMM 
just made pancakes with daddy.  yummy.
Just made rachel an account aren't i great 
just made scones...yet again! 
just made som situpps 
Just made some crackers with philli cheese and they're lush  have a Gavin and Stacey DVD to watch now
Just made some good ass food! 
just made some kick ass enchiladas 
Just made some new friends in Miami at laughing buddah... Now hanging out with them n topher  http://twitpic.com/6v7qc
Just made some yummy red jelly 
just made stirfry for my foodtech homework and its actually really good ahha 
Just made stir-fry. Tasted good. 
just made the 302nd updates. and now the 303th 
just made the money in a $75 439 person tourny  - wait, shouldnt i be writing a paper?
Just made the sickest beat on garageband 
just made the yummiest vanilla milkshake. I love hot weather 
just made this and is now going to figure out how it works haha 
Just made up this chocolate pie for tonight. Super easy! Can't wait to taste!   http://tr.im/lyGY
Just made Whipped Lemon Chiffon w/berries. Tomorrow: Grilled Vegetable Frittata, Roasted Red Potatoes and Rosemary Madalines 
just madeee my twitter with my bitch amyyyy  businesss sucks bahah.
Just marked my weight for jenny.. 134  thanks jenny... Finally..
Just Married 
just mastered an amazing cover up for my wings. extending the table legs, adding a little alice, and her river of tears, 
just me 
Just me and my 2 sons hanging out today 
Just me and the pup tonight. The spare wheels gone to Badelaide  but it's a lazy dinner of tomato soup + bread.
Just me. 
just melted choccie  listening to crude vce literature 
Just melted outside, what a lovely day 
Just met @randallsan at Myst. Showing me love in AZ all the way from Cali! That's impressive! Nice to meet him after tweeting for weeks 
just met a minister who showed up for an appointment 2 days early. We made her wait 
Just met another major writing goal! Can't say what it is yet, though. Sorry to be so vague but yes, very exciting development on my end! 
Just met Nick Swisher!!! 
just met Sarah Kelly... wow... she is an amazing woman of God!  and she gave me a free t-shirt!  gotta love free merch 
just met someone really fun 
Just met the getaway plan gonna go get maccas and sleep  all time low on monday
Just met up with @Coupa_Sam  impressed with their solution, the ui is really attractive. Wouldn't mind implementing in my own business 
Just met w Joe and had pics for website  he was really sweet! His fav children's book is Curious George 
just might be crazy....we'll just have to find out 
Just missed his babies so much today 
Just missed my 401 st tweet at 4:01pm! - close enough 
just more corn.... but also cute bunny rabbits! 
just my luck in area fiance free off to lunch  wahuuuwee more time w my best friend
just need a little drop of tears... I already decided the next target. 
just need one more follower 
Just need to get through the next three days and then I'm up, up and away 
Just need you to know- Jesse McCartney 
just new hear ..   hehe .. 
just new to this guys, bare wit me lol 
Just not feeling the cleaning today . . . would much rather lay and here and watch the NFL Network all day long 
Just noticed its the first of the month, you know what that means.  what it beeee?
just noticed Journey to the End of the Night starts the night of your birthday 
Just noticed Made by Elephant designed the @atebits site. Great job @maxvoltar! Big fan of your site too 
Just noticed something new in Serenity! And I thought that couldn't happen anymore 
Just noticed that a beautiful woman is now following him... Hello Melissa 
Just noticed that my picture is only appearing in the background. Sorry Tweets...but I am happy that you are able to see me somehow 
Just noticed the &quot;TweetShrink&quot; button on TweetDeck.  #tweetshrink
just noticed. i have a full sched over the weekend.  cant wait!
Just now going to bed.. Work at 930, funnnn. I finished carlos' gift though finally. 
Just now heading home. Good late night talks with janae. So glad she's home for summer! 
Just now logging on to see all of the love from #FF... guess I was a few minutes too late to post mine huh?!? Sorry 
Just observed the update look of #Alexa website, http://tinyurl.com/c48gzf , looks great, seems Alexa is improving 
Just obtained the 1.5 update for my phone(cupcake).. tis quite nice 
just off to Knockhill - got a voucher code and kids go free so it's only ï¿½7  Jap Drift cars and plenty nice metal will be there 
just off to pub for bit of a cheeky drink and some grub 
Just on my knee but havjng no clue of how it happenned is kinda funny! Cool pic btw 
Just on the video set of wait for the sunn 
just on way back to london. bye newcastle see you again soon . 3 hours on train sun shining   might have a small sleep.
Just one a swagbuck. That's two for today. Yea!!!   #swagbucks www.swagbucks.com/refer/shu
Just one a swagbuck. Yea!!!  #swagbucks www.swagbucks.com/refer/shu
Just one day 'till my spring break! 
just one day... and cruise is over... and more twitter is coming again 
just one exam left 
just one hour left to the awards  ... watchin' the red carpet right now! @ashleytisdale u look amazing 
just one of those nights where im aching for my baby. amber spyglass then bed. 
just opened her twitter account  yay for me
Just opened my account .. 
Just opened my eyes ahhhhh smell the money 
just opened photoshop, gonna make some Peter TÃ¤gtgren icons! 
just orderd my indian  now im gonna crack open the DR.Pepper ... and jam 
just ordered &quot;Atlas and the Oyster&quot; by A Love Like Pi  can't wait to receive it! love them &lt;3 ;)
Just ordered &quot;Screw the Roses, Send me the Thorns&quot; and &quot;SM 101&quot;  #sexnerd
Just ordered a 320 drive to upgrade my apple tv 
just ordered a Bride's stunning invitations!  Letterpress makes me giddy 
just ordered a bunch of cute stuff for me and DD at the Disney Store online...free personalization and 25%/30% discounts on outlet items 
Just ordered a fully legit copy of Office 2008 for Mac from Microsoft through a work deal for the princely sum of Â£12.83  - Result!
just ordered a heart handbag and a cath kidston purse from asos, cost Â£10 + p&amp;p. i'm excited. also hopefully working a bit in july 
Just ordered a microsd card online using opera mobile  tech rules
Just ordered a new 1TB network disk. Can't wait to get all my files systemized:  http://bit.ly/gFyRX 
just ordered a panasonic LX3 (black) ... whoohaaa 
Just ordered a proof of my NaNo novel - and the code still worked, so it was FREE! YAY. 
Just ordered another batch of books from Amazon. Why not when exch rate is back around 80c. Also wider range of titles than local stores 
just ordered Anti-flagÂ´s Death Of A Nation DVD. Gonna watch that the whole summer if anything else doesnÂ´t come up 
Just ordered flooring for my new RoxyFit studio from http://www.zebramats.com - the best mats for Muay Thai and MMA 
Just ordered mac software on http://www.mupromo.com/ 
Just ordered my ATL/GK thing! 
just ordered my guitar, cant wait 
just ordered my own peice of foot art to help me be more, hmm, animated? http://www.zappos.com/product/7521522/color/189899  
Just ordered robslegtenhorst.com, thanks @donotfold 
just ordered seeds - pink cherry tomatoes, Sudduth's brandywine, moon/stars melons, assorted peppers for 2nd growing season 
Just ordered some laptop backpacks that look like bullet-proof vests  http://bit.ly/sSWXT
just ordered some take out and is going to enjoy doing nothing alll night 
just ordered some things of asos that i meant to do yesterday and forgot  horsey tee &amp; earrings. saved some money for holiday/ldn as well.
Just ordered super sweet geeksdreamgirl.com t-shirts to wear at Origins &amp; GenCon!  
just ordered the new TV... it has only taken several weeks to find the right one at the right price. 
just ordered: the new jamie t EP, noah &amp; the whale's album. probably gonna pre-order bbc's album soon too. you gotta treat yourself 
Just organising Australia after stressing myself out - found visa approval letter and booking confirmation 
Just out of bed on my day off. Caps play tonight....should be able to whip ATL again with no problems.  
Just out of the shower! And now, @IndieKidEll is coming over.. yayayayay right? 
just over 20 mins for the race 
Just over 73 hours till the new iPhone 
Just over an hour til the Turkish GP. Will Button do it again? Fingers crossed for some great overtaking action 
just overheard that lady gaga is making the british women go out with just their underwear on 
just owned coolum 3-0 and scored my first for the season 
just paid my deposit/1st months rent and picked up my keys! Yay for more bills to pay! 
Just paid my dues for the year, still a Libertarian Party member 
Just Paid My Phone Bill..&amp; Bout To Pay On The Monthly Tuition Fund. Feeling A Little Better Knowing I Have Those Out The Way  Whats Good?
Just paid my ticket off..yay..no more warrent 
just painted my nails and now looking at makeup i wanna buy  hahaha
Just painted my nails and watched family guy with dad... going to sleep,  I'm tired  
Just painted my nails in peppermint patti!! off to bed now goodnight twitter people   http://twitpic.com/3kxb6
just painted my nails purple! 
Just painted the rims on my car he he he 
Just passed 600 tweets 
Just passed a saab older than hers on the thruway. Vt plates 
Just passed a sports car with a huge sticker that said made in dade 305 hehehe gotta love spanish people 
just passed drivers ed ! 
just passed eaton plumbing 
Just passed that test... prob with flyin colors  that's how i roll
just passed the &quot;no restriction&quot; motorcycle riding test. Thanks Stephen for trusting me with your 1400cc.  That thing is heavy!
Just passed the turn for Rockingham. This is the first time I have known where I am since Sheffield. 
just payed a visit to the West Edmonton Apple store  nice to see Robyn again!
Just peachy.... 
Just performed So Far Away From Me at Cleveland High School talent show w/ my darling wife.  Rocked my first performance in Seattle ever.
just pick ok-mag-thai coz rob pattinson cover,handsome ed cullen 
Just picked up a 40pc rotary tool for $30 -- bargain 
Just picked up my son from his first day at daycare.  He's sleeping.  
just picked up some @crazylabel goodies, thanks CL 
Just picked up some canvas. suuuper excited. 
just picked up some drank, time to blend 
Just picked up some gear oil, and grease at the 24hr parts store 
Just placed my order!!! Oh wow.... never placed such  huge order before!!! So excited 
just planted sunflowers 
Just played &quot;russian roulette&quot; with a water balloon. I won. My wee brother lost  haha
just played 500 i won 625 ) YAY ME 
Just played Acey Dos with Step kick her butt LOL - not happy but I am 
just played baseball.  feeling 8 years old again 
just played basketball for 3 hours. Now i'm going to islands. 
Just played checkers with my bf.... lost but thats ok. 
Just played darts in the garage with Dadcu! Haven't done it for years....I've still got it 
Just played Fuzzball, now searching for Bing  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
Just played Fuzzball, now searching for Hamthrax  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
Just played Punch Out to Wii, cool game  Not as easy as the one to NES though. But really fun
just played rock band, now getting getting ready to go to the lake with the girlsssssssss 
just played rockband with possibly the funniest kid ever! 
just played some football, i scored a few so im happy, now gunna watch some one tree hill 
Just played Tetris.. it's 25 years old today and I remember playing it when I was very little. I still like it 
just played with fire.... and now we are baking a cake...  oh and i also almost put my friend on fire... and sprayed her with backersjoy
just played xbox, hungry now I dunno what to eat hmm lolz, watching borat ahah 
just playing on the wii with my uncle, we are playing golf and we was just playing bowling i beat him at both of them games ha! ha! ha! 
Just playing the piano. I will be recording new videos tomorrow 
just plucking away some chords on the ol guitar while enjoying some adult swim and a nice drink from the flask 
just pooped. 
Just popping in while I am online - not staying! Finished checking e-mails and responding as needed. The sun is still shining brightly! 
just popping my head in here to say hallo to you lovelies - am cooking dinner and stuff - but love reading your tweets in between 
Just posted 
Just posted a little teaser image on the blog from Jodie &amp; Seth's wedding   http://mattdorroh.blogspot.com
just posted a new blog @ www.awakendesigncompany.com/blog - check it out for news about a big wedding coming up  -- and sales!! GO GO GO!
Just posted a new vid on youtube  go check it out. youtube.com/heatherbiondio
Just posted a TON of images on the blog!  http://www.joshlynn.com/word  Just remember.. Snails are cool..  
Just posted first outsourcing content writing job on elance - hope somebody can meet my requirements at the right price 
Just posted my photo of the day at http://365frames.com - Got a couple #kauaitrip pics up! Check it out, leave a comment! 
just posted new task in 31DBBB - its a 'problem solving' exercise 
Just preordered JBs new cd! I can't wait for June 16th 
just preordered NOTHING PERSONAL ! plus the  @  alltimelow your new album sucks t  cannnnt wait.!
just pre-ordered sims 3  6th of june it comes, better be good.
Just prepare for AGES with too many tweets 
just proved the shower does in fact work.  awaiting shopping fairy and people to entertain me 
Just pulled an all-nighter with Girlfriend via MSN on webcam. It's a lot of fun 
just pulled the shrimp off the bbq and takin that first sip of wine 
Just pulled up to sushi dan with @miimiisweet let the bday celebration begin! Or..continue..yeh 
just purchased @animalupstairs artwork again  addiction unfolding? oh but its so good.
Just purchased a TextMate license. Well worth it. 
Just purchased 'Educate' app for the iPhone... report coming soon 
just purchased my blink 182 tickets! ahhhhh!  i'm sooo excited!
Just purchased my FIRST song from iTunes. #StaringDown by @collective_soul GO DOWNLOAD IT MY FELLOW TWEEPS!! 
just purchased my fys / syg ticket for charlotte. getting my columbia ticket as soon as i get my paycheck today 
Just purchased my Macbook (and I get a free personalized iTouch with it too!) ...sweet 
Just purchased my plane tix to the UK... unemployment isn't so bad after all 
Just purchased the lady gaga cd    
just purchased tix to LA for mem day weekend! 19 days and counting   Now I'm really going to get to work!
Just put @jojo1987's hair in rollers, I hope it turns out alright 
Just put a pork loin into marinade for 1/2 hr, then sear well before roasting. May not be supper tonight-- haven't decided. O, what fun! 
just put all the new patrick wolf songs on my ipod  x
Just put an alarmingly large deposit down for a new fireplace -- the current one looks as if it SHOULD go into a fire! 
Just put an LiT wallpaper on my PSP 
Just put chalk polka-dots all over the dog. 
Just put in a pre-order for BSG Season 4! 
Just put mijo to sleep. Feels so good to do that. Reminds me of when he was only days/ months old. I rubbed his little face. Love ya &quot;A&quot; 
Just put my little step daughter to bed for the night 
Just put my own clothes in the WASHER 
Just put my wedding dress on &amp; strolled around the house. First time in almost 2 years. Still beautiful 
Just put on trackies and some extremely long songs  I love winter
just put the baby down for a nap. FINALLY he fell asleep  now playing dress up with the four year old...
Just put the beef short ribs in the marinade, but I have nobody to eat them with tonight. Who wants short ribs? 
Just put the finishing touches on my Taco Salad Dip. Another masterpiece ... I know what I'll be having for breakfast 
just put the kids to bed and getting ready for another day 
just put the teletubbies on for james (my 2 year old nephew) haha i love them 
Just put up the water slide for my daughter and she is having a great time kind of wanna join her 
just pwnd mah dad @ pool. 
Just ran a mile... Feelin good. 
just ran for the the first time in a long time. with a followup work out on the wii fit. now where's my celebratory chipotle ? 
Just ran my third 10k in 7 days and set a personal record 
just ran through the rain 
just rang home  the specials are on the stereo in hmv and i'm looking for 'withnail and i'.. had a lovely night
just reach home  so tired &gt;&lt; gona start planning for next week event  
Just reached home. Nanolove survived 4 days by herself. 
Just read 135 pages of my book  time to get dressed and have breakfast I think 
Just read 25 things to do on a elevator (again) :L:L hillarious!!  Im gonna do the last one about socks! 
just read a book by Paolo Coehlo.. it's beautiful! well, every Coehlo book is amazing 
Just read a couple of pages from Twilight&lt;3 It's getting interesting 
Just read a CV which has DevExpress listed under Computer skills.... and no, it wasn't @garyshort 's 
just read a funny fanfic about twitter! 
Just read a new chapter of a fanfic that I adore very much, now I feel giddy with happiness! 
just read a really sweet but kinda creepy message.....apparantly Unique are loved and &quot;the best ever&quot; lmao aww bless  lol &lt;3
Just read a statement that Jimmy Choo is a household name...wish it was a household item 
Just read an awesome tutorial from @jcroft about IE 6 and png transparency. Thank you sir 
Just read Beyonce's article in Marie Claire....She would rather be in bed with Jay 
just read latest issue of girlfriend mag  an issue tots dedicated to lilly allen...wat do u think?????
just read my previous post.  obviously i do not have a degree in grammar. 
Just read the press released for L4D2... WOW. The new AI director sounds epic 
Just read there was a major online protest (200.000) to get these guys on the old Dutch half past 6 time.  http://twitpic.com/3n9j9
just read this weeks PostSecrets 
Just read through a hell of a lot of Tweets about E3 Stuff. GREAT JOB #Microsoft Now installing iTunes 8.2 
Just reading @AlanCarr 's biography  Love it Alan,Love you xxx
Just reading about opportunities to walk with a llama - and feel calmer  http://www.getactivewithanimals.com/walkwithllamas.html
Just reading some kind #maternalhealth and #followfriday messages  THANK YOU!!
Just reading up on the tweets between periods.  Go Red Wings! 
Just realised I haven't Tweeted for four days. Hello 
just realised that demi lovato sings a song in spanish.. she is my fav singer now 
Just realized aly and david got married exactly one year from the day we all graduated. 
Just realized have been comparing the Indian (40 degree) and UK (20 degree) summer the past few days --  10th person today 
Just realized he could technically say he writes all the content for the gruen transfer 
just realized how busy june is..rehearsal,recital,camp at school,florida..then july is just iowa  yay. a half a day left and im freeeee
just realized how to make two separate blog rolls, I do not take this for granted.....I love learning more about wordpress! 
just realized i can bike from my house to this awesome chinese food place and go on hardly any highway  love was the rents teach me
Just realized I didn't tweet at all last night from the party. @organ_printer says that's the sign of a good party. 
Just realized I find it very fulfilling to use exactly 140 chars when posting to twitter 
Just realized I had a pay increase this month  it's only a extra tenner but I won't fritter it away on fast cars and the like.. #badger
Just realized I haven't tweeted all weekend....have some catching up to do 
