got a letter from Kyle today!!!! 
got a 'lil tan from sun yday, getting ready soon going out with Bianca .. maybe JoBro Movie? then tonight BGT, arghh whata day! 
gm! me with @doox  now @ http://podilates.gr/pp2_10_5_08
GM! Mi twittzlez  TGIF ;&gt;)Those that wait dont get it, but those that get it, dnt let it go. Take time &amp; find meaning. Blss ya'll V-ERSE
Gm! things are looking up for Nude Bar. We are on our way to providing women with the best Nude underwear experience 
GMAO! @KathrynHallPR @ButtercupD Only one way to settle this!  hehehe
g'mornin my twitz! hope evry1's day is enjoyable. &quot;carpe diem&quot;~&quot;seize the day&quot; 
g'mornin' Twitter people 
G-Mornin!! Its Follow Friday!!! LETS GET YRF (@yrfsquad @Twoodizyrf @BlakPizYRF) 1000 Followers!!  Myspace.com/YRFsquad RETWEET! WE LUV U!
g'morning . i'm tired. let's text. 
G'morning @askmo24 @missjo_ladie @cherlyn0217 @YahyaHenry - heading into the classroom to start my prep with coffee in hand... 
Gmorning ~ just back from walking with Dief  now I can start the day ^^
G'morning all who bothers to come and take a look at my page. How'r y'all doin? 
G'morning all. An unprecedented 3rd sunny day in a row here in Wales 
G'morning and Happy Hump Day!! The week seems to be FLYING by!! 
gmorning sunshine... saw the first episode of season 2 of #GreenWing last night! superb!!! 
Gmorning sunshineeeee 
Gmorning tweets! Only hada coupLe hours of sLeep ..&amp; I Love it!!! 
G'morning Twitter famly!! bout to start my day &amp; get my gear for my show tonite in Hollywood. Hope yall can make it! Thanks for coming 
Gmorning twitters 
G'morning!  Are you ready for another awesome week? I am! Coffee this morning: Creme Brulee --yum!  
g'morning! happy #biketowork day  off to my station: http://marinbike.org/Events/BTWD/2009/EnergizerStns.shtml
G'Morning! Sipping coffee. Dreaming of making it to the gym in a few minutes but feeling seriously lazy. 
Exam time! Wish me luck 
Exam today :s wish me luck.  Can't wait for the party tomorrow though. &quot;Bearded Host awards&quot; nominee right here  xxxxxx
Exam was ok i guess  . . By gosh! waiting to get my ipod, should hav seen the growl i got &gt;:l twattt!
Exam went well, who knew i could do chemistry  Henry Homesweet! is a genius!!! xD
exam! wish me luck 
exams are annoying.I hate revising...german is disgusting! english/drama was good, music should also be fine. Im off to make tea  x
exams are going to end sooon 
Exams are over and now its party time its been since the 3rd June 
exams are over for the day  i'll be sleeping and working on bilogy the rest of the day!
Exams are over!  now i have the do the turner bell competition, wish me luck 
EXAMS ARE OVER!!!!!!!! CAN'T WAIT TILL TONIGHT 
Exams are overrr  yayaay and LVATT arrived  just about to listen to it 
Exams are overrrrr!!!!!  no more college, bring on the sun
exams done, and enjoyed seeing her lovely Doe and Rob in The Sage, after bumping into them when having cake times 
G'Morning! Went to bed in a good Mood  ! I think I've met my Match..
G'Morning, or is it? Hmmm, Yea it is, even with the rain we are having. Though it would of been a better morning staying home in bed 
G'Morning, Twitterati! A quickie this morning, as we get ready to head out to the opener of Lucy's softball season. 
G'morning. On my way 2 church, once again my God has proven himself worthy of all my praise. Have a blessed day. 
GMTV: Lovely Luke Thanks for Uploading , Nice Video  (Latest post by jaggyroad) http://rly.cc/xmtak
GN!...I'm Just NOW going to sleep! After something to eat that is! Worked up a hunger!  I am exhausted! Go 2 sleep, get up do it again! 
gna watch some shows  i dno where my sister saved house bunny.
gna write some lyrics or a guitar riff for the band 
gng to macdonald  wif sis =D
Gngb Twitters  nighty night see ya tomorrow love ya ppl!   god bless you
G'night   I am leaving. miss you twitter!
Gnight  xoxo
g'night &amp; sweet dreams tweeps! Be a blessing to someone tomorrow!  G'night!
G'night @AdriannaNicole &amp; @SinnamonLove! and all the rest of my worldwide tweeps that live in weird time zones that aren't same as mine!! 
G-Night all. More mood music coming to 1.5 this week 
G'night everybody. You've been great. Ladies &amp; Gents, Elvish has left the building... sorry, force of  Hobbit. Call me if you need me! 
G'Night everyone.  If you're a @jonasbrothers fan, go to youtube.com/SOSat705 in a few hours to watch the blog @emilyfinkk &amp; I made.  
G'night friends. I've messed up my vocal cords or something. Stomach acid + throat = hard time talking and preaching. Pray if possible 
gnight go to sleep after a long 'n tired day 
Gnight my lovely twitterers! i missed u! talk to u tomorrow 
G'night tweeps. Little league day with the little skunk and the Giants tomorrow at At&amp;T Park 
gnight tweeterians 
g'night tweeterss! have sweet dreams &lt;3  -  im off 
G'night tweeting stars 
G'night tweets. Back to maker faire tomorrow. See y'all there! In the mean time, be good humans. 
Gnight twitter.. coffee has almost worn off time to get some rest 
gnight twitters 
gnight twitters, sorry i have not been on here as much, but i will soon be back 
Gnight TwitterVille, It's time to go to bed (listening to @nick_carter Heart without a home). Have sweet dreams... See you tomorrow 
Gnight world. And happy birthday teresa 
gnight yall 
got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital imaging project. looking good. 
got a long board  so thrilled, it's amazing !
Got a lot of goodies.. a bag, a mug, a water bottle 
got a lot on my mind.....BUT LA IN ONE DAY IS MAKING IT ALLLL BETTTER! 
got a membership at Aspen Health Center! yay yoga classes! 
Got a mid 90s Specialized Epic Carbon fiber bike with Shimano 105 component group 
Got a morning gift. ..  the g1 cupcake 
Got a new bberry case 
Got a new bookcase for my comics. The old one was full. This one is bigger which allows me to collect more &amp; it's black so way cooler 
Got a new car  2009 hyundai sonata. Please note the increase in baller status.
got a new contract for 4 month so vegas money in save haven 
got a new cousin, congrats uncle Indra 
got a new Dell  IntelÂ® PentiumÂ® Dual-Core-Processor T4200, and 4GB RAM. Happy  apart from preinstalled Vista.
got a new digital camera  ive been taking photgraphy photos ;p wanna see? www.flickr.com/melissagphotography
GOT A NEW DRESS AND PINK NAILS. 
Got a new firefox skin!  It's so pretty! But I can't see my tabs ._. And and just one more exam left! I don't feel like studying tonight..
got a new fridge, and what can I tell you- it's pretty amazing when you freezer is actually freeazing!!! 
Got a new home for my blog. http://mannylive.net check it out 
Got a new internet browser I refuse to work with IE7 it's terrible, I like Opera  anything not made by Bill gates is fine with me!
Gnight!!  Adisson for sale tomorrow!!  Myspace.com/adissonapparel   
G'Night. Forced  to watch Fake Wrestling with Fake Cena and Fake BigShow. PLEASE, somebody save ME!!! 
GNIGHT. me need sleep, but i might be up in bed reading my new book. 
GnigthH  xOxO hopE u haVE a greaT nigtH lovE u All!
G'nite enamoredsoul. Sweet dreams about me  LOL
G'nite peeps and prospective employees. Sleep well! 
gnite to my fave lil twittersis @androidtomato and to RANGER RANGER RANGER @hammer32  mwah to you both. SMUT U very MUCH u2!
Gnite tweet headz 
Gnite tweets!!  luvin my life 
Gnite Tworld @xxninchenxx excited to see you tomorrow  19 days left til the Kaaaty show in Cologne. Yay!
Gnite y'all!!  sleep tight, dont let the bed bugs bite!! &lt;3333 ya
G'nite! Wish me luck that I'll get some sleeeeeeep 
Gnite. Its kinda late..11:30 pm, gotta study for my final tomorrow 
G'nite. This time for real ;) only if we all could be so lucky to have a lil sunshine to make us smile. Hint - hint  later.
G'nt twits + twerps  chk out www.zazzle.com/gregorylittley
GNT: 0, GTO: 1. 
Go 2 da appstore &amp; download 'toobs', it's pretty epiicc entertainment. 4 da 1st 5 minutes 
go and get my hair and nails done 
Go and visit www.myspace.com/daproyect and leave a comment or add us! Please? 
Go and Vote for the Jonas Brothers 9 times  http://www.teenchoiceawards.com/webdev/index.php
Go back from watching The Phantom of the Opera on Broadway!  What an Amazing Show!  
go bed, twitter addicts. love u all 
GO BILLY SLATER YOU LITTLE BEWTY, GO QUEENSLAND 
Go Bing Yourself, Right Now http://tutz.me/inthil Awesome 
Go brawn! go brawn..  Button and Barrichello for the win..
Go buy the new Jonas Brothers album Lines, Vines and Trying Times NOW its really really good great in fact so GO BUY IT 
Exams done...Summers here 
EXAMS DUN &amp; DUSTED CHEMISTRY TOTAL FLOP! BUT FOUND OWT WORKIN @ THE MILL NEXT MONDAY  HIT ME UP FOR LUNCH IF U IN CARNABY STREET NXT WEEK!
exams fever may begin! 
Exams have officially buggered off. Result! 
Exams r over! 
Exams went good today!  Now I've got to revise for English Lit tomorrow.
exams went okaay &amp; bad at same timee :L had awsum time fridaay &amp; yesturdaay  bbq inside lata cos rain :L  watching 106&amp;park &amp; pizza (Y)
Exams weren't too bad. 
exams, exams and more exams. in two weeks: freedom 
exams. thennn some sexy time. 
exceedingly rare innovative move from California: http://bit.ly/FMBGi  -- fingers-crossed 
Excellent day at  ACS Relay for Life  They raised $78,000! Had a great time with friends and family and am looking fwd to next year!
Excellent dinner at Kokkari with Bruce and @leonardsender 
got a new perfume yesterday. been smelling myself all morning 
Got a new pet, been without one for 15+ years.  It's a rabbit and her breed is &quot;Sable&quot;.  Hope she likes her new home. 
got a new phone new purse new clothes 
got a new phone yaayy!!! 
got a new phone yesterday! i luv it. using it rite now 2 tweet! 
got a new phone! Whooooo! 
got a new place! 
Got a new purse. . . YAY  
Got a new sign up from my old stompin grounds at FSU! Welcome aboard 
Got a new snare head! \m/ Then new headphones ) FUN DAY 
got a new sound system, yet to test it out! Thank God for his blessings and generosity! 
Got a nice email from someone who read my poems at Eclectica.  I should also send emails to other poets when I like their work.
Got a number at the bar! 
Got a package in the mail! Nine West Heech 
got a page and half of you belong with me  im gonna make it a long episode 
got a picture to workk, time to sleep a bit, big day ahead 
Got a real easy weekend. cheers 
got a real hug from David in celebration of graduation. 
got a reply from Laura Whitcomb 
got a rocking chair this weekend at the garage sales. Nursery is starting to shape up! 5 weeks left. 
Got a Saturdays framed signed foto last night  and a Valentino rossi 1 aswell  eee what a night 
Got a second PS2 to softmod. 
Got a SHAM WOW!!! 
excellent movie: The Man from Earth  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0756683/
excellent session at the dojo last night. I'm still recovering... 
Excellent start to the day today. Great weather and more work to do! First, tea time! 
Excellent time Go-Karting my friends, must do it again some time! Even if I did get a god-awful result.. never mind! 
Excellent weekend- live blogging the IPL games @algoafmIPL....whilst drinking beer and snacking.....that's the life 
excellent weekend thus far...loving showing these ladies what makes Austin so fabulous 
Excellent! Marine layer's burning off, sun's shining...a great day for a long hike. 
Excellent, excellent movie!  Star Trek, that is. 
Except few groups of course 
except for the A5 ride  that is!
Except for the ones I dated of courde. 
except for the whole part about bottom line goals being met. oops. 
Exchusze my French, I NEVER watched Basketball till there wasz Derrick and I actaully understand whatsz going on, so I'm piszed.. HaHa 
EXCITEBOTS! It works 
excited 2 listen 2 Msoft press conference in a few! Fun to be working on a game while listening to news about gaming in the background 
excited about BG/Oregon this weekend 
excited about CWPM tomorrow.. only one member is going but still , its a good start 
excited about denise richards and kendra tonight 
Excited about getting some Jimmy Johns at work tonight..yummo! 
Excited about having an empty apartment to ourselves for a little while 
excited about how fucking wasted im gunna get tomorrow night   (yeah... weekend alcoholic)
excited about my birthday weekend in the 305! 
excited about my trip 2 argentina! flight is booked!!!! 
excited about my two special visitors tomorrow  
Excited about Oak Mountain tomorrow! Wil's getting baptized. Even though I hate him, Im happy for him 
Excited about picking up wedding invitations in the morning! 
Excited about preaching on the true role of Mary the mother of Jesus in the state of MARYland 
Excited about seeing World Press Photo exhibition when it comes to the United Nations this July! 
Go carting continues. It's like Fast &amp; the Furious. Except w/out tricked-out cars, nitrous, special FX &amp; cool music. Otherwise the same. 
Go Cavs! No matter what, I'M *TEAM LEBRON* since even before June 26, 2003!GO, MVP ? As long as he gets more than 8 points, I'll be happy 
go check my new fanfic  http://bit.ly/Gfmbe
GO CUBS GO!!! Watchin my cubbies, church, book burning extravaganza 
Go doctors! You can figure out why this baby has a weird heart rate! You can do it! 
Go Eagles! don't drop the ball! 
Go eat, Fucking Hungry 
Go Federer!!! He just won the french open 
go get some lunch babe  love and miss you 
Go Green People 
Go green.  Eat bacon.   Interesting article on global warming: http://bit.ly/QhZ0i
Go here and chat with me  http://bit.ly/JpLJQ
Go home and have a nice drink.  it would be better if it were zack and hodgins though.....
go home now,, bye all,, have a nice day 
go hoos!!!  loving this baseball team 
go husband! you pitch the ball! 
Go Jeff Gordon!!!! Get up there and get them 
go justine beat the celeb chef tonight 
Go knows and plans everything well 
Go Lakers! I won't be at the game to support but I think they can do it without me this time! 
Go magic!!! I just want the series to go to 7 
Go Magic!!! Lakers Magic seems like a good series 
Go morning Colorado... Time to get ready for last meetings of #AIMHO Summer Meeting. 
go now away to eat Italian 
Go on http://woody-lo.skyrock.com/3.html, last entry. Yeah, we are mad, and we assume 
Go on Jenson, show 'em how its done! Lewis who?! 
go on the sunshine! improving the national mood with a few days of sun and heat! Galway was mad over the weekend 
go out with my freinds 
GO PENGUINS!!! BOOO RED WINGS! 
Go pens tonight please.  I want Alex to get to see the last penguins game at least. 
Go phx merc!  get @ me if ya here too!
go queensland  evermore are playing. its briliant.
go red wings! woop woop! michigan is counting on you!...no pressure 
go riding again  yayy the sun shines &lt;3
GOT A SOUND CHECK! IT WAS AMAZING! AND MCFLY IS HERE! 
Got a spontaneous visit from @jendcox today... with ripe red strawberries!!  What a cool friend 
Got a sunburn from Coney Island bike ride 
got a surprise for those who have been askin for videos from the 90s to early 2000  track lists will be posted soon
Got a sweet new camera 
got a sweet punch 
Got a Tassimo  Can't wait to try it out.
got a tattoo today. the first one. i was so nervous! but it was nothing. 
Got a Tivo HD to replace my bricked Series 2.  The bright spots from this whole ordeal were Discovery HD and Cavs Game 5 in HD. 
Got a Twitter-Accout!  Are there other Fb-users who are &quot;tweeting&quot; already ?
Got a txt from my brother saying he's taken a photo of my ideal reg plate. What could it be? Probably looser. He's nice like that 
Got a very busy day today 
Got a view of the city and beer to spare... This is alright... 
Got a Wii Fit this weekend, going to have a workout tonight, heh 
got accepted for my next year of college today  going to get tanned/burnt now lol
Got Advent Children Complete in the mail. 
go saints. here's a tip for us, get rid of raph clarke, james gwilt, jason blake and andrew mcqualter. then we would be great 
go see UP. do it now.    
go sign up for it at TDbank online, they pick 1 winner a day.. $1 for every friend you have on facebook 
Go the blues....especially McManus and  Captain Gidley 
Go to Atlixco =/ I hope send tweet later... C'ya twitterband 
Go to bed   catch her wings, now she dreams... She could fly , even she's not the kind, who believe in life. Anyway...GOODNIGHT
go to deezer.com the clash-the call up 
Go to myspace &amp; search Alyssa Noelle &amp; Go to her page &amp; listen to her..She sounds like an angel  Oh yeah while your there send a friend..
Go to see Nannnnners! Blake and Amelia's Open House later 
Go to se-ed find some book 
GO TO SYDNEY AND JESSICA'S CHAT! http://www.justin.tv/sydddneyy 
Go to the kino with my class  and listen in MP3 Arash &amp; Aysel - Always this song is so amzing *---------*
Go to the movie and see Angel &amp; Demons will be cool, isn't it? 
go to tomorrow school  I have dissertation in history about &quot; the colonia&quot;
Go to www.myspace.com/tokyotowerfm if you want to find out how to subscribe to our show 
Go to www.thephotostudio.com, click on vote for the face of fashion weekend, register and vote for me (246) !!! pleasee 
GO Twilight 
Go Vettel! F1 Qualifying is so exciting.  Finally got to watch it a bit ago. May head to bed early. Awfully tired today.
go watch &quot;paparazzi&quot; by lady gaga...it's a bit long...but...it's good.  
GO WINGS 
Go Wings!!!!   5-0!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
goal accomplished! 
Got all his IT coursework done 
got all my puppy stuff today!! Now ready to get my baby on wednesday!! I canNOT wait 
got all time low album ! 
got alot of runnin around to do today to get this job app completed so they can have it on file... so glad i got this job!! 
got an 80% in Corporate Finance ... My 1st 1st 
got an A on my 3D moddeling exam 
Got an account 
Got an amazing stamp collection when I received a beautiful package from @ccseed with The Gift inside! Can't wait to dive into this book 
got an awesome compliment today... &quot;did you invent cupcakes? cause you should have!&quot; 
Got an e-mail from US Cellular this morning - print it &amp; take to a US Cellular store, get 500 free minutes w/ carry-over m2m.  VERY NICE! 
Got an email.... from the people that left me the most important VM in my life!  
got an interview at the record store 
got an interview in an English Kindergarten on wednesday 
Got an iphone 
got an offer I can't refuse  this is gonna rock
got an telugu web designing project.... searching  for fonts... pls let me know , if u have any stylish telugu fonts..... 
got another comment from alex 
got another daquerie  yum!
Got another J.O.B! Wish I was doing plays and movies, but volunteering isn't so bad.. 
got another TV recording scheduled for june 22  i can't wait to perform!~
got appreciation from the filmmaker himself  http://bit.ly/3gHj5S
got approx 2 hours sleep last night but @fat_cyclist took babies down for breakfast &amp; i got another hour yay  i
got back from 2 hour shopping trip.  ahh, bought some really cute outfits! whoop woo! 
got back from a friends house ate fish and shrimp! very yumm-o! 
Got back from an extremely terrible morning. Afternoon should make it better. 
Got back from another crazy Saturday night, and this time, there was no ankle twisting 
got back from awesome weekend in raleigh  bout to go to bed and then...i have to clean tomorrow. need to pee...
got back from buying bus tickets for my trip to montreal for the No Doubt concert ....cant waiiiiit... 
got back from cyprus yesterday, was fairly decent  very hot, nice beach, nice ass, nice pubs, nice pool tables, horrible players.
got back from dance competion check it out  -www.elementsdancecompany.piczo.com we did amazingly well 
Got back from dinner - went out cuz it's our anniversary, went to the Chinese buffet cuz we're broke.   200 more pages in Eclipse.
Got back from dinner and dessert out with the girls 
got back from FranFran's...he smashed bricks &amp; rocks...and talked to dead ppl...not joking! lol! Yeah, we're hardcore. 
Got back from my cousin`s house. 
got back from my jog whooooo im tired haha its a nice day outside though going 2 friendly shops mayb 
Got back from one of my mom's Rotary meetings. Going to have dinner and then chat with my boy. 
Got back from school, omg today i was so suicidal, hope i dont go to that again, yeah i've been in that place before, it was fun 
Goal of the day.. Make #311@311 the top trend of the day! Spread it. Celebrating the release of Uplifter 
Goal! Number three. Rossi is officially the shit! 3-1 italy's win 
Goals for Today- Process Images, get caught up on e-mail, photo session for a little one at the park, place print orders, callbacks. 
Goals reached = I donï¿½t smoke, I LIKE walking - got rid of my ï¿½badï¿½ laziness - now I relax ore get busy with 0 stress - I feel great! 
Goan sweet dish with sabudana and chane ka daal. Dunno what it is, but it tastes great. *second serving* 
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/19qfwe
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/9xyKk
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/LAvNX
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/LclRB
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/MTmY
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/mzHx3
GoAnimate.com - check out this funny movie  http://bit.ly/ZIJFU
God  i hope the show is on la time otherwise im screwed. Still with good company though. 
God a busy day....looks like Monday's are out for me from now on. 
God always have a plan for his lambs 
God bless @G4TV for their live #E3 coverage 
God Bless bank holiday mondays 
God bless her! n God bless you too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
God bless the Red Wings!  
God Bless You Pixar - Watch this and remember  - http://bit.ly/oL0GU
God blessed me with awesome family and friends. Thank you to everyone who came to Graduation. I love you all!  God is good all the time!
God blesses us in so many different ways! I am jacks undeserving soul 
Got back from the gym...had an awesome workout! Time for some tech 
got back from the spring concert. last band concert of the year :'[ going to the Band-quet tomorrow 
got back from visiting relatives...time to watch a movie 
got back from walking  now trying to fix myspace
Got back from work then went shoppin woop 
Got back from... thingummy. Work. Yer. 
got back home after long long awesome weekend  super great food, fabulous weather and light spirit  catchign up with my emails &amp; twitts
got bag pipes for my b-day so excited!!! 
got birthday cake  even tho my bday isnt till next week!
got black skinny jeans XD    now am watching twilightt 
got blonde foils yesterday  new background to show you how they look plus im in my kfc uniform =P
got bored and decided to glue an egg to my fence 
got bored lol going to bed 
Got bored of being ill and staying in. Went shopping in Reading. I feel much better now 
Got breakfast in bed this morning from the girlfriend 
got called into work woot more money for me 
Got called up for an encore. Yay me. 
GOT CAMERA BACK!!  universe must think i did something right ;)
Got carried away playing #taboo today. Gotta remind myself, its just a game 
Got clothes and shoes today...but I'm not materialistic! However, it was very necessary! 
got completely soaked head to toe by the rain....now time to relax before MORE karaoke tomorrow 
got concert tickets to mcfly's show!! im happiest girl     
Got cooking stuff- making bread  Not long left at school now! How Is everyone?  xxx
Got credit!!! And free texts woohoo!!!  have yourselves a nice day 
Got creeped out. Time to man up Henry. Night everyone. Frustration = gone! Staying positive  ++
got dad's birthday present, good price    i hop he doesn't read this - dad if you do, don't look!   revising... http://tinyurl.com/mbz55v
Got dinner in, bedsheets changed, laundry put away, litter &amp; trash done....makes me feel accomplished....now back to work.  
got distracted w/ photos and random childhood objects while cleaning my closet today  but was still productive! now off to get ready...
Got done cryin with Joey. Shes like my sis! I am going to miss her like crazy! We are having one more overnighter at the hotel 
got done skating. when i get home... i'm gonna take a nap so i can stay awake at the drive in tonight. 
Got Easter well-wishes by SMS in jQuery format. I know I have great friends! (that don't validate the existence of a DOM object  )
Got Eddie Izzard and full Black Book series!!  Shopping happiness...and ordered Willow... bounce bounce
got email from Debra Bain acknowledging receipt of Fax sent earlier this morning. I LOVE CANADA!!   Wonderful Commerce up here!!
Got everything set up for #XboxE3  just need to wait 1 hour and 20 minutes.
got family round, so will be slow 
got flip flops to match her clothes today  hehe mollie will get it
Got flowers from a very special person today 
Got four good jumps in today - not bad! Top speed for the day: 175mph 
got free patron tix to PBA later... I'll go even if I don't know the players anymore, basta malamig sa araneta. 
Got free tickets to the Braves game this Sat. Also I get to walk on the field with the players  You might see me if you watch it!
Got from Karachi to Jeddah, full day @ office, dinner w/friends, amazing conversation, drawn Light &amp; now off to bed. Fresh dreams tweeple 
God damn there's a lot a nice T &amp;A but their faces..star sightings so far r-.tom green, chrispin glover, &amp; 2 short 
God finished speaking with Abraham and left. http://tinyurl.com/cstc7v SING ALONG CHILDREN 
God forgive me I have sindned. I'm addicted to twitter. 
God gave me the opportunity to wake up out of my sleep today SOOOooo let me take advantage of it  Love You Tweeples! Have a beautiful day!
God gave us talents not just for ourselves but for the benefit of everyone  back from church 
GOD give me a easy teacher for keepin' us until final exams is over 
god grey britain and the best in town are good albums 
God has never failed me, but He has sure scared me to death a few times. 
God has really changed my outlook and the way i see things.    
God I &lt;3 Jim Carrey. Jennifer Anniston looks very Greek in Bruce Almighty - never noticed that before. But ooooh geez... Carrey... YUM 
excited about the next party next wednesday :O eeeeep 
Excited about the prospects of a new day!!!!!!!  I think it's going to be a good one...just has that good vibe going   
Excited about today and tomorrow. yayay 
Excited about today: it is Sunday Party Day... Starting in L:Het Arsenaal:, followed by L:Lola's: and finishing in L:Suzy Wong: 
excited about tomorrow morning 
excited about tomorrow night!! 
Excited about tomorrow.  Little league baseball in the morning followed by team parties w/trophies and my daughter's junior prom.  
Excited about tonighttttttt 
Excited abt anniversary tomorrow. Sixth!!! 
Excited because I haven't been to a local show in a while with @MEFV and @romeinflames ...can't wait to see @tokilltheking and FTTQ! 
Excited bout what the future holds...not really a BIGcity type chick but NYC here I come  whoooohoooo
excited by what i see.... if only my eyes were open 
Excited for 3PM. Hey, I watch sineseryes once in a while, too 
excited for banquet tomorrow! 
excited for bridal shower tomorrow...working on wedding stuff...13 days! 
excited for camping this weekend! It's been forever. Pretty sure it's going to be quite entertaining 
Excited for Car Show soon  Elliott Lake ;) !
excited for grandpa and aunt claire to come! 
Excited for holidayy 
Excited for J&amp;KP8 tonight...who's watching?? 
excited for june! this is going to be a great summer 
excited for lady gaga in the live lounge!  x
excited for Long Beach tomorrow 
Excited for many, many different reasons! Ahh, to be living life 
Excited for my coaching call with Julie today 
excited for my lunch with @kaitlinwithak today - from Eickhoff Dining Hall to Cafe 57, right? 
excited for my new bed to come tomora, my first bed in like a year  x
excited for my party tomorrow!!!! 
excited for my weekend off! so much planned for one small weekend 
Excited for NEW MOON!  Awesome trailer!
Excited for next weekend! A cousin that I haven't seen in 20 yrs will be here. I'm hoping to make a trek into NYC to see him on Friday!  
Excited for Rove tonight! Jennifer Garner and Gina Riley! 
excited for school. new bags. new shoes. NEW LOOK.  missed 'em..INCLUDING MY SUPER drop dead gorgeous crushh. XD
Excited for some muffins this morning  Not nearly as excited for all the homework that awaits me after such a yummy breakfast.
god i love kids who think they're top shit, somuch so that they make me want to give them a good smack 
God I love maternity leave on hot,sunny, lazy, baby having good long sleeps days  long may it last.....
God i love post exam plannings.  Im gonna start traveling again. 
God I slept so well  Second day of finals
God I would kill to be going to transformers 2 tonight, so anyone going steer clear of me 
God im believing that you will move in a mighty way... this is my prayer... 20 more days, oh what joy 
God im so lucky. Im beyond happy. I love my life. 
God is  Good 
GOD IS _____ TO ME? FILL IN THE BLANK. he is great , good and loving to me!! had a great day at newspring to day!!! 
God is Good  i have faith things will be smooth 
God is good! 
God is good! Let Him be praised! 
God is good, &amp;&amp; don't u ever forget it...reading Breaking Dawn for the third time  lol
Got going at 0515.  Driving wesst through Birmingham (Jacob is driving 
Got grass to cut... computer stuff to do... errands, and misc chores.  But hey, it's the weekend!!! 
got her first 2 Aï¿½s....smartass haha 
got her hair short again and luvin it. 
got her little hearts back 
got her US visa approved today!!! PTL! 
Got hercamera!!!  happiest da of my liiiife
got herself some more muesli bars...!! weeeeeeeeeeeeee! I've had 1.33333333333333 boxes today.. yummy 
Got high, without getting drunk. I know how it feels to be on a &quot;high&quot; now 
got highlights and my nails done yesterday  love it! and just got on demand so im like obsessing over the tv haha
got him a few little things at Archimage. he is a happy creature. 
Got himself a new digital vacation camera  And is really busy at school.
Got his bike back. It's looking sexy and ready to ride 
got his new Macbook Pro 
Got his perfect teeth 
got his winnings yesterday and then bought the whole office cakes. Result = happy colleagues to work with &amp; net deficit in wallet 
got home an hour ago ate lunch watched some tv and now i listening to kelly clarkson no exam tomorrow yay!!!!!!!  3 down 4 to go
God is good, all the time, God is good. 
God is good...  ... [math class then break then film] and @ur1nonlisarah.. tuna sandwiches is wakatelas! lol
God is good...He never ceases to amaze me 
GOD is like da creme 2 my oreo cookie, when i go thru hard times HE holds me together 
God is so good!!! 
GOD is so great i got in an accident which cools down the dancing but now allows me the time 2 use my other talents... Big up canie 
God is sooo good...I promise...just try him...and you'll see...today is a GREAT day...! 
God is still good no matter what the situation and no matter what the circumstance, and the storm won't last always 
God is the source of all love...I thank God for EVERYTHING, and the things he has yet to bestow upon me..I'm soooo ready for it ALL!!!!! 
God is working on me! 
God its hot outsideeee! 
God its roasting. 
God knows and plans everything well 
God knows what i need n what i hope ! God had made these n those all for me , believe it 
God loves you  - READ | Ephesians 3:14-19 Scripture says that God loves us, and the cross proves it. Sadly,... http://tumblr.com/xpv1wuhqq
God loves you, but I am His favourite 
God morning world. Port Gibson cemetary and Windsor with Bakers today 
god morning!  it's 7.26 am here in Budapest, and I'm just waiting to get ready for the exam today. my parents were incredibly cool
God my life is exactly like my big fat greek wedding haha 
God never ceases to amaze me 
god night everyone 
GOD PLEASEE!!! that is ALL i ask for noo moreee u__________u just one little call or maybe messagee whateveer! but please make it happen 
GOD put as here and by faith there will be better days  - better days by diane reeves
God sho love him some me  feeling really really blessed tonight++++++
God takes ugly and turns into beautiful, apparently i'm beautiful, cause you love me, &quot;God Loves Ugly&quot; - Jordin Sparks 
Got home at 1am last night and been up since 8. Going for coffee with Marie in a few hours... 
Got home from &quot;Agatha Holmes&quot;, an improv show with a couple of the guys from @sexydetective - funny show, good work all. 
got home from 420 party in newport beach!! hahaha fun times 
got home from fete 
got home from school like 2 hours ago. after that, i played pokemon diamond and caught dialga 
Got home from the first day of Robotics camp. 
Got home from work an hour and a half ago. 40 followers now, yay!  I'm just working on art in Photoshop. Huzzah :o
got home from work, changed &amp; jumped in the pool with my honey.  That felt great.  
got home from work... waiting for my bud to get home so I can go over there. maybe taking some movies back to Vintage to get more. 
Got home from working.  The fence job is done 
got home just in time for JONAS  yayyy! whoa i still feel like im on a boat... weird.
Got home late tonight, ate late, so no running? Nah...I'll be on the treadmill in an hour...don't care if it is midnight. 
got home not too long ago from a girls night out w/one of my bf's.. the movie &quot;Hangover&quot; was too funny.. good recommendation Chris!  
got home so late last night. what am i doing up?!?  another party today. yay!
got home to a load of European Election leaflets last night.. read them all then took great pleasure in ripping them to pieces 
got home with 2 boxes of churros from dulcinea, a new pink laptop sleeve...and oh! i drove the car, too! i'm finally DRY when i go out 
Got home, rehearsed a lot today, celebrated Carlos' B-day. Nice day, had lots of fun. Work tomorrow. T_T Wish me luck. Oyassumi Nassai. 
excited for SSS... Singapore Shopping Spree! Yay! 
excited for summer 
Excited for Taylor Swift's Dateline NBC and MTV Movie Awards tonight. 
Excited for the clan crunch release today  wooho!
Excited for the environmental field trip  later on today.
excited for the huge bday party tomorrow! and the birthday girls make over i'm doing 
excited for the MTV Movie Awards! Cheering on the Twilight Cast! 
excited for the NBA finals!!!!!!!! 
excited for the new series of the hills on tonight  i just watched the previews on bebo and god it looks so awesome
excited for the Nokia N97 #SearchForN competition tomorrow.. I'm feeling lucky  #sfn
Excited for the Nuggets vs. Lakers game tonight!  Go Nuggets!!
excited for the weekend and nice weather!! 
Excited for the weekend! woohoo! 
Excited for this movie awards- I love andy 
Excited for this summer! 
Excited for this summer. Going to start auditioning in L.A. Can't wait 
Excited for tomorrow morning  I love meeting new people.
Excited for tomorrow night. 
excited for tomorrow. branding calves. i think im finally gonna try and wrestle! 
excited for tomorrow.. my tita &amp; grandpa will visit us and will stay for 1 week 
excited for tomorrow's swim date. 
Excited for tonight  .. working out
excited for tooday and toniight 
excited for tuesday night's game, pat R. on wednesday at maxwells  vball friday- maybe camping, the dog saturday, and softball sunday!!
Excited for tuesday wednesday thursday and friday!  last hurrah before college starts whoo hoo good timesss
excited for Zambales this weekend.. 
Excited I got floor seats for Brittanys Circus concert at MSG.   Yep, Im a stereotype 
EXCITED over my 1st invite to a fren's wed  
Excited that #digitalplanet are interested in @bbc_sos - would be really nice to do something for their programme about Save Our Sounds. 
Excited that I joined twitter, curious to know how it works 
Excited that kristin is going to be on the hills 
excited that last night marked the first one in this year's wedding season, and getting ready for church today and renee's graduation! 
excited to be baptizing a close family friend who's faith journey has been fun to watch. 
excited to be in bed w a good book on a saturday night 
Excited to be in Springfield, IL. home of Abraham Lincoln...again! 
Excited to be sharing the day with my love  its been hectic and stressful, but I'm happy cuz I'm with him â™¡ happy &quot;halfaversary&quot; babe! lol
Got home.  Took Amy down the giant inflatable slide during the party, she liked it   I loved it too, wish I can have one in the house!
got home.. got into bed... went on twitter 
Got hurt at work today. Time for some serious pain meds and a long sleep on a bag of ice. Everyone in class make sure you take notes.  
Got in a really bad wreck today and completely totaled my car. I'm feeling blessed and so thankful no one was hurt 
got in at 5 this morning, spent afternoon working like a mofo. abit knackered but rather chuffed 
got in line for toy story with a 75 minute wait and got through the line and the ride in under 40 minutes  yay
Got in to Sly Park late last night in a storm. Gorgeous morning. 
Got invited to a tea party by my six-year old this am. She wouldn't let me come upstairs until I put on appropriate attire! 
got it to work with a little help from my friend jquery 
excited to get my course cards tom! Haha. Eating dinner 
Excited to go back home to Newfoundland soon for a month 
Excited to go to the lake tomorrow with the boo and the baby  love you pickle
Excited to meet Rainny. Itï¿½s been months! You can expect YT video coming soon... 
excited to see everyone soon  new students. dun dun duuuun.
excited to see my friends tomorrow!!! 
Excited to see my parents in a few days, first time since Christmas!! 
Excited to see the Cavs kick some ass tonight in Orlando! 
excited to see the forecast for the week has changed to more rain. I hate the sun when I'm pregnant! haha  too HOT
Excited to see 'Up' in 3D tonight! 
excited to spend the day in Chapel Hill tmrw 
Excited to spend time with my family and see Bri's new apartment 
Excited to taste Starbucks ice cream for free!!! Ahhh yes, the perks of being a gold card holder 
excited to teach tomorrow. prayers are much appreciated 
Excited to view the 6 North Lofts today! If all goes well this could be our apartment for the next couple of years 
Excited to watch a bunch of desperate lunatics parade thier ignorant fun to a nationwide audience. Its an addictive guilt. YNATTIRB 
excited to watch the mtv music awards with carly tonite ! 
Excited to watch UP tonight! 
Excited to write in my journal. 
excited! @jusfocuz is fixing my virus infected laptop 
Excited! Bonfire tonight. 
Excited! Tomorrow I get to make one of these http://bit.ly/ckadX at @reuseum's workshop. My work has buckets of AA batteries I could use 
Excited! Will be setting up an interview.  http://girlmeetsjob.blogspot.com
Excited!!! Trousers on their way from Topshop, should be here in a couple of days 
excited, can't wait. 
excited..? YESSSS omg super duper, got to go to bed  &lt;3 i need my rest 
Excited: I've almost got enough money saved up for my trip to Japan for the whole of August 
got it. Installing as we speak.... LOVE the nano connector  VERY sleek mouse indeed.
got it? good. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! 
got last beauty lesson today 
got last exam today yipeeeee!!! No more school ever  xx
Got let out off college early today! Finished at 1, home for 1:30, tennis on at 1:32! Now this is more like it 
got like 7 hours of sleep biiiitchh! goinnnng to get my haircut, then the mall and tagaaaay 
Got locked in shopko, for 20 minutes. That was funny! 
Got Lost iN The Bx &amp; I LiVe Here SMh, But Got 2 Spend TiMe W/ AnGel  So I Didn't MiNd
Got lunch, went to goodwill, bought a vintage picture frame, and a vintage mirror. Also bought stuff at the d store for my trip! 
GOT LVATT LOVING AND GRAD TODAY 
Got ma final in ma Chemistry class 2mrrw AND I go 2 Knotts 4 happy hour w/ ma friends/classm8's  I SoOoOoOo cant wait.
got mani &amp; pedi's. did a lil shoppn. off to Portillo's. hope they have RootBeer 
Got Marisa's present and had polish changed on fingers and toes.  
got married last weekend. Sorry for the absence 
got me henna tat. hahaha wot a nice butterfly. having a good time 
Got me some carrot cake and a bottle of water.  
got me some danimals crush cups 
Got me some new running shoes 
Got me that duo  &lt;3
Got Memorial Day back, hooray for time and a half next week 
got more exercise walking to tara's today than i have accumulated in the past 2 weeks. its definitely bedtime!  lulu tomorrow!!
Got more sign ups for collegesumo.com's news letter 
God the mtv movie awards suck....why do we encourage this crap?? eminem rocked though 
God time is going so slow. Can't wait until 1:33 pm, last period! 
God what an amazing night. Goodnight world. I love you.....but not as much as I love @ZulyB 
God will give U 86,400 seconds 2day.  Take one second 2 say thankU!  Then u got 86,399.. Take one of those &amp; say thanku 2 mom!  -RevRun
God will help us to solve our problem. So no worries and keep Tweeting 
god! am i the only 1 that knows how to work twitter? ahha its probs coz ive had it for ages haha --- new moon trailer out tomorrow! wooo 
God! I was so tired before, but after coffee im fresh again  Haha
God! I'm so bored!!!!!!!!  I'm on my wetpaint right now uploading more pages! Lol 
God! wats wrong with me? wrong person...@faeyakof hey~sory,la8~4got to check the reply box~ooo~ur friend,i thought its ur bday~  @faye ...
God(dess) bless nonsensical &amp; dense findings documentation, when emotional distraction is both painfully desired, and somewhat needed. 
god, i love twitter 
God, I'm a sucker for a sad song!  RB: @mrrodd: &quot;Rock on ~ It's been awhile since I could hold my head up high&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~7c91v
excitedd 
Excitement, lovely chef Tony has promised to make chocolate cake with chocolate icing today 
Exciting day, this afternoon, the coolest gadget ever arrived in the post! A brain-computer interface device   http://tinyurl.com/3lnmkj
Exciting msg by pastor Brian Houston - No More Excuses.  luke 14 - http://tweet.sg
exciting saturday night 
Exciting times at @e3expo so far. Looking forward to playing some of these games in October. 
Exciting times when i get a tube ticket for free 
exclu: #streetview #googlecar http://twitpic.com/6twty photo de @raydacteur 
EXCLUDED!  The girls are having some sort of Pussy Pow-Wow in the other room.
'Excursion' with Carol Ber, Sabr, Collin, ChiewYan &amp; Elmer today. We even popped by handsome chef Samson's!! I love spending QUALITY time 
Excuse me can you move your boring tweetz ova you blocking the good SHIT lmao sorry my Heartlezz kicking in 
Excuse me for writing German only. Don't wanna be rude, but I'm too hung over 2day to do otherwise 
excuse me I mean twitter to previous post  Still learning the lingo any advice please let me know I'm still trying to figure this out
Excuse me, do you have Band-aid? I skinned my knee when I fell for you.  - its all about the cheese factor  !
Excuse me.... Don't hate on my J-crew wellies   http://yfrog.com/0r4f1j
Excuse moi photobucket btw. It's spacer and it wouldn't lemme &quot;show image&quot; lol anyways yeah 
excused all day to do the senior video, what?!   
Exercise everyone , Get up and shake your Groove thing ! You don't have to be an athlete (but if you are send a pic haha  ) Keep moving!
Exeter to get Lily White then Boston for the day 
exhasted, busch gardens tomorrow 
Got my @ChamCircuit cd + badge today  it's even better than I thought it would be 
got my @jasonwebley x @sxipshirey collaboration today! excited 
got my @taylorswift13 Rolling Stones cover poster today! to add with my @Jonasbrothers one... @ddlovato your turn now 
Got my 1000.1 back to day 
Got my 30 minutes of cardio in for today! So did Ava. 
Got my 5 year license in the mail today. I am now a fully functioning teacher. 
got my all time low gk collab shirt. pimpin. lots of free stickers too 
got my autographed BoA DVD plus poster today. gonna go watch it now 
Got my baby fix this morning at coffee :o). Held wyatt, nevaeh, easton and loved every second of it  I want a baby!!!!
Got my belly button pierced 
Got my bike back safely! Hope to go out and shoot today. Currently uploading to iStock... 
got my black heels&amp;nails and a blue dress ready for tomorrow  soo excited for dinner&amp;movie
got my braces tightened it was soo fun! 
Got my C# web service wrapper for my python modules working - Python modules talking to my database and iPhone talking to my web services 
got my cap and gown today!  5 more weeks and i'll officially be an adult! eeee scary thought!
GOT MY CAR TODAY   
got my copy of Your Home mag today.....no name check but my work is in print at last 
got my cpu back! im a newly converted linux-er 
got my crock pot tonight  (this is what i was saving all my tickets for. seriously.) what should i save up for next?
Got my custom themes working again  You can blow me @MSWindows SP2's theme disabling can go to gell!
Exhausted after long, fun day with SIFF and family. Need to sleep. Tomorrow brings laundry and grocery shopping. It's all very exciting. 
exhausted but happy  # listening to Viva La Vida
Exhausted but loving this job! Looking towards vaca in July...who wants to road trip ATL with me? 
exhausted form the gym :p going to take a shower, eat dinner, study a little, and then its derby time!!!! yay! 
exhausted from a long bike ride, but its still a gorgeous day 
exhausted from prom... going to sleep. It's going to be SO nice waking up after the sun is already up 
Exhausted from studying- will be calling it a night soon...and rise and shine in the am to start studying again: hope it pays off 
Exhausted from swimming! Another hot day tmrw, whose down for some tops tmrw, hit me up! 
exhausted! and i finally have a day off tomorrow 
Exhausted! good things its raining -- now I can hang out and watch movies all night  I don't remember the last time I was able to do that!
EXHAUSTED!! what a day...12 hours non-stop and I'm OUT!! Wish I had the energy but my bed looks GORGEOUS right now...*climbs in bed* 
exhausted, yet again. Can't believe i've worked ever single day for over a month. Queen's birthday long weekend coming up. Yay a sleep in 
EXHAUSTED. but up for going out later tonight... so let me know 
Exhausted. Even so, my bed is super comfy/cuddly  Overall: content.
exhausted. i hate 6am wake up calls! definitely sleeping in 
God, the last three days have been awesome  Had a blast, although I was still recovering! Also; everyone watch 'Partymonster'. Cool movie!
god. it's 7:30 and 76 degrees 
Godd morning tweeters! I'm early today, thought I'd sleep a lot longer.. 
Godd,I love my family. 
Goddammit..I'm in trouble 
GODDAMN that was fun!! Now headin to Dom's to BBQ and chill out after pickin up some grub at A&amp;J's.  UP &amp; Blue Label Gonnabe a GREAT day!!
Got My Dance Down For So You Think You Can Dance Canada!  very excited
got my delicious library license   today is work, run, reheated homemade broccoli &amp; cheddar soup, chilling - good times
got my Download Festival ticket!  can't wait hehe
got my drink!  
got my ears pierced finally  fireman's fair tonight!
got my ears stretched to a 0 todayy. OUCH! and finally got my new phonee 
got my fave lotion @PaperSkyscraper and had delicious strawberrycupcake from Pikes 
Got my fill of some george lopez now its time for bed  night twitter world
got my first client that found me through Google today. Thought it was going to be a quiet Saturday of office work...but no 
Got my first follower... cool..hey if your a chick.. hoolaaa!!! 
Got my fix for some da cheese fries ...yummie 
Got my free @UBank USB drive... impressed! Works with Vista ReadyBoost 
got my free mary green panties today. they came in an adorable little bag with a sweet note from mary herself. 
Got my grades! all A's! Booyah!!! 
got my guitar and songs of praise and worship...good to go 
got my hair cut 
got my hair cut! so happy  i cut off like an inch to 2 inches!! and i am gettin it redyed soon...but i have to save up gotta buy it myself
got my hair did. i feel so much better...maybe thats all i really needed. anywhoo, im at home bout to listen to this demo. 
got my haircut today, and super excited for tomorrow night! i love my bestfriends! &lt;33 
Got my haircut, now I am that much closer to PROM! 
got my hands on the sims 3 collector's edition! now going to eat sleep and breathe sims   /geek
got my head. got my nose, got my legs, got my toes..I got my 2nd gen old ipod but still happy 
got my Holga 135BC in the post today! 
exhausteddddd. only 17 days until school is over tho 
exhausting day...will chirp again tomorrow 
Exhaustion.  At least it is the good exhaustion of a busy day.  
Exhibited at GalleryOM yesterday: The first exhibition I have taken part in since being an art student! 
Exhibition comes to an end on a happy note with a better than expectded response 
exited I found &quot;cassadega&quot; again! I love this album 
Exited to see Billy Talent tomorrow at Rock am Ring  
expanding my itunes library 
Expect the unexpected OR don't expect the expected Hmmm I had quite a lovely dream last  and they say some dreams predict the future.ihope
Expect. Pray. Believe.  Wave Church rocks!
Expecting great divide, tommyknocker, and Durango tomorrow! 
Expecting nothing less than greatness from a great God! Psalm 5:3. Happy Friday! 
-expects someone to say BUT THEN THE SCHOOL DAYS WOULD HAVE TO BE LONGER. i do know, in an ideal world they could be longer 
Experiencing BAZOOKA at moi.  http://mypict.me/2gcJ
Experiencing BIS Issues? RIM Knows About Itâ€¦ @PinkBerryGirl @karyncristina  http://viigo.im/KXz
Experiencing office drama for the first time at the Tustin gig. Surprisingly I'm not part of it in any way 
Experimentando con TwitterGadget 
ExperimenteazÄƒ lumea â€“ partea Ã®ntÃ¢i  http://bit.ly/4FtpoX eXchange-ul Mihaelei in India 
experimenting a little...  night!
experimenting with different heading pic... comments pls.. 
explaining konati how twitter is working   
Explaining my father what is cloud computing with google docs example. He asked me if there is AutoCAD in the clouds 
Explaining twitter to John....How is there still people that don't know what twitter is? 
explaining twitter to my grandma 
explaining twitter to the tias 
explaining what Twitter is to Mom 
Got my invite to the Bumptop Beta Trial - having fun bumping things around  Looks useful and messy, just the way I like it!
Got my last exam back. Never been hapier than a six  that 3/4 in the last exam session.
Got my last two assignments back finally! Two A's and I have passed the year 
Got my limited edition marc jacobs- daisy today! Ahhh! I &lt;3 itttt! 
got my little black dress on and im going out for lunch 
Got my nails done 
got my nails done   the shopping then movies with calen and then a party 
Got my nails done they look like a zebra that doesn't sound cute but they really are 
Got my nails done! Bout to eat spaghetti and have some youngji tea 
got my nails painted  they have smiley faces on them 
Got my new camera   &amp; 8 days of school left.
got my new camera today! 
Got my new camera!  here it is...
got my new device, back on line.  Survived nearly an hour without my BlackBerry 
Got my new ghd's no just need to wait for my hair to grow! 
Got my new iPod! 
got my new journal notebook. Just wrote something. 
Got my new kittens today  They're absolutely adorable. And into everything.
Got my new laptop 
Got my new netbook!  Promptly uninstalled XP and loaded Ubuntu -- Loving it so far!
Got my new Palm Pre 
Got my new pc up and running. Device manager shows 8 CPU's 
got my new phone! Mad shopping spree today 
got my new trainers today, so far theyve taken me to the kettle and back 
got my nose pierced 
goddamn you Danny, i started your video then realize its 11 fucking minutes, I WANNA GO TO BED!!! lol i do love his Video Diaries though! 
goddamn!  I meant to write: He sounds perfect, E.
GODFATHER...  great movie
Godmorning Twittersphere, how are you all doing on this sunny day? 
God's way is unique and yet can't be understood. He has His own time.. 
GOD-Son Avery is in town gonna go watch him and Niko kick some bball tonite! 
goes Forward to Lorient &amp; wishes ites &amp; vibes to all followers, back on the first days of July 
goes to cairns in two weeks and i cant wait 
goes to Heidelberg on the &quot;SWR3 Rock am RIng Tour&quot; 
GoGoGo... move up by 1  26. 1888pressrelease.com
GoGoGo... move up by 2  69. hubpages.com
GoGoGo... move up by 3  93. johnchow-cow.com
Goh. All American Rejects nu op Pinkpop stream best leuk 
goig to the gym 5 days a week is really paying off. i'm honestly very proud of myself 
goign to bed by 5:30 6 LATEST I HOPE ni ni tweeters 
goign to go paint my new apartment! yay 
goiing and trying to get my license.YAY im legal 
goin &quot;camping&quot; at bodega bay today and the next couple days 
goin 2 a bbq yaaaaay 
got my other dress today  
Got my Palm Pre...first to walk out the store with it 
got my pc  now i gotta put it together, gonna be a problem
Got my phone back.  Watching Bring It On 
got my pineapple &amp; whipped cream â™¥ 
Got my plastic hoop to do about a dozen spins in one go today - can't wait until my real deal hoop arrives  Ohh and stomach is sore now!
Got my Press Card today! 
Got my purse i lost! still doing biology trying to get those grades up 
Got my shirt ironed this morning, man what a bitch gogo 5hrs sleep!  Big wedding today glad I'm not payin for it 
got my spider bites finally, hardly swollen quite the bonus 
Got my Starbucks today babyyyyyyyyy caramel machiatto  or however u spell that shiiiiiiiiiit
Got my Sushi  
got my sweet baby girl with me today... I'm in Mommy Heaven. 
Got my tattoo fixed today, and it didn't hurt to much, thank god  Can't wait to get the next one. $$$.
got my tattoo on my foot....and boy did it hurt but i looks soooo good 
Got my tee time at Torrey Pines tomorrow morning, life is good 
got my ticket for paul mccartney!! 
Got my tornado!  after traveling to 5 states got it in ironically co
Got my truck  Chillin in Midland.
Got my twin cookin' 4 me  With the boyfriend chillin' at his boy's crib. Lovin' the great reviews on Hangover.
Got my vans on   http://twitpic.com/6akkb
got my weekly dose of @postsecret in .. one of my fave sunday rituals .. wish I could get an exhibit to come to Bellevue U 
Got my Wenger Clipper today and some extra SAK scales  Also have a cool streamlight stylus pro on the way as well 
Got my windows sidebar back with the Twitter app on it 
Explore new and interesting markets for reliable profits  www.winplace.at
exploring Diigo http://www.diigo.com thanks to @frogpond 
exploring early childhood assignment  due in 13 days, im gonna start it now 
Exploring Pejaten Village with the cecebssss  http://myloc.me/24NI
exploring some chinese sap sites to be added on my directory list 
Exploring the PR. 
Exploring the Twitter 
Exploring the world of Twitter   Listening to the radio... &quot;Evacuate the dancefloor&quot;   yeah...
exploring this site....well, Im the new guy here 
Exploring Twitter with the guidance of Will 
Exploring. Adventuring. Up to nooo good. 
ExpoFCT was a success!   We received more than 7000 students from secondary school.  Now I'm recovering from last week...
Expos are tiring but super fun! Great to catch up with Gracie &amp; friends too! Annapolis: see you bright and early tomorrow am 
Exposing my new assistant to my lovely singing voice today 
Express Train to NWK! Tk U God for this random gift 
expressing 
Expressing  my rights to bare arms...I put on a sleeveless blouse today!! 
expresso time again  http://ff.im/2Lgv7
Ext JS today 
extended lunch 
Extended task. Can't wait for school &amp; finals to be over so I can go to Splish Splash 
extended vacay 
Extra brownie points for everyone who knows the flash animation that made this song popular on the interwebs.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7fm56
extra long half marathon with stunning ocean views: TICK 
Extreme Rules, Lakers, Dodger Games All At 5...I Have No Idea What To Watch For :/ Why Not See Them All Hahaha 
Goin 2 bed. Gotta get up in 7 hours 4 another 9 hours @ the daycare. Text me anytime. 
goin 2 bed.. superrr tired :-/... nite twitter bugzz 
Goin 2 bed.... its after midnight and my eyes are almost closed..... (yawn) peace out 
goin 2 bed..... goodnight twitterers! 
Goin 2 ceader beach!  d - _ - b
Goin 2 get my cap n gown ordered! 
Goin 2 mall for some shades 
goin 2 sams tomorow!  n we will dye hair!
Goin 2 the mansion  http://twitpic.com/6t63c
Goin 2 walk Brooklyn bridge 4 Grimaldis w/ @tcouch04 @lpleander even tho we just ate Shake Shack.. Apparently its gorge yourself Sunday! 
goin 2 wally world  (12 days];; &lt;3
Goin back to Atlanta today 
goin back to gaming now 
goin back to sleep. FUCK off AGAIN ppl. With a smile dis time though heh heh   &quot;I'm Jus Me&quot;
goin backk to my summer homee, but coldstone first 
goin bak 2 basics manana!! early app w/my stylist 8am appt...Blonde Dee is gonna b bakkk!!! love it 
goin down to see lisa in action 
goin for a run and mowing the lawn. txt me to hang out today 
Goin for a swim then havin a s'more. 
goin for lunch. then gonna watch the mtv movie awards! so excited!!! 
Goin for sushi with nikki...if they're still open 
goin gaga over the new #twitterfox tweaks. mmmuuah! i &lt;3 twitter  
Goin home 18 total  cheng caught 10 jay 5 i caught 3
Goin home after a looonnngggg day! my new word 'bittersweet' haha 
goin' in da hood...love my lil ice chest I call an office  I really do, it's kinda comfortable.
Goin on a roadtrip peoplesss.   and started on the Uglies series, = &lt;3
goin on racheals sun bed 
Goin out for a bike ride 
Goin out with Ray 
got my xt phone 
Got my yearbook today, only three &amp; a half days of school left! 
Got myself a haircut today... AND! I'm on the plane to Iowa tomorrow. 
Got myself a silver Gameboy Micro for 12 bucks! All I need now are some cool games  Tips? #gba #nintendo #gameboy
Got new bed sheets &amp; quilt! Great sleep tonight 
Got new boots called Today 
got new clothes today 
got new flights booked for Turkey today.  I can almost smell the sun lotion 
got new glasses, and I LOVE them  I'll upload a pic in a sec to show you guys~
got new hair 
Got new hammock to fully enjoy the nice weather  - http://mobypicture.com/?g778qb
got new ideas for vacations! 
Got New Shoes And I Love Them 
Got new shoes. I know i dont need them but i always want them! 
got new strtchers 
Got new sunglasses &amp; new shirt from pacsun 
got new toys. Again. Breverb prev costing only 5 bucks... gonna do a mix with it asap. 
Got new windows in my room.  I'm going to sleepy now. Goodnight.
Got news from tracy last night  fun fun! Also: my manager is a freak
Got no sleep haha in the car with my brother heading to Boston  I think another 2hrs and were there haha.Love my brother and Boston
Got no where else to go. 
got norwegian for my first test exam 
extremely excited for Toy Story 3! 
Extremely excited to be finally getting my hands on the new Infamous demo. Downloading as we speak 
Extremely exhausted but I can't sleep. Off to shop online 
EXTREMELY happy right now! You don't even know   -*Les*
Extremely happy to see my new track &quot;The Awakening&quot; featured on Indivibe   http://www.indivibe.com/vibe.php?city=1
Extremely hot today, stay in and do some work, or go to the beach and relax?  No brainer really... be back later 
Extremely proud wife at the moment... Kev set a new PR in his 5k run this morning 
extremely tired ughh...practice was fun and we actually got things done....what does saturday hold in place for me and ambar 
extremely unhappy. More angry than i have ever been. Am in the bus on the way home. 
EY asked me for a ride to the airport. This is her last day in Adelaide as a youth member of  church. She's getting married in Korea! 
EYE CANDY &lt;3 Chris is mad awesome and sexy in this song, same with Emma and of course JOSE like all the other songs 
eye doctor...then...nothing i guess 
eye vant too zlap @spellingsquad w/ my dingaling 
eyes are still stinging i should not sleep in my contacts on a drunk saturday night, goodnight 
Got off school early today  haha, so bored. Should do chem... nah! haha ?
Got off the phone with my dad explaining how to add color to cells in Excel, his confusion was between the &quot;A&quot; and the &quot;bucket&quot; 
got off work a 1/2 an hour early today... and I got free lunch from Marian 
Got off work and now im gonna go see the hubby 
Got off work early 
Got off work early, so sat in the garden listening to sunny afternoon. Perfect 
Got on ma leather motorcycle jacket ma black palladiums skinny jeans &amp; ma silver biker gloves 
Got one more 
got one week left to get assingments done  then hopefully ill have a job
Got our tickets for Star Trek IMAX movie! 
got over $500 for her birthday 
Got Paid  and now has money to buy her summer clothes 
Got picked up by @thechooo &amp; Queyny &amp; Khanh looking for trouble  (or some food)
Got picked up early from school, then i ate Cypress Bests! 
goin radio now! tune in at 11  fm104
Goin shoppin. Yeeeep!  
goin shopping 
goin studio ina bit, den a rehearsal for family man at 6:30! music n drama, aahhh lovely stuff 
goin thailand sooooooon 
goin to a festival all day today to hang out with all my peeps  i luvv all of them we are gunna have the best time!!!!
goin to ann arbor for sangria, beer and dinner! oh, and some old friends too. 
GOIN TO BED GOT CLASS 2MOR...PROUD TO BE A MOMMI...  THANX GOD FOR BLESSING ME EACH AND EVERI DAI WIT OUT U NOTHING WUD BE POSSIBLE.. 
goin to bed now! night twitters! see ya tomorrow 
goin to bed now. tired and i dunno, everything's a little strange atm ..  see you guys, xoxo
goin to bed soon. have the sats tomorrow but looking forward to tomorrow night 
Goin to bed soon... Gotta wake up early and go to Seattle    hbu?
goin to bed w/smokey!!!!! 
Goin to bed! Peace out gangsters! Six Flags tomorrow! 
Goin to bed, night night my Twitter family! Been a great day! Can't wait to go celebrate Jesus tom w my rockers! 
goin to bed. dreaming of my man Alex Skarsgard.  my birthday is in 30 mins if you can get him for my present i will be your BFF!hehe
goin to bed. gettin up early tomm. goodnight 
Goin to bed. It appears to have stopped raining cats and dogs. I wanna dog. English Bulldog 
Goin' to bed. 'Night all! Love ya. 
eyes getting heavy. i think i'm gonna let trey songz sing me to sleep. good night everyone 
Eyes heavy. All this staying up till midnight and getting up at 6:30 is catching up to me. Does that mean I'll stop doing it? Doubt it. 
Eyes will see Your power and glory Knees will fall and we'll sing Holy Sarah Revees 
Eyetracking today with #Tobii - always interesting to see what the users are really up to  Some good and varied results.
eyyyyyyyy its @iAMbrrittannyy .. follow me 
ezra and I are on a road trip. 
Ezt most olvastam: Every time you touch yourself, a kitten die. 
Ezyway vouchers in the entertainment book!!! 
'F is undefined' #fuck #jquery #slider (via @helmi) nothing personal helmi. But funny tweet 
F it! I'm done trying to fix my picture! I hate you, twitter! I'm out 
F spontaneity. hello pillow 
F&amp;F testing ended last Friday - now looking ahead at what is to come. 
F**kin awesome!!  &quot;Waking Up in Vegas ~ Katy Perry&quot; â™« http://bit.ly/9WppL
F*ck trees, I climb buoys, motherf*cker!  ? http://blip.fm/~4mvf7
Got pokemon ruby! 
Got power at 4am!  Woo hoo!  Thanks for the wakeup call to let me know it was back on CU!  
Got ready with my personal blog site  please check and comment thx http://dezsopapp.com/
got really far in her book, and predicted almost everything  goodnight loves.
Got Reiki 2 certified this weekend. Great class. Got about $100 in donations in the mail. Also got mystery butt bruise. Coincidence? 
got requirements/research for first website.. prototype time 
got rims &amp; wheels picked out and springs ordered now  yeee!
Got school thennnn absolutly nothing. Just gona chill n relax for once 
got series Best of 'Friends' I love it, can't stop to watch it 
Got Sharon to agree to refund our dog training $$ 
Got sidetracked last week but I'm determined to make oodles of PB cookies tonight. A week late and a dollar short, but tasty nonetheless. 
Goin To Catch My Z'sssss... hit me up 404-667-9431 
goin to chloes birthday party soon! 
Goin to Danny's soccer game. Yay for summer brothers! 
Goin' to Dooders 
Goin To Drammen Now &quot; I'm in Norway &quot;   Waz good pepz?
Goin to early church then heading to jacksonville 
goin' to gso, thank you tasia!   a perfect way to end hours of nemo gc.
goin to have a few drinks with my celestey 
Goin' to have a new phone line!   globe baby.:&gt;
Goin to have a sleep over with muh favs!  I finally can stay! Yess! Youth was amazing like always.! Shoooooo! =D
goin to ikea later 
Goin to johnstown. another boring day. i'm lovin me some chocolate covered espresso beans 
goin to kenzies  sexay partay
Goin to lunch wit her  &lt;3
Goin to ma cousins soon, there dog is soo cute 
Goin to meet the  Dina at the beach! Hope my boos are havin a good day at work! 
Goin to Moxies then hittin th club 
goin to my last day of school! woo! 
Goin' to NYC today... visiting grandparents and aunt and uncle... horray. 
goin to pf changs for dinnerrr 
Goin' to rock my new hairdoo this Monday... 
Goin to Rodeo with Vane and Doraa! Party party!! Woo woo!! 
goin to school now.have a great day 
Goin' to school with sav and baily 
goin to see Neil Gaiman, hopefully he'll sign one of my drawings 
Goin to see that Star Trek for all the people livin beyond this planet... I'm beyond that, just human..  God First!
goin to see UP in disney 3D!!  
goin to sleep busy day tmrw! 
goin to sleep even tho its still early here. just got about 5 hrs of sleep earlier. Goodnite Twitkers 
Goin to sleep now *yawn* 9AM is the perfect time to pass out 
Goin to sleep watching Twilight.....should have beautiful dreams tonight! 
Got skepta- mic champ, bashy- catch me if you can! all i need is wileys new album  bashys album is so sick!
got so excited when I saw a blogging bride-2-B just added 1 of our images to her &quot;must have ideas&quot; for her oh-so-famous wedding photogs 
got soccer training this arvo and soccer game tomorrow hope we win  versing cessnock
Got some 3G. At Cambell river 
got some bright yellow nail polish that I am excited about 
Got some chicken select with @ais12 and the @DJ reach entourage w. @iamtwitty 
Got some cool pic's with a bazooka/guitar player on Pearl st.  Oh the wonders of Boulder....
Got some crabs &amp; lobster 2 grill 4 early dinner. Fresh salad &amp; corn on d cob. Fresh strawberries &amp; cherries, it's good eats! 
got some food  biryani!
got some food... feel better now. 
Got some fresh peaches today at the market, just mashed up 1/4 of one with white wine. Tastes like summer  http://twitpic.com/6v8un
got some good books today and season 3 of one tree hill  looking forward to getitng into these books though.
got some good pics of the fam at Molly's graduation 
got some great parking karma. He always gets a front-row parking spot 
Got some jordons (spelling??) for the first time last night at the mall, the Hubby says I'm cool now cause I've never had them before 
got some Kiwi gummies from the anime section at FYE yesterday and picked up a trinket for my bro.. hopefully he'll think it's awesome 
GOT SOME LAUNDRY DONE WHILE TWITTER WAS DOWN LMAO IM BACK IN BIZNESS NOW  WHOS LIFE WAS DAMN NEAR OVER CUZ TWITTER WAS DOWN? LOL
Got some major thinkin to do today. Good thing I got plenty of rest tonight 
got some more color at the beachh today!  hangin out tonightt  text meee.
Got some neon socks and backstreet boy cds. Gotta love the dollar store.  
goin to sleep.. goodnight twitter world.. Much love Tria  xoxo
goin to starbucks... i need coffeeeee!!! 
goin to support my boys tomorrow night vs. jays. they better win! Since i paid so much for my tix! (they were free) 
goin to taylo's house  yyYay guna have ablasst
goin to the beach this morningg 
Goin to the chapel and they're gonna get married! Woo hoo reception time 
Goin to the gym workin on my fitness.... 
Goin to the longest hip hop show of my life. Can't wait 
goin to the phoenix mercury game! Get to b part of the fan tunnel. Hopefully will meet sum players! Watch online.  peaaaccce
Goin to the place where we had our first date 
Goin to the pool since its such a good day out!!! 
goin' to the pool, possibly outlet shopping, and hanging out with the hubby! GREAT way to celebrate a Sunday 
Goin to the pub  lol
goin to the varsity and college lacrosse games with my lovely friend Torinnnn. it's so beautiful outside&lt;3 
Goin to the wedding reception 
Goin to tropical snow.  my favorite.
goin to try and start drwaing again, i need to start doin what i love these days and stop doin what i think other people will approve of! 
goin to try to go mimiz now... GOODNIGHT tweets!  ohhhh yea! http://tinyurl.com/ntct3z
goin' to uncle's house to watch the lakers later today 
goin to vincent's place! lunch date with my team mates 
goin to visit gina.. diego..marky..u no where I'm goin.. 
goin to wellston to watch supercross today 
goin to work for a hour or so.. then bevy's for her birthdayyyy 
Goin to workout with any luck we'll box today so I can beat the shit outta something 
going  to s&amp;r alabang, craving for combo pizza and blue bunny cookie dough ice cream. 
going 2 a driving class today, my last one 
Going 2 bed now   Good Night n good luck tonight Miley 
Going 2 bed!!  miss ya april!
Going 2 bed. Been up long enough. I need my beauty sleep. Good night! 
going 2 c angels and demons lol should b gooodd... hope sooooo! anybody allready seen it????? - - Steve 
Going 2 get his licence bak 
going 2 have a sleepover tonight with suzyy sonia and sarahh 
Going 2 joshs parents 2 grill and swim 
Going 2 Lahaina 2 pickup my permit licenced hubby. 
going 2 mimis finally .... nite twitter 
GOING 2 MY SISTER HOUSE 2 GO EAT WITH MY NEPHEWS 
going 2 read a book... 
Going 2 school  Get LEAP results today I'm soooo nervous
Going 2 see Up today.  last night was possibly the best night of my life so far. The day was really boring but the night was AH-MAZING!!!!
going 2 sleep soon just checking pictures first 
going 2 the beach with some friends! hope i'll not rain 
going 2 the beach! 
Going 2 the valley 2 hang w/ my olders siblings. So this is 1 of the last tweets til thurs. unless my sister lets me use her computer 
Going 2 try 2 sleep! yay! hahaha im stil hyped up on the 2 cups of coffee i hd! hahaha or mayb its just me! hahaha 
Going 2 watch terminator salvation bye 
Going 4-wheeling    in the rain though  =(
Going along with Shiny Cinderella on an adventure next week     God be with us
going around nudging people. it's amusing 
Going around to yard sales with my mom-in-law. Kind of fun 
Going away dor the weekend with some footie mates, nice weather and booze is a great combo 
Going back home 2 LA 2morrow 
going back home today ... 
going back home, need some sleep  gonna go shopping tomorow for puerto rico trip!
going back soon! HOORAY for me  its the WEEKEND baby!
going back to base now, hopefully the audio downloads on gbchawaii.org will be up and running. 
Going back to bed. Bella and I are beling lazy- I should be packing since I'm moving saturday...oh well a 30 minute nap won't hurt. 
f.f.f.f.f.friday  what do peeps have planned for the bank holiday weekend?
F.Y.I- OTD= Out The Door And that last comment was refering to old naked pictures and home videos of your ex girlfriends  INJOY!!!
F1 in china finished  Germany roules 
F1 Qualifying in Bed 
F21 Spree #7 closing 01 June, ASOS Spree #6 closing 03 June  Still taking last minute orders so don't worry! 
f8ck f8ck :'D its boring, i hate you cole 
FÃ¼r Homepage - using twitter api http://bit.ly/53TQS  mit Kommentar von mir  #andi
Fab day here in TO - have to get the pooch out for a walk to enjoy it 
FAB song!  &quot;Hey Boys and Girls (Truth of the World pt2)&quot; - Evermore ? http://blip.fm/~6t0f9
Fable is working   BoNaNA DaRliNG
Fabulous dinner with old coworkers. What not to wear with the mom 
Fabulous Monday Morning to everyone!!   Remember if you want a different result, do something different. Smile with me 
fabulous night last night! lazy sunday 
Fabulous super hero roleplay  I love being a sexy villainess in shiny black rubber!
FABULOUS!!  Check this video out -- LFL Lingerie Football League - http://bit.ly/32hp7o
Fabulous, it got here  I will #search for some more loot also @TLGame
Fabulous. At disney world 
Fabulous: she foals!! Another colt, Sandy 
Going back to direct play 'Fishbowl' 
going back to elbi.wee! 
Going back to Englandshire today. Been brilliant up in Scotland tho. Pure, dead, brilliant! 
Going back to London a day earlier than expected, which means I get the pleasure of using Britain's flawless and efficient rail service. 
going back to OS X after a forced 5 month hiatus with only my Windows and Linux boxes makes me a happy camper 
going back to sleep. 
Going back to Torrance for the day with my puppy 
Going back to watch Mr. Turner  later tweets!
Going back to where I belong 
Going back to work now. See you in two hours, twit-destrians  LOL. I crack myself up.
Going bak to the pool to study ! I love hot summer sunny days ! 
face down in the dirt she says this doesnt hurt &lt;3 
Face exfoliated and moisturized.....feels good 
FACE IS NUMB TBH, lloyds hung over AHAHA, but it was worth it, what a nightt 
Face it. Wats Done is Done, n' I aint Lookin bac.  Brand New babe!
facebook   .. so overrated! i reckon
Facebook 1.6 for ï£«BlackBerryÂ® is available! Visit sheggario.blogspot.com 
Facebook chat now has bold and underline... so does the pidgin-facebookchat plugin 
facebook down? 
facebook is being a major bitch. got itunes on shuffle and trying to de-clutter apartment. mordy home tonight!! 
Facebook just approved Expono's Facebook integration! You can now share albums/photos with your FB friends and post stories to your wall 
facebook mobile web lied to me. most of the options of my name was available (except unsurprisingly nachi). choose nachiappan 
Facebook on my 360, wow, that is cool 
Facebook private messages email notification - DISABLED!  - asta pana trece spamul, virusii, viermii ?i sis-ul 
@clpvetter &quot;Stuck&quot; in Barnes &amp; Noble?! What are you talking about? 
@clrgstnk hey dis ca te dit detre la photographe officielle de caligirls 
@clrzqstn lol I'm on now  and obviously I came on twitter..I'm too addicted =P
@clrzqstn lol YEAH i do ..ugh..did you read all 
@clsav hehehe hope you had a dam good time 
@clt59 Hey!!!! ME tooo!!!! 
@clu101 call! trust me 
@clubalektrablue  kayden's answer for the Q was &quot;A swelled ego&quot; and i agree with her on that .. anyway, have a good time ale 
@clubalektrablue oh so u have already been out here to Boston?  awww plz tell me ur comn back! 
@clueless_bimbo if you find someone who still has a woggle send them my way 
@ClumberKim actually, the Vegas side trip is a birthday present from @yincrafts.  I'm not that terrible 
@ClumpsofMascara @ErinScandalous closest @Starbucks at 16th and 8th ave 
@clumsyclover okay i'm still behind. what is this thing you got yourself into?? 
@Clumsyflic ahh you saw Take That?? i love them! i'm seeing them on July 4th!  glad you had fun!
@Clumsyflic i knowwww  i'm still voting.
@Clumsyflic ok    Strawberry and Raspberry good for yah? ;)
@clumsyharmonica the bestest thing 
@clumsyroyalty yeah im a guitar hero kinda guy myself, i rock the guitar 
@clurduff who won 
@clutteretta I'm glad we came, it was really fun! Your CD is really good too 
@clutts6 OLD BROWN WATER?! I'm taking you to ikea and I am forcing you to love it all like i do 
@clvngodess go to Joanns for fabric...and be sure to google joanns coupons, you can save money that way... 
@clvrmnky: i have one of those left 
@CLW001 That is a brilliant idea! 
@CLykowski  why do management continually move goalposts? - they think diff stdnts every year not enough so we need diff curric too 
@clyp1976 thanks!! I definitely will! The next season will be rainy and it comes in two month's time!! 
@Clyyde ... thanks 
@cm6051 Didn't know you were such a fan matt, did a little browsing to see if I could find any episodes and came across your fansite 
@Cmacmillan OH HAY THERE. 
@cmaddox2 it's all so lame! i only turned it on to find out about the award show. the fake drama is the most hilarious part hahah 
@cmae25 wow Mae..rough night at the office hey? have a good rest buddy girl 
@cmaecy uhmm... no exact date yet  i'm still not done printing the awesome pics LOL...
@cmaj92 Hahaha you still have school! 
@CMajor huh ! Thanks.  I'll have to check in with the peeps I know there, they may have animated it.  I cry@ movies too,tis quite okay! 
@cmaki Nah. I'm good.  My typing is a bit off as I can't bend my middle left finger- guess I'll need to hold it out to people 
@cmalidore Sounds good to me! 
@CMarie007 only if that where true, I would sleep better at night!!!!  but soon and very soon.....
@cmarie03 who sings the roxanne song? I know you'll know this. 
@cmarkley awesome! Dave Ramsey says leasing is a ripoff anyway 
@cmarkley our CA house sold in 2 figgin wks! praise God!! I'm flyin back on the 15th to haul wife &amp; everything..then house hunt! 
@Cmarshall13 lol shut up!!!  I hope your joking
@CMarzi84 : i knew it. i just knew it! 
@cmcadams So, what time is dinner? 
@cmcadams Yep, I agree.  It's simply some of the best eats there is! 
@CMChadwick I went to school in Boulder, I love those freak storms! 
@cmciampa Oh...they do! 
@CMcRumpshakuhhh hehe me too now~ but red, it chilly here now!  Looking forward to cheers-ing you in a couple of wks 
@cmcwalton12 just remember i was your first follower 
@cmd_alt_ecs thanks! We are surrounded in boxes but just feels good to be here 
@cmdba JUST BECAUSE! no seriously, i feel like butterflies in the stomach! 
@cmdtv its all good now!  One thing you should mention about click tracks, end it when the song ends, drummers will tend to keep going. 
@cmeinke i remember the record covers you made with these several years ago. great to see youre back doing generative work 
@cmellmer are most of the food places still open? I kinda wanna get some corn 
@cmello http://twitpic.com/5bvj6 - looks cool..but what exactly does it say lol 
@cmeriks i like your new picture! 
@Cmess101x Chloe Messer you HAVE to get back to me one of these days. I'M BOREEEEDDD 
@cmglothlin  just find a breeder near you. we drove all the way to Alburquerque NM for &quot;Alby&quot; haha. he's named after the city. lol.
@cmgoodwin why limit your story to 140 ch. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@CMHolbrook well done you - you know it makes sense 
@cmilove im sooo excited, cannot wait 
@cmln oh I just passed it on the way here!  weather here is surprisingly nice right now.
@cmln ya, they said they do reviews every 3mo, but you gta remind them otherwise you aint gna get shit! wish me luck. 
@CMM_PR I agree for business folk it has to end up in dollars, and I think we can get there but it is not going ot be clean or easy 
@cmmoxley That's the same that I wrote down out of the book except mine has 2 &quot;heaping&quot; Tablespoons of cocoa 
@CMODijk Moreeee pictures 
@cmogle Yes, I agree. Shame. In a garden now in a posh pub - most pleasant, and smoke free. 
@cmonaussiecmon that's nice, thanks 
@Cmoney_2009 have a great day at work chris.  im prayin for u that everything goes great. love ya. guess what? i can walk now on my ankle 
@cmoonreed Sounds like you're really enjoying Coachella! #vegas will be ready to party when you return. 
@cmore_greene the 1st thing I th0ught when I had the swagger sh0t was &quot;this is bad real bad micheal jacks0n&quot; as we stumbled 2 the stage 
@cmps_soule normally I don't root for UA, but the SEC is best 
@CMRLee Hello! Can I be of assistance? 
@cmsantrosity_ YES. YOU SHOULD. 
@cmusic09 yay!!  Free money 4 you. 
@CMV420 #ff @notrox @weedmaps @goodbeershow @mtnbiken @steelydaniel @tstewie @pifiz @robertbarron1 @teshu @smilingtime @wow2000 TY!!! 
@cmwalla Sweet! My big Chance. I hope Mom was watching 
@cmwooll The Instant Fail button, is there anything it can't do? 
@CMXIV will do 
@cmybeka But it is harder  to make lemons out of lemonaide.   I am so excited about your car!  Where are you going to get it?
@cmyee Yes, it seems to be the result from the huge amounts of complaints from the players. By the way, I finally got over 10,000 GS! 
@cmykevin thanks dude 
@CNA_Becky - so what?  I'm plump and nerdy to, but I enjoy life!!!  
@cndboy Morning Charlie! 
@cndflybaby that's not bad at all, as long as there's a smash cake what else do you need. 
@cnguyen321 becuase it sendds to my phone make mine send to ur phone too 
@CNICELB Bad Feet and Ankles? Deal breaker! Chicks out boys graduation..not good on our imagination hahaha  I know what you mean though
@cnilhag thanks 
@cnnbrk Congratulations Roger Federer. I always believed you could make it 
@cnostaw isn't it worth it? 
@co_raine We love going to the Library too....My 8 year old will come lay by me to read all the time 
@co12ina  I noticed that too the other day lol, but it makes me feel special 
@Coach_Colette By saying a big HELLO to you! 
@Coach_Dunn the best recruiting class since I switch sides of the whistle. 
@coachbear Good on ya buddy  Not the jackpot this time but still a good placing ;-)
@CoachBelle just signed her SECOND Beachbody coach this week!!!!!! Maribelle, I'm so proud of you!!!!!! 
@CoachBilal  Im sure it works 4 the ppl who are ready 2 listen. What about the ones who are lovin the so called life they r living
@CoachBilal To be honest, no. I honestly don't know how to correctly meditate. But I am hoping that you will still feed a hungry mind 
@CoachBilal YES  Thanks. My NOW is a reflection of who I AM. So it is exactly as it should b.
@CoachBilal you know what I mean Brother 
@CoachCharrise Best of the best to ya 
@CoachCharrise I didn't think u would for a minute honey  Was just letting slip my risk philosophy-hehe  Not so calculated always tho 
@CoachCharrise its funny, I didn't even know it was there! 
@CoachChelsey I thought it was a pretty good movie! Thanks for watching with me 
@coachclaire, thank you  so glad  you enjoyed spring pictures at  http://bit.ly/lKCES
@CoachConfidence Talking a breath to allow the audience to do the same - especially for those of us with Scottish accents 
@coachcreative thanks Dan. Very kind of you 
@CoachDeb @johnreese how short is short, and doesn't great things come in small packages  I'm 5'9&quot; if that helps 
@CoachDeb Congrats! so exciting!  Doggies look VERY excited too!
@CoachDeb Hey looks like you discovered Zinc before we even told you about it! Got two here, in Newport and Laguna 
@CoachDeb Hi Deb Hope you're using the Ollie North shredder. Build to handle BIG stacks of paper 
@CoachDeb http://twitpic.com/68q1b - was gr8 spending time w u @hawaiirealty &amp; @pacificdigitalsigns. Hope u'll visit us in Ssn Diego   ...
@coachfine You look like you're 48 years old. 
@CoachForWriters Hi N. Kali, I advise people to read Think and Grow Rich for 15 minutes a day. Kali is quite a powerful name in India! 
@CoachHappiness 
@CoachKaterina Hey Katerina.  Figured you would like that.  Looks to still be working even though we have been out of class a few weeks. 
@coachkath Rob doesn't have a twitter, or Kristen. @TruthTweet check 'em out. 
@coachkiki In space? Did you just call me a SPACE CADET? Hmmmm. What am I going to do with you Kiki? :p) (Just being goofy here.) 
@coachkiki oops...forgot your sister was listening in...have a superb weekend as well 
@CoachMonique aww how are Robyn and Riley?! 
@coachparadise Morning, Anne! 
@CoachPuckHead: Yoga X maybe thats what I need!  especially if it can do as you say 
@coachreggie so excited for u to get your new car!!! Post a pic - I want to see!!! 
@CoachUrbanMeyer Coach Meyer can you run up the score to 70 when you play Tennessee?  
@CoachVanessa good additions 
@CoachWhitMSM Today I don't agree with you   Pushed my am run too hard. We coaches tell players to hydrate. Need to listen to myself!
@CoalEO Hi! A Kiwi? Flight of the Conchords fan by any chance? 
@coalesceox is following me 
@CoAndy Awww, thanks!  wish you could've come too, man.
@coasterluvr thanks for being my 80th follower 
@coasting Thanks   Of those things, we've done Pearl (waterfront, Powell's, brewpub), Alberta for art walk, Hawthorne for bfast
@coasttocoastam I will help Art - Sorry to Here this - Hugz  QC
@cobaltcow No problem at all! Anytime    I like the bottom one the best, though the middle one is nice too. (follow me so I can DM ;))
@cobbap Things are nice and quiet -just the way I want it today.  Whats on sched for you in the desert today?
@cobra121 Nopeee. Just listening to Leathermouth and my babe Frank being angry at the world. 
@cobrafan111 i love them all. but travis is the hero. the others have different names 
@Cobras_Stoney: Allright! Argh. She told me yesterday about that party ! .-. I know I'm stupid 
@CobraStripes Bing:http://snurl.com/j57um      Watch the Video, and Read the Description 
@cobrophy I gave it about 10 seconds. Definitely not for me 
@CobusPotgieter Can't wait till the new series is out! 
@CobwebsStir  Pretty cool huh?! Hope you have a fantastic Birthday Sunday! 
@CobwebsStir I bet! Been interesting reading your tweets about the process. 
@CobwebsStir Me slow too  Still puttering around right now..
@CobwebsStir This is true. I tend to worry, though. I'm the worrying sort. I'll get myself together, don't worry. 
@CocaBeenSlinky  Aldo not a risk methinks, lot of luv 4 and from him at Prenton Pk still, he fell out with boss last time an she gone 
@CocaBeenSlinky night ! I shall be more sober /chatty tomorrow night 
@CoCaColee Hey my darling 
@cocaine_blues Dr. House is very attractive  &lt;3House
@COCKnBULLcomic  NEAT! 
@COCKnBULLcomic  Thank you for sharing the love! I'm glad that you dig the work 
@cockneycomic your no use!  lol
@cocktails_on_me mos def it has a jelly-like substance and is fundamentally delightful ERGO breakfast 
@CocktailVh1 Congrats on the win! Yall make a Great Couple 
@CoCo_la_Bella thanx... Ooo dnt 4get u doing my hair 2day 
@cocoacast Must have been back when OS X was still called System 7. 
@cocoancream you're very welcome 
@cocoandbreezy sushi is the best here and its SO cheap,cheaper than Subway or Taco bell 
@cocoandbreezy we're getting real close to the private release  going to be sending you another email soon to get some pics to feature!
@cocoandbreezy yuppp we have it! And don't worry bout feeling overwhelmed, it happens  keep shining ladies. We'll talk soon!
@cocobiotic hi there choc chips 
@CocoBlack aww busy lady, your hard work is going to pay off  Good luck xx
@cocochanel09 Wow, I don't have the patience to sit that long and watch it! I usually sit for like 15 and them I'm bored 
@cococola1977 At least it is Friday 
@cococross se inaugura en Twitter 
@Cocodemerusa Joined you on facebook! 
@CocoFontana but i really think she won '  t do this 
@cocok99 one place in Odem: Dairy Queen.  
@CocoKellman sounds like a great case of the mondays 
@cocolee117 Gonna go sleep now. I think I wil dream of u singing on da stage...again    Good nite COCO babe.
@cocolee117 GOOD LUCK!!  wish u the best~!!! i really cant wait for ur new album..i believe it will be amazing ) love you~!!!!!!
@cocolee117 How's work today? Just went shopping n on my way home now 
@cocolee117 http://twitpic.com/6sxtz  2008 n http://twitpic.com/6sy0q 2009ed handy+lululemon+sunglasses=rehearsal 
@cocolee117 I am ur fan who is making a dissertation now. The life is so busy but you are my support in my life. 
@cocolee117 i'm good, just a bad case of insomnia. =( hope all is well with you. we know you're mega busy, dont worry. thx for saying hi! 
@cocolee117 I've just made a banner for promoting the concert in LA. Check it out - http://is.gd/KznI 
@cocolee117 me  n alice in Osaka now.  everything is cool here.  see u n good night!  xoxoxo  luv u  
@CoComo_Del You looked fabulous and your sister did too!  
@coconacchi maybe we can go see one next sat. nite  cheaper than going out boozing hahaha. thought about going alone but i'm so over that
@coconnie we shall  number three on our list of things to accomplish
@coconut_ghosts you like them crunchy....so you eat them frozen? your argument is invalid, LOL 
@coconutcafe CONGRATS and good luck 
@CoconutCake yep  i was working my @$! off til morning while u were dreaming of rainbows and flying happy sheeps babe ;p
@CoconutRcrds amazing video. seems like it would be so cool to hang out with you for a day. 
@cocooconnor - haagen Daaz Vanilla - I like that with apple pie 
@cocooconnor house of blues and chriscornell sounds like an amazing concert. Lat night was really great fun as well. Small concert hall. 
@cocosbutter its already good...I got to meet you!  
@cocosmalls @blogomama - seeee, it only makes sense. exercising is TOO RISKY sistahs 
@cocosworld not trying to bust balls but &quot;phenes&quot; should be &quot;fiends&quot;. like sex fiend, drug fiend, pic fiends 
@cocotian of course i do.. such an adorable face. 
@cocotteloup failing cos? depends on the co - worth saving and didn't run itself into the ground - maybe...  tricky topic!! 
@cocotteloup thanks! 
@cocoward eeeh! do i have to?? just text me  hahaha
@cocoward hahaha. . . . yeeehuhhh 
@cocoward why is that lovley! and you look nice without your braces mkkay! sheshhh 
@CoCreatorRadio Morning! 
@codeezra lol no chance  of breaking any hearts, i mean...
@codeine_codi LMAO! N yea ya personal storage had u prayin 4 a cell phone bahaha glad u got it workin though  u shuld use it 2 hit me up?
@CodeJedi Pity it runs Windows. 
@CodeLab indeed - that will speed up the death of the stable platform known as Joomla 1.0.x - sad day, but progress happens 
@codelust  its the end result that matters, flickr, FB are PHP hall of fame apps, &amp; i dont think u can write crappy code,even if you wish
@codelust the dvd is with me. will bring when we meet next 
@codelust where are you? I am also in here in shimla 
@codemonkey_uk Oh hai, Thad!  For iphone twitter apps try Twitterific or Tweetie.
@codepo8 add the state of pizza  and Belgian beer too 
@codepo8 hey I thought I knew you from somewhere. Was following you already 
@codepo8 thats one of the best I've seen so far 
@CodeSucker that does look good, I'll check it out in the morning. Thx for the link 
@CodiCaraco do you know where I can download your songs because I really want to listen when I'm on a bus or smthing  f&amp;d=&lt;3 
@codinghorror : Thanks for the view-source tip, didn't know that. I could have needed that two months ago 
@codingmonk - that mapping out is so just like their &quot;where to go to dinner tonight&quot; plans.  Geeks!  Gotta love ya!  
@Codinthepocket Goteki45 for me since the days of Wip3out 
@codsta my weekend was fantastic thank you! have to love hanging with friends at the beach 
@Cody_K alrighty just checkin,it was all in the same order. I congratulate you on your stellar taste 
@Cody_K As she should be! 
@Cody_K hope you have a fun weekend. I'm sure we'll both be tweeting away 
@Cody_K Thanks! XOXO + Hugs!! Was *wonderful* lil' mini-trip. 
@codycluminate hello I'm following you because SamLuminate told us too soooooo hello friend 
@codycomposer Wish I had a deadline to have to keep!  Looking forward to hearing it!
@codydeal Welcome to california 
@CodyEastlick bahaha from a boy i consider my brother, nothx 
@codyks I have a niece and nephew and I have a blast with them.  Perfectly content with none of my own, tho  
@codyks thanks for the follow 
@codylpayne: earendil! 
@codymccarver Krystals not road food....Its a major food group 
@codymckibb Thanks Cody! 
@codyoates Would be fun for one of us old goats too! 
@CodySIO the 7 of us are still waiting 
@codyspotts7 Haha you know it.   Good job earlier &amp; good luck later! I'll be watchin'!  
@coeah Played one for you. 
@coeah That's great news! 
@coeurenbois oops, team leader FAIL! sorry I missed it  - will be sure to feature it in a blog post 
@coeurenbois yes it's not my favorite, but i get off mondays and tuesdays 
@COFAPT i started to sing because of her  i was 13
@cofeeiv You're welcome 
@coffee_offline 
@coffeeandbikes that's ok! i was hoping to get you when you were still tweeting a lot  thanks for trying.
@CoffeeAndMCR lol! yeah! haha! 
@coffeeandnaicha I only saw them today via Channel V! Did you see this clip? Check the uploader's comment  http://tiny.cc/6gA41
@coffeebeans10 Lol, my friend, who is an audio genius @Psyfertech told me they were good.  
@CoffeebreakDMV Thanks to you...that animated...&quot;my com-pu-ter love&quot; is in my head. Good thing I like the song  How are ya 2day Michelle?
@CoffeeCupNews Do you guys have matching shirts like my husband's family reuinions every year? 
@Coffeeforu2 I know I'm going to get to see pics today, right? 
@CoffeeGroundz Ah, it's ok. I did them today and got full marks 
@coffeehousejunk Hope we helped you out with your coffee fix 
@coffeeisgreen  You're so cute.
@coffeejavalatte  Sounds like fun! Can't wait to see the teaser. 
@coffeemaverick It's sunny on our side of the Rocky Mts 
@coffeemaverick Thanks for the follow hope I have something of use to share with you 
@coffeequeen yes! Loved it. Except I didn't know it was a part 1 until the last page.  
@coffeesassy You mad at the President today? 
@cofiem #wave 
@Cogiva  coolio, I'll send out a text then to everyone and you can go home to bed, tell your boss I said it was ok. 
@CoGNintenzo You too! I can't wait for Friday 
@Coheed Sayreville tonight.  &lt;3
@cohen_sydney is he on twitter?  I know @problogger he is into photography. Runs also popular photography blog too.
@Cohoons_World i love baseball.  me and my son are all about baseball.  i love playing too!  look forward to ur tweets later then! 
@coinoprobots you like Remy too?! 
@coinvine  ~ 
@cokeman777 LOL! I guess there's a first time for everything! Have a gr8 day, friend 
@cokeman777 Possibly but I doubt it.  She's a survivor!!   
@cokeman777 Thanks! 
@CokoClemons send twitpics of clothes so I can feel better 
@CokoClemonsWhat up Coko check Ashley Cook out @http://bit.ly/X9c6d  Remeber we talked at the Hippodrome in B-more 
@CoKoPearl lol me too   you graduated right?  congrats if u did
@Col_RFTL Think @thedinnerlady could be more help than I can 
@col2k8 just done they did a grand job 
@COL3YCOL3 thanx baby,I will 
@colbertobsessed Lol, maybe I should try and get at least some sleep tonight...  #CliqueOfTwitter
@colbertobsessed nice! have fun  #CliqueOfTwitter
@colbertobsessed opening act for your now brothel 
@ColbieC If you say so! 
@colbsi I thought it looked different 
@colbsi our general group - so far it's all the more businessy types 
@colbyjanine hey 
@colbywright maybe, but I doubt any of us would admit to it 
@colcoomagnumar I like! You look grumpy tho 
@colcoomagnumar i'm good thanks, can't wait til friday  pleased you're loving the new place, well chuffed for you xxx
@coldboot you got me all excited thinking he actually won a race! 
@coldboymusic thnx 4 the follow 
@coldfumonkeh @marcos_placona @nwootton Which I put my hands up; but didn't help with no spec 
@ColdHearted19 Heyy There  You Alright?..
@ColdHearted19 I'm sure I will...my life is pretty boring! lol 
@ColdHearted19 oh kl 
@ColdHearted19 oh kl i hope it does wot did u put i'll look 4 it 
@ColdHearted19 oh, good  yeah , those virus things :S apparently i send them to people haha
@ColdHearted19 ok  so wuu2?
@ColdHearted19 Was hysterical ha ha hmf..i gave my driver a big tip aswell..he only drove 5 mins up the road..but put the heater on 4 me 
@ColdHearted19 wow!! what kind of dance are you learning? I'll just be online doing my assignment. It's late here &amp; I've no where to go. 
@coldpay Thanks Guy for twittering! Itï¿½s really awesome  Canï¿½t wait too see you guys in Norway this year!!
@coldplay AWESOME concert in Winnipeg!! Plz don't wait 15 years to come back!! My heart thanks you for your beautiful music 
@coldplay concert with my best friend.. She rocks 
@coldplay Could there be a Strokes/Coldplay mashup? 
@coldplay goodnight, guy 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5czjp - I know that view! It that the Loew's on Collins Ave? I lived in Miami for a bit 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Good morning from North Carolina! 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - morning guy 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Morning Guy ^^ It's 2pm in Paris, It's almost a sunny day  Have a great day!
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Morning Guy! Hope you had a good rest 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5o6qh - Not a day off twitter I hope..?  btw, wotcha listening to in those funky earphones..?
@coldplay i love you guys i wish i could go to your concert but u guys sold out you guys rock 
@coldplay it is pretty addicting. 
@coldplay So, when u eat pizza in the states then go home &amp; get pizza, is it...somewhat disappointing?  J/K!  U know I have to mess w/ u! 
@coldplay thanks for the cd! It's amaaaazing 
@coldplay You guys planning to represent us in Eurovision SC next year then...? 
@coldsubject at least you had the decency to wash up before you joined us! 
@coldsubject Got ya one better - $35 for 2 people for 6 days 
@ColdZero2006 will be interested to take a look at the blog, let me know when it's up and running 
@ColeBenjaminH that's why I don't read them; this is my quarter life crisis, not the finish line 
@ColeenRooney good luck with baby  i think you &amp; wayne will be a perfect mum &amp; dad &lt;3
@colefromwpg As long as we're together, doesn't matter where we go!!   I may miss the city. . .But looking forward to a slower pace! 
@colefromwpg Thank you very much! 
@colegroty Grats on the serverizeing!! You'll kick ass. 
@ColeH Hehe. Glad I could amuse. 
@Colemanflorist happy gardening day Joan, I love peonies post some pictures 
@ColeMark lol they are lolworthy ey. 
@colemsprouse i think you and dylan should do a live webcast sometime  that'd be sooo awesome 
@colep010 dont say that! all of it will work out and be worth it in the end  dont give up you know youre better than that
@colesl4w im jealous of ur 2nd hand stick of wax 
@Coleslaw13 dunno if I have FB friend adding enabled - msg me and I'll add u 
@colettea your ticket = sorted  eeee excitedddd!
@Coley81 only karaoke and not that well lol...no, i landed a photo gig for a wedding in august.  I appreciate your help!!
@Coley81 Sweet and carbonated, just like me, lol 
@colezz hahaa, im looking forward to the end of exams so i can watch tv again without feeling bad  but lol, i guess i should read too :S
@colezz lol yeahh cool ok. and im not on msn but i can go on lol 
@colieholmes YAY! You got a twitter! ... now txt updates from ur cell and try to get everyone else to join twitter  ... it's fun!
@ColieM0nster not scared of you either lady!!! 
@colin_jack and you say I am cynical 
@colin_jack It probably would be, but there is a lot of case statements there 
@colin_miller now you're up to speed 
@ColinAnderson1 Seems especially appropriate if you are in AUS 
@ColinAndMitch Are these all quotes? Excuse my ignorance 
@colinbaylen happy birthday 
@colinbaylen who is a young dillan wheeler? Do I win? 
@ColinBoucher I'm very happy  How was first day?
@ColinCurtisKS Haha not so much but I do enjoy going to places like Radinas or Starbucks and I get alt stuff. We should go sometime 
@ColinDog  *lol* yep that's true but he is part dog I think, growls at the postman &amp; plays with other dogs 
@ColinEMurphy I'm so glad someone else remembered about Heidi day 
@colingalbraith thank you.... will tweet all about it after the show tomorrow no doubt  really looking forward to the performance now 
@ColinGPaterson Until this morning, I had no idea Christian Bale was British! Why keep these secrets Colin ? 
@colinhewitt mine's 61, its the pesky helicopters! 
@colinhowe 
@colinismyname wow what a night  Hope you guys get back to LA alright, I had a ton of with yous guys!
@ColinJacksonNZ and keitha says what are you watching 
@colinkelly all the more reason to do ur highers later in life,vodka is a great study aid.45xy + 54pq=a 70 ml measure.I got an A in Maths 
@colinkelly Cannot believe i just added 10 yrs onto my age...i blame the flu medication im taking!! lol Aw love Crazy Nights!! 
@colinkelly i am thinking about making my body is a tentpole also 
@colinkelly love the Manics version 
@colinkelly thanks colin hearing that bad knee Imor not il crawl over the finish line  your a wee star
@colinlefevre YAYYY!!! SOO excited 
@ColinLewis As you know, needs to be more than hope. I need some ACTION traction today. 
@colinlieu what? mine have been.  I know, it can only get better. I will try and sleep tonight if my new baby doesn't wake me every hour!
@colinloretz hah! Thanks Colin. 
@colinloretz oooo a burlesque show?!! if you go please share with us 
@ColinMackay hi 
@ColinMackay I think I left my conference feedback sheet in my bag. Oops. Just say Excellent for everything  Found out about it from you
@ColinMackay your cricket boys giving SA a good go in the T20 World Cup 
@colinmichh thank goodddddness. see you tomorrow 
@colinmlenton at that 10 minute pace, emailing seems simple. (zing) 
@colinpickup Was planning on a media centre type thing 
@colinrcampbell its a possiblility tomorrow may be a beach day i hope 
@colinreidbrown 6 other days a week only for you. 
@ColinScuba  well evening then  hehee
@colinshedden Your life is Greentree once you accept it things will be better 
@colintate  tis the simple things. Oh! I had a Plan. Will divulge more in wordier environment 
@ColinUdeLewis Good list even better if you fit into more than one category  http://bit.ly/Lqnqt  but still need good marketing
@colione Atleast you have Twitter to keep you entertained.   Hope @maryssfromparis arrives safely! 
@colivetree qd souberes comunica 
@coliwilso 
@coliwilso heh yeah! its been a weird collection of movies this weekend 
@coliwilso I wouldn't do it to you hon..not my nature 
@coliwilso sorry don't mean to harp on, I am a non-car driver but am starting work at the Dept of Transport so may gain a new perspective 
@coljac congratulate them on being part of a process that results in delicious burgers 
@COLKNO13 yeah there are a few good ones coming out this summer 
@collabguy Very interesting.  I can't touch type properly, but can see how it would be faster than qwerty. Might give it a go.
@collageartist that's because you look like a model! 
@collazodaniel There you danny, optimism 
@collectiblestv Always welcome 
@collective_soul http://twitpic.com/7f8rx - Now I understand 
@collective_soul I get my hubby to do it for me   hee hee
@collective_soul LOL I was going to say you must really like mustard!  But again, you are so quiet on video - and yet  tweet up a storm! 
@collective_soul LOL! You do look rather cute trying to whack the mustard out of the bottle. Aren't brothers great? You all look happy! 
@collective_soul Long Time fan, Survey wouldn't work for me so.....just thought I would tell ya... 
@Colleen84  Hey where da NuNews? Just viewed jacks stuff (told him to keep cap on LOL) Later  have nice day !
@ColleenBurns and this is why we don't have big dramatic girl fights over boys!!  YAY GO MAGIC!! #BeatLA
@colleencoble WOOHOO...uh, will you then catch up on your &quot;reading&quot;? LOL Not fair to keep me in suspense. 
@ColleenColleen I saw tht earlier!  Good one...
@colleencoover Do you need a lackey for the trip? My lackey skills are surpassed only by my ability to order train tickets in Italian! 
@ColleenCoplick But But But... But... But... words are so unfair. I think this qualifies as a kodak moment! 
@ColleenCoplick I much rather go for a walk in plain daylight  rather than at 12.30AM (even though I live in what is considered safe area)
@ColleenCoplick maybe if you ask the cat very nicely she/he will get the coffee for you. 
@ColleeninCA happy to provide your daily walk down amnesia lane! 
@colleenk thanks! i hope they put more of a narrative of what it's about in the program. 
@ColleenLindsay You're right it is the entire movie.  good one.
@ColleenMick born and raised in a burb of Detroit 
@ColleenMontan i'll be praying that he continues to get better 
@Colleens6677 Red works.  like you said same family.
@colleenwaters That's great! Thanks for helping a sister (I saw you're an AxiD!) out! 
@colleenycakes we best be hanging out tomorrow bestie  OH, and there's a new episode of spongebob everyday untill friday!
@collegeadvice I went on a campus tour and it looked like a country club. 
@collegiate Wowzer! Deep stuff there, but CIS will probably give you more earning potential. 
@collegiate: oh man! thanks for the shoutout! 
@Collette87 Haha, you wish. Some of us are too dedicated to have days off 
@Collette87 Must be a good omen then 
@colliderfrosty I'm so excited!!! 
@collifornia18 i hear yah..if u need anything..u know Im here....ok. 
@Collin_wolfboy how are you? 
@Collin_wolfboy Same, watching a movie and relaxing. i enjoy the feeling  - being free from school for a few days 
@CollingsA Who said that cottage industry is dead? 
@collinjackson wow...how many did you eat?! 
@collins3779 Yes, it's from Val's monologue right before she sings &quot;Dance 10 Looks 3.&quot; And I won't throw stones, to each their own 
@collynx OH LOL  I only had to take math over again one year.
@colmfarl @kieranreid The air conditioning is still on in the office if you want to come back in 
@colmination LoL...Except you would not be Tweeting...on an iPhone in 85 
@colmr it still was worth going to. 
@Colobrad : well MBA is not the correct spelling for common sense. U know they outlawed Obama chia pets  funny funny
@colocelt following your friend since you asked so nicely 
@colocelt I have tried both but Yorkshire GOld is my favorite. We all have our favorites. 
@colocelt lol, oh wait....the time out corner?  I haven't been there yet..lol 
@colocelt My pleasure!! 
@ColombeV lol, about whether or not I stay in London for 3 mote months and also about my pending job offer for Jan 2010 
@ColonelJack I can't think of one my mind shut down.    at least I'm honest  hehe
@ColonelJack yep just past that part.  
@ColoradoFoothil Sure! Lots of money would buy MORE chocolate, lol. (on my diet I get my chocolate fix by tweeting about it 
@colorarmy: I'll keep y'all in my prayers but welcome back to TX  Hope you have a good,safe flight 
@colorava haha. yes,and i'm quite nervous about my first day. oh yes, i really do hope to see you there!  it'll be fun (and nice) 
@colorava You transferred everything from Tootsiepop? haha 
@ColorBakery http://twurl.cc/qs4 Try this page 
@ColorblindFish *can`t wait* 
@ColorblindFish ...kool...have a great show 2nite!!!!!!!  
@ColorblindFish Aw. Too sweet. 
@ColorblindFish AWESOME PIX!!! Thanks 4 sharin'!  WIsh i could be in VA @the show 2nite, but i'm there in spirit, Full Service,baby!
@ColorblindFish Cool!!! Very cool 
@ColorblindFish Cool, gear 
@ColorblindFish cool..... 
@ColorblindFish day-um that's pretty! 
@ColorblindFish Have a good nigtht 
@ColorblindFish Hey Michael, we are gettin excited!!  Nice pic!
@ColorblindFish I can't wait to see what this is going to entail!!!! I can imagine how amazing it's gonna be! 
@ColorblindFish I will be at the Camden show.....I can't wait to see what is in store for us blockheads!! 
@ColorblindFish I'd buy it 
@ColorblindFish I'd get some crab legs AND coconut shrimp! 
@ColorblindFish its an awesome city!!! Have some chowda!!! 
@ColorblindFish It's kind of our thing....we cause destruction on the information superhighway! 
@ColorblindFish LLLOOOOOVVEE the blue Fish!  Great color for you!  Rock that color in Irvine/Vegas please!  
@ColorblindFish noooooo one more day just 1 more LOL call the guys and say they need 1 more day of rehearsing 
@ColorblindFish So glad you did!    Wish we all couldv'e been there, but thanks for keeping us updated!  God Bless!  Love ya 
@ColorblindFish Speedo? Esp 4 ur Cali  dates LOL 
@ColorblindFish tell Jon I'm loving the Tylenol pm too. Really works when u need it 
@ColorblindFish thank u thank u thank u!!! keep em' coming!   
@ColorblindFish wait jones beach! Yup. 
@ColorblindFish Watch out... that @jonathanrknight is a party animal 
@ColorblindFish We like revelations!! U been spending too much time with the boys...Ur all just teases 
@ColorblindFish wishing you a great show tonight! I'll be there in spirit 
@ColorblindFish wow, those really do look like fish! 
@ColorblindFish yay!!!  i'm excited!!! FULL SERVICE!! 
@ColorblindFish You all cozy up in that bus... LOL 
@ColorblindFish You can send me some chocolate milk...don't think I want any warm milk though 
@ColorblindFish You will be a busy man then  Hope you have a great day!
@ColorblindFish you're colourblind though, lol 
@Colorburned my old business card said &quot;Poppen.ca&quot;. I had a few people asking me: &quot;so, do you have a website too?&quot;. Now it's &quot;www.&quot; 
@colorguardbabi8 ur mom told us about ur tryouts... Good luck making Captain honey 
@ColorMeKelly haha i gave that power 
@colormepink621 aww have fun!! 
@colormesunshine  i know what you mean.....i'd love to be by myself right now too.
@colorsblend Hahahaha. I heard. 
@colossalblue Doesn't need moderating at all 
@colossalblue Sweet thank you 
@colour_my_world yeah. stop leaving the state u illegal alien! filipino! im gonna blow up the Philippines! lol. cheese tamales 
@colourfulponies @essieincinci  hey, double the impressive considering that I also haven't been smoking in 4 days.   Thanks!
@colourmatrix13 Nothing much happened.I tweeted a thought,His Holiness went ape &amp; flamed 1/2million nutters + sent them my way 2 rant.End 
@colstewart it's either that or someones turned the brightness and volume up while I slept. Off for a fry-up, to treat alcoholic excess 
@ColtonG hi bb bro, I hope u wake up n find tis reply  u r not talking to yrself *hugssss* I dunno why yr DMs didn't show up in d web..
@ColtPixy No worries. Just slap my thigh and call me Sheila 
@ColtSeaversPS yes i know.  i just no that i have not sent out 1000 invites thou!  - unless their system is borked.
@columalmighty i know! i actually cant wait 
@columbushort Follow Me 
@columbusj23 tell sandra to get off your back and just let us go!!! 
@columbusnet thanks! 
@columnbreak Thanks for the tip Josh, haven't been to Jade Garden!  One of these days we should get a DimSum group together!   #NomNom
@columnbreak What is a &quot;door ding&quot;? 
@colwar booooohoooo you better have a coffee for me  mine is short and black thanx
@comanchris happy #samesexsunday amigo how's it going? 
@comay I've been out-probed 
@comay Thanks, we think so, a real character 
@combustiblesong LOL nope i still feel it inside c: but i don't wanna wake my dad or my cousin up 
@combustiblesong lol the birds? ya, but in the morning they break the noise barrier 
@combustiblesong they have stopped.......for now...the war may have been won!!  i hope so
@combustiblesong well what's everything you like about me?  -egotrip-
@combustiblesong yeah you do. 
@ComcastBill thanks Bill, if you need public testing, let me know 
@ComcastBill Thanks for the help 
@ComcastBonnie Actually, Melissa contacted me, and she's working on getting it resolved! 
@comeagainjen  hi jen!!!  How's your day? 
@comeagainjen  i couldn't have put it any better myself.   haha
@comeagainjen england and it's nearly 8am here, and I'm on the school bus 
@comeagainjen Haha just looked at the price, no I will not! Guess I'll just have to look for a knock off 
@comeagainjen Haha Yeah I Love That Movie 
@comeagainjen http://twitpic.com/61fmq - omd.. i love ur nails! 
@comeagainjen if you dont, neither do i 
@comeagainjen I'm from the land of Aus! Ahaha, how was the dog judging? 
@comeagainjen im not sure that u realize how amazing and talented u are...so im gonna tell you  you are insanely inspiring and beautiful x
@comeagainjen Jenn, I just wanted to say that I think that you're so beautiful! ugh, I seriously love you  &lt;3
@comeagainjen thank you for being so cool and down to earth, in this business, its not easy to come by. you're a breath of fresh air 
@comeagainjen What's your favourite movie of ALL TIME? 
@comeagainjen You are a Christian too? That's awesome!  Are you an Evangelical Christian like the Jonas Brothers? Hehe!
@comeandgoband Fianally it's out! I'm really diggin his new album. I got it on amazon for only $3.99  (http://bit.ly/RyanBinghamDailyDeal)
@comedian cafe, sky dining plangi  http://plurk.com/p/sw17j
@comedy_dave  That was a bit mad like wasn't it Dave?  Simon let us down. He should have growled at her.  #bbt #brats #nosecondchance 
@comedy_dave awwwwwwwwww dont go dave plz 
@comedy_dave saw it's 36 C on pitch. Welcome to Australia! 
@ComedyBint I could have done the same, for a bag chips, with a hammer 
@ComedyBint some of us loyal ones are still here 
@ComedyChannel how bout you follow me, and ill be your 100 
@ComedyQueen all good thanks, any plans today.   
@ComedyQueen byeeeeee 
@comedyqueen dont make plans mite go out tho if i can b bothered 2 get out ma pjs! 
@ComedyQueen don't worry never gonna put anyone in a bin or skip or anything, so safe to come back to the family 
@ComedyQueen lol.: xx not goin to c mates or go out? 
@ComedyQueen right nowi get it.lol 
@ComedyQueen Shiny sparkly #TwitterTakeover 
@ComedyQueen should have had a lie-in like i did.lol 
@comedyqueen sims....wait for it...3!!!! XDXD errm 5 of june 
@ComedyQueen what were the exams? 
@ComedyQueen woop omg as if you feel loved you spoon  and woop they better syay there 
@ComedyQueen yep i do but dont drink that.drink one called macchiato tastes a bit like chocolate.yum 
@comefilljulia Would you please follow me back? 
@comelaong OMG! Did you like Star Trek?! It totally blew my mind. Is it lame that I want to name my first son Spock? 
@ComeOnYouReds sod mountain biking!  Road cycling is where it's at   Just so happens that is the discipline I enjoy 
@cometsawyer that's a good question, i'll find out and let you know 
@comicbookorange Cool! Congrats!  Your show should own YouTube. Love that show! ..Sorry fan-boy moment..
@comicIDIOT I wrote them a haiku. 
@comicmix Sure, make fun of someone's dislexia. Nice. 
@Comixace If it slaking uptown, swing by the bar. 
@Comixace Officially jealous  Its actually pretty hot here in LA
@Commander_Cool yep here's hoping 
@commasplice103 True, LOL, sitting on my ass all day is rather satifying 
@Commendatore &quot;Jesus in the Marmite&quot; to the tune of &quot;Bull in the Heather&quot; perhaps? will get working on it  kx
@CommentLuv that would be fun 
@commercialdeals Hi, I am a creative web designer and would love to work on your project, you can contact me at kumailht@gmail.com 
@commissionedsk SARAH KELLY!!!!!!!! my long lost friend.. not that i lost you.. i should say long found friend. 
@common_hawk Was just wondering about you! Glad you're back 
@Common_Pigeon no i do not have bread crumbs u stupid little bird 
@Common_Pigeon You're quite welcome. 
@CommonCentsMom Hey! Where are you located? I agree wholehearted  How are you?
@commonsense4 Distraction sometimes does help. I have a few shows I watch too that help 
@commonsense4 Just give me a link. I do the rest 
@commonsense4 no I don't think u are perfect!!! I just admire how productive and determined you are 
@commonsense4 ohh, gee shucks. Thanks - hehe! 
@CommREMktgGirl I think we are!! 
@Commsguy yeah I'm doing fine here 
@commtechlaw We used to tell people to do that during sign-up 
@CompanyWoman Here's a link to Keesha's FB page photos http://bit.ly/qjEBj (the boyfriend/fiancee &quot;helps&quot; her type her thoughts.  
@comparativespit #111 thank u for following 
@compassdesign Boxed copies, and they look great 
@compassdesign your teachers would be proud, I'm sure 
@compawemu haha fish sandwich.  that guy was tweaked 
@CompetencyMgmt Thanks! #astd09 was good! Loved the mobile learning booth, but they should definitely be on Twitter. 
@competentgirl Allow me to pour you a glass of wine and shove you unto a recliner. 
@comphelper225 thats a 37&quot; now i have a 42&quot; 
@CompHelperKid you're welcome and thanks for the compliment! 
@compinche Thank you 
@Compl33t Fount  it! SUCH an amateur bug. 
@Compl33t Just... you know, being pedantic on the Internets 
@CompleteBeauty hey you sexy thang 
@completedd hahaha! Seriously it is funny how careful i am. My head is spinning. 
@CompleteMachine Check anon_lovefest. 
@ComplexDiamond It's all good, I retweeted it and got caught up!! No biggie 
@ComplexMixShow killed it on the turn tables!! and @BootlegKev has sum little hoes screamin 4 him hehehe 
@ComplicatedMama @Toni_GPB I will have to add you to my facebook list!  #oscarmayer #bluebox
@ComplicatedMama LOL yea your welcome  #bluebox
@ComplicatedMama Thanks - will check it out  
@ComplicatedMama Well if you have four..it is definitely a collection 
@ComptonAssDeezy see you later! 
@ComputerArts  Kjell Ekhorn, and Jon Forss   are the two members! 
@ComputerArts Thank you. I appreciate it.  Contact me so I can send you my adress. 
@computergrl123 lol I always play it on my iPod 
@computermilk bonus point if you know him 
@compwright I spotted your addiction  Featured here: http://ykyat.com/~37yj7
@ConanO_Brien your welcome  your family is awsome 
@conartist4 Muahaha! I win! We need to go to Montrï¿½al and have official poutine, lol. Hmm, poutine! 
@Conayeah relax cona!!!...  you think that he will remember you tomorrow? and I'm in a breake.. now I go to eat the dinner 
@conc3p  &quot;I want him to watch&quot; + &quot;I want him to scream&quot;
@conceived Quick put a patent on the iPhone rubber idea 
@concertchristal agh! lucky!! lol feel free to text me pics! hehe 719 371 0752 if you can that is.. 
@concertreviewer u r correct!  should b earthquake reviewer! 
@conchordcon all signed up!  G'nite!
@conchordcon Did you get my DM about the website? I've got it started  Just need some filler now...do you know of a place host the site?
@conchordcon Spill the details, Nicole!  I'm dyin here!!
@conchordgirl haha, I wasn't complaining! 
@Concreteangelx7 LMAO at that! 
@Concreteangelx7 your boy really does have a great laugh! 
@ConcreteSam, meet my friend @cholle2001.. 
@Condawg I love how I was just like ooh btw I'm a beast  and he was like i was jking!
@conepa Sounds like heaven!   Hope you enjoy.
@confessing7girl oh sure, i will join the chate 
@confidental247 that's awesome! i can't wait to see the videos you guys out up 
@confidential247 haha  i saw some of your videos .. like the davedays room one.
@confound that is not the advice my mother gave me 
@confused_sarah trend whore 
@confusedCoyote oh for me to destroy  I want some bits to take pictures of.
@ConfusedKev_TT Done 
@confuzzleds yes! haha, i have so many addictions. but of course Paramore is the no. 1 on my list. 
@CongoTwitt we'll work out the details 
@CONGRATULATIONS! 
@conkinho apparently the housemates wer all picked from youtube...should be fun 
@conlank and i loved it for that reason. 
@connectedwomen Not yet. 
@ConnectGirlz Tomorrow. Fiesta Village. And we're leaving like @ 12!!! 
@connection : I've done it. Twitter for us is ready  Let's rock!
@connermoo He's always fucking mumbling! I can't understand shit he says half the time! Just disagree with everything he says 
@ConnexMelbourne awesome thanks 
@Connie_Tebyani LOL...Well, that would have been more honest. 
@Connie321 Yeah!! We should plan to celebrate together sometime! 
@connieaw very cute, thanks for the link 
@ConnieBrockway Oh please. Dark romance. I love me some dark romance. Just the kind of news to make my bad day better 
@ConnieGreen  #powerblog What is this powerblog challenge you keep talking about?  I'm a newbie follower 
@ConnieGreen @ZnaTrainer @prosperitygal  Yes we must have fun no matter what 
@ConnieGreen check your DMs  
@ConnieGreen That certainly flew by, didn't it? 
@conniehlim it's what a waste of a TWIT. sheesh you don't deserve to tweet..haha 
@ConniePowers you need to see the movie Taken! Maybe we can rent it next weekend when I come home  love youuuu
@ConniePrays I went to their website &amp; it looks like a really good ministry! 
@conniereece Yes, the reality of earning income often gets in the way. You will finish it some time though, I'm sure of that 
@Connl I can't see your profiles, because I'm online via my phone, maybe I'll see your profile if online via pc, but I like your picture 
@connoraa haha yess. It was just odd seeing a lock on your updates I was like NOOO what's he doing with his life! Congrats on having a gf 
@ConnorJack ooh i love the top one 
@ConnorJack thats fine thank you for doing that for me! 
@ConnorJack This is a first for me as well 
@connorpj1 Yeah. 
@connrawr If i buy a plane ticket i'm the one coming there! 
@Connyyy that sounds awesome  nd Id suggest we should b the 1st 1s 2 hear the band singing somethin ;) wenn wir eh schon eingeplant sind.
@ConOat sorry, I was too busy placing my order... AT BIWA 
@Conorgs gimme link wanna see it 
@conoro Thanks for link to Silicon Republic piece, and for making an example of us 
@conpie everyone follow connal because she is aamazing, and i love her 
@Conrad0509 Awww..Well Im glad you enjoyed yourself out here 
@ConradGrills For flock's sake  No, but Sturbs is at base camp. I ought to tweet him and get him to see what he can do about - what?
@conradhilton  HEY BBM?
@conradjohnson81 Adam has offically been introduced!  U guys have fun!! I know em and I will!
@ConradKelly mix it altogether. Use nesquik! 
@conradrad Missed those on the Ideal World shopping channel (rejected by #Apprentice candidates).  He'll have to make do with the cats 
@Conscious_MC YVW...like the sound 
@consciousstream Come to Tryst in an hour, I'll buy you a cookie 
@ConservaTeacher Things move fast! Sometimes I can actually hang in there for a while! 
@ConservativeLA &quot;I turned off my XM bluegrass...&amp; 14sec in I couldn't breathe&quot; My work here is done then 
@ConservativeLA That is the sweet, sweet stuff my friend! We had a local gypsy swing band 4tet play our wedding: 'twas &quot;the shiz&quot;! 
@consolemonster We shall sort something out tonight or tomorrow  :p
@constantinmusic 
@ConsumerQueen I think its wat U *wont* B doing: break'n up arguments, pick'n up after &amp; dealing with the (even tho sometimes fun) CHAOS! 
@consumingtheart No, Dusty! My furry kid 
@contactabe Very true that! 
@contactarts nice to see you on flickr! http://www.flickr.com/photos/contactarts 
@Contra_tss Yeah, but they building a train &amp; there's always some thangs wandering around that airport &amp; the hotel is inside the airport 
@ContrabandKing Morning!!!  Hope you are doing GREAT!
@contractorslim it's food. lol. rice, peas, and either chicken, beef etc cooked together in one pot. 
@controlenthused thats funny! Toronto is on my list of places i want to go! if we put Toronto on our visit map, you'll b the first invite 
@controversleigh no but some sushi will 
@Convergecult Ooooh... there's a new Doomriders on the way? Awesome! Tell those boys to get to Toronto. 
@ConversationAge iPhone-therefore-I-Twitter field: But of course. All the finest UIs are doing it. 
@ConversationAge Thanks for that! Enjoy the long weekend  #followfriday
@ConversationAge Yes, I will email you tomorrow. I have been rushed the last few days. 
@convexoz  yep, cant remember the next bit, aha
@cooan - That's what I thought, but it was surprisingly good. The company makes a ton of weiiird chocolates. 
@cooan I musn't have swine flu yet then  How is B going? Are you holding up?
@Coogiman Ahaha bountiful though? U sure? I just be rapping...Im waiting for someone to tell me to shut the fck up. But thank you honey! 
@cookanddate I'm obsessed  Have fun on St. Laurent
@cookie_box Kind of... Going home to mum's for summer brake and work 
@cookie_fan sorry to hear that EJ... i am sure your grandma will love it 
@Cookie_Michelle bahaha awesome 
@cookie6151 i think you got the wrong spencer there....lol. he's @spencerpratt. and he's your new bff. haha 
@cookiedorksx3 Me too,but i'm goitn to go to shower!And cleanin' up my room and later eat somethin' 
@cookiejac have a feeling he's picky  but yeah
@cookielovesb Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@cookiemonsta500 @darker_artic morning 
@cookiemonster75 ciao sevda.thank you so much for your words and prayer.I feel so helpless but i'm passing him my huge love at least. 
@cookiemonster82 anti  mashaAllah you're good still ;)
@cookiemonster82 ohhh yea it is from the same film  and this one had been a fave for a longgggg time... any1 for humma humma?
@cookiemonster82 Very nice 
@cookiepusher don't think....do. 
@cookierita Your Pooh cookies were incredible! 
@CookiesAndJava emails seem to be working now 
@cookiesncakes it was good! thanks for reading and let us know how it turns out when you make it 
@cookiessx3 i missed ya faaaay  how's the trippp?
@cookiethief3 dude heck yeah I'm going! I'll be at the Nashville one  I got VIP tickets! YAY!!!!!
@cookiewagsf I will see u then 
@CookiezMaMa living here for now. and working here  cut came out just as I wanted it.. posted a pic earlier..course u couldn't see it well
@CookiezMaMa luck is one makes for himself  I plan on working to achieve it . I mean, ain't that the way it should be done?
@CookiieMonstaar yeah, I love dedicated ppl, ppl who are living on what they're doing, ppl, like Shane, J, Tomo! 
@Cooking_Light Anytime. 
@CookingGranny morning 
@CookingGranny well.. two more years of highschool.. ha ha ha but done for this grade ten season 
@cookingstudent I like a cookbook w pics. Color, with many stages.  I like to see what the food is suppose to look like when complete.  
@cookingwithamy @coconutlime thanks ladies! i'll be keeping it coming 
@cookingwithamy It's not that much of a challenge when I have such great options at my disposal. 
@CookinSoul Cot Dayyuuuummmm son! That was a quick turnaround ... Checking out your mash up now 
@Cookleta hahah tht's they i am... 
@cookleta heyy ian..have a gud nite  sleep tite byee
@Cookleta i'm off to watch it too byee..zara really tensed me sumthing to get my mind off  byeee
@cookoorikoo@leavesofglass:  Thank youse, ladies, thank you 
@cooksarah Its festival, not fesitival.  Must be a GOOD ONE!! 
@cooktobang thats right! go, go, go go. 
@coolandhip not too much I'm not shameless about. Bwhaaha! 
@CoolB I decided not to watch yet.  I think I fell asleep by 2 or 2:30  Glad your night got a little better!
@coolbreezz  yeah, a drumstick and some mac-n-cheese'll get ya two rooms  cleaned top to bottom... LOL.
@coolcat226 like that!  why?
@coolcatteacher I've heard of some of the people at Hacking Education. Impressed with those few I've met. But you and I were not there so 
@coolcupcakee o mai reading = fun lol &lt;_&gt; , congrats on gradz  , now to play some COD
@CoolerThanYu y soulja boy not on that list  LOL
@coolgavin Goodgoodddd   Maybe youu should follow David Henrie aswell - hes pretty cool x
@CoolGuyJimmAy @Tuanz0 I love you guys too  but its on hold until tues
@coolisoverrated LMAO U ARE TO CUTE NAW ...U NOT 
@cooljazzi1994 BUT omg...!! on a positive note... alexis bledel's gonna be in a new movie!!!! it's called post grad 
@cooljunk ahhhhh. weirdo 
@coolkidftw you explained. i laughted at your missery  see good bestfriend i am!
@coolkidstar08 k ill be home in a lil bit so expect a call 
@coollike Ahhh Please post another oneee  x
@coollike BYE Charlers 
@coollike FAIL 
@coollike good luck for the flight!  try and get looooaaads of sleep, works for me.
@coollike have fun charlie 
@coollike Hey Charlie, I would like to challenge you to find out something random and unknown about Final Fantasy XIII whilst at E3. 
@coollike http://twitpic.com/4jg09 - haha she looks a little like u charlie lol 
@coollike http://twitpic.com/5dc1e - Come to the dark side. we have cookies!  haha I love the picture  I love your wall!
@coollike http://twitpic.com/7hfcd - What a cutie  but that is frankly amazing.
@coollike i have ABSOLUTELY no interest in gaming but you make me laugh all the same so i thought why not subscribe? haha 
@coollike Oh please film as you go! People won't care, just tell them it's for Britain's Got Talent or Expenses Scandals 
@coollike thanks for adding me on xbox livee 
@coollike Thanks for that, I had no idea about the existence of Twitpic! 
Got some new clothes and a bag  Going home now.
Got some new pet fish 
got some new shoes on and suddenly everything's... painful. Wearing them in, they'll stretch in time  Stupid mid-size feet.
Got some sleep at last! Good 
Got some tiki stuff and a hawaiian skirt for the project 
Got some time check out http://www.ted.com/ Amazing stuff 
Got something u want or need?? Place a wanted ad on www.chekkout.com Log on to learn more in FAQ 
got sony sound forge to work  now if i can get recycle to work its a wrap.
got sqlite working in my c# app 
Got stuck, went for walk in the rain, got inspired, back @ the office... wet 
got sum sweet pics of the storm 2nite!! 
Got sussed what im doing when I leave school 
got that Friday feeling!     
Got that Friday feeling...on a Monday?? 
Got that new &quot;i'm a single girl&quot; swagg! 
got that right Gokh 
Got that song wild horses in my head from the geoge straight show the other night.  Do you think George did OK..Jamie Foxx surprised me.. 
Got the 1st practice for drama in this group  its fun!! and they are sooo friendly xD
Got the AAA books to start reading through for the trip to AZ  I want so bad to camp in Catalina St Park while I'm there...
got THE best mothers day present from Tys. It made me cry uncontrollably, and it wasn't a present 
Got the best news today! From steph yay we get a whole another week to work on this darn design project  yay!
Got the blog up. What about vlogs? Suggestions? Visit www.weatherobsessed.com and email me. 
Got the bookshelf delivered!   Sorry IKEA for my disbelief....  Now, off to bike workshop.  
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/13fSrY
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/1a9JPO
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/p1iiR
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://tinyurl.com/c9ryqc
Got the cake on my nose. 
got the call- hittin' the road 
Got the cars cleaned out (Saturn &amp; Escort). Now going to put them up for sale...  Looking to get another car sometime this year. 
got the coolest rings for her birthday  all is well
Got the couch in the apt thanks to a very strong and kind neighbor.  Set it up with lots of pillows. Sooo compfy! Now for some wii. 
Got the dogs at the groomer, and cable lady just got here. The life of the unemployed!!  
got the feeds working on the website.   Time to rejoin the world
Got the final results...everything is all good 
got the flip flops off showing off the FRESH champagne pedure 
Got the girls groomed today and they look awesome. Check out Facebook for pictures. 
got the hiptop back. i missed youuuuu  about fifty unread msgs lol
got the job  $15 an hour, 40 hours a week. Life is good 
Got the job at kohls woo hoo so I'm gettin my drug test right now 
got the job at miyakos!!!  thanks to winnie
Got the leases to go over! Its OUR flat nic!! Only 675 for deposit too! 
Got the little one down for a nap, Mommy's nap time too!!  
got the message from business that they are happy now with the delivery 
Got the most amazing haircut today...at a barber shop! Spent the rest of the day cardmaking...so sleepy from Komen's walk! Night all 
got the new Green Day album today!  It's very good! I give my recommendations 
got the rock climbing girls number at the zoo   behold the power of cute lil twin cousins
Got the sample data in my listbox   http://bit.ly/dHuaN
got the snowboard under my feet  love it!
got the tickets!! Woo 
Got the unlimited  paid the lady 65 I still owe her 10. I'm missing a 20 ):
got the vocals today .. gonna be finishing up the new track 
Got the wifi network interference w/ phones fixed by switching the network to a different channel. Thx to those who gave advice on this. 
Got the WORST migraine at skool 2day.A bit dramatic I no but it hurt!Had 2 go home early 
Got them blink 182 tix 
Got there vs a 71 card mirror! I had the windbrisk into overrun, then topdecked the wrath to take it home. 4-0 
Got this amazing dress and shoes 
got this from @romina08 watch the whole thing or else you'll miss the specialness of the vid.  http://bit.ly/Bta0T
got this twitter here 
got tickets to All Star Mr &amp; Mrs today!! 
got to Ann taylor- scored a great pair of jean and cute yellow top. Might hit another location tomorrow. 
Got to do character profiles today and finish all my notes. Good news is, holiday in 10 days 
Got to drive home in the rain  it was awesome. The lightning is beautifulllllll!
got to get ready 
Got to go food shopping.  ick.  Then come home and clean up the glass area - aka the dinning room.  
got to go home early yay!!  i might regret that move when i c my paycheck
Got to go lunch is calling!!! 
got to go out on the bike with the BF today! First real ride of the season for me. It was fun! 
Got to go to SSF, and today's special is Shrimp Sandwich at Little Lucas. It's looking like the start of a great day 
Got to go to Tesco soon, love going there on a Sunday.  Nice to get out the house at least once a week 
got to go to the concert   
GOT TO GO..  
Got to go.I have to sleep.Going somewhere with the family this weekend!Have to leave early.I hope I'll have time to be online tom. 
Got to hang out with four bulldog puppies today  http://tinyurl.com/qnvdlu
Got to hear a live stream with @imogenheap, how cool is that? I love her. I Love Twitter 
got to help get the motorcycle running tonight, that was a lot of fun... even tho i didn't really do anything other than hand him tools 
got to hold and cuddle a 8lbs, 1 day old baby today!!!!!!  
got to ikea tonight withOUT my wallet. nicely done, lc. BUT had a plenty productive day &amp; a wonderful artistic evening with @ashleecloud 
Got to know a Japanese guy which is awesome!  I've been Honolulu for 4 days. Time wasn't enough. I kind love this place.
Got to laugh, I have a six yr old monarchist preparing party games to celebrate Queen's Birthday W/end. Any excuse for a party for her 
got to learn for the exams tomorrow!! (gosh, how many times that i should mention that to my self !? :p) well, bye.. 
Got to loooooove life!!. Love you real ones....&amp; really love you phony ones!!  yesssssss
Got to loving the Cheesecake Fantasy ice cream from Cold Stone thanks to a certain angel... 
Got to meet J.R. Richards, the lead singer of dishwalla 
got to meet the boyfriend's g-parents tonight  went to dinner... turns out jessica is his g-ma's favorite name... figures &lt;3
Got to open the lion king show with ryan as the whole crowd cheered for our engagement. It's always fun to be the center of attention 
Got to pet a puppy along the way 
Got to play &quot;she wants to move&quot; on NERDs drumset 
got to play in the marshfield high alumni rugby game... w/ all boys ;p and as a flanker... yessssss 
Got to reboot my iMac just did a software update 
Got to remember that I should go to the Perfoming Arts Centre by 6pm 
Got to see @PDAonline &amp; @mattlip for a minute as well.  Aaah, I've missed everyone!  
got to see 2 of my favorite guys back on long island  heading back to the city tomorrow or monday to be with the boyfriend! &lt;3
Got to see Deadpool ending to Wolverine.  I certainly hope they make a Deadpool movie, Ryan R is funny and very easy on the eyes.  
got to see her mom and sister after all and they love her boyfriend!... now just kicking it eating Erbert's and drinking grape soda 
Got to see Wolverine today.  Such an awesome movie!  I also got to play DDR and Singstar with friends.  What a fun night! 
Got to sleep in til little after 9... Hope the lock in was good! Its PROM DAY 
got to sleep in! feelin great  bout to work a 12 hour shift yeeppyy lmfao
got to study history now. the JB album is distracting me. it's just too good xD ok, I'm gonna focus on history now and be a good girl 
got to take @bajb clothes to post office, then off to work, looking forward to curry later 
got to talk to @ThiaHeartsNick yaaayyy  #BSB
got to talk to cory tonight. 
got to talk to her booo and is now super happyyyy with lifeee  haha JULIEEEEEE
Got to talk to Joe Champion after church. @dinorizzo he was talking about you, that's all I'm gonna say 
Got to the soccer game 78 degrees, left the soccer game 61 degrees.  Gotta love Indiana 
got Tour 110, yey! thanks Karla, savior! 
Got triple head running on #LOTRO at 4240x1050 
Got twitter on her phone 
Got two @johncmayer dvds for my birthday from @thingone89  LOVE IT so much 
Got Two Aquariums for the fish living in the office. Created a micro-habitat for the fish with lots of pebbles, stones and drift wood 
got two fun shirts today... and hung out with my bestest... always a good thing 
Got two injections and an A*  but then, it seems I no longer have a seat with those people. True friends. Right.
Got two miles in at the track yesterday. My knees ache a little but I feel good. 
Got two more stamps on my Paddy coynes Irish club list. Good to go  - Nate Jeezy
got two pairs of glasses for A LOT cheaper than I got for the one pair I bought  about 4 years ago.  Thanks Costco! 
Got two spots open now 
Got up an hour early to take a shower and get some cleaning done... Now I'm sitting on the computer not being productive... oh well 
got up and watched Sisterhood of the travelling pants..again  need to get ready but theres a script video exclusive-i am weak!!
got up at 8 today, yay 
Got up at 8:45 instead of 6:30. That's okay, because I think I needed the extra sleep, and it's still better than 11:30.  #PABL
got up early this morning  the insomnia kicks in again!
Got up early to write story with Dannie. Get on MSN Dannie! Hehe  x
got up early, no traffic jams, got to work early, coffee tastes good... good morning indeed! 
Got up far too early this morning... need to get ahead of the day 
Got up from my nap feelin' fine 
Got up listening to Lifehouse. Fine saturday 
got up this am at 3 and went to kc  crown center for mom to run in hospital  hill run. stopped by lawrence at applebee's  on way home. 
Got up to work online, but I don't feel well so just surfing the internet listing to gospel music, hope morning is more enlightening....  
Got up way to late today ... now catching up on the news 
got up way too early this morning... son has a baseball game and I wanted to make sure i had twitter and coffee time before we go 
Got Via Spiga Sandal Pumps &amp; feel better about my failed manual transmission lesson. Cute Shoes makes it all better  http://bit.ly/1IQoy
got wat to do music for my secret plus you can download from phone   yay
got wifi from politehnica  .. richard  stallman presentation
got wir amphetameanies ticket  yayyy!!
Got woke up at 7:45 and am now knacked.  Editing another film 
Got woken up so early shessh I'm a tad exited graduation today. 
Got work experience at radio 1 thanks to @sra and ben cooper 
Gota b lil waynes biggest fan  YOUNG MOONLIGHT BABY!
Gotcha! Note to self. Delivery. @Mrs_T_2U &amp; @jamesetolbert although, I don't think I delivered it THAT badly.I'll pay better attention 
Goth night tonight 
Gothenburg tomorrow 
Gots me my Blink tickets for the Calgary show! WOOHOO! 
Gots my morning coffee and my favorite target peoples in today  Good morning San Diego.
gots my phone calll  cheesin. meltin wits luv
gots myself a job lol.  lots of money  xo
gots to go.. eat lunch. 
gott some music onn 
Gotta be as spontaneous as Miami rain!  Change of plans and going with the moment...
Gotta be at church by ten for camera meeting  Finally!! =D lol
Gotta be flexible in life. If you get lemons, you make lemonade.  Oo or can you make limoncella?
Gotta Be Up @ Ready For 8am - ALevel Exam 2Mora. Fun Times. Anyways, Im Off To Sleep  Night xx
Gotta BIG UP all them clubs that have serato built in already and has a nice spot for laptops, they understand DJ's 
Gotta buy some onesies for my besties lol ah Yea!  at the club having a grand ol time
gotta carry on working now will tweet later or maybe tomorrrow. byeee  x
Gotta charge my batteries for Mount Vernon tonite.  It's a rare opportunity to be in there after dark...  #photog
gotta clean the bathroom and then hit the gym 
gotta earn them keys  
gotta find the hole first. came home from the store to find all the water runnin out of it. eBaby 
Gotta get a couple of hours of sleep In before tomorrow, its gunba be a long but GREAT day 
Gotta get Amberlicious 4 yall 
Gotta get back to writing.  Focus on the goal at hand... focus... focus...  Ciao, Twitters.  
Gotta get creative with these mothers day gifts. I'm gonna win them over with my love!! 
gotta get ready fer tha open houses  ahh!!
Gotta get ready for a hopefully amazing day  &lt;3
gotta get ready for cats... however first i think i shall watch the twilight comentary &lt;3 
Gotta get ready for church - somehow, they want you in clothes other than my jammies   - later -
Gotta get ready for my class.  I still get butterflies on the first day of class.  I'm such a nerd. 
Gotta get some rest. This was truly an awesome day.  fb pics up tomorrow! ;)
Gotta get the music to @IamWaveyK so she has no excuse in the am then I'm goin to take a nap @shelina456 don't be spread out on the bed! 
Gotta get up @4 an walk for relay,ugh I don't wana,I'm so sore,so sick,can't stand it,I'm just gonna lay here an cuddle wit ma Teddy  LOL
Gotta get up 4work 2ma...about 2 watch HE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO YOU and eat ice cream and fall asleep! 
Gotta give a shout out to my peeps in Calgary and Edmonton! Such nice people 
Gotta go cook dinner. Steaks, asparagus, new potatoes, good friends and copious amounts of wine 
gotta go hunt woth kachiri now buh bye 
Gotta go luv u all but i love @souljaboytellem more 
Gotta go pick up MC Lee.   He's at his *new* gf's  ... In Long Beach :-0
gotta go to bed! Early morning! Work to do 
Gotta go to bed!! Im so tired, but there is another good movie on!! Ack. Well nighty night everyone, sleep tight!! 
gotta go to the church, say sorry for my sins 
Gotta go to the gym...Tweet later on the tube 
Gotta go! Cooking something with Samster... don't know what yet though. 
Gotta go! My Akitas are waking up and they are hungry! Everyone have a wonderful day. Pray for peace &amp; offer a hand to someone in need 
Gotta hate it when a site's performing maintenance. Then again, it's for the greater good, right?  Off for a shower. 
Gotta have dinner  Baked chicken + Mash 
Gotta have my &quot;Jackpack&quot; b4 I leave 
gotta hit the hay y'all. big day with the kiddos 2maro. i love being a mommy  much love-- lil
Gotta interview in two hours  to work in the mall 
Gotta jet, loves! I'll tweet later! 
gotta leave for school in 20 minutes...i love it when i can start my day calmly and peacefully 
gotta love blond moments 
Gotta love chilling in the sun with the iPod full of JB songs and a glass of wine! 
Gotta love it when a woman calls you a &quot;dork&quot;.  
Gotta love jet lag - been for run and it's still only 6.15  Concierge says I've done 3 miles in 22 minutes, shame that it's impossible...
gotta love lazy days   Although I am kinda lonely...
Gotta love Monday mornings when you know its your last one!!! 
gotta love my mac photobooth - http://twitpic.com/5ohgu - i can play with it all day 
Gotta love pirated movies 
gotta love sleep  still working on &quot;The Inner City V3&quot;
Gotta love the Top 10 EPSN baseball meltdowns...we need to find the top 10 corporate meltdowns   http://kl.am/ryz
gotta love these little girLs! My lil traviesas Lol  off to bed wOrLd. Workk manana  gnite http://mypict.me/400e
Gotta love this song. A very toned down Pink!  ? http://blip.fm/~6t18m
Gotta love Tim and Lars!!  ? http://blip.fm/~63k8j
Gotta love twitter wars.  4 boobs? Soggy boners? Doesnt get much better!
gotta luv brokeback mountain, lol..
gotta make it through this week and then its the beach  
Gotta make some EO oil. Speakin' of oil, @jamieallison is that bumper sticker supposed to be arrogant or humorous, d'ya think? 
gotta pee  then goin outside for a cig
gotta revise for taekwondo exam/grading , ttyl twitterbobzZ  , wish me luck x @squarespace #squarespace
Gotta run and get a dress....actually two dresses!!! Yay 
Gotta run out for a few. Funnybunny (my rabbit) Needs food. Back soon.  
gotta say, &quot;Up&quot; was predictable, but funny 
gotta say..i think &quot;hey baby&quot; is my favorite on the album #lvatt  i love it.
gotta sleep. its 1.15 am, byeeeee Twitterworld. seeya tomorrow 
gotta smoke my nightly cigarette... ya'll gonna care one day. when im in hollywood you are gonna wanna know when i take a shit 
gotta start getting ready to head out to antioch soon  sushi today? yes thats one my goals to complete today lol
Gotta start my diet... after Celebrity Apprentice 
gotta study for english exam, but i'll wait a cupple of hours 
gotta study for my test Greek tomorrow. So glad I got over my sleep, coz I was dead tired 1 hour ago 
Gotta take Ashar Prayer now! 
gotta wait til' 4 for Mileys announcement  i think thats about right
Gotta wake up for church later. Good night! 
gotta walk the dogs, run, shower, laundry, go to Bowie bestbuy. set up voicemail.....kick it wit A 
gotta walk to the bus stop today  gonna go... If you only knew by savanah
gotta wash my sunday best  full laker reppin tonight
Gotta work in an hour. my ears are still ringing. oh and i want to sleep for another 10 hrs  hope yall have a great day!
@coollike thought I might show my 'TARDIS'd' out ipod http://twitpic.com/3na07 
@coollike u're the coolest Charlie! see ya next year! 
@coollike woohoo 
@Coollike you better be taking me :/ or no tea for you!!! :'/ ill film 
@coolmiss22 GOOD! haha.. :dugo: what are u doin right now? hahaha,, natatawa ako. 
@coolmiss22 hey joanne  should i welcome you here in twitter )
@coolmom823 ohhh Emily.  My mom would be the same way.
@coolmyheart, @m_neko, @iamlols - Jo has class for an hour on Saturdays. But I think Saturdays are do-able. 
@cooloutrageous, you need those carbs, Brotha. I told you not to hurt nobody, now. 
@coolrelaxed yeah I have a lot of hair and its not pieces I bought from the beauty supply store 
@COOLSEX i hope it! thanks 
@coolstkidevr Haha no prob.  it was funn xP
@Cooluck ???? ???? 
@coolvsratednext Hey you, what's up this morning? 
@coolvsratednext thank you  &amp; no problem
@Coolz0r Congrats with all the media exposure! I hope you'll find a great job soon. 
@coolzebras Don't worry--we library types tend to like to track things down.    http://bit.ly/Aw4BI
@coonassdotcom Good Morning  How are you?
@CoonawarraK Have fun! 
@Cooncatt  I try to be objective! Course, I only review movies that I'm interested in so there will always be a level of fandom in there.
@coooties me too 
@coooties thanks sooo much  and thanks for the comment :]]
@Cooper_Pug Cooper, Scout was just hoping you were hiding out in my suitcase 
@cooperhawkes Don't lie, you can't live without mass effect 2 
@CooperHawkes I feel like a kid on Christmas waiting to see what he might get  - Tony
@CooperHawkes Replied'd...'d 
@cooperM Room for one more!  
@coopermays Thank you!! I'm hoping for a good day, too. 
@coopersvictim Silent Hill rocks! Do you have a fave one? 
@coopertracy   Sorry, we'll try to keep it down.  
@coosbaytv @khrisloux feel free to email the request directly to me - chris@js-kit.com for help with JS-Kit 
@Cooterjoe: yes, you MUST keep me tweeted! 
@copacetique Received your note along with Poladoodles. Thanks! Btw, you have the cutest handwriting I've ever seen. 
@COPBlog thank you doll I do to 
@CopTheTruth  I just like to have fun 
@copyblogger M&amp;M's = Music and Marketing 
@copywrite awe looooove! the only bitch u aint fucked who loves ya like she has lol, I'm high n drunk but I'm kumn from the heart 
@coqilholiq jiaelah,g jg x.kn ma l jg xD.kbtln aj l nglyt tweet-an qt.yeph,totally right @ryanwaynefarro 
@coquetteries okay sounds good... we'll just get popping corn yea 
@CoquitoQueen Its not very fair havin to work saturdays, i feel bad now cos i'm going to unleash the force at the may day rave 
@Corabell23 not a fan of hers?  I do love some BAG though! 
@coraldragon Well I'm down here (for the moment at least). We should find a way to hang out sometime. 
@coralfish http://twitpic.com/6iqyo - You're sexy 
@coralie77130 Me Too It's So Much Fune specially as I am with Taylor and U with Rob. It's nico to dream 
@coraline73 @jasonwebley My thoughts exactly 
@coraline73 Thank you! If I'd had good sense, I'd have done this all back in my 20s. Didn't have good sense. Am now wearing out my 40s. 
@corani but that wouldnt be a problem too; since that would be 5pm overhere... 
@corb_ I heart sa-ra and taz esp! What have u been up to?? U betta be coming to every single party this week! 
@Corbin__ maybe i can help. though im just nothing. maybe i can help you. 
@corbinbleu are you with or close to zac? 
@CorbSilverthorn I'm a champion fumbler of words.  I know how it is 
@corcoran I work for a small, independant business; one of my greatest delights is mocking software vendors without consequence. 
@corcoran You tell me, is he?  Everything is here: http://twtvite.com/jl5172
@Cordobes32 Thats impossible. EVERYONE can dance.  And its also fun and good exercise. I just wish i had more time to do it.
@Cordobes32 u should listen To his new single heart on my sleeve  www.myspace.com/michaeljohnsmusic
@Cordobo hey, thank you! 
@coredumpcr Bill Maher &amp; George Carlin = gods 
@coren42 There was a time when I had more plays than the creator of the site. But that was years ago. Im no sure anymore 
@Corenna_52 no, I will have to try them!!     
@coreyanderson @kravmascara Thank you for the #FollowFriday shout out!  
@coreyanderson Oh I will  It's my 1st Buccos game of the season so my jersey is getting its 2nd wear after opening day haha
@coreyanderson Thank you! Thank you! I need all the luck &amp; good wishes I can get for my interview. 
@coreyburres Yup.  And you come in late most mornings.   I think it balances out. 
@coreyfreeman patience my dear.  Maybe I can show tomorrow....hrmmm.
@coreyfrey from 1 TXn 2 another thanks 4 the follow I have 2 warn tho SF 49er fan since 1980 family cowboy fans celebrate superbowls solo 
@coreygledhill haha, no, they're funny.  I like hearing what people reading have to say, so it's totally fine 
@coreygledhill will do once I finish 
@coreyhaines @lisacrispin very true 
@coreyhaines Did you say things like, @rdempsey you are full of crap?  Sounds like a natural thing to say. 
@coreyhaines well if you're ever headed back to the west coast, hit me up. I have a tiny place, but we can hack and hang out at the beach 
@CoreyQuinones you don't have a real reason to think they are gay?  your just mad that Taking BAck sunday is better than you... 
@CoreysAbs I got 397$ on the abortion 
@CoreyVidal http://twitpic.com/61ceb - Hey! Better the full page spread than that dinky space for CATS 
@coreyweb Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@Corfijneman hmm i see a conspiracy in last fridays dj contest ;) I should have bring a jupiler truck for you guys then 
@Cori09 smh....u crushin on gay guys  http://bit.ly/1DgOYa
@CoriandrExpress would you like me to make you an avatar? 
@corie_michele but sometimes not having to say nice things all the time is kinda fun  *teehee*and now I'll put this back on as well *halo*
@corie_michele http://twitpic.com/50sor - No joke!  Gorgeous 
@corien Thanks Corien! &lt;3 It was taken at Wolverhampton, opening night of the last tour 
@corienb @groovekittie Nothing wrong with that! I'd rather look at a pic for a second than watch an hour of mediocre tv though 
@coriluvnthedon perfect! # 3 is my favorite number 
@Corina_Kane YUSSSS!  I've been okay?  Schools a bitch, but what can ya do about it?  Hows life on your side of town?
@CorinaBecker Oh, yeah!  I remember those, too.    I used 'em back in the day.
@CorinCole url to the get psyched mix? 
@corinh Hey! just saw you are using Riedel glasses tonight also - only the best for @fiascowines eh  #TweetBunchNZ
@CorinnaHoffman Have a Happy Anniversary! 
@corinne_johnson nope! just chillin', checking in on blogs...mainly the party, lol and making some things!  we went out sat nite
@corinnedekker hi again, sorry was going to pass on your email to my assistant (Rel and Soc) and lost it. dm it to me, pls? 
@corkinator aha well tell him okay  aaaand! he owes me lunchtime aha. omg a fight was going on outside the classroom ahaha
@corkinator hugs 
@CorkyIsCrazy Aw Courtney I love you too 
@CorkyIsCrazy Night 
@CorkyIsCrazy she falllows me around like a shadow hahaha no it's the other way around :p but haha I love that feeling 
@corkyloowho i will 
@Corkyy thanks baaaaabe  hope you're having a good day.
@Corn_Flower 
@cornbreadturner I really wanted to see a lot more of the U.S.S.Kelvin, that was a great design 
@cornbreadturner it was fucking awesome, I eagerly await a sequel 
@CorneliaArcher ooc It's okay though, I think I can piece it together. 
@corneliusficht  If an IT project works the first time, it is wrong...ohh I am completely agree with that!!
@Cornell_Are_I hell yeah  are you going to go see them when they tour aus?
@cornerbooth your tweet was just included in The Longest Poem in the World www.longestpoemintheworld.com/tweet/14269/ 
@CornerstoneNapa I've been doing plenty of sneak tastes!  #ttl
@CornerstoneNapa Well, I'd say you nailed it!   #ttl
@corney NOTHING! i love it, but i also combine it with Kraft Cheese Spread on occasion...this makes life easier! 
@Cornrow_Wallace same, rollin a blunt. 
@Cornwall_Info Indeed. I know where I'd much rather be, but there's no competition, really is there?  Roll on October and our next visit.
@CoronadoRealtor LoL - &quot;that social media blogging stuff&quot; eh? Why thank you 
@CoronadoRealtor You know Heidi, I like your bio. On another note, I see the interwebs still have you here... Me too 
@Corple Thanks~ 
@corporategreed Thank you for following me; I appreciate it! Look forward to your tweets! 
@Corpsman_Com Little disappointing 2 C him lose, but good match anyway! Big Hugs 2 U sweetie! 
@Corpsman_Com You wouldn't have to pay for the upgrade, you'd get it for free.  Fair is fair, ya know?  
@Corrie71 #myweakness @lukasrossi can you spot him in here -&gt; http://bit.ly/dgMVp where's Waldo - only way cuter!!! please vote for Lukas 
@corrina2253 Nice work...now let's see them ignore us after we've invited them into our oh-so-exclusive club 
@CorrinaT following your friend now. 
@corrinrenee I am sure your non breastfed baby will be smart irregardless   I didn't get an MBA and my Mom breastfed me 
@corrupted_girl same inside doing bio! I dont know why i'm bothering, I'm gonna get a big fat biological U haha! BGT will save the day 
@corsair7 i liked it! 
@cortlandt is my hero. He watched #startrek with me in the 2nd row, got AAA to rescue my keys from my car, and found Dave Matthews for me 
@Cortnee4Christ 
@Cortnee4Christ God bless you too! 
@Cortnee4Christ I have my pen ready to write them down! 
@Cortnee4Christ I think so?  I am good.Apparently not meant to sleep, but good.
@Cortnee4Christ It's like the old myspace days. You gotta go to a specific person's page, and comment to them that way. 
@Cortnee4Christ Made so many new friends on Twitter around USA. Another bike across USA trip would be amazing to see people! 
@Cortnee4Christ You are like so awesome. I really want to find more tweeple like you. I keep digging  Know where to find some nice peeps?
@CortneeMB Hey Cortnee. Nice to meet you! Check out www.tdrrecords.com for more info about our bands and label. 
@coruscating It's a date! 
@corvida That Twitter account didn't lead anywhere. I haz much sadnez nao. :/ Linx pleez!  http://twitter.com/corvida/status/2062699187
@corxy it's wonderful! 
@cory_deckard oh yuck! I agree.. OR going to bed at this hour! 
@Cory_Froomkin  practice makes perfect!  
@Cory_Froomkin  Thanks!
@Cory_Froomkin I think ur right 
@Cory_Froomkin Welcome.  Tis a great accomplishment! Not everyone has the tenacity. Pat yourself on the back-but don't hurt your arm  LOL
@Cory_Kennedy I'm flying them this summer for the first time. I guess I know what to expect now 
@Cory_Mac_TF thanks for letting me know hope u get some racing there... will be  looking at results from here in england good luck 
@cory1020 oh, i love before the storm 
@corybeezy tilapia filets from walmart &lt;3  sharing is caring 
@CoryBooker I can help with that linking you wrote down there.   best regards
@coryherman http://twitpic.com/6rrdj - This view is extraordinary! I'm very jealous, but in the nice and happy-for-you kind of way 
@Coryishida bad, i woke up at 6 cuz i thought i overslept and i couldnt go back to sleep lol buti got a nap in later 
@CoryKennedy I wear them to family events all the time 
@corymorton lets see some pics! 
@Corynne  hope it went well! 
@CoryOBrien nice. It keeps it out of the inventory for others?  Like when would  hide an item in the store &amp; come back with cash as a kid?
@CorySmash &quot;Worked in the pit&quot;? Curious Rachel is curious. Most of the time, actually. 
@corysparks only ur mom &amp; daughters mom count lol...f the rest jk 
@corzy ha, bastards! Must've been a fun (Andy Warhol) 15 minutes though 
@cosaverde oh, hee, i didn't know you were following my posts  am looking at baby stuff at your site-not enough! more baby stuff, please!
@coscomputing Thanks for your support. It nice to think there are some generous Twits out there 
@CosgroveMiranda Good Griffindor are those cupcakes SERIOUSLY as huge as I think they look?  LUCKY!!!!  
@CosgroveMiranda hiya i totally think u and jennette mcCrudy are great hope u tb soon  xx
@CosgroveMiranda you rock  i love you.*
@cosita Morning! If I get to see it, I'll let you know. Right now, I'm going to go see Wolverine. 
@cosleia thank you - it is starting out pretty good. It will be tough, but should be better then yesterday. 
@cosleia Thank you, Sweet Pea!   I'm resizing &quot;rooster&quot; and wardrobe pics for J.A. at the moment. ;)
@Cosmia yay!!! That's awesome! Congrats to her. 
@CosmicAmericana well, you really should get a blackberry. Very easy to use and all kinds of bells and whistles on it 
@cosmicblush  hey   im great  ;) and how are u ?
@cosmicgirlie Thinking of you. Everything crossed  Turn baby turn!
@cosmicjulie am doing - been reading some gtd along with other personal devlopment stuff. disrupting things is getting organised 
@cosmiclagoon I loved where Mulder fell through the floor hehe, it's all going wrong for him this episode reminds me of the 'Monday' one. 
@cosmiclagoon Ironically it's sunny and warm here in Vancouver and we find that refreshing 
@CosmicMother  oooh I love the US of A. Can I come visit you?  
@CosmicMother  rest well russel 
@CosmicMother Ah Russ!  Listening &amp; Loving it! Wish I could go back to those days, love the oldie films &amp; songs! 2 do - Build Time Machine
@CosmicMother and there's a lot of it about! just had my tax bill - if only I was an MP....  
@CosmicMother Good morning, thanks for following, how are you, hope your having a good day!! 
@CosmicMother Hey Russ, Love your new pic!  A wonderful welshy morning to you. MWAH xxx
@CosmicMother that would work for me, I'd even do a wee dance 
@CosmicMother you can't go. Am banning you. So there!!  Would love to - will ring you. Mikyla also sorting out a reunion at Bobby Georges!
@cosmicpolitan - no, first time 
@cosmicpolitan looks and it sure is yummy.. i miss eating corn.. since i had braces 
@cosmobaker you'll make it 
@cosmos500 science, of course 
@CosmosGirl everybody should save. Good to have money some cash around 
@Cosmotini awake but I went out to see if I could get news to post. Finally got a cop who say the strike on Etiwanda 
@cotieno Ready as ever  Can't stop sneezing though, i might be allergic to mondays . Somebody tell my boss ;D How's your looking?
@cotieno thanks hun  how're you doing today?
@cotkgc You get bonus points if you don't have kids and come hang out with us mommas anyway  
@cottageguru Aren't you glad you asked? lol. Moral of the story...go for your dreams! Don't settle for &quot;ok&quot;. Be fulfilled 
@cottonandcloud Moooorning! Fancy a coffee? 
@cottonink both!  re: bodycon/bodyloose
@cottonink cant wait to see it 
@cottonink I love the salmon one. 
@cottonink Yay! 
@cottonpanty hope the morning after ain't that bad...  Have a great weekend!
@cottonwings gut idee! i shall also do this when i have them time.  the cat people are so adorable/demented.
@cottrelltravis i can't trust my 32 y/o husband to apply his own sunscreen!  just sayin... 
@cotygonzales Cheers for following me! Love your tee blog n vlog 
@couchblog Guten Appetit! 
@couchpundit close...but no cigar  it's Reader's Digest's &quot;Journey of a Lifetime&quot; which I missed on our telly. mininova to the rescue!
@CouchSurfingOri good morning 
@CoucouCherie it certainly does  twitter rules above us all..THE ALMIGHTY!
@CoucouCherie we are obviously soooo much clever than they are...yes indeeeeed! 
@cougarDB Yep, Im good today.  Just had a bad day yesterday that's all.  It happens   Glad to hear u r on the mend xxoo
@counternotions @raymondpirouz I'll have to remember that next time I have to blackmail you 
@counternotions @raymondpirouz was going to google ascii porn as a j/k but wanted to keep it clean 
@counternotions I can't say how far StateDpt 'budgetary allocation' = authorized to take us in our latest adventures.    Remains 2B seen.
@counternotions Water.  Gotta keep a clear mind for a decision like that 
@counternotions Well, since you don't use it, it's like a tree falling in your vacant forest.   
@counternotions Why 'aim so low' with variations?  ;)  sorry, couldn't resist.  
@CounterSuicide Proposal? Do tell 
@countertenor1 the trivia room is at Zachary-Levi.com 
@countingcrows Guten Morgen! Hope you're feeling better, that's awesome about Abbey Road and it's a really cool programme, good luck 
@Countingcrows http://twitpic.com/6gbdv - Lovely, how was the last concert?  I was listening it through my phone, my friend call me an ...
@countroshculla  guru dakshina 2 Re tweet  um oru Direct Message um  
@countrycuban LOL me 2 now 
@Countrycutie84 no cowboys tonight. Already drunk  sorry lovey
@countryfan97 Thanks for coming out! Glad you enjoyed the show 
@countrygirls86 Got a few lines to do and then re-read it! 
@CountryKidNess lls prob the same strippers hun they don't retire &amp;&amp; cuz im a a fat girl in a petit girls body 
@countrylady1  its going to be 90  summer is here 
@countrymusiclvr homeless people arnt scary haha they're just...homeless. probably hungry, sad and scared shitless themselves 
@countrymusiclvr productive  how about yours?
@countrystar7907  He must. 
@countryvicar I know  Real Fridays are seriously Good News  Might stay put a bit longer.Have a Phil Rickman on the go &amp; a v cosy cat
@countstex Yeah exactly  Milo... a.k.a. HAL
@coupdemain I'm going to the scene on wednesday 
@couponldyonline you're lucky- my husband makes the washing machine explode just by looking at it.  
@couponprincess  I'm very excited about the huggies coupons-and I have several copies of the paper! 
@Courageous_one  Lee calls that (in our house) 'being wobbly'  either way, it's not nice!
@Courageous_one huh? I didn't understand!! What is it called? Worth a read? 
@Courageous_one I love to vacuum, but only with a Dyson 
@Courageous_one LOL nope  Tonight it's because I'm working, but Im not usually in bed before 2am most nights I guess
@Courageous_one Sure can 
@Courageous_one think this sense of humour would apply in many other parts...India for starters 
@Courageous_one true...i forget sometimes &amp; then songs like this bring me back to reality 
@CourageRequired Hope it happens. 
@courosa Make sure you bookmark that tweet. It'll be good to put in her graduation book. 
@courseofhistory Your Bernier love never ceases to make me happy. 
@Court_n_me will do, I'm addicted to this damn thing, so don't be mad that I tweet all the time! 
@court0605 no just a response!  
@courtbrown6 well i can live without you  hehe.
@CourtCosmetics haha no problem! i luv you and your videos 
@CourtCosmetics thats amazing! lol tell your mom i said happy 70's themed party day 
@Courtecous well school is lame, I've been out of school for a couple weeks now. 
@CourtHey LOL obviously, if you aren't there, disregard that message 
@courtknees HAHA just what I wanted/ needed to hear  ... I don't think I'll ever see her again ... but we shared something special today!
@cOurTnay21w I remember u saying something about it earlier.. I be here I be here... even when I'm not 
@Courtney_17 Sammeee  xx I Cant Wait till We go to Antigua at Christmas I Lovveee IT ! ! .. .. xx
@Courtney_182 You're welcome. 
@courtney_cook  Is it a new season?  I'm gonna catch up On Demand if it is!  
@courtney_cook http://twitpic.com/57arp - Sooo cute! Beast, what a great name! 
@courtney_pink My number is the same!!  If you need it just send me a Email address!! And @jonasbrothers is AWESOME!! What yo fave song??
@courtney_s i think the worse you're treating your characters, the better the story is going to be [as long as it's consistent/relevant] 
@courtney_xxx I loooooove brothers and sisters  im watching it, and internet during ads hahaaa.
@courtney218 wasn't the duet sooo cute?! ah david's amazing! 
@Courtneycamille  yes you are!!! I can not wait! hurry and get over here... we are missing two important people for our trip 
@CourtneyCummz how about any other part of ur sexy body 
@CourtneyCummz one more pic! 
@CourtneyCummz you had a blast or got a blast? 
@CourtneyEgg Just got up to get milk fo matthew... Me, johnny, matthew, and Riley in this bed! Too cute.  so happy...
@CourtneyEllyse I know right?! Ridic! Whaaaatever. If he wants it awkward, then fine! Haha. 
@CourtneyEngle Very cool 
@CourtneyEngle where do you sit in the world? front or back? 
@courtneyfleming So, you're not going to share any stories?  
@courtneyforce You're welcome! 
@CourtneyGray anytime. i'm great- thanks for asking. hope you are too 
@courtneyjayneee goood  ily wifey and i think it took me like 30 min to walk home from yours seriously was moving so slow hahaa.
@CourtneyJBVFCHS ;D your description is to amazing for words to explain!! 
@CourtneyJBVFCHS i love it 
@CourtneyJBVFCHS your amazing 
@courtneyjoy oh that! No, I was just kidding with her on that. But I can see where there would be confusion. 
@courtneykcohen well if he was there, what else would it be??? 
@CourtneyKim ahaha!!! hope you had fun on your little excursion in LA 
@courtneykkk another note for the morning: watch the video on your phone 
@courtneykkk haha whaaat its like rain year up here! how was the vet, is loki all good? 
@courtneylegit awesome! we're really glad you like it  you get two more for free! @MeghanMagnolia no problem!
@courtneymariee court!! what are you and jas doin in my dreams!? gtfo pleassee haha. it was bomb though, we were all chillin. 
@courtneypatkau yes!  i actually really liked the movie. i fucking love him.  alot.  i think i shall go look at his myspace and stalk now 
@CourtneyPutnam people's *perceptions* of economy affect everything if you ask me...but that's just my perception 
@courtneyscumbag I wanna see land of the lost too.we should go! call me when you see this. 
@CourtneySit @JamesHancox well I'm too tired to scare anyone tonite so I will try again another day LOL Nite all 
@CourtneySit are you sure??? This morning till at least 11 was fab 
@CourtneySit DELICIOUS MUCH  What'd you have today? 
@CourtneySit havent flown yet. i got the days mixed up  and time.. em called me an egg 
@CourtneySit so what do they say? My little cousin calls me Dorky because she can't pronounce it, now everyone calls me that 
@CourtneySit ullo 
@courtneywilcock welcome to Twitter 
@courtneyymartin omg.. Me too!!  haha.
@courtneyyy3 Lucky !!  Have Fun 
@courtneyyy3 Night at the Roxbury is on tonight. I hope you feel better. 
@CourtneyZito imagine if they'd lost 
@Courtnsnack Absolutely! I will e-mail it to you for sure!  Thanks!
@Courtnsnack You are going to be wonderful at it. Good for you! 
@courtSchenkl u remind me of me in college over Reel Big Fish &amp; Goldfinger.  Pepper will always remind you of good times 
@courtwerth haha 
@Courtz77 AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEE MAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNN.  If she's going up can I come with you guys? 
@CourvidLove4Eva  FC is back dear. 
@Cousin_D @Alvaro159  LMAO... Jokes!...  not yet but when I do ya mom will be the first person I call     ...  give her my email.
@cousto just reread it, you already have the disc  you just need a serial number from microsoft which is fairly easy to get
@couturesnob I'm going to look it up right now  That really is amazing quality. It looks like a magazine ad! lol
@cover_of_vogue       and then the next day!!!!!!!!!!
@CoverFX I'm doing well! busy busy, but well! 
@Covergirl08 I take pride in what I do 
@Covergirl1985 @NKOTBFlamesFan me three 
@Covergirl1985 22 yrs is a long time hell almost as long as you have been alive  lol
@Covergirl1985 lol...glad you liked my attire.  i wanted to dress like a 20 something! lol did i succeed? prob not..maybe a 90's 20 y/o!
@Covergirl1985 take a bat or something. If you dont tweet in like 10 I will call 911 
@covertocoversf, awesome! 
@CovertOp78 You will love twitter!  It is very addicting!  Maybe we can stay in touch more this way! 
@cow_grrrl   You have the sweetest children.  You are obviously a great mom. I loved reading your blog w/ their msgs to you.  Kudos.
@cow_grrrl Doesn't the cat's glowing eyes freak you out at night? I haz ur door! 
@cow_grrrl even if here it is just coming on Midnight 
@cow_grrrl Good luck - I know how much you hate going to the hairdresser. 
@cow12boys3  I have mastered the art of texting &amp; will gladly message you any selections! 
@cow12boys3 definitely do that...distract yourself! 
@cowartandmore Exactly!  
@Cowbelly Enjoy your time at Pike's Place Market today...it is a perfect Seattle day for the market and for a photo shoot 
@COWBOYJDANOS howdy Cowboy - pleasure to make your acquaintance 
@COWBOYJDANOS I had oddles and oddles of fun, thank you 
@COWBOYJDANOS It's understandable though.Responsibilities and schedules! But if I can be encouraging.. 
@coweyedkevin hhe. lg d mol ni ye 
@CowgirlJP Sorry!! I'd share with you if I could! 
@CowgirlOasis  Have a gr8 Sunday !
@CowgirlTara Cool- please recommend away!  Also going to Milan.
@CowgirlzRule  you're welcome   So glad you had a good day!  Lots to be grateful for!  Here's to more tweets 
@CowgirlzRule Thanks for the #ff 
@CowgirlzRule Thx so much , you too , just gave me a better attitude 
@cowjon mmm steak yummy ... sushi is still AWESOME and so not gross 
@cowmage Trust me, I'm pretty awesome.  Hmph where's @alexeld to back me up when I need him?
@cowpunkmom Sweet deal! I so want to see that movie! Methinks we may have to do a Star Trek movie night some time, hmm? 
@CowsEatPie Why wouldn't I? 
@CowslipsInAHat That quote is something you can hang your hat on  Continue your message of mercy. I've enjoyed your guidance. Peace to you
@cowtippinjosh That's funny. I love it 
@coy0te Good morning! Feeling happier today? 
Going better then perfect, can't believe how happy I am. 
going bowling &amp;&amp; to IHOP, yeah we're fiends.  peace!
going bowling with the cobra... i mean shelby. 
Going bowling!!!!!  with meg zach josh and jesssss 
Going by bike exhausts more than running 
Going Camping 
GOING CAR BOOOT! WOOAGE! im so sad i know. Hi daryl 
going car shopping - time to upgrade to family size 
going clothes shopping. :] with my aunt. 
Going clubbing with my cousin!  Fuck the world, Im gonna have FUN tonightttt. 
going crazy...seriosly  xaxax
Going dancing downtown tonight! Role: wing-lady 
Going dollar bowling with Dane Laci and Farrah tonight it's gonna spectacular! 
going down memory lane with kyle 
Going down to find some dinner for the wife and me 
going down to my in-laws allotment to pick some fresh veggies to bring home. have a nice day everyone  x
Going down to the glen 
going down to the track for a nice three-mile run...then gonna try to find a court that isn't too wet. last full day in massachusetts 
Going down town for a gift search!!! Any advice??!!    You can't go wrong with BODY SHOP!!! 
Going down!  ( not gonna tell you where ) but imma bout to go down hahaha !! party over here  ~* MgoneWild *~
Going downstairs for hot chocolate and oreos  I have the falling in love video on my ipod touch(L) My next tweet will be off Tweetie, funx
going downstairs to discuss the tent situations for camping  wooo
Going eat out with by dad's boss. I'm wearing my hair like @ijustine too 
Going fishin with the Waltons  what a beautiful Saturday!!
going fishing today! 
Going fishing with my babe on this beautiful sun-shining day   
Going for a #walk because the #sunshine is out 
going for a bath 
Going for a BBQ and I'm making the sweet chilli chicken, yey  so tired now but still loving the gorgeous weather! î?•
going for a bike ride ! it is such a nice day out 
Going for a drive  then will definitely be getting stuck into my work!
going for a drive soon and then off out again, pretty busy weekend 
Going for a hair cut. Cortar a gadelha 
going for a long walk tonight with my better half. Really hope this weather stays  xxxx
going for a long walk!! 
Going for a morning run. My first ever  #getoffbutt
Going for a morning walk. A little house cleaning then in the studio to make beads 
Going for a moto ride between the mountains of Piedmont and Liguria 
Going for a nap I think, sooooo tired 
Going for a pita before the training, I feel like wearing an Apple shirt to the microsoft training 
Going for a Pizza treat @  @MangoPirate ' place.. Gonna watch #India winning there only..  Cheers.. #fb
going for a quick run/waddle for National Running Day.  Who's with me?  http://bit.ly/8iQPW
going for a run across the lake and then GOING on the lake haha its my reward can't wait. This is a great start to summer btw 
Going for a run at the lake with @MissCapule and cindy later 
going for a run with some wtc girls 
Going for a Run!  I'm really excited for this run for some reason.
Going for a run...maybe 9-10 miles...we will see how the legs feel 
going for a shower. back soon 
Going for a stroll around hollingworth lake, 
Going for a Sunday roast 
Going for a walk  havent slept in like 40 hours
going for a walk its soo pretty outside!! 
Facebook Shuts Down Ku Klux Klan Group: TOS WIN http://bit.ly/lqGvL - This makes me happy 
facebook status battle? cute 
Facebook still rocks harder.  Twitter's functions is nothing unique, can be found on both Facebook and Xanga.
facebook_library_v3.1_flex.swc - solution found  just testing application
facebooking, haha  ! im just staring &amp; thinking blanks now. i still cant wear those asics shoes, after 2years i have something new 
facebuk rocks 
Fact #1: Between 70-75% of bottled water comes from the ground; the same source where consumers receive tap water. Not PURE SWISS - 
Fact about portland #2: there are a LOT of trees here. And the air is cleaner. And the weather is beautiful  and there is no such thin ...
Fact: CobraCam episode 7 was filmed in Milwaukee on BND. Just found that out  Now it's really time for sleep ;)
Fact: Girls are just as horny as men most of the time...we just hide it better 
FACT: I enjoyed today 
Fact: I have only dated black guys, nothing else 
Fact: i love my boobs  http://tumblr.com/xec1wv2ow
Fact: I never did a SINGLE song w/ autotune. Take that and do what you will with it.... 
Factory Mud Pie at The Cheesecake Factory. Yumm babayyy. 
faded by drake 
faded.. finna put something on my stomach and go to bed. i'm outro. party was fun  seen HELLA people
Faghat igna &amp; anush ? haghe oona bud ke aval beshaaaan  manke ashegheshoooon shodam 
FAIL : nice site, eh? look closely at the header: http://bit.ly/w21fm  (via @joffrey)
going for a walk on the moor with my parents   xx
going for a walk with puppy soon 
going for a walk.  maybe take a few pictures as well.  today is a lovely day to be outside.  
going for a walk...beautiful day and a beautiful baby to spend it with. 
going for a walk...give me some riddles while I'm away, I can answer them when I'm back love, 15Step 
going for a wee sunbed, see if i can get a little colour  ill be on a plane on the way to New York this time next week  x
Going for after-work drinks at Lux this evening 
Going for an early morning run.  Beat the heat.  
Going for an important meeting! Will be back after an hour. 
Going for breakfast with @unixfudotnet  . 
Going for dinner or something with friends 
going for dins with the birthday girl and family 
going for my second run/walk in 3 days.  Woohoo 
Going for my sister's birthday lunch   Happy 18th Holly xxx
Going for petrol at a different filling station.For funsies 
going for shower now. see you guys tonight 
Going garage sale shopping in the rain 
Going Gluten Free 
Going golfing in the morning... I've never played golf in my life. I've played putt putt...lol.. I want to race the golf carts 
Going grans for tea tweet later  xx
Going hiking in the mountains today, trying the cable car too...exciting 
Going hiking today @ graveyard fields to celebrate Kendals B-day! 
going home  whee
Going home a little early today! Yay!  Hoping to do a little reading outside in this beautiful weather!
going home at 4:30 
going home DRUNK 
failing chemistry tests are always fun. 
Fair Bean Coffee = top notch custormer service + they know my name 
fair enough and yesterday, poor kirsty lol 
Fair question!  can't sleep... Comic for May 22, 2009 http://tinyurl.com/rcvm2q from @iNewsApp
fair today  yaay , zipper and TILT-A-WHIRL ! woot woot ! i may take some pictures !  dont have too much fun without me . D:
Fair tomorrow  (Megan, I made sure it wasn't to late)
Fairly excited for Den Haan on Saturday @ Stereo. Finishing off the free mix CD tonight then my work is done. DJs don't have to reherse. 
Fairly rested, showered, &amp; it's a beautiful day.  hopefully work will go by fast &amp; @kellyballs gets to make the trip up tonight!!
Fairybread is the shittt 
FAITH: is not believing that God can, but Knowing that God will.    
Faithful servants leads to amazing results Jesus moving in my school! 
Going home early today. Happy thought, my couch has been deliverd!! 
going home for memorial weekend  yay for long weekends and no school for 4 days 
going home from church. very tired and currently laying on cherynes knees 
going home from dorthe to my house to eat dinner, then back 2 dorthe to do homeworks and have fun!  xoox
Going home from Isaacs, had fun, helping my princess buy more tickets in the morning 
going home in 10 
Going home in a bit 
Going home in a min, SO BYE BYE!  for noow 
Going home in the sunshine. Friday evening is the best bit of the week 
Going home now, but hopefully I'll be back soon with just as great weather! 
going home now. 
going home on my way. brilliant night. Free drinks  very drunk lolz :5 xxxx
going home soon. can't wait for saturday 
going home this weekend 
Going home to make shells and cheese  yummy
Going home to see Mama 
Going home to set up for a fire tonight  yaay
Going home today, very excited! I get to see my long lost boyfriend 
Going home with steven for mothers day and He's driving me nuts! 
going home!  i soooo love the rain.
Going home, falling asleep to Sex &amp; the City...night 
Going home, getting ready, then heading to City Island for Ray's party! 
Going home, had a nice day of work. 
going home, making a black bean burger and watching cheaper by the dozen. 
Going HOME. FINALLY!!! 
Going home. Hope one of you out there saw the play. 
Going home. Rocked it out at Gorilla Club.  Great opening! WERK.  Thanks to all of you that made it out! 
Going home.. no meeting today 
going home... 
Going homee afterr charleness partyyy!! Woo in the car wit cristy and lizzzz 
Going hooome  then watching the hangover with @marycatherineee
going in for the night 
going in my pool for the first time this year with my girls 
Going in shower! Hoping that my dog will take care of Twitter 
Going in the kitchen to cook the fam bam breakfast 
Going in to see our pal Rocky in Start Together Studios today for some final live drum touches and a little bit violin 
Going in to take care of bidness in lab before play. Feeling very virtuous 
Going in to take my last exam! First night of summer tonight 
going in to work for three hours today, yay!!  
Going in to work now ... Just dropped little guy off at auntie jenny's ...  ... Maybe he will sleep for 9 hours again tonight.
going inside the white house!!! 
Going into a rehearsal 
Going into liverpool soon 
Going into school late 
going into the city for a while. yay for disney world tomorrowwwww!!! 
going into town today to a EA meeting and picking up my driver's license!! 
going into town today. bored and broke jhsdlnfkhfksnfksnfknsdkfndl 
going into town with sophie 
Going into work to get $4 chips with chicken salt and squid rings for dinner...yahh for staff discount  lol
Going into work....all of you should stop by and say hi and we will make you the best cup of coffee ever! 
going jogging with #stackoverflow podcast #57. Great 
going jogging. exercise good for health 
Going jumping at la night jam today!! 
Going Live NOW!!!!!  Wanna Play ?
Going minigolfing with Jake and Leah and going fro popcorn at friendship village 
Going now to carry on climbing kilimanjaro lol    Wish me luck!!
going now, blimy i have posted a lot  bye tweets
Going now, to do Kite-cam (smallest digital cam on the market - 30 grams), with GPS to take video, and atmospheric data, should be fun 
Going off for some jolly Friday Frolicking now  Bye!
going off line for a little while...seriously needs to concentrate on studying 
Going off to school, Ipod is charged. 
going off to watch neighbours bahaha sunny and zeke are funny 
Going offline now to watch Grey's Anatomy.. Did I ever mention HOW MUCH I love Twitter ;) .. Thanks again Susiii 
going offline now. will be back at night 
going on  a bike ride 
going on 24 hrs with no sleep...looking forward to my pillow 
going on a bike ride and a swim 
going on a bike ride to the river &amp; eating lunch there 
going on a bike ride w/ my daddy 
going on a candy run with my dad 
Going on a cookie hunt with @RebeccaBlack_ :giggles: See you all tomorrow! 
Going on a lonnnnnng vacay to Seattle, Seaside, Portland, and Sacramento at the end of July!! Thank you Hay-zus! 
Going on a nap... 
Going on a ride.. 26 miles 
going on a trip. wont be back til next monday! i will make sure to twitter from my cell phone! fun fun! reply me saying goodbye? 
Going on a walk  with my dad...
going on a walk then off to buy the diet foods for the week 
going on a walk with Dante 
Going on a walk with lukey 
going on a walk with my doggy. it feels good outside 
Going on a walk with my new dog 
Going on an emily and sam drinking adventure 
Going on an enjoyable walk through Quincy 
going on an evening stroll. 
Going on holiday in 6 days  yay!
Going on location today  soo excited! Even though it is saturday...
Going on Myspace 
going on sheikra for the 2nd time today as our final ride of the day. back tomorrow for day 3. 
Going on stage for senior walk!! me and megan just did a walk through with our dresses on 
going on the boat with annie &amp; gaby 
Going on tour tomorrow  first show is in grand junction co so you better come out if you live in the mountains. Many shows in CA!! 
Going on vacation in 3 days 
Going on vacation.  
Going onstage again! 
Going out 
going out again hopefully i will remember everything this time 
Going out at 1:30! Yay! Why am I so happy about this? I haven't been out in years 
going out birthday in TEN days  and last day of school tomorrow..then exams:S but can't wait for summer!!!!
going out for a bike ride with my dad  then after we're gunna start making my set of hooks. (NOT HOOKERS) k bye.
Going out for a meal with the family later today 
going out for lunch with my friends 
going out for lunch, byeeee  x
going out for some walk and explore the the surrounding area 
Going out for sushi with the boyfriend!   Rawr im SOO hungry! hehe
Going out for wings and beer tonight...maybe some clams too 
going out in abit to get some ride 
Going out in fifteen minutes! Looking forward to a good night out 
going out in the sun 
Going out on the Sea for a coding session in nice weather 
Going out on the St. Johns and then to go see the Philharmonic. 
Going out on the town with my super fly husband. 
Going out since there is a lot of noises near my house from election fans, Will go 2 take some pics of them and put them on the internet 
Fake it to ya make it.. I guess? Or be real n just chill @ least to ya get the fake deal 
fakes should learn that being yourself makes things easier, its better in the long run anyway 
Fakin sweet EMA has gone in even tho it's the holidays ohhh carnt wait for summer 
fall out boy on the today show 
FALL OUT BOY on the today show set ur DVR's to record it! i am going to watchit over and over again! will remind me o the concert! 
fall out boy, may 8th  woohooo
fall out boy's at metropolis and NOT at cepsum, YEYY 
Fall registration begins today for continuing students. Go get those courses! 
falling asleep in the sun.. What a lovely day 
Falling asleep on way to town, so toasty 
falling asleep to some neighbors having an acoustic jam sesh. i have mad love for boulder 
Falling asleep, good night! 
Falling back to God 
Falling for @paintmeandrew 
Falling in &lt;3 with Dvorak Piano Quintet thanks to watching the Cliburn  Such a delight...Dvorak is amazing
Falling In Love ? Im already in love with you Mcfly  ?
Falling in love at a coffee shop -landon pigg 
Falling in love with Kings Of Leon. Amazing Music !! 
Falling In Reverse (ex. From Behind These Walls), Ronnie Radke's NEW BAND! Support support! 
fallow @moniquec0leman 
false alarm tweets. NOW we are on our way 
False news given out ....yippi  so need meeting......
faltam 4 updates pra eu completar 100 twiters 
Family and Lakers  so cool.
family barbeque later ^^  good weather, delicious vegetarian food and my ipod. what else can you ask for? 
family coming today!! &lt;3 and theres still a million and one things to do!! aaaarrggghh!! i need some rest! ok lets get to it haha!! 
family day  lakers game; video games; good food; gym; no re-do 
Family dinner with the Donoghues-including the new one. Work later...memories. 
Family Force 5 is awesome!!!!!!! GRRRR, i want to meet them so bad! 
family from NJ is coming over, boys' tennis finals vs. winchester, going to a cookout with mi amor 
family guy always helps out a stressful day  
Family Guy cracks me up! 
Family Guy is awesome... and Follow me people 
Family Guy Marathon. 
family guy then prolly doze off good nite my fellow tweeps 
family is coming overr!! ahh 
Family is sleeping  This makes me smile: http://twitpic.com/6bio4
Family Matters makes me laugh. 
family party for a little, partying in westfield with allison tonight 
Family party....fun food and fantasy haha.....I shall be getting my drink on later too 
Family photoshoot then @mandymayhall's graduation party 
Going out to bowling 
Going out to breakfast with Danielle because we're too excited to sleep. 
Going out to breakfast with melissa this morning, then i am going to mow the grass! Then after that i am going to a wedding! Fun Fun 
Going out to breakfast, it's gonna be a HOT day here in the 'ville  http://twitter.com/mrsmcelrath/statuses/1826377896
Going out to breakfast, then work 1:45PM-10:45PM... Working the updated 3PM Parade! 
Going out to Dinner  Happy Friday everyone 
going out to dinner tonightt 
Going out to dinner with my dad and sister!  Mmmm
Going out to dinner with my family. 
going out to dinner with the family. ttyl 
Going out to dinner with the rents  I think......
Going out to eat at Zen. Salmon, here I come 
Going out to eat in Jaipur for dinner! 
going out to eat with my best friend andrew and my family. Then movies with andrew 
Going out to enjoy another day of beautiful sunnyshine. 
going out to enjoy the beautiful spring day in Oslo 
going out to get some munchies.! Just deciding on what.! 
Going out to get some papers for my new boarding school then heading to istinye park to c termanato salvation 
going out to Iluma than to Marina Mandarin Hotel. 
going out to lunch with dad. 
Going out to lunch with old friends 
going out to lunch with.friends.today! 
Going out to meeeeeet @arcticblueberry 
going out to meet with alon. 
Going out to play badminton soon! Right after my Restaurant in Restaurant City levels up! 
going out to see star trek   be back in a while
Going out to see Wolverine......I hope I will like it as much as the previous films 
going out to sit by the fire again  i wish i had marshmellows!
Going out to sit by the pool and RELAX!!!! 
going out to sunbath 
Going out to take pictures. For those that have been asking, check my flickr later! 
Going out to the Woombye IGA to get some black stockings, hair ties and a sketch book 
Going out to watch the Lakers lose 
Going out today  I got the urge for more ink! Chillin with the girls&lt;3
Family reunion this weekend..I'm soo happy to get to see them all!! 
family reunion today! 
Family reunion was fun  fun I'm sooo beat. Might sleep. Text meeee.
Family time yet again 
Family tubing trip! Its about time! 
family walk in the park 
family-business the hole weekend...  and a litle bit disco misco at sunday ;)  stair clear and keep your head up...  peace
Family's coming into town today! Hooray for family and an immaculate home. 
Familyyy  my dad's on the guitarrr http://mypict.me/28dH
Famous in TWO small towns 
Famous people,why you guys are so busy?LOL.Im curious bout this. 
Fan-&quot;did you enhoy argentina?&quot; Joe-&quot;yes, i enhoyed myself very much! its like a pirate.... enhoy!!&quot; Nick-&quot;no joe, thats actually ahoy.&quot; 
Fanboys is awesome fun. That's all.  
Fancy a cuppa? Industrial tea vs permaculture tea?! Love the comparison. Courtesy of @mrw00dy and his woodmonstas 
Fancy is a 187 hun got u doin things u aint never done 
fancys a busted sesh 
Fangame, Life: ..Oy, nightmares... Anyhow, gonna work in private today for just a few hours. I work better undisturbed. 
fans lists: http://rym.fm/-3ut my list. 
FANTASTIC a major breakthrough on the question of Abbey Clock. We'll have an answer tomorrow from the actual makers of the clock itself 
fantastic day at Oxford Pride!  Thanks to jonno, bethany and others for joining us!   prettypinkpearl.com is onwards and upwards! T x
fantastic day at the beach, the boardwalk and an awesome meal at sonic!, time for bed!, gnite all! 
Fantastic day outside!  Getting some sun 
Fantastic Dimes show then 2am breakfast at  Beths with friends. A good night. 
Fantastic evening at home with chris, altho miguel came home briefly w/his o &amp; we look a hot mess! Oops 
Fantastic Fenton Glass VAseline Opalescent Nut Dish. Great for gift or collection!! Check it out!  http://tinyurl.com/qn53of at Bonanzle.
fantastic night hanging out  haha
Fantastic Private Property competition coming soon. Win a book every week, for 4 weeks. Details soon 
Going out tonite with the wifey and I'm excited about it 
going out with a friend soon shopping 
going out with family.. 
Going out with friends for lunch ! 
Going out with friends. Everyday is now Saturday 
going out with grandpa again, haha. be back soon 
Going out with Matt!!! 
Going out with Melissa for coffee now 
Going out with my brother and his buddies. 
Going out with my Daddyyyyyyy 
Going out with my favorite people in the world today! 
going out with my friends, and have a big party!!   Friday nights = lots of FUN
going out with my friends. start studying my maths. 
Going out with my sister and @ayusapiy soon. Pretty exciting. Enjoy my holiday so much 
Going out with my sister soon 
Going out with Paul 2 years already 
going out with the boy 
Going out with Will &amp; Zach... Should be fun! 
Going out wont be home until probably late 
going out! have a good nap @f_nadzirah 
going out. 
Going out. A barbeque maybe? 
going out. anyone nak lepak gimme a call. 
going out. HATE MY HAIR! grrr. Off to see some bats and butterflies and meercats 
going out. we're gonna go &amp; fit our uniforms 
going out....can't wait for next week. 
Going Outro... Peace. 
going outside again ! 
going outside on a mission to read some more of paperweight 
going outside to enjoy a beautiful day 
going outside to jump on my trampoine  WOOOT!
Going outside to watch my sister and her friends in the pool, bringing Lumines with me 
Going outside with my mom. Hope it'll not rain. 
going outtt ... imm prolly be tweeting from my phone 
going over to daniels for a while 
going over to laura's house till pretty late, call mee. 
going over to mi madre's later to see my new room 
Going over to northpoint to get Trishia &amp; Matin's brithday present. Need to get contacts also! 
Going parasailing!! Going 800 feet up! Cant wait!! 
Going PGSM at 3pm. Cleaning up the place with Evie and Val. I love my school! (besides the secret desire to pon Stephen's class) HEHE! 
Fantastic result for the Boys in Green 
fantastic run this morning  followed by blueberry/chocolatechip/banana pancakes. great monday, so far.
fantastic voyage - coolio; for this awesome God blessed day! 
Fantastic weekend - hairdressers, stylish luncheons &amp; a Fabulous girlie night with wine, cheeses &amp; chocolates...And dancing till morning 
Fantastic weekend in church - what a GREAT group of people I have the honour of doing life with 
fantastic weekend.. both horses were stars! already looking forward to next weekend's shows  ... is it friday yet?
Fantastic! Thanks @abysmalred  http://tinyurl.com/o66z7j
FANTASY...everyone has one! 
Far too excited . . . Need up be slapped 
Farah is thankful to that person for the constant texting since morning.  Thanks a lot. 
Farking work because end o month is tomorrow!!!--at least I still have a job 
Farmers and gardeners need rain, nature as well - and those on holiday get a guilt-free day indoors, reading a book and eating chokolate  
Farmer's market and yoga this morning 
Farmer's Market Day! 
Going prom dress shopping (finally!) .. Still haven't finished my homework lol 
Going put or milkshakes.  haven't had one in so long
going Queensland very soon  gonna be awesome n i need a break from school
going rest some  &lt;meeting new people -awesome thing... ;))).... tomorrow church...;p
going riding 
Going rollerskating with my favorite people ever. I love my birthday haha 
Going running and then I might go swimming. How perfect the weather is for it! 
Going running with Smalley and Cougar. This could be interesting. 
going Sale Water Park today, but this time food, pictures and were gonna go the right way  LOL!
going school tommorow @damselsinadress i reli do watch ur show EVERYDAY big fan  u both rock ! &lt;3
going see UP today!  So excited.
Going shoping in a while 
Going shopping  YAY! See ya later Twitterville ;)
going shopping for a dress to wear to chorus concerts 
going shopping for bus lollies and food for camp and plates 
Going shopping for my sister's birthday gift 
going shopping for sweets to send to my american friends 
Going shopping in Las Ramblas today 
going shopping in Newcastle now! woooo    
going shopping in philly.. nyc = 2 days 
Going shopping soon, in my new YELLOW PLASTIC SANDALS. 
Going shopping soon, Need a new dress to wear to the next soap awards  xx
going shopping today for some new shoes and seeing my old friends!! 
Going shopping today!  Yay!
Going shopping with my sister today 
going shopping with padre! going to dicks sporting goods. i'm gettin myself some comfy pants 
going shopping with the big bucks.  okay... i'm really excited b/c i can finally get some summerish clothes. Hallelujah - sp?? haha
going shopping! 
going shopping.  gonna hit up the stores as soon as they open.    open open open
Going shopping. Excited for the #Pens game tonight  #LETSGOPENS! #LetangSexHair 
Gotta work today. Just picked up yummy breakfast from the Farmer's Table 
gotta work... off for now. 
government final tomorrow. need to know the ten amendments (AKA. Billof Rights)?... I'm ya girl  heading to bed.
GovSchwarzenegger twitters by himself... not by someone.. 
GoW2 XP Bonus = Playing all weekend 
Gowned. @emfail ducked me at the reception so I couldn't congratulate her! 
GP looped on tv last night, nothing wrong with falling asleep to high revs 
GPS tracked the last leg of my journey home the other night, so accurate to the train tracks  http://twitpic.com/4e9rk
GQOTD @TheBadCop Does getting stuck in a back country washout requiring a tow out count? 
gr8 day 
gr8 friends there though  
Graaaduating sooon!  so excited.
Grab an Avail. New list is up. www.FreshAvails.com Includes...CelebrityCases.com, DotShowcase.com and for DigiPawn fans...DigiBroke.com 
grabbed a quick bite to eat with @TsolairVictoria hooking up later tonight to blow some trees 
Grabbed some pics. Upload. Miss my friends. 
Grabbin some foodstuffs and headin to Cleves to hang with Gabby and Piper. 
@coy0te Morning... 
@coy0te no orange sweetie x nice that your happy 
@coygary noooo we missed u today..soooo quiet..and I didn't get to watch anyone play tetris 
@Coyy ah okay. I'll ask B to download it nya. 
@cozmosis i know :| firefox pisses me off sometimes, somethin freaky happens to me. if it crashes, i just refresh desktop &amp; it uncrashes 
@cozywallet I really want to win.  I keep tweeting &amp; retweeting &amp; posting on facebook &amp; just plain telling everyone that will listen 
@Cozz i always seem to be on here when you go for a shower - coincidence or do i make you feel dirty?? 
@cp007 Hey sweetie hows u? Hav a good wkend?  x
@cp007 I'm fine thank you!  You glad it's weekend? x
@CPA_Trendlines nice to meet you as well, and absolutely! we might reach out and say hi to you Tuesday morning 
@cpahl2000 good morning 
@cpalmieri France is nice isn't it  Hope you all have a nice trip.
@cpanderson @elbee4 Actually, I'm feeling fine - I've had all that over a 6 hour period, so it's not bad 
@CPAsPrincess eek not THE aids!! I hope you are feeling better today  
@cpasprincess http://twitpic.com/6fwdb - PURE TALENT, indeed    Love it! Can't wait to see you Friday!
@Cpdacool ThankS! 
@CPDScotsman cool use of the wall, gotta dash to Inverness then Stirling (in that order?!) leave a comment later 
@CPE24 I was waiting on him to tell me what he want 
@CPE24 lol. it only got to 109 here today. WELCOME to the AZ 
@cpearson1990 Was a different car an his brother was driving  Spaglish = Spanish/English xxx
@cpfcrox &quot;Jonas Bros 3D concert experience is where it's at&quot;? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! Bless you Webb  x
grabbing a few things and then off to LZ's 
Grabbing coffee from @dunkindonuts then making mom breakfast 
grabe, pinakita tlg ang kiss ni edward and bella XD i miss jasperr! edward too! hahaha. the trailer was hella awesome 
Grabing a big thing of Starbucks, I am tired and need a bit of energy if I want to make it thru the day. Thank god for extra shots!!  
Grace greeted me with OWAN at breakfast this morning.. Surely 4 year olds should still be singing nursery rhymes 
Grad Banquet tonight!! ready to party  Got hair and makeup done now just got to get dressed, so excited!!!!
Grad Class pot Luck tonigghhthtt  &lt;3
grad dinner/dance tonight .. should be interesting. 
GRAD FAIR MAY 26-29. Get $10 off diploma frame when you reserve your cap and gown  . . . go summer! wheee!
Grad night is amazing! The lines are moving and i told indiana jones I loved him. Now its onto thunder mnt 
Grad night was a LOT of FUN!  im just still extremely tiredd.
Grad parties galore. Cake, cake, and more cake 
grad party 
grad party hopping! 
Grad party is over, guests are gone, had a great time all week with family and friends, now to get some rest. 
Grad party. Grad party. Birthday party. 
Grad practice is lame. Helpin kuff out for the last time then hanging out with carrie 
grad practice went well today  long but short at the same time...? i love rick and judy so sad they are leaving..T.T
Grad/Birthday Party  Come!
Grade eine Mail an apple geschickt !!!! 
grades up for public speaking class! got an A 
grad-grad-graduation!!! 
Grading the washed out roads on the mtn property this AM then to the barn to ride. Exciting day for Hana &amp; Saba, who hate staying home! 
Grading to my Adv Red belt tonight. Hope all that pizza I had at lunch doesn't slow me down 
GRADUATE  thx God
Graduate college. Check. Obtain a job. Check. Clean and reorganize my house... getting started. Happy Monday! 
Going shopping. I hope I can find a cute dress for the last day of school 
Going Shoppingggg!!  To buy my mum a present for her brthday next week....fun times... 
Going sight seeing today, christa and chris are going to be our tour guides 
Going Silicon Valley afterall 
Going softballin' with a bunch of Lutherans. Not beer league, but close. 
going somewhere in a momento, takin my SLR and a couple films, back in a few hours! 
Going somewhere, only, I have no fucking clue where... Oh well, I'm with him so its okay, lol. 
going sopping at the retail park today  hopefully ill be able to get some new boots. mine are completely ruined now D:
going star gazing tomorrow 
Going surfing with my dad 
going swimming ) ! then only 2 and a half days til.......... SUMMER !  oh hell yess.
Going swimming at 4pm today!! So excited 
Going swimming cause the pool is sooo amazingly warm! 
Going swimming later on today 
Going swimming later with some ahhhmazing friends! 
Going swimming with Vero. 
Going swimminggggg 
Going swimmng today!  Thanks
going t be.. heard my sweety on the phone just now.. i can fall asleep happy  nighty-night @acousticore
going through all my shit..moving to virginia beach july 1st! 
Going through my inbox and its amazing the people that pass through our lives. Some come and go. Some stay. Lost friends and best friends 
Going through proofs from yesterday - already very happy with some early shots. 
going through some old pictures and I kind of miss wearing glasses  wow, I never imagined myself saying that!! 
Going through the #sytycd timeline and finding interesting comments. Lots of fun 
going through the first chapter of my book...  want to make it real good
Graduated 2 days ago, thanks to my loves who came to support and congradulate me  Now I am sitting around being lazy. loving this weather.
Graduated high school, got a sweeet new phone and a fat paycheck in the mail... What a fantastic day 
Graduated high schoollllll!!!! 
Graduated today  
Graduated wow this is a great feeling, thanks to all that came!!! 
graduated. alumna of shs! 
Graduated...now both a uf alum and grad student!! 
Graduatedddd!!! Finna chilllll 
graduates college on saturday 
Graduating 
Graduating College... Oh yea and Im one of the speakers!! 
GRADUATING FROM COLLEGE TODAY!!!! 
Graduating in the morning 
Graduating today 
graduating today!!!!!! 
GRADUATING! It's been a great 4 years 
Graduating. Weird. Getting ready then off to Jessica's! 
graduation at marina with morg and macyy 
graduation ceremony today.. excited 
Graduation daaayyyyyy 
Graduation day  Thirteen years of school and it all comes down to this day.
Graduation Day for PGU! 
Graduation day! Congrats friends...wish I was joining you 
Graduation day!!  My oldest graduates high school tonight.  He officially becomes an Eagle Scout tomorrow!  I'm a very proud mom!!  
Graduation Day!!! Rhetoric Commencement at 2PM...chillin' with the fam till then! Yay 
Graduation Day... bout to get a rooty tooty fresh and fruity... and a bad coffee 
Graduation in 5h28. 
Graduation in less than 24 hours. Definitely getting emotional. Glad to have my baby with me 
Graduation is in about 2 weeks...I can't believe it. Everyone's invited! 
graduation is over.  Thank goodness. Now i get to get ready to go to work in the morning.  
Fashion Is The Next City...Take It To The Top... Fashion Blinds The Eyes Of Life !! check facebook group out 
FASHION SHOW TONIGHT! IM SO EXCITED  IF YOU'RE IN L.A. YOU SHOULD COME SEE IT. ITS AT EL CAMINO COLLEGE 
fashiondelicious.com LuLu's Fashion Diary: Soooo Totally Venice  - http://tinyurl.com/lxbru3
Fasion show 
Fast Forward 1 week and 5 hours please God. Thanks 
FAST in the morning, then tennis, then dayton 
fast writer in the phone  so slow in the &quot;keyboard&quot; &lt;3 ilove my slide phone &lt;3
Fasting from blackberry today...well...to be honest I left it in my car. We'll see how nutty I get 
Fat Albert just flew over, makes sense he is much bigger and cannot hang with the Blue Angels 
fat free rainbow sherbet ice cream 
Fat kids camp boarded this train, first injured  lol
Fat lady in airplane seat next to me is hanging way over into my seat. There should be a weight limit on middle seats. 
Fate rarely calls upon at a moment of our choosing..... . 
FATHA GOD YEEESSSSS! GOODMORNING!     
fatharaasee, a beautiful dhivehi word 
Graduation parties 
graduation parties, baccalaureate, graduation! 
graduation party 
graduation party tomorrow!  hittin up the wave pool   this has been the best week or 2 of the year.  finally starting to live
Graduation party was a success.  I cleaned up everything &amp; now looking at the pictures I took.
graduation party!! 
Graduation party. Feel free to text 
graduation practice 
Graduation Soon  xoxo
graduation today 
Graduation today  Happy for My kids But Im going to miss them... I already got attached i Just love them &lt;\3JLP
graduation today  i'm in the choir
Graduation today!!! Freaking excited 
GRADUATION TODAY!!!!! SO EXCITING 
Graduation tomorrow. Im so excited 
Graduation was great, high school was kool n this girl off to college. Start @ Bauder college AUG 11. Omg im offically grown! feel'n gud 
Graduation was overrated. Atleast the parties are good 
graduation yesterday.  no more high school.  all prettied  http://tinyurl.com/mrnr3e
Graduation. Then afterrr partttttay!  
Graduationnn, going to see my two favorite boys, senior all night party 
Graffiti  I'm not gonna paint over it I like it :] http://twitpic.com/3jpqn
graham norton show drunk is the very best time 
gran parents came over for a visit, how sweet 
Gran tarino is the best movie by far I've ever seen 
GRAN TORINO...is a great movie 
Granbury fun with a stopover in Godley to meet a very special boy named Obi 
Grand Prix Over.....  Jenson Button Owned..... Again!!!!   Back To Xbox It Is Then      xx
Father now knows I own and smoke Hookah. 
Father's Day is a-coming. 
Father's Day is coming  This beer's for you dad!
Father's Day is coming. Buy dad a romance novel http://bit.ly/C0KIv  
Father's Day is just around the corner and we have some fantastic gift certificate ideas. Have a nice day.  
Fats Waller was born here is a great movie. 
Fatty and gayla r fatties.....obviously 
fav morganmariah And who would this miniature math nerd be? 
Fav quote b/w me &amp; @tWittyUribes &quot;Hey man, you wearing your faja? Cause I am!&quot; [Lift my shirt to show my faja]. Sam starts laughing 
fav saying,  playing on my guitar, being a super star  
Fav song ; walking on the Moon  UGH S.S test today &amp; 2marrow ; nt even feeling it !
fave part of 2day= dancing to &quot;fun,fun,fun&quot; and &quot;anthem&quot; for dance team clinic! &amp; least part= nervous for 2mrw's tryouts!!  cant wait tho!
favorite pandora station ever: &quot;the flaming lips&quot;. it for some reason brings up all my favorites every time. 
Going through the internet for fun. 
Going through the second-shooter wedding images courtesy of VC &quot;headroom&quot; Y 
Going through three and a half days worth of unread emails...  thanks to all my new followers, hope I say enough to keep you reading 
Going through wedding reception images, and I keep catching myself smiling.  I love that  
going thru the villagee, to soccur practice! 
Going to &quot;The Work of Art&quot; conference in Surrey BC all day today....I'm very excited, and hungry for ideas and different perspectives.  
Going to @dearkaylax for a bit. 
going to @fearlesslauren 's party. rocking to nickelback 
Going to @sovino for Mother's Day brunch 
going to @thegiveback tonight! hopefully we'll see some cool people! anybody else going?? 
Going to @vvhernandez party  she just graduated soo happy for her.. Joshep I love you
Going to a baseball game today.  I'm kind of indifferent about this.
going to a basketball tournament with my youth group 
going to a BBQ tonight 
going to a bday party 
Going to a beachhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh party tonight 
going to a birthday party 
going to a birthday party today and we're going to barbeque.. luckily it's awesome weather 
Going to a birthdayparty today. After I've eaten dinner with my granny 
Going to a book store!! Help me decide what book to get 
Going to a boxing match in SF...FRONT ROW BABY!! 
Going to a Brewers game today! Yay! We actually tailgate for baseball games in Milwaukee...it's crazy! Cornhole, grilling...we do it all! 
going to a chinese restaurant for lunch.... maybe I get to read &quot;Cupid and Psyche&quot; then 
Going to a colleagues wedding on Thursday. The 3 working days would be really hectic. I hope I can cope up with 'em. 
going to a comedy shoooow  
going to a comedy show at Nick's Comedy Stop in Boston tonight with friends  have extra tickets if you want to gooo
Going to a cookout 
Going to a cookout with the family. 
going to a DDA meeting soon. 
Going to a diner with my grandparents 
going to a dinner &amp; a movie with my mom 
Going to a family-diner to eat 'asparagus'. I'm hoping that my sister in law can prepare them as good as my mother does ;)   (y) (h) :p
going to a graduation party for one of my best friends 
Going to a health inspection tomorrow. Employer wants to know if I'm fit for the job. I've been working here for, what, 4 months? Ha ha. 
going to a movie marrathon tonight 
going to a movie with my friends tonight... &quot;Up&quot; in 3D... yes i know im 16 but i like animated movies... im not into the scary stuff. 
Going to a movie. 
Going to a party in a resturant today  Well, theres a first time for everything 
going to a p-a-r-t-y! yay! 
Going to a raffle at a video game store. Maybe we'll win the Wii 
going to a show tonight with @alex_belle 
Going to a wedding reception!  so excited!
Going to Aalborg tonight - carnival tomorrow! 
going to abroad for vacation  be back @ june 4! HOW I WISH ILL MEET DAVID COOK THERE! HA, in my dreams =P
Going to Adriannas 
going to Airfest. Hope my head doesn't get burnt. 
Going to Alaska in 3 weeks! 
going to amber's 
Going to America. Gone all day. 
Going to an art fairrrrrr. And seeing my aunt that I haven't seen in years! 
Going to angels and demons with the fambam   *Cassiie Baby*
Going to 'Animal' themed fancy dress party tonite. Got myself a beret w/ a star on, some facial fuzz &amp; army jacket. Going as a Guerilla 
going to another birthday party tonite 
Going to Anthony Hamilton and Musiq's concert tonight.  Can't wait, should be good 
going to apple today! 
Going to apply tomorrow to west covina stores for a job 
Going to Arecibo tomorrow to record some Paintball sessions! I love recording/editing. 
Going to Arizona!! whooh!! 
going to Asianos with Jake a little later! 
going to ATL with Andrew to see the Cubbies play 
going to babysit my nephew for the night 
going to baltimore with jazzmin and ricky tomorrow  woooo party~
Favorite part about Europe: &quot;Big&quot; and &quot;little&quot; flush on each toilet 
Favorite place in the world to eat 
Favorite quote: There are no fairy tales...once i have seen a fairy and she had no tail 
Favorite Song: One and the Same by Selena and Demi 
Favour  I'm putting together a fun feature on gadgets that appeared in films first. I have quite a few, but may be missing some. Ideas?
favourite beatles songs, friends? listening to 1 of mine right now: &quot;ob-la-di, ob-la-da, life goes on...rarr, la la how the life goes on&quot; 
Fayes drink is being tanned ! Ty doll 
FB enabled custom urls. Mine is http://www.facebook.com/LouDk 
fb in pirate is so much more fun 
Fb no track meet 2day so its a lazy saturday 4 the Brown family 
Fbr trash doesn't suck... sike, hell ya it does. Post about this too 
Fccck the policee ruining the partying cus were to loud! Booo, Need some d kids I would be happpy as fck 
Fck 10 pm. To the park  to &quot;create art on walls&quot; with my lames  ahahah PURO PINCHE PARI.
Fck mcdonalds man. Watching up 
fck oath I love juice 
Fck thissss. Back to sleep I go 
Fck you and have a nice night 
FCK-Brï¿½ndby 4-0! 
FCS is lucky. Volunteers are two help desk and one crt staff 
FD6/4 @fatdirector I love the Anaheim farmers market! 
Fearless - Taylor Swift is a song that has this amazing ability to lift my spirits no matter how low they are 
Fearless--&gt; is falling madly in love again and getting back up and fighting for wat u want ---&gt;taylor swift's words 
Feast or famine: A little over a month ago I met 3 men. Haven't heard much from them until this last week &amp; now they've all asked me out. 
feasting on an assortment of japanese candy. be jealous 
feature i like about virtual machines - when you restart them your connection is not cut. #virtualbox headless vid rdp 
grand rapids today 
grand slam by crede in the bottom of the 13th. Twins win 
Grand Slam! Huskies tie it up baby! 
Grandchildren are great!  You get to do all the fun stuff and then let the parents handle all the yucky stuff!    SV
Granddad can finally eat semi-solid food after abt 3 months? And may be discharged soon, its been too long 
Grande iced soy caramel macchiato upside down extra caramel extra shot and crispy bar please 
Grande skim chai tea latte and frustration with the express lane... Yup sounds like a Tuesday 
Grandma Amy is coming back from Melbourne - sheï¿½s at the airport in about half an hour. Weï¿½re really happy to see her then 
grandma gone home, baked dinner was yum  myspace and msn are so boring these days
Grandma is irritating the shit out of me! And, fetching Aidan in a lil' while. On another note, BLOG'S UPDATED! 
Grandma Lomonaco is feeling good enough to open Cordelia's baby announcement - It's a good day. 
Grandmother coming today! She still spoils us a little 
Grandparents are coming over today 
grandparents arrive tomorrow... good nite 
grandparents house todayy. maybe more GH:WT 2v2s with witwix. we're 44-0. no one can beat us 
Grandparents just left. Love those 2! Nona is takin me to Jonas concert, and Popa takes me golfing. Great times. 
granny just came to my house! luuuuvs her. i just ran out and hugged her 
going to baseball game! 
going to be a good service this morning... 
Going to be a wonderful morning ... tweeting a touch, reading the newspaper, sipping on a cup of Joe, and will be watching Nascar!  
going to be another long day but i'm eating at the Three Fat Ladies for lunch, so it can't be that bad 
Going to be at the @soundcloud office in about an hour for open breakfast. Gonna bring records and fingerfood 
Going to be buckling down this week. So, relief for my twitter followers from my inanity. Enjoy my silence. 
going to be doing my hair today then be  outside with some kittens  
Going to be guys! Goodnight! 
Going to be live at the new Beer Barrel from 4:15-5:30 giving away goodies 
Going to be making a video today! God willing. 
Going to be more active on this space  - http://tweet.sg
going to be some Food for Es-Oh-EF-EYE 
going to be watching for the ups truck like a puppy... ordered my velour Mrs. Struble hoodie for after the reception! cant wait to see.. 
Going to bed  Church in the morning!
Going to bed  good night! sabrinaaa, &lt;3
Going to bed  goodnight.
Going to bed  i love my new pants  &lt;3333
going to bed  i should really tweet more often. night night yall!
Going to bed  Kisses, perfects persons 
Going to bed - see you at 5:30 AM...i hope  That is at least my plan...until 5:30AM comes around...
Going to bed  zzzzz...
going to bed (: watching mtv movie awards laterrr. Yeah that's right i'm gonna sleep now till like 3am over here and then imma watch it. 
going to bed , practicing guitar 
going to bed , what a night , diversity won  xx
going to bed . 
featured in KLue's june issue- page 40. HEY KLUE!  thankyouverymuch
featuring jasmine 
Fed up of working hopefully it's soon the week end and monday bank holiday 
Fedde Le Grand's &quot;Amplifier&quot; kicks ass. 
Feddle Le Grand feat. Mitch Crow - Scared Of Me .. wow .. amazing song 
Federer finally did it! Man I even cried! Funny how emotions are!  GO ROGER!
Federer takes the first set after saving three set points. 
Federer wins 4th set 6-1, he must enjoy drama 
Federer wins the #French Open 
Federico has accepted me on Facebook! Federico is my Italian pen pal by the way 
Grant tomorrow YAY  i hve been waiting all week for this day
Grape and pomegranite juice really doesn't taste anywhere near as Good as I hoped :/ pain au chocolat does though! 
grape-apple juice is the best juice ever! 
grapes are good for you... they help grow your grape bones. 
graphics class owns your ass. 
Graphs of your Etsy Shop Sales - coming soon to Yaami.com, more details soon 
Grass fight  Summer!!!
GRASS! i wanna get out of the car and roll around in it.  yay for california.
Grateful for the sun through the balcony door and the time to work on my site. Life is beautiful 
Grateful I had the energy to yak with my best friend for two hours tonight. 
Gratitude from me .. Now hand them over 
GREASE 2! 
Grease is on tv and i have a night free of interruptions. 
Grease Megamix!!  ? http://blip.fm/~73yfl
GREASE!!     one of my favorite movies ever! Can't wait till next weekend!!
Fee sale listing books   Interested in World War II and Pearl Harbor?  Some great books here.  http://budurl.com/35bv
Feed your Faith with the word of God n you will starve your fears, doubts &amp; unbeliefs to death.. 
Feeding ducks now, mucho fun 
feeding fish is fun http://bit.ly/19n8w4  
Feeding Jolly Ranchers to El Chupacabra!(a.k.a-jimmy)   he shall be my best friend to the end! XD  I LUVS U JIMMY!! and u too Pancho!
feeding my face. its what i do best, 
Feeding my kids a balanced diet of donuts and pop-tarts. 
Feeding my sleepy bubba and wondering how best to enjoy today's sunshine 
Feeding the people. 98 so far, so it's a busy Sunday. One of the men kissed my hand... He was grateful. 
Feeding the stereotype that everyone in Oz knows each other 
Feeding tummy sushi 
Feel alive again after catching up on sleep last weekend 
Going to bed after a fun day with my boyfriend. 
Going to bed after a great night with a friend  glad to know she has the same feelings about classes as someone else 
going to bed after a great night with some great people  I hope everyone goes to bed thinking the same thing 
going to bed after a great night.. ftsk was amazing 
going to bed after a long day  last night to sleep in my bed and see the fam though =\
Going to bed after the CAVS game  Don't judge me LOL
Going to bed again niighty 
going to bed and hoping I have a grandma to wake up to 
going to bed and i have a new work out plan 
Going to bed and then off to my get-away with my hubby @davekerber!!!!!  Won't be on for a few days, ya'll behave yourself I know I won't 
Going to bed and waking up to the first day of camp!!!!     YYYYYYYYAAAAAAAAA
Going to bed at 11p totally paid off.  Fully rested and awake at 6:30a. I can get in a good 10 hours of work and still be done by dinner 
Going to bed at 4 AM after a So You Think You Can Dance marathon.. seriously, I don't know what I was thinking.. sleep tight, twitterers! 
Going to bed at 8am. Don't be like me. Oh and I watched the pilot episode of Glee. Not bad. 
going to bed cuz i have to get up at like seven thirty or something tomorrow. today was actually not that bad of a day. 
Going to bed early cuz Mexico tmrw txt me 
Going to bed early. Photoshoot tomorrow 
Going to bed- good night everyone 
great @TweetBaby101 - how are u doing 
great 5 tonight!!! Time for some burgers and new Boom Blox at Harold and Amadas place 
great america today 
great app to keep track on whoÂ´s dropping out of your Facebook world (careful, might hurt your feelings  ):  http://bit.ly/15PDsx
great article in understanding the theory behind tuning a drumkit. take a look. 'might help you  http://home.earthlink.net/~prof.sound/
Great Auto Pilot For Twitter http://bit.ly/hfiRc For All You Busy Tweeple. 
Great birthday weekend! 
Great blog - Justice Conquering Religion? Shining some light in darkenss  http://bit.ly/C7k4
Great breaky at Cross Cafe around the corner... can't beat custom orders for $5  http://bit.ly/Ox6tB
great camp fire. def deep  excited about tomorrow.
Great choice 
great commentary from bob greene (CNN)   http://bit.ly/coO4m - How words can last a lifetime
Great concert last night  http://tumblr.com/xwk1jtwb4
Great conversation with @yuristar and @davidtodd regarding some upcoming and exciting news-details coming together 
Great couple of days ahead hindered only by a 6 hour shift on tuesday afternoon. Tomorrow I'll be wearing my zebra shorts 
great crowd. thanks santa clara! all the performers killed it. signing autographs and meeting the fans... they're soooo cute. 
Great day  I'm so proud of my younger cuzzo. He finally graduated :')
Great day  mitsuken, movies, 1vs100, nap, rock band.  sleep is now. Good night all!
great day  NCDC won Outstanding Student Org. AND Outstanding Community Service Event (Project Pumpkin!) PLUS FNS IM Soccer won 4-1!! WOOT!
Great day  one more week!
Great day  Wish it wouldnt end though. Ohwelll, goood night twittt heads. ;) Be safe with your fridaynight/saturday earlymrng.
great day @riverscrossing and @brandongilliam's soccer games tonight.  now, finally - bed.  ahhh 
Great day at church today. 
Great day at the horsies. Wish I had a strategy beyond, 'I liked the name and colors', but up a grand between the Derby and the Stakes 
Great Day for buying sneakers! 
Great day for Ignite today, yay! Hope yours was exceptional! Amazing what can happen with a can-do attitude. 
Great day for R&amp;R. Glad the sun is out - makes all things brighter! 
Going to bed I gotta get up early tomorrow... Goodnight 
Going to bed in Parksville tonight- great day with the King family!! 
going to bed night!! 
going to bed now  but i'm not going to sleep xD
Going to bed now  night
Going to bed now i think  school tomorrow (N)  night night  xxx
Going to bed now leaving for the cruise tomorrow 
going to bed now to snuggle with kids and get warm. 
Going to bed now tomorrow E3 
going to bed now! goodnight 
going to bed now! see u tomorrow 
going to bed now, and photographing Kara's wedding in the morning. Hopefully I can sleep--I'm rather excited 
going to bed now, probably get on that trusty ol' hiptop of mine  wish for my missing all time low tickets please me hearties, argh?
going to bed now, tomorrow I have  to write a test in in computing science^^ bye bye 
going to bed now.  my nails are neon pink 
Going to bed now. For real. Night all! 
Going to bed now. Good night everyone! 
Going to bed now. Goodnight people 
Going to bed now. Tomorrow I'm heading to the beach 
Going to bed now. Tomorrow the course starts early at Porto University. Here we go again... You all have a great week 
going to bed now. Tomorrow will be bittersweet. mostly bitter. I miss the cast already  Good thing we're all so close now!
Going to bed now. Watched some old TiVO. Did Pilates. Whitened my teeth and folded that laundry. Man, I feel productive. 
Going to bed now.. cause it seems i'm forbidden watching supernatural. Well, i'll try to put Jensen Ackles in my sweet dreams! Night 
Going to bed now.. Gotta getup earlier.. Have a great night twitterz! 
Feel complete...got my pancakes and a redbull! 
feel free to join youblogger 
Feel free to retweet to other hot chicks too. That's sasquatchalex@cogeco.com. He likes da boobies. 
Feel good after making it to the gym tonight. Right back at it tomorrow a.m. Feel good about that too 
FEEL GOOD MUSIC. http://bit.ly/EUNLs ENJOY !! (Please ReTweet) 
Feel happy today. Dad is doing OK, had a good old natter, &amp; Mom finally has a hearing aid &amp; she can hear (has been half deaf forever!!!) 
feel like bowling melons- like fruit instead of balls!! I'm on another level- beyond!! haha!! 
Feel like changing my blogskin &gt;:{ so many people are gonna get irritated by moi! teeheehee 
Feel like crap again. . But it's warm so it's all good. 
Going to bed sleep tight twitterland till tommorow now it's of to dreamland goodnight 
going to bed smelling like beer and smoke with a killer headache, social dip tomorrow, those boys were well worth it  stereos xo xo
Going to bed so goodnight everyone  and sweet dreams  http://twitpic.com/2y2e0
Going to bed so I can hit the gym before the aquarium 
going to bed soon, really tired. theres something weird about american biggest loser :| night, peaceandlove 
Going to bed soon. Had a great day! Can't wait for tomorow! I love you jesse 
Going to bed with Harlow now. I had fun with Gina and Dano at Denny's.  Too bad he left the food..
Going to bed!  and thinking of you.
Going to bed!  Gonna enjoy my last few days in KY.  God is good all the time, and all the time, GOD IS GOOD!!! 
Going to bed!  Hope you all have a marvelous Monday 
going to bed! Anyone at chermside tomorrow should visit me 
Going to bed! Bli replys songs like there's no other songs! But that's alright! I still love it it! 
Going to bed! Get a day off tomorrow  Hello to sleeping in!
going to bed! gotta have lots of energy to play with little man and the pooch 
Going to Bed! I Hope Everyone Sleep With Angels! GNight! 
going to bed! night everyone 
going to bed! still trying to think only positiv about tomorrow.... wird schon 
Great day in London, lovely to see all! 
Great day in Oslo yesterday. Stavanger today. Bizy? Yes 
Great day in the park!!! Pics coming soon 
Great day of Groundlings and 'Downstairs Guys' shoot. Feeling good. And tired. The right kind of tired. 
Great day of lounging  cleaning my room, some laundry, and off to watch the Lakers w/ my BFF.
Great day of shopping, now having dinner with my favorite auntie 
Great day of worship and preaching ahead at Compass Bible Church.  See you there 
Great day on the bus! 2 girls were saved and want 2 ride the bus 
Great day out 
Great day so far. Lots done, sunny outside and just ordered a @drobo 
great day to be a bostonian.  marathon, sox win, celts win, bruins win. 
great day today ... Ok, been awake for like 5 min ... Anyhow, aunts birthday = cake in the sun 
Great day today thank you Jesus for my family and friends and for all my blessings  !
Great day today! Just relaxed and hung with people watching movies and went mini golfing. 
great day today. 
Great day today. @cbilson @notmyself, thx for letting me be a part of ur brain child. 
Great day w/ @CinemaChurch ers...  we def learned a lot!  Excited about some projects kicking off this week - hopefully! 
Great day with Keith  can't wait for ian's tomorr  x
Great day with madame. just had a gd cold shower then off i go to work 
Great day with Troop 199!  A great bunch of Scouts. Home shower and my own bed tomorrow 
great day! 
great day, great weather, great place, great movie, great food, great people 
Great day. And another one awaits 
Great deal for Mac users, the Parallels unit is worth price of admission   http://www.mupromo.com/deal/852/5801/bundle
Great debut of the Reason synth at practice last night!  I am psyched with the possibilities.  Now to get a faster computer 
great derby weekend. 
going to bed!! 
Going to bed, another hard work day tomorrow, but I love hard work! Keep tweeting, talk tomorrow. Good Night 
Going to bed, but must share what may be my favorite pic of @ivanbasso from the #Giro yesterday: http://twitpic.com/6fbz2 Not my hand. 
Going to bed, chillen with shaw 2m and tie dying shirts!  goodnight.
Going to bed, g'night! 
going to bed, good night folks 
going to bed, goodnight twitter people 
Going to bed, got to wake up early to change the oil and get my nails done   I cant wait until Saturday!!
Going to bed, in pain fell on my shoulder today. Good night 
going to bed, Night 
Going to bed, night people 
going to bed, nighty night twitter world!! 
Going to bed, sweet dreams tweeties. 
going to bed, time for two and a half men and sleep 
going to bed, tomorrow is a long day! 
Going to bed, with peter. 
going to bed.  good night.
going to bed.  Makayla's adorable. Haha,she fell asleep while we were watching indiana jones
Going to bed.  Nighty ~True Love Conquers All~ &lt;3
Going to bed.  nighty night luvs.
Going to bed. 14 hours on a film set makes me tired, but so happy! 
going to bed. and tomorrow showing Mo the awesome apartment we found 
Going to bed. As promised 2 videos will be up tommorrow. one at 5. Eastern... Good night! 
feel like going home and sleep till the next day! 
Feel like I'm back from the dead. Good to be healthy again. Good to see the campaign didn't replace me in my absence 
Feel like I've eaten an elephant, feet have been replaced by blisters, and just too tired to move. Operation Birthday - complete success! 
feel like running away, far away, in a great place where no one can find me. 
Feel like shit... Going to watch Dawsons creek  Wish I didnt have to work this arvo!!!
Feel like something crazy  Want to go for a midnight walk on a beach 
Feel like summer Santa claus-- gift giving everywhere 
Great dinner with friends @ Clubhouse, talked about bonsai as usual  Helped me understand better what's going on in my mind.
Great discussions at last nights #uxbcldn Thanks to everyone for coming around  Just ordered Dan Gilberts Stumblin on Happiness for Â£5 Woo
Great DJ &lt;3 
Great event so far, didn't get lost, and made the restaurant! Thanks to Marc... Must learn French for next visit 
Great finalle for my day  GOOD NIGHT!
great finally my background has worked 
great first day at #bcleeds09 good talks, good food, good people, now to relax 
Great food from Bleu in Columbia  http://yfrog.com/5ewohj
Great fun at the poker table last night. Ended up 3rd when I fancied myself for the win so a bit disappointed but played well. Next time! 
great fun today  we'll miss you, seniors!!
Great game.  
Great Google logo today http://tinyurl.com/o85quv - Celebrating 25 Years of the Tetris Effect ....mmmm tetris 
great great first Saturday in the city!!  MoMA, Kmart (ghetto!), walking around, drinks tonight 
Great Guys to #followfriday  @tannerk @scottbradley77  @mmj5170 @JohnGaltKnows @BeaconOfLight @The_Gov @EconDog @formatted_dad
Great headline today in WSJ: Ticker Switch Lets NYSE Traders Use 4-Letter Words. 
Great Idea!!! 
great idea, great man, great job  re: http://ff.im/2ZxNJ
Great interaction/ convo today! Awesome. Success. Happy dinner 
Great its Friday and I am taking my wife to the London Eye then a Boat cruise and then lunch 
Going to bed. Goodnight  !
going to bed. GOODNIGHT TWITTER. 
Going to bed. Goodnight Twitterland 
Going to bed. Goodnight. 
going to bed. graduation practice &amp; senior picnic 2morrow 
Going to bed. Had a breakthrough in story idea. Will put on paper tomorrow 
going to bed. its been a long, nice, wonderful day!  i am so blessed
going to bed. It's cold 
Going to bed. Locking my doors. If I die, it's part of a conspiracy. Lol. Goodnight. 
Going to bed. long but fun day today 
going to bed. might go to church with bonnie lauren &amp; maggie tomorrow 
going to bed. night world! (L) 
going to bed. tomorrow im going to the mall with erika &amp; shawna to help them find their dresses. hopefully gonna do some shopping as well 
Going to bed.. night all! 
going to bed... goodnight! 
Going to bed... so sleepy now. 
Going to bed... Thinking about you  NIGHT WORLD!
going to bed... this time its for real! 
Great job @journik of explaining Google Wave.  I needed this an hour ago http://bit.ly/wb1qi   #googlewave
Great list for filmmakers and animators.  I'll have to read this later  http://bit.ly/1rVXw
Great lunch and now M&amp;Ms. All is good. 
Great MayFest event in Chicago. This is a great city to live and work in. Weekends like this one almost make up for bitter winter. Almost 
Great meeting you last night!  @DJA_RON @MajorWilliams
GREAT meeting!!! Guess the growing up thing isn't too too bad LoL. On my way to the mall now to shop for Orlando next week. 
Great mood, i have so much to be happy about and look forward to, it's time to appreciate it  &quot;Let's turn this negative into a positive&quot;
Great morning so far, cleaned house &amp; then had a life-changing devotional time. I'm ready to start the day 
Great Morning to you all...i still believe some ppl are truly clinically insane and THAT'S funny 2 me 
great morning tweeters...to day is helping hand day...so get out there and start lending 
Great motorcycle ride along Hood Canal and through Gig Harbor today. Not to warm, great sunshine, stunning day 
great movie! 
great my teeth feel extra sensitive right now , feels like if i were to poke it, they would all fall out 
Great new song from my sister linnimeister   http://bit.ly/avRbr 
Great news I'm annoucing artists Armand Van Helden, Armin Van Buuren, Laidback Luke &amp; stacks more this weekend at Winter Sound System! 
Great News we have moved from Lge2 to Lge1 on BBC site  http://npprs.tk
Great news, after much campaigning, the plan to destroy finsbury park ice rink is over... 1.7m will be invested into fixing it instead 
GREAT news.  more to follow?
Great night 
Great night    shrimp for dinner and Up! in 3D &lt;3
great night  bed now, shopping tomorrow
great night  some people make you really think and just have fun!
Great night @mosaicmayan tonight. What I needed. Thanks everyone who made tonight possible. 
great night @stefangilbert, @mitchblack, and @shanegrant. Thanks fo the great games of Halo  
Going to bed... wishing I was still in Quantico... 
going to bed...and lora i texted u around 8:30 
going to bed...dave, jordan and jeremy are coming to wilmington tomorrow for the weekend! i'm excited 
going to bed...excited to sleep in 
Going to bed...sweet dreams 
going to bed..need my beauty sleep 
going to bed.Alone and happy about it 
going to bed; night everyone 
going to bed; won't be back on till sunday night hope everyone has an amazing weekend :L love to you all Twitterworld  PEACE OUT xx
Going to bed? Archie fan.  &lt;3
going to bedd  goodnight twitter!  p.s. goodluck with the audition tomorrow, aimee! 
going to bedd but getting up in three hours for#midnightromeo 
Going to bedd now...night everyone 
going to bedd. Had so much fun tonight!!!! Pool Party tomorrow at the P HOUSE! Come out and see me tomorrow night!!!! 
going to bedd. then waking up and editing videos.lOl.night. 
Going to bedddd 
going to bethany beach! be back on wednesday 
Going to Birmingham today with @ravinmavin1 for Cosi, shopping, and &quot;State of Play&quot; at the Birmingham 8. 
Going to Black-Rock with Nat Moore and my family 
Going to Block 21 with my girls 
going to borders to buy Miles To Go 
Going to bowie to see my boy, and pare  of coursee, w/ anna.
Going to brave the heat and post a Coriandr order from yesterday 
Going to Brazil in Febuary!&lt;3 &amp;bringing beck!  stokkkked
Going to breakfast with @toro7553 soon.  i love good breakfast.
going to breakfast with @victoriamercedz family! 
Going to Brians graduation. Wearing Taylor Swift's designed dress. 
going to buy @Jonasbrothers album in the morning with @esizzle27 and @marissatech , then listening to it for the rest of the day  
going to buy a &quot;teach yourself the piano&quot; book tomorrow!! So excited!! 
Great Night and party! Got jiggy! And talked to henry and raymond!  Yay
Great night at Opera! Ricky Rocks on Drums, Cool Video Show, Rockwell, Me &amp; My fav girls! I will have sweet dreams for sure  Hope U do 2!
Great night last night 
Great night last night, great money at the club today and it's my friday 
Great night last night. I loves me some barn parties.  
Great night of music, ridiculous pictures and sitting on the rooftop with one of my favorite people.  pretty sad.
Great night tonight... @dividethesea was rocking... great time with @beckywilder, @thumperlyles, @stephenmwatson, @jaredsnead, and Kaleb 
Great night tonight... @dividethesea was rocking... great time with @beckywilder, @thumperlyles, @stephenwatson, @jaredsnead, and Kaleb 
great night with my best friends 
great night! great peolple! 
Great night. 
Great nite! we should have more of these guitar hero nites!!!  im off to get steamin...
Great now i have to do more owrk on top of this what fun this is  but im still in a good mood 
Great party on Melrose at the Village Idiot last night. Met many, was inspired by many, beautiful creative happy people all around me. 
Great performance at UCR spring splash tonight Common. Thanks for coming out to socal. 
Great photos from one of the Art Brut shows last week are here. I'm even in a couple of them  http://tinyurl.com/n7oyar
Great piece on the Beeb, LJ.  
Great place to spread your message. http://is.gd/Ivd8 http://is.gd/Ko8F 
Great post on Marketing Pilgrim, social media is not necessarily important to everyone, regardless of all the hype    http://ow.ly/9N8d
GREAT presentation by Barry Asmus PH.D,Senior Economist for Ntl. Center for Policy Analysis- at TMCA conf in San Diego #TMCA Thank you! 
Great press play show, found renz's wallet, &amp; now at Sharlene's 21st! Happy Birthday Sharlene!! 
Great PSP Downloads 
going to buy a book with Krista! and also to purchase index cards! 
Going to buy a ladder 
going to buy a nintendo ds.  yes, i'm a weak parent who doesn't no when to say no.  i don't care.  
Going to buy acrylics, brushes, canvases and stuff for Babe to get her painting again. She's a great artist. So happy she's waiking up 
going to buy lvatt today 
going to buy sims 3 tomorrow for my new mac book!! 
Going to buy some bread, and then I'll watch an episode of Lost 
Going to c Hangover 2nite?Home from the beach was there for 8 hours   the waves were good for surfin
going to c night at the musuem 2 
Going to Calgary tomorrow to see my bestie 
Going to California 
Going to call it a day , have a good one everybody and will be back tomorrow 
Going to Carmel for a couple of days with Justin and Moose dog! Thank you Bide-a-wee Cottages for letting our doggy stay the night 
Going to casino !!! 
going to catch up on my cobra cam and TAI tv now 
going to cedar point for the day 
Going to change my oil &amp; check my breaks today. Joyus day...assuming I can stay awake long enough 
Going to Charlie's double header. Headed over to Lucia's at 5 to work on our dance! 
Going to Charm City Swing tonight. 
going to chateau elan in the morning with ashley, then hacking ponies and mexican food....  ohhh sweet summertimeeeee
Going to check out a little second hand market and shop a bit in town as shops are open today 
Going to check out Adams Morgan tonight. 
Going to check out Spa Ja before going to do some NYC shopping. Goin out tonight! *Clearing My Mind* 
going to cheer on @MarissaC_25 &amp; @clangjersey1 in their home opener!! GO MYSTICS!! 
going to chicago for my birthday weeekend!!!!! 
Going to Chili's and having a margarita 
Going to chili's for dinner. Yay for southwestern eggrolls! 
going to church an then going somewhere afterwards but idk when. Can't stay in too nice if a day for that 
Going to church and todai for my Mom's bday  tweet me!! My phone is fully charged haha
going to church at 1pm tmrrw to build props for a skit gonna be fun  im gonna be at the church for 10 hrs (including activity)  excited!
feel like this  Look, I know I'm off message a bit but remember I'm a very disadvantaged African American male &amp; had 2 endure a very
feel like txtn. ughh. 412 848 **** im girlfriend number twooooo!!! 
feel like watching UP again 
Feel REALLY SICK today..!? urrgghhh.. hate it.. 
feel really sick.. maybe last beer wasn't good idea? Goin bed, Working tomorrow; 9 - 5 (what a way to make a living) couldnt resist lmao 
feel refreshed.. 
Feel sick. Can't sleep. Still sweet.  but feel like shit.
feel so chilled after that sleep i literally cant be bothered to do anything im that chilled, its the idea of no work till june 8th 
Great Punch-Out!! commercial http://is.gd/yuct Nintendo should do more ads like this one for the Wii 
great quote- 'every hot blooded woman needs an object to crave' - 
Great quote from @adverblog: &quot;98% of creative directors have an iPhone. 1% of actual people have one&quot;. So true 
great Race Seb. Vettel 
Great rainy weather and bomb spanish restaurant ah  dressin up with iggy = fun 
Great saturday 
Great seeing you at Dream Dress Auction @ilovefrocks. Can't wait to come shopping for frocks! Mom still talking about brown polka dots. 
Great seminar lastnight with Kobi Yamada CEO of Compendium. Learn that questions we asked ourselves have tremedous effects to our lives. 
great service at highlands!  its time to focus..and right now my focus is @laurawesley over lunch!
Great service this AM at FPCJ! Four babies got baptized  Infant baptisms always make me misty-eyed..
great show had a good day 
Great show last night if you don't mind me saying! Hope to see you all at the Gova Fair on Friday! 
Great show tonight @carsonjdaly! You did well by 'em 
Great show tonight @nyneofuturists! @kevinrfree you missed out on a shirtless @lessthankyle 
Great show tonight! So excited for the next one! 
Great show, fabulous friends, garlicy breath, and a full tummy makes me a happy gal! 
Great show, Jay Leno! Brilliant work, lots of great laughs!  
Great Singapore Sales 
great song  love this band â™« http://blip.fm/~7e03g
great song but not many people know about.  ? http://blip.fm/~6gicn
great song, great performance to watch, she (Janis) gives everything!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jb5o
great start India!! 
great start to the internship 
Great stuff @ the Pure Romance meeting!! Now headed to O'Charley's with the fam 
Great success!! Finally finished with all my pessach cleaning!  now time to hit the books! :-/
Great Sunday, not all items finished but great day 
Great teams give chance to other teams  #India #Australia #T20 exit.
Great time at @quattro2611 with the entire crew. Good seeing @eptaproperties again too 
going to church then looking forward to a great day 
going to church then lunch then home 
Going to church then work.. I have a good feeling about today! 
Going to church this morning! 
Going to church with Hailee. 
going to church with the lovely Miss Alex Masters 
going to church! first time back in 3 weeks--too much vacation! 
Going to church! I love Sundays. 
Going to church. And then I'll be going this afternoon again. I'm such a good girl. 
Going to cinema with my sister, but NOT TERMINATOR  PLUS: late show!! differs a lot so i am salving my conscience now mhh 
going to class then out shopping to get more stuff for my room then going to the gym 
going to class.. ttyl. hopefully making a video today. 
going to class... i'm sure I'll tweet during or somethin 
Going to clean my room and do a small workout! 
going to clean my room, watch tv, then read 
Going to clean the bedroom and then Im going to start my research paper wish me luck 
going to cleann :/ ... and listen to musiqq 
Going to cleve to visit my fam! i love being home 
Going to climb Ben Lomond today wish me luck 
going to closing night of wicked yay 
Going to Collingwood to relax and have fun! 
going to cologne now .. yay 
Going to color my hair now. Have put it off long enough...grays are screaming to be covered. And yes, I color my hair at 1 in the morning 
Going to conners soccer game at four with nick and the family 
Going to country style with the boys 
going to cousins game now! ... WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! 
going to cristina's house 
great time at @starbucks with @algarcia3505 &amp; @cgarcia47 ! now I'm out for a bit 
Great time at my bestfriends house 
Great time at the spa this weekend... no tv... no internet... no radio... rejuvenated!... I'm converted 
great time hanging with my lady and all my friends i love you guys a whole lot 
great time yesterday, hopefully tuesday will be as good an sunny than monday 
Great times with @austindurant ... Thanks for the beer!  
Great tit fledglings in garden well cute &amp; field vole munching on left over bird food, off down allotment later 
great to be on board  @portraitgirl ur welcome Debbie @lameymacdonald  will do @BoydGreeneArt   
Great to be sunbathing in my garden.  And this afternoon I'll be watching ADO to see if they can win this important match (on tv). 
great to find you on twitter 
Great to hang out with Kerri and @xo0xmadison today. AND I SAW @cassxjayy AT STARBUCKS! Haha now it's bedtime. Goodnight 
Great to see so many members from Ireland joining recently! 
Great track!  Listening to 'Kris Allens Heartless Studio Version.mp3' @imeem http://x.imeem.com/pzHPazjeUS
Great track... I'll see you at Tha Crossroads.  â™« http://blip.fm/~7g38x
Great tweets to know:  #followfriday @nationwideclass @showpup @estoerimo @hashweb @hashweb @hashweb  awesome tweets
Great video: http://bit.ly/15ZFjY &quot;Love can Heal the World&quot; Changing our energy from hate, judgement, apathy...to Love is a great start! 
Great weather here in sweden today...the sun is here 
Great weather in Izmir with @tamersahin 
Great weather in L:London:  Heading out to the West End now...
Great weather outside, a little hot but nothing is wrong with that, how are you guys doing today? 
Great weather today finally the sun is back 
great week at work, but TGIF  first 2 days of Twitter successfully completed!
great weekend  sooooo exhaustedd
going to crystal cove  i love california!
going to cut my hair in Bishan then head down to Serangoon to meet the guy who is hiring me for tmr and next tue! hopefully longer. 
Going to cut up a fresh pineapple.Yummy 
going to dancing  ciao
Going to Delux tonight  who's in?
Going to Derry! So pumped! 
Going to destin  we saw the dunkin donuts sign!
going to dh... hanging out with marissa!!!!! 
going to die in my guitar lesson , however can't wait for tomorrow at 11.15am=freedom 
Going to dinner with @ohmgeeitsmorgan! We need food therapy 
Going to dinner with a good friend. 
going to dinner with someone very speacial today 
going to Di's today 
going to Disney 
Going to Disneyland in a bit. ) I love my own little world. 
Going to Disneyland tomorrow! 
Going to do a 10 min charge so I can take u all to bed with me (iPhone - get ya minds outta the gutter) 
going to do a lake cleaning act!!! 
Going to do a mad dash outside to get some parsley 
Going to do hot yoga tomorrow!!! 
Going to do my French test now! Wish me luck 
Going to do some mods to the iTR push system to make it better 
going to downloadd the songg jessnadlisa sang in the paring lot i think its amazing 
Going to draw. 
Going to dream land in a few and wandering if Im going to dream being at a Stevie Nicks gig 
Going to dynasty to eat. 
going to earn some money...cleaning at nannys 
Great weekend spring weather in Toronto. 
Great weekend with good friends, food, wine and laughter. A great start to the next five years and beyond with @curtisvan 
GREAT WEEKEND! 
Great weekend! Rafting, bodyboarding, partying... muscle pain is a small price to pay 
Great weekend!!! Som new colabs in progress 
Great weekend, even though my site is not moved. Plenty other things to do and learn. Keeping the faith and looking to the future 
great weekend, just brilliant. can't wait to start my internship on Monday now!! 
Great weekend....cider, vodka, sunshine, steak pie, loch lomond.....now bed 
great weekendd 
great wings game 
Great workout  I feel ready to take on the day! 
Great workout with @mylifespeaks...I don't know if I will ever be able to lift my arms again  Now off to work!
Great! #mrTweet has added a &quot;lastupdate&quot; field! Finally 
great! GREAT concert tonight! /me &lt;3Â³ scott matthew! looking forward to longest music-festival in the world! #theatronmunich 
great! haha.. 
great! move up by 1  29. phreakaholic.com
great! move up by 1  70. kcbtours.com
great! move up by 3  85. instablogs.com
great! move up by 35  18. twitter.com
Great, itï¿½s friday! 
Great, just would rather be here with someone else other then MOMMY  lol. Old school Italian Engagement Party.
Great, long, preoductive day 
Feel sorry for those in the History exam RIGHT now. Goodluck! I just got out of bed and only need to go to school for chemistry revision 
Feel that humidity... SVR storm watch... hoping to see something good 
Feel the love!!  I just got my first #followfriday mention from @Happyhourguys!!!!   So if you like beer, you go follow them too!
Feel the need to vote for something daily?   http://www.chexmostpopulardriver.com/ go there and vote for Ryan Newman every day.
Feel the warmth of crown fire 
Feel way better after I just told her off. 
Feelin' great 
Feelin great  Just waiting to leave...
feelin great..im goin 2 college in july  and im super happy im solo that way i have no relationship drama..thx 4 messing up brandon..lol
going to eat a ice cream with my sista 
going to eat an ice-cream somewhere with my family 
Going to eat at grand lux for the first time..any suggestions? 
going to eat at my favorite place ever texas roadhouse! yay 
going to eat at perkins 
going to eat at the lodge   chilli fries are bitchin
going to eat breakfast 
going to eat dinner , no idea what we are having . stir fry ? i can smell it ! ahah 
Going to eat dinner at Olive Garden with Heather!! 
going to eat ice cream. church tomorrow morning. 
Going to eat icecream and watch Godhand Teru. 
going to eat indian 
Going to eat italian food with my daddy 
going to eat lunch with my mom now 
Going to eat mutton tonight. Eat mutton tonight. Get my sheep ribs tonight 
going to eat my cereal now.. and my 'To Kill A Mocking Bird' Book 
Going to eat Pizza Hut with my parents, Lance, Olivia, Leane, and Steve.  haven't done this is a while.
going to eat pizza tonight! 
going to eat something .. im starving  
going to edit my &quot;what is  in your bag&quot; video soon..  if is the tag my bag or your bag?
Going to El Segundo for MAC Update training 
going to english class  back in a few hours then 3D MOVIEEEEEE !
going to english exam right now 
going to enjoy a day at the beach w/husby, princess, jon &amp; sissy. fun times 
going to enjoy the day outside 
going to enjoy the rest of my sunday afternoon and sit in the sun and read a book! 
Going to enjoy this beautiful day 
Going to entertain the 5 y/o in me today, going to see UP in 3D. 
Going to erikas for a bit. Today was nice. Thanks to everyone who made my birthday enjoyable  Thanks for everything mom!
going to explore some hole in the wall restaurants around aiea side tomorrow for our b-gourmet article. I love mom-pop stores 
going to extoggery with mum, 
feelin much better now ... phew 
Feelin' really tired right now, gonna have rest for now, it's getting late here, thinking of sweet dreams! 
feelin' rihanna's old tunes right now 
Feelin' sober! Is it a good thing? Well, definitely a bad thing for my friends 
feelin soo happy right now.. seems like almost all of my wishes r comin true ! 
feelin` so fresh &amp; so clean 
Great, thanks for that @ashantiomkar - good to get a second opinion 
Great, they deleted those guys from the ms.twitterworld list. 
great. left my make up, debit card and license in plastic bags w/ rest of toob stuffs. *shrug* it was worth it. 
Feeling a bit better today. Had an awesome time at Rocco's last night!  looking forward to dinner tonight. Happy Tuesday!
Feeling a bit too relaxed, like creepily relaxed. Then again, 1/2 the world is asleep. Mustive been the Eagle Eye movie, w/Shia LaBeouf. 
Feeling a little better  Alfee &amp; Nick cheering me up
Feeling a little better off to Hamburger Marys in Weho for some protein and watch gays do the same 
Feeling a little better today   Hope to feel 100% by tomorrow so I can put in a full day at the Burnsville garage sales.
Greatest Day - Take That 
greatful dead. i love gerry 
grecia! its between mood &amp; party! i wanna see him lol but we are going out fershure. 
greeaattt day yest!! house full of children.. i got lost playing with them hah 
greeeeeeeeeat mood!  how come twitter be so quiet tonight?! D:
Greeen Day is preforming! They're rad. 
greek food 
greek salad for tea 
greek season finale= frustrating... can't wait until august 
Greek time!! 
GREEN DAY 
Green Day and livelavalive = new IDOLS... Sorry Lacey, but your awesome voice cannot compare... i hope you'll settle for number three  ...
Green Day rulezz, can't wait to see how there gonna do on Conan tonight!!! 
Green Day tickets in like 2 weeks . and i dont have the money :S:S:S. haha mum is going to be pissed when i ask her for $100  LOL
Green Day tour... HERE WE COME 
Green IT. It can be affordable, it can be efficient.. Let me tell you how we can help you become 'greener'. Green IT is the future.. 
Green Lake with My sister and Cuzin 
Green looks good on you 
Green party just won their first seat!!!  so far there's an equal amount of racists as there is hippies! :/  - Richard
Green peppers, lil steak and watching Down By Law - Jim Jarmusch.. This is what it feels like to be home huh! 
Green tea + oreo = tea time 
green tea at 11:34 pm. 
Green tea mask and chemical peel? Haha  hey cody when you get here you gotta feel my hands!
green tea to slow my metabolism &amp; reduce breast cancer 
Feeling a little bit better about moving. Think positive, work hard and have as many dreams so they may come true. At the end, we must be 
feeling a little crafty. 
Feeling a lot better today.  Been able to go for a walk and will be making a special treat for dinner with Jenny tonight. 
Feeling a lot better..just sore still..just today and tomorrow then I'm off from work intill next thursday 
feeling a lot getter today! and just woke up from a little nap 
Feeling a wee bit rough from last night...Good night though  I loveee karaoke &lt;3
Feeling accomplished and smart 
feeling an intense love for medsoc L6 because it makes me feel like i'm studying history again. 
Feeling and looking like shit today, so here's a photo of my bung tooth and the top of my head.  http://tinyurl.com/nccbwz
Feeling awesome!!   Ask me why ;)
GREENDAY &lt;333 know your enemy is a great song 
greeting again every momma : Happy Momma's Day! 
greeting is good 
Greetings and Salutations! 
Greetings from Earth!  It's going to be a good day. I can feel it.
greetings from the land of the unemployed!! 
Greetings from the Scottish Highlands.... 
Greetings June Warriors! 
Greetings Pplz! 
Greetings starfighter. You have been recruited by the star league to defend the frontier against zur and the kodan armada. Watching tv! 
Greetings to all my... 4 followers  xD  
greetings Twitter world ! and how is everyone today ? 
greets all CKP'ers a good afternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/119tln
GREG JAMES Can YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE ITS YOUR PEN PAL LILY WAINWRIGHT 
Gretsch guitar's are my favourites 
GREY GARDENS!!!! 
Grey morning, warm bed 
grey skies in new york welcome me 
grey. soup. toast. institutionalism in political science. NZ telco reforms history. ponsonby road. what a sunday 
Grey's Anatomy Season 5 Finale tonight!!! 
grey's time!  can't wait to see UP tomorrow 
Feeling better after a good lie down. Panadeine helping, too 
Feeling better after e-spring clean:  filed all important emails in proper folders and deleted the rest of my inbox   
feeling better than yesterday 
feeling better today &amp; hoping for some sunshine 
Feeling better, 2 showers and a 6 hours of sleep later. Getting up to do it all again 
feeling better.    finally.  school.  secret angel reception.  work.  award ceremony.
Feeling better. Thank goodness 
feeling blessed today...it's a beautiful sunny day here in california, i'm spending time with the hub, and we're about to have chipotle. 
Feeling blue. Eaten way too much chocolate. But that glass of New Zealand Merlot went down well.... 
Feeling bowling ball-ish 
Feeling bummed... time to see if Serendipity still works.  
Feeling completely validated and having a purpose and completely wanted.    GREAT WEEKEND!
Grilled cheese and a Multi-Vitamin juice is going to help me trough this day 
Grilled cheese. Just got to gails 
Grilling out on the back deck with my mom. It's a good day. 
Grilling out with the fam. And procrastinating studying for finals 
Grilling out/drinking with @globalsuit, @jmywontons, @justcool and others  yay summerrr
grilling, my girls, hockey and beer....it's a good Saturday 
Grindin' On My Project - Tryin' To Rap It Up, But God Keeps Pouring New Songs In My Pen .....&amp; I'm Lovin' It ....Thanx Lord 
grindin'!!!! exam in the morning....cant wait for it (kinda).cuz once 1 comes..the others will come flyin.nite tweetiepies.PRAY 4 ME! 
grinding almonds for use in a new brownie recipe. Kirsch is an important addition too! 
Grinding for magic essence in Warcraft.  Suprisingly fun 
grinning like a Cheshire cat.... ....happy as hell. they made my day  ??
-grins happily- Frank won the Player of the Year Award and Essien's goal against Barca won Goal of the Season. I voted for them! 
Grocery shopping and breakfast with my son 
Grocery shopping at 5 am=effective!  A bit sad too 
Grocery shopping: check. Now to pick up propane and buy cilantro plant 
groggy. just woke up. i actually slept more than an hour last night!  dorrrra. 
Groovin to brittney's circus in the car w/ avaboo 
Grooving to Reggie &amp; The Full Effect at work. Yes. 
Groovy flood today, @glaforge twitter posting should be limited to 10 per day, are you trying to beat @chanezon ? 
Going to feed the horses in a mo 
going to feed turtles with SM and Kating Rinpoche 
going to Fetish Prom AZ 2009 to party with one of my girls 
going to finally enjoy my gossip girl marathon - drama, suspense and lotsa gorgeous clothes here i come  have a good sunday night yall.
going to find a good book to read in the sun 
going to find some breakfast...or lunch I guess at this point.  Kiss 96.1 FM Summer Concert tonight in Ft. Collins, see you there 
going to finish cleaning the bathroom. halfway finished and i took a break for dinner and a game or two. 
going to finish my work and then i get to go home at seven and say night night  lovers you people  bye bye 
Going to fitness studio now 
Going to florida tomorrow!!! 5:45 am flight 
Going to fly a plane with Karan 
Going to fold laundry and then hit the sack. I have boring saturday evenings 
going to follow back everyone who follow me, so if I miss you, pls remind me, love and peace.141 followers now  thx! I'm honored 
Going to Frankie G's with friendss 
Going to Friendly's 
going to Galveston tomorrow 
Going to germany for 2 days with BF  Will bring sketchbook.
going to get a hair cut today 
going to get a massage today 
Going to get a shower, catch you all later. Peace, love and chicken grease 
going to get another cuppa  im so cold!
going to get crawfishhh  
going to get dress and then to the mall  
going to get fit; starting tomorrow 
going to get hayden  be back tomorrow 
Going to get into some trouble today... 
going to get McFlurries even though the brakes aren't working properly in my car but oh well 
going to get my hair trimmed. i want it to groww backk!! then going to kenna's bday party &lt;3  lets go cavs!!
Going to get my mum back  happy days!!
going to get my nails done with shannnnon 
Going to get my new tropical fish in a minute 
going to get my nose re-pierced . 
going to get RAY BANS!!!!! 
going to get ready , off out for dinner 
Going to get ready to go out to eat 
Going to get ready, going places with my aunt today! 
going to get ready, lunch then going home 
going to get ready.. then need to paint nails, research, return library book... anything else? byee 
Going to get rid of my Kirstie Alley hair later 
Going to get Sims 3 tommorow...It should be really good  I hope....
going to get skrinky dinks and or dippin dots 
Going to get some ink done tomorrow...  pain. pain. pain.....  
Going to get some nachos and some dry shampoo.    
Going to get some strawberries for the champagne tonight! 
going to get some sun.....then a manicure and pedicure 
going to get something to eat 
going to get supplies to make kandi later 
going to get the curious case of benjamin button  how exciting.
Going to get the new album (Lines, Vines and Trying Times) at midnight!! 
Going to get The Sims 3 at some point  but until then, TS2 will suffice. Off to play that now! Toodaloo for a tiny while! 
going to give best friend about 7 books of moleskine for her trip to germany for next semester. she is quite thrilled aobut that. 
Going to Give It All You Got fest today  with @thehint @thescenic @Mercymercedes and other bands :]
Going to go &quot;camping&quot; in the fort with my sisters. 
going to go and get food... im hungery. football game later and having some fun... Lets get this 
Grounded for the weekend. But really... I dont care  Best show ever
Groundswell has been written by the lovely @CharleneLi   #blogchat
Group r so much fun...especially when new frndshps r made 
grove is in the heart!!! &quot;dancin&quot;  meow @iiBrandi: &quot;@audiomurphy good choice!&quot; â™« http://blip.fm/~7f0ic
Grovemurm4everdhlq1.  
growing pains are good 
Growing up we hear &quot;two wrongs don't make a right&quot;..if so..then why in math when you multiply two negatives do you get a positive? 
grr boys annoy the shit out of me, why cant i just hang with mah girls all the time 
Grr I have to get up now *sigh* hahaha I'm so lazy 
Grr, can't get on the cp til 7! Has Paula tweeted since her home sweet home tweet? If ro, could some1 plz dm it 2 me? 
grr, the day that never ends.  almost done though 
grrr , why cant people get over them selves long enough to see what a total bitch their being? P:S love taylor swifts new song 
going to go eat a last night of fl seafood w/ @phillyfaded and @thestickolas...then margaritas and hot tub/beach tonight 
Going to go eat Frosters Freeze!!!  yippie!
Going to go find something to eat 
Going to go for a walk in Lathkildale - enjoy the sunshine today folks! 
Going to go get my hair cut! Then lunch. May be driving to Walmart. Yay!  Bye...TWEET TWEET TWEET! (I am such a  loserrr!) ily A.F.
Going to go get my hair done....LIGHTER! 
Going to go get real rocks for the 125 gal from a rock cut. Will be baking them later, along with the purchased gravel. tweet ya later 
Going to go hang out with my chicks .. 
Going to go have a Roast Dinner 
going to go have bbq's with my fam  yum!!
Going to go have drinks with Mike's unit  Yeeeee!!!!
Going to go lay down.  Hey, stayed up til 11:30 today!  Doing better all around me thinks.   Progress....
going to go make some popcorn and watch a movie or something 
going to go out for breakfast! I havent gone out for it in like months! 
Going to go pack! be back in a bit! 
Going to go pick up my car from 5Points, then going on a Harley ride!   So fun!  Has anyone seen The Hangover yet? Might see that tonight.
going to go see her roommate in the play Talking With later today. Then to the baseball with a Jack Ingram concert afterwards 
Going To Go See My Younger Brother Whos Home For A Visit 
going to go see Star Trek tonight with some friends. 7:15 at Chateau if anyone is bored. 
Going to go see terminater 4 after that Pacsun 
Going to go see UP tonight with Corinne!!  I am soooo excited about this movie!
going to go see wicked tomorrow. should be fun  going to dress up all witchy and stuff haha
Going to go shopping and eat at The Cheesecake Factory with girlfriends! 
Going to go soak up some English sun 
going to go study for gayyy finallllsss. 3 more dayss!!!!!!!!!! 
going to go target shopping in a spiff...  i love me some target shopping
Going to go the movies to see &quot;The Hangover&quot; 
going to go to a poi workshop soon? i dont know what it is but it will be FUN 
Going to go to bed now I still can't believe I talked to Drew   that made my night! Goodnight!
going to go watch film on TV now. 
Going to go watch her boy play soccer! 
Going to go watch The Taken.. excited 
Going to go workout - not motivated but going to do it anyways - after it's done I'll feel better!  
going to grace's house to night. movie buddie  
going to grad parties today...woooo 
Going to Graduation! 
Going to grandmas 
going to grandparents houseeee for the day 
Going to grannys 
Going to gravely point to watch airplanes 
going to Greenhills with my mom later for some shopping 
Going to guitar and then to Liz's game 
Going to guitar center. 
going to hand in dissertation today  Bet the second I hand it in I think of something important I should have included
going to hang at with my family in kennesaw while ryan is working! 
going to hang out with my friend Anggie..!!  and another friends =P
Going to hang out with my new family 
Going to hang out with my students on a Saturday night... wow... that's a first and probably a last! 
Going to hang with Coop! The moon is huge... I knew I was feelin a lil rambunctious 
going to hang with my boyfriend 
Going to hang/skate in OKC today. Impending Doom tomorrow. TEXT/CALL me today if you want to hang out. 
Going to hangout with friends at the club.  Happy Friday to everyone.
going to hannah montana movie later and going to do some revsing. so glad the weather is better today. 
going to hannahs house 
going to hasler's later, boating all day tomorow with him 
going to have a BBQ this evening 
grrr my flight is already listed as delayed by an hour and it doesn't even leave for another 7 1/2 hours....maybe it'll change?  hopefully
Feeling confident about the way I look. 
Feeling creative 
Feeling devious.  Watch out, (fr)enemies.  I am a yuku coding genius.  Or possibly just play one on TV. 
Feeling devious. Watch out, (fr)enemies. I am a yuku coding genius. Or possibly just play one on TV. 
Feeling excellent after working out to Bodies in Motion with Gilad. 
Feeling excited about new 4 wk project as community/social media manager for sustainability conference. Lots of writing &amp; interview too! 
feeling extremely hung over 
Feeling extremely tired. Also, frustrated by people being inconsiderate. Had a cute pharmacist! Bright light to everything. 
Feeling fine, feeling great! Bout to nap until its time for me to go to my Granny's BBQ. Family all day!!! Isn't it the greatest? 
going to have a much better day than yesterday... only positive thinking  today 
Going to have a nice bath and grab something to eat 
going to have a shower 
Going to have a shower, later, go to my sister's house, to watch her new living room  And later, study, study and study
going to have a shower, than dinner and than maybe msn-party 
going to have a shower.. then lunch and finally cinema with the girls!! 
Going to have an early night  NIght Twitter/ Facebook / youtube/ fmylife.com/ bebo haha
going to have another shower coz im bored 
Going to have breakfast, then put my face on before meeting Kat and the two Jamies for bowling fun 
Going to have dinner  hahaa
Going to have dinnerrrrrrrr, yummy  hahaha
Going to have Emily-time while Alex is trapped on a Mystery Journey to the center of the earth. 
going to have mexican with best friend 
going to have my always sweet dreams. 
going to have my tea in the garden in the lovely suuuuuuunshine 
Going to have the time of her life in Charlotte tomorrow!  about damn time.
Going to Hawaii!! Whoo-hoo!!!!  TaTa LALA Land
going to hayleys tonight , SEX &amp; The CITY marathon tomorrow, fuckkk yessss 
going to HCC then hanging out with Alwood for the evening 
going to hell for laughing like that.. oh my god. bedtime. night dearies. xxo 
Going to help an elderly neighbor clean up her garden.  Let's all spread a little kindness today!   
Going to Henk and Teuni for Teuni's birthday, Isa's making nice drawing now 
going to herbert's to pick up some amaaazing mexican food! yay for sopapillas! 
going to hit the hay, my finger is killing me, i cant even feel it now! ahh! leave me things 
grrr!  Angry customers are so mean :'( watching you tube! 
Grrr! @ATT to Darnell: &quot;You're about to go over your text limit for the month.&quot; Well, at least I have Twitter. 
grrr. jason is grounded. won't see him for a while :/ but on the bright side six flags with aroosa khan tomorrow ! 
grrr... I'm tired of waiting. My eyes are closing, Time to sleep... Good mor-night y'all! 1 week more before the classes stars.. 
grrrr finals tomorrow. Oh wells school is almost over. Gig this Friday! 
feeling frisky sitting in my Tommy underwear take my picture  http://www.myspace.com/38pr
Feeling good about our win! Its nice being softball champs  bring on the season!
feeling good today  back to work on dreads dreads dreads again now
Feeling good,sun shining in Germany 
feeling good. i think its gonna be a good day 
Feeling good.....3 day assignment extension for no apparent reason....I shan't be complaining 
Feeling grateful   Last night 'A complicated melody' was well received.  Thx Croydon Communicators.  1 more to go &amp; I'll have my Bronze.
Feeling Grateful for what i have and what ill gain in the future Things change and my cup is always full now 
feeling great tonight... maybe it's right and all you really need is love 
Feeling happy  ... a new page in our life is starting!
Feeling happy today!!! Got my 1st photo published in a magazine today. Check it out.  http://www.talentphotomagazine.com/
Feeling happy! Happy Happy! Think i inspired ppl today thro my sermon. Mashallah, Alhamdulillah! Happiness all around! Bring on the Ajr! 
Feeling human again this morning  Got cup of tea &amp; planning the day whilst sat in bed!
Feeling hydrated and clean. Its an awsome feeling. Dressed and feeling good with a nice big glass of ice tea. 
feeling just a bit tired 
going to hit the sack not literally. nighters 
going to hit the sack!  hopefully tomorrow will be a better day!  night, tweets!
going to hit up town 
Going to home  !!!!!!!!!
going to home, next UFES 
Going to hoover my room, then find all odd bits of cash around my room. 
going to hop into the shower soon 
going to hot spain soon  
going to hunt down some food...might even enjoy it in the sun 
Going to Hyde Park for a Punic today 
Going to i don't know where with taylor,dolton,jacob, chris and my sister. 
going to ian's house. [my bby daddy.]  moving to melbourne fl. next tuesday. then a job interview on wed. YAY. hope i get the job.
Going to IBOC Monday School with Sanyu 
going to ice zone with the gvh kids 
going to iHop with Amanda, Raleigh, Claudia, ect. ect (other tadwanians) then CSUN  xoxo
going to ihop with my big bro! 
Going to ihop! 
Going to InChurch 
Going to install Windows Server 03 and Seven Beta 1 on Vmware Workstation 
Going to Ireland on wednesday next week woooooooooooot  
Going to Jack's for dinner with my BFF! 
Going to jam all night long 
going to jessicas and joshs 
going to jess's show today. 
Going to john's party 
Going to Johnson City, TN this morning------I might tweet it 
Going to join a new sydicate lake. Can wait to explore the lake and catch my first carp from it. 
going to Jordan's Holy Communion  then on to St Raphael's for its 50year celebration!
Going to joshs house  txt it  205-300-1063
Going to Josh's house! 
Going to Jump in the pool for a little while Get my Tan on 
Going to kaysi's, hope there's wifi! Text! 
going to Kedah and Perlis today 
Going to Kenny Rogers dinner and Starbucks lepak-ing with Mr.Boyfie. 
Going to Kennys house with Twinnie&lt;3! WIN 
Going to KL today, selling phone and meeting Jeff &amp; Nick. 
Going to knock the fuck out cuz im tired ass hell gonna stay home all day tomorrow maybe gonna party but good night! 
Grrrreat weekend  Early bedtime and then beginning Week 10 of my Junior year woohoo! Finishing strong so it all pays off 
Feeling kind of bad for ATL right now. Ah, gna pre-order The Cab's new EP in a few minutes 
Feeling like a bit of Laksa at our favourite Laksa place 
Feeling like a school girl with a crush! 
Feeling like an idiot. Looking up instructions for making a call to Europe. Obviously, I need to get out more. 
feeling like an internet geek now. just discovered how to get to watch my fave videos online and keep 'em 
feeling like death.. but enjoying our new big screen tv 
Feeling like I'm ready to be productive this morning!  Wow.. and it only too 4 days.  
Feeling like shit! piercing my ears tomorrow! Cant wait to meet crumm face and hang out with ken face!  wants to talk to bb!
Going to konfirmation  &lt;3 Weee ,.
Going to Korea on the 7th.  Choo Choo Choolbal!
going to kutztown for the night to see my BFF 
going to la iglesia. 
Going to LA!  I was actually able to convince my mum and dad to let me go down~ prolly heading down after class thurs and coming back sat.
going to Laguna Beach tomorrow!!! 
Going to lake m with lex! Jus got strawberry water 
going to las vegas on monday ill be there for a week get at me 
Going to Laura's graduation recital. 
Going to lay by the pool 
going to lay out with my mommy  and maybe joey..?
Going to lay outside with Tristan 
going to learn science and then watching the McFLY Justin Lee Collins interview again.  amazing .. but I miss @tommcfly in this... xx
Going to learn the hoedown throwdown today.  
Going to Leeds 
going to legends for bens bday 
Going to let the chickens out 
Going to lick some sun    Sunnydays, will you stay ?
Going to lift weights and then do some swimming  Be back later...
going to lion country safari! 
Going to log back onlto Streamate in a few minutes. I will like going at it for another hour or so. 
going to london 
going to london today to see miss @britneyspears ! 
Going to London Tomorrow  Yayage for London!
Going to look at another possible apartment 
Going to look at book 2--try writing a little before the hubby's back from his students' graduation. Nearly 10pm. Ah, a teacher's life! 
Going to look at houses with my grandma...then a couple beers with her after 
Going to look at some gear with Northblues,  what a great way to start a week-end   
going to look on the positive side, maybe losing my phone again means i have an excuse to get meself a blackberry 
Going to lunch at pagoda with the fam 
Going to lunch now so I can finish some work so I can go to mcnellies early. I love my thought process! 
grrrrrrrrrrr traffic. time to get to office. later 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. my brother's mean. my sister's stingy. still, i love them 
grubbd on helluv carne nd chicken! 
grubbin' with @EricaMonique876 and watching the MTV movie awards again! 
Gryffindor again. And again. And again. And again.  http://tr.im/ngxQ
gt a new n73 music edition. mgt be old 4 some one. but still new for me 
Feeling lonely... Shuffle gives me &quot;The Geeks Get the Girls&quot;.  Better now. 
feeling loooads better. majorly excited for tonight! 
Feeling mighty accomplished 
feeling much better now..  not so stressed, yet.
feeling much better than before  Working @ wired tonight!! 2 of my favorite customers came in so far tonight 
Feeling much better today  http://tinyurl.com/ptkjq9
Feeling much better today  it will be a beautiful day on the river!!!
feeling much better today, will tweet regularly today 
Feeling MUCH better!!! Finally making my way to the hair salon 
feeling much better, finally not sick anymore 
Feeling much better...headed to the gym + then abs class  Then worrrk...! Wishing my @alicemarie47 a Happy Birthday! C ya 2night luv 
Feeling oh so pretty after a day at the salon! 
Feeling pretty bad, on of my favorite kappas is talking to me tho 
Going to lunch with my Big and Grandbig 
Going to Macados with Caleb, Adam, Greg, Katie, and Sarah  Happy Graduation Greg!!!
Going to Makati Today, See ya.  http://plurk.com/p/ysmqc
Going to make a fire 
going to make a sandwich and then sleep cuz I'm going up early tomorrow I'm going to church 
Going to make a star lei for a high school graduation tomorrow 
going to make a thai red curry this week as well.   i looove thai red curry.
going to make dinner 
Going to make dinner, be back in a while 
going to make my posts private again, so feel free to request to follow if you would like to keep following me 
going to make myself a bowl of quaker oats with condensed milk 
Going to Mall Of America with Holly. 
gOing tO maLL of Asia.. wohOOO.. 
Going to Malpensa airport accompanying my wife to a far trip to Minsk. Then will come back to Milan to later today repeat the route 
going to mangdu in a bit, then to magnivate's office, after that senci and maybe fx O_O oh my 
going to many temples today...good merrit day 
going to martha's house tonight. looking forward for tomorrow 
Going to mass, then sitting through a massively long graduation just to hear Taylor's name. I should bring a book 
Going to McDonalds at 4:35am. 
going to McDonald's w/ David.. yup. @ this hr. 
going to McDonald's with good ol'CharlieC. kuya jayjay! HAHA.  fries!!!!!!
Going to MediaMarkt to assist my girlfriend with purchasing a good LCD tv 
Going to Meers w/ the fam 
going to meet a friend of me and my sister 
Going to meet my sis for lunch 
going to meet of Champions FINALS at uc berkeley again  top four make state!
going to meet up with joe 
going to mgm! im gonna ride the rockin rollercoaster all day 
Going to Mike's. 
Going to Milan this weekend. cool 
gtg now 
gtg now short shopping for europa-park tomorrow 
GTG playing sims 2 
gtg.  i need rest. i`ve been at this since 8am. )0
Gtg. Bye twitterworld! 
Guano Apes - New song (live @ Sofia 30.05.09) http://tinyurl.com/mg8tgp I don't know the name of the song. If somebody knows tell me 
guapo_thechaser: Testing.  And resting. 
guckt The Simpsons 
gud afternoon twitterrreeerrrss!!!! Man i am watching Bleach over and over again hahahaha!!! 
gud am, painting and music on the agenda.... i feel inspired....... wish i get the call back for the audition today 
gud night pips... 
Gud night ppl, bk in Ldn &amp; 2nyt was fun. BVGers out &amp; about. 2moz = Rehearsals and then a fitting for a new TV commercial - should be fun 
Gudmurning everyone..nyarap bubur dpantai yuks!! 
gudnyt everyone!  bye
gudy night 
guess he wants to play a love game 
Guess I better go to bed cause I have to get up at a semi decent hour. Night errbody 
guess i will get up and get ready for church.. looking forward to all of the awesome things that are gonna happen during the services.. 
guess i will stick to the web tonight 
guess ill just eat. 
Guess I'll see you all on the flipside of the blackout.  
guess ill sing for my mom next sunday when my grandparents are here 
guess my gf just fell asleep lol oh well night twitter 
guess so ? 
Guess Spring is going to get here eventually, but in the meantime .... for now  ... @penfabulous, morning @DJ... ? http://blip.fm/~3xl7s
guess the only bus you ride now is your own tour bus, good job 
Guess we're back! But Roseanne is on, I live! Paayyyce! 
guess what - those blinking cats are back - go away lol 
Guess What ?!?!?!?!  Picture comment or leave one please  http://tinyurl.com/mn384w
Guess what @gracefoolly 's car is so loud, I'm pretty sure if we made it go fast enough it could go back in time. 
Guess what Ä± am doing now? Eating cake AGAIN  Birthdays are great especially when you have 2 cakes in fridge 
Guess what cute little girl slept from 10-3 and 3-8!!  What a great night of sleep!!!
Guess what guys!! I GOT GREEN DAY TICKETS! 
Guess what guys? Roxxy actually responds to me on Twitter! 
guess what my fav. show is  [24] i juss bought season 7. currently layin down watching 1 disc at a time. i need 2 go 2 sleep.work n AM
guess what!? LVATT comes out the 12 of JUNE in Spain!, that is MY B-DAY! 
guess what. I made orange chicken. 
guess what. tomorrow is my birthday  16! WOOT!
GUESS WHAT? 
guess what? (what?) I GOT ELECTED FINANCE DIRECTOR  Take that! Muahaha, lol. But I have no team cause marketing seems to be more fun D:
Guess what? I'm getting a puppy 
Guess what? I've done with the thing that I wanted to do for Babylove!  So now I can concentrate on my DLE essay already (:
Guess what? mom adopted a kitty today (11 months) His name is Corky 
Guess what? My mom is being nice enough and decided to lend me her credit card to buy the @mileycyrus tickets!! Yayyy. I guess I'm going. 
Guess what?!? i'm going to France, (Paris)  at september 
guess where I am? Johnny rockets!  i love this place!
Guess who got an A on his marketing exam 
guess who is happy?! i'm not even gonna complain about how fucked up my eye is. twitterpated guys. TWITTERPATED. 
Guess who just got an iPod touch bitchezzz! haha me!  yayayayyay!
guess who owns bingsucks.com! http://who.is/whois/bingsucks.com   very interesting indeed 
Guess who won the Spotlight Ladies Outsanding Freshman award for 2008-2009!  &lt;33333
guess who wont be able to twitter this weekend cuz they'll be too busy maxin and relaxin?! On 2nd thought, I am bringing my laptop... 
Guess who's a twit? 
Guess who's coming home July 1st? Meeeee! Can't wait to see you missy  xxo
guess who's excited about the next few weeks????? MOI !!!!!!!!!!  positive energy always works!!!!! 
Guess who's on twitter? @britneyhouston 
Guess who's up earlier than usual? 
guessing maint is for beta? Well have fun guys and everyone who got in, u have to post wat it is like 
GUH i wish i could go see dave. whatever. camp fro the weekend 
GuidoTheWiiFetishist: we forgive you 
Guildlines for life #1: Give people more than they expect &amp; do it cheerfully. If you don't receive praise for it, then praise yourself. 
Guillaume Laforge talking about new stuff in Groovy 1.6 as multiple assignment and stuff. Can he twit at the same time? 
Guillemots on radio brought a smile to my face. See the beauty in an old coke can 
guilty pleasure: writing for the internet under a pseudonym. It's awesome to have fan mail. have been answering it for 1/2 an hour.  
Guinness got 2 'new' toys from mom and dads house.  Hooray for free stuff 
Guise, today I saw a sign outside of a church that said, &quot;Prayer is love on its knees&quot; and I lol'd so hard. I told my mom and she hit me. 
Going to MIyake's for some sushi and sake bombs. 
going to mommsss 
Going to moms for the weekend. Be back Sunday night. I wont have no internet so I'll only have my celly  Have fun!!!
Going to mongolian bbq with the boy and the gang 
going to monterrey!!!  Division MinÃºscula show!!! 
going to mow the lawn : / ew, can I not be such a man!? k,thanks 
Going to mt cousins birthday to day 
going to my Aunt Kims  to help there for the day 
going to my aunts 35th birthday later  i love her to death &lt;3
going to my aunts for dinner 
going to my Aunt's graduation from cop school... get to miss school  bye love you guys lt;3
Going to my aunts house to make a youtube video! YAY! 
going to my besties @Nicole_Innes to hangout for the day. ooh i do love the sun!  bye tweeties (:
going to my besties @Nicole_Innes to hangout for the day. ooh i do love the sun!  see you later tweets.
Going to my Bffl's house! And hopefully i'll get her to start tweeting! 
Going to my bros to see the fam &amp; pick up Skotch...went to Hell City...ready for a tattoo now 
going to my brother in laws for my 5th stogie today  - bbiab
Going to my brothers baseball game..txt me 
Going to my brother's wedding in Princeton, NJ next Sat. Had to buy a navy blue sports coat and gray pants - $13 total at Goodwill 
going to my class... later.. 
going to my cottage 
Going to my cousin Liz's wedding today! The reception is a pig roast...hell yeah it's gonna be fun!!  Hope for some good weather....
going to my cousin's softball game 
going to my daddy, and it's sunny! need to go out 
Going to my daughters dance recital today. 
going to my fav restaurant on Rodeo Dr.....MOSSIMOS!!! 
Going to my first Free Comic Day (event?) later (with my mother, who's decided to tag along). 
Going to my freinds house to play in the rain!!   life is so fun!!  
Going to my friends house to nap! 
going to my friends house today hopefully its going to be hot so we can go swimming 
going to my grandmaa's  ttyl !! xxx
going to my makotos for dinner and the comedy club. soooo freaking excited!!!! 
going to my room to continue reading &quot;My Sister's Keeper&quot;...guys its AMAZING!!!  peace &lt;3 and faith y'all.
going to my steel pan performance at the beach 
going to nanny's in a bit =] then McFly tomorrow .! 
Going to Natalie's for the night! Cocktails by the pool..how fun! 
Going to neighbor's open house! Good times. 
Going to new madrid with a.k @ 6 for Relay for Life..gonna be a loonngg night 
Going to New Plymouth in an hour :O YAY shopppping!! 
Going to New York in a couple weeks!!!!...maybe ill run into robert pattinson ...i hope he believes in love at first sight 
Going to Niagara Falls today! 
Going to night night!!  Sweet dreams!!
Going to nightsplash tonight 
Going to noodles  Yay!
Going to Northampton/Southwick for the night! 
going to NYC to promote and take care of some business today then show tomorrow in Queens 
going to NYC to see Wicked for school.. going to ESPN Zone first. one of our buses broke down lol 
Going to NZ? It's been a few years but when in Wanaka make sure to look up Orient Express restaurant and ask for Bee  divine Chinese
Going to on the border then movies with tiffany, yolianne, ericaaa 
Going to Ontario Mills to buy a Tokio Hotel H&amp;M Shirt!!! 
Going to organize my room. 
Going to orlando 
going to our beloved family heritage. KTL. you should visit. food is authentic filipino and it's incomparable. 
Going to our soon to be new house. Blah. 
Going to pack my new bag for school tomorrow. Then have a cup of Milo before sleeping. 
Going to paint my great grandma's house. Getting it done early since it is going to be a hot one today 
going to paint my nails then get some foood 
going to paint my nails to match my dress for tonight  
Going to paint the hell out of our garage floor.  I hates painting!  But, when I can purposely get it all over the floor, it's not so bad 
Going to Palmdale to visit family.. Ugh I'm dreading the drive, BUT AT LEAST I HAVE GAS TODAY 
going to party later! yay! 
going to Paula Deen's Lady and Sons today 
going to paula's house. I want some doritos pizza 
going to phily tomorrow morning so getting some sleep before. Night night tweeters! 
Going to pick some flowers. Yard needs a little sprucing. Then TACO meeting at 5pm. Formosa Pride!   
going to pick up @30comau in a sec its our anniversary today 
going to pick up chloe and then to watch the lake show! go lakers!!! 
Going to pick up Jess then Prom Dress shopping with her ;) Wish us luck 
going to pick up my man from work!  
Going to pick up my parents today 
Going to pick up Sex And The City. Quite excited!  (Even though I can't really be bothered)
going to pim today with @oches, nisa and diva 
going to PIM with a pretty lady soon 
going to pinkpop too, bro got 2 tickets for 30 euros 
going to pisay now.  then sm after, most likely.
Going to play a little TF2. Just put some new Pyro skins in, so hopefully I don't lag to much 
going to play guitar hero instead.. ky is so boring.! cant wait to go back to miami. 
going to play in the park 
Going to play in the sun and have a fun bike ride with my bestest friend! 
going to play ps3 for a bit. tonight going on a double date with mrs @zerock to fine arts with @yarvier and his girlfriend 
Going to play Restaurant City on Facebook, which is #7 on &quot;Ang Pinaka (theme: Most Popular Facebook Games)&quot;. 
Going to play Sims 3 today 
Feeling pretty good this morning! Lets hope it lasts through the day 
Feeling pretty good!  Going to my friends wedding today, Terese and Ronny! 
Feeling pretty good. Had the best weekend nd seems as if this week shall be pretty awesome also 
Feeling pretty tired after working all weekend, early morning tomorrow for a nice 6hours drive to Cork 
Feeling productive. Drafting cooperation agreements, writing #eservice development method docs, and preparing a lecture on #socialmedia. 
Feeling quite ill and wishing I could sleep. Also, laughing @ the antics of @jbravo585 
Feeling quite nice!!  
Feeling quite unwell. Tummy resembling rough seas throwing around a tiny model ship. Shower time. Comfort 
Feeling quite upbeat FOR ONCE! i like it 
feeling really good about life  ily! yes, i love you.
Feeling really good about my performance on the AP Government &amp; Politics exam this morning.  Going to lunch with Krista.
@cpfcrox yes, you do. They did bugsy malone and covered the curtains in shaving foam 
@cphadley Or you could just eat all 6 now.  ::waves again from just a few miles away::
@cphpitts not crazy american 
@cpinto Okay.. I went the extra mile and actually did a mockup of one of the things I was talking about.. :p You should be getting it now 
@cpinto that's to ward off predators, too. You can probably spot those gawking 
@Cpitbull You too, my friend! Write back when you can and thank you for those links. They have been really helpful! Talk to you soon! 
@CPM87 something very fattening  lol
@cport1 Hey, Chris, thanks for following me 
@cposion i got the new ds systemm with the camera  mad cute it was suppose 2 b 4 mymy but she b acting up smh
@cpoythress31191 srsly. just go ahead and shoo yourself in the head  haha jk jk &lt;3 you totally dissapeared last night!
@cprailfreak his dad has him at nights and drops him off in the morning before he goes to work. Except weekends, I sleep then! 
@cproppe beam me up scotty! glad to hear you're making progress with your knee. live long and prosper. 
@cprpoker  yes, yes it is!! how is your day?
@cprpoker cool! I will look into it, thanks for the recommendation! 
@cptalbertwesker I did that the other day, they're not bad, they're funny to watch  specially don't forget to save!
@CptBradley hope the rest of your filming goes well enjoy! 
@cptchris331 I know i should go to sleep but i just cant!! 
@CptCswife no but candles and tea towels and the occasional large cushion is nice  plus i need some pots... and other kitchen utensils 
@CptCswife Yeah, but we'll probably get a George Clooney cut-out due to budget constraints, haha...  Curtis Stone may happen though... 
@cptnmidnite haha, I do that a lot too. I usually just send a  when I don't have anything else to say. But, I did LOL to that comment.
@cptyler oh, I read that wrong, sorry  Something to do with looking at how Australian genetics developed independently of outside contact?
@cr8en I'm psyched.  It's not a funny interview, but great content.  Gives u a  glimpse into a rags to riches to rags to I'm okay story 
@cr8tiveCandy well, he probably said it 60 years ago... 
@CRA1G Hmm.. You could check out http://twitsnaps.com It provides lot more features, we have plenty of #photographers using our app 
@crabstickz Am I number 400?? aaaawesome 
@crack_cocaine haha 
@crackberrista @bryantxavier compartan! 
@crackberryfreak  another joining 
@crackberrykevin All of the above? 
@CRACKberryQUEEN Thank you   yours is great too 
@cracker07 nawwww you look cute with your blue hair  &amp;&amp;if you leave come and say hi to me i haven't seen you in ages
@cracker07 put a smile on your dial it can't be so bad cause i'm arou d 
@cracker07 well i do and i am a 3rd person party thingo so yeah go me  and he sooo does like i can just tell
@crackerrrr hahah tourist! take lots of pics and have fun 
@crackpotjack Why are you such a Locke Hater! 
@crackrabbit Thanks! I am listening to her on lala.com right now. So far I really like her. 
@craft i'm loving all the pictures  thank you for sharing the fun!
@craftapalooza I'll let you off this time, but next time I want proof  Sounds mighty tasty.
@craftbizcoach LOL- I know but three times? I only did it once. I have 9 tattoos, so I know that road is coming. 
@CraftedClay  most name brands have dairy even if it's called 'semi-sweet' or 'dark'.  I'll try to get some in the HelloVeggies Store! 
@craftedgems i am supposed to do laundry but i am listing and thing making a necklace ... indulge in your craft with me 
@Crafterall Thanks for the congrats Crafterall! Couldn't have done it without you 
@Crafty_mama Good nite &amp; tweet dreams! 
@crafty184 Its completely in your honor at Hyatt Park! 
@craftydame I LOVE DUCK BUTTS! 
@craftyGAgal Yes I am 
@craftymaddie  aren't boys brilliant
@craftymaddie yippee re Florence 
@craftymf maybe those drivers / had killed loved ones with their cars / like backed over them 
@CraftySnap jealous of your sunshine   but this guy you made rightened my day http://bit.ly/35LHT
@craftyville I LOVE marzipan!  I'm one of 27 people under the age of 60 who do.  
@CraHan whoops 
@Craig_Brawn lol, now you just fix his other problems? 
@craig_bucknall  duh no kidding 
@craig_bucknall ha\hahaha no i just get mistaken for one all the time and i love mexicans so people assume it cos of that  no probs
@craig_bucknall quick, hurry, faster, block him NOW!!!! LOL 
@Craig_D Well you do now  Your dog is well lovely too xD
@craig_dickson your tweet was just included in The Longest Poem in the World www.longestpoemintheworld.com/tweet/16121/ 
@craig_martin had me crying from laughing so hard. thx for posting the link 
@craig_steele thanks 
@Craig10TV Aww. How cute. 
@craig42k &quot;I just did my thang&quot; Gosh, I'm starting to sound like someone I know...... 
@craig42k awesome! 
@craig88 I knows it. 
@Craigatscifi I promise to stop telling people SyFy looks like an abbreviation for syphilis if you guys pick up #TSCC  &lt;3
@craigavp me either!  itsgonnabesogooodd
@craigavp random, but did you see anybody famous (besides yourself) there? because everytime I go there, I always see somebody famous hah 
@CraigBarlettani so get out!  go do something you've always wanted to.. 
@CraigBarlettani why limit your story to 140 ch. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com 
@craigblewett thats quite exciting, now you really becoming famous Craig 
@craigcoomans I forget it is your Monday!!  I will get there one day soon and hit you up, you are right in the action my Aussie bud! 
@CraigDeBoard Awesome! I'll have to check it out when you're done. 
@craigend still in the pub?? Had a liquid lunch myself  helps get me through the day of meetings
@craigeryowens... you should just put them all on the EP 
@craigfots Give us a knock later.... We had Cullen Skink in the wk BTW... If I'd known you were a fan.... 
@craiggold Still sat in the same place!Bro-in-law is sorting it,next weekend.Then it'll need MOT &amp; Tax and I'm on the road!!!  Can't wait.
@craiggower i know this sounds random: i'm very much a &quot;fan&quot; of your piano playing skills.  God bless.
@CraigKausen I am so honored to be called a friend! Thank you for the follow friday too! You are a gem...don't ever forget it! 
@CraigKausen i'm great, its nice and sunny out here in MD, not too hot which is always good for me. 
@craigkendall I'm driving to Texas 
@craigkerstiens Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@CraigKessler Thanks for the follow friday  Has it already been three days since I have been on Twitter?!
@CraigKessler When you put it like that, &quot;business handle on business&quot;, it makes sense. Never hurts to ask though!! Thanks 
@craigkillick i don't doubt it 
@CraigMadison I believe it 
@craignewmark @jeffjarvis since when traditional media a news source? 
@craignewmark so, when are you starting the ISCN? Interest Shopping Channel Network?    Wonder if it would catch on like everything else.
@craignicol Please define &quot;mince&quot; 
@CraigoT the colour system def helps 
@craigross316 dear friend-want 2 trade kids-my kid gets up at like 5:45-take it in like a blessing!! haha!!!  my meds make me so tired 2
@craigsbeardwax Goodnight 
@craigsbeardwax It goes from curly to straight to wavy so it's easy to change from day to day, depends on the mood 
@craigsbeardwax probably what happened  now all I have to do is get twitter to verify, just sent the code now, oh well, I'm happy 
@craigslistbook Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@craigsutton     that's a long-time, good for you!   
@CraigTeich No problem mate!  Have a great weekend!  
@CraigThomler Major bummer.  But hey, if it doesn't kill me it can only make me stronger. Viva tough skin!
@CraigTuller love your ride  nice to meet you at #wcchicago
@craigy1 Thanks for the reply - starting to feel better now 
@craigyd so Twitter is good for your health too 
@CraigyFace91 Ahh you have joined twitter! You will soon get addicted following all these &quot;celebs&quot; etc. etc haha 
@craigzuber someone has to 
@CraiovaMea me likey 
@crambeary temp? plz dont tell me it was in triple digits as I will be going across the US in july 
@cranberrybandit professor honky mchooterson works too LOL. And how could you not name him? He's too cute to be nameless 
@crandall Oh, thank you.    You gotta see that movie, I'm telling you.
@cranendonk Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@cranfandy Love the album too! Last year I was in a Pj harvey concert and woowww, was unforgetable!! She rocks!! Es genial! 
@Cranialstrain It often pays to wait 
@Cranialstrain Very true. The magazines should be full of tests soon. 
@CRAOLA Love Groundhog Day, and Lost in Translation 
@Crapplejuice HEY!!!   wats up 
@crash_bang If you fancy a 3rd shot at Trek, gimme a shout and I'll keep you company 
@crashbennett 10 hours a day is a lot of reading, even for me, but thanks for the vote of confidence 
@crashcorp ARGs!  Awesome!    You guys should get in touch with @argfestocon next year (or maybe this year)
@crashintomedave the shows were amazing!   and everyone hit it off.  loved meeting twitter peeps.
@crashtestmommy never had one of those.  you guys are not supported my never eat sugar ever again mandate  
@CrassBadger your also retarded  well i'll talk to you later
@CraveAZ trying out a new restaurant tonight, breadfruit  jamacian spot BYOB, i'm excited! http://www.thebreadfruit.com/
@cravingsavings Thank you! I just watched my free redbox movie  God Bless!
@cravn Ah yeah... feel free to mail me some, I'll send you my address... 
@craym0nk ah 
@craym0nk Pick up an original Da Vinci for me, mate.  The one with the smiling sheila would look nice in the pool room. 
@crayonponyfish coins and dollars have been everywhere else. why not from a bra? 
@crazedbeauty you suuuckk! =(Anyways, how'd you get that? Hook me uuppp!  Idk about Jersey though... =/
@crazeedreamgirl Birds evolved from dinosaurs. 
@crazeegeekchick too funny. Ok you hooked me. 
@crazeexdarkness HEY! i drew this very amazing thing for @tommcfy, @dannymcfly, @dougiemcfly and @mcflyharry! i've got to send it to you 
@CRAZi3B3AUTiFUL haha nah its okay. but thanks 
@crazibabi89 hahaha yes, that's how i do! 
@crazieguy01 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@craziixanna lol you know im just saying that in my point of view, cause i did like him but knowing thatyou don't like him i understand 
@CRAZiixLOVEE uhh. study and you'll get a cookie.  lmao!
@crazilazigurl Hello! Nice to met you!  And I've just finished volume four. 
@crazilazigurl I think so too.  I think Joss is cool! 
@crazinessinc ahahah I know 
@crazy_ettenna Hey sis happy birthday i hope all your wishes come true i love you i hope you have a good day today 
@crazy_kidd88 Hello  Not alot, MySpacein' and looking through YouTube. What are you up to?
@crazy_moon Love/hate relationship..haha..hmm..what do you hate about them?..they sure are pretty popular nowadays 
@crazy_moon Really? which song? JB fans..I think most of them are still in school.hmm.maybe if I'm still in school..I might be their fan 
@crazy_sage Yep, definitely getting there (slowly)! BTW Thanks for that DM - it helped 
@crazy4cloth Thank you! At least she's considerate enough to get sick on the weekend so I don't have to miss a work day 
@Crazy4Crystal Thank you so much! My passion... music, movies, love, ladies, and making dreams come true 
@Crazy4Crystal Thanks, hon. I'm getting ready for LONDONNNNNNNNNNNN, very excited  I hope you enjoy your work and keep tweeting 
@Crazy4theD LOL..I meant the weather, it is finally nice weather here! 
@CrazyA64 Hi! I didn't know I had followers.. well, besides friends and random bots that is. =P And it sounds more stupid than rude, rly. 
@CrazyBallerina Ah... so you do control the shoot dates 
@CrazyBliss No, it wasn't me, but do you? I love your work. Yes, it's been a while. You're up late. 
@CrazyBluez Love you too 
@crazybobbles Bohemin Rhapsody was good but Knights of Cydonia was poignant, got the best out of the Musers. 
@crazybrave  YAY!! So glad you were drawn as Secret Vines review winner   Happy drinking!
@crazycade your veryyyy welcome  you deserve it !
@Crazycanuckblog I'll give you $50 
@CrazyCatLadie it's never too early to have one 
@CrazyCatLadie ok cool, thanks for the update. Glad she's home safe. 
@crazycatvalou C'mon it's rainny and glommy in London. Paris is wayyy nicer 
@crazyclaire18 aaaah.I thought all.haha  but your classes should've started on 8?
@crazycolours You know I didn't even think of that... for once. And have you got a word of the day calendar or something...? 
@crazycool2009 but i wanna look anorexic..  ya ure rite im skinny..but i still prefer fruits over junk food..
@crazycool2009 LOL kk  your a cuteeeh
@crazycrayon aw, you're much to kind haha 
@crazycrayon yep yep  I'm in graphic design class. shhh 
@CrazyCullen me too, but my uncles in town so i have to like hang out with my family and stuff. but andrew said he would bring me pizza 
@Crazycunt lmao! its too bad im not there otherwise id help u out with her 
@Crazycunt no I do not want the moon, but thank you 
@crazydaizy9 good girl... I am going walking later....  Need to build up my endurance... lollll 
@CrazyEcho just like my dad. 
@CrazyEffinIvan need any aloe vera? Your ass is burnt 
@crazyelectron I hear ya! Yea it's pretty good. Cool to see the &quot;background&quot; of where her novels come from. 
@crazyfaceman yo tb hiceeee 
@crazyfi56 Are yours over now? Hope they went/are going well  xxx
@crazyfirebolt HAHA i got some more if you want  what you writing, poem about pigs? o_o
@crazyfirebolt Have a great time in Rome!! Gonna miss ya, take care! 
@crazyforDAY26 hehehe  but the rest of the video was hott tho Que was just the icing on the cake lol
@crazyjibin nope, you need to see this to understand.  http://is.gd/PmDg  #followfriday
@crazyjohnkerecz  I did!  Got a really pretty one here. http://bit.ly/xxrzS Didn't get to start my new series yet though. Will next week. 
@crazyjohnkerecz You too have an awesome weekend 
@CrazyKimmi almost evening here in india. 4:45 pm. programming in C, and listening to my playlist of indian music. good day so far. 
@crazylegsclub haha fuck knows  ask Steve Kode9? Was it techno-y? Or from the LP? Talk to me, will help, much love....terry tibbs
@crazylegz yo~ dancing queen 
@crazyloud1 remind me never to tell you my vmail code 
@CrazylrishGuy What about sun creme ? 
@CrazyMadThing a guy told me that he like me and i barely know him,wht shud I Do? 
@crazymadzy hahahahah!! 04 would be the chief contributors. lol.  
@CrAzYmAnGe thats ok i dont care either were just friends and we have that clear in us so lets just move on ok 
@crazymeezer Must be the same model we got back in December. You're gonna LOVE IT. Congrat's! 
@CrazyMikesapps How u? 
@crazymitchell  thanks 
@crazymitchell aw hugs hope you feel better soon 
@crazymog Ruby vetoed some fun power tool purchasing, shame as tree felling would have been an ideal opportunity! 
@CrazyMoneyLady hey Dawn, how did ur event go? 
@crazyninjafox Brothuh fo'shizzles on twitter too 
@CrazyOnYou Very true.  And well behaved women rarely make history.  
@crazyshelle thanks! 
@CrazySirFrank: boring? NO boring allowed! 
@CrazySirFrank: Glad to here I'm not boring  The wedding was beautiful. The rest of my family that came in are leaving 2mrw night.
@crazysprinter I mees you too!  I will see you in a month!
@crazyTVaholic rockin' like  a Hurricane!  
@crazytwism  @thenewbnb Yep. Fun song. You sell the stock, you probably wont get enough money to spend. 
@crazytwism And they look awesome dude! 
@crazytwism but people aren't getting your satire! not good  @CruciFire @brainstuck @thenewbnb @fossiloflife @prateekgupta
@crazytwism Hmm, maybe I will, but I am not losing any moments at college anyway  I guess I know how to enjoy on the GO!
@crazytwism http://twitpic.com/416b7 - hey! nice pic 
@crazytwism its good.. abhi tak toh  wot bout u?
@crazytwism LoL I just read here and there - many interesting tweets around &amp; news everywhere 
@crazytwism Oh yes!!! Absolutely... You can see me in the form!!! 
@crazyzei  yes it was  it was totally awesomme! D
@crcoppola Mr. Coppola, sounds like the Pick n' Savers needed to listen to your piano playing as they shopped at your G Sale 
@cre8tivekitchen Thanks for the follow back. Appreciate it 
@cre8tivekitchen Thanks for the follow friday,  
@Cre8tiveSin LOL yayyyyy! 
@cre8tivkj Thanks Karen 
@cream2honey haha i love your bio. jessica rabbit is a personal fav cartoon  anyway u very pretty, found u from #ff
@creamcomms Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@creamteam I was gonna say... 
@creanu Jau  Supper dank dir ;)
@create4fun Morning people? They see in the cold light of day what you saw as a stroke on genius in the middle of the night. 
@create4you  ROFLMFAO...that hurts, i just got up 
@create4you Hope U had a great weekend...I missed the toast last night...priority 1 Family Time 
@CreateandInvent Thanks  I've just been super busy and not tweeting much these last few days.
@createdancer take a break from dancing  http://ponyurl.com
@createillusions i think i've got my shot for the contest 
@creatified =&gt; nein 
@creatingorder Well that's always a bonus isn't it 
@creationsanew Wow! Thanks Creations! I always look for your name in places, you are so nice to talk to! 
@CreationsByR How exciting! Thanks again, Robin- You Rock! 
@creationsoflove You've got mail from me! 
@creative_home I know the feeling! 
@creative_home oh no ... I hope that's not what's happening. I don't mess with things that require electricity to work. 
@creativeactions ...Er du sï¿½ ok nu med fod, mave, ryg...? 
@creativeapps I want a pet 'vader too!  That looks amazing! Thanks for sharing. 
@creativeapps I've been waiting for that tweet 
@creativeapps Thank you once again!  You guys rock =D
@creativejenius so i see u pulled one of my moves from college 
@creativejordan aww yay! He looks so happy to be with you guys 
@CreativeLatino Things are looking good so far. Im just workin out the presentation and then the project is a go! Its gonna be big! 
@CreativeOpera you can too, sign up and I'll add you to the list. 
@creativetechs thanks!!  and that would be great hehe 
@CreativeWisdom_ the video was great, moody black and white, nice 
@CreativeWolf do you have another usb stick lying around ? if so try that to boot off ? else Ubootn can d/l the iso 
@creealice yep, sure thing sweetie.  keep on posting.
@creepcoi BEEP BEEP I'm not 
@Creepstain of course, look at my picture, i'm smiling on for you 
@CreepyGnome  Shoot--no gnomes, but you can bet that I will seek some out tonight 
@creightonc I know what you mean., Sometimes I listen to my own web site. Little creepy. 
@creightonc Thanks! 
@CremeMagnolia Hi - just figured out I needed to check my direct messages box  who did you want to be introduced to?
@CreoleInDC LOL! My church always comes with gifts and common sense! We know who to leave alone 
@creolepatra Happy birthday to your son!!! 
@creolesugar No problem! I also want to know how tweeps make those funny images 
@crepory welcome to twitter crepe 
@cresolvis Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@crespimweb Hi, Pauloooooooo!!!!!!!...... Long time no read you!!!, nice to read you again!!!, how are you today??....  do you take lunch?
@CressFerriera totally! thats going to be amazing 
@crew54 oh and yeah yeah, congrats on those news  hope all werkz out for you!!!
@CrgSllvn haha Hell yeah! 
@crhaashjonas and you're the jonas brothers fan? the one with the cap? haha. 
@crhaashjonas really?!! hahah!!! very neat! nice meeting you again! 
@crhisitne - i;m playing literati. you? 
@crhody Now there's a moving picture I didn't need to see..You gyrating your body hip hop style!  
@criana thanks!  hey, lunch can hardly go wrong. we're hitting up the &quot;Latham 76 Diner&quot; -- the outside has some 1776/revolutionary styling
@Crichton_Kicks @_Flik_  Morning you two 
@Crichton_Kicks LOL ... there will be a next time 
@Crichton_Kicks Nooooooooo, I'm just very intuitive 
@cricketmoss  well said  
@CriLauren I second this motion! ::shakes fist in the air:: no school means lots if free time. Should be able to write more 
@Crimeawine welcome aboard  may I ask you for e-mail address? got a question on winery 
@crimefish we haven't thought about that yet! O: maybe we should call him Misha 8D but if it's gonna be a girl... dunno! Any suggestions? 
@crimesinthemosh Things on my end are alright. Dealing with personal shit at the moment, but other than that, all good. 
@criminalminds  Yeayy! Let's make Hotch kick butt!! 
@criminalminds I am bummed I missed the A/W T/G chat, so if you cannot get TG.  My vote would be KV or SM 
@crimolina tara! let's all go out. kelan kyo free?  @andreajuan @lizzie_wizzy @kcortel
@crimpomatic @mr_cf one for you runners, I think I may be able to better this? http://tinyurl.com/qcx9tk what do you think 
@crimsonivy Didn't find it dorky actually, more cute and funny 
@CrimsonMe yey! thanks 
@CrimsonTemplar - and WoW is down for patching and server maintenance... What else to do indoors? 
@crinklechip That's my friends sister 
@CrisBrown keep feeling fascination 
@criscokid google it  hehe
@CrisFig Yes, I need you all! 
@crisgee: Dude meron! We have a camo one which Slick Rick and Sam YG made fun of last time LOL. And one with a necktie! 
@Crishys So tou don't belive that I'm studing? Wonna come over and check? haha 
@CrisiLouise Battery pull on BB fixed it! I KNOW! Tis enough to give a girl a complex in a nobody really wants to talk tome type of way. 
@crisissweet don't worry you will jus study 
@CrisN73 are you looking for a home-based job? would you like to offer your services? please @ or DM me; I'll try to help you find work 
@Crisp15 oh yeah, almost done...morrow will be first car show for the club and me  
@crispy1980 they can if you use tweetdeck 
@crispynoodles agreed.  I only watch the bootleg version. 
@crispynoodles I only remember the good times, it seems. Delusional or optimistic? 
@crispynoodles that's why I have sleeping tablets  they'll knock me out good
@crispywaffle @quantastic I'm actually working on a DIY light tent setup. 
@crisr *offers cookie* 
@crisrenvi How come everyone seems to feel the need to @reply on that tweet? XD It's like a pumpkin. Pleasant and round! 
@criss_angel levitate THIS. 
@crissyhilton Very nice pic! Very hot Ma! 
@crissytioseco but she's leaving on thursday and i'm coming back on sunday/mondaaaay. ok can i see the schedule plz 
@crissytioseco Yeah but just found the copy of it now. Hahaha! Got me nostalgic. 
@crissyz123 lol its not morning anymore 
@CristalBubblin a button  Too bad he stays in New York =*(
@CristalBubblin oh, thank you though 
@CristalDanielle lmao! I actually bought some luggage. U saw my pics? 
@CristaltheGreat  Add some Patron and a booty grope and things will be juuuuust fine. Hee!
@Cristee Tell Jenna the Sweater Bear sends his love: http://twitpic.com/6fuim  
@cristennn HEY GIRL!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i is stalkign you now  muhahaha
@CristiCalz me too. Its look great on it. 
@cristina_jacob  thanks for the follow, i hope you'll have a lot of fun 
@CristinaCuomo Link to our realtor's listing: http://tinyurl.com/cccxlk You have our permission to use any photos. THANK YOU so much! Syl 
@CristinaDunning I hope you work Wednesday. Lots to fill you in on 
@cristinapcarlos  Thanks for the hello - all the way from New York!  I'm following you back too.  Have a FABULOUS day!  
@cristinaRacsan s-a facut 
@cristinavb you're right! It wasn't as bad!  it was funny!
@cristinica21 kill her 
@cristlegirl good morning!  I thought I'd put the warning out there in case I freaked anyone out LOL
@Cristlewater: when are you gonna change your name to crystal meth? hahahahah 
@cristy17 that's easy (to be ballin') u just need some focus.  can't help with the taller part. Oh wait, what's your biggest pair of heels
@CrisXmusic  Thanks for FF  x
@CrisXmusic The Fun Boy Three 
@critalks thanks love. i knew about the exhibit and i already received an invite to go and see it 
@Critania awesome!  I've decided im gunna go to the states not for blink..next year insted.
@Critania uploading pics to facebook now 
@critania, @divalinda is right .. you do look like chuck 
@criticalpath Such an awesome idea - the  continual learning program with a Kindle2  http://bit.ly/1ZLfF
@Critter Yes it does match..unless I'm color blind 
@crIttOpher no sick days? :-/. I guess puking on your boss Is out. Hope u feel better 
@CrixLee haha you love mr and you know it.  
@Crizzoid I'm glad things are getting better there.  Thanks 
@crlnn yuuum  dooo it! Lol
@crnixon i'd be interested in speaking, but no idea what i'd talk about. let me think on it  i'm nda'd on one thing i'd like to talk about
@croaks forgot to mention that i enjoyed it even more on a second read.. 
@crobj  I'm googling this as well speak.   #giantcolon
@crobwin  HellOOooo Rob Ya Twit..  heh
@Croc_Hunteress ahh. Just like KRudd. *nods* got it 
@Croc_Hunteress I tipped the Broncs, tho. Can't argue with the skills, unfortunately  I feel dirty. The dirt; it won't come off!
@crochetbymommaj Ewww! lol Make time for some fun, too! 
@crochetgal Thanks!   I like 'em, too!
@crochetgal That's the price I pay for having a younger husband...a price I dont mind too much 
@Croconaw goodnight! 
@crocstar you clearly weren't talking to me then 
@cromnac I think I have the right Cormack! It was really nice meeting you 
@cromnac I've been thinking the same thing lately. Didn't know what was decent though so I ended up with a graphic novel 
@cromnac Nerf guns ftw. Oh and in case you didn't guess, it's Ziltoid from SG. 
@cronhill Tach. 
@cronkshaw tweeting about hair mishaps is one thing.... twitpiccing...... pic of the finshed product please 
@cronogenesis  good to know the NTU machine is working...
@Cronotriggers I'm very tempted to buy it on the PSN/PSP, in hopes Capcom will follow up with a RE2 release 
@Cronotriggers No...*thinks*...no. Absolutely not. Wall-E &gt; Ratatouille 
@crooksnNannies - you got it 
@cropper22 Congratulations! That's awesome!! 
@crosberg o man, that's just mean! i want to push it too!   i may print a copy of the picture and just push THAT. (then again, i'm weird)
@Crosby87Fans My Pens are going to work their magic tomorrow....its a gut feeling  I Love my crosby!!
@CrosbyLoggins - hey croz. 
@CrosbyLoggins I voted. Twice. 
@CrosbyLoggins you could always cultivate your inner-super-geek AND do music  http://bit.ly/ChNd9
@croshane haha yes, you've always got to find out from each girl, we are all different 
@croshane I&quot;m such a nerd   I like soul too!  yes yes that is the best!
@croshane I'm so hot for vampires! especially ones named Bill! 
@crouchingbadger cheers dude 
@CrowBiz ha!  Just read your piece about the etsy atm... I'm rolling over here!  
@crowdedteef well It's not the first time I've thought that, and prob. wont be the last. It was nice seeng you at wolf camera. 
@crowderband macguyver. No contest. 
@crowderband That's amazing! I can't wait to hear it when you guys release it!    Your music has really been a blessing in my life.
@crowdSPRING Thank you very much!!!  it's working!!!
@crowfer once in a while it's ok, and bets are always fun! 
@crownr0yal LOL. I love you too! 
@CrownRoial  o0o thats good 
@crowsond Thanks so much for being my friend 
@crowtales It's a Wal-Mart in Georgia, of course it's busy 
@crozzylicious I like beer. I like it a lot  michelob golden light.
@crredwards Glad to &quot;meet&quot; you too   It's funny that I recognized your name from books that came in the library from Amazon 
@crredwards I actually like billing...it's the calling when they don't pay I don't like.  
@crrris girl, you can join me anytime.  just let me know when. drinking at 10am is more fun than 10pm. haha. jk.
@crrystalbabe :\ im visiting in the summer 
@crrystalbabe come for summmer  nd we can partayyyyyy
@crscox I'm sure he could have earned a million by other means. He's a household name 
@crse I for one agree with this...now I know things about nigerian witches 
@crside I am now following you  tweet on my friend
@crside your welcome 
@Crstaldate Good morning kiddo. 
@crstlmthdd I am! That's why I want the negative energy gone! 
@CruciFire @Harishk Here you guys go again! 
@CruciFire haha u must b a fan of 'truck driver SURAJ' then  LOL!!
@CruciFire Hey man!!! Nothing much..Deciding on a critical life changing decision to have a bath or not  Wassup with u ??
@CruciFire i heard them way back in 2005 i guess! after that never heard of them again.. they sound ok to me.. 
@CruciFire I used to do the same when I used to visit Mumbai during summer vacs. Ahh those were the days. 
@CruciFire Laal Salaam  @crazytwism
@CruciFire LOL! Yeh dosti hum nahin thodhenge  @crazytwism
@CruciFire maybe u guys can suggest an alternative picture..for @brainstuck.... 
@CruciFire oh, ok. koi nahi. prob i'll b in mumbai faster than i know 
@CruciFire reply to the wrong person.! Sorry! 
@CruciFire Ya. Like a rushed facelift 
@CruciFire Yeah. But both kinds have smth in common. The brain become useless for a while. 
@CruciFire Yes sir. 022 
@crucify_brett cool, so right from the start we have killers rampaging through the kids?? I need to check the laymon box... 
@crucify_brett Thank you. No big plans, shopping with my friend, pub, watch a band &amp; I have been given a smartie chocolate cake. Yay 
@crucify_brett You're kidding me  thats a crazy name 
@cruisemaniac  Thats fantastic process in place dude...So, you would never get your query answered 
@cruising211 @georgelovespuma hello  you sail? 
@Cruiter nice pic   it was great talking to you!
@crumblycookie It's not!! You'll see  (then again I like making circular cakes as you may have noticed 
@CrunchbiteJr Wow! For realz? Lol 
@crunchpow Yeah I dont like wearing the glasses. It was cool for UP though. But  prefer not wearing another pair of glasses 
@crunchyapples short films.. 
@CrunchyK - lol we r so sad after jon's bombshell but u r making me giggle a little - thanx 
@CrunchyK Awesome - I'll do that right now 
@CrunchyK can't wait to see you guys this summer and see what you have in store for us 
@CrunchyK Hi Kevin. I was standing next to you at the Today show. Detective- You kept mentioning a line from the show Moonlight 
@CrunchyK Hope you get better soon.....Full Service kicks off tomorrow (like you didn't know-lol) 
@CrunchyK http://twitpic.com/6ccx0 - Looks like a confy chair and u even got you own couch to crash on  
@CrunchyK I can't wait to see it 
@crunchyk KEVIN!!!! So glad you made it onto twitter! Thanks for making all of our eyes bug out on the cruise  You rock! lol
@CrunchyK sooo One Song huh? :-D cool 
@CrunchyK ugh, stop teasing!! 
@CrunchyK we are all fam here no such thing as TMI here..just keep it real thats what we like 
@crunchyk what do u have against her as a person?? J/w 
@CrunchyK Wow - you even have your own name tag on your chair!  You are SPECIAL! 
@Crunchyroll I didn't know CR had an official panel at Anime Expo in LA this year! 
@CrunkStella a fake what no i think shes real i thought she was your cousin so i googoled her and i still wasnt sure so i asked you 
@Crupuscular I know, we really appreciate it!  Thank you @twitter
@crusadersfan If you can get a work visa I don't mind if your 18 or 80...  I would  just love to get someone who is enthusiastic!!
@crusaderz4life  my pleasure
@crusaderz4life  Wheres the dinner spoon I need to start digging.. haha 
@crusaderz4life aaaaargh..g'morning.. bluurrgh!! coffee!!! Have a great day 
@crusaderz4life As long as the sun is shining it is hard to find a downside to anything 
@crusaderz4life Blimey Kev...I thought you were never gonna come up for air...haha 
@crusaderz4life HAHAHA yeah you've got one hell of a head start! lucky you! 
@crusaderz4life I put a star next to your last tweet to me 12 hours ago   â™¥    #iloveyou
@crusaderz4life Kev.... do YOU REALLY HAVE TO REMIND ME... hahahaha big hugs Kev  
@crusaderz4life Night Love you too! â™¥ Cheers!!   I love saying I love You!!! 
@crusaderz4life ok that sounds great 
@crusaderz4life thatsz great to hear..enjoy your day..im going to sleep now!  Be blessed!
@crusaderz4life very welcome  #musicislife
@crusaderz4life We dont take it and we dont like giving it...unless we really have to 
@crusaderz4life wow. a good tweet morning. love is in the air! 
@crusaderz4life you should follow @peterfacinelli w/ all your personalities. 
@crusaderz4life You're right- it never hurts to try 
@crusaderz4life zooms in (you'll notice the familiar sicky sweet smell) zooms out.......yeah a job well done 
@crushluther Happy Birthdaaaaay!  i hope it's awesome!
@crushluther Your band has a pretty damn good sound i must say. Ill keep on litsening 
@crushoftheyear well i just like to help.. Guys who seem perfect are usually the ones with the most to hide.... and hey i am here anytime 
@CrushStevens music is always there when noone else understands  i agree it's very important, a single song can change your whole day
@Crusty  again...
@crustydolphin I'm still catching up on you - was away at the weekend! Hope you had a fab time with the roof on!  x
@cruzifer   Right after our romantic dinner.  YAY!!!
@cruzteng : isn't that good with an empty schedule and you can enjoy a while before exam starts.. 
@cruzter  We don't need a contest, I have the best one in Michigan, you have the best one in NC. 
@cry123sni I'm sorry you're not feeling well.  He was doing Genesis 3 and the serpent. He took it all the way to calvary.   It was good!
@crylittlesister ouh have a look who is here 
@cryos2k9 - Nice man! I'm just trying to get a website mock-up out the door. Then lunch lunch lunch... 
@CrypticZinc Well i'm sure the feedback will be interesting 
@crys_lynn  Thanks cool, the Oaks is a nice place and you get a pool  My house isn't too far from there, I live on Division St. now....
@crysbreezy I'm gonna try this time  hi lovely!
@Crysistall break the window? 
@cryslewis I hope you're liking it! 
@CrysLovsTrina morning girl hope u have a good day 
@crysniss  ironically, it's weed.  LOL.  shower time.  
@cryssie epsecially after the cupcake updat (sorry got trigger happy and sent early)   
@cryst_trueblue yeah, should be gettign charger for my other lsptop tommorow  everything hates meeeeee:[
@crystak26 thanks for following 
@Crystal_ahhah Alright.  Dont get pissed if I start screaming randomly or I make sudden movements.  
@Crystal_clear You too  thank you!
@crystal_dunn it was @bradproctor's and @hopenew's. so it was totally worth being tired for  #greenvillenc
@crystal_inman lol I think I might have gotten a little carried away last night. whatcha think?  I am such a dweeb.
@Crystal0386 well idk bout Prince but RKelly is The Dreams fav and well if u didn't know I love me some Kells 
@crystal0915 - question 100 has to be my favorite. 
@crystal311 its normal hahah i get Retweets al the time from random stuff haha 
@crystal311 yogurtisland is over by babies r us, on hawthorne.  torrance's bootleg yogurtland ;)
@crystalakana Good Night Sister Crystal! 
@Crystalbabie Do you need any extra on the guys side ? cuz i got a few that might join in if needed 
@crystalbutterfl #writechat Hey, if you ever need a cheerleader/motivational boot to the hindequarters, I'm a size 10shoe w/pompoms. 
@crystalbutterfl So noted - (he affirms while feeling blessed no butterflies in his neighborhood growl)  
@crystalchain *smish* ily &lt;3 same goes for you 
@crystalchappell @Destini41 downhome punch=JD,peach schnapps,sweet and sour mix, orange juice, 7-UpÂ® soda, grenadine 
@crystalchappell An amazing group of people! part of a fantastic show! 
@crystalchappell And of course you gave the perfect answer : CALIDORNIA! Where you rule and grace us with your goddess beauty 
@crystalchappell Coffee! It's 04:30 am here. Have a wonderful weekend and get plenty of rest and relaxation. Best to your family 
@crystalchappell Hope your having a great day! 
@crystalchappell I'm having a great day here in Oregon. Hope you enjoy the sunny day with your family! 
@crystalchappell Just listening to the podcast. gotta say :thanks !  I'm having  a vodka/red bull, salute 
@crystalchappell Lol if it weren't for the nice GPS lady, I'd have had to *move* to Topanga Canyon last year. God bless technology! 
@crystalchappell thank you so much for all the time you so generously share with us   hope you had a great evening.
@crystalchappell We are all listening to the live podcast - wish you were with us 
@crystalchappell ya think? Like anyone could say no to those eyes of yours... 
@crystalchappell You are amazing  Greetz from a fan from Belgium!
@crystalclear30 Need to find a job like mine. No 2 days are exactly the same and I get freedom to change them to not be boring. 
@CrystalCronin no...just brown nosing! 
@crystaldempsey !!!!! thank you and i hope you have a great time. 
@CrystalDempsey thanks! it's a weird feeling that earthquake sensation. always unexpected surprise at first, folo'd by wtf?  
@crystale hi crystale and nussy!!!! My name's al! 
@crystalgalla ay. such a night bird. better make friends with the owl. 
@crystalgmurphy &amp; that's why we love him! 
@crystalgmurphy Haha niceee! Sounds like you're enjoying the weekend!  Have a great day Crystal!
@Crystalia68 I think you'll get to know us quite well. Should be a blast. Can't wait to see you guys 
@CrystalinaB And how far do you live from Krispy Creme???  Thought Jay might splurge .... 
@crystalisrad Did you see Vinny's and Matt's lip tattoos? That's us next 
@CrystalJanet everyone loves pressies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! especially my #twitterbff  
@CrystalJSpears: FollowFriday is a blind 'Shout Out' recomendng ppl U like 2 follow.Goto http://twendz.com &amp; srch 4 followfriday 2 C! 
@crystaljtorres ...hello Crystal  how is beautyful Europe?
@CrystalLaw blech, there isn't really a way to study for my exam. As long as I can analyze what's on the test I'll do fine 
@CrystalLaw have fun camping 
@CrystalLaw yeah, im bad like that   ~Jax~
@crystalleanne ur lying! Drunk is better!!!  I make better choices that way! 
@CrystalLeeHD @Pikchrpfct would like you to Put the &quot;AT SIGN&quot; in front of your name and the bands name. 
@crystalleigh Me too!! 
@CrystalMOwens thank you Crystal  #followfriday for follow friendliness
@CrystalNeko You should go one time!  Collectormania MK gets a load of amazing guests too... way better than London Expo!
@CrystalPace i love ur penguin btw  was he in happy feet by any chance?? lol
@CrystalPosey Ahhh, I made you blush and smile. 
@CrystalPosey btw, I am going to take you up on your offer! Details in an email later today. 
@CrystalPosey Pleased to be of service. 
@crystalrain I was listening to the Pirates ST yesterday! AWE has the prettiest ST ever! I just love the violins. 
@crystalrson heyy its CrazieGal4Lyfe from youtube! i followed ya 
@crystalsaysthis lol im still going  i'm on ep 8 of season 1
@crystalsimeoni good news. woop woop!!! for skype 
@crystalstarlet It's *Feet* honey. Not Feel  Love ya!
@crystalthediva i cant follow till i get to a computer..by hey get it how u live i aint judgin u at all 
@crystalunicorn Shame on me. Its only mid June and I've already downloaded 18 GB of data  .
@Crystalwhite mmmmmm those would be so good all mixed together haha bring some on mon loll 
@crystalyn49 morning! I have sunshing as well, &amp; yesterday's muggy day seems to be gone. Big weekend plans? 
@crystalyn49 Whew!  I worried I might have made you blow a fuse.  
@crystboston I'll even through some food on the grill 
@CrystiaDuenas awe, thank you so much! I will be the best bride's maid ever!! haha 
@crystrill Congratulations are in order? 
@crysttttal hiiiiii 
@CrysWinchester Louis Vuitton is bag porn! LOL Cracks me up 
@CrZy4Him  You go girlfriend...maybe that can do the same side...if not you may have women hittin on you! LOL J/K 
@CrZy4Him I'm kool...but having Taco Bell AGAIN!! Haha! 
@CrZy4Him Yum.  That sounds fun and like a really cool Revolt type event! 
@CrzyJes I don't know - he's not very consistent with his gym going lately. I will ask him and let you know 
@crzylooney I would be more worried that some of my crazy rubbed off on you. 
@crzyqbn That's awesome dude, yay for surprise celebrities!  I got to meet him a few years ago, he was soooo friendly. 
@cs_andrews Hi Chris, pretty good  just seeing what this twitter thing is all about. i need a new way to waste time 
@csalley Yeah, fweetup sounds good! You have a good one, too! 
@csaper Part of you!?! Trying the frozen banana stand will probably be the most important thing I do this weekend 
@csbps Would love to watch blind golf, bet you have to be extra quiet while they make the shots! Love the blind sports. 
@cschase2 That sounds like fun!  Enjoy!!
@csdanforth yes, a short hike might be what the doctor ordered.  Right after I finish reading a few passages 
@csdmoraes I get out of school in two weeks then I'll be posting the songs and lyrics  Hopefully you'll check 'em out!
@cseri Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@csh00p www.shakealegpec.vpweb.com  always a good choice!
@csharpzealot have to ask the DPE Oz guys that one. As for the future, I'm hopeful  but who knows how the world shapes up over nxt 2 yrs
@cshields Just heard you're net check into ours. 
@cshirky nice shirt 
@CSI_News ready 
@CSI_News right 
@CSI_PrintChick *hugs* You were right about that 5*, btw. I am soo glad I took ur advice and did it! 
@CSI_PrintChick awww! I love it when he smiles  &amp; laughs, love that laugh!
@CSI_PrintChick LOL!!!!!!  You're killing me 
@csi_printchick That'll keep you busy. 
@CSick09 awe ok, just checkin! 
@CSick09 just roared like at me like bigg ol'mighty lion king 
@cslaaen lol yes sir. do you boys mind if i photograph you during your show? concert photography is my side job in the states 
@cslayer Thank you very much!  I am glad you like it 
@csline That's cos you know St. Andrews is awesome 
@CSMcMahon Sounds like the perfect afternoon for an extra treat. 
@Csmith0923 CORY!! Hiiiii. Remember we're hanging out tomorrow?? 
@CSmuncyphoto: I hear ya! I am soooo exhausted... but in a good way 
@csmyers88 that you are!  Their discount was awesome!
@csoandy Wot? Clouds and FISMA? I have some idears, but not in 140 chars. 
@CSOTHACEO: You are now being followed by the lovely Me! 
@csquaredx go see it! It's sooo good!  
@csratliff an apology if it's not something she will like or has meaning for your family. 
@cssvideos hehe thx  /bow
@CSSVT All except the I Vista 2 theme that I LOVE, it leaks like crazy! The BlackberryPro theme is available in beta for Bold, gonna try 
@csswizardry @StiligeCecilie Well it's not NECESARY to eat, you can choose not to 
@cstar610 aaaaaw your adorable! i just got ur tweet 
@cstatus Bolt was cute!  I'm tryin to get my DAD to watch it, haha.
@cstechcast that is lame who would want that hunk of junk... mmm maybe me but the price is still to high 
@cstromby Was going to call you back, but I see you're at the game.  Have a good time!
@cstyle311 since we are kindred spirits &amp; both artists as they say once you go to mac you never go back!  I'm excited for you!
@CstylezPink awww thanks 
@csweather: Not to our knowledge knowledge. 
@cswellz mamma mia is a very very nice film 
@cswingler I like C# a lot but I dislike ASP.NET quite a bit. I haven't found a web framework that I can get excited about. Maybe Tomcat? 
@CT3GUITAR you don't have to do it!!! trust me! 
@CT415  have a great day!
@CT415 Ah, we all have those days   .  So, what's been going on since I've been missing?
@CT415 Kiss Me Through the Phone is playin! LOL! Give me a kiss baby! 
@ctambunan you know.. Uhmmm.. The one that I can't even imagine I'm fallin 4. Ohhhh I likey likeeeee 
@ctayah awww thanks for the friendly friend follow! Everyone follow @Ctayah he is awesome!!!!! 
@ctayah lmao hahahaha opps I will redo that 
@ctb when I graduated, I brought a book to read.  20+ years later, I still get teased about it - but I wasn't bored during the ceremony 
@cteodor Got it ! Great lesson indeed; in fact, all 6 are lessons to be learned . Thanks 
@cthagod DAMN! next time--drinks on you 
@ctham AWWW, thanks!  &lt;333
@ctham Not from his point of view. Let's see if he's willing to engage in debate. We don't have to agree... 
@cthechange agreed man, I was blown away when I got large prints done for the first time not so long ago! 
@cthfc thank you so much! I'm glad you checked my interviews out  How is life in the UK on this Sunday?
@cthompson9 welcome back to the midwest!!! 
@cti97 hei, merci mult. works 
@ctigges Oh, no, thank you! I have it in my feed, but only read it occasionally. Prezi was linked by one of my pro twitter contacts. 
@CTK1 Get well soon! I look forward to our animal antics at dinner. 
@CTK1 That's awesome! I knew I picked up some gritty east coast loyalty kind of vibes from you 
@ctmini27 same thing phillies phans! 
@ctoliver3 ...lol yea I gotta drink a sparks b4 the movie.... hope I stay awake this time 
@CTopher81 Haha. Very kind of you (or brave) to let lil bro. hold your phone.  
@ctrejo86 Sounds like it's time to apply to law school, then! 
@CtripEnglish u know? i really like chinese name of Ctrip. it's good name 
@ctrl_freak Excellent!  Thanks  
@ctsinclair Camp out at Sprint store?  No tips except get their early. If @Sprint store, Ready Now rep will walk through what Pre can do.
@ctwebsites I'm impressed by anyone with computer knowledge. It is all geek to me 
@CubanaLAF @allanschoenberg @arikhanson You are either all too nice or desperate for a beer. Ha, ha... 
@CubanaLAF Meh, I deserve it. 
@CubanaLAF phone is bulletproof, it was the ol college laptop that committed suicide. its gonna be an outside weekend 
@CubanaLAF Really I would have never known that, Thanks...LOL 
@CubanaLAF to your point, some of the folks i respect most in the tech segment are women. a flip of your point i know. 
@Cubcake i wrote ''cubcake love'' on his mirror when i tagged up his car 
@cubed2D The one in Paris? Awesome   You'll be number 126 on paper, but close to the top of my list of people to meet for the first time!
@cubedfreek whenever you want, it would be nice. [: i close tuesday/wednesday and op[en friday/saturday this week so whenever. 
@cubez september 14th, for 3,5 weeks  Have you bene there already?
@cubicgarden Any power supply problems? 
@Cubicz awesome! sounds like fun 
@Cubikmusik it's all good. none taken. but yeah, i've heard guys say that before. i also pay more attention to guys w/good headphones 
@cubikmusik morning 
@Cubikmusik or give up - just a thought 
@cubsjunkie grr ik. But the brewer game is making me feel a little better 
@cucbka In a beer bottle 
@cucchiaio Oh. It seems like I've totally missed this catastrophe 
@cucu1984 omg right!! I loved it! toooo much!! 
@cucupan If you get to go, have lots of fun for me and tell me how it went! 
@cuddlemonsterrr don't worry alyssaaaa, you will get your turkey legs and unshowered men fix nexy year!  promise 
@CuddlyChicken I heard that 
@Cudlitz I wish I had that problem... I'm seriously excited about a 3-day-weekend! 
@Cudlitz Is this the real you? 
@CUERVOLOVE Good Morning, How are you?  Hope you been keeping out of trouble?!?!?!   
@CUESA getting ready for a tasty Saturday morning  http://bit.ly/P0DK8
@Cuevman81 Thx for the#ff 
@culinaryjen Jennifer! Hi there! 
@Cullen_Edward21 it shows..and im sure bella would say the same 
@cullenbell you like it 
@cullenbella_ Yeah, it's a really relaxing song that reminds me of summer 
@CullenLover Haha.  Well, still for New Moon!!  Yay!
@CulpeperHerbs Thanks for the greywater link, very interesting - my friends think I'm strange taking my watering can into the shower 
@Cult_of_Angels  only once?
@Cult_of_Angels Thanks!  (RE: Interesting idea)
@Cult_of_Angels That's why we seem to get along so well.  
@CultivateHealth Don't know what brand you were looking for, but McCann's Irish Oats are #gfree. 
@cultlabs @stevemassart #Franklyn is indeed a future culy classic, want to see it on blu-ray on my new tv 
@cultlabs Are you Sam or Dave? 
@cultlabs Yeah, I definitely will: although not much of a FB person these days 
@cultofdusty Exactly right. Though I don't know who they're impressing in MY neighborhood. I'm the youngest resident by at least 80 years 
@cultofdusty sombrero? lol....then i call you speedy gonzales or slow poke rodriguez...lol 
@cultofdusty WHEN he does 
@cultofdusty Yes, and it's working! Sweet, I'm having fun with this guy 
@culturalenigma  =o make me shutup 
@CulturedCort lol heck yea! WOOT! 
@CultureFX Or out of a shoe. To me it smells like what I think sweaty socks would taste like 
@culturesurge Hey!  Follow me! 
@cultvines I do too! 
@cultvines Ohhhh, I am sorry I missed all of the fun but working in FL isn't too bad either.  Orlando and most of the west coast of FL  
@Cum4U Awww. Such a sweetie. Glad u have a tenderheart. 
@CumsOnYou :O then you should read the books... because they're even better. 
@cunderwood83 please reply to this and visit http://carrie-underwood.net and tell me whatcha think 
@cunningstunts22 all done nearly and no cuts yet 
@cunningstunts22 hi hun where did you in for the weekend  x
@cunningstunts22 not going just yet have to wait for the guys to go but my sleepin starts at 11 so they will be by then  x
@CuntFaceBeth Have to add some now 
@CuntFaceBeth I'll sing it with you! 
@cunvail Thanks, I feel like a freak doing a play-by-play but it's *SO* good and there is SO much there  thanks for reading my journal.
@Cupcake_Dollie Hey whore. 
@cupcake_owlcity  *smiles* thanx. im glad u like it.  btw, I love corinne B. I own her cd
@cUpCaKe_SwEeT Ahaha I should feel bad for you, but no. I find that TOTALLY HILARIOUS 
@cupcake2643 thanks for biting me hehe 
@cupcakebabe ooo, I have the hummingbird book - scrumptious! You'll love it! 
@cupcakehitman On Underworld: did you get to see Rise of Lycans? Was it any good? I wanted to see it pretty badly. 
@cupcakeloser Yeah, it's cool, means I can go for a visit, catch-up, coffee AND ink! 
@cupcakeluv Yep it does 
@cupcakemafia I was totally thinking about you when I ate those cupcakes the other night. But not in a dirty way. 
@cupcakemafia you have my permission to grab 40 extra giant sized winks, whenever you like 
@CupcakeNicki maybe a sake bomb will help with the pain? You should sneek one 
@cupcakeoD00M oh the other men in our lives 
@cupcakes5...thanks...she's cutie, especially when she let's her mom sleep some!! 
@cupcakesfortwo it has been full on monday but im pretty fantastic 
@cupcakesfortwo Must say I love your ever changing pictures darling 
@cupcakesfortwo no, I think is slowing down now.. just gotta be careful a bit, when I stand up... very annoying, lemme tell ya.. 
@cupcakesfortwo Too tired to dance  very hungry but will not eat. Don't like anything in the house to eat at the moment.
@cupcakesfortwo yes yes 10:30 here we come ! Can't wait for mr ross although there last year's repeats it still good to watch 
@cupcakesfortwo. Well hon, happy that you are not losing it. Yes, like Cup too  How is work?
@cupcakesRgood I got her some &quot;Dubbel Nougat&quot;. Guess her reaction to THAT after getting a &quot;pearl&quot; bracelet and necklace  double check what
@cupespresso  EM 0480  or I have a KG100 available right NOW
@CupidsEscorts ah life is tough.. though it could be better when drinking Krug.. salute 
@cupnoodles august sounds good 
@CupOfStartup Hello there. thanks for dropping by. 
@cupofwhat That's a club I've always wanted to join. 
@cuppateaandcake I know how you feel I hope your feeling better. I'm designing a purse 
@cuppycakee 1) it cost 50 friggin dollars and its like new. 2) Wii !!  xD
@curbsideyogini good luck on your interview 
@Curi0us ...in KENYA!!! 
@curiosityrules My usual is a flat plain bagel with cream cheese and 2  slices of ham 
@curious06 tx roadhouse!!  
@curious1966 Good morning.  How was your weekend?
@curious1966 got to stop buying that stuff 
@Curiouseralice I'm thinkin' you shouldn't speak for your entire class.  But hey, at least I know I'll be seeing you.  
@CuriouserPanda Awhh I don't know yetbut I want you guys there !  x O x
@curiousHeidiHi Haha...yes, am feeling a bit better, thanks. I can always find the funny when it comes to reproductive organs, though. 
@curiousHeidiHi Thanks for the followfriday love! 
@curiousHeidiHi those seem like small, reasonable requests 
@curiousillusion @crustydolphin Crusty Curious Dolphin Illusion, thanks for the company, I'm off to snore, have a great day! 
@curiousillusion By the way, I like your bubble pics. Esp the last one, ur in it! 
@curiousillusion I can't run carrying water...the swishing noise bugs me, lol. I keep it in my car along with my giant tub of gatorade. 
@curiousillusion Take photos!  Long exposure, rest it on something steady, see if u catch lightning or flares.
@curiousillusion U know, HIMYM season DVDs here, $28 for S1 &amp; S2, and $38 for S3. Robbery! So I'm waiting for the present from you. 
@curiousmike Maybe until Wednesday? 
@curiousyaseen i was at 24 pumping iron! 
@Curlity isch 
@curlsdiva There's so much music we haven't heard but that's good. All the more to discover 
@Curly_1977 aww thanks wow germany :o awesome I went to italy once haha going back this summer n england  ha
@Curly_1977 lol well then I hope you get to goo 
@curly00315 ok that's good. I've still got a fever and am trying to cough up my lungs every five minutes.  It is getting pretty annoying 
@curly89 Happy Birthday! I hope your day is filled with awesome! 
@curlydena Yeah, road rules are in force for anything &gt; 1 wheel 
@curlyheadedfcuk @poopiesanchez just got up. Had to get up early today bc I work at 3 
@Curlyminx Ha! Yes. 
@Curlyminx Morning you    have a safe drive home 
@CurlySue76 I want to see wedding pics 
@curlywurlycat no warriors dance - too new I guess...added some of of the others and queued up a jamiroquai tubne next 
@curlyxfries Sure i do  Ah okay Thanks 
@curraghman thats made @ThorElsson very happy now 
@CurranTRC you guys were awesome, I had tons of fun 
@Currawong  Good on ya, Curra! 
@CurrenSy_Spitta Are you up for a trip to Australia with @knsocial?? 
@CurrenSy_Spitta have fun in beantown! 
@Currentevents2 knows all about addiction LOL should see me when I see a diet coke commercial 
@curriebowl yes I'm looking forward to you providing me breakfast in bed this weekend too 
@currykidd It's funny! It's a creation of Joss Whedon (he did Buffy, Angel, Firefly, etc.). It's hard to explain, but it's good. 
@currykidd Laptop? Pick up laptop, walk outside, sit down with laptop. Tada! You are now revising outside 
@CursedJezzy 
@cursedmortivore Absolutely  We've already booked our table and rooms.
@Cursmidgeon he's too cute and fat 
@Cursmidgeon now THAT is a combination 
@curt_mowery Hey, it's ok. Just spoilsTwitter for me a bit, but they seem to hassle loads of people, so not just me. Yeah, we're nice 
@curtarnold And no, Bret Michaels is not bald. He has told us so. And shown us his golden European hair extensions multiple times 
@curtcavin shaq and @danicapatrick need to be in a photo together. If someone can figure out how to frame the shot...  
@Curtis havin a fun time on BlogTV 
@Curtis91 Good isnt it 
@CurtisKern Let's go sometime soon then 
@curtispeoples good to hear. i saw the trailer a couple wks ago and it looks great. 
@curtiswalker finally responded to your DN message...sorry for the delay 
@curtiswalker you are a strange man 
@CurvaceousDee Ha! I hadn't heard of Comstock before (I guess I'm pretty vanilla!) but how ironic! 
@CurvaceousDee Tabu's awesome. 
@Curve8900 Ur page sure full of our updates 
@curveballmami replied  .... It feels good to be writing and good to have a writing partner 
@curveballmami You look beautiful in it, too.   And LOVE the shirt!!
@Cuse_Fan ok..well direct messages arn't working for me..well going to be on im tt you on im when you can 
@cussamn I'm glad you liked them! I have a couple more including Jordan BABY I BELIEVE IN YOU. i'll post them soon!  Andrea
@Custard_Socks Ah, wicked  You are utter win today (and always)! I've got nothing done apart from the shopping *lol*
@Custard_Socks Replying now! 
@Custardcuppcake  cool, my comp keeps freezing! nice playing with you!  let's do it again some time!
@Custardcuppcake how is Aussie...im hopin to be there in Sydney in less than a week just got my VISA on thursday whoot whoot 
@Custardcuppcake No!! I wish it can be soon to Friday!!  Monday syndrome!! HA! HA! 
@Custardcuppcake Nooo not facebook NOOOOOO dont do it!!! 
@Custardcuppcake Opps... and BDay is the 11th 
@Custardcuppcake thank you  I should be 100% soon  The testing is improving every time, so I'm getting there 
@Custardcuppcake Thats awesome  I appreciate that  What else you been up to? 
@Custardcuppcake wtf?? My dog smells. 
@custaro lol, and never has a more accurate analysis been stated, or communicated in song! if only it were on itunes... oh the memories! 
@CustomCreation - We drank ours away, May Day Bank Holiday today 
@CustomMadeUK  Goodness, that is very similar with the little heart etc...your dollies are nicer though 
@CustomTees Have emailed order to you.    Need to get @NomadRip his winning tshirt design made for him!
@cutalin  graphic design with JD? .. nice! the concept art part 2 is amazing! fabulous works!  heja, thanks. 
@cuteattacks thanks mel 
@cutebutsad brilliant Eurovision commentary! you should do the hosting next year! 
@cutecourt_95 my friend Eric and his girlfriend Monique came over to visit, so it might b awhile b4 i get back online.....chat soon C! 
@cutefont super gave me $ for the corona .. Wadda guy 
@cutehannah Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@cuteinstitute I understand the lost ...lost feeling, I'm right there with you. Geuss I will have to spend the summer crocheting! 
@cuteladybug it is early, or late if you're a third shifter. 
@cutenessa yes it is.  &amp;don't get hit by a car!!no0o. :p hope u have a gr8 nightxox
@cuteordeath just bought a copy...will report back post-arrival 
@cuteordeath that would make my decade! Btw...your tweets are superior to most. Pls keep it up 
@cuteordeath yesterday was the kind of beautiful day that makes you glad to be alive  
@CuteRain its great following you on here, very kewl stuff 
@cutestcookie78 It took me awhile, but I finally adapted &quot;Ping&quot; to my vocabulary 
@cutestfox Good night  
@cutestkidever but mine doesn't watch tv - unless of course there is a hockey game on 
@cutestkidever Guess who is awake right now 
@cutestkidever I miss naptime - it is so quiet when they nap 
@cutestkidever sorry to hear that today is Big Brother's first day with no nap and I am exhausted because of it 
@Cutey_Me morning 
@CuteyBaby  I got a cafe mocha frap. and it's sooooo good 
@cutiebbwncali sundays 9pm..vh1 has the episodes online so you can catch up on the great drama 
@cutieCowgirl 
@cutiemoet hey, right now i'm watching fred on youtube! 
@cutiepup Still workin on Indy... haven't forgotten. Just had to stop and reflect on my horrid makeup job. Priorities!  Also, OKC/Tulsa...
@Cutiie16 @SongzYuuup hell yea im ready been waitin all day LOL 
@cutmealive yeah...whose dress is it?  so cute...u look like lolita hehehe
@CutOutCollect Ha, I know the feeling! And then in October the spending  begins again to prepare for Christmas! 
@CuttaC @cocoandbreezy @zillaman @DatBoiBabyC @WRECKAMIC @ and everyone on here reppin Texas and Dallas, Mad Love &lt;3 Good nite y'all 
@CuttaC AWW YOU KNOW IM A DJ/GRAPHIC DESIGNER/PHOTOGRAPHER/DENTIST LOL HOPE U FEEL BETTER 
@cuttiesas4life Im 25, male, live in Slovenia, Europe. I love your profile picture here on twitter 
@cuuixsilver - only got one spam DM from you, so I hope it's fixed now!  
@CuzILuvIt  I can't wait to see it, never seen it b4
@CVanceismyQueen Actor Dahling 
@CVJason @MINDY979 @inotherwords_c @scrapplesandwic @thenewnicole @Sweettreat Thank you for the FFs my friends!  
@cvpuerro ...and on the last day, God made Ambien...  I've had insomnia for 4 days &amp; finally got my medicine &amp; slept like a baby
@cvqueen925 if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
@cvray your welcome 
@cw1286 is anything wrong? 
@cwboldt and what did you bring back for me huh? 
@cwbullard Do it! You pretty much only ever tweet about food anyway. 
@cwcelebreporter I checked out ur blogspot I'm feelin what ur doing 
@cwdaniels Oh, forget the sermon! Just have unprogrammed silent worship. 
@CWEEEZY Thank you 
@cwelton: Hi Chris, Im at napier doing communications, any advice when looking for work experience in the PR sector? 
@cwichura that's why I watch BBC from California 
@cwierson I love you, thanks for dinner 
@cwindley The Band http://tinyurl.com/c7g8xh I'll stop now. 
@cwindon jeremy already did 
@cwinskill Our Financials software products. Work stuff... 
@cwinters I see you are up late too 
@Cwluc Good! Already had my breakfast, awaiting the FA Cup final (English football equivalent to the US Superbowl). How about you? 
@cwmyers Screamfeeder is one of them, yes... 
@cwneill she was pretty bewildered looking but we managed 2 avoid disaster 
@CWOK Yeah! Should be fun too! The couple are really good fun!  And they will have their dog which will add to the fun 
@cwong08 I have a Kindle2 (&amp; Sony PRS-500). Like it! Physical device feels good. Font is nice. Pg turns are snappy enuf. UI a little klunky.
@cwpoon Adopting DestroyTwitter  thanks a lot #chuckmemondays #destroytwitter 
@cwrite101 i heart this phrase. positive vibrations 
@cwrite101 of course! LOVE joan- bet she has a lot of fab stories. not sure i could handle a night on the town w/ aubrey, but def. lunch 
@CWSchoepflin aw sorry charlie! im just so excited! i'll let you guys play w/them later 
@cwstokes You were probably too far away from the transmitters at the top 
@cwtch is you that is a Mr J Fforde fan? he's on here  
@cwtsh Ha! I thought you might do those  and thankies, you too! 3 days for you! 
@cwtsh I think I've got them all 
@cyanida wow, twittering at work? nice  u are the person who updates by minutes XDXD
@CyanideCine I started posting when I realized I've got nothing better to do x] AND it makes making a sig useful 
@cyantist hey how are you?? Write back  x
@cyantist thanks. Glad you like it. 
@CyberAlyMan I don't know about 13, but FF10 soundtrack is the best in my opinion 
@cyberauron as little as possible  Sporting goods warehouse/supply office. I'd like to be a writer, but I lack talent &amp; writing skills.
@cyberboff If you're going back to the Victoria era, I'll come with.  I want to steal some dresses and corsets 
@cyberdees You mustn't post such pics when I'm hungry 
@cybereddie Thanks I needed a song to start my day 
@Cyberela good mornin cyby 
@Cyberela Thank you my friend! It was about time I put some color in my avatar 
@CyberEmma Oh dooont.... I just closed the pack...1/2 eaten. May have to get coffee now to wash the rest down 
@CyberEmma oh yes....squishy it is. I'm kind of growing fond of it 
@cyberentomology there's a BB app in development, and the mobile web version...I've never used on non-iPhone so who knows 
@cyberhiker Yes, SC-9. Interpret and discuss.  #securitytwits
@cyberK13 haha .. not really la .. he was born as soon as i got back into the hospital ..  ...
@CyberMilitia that's very thoughtful 
@Cybermudgeon Ahh, I see. 
@cybersapp...dont start over tomorrow! 2day's not over..U still have time.. 
@cybersass @angelsmind's facebook 
@cybersybil Mad at sports results.  And gathering to watch game ended on weird note. But mostly mad at sports results.
@cybersybil We do that in my fam. 
@cybervenus on second thoughts yea, its some i can give my vote to, cheers 
@cybervenus she looks well 
@CyberWasteland @cartoonmoney Relax  I still like both of you (and I'm generally not friends with girls. They are scary *shudders*)
@CyberWasteland At least penguins with silly hats makes me smile. 
@CyberWasteland Eh. Like I said, I want Doctor Who : The Video Game, not Doctor Who : Buckets of Blood. 
@CyberWasteland Oh, was it annoying?  (The 'and' bothers me, shush.  )
@Cyberwest thanks for that twitpic, sure made me laugh 
@Cyberwest yes, I hope so. Then I can look down on all those raging about losing data and haven't heard of the cloud 
@cybiksana Fancy a trip to my house to prune a buddleia? (sp?)  Paul hacked it back and it's come back stronger!
@cyborgturkey : way too funny... Never gonna look @ Ariel the same way again 
@cyborgturkey can you tell seth that nicole/boof/ed debevics from way back sends her best? seth stayed w/ me for a bit , he should recall 
@cyborgturkey Dazzler would be a great movie.  You should get on that.
@cybormoron it's almost 12pm here sir.. woke up late this morning. 
@Cycast07 thanksss  ily moree
@CyCee 
@CycleGirlPdC wine always helps !!! 
@cyclelicious I think we are destined to only be internet friends. 
@cyclepath55 Sounds good!   Time for me to get some sleep.  Goodnight.
@cycling2009 Just a fan.   Thx.
@cycling2009 Yep.  And actually, it would make a cool avatar.  I should really have something cycling like but the duck makes me smile 
@cyclingamericas i have heard there are a lot of mosquito's in Alaska, is that true, i have always wanted to go there 
@cyclingdiva Nearly time for the Dauphine! Lots of yummy climbing there 
@cyclingdiva Neighbor interuptuss... she had beer.  LOL.  Typing now.  
@cydneyw http://twitpic.com/2nvz6 - We're both famous 
@cyh3772 wear those woolly socks from woolies! So comfy and keeps your feet so warm 
@CYHSYtheband Yes you're totally right! Nick Cave &amp; The Bad Seeds...I believe he IS Australian!-though I'm not actually from here. 
@Cyhwuhx Erm nope I didn't, oh bugger. I'm too excited 
@Cyhwuhx LOL  That's a better way to put it haha...
@cyktrussell Nice going you dang cyclist. Ironman Triathlon next 
@cyktrussell yankee? them fighting words.. 
@cymberrain keep going cymberrain!!!  GoGOGO!!!! 
@CyndiRakey 
@cyndiruel make sure it isn't too far, he may not make it 
@Cynical_Woman I am not going shoe shopping for him its hard enough finding my own heals. 
@Cynical_Woman It sounds like a wonderful birthday. Good thoughts and hugs to all. 
@Cynical_Woman You are most welcome! I am way more than halfway afraid of what you are going to do with all these words... 
@cynical76 Yeah, it looks pretty decent   Don't suppose there's a co-op mode?
@CynicalChris *gasp*  You didn't love it?!  Blasphemy.  I think that tweet qualifies as racist hate speech  
@cynicalmd hye there,dah figure out how to tweet from phone?gi je kat settings-devices,then add your phone number 
@Cynicor Score zero for the police then, that's for sure. Are you saying this because you sir, are a drummer? Thanks for picture feedback 
@Cynkeys Sweet.  Looked like a beautiful day there.  
@CynlovesTI ....FedEx and it's Clayton with a delivery   Do they wear uniforms like UPS?????
@CynlovesTI Guess you need to &quot;run out in the middle of the pouring rain&quot;  
@CynLuscious my thoughts exactly 
@CynMichener Yea so roughly about 120 bucks per event   But that is what she wanted and asked for. 
@Cynnergies ha! just the massive amounts of spam received. heads w/ties, headless chicks, brown/turquoise unidentified faces. junk mail 
@Cynnergies thank you for signing up to my blog. You are too kind...  ~Remy
@cyntalist don't tell me ur back at Natural's pigging out ;). BTW, jackfruit stuff is almost over, thanks to me 
@Cyntaxerror Always sleep with a knife under ye pillow ay! 
@cynthia_123 I know rite 
@Cynthia_123 LOL I HEAR YA SIS 
@cynthia_k0 I'm glad you like it 
@cynthia_leigh aw.  true. but we both know that i'd dislocate something
