hopefully going to get a new phone today  finals weren't that bad. i hope i did good
hopefully going to the city with AMELIA! 
hopefully gonna make my play amt demo today  xx
Hopefully I can be approved for summer and fall semesters if I meet with a counselor today. 
hopefully i can catch some sun this afternoon 
hopefully i get to surf on thursday 
Hopefully I'll be able to go to Miri next week. Maybe another wish of mine would come true! 
hopefully i'll get my car back from the shop. driving mom's prius, i kinda like this car haha   wants to chilll if anyone is down!
Hopefully my sister will get tickets for DM in november so we can go there together - yays! 
hopefully my sunburn will finally go away today.  interview at 3. tyler might come over if his bro can bring him.
Hopefully ordering my Nike+ running shoes tomorrow thanks to my dad!  He's the best!!
hopefully shopping today.. lol 
Hopefully the maintenance will accidently give me alot more followers! 
Hopefully the next time I'm free..can go up and buy Kamen Rider Black, Black RX, 555 &amp; Kabuto DVD...Haha..Wishful thinking 
Hopefully the pool's going to be ready by tomorrow 
Hopefully the sun will be shining again tomorrow! Beautiful ay today  â™¥
Hopefully the worst of the storm is over now. NewYorkCity this fall. 
Hopefully today will go by fast. Excited to go home Thursday 
hopefully, mum is too lazy to cook dinner. So we can have KFC. 
hopes everyone has a good night's rest! sleep well and pleasant dreams!  xoxo
Hopes everyone is having a good day 
hopes iits a niicee day  just wokee up...
hopes it gets nicer out today.  ??
hopes mcneill had fun with his fishsticks goodnight. im so happy 
hopes my boo @dre_n_va is n better sprits  call u later 4 more foolishness
hopes my girl @teemwilliams feels better. That was some grimey sh*t they pulled! Don't worry girl. Karma is on her way 
hopes my hubby sleeps in with me tomorrow 
hopes our method actors aren't waking up the neighbors. 
Hopes Pete has a great day.  I pullin for ya buddy!    Tons of appointments this afternoon, but enjoying the sunshine anyway.
hopes shes matches, but whatever. i think i look fine.  I can't believe i graduated last year. it seems like 9038 years ago.
hopes that everyone has an AWESOME Saturday!!!!!!!  
hopes that her and mother can do somthing fun today! 
hopes that she'll adjust easily to the BIG change  http://plurk.com/p/yu69u
hopes this is a good weekend like the last two! 
Hopes this works 
hopes to jam again next week with theeee Genekiaaaames!! 
hopes to rest on this last week of vacation. 
hopes tomorrow morning will have a clear skies  Gonna use shots 23 and 24 for it ) http://plurk.com/p/rdtlp
hopes tomorrow would be a sunny day  http://plurk.com/p/xf05m
hopes when she goes onto this and looks at all my tweets, she really does know how much I love her... Thank you God for her. 
hopes you're having fun reading my plurks, now go and do something slightly less say, kay?  http://plurk.com/p/rikhn
Hopia is life and so as blackshot. 
Hoping @HelloNatalia has a good day, that her neck feels better, and that she can look to sunny side of things today 
Hoping @iamsuperbianca will plug #Chalk on her twitter 
Hoping everyone's Saturday is productive.Off to a far away land for the weekend.Tweet you later.Ok so maybe not so far away an 1 hr 
Hoping federer will win this time....!! 
hoping for a beautiful sunday 
Hoping for a better job soon  chateau laurier please?!
Hoping for a change in the weather so i can hit the sea for some serious seafood 
hoping for a good day today, inshallah 
Hoping for a nice day today! 
hoping for an exciting match tonight.. but netherlands will qualify 
Hoping for good news this week  
Hoping for great dreams 
hoping for lebron vs. kobe but thats not looking good :/  at least the yankees are being awesome right now 
Hoping I can get some good sleep tonight... Poor baby, I still feel bad. A nice warm lavender bath made her feel good though  she's tough!
hoping i didn't wake Mookie up this morning...  sitting at Orlando airport.....long day ahead....
hoping i get a phone call today 
Hoping I get the CD's that Chrissy sent me in the mail today!  Seriously love that girl, she's awesome.
hoping I won't miss my red hair so much... can't wait to see my new color 
Hoping it doesn't rain today.  Was going to take the boys outside for a bug hunt and bird photo shoot.  lesson: observation and patience. 
hoping it gets sunny so i can hang out by the pool all day 
Hoping it's going to stay dry for @foodsafariuk foraging event at 11 today. Looking forward to it 
Hoping my mastery of the english language will carry me to beat others who have studied much longer for this exam.  SOOOOOO CLOSE!!!  
Hoping my other besty is having TONS of fun at the mtv awards tonight! 
Hoping that @marthabird will return to the gym. 37 days later and she's changed continents to get away from the gym 
Hoping that AShley T. And Taylor Lautner will get a Movie Award  and just relexing 
hoping that my positive mental outlook for the week can make it a good one.  it will!  i need a good week. 
hoping that no more drama today will mean that i can go to class tonight.  was a crazy one for sure!  luckily great teacher at 7 
Hoping that the rest of her school year goes as smooth as possible 
hoping the blues do it today after a memorable and emotional week in Liverpool...or at least kick the scum off the pitch 
Hoping the day will go by fast and that 530 will come quickly! 
Hoping the old voice pulls through with trumps tonight, not feeling tip top. CAPESIDE will have fun tonight 
Hoping the sun lasts today 
Hoping this swelling will go down tonight so i can be smiley for tomorrow! 
Hoping to contact this exciting place to offer my help or my wok and leave my little mark in Berlin  http://tiny.cc/rcl05
Hoping to do some #drupal work with new partner, D2. Check them out: http://www.d2-solutions.co.uk/ 
hoping to find soon a good work...need money to LA 
Hoping to get a tan today 
Hoping to get our second app uploaded to Apple's Appstore today  #iphone
Hoping to go out soon n get my new dress 
hoping to have some good news soon about the Darius Trilogy...possible production agent interest 
hoping to launch at a local cat show next month 
Hoping to see vintage Beckett tomorrow, like we saw vintage Lester (12 K!) and Matsuzaka lately. 
hoping to sleep well today 
Hoping today goes by fast!  So far so good, rest of the day I have easy classes  lunch chorus spanish and mathhhh
hoping work will be really quiet from now on so I can put the phones on divert and sit in the sun with my shorts on 
Hopped up out the bed...turn my swagg on...on the way to the hospital right now...yea, yeah  ashley is the best, best i eva had 
Hopped up out the beeed...grab my cell fon,check my twitter updates like wasap!...lol woke up in a gud mood 
hOppedd inn thaa shower its ALREADY 7O degrees today :] , i feel a qoodd dayy comingg oon 
HoreEeeeee brand new uniform and classes .no more exam 
Horny,sex,dat released some strees.....  ...Viï¿½ï¿½egas... 
HOROSCOPE SEZ: &quot;You're growing intellectually. Feed your mind, it's hungry for knowledge.&quot; a head of knowledge with a reproductive mind! 
horray for free copies of &quot;We Are Marshall&quot; 
Horray!! I've been accepted into the Bazaar Bizarre Maker Faire 2009!! With 50% of accepted vendors being NEW to BazBiz, I am honored. 
Horrible evening yesterday, but now we happy again 
horrible hair,face and bleurgh photo!...but woo paolo nutini wristband for tonightt  only reason im 'posing'... http://tinyurl.com/n5jpr9
horribly quiet today on twitter 
Horse show 
Horse show!! Wish me luck 
Horseback Riding With  Joey. 
Horseshoe Bay, we be on our... Trip. Too much sun, and it ain't even 11. 
Hosenbugler â€¢ Trouserpress in German â€¢ 
Hospital time 
hostage... probably the best movie ever made. i never get sick of it! 
Hosted the economics reception for graduating seniors this morning. Now I can do some writing until tomorrow morning commences 
Hosty with the ball and chain.. 
hot air balloon - owl city &lt;------ the ultimatee happy song!  =D  =D
Hot air balloons while driving to school! 
hot and heavy make out sessions are in order...Dearest boy, kiss me now please. Thank you 
hot as hell, running around in the park, i'm done... these kids kill me 
hot bartender just mixed me somethin lethal.  
hot bath, maxwell,  &amp;&amp; vanilla candles. breakfast was great. upstairs &amp; down. i love this sunday 
hot black men + dunkins coffee = a good start to my day.  
Hot blonde just winked at me. 
hot boy at the bus stop, my sunglasses are so dark i can prev unashamedly! thank god for sun and single life opportunities 
Hot boys at sonic 
Hot butter fingers. Getting ready for Hampton Court and Czardas with Oi Va Voi. Fun Fun FUN! 
hot chip's bugged in disc looks like it may well be my postfestival album of this summer...calypso, zongamin and rap about bognor regis 
Hot chocolate, the ultimate energy drink. 
Hot coco Yummy!  *BeautifulyLost
hot coffee is sooo good! 
HOT DAMN! Dave Annable from Brothers &amp; Sisters tweeted me!!! WOOOOW! 
Hot damn, I'm at fucking Disneyland! 
Hot damn, this is my dinner yogurtland with rina sisters gatsby &amp; franny 
Hot damn. Party is open bar. On third drink. 
Hot dang, I made it to the gym!  one day down atleast 2 to go...I really need to bring sexy back! Yeah!
Hot day on OST autobahn   http://twitpic.com/5f4jl
Hot day with cool people! 
Hot dog hullaballoo...time to sell some chili!! Vietti demos coming soon to a grocery store near you...  http://bit.ly/xgffN via @addthis
Hot dogs and ice cream cones make me feel five again. Love it. 
Hot dood walking around in his underwear in the gym? 
Hot mango green tea at midnight. It doesnt get any better than this. 
Hot Outside  Later of 2 new jersey 2 have a BBQ i think? so happyyy
Hot pecan banana bread right out of the oven! Now that's what I call good! 
hot pocket and beer maybe.. sounds pretty good right now 
Hot Pocket?..... I think so!!!  (I'm so bored sitting here all alone watching a movie. =/. lameness!)
Hot pockets and ice cream. No better combo. 
Hot pockets at 4am. Nice. 
Hot ramen soup to end a longgg munching night 
Hot showers make everything better  all i need is sumbody to tuck me in. . ugh miss my gramma
Hot tub last night was well worth it, feeling real relaxed today 
hot wings cafe with willyum  mild, spicy BBQ, curly fries.. delicious!!  http://twitpic.com/4wesr
HOT!  Lets play Hawaiian today... ))
hot, hot, hot! 23ï¿½ degrees in my livingroom at 9 am. New record 
Hotel booked in Manchester for the Kings! 
Hotfries &amp; an iced coffee  gotta love road trips!
hothothott 
hotpink satinbow headband is much loved- 
hotscripts pulls 190 visits in just 4 days. I think Beatz rocks 
hottest day of the year my ass 
Hour 12 of flex week. Only 28 more to go 
Hours are regular so that's good  wiahvme luck I'm horrible at math lol
House &amp; tea 
House clean-check. Cake done-check. Beans done-check. Pasta salad done-check. Now I can go to bed..Amen to that 
House cleaning...sometimes my mom gets too stressed out but it does make me happy the reason behind it 
House Hunting is so frustrating! And fun at the same time 
house is almost finish, shit from neighbor, labors not pro, slowdown the progress, chase metal guy tomorrow, borrow brother money, 
house is now 55% more clean, the porch is walk-onable, main floor is done; time for texas hold'em.    im heart site will get love soon 
House marathon, laundry, grocery shopping, cleaning....You're jealous of my life.  
House music should continue to destroy R&amp;B, not suddeny decide to rescue it! OK thats my ranting over for the day 
house party. talking about ghosts&amp; taking shots w stace&amp;sommer. My two favorite things. 
House season 5 - good stuff  time with GF, priceless.
House smells of fresh blueberry muffins .mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
House warming party at the Klauses' before work. 
HOUSE WAS ACE! 
house.  sleep.  workout.  MTV MOVIE AWARDS!!!   (super excited for the New Moon trailer.. haha)
House/Apartment shopping today 
housework....garden......mmmm ???  Garden it is then lol! 
HOUSTON NIGGAS, BOY YALL DONT KNOW A REAL FEMALE WEN YALL SEE 1, YALL MAKE ME LAUGH, BACK 2 DA ATL I GO 
Houston show went awesome!! Thanks to everyone that came out and rocked out with us!! We love you peeeps!!! 
Houston where is Lorinda?, HMS Eastfield is going down get your ores and paddle away!! kebab on route to gob...... 
How about &quot;Dreams, Creams and Disney teams&quot; 
How about 208frycmpany   #FreeIdahoFryCompany
How about another try without the garbage boat in the front!   http://mypict.me/2M8i
How about milinokas @smegatron  lol ?? You and andy could be brothers 
How about neon green! That glow in the dark 
How about this.. Youth room at 6?? Sound good?   sam ( :
How about we all #FollowFriday the masked man @westham999  And talk him into taking that mask off!!!  ready set GO
How are my girls doin? I'm ALMOST finished packing... then I can shower and sit down to finish crafts 
How are you celebrating July 4th? Staying home? Traveling? Let us know! 
How awesome is this guy 
how boring......i have to annoy my friends. 
how bout i bring u @ThePISTOL a lunchbox set when i come to your show in Detroit! &amp;i'll be sure i stock it with the legendary 'grape-aid' 
how can anyone want to change susan boyle? she starts to look like cheryl cole already - if not better - i would be affraid 
How can e-prescribing &amp; Clinical Decision Support be used to improve patient care? Synopsis available - DM me if you want to know more. 
how can i get rid off ants can any 1 help  xx
how can I get roch online?  Or at least earn 10 000$/month a year form now
How can u tweet allllllllll day long sittin behind a terminal? I understand #mobileapps but all day behind a screen? wow. Do u work? j/k 
how can you see me? i'm wearing my invisibility cloak. 
Hates the fakeness of certain individuals Better get those scissors out to remove the pain 
HATES the weather its so so nasty and has NO idea how to work this damn thing, but is finding it quite cool at the same time!! 
hates to admit to it but is getting slowly addicted to twitter now just need to find out if im really following celebs 
Hates when MTV lies about showing the Movie Awards. But we did to get watch Can't Hardly Wait which makes things better. &quot;Aman-DUH!&quot; 
Going to play some beach volleyball 
Going to play some ping-pong on my patio...I'm amazing at this game yeahhh 
Going to play tennis  everyone is awake!
Going to play tennis then watch the MTV movie awards before work. Looking forward to watch the New Moon trailer 
Going to play Uno w/ Meaghan's dad (*smile) and then bed... Only 104 days left until SHOWTIME!!!!... Everyone have a drink for me  NIGHT!
going to play with my glamourdollshadows in a few and record some videos 
Going to Polo with my sister and mommy 
Going to post office then for a swim and RELAX! 
going to pour myself some now...hoping it will improve my pace time tomorrow morning!  
going to prayer meeting ler  update my blog later 
going to pride with one of her best buddies SHANE and his hubby SEAN.  
going to Purwokerto 
going to quickly tidy my room, then off to town 
Going to read 
going to read 'drifting life' by yoshihiro tastumi 
Going to read for abit, then I'm going to bed!   night to you all
Going to read 'Into Thin Air' then sleep. And most likely be woken up very early by my cousin. Goodnightttt 
Going to read some news now on another Space. 
Going to read 'The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas'  Junior Cert exams are starting on wednesday.
Going to red robins 
Going to Reilly's today  BFF
Going to relax myself after reading spirit filled..watching A&amp;D..heard is a very nice show. 
going to relay for life, once sexy butt picks me up 
going to rhineland tomorrow 
going to rhody  bye.
going to rice bowl, then to my cuzo's house 
Going to Rocky Point Park tomorrow. Who wanna go? I'll be there after 3pm, by the playground...if you want, give me a call! 
Going to roll to B Fly's party. See yot there if your going to be there 
going to Rove tonight 
going to run around with my mom today and grab a bite to eat  oh yeah and gran torino great movie
@EETWiz But they're so cute! And hmm.. 37? 
@eeUS forgot to add you on my list of HAPPY MOM's DAY LADIES! Hope you have a good one! 
@eeUS Hell yes, I don't know why I live here  LOL
@eevehValeedeh thank you! it's my life work; maybe i'll do some tonight 
@eevon KEKEKE I KNOW RITE! 
@EeyoresTail cool! Just a few yrs ago 
@eezalagmay My arms and abs are dying from yesterdays two hour work out session! ...but I guess that's a good thing, huh? 
@EFactor18 yes you're absolutely right.  I will listen to my dr E.   thank u for caring. Xxxx love u and miss u more
@efan78 How about you? Oldest or youngest in the class at school? 
@efan78 Sloooow today - just about to go out and see what's up 
@EFCuttin That unfortunately isn't surprising - any iCoonery details? 
@efeida haha i &lt;heart&gt; NY! 2nd choice.. Melbourne.. 3rd choice.. London..an english speaking city would really be the way to go for moi 
@efeliini  can I come?;)
@efeliini we have succeeded well.;) -True. 
@effectuator welcome back to the land of consciousness. I'll be interested to see what your sleeping patterns are tonight  I ain't goi ...
@effetti - sorry to see you go! ciao [for now?] 
@effifuks no 
@Effigie It took me a few refreshings but I just waited and sat patiently and there she was!!! 
@effingcards Of course I can 
@effingcards Thank's for your recommendation 
@effolkes Take it easy now girl! 
@effx6921 I got a good one for you  what's your email
hates working on Sundays, but tomorrow is the first, aka deadline. listening to Coldplay 
hatin' on the club by rihanna on repeat  hm..I think this is a song for chris brown. hihi.
Hating is the Sincerest Form of Flattery: http://blogs.myspace.com/thatsthewayirockit2  Have a good night, and as always thanks 4 reading 
Hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! Night all 
Haugesund airport, waiting for the Oslo plane. Ndc09 next 
haul video coming up! 
hauling out the trailer for grad party #1 tonight..everything's movin along so far and dad doing great 
hav a softball game tonight! yay! i went to the bating cages but they werent working so ya now im tweeting!  i mite go on cp now!  bye!!
Have &quot;Hey Jude&quot; stuck in my head. 
Have a blast, mama!!  @SanaArshad
Have a Blessed Sunday Everyone!... 
have a blissfull Sunday everyone 
have a break, have a kit kat  ...&amp; a twix (L)
Have a busy week ahead of me!! So glad by course is all coursework tho!! 
Have a day full of love!!!!!!!!!!!!  â™« http://blip.fm/~7eora
Going to run on the beach 
going to saddle ranch with Ms. Casey  I'm gunna make her ride the bull!!!
Going to Salamah's House.. To bring althbay7 .. Anyone want to kill his dite ,, P.S. Salamah is latifa for burdubai 
going to samed island next week  its summer so why wouldnt i go to the beach right?
going to sam's bonfire tonight! sleeping over, i'll be back later. text 
going to san francisco tomorrow...  for a basketball tournament.
GOING TO SAN JOSE TODAY!!!!! 
going to san jose tomorrow to see one of my old cold stoners before the sharks game. it's gonna be a good day 
going to San Ramon till tomorrow! text me!? 
going to sandhills with my mom  woohoo shopping.
Going to santa cruz for some beach time! Woo hoo 
going to sawtelle!!!!! having a japanese lunch for @girlgamer in my hello kitty tshirt! have u guys been to sawtelle???? xo 
Going to Scandic to have more food  (and learn about leadership of course)
going to Scheveningen tomorrow with BFF  yay!
going to school and starting of with carears but thn got ict with @bbnugent 
going to school for my econ final then I gotta go to the grocery store to get some food.  guitar lesson later tonight! 
Going to school has never been this good 
going to school in  2 hours for review then back here at 2 
Going to school now! ttyl! 
going to school this afternoon, then work, then kristens 
have a FANTASTIC weekend everybody  #fb
Have a feeling Apple servers may crash on the official 3.0 software tomorrow!  #iphone3.0 #apple
Have a flick through my followers a diverse, intelligent, hilarious smelly bunch of scallywags and very worth a #followfriday 
Have a free day, so going to help my mom decorate the garden with flowers and statues lmao. and hopefully get a suntan in the process 
Have a good day everyone.  I'll talk to you after school. (:          -Christie. 
Have a good day, time for the cinema 
have a good night everyone  off to bed for me
have a good night, folks! See you tomorrow 
Have a good week everyone 
Have a good weekend all 
Have a good weekend tweeps. If you're looking for some new music, visit NEW! http://www.iheartmusic.com/new 
Have a good weekend?  Looks to be a great week, weather wise!!  
Have a great Children's day with my great family (even though I'm not a child anymore) ! 
Have a great day all - 
Have a great day all, and enjoy the day whatever you choose to do! 
HAVE A GREAT DAY EVERYONE  (i'm on Countdown Mode for my birthday)
Have a great day everyone. Its another sunny one up north 
Have a great day/night all!  Off to catch some zzz's 
Have a great Friday everyone. 
Have a great holiday weekend everyone 
have a great last day of studying 
Have a great night everyone - off to catch up on DIY network 
Have a great night everyone. H &amp; L  
Have a great rest of the day....there are 45 minutes left in it   Signing out to do some work...sweet dreams tweets ;)
going to school tomorrow cuz my Europe trip got pushed back. At least I get to see @emilialexandra ! 
going to school tomorrow! i can't wait to know my classmates! 
Going to school. Bye!! 
Going to school. What else is new 
Going to school.. At least the sun is out 
going to school... UGGG! but... QUEBEC TOMOROW! 
Going to scour t'internet for campsites near Fowey/St. Austell, any recommendations anyone? Thinking Heligan woods looks like a good bet 
Going to search out areas we would like for our dream home to also home my home based business one day soon. 
Going to Seaworld today!!!! 
GOING TO SEAWORLD!! feel like a klid again!! 
going to see #the hangover  yeeeee
Going to see #Up tonight with Joey 
going to see &quot;Drag Me to Hell&quot; with Sydney later tonight 
Going to see @britneyspears' Circus tonight! I'm so excited! Setting off for London now... 
Going to see @Jonasbrothers  today  x
Going to see @markreadmusic tomorrow  can't wait to finally see him perform his own music live
Going to see @ShoshanaBean for my birthday  Then Tony's party here!!
going to see 17 again with anna and chris 
going to see a man about a #chainsaw. Guess i need now is a leather mask 
going to see a movie!!! 
Going to see Acda &amp; De Munnik this evening! 
going to see alesha dixon tonight 
Going to see Brand New in San Diego now, if we can get tickets during the pre-sale on Tuesday  Best summer concert EVER if it happens.
Going to see Chelsea Art College today.. should be fun and interesting to see 
going to see danceflick with the besssstttt!!!..aida at 8..ps yay for getting into wedding singer wee 
Going to see Dane Cook this weekend.  Su-Excited!!  
Going to see dave chapelle ..he better be good 
Going to see Drag Me To Hell tomorrow 
Going to see Drag Me to Hell tonight. I hope everyones night is going well. 
going to see Drag Me To Hell with Em on saturday! yah! 
going to see high school musical stage show tonight 
Going to see if I can get DD back to sleep now - hope to BB in a bit 
Have a great rest of the morning everyone...and a great night Oz friends. Gotta go play puppy dogs with my baby. *hugs* 
Have a great Sunday!  Time for me to get some beauty rest.
have a happy 21st birthday, @TheDavidBlaise!  &lt;3
Have a listen to our music on Mixposure- a great place to see some fantastic reviews  http://bit.ly/fMus8
Have a lot I need to do today, plus ball game.... I love my Cathryn 
Have a massive headache but the Princess Bride is on! 
have a new fave song: Lady GaGa feat. Akon &amp; Kardinal Offishall - Just Dance   makes me hit the repeat button LOL it's totally awesome! 
Have a new keyboard...no actually just cleaned and disinfected it... previous owner was reall... well no comment needed ;) 
Have a new purse from Aldo 
have a nice day ...  
Have a nice day all! Hope all is well and happy in your worlds! 
Have a nice rainy day 2day 
have a nice saturday night 
Have a nice weekend everybody! &lt;3 iloveit! 
have a niiiiiiiiice day  
Have a NON-MEDIOCRE Friday full of energy....oh, and don't forget to smile. 
Have a photo of my Dad with a massive Frankenstein thing that was parading around Piccadilly Circus yesterday 
Have a pic of Harry Connick, Jr. strategically placed in my office for continuous inspiration and constant swooning  #happyclam 
Going to see jessie 
Going to see Katerina 
Going to see land of the lost and the hangover with Cimara! 
Going to see Little Boots today   
Going to see Mike Epps on Saturday at Carolines 
going to see my bff Emily as she comes in from NY at the airport.  YAY! 
going to see night at the museum 2 today with my brothers  #KevinJonas
going to see night at the museum 2. 
going to see Night at the Museum.. IMAX. yes. I'll give my review later 
going to see no doubt and PARAMORE today!!! 
Going to see Star Trek 
going to see 'state of play' and dine at Niu with the sissies!  xoxo
Going to see that Pixar movie &quot;Up&quot; today. Btw: I found my iPod. 
going to see the besties today.  â™¥
Going to see the dentist today 
Going to see the hangover with my besties 
Going to see the high school bf  letting out the evil side, glad the Rockies got rid of Hurdle!
going to see The Land of the Lost  should be funny.
Going to see The Maccabees perform tonight. Should be sweet 
Going to see the movie Drag Me to Hell again  if you haven't seen it give it a shot. It's funny
Going to see the movie Up with everyone 
going to see the new episode of JONAS! 
Going to see The Saturdays tonight. 
going to see the snake today, maybe if i try, mum will let me bring it home 
Going to see the Soloist tonight...hopefully it is good! camping next weekend! ahhh! first time this year. i can't wait 
Going to see the3 Golden Gate Bridge and the sunset!  
Going to see Up 3D!  Then shopping rest of day away at South Coast Plaza, RKW3 has the boys today....shopping is for me 
going to see UP in 3D chyeaa! hit up the celll 
Going to see UP in 3D later tonight 
going to see UP in 3D tonight!  very excited 
going to see UP soon 
Going to see Up today  &lt;BlackRoseDying~&gt;
Going to see Up today! I'll probably cry my eyes out, seeing as it's a Pixar movie. 
going to see UP w/ my sis 
going to see Up with @neutronzenith. I like not working saturdays 
going to see 'Up' with my hetero life-mate and others. 
Have a quality time with my best today, thanks God.. 
have a safe trip as always  saw a beautiful rainbow this morning !! i wanna dance under the stars above you ;p
Have a tidycity.org activity today.. A clean up 
have a track coming up on sendspace soon - keep watching for the link  xx
Have a very Goodmorning to everyone here in the Philippines! 
have a very nice evening guys, xoxo from Mexico 
Have a wonderful Tuesday 
Have acquired unfortunate tan after spending the day at wildlife reserve. We saw buzzards  And a roe deer too. Life's good - even with tan
have almost completed my 1st sem at uni 
have also mapped out a nice run around southbank &amp; to the storybridge for tomorrow - so I can take todays new running clothes for a run! 
Have also sent a sexy Hoff picture to sixteen random friends 
Have an awesome catch up with @lilyofoz  We're as chatty as each other. Finally found someone that talks as much as me. Woohoo! Teehee
Have an awesome day twitter buddies 
Have any of u seen a FURIOUS Latina??? Trust me, u'll NEVER want 2 hit the wrong buttons!  #HumanRights #Baby #Defender #Fight #Activism
Going to see Up! with my family now  going to jaxx later for the friday night boys cd release party!
Going to see VFC today 
Going to see wicked!  *loathing* haha emily &lt;3
Going to see Willy Wonka The Play 
going to see Wolverine  nighty night tweeps
Going to see Wolverine today. Looking forward to some action 
Going to see Wolverine tonight  Cant wait! Hugh Jackman is too much!
Going to see X-men! wooo then shopping be back later.. txt me if you please 
Going to sell Kettle Corn today.  Have an awesome day! http://makemoneynowontwitter.com/
Going to seussical today  I'm stoked
Going to shade tonight for the D4L conference. There are lots of people here tonight... 
Going to shoot hoops. be back soon. 
Going to shop n save with shaunte. 
going to shop now to get bread.... will tweet soon  J4SONX out 
Going to show &amp; sell property today! I wish the sun would shine through the clouds! Have a relaxing Sunday! 
going to show you my video for brand new song &quot;not watching a movie&quot; soon.. new song im working on tnite does not have title yet.. 
Going To Shower And Then Dress Shopping. - cocoshaynel: awww i love making you feel better  http://tumblr.com/x881yvtnk
going to shower then babysit.  xchange tommrow.
going to silverburn to get &quot;proffessional attire&quot; for GYLC aaaah 2 weeks in washinton dc and NYC 
Going to Skype, I see I still have my old pic there - 3 years old atleast 
Going to sleeeep.  well, wait. Maybe first I'll read my book.. :] yeah. Good idea.
Going to sleep  Finally!
Going to sleep  from my iTouch.
going to sleep  have to get up extra early in the morning. going to play with babies on maternity for clinical tommorrow!!
going to sleep ! i'm very tired . goodnight for all  . kisses
going to sleep . good night Indonesia 
going to sleep after a long day at work 
Going to sleep alone tonight.  My Hubby has overnight CFP 'til 6am, ugh! Anyway, nighty-night! Gym in the a.m.! Determined Momma! 
going to sleep alone, for the last time 
Have arrived at Byron finally 
Have arrived at my dads safe n sound 
have been blogging about babysitting 
Have been cleverly duped by @LucienneDiver into appearing on early morning panel with her. I blame the Long Island iced tea. 
have been given a motto for life, â€˜we came, we saw, we conqueredâ€™ rather fitting i think 
have been nominated for best new irish act award on balconytv.com .. delighted 
Have been on twitter as much as usual lately... I apologize 
Have been out and bought a BBQ for a friend that turns 40. He's having his party tonight... omg headache again... 
Have been readin @stevenbjohnson 's article on Twitter in Time, June 15th, 2009. Absolutely a good &amp; interesting one! Buy a copy! 
Have been sitting at the pool since 1pm. OMG: feels so nice! 
Have been up for two hours now and am completely boreddd, 
have been walking round brighton in the sun  i genuinely don't think anyone in brighton works, everyone's flopping around all chilled out.
have been watching Terminator with Alisha (@alishajamal) all day. finishing up movie 3 now!  will watch all again with Angie later.
Have booked my training session with Hardcore Holly and VPW, the day after i see a VPW show inc. a steel cage match, cant get any better 
Have come inside for a bit now &amp; gonna get some food. Sunny days are love 
Have conquered the Mirage move  Haaa man so fun
Have decided to create a blog! 
have finally cracked this graphic design thing...fantastic 
Have finally seen the MW2 stuff. My heart is in my mouth. Soap is gonna be an awesome captain. 
Have free tics to Bruno tomorrow yay 
have fun being home alone  go eat somethign ! id give u food but unfortuinately thats not possible here ahah ^cut me off xoxo
Have fun everyone at Pinkpop! Rock Dutchies! 
Have fun in Toronto Sam. 
Have fun tonight   Wishin' I were there!!
Have got nothing to say as of now...just a random twit 
Have gotta try it out flaxseeds in cookies 
Have had a great night with the girls!!!!  Happy mother's day 
have had a satsuma, banana and a handful of cherries for brunch! I'm being so good! 
have had a very nice first day at capgemini summer of code 
Have had a very productive night at home! I've gotten some much done around here.  It's amazing what I can do when lil' man cooperates! 
Have I completed Persona before @RocGaude again? Why yes, I think I have! 
Have I ever mentioned how much I love kiwi strawberry snapple? No? Well I fucking love that stuff! 
Have I mentioned how ill I feel? I am being remarkably low key about it 
Have I mentioned in the last 5 mins how much FIOS rocks? uploaded 13-4.5Mb images in &lt;1 min 
Have I told my followers that I love you today? 
Have i tweeted enough today!? Probs not. Linds got me real drunk, work is gonna be rough!! 
Have just been shopping with my BFFs. It was very fun. 
Have just been voting for the european elections. What a loooong list! But I was able to find the right place for my cross quiet fast. 
Have just been watching CSI with my dear loving parents  and now I'm kind of bored as always XD
have just fixed the car 
Have just got twitter  Add us x
have just had a lovely meal with Arthur F. Sake mmmmm delicious 
Going to sleep drunk on tequila 
going to sleep early tonight.  can't freaking wait for JUNE 16TH!
going to sleep early, if you call this early 
Going to sleep finally hung up the phone with kris &lt;3 he's so adorableeee he makes me smile so much 
going to sleep goodnight everyone 
Going to sleep happy...really happy....I'm such a lucky girl...its hard to teach a &quot;monkey&quot; new tricks, but I'm learning...bare w me  xxxx
Going to sleep here in a minute, Good Night everyone!! 
going to sleep hoping tomorrow will be fulfilled with greatness 
Going to sleep in 2 minutes, 00:49 in the morning, good night twitterville 
going to sleep it is 11:36 pm bye-bye 
Going to sleep just to rise in 4 hours and drive 4 more home. Just another days work. 
Going to sleep now  goodnight people &lt;3
Going to sleep now  Then gona wake up at 7 to play ball.... -__- lmao FML!
going to sleep now twits! goodnites! 
going to sleep now! Goodnight twitter! 
going to sleep now, and if you're reading this, i love you 
Going to sleep now, dreaming of my baby 
Going to sleep now, good night all.. though I may linger on my iPod for a while 
going to sleep now.  im tired. night!
Going to sleep now. Can't wait til Friday. I am happy. 
going to sleep pretty early.  good night, guys. &lt;3
Going to sleep REALLY this time. Love you all Twitterville!! 
going to sleep soon for my physics exam at 8am. i had so much fun tonight with my friends 
going to sleep soon, the international mgmt of 30H!disco worked very hard tonight. we are now a legit band. jebby would be proud. 
going to sleep with a big smile on my face tonight 
going to sleep with a sticker on my head that mum gave me..we'll see if it stays on when I wake up 
Going to sleep! Had a long and fun day! I laughed so much that my stomach still hurts 
going to sleep! possibly going to Ikea w/ Neil on Wed. to find dishes &amp; other cool stuff. life is grrreat 
Going to sleep! Tonight was fun! Have a good night everone! 
going to sleep! twitter has been on drugs today. Nighty night! 
going to sleep!. thanks to @xp3ctr0  and @mgdanni for making me fell better 
going to sleep!....Follow me baby 
Going to sleep. Going to @nwryan house tomorrow. Earrrrly in the morning 
Going to sleep. goodnight beautiful people  Going to bed with a big smile on my face. yaaaaaaay *squints*
Going to sleep. History is last period &amp; I have music tomorrow so I could study all day  But it would be amazing if she was absent...
going to sleep. leave me things to reply to when i get up? 
Going to sleep. Listening to most of my favorite songs. Soothing  night world.
going to sleep. night  [listening to explosive-bond]
Going to sleep. Night followers 
Going to sleep. SO tired, and I have a busy week ahead of me, and now with no holiday for me to take a rest. Hope I have sweet dreams. 
Going to sleep. Still cant get twitter on my phone. ill try again tomorrow. Goodnight 
Going to sleep. Tomorrow = 
Going to sleep. Until tomorrow! 
going to sleep.. things to do tomorrow  Night!
Going to sleep... forever  &amp; excited about it!
Going to sleep...in MY OWN BED!!! Yes!!! 
going to sleepies  xo .. tomorrow is gonna be a loooong day!! &lt;3
Going to Smash studio tonight for a panel discussion- I love when people wanna hear my frucking opinion 
going to soccerr game. hope we win 
Going to some water show with the Tidwell's in Spokane. 
Going to spend a nice day out and about with my boys .... 
Going to spend some time in the Sun  xxx
GOING TO SPEND THE DAY WITH MY BABY! 
going to spend time with my love, @SethsMaisy . We will be back soon. 
going to splash lagoon until monday night with jim!  so excited!
Going to SPRING AWAKENING TOMORROW with @Alexandra789  Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay 
going to spring street with viva 
Going to SRU on sunday  cant wait to see the PENS play at home!!!
Going to St. Claire gig with Moni and Liam tomorrow 
Going to start getting ready for bed. Goodnight, twitter universe 
Going to start studying literature. Wish me luck 
Going to status! Hopefully get to see some phi lambs there 
Going to Steph's welcome back and Mike's graudation  LeeAnne's coming today!
Going to stop in the OG tomorrow, kinda excited 
Going To Stop Tweeting For A While So I Can Watch 90210 &amp; MTVMA  Woop.
Going to Studio for a quick photoshoot with @deejayspider @followdarylo ...so excited 
Going to study some final cut tomorrow!! Really need to update my skills 
Going to summerjam 
going to Summit church with Laura!  
going to surf at rockaway beach 
going to surprise-renovate my friends appartment while he's in NY on vacation. It's gonna be a blast 
Going to sushi 
Going to switch to this twitter account since it doesn't have my old stuff and is unlocked 
going to take a bath 
going to take a drawing 'semester test'. then going to the poooool w/ brok? 
going to take a friend of mine then we're headed to our tai chi chuan form contest 
Going to take a nap then wake up and pack some more. Night everyone 
Going to take a shower 
going to take a shower and then I buy a birthday present for cathy! 
Going to take a shower! Be back in a few!! 
going to take a showerrr. life is goooddd 
going to take her bath, and study for test 2 , MIS 
going to take her monkeys to the zoo.  
going to take my bike for a ride 
going to take my last final @8am... wish me luck .. 
Going to take my passport picture 
going to take my sociology exam   and back to bed
Going to take pictures all weekend.  Smile!  
Going to tan. 
Going to target to get the JB cd 
Going to target with my brother we both look like shit 
Going to Target. 
Going to Tchy's for a fun photo shoot 
going to tekniska museet now  piratebay server is there!!!111oneeleven
Going to tent theatre with mira! Just finished the first day of soar and made my practice schedule! 
Have just ordered tickets to the Swedish Festival METALTOWN! 
have just spent four and a half hours windsurfing on a day like today - am luckiest man alive 
Have just taken pain-reliever tablet and applied Voltaren emulgel on my neck.. 
Have killed my feet whilst shopping and Urbising and Fonting with @OhDearMoshe, but had an excellent day and managed not to burn 
have listened to a lecture on President Obama and which kind of president he will be according to the previous presidents  Interesting !
have lots to do but all I want to do is lay in bed and read a book..half an hour? 
Have lotsa enameling to do, to restock galleries...and 2 shows coming up this weekend! First Saturdays OS and Design Hive in Cambridge 
have loved seeing so much talk about SCBWI LA on her Tweet Deck today. I cannot WAIT for August!  It's going to be so much fun!
Have made good progress today on my new blog 
Have missed Steve so much! I was so happy to talk to him again today 
Have my man card back 
Have my physical tomorrow ... UGH!  It is downhill from the weighin on.  I am going to see Land of the Lost tomorrow ... for laughs 
HAVE NO FEAR OF PERFECTION , YOU'LL NEVER REACH IT MY FRIEND! 
Have no idea where I was but didn't feel a thing! Tasha came to stand by me and I just thought she needed a walkie 
Going to test my friends new boat.. Let's see if 110km/h is fast on the water 
going to Texas after 10 days 
going to Thailand in July! 
going to the &quot;Girl's Breakfast&quot; 
Going to the Active store 
going to the additional english, one of the last lessons this year, yayyy! 
going to the airport with a very special girl 
going to the airport... 
going to the atlantic for Barry's benefit! 
going to the bank and starbucks for Heidi. I don't mind too much, shels buying mine too.  free coffeez!
Going to the batting cages with a &quot;good friend,&quot; wish me luck! Katie 
Going to the beach 
going to the beach  maybe we'll see grunions.
GOING TO THE BEACH AND SOPHIE'S FRENCH PLAITING MY HAIR.. Summer 
Going to the beach for the day tomorrow!   
going to the beach later with @tinamullins @cecelia0204 and whoever else wants to join! 
Going to the beach this weekend Hampton Roads? Take me with you for your weather 
going to the beach today; together with Mikkel, Simon and Christina 
Going to the beach tomorrow YAY 
going to the beach with erika and gina 
Going to the beach with my boys!! 
Going to the beach with Whitney and Arielle. =] then worth ave for some designer shopping ! 
going to the beach!!tralala 
Going to the beach. I want a henna 
Going to the bmw museum today! Excitez 
Going to the bookstore - just because I can 
going to the bookstore to pick up some books and readdd! 
going to the Brewers Gameee 
going to The Brewery Company tonight with my friends 
going to the Brookhaven fair. wooohooo 
Going to the cabin in the mountains for long weekend, no internet just bears, coyotes and big squirrels 
going to the cages 
Going to the Capital FM summerball tomorrow 
Going to the car show today cant wait 
Going to the casino 
going to the center!! 
Going to the championship game tomorrw! So proud of my team 
Going to the China Rose in Bawtry for a friend's birthday 
Going to the chirpractor 
Going to the cinema with Karlijn &amp; Stephanie; 17 again 
Going to the cinema with my friend  it seems to be a nice day
going to the cinemas to see &quot;angels and demons&quot; today  Can't wait! Xx
going to the cinma in 10 minutes to go see hannah montana movie 
Going to the city tommorow 
going to the city tomorrow! Hills-a-thon with @Heidii_Lynn 
going to the city tonight  !!! i really want to seee the hangovvver!!
going to the city. buying some stuff for suse's birthday present. Its absolutly crazy 
going to the clothes show live today 
Going To The Clue Mystery Party Resteraunt Thing In Beverly Hills Tomorrow! 
Going to the coast with my other best friend and cowboy  ha ha that's funny..
Going to the concert!!!  later tweeps!
going to the Crosleys to babysit &lt;33 
Going to the culinary institute in napa! Wooooo wine class! And just in case I don't come back, don't bother coming to look for me 
Going to the dentist soon, gotta get ready now. Byee 
going to the district baseball game with some buddies 
Going to the Dodgers game tomorrow!!! Sooooooooo excited 
going to the Dodgers game tomorrow, sitting right behind home plate. watch for my mug on TV 
Going to the Drama Banquet tonight: wannabe GHS red carpet awards night  Should I iron or curl my hair??
going to the drive in movies! 
Going to the faculty to do some work... 
going to the fair of the valley today 
going to the first Primark Store Opening in Germany 
Going to the fucken casino 
Going to the Gabbatoir to watch the Brisbane Lions maul the hell out of Essendon Bombers 
Going To The Game Today  What A Day I Finally Get To Spend Some Time In The Sun x
Going to The Getty with Josh. 
Going to the green room to chill with fob  with @justbeinkelly
Going to the grocery store, after I fix my iPodino.  Listen to Kenny Chesney - Out Last Night. Great song... 
Going to the Grove.. movies with Holly 
going to the gun range 
Going to the gun range with my wife for the first time  I'm hype
Going to the Gym  then partaying!!
going to the gym  Z'YAH!
Going to the gym &amp; then laying out by the pool! 
going to the gym soon and out later with tara 
Going to the gym then off to go pick my new passport 
Going to the Gym to exercise this body! It needs it!  badly!  Hope you all have a great afternoon! Catch You Later! God Bless You Much!
Going to the gym to work my ass off after what i ate last night. Be back later 
Going to the gym today. Not looking forward to it. But hey, bright side: I'm spending time with the BFF tomorrow. Should be amazing. 
going to the gym. then I get my horse today. 
going to the gymmy babies 
Going to the high school grad. 
going to the high school to see Ben's graduation 
Going to the hospital to tour the maternity ward today.  gonna see some babies today.
Going to the JellyStone Skatepark today! 
going to the kids' football game this morning 
Going to the lacrosse game with nikki traci and xixi  go dutch!
Going to the lake today...  fun times!
Going to the lake tomorrow 
Going to the lake with Corey today. Sunscreen is a must. 
Going to the lake with Tara tomorrow 
Going to the lake! 
Going to the lake! Bye! 
Going to the land of adventure with my bitches!!! good luck whit baby with the rest.  [[BoSs LaDy]]
going to the legacy performance, to watch Kathryn, Taylor, and Katie. 
going to the local junior footy just across the road 
Going to the mall  -Brittany
Going to the mall + movie with good friends. 
Going to the mall again with Cherie 
going to the mall later.. getting ready and picking up ppl.. then sweet 16 
going to the mall now, sweet 
going to the mall tomorrow 
going to the mall w my family and boyf.. shop shop shop yaaaaiiii 
going to the mall with cody today. 
going to the mall with colie 
going to the mall with emily laterr!! its gonna be funn.. 
going to the mets game  it's gonna be a good day.
going to the Mind Body and Psychic fair today with my mum, sisters and niece 
Going to the mother with a bunch of fifth graders 
Going to the movies in a few. Angels and Demons, here I come. 
Going to the movies with hannah, jordan and victoria 
Going to the movies with Harrison today, it's fucking COLD &gt;.&lt; had a really nice day with him yesterday, we made eclairs 
going to the movies with heather soon 
going to the movies with my best friends soooo excited 
Have no worries. The Penguins are about to have a third period like no other. 
Have not heard from #squarespace yet  
Have not tweeted in weeks. I know everyone has greatly missed me. 
have nothing to do..but i don't want to CHAT..  
Have now interrogated Twitter ReTweets into the blog. Feel free to send on our renovation blog postings &amp; articles   www.Montpillard.com
have now set up thwirl for @maduck &amp; given her some more twitter tips. 
Have played by Howard Elliot thingy album today.  I really like it.  Well done me 
Have read The Observer's Sport section cover to cover today. 
Have red UT sand in my lash extensions! 
have removed all phots of ex girlfriend from room  happy times
Have sneaked onto computer! Cousin is in bed, sick. 
Have started using youtube &amp; vimeo more, need friends/subscribers! www.youtube.com/user/zinziii &amp; http://vimeo.com/zinziii  #fb
Have stocked up on dvd's popcorn and malteasers, quite night in spending ï¿½15 on movies and sweets instead of taxi's and alcohol 
Going to the ocean to see the dolphins, 
going to the orange &amp; blue game 
going to the park &amp; chippy tomorrow with midge 
Going to the park someday today for this http://www.marionartsfestival.com/ should be fun if anyone is in the area 
going to the pet shelter with Tori on lunch. 
Going to the Pink concert in july...hope she rapes me in the crowd..would be nice i think 
going to the pool soon...jetting out early 
Going to the pool store, then the Nike outlet with the McNultys 
Going to the pool y'all... call me if ya wanna join me and my mine... hahahaha  Ahhhh... Sunday afternoons are great 
Going to the Radical Grocery store. Wewt for faux parmesan + new sneakers! Yeah, my Sunday is action packed. My sister is 15 today 
Going to the roxy in hollywood tonight! Come join me 
going to the school 
Going to the shop, need sugar and a mop!!  lol 
Going to the stEEEElers game . 
Going to the stefans for a fiesta 
going to the store be back soon 
Going to the store to get something to drink and a waffle maker! 
going to the store with my mom! 
going to the storee in pajamas withh bridget 
Going to the swap meet 
going to the swapmeet for some delicious mexican style corn.. yum! 
Going to the tennis banquet 
Going to the the movies with tasha to see terminator, bahaha 
going to the tigers game today with @cometrico 
Going to the Tribe game today 
going to the turtle back zoo with michelle in the AM!! 
going to the U of I today  IF my parents will ever leave. first they say leaving at 11, then 12... well now it's 12, and we're still here!
Going to the USS intreped  just saw ground zero :..(
Going to the Virgin Islands then moving to Charelston!!! Yay!! 
Have the audacity to smile this morning  ... It's contagious
have the entire day off!!! Finally! 
have the kids this weekend. it's ok to act like I'm 10.  
have THE most important meeting today... feeling all hyper! 
Have to admit- youï¿½re right about the imposter, not PR, too unsophisticated. 
have to clean my room later... mum and dad come home tomorrow   won netball this morning 8-22 
Have to do some running around today but Gonna try my best for tix from @davenavarro6767  Dying to go! Cross ur fingers? 
Have to do the ironing, but I'm not in the mood to do so right now!! I would rather lie on the sofa listening to Bryan Adams! 
Have to do the washing up :|:| mum gets home from melbourne tonight 
have to entertain my sister now ... we're watching piggley wink  don't know if that's how u spell it but hey, it's good xD
Going to the Washington Zoo for mothers day. TEXT ME! 
Going to the Whole Foods West Hartford farmer's market opening day with my mum VERY SOON   http://bit.ly/8ipTB
Going to the winnipeg airport, food with the boys/girls 
Going to the zoo today with a bunch of people and a baby who is too young to really care 
going to the zoo today. Yay! 
Going to the zoo with my cousin Robert..... Have a wonderful day 
going to thee cousin's house today! 
going to ther races all day! leaving ahah 
Going to tidy my room!! 
Going to tim hortons ,,what a weather 
going to to buy snow boots and red hair dye... what an exciting afternoon 
Going to Toritama, jeans land  fun sat 4everyone o/ wow, i didnt know my cell could enter here 
going to toronto today 
going to town on the Wii fit... who knew losing weight could be so fun?? 
Going to town sq to wacth 3D UP with my boos 
going to town to buy dresses!!!! 
Going to track practice soon ... LOL i need 7 more practices in to go to Carlton for track!! i can do this 
Going to train and than weekend 
going to training in a few minutes 
Going to Tramici with her amazing boyfriend! I love you Ford! 
going to trinoma later.. 
Going to try and get some sleep  Good night
going to try and record my gigs for you youtubers out there. 
Going to try and revise agin until 9, then the apprentice and BB with dinner 
Going to try my hand at chicken korma tonight.  Wish me luck!  
Going to try to go to bed, but I can't stop smiling 
Going to Turkey in July  x can't wait  xxxx
Going to twitter in english, for my foreign followers 
going to type 100 facts and section on scott 
Going to use the Dwight (the Office US) method of looking busy, typing his name over and over and over again 
Going to Vegas? Maybe... just maybe I'll be there in under two months 
going to Venice &amp; West Hollywood today for my roomie's bday &lt;3 i'll wave if i see you 
going to verizon then to get my hair cut...exciting life times 
Going to visit @alexmichaelmora at work... then Sunday dinner 
going to visit madi at work, getting a chai tea.. yummyyy/// does any one want to see me today ? im freeeee 
going to volunteer at the thrift store with my mom tomorrow should be a good saturday 
Going to Wagamama's with @squigaletta for lunch.  We've both got one exam to go!
Going to Wagamamas with Chris now! YAY!  &lt;3's
going to wal martt  peaceee.
Going to Walgreens. Gonna Buy Some Candy &amp; Maybe a Magazine  POSTERS POSTERS POSTERS!! Haha. &lt;3
going to walk maximum  be back soon
Going to walk my dog  unfortunately, his name is not Raja... It's Ambrotious. Still pretty rad though.
going to walk. I like treadmills. 
Going to Walmart tomorrow for LV+TT!  Hopefully nephews will be at the pool again so that I don't have to drag them along. In&amp;out, done!
Going to walmart with carissa!!! 
going to wash my ass now 
going to Washington D.C. all day!! 
Going to watch &quot;Fight Club&quot;  @KimLegge house. 
Going to watch &quot;Little Children&quot; - haven't seen that movie in ages, and I *heart* Kate Winslet 
going to watch 17 again and then go bowling with my sisters 
going to watch 17 again this afternoon 
Going to watch a 2 month old for a few hours!  So excited!!
going to watch a chick flick with my bride, &quot;BRIDE WARS&quot; , so exciting 
Going to watch a movie with my mom 
Going to watch a movie. Byee for now 
Going to watch a movie.. I'll be on later.    xo
going to watch Angels &amp; Demons later 
going to watch Angels and Demons - review later 
going to watch bolt with daddy soon 
Going to watch Bolt with the family!  Heard it's really good 
Going to watch Bride Wars and Another movie too  Gots ta love the Red Box   [ I Love Her ]
going to watch depotivo de la coruï¿½a's match!! 
Going to watch Dragonball Evolution 
Going to watch foxtel    #andyclemmensen  
Going to watch Gone With The Wind 
Going to watch Gossip Girl !! 
Going to watch 'Hannah Montana The Movie', today, can't wait, it should be good  !!
going to watch Heroes the complete fugitivies volume!!  loveeee  Milo he is so damn sexy!!.. 
Going to watch Horton Hears A Who? Ohh ya.... 
Going to watch INVADER ZIM with @ZombieHayley soon, I love that show 
going to watch marie antoniette on tv now  see u all later or tomorrow
Going to watch Night at the Museum 2 in a bit 
going to watch practical magic again 
Going to watch season finale of Lie to me 
going to watch season1 of underbelly 
Going to watch SHARPE have a bath then dry my hair in the sun, lovely day 
going to watch soccer in santa clara with emilyyyyy 
going to watch some tv and call it a night, Later twitts 
going to watch T4 with great friends, put high expectation on it.. 
going to watch the hannah montana movie soon since i got it on bootleg 
going to watch the lakers game at espn zone tomorrow 
going to watch The O.C. yaaay!!! its time for seth and summer to get back together  lt;3
going to watch the season finale of the HILLS 
going to watch tv  
Going to watch tv  back in a bit. xxxxxxxx
Going to watch TV now. Update later. 
Going To Watch TV! 
going to watch TV! and eat skittles! YUM  LOL
Going to watch twilight again , haha .After that, I'm going to study geography 
Going to watch Twilight for like the first time ever despise how long it's been out and how crazy people have been for it. Hope Its good 
Going to watch 'Up' in 3D. I seriously love this film 
Going to watch UP tonight 
going to watch UP w/lexany &amp; my mama 
Going to watch UP with my boys 
Going to watch Up with my cousins 
Going to watch UP with the mafia later 
going to water ways 
Going to west virgina to visit family 
Going to WildWood, NJ today! 
going to Wisconsin Dells today!! 
Going to woodfield mall with my baby..gonna do me some early bday shopping yay 
Going to work 3:30-11:30 and is excited about going to see my Mom and Grandparents at the lake soon 
going to work everyday would be a lot easier if some people would grow up 
Going to work happy. I talked everything out with Sam. I hope things change for the better. 
Going to work hungover is awesome! Lol good thing there coffee and swiss rolls 
Going to work late tmrw. So staying up tonighttttt! 
going to work now, look at my stuff to do with new york later 
Going to work now. Getting a 5-hour though first  even though i have a ton of energy already.
Going to work on #tk with #python tonight... 
going to work out 
going to work out! joy... 
going to work till 3...then maybe ride the horses and take my sister to softball pratice 
Going to work until close wish me luck I stay awake that long 
Going to work with my dad  good morning..   oh and wtf! im suppose to pay $70 for my cell a month and now i owe $122! fuckn ridicoulus!!
Going to work! Stop by the subway and visit me!! . Its the subway by meijer on 59.  dont buy anything tho. Just come stick around!!
going to work.  The countdown begins.  
going to work. back at 9. expect lots of absurd tweets throughout the day! 
going to work. good thing the downtime starts after i'm off 
Going to work. Have a great day. 
Going to work. Hope its not to busy 
going to work... still trying to figure out what the hell i want to do with my life 
Going to work.... in my new car 
Going to work..stop by and say hi 
Going to workout + swin... fun 
going to yogurtland with the boy &amp; fluffyy 
going too Fontana (: yay 
going tubing today 
going up in a 'copter around Uptown Charlotte...my job rocks sometimes! 
going up to north jersey to visit my bestfriendsss  first two episodes of jonas were awesome..
Going watch tv 
going wherever the wind takes me 
Going with Chantal to her aunt. 
going with gabby to get her tattoo!! i might get one too  its very likely!
Going with miss rebecca to Target and get stuff for THE ICY YOUTH set. Hitting up malachi's for practice. busy busy day 
going with my friend to see seventeen again tonite 
Going with my grandma to see the Hannah Montana movie. She's been itching to see it, and I'm the only one that'll go with her! 
Have to fill in the form to finally get a passport 
Have to find a new source for my summer mini skirts!, last batch all look the same, new summer, new style I say 
Have to Force my eyes to stay open, so I'm going to bed. Will write &amp; Tweet later. Love to all! 
Have to get a shower do hair then sit in the sun for the rest of the day don't ya just love summer 
have to get off twitter so i can finish my isu, help in the kitchen and then go watch the hills finale and the movie awards  goodluck pplz
have to get ready for work now....y'all have a good day!!! 
have to get this assignment done...but first i have to start it  
have to go grocery shopping. don't want to leave my bed. it's sooo cosy! 
Have to go now. I'll be back! I'll just take a nap! 
have to have a shower i stink lol 
have to hear this before I go to bed, one of the best scorpions tracks  â™« http://blip.fm/~8b59w
Going with the flow...thanks to Munera for reminding me that  It was a great chat we had yesterday.
goingg to beverlyy!! keep u guyss updated!! 
goingg to blockbusterr w. tiffabellee * and hanging all dayys longggg  ahahhaha
goingg to graduation 
goingg to the waffle housee for waffles duh 
Goingg too sleeep  See ya tomorrow guys  &lt;3
Goingg tot he beach todayy 
Goinggg to pick up my brother!! 
Goinggg to readdd eclipse and then going to bedd!!! Good night everyone 
goinna go outside, tweet ya later 
goinv to Universal with @babysarahk and @inzulee! 
GoJo - you know, the stuff mechanics use - gets paint off hands (and faces, arms, legs). So, for the artists + painters, get some GoJo    
goku is so cute! i don't know his real name though.darn!haha 
Gokusen3 Special (thumbs up!) Hope there's Gokusen4~!!! 
Gold angel wing earrings back in stock!  http://poprl.com/0Cxz only ï¿½4.80 when you use the discount code TWEET at the checkout  Bargain!
gold class with @justinghattas 
Goldmunzen  were here in webjet lang. right across shopwise. ooh, i just remembered, magkapitbahay nga lang pala tayo!
golf at 7.30 am tomorrow... voluntary 
Golf lessons with FRANK 
golf scramble with the girls 
Golf tourney today in baker. Wish me luck. 
Golfing, then waiting for the homecoming. 
Gollygeewillikers! If I don't get some sleep soon I'm gonna be one CRANKY momma tomorrow (today?)  
Gona be spending my whole day playing drums! 9-1pm, 3-5.30pm, 7.30-10pm. Stil havin a long day to go. Hope I don't brake my hands 
Gone campin and canoeing.. be home on Monday.. 
Have to let the dogs out first 
have to make lotties birthday card, and beckys. and katies! ima do them all today  i do like to get creative waheyy.
Have to off of cafeine for the next months :S So no more red bull for me 
Have to say BBC covarge is better of the #F1 got it on the telly and have onborad camara on my comp!!! 
have to say goodbye to my e3c earphones,been 4 years but the cable got a bit mangled, bought another pair to replace it though 
gone home, open again tomorrow at 9am 
Gone house huntin'! Be back later, maybe with some good news! 
Gone in 60 is such a great movie. TBS rocks 
gone lunch hunting - got to have something to go with the chutney 
gone out! this will be an amazing weekend!  &lt;33
gone shopping with mummy n daddy. 
gone shopping! illness isn't it?  great finds by the way. 
Gone Thursday, Friday and Saturday... Probably wasted... 
gone to bed...real work tomo...clients etc...ah the life of a personal trainer  xo
Gone to Carowinds  A Day of fun and rollercoasters!
Gone to Dufferin Mall to buy a new camera. Later on (maybe) i'll go see Danny. &amp; OMG i want subway! Lol 
gone to eat lunch,be back later,,let the biding wars begin  bitch ill cut you
gone to get my prom dress with kayley  text the cell home later &lt;3.
Gone to get ready 
gone to my last day as a high school junior! 
gone to see a movie 
gone to swim for a few.. ahh therapy 
gone to take some grad pictures in the public gardens with a couple of lovely ladies 
Gone to the drive inn to watch a dirty movie! Happy monday to everyone! Haha   
Gone to the shop to get some doritoes cos James had some and i got all .... jealous 
Gone to wash my buns , see you in about 25 min 
gone to watch one tree hill while soaking in an avocado bath  12 hr work day 2morrow. gotta prepare.
GONE WILD II is now released - am chuffed with how its turned out 
gong to go pick up the boys at my moms 
gong to the Antwerp Zoo 2day, and later on to the Sinksefoor 
Gonna attend mass. @sweetsheilx, just email it or sendspace. The ym sending failed. Thanks 
Have to take a shower and then I'm going to the mall. 
have to tell everyone  - my daughter got the job - she is SO excited lol BUBBLY for everyone lol 
have to wake up early for baseball.  
have u  ever heard about &quot;CINEMA BIZARRE&quot;?? this group has good songs... for example &quot;lovesongs( they kill me)&quot; 
Gonna b early today  leaviin dah house now c yah lata twitterheads lml
gonna be @ school instead. Oh wells. we're both makin a fansite.  We love @mileycyrus, @ddlovato,@emilyosmet,@selenagomez and all,but we
Gonna be a big week this week! Why you ask? I have absolutely no idea, but something tells me it will. And I got a haircut for it. 
gonna be a busy day! housework, then real work  listening to r. pattinson throughout.
Gonna be a good night, Lebanon's Cafe and then UP in 3-D at the Prytania. 
gonna be another goodnight sleep  2AM instead of 10AM
Gonna be another long night... gotta design the Birthday invites for my 25th!!  
gonna be eating really good food soon lol!! field day 2morrow 
Gonna be in some girl's wedding tomorrow...hope I don't fall! 
Gonna be in the VPS webhosting services thingy. Invested $150/month for server along with 2 other friends 
gonna be out in the sun today and bbq some hot dawgs  can't wait!
Gonna Bring A REeally Old Broken Phone To School , And Say Its Mine 
gonna catch some Zzzz's after this episode...school tomorrow :l BUT yay tomorrow is Friday 
Gonna catch sum rays on this glorious day!!! 
Gonna catch the end of Nationwide race, GOOO BRAD! 
Gonna celebrate the anniversary John &amp; Yoko's recording of &quot;Give Peace A Chance&quot; today - all day - and for the rest of my life. 
Gonna chill wit the family prolly play some cards.  Enjoying bein home but miss the college life 
Gonna clean my room, and pimp it up!!! New shelf!!  
gonna clean the house and cook a nice dinner for my fabulous mother  happy mother's day 
Gonna die more of my hair brown today  definitely NOT gonna go all brown. I &lt;3 my blonde
have u heard of Megan &amp; Liz on Youtube they are amazing 
have u tried Nathaniel's bucopandan along Panay ave.? it's yummy  though I find it quite $$. Hehehe
Have worked out &amp; taken my vitamins 3 days in a row now. Feelin great! 
Have you been playing Sims 3?  If so, message us at  http://ow.ly/cDZL and tell us your thoughts!  We'll collect them into an article. 
Have you ever been running and accidentally ran into a parked car and fell down and said, &quot;I like cheesecake&quot;? 
Have you ever been so exhausted your entire body aches? I'm there! Lights out - Goodnight little tweets...sleep tight 
Have you ever been, like, ooberly tired and weren't able to fall asleep? It sucks. Majorly. So, since im wide awake, talk to me tweeps! 
have you ever seen two people that are so perfect together , but you want one of them? what are you supposed to do? i'll leave em alone 
have you ever, ever felt like this, when strange things happen, are you going round the twist.. that was a strange but pleasant flashback 
Have you guys heard Permanent by David Cook? LISTEN TO ITTTT!!! 
Have you guys seen this week's @BlogHer Backtalk?  http://bit.ly/4eJegD It's about parenting special needs children. I may have a cameo. 
Have you listened It's Alright, It's Ok by Ashley Tisdale? If no, listen..you'll love! And the music video is awesome. She look gorgeous 
Have you McValue Lunch-ed this week?  12-3pm DAILY at RM5.95! That's how much in Aussie dollars? AUD2.20??  http://u.nu/8ej9 #fb
Have you McValue Lunch-ed this week?  Open wiiiide! http://u.nu/68u9 #fb
have you met @jbwhaley, leader of the #frumpyman autuer movement? he's curmudgeonly (but in a good way!!)    
have you met George? what about ME?  check me out at youtube.com/joan3103
Have you mooed today? 
Have you read my mind @ZionShore ?? I &lt;3 gemstones in a MAJOR way. I'm pretty sure one of my first words was &quot;sparkly&quot; - thanks Mom 
Have you read the new blog at http://heartdrops.org ? 
have you seen the physics guy rap? AH! tooo hilarrious. youtube it 
Have you seen the pictures of Sacha Baron Cohen bottom in Eminem's face?  LOL
have you used Miro? OMFG you should!!! http://www.getmiro.com/ the best internet TV software EVER. i hope i sound like ateenage fanboy 
have yu ever just sat n yur car before getting out &amp; see thee craziest things happen? it happens to me everyday. 
Haveing fun on my own forum http://www.kozul.comuv.com/forum/ 
Haveing the warmth of a woman is what makes a man show his true emotions to her. She makes you feel weak and strong at the same time. 
haven a lazy day today on this  so please follow me 
Haven't a clue about this twitter! 
Haven't been on for a while. Overcast day. Hope everyone's enjoying it any way! 
haven't been on for days...that was hard :/ but i'm back! YAY 
haven't been on in ages! 6 days until menorca 
havent been on in awhile.  no point anyways 
Haven't been on in foreverr!  Almost happy mother's dayy. Yay. :]
Haven't been on twitter all day. Been so busy. So tired. Going to bedddd! 
havent been on twitter all day...and jus checkin in to say goodnight  haha
gonna die my hair in between the end of sveta's match and before Dina's..that should give me ages 
gonna do course work and then chill out in the sun. 2 the the real cpody rhpdes from wwe  add plz follow me on her 
Gonna do science homework while watching TV multi tasking, its what i do best 
Gonna do some family tree stuff now. PS: Pete, stop talking about yourself like you're not there 
Gonna do some ironing while watching Private Practice  BBL
Gonna do some reading then going to be bed exciting day tomorrow 
gonna do the English now and well for ICT there's not much you can do really 
gonna download all those all time low songs i didnt know 
gonna draw a bit then probley gonna play some Xbox360 
Gonna eat and prolly pass out 
gonna eat my dinner now. bye! 
gonna eat my lunch now, ttyl tweets! 
gonna eat pizza. what are you doing?? 
Gonna eat. Again. 
gonna enjoy a little bit of sunshine 
Gonna exercise  Go South Beach YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!
Gonna finish off watching,iamsam  seriously i think its such a good movie,it made me cry when i promised myself i wouldnt, :l jpoihdf
gonna fix my nail polish. the auditorium isnt the best place to paint nails. then riding to don and berts with brei  
gonna get 10 more mins of work done b4 i head off. drive safe on the way home every1 
gonna get a tan. i am so white 
gonna get in bath, wash and style hair, go and meet pennie, off to tescos and then sleeping in sarah's garden  xx
gonna get me some cake or something nooow. 
Gonna get on my Wii to play some Zelda:Twilight Princess. I need more Wii games 
gonna get out in the sunshine 
Gonna get ready and go for a walk in the sunshine 
Gonna get ready and then go help my mom with some things.    Trying to forget about that awful nightmare and focus on the day ahead!
gonna get some breakfast now! Have a wonderful day out there!  cya later
Gonna get some lessons up this week guys 
Gonna get some sleep with my girl 
Gonna get something to eat then long on RoM 
haven't been sleeping for 24 hours :/ but it was worth it somehow  ;P
Havent been to sleep yet . . . Bout to get an oil change. First in line  yessssssssss
Haven't been tweeting in ages, a combo of hols &amp; tech probs. Hope ya'll well 
havent been using '' for a Looooong time until today 
Haven't decided what I'm gonna get yet..! But it will be next week  I will keep you guys posted.
havent done this in aaaaaaaaaages!  and omg so much to tell you.
haven't' even been up for 5 hours yet. what a waste of a day - stupid alarm. the blonde girl on HSM3 is yum 
Havent finnished my geog yet, will do so tomoz and on wed night, for now im duin some science revision, and then havin an early night! 
havent got my survey questions the market research lady was meant to send i can tanswer them if i dont have them,off to basketball to win 
Haven't gotten anything done because I'm working on site re-design - it's a lot of fun and I don't want to stop.  Posts can wait, right? 
Gonna get up bright and early tomoz and go a run 
Gonna get up. take a showwa. get ready. an watch some baseball. 
gonna git ready, then head over to babyboy's pad  yayyy &lt;3
gonna go 2 bed now, night tweeters  , dont think about me when you sleep ;) hahah nite all
gonna go and read in bed in about 20 mins......need to relax as much as possible before school 2moz!! xx 
gonna go and watch south pacific 
gonna go back and reread all the captain underpants books haha 
gonna go do a blair witch and camp in a forest 
Gonna go eat at back board  whats are yous guys doins? &lt;Jx&gt;
Gonna go eat breakfast at dennys  ! if you have my number, text me (:
gonna go eat lunch now. yummy veg soup and crusty bread 
gonna go find some food and contemplate revision, methinks  hit me up ppl... i like company.
Gonna go finish doing my hair, put a better shirt on [I'm wearing my Top Gun shirt right now, lol!], and eat some grapes. Yumm 
Gonna go for a little walk in the lovely weather I think. See ya all!  XxX
Gonna go get my hairs cut. 
Gonna go get ready. BCC. Manda and I are listening to the new JB CD 
Gonna go gift hunting for hubby's bday  I hope that wallet looks as good as it does online in rl!
gonna go glow in the dark bowling with Maria! 
gonna go hang out the washing, as the note tells me to, this should be funny 
Gonna go have awesome Mexican food at Alagria on Sunset. 
Gonna Go Hit The Hay... Gnite Yall 
gonna go in a meeting soon...the first one in a year  hell I am happy now... But I miss Sharon and Aiden...
Gonna go in the shower 
Gonna go make some coffee and sit on our balcony. 
gonna go out in the rain and ride my bike and listen to @taylorswift13 's old great songs. 
Gonna go out to celebrate for Rachel's b'day! So much fun! 
gonna go outside with my daddy... gonna take a ride with his new triumph! 
Gonna go play hockey. Its really wet Im gonna get hurt I know it! Lol 
gonna go play some resident Evil 
gonna go rest tommrow should be fun  night
Gonna go run some errands then it's off to the mall 
Gonna go running because it's cold out and then it won't be so icky! Be back 
gonna go see Up tomorrow 
gonna go shoppin with mommy. maybe that will cheer me up 
gonna go sleep, alfred's gonna see my ugly side later on todayy. (: hopefully he'll still love me. 
Gonna go somewhere. Far. Going to bring my iPod Touhc to listen to some MCR&lt;3 
gonna go swimming at fontana later. Need to train for triathlon 
gonna go swimming wiff gabbyyyy. shes gonna wear my swim cap haha 
Gonna go to bed now  G'night x
gonna go to school. be back around 4 
gonna go to sleep. LONG day tomorrow. Come check out my band, Audible Mosaic, perform at the Filipino Fiesta tomorrow at 2:30!  THANKS!
Gonna go toke it with some buddies 
Gonna go watch Demolition Man and try to figure out how you would use 3 shells to wipe your butt.. lol.. bye 
Gonna go watch some Creighton softball today!  Can't wait to see my itzy bitzy 
Gonna go work on &quot;Toontown - I put on&quot;. LUCKY ME!!! 
Gonna go. Stuf 2 do.I &lt;3 my background.Wut do you guys reckon bout purple chucks-ok?cya guys/twitterers. LUV @mileycyrus &amp; @Jonasbrothers 
Gonna hang with the 18 and up.  what? They're legal.
Gonna have a hectic next two days, so I'm taking today to chill out.  It's gonna be great 
Gonna have a hot shower . . . And relax a little 
Gonna Have A Hot Shower...Not A Long One Though  In A Bit Twit
gonna have a lazy day today 
gonna have a nice long hot bubble bath when i'm extremely bored tonight 
gonna have an weekend 
gonna have dinner @yats tonight!  wabash landing! here's hoping they have chili cheese  omnomnomnomnom
gonna have lunch then get money then go for a surf 
Gonna have my dinner now. Will be back soonish 
gonna have some breakfast and then it's shopping!  And then celebrating my cousin
Gonna have some in-n-out in ontario 
gonna have some nachos &amp; watch a movie 
haven't had a banana today...but will deffo have one tomorrow 
haven't had a good night out in a while, tonight was fun  sleeepy &amp; work all day tomorrow :/ i really miss my boyfriend !
havent had a properly free saturday night in ages. nice to be home and settled back in  x
havent heard a really good love song in a while 
haven't heard this in a while...I like this song. Good guitar and vocals  â™« http://blip.fm/~7tqcl
Havent laugh this much in a loooong time.  who know there are differnt species of crack heads... ROFL
Havent really figured out twitter....... until now  Currently recording my first 3 songs (demo)... It`s hard being a producer 
haven't said much lately... hiiii tweeters 
haven't seen any new movies for a while... I think I'll go and see Transformers when it comes out next week. 
Haven't slept in over 24 hrs. I'll take a nap b4 starting yet again. This is the life of 1 trying to have it all @ 1ce! Hey Palin did it! 
Haven't talked to my pops in about 2 months...whoops!  So much going on!  Just spent 3 hr. catching up on skype   I &lt;3 technology!
Haven't touched my books for a whole 2-3 days.. 
Haven't twittered in forever!! I have major insomnia!  god bless.
haven't updated in a while. html code has been eating my brain for the last couple of days. am a zombie now. 
haven't watched tv in a few weeks. turned it on last nite, decided it was stupid, and turned it off. 
Havi9ng fun messing about with macheist chat, trying to create my own room. 
havin a back rash...FINALLY I get to use the com. going to be an extra in chatroom chicks (tv show)  tomorrow in school!!! so excited! 
havin a BBQ , well waitin on d lads ta get it cooked, I Know a BBQ in Ireland, happy out   ...
Havin a BBQ for supper! 
Havin a blast maaaan.  Fill another cup up. ;)
Havin a drank. Chillin 
Havin a drink, spending time with a friend  Wishing i can figure out some way to make it to my concert.
havin a good time by the pool. 
Havin' a night in with movies and my mother. 
havin an awesum time wit auntie jen n fam 
havin brakefast watchin oprah ahhh this is the life  haha
Havin din din wit @r2damaxx goin out to the bars tonight!! 
Havin french toast, eggs n bacon for breakfast  yummy
havin fun wit mii cuzo o at jihn hay!! 
Havin lunch at Buffalo Wild Wings  Yummy Yummy Yummy!
Havin shrimps 2day 
Havin' some quaity chill time with my rats 
Havin' tea while writing new lyrics against humanity always puts me in a good mood, I should do it more often 
Having &quot;Hualalai Estate's 100% Hawaiian Coffee&quot; today too 
Having &quot;tweeted&quot; in a while so I thought I would just laying here relaxing watching my girl chelsea 
having a &quot;The Office&quot; marathon. thank you DVR 
Having a (Y) weekend with Karen. Off to Swansea today 
Having a 99. Cool 
having a bath with epsom salts and listening to carrie underwood 
having a BBQ at the rainiest day of the week...nice idea...it wasn't mine! 
Having a bbq! made my white chocolate rice krispies 
Having a beer 
Having a beer &amp; corn dog (I know weird combo) @ the Santa Monica Pier. 
Having a beer, getting ready to play poker 
Having a big family reunion, and loving every minute of it ! i miss u all so much 
Having a bit to eat. im eating a large piece of chocolate cake form wenzels that i just bought with teresa 
having a blast  lakers won...about to go see star treck with matt and tocco
having a bowl of porridge and a morning coffee 
Having a business meeting at a coffee shop. DJ teaching Emily Sudoko 
Having a cheeky pint with @ben stereo and @vickytors 
having a cheese sandwich!  *good morning*
Having a chillaxing day!!  x
Having a conversation with a 3mth old baby...he's so cute-I make him smile 
Having a couple drinks in Miami beach....tuesday 3am and everything is still open  gotta love miami!!!
Having a cuppa and then studying. Writing Boudecia7's request fic this afternoon 
Having a cuppa joe, deciding which of the housework items I'd like to tackle first. I'd really rather curl up with a book....  
having a dance party in her room haha....listening 2 into the night....thinkin the dorm should start a dance night 
having a day off today and enjoying our holiday in Germany  my camera is telling me the beach beckons..... lol
having a day off with the fam ... enjoy your Satuday everyone ! 
having a dexter marathon in my bed &amp; drinking iced jasmine teaaaa 
having a drink with the hubby!!  just getting home from work
Having a duvet day 
Gonna head canteen for Lunch.. My nose n throat are givin me trouble... ya u guessed it rite.. HardRock cafe effect 
Gonna head home for lunch for unpacking and eating 
gonna help with kids outreach this friday! whee! 
Gonna hit KFC lunch with daddy!!!!! 
Gonna hit the hay noww  night y'all twitta's
Gonna hit the sackk, listen to my lover (iPod) on my way to snoozeville  peace out mahh twiggas!
gonna hit up the t.o. mall in about an hour. anyone is welcome to go with me if you'd like 
gonna knock out real soon. She intended to sleep earlier but her newly bought gadgets kept her awake up till now. Oh well,  . Hehehe...
Gonna lie in bed and watch White Chicks til i fall asleep  mmm night!
gonna listen to all years 
Gonna listen to greenday's new album again 
gonna listen to some music  
Gonna look at my list and start to materialise all of them 
gonna look for new musics 
Gonna make a run to Yogurtland. Got a max craving for my usual peanut butter yogurt. 
gonna make curry sauce for my mum :| aha 
Gonna Make My Farm Town... 
gonna make my mom's breakfast.. love you mom! do your best at nursing board exam! i believe in you... 
Gonna make pictures for my photobook 
gonna make the most of the weather and do abitta revision outsideee 
gonna play some RFG with @FullysqueezeD 
Gonna play some Sims, watch Family Guy,then head to bed. 
gonna play spymaster in twitter, dunno how to play but i'm gonna try 
Gonna play the first two red factions while bro is playing on guirilla.. cheeky sod 
Having a few drinks with the second fam. How tight 
Having a fire 
having a four way with honey, @monikiks and van 
Having a fun and great time with friends in Sentosa Island, Singapore yesterday 
Having a fun time hanging out with kody and his brothers 
Having a gd morning - our swan's babies have been born!  Their tiny fuzzy yellow bodies are soo cute I can't stand it 
Having a giggle fest with my gal pal Ang.  Just discussing life and you know, &quot;you can't make this stuff up&quot; - even if you tried!!! LOL 
Having a glass of Malbec and going to bed. 
having a good afternoon to finish an even better day  i love you all &lt;3
Having a good day  Yay!
having a good day in college 
Having a good day today, even tho I'm at work, hope nothing spoils it! 
Having a good day. STILL working on the psych assignment, but it's nearly done. Then the celebrations begin! 
Having a good morning at church. Ready to start service in 10 min. Playing keyboard &amp; singing today.  Time to praise &amp; worship!
having a good time at home &amp; listening to The Veronicas 
Having a good time in vancouver. cEvin key is here. All is well in my world 
Having a good time playing the best line to the song Help 
having a good time with my family and looking forward to seeing my friends... i'm a graduate 
having a good time with my family tonite. mom just get back home 
Having a gr8 weekend  x
Having a grand ol time installing mozilla add-on's while editing pics 
Having a great afternoon with my family.  Looking forward to a BBQ tonight. 
Having a great birthday. The Rangers are up 2-0 and the weather is beautiful 
Having a great couple of days! Gym time!!! 
having a great day  thanks
having a great day chelsea &amp; rangers won footy &amp; diversity won bgt!! 
Having a great day everyone?Well I hope evrybody's having a great time 
having a great day!! last assignment is almost done!!! YAY! 
Having a great day.  I'm definately blessed to be where I am.  
having a great Mother's Day!!! on my way to the Mets game with hubby! 
Gonna post a link to Da Yoopers songs. It's a Wisconsin/ Michigan thing you wouldn't understand 
gonna put my wonderful make up on soon.. then its BBQ at Tufvanï¿½ngen until Sivans opens round 22.00.. a good night ahead for me 
gonna put on twilight, talk to @louiselol online and write 
Gonna rate my #followfriday recs til i get on the puter. It'll be all the usual suspects, plus one or two newbies  x
Gonna read 'guts' from chuck palahniuk's book 'haunted' just cause it's on his website... Hope I don't throw up!!! 
gonna read some of my book and then go to bed 
Gonna relax in bed and tweet and talk. I'll let him play his game. Tomorrow should be quite nice. 
Gonna Resize some pictures at Picnik ;D so i can upload them on flick'r 
Gonna ride to Sup3r Man's 
Gonna rip out my eyeballs in a little 
Gonna rock out a wedding today, @juliamacinnis with me too 
gonna run to the outlets. i'll be back later 
gonna say bye for a bit, tweet you all later peeps.   
gonna see chris fine in star trek at the arclight with @elaineliu and kristine 
Gonna see the old classic Beverley Hills 90210.. And then my fave show.. FRIENDS  That's me ;b
gonna see the pillar of autumn later lovelovelovelove made them a present  gonna give it to them when i see them
Gonna see the sunrise yet again  Headed back to Laf to freshen up, then back on road to Baton Rouge. Puff.
Gonna see The Ting Tings in Brixton tonight http://bit.ly/13a3TM @digitalmaverick are you going? 
gonna set out all my makeup and give my self a makeover. 
Gonna shop for a new outfit for this saturday Roxy reunion party 
Gonna sing a song !!! Any requests??? Hmmmm 
gonna sleep now....this is the earliest i will sleep during summer...haha ) night guys 
Gonna sleepover at Chelsea's and get the Jonas Brothers CD tomorrow! 
Gonna spend some time with Ernest. Hemingway, that is 
Gonna spend the whole day at w/ nadine and igi tmrw, treating them to lunch and bringing them their gift 
gonna spend the whoooolllllleeeeee day with my girl 
Gonna stare at Ryan Reynolds for the next hour or so on the big screen. Woo hoo! (I think Suchita is drooling) 
gonna start a new thing! #sexysaturday! basically, say the name of a sexy person and #sexysaturday straight after. Idea for the evening 
GOnna start all over!  starting all over again in my Multiply. This time, I'm not leaving it anymore. 
Gonna start badminton again next week - this is a step forward 
gonna start focusing on getting myself back to being myself. To show some people of my past that Im still the same old lovable oaf. 
gonna start my weekend of revising for summere exams nowm wish me luck 
gonna start the evening off with a light TROM session followed by watching the game and kicking some ass on UFC live  #fb
gonna start unpacking then go to bed, im dead tireddd. goodnightt 
Gonna stop using twitter now.  Goodnight Philippines, Good Morning America. )
gonna support the Toffees tonight! 
gonna take a break, work's killing me, especially these complaining pet lovers, bah... sun balcony and a smoke... what a life 
gonna take a picture of my star wars hoody as promised.. not sure when, but today  @tommcfly @paula_mcfly
gonna take a shower and enjoy the sun....gonna have a great time bowling afterwards 
GONNA TAKE A SHOWER! and then do my VEGAS look 
Gonna take a shower. Then i'll be back 
gonna take a shower.. then off to bed  .. eww --a full week of school tomorrow! ughh
gonna take shower, dress up, going out. That's my super duper plan for today. 
gonna talk the night away with tyler, then get some sleep 
Gonna test some of my new apps now. 
Gonna try and flash my old Sky router into a shiny Netgear one instead 
Gonna try and get to 300 tweets byy the end of the day, 500 by Next friday 
having a great night with some friends, happy birthday mikey! listening to a bunch of drunk people sing journey. I'm designated driver 
having a great time at my friends' wedding, breaking glasses everywhere like that other culture 
having a great time atm with fran really enjoyed night in the museum 2! cherubs were well funny! 
having a great time in kc  http://twitpic.com/4w3fi
Having a great time playing Plants Vs Zombies  I've been under the radar with twitter, hmmmm.. Could this be I've lost my twitterspirit?
having a great time tonight ! 
having a hell good night  my head has finally stopped hurting and i am enjoying the new music that finished downloading last night 
having a hunky actor movie marathon...Never Back Down, Twilight, Fight Club,...and I'll probs throw in a few more too 
having a LAAAAAZY sunday  with horse riding and TRANCE
Having a late-night love affair with my oil pastels...which is ok, considering my husband is having his own affair with his thesis... 
Having a lazy night w/ my hubby. We are trying out this new spot that has the world largest selection of beer!!!! I'm in pajamas 
having a lonely day today. gonna watch sex and the city the movie and make myself worse whilst eating my lovely dinner  mmm pie and chips!
having a long conversation with mom on phone 
Having a long talk with the beyotch (@guadalupe1991) 
Having a long talk with the beyotch (guadalupe1991) 
having a lot of fun making a forum plugin for #cakephp 
having a lovely day today, went for lunch with nick and rob and saw @ronwild ! wonderful 
Gonna try and make my own chicken congee tonight 
gonna try and work on some photos today &amp; pack up tomorrows Post!!  ....must resist bright sunshiney day....
Gonna try giving @christophercox a call from Skype to his landline. I just want to talk to someone from Skype for once! 
Gonna try this twitter thing  Even though I only have one follower! Hi Court!
gonna try tweeting alot now xD =P 
gonna update my phone  got Silence...I Kill You to put on for my matey!!
Gonna upload britney pics then bed time!! Go comment. 
Gonna visit Grandma tomorrow for her birthday celebration. 
Gonna watch &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; later today. As usually i will fill you in on my thoughts about the movie  
gonna watch &quot;The Holiday&quot; now .. 
Gonna watch @charlestrippy vlog for today. 
Gonna Watch a Movie Called &quot;Lost in The Wild&quot; with my Fav. of All Time Miss JENNIFER LOPEZ 
Gonna watch a movie jus got up from a nap!!! 
Gonna watch a movie with the family 
Gonna watch a scary movie 
Gonna watch a volleyball game tomorrow with Dad and probably some of my team mates. 
Gonna watch Bride wars soon! Going to Hannah's tomarrow to watch the Game and then JONAS!  Let's Go Pens! 
Gonna watch Butterfly Effect in a few minutes. Awesome! 
gonna watch hatching pete which stars @mitchelmusso 
gonna watch mtv movie awards now  yay!
GOnna watch my sexy new dvds  back laterxxxxx
gonna watch ONE LITER OF TEARS on youtube  watch w/ me 
gonna watch Problem Child 2 with my lovelies now 
gonna watch Quarantine with Lucas. wish me luck. 
gonna watch silence of the lambs 
gonna watch some episodes of the inbetweeners 
Gonna watch some Family Guy on TBS for now! 
Gonna watch some telly then off 2 SLEEP! Ta Ta Twitterland  xo
Gonna watch some TV - I'm out maynee 
Gonna watch the first episode of Kingdom with @stephenfry. He's in it, he's not watching it with me. 
gonna watch 'the outsiders' 
Gonna watch Up. Still have a headache, and it's stuffy in here, all these damn kids. But yay, Up! 
gonna watch You've Got Mail tonight 
Gonna work from home for the next couple months cause I can't access the other office's VPN from work. Damn firewall! 
Gonna work on dance for a lil bit before lunch. It's SaTuRdAYYyyy!! I love the weekends &lt;3  Life is Wonderful 
gonna write a s/a about Lips of an Angel  Could be cool 
GOO !!!!!          masterchef australia      what a champ!
goo baacck ;D doing my nails 
Good  I am on break, reading! Its a good day 
Good #hoppusday  
Good #squarespace and #musicmonday morning 
Good (late) morning! 
Good ~Night All!! Sweet~dreams 
good a.m. and happy trails for me. 
Good afternoon Bali. Even after several times, never get tired of it 
Good afternoon everyone 
Good Afternoon Everyone  Hope you're all having a productive Monday.
Good afternoon everyone  Sorry for disappearing last night, computer problems !
Good afternoon everyone!!!  Hope you all enjoy this lovely gorgeous day and have lotsa kinky fun things planned 
Good Afternoon everyone, haven't been on twiiter 4 a while coz been busy,  hope all is well with you all and have a great week. 
Good afternoon everyone, just woke up with no plans to do anything 
Good afternoon everyone. I'm cleaning off my desk today of MESS.  Its so needed.   
Good Afternoon guys...Boa tarde brazucas...Td blzinha??? Everything Ok??? 
Good afternoon people that I love!! Make it a good day, be safe. 
Good afternoon people... wish you a very happy day 
good afternoon ppl 
Good Afternoon Starbucks Espresso Roast w/ French Vanilla creamer........Nice to see you 
Good Afternoon tweet hearts! 
Good Afternoon Tweeties!  xx
Good afternoon Twitter! How is everyone? 
good afternoon twitterers ) having my second cup of coffee 
Good Afternoon Twitterettes, just had tweet from the wonderful @Wossy and I'm now up to 49 followers so over all a jolly good show 
good afternoon twitteritos ! Need god in my life right now, somebody say Amen!  New Press release comin' soon!
good afternoon twitterverse...happy sunday 
GOOD AFTERNOON! 
Good Afternoon!  &lt;[:Khalen:]&gt;
good afternoon! @fbrahimi  @Saorsa nice to hear u! + thx thx thx 2 @Suzed @samodiva!! @ligz my man + @DownLow... ? http://blip.fm/~693f6
Good afternoon! Off to have breakfast/lunch 
Good afternoon! wahaha woke up around 3pm 
Good afternoon,  going outside to paint yet more walls, and re hang the shutters 
Good afternoon, everyone! 
Good afternoon, everyone.  Hope everyone's having a good day.
Good afternoon. 
Good afternoon. The lovely weather continues today my muscles are sore (damn volleyball) and im having a movie night with friends tonight 
Good afternoon... Homeworks. Coffee. LOVe 
Good afternoon... working for our bookie's comfort 
Good afternoooon Twitterbugs! I zonked out last night and slept for an incredible 12 hours  Got my nails did and now waiting for my lunch!
Good aftie! 
Good again 
Good- all set for updates tomorrow then! 
Good AM ! Back in bed. . . Not gonna do anything all day  http://mypict.me/2MRj
Good AM! What am I doing today?Packing 100 years worth of living into whatever remaining years I'm blessed to live.1st things 1st--PANERA 
Good Another Beautiful Day, Pocket Full of Sunshine   http://blip.fm/~6937e
Good article about the former president of my university   : Good man. http://bit.ly/UdZae
Good BBQ last night 
Good beautiful Saturday morning. Nothing better 
Good birding trip within 7 days with 5 Pitta and Bornean Bristlehead 
good birthday  I love you ALL! &lt;3333
Good B-movie... Starship Troopers is cool! Citizen 
good bye bako  canyon country bound..then back to pasadena
good bye twitter 
good cause i'm changing sides... sorry emma i just like him better! 
good causes for #followfriday - @AdventureFarm @ali_mosaic @AmnestyUK @BFFoundation (of course  ) @BigCatRescue another gt 1 for big cats
Good choice Sir Alan, I loved The Apprentice this evening. Glad Yasmina won, and not the obvious choice Kate  #apprentice
Good cinema exam!! 
Good combination, nice belt!  http://lookbook.nu/look/167434
Good comments coming through on my latest blog post - always room for more   http://houseofrous.viviti.com/entries/church/salvationists
good convos ppl  (at Science Club)
Good crowd @ pearl already...! 
good day  &lt;3
good day  At home and ready to finally sleep...Moxie is snuggled up next to me snorring...hehehe too cute!
good day  now a nice night with the love of my life &lt;3
GOOD DAY ALL  hope everyone is having an awesome day  what are you up to this sunny sunday?
Good day all. Let's see what we can get accomplished today together. 
Good day and night  minus the SAT II and that's about it. Good job, oilerssss. Even if we didn't win! Ily Buddy and Sean Guite!
Good day at school! ASB banquet tonight. 
good day at work now just 1.5 days to go until the weekend 
Good day at work so far... I'm not the one getting yelled at! 
good day everyone. love waking up at this time of the day on sunday  shall watch some j-drama and pig out on things from aldis today.
good day for a BBQ!! 
Good day for India. . . . Won the Series against New Zealand in New Zealand 
Good Day My Friends!  Our website is finally OPEN!  Please check it out and shoot me off your feedback. Thanks!  www.theRIGHTmovement.com
Good day off working in yard all day, then getting a whipping in squash, cept for Joe  so it ain't all bad.
good day on the hustle  somethin new something fresh somethin bout to pop off!
Good Day People  just pop out of bed  looking at E! news
Good day so far 
good day so far.  hopefully the rest of it goes well too
Good day so far. Getting yearbooks now! 
good day so far. what's next? 
Good Day to you Grace!  @iGrace
Good day today  Gym.. Mall... Padre GAme... Chilled... It just doesnt get any better 
Good day today  sociology tomorrow though (N) oh dear
Good day today ... Went to my friends babyshower today. Him and his partner are having twin boys due in august! It was so much fun  - Lori
Good day today. I think I will finally be able to eat some kimchi. 
Good day today. Saw stephen then went to big bear with zack. And then dinner with my booger 
good day today....good night 2 ery1 ............ i loveeee kesha! nd missssss her rofl  remember ! we gon be drinkn margaritas on da beach
Good day todayy  Lazy day, then went to Shannis and watched underworld. ;-)
Good day todayyy 
Good day todayyyyyy 
Good day tomorrow ! 
Good day tweeties ! I'm Baaaccckkkk ! 
Good day TwetterPeopleLand!  Working hard! Tengo mucho sueÃ±ooo..
Good day twitters  , otro dia a sufrir en bancomext
Good day yesterday 
Good day yesterday  http://twitgoo.com/d3zo
Good day! 
good day!  // blessed vibes! 
Good day, catched up on all my TV shows and now I just have Gossip Girl still to do 
Good day.   Hot tubbing with Kaytee and Kasey.
good day.  austin is comming back tomorrow, to swim 
Good day.  Scattered showers while we were home, sunshine while we were out visiting.  
Good day.  Sleep time.
Good day. Talked to Kevin. Visited Muffin. Chilled with Will.  Relaxing. Not sure about later. Maybe cleaning, maybe another call. ;)
good dayyy, despite no busking. next week 
Good dayyyy 
Good dia! Boa morning!   
good dinner w/ microcredit group, covered dish gatherings are not what they used to be and that is good 
Good Dinner. Spicy Noodles are the best. Skating was good today  Tre flips!  &quot;Let me take your coat and your keys and this car&quot;
Good early morning phone call. And reallly early phone call  so exhausted.
Good effort. Back home for movie #3. Ps I love the looks I get when blasting New Kids from my car. Holla. 
Good energy brings good energy. 
Good enough.. time to go sleep off whatever I can, be happier tomorrow ? here's Hopin.. go check my Fb. for what is in store for me now. 
GOOD EVANS!!!!  The two little girls are SO cute! &lt;3
Good eve twitter!!! Busy day today.. haha.. Playing ikariam again.. 
Good eve. 
good evening   lasagne is cooking and about to make the salad but would rather be chasing ghosts 
Good evening all - sorry been too busy to tweet lately! Hope your pets are warm and happy on this chilly winter night 
Good evening beautiful tweeple! Hope everyone is having a drama free evening. If not, come over and eat chocolate fondants 
good evening everyone. 
good evening I have a cold its not so bad I can handle anything and NO its NOT SWINE FLU   
Good evening my tweets! I've had an awesome day. Got my hair dyed. Its dark brown now 
Good evening night owls! You are ready for the ITEM of the DAY, right? Well it happens in 30 more minutes... drink coffe... stay awake! 
good evening Philippines, hello World and hi to all Anipals... 
Good evening twitterverse, what's crackin? 
good evening walk and then the wind down. I am totally worn out and headed to bed. goodnight! 
Good evening! I'm back online after half day of sleeping and eating. 
Good evening, all  What's the latest word?
Good Evening, everyone!  Sweet Dreams.......or at least some wet ones 
Good evening, my friends! (via @Liberalviewer1)////Hello!  
Good evening, nice to see some new faces. Welcome to the third #LOFNOTC. Enjoy the night 
Good evening, tweeps &quot; 
good evening. good morning to those in the US 
good family time at Manila Ocean Park. Homebound now.  planning for the next trip ZOObic Safari! Yi!
Good food tonight  or &quot;hao chi&quot; in Chinese
Good for you. I stopped at 5'5&quot; years ago! @ddlovato I GREW!!!! I'M 5'5&quot; NOW!!! 
Good friends are rare and few. I appreciate mine, deeply. I can always trust you guys 
Good friends are there when you need them- and I'm grateful to those people who Show Their Goodness &amp; Friendship day in and day out!  
Good friends......good conversation......good times!  Tonight, I'm chillaxin'.  
good game Team Uptempo  i enjoyed our win today  great team effort
good games of ball today 
Good Gig in Rio guys, i hope you enjoy, and @dougiemcfly, i hope you feel better 
Good girl talk 
good girls go bad - cobra starship ft. Leighton Meester. i like it  and leighton meester is a good singer, but she's still better in gg!
Good Girls Go Bad is on the radio!!  I love this song.  
Good Gollie Miss Hollie: Wildwater Fun  http://bit.ly/R0rvy
Good golly I love my playlist   I just don't understand why people do certain things :/
good golly, I love johnny. 
good grades  [[[off to california]]] adios! be back 6/10
Good gym session, sleepiness now gone, woohoo! 
good hair day 
Good hairr day 
Good idea=Staying up talking with friends/Bad idea=Falling asleep mid tweezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Good job #tweetie: url preview back to work as expected! 
Good job @OfficialJonah 
Good job Federer, you are truly the man  #frenchopen
good job google i love the tetris theme! 
good job kori. she just had a very beautiful baby boy. cant wait to watch him grow. wow i cant believe it lol he was such a lil cutie lol 
GOOD KNIGHT ALL! 
Good Knight, my tweeties!  Tweet Dreams 
Good lesson with Grant this morning!  focused on strengthening my vibrato and worked on two pieces.
good lord the boys have reformed!! http://bit.ly/k3Im3 hehe  does this mean alter bridge is no more!
Good luc Barca against Villarreal today!!! Will be rooting for you with Mom during lunch today 
Good Luck !  @CGiganted 
Good luck @FemaleTrubble---I hope you get out there on the track, gorgeous!!!  Knock their socks off   Love ya!
Good luck @Pink ! You're gonna rock! And have fun everyone! Just over 24hours for me 
good luck @TWoodIzYrF , @YrfSquad, @BlakpIzYrf  .ha I LOVE you Broz !' 
Good luck at the VMAs tonight, @mileycyrus! 
Good luck babd 
Good luck Chris Brown, imma miss ya brother  Hope you get better.
GOOD LUCK FOR ALL 
good luck for the mtv awards @mileycyrus. i'll pray for you 
good luck in the red carpet, I really love you Kellan 
good luck jessica lynn,you get them shapes  getting #LVaTT with her today. i'm so excited.
Good luck Junior/Leaving Cert folk xx Seeing Lisa today     &lt;3 &lt;3
GOOD LUCK MIKE. Hope to see you in July, if so I will send you back with more mushrooms. 
Good luck on all your endeavors this coming week! 
GOOD LUCK ON FINALS EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good Luck on QVC Ellen 
GOOD LUCK PHILLIES!!!!!!!!  I sure will miss you while you're out west.  Let's keep the winning record on the road!!! 
Good luck to all at FlashCamp in Birmingham tomorrow - http://flashcamp.co.uk.  I have to work so can't make it but have fun guys 
Good luck to all the SD RnR marathon participants this morning 
Good luck to all those braving the crowds at the SunRun this morning  
Good Luck to everyone at the MTV awards!  I can't see it live, but I will see the reprise on thursday! &lt;3
GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE AT THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS TONIGHT!... 
Good luck to everyone taking Bio SAT II's tomorrow. 
Good luck to Gavin and Dad today. You will do brilliant, and I'll be shouting at you &quot;Run Faster! Get a real job!&quot; 
Good luck to me 
good luck to me!!! 
Good luck to my baby today  xxxxx
Good luck to those with weddings today. At the studio to meet clients then shopping. Have a B.R. gift card burning a hole in my pocket 
good luck tomorrow!!!!! knock them dead, and by dead i mean keep them alive by learning the daily skills of living 
good luck with stella too let us knw how it goes 
Good luck with the MTV awards @mileycyrus !!! 
Good moaning i bring a massage from Michelle! 
Good MOANING twitter tweets! Headed for a sonogram with @rhysjlloyd so we can see that our baby is doing fine 
Good moaning, frantically searching for tights has left me famished- jam on toast should be a delicasy 
Good Monday morning everyone. Smile. 
Good Monday Morning to our Twitter folks! Thanks for following me &amp; the FuseBox Radio/BlackRadioIsBack.com vibe - much appreciated! 
Good Monday Morning, tweets! 
Good Monday Tweet Thangs! We're 16 days away from my 2?th Bday  I need ideas on how I should celebrate? Pole dancing class...party bus???
good mood  text me &lt;3
Good morgnin', felas. 'Sup ya'll? 
Having a lovely lunch at the Russell's house 
Having a lunch with my mom&amp;daddy. Yippie 
Having a lunch with watching television.. 
Having a mild heartattack 
Having a nice cup of tea and a sit down, what a raver! 
having a nice cup of tea in a cup and saucer 
having a nice glass of blue 
having a nice glass of wine while the little/big peeps are preparing dinner 
Having a nice mango as I watch The Warriors  I &lt;3 this movie.
Having a nice morning in banbury with sophieeeee  pint before midday is the way to go :p
having a niceee cuppa 
Having a night in, finally. Sipping on some read wine 
Having a pancake and coffee and wanting to play golf  
Having a party for one at my house! My parents are out, and my brother's at a friends'. So I'll be cranking the 'tunes ALL NIGHT LONGG!! 
Having a pb and j; watching resident evil with @tolvinle  it's about damn time
having a peaceful and restful Saturday ready for a big day at church tomorrow...I love my life 
Having a pizza party tonight at in-laws tonight to celebrate our little bun in the oven. 
Having a post-party drink or two at Blue 32 Sports Grill. What an amazingly fun night this has been  - http://bkite.com/081wZ
Having a pretty nice day off with @myfriends 
Having a quiet afternoon making money with freebies on Calistyle101 and The Freebie Exchange.Please come and Join me 
Having a quiet night in. Going to watch something in Japanese but undecided so far. Maybe Jurassic Park 
having a Radiohead-listening morning 
Having a real breakfast out for the first time in years 
Having a really good week!  Goodnight, i hope everyone's enjoying their week! D
Good Moring 
good moring  gonna take a shower, fix my hair and then Im going out .
Good Moring twitter family. Time for church.. 
good moring twitters dont be afraid to write 2 me 
Good Moring! Monday again.. raining again. . 
Good Moring, Twitstars  So fuckin cold in downtown Schweinfurt. Brr.
good morining 
Good morining rveryone,*drinking coffee*then its off to Con,Carolina's as a Stormtrooper 
Good morm=ning everyone!!! 
Good morn peeps!! How did everyone do on their first day of the competition?? I did awesome!! 
GOOD MORN1NG.............. Breakfast is screaming @ me right now. Then off to work for the rest of the day. Happy Tuesday 
Good mornig! Gonna take a shower 
good mornin  ? http://blip.fm/~5jryt
Good Mornin'  Busy,busy day for me today
good mornin  on my way to school...blasted like crazyyyyy....cant wait to get over this test
good mornin all!!!   iv ben tweeting less off late coz iv bin roaming around a lot..will try to tweet a lil more 
Good mornin all. On to work.  Have a great day!  Go Magic. I believe. 
good mornin' one &amp; all just gonna relax today GO CELTICS?????  TWEET LATR...
Good mornin' pips! 
Good Mornin tweets!  I'm up, well awake but still in bed ...
Good Mornin twitter world! 
Good mornin twitterers, watching my first naruto of the day and it happens to be the 100th episode  lovely juvely
Good mornin Twitter'ville! 
Good Mornin World!! Slept Great an tryn to make this 5 str8 Wonderful Summer Days!!  !!!* StillFoolish *!!!
GOOD MORNIN' Y'all. Have a Great Day 
Good mornin yo! Gonna straighten my hair right about now....skool is almost out!!!!   but I start summer skool the following week :/
Good mornin! Leavin in 30-35 mins 2 walk 2 @tiffanygiardina concert  O nd I think I beat up my pillow in my sleep..feathers r everywh ...
Good mornin'! The scripture for today is Psalms 27 
good mornin!!! i'm having a wonderful day so far! praise GOD 
good morning   about to drag my butt from the chair and get crackin' .. super hot day again today .. yay for summer!!
Good morning   Another gorgeous day!!!  And great weather for the holiday weekend.
good morning   its going to be a good day!!!
Good morning   off for today only then working tonight off to the gym soon!
Good morning   The sun is shining and my head is still killing me #headache #moaner
Good morning   Yes, I know that its almost 11:30 am so its hardly early morning anymore, but I just woke up...
Good Morning  &quot;Tweet Buds&quot;  Happy Monday............   
Good morning  *YAWN* In line for my son's Regional Pokemon Tournament. WOW! Soooo many people here. How's everybody?
good morning  ... thinking what to do today!
Good morning  .....having coffee
good morning  ....and good bye :/ g2g to school :/
Good morning  @frk_maria: &quot;happy happy happy&quot; â™« http://blip.fm/~7jod9
Good morning  @mentorguru and myself will do a @trainifique workshop today. What is your plan today?
Good Morning  @SwingingtoDJFox:  Thanks  nice song. ? http://blip.fm/~6t3at
good morning  A tiny bit of sunshine is gracing my lawn right now......supposed to be storms later today!  #flylady
Good morning  about to take a motorcycle trip with my ipod ! Some good rock songs can be a good friend then I'll go to my fitness center
good morning  after a lovely soak in the bath..the revision starts AGAIN!!!..Roll on thursday for freeeeeeeedom 
Good morning  All  wish you a nice day 
Good morning  all you fine people out there in twitterverse,. I wish you all a wonderful and prosperous day. Life is good 
good morning  anyone want ice cream for breakfast??
Good morning  ATL has a new song out! Damned If I do ya(damned if I don't) check it out! Swim practice.
Good morning  blahh..longg nightt
GOOD MORNING  check the blog www.theoriginalbbh.weebly.com 
Good morning  Did you know that when you vote for a president, you are actually voting for electors to cast your vote for the president?
good morning  feel like it's gonna be an awesome day.
Good morning  First thing to do when I get to work: watch New Moon trailer!
Good morning  French Open, Roger Federer, #frenchopen, Air France, Sims 3, D-Day, Roland Garros, Nadal, Jenson.. http://tinyurl.com/rybyz2
Good morning  getting ready 4 church
Good Morning  going to teach now
Good morning  Going to the CSI New York wrap party  really funn talk to you later twitties  Byer byee xoxo rachel
Good morning  great start on the mornin =D
Good morning  hair - breakfast - doctor - short shopping trip 
Good morning  Headed home!
Good Morning  Hope everyone has a great day!
good morning  How was everyone's Saturday night? couldn't sleep last night. still IN love. &lt;33
Good Morning  How's everyone's Friday?
Good Morning  http://plurk.com/p/116zcd
Good morning  http://twitpic.com/692av
Good morning  http://yfrog.com/7emyagj
Good Morning  I am going to have a shower...
Good morning  I can say that cos it's 11:59.  Just in tiiime
Good morning  I don't think it has stopped raining once for the past three days or so, but who cares?
Good morning  I have been sleeping like a child. I love it!
GOOD MORNING  i just woke up. GREAT WEATHER!! and im sick. but i think i have to go market today.  i don't have lozenges.
Good Morning  I'm gonna have the test today! Hope it'll be good.
good morning  im ready for a new day xx
Good Morning  I'm still so tired but I couldn't sleep anymore -.-
good morning  it is 08:22 a.m, but i woke up about an hour ago because i had to study and do work
good morning - it*s NO DOUBT day!!! eee!!! 
Good morning  It`s friday! :-D
Good morning  its going to be a wonderful day ..
Good morning  Just spent 5 minutes waiting for the kettle to boil, then remembered they work a lot quicker if you plug them in.
good morning  just waking up
good morning  just woke up  today is the Amnesty day, most of my duties are dedicated to Amnesty 
good morning - let's eat out now 
Good Morning - Make it a great day, like I know you will 
Good morning  my dog wont stop giving me kisses lol
Good morning  Need to whip up a batch of icing today... In hopes I get to make that special cake in the next couple of weeks!
Good Morning  One more day closer to the weekend!
good morning  or afternoon hehe sun is shining birds twittering and fluffy clouds gliding by
Good Morning  our thoughts on Mine that Bird. http://bit.ly/9lYyb
good morning  peanut butter on toast. 
Good Morning  Plan for the day: Church followed by F1 &amp; lunch at mum &amp; dads. Then DM discussions of Star Trek!
Good morning  ppl... Its a pleasant, cool and fresh morning here in Gurgaon 
Good morning  ready to start this week.
good morning  so much for sleeping in.haha i guess ill go for some breakfast now . tweet me .
Good morning  Tea is steeping &amp; I think I am still sleeping!  #flylady
good morning  the best guitar master you jammed with?
good morning  thinking of working tonight makes me feel lazy..
Good morning  this Tuesday!!!! â™« http://blip.fm/~8b3hx
Good morning  today is going to be a busy day, two tests to do.
Good morning  we were just discussing that this is the first year we haven't woken up @ 5
good morning  well..i switched everything over to the full proj name rather than the short, I.H.C.F. SO GOOGLE IF HUMANS COULD FLY!
good morning  what happens in vegas was the third movie watched last night. i drank green tea out of shot glasses.. it was a giddy affair.
Good morning  What will today bring? Most of what we hope for, I am hoping...
Good morning  Woke up, still tired. I need my dang sleep. No more late nights. Blah blah blah!
Good morning  Work till 3:30 (as always) And just so you all know &quot;My life would suck without you&quot; Remember that!
Good Morning  x
Good morning ! Happy sunday. I'm going to the dunes today then hopefully seeing captains baby sister 
having a reallyy great day 
having a relaxing bath 
having a relaxing day at home after a great church service this morning 
having a relaxing night after having a relaxing day 
Having a relaxing Saturday evening 
Having a sausage corner for dinner 
having a shower 
Having a sleep over with alex  I love her
Having a superb day. It's wonderful to have a job you love. But that doesn't stop me looking forward to my week off 
Having a sushi date with my mom 
having a Taking Back Sunday morning  ilovethemmm. &lt;3
Having a Tony's party tonight! Got my friend picking up goods at 7-11 
Having a tres awkward leg tan is a nice mark of my day at the beach (then nightmarket)! 
Having a tweet day, so get ready for the updates 
having a very good monday. 
having a well deserved chill out day !! 
having a wonderful day already 
Having a wonderful night. 
having a wonderful saturday! text me.  xokimberlyyannn
Good morning ! School for 2hs! and the competition's results are going to be posted today xD.Wish me luck 
Good Morning ! Twitters Up Early Taking My Son To The Barber Shop And Then Off To The Nail Shop 
Good morning #smiletuesday go on make someone happy 
Good Morning #yeg! Am quite excited to get to finally use my new umbrella today. Have a wonderful day everyone! 
Good morning &amp; a very happy mothers day to all those lovely moms across the pond 
Good Morning &amp; Happy #woofwednesday 
good morning &lt;3 BBQ at janes today  &lt;3
Good morning &quot;Hot Momma!&quot;  Enjoy your day! @TamaraSchilling
good morning ) im going to harlingen 
Good morning *** Another day in paradise 
Good Morning ... hope your day is good!!! 
Good morning / afternoon / evening ppl 
Good morning ; slept almost 12 hours ; having great time with family this weekend 
good morning @ all!!! 
Good morning @ office starting work / hope everybody has a nice start to a productive week 
Good morning @all! Summer's arrived...  ? http://blip.fm/~6sxdc
Good Morning @BrandiLove @RhyseRichards @NikkiBenz @LichelleMarie  The most beautiful girls on twitter
good morning @dannywood where are u.r u in the gym or running 
Good Morning @Djalfy @MAS_LO has told me a lot about you. 
Good morning @Justin_A, hope you have a nice day 
Good Morning @LaBellaBYTCH Hope your well. 
good morning @mariaandros i like that song too.. im praying now 
Good Morning @NeilPHarris Stay cute and Sexy! 
Good Morning @RhyseRichards hope you are having a great dat beautiful 
good morning @rxtmr!  hi chico and del, could you please play ONCE IN A LIFETIME by the freestyle?Ãœ please? thanks a lot! ;')
Good morning @tickerville - long time no see!!    $$
Good morning @yarnpr0n!  I &lt;3 finding new ppl to tweet with!  How are you today?
Good morning ^^ Just got up, and soon me and my mother are going into town to buy some stuff 
Good morning 2 you 2 @RichCurrie I hope your day goes great. 1.07a.m here so the day has literally just kicked off, lol. Smiles 
good morning 2everybody! 
Good Morning 342 Followers!! How's every1 feeling today!? [Don't allow the Sun to Outshine u today!] 
Good Morning AGAIN Family! Such a bright &amp; lovely day.  **taking a deep breathe**  O how I LOVE my life...     How about u?
Good Morning Alice! Loved that last quote.  @ally0
Good morning Alice. 
Good morning all   Had a ball at the IPL yest   Taking it easy today
Good morning all   Time for another lovely week
good morning all  and how are we all today?
Good morning all  It is an absolutely georgous day in Maryalnd! Crystal blue skies and cool temps. It's going to be a GREAT day!
Good morning all  laying in bed until I feel like getting up!!
Good morning all  that was a good sleep 9ara7aa *yaaawnnn*
Good morning all  Up &amp; washed dog &amp; now to the vet. Been a whirlwind already today &amp; more to come
Good morning all !  I hope everyone had a great weekend 
Good morning all come on Chelsea today 
Good morning all from the east coast.  Hope you're well and have a terrific day!  
good morning all hope you are well and engaged in as much housework as me wouldnt want anyone to feel excluded for household tasks 
Good Morning All i'm working at the shop today, for awhile....300 Main Street Buda, Texas come see me and buy antique furniture 
Good morning all my beautiful people!!  *muah* &lt;~kc~&gt;
Good morning all my twitter friends !!!! I hope to make this a good Monday   If thats  possible lol
Good Morning All off to school today   visit my store if you have time  http://tinyurl.com/dkol4w
Good Morning All Or I should say Mid-Morning 
Good morning all you happy people. 
Good morning all! ~ having breakfast at lunchtime (aaah) and watching little birds hopping in my olive tree ~ lovely nature 
Good morning all! Done my press-ups, planks, and dips, now sipping coffee w/ heavy cream and contemplating another carnivore day. 
Good morning all! Getting ready for a fun day of laundry and more cleaning, I know you wish you were me! 
Good morning all! Hope everyone is having a good morning/afternoon 
Good morning all! How is everyone? It's nice to be on the net again 
Good morning all! How is Monday for you? Doing fine here in sunny Gainsborough UK! 
Good morning all! Its a fabulous morning here! 
Good morning all! It's going to be a great day! I hope all of you have a great day as well! 
Having a wonderful weekend so far, now it's time to wash my Yaris.  Then just hanging out today. Working in the morning (9:30). &lt;3 &lt;3
having an amazing day with my besfriend, roxanne akil 
having an amazing day! so far so good ya'll 
having an amazing morning. i love my life. 
having an argument about music with the watchers of the Sugarplum Fairy @ Rock am Ring. Funny 
Having an awesome day 
having an awesome day! cant wait until tonight!! ahahahaha!! word of the day; piercing.  &lt;3
Having an awesome lunch w/ mom &amp; bro - yummy sushi &amp; udon 
having an awesome night! eating rocky road ice cream watching dane cooks isolated incident. nothing better. 
Having an effective day at work! Finished both the conclusions &amp; recommondations and the summary of my thesis! 
having an emo-moment listeting to THUNDER-BOYS LIKE GIRLS uh huh 
having an intense convo with an &quot;old&quot; friend 
Having another cup of red bean ice cream.  My new favorite flavor.  
having another mommy-daughter again! i heart you mom 
Having attended one of your talks, dearest @nora 3000 and liveblogged, I can assure you - I LOVE your thinking! 
having awesome dad-made snacks at home 
having beautiful dreams  Good night everybody!
Having been at work since 8 I suppose one could leave now, except it being my first day and the CEO is seated behind me still 
having Bigi &amp; Tokyo Fashion Spree tmr  Check out SIH web ^____^
having bonfire tonight  till then i dont know what we are going to do
having brakfast with brita at coffee underground 
having breakfast  egg-bread ...yuuuummy! Wooo hoo the sun is shining &lt;3
Having breakfast in a cafï¿½. On TV is a movie with Louis de Funï¿½s. Great guy. If you have a choleric boss just look de Funï¿½s to get happy 
Having breakfast with @kevindsloan 
Having breakfast with hubby on a warm sunny morning 
Having breakfast with my mom and family 
Having breakfast with my wife for the first time in a week! 
Having breakfast with the Diaz family and Cody 
Having bro-lights with g.Soll  CHEERS!  http://twitpic.com/4wjrs
having chat with afiaa. 
Having chicken supernoodles for lunch  yum the media is too hard on miley cyrus! Joe Jonas did a slanty eyes pic an no one said anythin!
Having coffee 
having coffee and banana for breakfast while watching Regis and Kelly 
Having coffee and ready to work 
having coffee at a cafe... after..errr 4months? i feel normal again 
having coffee, chatting, listening to music!  vacations are GREAT!  
Having coffee, folding clothes &amp; looking out at blue sky &amp; sunshine over SW WA.  
having coffee, waiting for the rest of the world to wake up!!  
Having cookies after dinner, my cat walked right over to Tim and took a bite out of his. I love that cat 
having dinner at the keg (fave!), cup cakes for the step mama's bday and then going to see the hangover 
Having dinner on the balcony, watching some children playing soccer. One of them is really arrogant 
having dinner on train - nuts and organic juice  i love being on the train, so many strangers 
having dinner soon, trying to finish up my june holidays eng hw. o lvl mt on monday. 
having dinner then taking my son and his friend to see UP! Can't wait! 
Having dinner w my dad. 
Having dinner with a new friend  I'm lonely when I'm in, but when I go out it's always a new best day ever. Gotta remember that. 
Having dinner with a very special lady 
Having dinner with brent! 
having dinner with my fam 
Having dinner with my parents then spending the night eating puppy chow and catching up with the girls 
Having drinks and apetizers  with my boo at Mai Tai Bar. Erica is on her way. Then off to the club  http://myloc.me/2aky
Having drinks and tacos with my 2 favorite cousins 
Having drinks at Fridays with Bre, Patrick, Ashley, Bryant and @heygip. Very fun night 
HAVING ECZEMA SUCKS! But the teatree cream is working 
Having first beer in over 8 days what has happened to me and Im only having it cause Miss 8 wanted to get me one for mothers day. 
having fun and working side by side  By the way,  enjoyed the drama last night in my college ;)
Having fun at two bridal showers!  Loooooove them 
having fun huh. u thinking of me while u over there? lets see i wanna know wat we would be doing if i was there 
Having fun in Facebook's Farm Town 
having fun listening to gino and fran. 
Having fun today 
Having fun with @bem03 and @iamredel  at Plurk. ILoveThemSoMuch. 
Having fun with @journeywithgina creating Twitter stories, poetry ~ haiku, and insights. Sending waves of love to the world via Blip.fm  
having fun with @Stephie_Lupin  and other ppl on MS 
Having fun with my besties 
Having fun with my family from Ohio! 
Having fun with the girls in Fort Wayne Indiana. Senior skip day is monday. text it. 
Having fuuun, friends are true inspiration sumtimes 
having girl talk on my balcony...what a beautiful nite  how pretty, its a full moon! funny how we're goin thru the samething lol
having good time at home 
having great time with my friends,, 
Having her first Bullet milkshake of the year, like she did her first slurpee last night 
Having high tea at cova now 
Having homemade peanut butter and red bean mochi that Willie made for me... Yummy.  Some sysadmin guys do more than fix machines!!  
having hot chocolate with marshmallow ;)  
having ice cream party for my birthday.. 
Having Incredible Hulks with the boys  Catch me at Discotekka tonight 
having jenni over in an hour  watchin dvds and eating junk food!!
Having Korean, watching Full House 
Having lime slurpee, LOL reminds me of liam 
having luch - yummyyy 
having lunch 
Having lunch  while looking at some old pics my dad just found from the old boxes. Vaca pics, me wore the Airwalk sneakers &amp; short hair!x)
Having lunch &amp; nice conversations at work  Ltr!
having lunch (chili concane yummi ) and later i'll watch gossip girl, 90210 and O.c. 
Having lunch and then going to study and then going to ride my horse and then going to study and then having dinner and then going to bed 
having lunch at home today...the joys of working close to home 
Having lunch at jimmy chungs wiff my family 
Having lunch at the beach with @saraheing and anna 
having lunch in starbucks with @_Toki_ my stem ginger muffin was aweeesommme 
having lunch now 
having lunch now.  I'M SO HUNGRY!
Having lunch outside with my son. i am eating and he is running 
Having lunch with former co-workers at UPS...yes we're all still friends 
having lunch with his fam 
Having lunch with les parents, gossiping about other relatives.hehehe of course in a good way! 
Having lunch with mom 
having lunch with moom .. 
having lunch with my BFF!! 
Having lunch with my boo 
having lunch with my favorite girl in the whole world. 
Having lunch with my tri team, I forgot how beautiful Miami is! I love this city 
Having lunch with the brother and sister 
Having Lunch with the other PT at Atrium 
Having lunch, meatloaf with mashed potato and carrot sauce 
having lunch. 
Having margaritas with an old roomie 
having merienda at dinner time. dinner's gonna be midnight snack. i can't skip meals. eating is love. 
Having morning coffee trying to get this day started 
Having my bangs be curly is odd haha 
having my brecky. Good Morning  x
Having my hair cut  yay
Having my late lunch with baby hippo @ Pancious. I think it's going to be rain 
having my lunch ... hmm yummy 
Having my lunch break..  
Having my monthly mentoring session with my Hi-po team. Great future for them in the firm 
having my new hairdo probably later. salon day with @mela is supposed to be on friday, because of my overexcitement, i'm moving it now. 
Having Nando's delivery for lunch with the girlfriend! 
Having no fun right now.but i will, later 
Good morning all! Running behind this a.m. Got a surprise migraine last night and popped some percocets. Need coffee!  no headache tho! 
Good morning all! Today is a great day to be alive so I plan to maximize all my moments today so that not one is wasted on the mediocre! 
Good morning all! Trying to learn some video skills - phew! Lots to learn 
Good morning all!! Jesus is tight--get to know Him today and I promise hour life won't b the same!! 
Good Morning all, busy day at work for me, it's Prelude to a Dream Raceday! Go Jeffey, lets take that dirt late model to the front. 
Good morning all, happy Friday 
Good Morning all, Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful Mom's out there! Off to cook for mine, and waiting for my son 
good morning all, i'm at the office ... i'm looking forward to work on my project, yayor!  #office #project
Good morning all. Big day, big meeting today. Wish me luck everyone! 
good morning all. btw, did NOT get up at 6/6:30, but 7:00-ish is still not bad  beautiful cool, crisp air this morn. how's your weather?
good morning all. going to take it easy today 
Good morning all. Have to get to the gym early today run fast  floor people coming early Time 4 prayer Blesssings all.
Good Morning all. I love waking up to read a FANTASTIC review on me on yelp. what a great way to start my day 
Good morning all. Very excited about today. I've got my camera ready to snap these pictures. Now to get ready 
Good morning all. Watching some monk  wish I coulda slept a little more.
good morning all... hope ur day started well 
good morning all... lovely day!!  Sunshine in Shrews!! Pic of outside the shed in last nights Shropshire Star! 
Good Morning all.... Dinner is on the stove slow cooking, dressed and ready to go to service with Poopie and Jelecia. 
Good morning all.....another day of sunshine!! Yeeehaaaaaa  How are you all?
having one of those random moments, laughing at anything and everything 
Having our 11 year Anniversary lunch at Maki Maki! 
Having pancakes with @Axelwill at his dads house hmmmm 
Having 'phad pak nam man hoi' for lunch..at my desk..hv got no clue what else to eat... 
having quality time with the roomies  i can't wait to post pictures of this.
having rainforrest alliance coffee at shell select food 
having rotini and mango for dinner to make this shitty night better 
having seen the cover - it was definitely &quot;in order to dance 5&quot; 
having sexy time with Alex harrari ....shes a girl  haha
having sleep.over at my cousin's house!  weeeheeee ..
Having so much fun! Haley is super-cute on the beach, she LOVES it! Millions of pics to come, of course. 
Having some bomb ass mole at @julie_love's house 
having some cake for breakfast  it's going to be a great day!
Having some donuts for breakfast with @jossilee and Papa Lee before we go to Brantly Farm! 
Having Some Internet Service Providers Brown Outs &quot;Please Be Patient With Me&quot; While It Stabilies 
having some milk &amp; a brownie , my grandma made them...tehehehehhe 
Good morning all....Big misstake never show your kids dog puppies at a horse riding event!!! 
Good morning all...how are you today???....what a fab sunny day today 
Good Morning Amazing Tweeters. . . . Today is another chance to make the life that you want and not settle for anything less. ..  
Good Morning America 
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! 
Good morning and actually I mean noon. But I'm just having my breakfast. 
GOOD MORNING AND GOOD NITE EVERYONE!!! HOPE U ENJOYED UR DAY I DID!!! I WON $6 @ AC I FEEL LIKE A MILLION BUCK$ LOL  ZZZZZZZ
Good morning and Happy Friday all! 
Good morning and Happy Hump day.  
Good morning and happy monday 
Good Morning and Happy Sunday.  Back on the grind... with a little bit of rest today. It is the Sabbath!  Love, Peace and Kreativity~
Good morning and hello new followers  How is everyone this Monday?
Good morning and how is everyone today? 
good morning and i sang american idiot for 241 p.!!!that's a record 
good morning and thank you!! it's a new day, u can always start over 
Good morning apple ciders 
Good morning Ascot... you're sunny today.. that's nice of you  might go skating for a bit
Good Morning babes! T.G.I.F!!! I woke up in such a good mood it's ridiculous. Have a great day 
Good Morning back to you! A cloudy day here also....  @BarbaraFriedman
GOOD MORNING BALTIMORE, 
good morning beautiful 
Good Morning Beautiful People...Hail Up 2 Da VI Massive 
Good morning beautiful. Good luck today with SAT's. I know you will do amazing. I hope to be able to see you today! 
good morning boys and girlss 
Good Morning BTW - A public holiday in UK, love it  and dinner tonoght with 2 special people.
Good morning bunnies all over my yard! 
Good morning california. Today should be a really good day and hopefully a great start for my week. Hope everyone has a great day!!! 
Good morning Chicago, I love this city! 
Good morning chimez 
Good morning connecticut. 
Having some twitter trouble this am! I'm on a training call so not the best time to not work on me! 
having some wings for lunch &amp; possibly watching Devil Beside You. -- 2 more pages to go for the essay ! 
having someeee acai green tea 
having spaghetti again! um yummy! n my friend Omega found me here! a Nevadan 
Having steak at angus house... 
Having Sugar Puffs for breakfast &amp; listening to McFly, what a great way to start my day 
having sushi on sunset 
Having TBS blaring on you stereo whilst you play along with your guitar on 4 (NOT 10!!!) kills your ears. But its totally worth it 
Having tea with an aunt I haven't seen for 25 years and I can't believe she hasn't changed a bit! Don't you just hate people like that? 
having the best coffee ever 
Having the best day! Reached my 2 year PR goal today of getting on Sunrise and locked in some serious features for clients. Go me! 
having the best times of my life with berkmuz  i know u won't understand what i mean and you'll never find out.. whatever )))
Having the day off!! Gonna spent my day shopping in Rotterdam  xoxo
having the flag-football team over for an end-season barbecue 
Having the most amazing honeymoon - beach, resort, climbing, and @pigspamster all absolutely stunning. Not even missing the interweb 
having the most amazing time with old friends 
having to watch supernatural on plus one. at least im watching it i guess. good episode as well! 
Having tried to sand the deck by hand last night and using a power sander this morning, I am beginning to appreciate power tools.  
having twhirl ready from my own laptop  yeah!
having twitter is basically talking to yourself..okay im getting wierd. i shall do my projeect!! .. after youtube 
Having TWO Chocolate Thunders!  naughty me!
having warm milk and eating nutella by the spoon...  so good
Having Wawa for dinner. I wish @annafran was here to share my mac &amp; cheese 
Having YET ANOTHER BBQ today  Awesome. Really need to start the job hunt now I've kinda decided what to do .... :S
havingg a deep convo wif someone and no iits not muffin but i wish lol 
Havn the most lazyest day  can't wait 2saturday hair cut &amp; party! Helena is a dick afunny dick but still a dick lol 
havnt been on twitter in a whole 9 days, hate not having my hiptop, home in 11 daysssss yeww 
havnt been shopping with my sister in aggggggggggges cant wait!! 
Hawaiian bread thing pb&amp;j. Yummmmmm. And bunny grahams 
hay and i need a ride literally 6 minutes away! why is this so impossible haha help usss 
Hay we have a lot lot of animal photo my phone is going to die so i will send them to u in a little bit k 
Hay. I should have xbl by next week 
HAYDN'S IS AT 260!!! WHAT IS THIS??? grrr on overachievers. 
Haykuro is off and running again another hero. 
Hayley and Breanna are playing some game involving spitting. Don't know whether to stop the grossness or enjoy the lack of bickering 
Hayley Dewar ft. a warm cup of tea 
hayley said they liked the presents syd and i got them on lj.  hooray! 
Hayley Williams is awesome 
Hayley Williams is looking especially sexy tonight. 
hayya guys, lovin the weather hot hot hot  
hayyy, tanning today 
hayzz.. ! first day of class ! hectic ! 
Hazel Blears has resigned! Cheering news to waken up to. 
HBP tickets are on sale!!! But not where I live. Signed up for an update when they are, though!! 
hbs needs/wants some followers if anyone is game @HellracerOD   TYVM!
Hd nite off frm Twitter 2 avoid all the BG(fuck all)T bullshit! Hd vry nice nite watchn Forgetting Sarah Marshall with Missus @ Red Wine! 
he added new songs 
He apologized for that guy even tho he didnt kno who he was...really amazing...there are decent ppl still left in this world 
He asked me if I did drugs, I said no. He got mad at me for lying. Pot isn't a drug, technically it is an herb or a weed.  *snickers*
he asked me if i like the benz i said u muthaf'n right  he asked me do i wanna ride i said i muthaf'n Drive! lol (random)
He bought me skull candy's !  just wen i needed them 2 . . isn't he the best  x
he called me last night. i didnt know what to say but still the night ended with a smile on my face.  thanks to him.
he called me up before going to sleep :&quot;&gt; he does that once in a coral pink moon. kaya it made my day  landi!
he called my sayang 
He chose me....... wow  thinking about it chokes me up.
He confuses me. Gahhh. 2 days till rockness though  so excited!!!
He did it, he did it, Roger Federer wins Roland Garros!!!!!!!!! He now IS the greatest of all time! Soooo happy about this! 
He didnÂ´t realize he could just say &quot;taza&quot; and get what he needed. 
He does whatever you say! Haha  http://www.subservientchicken.com/
HE DONE IT!!! Well deserved.....Congrats Fed 
He gives me butterflies...... 
he got it from target...kidquotes cards...my favorite...the guy knows how to shop    what a cutie.
he has a girlfriend and didnt said anything:O my friend is on the way to see us again since 2 years 
He hated my writing, so I made him my academic adviser.  
He he, saved 20 bucks, who knew, my sister can cut hair.  http://yfrog.com/eis0gj
He he....did anybody consider voting for the Pyramid Party of India - talk about 'political advice'  http://www.pyramidparty.org/
he is - I love reading but its taken a back seat to kids, TV and Xbox - time for a change 
He is el cute! 
He is perfect  my sunburns are so weird! I am totally motivated for some reason lol
He Is so weird lmao!  I'm lookin to go to sleep again lmao!!!
He is sooo perfect and great!!  Ahhh I can't believe he found me!! 
he Jogging with Lii was perfict! it was warm and the talking was good.  I liked it! let's do that again tomorrow.
good morning disney&lt;3  fun day ahead. fingers crossed i find jack! ;)
good morning england, sunshine, blink 182, kids, lunch with her - perfect days 
good morning europe 
Good Morning Europe  Enjoy your Sunday everyone.
good morning everone feel that positive energy this morning  feeling good
Good morning every( )body  Another day just like yesterday
good morning every1  the girl goes shopping in stuttgart. later that day my boyfriend comes home from italia CEAH..xoxo
Good morning everybody  I am going to meadowhall today to buy shoes. This also means that I am going to look very uncool in TopMan *sigh*
Good Morning Everybody  Wishing You A Gr8 Morning 
good morning everybody . i hope EVERYONE has a wonderful day that is filled with blessings . 
Good Morning everybody and happy Mothers Day!!!! 
good morning everybody hopes they have an incredible day... that God blesses them   
Good morning everybody! 
Good morning everybody! and never forget: tgif! 
good morning everybody! had nightmares from watching the new MGMT video for Kids. getting ready for brunch with the girls. 
Good morning everybody! I'm listening worship, twittering, chatting, drinking coffee... 
Good morning everybody! Sunny out once again not a cloud in the sky 
Good Morning everybody&amp;have a nice day...!  ~&gt; Picture Sezzion in Frankfurt! &lt;3 yipiiiiiie! 
Good morning everybody, I know it's Monday but let's make it a good day 
Good morning everybody. It's a nice sunny day. Get out and enjoy the weather! 
Good morning everybody. Today will be filled with lawn mowing, catching up on a little work, and a nap if at all possible 
Good morning everyone   no school today or tomorrow!
Good Morning Everyone   Running w/ my toaster strudel to catch the bus. Have an awesome Monday!!!
Good Morning Everyone  &amp;&amp; Hello to my New Followers. Dont be strangers! lls
Good morning everyone  62 DAYS ! YAY.
Good morning everyone - a great day to save a life - well or at least do some university stuff 
Good morning everyone - I hope you all had a restful night 
Good morning everyone  It's a nice day #iloveitwhen the sun is shining. And now I'm going to write some stuff 
Good morning everyone  last day today at work.. ahhhh! x
he just left ....so subossedly we have been together  3 yrs and have 18 kids named caserole and  lampost  haha
he knows what i want 
He leaves town and hides little notes throughout the house for me 
he make me laugh 
He makes me smile even when he's so far away!  I'm such a lucky girl 
He may be an attention whore but at least he's funny (and hot  http://bit.ly/2S3xlc
he mite b winning me ovr...lets hope not 
He really loves me!!!  ahahahahahahahaha
He remembered to call me  Big happy face 
he ring was a success 
he said &quot;like you can't walk well because of the baby?&quot; Jeez 
He said he loved my smile!!! (again] 
he said he'll get me a card for my birthday. &amp; its going to be super cool. be jealous  hahahah.
HE SAID IT  HE ACTUALLY SAID IT and I think I'm gonna cry now. &lt;3
HE SAID YES, OMFG OFMG I am go on a online shopping spree 
he should do the shins more often ( in my eyes  )
Good morning everyone  not quite with it today, dreams were hyperreal and so feels like I never slept. C'est la vie 
Good morning everyone  sometime during the night twitter text started working again but i think its kinda laggy :-/
Good morning everyone and hello to all my new followers 
Good Morning Everyone at Twitterville 
Good morning everyone i hope you all have a great day  even though  it is Monday keep on smiling 
Good morning everyone The sun is shinning hope to have a better day then yesterday 
Good morning everyone!   Have a prosperous Day 
Good morning everyone!  How are you all feeling on this beautifully sunny morning?
good morning everyone!  How was your night? I'm up but going back to bed for a bit. Was not feeling well last night. www.JasonAthen.com
Good Morning everyone!  In a MUCH better mood since my last Tweet. I'm only a few pages in and The Secret is already helping! 
Good morning everyone!  It's a sunny day here!
Good morning everyone!  Just about to head off to work!  Will tweet later! Oh, Exam results went up yesterday!  Xxx
Good morning everyone!  Nice to see you today!  Hope you a wonderful and funny day! 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!  Weird ppl keep following me on twitter, wtf? go away! Lady Gaga = fun: http://bit.ly/oOUsU
Good Morning everyone!  xxx
Good morning everyone! @ShippoFoxD haha...sorry for making you a twitter whore! 
Good Morning everyone! Enjoy your day! Thinking of all my tweet friends 
Good morning everyone! Happy #poynterday  I'm not with the right pic yet, but i'm gonna change later. xxx
Good morning everyone! Happy Saturday! 
good morning everyone! hope you al have a lovely sunday!  (and i do hope it doesnt rain tomorrow :|)
Good morning everyone! Hope you have a great day! I'm off to the torch!!! 
Good morning everyone! I hope you take some time to be outside &amp; soak in the beautiful morning before starting work. 
Good morning everyone! I'm pretty sure everything is turning around...quickly.   Hope everyone is having a great day!
good morning everyone! I'm so over my bad day, time for good vibes 
Good morning everyone! Its a beautiful sunny morning here in Aberystwyth Wales, lets hear what's it like with you 
good morning everyone! it's beautiful outside!  make the most of this day!
Good morning everyone! It's time to shower and grab some coffee. 
Good Morning Everyone! Lets have a GREAT day! 
Good morning everyone! Long Day ahead! Have a good one everybody  xoxo
Good morning everyone! Long day ahead, but the design is almost ready 
Good Morning Everyone! Monday morning &amp; it's warm &amp; sunny again 
Good Morning Everyone! My heart is happy and smiling this morning. I hope your's is too 
Good morning everyone! School soon. OTL Hope you guys have fun for me at least...  &lt;3
good morning everyone! school...see you in a bit 
Good morning everyone! The Sun is out again in London 
Good morning everyone! Today is such a lovely day! It's going to be hot one today, so stay cool 
Good Morning Everyone! Very windy here today! Wishing you an inspirational and productive Monday 
Good morning everyone!!  Get right into the weekend while eating your fried eggs with this tune: http://blip.fm/~7nywr
Good morning everyone!! DC isn't all that sunny today, but it's still a good day! Don't let precipitation get you down!  
Good morning everyone!! Have a nice day 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!! I HOPE THAT U HAVE A NICE DAY!!! 
good morning everyone!!! soo,noww i got 4 hours sleep.  yaay! &amp; now,im waiting for someone to go online.&amp;no school!!
Good Morning Everyone!!!! 
Good Morning everyone!!!! / Bueos Dias  
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!!! DID U ALL HAVE DREAMS AS SWEET AS ME? 
Good Morning Everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a stunning day!! 
Good morning everyone, and happy Saturday! I hope y'all have a great day today, I know I will. ^_~ Heading down to San Diego! Yay!! 
Good Morning everyone, another beautiful morning. 
Good morning everyone, how are you all? 
Good morning everyone, i feel wrecked again today! But at least i'm in JS land today 
Good Morning Everyone, The weather seems nice today. 
Good Morning everyone.  It's Tuesday realm maint. day.  Patch day?  I guess I will see once I get home from work.  
Good morning everyone.  Let the Sunshine in 
he stated slow but seems to have picked up a bit 
He sure is rockin.. i'm plannin to watch all 3 this weekend.. Saw Black pearl yst.. 
He takes my breath away, and I love him 
he tried hard... but failed of course 
he used to hate that 
He wants to spend more time with me 
He who believes in ME will never thirst  thank you Jesus
He who laugh last thinks slowest 
He who laughs last thinks slowest! 
He will be here in less than hour 
he will be mine 
He&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;@emeraldkreshe is about to be up on that to cuz i know he will b on that ... on the daily like the others 
Head feel sooo much better today. 
Good morning everyone. I'm happii again with Carmen. I LOVE YOU BABY! 
Good morning everyone. It's 9:45 on my clock.  Have a nice day. 
Good morning everyone. Looks like a great day, it's warm and sunny and I'm looking at pics of the new apartment right now. 
good morning everyone. my cough has improved  still watchin supernatural. i loooooove it.
Good morning everyone. Sending one off to AOL for posting. Working on another for Global Grind. Hitting DC in a little bit. Stay tuned 
Good morning everyone. Such a wonderful it will be. Everyone celebrate the national holiday w. me, also known as my birthday! 
Good morning everyone. Welcome new followers! Hope you all had a nice weekend. 
good morning evryoneeeeeeeee!!!!! 
good morning fam... I hope you have a blessed and productive day 
Good Morning Fellas! Hv a blessed &amp; productive day!!  @lyricsings @btaylrd @lolife4life @bassiceight @bassicallyb @darrylwoodson
Good morning fellow Tweeters! Hope everyone rested well. 
Good morning Flagstaff  Just arrived.. Chill out a bit before headn to the jobby-job
Good morning flippin twitterverse! 
Good Morning folks -- It's twitter time again...  
good morning folks  working on rollout + my sunburn still killsâ€”anyone know where I can get some passionflower oil?
good morning folks.. I am up early compared to my time that I get up on saturdays!! ;-) reason=i slept really early... 
Good Morning Freakz! 
Good Morning friends! Rainy, rainy day in Chicago. Wish I could just stay home and read! But lots to do! 
good morning friends!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Good morning friends. Happy May Bank Holiday. 
Good morning from Dublin - thanks to everyone for the new follows 
good morning from Mauritius to all twitters following me   a ray of sunshine to you!  have a great sunday
good morning from Norway here, 11:21 am 
Good morning from the 206 
Head hittin pillow now... Good night twitties 
head hurts! but i shall live on.. listeing to the land before time 
head in the clouds is now my favourite shop. chiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiillled. 
head out to outlet later 
good morning germany  Today I will go to the open air with friends 
Good morning Germany!!!!  Still bored ;(
Good Morning good old Germany - I wanna say hello to New York.  I'm not in love. . .not really.
Good Morning good people of Tweeterville!!! I hope you all had a great nights sleep! 
Good morning Guildford! Off to see the Castle today and walk around this lovely place in the sunshine w/ @HoL9142. I am on HOLIDAY! 
good morning guys  another day...
Good morning guys!  
Good morning guys!! 
good morning have a nice day 
good morning here's to a week filled with fun 
GOOD MORNING HONEYDEWS! 
Good Morning I just woke up so it's morning to me 
Good morning ICT! Happy Mother's Day shout out. Sorry we got such crappy weather for it. Think sunny Bahamas ALL day today. Kthx. 
good morning i'm going to reforma avenue to ride my bycicle 
Good morning in Twitterville. Off to work I go...Chat @ all of u later 
Good morning Italy!       Italy= 8.20 a.m.
Good morning its a lovely day here today 
Good morning jdzca.  At least it will get up to mid 60's today... But it was very chilly this morning. 
Good Morning June 
Good Morning June!  That's a very nice, sunny, start.
Good morning kids! I feel gross but i know my parents are gonna make me go to church anyway  sweet, sweet jesus
Good morning kids!!! it's freezing outside... 
Good morning Kuwait 
good morning ladies!  Beautiful day so far! Yay!
Good morning last day of being 14, and how are you today? 
Good morning little star on my shoulder! I thought it would hurt cause I sleep on that side but nope! 
Good morning london 
Good Morning London Town. Time to get those legs out girls  Love, Love, Love this City!
Good morning Los Angeles  Now I need a coffee first 
Good Morning Lovelies  its 7 am and I am UP  My only day I have to work is a Tuesday until I find another job!!!
good morning lovelys ! I hope everyone has/having a blessed Sunday 
Good morning lovers 
good morning lovers! off to the zoo with spawn today 
good morning luvlies! 
Good morning Malta  sending some tweets to all of you about Muovo's job vacancies. Tweet us back.  http://bit.ly/11TP5h
good morning Manchester 
good morning monday 
Good Morning Mothers    My Back Hurts Today. Couldnt Sleep in
Good Morning Mothers  My Back Hurts Today. Couldnt Sleep in http://ff.im/2LlMe
Good Morning Mrsjonesaxle!! 
Good morning my 12 followers 
Good Morning my beautiful folks! Have a FANTABULOUS day!!! 
Good Morning My Fabulous Twitters!!!  Ready 4 anotha crazy day!!!
good morning my fellow twitterers! 
GOOD MORNING MY LADYS and Jon lol! 
good morning my little sunshines. the weather seems to hold high hopes. have a wonderful day. 
Good morning my little twitternut squashes   How are you all today? whats the weather like where you are?
good morning my twitterfuls  I am down for another exciting day....I've caught up on all your twits and i am info packed Bree xx
good morning my twittie birds on my way to exercise 
Good morning Nebraska! Happy Monday and all that 
Good morning new followers. nice to meet you all. My tweets are about my life and my networking businesses. Hope that will interest you 
Good Morning Normally I would have woken up in a Hotel near Landgraaf this morning, but this year Brown couldn't pull it, so home it is! 
good morning nuremberg...sun is shining. I've got a day off from university*great* checking out biggest breakfast brunch today 
good morning of work ... completion of this project is soooo close. 
Good Morning on this beautiful Sunday 
Good morning on this Fabulous #FollowFriday. Follow @PolkMoA ï¿½ Polk Museum of Art. BECAUSE itï¿½s the Polk Museum of Art.  &lt;-- chipper smile
Good morning one and all, hope you've enjoyed yourselves over the glorious weekend. 
good morning one and all. woke up after 4 hours of sleep and now staring at the lake. its so pretty out here and pnly half hour from home 
good morning or good afternoon everyone. 
good morning out there. up early, leaving for vegas! 
good morning peeps! trying to get over seeing probably the most confusing film yesterday THX 1138, god that was a total mind**** 
good morning people 
good morning people  ..new day ..the sun is shining .... today ..the longest day of my life ... wait @ school 5 hours for and exam :|
good morning people! Did u already have breakfast? Remember to have a good one. Regards from Alicante, San Vicente Raspeig. 
good morning people! feeling good &amp; raring to go......welcome to my new followers looking forward to a meaning full dialog 
Good Morning people!!!My new era began soon 
good morning people, well officially NZ has now got its very own 30stm tribute band  Me - singer, my new echelon buddy on drums...
good morning people.  
Good morning people. Dad gave me a lift to school. Wee. 
Good Morning people. Its a lovely day. I'm off in to town with Karn at 12.30. I won the Karen Barber signed pic on the tndtalk auction  x
Good morning people. Jeez only 3 days of school left. 1st day of finals, got math &amp; scripture. Ah! Wish me luck 
good morning ppl  how are you today 
Good morning ppl shout outz to my new followers and thanx for the love  lol
Good morning ppl! 
Good morning ppl!! I have had a great good night sleep! 
good morning pumpkins!! have a PROSPEROUS day!!! 
good morning rainy morning everyone! The sun is suppose to be out later though 
Good morning Safettes!!  Thank the Lord it is Friday!!  I can't wait to get my eyes on an issue of SOD and see Sami and her man Rafe!!  
Good morning sitting bed eating froot loops and watching the hills 
Good morning Slovenia  2nd day of #phpkonferenca at 10.00 AM
Good morning so far. Got to the gym and just had a yummy omlette and some grapes. Yep... good morning 
Good Morning Soggy Minions...major thunder storm last night  Garden loved it.
Good morning star shine, the earth says hello  Happy Hump Day!
Good morning starshine, the earth says hello! 
Good morning starshine. The earth says hello! 
Good morning sunshine  or clouds actually
Good morning sunshine the earth says hello.  )
Good Morning Sunshine! Bring on the warm rays 
Good morning sunshine, I just want to sleep 
Good morning sunshine. 
good morning sunshine. haha. 
good morning sunshines  http://bit.ly/18NVCj
Good morning sunshines  I'm on FB-do you know I had 70 notifications and 38 emails? Blazing Lights today! I gotta shower, I smeel bad xD
Good Morning Sunshines! 
Good Morning Sunshines! I'm up early for work but I get off at 1pm to head home for my brother's graduation. 
Good morning sunshines! So much to do today  But if I hurry through the cleaning part-I get more of the fun! So let the chore list begin!
Headache gone  Got an exciting day planned - had better get my arse out of bed.
Headache, but I'll fix that soon. Leaving in about an hour 
Headache. Work. Tacos. Love Making. 
headaches need to qo take a mother fuckinq hike &amp;never come back dude! booThanqs tryna kick it  hes so LoveLy! i think im qonna, eheh.
Headed 2 Islands of Adventure...it is SO hot!!! Can't wait 2 ride Spiderman  I love that ride!
HEADED 2 MY ROMANTIC GETAWAY... 
Headed 2 the game  Hope it goes better today then the last one!! LOL!
Good morning Texas!  http://twitpic.com/5ortk
Good morning thespians a bright and sunny day in UK, Spring at last 
Good Morning to All   Drinking my Verve, and Packing my orders of sales I made last night, while I slept! I love my Job!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL  #BSB
good morning to all  http://plurk.com/p/xagjh
Good Morning To all &amp; To All My Followers Thanks 
good morning to all and a powerful day 
Good Morning to all my UK Tweeples! 
Good Morning to all on this rainy day.  Getting ready to do the MS walk.  Wish me luck.  I hope I can finish 
Good morning to all!!  I'm ordering my DSLR camera today.  
Good Morning to all!! I'm still on a 'geek high' from watching the new Star Trek movie yesterday.My inner geek was giddy the whole time! 
Good Morning to everbody     In an hour a will meet me with my best friend...and that means a lot of fun  ;-)
good morning to every fuckin people out there  well the summer is over now, welcome autumn!
good morning to everyone! first day of the week and new interns are popping up in the office 
Good Morning to everyone!!! 
good morning to everyone!!!!!!!! 
Good Morning to my far-away friends - didn't mean to be rude 
Good morning to my new followers. Esp those Oxon Hill Clippers! Selita and PJ... What up?!?!  
Good Morning to my West Coast Tweople and good Afternoon to my east coast tweeps...  
Good Morning to the World of Tweets 
good morning to the world, its sunny here, hope its sunny wherever you are ??!!   
good morning to you all! 
Good morning to you all! I am on day 3 of a new diet, supplement free!! I AM ALREADY SEEING RESULTS!!! 
Good Morning to you all. its guna be a good day today 
good morning to you, good morning to you--we're all in our places with bright shining faces...Good morning tweeters! 
good morning today is the big day!! gÃ¶ttingen!! 
Good Morning T-town. My day has officially started. Have a Blessed Monday! im in studio til 1 
good morning tumblr  http://tumblr.com/xko1yt4d9
Good Morning tweepers! 
Good Morning Tweeple! 
good morning tweeple. either going not going to church or with mr.dawg or kyr. sean faris is so 
Good Morning Tweeple...it's Lunes once again and I'm at this job trying to get it in!  Work Hard to Play Harder!!  LOL 
Good Morning Tweeples! I hope today is a great day for you 
Good Morning Tweeps 
Good Morning Tweeps  Happy Saturday!
Good morning tweeps !!! 
good morning tweeps!  coffee, i need you...
Good morning tweeps!  Hope your day seems as good as mine is ;) !!
Good morning tweeps! Happy Sunday 
Good morning tweeps,running late 4 work..blasting soul 4 real-candyrain..definately song of the day 
Good morning Tweeps. Army Jumps On Twitter Bandwagon, Tells Some Personnel To Tweet Off ~ http://tiny.cc/lUiWf   Great For Soldiers! 
Good morning tweeps. I trust everyone will be getting their big whiskey on today 
good morning tweeps.. waiting for my breakfast bagel Mmmmm... and an oj 
Good Morning tweet friends... 
Good morning tweeters -- Happy Mothers Day !! I have the best mom, I am lucky 
Good morning tweeters  What a beautiful day! 
Good morning tweeters it's a beautiful day in sunny FL. GoiNg to head out for some breakfast 
Good morning tweeters! 
Good Morning tweeters! Beautiful day....Thinking of taking the family to the zoo!  Getting REALLY excited for Paris!  Oh lala!
Good Morning tweetfolks - it's a rainy start in St.Louis..   everyone have a good day 
Good morning tweethearts  Just got off from the shower, gonna fix my hair now ;D
Good Morning Tweethearts have a great day today!! Don't forget to give ya shoutout to the Man up Top!! 
Good morning Tweethearts! Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms. You have the hardest job in the world..u r appreciated. Be blessed! 
Good morning tweethearts, happy June 
Good morning tweetiebugs! Ah awake, refreshed, and ready for anything that comes my way!  Wake up! rise &amp; shine!!!
good morning tweeties 
headed back to the queen city then going for a greenway run 
headed down to sew &amp; watch my #redwings online ... jeez, i don't miss cable at all!  
headed dt! 
Headed for a home cash game, tryin to make some money 
Headed for step class. I hope I can survive it.  
Headed for the Keys in a few days with the husband! Thanks God for grandparents to watch our sweetie. 
Headed home earlier today! 
Headed home from Brooklyn; bueno dayy 
Headed home from my weekend of fishing,camping, and no cell service  perfect! Everyone caught fish but mine was the biggest and tasted yum
Headed home to have a low key Saturday evening...I think. 
Headed home to Orlando. 
Headed home! Church was awesome! Can't believe my Tyler got confirmed. Love him! 
Headed home. Had such a great time. It's nice to have friends who can pick up like normal after a long time apart 
headed o02 dha school 2 see @kiwibabyyy dance  ; then party- â™« by @djsaucyp &amp; @djska [I think dhats his paqe lol]
Headed out of the house with the little one....I hope everyone has a wonderful Wednesday!! The week is almost over!! 
Headed out of town for the weekend with Momma and Daddy 
Headed out the door for my last full week of work!   WOO HOO!
Headed out the door for some NIN/JA action.  It's gonna be a looong loud night.  
Headed out to Record Store day and the to see the Golden Dragon Acrobats and then to pick up comics and then to pick up some spare kids 
headed out to Rye in a bit...ah, LOVE the beach! 
Headed out to see a movie and then later, going to the Ranger's Game for my birthday. 
Headed out to see George Strait at the brand new Cowboy Stadium. Should be pretty rockin. Be jealous. Be very jealous. 
Headed out to surgery... going under for my procedure... will catch up w/ you guys when I'm able to... â?¤ Thanks for all of your prayers 
Good morning Tweeties!  Up early -------&gt;--------&gt;--------&gt; sleep walking &quot;Must have coffee - Must have coffee&quot;.......... 
Good Morning tweeties! I'm off to make coffee and get ready for the day, tweet you all later 
Good Morning Tweetland! 
good morning tweets gotta go take care of my baby, pick up my mommy and hang out with the besties geeeee 
Good morning tweets have another day of work. Have great day! 
Good morning tweets!  Happy Sunday. 
Good morning Tweets!  I see that many of you checked out the unique wedding gift ideas in Episode 3, Part 2 at WeddingWire.tv.  
Good morning tweets! Busy day 2day. Lets get alot done 
Good morning tweets! Hope you have a wonderful day 
Good morning Tweets! It's June 1st; can you believe it? Hope everyone had a great weekend! 
Good morning tweets! Looks like it's gonna rain... reach up and grab your blessings that i pray pain down on you today 
Good Morning tweets! New day and new outlook on things in my life... 
Good morning tweets!! Getting ready for a day out!! 
Good Morning Tweets, I like lazy sundays 
Good Morning Tweets.. I'm still under the covers and my eyes are barely and I'm already working  Happy Tuesday
GOOD MORNING TWEETS.....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIE'S 
Good morning tweetz off to wrk..kind of dnt feel like it but its abut me progessin n I am!!  thinkin abut him, Morning @onlydeshanda
good morning tweople 
Good morning tweople! I am looking forward to yet another day of SharePoint writing and research 
Good morning twetterheads! Time to make this day great 
good morning twiddles 
Good morning twiggas! Hope everyone enjoys this beautiful sunny day 
Good morning twiggass! It is ALREADY O D hot outside...wowww..... hope everyone has a great Monday 
Good morning twit-bugs  -- gettn ready for my day today; listen to keyshia cole .. &quot;Make me over&quot; !!--
Good morning Twitfam 
headed outta work to get my trip to Atlanta on the road 
headed to @xclaviclex's house and then to hollywood -- enjoy ur night guys 
headed to 24 on calvine for a work out with @cesuh and @glenngacilan. come join us! 
Headed to a baby shower. Party, party, party all weekend! It's been fun. 
Headed to a bonfire 
Headed to a couple of art museums 
headed to a couples session rocking out to Milli Vanilli. Yeah I said it. 
Headed to anderson.. Happy graduation joshie! 
headed to bed to pick around for a few hours before sleep 
headed to bed, back to work tonight 
Headed to bed. Good night  sleep tight
Headed to bed. I have a BIG day tomorrow in OKC with EYB!!!! YAY! 
Headed to bed...not to sleep......  Gotta put my new piercing to use......
headed to bedddd  just want things to get better. ahhhh
headed to Bellefontaine Rotary Club meeting with @Carly_FTS to ASSIST her in speaking about Social Media 
headed to broken  yolk! 
headed to chicago for a great week 
Headed to DC for the weekend and then off to NYC!!!! Can't wait to see my bff!!!!  
Headed to Des Moines with Scott for the weekend. 
headed to f21 there til closing. visit me? 
headed to Gainesville for poolside drinks with my little 
headed to Galveston. 
Headed to get food and a movie with ther boyfriend 
Headed to grannys house! 
Headed to Hackberry LA and the Creole Trail. GLAD to be out of TX. 
Headed to hang with brother and his friends - should be interesting 
headed to krogers....cooking is my therapy 
Headed to Lavender Graduation 
headed to Lawton with Mom! 
Headed to mangos 
headed to mississippi to see my nanny for mothers day  its going to be a great day!
Headed to Mitchell-Neilson for the Science Olympiad assembly 
Headed to MoTown to get the rest of my stuff. Marshall is official 
Headed to my LAST day @ The Line.  It's def gonna be weird...
headed to new jersey to check out rosetta east and witness the greatness that IS practice wars! 
Headed to old Sac with Jim for dinner...good thing, I'm hungry! I love the chocolate covered pretzels down there 
Headed to Portage Lake for some blue gill. 
Headed to raouls for dinner. Yummm. 
Headed to rehearsal 
Headed to some grad parties!! Yaay! 
Headed to Stevie's Cafe in Encino, CA for some great food and music! 
Headed to tap class tonight and then pilates tomorrow 
Headed to the &quot;Bama Jam!&quot; 
Headed to the airport to pick up Ethan...no work today holla! 
Headed to the bank to exchange dollars for euros. 3 days 'till France!! 
headed to the bbq w. @enychuck they missin our presence 
Headed to the club with my cousins and my brother. I am having the best time! 
Headed to the flower shop with Mom. 
headed to the gym  gonna tlk to a personal trainr to see how i can get fit!! or more fit or wutever lolz
Headed to the gym!! 
Headed to the gym!!! Can't wait! 
Headed to the gym!!! Getting an early start on EXERCISE!! 
Headed to the hot topic in northwoods mall to see if they will sponsor the rollerderby. 
headed to the lake...fun in the sun and lotsss of wakeboarding!! AHHHH 
Headed to the mall. Beautiful day here in Atlanta 
Headed to the Old Port Festival with my baby girl...  time for some sun, fun and good times... See ya round... .text me if ya want ...
Headed to the rink... Ready to kick some men's league ass! lol   hope u G's had good Monday! 
headed to the state meet  byyyee twitterland..
headed to West Palm Beach with Kree!!! 
Headed to West Virginia for @chocolatebear's wedding! Congrats Mike &amp; Misha! 
Headed to work ya 
Headed to work. Running a bit slow this morning. Its going thp be a good day though... determined.  coming up, gas then work!
headed up to dinner w/ the summer family.  Chef Mike's cookin' 
Headin back to Jersey for a few days. Loved the last few nights in NYC! Much love to the NY, Chi, &amp; CA famz. Now it's LAKER time!! 
headin back to the house. twas a pretty good day. 
Headin back to Vegas soon. Trips home r never long enough. I covered all my bases though   http://twitpic.com/6rkb9
Headin downtown 
Headin home...had a blast at main event 
Headin off to school, then to my interview...wish me luck 
Headin' out 2 pick up my LAKERS CHAMPIONSHIP apparel &amp; den hittin' d B-BALL court! Den off 2 d studio 4 my session. SEE Y'ALL @ D PARADE! 
HEADiN OUT FOR A DAY WiT THA MOMZ!!  
Headin' out soon for a fun filled day of drinking and singing 
headin' out to sullivans island for a meeting on the beach... 
Headin to Auburn with James to get my furniture  FiNALLY!!
headin to bed -- early night for meee 
Headin to bed with the wee one ... Feel better aiden 
Headin' to bed. Glad to have another day off tomorrow. 
Headin' To Da' Boro!! Enuff Said!! 
Headin' to Landmark bookstore to see Jeffery Archer. Meeting @sahilk there. After, we're goin' to hrc with @tarunmarkose n @ashwinuae 
headin' to louisville 
Headin to Mimi's Cafe in Gilroy for lunch 
Headin to my fav spot, Glendale galleria&amp;americana! Gonna go dress shopping! It's a beautiful day in LA 
headin to new york tomorrow for the day! can't wait! 
Headin to ronalds house heard that alvin brought his homies 
headin to the Airport!!! 
Headin to the concert 
Headin to Utah at about 6pm 2night damn im so excited cant wait to see him 
Headin up to dublin in the aiden gig.. 
Heading 2 @bayshorecc to print out my grades 4 my 1st quarter of grad school so the hospital will pay for it!  One of the perks of my job.
heading back from watching the boys fish off of the Coronado Ferry pier. Fun w/ the family. Tess, thought of you! 
Heading back home from serdang now. Wonderful+delicious dinner we had today 
Heading back home, just did math exam, went good  5 exams to go pffft
Heading back now bitches 
heading back out to the balcony to snail ;)  Sending some happy mail out this coming week  
Heading back to camp now!!  PAY DAY!
Heading back to Manila. Had a very good day at Tagaytay with Dad, Mom, uncles, and aunties. 
Heading back to my lil vacation spot. 
Heading back to otown to see my rockstar boyfriend tonight at Backbooth. To Orlando fam: COME!! 
Heading back to work tomorrow.  Going to enjoy my last day of my mini-vacation. 
heading back to wrok after a huge weekend....great party Saturday night...thanks Janet 
heading back too work 
Heading down the south coast today, shall get some pics on the slr 
heading down to Sea Isle City for a grad party. Thank God for the great weather 
Heading down to the lake with fambam. 
heading downtown to do some sr pics for a foreign exchange student from germany! yay!  {thinking of u, @brcphoto }
heading for boozy lunch  Must stimulate the economy.
heading for dinner with AV and she wants a dimsums. Chinese. Again 
heading home  .. finally 
Heading home  Thankful 4 my girls!! Kyla's on her way over with some homemade chicken foot soup  that should def help 
Heading home after a fun day of duck, goose and nephew chasing 
heading home early on a Monday 
heading home early today 
Heading home for a day off then D.C. 
Heading home for all of one night before i have to be back in town at 8:45 in the morning. Then dance recital all week! 
Heading home from an overall good night on my part! 
Heading home from Chicago! Thank you IL &amp; Chicago YRs for a great time! I shall return! 
Heading home from dinner at Chili's. Was good 
Heading home from Lake San Antonio where I had no cell coverage or acess to technology all weekend. It was great 
Heading home from work early have class @ 7 am   then after school going to see and look for another job! maybe in a club this time
Heading home from work... it's the second weekend during this week. 
Heading home from xkeys then to the five 
Heading home in five. 
Heading home now. 1hr and 15 mins today. I'm telling you, that 5 Hour Energy is a miracle worker 
Heading home soon to go to bed &amp; sleep until the kids get off the bus @ 4! Only 1 more day of school after today!! Yay for summer break! 
heading home today for easter break  my parents don't think i'll be home til thursday, so what a surprise!
Heading home, then sleep 
Heading home. me and mom just went to the store. got a new straightener. 
Heading home. Rileys first car ride! Shes sleeping 
Heading home..good mini vacation 
Heading inside the studio now! 
Heading into kings x for tapas and cocktails 
Heading into the kitchen to create a terrific dinner..... 
Heading into the office. Enjoying how sports radio is kissing LAKERS BOOTY    Mr D-Note @ Facebook or Twitter.com/frankydent
heading into Toronto in a bit,...  going to the Olde Spaghetti Factory for dinner.  mmmmmmmmmmmm.
Heading into work and then going to the Dbacks game after I get off 
Heading into work. I've watched a couple of @coollike videos so I don't kill any customers. 
heading minnesota at 7pm.. life is what you make of it kids! 
heading north on the turnpike to orlando... disney's animal kingdom for a bit... then beers at epcot...  http://short.to/9y8m
Heading off for my last day of school 
Heading off to another of our stores soon to get more stock 
Heading off to bed. 
Heading off to Orlando to see what my new life is going to be like 
Heading off to sleep now and I leave you all with a video to piss yourselves laughing with Night!!!  http://tinyurl.com/pbg848
Heading off to the gun range to learn about shooting. Later doing makeup on a friend! I love doing these extremes all in one day 
Heading off to work now.  I can't wait to see the &quot;Land of the Lost&quot; opening tonight with Ashley!!  She's so awesome 
Heading off to work..feels great to say that 
Heading off to yoga class. What a beautiful sunshiny day!! 
heading out 
heading out  need the exercise.
Heading out 4 a luau &amp; mai tai's...time 2 put on our hula skirts &amp; show 'em how we shake it in Texas!! 
Heading out for a night on the town with my favorite lady! 
Heading out for a quick 20 mile spin to keep my legs loose for tomorrow century 
Heading out for a walk and breakfast. Have a GREAT day, ALL! 
heading out for dinner and drinks.....what a lovely sunday evening! 
Heading out for mma class 
Heading out for more drink 
Heading out for my first day at my internship 
heading out for Sharfest 2009  http://tiny.cc/TaWiq
heading out for the day....hope its a good one 
heading out for work, networking, and then home for another shoot  keep em comin !
heading out shopping today. Mom is boring some money from me to do so. I get it may May 28th/first week of June. Big bucks for me. 
heading out to (a long)band practice. last one before our first show on Saturday night. Hope it's a good one  http://digg.com/u12MIW
Heading out to @connexionlines for some jam time - great worship band -come check'em out tomorrow 
Heading out to @junction49 volunteer celebration event today - can't wait! #charitytuesday indeed 
Heading out to a bday party with D 
Heading out to buy some snowboarding gear 
heading out to CA where the waether looks sunny 
heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food. 
heading out to dinner with my mommy and family but cant figure out what to wear dont you wish magic existed at times like this hehe 
Heading out to do a relay in the Belfast marathon 
Heading out to find inspiration. It's much more fun in the sun 
Heading out to get ready for Otaku Bowl at 2.  See you all there 
heading out to go shoppingggggggggg  (SUMMAHHHHHHHH)
heading out to italian restaurant for dinner 
Heading out to Karen &amp; Dennis' house with Mom &amp; Dad for Pool-Side Fun &amp; Tony Awards...yay! 
Heading out to lunch!  On parole for an hour- work release program!  I'm pink 
Heading out to my bro Saeed's place with Dad for a good 'ok fashioned cookout! 
Heading out to PA with Katy and Dominique hope this goes well 
heading out to philly to the Please Touch Museum.   Free admission to museums for Bank of America cardholders first weekend of the month!
Heading out to review some great home decor shops in Round Rock, TX today, should be fun 
Heading out to see family for a while 
Heading out to shop for prom dresses!    See ya...
Heading out to the beach 
Heading out to the golf course for my first game of golf EVER 
Heading out to the show.  Mom is set up with Phishtube and the twitterfall on her fabulous Mac 
heading out to the valley...weapon of choice? Nikon D90 
Heading out with Son # 3 and hanging with the horses for a bit. Night! 
Heading out with the Aussies for some shopping and sight-seeing, followed by some Kansas City BBQ for lunch.  
Heading out!  Home to relax and read
Heading out! ! ! Loving these SUNNY days! ! ! ! 
Heading over to @altitudesky! Love that they're on twitter 
Heading over to @mayandal fale  love these people
Heading over to Facebook for a while. Later tweeple! Gotta share some love w/ them too. Also, I feel a blog post coming today! 
Heading over to my next meeting. Leaving to California thurs 
Heading over to the lifestyle photoshoot... nice change from the office... and I get to see my max 
Heading over to the malone's for a BBQ and some family time 
heading over to the PC to watch the indoor soccer game 
Heading over to the Taste of Asia festival after @mayoroflondon said it was &quot;scrumptious&quot;. 
heading over to Tim's to have a very nice evening 
Heading studio tomorrow &amp; knowing album recording is nearly done, happy and sad at the same time! But mostly happy 
heading to #subzero09 in San Jose for cool art &amp; good music. 
heading to @fuckmeitsashley 's house for movies 
Heading to @rivercc for discussion on technology and worship! ï¿½ber excited and hopeful for great discussion. Maybe I'll tweet highlights 
heading to @SunSets_Fringe with @EmilylScott, yes thats right Channel 7 programing im stealing my friend back! you can have her tomorrow 
heading to a 4-hour Database Class! I guess that would be the last class of my undergrad studies 
heading to a bruch date  then off to celebrate my broskis 28th bday. DAYUM
Heading to a garden cocktail party. 
Heading to a rager 
Heading to Balai Samudera Gading for a wedding and chilling at blackcat after 
Heading to bed after a long day of running around with my sweet nephew. 
Heading to bed busy day ahead! Lots of fun laundry to do (insert irratated face here) Good night everyone 
heading to bed now  night
Heading to bed soon cuz im bored...My friends / family are my life   I just wish I knew either way.....
heading to bed twitter-world... goodnight 
Heading to bed, may God Bless you all BIG  Jesus loves you!
Heading to bed, night 
Heading to bed. Going up to Erie for a while tomorrow to check out the new apartment and move stuff in 
Heading to bed. I have an online class starting tomorrow(today)! 
Heading to bed. I think I'll read for a bit, propped up on fluffy pillows. 
heading to bed. productive day at work today and another good workout. night night all 
Heading to bed. Tomorrow is my FAVORITE day. . . PAYDAY! 
Heading to bed. Watched a movie and now I'm tired! Can't wait to see bus kids tomorrow  They make me smile!
Heading to bed..  Sweet Dreams of me..  
Heading to bed.. Night tweeps 
heading to bed... big day tomorrow. 
heading to bed; goodnight 
Heading to bedfordshire if my stuffy nose will let me sleep! Big day tomorrow! Squeaky's getting her 1st pair of proper shoes 
Heading to Bill's for breakfast with the Realmac crew 
heading to burgess falls for the day ...enjoying the nice weather 
HEADING TO CAMP  be home Saturday 
Heading to Carnardo's after work to get my case of wine and drink a refreshing glass. 
Heading to chill in the WLV train room. Did a few small MK rides, but no real waits. Just a lot of energy stealing heat. 
heading to Chi-town...love the new Silverlight based Live Search page 
heading to church 
heading to church for gamenight! 
heading to church... playing keys this morning 
Heading to church...Lakers won!! A good day. 
heading to cinema later. 
heading to crawfish festival at fairgrounds in Augusta, NJ...any other twitterers heading over? 
Heading to CROSSPOINT for worship!!!!  
Heading to da gym... hope ya&quot;ll are enjoying this BEAUTIFUL day!  XOXO
Heading to eat dinner with my older brother! He's taking me out to eat before I leave for AUS to say farewell 
heading to foster to see mom at auction and go to px. still a sunny day. 
Heading to Hamilton to see Art of Dying show at Copps   See ya there!
heading to have some italian dinner with some old family friends 
Heading to Heat Lounge in OC 2nite for a drink or 2 ... Well maybe 3 or 4 
Heading to hockey buddy's bachelor party... I'm bringing the milk and cookies... 
Heading to home 
Heading to ImagineRIT today. 
Heading to la to go eat tacos in a bit lol 
heading to LA tomorrow at 5 am! im so excited!!!......hmmmm is it possible i might meet somebody?!?! idk but we'll see!!!!! 
heading to Laguna Beach......NOW. 
Heading to Muncie all day ~Emilie~  
Heading to my first day of summer class (human physiology). Been looking forward to it. Committee thinks I'm crazy. I like new classes. 
heading to my niece's ballet recital. what a dedicated uncle I am. 
Heading to my sister's for dinner. Mom cooked rabbit. YUCK! I'm having pork chops... 
Heading to new york. Text or call me. Any one 
Heading to ntuc at jurong point to grab some veges. I think im going to cook vege soup today for my dinner 
Heading to NYC for the day. 
Heading to olive garden for birthday dinner with the fam!!  thanks everyone for all my sweet messages! 
heading to Orillia for the day, sometimes you just need some fresh air and to get the hell ouf of dodge!   Enjoy the latest vids!1 &lt;3
Heading to Orlando for Lauren's Bachelorette party! Universal Studios, hopefully some Margaritaville, and Nelly in concert! 
Heading to Osborne with the babesicle strapped to my back 
Heading to Paris to go watch cyrano de Bergerac!!! Been waiting 2 months for this! So excited  all dressed up too!
heading to pennsylvania in exactly a month!!! 
Heading to Perth to meet with Chris Webb, Head of Education. Bumped into @arossvoll at Queen st - hope everyone has a good day at MIICE 
Heading to preach at Indian Trail Sunday and then on to Louisville for a week to see Emma Grace and Maddy! Oh, Jon and Ashley too  Luv U!!
Heading to Rice's market tomorrow for the first time. I hope it's as good as Cowtown used to be 
heading to Rox's big day. i knew she was excited. 
heading to salamanca tmr ! okay time to tweet back at you guys 
Heading to SEATTLE, July...5 shows @Jazz Alley! 
Heading to see Land Of The Lost......Tweet Ya'll later 
Heading to senci, gna hv dinner n watch a muvee wif a cousin ahaha  hmm thinkin abt a present for jov's bday on monday..
Heading to senior breakfast  hopefully its yummy yummy good
Heading to Tanto park, join me 
Heading to the Austin Aztex season opener against Minnesota Thunder. Looks like great weather for the match. 
Heading to the beach w/the boy  gmornin t-lambs!
Heading to the beach with the boyfriend!  such a beautiful day...
Heading to the city for the night 
Heading to the Comcast Center for the Catwalk Classic. Hope to see y'all there 
Heading to the convention center soon...hoping the day goes well. We'll wait and see. If you've got my number feel free to txt me. 
Heading to the cruise terminal. I can text til 7 or 8 tonight, so do it  450 4917 !
Heading to The Fig Cafe 
heading to the firm picnic. dragging @bishpls with me 
Heading to the gym and happy about it 
Heading to the gym for Pilates and Cardio Hip Hop 
Heading to the gym- have to work off the ice cream from yesterday. 
Heading to the gym!  Then to work  #fb
Heading to the house for a little rest before our @blogstomp trip to Cali. Gonna go take some #hold em $ From @Becker 
Heading to the Ice Bar in Sydney 
Heading to the in-law's for BBQ and swimming!  In-law are gone till the 18th!    #fb
Heading to the Lake! 
Heading to the mall, then to Publix for some food for the week... maybe grill salmon tonight 
Heading to the office then hopefully hangin with da kwasny 
heading to the park now 
Heading to the pool with @jimmygraham! 
Heading to the preachers house for breakfast  yum yum  Michelle~JM09
heading to the St. Lawrence Market for the first time in ages, then trying on my wedding dress 
Heading to the STL Zoo with @CSwann1776, hubby if you didn't know.    So excited the rain has stayed away, thus far!!!!
Heading to the TWILIGHT drive-in TONIGHT  *yes that's it's real name-2bad twi&amp;NM weren't summer releases-but eclipse is supposed to be*
heading to the world famous san diego zoo 
Heading to Toronto. Happy Mothers day 
Heading to Vancouver BC .. The weather is so nice today.. It's going to be a fun drive  #fb
Heading to Vermont!!! 
heading to work and excited about my diet 
Heading to work to love on some little kiddos...and my staff of course!  I have the best staff ever this summer. Hands down.
Heading to work, fun fun.. I love my job though... how many people can honestly say that huh? 
heading to work, i do have a job i want to keep 
Heading to work, then off to record the next big thing Cherie Moyle at her gig tonight 
Heading to work. Then getting ready for a b-day party later 
heading to work..really happy that I have a long weekend 
Heading to www.mystickalvoyage.com for Dragon Coffee Klatch. 
Heading today @ FOD and Corve; next step in my 'crusade' 
heading towards Almere, M nd i cooking for tomorrows diner with my parents 
Heading up sometime this afternoon/evening to play for the 8th grade retreat. Lets hope Father Mark's car is not up there this time!  
Heading up to Inkberrow and isn't it a beautiful day! I have brought my cozzie just in case there is an opportunity for wild swimming 
Heading up to le cabin for some relaxation 
Heading up to Phoenix with Wold tonight, Salt River Tubing tomorrow with my best friends. Life is legit 
heading up to the blue ridge parkway to trot up Mt. Pisgah before work and maybe dip my feet in the creek 
Heading west. Temp has dropped 20 degrees in the past few miles.  Ahhhh!
headlines on those pages got me lookn so illiterate on this great mixtape release eve. smh... be clear. i am myspace.com/ib3! 
Headlining the San Jose Improv tonight and I got a call for a college booking this morning.  So far so good for today. 
Head'n 2 Punta Gorda Block Party in a bit.  C ya'll there.  Happy day 
Heads Up!! First round of giveaways start Monday Morning! Don't miss out  http://bit.ly/10SHZc
HEADS UP: PCBC will be  @ Moscone Center San Francisco from June 17-19 - see you there!   http://bit.ly/gQbD5
Headshots on the 15th 
Headup @idofluk for some crazy finds 
Healing Arts Fest @ Balboa Park+http://tinyurl.com/bnr27e for dinner=A sunday well spent 
Health class outside.. 
Health is Wealth!!!!  
Health Tip of the Day: fiber reduces your risk at getting COLON CANCER! eat FIBER! also get routine checkups so you dont find it to late 
Healthy me Brandi miley! Hehheh, even if don't you know me, could you do it?Thanks 
heaps of ppl went nuts looking for you today @meldawgz. just lettin ya know  
Hear that Twilighters? Use your power for good, participate in supporting the #greenscream!  Wear green, spread awareness! #iranelection
Hear, hear - all hear Susan Boyle. 
Heard @parachuteva on XM radio tonight. A great sign for the night that was ahead 
Heard a busking saxophonist playing &quot;Time Out&quot; at the Navy Yard metro this morning: http://bit.ly/3I8Kp6  Awesome 
heard a great word 2day  and now she partakes in sum nourishment.
heard about the new handsfree wireless controller for the xbox :p looks awesome! 
heard from a reet blast from the past today via Facebook and am very happy about it indeed 
Heard one of the coolest messages this morning.  
heard smg is preggy... finally! 
Heard some of the new Rancid. Me likey! 
Heard strange news this morning. At the NL / Belgium border some chocolates have asked for assylum ... Argentinia is also involved ... 
hearing a theory on albert einstein from a 13 yr old 
Hearing music thinking 
Hearing rumblings of the subway map possibly being elevated to &quot;featured&quot; status. Shhhh, you didn't hear it from me 
Hears : alanis morrissete.. Youlearn..again!! Enyak laguna...biar jalani hari enak..  http://myloc.me/3YR8
Heart attack over, I need candy, be back 
Heart fm 107 playing time tunnel if u know the year twit me 
Heart is racing. Hands are shaking. It's working 
heart of life - john mayer. best song ever!!! this guy is sooo good!! 
heartbeat my stereo skyline makes me happy, what a classic haha 
hearts @RealDrakeBell and his supercute profile pic 
hearts need a mind like a clock needs the time. like white needs black, if you leave i hope you need to come back. 
hearts shopping 
hearty breakfast wif bibi over the wkn  happy to hv her as a listener.. 
Heat wave in scotland! Thankyou global warming. Wearing my first pair of shorts for the year 
Heather and @kellyponesyou 's sweet sixteen 
heather saw my septum! 
Heather very drunk 
Heathers here. carwinds tommorow 
heating up our dinner  steak and veggies, nom nom
Heating up some chili my mom brought back from Milda's! 
heating up some hot dogs, gonna watch some moviessss 
Heaven- Bryan Adams 
heavens not a place that you go when you die, it's that moment in life when you actually feel alive... 
Heavy downpour after we exited the looooong looooong expressway. Ruined our plans. Yay we're heading home instead!  - http://tweet.sg
heavy night last night. Enjoying a gentle few beers in the sun in ealing 
Heavy rains in goa 
Heck ya im going to hollywood 
heck yea. new work laptop...! 
heck yeah i'm goin! JONAS BROTHERS AT MIDNITE!!!!!!!! AHHHHHH!! EXCITEMENT!! 
heck yeah! found my mileyworld wristband 
heck yes! on my &quot;I have no idea what I'm doing&quot; #twittertee submission http://thrdl.es/~/8LB might buy the &quot;I'm huge on twitter&quot; one haha 
Heck! I so wanted WI to win this with 10 wickets. Okay! Great work already. Go on Gayle &amp; co. Win this clean and square 
Hectic day ahead. body &amp; brain exercise, lunch with DP &amp; work. Currently eating honeyontoast yum, &amp; having quality time with Casper 
Hecticly tired... But superkeen for the soccer later 
HECTOR CALLED ME! AFTER DRIVING ME CRAZY!! GOD! NEVER AGAIN HECTOR! K!  GLAD UR OK.
Hee  I was like &quot;GO FIGURE&quot; I'm finally on and you aren't!!
Hee hee will get another raspberry mocha kiss for free care of Philips event 
Hee.    Just got a FB comment that my art teacher's two kids both (independently) heard my haiku on NPR.    Must have been a replay.  
hee. had lots of fun today with @wreon, weijie and @bibalaboo 
heee heee &quot;Wolverine&quot;  was a pimp movie  i loved it 
Heee, watching Journey to Babel, love the look on Kirk's face when he finds out who Spock's parents are 
Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeello twitters  I miss my boys (@jonasbrothers): Kevin's smile, Nick's killing eyes lol and Joe at all.
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYY TWITTERBUGS! WUZZUP TODAY? 
Heeeeeeiiii!!!  Anyone here++
Heeeeeey everyone whats up....hey if any of my friends see this go on  msn later or twitter me please 
heeeeelllllllllooooooooo! i feel so awake this morning, its weird!  xx
heeeeey, it's friday 
Heeeey, im home !!  Im within texting range so you should do that now. Thankkkkz.
Heeelllll yahhh nice comeback boys ...someeebodyysss clossaaaaaa!!  I love la
heeere yaa go lizel.  - What are you mad about right now? Naaathang. What song, if any, is stuck in your... http://tumblr.com/x4v21pc5w
Heeey  . just tryin out twitter to see what its like 
heeey @lvasconcelos, maybe u'll like this http://bit.ly/V5LOh   i think it may help us, lol, luv and miss ya :*
heeey heeey!   about to go read...
heeey y'all howz it just joind up lol 
Heeey, we won ice hockey....we are winners!! 
HEEEYYY! I got 2 A's &amp; 4 B's on my report card! I'm getting a credit card  Don't hate congratulate ! XD
heehee  im in a magnificent mood. 
Heey  I'm goin swimming today and then we're having a bbq! This will be so much fun!
Heey  twitter  ! im with my lil cousin  ,we are having so much fun! love her &lt;3
heey @tayswift your so adorable . i like ur songs veeery much 
heey guys. i'm a bit moody 2day...just realized that i'd never see my classmates again after this week expect two funny guys 
heey i'm not crazy! it was just a theory :B 
Heey its lucy  we're going TO london to see the jonas brothers xo
heey the best boy on earth have birthday today! MY BOYFRIEND! 
Heey!  just updating my myspace and dancing in my chair to some music Yea!! 
Heey! Eu tive um happy hour ontem! 
Heey! I'm home now from school. Ended the school one hour earlier.. 
heey, just to make it sure: WHEN I FOLLOW YOU, YOU'VE TO FOLLOW ME TOO, that's just fair. well.. i'll use that as a YEESS 
Heh &quot;FBI: Terrorist Attack on Golden Gate Bridge May Have Been Green-Screened&quot; http://tinyurl.com/p5kyst 
heh @magicaljod nominated my one of my tweets for a tshirt quote!      Vote here     http://thrdl.es/~/7Xr
heh beach boys on radio1! 
Heh Seth Rogen playing the straight role in this makes it even more funny - Like a Boss.   http://bit.ly/iP9iz 
heh there was a HIMYM joke on Family Guy and it was actually NPH and Josh Radnor doing the voices. Sweet! I &lt;3 Family Guy 
heh time for some chocolate bunny leg 
Heh, cred ca sunt singurul care studiaza un profil inainte sa dea follow. Toata lumea cu &quot;other actions&quot; 
heh, finally got it: Leinad Zeraus is a pseudonym (an anagram actually) for Daniel Suarez. was wondering about the strange name 
Heh, I'm being followed by @cotlife. I feel special; I love Company Of Thieves.  I have their CD (MP3).
heh, my interview suit's skirt is much tighter about the hips than it used to be. 
Heh, my wife made it almost all the way through that last Onion video without realizing it was a parody.  http://ping.fm/jZht5   
Heh, on a completely different note, twitter says I can't follow myself 
heh, sanded the back room. looked suspiciously like a powdered donut when I was done. I like manual labor. 
Heh. *Lit's* &quot;My Own Worst Enemy&quot; is on the radio again. Lit, people. Not Eve 6. Lit. 
Heh. Be off later. 
Heh. Hehehe. Hehe. You'll get it soon enough  â™« http://blip.fm/~8bebc
Heh. Noticed I hadn't updated SpybotS&amp;D in ages. What's the matter with me? I've become reckless. 
Hehe  I love you too Taylor!
Hehe another mom on here posted that her baby will only sleep with shoes on 
hehe back to the 80's i loved that song back then  ? http://blip.fm/~6gldo
Hehe glorious!! Tell me all about it! 
hehe gonna be heading to a movie n a bithehe &quot;drag me to hell&quot; oo we well see... 
hehe good luck with that, Jim   I don't know about Madoka, but Erin's an absolute zombie in the mornings...
Hehe heheh heheh!!! Yes i am bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got the mickey mouse club theme song stuck in my head!!! 
Hehe he's cute! We've got him until Friday  http://twitpic.com/6igs0
hehe http://www.jaiku.com/ ... but I like twitter... google always like that... copying idea or buying site 
Hehe I am still in bed I aham shay that I am twittring 
Hehe i found my phone! 
hehe i turn everything into an art project!!! 
hehe ill stop for a while. I just like making people mad. im listening to some ronniesluts 
hehe just watched 2 horror films! 
Hehe just worked out  i feel pretty good!
HEHE Pimping the band 
hehe the advantage of the interleague no angels DH 
hehe the lil boy from UP movie is so ADORABLE!!  haha the doggie..  said watashiwa.. XD
Hehe true, your Holiness. and aw how sweet and helpful me that coworker 
hehe tweet time... bastos talaga chux 
Hehe very delicious  on yahoo?
Hehe you are so welcome! 
hehe! had planned on getting some sleep. plan just changed. heading out to grab a drink with @coatsy instead 
hehe! that last should have been for @lottiotta  ye gods, i'm tired. but must. finish. weaving.
Hehe, on Ben's hackintosh, can't wait 'til mine, well his but really mine turns up 
hehe, seems my pigeon/sunroof tweet caught the imagination. @BarryNorton @ mo @rsinger @janestevenson - you guys are bad! 
Hehe, updating my resume by putting everything about Subway in the past tense 
Hehe. I got an A for my motorcycle lesson with dad. 
Hehe. Walked in the office building with my funky PJs. The security, Jeff said hi, smiled and then gave me a very curious look. Fun!! 
Hehe. Whoo! Omg! The doors!  Hah. 
Hehe.. yea yea. Okie. Second round now. Omg omg 
hehe....someone just sent me an auto DM....it began by 1st apologizing for sending and auto DM  
hehe...got my favorite banners up in dramabeans. 
Heheee  I have my last final today and need to study some more X_x I don't wana!!
Hehehe at American Dad - &quot;My eyes.. My back.. My sharona.. My best friend's wedding - my eyes again!&quot; 
hehehe fyi- bobby long vector art is next i believe..hehee 
hehehe i am eating a cornetto &amp; am about to watch a movie so i'll tweet you later 
Hehehe I poke you 
Hehehe only me and @rubennoo. Sounds exclusive 
hehehe, i only just realized i can change my colour on tweetdeck.  WOO.
Hehehe... just kidding...my date was really actually a total bore..sorry to disappoint those of you who live vicariously through me... 
Hehehe...I love those sicks you get where you just feel hilarious instead of miserable...I mean, I still feel awful, but it's funny. 
HEHEHEH  My Lovely Exec Assistant @PeterDavies and I are dressed in the SAME colour scheme!  Heeheheh! Great Minds think alike! 
hehh gd morning  its afternoon alr haha 
Heidi Harris is a very hyper woman. She needs to put down the Republican scotch and take a puff of liberal reefer 
Heigh ho! Heigh ho! It's off to housework I go.  I can't believe my life became this mundane! AAAGH! If only I could afford a maid. 
heineken @fingerscale =&gt; instead of on strings, put your fingers on the keyboard and update 
Heise Foren-Beitrag mit Titel &quot;How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?&quot; - sehr bezeichnend 
held lochlan for the first time today . . . so precious.  I'm a proud auntie 
Helena is my first and favourite video by them  it's just beautiful &lt;3 the set, the concept, everything  #mcrchat
Helicopter ride was intense.  I swear at some point I was upside down.  
He'll and gore  just learned the song! Love the shnaps!!! http://twitpic.com/6sr0n
hell id be game to give some lap dances too. Lmao! hahha i'm on the DL bout that Boo boo @LoveKeturah..hahah  kept under wraps!
He'll treasure me, he'll keep me happy and he'll make me smile. Apparently he likes ducks too. 
hell ya!!! I won!! It was very close though. @Tiffanyann86 lost!! Ha 
Hell yea  dwight=woat
Hell yea i'm on a serious power trip right now! Beautiful morning  grabbing some starbucks
hell yea Lakers!!! but next year it will go to Cleveland!  Bday on friday 
HELL YEA!!!!  HAHA COOKIES AND JACK!
HELL YEAAAA!!! 4-0 WINGS!!! Woohoo!!! HOCKEYTOWN BABYYYYY 
hell yeah - 2 hours and got hella shit done! i win, tho my house is still a mess.. garsh! i need a maid JUST to do the dishes thats it, 
Hell Yeah  http://bit.ly/Fqmcp   World's Most Handsome Man:Rpattz
Hell yeah pearl jam is  on conan o brien!!! 
Hell yeah!! Just got an update for the g1 and it has video now!! That's what's up 
hell yeah!Beyonce is in T.O July 20th im sooooo going to that concert 
Hell yeah. Toy story 3 coming out june 18th 2010. That made my day. 
Hell yes -- Breakthrew performance for Rob!!!! 
hell yes another kick ass day 
Hell yess! Predator is coming back tomorrow. 
Hell, yeah I was fucking amused.  Stupid people amuse me.  That put a huge smile on my face!  
hella bored ! qonna buy some qucci on the web later on ! 
hella bored buh my show keeps me up  diqqy so fine !
Hella dramz on The Hills. Drama overload. I love it. 
hella drunk in the back seat of nings car wit angelina 
Hella gold waiting in the AH today 
Hellerrr new followerss. I'm Tricina &amp; uhhm I'm cool 
Helll i am in orlando bout to hit up universal dont cha wish u were 
Helllllllllloooooo heathrow 
helllloowww new followers  its fridayyyy !! yay
Helllo  nice remix right here RB&gt;&gt;@bduubz: &quot;hi #ZOEBOE @FiFiKaboom @aoibhneas &quot; â™« http://blip.fm/~7e03u
helllo who wants to talk  jesus i loveyou
Hellloo! Hot man in my office... It's about time 
Hello   What's going on up in here?
Hello - been off here for a few hours - so time for some rehab  Mobile batt was flat too. Hope you are all enjoying the sunshine
hello  decided to run home, worst decision i have ever made in my life. dancing soon  reaaaally excited i have missed it.
hello  im at bec's house too  playing tetris 
Hello  its a beautiful sundaymorning and im figuring out what to do!
Hello  Just registered on twitter and exploring the site now
hello  my name is frances and i am excited for @thecab 's new tour/EP! are you? you should be!!! -What Happens In Vegas-
hello  sun isnt back :'( i wanna have suuuuuuun
hello  what's up? making my intro for my new upcoming series &quot;So Contagious&quot; tell your friends to follow me =D thank you
hello  wonderful day! so sunny and hot  and I'm going for a swim in the pool. â™¥
hello &amp; goodnight to all my new followers. 
Hello &amp; welcome @susansheehan - Your lampwork beads are just gorgeous! 
Hello ... wow  it's sunny day   luv it
hello @beebeebuthainah 
hello @foucaultgroupie 
Hello @hgardler. Our sympathies 
Hello @mileycyrus You Seriously are THE BEST EVER!!! (like seriously) I can wait to see you in December. 
Hello @queenieharrison @matrioshkaworld @postculturist 
Hello @ThePetstreetVet , I love this mighty cheesy little film about the importance of neutering  http://tinyurl.com/3c76xn
Hello @therealtiffany  Hahaha Sorry feeling random
Hello @tommcfly   Okay?  What is your favorite character from Twilight?
Hello 200th tweet! ear candy: http://bit.ly/mwDCV   the vid is cute too
hello 4 day vacation! 
Hello 7 people! You are mine now! 
hello all I was out all day yesterday but a friend reminded me to book a hair appt so I've got one for 12.30 
Hello all my new followers, there is suddenly a lot of you, so will take a little time to get round to you all 
Hello All My New ONTD friends   Welcome to my WORLD!!!!!!!
Hello all my twi-friends! 
hello all twitter ppl  I'm back, moahahaha ;)
Hello all! Good times at villa FEST yesterday 
Hello all! In Rush with the gorgeous boyfriend, trying to find out what to do with our Sunday. Chat to ye later! 
Hello all! Very grateful for new follows! Hope everyone is having a great morning already 
Hello all, hey it's another sunny day 
Hello America, Wegners and Gene have landed safely in London.  Crying baby on flight gave us the opportunity to practice patience. 
hello and good morning! lots to do today. my intention is to breathe, smile and check a TON of stuff off the list 
Hello and welcome ... especially those who already follow me on Facebook 
hello cyberjaya, land of depression. 
Hello day off. Hello sunshine 
hello dear, you know who you are, juss talk i will reply 
hello employment 
Hello Esha Im alive   Oh my I just woke up and now Im about to push myself to church man...
Hello Europe 
hello everybody 
Hello everybody   Attended an A-W-E-S-O-M-E seminar this weekend that totally blew me away!
hello everybody have a nice weekend... lets have fun!!! 
HELLO EVERYBODY! 
Hello everybody!  I'm back on the job, back from the children camp (someone had to look after my sis' pupils)... and totally exhausted 
Hello everybody!!! I just woke up and ate lunch! 
Hello everybody. Finally, I am new user of Twitter.... 
Hello everybody...!!! now, i feel so good...!  hahaha
hello everyone   i just woke up and 	 I think this will be a good day 
Hello everyone  http://bit.ly/ywPDI
hello everyone  ride on lets twitt lets get it on 
Hello Everyone and Good Morning! Got the all clear w/ my son yesterday around 530pm and you know kids are resiliant...bounced back 2day 
hello everyone hope you have a great day 
hello everyone i am back! 
Hello everyone im just sitting here rocking out to 9412 sam on the air The best classic rock station on twitter here 
Hello everyone on Twitter!  We love our healthy lifestyle and looking forward to passing on some tips and listening to yours 
hello everyone!  just got home, everything has been SO boring since i woke up :/ blehh
Hello everyone! How `ya all doin ? 
hello everyone! I think today went pretty dang well 
hello everyone! I'm at my buddy kip's house ... gonna go see a baseball game tomorrow with the boys 
Hello everyone! I'm in a dancing mood today  ? http://blip.fm/~5h10b
Hello everyone! just had my yummy lunch! And finally, twitter is back! Haha.. So uhmm.. who's online? 
hello everyone! We're still packing those boxes and preparing to move this week! I'm so excited!!! 
hello everyone! what's up? 
Hello everyone, are you glad that it's Monday morning? 
Hello everyone, I hope you all are having a great day, God bless!!   
hello everyone, I wonder how my day will turn out today, less make it easy shall we!! 
Hello everyone,Hello the human:God is DNA(desoxyribonucleic acid)!~ Do you think so?  
Hello everyone. Not only did I BEAT JEFFREY on this one sac..I got the same result as him in the exam 
Hello followers! Keep retweeting @tomsivornovello so we can get all McFly fans on twitter to follow eventually 
Hello from the HTC Hero ROM on my G1 
hello from work xD how are you?  
Hello gaga @ladygaga I love you 
Hello glad you're back 
HELLO GOOD MOOD! just done a nice amount of exercise! I wont let anything get me down tonight, im too happy for that 
Hello Good Morning ! and happy Weekend  
Hello Green Friends, its GREEN TIPS WEEK on www.earthobsession.com, please visit, join, and share your Green Tips with the group 
Hello guys :B I told you I'll be back 
hello guys today I'm very happy 
hello had twitter for ages but doesnt know what to do on it? 
hello i am doing fine and drinking some coffe here in oslo, hope you all are good too 
Hello I'll Give you Everything you Will Want To Know About Her 
hello im bored hahah hope every1s doing gud 
Hello I'm Tricina &amp; I don't bite  Cinabun@att.blackberry.net , pin:24a4e3db ; contact mee. I like a good laugh.
Hello imsondag glad to see ya here! I will follow you now. Btw, nice background!! 
Hello June I'm enjoying your company 
hello June! Month of cherry, month of mine  #fb
Hello lights! Hello vegas!!!  yeaaaa!!! Happy bda kate!
Hello lovely @Grenhilda It's raining here 2day &amp; I've a village fair 2 go 2. Will be wet &amp; very interesting 2 C if anyone turns up! 
hello lurvly people, hope u r smiling  xx
HELLO MC HAMMER SAY HI TO ME 
Hello Miss Ann in MI! Very happy to see you, too! Are you watching the playoffs? GO MAGIC!!! 
Hello Miss Parry.  Consider yourself stalked   Lovin you being on twitter Just sat off in the garden with Scott and Belly and wine
hello Monday &amp; the start to another busy, beaut of a week! I'm ready to take you on!!   here we gooooo.....
Hello Monday! 
Hello Monty. Good to see you. 
Hello mr blue sky, we should see each other more often   http://twitpic.com/693dl
Hello my 1,000th tweet 
Hello my followers...Tweet ME..i will Def. Tweet you back!!! 
Hello my peepz!!! ok my comp might just shut off.... lol.. but im here!! GARAGE SALE OVER!!!!!  YAAY!!!! 
Hello new followers  Hope you enjoy my random nonsense lol
Hello new followers.  Hope you're having a great day, evening, night in Tweep world 
hello new friends 
hello new twitter friends! 
Hello north star. 
hello nyquil. goodnight 
Hello OC! Haven't been here in a while! Costa Mesa here I come 
Hello old self, you make so much more sense. P.S. The Cab is super cool. 
Hello out there  Almost the weekend! Cant wait! Hope you all are doing well this morning?
Hello people 
hello people  so hyper. haha everyone must watch Joe Jonas single ladie's dance on youtube it's so funny i love it!
hello people!! morning in my country 
Hello people!!!! Back home from honeymoon with my wonderful man @georgeven We had a great time in Hvar, Croatia 
Hello people, last exams tomorrow 
Hello pillow  in Rochester, NH
hello ppl!! hope everyone is having a marvelous day.. it was a great day for us too!!  Afternoon in Cannes, beach, dinner, beach, sleep!
hello rain 
Hello Riccardo . . . leaving my mark on your page 
Hello Seattle, I mean Morning. 
Hello SessyMomi,  I don't mind a few bumps here and there. I love you.  
hello shower head. 
Hello stranger wearing Casey Calvert TWLOHA shirt. Lookin goood 
hello sun and 60degree weather  thanks for coming back so soon.
Hello sunday  and good night germany. 7th of June (Sunday):  germany goes to the European election (Europawahlen) &quot;You have the choice&quot;
hello sunshine 
Hello Sunshine !! 
Hello Sunshine!! 
Hello sunshine..sorry, been busy over the weekend with the wedding preps. Has to get connection in my mobile for continuous tweet.. 
hello sweet summer. 
hello there  happy #hoppusday hope it works and blink182 comes to Braziiiil *-*
hello there @Gamdel thanks 
hello there my fellow tweet freaks  my apologies for neglecting you all for so long...lmao this is great, it's Monday &amp; i'm HOME 
Hello there too deardre  top of the mornin' too ya! haha
Hello there, Tweeties!!  @g2thecore @TerezBaskin @mrsdollarz @hgtvpro @crystalera @Da_Prince_89 @DBRADDY214 @Geeman61 @DeyKnoLO @Jdieselx
hello there, twitter! 
hello there... just watched the new sneak peek of J.O.N.A.S. I can't wait to see it. It's so hilarious 
Hello there: Hello guys I'm Michael.    Glad to be here  http://tinyurl.com/dakxd5
hello thereeeeeee 
Hello tiwitter, Finally! Got my phone fixed! 
Hello to @hgtvpro, our 700th follower! And they're part of the media, so even better! 
Hello to @JackieDog, my 100th follower 
Hello to @vincestev the latest person to click follow 
Hello to a new day! Time for Starbucks 
Hello to all my new Followers, thanks for the Follows! 
Hello to all my new followers..    say hi @ me so i can say its nice to meet you too!
Hello to all my new twitter friends and followers 
Hello to all new followers from warm and sunny Tokyo! 
Hello to all new follows!! thanks so much and i promise to try to make it worth the read  lol
hello to all of u out there, how is everyone today??? 
Hello to all the #APfellows ! Vancouver is soooo nice 
Hello to all the new PidginSnarl users  Can anyone give me a hint why there so many of you coming from the Pidgin plugins page these days?
heLlo tO alL the people i am connected here in twitter 
Hello to all the people who followed me.  I bet you're fans of Taylor Lautner too. 
Hello to all this fine sunday afternoon. I admit i drunk tweeted last night/this mornin. 
hello to all this is littlejoe and i seek nice followers to have fun 
Hello to all you stalkers from work, JK.  Watching &quot;Live w/Regis&amp;Kelly&quot;.
hello to my new church 
hello to my new follower and friend, @njoedicke  welcome
Hello to my new followers 
Hello to my new followers: @styletalk @Towanna70 @MsSymphony @Veronicabhmg http://ladolce-vita.blogspot.com 
Hello to our newest followers!! 
Hello to the double date soon maybe around 3 
hello to you prank caller. I like how you waste your credit calling me. 
hello tuesday  hmm bad weather but i dont care 
Hello Tweete 
HELLO TWEETER! 
hello tweeters!!! i am homeee  didnt have time to tweet this morning... very naughty of me i know! but today was epic! movies with @loz_xx
hello tweeters.  It's a beautiful day(8)
Hello tweethearts? How is everyone doin on this lovely sunday evening? im chillaxin 
Hello tweeties  Getting started for another fun fun night. Weeee! 
hello tweeties - what a lovely day the bbq is set  i need a new dress though any suggestions?
Hello Tweeties! 
Hello Tweetopians. 
hello tweets  been &quot;history revision&quot; at school today, not mcdonalds at all.
hello tweets  well, impressed my people this morning... sort of, oh well could have been worse... dressed and ready to tango with @loz_xx
Hello twiiterland ! Again, no tweet this week end... 
hello twitter  waiting for @jess_0000 to get here..
hello twitter friend, good morning 
Hello Twitter!  Good morning !
hello twitter!!! how is everybody? 
Hello Twitter!!!! 
hello Twitter, haven't seen you in a while 
hello twitter.. its been so long!! i'm just doin homework and and learning for exams.... and everything is back to normal now.. thank god 
Hello twitterers  watching TV &amp; video Moi Lolita is on 
Hello TwitterLand  Made a new song! Odd To A Heart! Check it out at www.myspace.com/theearlyspring
Hello Twitterland!  Happy Day!  I hope everyone is well today. 
hello twitters 
hello twitters! 
Hello Twitters! How is your day going so far 
hello twitterssssss  i'm soooo happyyyyy only 5 days of school  (8) what time is it? summertime it's our vacation(8) wiii
Hello Twittersville!! I hope ur all having a fabulous Monday ) wasn't it a gorgeous sunny morning  enjoy ur day whatever ur up 2 
hello twitterworld!  home from work and enjoying a BEAUTIFUL day!  yay!
Hello uncomfortably close thunder 
Hello weekend, nice to see you. 
Hello world ! Going to Maubeuge and Paris today... weather looks good 
hello world ï¿½-ï¿½ so tired... but Jorge Lorenzo made me happy 
hello world my name is....not important right  now 
Hello world of twitter, how are we all? Off to another bbq  whooooo!!
Hello World!  Beautiful morning.  Returned from my morning jog.  Go out and make it a wonderful day.
hello world!  just finished a hearty sausage mcmuffin meal... yum yum!
Hello World! I am back. Had great time in Croatia and Venice 
Hello World, profitez du dimanche, et souriez, demain sera pire 
Hello World. 
hello world. gorgeous day in boston  !
hello world. i have new phone now. 
Hello world. What's up today? Have a nice day, everybody. 
hello world... 
Hello World... coming to you alive and well from Windows 7... and oooh it looks pretty! 
Hello world....CU soon ...real life is calling 
Hello wow 23 followers already haha 
Hello!   I'm sure I'll finish my marketing again today! Friday exam :/ wish it was tomorrow already!
Hello!  Eughhhhhh. I feel soo ill. I don't even know why I'm up yet ^-^ xx
Hello!  How's everyone?I'm here at Pan de Manila buying pandesal &amp; my fav.hot chocolate.Can't wait to be home.Take care everyone ;-)
Hello! Gotta go, though. 
Hello! I am very happy! I would understand it better here 
Hello! I try use twitter first time now..Yeah.... What I can write? My head is now SO empty... but well Iï¿½ve holiday so so what 
Hello! We are at Grandma's house now  Can access the internet sporadically, my cell phone is charging in the car ;-)
Hello! Yeah, first post ever. 
hello!! twitters another fantastic sunshine day 
Hello!!! Am loving life at the moment  oxoxoxox hope everyone is well 
HELLO!!!!! Been a while since I've been here. 
hello!!...boring...5 days till my birthday 
Hello, i'm new 
Hello, I've just started playing the violin. Check me out: mms://89.132.114.233:9876 
Hello, my loves!! &lt;3 &lt;3 How are my fav Troopers today!? 
Hello, my name is Tsvetelina and I'm a Mike Patton junky. 
Hello, new followers! Thanks for following  @ryansporn @wilsonmark29 @TVMediaAG @wrightway3 @AmazingPics @tondobot @J_Spot82
Hello, new followers! Thanks for following me  Hope you find something interesting in my tweets
Hello, to all of my new followers 
Hello, Twitter World, on this beautiful #followfriday.  Wishing you all a wonderful, productive day. 
Hello, Twitters!!!, i'm come back!!, jejejeje..., thanks for your twitts, i hope everyone feel good  i'm just here reading you again 
Hello, Whats up? Good Morning..Checking the tweets 
Hello, world! I had my fair share of laundry, car cleaning, black licorice salt water taffy and plant watering today 
hello,tweapeople! the heat's really coming down now, trydrinking corn &amp; barley grains tea combo, helps keep the body cool 
hello. (bye) morning.  cnu mkakachat jn? haha  http://plurk.com/p/xqxr0
Hello. I am at my boyfriends house. It is all very exciting 
hello. my name is __ and i say lock the doors!  awww. haha
Hello.. Went missing for 24 hours! Not happened in a while. But life was hectic. Back now 
hello... it's a kind of screaming... 
hello?  just bored.
Helloo !! How are we? 
hellooo  going to jess house yay
Hellooo Orange County 
Hellooo Providence skyline! 
hellooo, im a teeny bit tipsy but now ive run out of alcohol and im back on the diet coke, fail (n). tonight has been so funny tho 
helloooo  how's everyone today? think i'm going to wander round inverness town today &amp; catch up with some old friends-what are your plans?
Helloooo  lovely morning!! Sucks that I'm stuck at work! Lol
Hellooooo  Its hot again today, just had a shower &amp; now listening to the amazing lady gaga  Cant wait for @JessicaGittins2 to get home!!
Hellooooo Just wake up 
Hellooooo MOA, oh how I've missed you 
Hellooooo people. 
hellooooo!!! my baby girl is here from  vegas ..yay! @rsuenaga were coming to stalk you! 
Hellooooo.!!  What a weather.! ;| -  It's raining ;( uhh ... but...  I can stay at home and fool about all time 
HELLOOOOOOOOO EVERYONE!! 
Hellooooooooo my wonderful tweeps!!! Anyone miss me? 
helloooooow! good morning! 
Helloowz people! Guess who bought herself a new phone?  Figuring out how it works 
hellosascha.blogspot.com for more of my texas family story 
Hellow ! cooly08 
Hells ya to the Lakers last night!  had a bbq with the family last night and I am amazed how much I ate! lol I love good weather days 
HELP !! Is there a doctor in the house? I am splitting atoms....   
Help @ChrisVanPatten score a place in NYC for #140conf  - Classic &quot;Tweet and Travel&quot; ... 
Help @peterfacinelli win a bet! Follow him now!!!! 
Help a brother out of the dog house. Please wish @kateva a belated Happy B'day and maybe she'll forget that I forgot.   #help #ILoveYou
help Chateau  
Help Jaime raise money for cancer research and she'll shave her head. http://tinyurl.com/c8tc59 If you cant donate ReTweet 
help me babe i got to get over you! haha 
HELP ME GET 2 100 FOLLOWERS 2NITE!!  D-Day Andrew Marr Goodnight Jay-Z Twilight Sims 3 Palm Pre Star Trek Drag.. http://tinyurl.com/pnfbg2
HELP ME GET 2100 FOLLOWERS 2NITE!!  D-Day Andrew Marr Goodnight Jay-Z Twilight Sims 3 Palm Pre Star Trek Drag Me To Hell Pushing Subprime
help me get out of this BOREDOM!!! I'M SO BORED! 
Help me to 100 followers 
Help me with this account, please. 
Help me!!!  Chanting NO CAKE NO CAKE!! LOL BD Celebration at 2 - Need will POWER Big time!!!  HELP ME!!  
Help my band get sponsored by Denny's...vote for Life On Repeat  http://bit.ly/4ikBp
help out thmdk and vote for them a million times on dennysallnighter.com 
Help You!! WHEN YOU'RE READY TO SURRENDER!! Sometimes you have to do that to TRULY WIN!! O.K. Back 2 regularly scheduled programming!! 
Helped @manssandstrom move to new apartment. Now back to MacRuby.. 
Helped a friend move yesterday. She moved to a 3rd floor apt. My calves are killing me this morning. Should help mu muscle mass though. 
Helped Marquel keep company in her new apt. which happens to be less than a mile from me 
Helped my sis move all day; sleeping over her new house 
helped set up the reception, its looking really good n pretty n pink and the groom invited me to go later  good day so far methinks 
helping @bradproctor move so he and his lovely bride will have a place to live. also, i'm hoping my goodwill will earn me a 'Justin room' 
Helping @mikefromalive manage  http://tinyurl.com/oyk9tl 
Helping a friend on a IDP system and learning it, myself 
Helping Court With The Retarded Chem Projectt  &lt;33
helping ExpressDaily.co.uk climb Google hill. We've climbed another couple of steps, now No. 33 out of 68,800,000 
Helping hubby make new and improved resume, has an interview soon for a higher position! 
helping make a garden at my school today. wearing my obama shirt  hopefully it doesn't get too hot because im wearing jeans.
helping mi mommy make a cake ! 
Helping my mum add some new head scarfs / bandanas for chemo cancer patients to her website  http://www.scarfstudio.co.uk
@effyobie Ooh, cool! And you better post some pics!  
@efgraham0921 It's on friday! 
@efink my gegegeneration! 
@efleaa Yes, it's up. I've got to get busy and list! I've been so busy lately or tired. I'm definitely going to get on it soon! 
@eflirtexpert Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@efortiz what did you end up getting pierced? I appreciate the modern primitive thing, though can't do it myself 
@efreeman YAY! Twins ... must mean google Fail - I'm off the hook 
@EFsSecretDghter ill take that as a compliment 
@Efstathia93 You know what I mean.... They do everything 2gether... We were talking about it yesterday..... So follow them to catch up... 
@eft4adoption @eftpraxis beams to you both on this monday of mondays 
@EFTSejual Oh yes, ty. I know that $$$ process from abe/hicks. 
@eftspiritcoach Good morning, Andy...it's so nice to see you here on Twitter.  
@EFX Hey Stephen!  I'm sending the Sticky Sticky remixes out to you now!!   Hope you have an awesome wknd!
@eg_arnous It`s Work 
@egallion is super gay. 
@egchan AWESOME!!  I have a friend who might be interested- has a hard time finding shoes.
@egculbertson I feel your joy/pain. Congrats. 
@egdidwob HEYYYYYY , Me surfer shorts and 9.30am  xx
@eggie20 yours is the most interesting of all! what havoc was Kristian &amp; Nathan causing this weekend? Any photographic evidence? 
@EggyMayers I have to get to work, kiddo. I love you. 
@egheitasean no joke intended, but Italian Wedding Soup, ftw! Got me through my bout of plague, better than plain chicken noodle 
@egheitasean yummy cake. I want!!! 
@Egidius nice 1 for still doing geheelonthouding! I already started yesterday, when we left the BDW  @ awakenings is our return to glory??
@Egidius not mad at all at you I was in kabouterworld trying to fix a bike  I didn't have anything to do with suze going to SMS, it's nina
@egillhardar Congrats on your new job  Good luck!
@egillhardar Right now I'm seeing Apples everywhere 
@eglantinescake Reading her now, thanks!  Will def. add to my bloglines. Thx for this morn, was lovely 
@egmaoin Hope you are well 
@egmorox13 I hear pina colada is good for a sore throat 
@EGMTK I conveniently stocked up on Lindt today. You should so come visit. 
@EgOak Hehe... so what do you think about the thank you cards? 
@egodbois  it's good to see you here as well on our facebook! Thanks for being a fan 
@egower OMG that is too adorable .. I love little furry beasties!   Okay off to Home Depot to get blow-in insulation.  Hope this works!
@egregson Oh 2 Bodies is such a classic.  I hope there's another saving Brennan episode this season. Seems it's her turn. ;)
@egstrup nice 
@egyptiangoddes1 Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@egyptianruin Glad to help!  I want to use them, but I really need to hire someone to format images, since I'm all thumbs with technology.
@EgyptoKnuckles hay u...my day was good  bout 2 feel betta after I sip sum of dis here wine &amp; spread out on da couch...how was your's?
@EgyptoKnuckles jus lunch wit sum gurl friends...studyin 4 finals...work...not really 
@EgyptoKnuckles You're welcome 
@Eh_Bo_Knee Keep up the hard work, the pain = your gain. Currently doing 200pushups. Keep doing ya thing 
@EH0508 you're not a thing, mister. you're a person  bahah!
@eh44 Thought you would finish painting doggies when you painted the best? 
@ehammond84 thanks! 
@ehasselbeck awesome. a good list. some good stuff. Patrick loves Wendy's. 
@ehasselbeck It was cool he sang for you. You share a Bday with my dad. Pretty great day I'd say! Have a relaxing wknd w/the Fam  Peace
@EHayen we'll see 
@ehbs nice, i think i got a boner 
@ehhokay June 18th at Alchemist in JP, then July 6th at Middle East in cambridge 
@ehjayb Fucking finally. 
@ehljay U know what? U were so goodie at dancing last night!! Smugg! Thankerly, sexy!  Miss u bigger!!
@EhMahLee Yay NIN!!!   And Johnny Cash too I guess...but NIN!
@ehmceeyehm *raises hand* ill help  whats happened?
@ehmperor &quot;uh? rockwell ba kamo? we know it like the back of our hands&quot; nyehehe...that or lets just ask dantes. 
@ehmulsion or go back there and give them your resume everyday mwhahah. 
@Ehooper02 Nice Halpert-style thumbs up! 
@EhsanAhmad good good 
@EhsEmDoubleU Still looking for a web developer? @pixeltalent can help 
@ehverbear Exactly! I really like him on that episode. He was drunk on the roof and he looks wasted. So edward. really. 
@ehverbear OMG. I cried during that season. A LOT. Something happened there. And I got very emotional.  Are you related to @clarizel ? 
@ei8th Hey, I don't give a crap about FF, MGS or whatever, but I still think it was a pretty good play by Sony... 
@eidismile I got so stuffed that I had to sleep the pain away  haha!
@Eier_Von_Abe  I have no idea!! but all white?? weird!! but not bad 
@eigenliebe oh the interesting entries haven't started yet!!! the game starts soon on @airasiablog standby aights??? 
@eightisenough LoL .. I guess they had drinks 
@eightlines I think power-assist #e-bikes can stay in bike lane but what happens when ppl like you and me want to overdrive the electrics 
@Eighty4TheBoss Cool 
@EightyMPHMom  anytime!
@eightyocho Just bought your album on iTunes  LOVE IT
@eiiraqq hahah, it wasssss. 
@eikeollech Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@eiks hey thanks for following!  x
@eiks i'd imagine your mum was less chuffed...  (via @bobbychariot) sodesu!
@eiks you're tangerine pigeon is subarashii! 
@eileenb yes, dinner was very interesting last night - thanks for coming 
@EileenBonfiglio hey no worries 
@eileenfletcher thanks for your follow  just do you own thing + join in with what interests you
@eileenlangan shankss i took it the day i met the maineeeee 
@EileenLeft And well you should be, done a great job on that one 
@EileenLeft Apple have given us many wonderful things, but even the most ardent fanboy realises they do have some limitations 
@EileenLeft catch some zz's while ya can 
@eIleira oh jealous! I spent all day laying out and trying to detox my liver 
@eilidhlive Heehee I know, I don't think I've ever said 'one' like that before!  Yeeeah, you're the one deciding on the bus times!!
@EilidhPie no just the boring old close, but Emma is going to do all the figures 
@EinarI Congrats on the MVP Einar 
@einsamanna it is a promotion at my home bar that gets you to try all of the diff beers in the bar  good times 
@Einstine1984 Thank you &lt;3  , may your week will be awesome!
@eiobri Glad @GloriaBell was around last night- I was w/pillow   http://rebarcamp.com/philadelphia  is REBCPHL - @ 300 people from all ove
@eiocy very nice  i feel like i actually learned something AND i stayed awake while reading it!
@eiregrl123 yay now you have twitter also! haha im starting a trend. haha lov you katie. 
@EirikRingstad I keep hearing abt that &amp; the story behind Cashflow 101 game. Wow, thx 4 reminding 2 look in2 it sum more.  R U using it?
@eirinmcghee Thanks, champ. Today's is one of my favourites. 
@eisforennui I went and got much sleep, it was nice 
@EisleyJacobs looking at it again, it's a guitar but whatever 
@eisokant I vote for #2 
@Eiwen rest up buddy... watch a good movie and relax 
@EJ326 its a fun entertaining night 
@ejayrandolph oh, ejay.. u just wait til I get ridda this kick.. u aint seen NOTHIN yet! 
@ejblackburn Glastonbury will be good weather I can feel it in my bones  plus I refuse to do another wet year!
@ejblackburn lol - I can feel an #openspacecode session being born 
@ejeng you're in LA?? Come visit meeeee!!  depends on the eats - where u at??
@ejf11  Oh stop it making me so jealous ! I guess that's the problem, it having the time to go there 
@ejhildreth  I like it!
@EJLLL some hoody with iron maiden all over it seems to be super glued to my body. just getting your Â£50s worth  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@ejoleski but i do emily ahahha you scare me, so it would work 
@ejplantain ok sure.. tht wld be great... 
@ejr44 France and GB have never been on great terms ever since right before the 100 year war 
@ejrinder haha, I decided to just embrace it: sing along like a moron 
@ejyoung67 &amp;  @GrunbergHausVT: &amp;, if so, then we would not be receiving these tweets either! 
@ek_artem @PascalPiekar @azuidhof Thank you all. I'm a junkie for the spotlights... 
@ek20385 I'll send mp3s of the rest and find an album to bring over 
@ekaa17 : i know it's like sort of awesome ) it has a new spelling i totally love ate lian's letter  it's soo awesome :]
@ekaa17 : try usng meebo or maybe that ebuddy 
@ekaa17 LOL. reead fanfics. ) that's what i do.  i'm reading niley fanfics. LOL
@ekabanov Don't hang your nose down  Then the next week will be better and you will have a great story to tell @ the next party.
@Ekbergh You can say that again. Looks rly nice! Almost like BohuslÃ¤n 
@ekena_wilkins LOL! ahhhh you got jokes! LOL I walked into that one didn't I?  So what you eat? Lucky charms? http://bit.ly/3aZgm LOL
@ekesse ummm...maybe that's a portrait of English 'yoot' that's a wee bit unfair. I'm just bitter I'm up so early I suspect 
@ekeyNYC Good point. I think the spirits are vaporized along with water tho. Wonder what the real impact is. May have to try to find out 
@ekhazahar my cat!! 
@Ekipstonmai have emailed you 
@ekivemark Agree completely.  Just checked out your blog and subscribed. 
@ekki Will you send some  .
@Eklund ahahah just reminding you. 
@ekmccann fyi: you can follow updates about the coolout at @AVLG - wondering if it is still on w/ all this rain? will it ever end?! 
@Ekolson That's funny 
@eksentrik Are you sure? Gah I'm really embarrassed now &gt;.&lt; If so, big thanks! Um.. it's Watashi ni xx Shinasai and Arisa? Again, thanks! 
@eksinads yeaa and where it will be? 
@ektakaur tere achee khasi excecise ho jaati hogi Ruhaan ke saath 
@ektich Freedom of Information 
@ekunhardt Only hoping for the best 
@EL_Johnson You got it...good things will come  don't u worry!
@el_money I'm always down for good ol' tennis 
@El_Tenis_Plyr no worries! glad you applied 
@el3ctr1k Fair enough, mister. Either way, vamos a estar aquÃ­ hasta tarde, so you could arrive later. 
@el3ktro I tell you what. Let's do this tomorrow? Getting late here.  I will have Bible tomorrow.
@elaan dont give up 
@eladlb er. kahit ano. i just want to see one. haha. 
@elado @ahoova Thanks guys! It's so great how many birthday wishes I got through Twitter 
@elainanic and its too hard to read lol i'm doing the trending topic thing &quot;dontyouhateitwhen&quot; haha i like some trending topics sometime 
@Elaine_W_84 Thanks, night and sweet dreams to you too ! See you tomorrow 
@elaineadams09 ...i would not bet on that... 
@ElaineCorvidae And survive it you did 
@elainedaly I live by Maggie Mee Kari too!  even my friends working abroad asks me to bring em a box whenever I go visit.
@elaineewing hrmm...i don't really have an recommendations of the top of my head! i usually just flip thru tattoo mags, n such! 
@elaineewing phew!!!  I am relieved...  was worried for awhile.  Usually its just hate e-mail back...  at least I know he didn't read it. 
@ElaineHuang what are you coming to dallas for? 
@elainerogers If you listen to some of Tony Robbins' stories that just might work! 
@elainerogers lol why wouldn't I? Sorry about the head, enjoy the beers  wish I was allowed some....hmmm
@elainerogers Oh that makes sense then. You must send pics when the bathroom is finished - sounds like a labour of love 
@elainerrr come to the carnival tonight!! I texted u yesterday! Call me 
@elainesnowden kewl, it sounds like I'll be taking off you pretty soon 
@Elainesnowdon i know  but jess says if its 1 here shes moving lol!
@elaisonlinetv it's confusing? lol i'm just using bits of fabric i had leftover from all the pouches i've made  so it totally wont match!
@elaiwill - hey pretty lady - GBU! 
@elakuz By the way...did you get your blackberry?  
@elanatjie well... november this year elana!!! were gonna get to see New Moon together!!!  YAY!!!!!
@elanlohmann but I've only just climbed into bed, so not quite insomnia yet  laila tov!
@elastique will check it out ... 
@elastique you're welcome! 
@elathrop32  it makes me happy that it made you laugh!
@elavoca you're probably right  You know what I mean... like with the seagulls. The thing is: to remember there's no reason things change
@elavrov Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@elavrov it' s not in Russia but in Latvia  exUSSR anyway 
@elBahrain loved the silver e71 i had. until someone stole it..so another silver for me. I got an ipod touch that acts like iphone for me 
@elbeardo Just sent you an email... 
@elbee4 I love you too!  I got Twilight sweethearts from a student the other day and thought of you 
@elbertc haha. It is his year indeed! 
@elbiddulph Ouch!  You may be my mom, but even I know that you're pretty tech-savvy. Even more so than some people *my* age! 
@elbirth i doubt i am that popular but thanks  have gotten way too many DM's with links to the &quot;twitter traffic generator&quot;
@elcambo  just added you and erin on skype 
@elCAPTAIN2010 ice cream with sprinkles 
@elchapman The Neptune has it in 3-D . . . I am going sometime next week. If you don't see it with @_aims &amp; @allenbrand, keep me in mind. 
@ElCobra A metalroll perhaps, for non-metallers  Like this: &quot;Here's some coldplay&quot; -&gt; links to some heavy stuff, like http://bit.ly/P-GST
@ElCobra Thanks, there are some I don't know, will check during my lunch break 
@elcondetin but Kiwein made up for it  http://bit.ly/7se4I
@Elcongero Eberth, don't know what's going on...but will keep you in my prayers...so will Janette and Damaris 
@eldingre Even better than embrace- consumed even, but a warm textured feeling of consumed  nice 2 tweet to you btw,luk 4ward 2 ur tweets!
@eldon Exactly   I'd like to see a summary of what happened, then check out more past updates and keep getting new updates in real-time.
@eleanorgoodman I think Ste is having a bday party that would conflict with stripper clown night 
@eleanorhope lol i know 
@eleanorhope oh em gee i toatlly was! what a good song  off to bed me=sleepy..almost a zombie nitey nite el-ay 
@eleanorinitmann lol, and yes  Listened to them yesterday, love them today, amazing tunes! 
@ElecGeek haha!!! no offense to your power lines, nick!  trust me, i love my electricity. i just like a good country-scene photo too 
@elecons ah serenity. 
@Elecricheart_ miss you babe 
@electra Hey, darlin'!  Tearin' it up, again? 
@electra126 LOL  Enjoy your horsey ride. Just look about for midgets posing as kids... they don't go down as easy. 
@electrcspacegrl are you talking about my vile boss? jk! 
@electric_blueee I just read all your posts. With one of them you @bayy 'ed instead of @beyy . ahaha. yep, WORK BUDDIES  xo
@electric_blueee yep. of course us wogs cook the best  ily greeek (L) my grandparents would kill me if it wasnt from scratch.
@electricbluebrd Aw thank you. I suppose it's a good thing since it means more tweeting. 
@electricease I think the pink ones are the greatest 
@Electriceunice 
@electricheartz teehe 
@electrickeet All that sounds awesome.  Well, maybe not the Stockholm syndrome part, just Orbus's comment.  
@electricpurpa and... everybody hurts? Get rest ya Kak Yalla 
@electricthroat weird... us toooo! haha you better put your drinking shoes on!! 
@electricthroat YOU were pretty sweet! haha. you did a wonderful job last night 
@ElectricTouch just wait till you get locked out for an hour because of your Tweet-addiction .  Yes you can over-tweet, trust me 
@ElectricTouch Reese's Piecessss 
@ElectriKateD *screaming* hey sis! (hugs you) how are you 
@ElectriKateD haha zap that pesky thing and it will fix itself (laughs) yeah and I just adore the sun and the heat 
@Electrikgurl yes I do!  I'm sooooo happy!
@electrikitty nope. just enjoying not having to get up and go to work early in the cold cold morning. for THREE WHOLE WEEKS! 
@electrikk ahhh, i've always liked rise against  who the hell's travis mccoy?
@electrikk i feel like forward the 17 again trailer to you even though its got no relation but yum zac efron 
@electrikk thursay soung good, ask becka and gemma 
@electroginge Buy an Mac  yay
@Electrohurtz aww, i like that one, though... i sing it to my boyfriend when i wanna be sweet  #greenday
@ElectroKid5 HELL NAW! You can be mines though 
@electrophile19 fixed  thanks
@electropoof ohhhhh super duper ill consider seeing them play definitely 
@electrorash ahh no worries yo! hope it is not too cold there 
@electrosexxual Hope your night gets better! 
@eleesha nice quote, nice article 
@ElefantaSprout &quot;NOM!!!&quot; - LOVE IT! (i say nomnomnom to my preschoolers...and others all the time) 
@eleighdubs tonights game as in..#magic #cavs? 
@EleIsabel in a few days I finally get to see you bff*!  Im so happy!
@elektrckevin I don't have a red T, so I went with a &quot;Bathhouse the Musical&quot; T.  
@elektronaut All is well, hurrah. 
@elelellen: I too sold out after ragging on how gay I thought the concept was. I just nailed COD 2 on hardest 
@Elementalists thank god gal xxx  much nicer than urs
@Elementalists uhh well.. thats my private business dont butt in 
@ElementsOfJazz Funny that! I'm not he though. 
@ElementsOfJazz Good question, had a bit of a rough day and physically not well but I'm hanging in there and still smiling 
@ElementsOfJazz Hey Donna I have it this time jazz to relax, how's this, Ted Nugent the album Gonzo, am I on the mark this time? 
@ElementsOfJazz It goes, it goes. Nice to know that folks are thinking about you!   If I didn't reach out, then no one could grab my hand.
@ElementsOfJazz oh, HA!  my bad.  the Scofield.  
@ElementsOfJazz Sounds like fun, now hang on are you writing this in your sleep! Like when you wake up? 
@ElementsOfJazz that's why he's Mr. Big silly! 
@elemtech http://www.sonarhq.com    have fun exploring.
@ElenaBerrino Dude... I puffy heart you. That just made our day 
@ElenaBrowne awwww lol, is it gonna keep comin back like, forever? :O ha haa 
@elenajoduggan Those pics are cool, Ellie! 
@elenaray You need ideas? Never!  I've got a mountain of food styling and shooting to do today myself 
@elenarr Imo I reckon everyone would be jealous of our awesome sexytimes today 
@elenasharpn ironically - an 80 year old man probably has the mental age of a teenager... 
@elenawang  I love how even the rocks reflect God's glory
@elenaxoxo OW! I did that, the burn didnt go away for a month,. Feel better 
@elenderel  go to www.tinyrul.com and type the address in of the url you want to shrink. then click the button and it shrinks it for you 
@elenielstorm what's your name? 
@elensnoise lol. he just brought me some new contacts...nothing exciting at all 
@eleon09 HeHe...I can  LoL I don't think roller coasters will ever be so much of a thrill, though...that's sad...
@eleon09 oh she's a joy  I could go to the pool since Tawna bought me a summer pool pass....but I have this thing w/ swimsuits...not good
@eleonor thx, we missed us too 
@elephantbird . Just going to say good morning! to you too  on cocoa, working right now
@elephantbird ~Wow, Tim, thanks for the kind follow recommendation... That makes me feel wonderful! 
@elephantbird HiTim, don't you just hate it when that happens....and good morning Zurich 
@elephantbird I will   Enjoy getting the show on!
@elephantfreak That is so cute!   &quot;Hmm, I'll just finish this.&quot;  We have that place mat too! 
@elephantparty ya  just hurt my back so it's a slower walk than normal LOL
@elephantshoes75 u have a daughter!! thats very nice  how old is she?
@ElePhatt  LOL thanks you,  nice meeting you aswell, looking forward to our tweetversation 
@eles1 oh at night!! haha jkz dw den! its Denon the brand. n got a new capo 2! yay  oh n it sounds lovely 
@elesbells This excites me alot 
@elessar777 cannot be trusted around white clothes. just saying. 
@elevendreams doh, sorry about that. Perhaps I should have gone with &quot;happy thoughts&quot; 
@elexa Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@ElexisKababitch get on fb chat 
@eleynish Awwww I will be there.. With pizza boxes! See you lovely! Anything else I need to bring? 
@elfia thank you! hope to see u soon comadre! 
@elfinend hey there. no immdiate tips. focus on building a tribe, and rest will fall in place. we will promote as much as we can too. 
@elfo930 I wanna be at the front for general fiasco     (L)
@elfo930 yeahhh, the pain and suffering i went through was all for a good cause 
@ElFuerteNYC  but my no smoking counter is still holding strong.  can the yankkees.  not without torri 
@elfy21 awh i would so give you some if i could  Xx
@elg11 OMG youre so cheesy haha its why we all love you 
@elgecko how old are the babies? feral or tame? yay kittens! 
@elhose Good show tonight  I'll see you guys soon, come down to tampa!
@elhubcapo yeah it is 
@eli_cross YAY! you're here! I've missed you 
@eli_cross you probably could!  combine those two and you've got one dangerous betty crocker in your kitchen.
@Eli_Lama  If you are  trying to get me to be a landlubber you have succeeded,I'm on my way lol 
@Eli_Lama I do take time off, though not as much as I'd like. Next week is relax time in some hills  Wish I could do it all the time.
@eLi182 jup really enjoyable song, i'll start looking for some more 
@Eli214 You can hold on to me 
@elianech  It could indeed.     We're just waiting for Tony, Eve &amp; Butch to finalize .     Love the idea of a spanking costume party.
@EliaTours aren't you a good girl! 
@elibbybet They were pretty good  How is it going being back at work?
@elibrody I kept waiting for this to become sarcastic 
@elibrody thanks 
@elibrody you mean you are going to breath less? 
@EliciaKoay  what concert rat? I've only one gig confirmed for this year. U2 in October. See if we could get tixs for PSB. 
@elicoo Ill have to upload some when I get time 
@elidourado It's the yadda yadda that most people usually overlook with Hayek  Sounds like an interesting topic
@eliecia Wooooooooot! What car'd you get? 
@eliesheva no need to overdo that either--too much h20 can actually suppress supply. Keep an eye on yr urine too 
@elihorne dude you gotta stop being so busy..   my top is 189. 
@eliichpu MEEEEEE TTOOOOOOOOOO maybe watch some tv like me? 
@eliiiiza  I feel ur pain, I've been unemployed since getting anxiety. blogging.jadecraven.com is my current 1 but im changing everything
@eliiiiza exactly! my grandchildren will be able to se my teddy... they won't be allowed to play with him, but they can look! 
@eliiiiza he's doing what he does best... sleeping. he's about due for a bath, just waiting for a warm day, so he can mostly sun dry  
@eliiiiza it is. You've just gotta get it lined up properly, then go! much less wobbly lines than slow and steady 
@eliiiiza It was a Tuesday-free day today 
@eliiiiza yep @tdm911 is sick so i'm taking advantage of the lazy time 
@Eliizaabeeth  haha i like modern studies..... its my favourite subject  haha i guessing you dont feel the same? xx
@eliizabetty maybe we will meet there. i want to go and study in london/england too 
@Elijahbutterz sure, I'm printing a load next week, will keep u posted 
@elijahhamblen Glad to see you're on Twitter. 
@elijahsipin when ? 
@Elikapeka taking your advice! 
@elikonky I'm trying to figure out what the buzz around tweeter 
@elinahafizah i'm going to express soon! 
@ElinaMarta so what?  CilvÄ“kam var but 2 vardi ? 2 uzvardi ir vel kautkas saprotams, bet divi vardi - kÄ?pÄ“c?
@elinasteph yessss! i really want to dori  do you?
@elinbs I saw Bolt in 3D. It was fun 
@Eline_Kullock Hi Eline! Could you help me? What do you think about the support of the Gen X for the Gen Y at present? Thank you! 
@Elinesca i'm not sure if they have it in london! but isn' london is famous for cupcakes? just go to tesco n get the one already pack ! 
@elinotbabyhaha http://twitpic.com/6q74s - GOOD TIMES, GOOD TIMES. 
@ELintheUK and where was that? 
@Elisa_Wiefel - still working out the details... 
@elisabby haha i love you too misss 
@Elisabeth_89 sounds like a good 'un 
@elisabethkn : Post it, DM me, e-mail me, carrier pigeon, whatevs.  
@ElisabethRut 
@ElisaC LOOOL - me too! Send me the link when your article is up 
@ElisaC Thanks. 
@Elise_Olivia haha i figured it out lol, are you proud of me? lol not soo sexy now huh  lol
@elise0703 Hahaha, that sounds pretty cool  And how are you doing?
@EliseMichelle Ditto. An incredible weekend with a phenomenal family  Blessed.
helping my sister organize her clothes..and taking everything she doesn't want 
Helping out@rrradiogirrrl with the bachelorette party she's organising. Tonight i'll be on the couch though, watching animated movies 
Helping people to come visible is my job, because in that way we all can be in the light - not only few people in the world. 
Helping Shawn and Twyla make peach jello shooters for the party tonight. 
helping some friends , makes me feel pretty good 
Helping some friends move some stuff out. Out of MY house! Me so happy. 
Helping someone with their homework. 
hemma frï¿½n Grekland tillbax pï¿½ lovely office 
Henbok Journal is finally launched for public. http://henbok.blogspot.com/ 
her and it's coming out of her pay check. but she like the clothes and the accesories 
her bitchass woke me up!! fcker.. buh thank god im fkcin' off tomorrow!! finally!! 
her hair is a hot mess the claw is so 1990s   
Herbivore is slamming! Who knew vegan could taste so good?.... I did 
Here  11 Days to Summer VACATION !! @ and a half MONTES of Sleep , FUn , And sleeeeeeeep )
Here  dude we got here n a table readyyy fo us 
here @ my sister's offce. i'm almost doing nothing. Darn it! anyways,.tweet with me.  alright.? ;]
Here @ the barber waiting for my cut. This is my favorite part of the week! 
good morning twitpeople 
Good morning Twit's and Twiteet's...on my way to yet another wonderful Sunday Worship Service. Hope your going to do the same! 
good morning twits! 
Good Morning Twits!  Let's makes today x100 better than the one before! Start runnin
Good morning twits! Day three of physics, last chance study, oh please lets hope i get it all done.. 
Good Morning twitta bugs im halfway ready for work don't know what's planned gotta check my calendar! But im still a G no doubt! Lol. 
Good Morning Twittas! Rise and Shine!!!!!! Open you eyes and stretch for 1 minute, take a deep breath and say &quot;Thank you God!&quot; 
Good morning Twitt-dudes for all around the world 
Good morning Twitter  - Watching Scrubs with my sister 
Good morning twitter  *Shooting Star*
Good morning Twitter  I am okay,just work work! I see that my menager write here message :] So have a great day
Good morning twitter  I need more followers
Good morning twitter  It actually is afternoon but who cares, I just woke up, so it's good morning for me  I had THE weirdest dream 
Good morning Twitter  woke up at 500am &gt;.&lt; and my phone was dead
Good Morning Twitter and everyone else! 
Good morning twitter buds! 
Good Morning Twitter Bugs, what are you guys up to ? 
good morning twitter fam! a lil sleepy this a.m. but i'm getting my cappacino on 
Good morning twitter fam! Just took my little nephew jr to school 
Good Morning Twitter Fam! My Bulls lost last night. Congrats 2 all u Celtics fans. U better hope they get their shit straighten out now. 
Good morning Twitter Family  How is every ones Sunday starting. Oh really thats good God Bless Your heart and all your Parts lol
Good morning Twitter family  I need to motivate myself to get ready
good morning twitter folk, happy Tuesday 
Good morning Twitter friends - a sunny day in #furniture Belgium and concequently wish a good feeling 4 all   You feel good?
good morning twitter from me and amirah!!!  
good morning twitter how r u? well im going to a surprise b-day party for amanda see yas! 
good morning twitter land 
Good morning Twitter land....wats on your agenda 4 2day?? 
Good morning twitter luvs...celebrating mamacita's bday today 
Good morning twitter migente... Let's make this a GREAT dayM 
how come i cant upload my pic..? hhhmm night night every1  x
How come no one told me starting a small business would be so much work????? 
How come the winespectator video channel is so slow, ha @JamesSuckling  ? http://bit.ly/66CyR
how cooL! google changed their logo for the 25th anniversary of Tetris  http://www.google.com/
How could I ever choose...hmmm...good thing I don't have too 
here agaiin 
Here again. 
here again...who knows? take it as it comes, &amp; gotta c how the kids r listenin'!  Hope all of ya have a gr8 1!!!
Here are 20 ; i hope you write them down and learn Ladies and some Gents . Ha 
here at applebee's. britney spears is playing. 
here at Blockbuster &amp; who do I see? cutie from last week... w/ her BF. glad I lambed out before 
Here at Henry's, waiting to go to breakfast. 
Here at home playing phase 10 with my mom 
here at home! 
Here at my cuz's place 
Here at the PC!!! write meeeee 
Here at work just chillin and missing my family.  It's summertime and it's beautiful today 
here comes another week of work tomorrow... 
Here comes goodbye  ? http://blip.fm/~4mo61
here comes the rain again,  nice
Here comes the Son... 
here comes the sun ! 
Here comes the sun! Come to Nectar for Happy Hour w/ Dj Sosa of GOODS crew for Throwback cuts, Food &amp; Drink specials! Party on the Patio 
Here comes the sun, Do do do do, Her comes the sun, And I say... ...It's a glorious shorts day  Whupeee 
here goes nothing! getting my first tat! 
Here goes... By 10 today i'll never have to do maths again 
here i am, i just finished to play GTA i love this game! 
Good morning twitter nation 
Good morning twitter peepettes. It's a beautiful morning so looks like it will be a good day, and weekend  I love England sometimes!
good morning twitter people. I think I'm gonna go fix me some pizza. That sounds real good to me right now! 
Good morning twitter world 
Good Morning Twitter World  enjoy your day 
Good Morning Twitter World  it's a gorgeous day today!!! 1st thing's 1st...wash n set and then it's whateva...what's good 4 the day?...
Good morning Twitter world  Just a lovely day for an exam isn't it? And another walk with the dog.
Good Morning Twitter World ! I Hope You All Have A Wonderful And Blessed Day ; Have A Lovely Weekend And Stay Out Of Trouble ! 
Good morning Twitter world! 
Good morning Twitter world! Let's have a productive and positive day! 
Good morning Twitter world!!  
good morning twitter world...sun is shining! jiiihaa have a great day yaï¿½ll! 
good morning twitter! i enjoy my good coffee 
good morning twitter! im up and have an early meeting...hope everyone has a good day 
Good morning twitter!! 
Good morning twitter!!! 
Good morning Twitter!!! Its too beautiful a day to spend inside studying... So I guess I'll spend it outside.... studying 
Good morning twitter&quot;ers&quot; 
Good Morning Twitter, Just woke up!  
Good morning twitter. 
good morning twitter. Happy Mother's Day 
Good morning twitter. I leave school today  cant wait for the prom on friday 
good morning twitter. i slept well. 
good morning twitterbugs 
Good morning twitterbugs!  it's friday! 
good morning twitterbugs! have a wonderful sunday! 
Good morning Twitterbugs!!! I've missed you guys! 
Good Morning Twitterbugsss.  Hi New Followersss !! =P
Good Morning Twitterers!   It was a delight to get to meet some Twitter Friends yesterday.
Good morning twitterers!! Time to get this party started! Long day ahead. So essited! 
Good morning Twitterland 
good morning twitterland  very tired but time to get up and get ready  back at school though which kinda sucks work experience was epic!
Good Morning TwitterLand!  I know today is going to be a productive and active day for me!
Good morning Twitterland!  Watching Vitas on youtube,  going to buy art supplies later and grading some quizzes  to wake up. Howya?
Good morning twitterland! Got me some coffe but I'm thinkin I'm still gonna stay in bed 
Good morning Twitterland! Preparing to get my day started. I pray that I'm successful in my quest. Wish me luck!!! 
Good Morning Twitterland, happy Sunday 2 u all. I wonder what today will bring?? I need to get up and have some breakfast first.   xo ...
good morning twitterlings  we made it to Friday!! 
Good Morning Twitteroonies!  How ya'll doin this mornin? Im sippin my tea and readin my emails,. any plans for today!?
good morning twitterrr 
Good morning twitters  I am not dead but I did sleep for 10 hours.
Good Morning twitters  If u could have anything u want.. what would it be?
Good morning twitters  who wants coffee,  cafe con leche?
good morning twitters x another hottie  wherever u are, and whatever u do..have a great day x
Good Morning Twitters!  Do You have a Trouble Tree? This man does  http://bit.ly/Jsxm
good morning twitters!  its nice out again!
Good morning twitters! Going to class, kÃ¼sse 
Good Morning Twitters! It looks like today the sun will shine again!!!  WOOW!
Good Morning Twitters! The sun is shining out today ;) Hope at it`s going to be a fine day 
GOOD MORNING TWITTERS&lt;3 
good morning twitters. 
good morning twittersphere! Been away (from Twitter) all weekend, hope everyone's happy 
Good Morning Twittertown! How are you today? The sun is shining, it's Friday and life is good 
good morning twitterveres! let's start the day w/ a smile... even though it hurts! 
good morning twitterverse 
Good Morning Twitterverse!    Hope you are planning a marvelous day!!!!  Make someone smile today ~ it's SO worth it!  :0)
Good Morning Twitterverse! BUSY day! First up, Grandparents' Day at Jacob's school. 
Good morning Twitterverse! Headed out to do a NEW Signature Speech today in my community. Topic? Twitter! Woo-hoo 
Good morning twitterverse! Up early, packing my bags and getting ready for my trip to the one and only Playboy Mansion 
Good morning Twitterverse!!! 
HOW Could i forget how freakin AMAZING 'No Transitory' is?! Download it rightnow!! Aaahhh my ears are happy 
How could I have forgotten how much I loved Bloc Party? Oh yes, sweet sounds. 
How Cum westlife 2 on jonathan woss !! 
How cute a nice man that likes me stopped by 2 give me an APPLE!! 
How cute is Federer? Totally cute 
How cute... Jose has 2 pics on his fridge &amp; 1 of them is of my Bella.  I think he secretly has a man crush on Edgar 
How dare it rain on my parade.......morning 
How deep is your love? - The bird and the bee - http://bit.ly/FP4QK  ( lovely and lovely 
How deep is your love? Mariana Trench deep? or Skin deep?  ? http://blip.fm/~7c6kq
How did I ever cope before 3G phones I could connect to my laptop? 
how did i miss this song? @devon_says- &quot;because today was a day just like any other&quot; 
How did i not know about 'search my network's bookmarks' on delicious?!?! Thx @sleslie #ttix 
how did i not know there's a harry potter theme park being constructed? it's set to open in 2010. i really, really want to go. 
How do I get a picture on a iPod ? 
How do I send messegaes to someone else on twitter, its so frustrating not knowing everything lol, not use to it lol, have a nice day all 
How do the weekends manage to go by so fast???  Have a good week everyone 
How do u send people a message on this thing?? 
how do you commute to puerto galera? and how much does it cost per person? 
Good morning twitterverse. Been up since 5 w/ @ceejay3k. I hope today finds all of you in high spirits with all of your needs fulfilled. 
Good morning Twitterville - it's the first day of summer! What are you all planning to do today in this glorious sunshine? 
Good Morning Twitterville I am truly thankfull to see another Sunday time to get my praise on it's Chuuuurch time 
Good morning twitterville its so nice twittering early in the morning 
Good Morning Twitterville! Happy Monday... starting my mornin' off watching The View, sunshine, and my Twit-l0ves  Great day ahead.. 
good morning twitterville! im in school right now. how's everyone doin? 
Good morning Twitterville. Hubby shampoo'd my office carpet last nite, smells fresh in here!  How are YOU today?
Good morning Twitterville. Today is my hubby's birthday.  While he's sleeping in - I'm enjoying my coffee. How are YOU today?
Good morning twitterworld! 5 more days till the love OF my life comes home! YAY!!! even the rain cant damper this mood 
good morning twitterworld! another beautiful day off work  will go for another longer ride on my bike - have a great day yourselves!
Good Morning Twitter-World, i wish all a verry good day 
good morning twitterworld. 
good morning twitter-world. 
Good morning twitterworld. Had a good night sleep due to someone making me happy. ;) smokin a cig then startin my day. 
good morning twitties  why did i wake up so early? well, i dunno...
good morning twitts! heading to church. get up and give the Lord thanks 
Good Morning Twitts!!!! Happy Wednesday 
Good Morning Twittville.  How are the fine people of Twitter doing today? Its sunny in Santa Cruz....  we like that. Coffee time...
good morning twittw fam. up early, happy this is my last weekend as a dance mommy until sept.  anera's recital is 2morrow. ROCK ANERA!!!!!
Good morning twittzlers  LOL
good morning twotter 
Good morning Universe!!! 
Good morning universe, how are you today 
Good Morning Upper East Sider ! 
Good Morning USA, comeÃ§ou American Dad. 
Good morning Vancity! You sure are gleaming with sunshine today! 
good morning virtual world 
Good morning WARM WEATHER!  feeling good. &quot;haunting for witches&quot;.&quot;in my arms&quot;. &quot;@ the world.&quot;
Good Morning wonderful world of Twitter!! Hope all is well, it Saturday make sure you have a wonderful day and blessed day 
Good morning World   This will be another wonderfull day, starting with breakfst with champions...  my kids ofcourse
here i come NY! See you guys when i get back 
here i go again with the &quot;Twilight Saga&quot;... I just watched New Moon trailer, and omfg, Jacob what have you done? *drooling..* haha 
here i go to 2000's followers thank you for all your support  is so hot have a look http://hopurl.com/63779
Here I was racking my brain and @stephdanforth was on google.  I'm done.   LOL
Here in L.A. At da Club for friends VIP Bday...with all da gays hahaha hot boyz 
Here in Smalltown,Illinois for 8 yr old girls softball.It's as fun as it sounds.   A couple of leads in car search, drove a few nice rides
Here is a funny one I added laughter on my list twice. I guess its super important 
Here is a good tip for you imac users   Pressing SHIFT+CTRL+EJECT on ur keyboard will make ur screen go to sleep..not just making it black
here is a great question.....why do ppl talk about me who dont even know me stupid ppl  glad im so important in other ppl's livess
Here is a photo taken by me. The photo of the day.  Friendly Neighborhood  Spider-Man  http://twitpic.com/2yggg
here is an image of my new mimobot Fairybit peeking over my keyboard   http://bit.ly/zrIun
here is my computer always bored no one s online  hehehehehe
Here is my new blog, check it out  http://theinnerworkingsofadreamer.wordpress.com/
Here is my personal twitter page, in case anyone wants to follow me over there.  @jaimemcknight
Here is Susan Boyle's Final Performance on BGT...   http://bit.ly/Wt1O7  Yep, she can still make me cry...She is still the best  Congrats!
Here is the new xbox with it's war paint http://twitpic.com/6opu6
here it  is: the OXID Commons program  http://bit.ly/3ffN6 #oxcom looking forward to meet you 
here it goes  the hills finale 
here it is if you haven't seen it   http://twitpic.com/6qetd
here it is once again... http://aiesecinbangalore.wordpress.com/ 
here it is: the OXID Commons program http://bit.ly/3ffN6 #oxcom looking forward to meet you  (via @OXID_andrea )
Here just thinking.Boys think we're just clueless.What they don't know is that we doing the same thing they are but we got game. 
Here on my mom's office. Nothing much to do. 
How do you handle stress? Here at AutoSource Carla smokes and I eat 
How do you like my outfit? Looking good? 
How do you love someone by Ashley Tisdale !!  I LOVE IT !! &lt;3
How do You Love Someone? Love that song  I heard it tho it doesn't come out til' july...
How do you love to dress? Casual or smart?  Me - casual every time  www.mistral-online.com
how do you make smth really boring more interesting?  i reallly need help  my mind is wondering elsewhere while reading about kredex
How do you make someone GROW UP???  I'm not saying to kick all fun to the curb, but hey get a job!!  Easier to pay for your fun 
how do you sleep-jesse mcCartney is awsome! 
how do you wake up lady gaga? you poke her face  bahahahahaha thanks @Strehlre
How does it feel handsome  RB: @SpinningDiscs: Curtain pulled back..Here I am..Hello World..wants to pull the... ? http://blip.fm/~7c9x7
Here she is, the birthday girl...Happy Birthday Regina Anastasia Sarayar! WIsh you all the best 
here want to chat with my idol david archuleta. i have so many ask david .. 
Here we are  http://vintagefabrics.blogspot.com/
Here we go - pretty well prepared -  a lot of examples with me - and predefined some navigation 
Here we go again  #musicmonday
Here We Go Again lalalalalala Here We Go Again lalalalalala Here We Go Again lalalalalala Here We Go Again. . . .it's gonna be aweshome! 
here we go again! 
Here we go Saturday! I am taking odds on what time will be Cameron's first meltdown.  I am thinking the over under is 11:30 
Here we go, #BGT results now 
Here we go, work for me today. L3 training on the #VeloTron to be done before that, nice to have that to look forward to 
Here we go...PMQ's should be 'electric' 
here with @taikaish , that was a good conference  sitting here, talking, surfing 
Here with @tanyaajoanee   Studying though. Language final tomorrow
here with lilah! 
Here with sabine 
here you can see me and my love, Malin the Basset-hound   http://www.myspace.com/aura_diana
hereee with emma 
Heres a bit of James Brown to get ya groovin' to the weekend hehe   â™« http://blip.fm/~7nzmp
Here's a link to the podcast page for those interested in checking it out  http://bonesundercover.podbean.com/
here's a lovely poem i would like to share with the world. and thanks nicole and jace for sharing with me. 
Here's a morning &quot;wow&quot; for ya. http://tinyurl.com/cb7sjg I'ma go make coffee now. 
Here's a pic of the rock he gave me  I love it! So amazing. http://twitpic.com/6dcl6
here's a piece of his i really liked http://bit.ly/5Bd0U it's got that up tempo swing jazzy feeling 
Here's a shocker! For some keywords, I get more traffic from both Twitter &amp; article directories, than from Google 
Good morning world  Catching up on this week's episodes of X-Play &amp; doing some homework. The joy! #fb
good morning world  looks like another good 1,i need to sort out my room,i hate all the bits and bobs u think u need &amp; dont wy keep them ?
Good morning world  Today in #Poland we celebrate Children's Day (or rather Child's Day) â˜› http://ow.ly/akj4
GOOD MORNING WORLD !  hahaa i just woke up while all my friends just back from school ! im so f***ing boredddddddddd%^$%#&amp;^#
good morning world , good morning sunshine 
GOOD MORNING WORLD the time is : 556. A freaking M 
Good Morning World! 6AM huh? Interesting... Class at 11  sweet- let's get started on the to-do list for Tuesday!
Good morning world! Getting ready to go to english lessons ... 
Good morning world! Had the best weekend ever. I love being a married man  Thanks my love @georgeven
Good morning world! The earth says helllloooo! 
good morning world! time for a busy day 
Good Morning World! What's everyone doing today? 
Good Morning world!!  Come say hello to me and talk to me    http://tinyurl.com/dewf8p
Good morning world!!! Up early on our way to the airport. Going on our honeymoon to Hvar 
Good Morning World!!!!   Beautiful day here in NC.   
Good Morning World, Essay Day? Why Not 
Good morning world.  Only two weeks of class left (including exams)    I NEED SUMMER
good morning world. i have no idea why im up this early. lets chat. hit the cell if you wanna. 
Good morning world. I have to get out here and cut this grass in this TN heat. Meant to get up a lot earlier but u know how that is 
good morning world. im heading to meet my death for a hr. right now 
Good morning world. I'm taking my girl @phillygirl528 to six flags today 
Good morning world... I love waking up in a happy mood. 
Good Morning world.... another sunny sunny day  x
Good Morning Worlddd...my computer having a @songzyuuup overload..1st track..D.O.A 
How far have *you* traveled to open a can of whoop-ass? Today's flying time will be 3 hours, 47 minutes. 
How funny are 2 faced people....Soooooo busted!!! Gutted 
How funny that NSW thinks painting the big pineapple blue is close to tv feat of painting the opera house maroon. Origin is QLD! 
How funny were Stavros Flattely! I thought they were brilliant and perfect for the variety show  although Diversity are still to come..
how good are roundtree randoms? 
How good is God! Always knowing the desires of your heart and knowing the right time to deliver  Psalm 37:4
How Great Is Our God! 
How hard is it to get discounted rates from UPS? I've been back &amp; forth for weeks &amp; still nothing has been set. All I want is a deal 
How Hot is it really  Bliss!!!!!
How I got lucky enough to have such great friends, nobody knows 
How i love this sunshine 
how i met your mother, scrubs, desperate housewives then supernatural  good night on tv.
How I start my mornings. Breakfast and checking up on everything on the interwebs  http://twitpic.com/6tw3z
Good morning y'all   The sun is putting in quite a performance outside my window. Later today storms may be doing their thing.
Good morning y'all  It's on the chilly side here this morning -- in the 40s -- but the sun is out!
Good morning y'all! Listening to the kids play in the basement. Good for my spirit. 
good morning y'all...sort of feeling better but I think I'ma stay in bed all day just to make sure 
Good morning you all! How are you doing today? Remember, make today a good one! It's the first day of the rest of your life! 
Good morning you gorgeous people!  You know I'm talking to you   It's Monday morning and I want to wish each of you divine happiness!!!
Good morning young world 
Good Morning! 
good morning!   LAST.DAY!   x] im ready,for chaos  ; ]
Good morning!  ? http://blip.fm/~6illw
Good Morning!  @ada1276
Good morning!  beach today? Oh-yes! =D
GOOD MORNING!  checking on all accounts. 7:33 am.
Good morning!  everybody say it with me, &quot;today will be a good day.&quot; LOL
Good Morning!  Except for the rainy start, it promises to be a nice day. Off to Dunkin Donuts to get some breakfast with friends 
Good morning!  Glad we had beautiful weather over the weekend &amp; the rain held off...happier my new wipers didn't fall off this a.m.!  
Good Morning!  going to eat chick fil a for breakfast yaya xD
Good Morning!  Going to visit MC later with Rj Dancel!  I miss MC and the people I used to hang out with there!
good morning!  Happy 21st Birthday Bethany!!!
Good morning!  Happy Friday!  Starbucks to the rescue once again!! 
Good morning!  happy Sunday!!
Good morning!  It may be raining (when is it not in Llanberis), but I'm still smiling 
good morning!  it's coffee time - woohoo!  
good morning!  library to study all day exam at 830 in the am tomorrow! agh
good morning!  reading techcrunch, about Ovi store launch.. pheew.
How I would look if I was translated in the world of sprite http://www.tektek.org/avatar/27675236 made for me by my good friend Kerry 
How inconvenient! Folks pop out and there's a powercut. My expertise electrician skills fixed it...actually I just flicked the switch up 
How is everyond tonight? 
How is everyone on this lovely Sunday evening? 
How is everyone this lovely night? 
How is everyone tonight? 
how is it going guys? im here outside our house,, ahahah loving the cold weather.. 
Here's a song to thank all my wonderful new friends, it's all because of you  ? http://blip.fm/~7408w
Here's an interesting article: How to Write Good Tweets and Be a Good Twittizen. Read on, tweethears!  http://digg.com/u12L0l
here's hoping the gray clouds burn off--so it will be sunny and nice for my neice's 3pm wedding 
Here's Johny  - http://mobypicture.com/?ssi2bf
Here's more such stuff for you  http://is.gd/BA7U
Here's my other links= MySpace: www.myspace.com/DJGhostUSA  FaceBook: ww.snipr.com/g4igk [Add me ppl!] 
Heres Spanky. He's hard 2get a clear photo of but this should work.  http://twitpic.com/6cw05
Here's the deal guys. I'm going to pick 5 random followers and I'm going to follow you! I'll post the names 
Here's the homework link: http://bit.ly/17ja3l  Remember it's 2mins 40 in! Enjoy 
heres the link  let me know what ya think ? http://bit.ly/ozVL4
heres the link http://tofproductions.blogspot.com/ please check it out please comment  thank youand Evening all I'll si'thee
heres the link.  http://bit.ly/vKLjD
Here's the list - http://bit.ly/WVEDb  - Conflict placed at #52!  Thanks to everyone who tweets, blogs, or mentions
Here's the wall from earlier - http://idzr.org/dfsc (1920x1200, JPG, 2Mbs) 
Here's to a fun weekend 
here's to another wonderful month. 
here's to short days and cancelled classes 
here's to tetris, and remembering childhood handhelds. happy 25th 
here's what you need.  http://twitpic.com/660du
Here's wishing Dave Gahan a speedy recovery   http://bit.ly/BkMVM
Here's your Song of the Day  To me, it's talking about how you shouldn't be afraid of things ending badly, tr... ? http://blip.fm/~6t2gp
heroes for hire pictures are up on my myspace, stealing oneal, syg and all time low coming next 
Heroes is on so I'm heading off. I hope everyone has a great Friday. Much luv to you all as always 
Good morning!  sleeping a little more, cleaning, then seeing my awesome boyfrieeeeeeeeeeeend, lol
Good Morning!  Smile &amp; be nice today ~ &quot;Pleasant words are as an honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.&quot; (Prov 16:24)
good morning!  so very glad i'm not hungover from last night (hooray for hydration) and oooh, there's coffee in the pot! 
Good morning!  sun still shining but...birds ain't chirping..caprices ain't boomin, no crackheads beggin.....must be Saturday...
good morning!  to my followers &amp; fabulous ladies @kathyireland @marielhemingway @kirstiealley @alrojovivo @cherylrichardson @planethealer
Good morning!  today is going to be crazy. 
Good morning!  -well, for those of you who live in Amerika: Good evening!-
Good Morning! Another day closer to makin the dream happen... 
Good morning! Beautiful sunny morning--would just love to be on a beach or by a pool today! 
good morning! bonjour ! ï¿½buenos dï¿½as! 
Good morning! Can't help but feel energized because it is absolutely gorgeous outside 
Good Morning! Coffee anyone?  It's a hazelnut blend... Mmmm
Good morning! Construction on I-4 EB near OBT &amp; SR-408 WB near Goldenrod. Left lanes blocked, but no delay. 
Good Morning! Determined 2 make it sweeter than b4... 
Good morning! Don't forget to &quot;whip your breasts out&quot; (ouch?) when you breastfeed today! 
Good morning! Enjoying a cup of coffee along with a nice change in the weather (cooler). Go #Rockets ! Beat the #Lakers ! 
good morning! enjoying a delish McCafe Iced Coffee  Vanilla Yum!
Good morning! Feeling a little sNaRkY this morning.  How are you, you, you AND you?  
Good Morning! from Spaain ! 
Good morning! Getting Juliet up then going to Toys R Us to get a walker. Standing up on her own and falling, def needs a walker 
Good Morning! Getting ready for the &quot;Question of the Day&quot; at 9am (PST) then I'm going back to sleep 
Good morning! Getting ready to drive out to Elk Grove to work on some musica! 
Good Morning! Getting ready to go to San Juan! ComicCon, ftw! 
Good morning! Going to school now. 
Good Morning! Going to watch Terminator this morning with @thejuchniewicz 
Good morning! Graduation day 
Good Morning! Had a great night last night  Can't wait to see the NBA Finals
Hero's working on pics from this weekend. I asked for music &quot;preferably w/ sanity involved&quot; Got complicated spanish guitar.  close enough 
HErrroh, its 4:33 in teh god damned morning and im tired as hell but dont feel like going to night night time 
Hershey kisses and a glass a milk  I know not quite diet food  Going to check on my mom's dogs then laying out if Bayla lets me.
hershey park tomorrow 
Hershey Park! 
Hershey was AMAZING though. I went on freakishly twisty and loopy rides and met a really nice guy  I'm hoping to get to know him better
Hersheys cookies and cream, my fravorite 
he's (@DJedROC) hella snoring in my ear. 143 babe!  http://twitpic.com/6t6sb
He's a cutie   http://twitpic.com/6bfmf
he's a cutie   RonDon
He's almost 14 months. Yeah.. Its tough being a parent when running off no sleep but they are so worth it at the end of the day. 
He's also eatin fried worms &amp; crickets. I would try that. I had is good protein. 
hes asleep in my bed 
Hes becoming the reason why i go to bed with a smile on my face.. night ppl. 
He's been a right animal this afternoon. God I'm soooo lucky 
he's here   sleep over with the MR. night peeps !
he's home and he brought the sun with him 
He's just not that into u is coming out on dvd. 
he's just not that into you &amp; us weekly w/ kate gosselin on the cover...Pretending I'm a single man hater til the BF gets home 
He's leaving to the airport  and will be here in approx 13 hours. yippie! yay!
good morning! happy monday! 
good morning! happy mother's day to all the moms. i hope everyone will have a wonderful day today 
Good morning! Happy to be alive and well. What a wonderful day! 
Good morning! Hey guess what? It's raining outside 
Good Morning! Hope everyone had an amazing weekend  special shoutout to my new weekend followers!
Good morning! Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday so far 
Good morning! Hope you had a great weekend. Mine was crazy busy but I'm now looking forward to a productive week 
Good morning! How will you make this a Marvelous Monday? The choice is yours, really it is! 
good morning! how's everybody doing today? 
good morning! i had a wonderful dream 
Good morning! I know I Know I'm late 
Good morning! I love the sun 
Good morning! i still need to get my friends to come see JB 3D movie with me TODAY! I have to see it TODAY! 
Good morning! Im going to shoot today 
Good morning! I'm just woke up it's Mother's Day 
Good morning! I'm still in bed, but have to get up and feed the baby some porridge soon. Yummy 
Good morning! I'm working on work this morning so I can goof around in the sunshine later without guilt 
Good morning! It looks like another beautiful day here!  Wrapping up some final details, then headed to a rehearsal this afternoon!
Good morning! It's another beautiful sunny morning in Stirlingshire! 
Good morning! It's Friday  Will be busy today. Not sure how many, if any, #followfriday recs I'll be able to pollute my stream with.
Good morning! Just waking up.... NO CLASS so HAPPY 
Good morning! Just woke up. Today I should clean out my bedroom and later I want to do something funny. 
Good morning! Kid going back to school after 10 sick days. Looking forward to a productive week.  happy monday!
Good Morning! Looking Forward To Listening To THE PRODIGY On Radio 1 Big Weekend.  Brought Their Album Yesterday!! =P AMAIZE Tbqh. x
he's more than everything.. although its hurt, but he'll happy if really with her 
he's online 
hes so cute when hes sleeping 
He's sweet.Fun day.Brody got a skate board for his birthday.Got to ride the go-cart with Nicole.Buckle up with her she goes CRAZY! lol 
He's too awesome 
Het Tony, isn't you given forename &quot;Anthony&quot;? So that would make you no so cool.....right? TW 
heute 2030 &quot;Pokerstars Million Turbo Takedown&quot; gogogogo quadtan! 
Hey  @RachaelBrowmen
Hey  @UncleRUSH... XOXO 
Hey  Editing the site and working on my Social Studies project!!
Hey  i am at cadillac jacks  ~Jenn~
hey  i am new here so i wanna tell to all of you here , Hello
Hey  im in the best frikin mood ever!! And to top it off im watching ncis and eating myself a very late lunch  &lt;3
Hey - just noticed : You can now &quot;save&quot; your Twitter searches. Useful feature stolen directly from FriendFeed 
hey - mitchel musso 
Hey  Secret to getting thousands of followers on Twitter in days, totally automated: http://bit.ly/VIlIF
Hey  sorry I havent been on l8ly. but i just started Jenny Craig and I'm super excited!!
Hey ! happy summer 
Hey ! I'm going to shopping with my mum  Yeiii &lt;3 Day of the Girls &lt;3
hey ! me back !  What's going on in here ?
hey !! This Day Is Many Cool !! Coming  PREMIERE UP :::Today with my cousin
Hey !!! , this is a mileycyrus supporter and NOT mileycyrus herself , for mileycyrus go to www.twitter.com/mileycyrus  x
Hey #Abq and #NM when is the next #NMtweetup ??  
Hey #chickam2008 -2009, does that bird in the background have a bad cough? &amp; Does is purr too?   (chickam2008 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2g7K)
How long ago did Britains Got Talent finish, and they're still just milking it for all it's worth :S T.V. sucks bum 
how long must you wait for it:: coldplay :: 
How many #calories do I burn when I #laugh? http://is.gd/13uyv Alot, I hope 
How many boys does it take to take light a fire?  None, us girls can do it by ourselves. 
how many episodes of glee have there been so far?? 
how many lightbulbs are sold in the USA each year ? answer in 30 minutes.  valuable prizes... would be a good thing 
How many of you use TweetDeck?  And if you do...do you LOVE it? I'm about to try it out but would love some honest feedback....Holla back 
how many pairs of shoes should a girl own, anybody? help me out here, I'm having a domestic!  lol
How many times have you wanted to say this to a student? http://tinyurl.com/568d2o . The old adam is popping up again 
How much bouncing up and down do we need to do to burn off a regular sized ice cream? Hmmm, I better make sure I burn off enough tonight 
How much do I love this song? Free's alright now  is yay 
How much does that rock!   I'm a slightly happy hyperactive bunny right now.. must be all the coffee...
how nice to see old pictures @ http://www.billsretroworld.com/RETROLIFE.HTM go take a look.. it's cool 
Hey #DisneyRecords peace  love ya.   (DisneyRecords live &gt; http://ustre.am/3non)
Hey #SLC- Do something GREAT for your pup! Acu-Massage sessions w/ www.heartsofire.com next weekend -cheap- tell her we sent you! 
hey &quot;@mileycyrus&quot;write me back pls 
Hey ...  Don't have any bamboo yet, but I might get some in the next couple of weeks...  I can find out for you and let you know...  
Hey @718totheworld I'm being Stalked  Dude, I think u have a drinking problem
Hey @amandapalmer well done!   and added to your long list of astonishing talents.   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
Hey @annisarizkia. I think we're kinda sitting next to each other right now 
Hey @aplusk dude, where's my car?   (Ashton live &gt; http://ustre.am/2eOa)
Hey @ATLNinjaChele  let me know about san fran asap. Cause i really really wanna go. But if we don't we are gonna go camping. Actually ...
Hey @babyofmoshdolls !! .. thanks 4 follow 
How nice to send flowers to someone you nearly hate! It's a polite slap in the face. 
How often do any of you play the Wii? Reply with comments. @bthoenissen has been awesome at keeping this conversation alive 
how pr works: tnx 2 @mashable review on iphone twittr apps. decided 2 load tweetie. apple shuld send em percentage of that $2.99. 
How r the mams doing this friday? Dolce Hugs ladies  @pinkcornbread @momma_sunshine @mommy2jl and  everyone else #followfriday
how random/crazy/awkward/true is that? i'm supposed to be sleeping, goodnight. 
How rude is Simon Cowell!!???....&quot;Your not gonna win.&quot;....Vote Good Evans! Porve Simon wrong! 
How self-important am I  http://tr.im/mSAO
how should i do my hair???...considering a fade lol....hey,cassie did it 
how should i start? 
how soon they forget 
How strange... Can't find my memory stick, then I look at the desk, and my old memory stick that disappeared 3 months ago is there 
Good morning! Lots to do today. Going to my parents lake house tonight. 
good morning! making poptarts then heading to school 
Good morning! Mall and maybe movies today wiff Kaycee 
Good morning! Off to a cup of coffee  http://bit.ly/lxu8Z (chocolate/coffee brown laptop sleeve)
Good morning! One Monday left.  Feeling good.
Good morning! Playing mafia at tapioca  @mployr
Good Morning! Putting a colour in my hair and listening to Karnivool's new album Sound Awake, much thanks to @SketchyFletchy 
Good morning! Raining and cooler but always a beautiful day! Well, off to work. Smiles and hugs! 
GOOD MORNING! REALLY DONT WANNA BE UP, RATHER BE SLEEP BUT HEY! IM BLESSED SO IM NOT GONNA COMPLAIN 
Good morning! SAT time...Pray please 
Good morning! Should be a busy day- I hope everyone starts their week off right! 
Good morning! should be a lovely day 
Good morning! So glad it's a long weekend 
good morning! so much more to do today! have almost 2 more sets that need to be finished today for andy hartmark so i'll be busy ALL day! 
good morning! thanking God for another day feels good  let's make it a positive day keep the negative out. enjoy and bask in life!
Good morning! The girls barely made their buses - it's the last week of school.  now back to work. . .
Good morning! The sun is shining and I am going to the beach with a few bff's. See later when I am all tan. 
Good morning! The weather is awesome!!! 
Good Morning! This gets me happy and peppy in the morning...Estelle  â™« http://blip.fm/~7skiz
Good morning! Todays going to be a good day 
Good morning! Tonight: @therealgrouch and @therealeligh in Pomona! 
Good morning! Up early to go to this estee lauder and mac warehouse sale with @andramaria and ms. Neomi 
Good morning! Up:loved it! snuck a peek at my big burly man and he had tears! Awwwww...gotta love a movie that can do that! 
Good Morning! Uploading Bunch Of Sexy Walls To  Web... 
Good Morning! Well okay its 1.21 pm so not really morning - I just got up so it's morning 
Good morning! What a beautiful day  Time for work, on a sunday, blaaah..
Good Morning! Wish me luck today on what will my first (but not last) presser! Lord, gimme strength! 
Hey @bowwow614  Can i please get a shout out too Bow?   (officialbowwow live &gt; http://ustre.am/3gi1)
Hey @bowwow614 Love yaa   (officialbowwow live &gt; http://ustre.am/3gi1)
Hey @bryanbrinkman how are things going for you since the @jimmyfallon experiment, are ppl talking to you more now? 
Hey @BSS_Austin, what's a good not-busy time to visit the store when I can get help and feel like I'm not bothering the staff 
Hey @Canterk2008 ! Found you via searching &quot;horse&quot; on Twitter. Sounds like you had a great ride today! 
Hey @clarisseee not yet 
hey @clzdancr, welcome to twitter 
hey @dannymcfly my mum got impressed to your presence on stage after the show in sï¿½o paulo  x
Hey @danregal! Get in on the &quot;put the Twitter handle in the middle&quot; game, so we can see each other's tweets.  @boxspring @andy065 are too.
Hey @daughter_4oprah! tomorrow is your mom's birthday right? tell her happy bday for me!!  tnx! is she going to be on oprah??
Hey @DavidArchie im listening to your song tocuh my hand! hope you reply... 
hey @ddlovato please talk to me... please i'm still up just for you and i would really be so happy if you could answer me. just one word 
Hey @deangeloredman Mia!! Go to bed!!    (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
Hey @deangeloredman yes! Praise Him! lol   (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
Hey @DevineNews  liked my reply. Seeet! 
Hey @donnieklang can u please say hey to anna   (donnieklang live &gt; http://ustre.am/3ihw)
Hey @donnieklang thanks for the shout out donnie   (donnieklang live &gt; http://ustre.am/3ihw)
Hey @drummaboy_live @gucci1017... GUCCI! I named my Car after yu!! haha   (dboyfresh live &gt; http://ustre.am/3tKr)
HEY @dylansprouse1 how was your friday night? didi you go out? had fun? hahahahah 
Hey @emilyfernando! How you doin'? 
Hey @flyfishingfrenz my buddy @tylersorrells got your back man 
Hey @fuckart ! Suck my dick. I hate you. I hope you get fat in China. 
Hey @ginoandfran hey gino and radio1 kids, hyper and radio1 kids ah!!   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran is that your kid fran?   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran pls greet me (lemuel) and my sis liezel..we're listening   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran request---&gt;Photograph by Paolo Santos   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran thanks for playing u belong with me  it has a nice music video  checkitout  (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran thanks!  great show, guys  (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran you can also call us &quot;monsterinian&quot;.. haha sounds good right?! we rocks!    (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
how sweet it is to be loved by you.  --K.A.
how sweet you are @JoelMadden 
How the hell are we in Libertyville? Summer time comes around Missa and I are going to SS 
How To Be is out tomorrow  wanna get it x
How to Buy An Electric Guitar That is Perfect For You http://shar.es/HbsW   My son helped me writ this. 
How to Know Exactly What to Say After You Kill a Bad Guy http://budurl.com/vyep If u laugh, pls spread d love  http://budurl.com/bedt
how to tick people off  http://bit.ly/14aXf #nuts #verrÃ¼ckt #wahnsinn #insane
how to tick people off...LOVE this  http://bit.ly/K76lJ
How to win an argument: &quot;Yeah, but I'm the naked chick right now, people are going to listen to me.&quot; 
good morning! woke up feelin soo blessed to see another day... 
Good Morning! YAY! My dad is getting me a new laptop for graduation!!!! Thanks dad 
Good morning! You're waking up to One Morning in May, so here's James Taylor - on Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/uRv 
Good morning!! 
Good morning!!  i ate a dove candy today..  here's what it said, &quot;whatever you give, give from the heart&quot; I liked it! have a good day!
good morning!! heading off to church then to the mall 
Good Morning!! I couldn't sleep in today.. and I kinda like it! I love waking up early &amp; having a long productive day ! 
good morning!! i hope everyone is doing great! 
Good morning!! Nice weather today! Thinking about what to do today..... 
Good morning!! Waking up with a bit of a hangover sucks :/ haven't drank in a while haha time for breakfast! Mmm have a good day tweeps 
Good morning!!!  At work enjoying a quick breakfast then seeing patients until 3 . Have a good one 
GOOD MORNING!!! .  What did you have for breakfast? I had a banana and my pills. Lol 
Good morning!!! Buenos dias!!! I am having my beautiful breakfast... A banana/soy milk smoothie 
Good Morning!!! I hope everyone has a wonderful day, it is another busy day in the office for us 
Good morning!!! I pray that everyone has a wonderful Monday!!  love y'all!: Good morning!!! I pray that everyo.. http://bit.ly/ijfEg
Good Morning!!! Lets Praise God today in all things!!! Praise God it's Sunday! Praise God it's May 31st!! come on you can do it!! try it! 
good morning!!!!  i woke up listening to a beautiful voice. karina pasian. look her up!
Good morning!!!!!  It's Friday!!  
good morning!....well, good afternoon twizzles! man, i slept like a perfect dream last night. feelin great 
HOW TO: Put Twitter on Every Web Page. http://migre.me/1ev2   New tool that fosters Twitter buzz around web pages. 
how was sundowner  @warothe oddly, i'm just as exhausted as any other day...totally spent can't even lift a limb.
How we saved a bumblebee  http://www.mchenwears.com/blog/?p=727
how will i finish everything? if until now, im still hiding underneath this blanket! btw, im lovin the cold weather 
how would you feel if @taylorswift13 was in a GoBernos video? eh eh 
How you doin?  http://twitpic.com/7iu5r
How you gonna see me spread the video if you're aren't following me?    Travis M told about SD, so its good to see you on here!  U N ATL?
How you hold your glass.....or body-language tricks   http://bit.ly/eGknB
howard had dethrone the king 
how'd I know.(me too!) @ElizabethPW who knew registered domains could be a yardstick of creative ideas? Sure there's many more to come! 
How'd I miss ur tweet 2 me after last Sat @UNOSpokane? Just saw it. I knew u were joking about Fusion or else I would've had to hurt you. 
howdy hu hum and a barrel of laughs to all (translation hiya, hope all is well) 
Howdy to John &amp; Kate @TexasEscapes friends of mine with a Giant Texas website called www.TexasEscapes.com  Howdy 
howdy ya'LL!!  everybody okay 2day?
Howdy, People!  I've picked up my load &amp; now I'm off to Gainesville, GA to deliver tomorrow morning 
Howdy? Rainy afternoon to all. You guys loving the weather? 
However it is nice to listen to the birds and the occassional turkey call.. 
however the boy is ill and i have no idea if my artist is gonna turn up to my next session. metal music will see me through this essay. 
However! Let's say crackheads shouldn't fk with Dusty and myself.  Also Jarett really was a write-off.  
However, I am upset about hearing about the new iphone 3G S..I'm kinda jealous I only have the 3G and no &quot;S&quot;..oh well, the new update = 
However, I go to bed  Good night
However, I love my iPhone... Can't wait until next week!  WWDC is coming!  &quot;Maybe&quot; new iPhone.  
However, I love Top Gun and Mission Impossible...
Hey @ginoandfran... gino dancing?? why not try the famous &quot;careless whisper' dance on ustream.   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @ginoandfran: ang saya naman dyan sa booth nyo.   (GinoandFran live &gt; http://ustre.am/2YyQ)
Hey @glidemag can you pretty please give me free #ROTHBURY tickets? I'll be your best friend 
Hey @halltom. Have to do 70-536 as base exam - scheduled for next Monday, and then 70-562 in a few weeks 
Hey @hawkcam Hi, Mom. Bringing a breakfast delivery.   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @hawkcam hooray for Portico coming back to the nest   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @hawkcam there were some visits earlier today   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Hey @heatherhoc  Good morning!   You ready?  It is a beautiful day to travel.  Keep us updated.  
Hey @HeyAmaretto Amaretto. Sorry, had to do that. If you listen to Daniel Tosh you'll get why I did it  â™« http://blip.fm/~8an73
Hey @JennyMay - It's Kara from Sarathan Records. How's life in Oxford? I visited there once a loong time ago... 
Hey @jimalger No I am not drunk... just sitting in my seat LOL   (Common Sense with Jim Alger live &gt; http://ustre.am/2KwN)
Hey @JohnLloydTaylor u know... hmm.. you are very cool john!!! and funniest ;D I love the new songs of LVATT  greetings 4 u and the band!!
Hey @jonasbrothers * Hi Jonas! Thanks for visiting argentina! My questions are: I like South America? Go back?  * #jonasliveonfb
Hey @jonasbrothers *hi! its devon&amp;chloe  our dad was wondering if you could do a genesis cover sometime? that would be awesome* #jonaslive
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonaslive You guys are AWESOME!! skittles or m&amp;m's????  -Shantal form Arkansas  
Good Morning(with mad energy)!! I'm UP!! And I can't stop thinking abt my ending scene...sh*t,my fist is still hurtin lol 
Good morning, 13 Days, 10 Hours &amp; 7 Minutes without alcohol 
good morning, a work at home day, working on PD manual  will be good when done
Good morning, and thank you to my 5 new followers - I appreciate it and am following you back.  
Good Morning, BB Lovers!  Happy Sunday!!
good morning, btw! VOTE FOR TOM! http://bit.ly/VwV6H  
Good morning, everyone   It's raining outside and I don't care! Going back to bed to cuddle with my man
good morning, everyone  school now. off to tell the great tales of the boss &lt;3
Good Morning, everyone! 
Good morning, everyone!  Gorgeous day!  
Good morning, everyone!  It looks fantastic outdoors!
Good morning, everyone! Happy Sunday! 
Good morning, feeling a little sick. Ah well, I shall be better for tonight  
Good morning, finished breaksfast, at 9:25 going to cut grass, then working on my computer for the rest of the day! Peace 
Good Morning, folks... Glad its not raining! Up &amp; at again... Publicity hat on all day! Have a great wondeful day Muah OxoxO 
Good morning, friends! 
Good morning, good morning, good morning to you 
Good Morning, Good Morning, Good Morning to you!  (I was singing it as I was writing  Have a good day!
Good morning, got a few errands to run. C u soon  http://twitpic.com/6rbhn
Good morning, guys! 
Good Morning, Happy Monday, and Happy Birthday to Jonah  My &quot;baby&quot; is 13 today...
Good morning, Have a Blessed Day  
Good morning, having a coffee and reading the news - i love these lazy mornings... 
Good morning, hopefully evry1 had a gr8 weekend. Putting up Summer Reading Program info on site..updates in a few 
Good morning, I just updated my gallery at Poppytalk Handmade  http://www.poppytalkhandmade.com/gallery121
Good morning, I overslept...but that's allowed! 
Good morning, it's a beautiful day 
Good morning, Kansas City! And welcome to all our new followers  It's gonna be a great day, if cloudy &amp; windy &amp; 66
however, if that was for me - I didn't do shit today aside from buy stuff from melissa. I got a leash for Amelia 
Howling, drunken people at terraces  must be the sun
How's everybody today??  Me i'm awesome
how's everyone ?  hava a nice day !
hows everyone doing today 
Hows everyone doing today? 
How's everyone?  (via @BrokenSword) fab now that I've realised it's only Tuesday and gained a day.
how's it going twitter? 
How's that term go again? &quot;In over my head&quot; ... yep, thats the one! 
How's your day? Mine was okay. Did some errands. Now, I'm gonna help my mom iron our clothes. 
howsoever is nainital.. Momos are too yumm here  #fb
Howwwwwdy twiterbuds 
HP and I are talking with Anji and Ryan from Lovespirals about our Sunday get together in SF. We can't wait 
HP is on warner channel  is bigger than me, something dows not want me to study properly today!
hreat day. partyyyy later 
hrhr, coldcaller was faster with hanging up (without saying goodbye) than me 
HS Musical 3...more sap than a pine tree but damn it if i am not stuck in it 
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfb jonas brothers im ur biggest fan in the world lol 
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfb nick my lucky number is 7 too  im just like u in every thing  i l;ooooove u
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfb nick ur my fav. plzzzzzzzzz marry me i loooooooovvvvvvvvvve u 
Hey @jonasbrothers Are you excited about filming Camp Rock 2? ..PLEASE play Got Me Going Crazy on tour  See you in Toronto!! #jonaslive
Hey @jonasbrothers How was the wiffle ball game?  #jonasliveonfb
Hey @jonasbrothers i cant wait for LVATT, what would you say your favourite song from the album is? emma, UK  #jonasliveonfb
Hey @JulianGallo66 take care of this cold... hope you get better really soon 
Hey @KaizerAllen! How are you? Sure. Lez talk here on Twitter. 
Hey @katbut!  Thanks for the #followfriday.  Have a great weekend!  
Hey @KevinSpacey !! XOXO 
Hey @kms007 its so cool watching you pen your artwork!    (pcweenies live &gt; http://ustre.am/Gin)
Hey @leeetle you rule. And you made me smile today 
hey @lennykravitz fantastic new site Lenny   rock on tonight  See you on sunday  Marcel
Hey @LifeCoachMary great call tonight!   Love the work you are doing, keep shining!
hey @mafilsboss!!!!! let's get @Andrewgoldstein wasted tomorrow  he would love it more then everyone else on tour 
Hey @Mainestander @SkySports @tahhzinha @FunkyMonkfish Thanks for following Oasisteria. Check out the website www.Oasisteria.com!! 
Hey @meerabeth when are you coming back up here!! FREE coffee at tullys all week!!! 
Hey @mileycyrus I am soooo excited to see you! I am most likely going! 
Hey @mileycyrus i was in the bathtube when the earthquake happened. It freaked me out. i live in fountain Valley by huntington beach. 
Hey @MileyCyrus wer can we vote!? 
HEY @mitchelmusso  It would be SUPER BALLER of  you to tell @sparker37 Happy Birthday! Her big day was YOUR CD release, too! how special! 
Hey @mrsday26 yess!   (Fee417 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2O0y)
hey @music_flurry! thanks for the greet! good morning! 
Hey @musicmom411! Welcome! I just read your last tweet &amp; say &quot;rock on, darlin'!&quot; to Adam Lambert. That boy's faboo any way you cut it. 
Hey @my4brats!  Long time no talk girl! 
hey @nabilabilo, welcome to twitter hahaha. nab, when nadia is home, we totally shud hangout together yaaa! 
Hey @nefudadon yall are too much! Thank you for my happy birthday song haha   (NEFUDADON live &gt; http://ustre.am/2US4)
hsbnd talking about why he's a FB looker not a poster. says he doesn't have anything interesting to say and he's not funny, that's funny 
hsm 3 again. haha. 
Html for the site is finished.  Just basic updates left, and posting to further establish the plot and DS canon characters. Come join us! 
http://3mix.com/~ah more music: our friend &quot;Uncle Muscles&quot; and his &quot;Welcoming Force Promo&quot; mashups and originals on this stellar mix 
http://42.pl/u/1G7N - yoda-powered translation service  #pl D
http://adivashammer.blogspot.com/ An anniversary post for my love 
http://bbltwt.com/griuu &lt;- Check baby out!...it is time 4 LadyScholar 2 get her beauty rest, so Good Night tweeties &amp; I'll c u n tha am 
http://bit.ly/10p0yw - I'm glad Dell kept Alienware around. 
http://bit.ly/10pWXs  Damn! That was incredible! 
http://bit.ly/11WKl2     haha v easy, but i like it! @hockeyband @zuzluz
http://bit.ly/12N2jo vÃ­deo musical oficial de Transformers 2. Linkin Park faz a sua parte 
http://bit.ly/12NNs6  I think it turned out pretty good  what do you think about it? 
http://bit.ly/133OI6  nkotb chatroom, some chat was about Retro Rewind   
http://bit.ly/13gpqP A big hill and a fabulous view!! 
Hey @patty_la jajaja ya me  dic uenta ke si.... me pones la de beyond the sea?   (patty_la live &gt; http://ustre.am/1Ale)
Hey @robluketic nawwwww pity no show no more lol great while it lasted though aye   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Hey @robluketic wow cheers for the insight ppl  looks FUN oh im just stunned..it's AWEOMSE!!!   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
hey @sciencechannel! we don't need geek pride day--we already rule the world! 
Hey @SemihSupremo follow me 
hey @simikn what time should I call you?? we'll look at the same star again ok? 
hey @simplynadz! season 2 in the US. but u could watch it on YouTube/sidereel 
Hey @SoboMag, I love you guys! 
Hey @songzyuuup Come on Trey what about DC??  We ain't too far from VA.  (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @songzyuuup just leak all the damn songs and call it a night lol jk   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @songzyuuup say hi to my sister Gloria plz darlin!!   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @songzyuuup U NEED TO GO HEAD AND SING FOR US...DNT EVEN FINISH GETTIN DRESSED   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
Hey @souljaboytellem  SUPERMAN!!! Woooo i'll Help ya   (souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem 2 billion Chinese - u gonna help them get their swag on  ???  (#followsouljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem bow wow and soulja give me a shout out please   (#souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem DANCE DANCE   (#souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem hey babe! shoutout rechelle from miami   (#souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem hey you guys are black.... so am I   (#souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
Hey @souljaboytellem sonqz cominq too damee ; im in there  haha  (#souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
hey @star45 sending some Florida sunshine your way  Supertramp ï¿½ It's Raining Again ï¿½ @DJDolceVita you m... ? http://blip.fm/~5jucn
Hey @strictly, you owe me chocolate. Hard drive arrived TODAY. Have it in my hot little hands. 
Hey @Stuttterblog ! Thanks for the follow! Hey stuttering peeps, let's all welcome @Stuttterblog 
hey @taylorswift13 =will you be coming to Malaysia anytime soon? 
Hey @theannaemilia , i saw siniÂ´s friend yesterday, i guess.... 
hey @TheBellaV  nice site!
Hey @thebookpolice BIMs def not all girl  The otherhalf @derekgebler @gwincr11 @mdpoppy @mworringer @soundedfury @nateleaf @ericveenendaal
Hey @TheRealRyanHiga You should speak Japanese in your videos more often LOL i loved it! 
Hey @thewordmagazine, re: my previous 4 tweets, there's a feature idea there surely? 
Hey @troytaylor86 lol  hell yea cuz i say i hate turn my swag on, i sing it 2 ppl! lmao  (SongbookTV live &gt; http://ustre.am/3nhV)
Hey @twisource melbourne, australia !   (Imprint LIVE! live &gt; http://ustre.am/14PY)
Hey @upartylive YAY Ben!!!  loooove the crack song   (U Party Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/2u98)
hey @volunteeringwa get that wine ready I am on my way TGIF 
hey @webaddict are u feeling okay? u look a little green today. 
Hey @wibiya - can you guys hook me up with a beta?  I am DYING to add your toolbar to all of my websites today.
hey @wordhealys (Ed) I added you on Facebook! 
Hey @x17online ahhhhh im glad too see kellan again   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online could you ask Rob Pattinson to bring out an album please    (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
http://bit.ly/14AvvB   This is an AMAZING song!!! I love this song!!! 
http://bit.ly/14l3nm  new shots to share at tedbelton.wordpress 
http://bit.ly/15jeLr Puppy Mill horror story with a happy beginning and ending!!!  
http://bit.ly/15njCU  they're writing about me  @CommanderCobra
http://bit.ly/15qORS here our last week qummy Party 
http://bit.ly/16Dc1B  This is awesome. 
http://bit.ly/17qAeg   here we go now 
http://bit.ly/18uKdN  agree! i wish he would do a daily video all the time!!!! 
http://bit.ly/19FSZW  oohmygoshhh i'm excited  can't wait!
http://bit.ly/19pEDI  this made my day 
http://bit.ly/19tiS4  This is like the best thing, ever. Natasha Khan is fcking brilliant 
http://bit.ly/1a4vu2 /19/2nTSU-mFWGs cutest song ever 
http://bit.ly/1a8asn Love when stuff like this pops up on my front dA page thingy. 
http://bit.ly/1aaVe0  - I love this video just because I love Charlie so much 
http://bit.ly/1bxUJa   please add your name.. 
http://bit.ly/1h6sG    &lt;&lt; Twilight D-Day Vegas Jay-z , check my site and comment 
http://bit.ly/1hKJf  battlefield comes in this month 
http://bit.ly/1nlYRy  Alternative search engine.  I love it a lot and its my new home page.  Usually get better results then others too. 
http://bit.ly/1orPB  this is great  be sure to read the description
http://bit.ly/2BVQJ Ten Cars Teens Want Most! (via @ForbesNews) wow  (via @AsiaBrands)
http://bit.ly/2lne6W  FreeBSD meeting on FISL. MacOS counts as BSD? Yes 
http://bit.ly/2m7rLj   -  funniest thing I've seen/read all week. XD seriously, just read it 
http://bit.ly/2vJ88   BRAND NEW!!!!! DREAMING OF ICE NECKLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
http://bit.ly/2WoQfz via @addthis hahah yes! she's your lady RPattz  Robsten is â™¥
http://bit.ly/31dCt  donations are welcome 
http://bit.ly/39R9L2  ngh? s? tï¿½i n?ng th?t 
http://bit.ly/39YSx9 via @addthis  Sign up and vote for my designs! I have the #1 global image! 
http://bit.ly/3AQoZ9 I was looking to get out of the house without spending all my money and remembered this 
Good morning, love! Coffee time! 
Good morning, loves. 
Good morning, lovies!! Watching Ocean's 13 blowdrying my hair. Hope you're all well 
Good morning, Malaysia! How are you today, beautiful? Please don't scorch my face when I'm out today. 
Good morning, Monday  It's good to see you.
good morning, my tweets!  try starting your day with this scripture -- John 16:33  
Good morning, off to work today, nice shower cum first!  Hope everyone gets to cum at least once today 
good morning, on the way to the office and get busy for a long day.... 
Good Morning, people! 
good morning, sunday! 
Good Morning, Sunshine  Going 2 my 1st classroom observation 2day...as soon as I get dressed
Good morning, sunshine! I`mm gonna start my day wth some movies. 
Good morning, Tweeple! Have a nice day! 
Good Morning, Tweeters! Up and awake and sending some positive energy your way! 
Good morning, twitter!  From: the Philippines!!
Good morning, Twitter!  Hard to wake up - it's raining here, perfect sleeping weather 
Good morning, twitteroos!  from, today sunny, #saintjohn
Good morning, Twitters!!! Good morning, Monday!! 
Good Morning, Twitterverse  Happy Wednesday to all of you. Today's Business Time! http://bit.ly/WbcFO  oh, yeah!
good morning, Twitterverse and happy Followfriday 
Good morning, Twitterverse! 
Good morning, Twitterverse!  http://ff.im/30mIB
Good morning, Twitterville! Time to get ready for our canoeing trip. 
Good morning, um afternoon, everyone! I guess I slept in too late this morning  Trying to catch up on sleep after last week's chaos.
Good morning, up &amp; at 'em again! Not even close to recovered from yesterday. On the bright side, it's only a 10-12 hour day today 
Good morning, world! 
Good morning, world!  Due to what I'll call a clerical error, I got up an hour early today XD On the plus side, I got a free train ride!
Good morning, world. 
Good morning,Twitter-family,help me in welcoming @hawkingron to twitter 
Hey @x17online Hey to all my chat room girls waiting for Robsten   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online love miley and zac efron! the climb will win!  LOOK AT ZAC'S HAIR, OH MY GOSH  (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online noo way, get out   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online TWILIGHT MUST BE WINNER   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online Whitney is so cool!!   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @x17online Yay Shawn wants to meet the Twi Cast  adorable  (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
Hey @ZenDoc not too busy to say Aloha and Happy #followfriday to you 
Hey ~ @TheRealNobody  Your Are Lovely!~ @ykesha2001   x x x
hey after hours of trying 2 upload a tut i finally got it done  please check my beauty blog at http://madeformakeup@blogspot.com
hey alex yu is hawt guuuurl. lets walk to maccas hahaha chaiichaichai 
hey alexa  lol i know im getting annoying bt my mom wants to know if we're gonna go on june 12? Im so srry if im bugging you ;/
hey all  whats everyone up to this weekend?! weather here is horrible im staying in tonight :/
Hey all just thought I'd stop and say hi.  headed to meet my sis and run around Chicago
Hey all my followers  Please follow @xTwilighter, she's a very nice girl to talk with and she also loves McFly ;P Come on, guys!  xx
hey all my hand is doing great! got full feeling back within a few hours  after carpel tunnel surgery. very little pain yeah!
Hey all Sat in hotel bar with Tizz putting worlds to right again LOL. Karen (Pen) has just left as has Sami Been a fun day 
Hey all you happy PAX bacon lovers. I just did my daily check of Amazon gold box and it seems to be bacon salt and friends! 
Hey all! @mrtreve should be back soon!!! 
Hey All! Catch my show tomorrow @ 5PM Pacific Standard Time 8PM East Coast 
Hey all, please follow my friend @Rossco_NZ !  She's a cool lass, a New Zealander but living in Newcastle!  She's smashing!! 
Hey all. Follow @EllieBartkowski !! (my twitter jail account for #chuckmemondays ) 
Hey all...thanks for the new followers! If you're following me and I'm not following you back please @ me so I can apologize! 
Hey Andrew- use your GPS 
HEY ANXIETY...YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN!! CHECK OUT MY NEW BLOG AT WWW.TERRICOLE.COM learn natural ways to chill out 
Hey anybody following me dat can produce cause i got a great idea for a tv show hollah lol!! forreals though hear me out! 
--hey asshoe, if yo not goin play da gaiime propa, den go play someting else-- lol    ddr
Hey averyone, follow my friend @Larasexypanties She's new here, but so hot and has yummy panties for sale 
hey babe. In your new pic you remind me of a mermaid  btw check msn!! [@iPenginBrijhe]
Hey baby- Jonas brothers 
Hey Baby&lt;3 love it! 
hey back on my ex wouldnt shut up and kept saying ohhh why did you break up with and i love me he is such a dick head anyway im still emo 
hey bacofoil non stick really is non stick - thats a relief 
HEY BEAUTIFULS  WATS GOIN ON ? 
hey big spendaaa! i dont pop mycork for every guy i seeeee..  i crave acting. i want to act!!
Hey blessed ppl jus got done wit church  had a great service today
Hey blippers.... ive missed you all!  ? http://blip.fm/~4opur
Hey body, if you could stop feeling sick and having to pee so much, I'd appreciate it. 
Hey Brian whatssss up man  good to follow you. Im cruizing but still twitting i love this stuff but youre sister hates it...talk soon
hey broke 200 followers, thanks  hopefully i can have a convo w/ more than 5% of you
Hey brown line riders - there are bridge issues in the loop. Look for shuttle services 
Hey BSB !!!!!! How you doing? just wondering when is the new album comming out ? i am soooo shyched i can't wait for it  lol 
Hey buddy, wats happening...what r u planning on doing tonite, of all the options i have given you  which one you will take up man..
http://bit.ly/3edzkY  @mileycyrus @mitchelmusso i love youuuu 
http://bit.ly/3j14q    found it on some dudes myspace. they hell outta time 
http://bit.ly/3jPPfO  The American world 
http://bit.ly/3kZ6P  I need this shirt 
http://bit.ly/43NfvF  &lt;-- Twitter client for the Commodore C64 
http://bit.ly/4biXcx  i could live here 
http://bit.ly/4eYMOr that's where i am 
http://bit.ly/4i46RR  STRIKE is the best ever ever ever 
http://bit.ly/4oZWTH   then go to this one  much better
http://bit.ly/4y1Zze Manmohan's A team announced...... B team to follow on Tuesday 
http://bit.ly/5Gjrt  &lt;&lt; Please watch this and tell your friends 
http://bit.ly/5LJ1T  &lt;-Starting early  lol
http://bit.ly/5MTAS The lazy man's cutlery. 
http://bit.ly/5oqpx  love it 
http://bit.ly/5pBLz  for McCoy's initial rant.  
http://bit.ly/5PRJB  ..yeahh thats right.. thats my boy!! 
http://bit.ly/5uab4 Sign the petition for Buffy the Vampire Slayer to be immortalized on a Monopoly board. C'mon ppl!!! Thanks. 
http://bit.ly/5zGmX  Day 131 of Free Gao - read to see the latest numbers and get others to help please. 
http://bit.ly/5Zi3N AWESOME sushi 
http://bit.ly/5Zkvt  Tater tops, vote for the best villain 
http://bit.ly/60hCB  happy saturday  everyone 
http://bit.ly/6cqmk  --&gt; Thisis just, AMAZING!! Haha 
http://bit.ly/6cqmk  &lt; this made me smile 
http://bit.ly/6Cw7g  easily what i'm most excited for 
http://bit.ly/6Dnq2 via @addthis  Lemon drop Juliana style earrings.  Very feminine 
http://bit.ly/6igRk  ASHLEYS NEW SONG 
http://bit.ly/6QL2X  I has a new shiiiirt up.   Buy it!
http://bit.ly/6RREp  GO SEE HER  worth every penny! can't wait for june22&amp;august21
http://bit.ly/784RA  Video Contest 2 celebrate the 20 anniversary of the CRC! Participate! 
http://bit.ly/7jJd0  support by leaving a comment!  Hee!
http://bit.ly/7wPvM  I think my No.1 album of all time... 
http://bit.ly/8moUN  haha love that 
http://bit.ly/8n5Zd  this one too  #MARSISCOMING
http://bit.ly/8SWCd - Free Wordpress themes, 2 so far more to come.  Want a particular colour theme let me know and I might do it for you 
http://bit.ly/9fH9y  stay positive stay freak 
http://bit.ly/a0m7W  This is the new sh*t !!! 
http://bit.ly/afDfu  im so poor US-AU dollar is so stupid. buy me this and i will love you for life 
http://bit.ly/AXzDE  I'd buy that with the lassie hahaha 
http://bit.ly/b2zNR  thanks vid &amp; ramble  pls rate comment and sub
http://bit.ly/b6du3  The Jonas Brothers in the Nokia Green Room .. CHECK IT!! 
http://bit.ly/be9nb   COME ON VOTE FOR @vickytcobra WE'RE OVER 500 VOTES   VOTE EVERY 20 MINS YOU FOOLS;)
http://bit.ly/be9nb #GetGiBackInTheLead McFLY FANS EVERYWHERE SHOULD HELP 
http://bit.ly/BNn3R  SMAP five-member Dragon Quest CM! So happy whenever they have a group project 
http://bit.ly/BtJCz  The 10 most ungreen films of all time! 
http://bit.ly/C4JgY  HAHAHA, AW SO FREAKING CUTE &lt;3 I LOVE YOU BOYS 
http://bit.ly/CfR6k Check out the beautiful wave images 
http://bit.ly/cH8W0  aw his voice was sooo cute 
http://bit.ly/COoNf via @addthis Funny movie 
http://bit.ly/cxFyB - Alan quinlan must be worried about travelling during this swineflu pandemic... 
http://bit.ly/dJdEF  omgs; watch it - so cute 
http://bit.ly/DmHtQ  Ashely Tisdale - It`s alright, It`s okay 
http://bit.ly/E1fng  - I love this song... 
http://bit.ly/eCid4 via @addthis Thinks dad would LOVE this on fathers day after the kids go to bed.  it ain't a tie!! check it out!
http://bit.ly/eFc3f  good readings 
http://bit.ly/Enc2A  WANNA COME DOWN thiz iz my ish and the BEAT iz so REFRESHING &amp; DOPE Trey SOnz 
http://bit.ly/EObBB  - The bird I picked up last night 
http://bit.ly/f5Fwq       i&lt;3this
http://bit.ly/Fa605  also love this one 
HEY CAN SOMEONE TELL ME WHAT DAY THE TCA IS??? PLEASE 
hey can you guys recommend some cool iphone apps to me  ? thanxxx
Hey check out my new blog, http://www.examiner.com/x-6143-Chicago-Enneagram-Examiner Learn about the Enneagram to land that great boss! 
hey chelsee its amiera!   &lt;ufc&gt;
hey christina!  want to go to the south florida boat show w/ me sat??    if i were a dinosaur, i would be a lickalotapuss    hehehe
Hey Crammer, Apple (AAPL) better start going up again or I'll be in the Mac n Cheese Line at Vons! 
Hey darlings, how is everyone today?! I'm just munching on some yummy special k  kisskiss xxxxx
hey Dasit thanks for the message 
Hey David! Gone on the Eye yet? It's my birthday, and you singing @ Ipswitch-best present ever! Have fun breakfast hunting! 
Hey dear followazzz!  Hahaha, Sorry for not tweeting today, was at the beach.. and got a good tan!  hahaha awesuum
Hey demi! Life is great and with you? 
Hey did you see us in last Friday's Metro? Invest in a place in the sun???  Wonder where we'll feature this week.... ;)
hey dudes..hows life? i'm good..fine..great..amazing..wat else?..no idea 
Hey event planners, SimpleSeating Pro is coming and it's going to be AWESOME!  Just my humble opinion of course.
HEY EVERY BODY!!!! LOOK I'M NOLONGER A BROWN BOX... I'M SO GLAD 
Hey every1 @love2drum2003 nonchalantly drummed along 2a very gay song   http://twiturm.com/ufny HMMMMMM! (DO SUM RIL DRUMMN NEXT TIME !)
Hey every1, how are u all?  Hope u all ok  &amp; havin' a great day, afternoon &amp; evenin' !!!  I'm sorry I didn't say hello in 2 dayz!
hey everybody 
Hey everybody Bruce says hi! 
Hey Everybody Long Time NO Tweet  LOL ... I Wonder When I'm Gone Do Ya Miss Me??
Hey Everybody!  New Bloopers are up for 3 and 4!  There aren't too many because you guys are getting so good! 
Hey everybody! Been gone, what have I missed? 
hey everybody! What a nice day 
Hey everybody, guess what? The site is updated! Now hurry up and get your name on the waiting list! http://www.bobbleheadadventures.com 
HEY EVERYBODY, I HOPE EVERYONE IS HAVING A WONDERFUL SUNDAY 
hey everybody. follow me 
hey everybody...  back again
hey everyone  on my laptop home alone, good life. until mom is back. eeeeeek
Hey everyone  so typically....burned my hand at the furnace grate...
http://bit.ly/FCVJj nugget photos taken on 6/1. login &amp; password are both 0531waylonholst. enjoy 
http://bit.ly/fLa7E  i made this for my best friend 
http://bit.ly/FlZ8w  ..  answer please ) hahaha
http://bit.ly/fox-season-finales  --&gt; The Simpsons, Family Guy, American Dad in their season finales. Don't worry, they'll be back 
http://bit.ly/FT41L  - woman sprays H2Ocean in her eye purposely, watch her hilarious reaction (contains swearing) 
http://bit.ly/FxyLw  to Save 10% on Bed, Bath, and &quot;Beyond.&quot; 
http://bit.ly/gB5RD Please keep on voting for @jennifer_davies and @jamiemcreject and make sure they stay at the top 20! 
http://bit.ly/GbGti  get with the depth of the song. 
http://bit.ly/GlAes  This song is my life. I just wanna dance 
http://bit.ly/h0OHy  such a cute picture of him 
http://bit.ly/H9qPk  Very cute sunflowers and bee  (with heart)
http://bit.ly/hB69N Vote in @backstreetboys  #BSB
http://bit.ly/HjFkr  classic Luis Miguel in english Hunchback of Notre Dame movie Las Vegas 
http://bit.ly/HJvhK  limp bizkit feat. ?????? - n2gether now 
http://bit.ly/i3VhG  check it out. Unique production shoot next month! 
http://bit.ly/I3vqf  add me if you havent already 
http://bit.ly/i9dip  - fantastic T Mobile ad  Makes you smile!
http://bit.ly/Id6Zn &quot;Entrepreneurs can change the world&quot; 
http://bit.ly/IgcGI  I'd love you if you commented. 
http://bit.ly/IlFha   PLEASE check out my latest beat! Its a loop this time! 
http://bit.ly/iSEIR   looks like so much funnn i am going to do this right now 
http://bit.ly/iTBIn  perfectly blind apollo 
http://bit.ly/iTTZv  hilarious! davids! 
http://bit.ly/iXZAj  new picture- comment 
http://bit.ly/jcxqm  I've had this in my head all day 
http://bit.ly/jfP42  @PhillyD has a new vid. I'm a recent subscriber. The intro is inspiring. 
http://bit.ly/jm13b   WATO, THEN SILVERSTIEN, THEN TBO! live, right now.. in cardifffff   
http://bit.ly/jq1eV  That's great 
http://bit.ly/jqmSJ  Expialidocious remix...  Fixed link.
http://bit.ly/JRhPM  . That right there, is the new moon trailer 
http://bit.ly/JVhti  Taylor looks good a brunette too. Also, this song is great. 
http://bit.ly/jY7AZ  my latest pics 
http://bit.ly/k54Yn via @addthis check out my painting's do you dig it? message me if you want it 
http://bit.ly/k5Zn - The Fabulous Shmenge Brothers - by Jim Cim #humor #comedy  (Meant to be funny 
http://bit.ly/K87l5  already 50 votes for chazy... we'll make it! 
http://bit.ly/kFoP7  he sure has some dance moves :O 
http://bit.ly/Kg3dB  my second rap tape... first was Fatboys when i was 8 
http://bit.ly/KifVg  korea's 2ne1 with sandara park. whew! gotta say i love the vids. 
http://bit.ly/kLk6w via @addthis Inspirational speech , you must watch this 
http://bit.ly/KNo6e   kudos to you if you can name what movie that's from
http://bit.ly/l73B0  ahahahaha!!! i love it, better than what i expected. 
http://bit.ly/l83i1  for HSG wish list  you wish!
http://bit.ly/lhGyB  This is so awesome. Aw. Cute.  Now I'm going to do smthg with my dad&amp;brother. See you soon. :]
http://bit.ly/LIzYg  .. used to play this using a ruler against a cheek 
http://bit.ly/lLCL3 Business Scene Suffolk - Book now for our first event in Suffolk thanks to the Write Impression for our lovely venue 
http://bit.ly/LOHXS  It's pretty ridiculous how much I love them 
http://bit.ly/lqt9S   Nolan's at it again 
http://bit.ly/lSsHJ  check it out here 
http://bit.ly/LtjAz  Please  Vote for meee, Cecii Still in Love with Nick Jonas. PLEAASE  THANKS ;D
http://bit.ly/lwol1  &gt;this is so cute! 
http://bit.ly/m0qNm http://bit.ly/m0qNm http://bit.ly/4xGNa7 daily inspiration  #abdz
http://bit.ly/m3l7z  TRY dis tell me ur reaction,thanks 
http://bit.ly/M3ZPH  This always makes me smile, even if it is from awhile ago. 
hey everyone !today i didnt go to school coz i had a dental appointment lol 
Hey Everyone Ashley here!! Please add the EastWest Boys myspace. It's myspace.com/eastwestboys don't ask how I found that out 
Hey everyone check out the Levi's promo on my blog, chance to win Levi's GC's 
hey everyone follow @demilovatoscoop please 
Hey everyone hope all is well... I am off to take a nice relaxing bubble bath after a long day at class 
Hey everyone invite me over somewhere tonight!! 
hey everyone just slept over at the Bff's house with my besties so YaY!!  ::this beat is sick i want to take a ride on the disco stick::
hey everyone we have a group chat going on gmail chat! join us! loveandlogicrock@gmail.com or AIM loveandlogicrock 
Hey everyone! HAPPY EOFYS!  I love that add
Hey everyone! I just wake, good morning 
hey everyone! just wanted to say that twitter IS addictive! And I hope I'll find some cool new people to talk to! 
Hey everyone! Sorry I've been away from my computer and I will be for a few days. Hope you all are well  New updates soon lol
hey everyone! this is first tweet 
Hey everyone! What's up? And before you ask that in reply. Im practising my Growl 
HEY EVERYONE!!! IM BACK 
hey everyone, another reminder, please help me get my acting going by following @LOOKtheMovie and telling them why I should win 
Hey everyone, cant wait to start tweeting 
hey everyone, grab your tickets at ticketluck.com and use the discount code CAROL to get the biggest discount  i jus did! its awesome!
Hey everyone, I on Chicago, Illinois 
hey everyone, just started broadcasting my games channel. Check it out  www.justin.tv/xedus_?9
Hey everyone.  I'm at work again....looking forward to the weekend.  Hope to do some shopping for myself for the first time in months.  
Hey everyone. I'm soo glad Friday finally made it even if is almost over 
Hey everyone... follow @therealcharice -- she has a crazy amazing singing voice! If you don't know Charice, you will soon. 
hey everyonee  talk to meee!
HEY EVRYBODY WATS UP???? 
Hey Extremely Cool, Interesting, Amazing, Extreme &amp; Not Extreme People! Welcome 2 new tweets who found me~Extremely Cool! How Are You?!x 
Hey FatiMAX. I'm sorry about our prim in FS if you don't like it. I made it quick with little effort. So you can change it if you want. 
http://bit.ly/M9Avq FPO Â»The Little Book of IY A...Offset, 6/6, die and deboss...oh so pretty 
http://bit.ly/mc8bg  WOAAHH i can't wait!! 
http://bit.ly/NCpZe YO VOTE FOR @thomasfiss  I NEED TO WIN!!!   
http://bit.ly/nkyG6 ROUND 3 has started! ^^  In the meantime, *smiling at Ch. 41*  I'll get to a post on it later. Right now, bath. o.O
http://bit.ly/nPD1a   -  Fuck you (Lily Allen) // cool 
http://bit.ly/Nx0YN  go watch it now~! 
http://bit.ly/O90TT who wants Edward Cullen when there's 'The Chosen One'.. 
http://bit.ly/OA7p0   this will always be my favorite video.with kevin and nick would've joined in.  ~svetlana J. CO
http://bit.ly/ODvPt .. google just reminded me of this great lil remix 
http://bit.ly/OFzFj  Attention parents! What age should your kids date? 
http://bit.ly/oGXsv  You can vote for me @ http://the199shop.livejournal.com/ 
http://bit.ly/oh7rd    if you dont know what im talking about, its pretty funny 
http://bit.ly/oLMUv I'll be driving on the autobahn today through Holland! Okay, it's just from Waverly past all the windmills 
http://bit.ly/OPqcy Hooking on to the net at Starbucks  http://yfrog.com/eg4xsj
http://bit.ly/oShZp  this is cuuute 
http://bit.ly/Ott4u  wow cool 
http://bit.ly/p6K67  lolz i &lt;3 mad.tv 
http://bit.ly/P7qdn        Please be mine live in rio 
http://bit.ly/PBQjC  people watch this! I found it pretty funny  xx
http://bit.ly/PmvRY  keep on voting!   1 day, 5 hours, and 1 minute left to vote for @DavidArchie and @dannygokey as Mr Twitter Universe!!
http://bit.ly/PmvRY  VOTE! Tomfelton is catching up, and the ONLY tom we want in 1st place is FLETCHER! VOTE FLETCHER  thanks!!
http://bit.ly/pn29U  The perfect saturday's song! G'Day evrbd 
http://bit.ly/pOajh  this is why I love him  Let's go pens!
http://bit.ly/q0zRC  fly with me &lt;3 omg, i cant believe how amazing these boys are. i love you @jonasbrothers  
http://bit.ly/qGAjN  help get my video some views pls so i can get back my budget raised 
http://bit.ly/QiWYV  ok video up again.. watch and pleaseeeeee do it 
Hey folks - welcome my friend @helen_close to the twitterverse 
hey folks imjust about to jump in my nice big bath, it has loads and loads of bubbles and is gonna be soooo relaxing...any 1 jealous? 
Hey follow @gilbirmingham (Billy Black) it's the real one!  xoxo from Chile
Hey Follow one of my friends by clicking on this link and grow your own twitter family fast  http://TwitterOnlineSystem.com/Keithstr
Hey fools, Bianquaisha is my soulmate for life, and were gonna grow old together, and die smiling and holdin hands  LOL
Hey friends for #MusicMonday check out singer/song writer Josh Carroll he's on twitter @jcarrollmusic. A voice &amp; style I know U will &lt;3! 
Hey gaiz guess where i'm going?  - http://tweet.sg
hey girlie i luv ur videos 
Hey girls! Just checking on phone! Gotta run, gotta lot 2 do 2day! 
Hey girls. Amazon tonight. Tim coming to town. Its going to be fun. 
Hey go follow @itmn 
Hey Gokey Gang!!   How is everyone??  Thank goodness I don't need my voice to chat with you guys!! 
hey guess was @magicmanil the Lakers won and KOBE is mvp  just thought I would tell ya haha
Hey guys  Are anyone of you in Germany?? I hope soo, here is it sooo boring 
Hey guys  estou doente ...
Hey guys  Let's chat at my chatzy  LOL :] http://www.chatzy.com/696117085346 I just don't know when I could be online there 
Hey Guys  whatÂ´s up
Hey guys  Yes! Now I have twitter! I hope you follow me!
Hey guys- check out @eTaxes who are dedicated to stopping taxation on internet goods 
Hey guys dont forget to tape the ELLEN DEGENERES show tomorrow at 4pm (pst) cuz I will be on a portion of it!   http://twitpic.com/3jp49
HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD @MattWayneCeleb please and thank you  ... please retweet thank you
hey guys i am so happy today and i really want more followers   love you all
good morning.  awake...having some Otter Pops with my girls: Alex and Shana. 
Good morning.  Catching up on emails, enjoying first cup of coffee.  Had a great weekend 
Good morning.  Good morning luv. Its my favorite lovesong. I've waited all night long to say good morning. 
Good Morning.  http://plurk.com/p/xh3se
Good Morning.  Its hump day.  Cool morning for June 3. Getting ready for another day @ work.  Have a good 1 
Good morning. A little wrecked but it's a short week for me 
Good morning. Away to Glasgow again later. I must like the place or something 
Good morning. Bacon&amp;Egg&amp;Cheese Sandwhich. Yumoooo 
Good morning. Beautiful day. Graduation today  and the sun is out.
Good morning. Going to the pool with the Trinidadians... Basically, my new besties! 
Good Morning. Gonna go finish laundry, the pack for pannama city!! I'm so excited!!!!!  
good morning. have a great monday, everyone. 
Good Morning. I got a feeling today that if we don't worship the rocks and trees will  It's a beautiful morning!
GOOD MORNING. I'm gonna go and prepare for another shoot  [+]
Good morning. I'm listening to www.proudfm.com Adam and Deb's morning show.  Hope you're all having a great morning.
Good morning. Isn't it beautiful out. me = 
Good morning. Just looked out the window  http://twitpic.com/2yhsy
Good morning. Leg actually less painful this morning which is a bonus! 
good morning. lie-in mania 
Good morning. Lifes good 
Good morning. Need coffee. 
http://bit.ly/Qlv2O  vote vote vote. for ashley and ashley please 
http://bit.ly/QMooh  NEW 80's style rap song , I love it 
http://bit.ly/qOszb   whoaa so cool 
http://bit.ly/qPASn  Also pretty fun.  
http://bit.ly/qzdC0  &gt;&gt; previews, please comment! 
http://bit.ly/r2P6S  this song is awesome lol I love it 
http://bit.ly/rMW0d  - is THE funniest video i have seen in a very long time - side splitting really 
http://bit.ly/ROWQi my bebo 
http://bit.ly/rwjfn  omg i love Miley voice 
http://bit.ly/ryWtN - Can't wait for Above and BeyoncÃ©! I wonder if I can get it. :/ There's the VIDEO side too! 
http://bit.ly/s3VJw  HAVE A QUESTION? SEND IT IN!!!  wanna know more about me and Baby!?? xxx oh sweet love..
http://bit.ly/s7hQe   Translate XMind to your language. 
http://bit.ly/T17fl  mary ann &amp; frances are gunna kill me 
http://bit.ly/tjP4q  Check that our! 
http://bit.ly/tjP4q  Check that out! 
http://bit.ly/tLDKl  &lt;-- will forever make me smile 
http://bit.ly/Tw0Z8  vote for me here please  still waaayyy down the list but anywayz... ^ ^
http://bit.ly/ue2Jy  .... new tour blog 
http://bit.ly/ug3Xy  first pair of the new item that is listed tell me what you think 
http://bit.ly/uMZo8  is almost as good as http://bit.ly/E9CGj  
http://bit.ly/uPRQq via @addthis don't care if 'tis true. 
http://bit.ly/URi68  link to first part of gladiator [for my mum]  xo
http://bit.ly/UU3ZQ  Kobe TOP DUNKZ  he aight LOL !!
http://bit.ly/uw4Vq  @darkmorning, second paragraph 
http://bit.ly/uzlkI  listen to it... trust me. 
http://bit.ly/VSdRH  - New Ghostbusters game clip - very cool 
http://bit.ly/vVWH1 aha! So that's how Simon Cowell knew to ask for another song from Shaheen Jafargholi on Britain's Got Talent! 
http://bit.ly/VwV6H  202 MORE! an we're done! 
http://bit.ly/VwV6H  NO stopping us. no sleeping!  vote for David!
http://bit.ly/VwV6H Vote for @tommcfly, @TomFelton, @dannymcfly ! Please? 
http://bit.ly/VwV6H Vote for @tommcfly, @TomFelton, @dannymcfly and @dougiemcfly  ONLY! Please? 
http://bit.ly/VwV6H VOTE FOR TOM FLETCHER (@tommcfly) PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE.  I might follow you if you vote for him. :&gt;
http://bit.ly/vX4ON FOUR MORE DAYS! MORE VOTING! 
http://bit.ly/w6TXr  ==&gt; Google IO shots 
http://bit.ly/wbmEz  really? so cute  @taylorswift13 and @OfficialLucasT
http://bit.ly/wBWqD   60% of Aussies support Gay Marriage! MAKE IT LEGAL 
http://bit.ly/WLXpR  picture and i had a really lovely day with harriet 
http://bit.ly/WNDmN via @addthis Added this great bracelet...take a peek 
http://bit.ly/wxLEz  Seriously- don't these legs deserve a trip to Barbados?? Please vote! 
http://bit.ly/WXs0 watch this  Hope the ANTM fans like it !
http://bit.ly/Wyh8C  this little guy makes my day. 
http://bit.ly/wZK3o  - JB 1st LIVE performance of Paranoid. It sounded a tad different live, but still REALLY good. 
http://bit.ly/X7PsM Please click on the ads on this page! It pays me, legit. Thanks so much everyone, you all are the best! 
http://bit.ly/XcpsJ   they won! yay! haha i thought she was going to kiss him!!! so funny 
http://bit.ly/XfRRJ  Its so funny! The Ialian man who went to Malta 
http://bit.ly/XpcbS My friend is trying to get a college scholarship, please vote for her!!! You can vote more than once! 
http://bit.ly/XrR8Q  Hahahaha.....Roberts laugh 
http://bit.ly/xZu2k one of my friends 
http://bit.ly/y5KKS Get voting for @PoynterJones please  she's half way down the page! get voting for @gfalcone601 &amp; @LittleFletcher too
http://bit.ly/YdTa1  My favorite song!&lt;3 Remember December by miss @ddlovato!(: WITH LYRICS!  its SO good!
http://bit.ly/Ymjw5 . Staying here in Turkey. 
http://bit.ly/ynB5U  - he is the reason i got twitter. no lie 
http://bit.ly/ynB5U  Twitter ruined my life too 
http://bit.ly/ys24Q - small preview. no photoshop used! 
http://bit.ly/yUaKs   This is what I want for my birthday.....*rolling eyes in disbelief* 
http://bit.ly/YUQrv Six-Figure Jobs You Don't Need A College Degree For 
http://bit.ly/YUQrv Six-Figure Jobs You Don't Need A College Degree For  (via @ForbesNews) (via @AsiaBrands)
http://bit.ly/yx9l5 yay it's sheena 
Good morning. Soon leaving to join World Partnership Walk (25th). 11:00 Registration in Beacon Hill Park. Come join if you wud like/can. 
good morning. this seems to be a nice day 
Good morning. Welcome to Formal Friday. Charity BBQ downtown at 12:00 at the old post office to support relay for life 
Good morning. Why give into rudeness when you can fight back with kindness..   rev run
Good Morning.. Peace 
good morning..!! 
good morning...  @8tracks startin' the day w/ this gr8 mix by Pshhlynnae    http://bit.ly/14AbHh
good morning...  um so last night i watched Dane Cook's new show  ISolated INcident  it was awsome everyone should c it =P
Good Morning...  What kind of day are YOU creating today?  
Good morning... I can feel the sun shining already... Sunbathing!!! 
Good morning... Iï¿½m soooo tierd  
good morning... only a slight headache... 
Good morning... what a gorgeous day 
good morning... wuii lovely weather.. i love holidays â™¥  breakfast now 
Good morning.....today I finally get to pick up my bridesmaid dress....1st though coffee 
Good Morning....in T-minus two hours I will be a Hampton University alumna....can't wait! 
Good Morning....it started off cold but it should be a nice day  i hope...
good morning...and good night. 
Good Morning...I'm free  No SCHOOL TODAY...but thing have to be done...still...
http://bit.ly/zrAJI  Vid of XNA particle system with collisions running on my machine, complete with HD option 
http://bit.ly/zUE99 Yahoo CSS Grids - lucky I found it - now building CSS layout is so easy task 
http://blip.fm/lorimoreno Enjoy Your Miraculous Day! You are Loved ? ?  Lori 
http://blip.fm/profile/michaelgrainger/blip/7684394 twitter soundtrack 
http://btweet.tumblr.com/ check it out guys 
http://camsiwamsi.tumblr.com -&gt; FOLLOW 
http://celebritieseveryday.blogspot.com/ COMENTEN OKEY?  
http://chartcentral.frihost.net/cc/index.php vote for the philippines top 20 
http://cursebird.com/antfan Aparently I swear like a fucking shit bitch bastard twat of a children's TV presenter. Not anymore 
http://developer.yahoo.com/yql/console/ &lt;-- very cool 
http://digg.com/u14aJg     @gbmiii &quot;If you're going through hell, keep going&quot; Winston Churchill&quot; #quote http://ff.im/... http://ow.ly/atLZ
http://dinosaurscanfly.tumblr.com/  follow me and i will follow you 
http://dragoncard.deviantart.com/ Yayness! 1) help me reach 1000 and 2) I BEAT OKAMI!!!  YAY! finally
http://earlybirdgetstheworm.tk -- hey everyone  -- check out my brand new sites in prelaunch that will revolutionize internet marketing!
http://ellie-m.blogspot.com/ CHECK OUT MY NEW BLOG 
http://embd.it/10879124e @JimmyJons - right on jimmy 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whit_Monday for anyone interested why we germans have a day off today 
http://exactalliness.myminicity.com/ Visit everyday please! 
http://flipfinger.wordpress.com/ New blog, mostly for me to rant and rave about things..  Today's subject?  Barclaysmuppets 
http://goingtorain.com/ - about as precise as any other weather report 
http://gorila.ro merge la NetStartup ! See you there, guys !  
http://hoshigirl.com/modified-google New blog entry: MODIFIED GOOGLE! 
http://hotwifemelissa.blogspot.com/ new post, read about my adventures as a slut wife! 
Good morning...The sun is shining the tank is clean &amp; 2days da day we get... I watched  Finding  Nemo last nite    &gt;&gt;Won-For-Tree-Seben&lt;&lt;
Good morning...yet another day @ work. I hope 2day brings more joy than yest. But on a better note as of 12 am @s_ofelia will be 21 
good morning.finished drumming.im amazed cuz theres like barely any tweets to wake up to.normally theres like 50 new ones.chow fr now 
Good morning/afternoon everyone!  Looks like I missed out on alot of tweeting by our boys last night. I hope all is well with everyone. 
Good Morning/Afternoon friends 
good morning/afternoon to all 
Good Morning/Good Afternoon or Good Evening depending what time zone your in 
good morning/midday nation!  FORMULA ONE IN ONE HOUR!
good morning/night everyone 
good morning: Make your day bright like the SMILE on your face. Again its to beautiful not to SMILE!!! 
good morning; i'm really excited, i can't wait what he say to my words, damn! 
Good Morning? 
good morningg 
Good morninggg 
good morningggg. 1 final today, american studies, not too hard. band practice at my house tonight 
Good morninggh. Thank god for yet another amazing day 
Good morninh everyone 
good morninï¿½twitterland...wish all of you a nice sunday,enjoy your day and relax 
Good morninnn!!! Wishin everyone a blessed and prosperous day!! LOVE ALWAYS and FOREVER!! 
good mornningg!! having the best breakfast... yogurt with granola and strawberries!!  mmm!
Good Mornting !  -musiic[BOX]
Good Moro Twitter!! Enjoying today! gonna make a music video then work on my twitter vid  check out Parry Gripp too!
Good Morrow Everyone.  headed to the beach  sunny and nice
Good morrrrrning. 
GOOD MOURNIN SUNSHINE 
Good Mourning from the sisters. P stayed the night, it was nice. and GO ADAM, good luck with the bartending 
Good movie! 
Good movie, long, but sweet. 
Good music 2listen to while thinking: Imogen Heap. She has such GREAT style, as well. Her voice just puts you in the mood 2dream. 
good music, good friends 
http://i41.tinypic.com/9u64yb.jpg my house 
http://i494.photobucket.com/albums/rr302/Signachic/Nicole.jpg what do you think?? soo ugly, i hate it 
http://i5.photobucket.com/albums/y172/jenz28/Rob/Robifyourgonejen.jpg Is bored...discovered I can make screencaps! 
http://img.4chan.org/b/src/1245100502531.jpg lol internets i love this pic 
http://img.ly/qI She has a thing for plastic bags.  #iPhone
http://indigomonkey.etsy.com For great jewelry deals 
http://is.gd/M0bo looks even cooler than google wave! 
http://is.gd/Px0u Myspace check it out. 
http://is.gd/tCv7 And THAT marvellous product sounds like music to my ears - literally . I've got it on good authority that it works 
http://jayvalsblog.blogspot.com/  My favorite dolls right now 
http://jeremycowart.com/  Can't wait to work for him!!! 
http://jessicathemakeupjunkie.blogspot.com/ NEW BLOG POST: FAVORITE BEAUTY PRODUCTS  LONG POST HAHA
http://jonaspoland.com - 2 pierwsze odcinki JONAS! 2 first parts of JONAS! Go and check this out! Obczajcie to! 
http://karlavflores.tumblr.com --&gt; check out my blog 
http://mdn.mainichi.jp/photospecials/graph/gundam/15.html it's a fucking huge gundam 
http://melodymaker.co.za/ Latest blog post - comments? investigating Straight Edge. No its not due to a hangover from #wine show yest! 
http://miok.mybrute.com be my brute's pupil. hihi. 
hey guys if u wana enjoy some wonderful music experience u can't miss following my swet new twit friend @AnneHaynes  she is super awesome
hey guys if you got a steam account join my emo gamers clan  (were really not emo we just needed a name) so yea go to our group on steam
Hey guys I'm going to create an iPhone app that's a twitter client called Tweetilicious please @reply me your thoughts! 
Hey guys im in a newly formed 4 piece metalcore band from staffordshire check out our myspace @ www.myspace.com/whenwordsfailband  thanks 
hey guys i'm swashbuckling on dreamwidth 
hey guys im trying to get a group together for highlands tomorrow, i have put an event on facebook so let me know.  or txt me. 
Hey guys it's @mileyrepresent! Sweet idea with this twitter Skye!! 
hey guys its tha first time ive done this so uh just bear with me here lol well right now im signing up on twitter yaya! see u guys soon 
hey guys so i have a lot of friends...but...my brandest newest friend is the radtastic @_ALLiJ_ ....she is briliancy in a bottle 
Hey guys sorry about Top Ten Series L4D ep. 1 not up yet. There might be some issues. I'll check and hopefully you'll see it tomorrow. 
Hey guys stop by Mingle Mondays and network with other mom bloggers. http://womenandmothers.ning.com   Hope to seek you there.
Hey guys TweetDeck is a fun app 2 use!  http://www.tweetdeck.com
hey guys! 
hey guys!  I am so tired, damn hahaha  I am so bad at Twittering now hahaha, but i promise dat this will change! 
Hey guys! I just published my new blog. If you have time, maybe you can have a look. Feedback is welcome  http://bit.ly/GERda Thanks!
Hey guys! Just heard the song of Lily Allen's.. &quot;F*ck you very much&quot;! What a song. What can I say.. Hmm. COOL! hahaha! 
Hey guys! Please visit my new personal site: http://summerheart.fan-sites.org It would mean the world to me! I have ton of Miley content 
good new development for my client @djeloy! super psyched for monday! 
Good news- I've been catching up on sleep. I've found more of my peeps. 
Good news on the Jetta  no error codes!
Good news this morning! Got the Job! Wooooohoooooo   ;)
good news, no permanent damage  to ears! still red but ear drums are intact  need some rest b4 going back into the water though #diving
Good night  actually great night 
Good Night  i love my football girls!
good night  in Modesto, CA
Good night - Keep the Twitterverse safe 
good night #squarespace 
Good night (&amp; good morning) to all. Such a great day. So much fun! I will repeat it, but this time w/ @victoriamilano by my side 
Good night (European friends) and Good morning (Japanese friend) 
good night (or is it good morning?) twitteria! 
good night ... http://bit.ly/a6GTj  till morning 
Good Night / Good Morning [As u like it] 
Hey guys! Sorry I haven't tweeted today, but my computer was majorly messed up.... But it seems to work for now 
Hey guys! Spending the Day with My baby Nefew Vincenzo It's his B-Day 3 years old  Big Fun! haha God bless xoxo L.I.
Hey guys! This is truly great! You should show this to everyone you know!  http://tinyurl.com/ypjs32
Hey guys! Vote for David Archuleta as Mr. Twitter!  http://bit.ly/PmvRY
Hey guys!!! MISS ME????? 
Hey guys, does anyone have a burning question about the new Virtua Tennis game? Give me a replybefore 12 and I will do my best to ask it. 
hey guys, if you have something to ask, just ask, okay? we'll accept your critics and comments. thanks guys 
Hey guys, i'm back 
Hey guys, I'm going to get a free cookie 
hey guys, it's leah. (cays sister. the better sister.  jk.) OMG big news!!! like huge big news!! &amp; @nataliebeauty . I HAVE TO TALK TO You!
Hey guys, my name is Alexandria I go by Alex or Ally  My main account is @XoAlexandriaxO. I love acting, friends&amp;family, GOD&lt;3, &amp; Life
Hey guys, this is group for people who belong to &quot;Pune Institute of Compute Technology&quot; college, Pune   via http://twibes.com/group/PICT
Hey guys, this is the Easiest Home Business Ever http://tinyurl.com/p26kq9 check it out, can't hurt to look, right? 
hey guys,if you send me messages here i'll make sure,i'll reply soon.P.S send me one now 
hey guys. check this out. my fwend. eunice (jenice) http://bit.ly/PfMa  
hey guys. i just finished taking a shower... its refreshing, hahaha! love the feeling 
hey guys... ive been up... just didn't get home til now.... how've u been doing? 
hey guyz.. please watch the new music video of the PUSSYCAT DOLLS &quot;Hush Hush&quot;.. I'm sure you gotta love it!! 
hey happy hump day everyone.. sun is shinning and life is soo wonderful 
hey hey  i'm back. i need to work out. if i wanna be an actress; gotta look at least somewhat good 
hey hey  im bored. id liek people to follow me xD
http://mobypicture.com/?sp1go1 at Ian Lawman in Leeds - psychic medium... weird and fun  #fb
http://mobypicture.com/?yxykxt - I knew it from the start. It's a two year old t-shirt by now. Always makes me pleased to see though. 
http://morethandesigns.com/ check it out 
http://Mp3center.si/en/ reached 370 fans on facebook 
http://new.music.yahoo.com/videos/stations/new/ I got to breath. U can't take that from me 
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8054448.stm Hilarious and stupid in equal measures 
http://nibby01.blogspot.com/   New blog if you fancy an easy read 
http://obscura-photography.blogspot.com/ New event photos by Obscura. Yep, I blog now. Its to up street cred. 
http://okayibelieveyou.tumblr.com/   New posts, check them out 
http://okimok.com/people/menno - but it worked! 
http://ow.ly/33EZ &lt;- Get the NEW FuseBox Radio Broadcast episode in a pretty weekly newsletter w/ some FREE music downloads here! 
http://ow.ly/76ub via @addthis  Well worth the moment to see a gorgeous photograph of the day or if you want to enter a photo to share! 
http://ow.ly/7ikQ &lt;-Get the NEW FuseBox Radio Broadcast episode in a pretty weekly newsletter w/ some FREE music!  #blackradio #music
http://ow.ly/8yIv &lt;-Get the NEW FuseBox Radio Broadcast episode in a pretty weekly newsletter w/ some FREE music!  #blackradio #music
http://ow.ly/cKGB Sit back and enjoy this incredible Free Content. Million Dollar Formula presented to you on White board 
http://people.php.net/ - now with search 
http://perl.plover.com/IAQ/IAQlist.html perl people are weird 
http://pic.gd/63ef My college, My friends 
http://pic.gd/fad84c One Sunday night at Helsinki. We hadn't drink anything... xD yeah RIGHT! 
http://ping.fm/4Zcnu the cuttlefish fascinates me. What do you have on that @realshamu!? 
http://ping.fm/7cE2D - I shortened my profile 
http://ping.fm/jnYUM This thread is hilarious. Oh, and I am officially amused at &quot;International Whores Day.&quot; Suck it, America 
http://ping.fm/LZsLg &quot;Downgrade rights?&quot; Where's the fucking &quot;no Windows tax, install Linux instead&quot; option, Microsoft? It's much cheaper 
http://ping.fm/p/e9yjC - Ed's drinking a green smoothie, while texting Katia &amp; cooking dinner 
http://ping.fm/p/R7eKv - View from my mobile office 
http://ping.fm/p/Z022E - Here is heaven on earth and a new one it seems 
http://piurl.com/1b4A : current location landed in Manchester at last 
http://post.ly/hdc &quot;muffin bread&quot; still warm 
http://preview.tinyurl.com/qt5e5t | Google-285 results in 0.16 seconds | Bing-18 results in more than a second | U just cant beat Google! 
http://profiles.friendster.com/kharrren -- comment on my primary photo. 
http://quocomputer.com/ Quo Computer, OSX86 boxes Wonder when the site will go live? Apparently they will have store in California too 
http://runpee.com/ - a neat little idea for a service, how have we managed this long without it??? 
http://sccastaneda.blogspot.com is my new blog. I will be making changes to the layout when I figure it out and I will be updating daily 
http://sendables.jibjab.com/view/uvIEeT1LdtTF9AYT NEW VERSION! 
http://seychelles.tumblr.com/ link to the blog if you want to check it out. we're going to try to keep this one updated 
http://simoneserhan.tumblr.com new post 
http://skipall.com/8p.png  The come apart easy enough 
http://slingalink.com/eVicE1 my daughters kindergarden  !
http://squurl.com/2f723/ David A Durham and Patrick Rothfuss having a beer in France. 
http://store.drumbum.com/skuMGJ-46.html  both the electric and acoustic look AWESOME! &gt;.&lt; i needa go shopping soon! for music accessories
http://sttnews.blogspot.com/ check the world table tennis championship! 
http://summersidemoney.blogspot.com/ This is my blog no spam guys please check it out and follow  im just a teen trying to get money :p l8
http://surveys.polldaddy.com/s/F3C8BB4DAC58D58A/ Plz have look at 1 min survey about 1:1 laptops in schools - thank to those so far 
http://sysprofile.de/id105428 : neue PICÂ´s    please comment my profile ;)   thx
http://thisisphotobomb.com/ omg you guys MUST GO HERE! lmaoo. when people take photos at the wrong time.. lmao. this is rotfl! 
http://thrdl.es/~/7WB My threadless tee submission  #vegan #happyherbivores  #Heckyes *_^
http://tinypic.com/r/33ehmz8/5  EVERYONE IN SYDNEY. Im dj'ing from 9-10:30 THEN 12-1:30 !!!! come party at WORLD BAR  http://bit.ly/DunfP
http://tinypic.com/r/5x29uq/5 Such a nice view  - http://tinypic.com/r/5x29uq/5 Such a nice view : http://tinyurl.com/qnmy2z
http://tinypic.com/r/r7u1y8/5 new wallpaper for my computer 
http://tinypic.com/r/sopcfb/5  New pic of the kids. 
http://tinyurl.com/54qo5w Love this too!!! 
http://tinyurl.com/5czu8l Radio Girl Volbeat.....Last hit 
http://tinyurl.com/c49rgl This woman, Susan Boyle, is AMAZING! 
http://tinyurl.com/c7ygpd dude this guy is awesome!  he's making me laugh so much!! 
Good night @hiradisti @shillach @Dian_Guritno @evamuchtar @beradadisini @inistephanie @kinanti.. Besok kita live update at lunch ya! 
good night 2 everyone ... 
Good night again. And good morning. 
Good night all &amp; blessed Angel dreams to you! 
Good night all my twitter bugs - Time for bed 
Good night all.  I leave you with this fine photo of the office I wish I had.   http://tinyurl.com/kw6g35
Good night all. Enjoy Eurovision... I won't ruin the result for you! 
Good night all. Tweet to you later. 
good night america, bahrain and baghdad!!!!! or good morning! heck, good day period! sleeptime! 
Good Night and Bye y'all! 
Good night and good bye people 
good night and sweet dreams  &lt;3
Good night and sweet dreams everybody  
Good night cruel world.  LOL 
good night everybody  sweet dreams
Good night everybody ! Have a good weekend  
Good Night Everybody gonna see if i can sleep feeling tired see you tomorrow 
Good night everybody im so tired 
good night everybody! 
Good night everybody! Tweet you tomorrow.  
Good night everybody. Buona notte a tutti! Chopin Nocturne Op. 9 No. 2 http://bit.ly/Fv1pZ   
good night everybody... laying in my bed and listening my new lullaby.   see you tomorrow..bye
good night everyone  oyasuminasai
Good night everyone in Tweeterland! Sweet dreams of you laying on fluffy pink clouds. 
Good night everyone! 
Good night everyone!  Must get some sleep!  Little one likes to get up extra early   Have a great rest of your night!  
good night everyone! offline! * its gonna be fun tonite.. with cola and appy drinks and chips and popcorn and frnds  *
Good night everyone! xoxo 
GOOD NIGHT everyone!! Remember to watch #BONES tomorrow so we help with the ratings...a lot of people watching means lots of ratings 
Good night everyone, going to bed  Had a lot of fun at #twiparty @vamps_R_us is hilarious ;D
Good Night everyone, sleep well, dream big, and rest soundly  
hey hey  what it dooo ? im chillen here with matt from select start.... mmm yeahh im tired.
hey hey  whats up?! whats with gemany ?! i love america ? . .
hey hey ! 
Hey hey haappy buurfdaay misaa transit rofl &amp;&amp; lil becca 'laso ! 
Hey hey hey its a #Beautifulday  Have a great day all
hey hey hey monday! 
HEY HEY HEY! @Strembitsky!!! I now have Trending Topics!!! New Moon is on itttttt 
Hey hey hey! Birthday compng up this wed. Who wants to buy me a bike? 
Hey hey hey.......vote for me!!! Link in my girst tweet  thanks a lot!!
hey hey hockeytime  #redwings
hey hey im on twitter!! lol good morning katy girl 
Hey hey it's Friday 
hey hey jonnyboi do your robotica over on in here mr 
Hey hey on my 2 Central Park zoo School field trip w/ Toots (mini Me) Yay Toots  This is gonna b a Trip hahahaha me and KIDS OH NO!!!!
hey hey people 
Hey Hey! Good Morning Everyone 
Hey hey, how are you?  Having your summer break? Will you be coming over to S'pore anytime soon?
hey hey, walked home from town. took me like 30minutes  booyah. HUNGRY 4 Some subway !!
hey hey. wats beta drayton manor or alton towers? 
hey hi guys .. how u doing? .. i m at home now after a long time ,.... 
Hey hitting up the club. Hopefully me and Lina can get in.  Lol, happy bday Phylee.
hey howz it going i just ate like sooooo many donuts i think im gonna explode :O but it was worth it lol 
Hey hun, hope all is well with you 
hey hunnii (Jenny), come back. Me miss you much. We haven't even hang out. Can't wait when you're back from Europe  miss you! 
hey i am going for date with my x girlfriend 
Hey I am home for the weekend and am supposed to be working on homework.  insteas, im sending a tweet for the first time! 
Hey I have 27 followers and thats without &quot;Britney&quot; 
hey I just did 1000 updates. I think I talk too much 
Hey i mite jog to u tomarow &lt;- aww  yah i gota learn to stop being a bitch to this kid.
Hey I need your support in Toyota's music contest! Read my myspace blog to know more! 
hey I put salt spray in my hair its too help it 
Good night everyone. Sleep tight. Don't let those bed bugs bite. Wish me luck  xoxx
Good night everyone. Work on one of my secret projects is going well so far. 
good night everyone... 
Good night everyone...... Time to go mimmiz...... 
Good night everyone...Love yaaaal 
good night fellow followers  didyehlikethat? GOODNIGHT xxx
good night folks  21 days!! &lt;3
Good night friends. Thanks for keeping me company while I got a few things done.  Off to meet the sandman...
Good night from Mid Missouri (God's country)... 
Good night guys... And good day to others... 
good night hatton, 
good night indonesia 
good night lady @evablue  â™« http://blip.fm/~7jhzu
good night last night. moving my shit aroundd!  6.1.09
Good night Louisiana ladies... Hope you all have good nights with Sweet Dreams 
GOOD NIGHT LOVELY TWEETING PEOPLE  HAHAHAHA!
good night miley!!! &lt;3 you will see sofie soon! 
GOOD NIGHT MY FELLOW TWITS! 
Good Night my friends! and @tommcfly, Good Night Sweet! 
good night my little sheep dolls, good night my little bear, good night my star in the dark night... 
Good night my little tweets 
Good night my loves 
Good night my sweet tweets 
Good night my tweeps. Mary Poppins is going to sing me to bed... I just love that movie &lt;3 
Good Night my tweet tweeters.. Again &quot;two thumbs up&quot; for my Kris! 
good night my twitter friends 
Good night of racing tonight. Follow-up sometime tomorrow. Be back next week for the best weekend of racing all year.  #NASCAR
Good night peeps. Loved my vlogging day, maybe do some more tomorrow. addicting.. love you all thanks for the support 
good night peole.. i gots a nother day o drinking wine in class 2mmorow.. lol night.. 
Good Night people!  dont forget to vote for @TomMcFly ! as we've got big time difference, people probably will vote all night! VOTE!
Good Night people!! I'M BACK! D I'm in my house! \o/  Thanks God!  The weekend was very very funny! ;)
good night people!!! 
Good night people.. &quot;Thats one nice one&quot; 
Good night people... 
Good night Philippines. Bye by.e 
good night ppl 
HEY IA AND MAU. 
Hey IM here TO let everybody KNOW that even tho YOUR fav celebrities dont repond back &quot;I&quot; will....!! LOVE yall 
Hey i'm on FaceBook come check me out http://bit.ly/17jIy8   tell me ur username if you ADD ME  
HEY I'm screaming at you! @mitchelmusso  love you
Hey I'm still up! Haha rt@5toSucceed @bella456 Hey Party Animal! 
Hey it's groundhog day......again 
hey it's monday, lets go kiss the sun! 
Hey it's my birthday!!!! let's celebrate  
Hey Jas, did you find Tiny? 
Hey Joe is missing the party in the office...loser. Yay I have followers now  but home still sounds good.
Hey Joey 
Hey Joey!!  New Zealand, huh!?  That's so awesome!  Have a safe flight    Can't wait to see the amazing photos y'all take!!!
Hey John Fogerty tweeted me back. Called me &quot;Bradley&quot;  He's touring western Canada.
Hey Kaddy 
hey Kevvvvvv, Stephanie is working for you! haha   #jonaskevin #jonaskevin  #jonaskevin
Hey Lachlan! What's your skype address? I wanna talk to you 
Hey Ladies,thanks for ALL of YOUr support HERE and at MySpace!!! I LOVE YOU ALL more than YOU will ever know!!! See Ya OVER THERE!!! 
Hey lets all go to TN!! Thats where i will b all week!! Rocking out with the fam. Woooooo  Rebecca 
Hey lets help create something special @jodaycolvard @cprosperity @momzilla54 @iameyan @ronamac @yummyinc @nettyp @rboutique @kkyno #FF  
hey lily  i know your reading this 
hey lizzy send me a msg on yt. 
hey look, I'm drinking out of an AL YOU MIN YUM can. 
Hey lovely lady! @iradiate: I appreciate the #ff shout out  hope you had a good day
Hey luvs, it's after midnight and my 5 yr old doesn't sleep in past 8am anymore, so I'm gonna head off to bed. Tweet ya in the morning. 
Hey Mariedees! Welcome to our Twitter feed!    G'mornin' to ya!
Hey Mark contribute some more to the global warming hoax for me. 
hey MCfans! did you already made an account on http://moshimonsters.com/ ? be our friend! our username is mirandabuzzfans143 
Hey Menay texting involves a two way conversation. 
Hey Miss Richard  when does Starchild X come out?
hey monday - set off  33 days till my warped date  !!!
Hey Monday is the next Paramore. 
hey mr cranky  I've sent the email
hey my beautiful tweeps im off to sleepy land to dream of my rob jealous much hehehe have fun tweeting mwah xoxox 
hey my fellow twitters follow this cool dude if you dont you'll have me to answer to  @Thorbyyy
Hey my friends, thanx so much for including me in the FF yesterday.... 
hey my lovies. Beautiful weather we're having  who wants to share a lovely day with miss glammyyy !
hey my luvs! miss you all . .got the email thanks. Jglam I'll call you in a bit 
hey my name is Michael ......... im new to twitter so please be nice 
hey my peeps wot u all up 2 ???  hav u watched all my 4 vids get bak 2 me  plz plz plz add me i need more followers thnx luv u all wb x
hey my twitter buddies  who wanna talk?
Hey my twittzlez just bn busy latle'. time to float and rise to the top.  Make it do waht it do!  v-erse
hey new followers  i see ya right there mates  x
hey new followers *~hugz&amp;kissez*~ hoppin in da shower now  brb
hey new followers aka the grown &amp; sexy fellow followers of SexySongz. welcome to my world http://tinyurl.com/l0v3bbc thank you &amp; g'night 
Hey new followers! Welcome to the madness 
hey new snapademics followers! thanks for following  updates on where we'll be shooting next will be soon! snapademics.com !!
Hey NYers! Don't forget to leave a comment to win tix to Creativity + Technology weds!!!  http://bit.ly/voZEb
Hey ok, I am off to bed! Have a great night everyone! 
Hey out there in Twitter World 
Hey parker,im with sarah,emily,rachel,jacob 
hey people (WOW I'M REALLY HAPPY TODAY)................i just wanted to give yall SMILES.............. 
Hey People I'm Just Awake! I am so Tired Because Of Darraghs Snoring!  
Hey people it's sunday and you know what you should do? (tell people to follow me 
Hey people my besty @GoldenGlamazon has joined twitter so I'm giving her follow recommendations and feel free to follow her also 
http://tinyurl.com/c8nlzh - forgot how much I like this song 
http://tinyurl.com/catyoy Watch this all the way through, you will NOT be sorry! 
http://tinyurl.com/ch7agf this stuff is awesome! drinking it right now 
http://tinyurl.com/chcxjx I miss them, I can't wait to see them again this summer&lt;3 Camilla is a very lucky girl! 
http://tinyurl.com/cj2dx8 i'm excited 
http://tinyurl.com/ck3ska    can yall see this? lemmme kno if it works! 
http://tinyurl.com/cr3hu4 hello beautiful&lt;3 ) credit goes to: ed-westwick.org 
http://tinyurl.com/crjuwl   NEW VIDEO ON YOUTUBE!!!  Miley's new song.. THE CLIMB!! check it out 
http://tinyurl.com/crmyal watch it... now 
http://tinyurl.com/cxrahl (Project365) updated!  http://plurk.com/p/rbupw
http://tinyurl.com/cy3ryl Plants Vs. Zombies- CUTE AS HELL towerdefense-type game from Popcap, check it out 
http://tinyurl.com/cz69bf - Using an iPhone app to fly an RC plane, real-life GTA almost 
http://tinyurl.com/d3ul3u - Watch it!  And yes, @MargauxAlcid, it's lovely. 
http://tinyurl.com/d4nb26 This guy is hilarious!! and I kinda agree with his assessment of rat pack performances. Follow @buckhollywood 
http://tinyurl.com/d6smh5 my painthing 
http://tinyurl.com/da6pdk new vid'yo this one is actually quite good 
http://tinyurl.com/dat3qc Could You Guys Tell Me When This Photo Was Taken? Please Let Me Know! 
http://tinyurl.com/dcg8y9 - I want to read the whole thing! Somebody pay for it! 
http://tinyurl.com/dcgqkz Please visit! 
http://tinyurl.com/dgjyeo Swordfish Halle gets uncovered 
http://tinyurl.com/dhr5st ngaw and gabe rushes over to see if she's okay 
http://tinyurl.com/dxt4on RLOL krishashok is too good   ( post http://tinyurl.com/cqec2r )
http://tinyurl.com/dyf3da&amp;pos=ancr  made my day 
http://tinyurl.com/e9tfr Good times at apple keynotes 
http://tinyurl.com/HouseMDboombox  i love house md &lt;3 .. this brightened my day a bit
http://tinyurl.com/kmfuvm   Music Terminals Festiva in Taiwan!!!!  sooooo excited!!!  
http://tinyurl.com/kngnyy ? toller soundtrack 
http://tinyurl.com/ksothu I simply LOVE it 
Hey people should check out http://tinyurl.com/ol2kct some exciting things happening here! 
Hey people text me. 661.302.3671 
Hey people!! Lots of work today 
Hey people, follo my11wishes and help them make a world reord!! 
Hey Peter ...  what's up?
Hey pip  http://twitgoo.com/486p
hey pisshed as a fart nice 
hey please if you follow me i follow you ok? thx see ya have a nice weekend  (tambien hablo espaï¿½ol lol)
Hey ppl  Weathers crap but nd to take shan 2 nursery 
hey ppl i just got realized i can tweet from my phone.. yea im new to this   who still watches invader zim? i do!! 
hey ppl if u have a socialvibe acc go and help MFR! they added a new goal 
hey ppl im on constently 
hey ppl!! just found an excitingly easy way to make money in me pjs!! totally cool guys.. check it out and join me now.. Peace ppl!! 
Hey Rafa, you can't always win everything, but you're world #1 with the Australian GS title. Cheer up, gracious champion!  To Wimbledon!
hey roseann...congrats on being our first twitter follower 
Hey SCENEKIDS, i just saw the youtube video on th 3 New Zealanders that got a phone call from Ellen :o you guys are so lucky, good luck 
Hey scott, its been awhile since you been in Shelby county, how you been? and yes its the same ashli you met with Rick, and Mick 
Hey sdoin Tweeters  lmao xx
Hey Sexy People  xo
hey show some teeth.. smile! please give me some smile! thats it! very cute  hehe  have a great day! yes im talking to you.. take care! 
Hey sir! Catch some of those fish for me.  @Keetwit
hey smile, i wont to get chineses eyed, cant wait til the wine starts 
Hey Stick... Are You Getting My Updates???? 
Hey STL girlies...check out my new twitter background  @sarah_janes Hope you don't mind I took your idea 
hey stupid!! im online now hahahaha 
Hey Sxc - brenda-was-here: hey baby my day was great thanks  hahahahaha. i kid i kid. http://tumblr.com/xta1ww20w
hey tabitha 
Hey thanks @turnerz 4 learning me but i am still dumb 
hey thanks 2 all the twitter peeps who r following me, God bless 
hey thanks to @hashlinux and @hashwindows.. always doing the Retweets..  thanks again.. 
Good night sleep tight. Don't forget that I said I love you tonight 
Good night to all our followers. It has been a pleasure with you today  With meet again tomorrow on www.medicalax.de
Good Night Tweeple... Time for this tweet to get her beauty rest...until tomorrow Twitches! 
Good night Tweetiepies!...pretty good wknd..tomorrow...spending time with the husband (hopefully) 
Good night tweetpeeps! Sleep tight. We'll tweet again tomorrow. 
Good night tweets long 24 hrs with my babe. Literally. Love is him and me.  work tomorrow.. My body aches 
good night tweople 
good Night twits 
good night twitter !  love you x
good night twitter ./.. need to finish ashes.  glass tomo tytyty shay 
Good night Twitter Fam!  zzzzzzz
good night twitter people 
Good Night Twitter People!! 
Good night twitter world  sweet dreams
Good night twitter world im off to bed i have school 2mrw then its off to south padre island 
Good night twitter world!  im going to my bed happy  xoxo
Good Night Twitter World, Good Night Friends, Good Night Family, Good Night my Love, and Good Night Jesus! 
good night twitter world,tomorrow at ofri''s house 
Good night twitter, show done - few nights off before Friday nights show 
good night twitter. busy all day tmw! so i needa sleep soon. 
good night twitter. gonna watch movies with my sis! yay 
Good night Twitterland! Busy Monday ahead, but I am well rested   I'm ready to break down any brick wall that is in my way..Bring it on!!
Good Night Twitterlers. I'm off to DreamLand with the positive outlook that I will finish all my schoolWork by Sunday night. 
Good night Twitters!! blessings!! my bed is calling me to sleep and dream all night long 
good night twitterverse.  
Good night Twitterverse. Have missed you all today with my running around. Looking forward to #Canucks bounce back game tomorrow 
Good Night Twitterverse. Sleep well. Sleep long and enjoy all the Howling Monkey Sex you can. 
