@JenMaselli Is she sneaking out and going to raves in the middle of the night? Or do strange little emo boys come lurking around for her? 
@JenMcJ laundry and writing. Same as usual until the end of June! 
@JenMilan720 Morning Mrs  You well ?
@jenmyronuk Agreed 
@jenmyronuk You and @skinnyjeans are so fabulous! Great talking into the morning.  We'll have to follow up soon. 
@Jenn_estrada  your welcome!!! 
@jenn_if_er you should have said you are into pain, wanna find out how I like to dish it out also? 
@jenn_is i hope your birthday was awesome. 
@Jenn143690 thanks   ill be happy either way.. but it would be a lil easier financially if shed let me telecommute.
@Jenn23456 much more dependable than women and sex.... 
@Jenn65  Yep... Sunday here now... almost 11.40am Been up for a while trying to get through all the MJO posts 
@Jenn65 In my house 
@Jenn65 Meant to reply to u sooner! The chat was pretty fun!  Did I hear him say I love Boston? Hoping to see you at the Today Show! 
@Jenn77 Thanks for the #followfriday 
@jenna_jean &quot;I'm going crazy, trying to figure out why you were leaving, give me a reason.&quot;  Fave song so far, + Fly with me 
@jenna_rater lookin forward to it.  hey,nothing personal btw.all for the fun of it. 
@jenna_rater quite agree. Was watching an african episode of the simpsons today. Funny as ever. 
@jenna119 AWWWWWWWW Happy Birthdauy How old are u going to be 
@JennaAvery Fabulous call. Grateful that I could join. I hope many others will find their way to you as well  
@jennabanks you can meet me for dinner and take all the time you need 
@jennabeans24 a heart that broke into two pieces with a quote from  Twilight. I have the other half 
@jennabee1 hey boo, we should def do sunday brunch, on saturday  tee hee Love you, miss you, come see jessica w/us tomorrow k?
@jennaburgus haha here's a real/better picture for you copying purposes  http://bit.ly/duqAw
@jennacelebrates  Hi!  Thanks for following!  so glad to meet ya!  Or should I say Tweet ya?  
@jennacf never even IMAGINED there were so many jennas in the world! Happy to hook up with another! 
@jennafbean thanks . You have fun too 
@JennaFBN Yay I love it when you host Money For Breakfast Jenna Lee  4hrs of you the amazing and so pretty and sexy Jenna Lee yay. 
@Jennafleur aww u r the best, too ;) i hope u have a good weekend 
@JennAgustin Nope.  I didn't know you were one! D'oh!
@jennaimeetan hey hey! welcome welcome to tweetland hahaha 
@jennainfantas -I wrote yur dad &amp;mom&amp;taylor this morning&amp;didnt want u 2 feel left out-so hows was yur cafe this morning? Have a great day 
@jennaingalls I think that only applies to full-time vs. part-time employees, call the dept of labor to see 
@JennaIsWriting Glad you didn't take offence to that  Should have known u were refering to your book *brain holes*
@JennaIsWriting is the green avatar for a reason?  Or are you feeling queasy? 
@JennaIsWriting it's nice in the sun 
@JennaIsWriting LOL yeah, I see it. Conventionally handsome but I like Merlin more me thinks 
@JennaIsWriting yeh, i know how u mean. i get like that sometimes .. have to take self to one side &amp; have a stern word.  usually works 
@Jennajmsn  Hi Jenna. Hope all is well   Just thinking of you and wishing you the best! Lots of love from over here in New York!!!
@jennajonascyrus Haha. I'm in my bed  Nice and warmmmmm. Just the way I like it 
@jennakeo We are both moving to California next summer! 
@jennaleaa LMFAOOOO CREAMY ONES? 
@jennalee Ooh nice. Gradens are awesome. 
@jennaleigh1113 TMM!!  That's awesome, congrats!  Always wanted to be in that show.  
@JennaLeigh85 Take lots of batteries for your gadgets, stay together and have fun 
@jennalovesyouu follow me so we can chat!! 
@JennaMadison  That is wonderful to hear Jenna!  Glad I can help   Make it a great day/night for you!!
@JennaMadison Each Jenna hug is kind of like eating #timtams .One has to savor the moment before going onto the next 
@JennaMadison Glad I was here to see and read it all.  You head down to L.A. much?
@JennaMadison hehehe I bet you do! 
@JennaMadison hehehehehe no....  but ur naughty! 
@JennaMadison I can see it.  very pretty.
@JennaMadison I know your are in college - I'm a little older than that  You just struck me as a mature young lady for your years
@JennaMadison lol   What are your plans for today (or should I say tomorrow) then ?
@JennaMadison of course...everyone does 
@JennaMadison oh...getting settled in the studio and playin on my iTunes...got some cds to rip lol lol 
@JennaMadison ty for the follow! 
@JennaMadison what is going on, thought you might like that 
@JennaMadison With any luck I'll avoid the blush if I ever meet you LOL 
@JennaMadison Yer, my tongue's pretty much worn out 
@jennamarie0 Oh, man! Sorry to hear about the iPod casualty. Will be remembering the bits &amp; bytes this weekend.  
@JennananaPink I want a cookie 
@Jennarrr_xx  Hey Good Stuff  Just Figured Out You Sent Me  A Message Lol :L
@jennaschijf so do you!!! ily 
@jennatea6591 yeah, Chuck and Ned are probably my favorite tv couple. Delightfully adorable. 
@Jennatonic84 haha shots will put me on my ass!!! 
@JennaWalton Lets get the girls in the front and the sluts in the back. 
@jennaybaybay thought i would drop by and say hi 
@jennayef0o sorry but yes, i am talking about pokemon  LOL
@jennbelle It was a good game and the right team won too for a change.  
@jennbunnyxoxo i can't wait until our little shopping trip 
@jennbunnyxoxo oh, i aint sad, im just bored, haha... i'll smile tho 
@jennc1004 http://twitpic.com/68t65 - you are sooooooooo GORGEOUS!!!!!!!!!  yay!!! so glad it went well!!!  xoxo
@jenncastle what happened? I'll make them all pay! 
@JennCleveland umm, you are the one who went to Hawaii! Glad you're back! miss you mama! 
@jenndillingham  still need to see that movie ! I am all about vampires 
@jenndon Yay! Cookie magic!  Hope the cookies turn out well!
@Jennec_rrt G'morning! Of course I'm awake! 
@jennEjones I went to Google on my BB, searched for Twitterberry and downloaded it on my BB from there - it's coolness!  Check it!! 
@JennetteMcCTeam http://twitpic.com/5ljeb - That's very creative!!  My favorite picture is when she was on True Jackson!!
@jennettemccurdy  have you seen 17 again yet? and please follow me  ahaha i keep posting this.. again and again. imaloserface
@jennettemccurdy  oh my God! you're amazing! your voice is incredible and this song is awesome! I can't wait for your record!!  
@jennettemccurdy Congrats on learning the songs  and I can only imagine how your fingers feel :/ Hope it doesn't hurt
@jennettemccurdy DID YOU MISS ME?  Ha ha...(I doubt that)  
@jennettemccurdy Hope you're having a GREAT trip!  song cue: It's GREAT to be a celebrity McCurdys life for me!  HA HA!  Well...maybe not 
@jennettemccurdy How was the photoshoot? 
@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4uy8l - LOL  why are they drumming there?
@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4w7yp - Haha, she looks a little like me. I'd get ecstatic if and when I meet you. 
@jennettemccurdy I am watching a 1993 movie called &quot;Cliffhanger&quot; with sylvestor stallone...   
@jennettemccurdy i forgot 2 watch  Opps I hope I can watch the episodes soon  
@jennettemccurdy i honestly cant believe you replyed !!  your just such an inspiration and role model to me !!  i love you ahhh !! 
@jennettemccurdy I love your cover on So far away, it is one of my favorite songs and of course you are one of my favorite singers 
@jennettemccurdy i was listening to your song &quot;So Close&quot;..and wow! you`re good...even better than any other.. GOOD JOB!   
@jennettemccurdy I've voted for you!!!!!!!    u are awesome!
@jennettemccurdy ohh schoolwork on a saturday :/ not nice lol  well i cant really say much ive been in work all day! lmaoo
@jennettemccurdy omg that was amazing! LOOOOVE your voice!!! keep on singing cuz i'll be sure to buy ur songs!  
@jennettemccurdy poor u, but i got up waaaaay earlier 
@jennettemccurdy So Close is a pretty amazing song, are more coming?! 
@jennettemccurdy Today is @Nanda13 birthday. Can you send her a &quot;hello&quot;? She would love it. She loves you very much! Thk U! 
@jennettemccurdy well, you totally deserve it 
@jennettemccurdy WHat's the best part about filming iCarly? Which btw is my fave show 
@jennettemccurdy Yeah He thinks your a really nice person as well 
@jennettemccurdy you did an amazing job  you have such a great voice. Are you coming out with a CD? If so I am definitely buying it.
@jennettemccurdy you should have been playing the piano or singing or out having fun instead of worrying about twitter.  
@jennettemccurdy You so Sweet  and I Love your music, its so Cool 
@jennettemccurdy your lucky u can play the guitar ... I'd love to learn to play it!! How long did it take u to learn??  xxxxxxx
@jennfantastic alrighty, last comment and im off to shower  and after that, blankey rapey time x'D I LOVE YOU NUNK! :] SWEET DREAMS &lt;3
@JennFowler Just back from the beach (NEVAH want to leave!). I'm peachy...&amp; YOU? Been offline WAY more than on, hence the &quot;ships passing&quot; 
@jenngw http://twitpic.com/6cvsl - Is this the bike that had a flat and why you called me on the air to have your mom pick you up? 
@JennHarding haha-was only joking polabear! n I know Ill always B ur aunty  crazy schedule this week, but maybe next weekend?
@Jenni_James M&amp;M's. Hey, I can pretend they're healthy! There are nuts! 
@Jenni_James Thanks for the ff  I was a twitter slacker today.
@Jenni_James wow! A top secret book.  Congratulations on the requests!
@jennibelly you're welcome, I'm sure you'll be fine 
@Jenniceg haha yeah naughty underwear &amp; sex toys etc. Great fun for the girls! 
@jenniealminar well whaddya know!!! awesome freebie 
@jenniebeboo both my feet are covered in band aids and they hurt like a bitch hahahaha. i had so much fun last night  did you have fun? xx
@JennieBinSC very cool. Pick me up a latte will ya? 
@jenniel0ve http://twitpic.com/6p39o - this loooooks sooo cute ! i love it 
@jennielees That's also quite fortunate, don't beat yourself up over it, shit happens 
@jenniepotpie Have at! Perhaps give a footnote, where appropriate. 
@jenniesjursen Oh... the SUN lied!  Got it.  I signed off for a while and now back on and didn't know what ur comment meant 
@Jenniewrenbird see you later  and have fun^^
@Jenniewrenbird Yeah. Great watching 
@Jennifalconer crikey, that soon?! Good luck when it comes! Must get up and watch 
@Jennifalconer diversity! simon said they were better too 
@Jennifalconer Enjoy your deserved day off Jenni ? Can I have a lottery win on Wed night, early birthday pressie for thursday - 39 GULP 
@Jennifalconer hey jenni did the 5k today made sure they all had vaseline on feet haha they think that was my idea ssssshh 
@Jennifalconer hey jenni have heard u look gorgeous in the paper today  @leonkay nearly choked on his breakie though haha
@Jennifalconer how's about following me? 
@Jennifalconer I find thongs work well as a gag. Or is that not what you meant?! 
@Jennifalconer I nearly cry everytime he's on screen, he's too cute 
@Jennifalconer mmmm, sounds nice, you drinking alcohol. 
@jennifalconer morning sunshine!  here's the pic i took last night  http://i39.tinypic.com/2yo1p1t.jpg look lovely  http://twitter ...
@Jennifalconer oh no... I like your updates 
@Jennifalconer possible yes  shes got talent
@Jennifalconer thankyou 
@Jennifalconer TWILIGHT!!!!!!!!!   im watching that now  xo
@Jennifalconer Uh-oh! Did you fess up, or wander off and wait for him to come back? 
@Jennifalconer very good morning to you jenni, hope your well 
@Jennifalconer You got your trackie bottoms dried yet? Don't want to be running when full of tea! 
@Jennifalconer you too, good luck with the photoshoot, sure youll be fine! 
@jennifaloconer @midgley jenni it was great to see you &amp; james  tonight ,hope you you both had fun night  see you soon
@JennifeAniston that sounds like fun!!! U need to get really drunk and crack out the chic anthems &quot;Girls just wanna have fun&quot;!! Enjoy 
@jennifer_08 thanks it tuk me a while.. 
@Jennifer_Clark Good morning 
@jennifer6973 Mmm good weather makes for a happy Tizz 
@jennifer97236. We're eatin' pies! Where have YOU been? 
@Jenniferalvey well you need your eyes checked..... lol  jk
@jenniferbrozek I added the pre-order link too. Thank you  http://darkwolfsfantasyreviews.blogspot.com/2009/05/grants-pass-trailer.html
@jenniferc925 I'll get oscar and kevin             We can be security. 
@jenniferfroese wow. you are something else. 
@jenniferg07 it is all in good fun we know you don't want to kiss a girl. 
@jennifergardy good point 
@jenniferh1983 Thanks for the mention and yes, a wonderful story indeed 
@jenniferhaymore Hey Jennifer, I bought your book yesterday 
@JenniferHen ...alk or anything  hope you had a good night last night, Steph seemed pretty wasted when she text me lol. &lt;3 you loadssss xx
@JenniferHen oh cool, maybe, but my mate's just come home from Lancaster so gotta have a reunion thingy 
@jenniferhlove season 5 of ghost whisperer? do tell 
@JenniferHui @ngocdupont true story! I have the transcript to prove it 
@jenniferjayy haha, obsessed much? Good morning/afternoon love &lt;3 Go watch my 5ss video! the song I wrote is addicting. 
@JenniferJChung  she told me how excited they were for your performance. Are you in Norcal by any chance?
@JenniferJChung The last part reminds me of She's the Man! HAHAHA! Cool! 
@jenniferjunipr just emailed you the first article; itching for some feedback. 
@JenniferKaos aww  see, there'd have to be desperate!sex in mine ;)
@JenniferKaos Nope its not weird. I've always got a pic of one of the celebs I love  has the hazard of not wanting to answer it!
@Jenniferlaurenh I miss you. You were my first follower. &lt;3 We need to talk more! Or do a vlogbrothers thing and communicate thru vlogs. 
@JenniferLeeland  Jen, there are supposed to be 3 stories between Eternal Nights and the short. Don't know if I'll ever write them. Some
@jenniferleighhh  I know I make everything better! )) Haha sorry love couldn't resist! 
@jenniferleighm how much did you LOVE the hangover? 
@jenniferlum haha, michelin o michelin.. that's a different kettle of fish  i will have a very dense experience of them soon-can't wait 
@JenniferParot yay you have a twitter! 
@JenniferPerillo thanks for the #FF love &amp; the follow 
@jenniferquiroz Followed your link - cute idea, plus I got to see you play!!  Can't decide which 1 I like better - Heaven or BMABridge  
@JenniferRenee17 Aw hah I love you too!  And yes, I admit that I am a crazy, bible-loving blue tongued freak!  
@JenniferReza You do PR work for GM? You must be having a great day! 
@jenniferrose310 they come and clean bc then they take my job away... i am such a good girlfriend i cook delicious for my shortty!! 
@Jenniferrr_Gee i'm good, cali is great, life is wonderful  Working on getting our new website released sometime soon. How are YOU ?
@Jennifers00 hey sweetie! good week! same old and its almost the weekend  Tomorrow gonna see offspring and alkaline trio!
@jennifervides Now I can be the &quot;It girl&quot; yeah! 
@JenniferWrong -for goooood! npnp typing that helped me study 
@JenniferWrong When I said &quot;you&quot; I didn't mean &quot;you&quot;. I meant Alhambra 
@jenniferwylie ahhh you shouldn't have pumpkin, i got s new bed that takes up almost all my room its literally a BEDroom 
@jenniferxxxx Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@jennifilman please let me know if/when michels is hiring 
@Jenniflakes cute french guys staring at you is always a good thing 
@Jennifur57 Your arms are going to be sore tom  no excuses for not swimming tom 
@jennihogan Your hubby is lucky to spray tan you!  Your new assignment is to find someone as fun as you that I can help tan 
@jenniholbrook Better than rewriting your romantic-comedy-historical fantasy-thriller, LOL. Yeah, I start rewrite today thanks to Bob, 
@Jenniiiiii  I don't know why, but I think its thanks to me 
@jennikiz yay!that's good news 
@jennimiller76 I don't know how I'm going to pee now, and thanks.  
@JennInOman it will be 45+ in June/July 
@Jenninpg lol I had to hoof it over in my Sidi's LOL no getting the wet! How was the city? You know I lived there for 11 years! 
@jenniphillips u only hv 140 characters on twitter nt enuf 2 list all the prayers u need today 
@jennipps Happy thoughts are being sent your way, as well as a DM. 
@JenniRem I sent your package today! Woot! 
@Jennisastar thnx bb!!  that is very true!! i am soo soo soo excited!! haha 
@jennispinner oh, thanks, but i f'ing hate kickball. have fun though! 
@jennita the '_' is the worst, because you can't see it when the url becomes a link and is underlined. Apparently your post is NEEDED! 
@JennJawbreakerx heyy babbiee &lt;3 twitter is simply ahhmazing! tweet me back 
@jennjolie wait you got a job again??!!  the shift sucks... but well what can you do right?
I wants to move, and then unpack my paints 
I was able to fix my computer. Epic win timez r nao 
i was about to eat cereal then my dad called wanting to go to lunch so i put it in the refrigerator and now im going to get ready 
I was afraid to go into the bathroom bc Pennywise the Clown might rape me, so I just poured a whole bottle of h20 on myself. 
I was almost late to work today. Luckily my mom woke me up. 
I was an actor (solo) in a student special fx shot today. Excellent lesson in learning what actors go through. Recommended experience! 
I was at Sammys Woodfired Pizza.  http://whrrl.com/e/fkcSu
I was blasting Santa Stole My Girlfriend too loud apparently. Oops 
I was bored and decided to listen to music. I came up to @jeffreecuntstar and I like his music~! His music is catchy! Very entertaining. 
I was brushing my teeth and wasn't sure I was using the right toothbrush so I look really hard at It and guess what? it was mine  hahahaha
I was bummed about folding laundry, but then realized how lucky I am to have a husband who does laundry... 
I was changing around my room but then it looked bad so I changed it back. Now I'm eating some mints that look and taste like mentos 
I was crying all of Tuesday cos I find out! ;( .... Economics is offically my crying subject lol 
I was definatly Gia and taylor was definatly A-bomb 
I was discussing my plan of moving to the UK with my mom today, and she was saying how she'd love to live in the UK.  
I was done last night, dude.  Seriously, though - good work. 
I was driving around... It was good to be out of the house, feeling the wind, breathing natural air and seeing different people  
i was fine until 7:05 when you walked out the door and right out of my life. 
I was forced to think after hearing someone's words of wisdom tonight.  I love my guy friends, they always know the right things to say. 
I was freaking dancing to it in my kitchen  ahhhh.
I was freaking out that I missed the shuttle landing but then I saw it was scrubbed for today. Ha  anyway today I get to see @melstarr!
I was going to do my media studies homework but i feel grey's anatomy is more important 
I was going to drink coffee to help keep me awake. But i feel horribly anxiety ridden and nervous so i'm drinking iced tea instead 
i was going to have a boring ham sandwich today but i fancy something really juicy now and going to be naughty! Im feeling very happy  xX
I was going to watch Saving Private Ryan on TCM, but I don't think I'm in the mood for it now. Last night's SYTYCD should hit the spot. 
I was going to write on my blog but I am feeling tired.... Good night....... TSX closed today at more than 10 500 points... Sweet dream 
I was in abad mood, but then i just saw cute puppies &amp; now im happy 
i was in brazil mh 4 or 5 years ago and it was..interesting  mexico is way cooler  sexi mexis
i was in fact missing this days with you guys. @maahzoca and @loloos2 are just like pipetas neurï¿½ticas for more 
I was in the gatheration spirit inniiiitttt! A week to go till ESS OH VEEE 
I was joking, Shasha's english is way powderful than mine anyway. *eeeik, runs away.* 
I was just about to begin editing Seether/Saving Abel when my friend asks &quot;Wanna make a 2AM McDonalds run?&quot; Double Cheese Burger w/ Fries 
I was just interviewed about Twitter on MarketWatch 
I was just tellin my friend bout it. Thats wierd  *MELIKA-KALIKA*
I was just thinking about this. How was your run? Hot? We will take the train tonight 5:45 or 6:12 depending on what time u get here. 
I was just watching the videos from my concert last night. I'm so proud of myself!! 
I WaS late waking up for work!!! but its ok cuz I work from home 
I was listening to  @ddlovato on Radio Disney yesterday....I think a bowl of mac and cheese would be a goo album name 
i was listening to it this morning while i was getting ready  it's a great song to just jump around to (:
I was looking at MC's Myspace page and just signed up on Twitter! SO excited! 
I was lost. then eric showed me Travis and DJ AM 
I was making great progress in #twewy, until my #DS battery ran low. I think that's a testimate to the game  #ilovegames
I was nudged!!! Hehehe, watching he's just not that into you 
I was off twitter for a few days and lost 15 followers???? What's up with this???? Have a great monday, everyone! Thanks 4 following! 
i was on the big screen at etihad alllllllllll dayyyyyy lonnggggg 
i was out with friends yesterday..gosh we had so much fun 
i was partying the whole night.. its 8.14am. im going to sleep now and i fuckin looove Berlin!! good night 
I was playing my Wii and now I'm watching Underworld, Rise of the Lycans cuddled with my puppy. Sox just knows how to make my day.     
I was pointing out hubby's gray in his facial hair. . N he said it was premature   age-ualtion. . What a dork!  Brooke  
I was quietly impressed last night that my Wii Fit age was only 2 years higher than my actual age 
I was reading and in my book it was said: ' A drownding person doesn't save herself.' i just really love that cos its so true. Hahah. 
i was ready for the storm but little did i know there wouldn't be one. it was all talk and no actions 
I was really starting to think we might lose this.everything should be fine from now on though 
I was reminded this morning that I'm not a big fan of yard sales.  Bah-humbug! 
I was right under that pitch with you 
I was right. I bought three books.  there are so much books and so little time. ;)
I was saved my grace but destroyed by naivety. Listening to Straylight Run in study hall. Screw studying 
i was shocking with her mode 
I was short 35 cents so the panda Girl gave me a buck off so i didnt have to use my debit card sweet! There are good people left 
i was sitting on the floor @ wollies people were looking at me strangly. + im having a raging party this weekend haha that guy was funny 
I was sitting outside reading and my bro came out and took pics of me. There was one I loved bc it was inspired by Big Edie Beale. 
I was sleeping but thunder, lightning and hubby's surround sound woke me up. He's watching HULK haha! I'm going back to bed!! Need sleep! 
I was so nervous for hollie. Relieved it was tearless 
I was so surprised this morning indeed. Was nice though 
I was SO thirsty that idreamed about drinking water for the past 5 hours. Mmm! Water 
i was so uncomfortable because i was sitting on a ball of tin foil. its like the princess and the pea! 
I was soo much fun  everyone (besides me of course xD) was half drunk and they played strip-twister  Pics later maybe :p
i was studying for my piano and thory of music and school exams hehe. 
I was supposed to finish postering my ceiling today but I got dragged down by ftech shit. I'm only 30 posters away from a full ceiling! 
i was supposed to get a bonus from my manager, pero sabi ko unfair sa ibang kasamahan ko, i suggested to give it to some1, and he agreed, 
i was talking to nickasaur! today 
I was texting  the word pancake to my sister. But first my phone offered me the word pancreas  
I was the inspiration for boyfriend #2, too bad he got the number wrong, more like 5 
I was the only white person in that church. 
I was there when all of this happened  http://bit.ly/15dYnS &lt;3
I was thinking of doing some research with long polling protocols until Google Wave came along. I'm so &quot;2 thousand late&quot; -- Fergie  
I was thinking of you last night, and then I stopped.  Time has been good to me.
I was thinking we should have a gay cowboy party in honor of Val's starring performance in Titus.: ) And because I love Brokeback Mountain..
I was today shopping!! 
I was told I never update and asked why I even have one. So... UPDATE. There, I did. 
i was told last night that i looked like lauren from the hills  haha. i think that was one of thee best compliments.
I was trying to make some stickers for my laptop  check this one.., http://twitpic.com/66z7g How are these ?? http://twitpic.com/66zbr
i was up to 5am and woke up at 2pm god i love the summer. 
I was very honored to  have @RabbiShaiSpecht as my guest on @CoCreatorRadio this morning!  http://twurl.nl/46l3aj
I was watching Boystown.  ) :X
I was watching the last crusade at 5am so its ok that im waking up in the afternoon 
I was well in Spanish test. I think  Tomorrow, I have Geography test, and I don't know NOTHING! I need study !
i was wondering why i can't see your updates.dang, i forgot to follow you.haha.i'm following you now~~ 
i washed my hair and am now sitting out in the garden, wataa lovveee-lee day it is 
I wasn't even late for school.. lucky me.. NO SCHOOL TILL WEDNESDAY! 
I watch a movie and it is Twilight 
I watch squawk box  #iamageek
i watch videos on youtube 
I watched a bio about Tommy Lee this morning.  interesting stuff...love the Mot 
I watched Ashton in What Happened in Vegas (something like that?) on Sat night... he's a hoot! Such a cutie  Good flick @aplusk
i watched david archuleta on Eat Bulaga. 
I watched Jim carreys &quot;Yes Man&quot; last night and actually enjoyed it!  Its a good enough show 
I watched last night's performance, and all I can say is, &quot;Wowww.&quot; Man...I love life   ï¿½ï¿½l Berto!
I watched Sonny with a chance and Camp Rock 
I watched Terminator Salvation last night. . .  My impressions? The movie is sick!  I recommend it to all T-Fans.  
I watched the new crank  I didn't like it at all :O !!
I watched the new Hannah Montana! 
i watched the new jonas programme and sonny with a chance on disney yesterday, it made me laugh haha 
i watched the new moon trailer again. i cant wait to see it  i'm so embarassing.
i watched the wolvering movie on sunday it ws sooo good 
i watched twilight last night for the 20th time last night! 
I watched Twilight last saturday. I believe it's the best love story since Titanic! 
I watched Up...so cool! 
i watchin bgt  xx
I watching some BGT- Loving Aiden and Stavros Flatley 
I watching Tv. 
i we just got paiiiiiiid, Lets get laiiiiiidddd. 
i wear my sunglases at night 
I went around for 5 hours today smelling like melted chocolate. It was very amusing seeing people trying to guess my perfume today 
i went down that funny slide - it sank in but it was fun anyway  i don't need to mention that my denim pants are all over wet now, right?
I went for a run that has turned into a leisurely walk around southie. @stopthissongx you should come outside to see me later 
I went home.  Happy happy hey! So glad to be home!!!
i went i went   damn its hard to breath when its hot out! im out of shape damn it! tomorrow i start p90x ... lets see how long that lasts
I went in to clean the men's bathroom... and there's a guy stand peeing. The next guy who walks in Zac says, &quot;Try not to walk in on him!&quot; 
I went out in 49...came back in 42...I then went out again   ... but this time in 45 ... I rarely warm up much, maybe I should!
i WENT RUNNING TODAY!! 
I went shopping today  I got soo many clothes 
I went shopping today and bought this.... I love it  http://twitpic.com/4eolx
I went shopping today!! 
I went to a pawn shop yesterday and picked out four movies...They were all romance/chick flicks. I was like &quot;I can be so girly somethimes 
I went to little Vic's bday party and saw Mission Impossible 3 which was just so awesome.
i went to my cousins baptism today! it was good. took a nap and hung out with megan. good day. going to bed, goodnight twitter 
I went to my first adoption day today. I was such a brave girl and my foster mommy said I did really well 
I went to the city today, alec's house randomly...the izzets for tea and then home with alec and ed 
I went to the galleria   http://twitpic.com/68a2i
I went to the gym today!! go me 
I went to the movies today all by myself! Ha! Now dinner with mommy and daddy 
i went to the movies today to go see night in the museum 2...! it was awesome!!  and really funny! and the jonas brothers were in it! :O
i went to the sunshine coast today  loved it! totaly living there! lol
I went to TK Maxx today with my S-I-L. I now have red polka do mugs and a fake cranberry glass candle stick. Red stuff ahoy! 
I were on picnic with family and some other people . It was so HOT today and I'm super redbrown 
i will always support @mileycyrus even @JustinMGaston cause he rocks  haha
I will be 20 in 6 days 
I will be a medical social worker next semester 
I will be at Bagoong Club tonight!  Crispy Pata, yum! #fb
I will be at my big buddy's Marcus Spears golf tournament on June 22. Great celeb line up. I am not one of them 
I will be back on Facebook et al after the exams in two weeks time. Bye for now! 
I will be back on Monday. Everybody have a great weekend. Nite Nite. 
I will be blogging tomorrow at the Ohio Romance Writers &quot;MySpace&quot; page. Please stop by at: www.myspace.com/ohioromanceauthors 
I will be busy but I will try use twitter much as I can! We are having fun!! 
i will be buying geiger empire shoes in black. I am soooo excited 
I will be contacting my 2600th follower to send them an official capt'n crunch whistle, I'm geeky like that 
I will be covering #Startupcity happening tomorrow on @ControlEnter, follow if you are not already 
I will be glad to get away from all this rainy English weather for a while 
I will be going on vacation next month(June 10th) and I start to miss my home town Taipei Taiwan now 
I will be heading home from work on time today 
i will be living in nyc july 11 till aug 7! 
I will be making an impression of the #SwedishChef during my live netcast on Sunday 
I will be out at Englewood Beach all day tomorrow for my early birthday/going away to the U.K. party; all welcome, call me for directions 
I will be playing FF XIII in less then a year! 
I will be spending the night with my wonderful woman tonight no matter what! even if it means watching chick flicks 
I will be spreading barkdust @ 2PM today... If you want to help, I'll BBQ you some burgers for dinner! Let me know 
I will be taking mini breaks all day to see what you are all doing  My computer is also in my studio.  Woo hoo for that!!
I will be very concerned if the Vatican's new facebook page doesn't list Jesus as a friend! 
I will buy Kuppa a Beer if the build issue is resolved soon enough !! 
I will certainly change of hair's color next week ! 
I will continue my #followfriday recommendations later - the girls missed the bus; gotta run them to school! lol Have a blessed morning. 
I will cut my bangs.... I can't wait to see my new hair!! hope that it will be great! 
I will definitely get sick of eating out this weekend but I'm stoked for graduationnnnnn 
I will eat breakfast now - and drinking coffee !!!! 
I will eventually update my profile with a pic 
I will exchange links with poetry and writing related websites and blogs, email me: alwest56@hotmail.com. Website: www.dreamquestone.com 
I will follow you... wherever you may go... 
I will get a glow, just thinking of you  and the way you look tonight 
I will get my wish, dreams do come true, there's no place like home.  Dreams do come true, there's no place like home. Say it with me!  
i will go home and do some readings for the exam... plz everybody pray for me.... 
I WILL go to bed at a decent time tonight. Have sooooo much shit to do tmr before I leave on Wed! Excited 
I will go to Hannover! 
I will go to sleep 20 years old and wake up 21 years old 
I will have a good day today.   
I will have a stan chart card not because i want it but because its the only way for me to access money that i have earned 
i will have one house in the scottish highlands, an apartment in vancouver, and a private villa on a faraway island 
I will have Sims 3 in my hands in about just under 13 hours maybe?  yay
I will hopefully be with liz and brooke today. 
I will marry this boy.   i have missed him so much. I love him with all my heart.
I will never eat again after that pizza w/ @mitchelmusso in Manhattan! 
I will never stop loving Boys Like Girls 
I will open my online shop tomorrow June 8. Yey! 
I will our annual fair ... itï¿½s one of the best things in the year  Hope itï¿½s coming soon ... I love ya G.G. ?
I will read Kite runner and then a thousand splendid suns, this time I'll actually finish it.  I'll read till my eyes hurt, I love to read
I will return to the world of X-Box Live Sunday afternoon. I decided to take Saturday off to enjoy other things, and get to know a friend 
I will see you again. 
I will send a copy of this email to the Prime Minister of Canada among others. You should not have opened Pandora's Box. Peace 
I will shower now 
I will spit right in your fucking face, how does it taste? As the lips are sealed below your waist, YOU WILL NEVER FUCK AGAIN. haha jk 
i will start season 2 tomorrow 
'I will stay, I'm gonna love you every step of the way' that song's in my head  Lol!!
I will survive, oh as i know how to love i know i'll stay alive 
I will take her to the Vet after I get my Soc. Sec. on Wed.  Keep her in your prayers, please.  
I will take this http://bit.ly/iUFbu  with a side of beach.  Or outdoor pool.
I will try and follow you all back over the course of the day but if i have missed you please do @ me and ill follow you! 
I will update my Twitter in the middle of the night to piss everyone off that has me linked to their phone 
I will use Google before asking dumb Question.: Image: http://justfuckinggoogleit.com/bart.gif       http://tinyurl.com/ng9gkw
I will visit Leif 47DX047 on his 47DX/SJ001 activation today 
i will wait for you all summer 
I will watch t.v. muna. 
I will write u a song.. thats how youll know that my love is still strong. Listening to plain white t's!! 
I win in flip cup again.  I'm on a roll.
I wish  I could choose what bands played trash on june 20th...hmmm!!! 
i wish @jonasbrothers would come to tour in Sri Lanka    =D
I wish all mother's a happy mother's day  
I wish Chuck was on tonight!  Can't wait - #ChuckMeMondays
I wish dinner was early.. Or someone would just let me eat all the pancetta... Mmmm 
I wish every job were this easy...sitting at the parent's store, drinkin green tea and reading a book!  
I wish every night was like tonight     now to make coffee and work til 3am (oh joy...)
I wish franz ferdinand could give me private shows evry day 
I wish He didn't trust me so much.... as to deliberately put me in these trials. But I know He will stay with me until the end 
I WISH HE WOULD HURRY UPPPPPPP!!!! 
I wish I can see clips of your show that you hosted. Hottie Shawn in the 80's! and yes your still a Hottie! 
I wish I could @thesnarkyone, but I'm trying to keep my twittering family friendly. 
i wish i could be a star too... with glitz and glam and that diva attitude...oops but no, I'm just a cupcake frosting 
i wish i could dance like that 
I wish I could find a comparison shot of finger prints for identical twins I'd like to see the difference 
i wish i could go get drunk with all my old laguna peeps tonight. have fun tonight hueezy!make sure katie wears her subway gloves tonight 
i wish i could say a tornado wouldnt keep me from new kids but it did...out at the beach! Steph 
i wish i could shut my playboy mouth 
I wish I could watch parts of my life back in a movie!! This is so perfect 
i wish i could win money. i'd love to buy all the books i want... 
I wish I had a *real* Swiss bank account  #spymaster
I wish I had a British or Australian accent  lol
I wish i had a fish that cud sing carols and short stack songs then we'd eat pie and skip marryly into the sunset itd b grand 
i wish i had a lovee. i'll just steal Guy Berryman or Bear Grylls  jk that can never happen
i wish i had auto tune in my thoart, thn ur voice will always be sounding pretty, even in the mornings 
I wish I had bio answers. I'm just gunna skip 8 and 9 cause its extra credit anyways, and i know which questions are on the test, now 
I wish I had brought my copy of Deathly Hallows home with me! Summer and Harry Potter go together like cookies and milk! 
i wish i lived in forks..is forks a real place? edward lives in forks 
I wish I lived in like the long lost island of Caribiliam or something. Anything away from here. 
i wish i may, i wish i might, Lord i wish i had gone to the Bahama's 2nite  Another time. Tweet m after the witching hr; time 2 fly, muaah
'I Wish I Was A Polar Bear' - Ted &amp; Francis 
i wish i was famous so i could go to the MTV Awards.... 
I wish I was gunna be at the cws when @mitchelmusso was! 
I wish I was home with @freshnupe1911 
I wish I was sleeping on the floor of a smelly van somewhere that isn't here.. 
I wish i was with my bubus right now  i miss them very much!
I wish I went swimming today... too bad none of my friends were going.  If they had called...   Did you go?
i wish i were a better person sometimes, but i am who i am and I'm happy with that 
I wish i would just blackout when i do stupid things because then i would have an excuse. 
I wish it could all just stay this way!  These moments are to memorable to ever forget! 
i wish josh hutcherson had a twitter... i wouldve kill him with my tweets.. 
i wish my computer was in the living room, then i could watch tv too 
I wish my girlfriend wasn't sad and that she was in my bed cuddling  i &lt;3 her 
I wish my life was more extreme. I need to go skydiving 
i wish my name was William...hahahahhahahaahahahaha 
I wish my phone made me pass a breathalizer before typing. everything after this is a tipsy typing 
I wish Picasa (desktop) worked with Flickr.  I know, right?
i wish skittles were ALL red and purple!! 
I wish SPOJ could treat &quot;IIIT-Hyderabad&quot; , &quot;IIIT, Hyderabad&quot; and &quot;IIIT Hyderabad&quot; as 1 name, then the score would've been better 
I wish that Chanel has a 90% storewide sale.  Chanel 2.55 for me, please!
I wish that i was still asleep, but LAST DAY OF SCHOOL! 
I wish the mom-celebrity translator was a real product 
i wish the myspace picture downloader thing was faster! grrr 
I wish them happiness, I really do 
I wish there I there's a Chiaki-sama teru teru bozu to make the rain stop... 
I wish there was a way for guys to stop being so forward.  It's awkward and embarrassing for me.  Nooo thank you. 
I wish there's a Chiaki-sama teru teru bozu to make the rain stop... 
I wish this Austin rain would stop... there's a double-header baseball game v OU(sucks) today! 
I wish today was a better day than it turned out, hopefully tomorrow will be better 
I wish water polo would get more respect. There's so much violence that the referees miss. 
I wish we could be right here right now always, touchin and loving you sooo right. Just wanna hold you tight, all day all night. 
I wish wolverine was on tv 
I wish work weeks went as fast as weekends do!! 
I wish Wrighty wouldn't wear so much stage make up he's starting to look like Danny LaRue 
i wish you a happy #hoppusday and a happy day too 
i wish you well ashton 
I wish you were happy mrf 
I wish you were on so that i could yell at you.  http://tumblr.com/xoz1p1da0
i wish you were younger 
I wnt some more toe socks, n need some new draws. Who's trynna start a fund?!?!!! 
i wnt to say a big thnx to every 1 that wished me happy Bday &amp; i want to thank  @nunokaka84 for making a video wishing me happy bday 
i woke him up in the end. Got bored. 
I woke up 12 today.. *yawn* Happy mothers day mom! 
I woke up about an hour ago. But still laying in bed.. Gotta do my nails! 
I woke up absolutely soaked but my hair looks great. Nothing like dry fever sweats to give hair volume and body. 
i woke up at 4:30 (PM) Today... I broke my record  yay!
I woke up at my cousins house this morning, now im at home and I have done 1 and a 1/2 piece's of coursework. 
I woke up before my alarm... at 5:45am. Weird. Off to swim and then teach until noon! 
I woke up early again today... Im kinda happy!  I walk the kids to school today,and that is what made me very happy 
I woke up early this morning, and now Im off to the city with caitlin, michaela. kyle and jake, to see julia, andrew and naffanz  today..
i woke up freaking out cuz i thought today was fathers day...  
i woke up in a wonderful mood! and to see the snow falling out the window is icing on the cake. today will kick ass! it's all i'll accept 
I woke up in Italy , here now it's like 12 : 21 PM hahaha and I woke up now - I love Italy .. gonna go to the Tower of Picza , can't wait 
I woke up just now!!!  i am sooooooo  tired
I woke up LATE! At 720 am, got ready, made my bed, got my Starbucks and still got to work two mins early! I love where I live 
i woke up my girl singin&quot;wake up sleepyhead, i think the suns a little brighter today&quot; &amp; she smiled at me! 
I woke up on time! LOL Good morning tweeps! 
i woke up so late today, its so sunny and beautiful!! currently doing my makeup ready to out for L with the fam 
I woke up this morning, checked my e-mail, and got 2 more offers from short-term summer jobs. Today will be a good day. 
i woke up to a fabulous text this morning.  it sets the tone for a great day today! annnnd, last monday of my sophomore year.  
I woke up to jazzy tunes and random inkings on my arm: good times. lol 
i woke up today the only child now i have three retard ass twitter sisters... @weezyrebel @themadmodel @ladyw87 lmfao follow them please! 
i woke up with a smile on my face. 
I woke up with the worst headache. 2 much alchy in the tea... Mornin every1, it's gonna b a beautiful weekend 
I woke up, fead a puppy and now working a little and waiting for a postman 
I woke up.. and nobody was home :s so i ate chocolate cake for breakfast 
i wokes up in georgia 
I won 8 Awards! I'll totally miss you NMS 8th Grade! 
i won a coconut yesterday  so happy i suppose i done the sympathy vote haha oh well  i wanna go into town maaaaan! come with me?
I won a free Blacberry Storm. Great birthdate gift.   Won it here: http://tinyurl.com/dccdxb
I won a goldfish at the carnival! He's sitting right beside me 
i won my first singles match today! best match i have ever played i want to play singles all the time! 
I won the Bedfont Lakes #parkrun 5k this morning in 18:26.  OK, so there were no real fast people there but a win's a win right? Yay  
I won the first round! 
I won the greencard lottery 
i won this yesterday  ! http://tinyurl.com/n4kfxm
I WON!.... the battle @ TapeDeck Jam that is  (Video up soon on: http://mckiko.com!!)
I wonder how I did just now... First time covering wedding by myself! Can't wait to finish with the editing 
I wonder how it will taste? 
I wonder how long it takes me to get 10,000 followers. I can't even believe i have any followers.  I appreciate anyone who gives a fuck.
@jennjoysmith love the dance mob mix. good cd to have in my car. thanks 
@jennkate01 of course. 
@jennkwan Thanks Jenn! Yes, I love it. I should take off more often. 
@Jennlee3741 That is what happens when you don't follow me, or @chucktvdotnet @ChuckMeMondays @PromoteChuck, or even @ChuckYouTuesday 
@JennLH awwww love you too  Had to get on and see what the fuss is ;) Still on for this week?
@JennLovesM5 @Lucky_Gem @JaydDragyn @pinkcutie91 @TDLQ ok, girlies...I'm outta here too! Nighty night ALL! 
@JennLovesM5 enough to sneak me to LA?????     :: looking hopeful ::
@JennLovesM5 well if you don't like...can't argue with that...i still lurve you jenn! 
@JennMachine Told you that you would do that!!! 
@JennMarieee and ur enjoying it! .. i cant wait to hear all about it .. someday!  haha .. love u!
@JennnaaBeeean hahaha! well see you tomorrow  cant wait for summer!
@Jennorocks Gay!!! lol We will get the 5 extra goals against Wigan weds nite 
@jennprattartist HA! LOL. Mine has harmonicas scattered around the house in the strangest of places. Welcome to the club! 
@jennreneemusic: Ooh, I feel you on the depression. I've been hit rough all of a sudden. I just try and gym it out. Works the best for me 
@jennroo do u wanna chat on aim??? Or is twitter otay wit you??  it doesn't matter 2 me...its up 2 you
@jennroo okay koo...I'm koo wit that...like I said I respect that   and yeah it give us more time 2 get 2 know eachother a lil more  ...
@jennroo yeah no kidding huh... hopefully soon we can.. 
@jennrothschild not me!! I seek that youthful glow begrudgingly as well! 
i want him to be Mine 
i want ice cream  ahh havent had somee in forever!!
i want it 
I want it to be June 21. 20 more days 
i want it to keep raining, then flood, then no school 
I want James Cameron to never stop talking. Totally pumped for Avatar now 
I want Jason Mraz in my bed with nothing more than a guitar  .... &amp; maybe his hat.
I want june 10 to come already ! 
I want Leadership soooo bad! 
i want LVATT to be #1 trending topic 
I want Micheal Angarano  in my pants. kay?  btfo Kstew.
I wonder if @nicksantino can Crank That Soulja Boy... If so, I want proooof 
I wonder if @ophieracine heard the alien noises the bus was making when she saw me on it. @ophieracine did you hear it? 
i wonder if anyone would notice if i just left work for the day and diverted my phone.... 
i wonder if i could have 100 or more followers at the end of the day. (via @MJthedog) I'll race ya there!! 
I wonder if I should put a bet on Cubs winning world series in 2015 due to BTTF II. I'd love it if it actually happens.  Me = geek 
I wonder if I will be entitled to a free upgrade on my iPhone which was bought over 6 months ago... would be really nice! 
I wonder if I'm the only one in the office with a tub full of oak and maple seedlings 
I wonder if my Mum can hear my k-pop from her bedroom 
I wonder if online update anxiety is a real disorder.  Oh how I suffor 
I wonder if the graduate students leaves with boats. It would be awesome if it's that way. 
I wonder if the matriculation exam results are released next Friday? I'm nervous as hell. Don't even know my predicted grades 
I wonder if the NBA has a Kobe-Dwight commercial in the works juss in case 
I wonder if the top trending spot got a price tag on it... jus wondering 
I wonder if the UK government is considering blocking #expenses ? 
i wonder if typing #squarespace in every tweet helps your chances. but happy news: i finally got the javascript to work!! 
i hate waking up this early...maybe pancakes will make things better 
i hate washing up. its just ewww. that was well worth it though. 
I hate watching scary movies. Wish i was cuddling! Ungrounded friday  let's party!
I hate watching television. I got addicted to some shows and can't stop watching it. And know I am so addicted to BOF. 
I want more followers by the time I get back from Florida!  
I want more hours today, just not enough time to enjoy everything good! 
I wonder that the songs sound like on @ddlovato's new album HERE WE GO AGAIN...I guess i just have to wait for July 21st 
i wonder what a Schick Injector mfg license would cost?  Injector head w/modern pivot = good idea? discuss.    #shave #shaving #wetshaving
i wonder what all today has in store for me...hmmm.....should be interesting 
I wonder what is the best, to stay in the sun of this nice afternoon or to go to see Andrea to annoy it 
I wonder what it feels like to have a mustache. Or as Bullwinkle put it, a &quot;moose-tache.&quot; 
I wonder when I'm going to get my Radio Active Dvd...hmm... hope I get it soon 
i wonder when will the rain stop? ampf. my converse is so dirty already XD what the heck at least i can still wear it 
I wonder who that was directed at?  Funny though!
I wonder why a mockingbird is singing at 1 am. Doesn't he know what time it is? Great now others are chiming in. Never heard that before. 
i hate when i can't remember the really cute/clever things I come up with. It makes me want to hurt people. 
I hate when I forget to take off my make up. Thank goodness for baby wipes 
I hate when I'm always the one to suggest what to eat 
I hate when my eyes won't stay open! There's about to be a big ol' rumble! Oh well, it'll still be there tomorrow, I guess! 
I wonder... 
i won't be alone.. 
i wont be twittering to much today because ill be at a comp for most of the day!!!!!!! so ill catch ya all later 
I won't get a chance to put in my FOB question in so I'm a little bummed but I'm watching Jim Gaffigan: King Baby so it's all good  BACON!
i wont lose sleep over it.. lol.. well.. hmm maybee.. ready to climb into bed! 
I won't lose these words. I'll write them all down for you. 
i won't recommend flying w/ a 3yo and a 7wo, but nothing quite tops a gramma in tears as she reaches for her new granddaughter. 
i won't stop till i get my freeeedomm! 
i wont though 
I wont.  i took off my contacts 
I wore 5 inch heels to the festival yesterday lmao I cannot help it, I'm a high heel type of girl. 
I wore green today.. Now Mousavi's fan will love me. hehe 
I WORE JEANS!!!!!!!!!!!!! HURRAY  
I wore sweatpants to school today 
i work at 6am and im still up. cool  HBO rules my life.
I work at www.tisme.com.au - your website could go for some rebranding; new logo perhaps? 
I hate when people try to tell me what my voice is capable of... its my voice let me do with it what I want thank u 
I hate when the guy at the gas station makes fun of me!! Now pickin up jess then shoppin real quick then off to competition! 
I work more on gmail 
I worked all day long, and not too tired 
I worked on this app  http://post.ly/jMN
i worked on this project at J&amp;J  - http://bit.ly/1OAmvD
I worked out, waxed, cleaned, prayed and studied for mcat today. so productive  yay, now for sleep!!
I worry about my spelling also Chloe!  You are the only one who reads my updates - i feel blessed! 
i would  die for you on skyway avenue. 
I would appreciate it if you would. I am a big Tim Kaul fan ya know 
I would be freakishly impressed if someone knew what that last tweet was about...OMG... Yes frank I'll be ur funny valentine 
I want my laptop  I wish they were macs, didn't the schools in victoria get macs?
I WANT MY WHOLE BODY INKED UP...JUST COVERED IN TATTOOS...GOD IM STILL HIGH FROM THAT FEELING  xoxo &lt;3
i would gladly sleep with @rustyrockets next time he's in sydney 
i would hate to b like youu 
i would have wanted to share his orange popsicle 
I would inform @salnews about it, but they don't @ reply anyone. LOL if they actually see this. 
I would just like to point out that I was actually the one who correctly accused the mafia. Kthnx. 
I would like a date please. 
I would like to add that I am joking about said 'hopes'. If I am to be ravished in the back of a white van I'd prefer attractive women. 
i would like to have CATS the musical on my iPod 
I would like to introduce you all to @soyagroupoftree Shane Grove! Make him feel warm and welcome and go tweet at his sexy ass 
I would like to know traffic stats for lutrija.hr as of thjs hour 
I would like to propose a Carry On Twitter film. There are some highly qualified people here 
i would like to see bacn.me added to tweetdeck as an option for a url shortener   tweetdeck would be even better with #bacon
I wan't popcorn!! because of @patricklanglois and @seblefebvre on the MOH- video- prodcast! I've always wan't popcorn when I see that! 
I want ppl to learn frm the mistake n most importantly not to repeat  so dear kids, enjoy free sms receiving at every 10 mins fr a week
I want psycho donuts to. I might head over to San Hose for the summer 
I want see MTV Movie Awards!! I can`t wait for tomorrow 
I would like to toast to tanning, eating, and vegging with my best friend all day 
I would love to add user and share notes in @evernote 
I would love to crawl back into bed and sleep a little while longer 
i would love to go to sleep right now. but luckily, its a late start tomorrow. so looking foward to sleep in 
I would love to have this  Magnets in each finger http://digg.com/u14Wxr
I would love to spend more time but I got so many things to do... *sing* 
i would love to to move to new york &amp; work there IT Managerr ??!!  I am when i'm olderrr hopefullyy
I hate you both! 
i hate you! you should die 
i hate/love it how oth aren't showing any clips of tonight with peyton and lucas so it's all a suprise and noone knows whats gunna happen 
i hath apple jacks 
I have  day off 2moz from school since i don't have any exams...life is sweet 
I want some apples and strawberries... hehe 
I want some candy!!! 
i want some kisses  who wants to give me some??
I want some music ... Lets pump up some James Brown 
I want some new followers  SAY HELLO IF YOU'RE FOLLOWING 
I want some orange juice 
I want some pink crush cola 
i want some strawberry shortcake OR tiramisu ... yuuummm 
i want subway. 
I want summer now... i'm getting impatient. 
I want summer! i want summer! 3 and 1/2 day then summer holiday 
I would say that made a pretty damn good 300th post. 
I would SO get arrested within the first 10 minutes of using it..... 
I would very much like to do something today. Hit me up? 
I wouldn't  be doing this if i hadn't gotten inspired by Kerry. Bionik fitness has been a blessing for me!  Thanks KERRY for EVERYTHING!
I wouldn't be able to make it with out this one person! Happy Mother's Day mommy!! 
I wouldn't believe last night if it hadn't happened... 
I wouldn't blast the geese. I like animals too much. For starters none of them Twitter.... 
I wouldn't mind meeting a vronsky though lol... Especially if he looked like sean bean 
I wouldn't miss traveling ni loca!! So ready to go to rio celeste 
I wouldn't neccassary call them Twalkers.. give'em a chance 
i have &quot;hey there ben wiese&quot; stuck in my head now. yay. haha 
I have @TheRealFrankieJ right here..my 4 yr old lil boy, danny..always singing..never stops and makes up his own words! Lol.he's so cute 
i have 1,097 twittes    yay me
i have 100 followers  arent you proud @theeblakbeckham lol
I have 100 followers. 
I have 1742 message in my gustbook at www.doguedebordeaux.se I want have 3000  Pls sign my guestbook.
I have 1899  followers for quite some time now.. who would like to make it 1900 
i have 199 followers.. and a bitch aint one. 
i have 1h 30m to go  wooooooo wooooooo hehehe 
I have 4 bars of chocolate left. 3 Caramellos and 1 White Fredo left.\Be prompt tomorrow if you want a chocolate bar 
i have 69 friends on blogtv &amp; on facebook. 
I have 7 votes on Ms Twitterworld... I think all of them are by me 
I have a babelas... ! good night out.. 
I have a backyard again and I am looking forward to gardening in it this summer.  
I write my own story down. Allow me to introduce ... Kate. 
i ws thinking ...hmmmm .  i wnt to plan something big muahahaha 
I wuv the serires movies 
I yelled at lord knows how many drivers for not respecting the funeral procession, and- (oy!). Prankin' from the grave- awesome. 
I you have five dollars and Chuck Norris has five dollars... Chuck Norris has more money than you. 
i&amp;heart;twitter 
i&lt;3 it here..had to say it again  -j.
i&lt;3 walk away by mitchel musso 
I, not U  I know *you* can dance. Whether I can, after my spectacular swan dive off our front steps, is a mystery.
I, zombot, do hereby and for evermore declare, that instead of  I shall use ï¿½ as my smilemoticon. That is all...
I. Can't. Sleep. This sucks. But I am on the phone with a cute girlie 
I. Hate. Sidney. Crosby. GO WINGS!! 
i... just belted 'a dark congregation' for no reason. think i got back at my upstairs neighbors for the sound system 
I have a bedroom again! 
I have a better idea: need a couple hour of relax. bed time. Sweet dreams to everyone!  love u all
I have a big feeling that something good is gonna come this way. Besides the Vancouver weather. LOVIN IT by the way!  
i have a blackberry but do not have texting or internet on it...  if you ever need me, YOU MUST CALL.    #randomfact #aboutme
i have a blogspot now 
I have a boomerang 
I have a bun.. Oops. I mean a cake in the oven...Lol. &quot;HaPpY BoDaY JuNiOr!!&quot; its too cute. 
i want suuuuun. gosh yesterday yay ! love  our fight 
I want that again. 
i want the cd 
I want the clothes from Grease! 
I Want the NEW August Burns Red Album!!!!! 
I want the new palm pre !! it looks sooo freaking amazing . I need it . &amp; ill have it by my bday . 
I want the Samsung Memoir. It MUST be mine 
I want the Sims 3, time to be a whiny and annoying 13 year old. I've been playing the sims since 1999. 
I want these for my birthday. Size 43. Thanks.  http://bit.ly/OcOzB
I want this notebook http://tinyurl.com/d5h7yz 
I want this shirt: http://twurl.nl/gpqo8n 
i want this week to be over! invitations, then volleyball  screw studying!
I want this week to be over. 
I want to be a wilderness explorer 
I.... could be with you, you could be with me and we can be perfect together 
I...AM...GOING...TO...SEE...BEYONCE....TONIGHT. Holy Crap I'm excited 
i.d like to welcome all my new follower 
i.DO.NOT.HOOK.UP 
i.e. : don't fear the protagonists -- the Juggernaut -- especially when he licks at your heels -- he might just see something that uDoNot 
i.m just turning around world 
i: had long day. want taco bell. and i have to go back to work for my schedule. then home to shower and sleep. 
I`m a free man. Exams finished and it went well!! Helloooo SUMMERRRR 
I`m back  !  Talk to me . (: I`ve been on re.view.me for like EVER
i`m be in the chat! 
I`m bored,,can you Follow Me? It`s much appreciated. 
i`m def outside today!!!!! Bbq`s ALL OVER THE Q-BOROUGH 
I`m new to twitter. I`m still not used to using it. hope you can help me guys. 
i`m watching toy story  
I want to be at the Grapevine at 930. Im 15 min ahead of schedule so far 
I want to be brave; classy. G. Kipp, no matter what.  Oh, and I love smartwater. 
I want to be home with my love right now. I want to play hopscotch in the sand with him. 
I want to be there @ stephanie and fredy and al the party people! this afternoon I'll be there 
I Want to Be Where You Are by Marc Broussard is a GREAT song. 
I want to become famous so i can meet him..He's different than the others...and because i want to become an actor! I hope it'll work 
ï¿¼â€œ coool. 
ï¿½ had blessed service + d.licious lunch at church...  ï¿½
ï¿½ i am loving china glaze, does anyone have any suggestions on nice colours ? 
ï¿½60 tip for a ï¿½150 bottle of champagne = Win for Ryan!! thank you rich virgin airways man 
ï¿½cont) ticket back to UK* 
ï¿½Hola Twitter! I'm coming! 
ï¿½nce Terminator The Sarah Connor Chronicles S02E21 sonra Mentalist S01E19 keyifliyim 
ï¿½To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.ï¿½ Ralph Waldo Emerson.  
ï¿½We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.ï¿½ ~Winston Churchill~ 
ì„±ìž¥í†µ. ë?” í?° ë‚˜ë¬´ê°€ ë? ê²Œìš”  will become a bigger tree .
í•˜ë²„ë“œ ë¹„ì§€ë‹ˆìŠ¤ ìŠ¤ì¿¨ í•™ìƒ?ë“¤ì?´ ì¡°ì‚¬í•œ ì „ ì„¸ê³„ íŠ¸ìœ„í„° ì‚¬ìš©ìž? ë¶„ì„?. &quot;Men Follow Men and Nobody Tweets&quot;http://bit.ly/1Gs40W ì?½ì–´ë³´ì‹œë?¼ê³  ê°•ìš”ëŠ” ì•ˆ í•©ë‹ˆë‹¤.  @ludens_ ë‹˜ê»œ ìœ ìš©í•  ë“¯.
ì•„ì?´í?° ê²Œìž„ ë¦¬ë·° ì‚¬ì?´íŠ¸ ê¸°ìž?ì?¸ Arnold Kim say @arnoldkim so, sorry, no video chat for next iphone 
Î•Ï‡Î¿Ï…Î¼Îµ Î³ÎµÎ½Î½Î·Ï„Î¿Ï?Ï?Î¹Î± ! @iliaskount nephew #deb8 
iÂ´m freeeeeeeeee!!!! sweet summer!! 
IÂ´m going to sleep now 
iÂ´m listening to &quot;youÂ´re so vain&quot; right now... great song and &quot;how to loose a guy in 10 days&quot; is even better... have to watch it tonight 
IÂ´m looking on this wonderful planet - called earth - through a raindrop and realise how the world sparkle in the sun 
IÂ´m lucky today. I was jogging at 06:15 am.! It was great - I lost some weight - good feeling!! 
iÂ´m on the road to ride my bike 
IÂ´m realy lazy.IÂ´m watching TV  Ok.IÂ´m going do my homework, realy. 
I want to buy a new notebook 
i want to buy chameleon circuits album. so i might... because i love them 
I want to buy Levi's shirt! Can?  Window shopping at Gurney Plaza and is looking for food for dinner.
i want to buy new pair of undies..hahahaha 
I want to cover Daniel merryweather paint it red, I love that song 
i want to cut and style hair.. -zohan 
i want to dedicate my 19,000 tweet to all of the wonderful people I have met via twitter - you are all truly amazing and hugs to you all 
i want to do something tomorrow. text me. 
I want to dream about a specific red head tonight 
I want to drink tonight,, want a cosmopolitan 
iÂ´m so happy right now &lt;3 kristen stewart is great 
iÂ´m so tired! think i will drink a coffee first 
IÂ´m starving! IÂ´ll look for something to eat now   xo
IÂ´ve made a 7 minute video trailer for our debut album. Check it at http://www.thedustconnection.com if you like 
iain sinclair thing on thursday! YES 
iam  stuffed   went  out for  supper  with   my  mom....next  time  im  gettin   a  half portion  of  pasta 
I'am at school yeah  xoxo
iam back with twhirl @ twitter 
Iam bored u guys 
iam boreed.............this is practicly my saterday! One more week untill mexico 
Iam chillin  the best way to relax :d
Iam Eating...crakers....with BuTteR  they're tasty too 
iam going 2 make a video showing how to make a Fauxhawk pony-tail, how to dress as a PUNK and at the end, make a nice punk makeup look 
iam gonna do a mad printout session in the library. printing out some cruise travel documents for my mama 
iam now signing off with a with a &quot;good night and may God bless you all tonight&quot;. 
Iam realy liking the new Seed Manager.  It sure looks a lot better than the old.  Test seed worked well. Can't want for a real seed. 
iam sorry watch a tv! .. SD  is my favorite program ! yeeesssss. not here,
iamdiddyTODAY IS #nobitchassnessfriday GIVE A HATER A HUG!!!!! retweet   
IAMX gig was outstanding last night and as I was driving it was nice to wake up without a hangover  ..... Good times.....
i want to dye my hair PURPLE 
I want to eat chocolate.. 
I want to eat pancakes! Yeah, now. 
I Want To Eat Your Pussy http://tinyurl.com/5mrnbf 
I want to find someone to do a shoot with this weekend... BLAH! 
I want to get my tongue pierced 
I want to get sims 3 for my mac 
I want to go back  Mexico was awesome
i want to go back to the past haha having fun with my bestfriend and cousins  hope i can hihi
I want to go camping super bad. If anyone knows a good secluded place that I don't have to hike to you should let me know 
I want to go for a walk  but I'm not going to. I'm too lazy &amp; I can't think of where to walk.
I Have a Confession. - Jimmy Eat World are Amazing  yes i bet you already knew that, didnï¿½t you. yeah well... http://tumblr.com/xke1wn26j
I have a couple of new followers with locked tweets. Please DM me with something about you. 
i have a craving for kiddie cocktails lol 
I have a crush on this guy at my job, name is tyler and his eyes are blue and very mesmerizing and he is too cool. Nite 
I have a crush on Wyatt Cenac! Too much Daily Show I suppose. 
I have a dream that one day we will all be judged not by our profile picture, but by the content of our tweets. 
i have a feelin that big things r goin 2 b happenin very soon for Butterflies www.ButterfliesTheMovie.com 
I have a feeling I'm gonna get addicted to this shit. 
I have a feeling that Green Day will dominate once again. I cant wait 
I have a feeling that i wont be disappointed with Paramore's new album  too bad i have to wait until Sept Dx
I have a feeling this is going to be another classic summer musically....memories are going to be made 
I have a feeling today is going to be &quot;the&quot; day - something unexpectedly good is happening 
i have a feeling today is going to be amazing 
I have a fever! I'm glad because this means I can take time off from work tomorrow.  P.S., @kaydeejoyce I know what you mean about Bryan.
Ian's states tomorrow in Zeeland 
IAR has very kindly donated a rescue boat to WSOS for the bear  sanctuary. The boat's name is  &quot; BEAR SONG&quot;  Thanks LN &amp; IAR team 
IB English World Lit 
Ibiza in august with my bff cannot wait...ammazing!! 
ice age 2 on hbo  rocks
ice age 3 please 
Ice blocking  hell ya
Ice coffee with a twist thanks to my favorite oo mama  
Ice Cream = Yum! 
ice cream 4 hot day.....So cool 
ice cream for breakfast is my favoriteee 
ice cream for breakfast. 
ice cream has been forever tainted for me. fantastic night with the girls. off to bed, work in the morning! 
ice cream in the morning. 
Ice cream is really really good. Except that it's cold in the office today, and I'm freezing. 
ice cream just makes everything better  cept for ringing ears.
Ice Cream Man Jus Came By,,.  I Ain' Greedy By Gettin' Two **(Three)** Ice Creams Is It,,.?? : \ Lol,. They Jus Too Guhd,.!!! 
ICE CREAM TRUCK!! is near my house 
Ice cream, yum 
icecream and the sound of slippers when you're walking makes me happy 
I want to go on a rollercoaster! With carmen 
i want to go rave my face of it has been to long who wants to go with me 
I want to go see Wolverine tonight. @xLarkins should take me since I brought him breakfest yesterday.  Return the favor.
i have a flatttt. well, a room in a flat... signing the agreement tomorrow  who's coming to stayyy?!?!
I have a follower for my blog woop! Thanks @crembrule, my one and only fan 
I have a follower!!!! thank you lydia!! I love you baby!!! 
I have a foooood coma right now  About to watch Obsessed with tiffffy!
i have a gay farm run by all my gays 
I have a good feeling! We are close...very close 
I HAVE A GREAT PLAN BREWING 
I have a Headache!! But I'm Updating blog soon 
I want to go to Hawaii and lay on a beach 
Icecream in Hanau 
ICECREAM on unwrappedddd.  iLOVEicecream.
Ice-cream! I Want Ice-cream ! 
Icecream.  then finally leaving newport.
iced coffee = heaven 
Iced coffee as we invade steps that aren't ours with @itsyella  sunday ritual... Then we'll proceed to claras house for brunch.
iCED TEA W/ BACARDi!!!! GOOD NiGHTTTT 
Iceland is great, 4,7 Earthquake !! And nice surroundings... spent 3 hours at Blue Lagoon 
Ice-T @ Prive. Sweeeetttt. LA in the morning. 
Ich folge dir quasi per Google StreetView. 
ich freu mich morgen keine schule zu haben  know what THAT means.. day off suckkkkas xD
ich glaube Execution von den Pink Mountaintops ist ein tolles Lied 
iChatting the UK - trying to sort out the sale of a car - international trade?! 
ICU EDWARD CULLEN WEARING TENTH DOCTORS BLUE SUIT!  
Icyhot is the shit 
IcyTower Combo Rekord: 47 
I'd almost forgotten how great it feels to cycle down a hill with the wind blowing my hair 
I'd be the photon to your electron and take you to an excited state. Lol 
I'd been attacked by Hello Kitty the other day. Mean Kitty..  @yaschan79 How Godzilla Affects My Daily Commute: http://tinyurl.com/d5ygkg2
I'd better go to bed. Good Night everyone  xoxo
i'd come for you only if you told me to 
I have a headache...so I'm not going to do homework...just watch a movie instead 
i have a hitch-hiker thumb 
I have a huge respect, appreciation &amp; love for my new Bollywood teacher, Geeta Dias. She's so warm, generous, &amp; has a great family too 
I have a joystick, a copy of Flight Simulator X, and Windows 7. It's time to fly! 
I have a little crush on zac efron now... He was so cute in 17 again. Good nite tweetys 
I have a long trip ahead of me. It's looking like a car ride full of Sheryl Crow. &quot;I hitched a ride with a vending machine repairman..&quot; 
I have a lot of reasons to be optimistic. 
I have a lot of talented friends! and I love them all 
I have a lot of work to do these days... wish me luck. 
I have a lovely new coaster for my tea. Thanks Nici 
I have a minijob helping people move today! Scooore! Only five bucks an hour tho. Still money 
I have a month's break. Time to do some MacBoy stuff now  I might be painting a wall in my room ;) Black, texture, and white!
I have a new account: 'thomasbl_' please use the new one instead of this! 
I have a new appreciation for Patrick Shwayze. Oh yes 
I have a new appreciation for the game of &quot;quarters&quot;....pizza has never tasted soooooo good 
I have a new art project in mind.  3 different sunsets, 3 different mediums, 3 different locations. Can't wait to get started.
i have a new camera!   happy days...
i have a new favorite song   and it goes with now.
I have a new front picture  http://www.stefanieparker.com/
I have a new glow around me  lovin life and my friends! I'm starting a new chapter in my life title the single life of bee..
I have a new habitt--&gt; watching food channels before sleep, at least it makes me have better dreams 
I have a new item to add to my Christmas list! http://tinyurl.com/q2hhgq isn't it prettyful? 
I have a new look in store for everyone! Maybe you'll get to see it after summer or in between July! We'll see. Depending on how I feel 
i have a new love: matt lanter of 90210. absolutely adore him, ah swoon....  so hot, and so sweet, www.myspace.com/mattlanter is so cute!
i have a new phone its pretty and has pink on it 
i have a new picture in myspace :&gt; just sharing 
I have a new puppy!!  Now I have 2 
i have a new taste of clothes 
I have a new twobby (hobby on twitter), following a celeb each week I've never heard of  You can too, just visit @valebrity and choose one
i have a not so cranky man now 
I have a one year visa to go to Australia!!! Sweet  !
I have a painful voice however, nick joe and kevin made the whole thing so worth while 
I have a picture of Britney Spears covering the screen of my cell phone. She's a nice companion. 
i have a pretty dress on 
I have a pretty good explanation for not going to school 
I have a pretty new purple phone. Did I mention it's purple? 
I have a rainbow Flick my Bic lighter and im really gorram proud of it 
I have a real treat still coming. I got most of the 1558 party on video. Yes, some heads are occasionally in the way, but its there 
I have a real tumblr crush too  - &amp; shorty alreaddy knows who he is right? http://tumblr.com/xqn1xgg0f
i have a second interview with M.A.C cosmetics on friday. holllllly smokes. say your prayers for me. PLEASEEE! 
I have a sinus infection. And i got stickers for my friends 
I have a sister-in-law 
I have a stick  http://yfrog.com/108x2j
I have a story to tell you... its my birthday tomorrow!! yes thats right tomorrow is the 16th....Lauren is a TOOL face... HAPPY EOFYS!!  
i have a study session tomorrow and then no final til wednesday.... ahhhhhh to breathe and relax 
I have a suggestion for a shirt: http://tinyurl.com/mrr7eb 
i have a tan.. woo woo woo.. more sun 2day when outside with the kiddes... gonna look fab for next week 
i have a thing for ice tea 
i have a tonne of work to do, whoever said taking business was a good idea just know i'm not listening to you again  hahaha.
I want to go to the beach it's so lovely outside 
I want to go to the pet store and play with some puppies 
I want to go to Washington. 
I want to go Wakeboarding. Anyone up for a bike ride tomorrow?? 
I want to have a dance party like right now and play nothing but ladygaga and britbrit remixed. Anyways, happyhappyhappy 
i want to have a guitar like taylor swift's 
i want to have a vacation in Caliraya Recreation Center in Laguna... 
I want to have more days like this. 
i want to have my own band  i'll probably name it &quot;Nerds R Kewl&quot;
i want to have twitter on my phone too. 
I want to hear music in my head when he kiss me he he he 
i'd forgotten how lovely dancing in the rain feels. so thankful 
I'd hate to be @unitedairlines.  Only because uh oh, @roblongert is NOT happy. 
id in crewe waiting to go newport 
I'd like some pho 
I'd like to bring 1600 papists in my pocket to St. Louis on Tuesday, if you catch my drift. 
I'd like to get a tattoo of a paper clip.............b/c I'm about as straight as a paper clip 
I'd like to give a shout-out and welcome all of my new followers including @jnbeachlove @TXBirder @teri_sawers + @sgrenda! 
I'd like to give special #followfriday mention to P8CounterAttack for the great work. Keep it going. 
I'd like to personally thank @jasoncalacanis, @leolaporte, @chrispirillo, and @thevixy for my having a great internet day, today. 
I'd like to point out that although we went to bed at the same time &amp; woke up at the same time @Jayme1988 is in a different country to me 
i'd like to remind everyone that was at TLS Live last night that dominique cooked paul chicken tetrazzini.  that is all.
I'd like to take this time to thank #squarespace for the free iPhone ill be winning in 5 hours. Thank all of you good people! 
I'd like to thank Dr. Leaver for this here beautiful smile of mine  my retainer is all I have to hold it together! Lol
I'd like to thank my followers for following me. 
Id like to thank tyler for my fabulous cupcake 
I'd love to act, it'd be amazing' 
I'd love to get to know some of you.. If I follow you, please follow me back? It'd be super lovely. 
I'd love to go see Da Vinci Code but probably not next week.
I'd love to see Tendulkar bowl today and give us two figure runs 
I'd love to share but u're just too far from Indonesia   get well soon by the way for ur stomachache @edith_wawaw http://myloc.me/2TAl
I'd offer to hlp but the commute would be beastly. 
I'd really love to move to Sydney. Even if it's just for Smarties and Tim Tams and Red Rock Deli chips. And wonderful Coldplay memories 
I'd really rather be painting today.. then working, but that's ok.... I'm blessed to have a job that allows me to read, draw, etc 
Id say #joomla is a good topic to be promoting. everyone should write it in their tweets  i will in the future, still gettin used 2 it
i'd say after defeating a troll everyone is surprised at Hermione's strange behaviour 
id soing geometry homework without her geometry book  Imma Genius Babeyyy )
I'd totally forgotten how good Jamiroquai are! Dancing around in procrastination 
Idc about what my mom's going to say about this failure but failures ain't gonna break me  I'm not disappointed at all
Idc what anyone says, she's amazing and she's all mine.  Careless Whisper, covered by Seether STILL kicks ass. 
Idc who sees all my tweets  Theyre all special!
i want to join COC10... 
i want to keep reading but i need to get some sleep. must read before work tomorrow 
I want to keep the bird 
I want to kill a midget, lesbian, money-faced, backstabbing bitch. 
i want to know what love is, i want you to show me. I want to feel what love is, i know you can show me. 
i want to learn how to play the theremin, and the keytar 
i want to live in eeuu 
i want to make babies without the babies with Taylor Lautner 
I want to make love to this weather 
I want to manufacture the Z's... zzzzzz.... 
I want to marry a prince!  Princess Marilyn.....naice.
I want to me there, in the same room that the boys of McFly. omg. just 3 hours 
i want to meet a celebrity this year. can anyone help?? (just wanted to write something 'cause i didnt like the last number 
I want to name my son &quot;Anakin&quot;.  
Idea #5: Trucks/buses have video screen showing MULTIPLE advertisements on the back of the vehicle!  http://TwitPWR.com/Ideas/
IDEA!! I can make invites! There you go julian! 
IDEA: @JadoreMarmite Was just thinking about new business idea  doing some stuff for vicky's work 2moro http://tr.im/oBa3
Ideas for #inappropriatemovies were all part of  #pornmoviespinoffs a couple of weeks back. Including mine 
ideas for a punch?? needs to be simple though hah 
Ideas for nice meals?  I'm hungry! #cooking #recipes #food
Identified my workplace for today.  IMT and Axiell PCs in one place - very very useful 
IDIOTat)AskCarrieLee Th*nks for the Follow Friday recommendation.  (afistfulofsky) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)Brat13 Hey Bruce, thanks for the follow. So what does Kingsmead hold for us today  #ipl cold and overcast day today? (creat ...
IDIOTat)filmmaker_: Th*nks for the follow  (arynablablabla) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)girlarsonist - th*nks for the follow add. I hope the flyers lose though  (chris_renner)
IDIOTat)Honey_Lyn th*nks for the follow  (chavezisme) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)MilanQ Heyy. Th*nks For The Follow.  Have A Good Night. (Frank_Whyte) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)norastewart th*nks for the follow!  (itslauraduggan) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)Phierce and much th*nks for the follow friday definition.  (pishka) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)SIDRENO Hey, th*nks for the follow! &lt;3 YAY 24!  (colbertobsessed) #IDIOT
IDIOTat)tipd Th*nks for the follow!  Hope you're seeing a fraction of all the traffic we're seeing  (knowem)
IDIOTat)tove_liden Th*nks for the follow Tove!  (ddoodm) #IDIOT
idk how to use twitter 
idk if he is!!!! hahahahaha  see you soon!&lt;3
i want to palu nd ap12il is sitting on me while im sitting on the toiletttt. ! lol i loooooove raaaaaychelll! i jus paluuu-ed!  im almost
i want to party with all of you  *twitter love*
I want to play around on a foley stage. Looks awesome 
I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike 
i want to see a movie with some friends now all i need are some friends 
I want to see away we go,I like movies like that,sue me 
i want to see go:audio, someone take me please?  5DAYS(L)
I want to see Hangover today  I keep hearing its funny as hell.
I want to see it again, but with chocolate and maybe popcorn! 
I want to see JONAS sooner!! Aa!! Sooo much!!  I'm goin insane.
I want to see more. 
I want to see Quentin Mosimann perform his electro stuff live  'Duel-electro' has won pride of place on my iPod 
I want to see The Hangover haha. And Up. Jeez some really good movies are playing. 
I want to see the movie 'Taken' now, just because the people in the movie are following U2 around Europe. I am a ridiculous individual 
I want to see Toy Story 3! 
i want to show yous but the colour isnt showing on the cam! i gurss yous will have to wait 8 days 
i want to slowdance with David Archuleta by the ocean sands at night with the stars peeking at us... 
i want to spend all afternoon lying in a hamock in the sun and drinking wine 
I have a twitter! 
I have a uniform for Monday! Yey! The uniform of my resigned co-faculty fits me. Haha! Talk about destiny. 
I have a very large map of the Earth here, the sort you can write on with dry pens and then erase afterwards, it's about time I put it up 
I have a very large, very important academic test in 8 hours and 28 minutes. Then I have a very large, very important desire to let loose 
I have a very smart best friend. 
I have a very talented girlfriend 
I have am a text Illiterate here what I know lol = laugh out loud, U = you,  happy face, @ = at, 2 = to, too &amp; two, 4 = for, or four
I have amazing friends. Thank God for that! 
idk what imma do 2day!! its sunday and friday is my last day of school! yAH! 
idk where all these new followers are coming from but i look forward to selling you something someday  
Idk why, but Harry Potter icons are always the funniest.......
idky I posted the same coment twice... Whatever just ignor it 
Idriss Elba aka Stringer Bell from The Wire is heavy - genuine nice guy, genuine wicked DJ, hooray!! 
IÊ»m tired. But it was great to dance again. 
if @Maan1981 is trying to dump his #LEGO bricks in my yard why wouldn't he just give all his #LEGO to me!!! I'll be rich by then. 
If @quiltshoe arranges a movie marathon (and i'm invited) my quest will be MUUUCH easier 
If 7-11 is open 24 hrs, why do they have a lock on the door? Just a thought 
if a dress or a skirt has more than 3 layers... it must be burn!!  thank you
If all goes according to plan, you CSE RFID guinea pigs should have a bitchin FF extension to play with by the end of this week 
If all goes well I will be on at 7PM tonight! 
If all goes well we will have shrimp fried rice at practice 
If any knows of a good intro to Twitter guide, can they please tweet it to @trixibelle67 as she's new. Thanks 
If any of you are having a boring Easter, then send me a note on msn  I love to chat with people. My msn is ninaalbertsen@gmail.com
if any of you Arena people at #ISC09 have insight on CTI, especially with Snom phones, I want to hear about it 
If any one didn't go to the London MCM Expo you should go in October! ITS CRAZY! you meet so many crazy people  and you get free hugs!
If any one knows a way to get me know that I am writing interesting tweets and if I am writing interesting tweets, please let me know.... 
If anyone at King's is awesome enough to revise in a game of horse with me (something i invented), then you'll find me at the court. 
if anyone cares, my bday is june 3rd. so...this...wednesday. 
If anyone comes upon a Hawaii quarter, please save it for me 
If anyone else takes me stalking them on Twitter as 'the highest compliment', please send me your username and I will get on it for you. 
if anyone fells like sponsoring an Arduino Workshop, I'm totally available  http://www.elemento-indesejado.pt/ ... honest ;)
If anyone gets a  instead of a heart it's because I'm working on the tiny Eee PC and I can't make hearts!
If anyone has any good tofu recipes please send to me 
If anyone has any merchandise pics of the hoodies/tshirts please send them on  #TakeThat
if anyone is bored and knows basic graphic design please hit me up! 
If anyone is free tomorrow and fancies doing something fun I'm game! 
if anyone is near the office, please bring food! preferably something that'll stick to my ribs.. lamb kebobs are always good 
If anyone is on Face Book, please add me as a Friend. My real name is Rafael Martin, and I am trying to get as many Friends as possible. 
If anyone is selling tix for the Drake show at SOBs pls dm me. Thanks in advance 
If anyone is up and has yahoo you can add me on there. My name is EricaLeigh777 same as here 
If anyone know anyone that made aliyah with the help of Nefesh BNefesh please contact me. I would love to talk with them. 
If anyone knows of a good college ministry near silverdale, washington please inform me ASAP. 
If anyone needs help with setting up Trac with mod_python let me know 
If anyone needs inspiration today, @Iconic88 is on FIRE with fun motivational quotes.   Happy Monday!
If anyone needs new sheets, Kinglinen.com has 450 TC Sateen sheet sets on sale for $29.99 until tomorrow... Sooo soft 
If anyone needs tickets to the Disco Curtis/ Shawayze/ PlayRadioPlay show contact myspace.com/trickle_down ! 
If anyone nows anything about (in french cause idk in english) notatin scientifique, anyone who ever, could yu write me some help!! 
If anyone out there in twitterland knows someone who is making and selling fish or butterfly murrini PLEASE send me to them. 
If anyone out there love Dave Matthews as much as I do he will be streaming live in 4 mins on hulu 
if anyone reads this and has left 4 dead.. @reply me.. 
If anyone wants to IM me on AIM or Yahoo: AIM: XTrixtersMommaX Yahoo: Afigirlie 
If anyone wants to read the email I got it's here  http://bit.ly/rcn1m
if anyone wants to volunteer with me in Okehampton - June 21st - Classic Car Rally please send me a DM...thanks 
If anyone would be kind enough to donate some promo codes to qasimzia85@yahoo.com, You'lll get a shoutout and it'd be appreciated! Thanks 
if anyone would like to cruise by w/a venti latte and a pack of marlboro lights, I would be speechless w/gratitude. 
if anyone would like to own this account, please email me at yty5851@gmail.com. 
If ANYTHING grows, I'll be happy. 
if Apple uses the new Samsung AMOLED screens for the iPhone it will just leave everything else in the dust 
if at first you don't get what you want, keep trying....or think of another avenue first - me 
I want to steal an 8 ball from 8 ball... But that would be wrong.. 
I want to take a shower.. I should do it now 
I want to talk about the joy your bringing me, girl. Look what you're doing to me. 
i want to talk to my best friend.. the soon to be famous fashion designer, Alexandria Torres..  
I want to upload a videooo...  but I will wait a bit I guess
I want to watch #Transformers 2 right now! Did you see #MTV Movie Awards seak peek? 
If being foreign means being lovely&amp;beautiful then yeah you got that &quot;foreign&quot; about you  my new poem/ song? Keep on being foreign ;)
if catching feelings hinder progress, throw away that glove. and dance like deezzy (david in 09  )
if celebrities were ordinary people  http://tinyurl.com/d4jo6c Amy Winehouse looks better LOL 
If collage doesn't workout, you can find me in europe 
if congress really wants clean image, then why they fought polls with DMK? 
if dujour were a real group... i probably would've loved them lol 
If England lose today, Pakistan is automatically in the second round. Go Pakistan!  xD
If enough of us tweet appreciations I bet we could give spammers a panic attack.  Spammers are also teachers. 
if fixin 2 leave 4 the cuzns b day 
If heaven is hot arachu vitta sambhar and urulakazhanga kari then I am in heaven. May  my soul R.I.P 
if i can so famous and so beauty as Manohara 
If I can watch House and NCIS tonight, on tape, I'll be so happy 
if I could fit a Kym Marsh reference in there too, I'm sure @bommy would be happy with that 
If I could have a wish now,grant me some friends with a board of monopoly game to my house right now. We can dream big with the money. 
If i could keep one thing in the entire universe the same it would be my family and my best friend  Love you (via @katielouisepack)
I have an award scheduled to arrive on June 4th for me.. yay! 
I have an exciting, long day tomorrow.... Time for bed  xoxo
I have an interview today so wish me luck  #job
I have an interview with Mead on Thursday! I'm stoked to be designing for them 
I have an urge to eat loads of raw carrots... maybe I'm turning into a rabbit 
I HAVE AN URGE TO LISTEN TO BRIAM ADAMS.  
I have another edit to do Friday. Will post Monday! Yall u will love this guy..super star r&amp;b heart-throb who can SAAAANG!! OW OWWWEE!!   
I have another kidlet on twitter now. First my grandson now a granddaughter.  
I want to watch UP today. Anyone wna join me? 
I want to win  #mmwanted
I want to win my very own @Throwboy pillow!  Retweet for a chance to win! TODAY ONLY! 
I want to win my very own @Throwboy pillow! Retweet for a chance to win! TODAY ONLY! ENDS 12AM PACIFIC TIME! 
I want to write a song with miley cyrus or taylor swift 
I want two things right now: _ _ _ _ _ and that teacher position 
i want veer(srk) to come today and see zaara(zinta) winnning...  :-D go yuvi go..!!  *Certified KINGS XI Punjab fan*
i want vinnie the panda off da foxs biscuits advert..  
If I could listen to Matchbox Twenty/Rob Thomas all day long, I probably would!  It's a beautiful day in Phoenix! 
If I could only update my status in just one place....  
if I could re-do my wedding, I would def. have SUSHI as the main course 
If i could turn back time, ill go wherever you will go. If i could make you mine... Ill go wherever you will go. 
If I didn't have to work 5 days a week - I would be totally up-to-date on Days of Our Lives...  Guilty pleasure....
if i dnt kno u and u hit me on aim U WILL BE BLOCKED HAVE A NICE NIGHT/MORING!!! 
if I don't hear your songs I would be a crazier 
If I dont worship Madge, Brit Brit, or Jennifer Holliday, does that mean I'm EX-GAY? really? cause I sure do love slobbing down the cock! 
If I ever feel better 
I have arrived in Wycombe, sun started shining as soon as I got past Banbury, lovely  Looking forward to the weekend ahead 
I have arrived!  Twit, Tweet, Twittering... ;)
I have asshole friends. 
I have attended a class in sharekhan. It seems to be gud, still a long way to go 
I have become obsessed with oldies.. Really though.. Obsessed. Its just feel good music.. 
I have been 15 for an 1 and 43 minutes! haha  just thought i would tell ya that because i am not random at all!  I think faster than u!!
I have been away for a long time, yes I have. Got exam tomorrow, hope it goes well 
I have been called by my friend the bed. It is time to acknowledge the inevitable.  Goodnight All, Hello Sleep 
I have been extra MIA. Crazy week 
I have been horrible about greeting new followers. Please @ me and I'll follow you back. 
I want you to be here  Love youuu:-*
I Want You To Want Me!!!!!!!niceeeee!!!!!pure love!!!!  http://bit.ly/wCmeq
i want you yesterday -woven. listen to it. mmm turkey for breakfast  um i broke my bowl last night. sad sad sad
I want/need a twitter shirt 
I wanted kate to win, not yasmina! hmmm i'm bored , need to think of soemthing to do 
i wanted to buy some clothes, but i am OFFICAILLY SAVING for mcfly  TOO EXCITED NOW. WHO'S WITH MEEEEEEEEE?
I wanted to go to sleep earlier, but I started watching Ice Road Truckers and now I can't stop. Thanks History Channel. 
I wanted to send a thank you to @amber_benson for the message.  When someone well-known takes the time out to say hi, it's very special 
i wanted to take a nap, to be fit for tonight (partying and mtv movie awards), but all i did was pushing my furniture around... 
i was 15  listening rock !! if only i knew ) #ASOT400
I was 2 hours late 4 work!! Im here now&amp; all the managers want 2 b mad @ me but they cant. Lol, Im 2 good of an employee 
I was a rockstar tonight. 
I was a tweeting machine at times today, it felt liberating! Off to bed, some much needed sleepy-time. 
i was able 2 walk nxt 2 Zac 4 a bit &amp; tugged @ his jacket lol &amp; asked him 2 sign my mon cd &amp; he did so Thank u Zac 
I was about to call @boingo and whine (again) about connectivity at airports and then I realized it was user error. Glad I didn't call. 
I was about to shut my lappie down when my cousin IMed me. Gonna sleep late again 
If I had a clinical thermometer that read in kelvins, boy that would be even cooler 
If I had a million dollars.. 
If i had a passed life, it would be a queen or princess or something. Sometimes i wake up at nights and say damn it wheres my servant   ha
if I have to do homework nothing beat doing it on the dock on a warm sunny day at my house! 
if i hear kelly clarksons song one more time i will beat someones brains out  kev i tot. agree on daisy of love. Mex.dinna 2neet!
If i hit u up...that means im followin u so im askin everybody that im talkin to thats not followin to plz do so..thankz 
If I only had the heart. 
If I said they phoned to say the part still isn't in - would you be surprised? Cold showers - grrrrrr - love it 
I was about to snap on the peeps cause I couldn't find the shrimp... No worries... They were at the bottom of the bowl! 
i was aiming that at the airport thing, but yeah i get you i'm just being a bitch 
I was all grumpy and in a bad mood, but i went upstairs to put on makeup, and guess what came on the radio &amp; put me in a way better mood? 
I was alone, I took a ride, I didn't know what I would find theeeeerrrrre ... can't stop watching this vid. &amp; not for Paul's performance 
i was already at the bank a while ago but i still forgot to settle some accounts..oh my..im getting old..memory gap it is! 
I was approved for my transfer for work. Its offcial, ill be moving and starting my life over in two weeks. T-town here I come!!! 
I was asked if I would consider management today...  good things are around the corner.  
i was at the lake all day with ariana and barry. WORST SUNBURN! hahaha, then we went to ihop. :] anddd now i'm chilling. 
I was awake before the afternoon today  go me. Good morning.
I was away for 10 days. now, I'm back! 
I was cleanin out the actic this morning when I came across my old power rangers dragonzord, ahhhh nostalgia 
I was completely drenched in the first monsoon showers of the year.  That too while i was driving my bull. It made me feel GOD himself.!!
I was curious about twitter so I signed up to check it out, but facebook kicks it's ass as far as I can tell. Even myspace is more fun. 
i was doing my homework but i dont want to no more 
I was doing my homework.. But now I'm twittering. 
I was doing my make up and my dad was like why don't I get u a paint brush so I put bronzer on his face 
i was dreaming about @thisisryanross and @petewentz last night. it was sooooooooooo beautiful dream 
i was eating with my little sista 
i was enventive and it has payed off..... best dinner ever 
I was feeling guilty about buying a luxurious pair of shoes yesterday until my house mate just saw them and got over excited 
I was feeling kinda crappy, looked over to see the kitties sleeping right next to me  I love them.
I was feeling shitty and it only took about ten minutes with mcfly before i was smiling again.  its like magic!
If I smile at you will you follow me please lol 
If I tweet too much and you want to unfollow, know that I won't question you. I'm mature enough to move on. Now, onto the funny.  
if i used EverNote, and had the EyeFi card, i could use my paper to write love letters and snail mail instead  #evernote_eyefi
If I wasn't already turned on all the time, this situation would definitely solve that. Plus I love having women's stuff around. 
if i were to get married right now id be a pretty bride  its kinda scary
If I win a comp the coin code will come faster than I thought!  Check out my YouTube - http://www.youtube.com/cobestacp/
if i worshipped jesus, it would be the jesus of suburbia 
if I would have known that the blue pages were going to see wolverine I would have stayed another day 
If I'd like to join their old film movie club.&quot;Aaa, I'm good &quot;, I retorted. All I wanted was to get a peace of mnd in the steaming waters 
if I'd thought about it, I would have realised recent panic was hormone-exacerbated. foolish body. Nonetheless thanks all for kind words! 
If I'm gonna have another pet, I'm gonna name him Bolt.  
if im like sandra d, i just need to find my danny 
If im so annoying then why do YOU keep talking to me?! Seriously, idgaf 
i was finally able to watch some rock am ring videos on youtube. aww, i really have to go there next year. it's so brilliant  anyone else?
i was gone 4 a min now im back again lol. my bad i wake up but dont get up so i always fall back asleep 
I was gonna go to 311 (Q101's Block Party), but fuck it, I'll support the LocaL DnBrs (MIA) @ &quot;Smart Bar&quot;!  I tell you, I'm a Leo!  $$$  
I was having such a good sleep until my alarm went off! Stupid alarm! Well I'm up for churchhh now 
if in doubt, pinky out!!! 
If inspectors don't screw me over possible  short work day today and this is the hollowed out inside of a plane   http://twitpic.com/7gudi
If it could be sunny everyday...no rain, no cold weather ever...I wouldn't complain; just sayin  There should be a sun smiley to put here.
If its gonna rain on sat, I say that the team should go to the sex museum on Friday 
if its you and me forever; if its you and me right now; that'd be alright 
If Kevin is on the corner... I'll be there with him &lt;3 +1 hahah *-* dani diva 
If life deals you lemons, just break out the tequila 
if life will get any better, easier, and how did i find a friend like you? online gaming isnt so bad after all 
If makeup is supposed to make people look more feminine, why do the girls who cake it on always look like dudes dressed up as chicks? Fft 
if mikey way can watch i think i can too 
If Mrs. LB could stay not here for another 15 minutes that would be grrreat. 
If MS reveals new controller, I hope for XNA 3.1 to support it. 
if my brother....even in his inebriated state....says it's ok to post... it'soktopost!!! 
If my cat could talk, seriously. We'd have a blast. 
If my hair keeps growing at this rate, I'll have lovely long hair (at the length I want!) for my half brother's wedding in July! 
i have been nominated  for teen choice award  YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH!  (? Â¬ hhahaha its a joke 
I have been on the cinema today ! 
I have been on the phone with a customer for two hours!!! she is awesome 
I have been up allday so i'm going to go to bed so i can wake up and go shopping tomrrow. Goodnight 
I have been watching extreme male beauty  there was some hotties and ewwies!!
I have been with family all day today  Checking in here and then checking out. Watched a great DVD on making Russian Filigree jewelry.
I have been working intensely on my new marketing project which I know will pay off soon  Excited! Love making things happen!
I have beer and Lost and junk food and a night alone with my boy. YAY. 
i have black cat - mayday parade stuck in my head  ill add that to the list of things to listen to before bed
I have blocked the same vile name 7 times in last 10 minutes lol!! They just keep rearranging letters! I can play as long as they want!! 
i have bourbon's 
I have callen in love with techno 
I have changed my username. Please check. 
I have class soon but don't want to go. Maybe I should have some more coffee 
if my nutritionist knew what i had 4breakfast or even @3am this morning or what made me eat @3am this am she would probably $#@! me out. 
if ne1 can give me info on how this site works feel free  xx
If not for @BingFutch keeping the music going  my twitter stream would be empty. Where is everybody tonight?
If not later u say no ppl layan u... 
if only I could fast forward a few years to when I'm already a special ed teacher. 
If only I had a machine that lets me see into the future, like Harry Potter ï¿½...
If only this week can top the last one... Whatever the case, there ain't nothing better than the summer in the Northwest... 
If only you were here with me at the park, celebrating Mother's Day with my church fam.. 
If pegging clothes out is the new rock'n'roll, me and @raecheybaby are the new Rolling Stones. So much laundry, so many pegs 
I have coffee 
I have coffee and a Sociology paper to complete. Happy Mothers Day 
I have completed every stage of Gaia Prom DDR.  Now.. I think I'mma work on a new writing..
i have completed the storyline of infamous done in less than 12 hours 
I have contact lenses 
I have cooked, went to the gym, ran some arrends, and cleaned the whole house today.  Time to relax with some movies on the big screen 
i have COOLEST MOM in whole world! Yeaah! Love u, mom 
i have credit  hahahah! wow
I have dance today at eleven  Yay
I have date tonight  Like, officially. Leah is going to be home tomorrow!  Eek, getting ready. MTV Movie Awards Sunday. AMAZING weekend!
I have decided I have to see The Hangover. As in, today. Seeing as how the #1 movie I want to see is Up, but I'm waiting. 
I have decided that I am going for that audition whether mum likes it or not! Idc if it's overseas or during school! This is my dream! 
I have decided that i'm going to learn to play the Violin and Guitar. It's something I have always wanted to do  ;D
I have decided that the new show Mental on fox is AMAZING. Check it out guys 
I have decided: fuck university, i want to sit on a couch drinking beer and talking shit for a living  (via @danmatthews) agreed!
If procrastinating was a sport - I could compete at an international level!!! 
If Sachin says, &quot;I don't mind playing the T20 WC&quot;, would Dhoni include him in the team..!? A million dollar question 
If Sam at @sammutimer is raving about something then I know we should be checking it out.  She is so on the pulse to know what matters 
if she's princess of whoville, i'm the luckiest guy on who. 
if sister tomorrow was small enough, id stick in her my pocket, take her everywhere and show her off to the world!! 
If someone forces you to go one mile, go... two... Matthew 5:41  
If someone u DON'T like says 'if I could rearrange the alphabet, id put U &amp; I together' YOU say 'really? Id put F &amp; U together.' 
if someone wants my mail for taks....it's here------&gt; ani_11_9@hotmail.com, i'm  spanish 
If someone were in the downtown Durham area &amp; wanted to bring me coffee at the artwalk, I wouldn't say no.  
if someone would like to txt me at about 3 to say they need my help or it's an emergency that would be very much appreciated 
If swimming is such great excersise, then why are whales so fat? 
If that ninja spammer rears his head one more time - you are gonna get it fella *bows* 
If the Celtics lose tomorrow I will have to end my life.  Which is sad.  Root for them... or break bulls bones. 
If the first link won`t work try the other one 
If the iPhone was being promoted by Bal Thackeray, he would call it KAAYPhone  haaaaaaaaahahahahahah LOLOL
If the lakers win.. I will stop complaining (mostly lol) about my horrible day. Because that will be enough for me  maybe it'll cure me!
If the Linux bods can patch this ACPI interrupt error, my Ubuntu distro will boot in about 15 seconds 
If the Penguins play like that against Detroit, expect a 4-game series. GO RED WINGS!!! 
if the rain truly helps then don't ask for it to go away. 
I have defeated my demons and placed the drama bs behind. Ready for a peaceful and drama-free SUMMER! 
I have discovered Secular Humanism and it is awesome!  Sign me up!
I have donated 190 grains of rice 
I have done my research, and now know all about Paul Cezanne 
i have done my time on Maple Drive... officially onto my weekend now  woot !!
I have done the final examination. FINALLY there. aww, there's another job rite now. -Danelene 
I have DS2 and a very cute plushie at my side. 
I have eaten more pie, and discovered Layers magazine does, sometimes, run articles I can use. 
i have emma deigman in my head again (tell your mama to leave us alone) amazing song cant wait to hear her on tuesday and wednesday 
I have fairytale running through my head non-stop... go Alexander Rybak!!..... 
I have fallen in love with twilight music! i can feel a solo brewing 
I have fantastic friends 
I have figured it out........it's a full moon, boy that explains the last few days. 
I have finally been reunited with my wallet. There were hugs and tears and celebration. @sipher: thanks a lot! 
I have finally mastered the pen tool in Adobe Illustrator!!!  
I Have Finally Worked Out How To Work Twitter   
I have finallyy signed into my Twitter account!! 
if the store has no lx3, then id go for d60! i wont go home without a new cam, promise! 
If the sun shuts down and decides not to shine no more it would still have.. you love you biebel 
IF there is anything better than Dessert for dinnner @ McEddddddddddd's, I dunno what it is 
If there is one thing the Internet has taught me, is that if I get enough people to listen to me I get to be on The colbert report.  #USA
If there is Wi Fi signal at Coles I'll be able to twitter from work. 
if there was a way to bring my uni friends and a local spar shop then awesome 
If there's one lesson I've learned in L's debut, it's to always love. 'cause sooner or later, you get loved back. 
If they do not have it today, tomorrow, or Thursday; they will have it Friday. You must call and check!! 
If they make you feel better take hem  XX
If this disease were a person, they would be the most popular person in the world.  They'll have a lot of scandals too!
if this is the end then blue fear is best way to end this  after all that song was Armins breakthrough  #asot400
If tonight is gonna b anything like this afternoon were about to have an awesome time 
if tonight was anything like summer i cant wait 
If twipple spent as much time on their writing projects as they do on tweeting there would be many more tomes out by now 
if Twitter was a pet, it would have been starving. I neglected it for 3 days!?  I have an excuse though... it was my birthday 
If two cars roll up with Cheney in one and a stranger in the other. I'll tell my kids to always go with the stranger... 
I have forgotten how entertaining German TV is.    LOL @ tipsy Saiyan... http://twitter.com/djsaiyan
I have forgotten how FUNNY my dad can really be...  &quot;What is this..fried bread crumbs? Yah, yah, yah.&quot;
i have found a method to do 50 things at the same time 
I have found a treasure trove of stuff under my bed room sofa, including socks, money, more socks and my CAPO! 
I have found me some entertainment   http://twitpic.com/6ej8q
i have found my lappy 
I have found my missing brochures  Three days late, but I have found them and can now relax.  Anyone want a brochure?
i have found my one true love... ikea  lol
i have found my wedding ring  just could do with a husband now ;)
I have found the best songd to have stuck in my head are relient k songs...I know every word and can finish them 
i have found the most amazing wallpaper tutorial. 
I have freckles now! 
i have fun reading other peoples tweets  come on people! tweet something funny! xD
i have gained 28 followers since last tuesday! 
i have gold parts of puzzle  and i will give you them now! http://is.gd/w6WG
I have good money bet he never &quot;tweets&quot; more than once!  @alexdepue
I have got a plan to lose it all 
i have got Britney stuck in my head...&quot;say whatcha want about me....&quot; haha love her! 
i have got till Friday to get to 4000 tweets. im sooo gonna do it lol 
i have grey skinny jeans 
I have had a great day so far, nice walk with Tink ,Hannah, Connor and gonna bake some brownies now 
If u can tell me what I'm doin right no ill follow u 
if u cant do it right then dont do it at all!!! LOL 
If u don't know who @beimaejor is by now... just turn on ya radio.. That's what u call a super producer!! Good job babe 
If u following â‚¥Â³ can u tell your friends to follow â‚¥Â³ too plz and thankz////happy birthday justin clow luv ya 
If u had 10 days off...where would u go?? Trying to plan an adventure in a short amount of time! Help! 
if u had a wish to be invisible what would u do?? i would pull a prank on my teacher and spy on my boyfriend if i had one... hehe 
If u haven't heard it yet today, I heart you Trey :-D &lt;- that's hella platonic of course  --&gt;CWC &lt;-- YUUUP!
If u like 2 look up #FF @twisst They will tell you where &amp; when 2 look! 
if u r in Richmond, VA I hope to see u @ Ambiance tonight! 
if u want t0 be my friend.. just tweet me.. 
If u want to change the fruits, u will first have to change the roots. If u want to change the visible u must first change the invisible 
if u were a doll what would be in your accessory package sold separately???? and what would be ur ride 
If ur in TX, be warned that its HOT as Hell! Someone shoulda warned me that it was gonna b this hot, so this is my warning to u 
If uz a phony ass nigga yeaaa shove it up ur ass!!! Lol im such a thug today. 
If watching me do what I do makes u step up your game then guess what - MY MISSION IS ACCOMPLISHED!!!!  
if we do all the things we are capable of, we will astound ourselves!!! GO HARD OR GO HOME!! 
If we tell @iamjonathan cook everyday that www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NZlxgPx2dsand should mean @cbernos and @johnbernos = next FTSK video 
if we were a movie you'd be the right guy and i'd be the best friend that you fall in love with 
If y0u're 100king for rEa1 1eads, go here ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------&gt; 
if ya dont knooow now ya knowww sugaaaa 
If you always do what you've always done you'll always get what you've always got 
if you are a cute guy add/follow me  i'll do the same
I have half a mind to share this song with you... one of my favorites forreal. but i'm not 
I have infact just realised that it is now June. Start of summerrr and definately new things  LOVE IT.
I have insomnia.. So i am watching Chelsea Lately 
I have issues. TOO BUSY! Do you that if I asked father time he would freeze it for me? like an hour or so? That'd be nice right 
i have joint pain so bad the past few days hence why I am back on the steriods. ok that is only time I will complain today 
I have just added more info to my Bio 
I have just been informed that I am &quot;kooky.&quot; I shall take it as a compliment; I enjoy being kooky. 
i have just been ordained  i am now officially Reverened Emma  YAY
I have just been reminded that I just haven't been twittering enough (sorry!), been a very busy bee 
I Have Just Been Told That What I Saw Was The Space Station! So Guys.....IM NOT CRAZY!! YEEAAA 
I have just booked my holiday!!  3 weeks in spain here i come!! woowooo ..  nxt up booking a girls holiday in greece ...
I have just decided my job when I grow up is going to be, work for the jonas brothers and help create their tour 
If you are a real estate agent, you need Fabusend for your company - http://digg.com/u14IKB - Learn why.  #tcot
If you are coming to my show on May 8th at Taste? Please tell me what to put on the setlist, eh? 
If you are following me U should make sure you are following @ryanstar too.  He REALLY ROCKS!!!! 
If you are following me you are now a Tweetlet!  And as much as I love you my tweetlets Im going back to bed
If you are from San Jose/ Sunnyvale/ Fremont and so on Holler at me  with @Gauravbhargava .. testing out some localization tools 
'If you are going to get wasted, then get wasted elegantly' ~Keith Richards. (Elegance, isn't Keith the first person that comes to mind?) 
if you are NOT following me.. you WiLL be deleted  thanks!
If you are outside NZ our site automatically deducted 12.5 % - bonus!    Take advantage of weak NZ dollar 
If you are passionate about success in any area of life - watch carefully any sentence that begins with; 'I don't like...' Hugs N 
if you are superstitious. choose follow me shampoo and you might get more followers (crappy fact but amusing all the same)  @fastcasey
if you aren't a true friend you won't have any true friends. 
if you arent already follow @gfalcone601 she deserves to be followed! and she is nearly at 10,000 followers so be quick!!  x
if you arent following ma home girll @sunshinemeilee then you arent living  loveee herr &lt;33
If you call my cell from an unknown number please leave a message. And no, I don't know how you'd know if you're an unknown number. 
If you can bend a zucchini into a U shape, it's probably unfit to eat 
If you can dream it, you can do it. -- Walt Disney 
If you can think of a song to draw pirates by why not put it on here for me!  http://bit.ly/o33Fs 
if you cant sleep, try to count your followers 
If you can't take the heat... Go somewhere with air conditioning! 
if you care about your kids future then you need to look at this and tell me what you think http://bit.ly/G6Bbl 
I have just got the bunny out to have a run around 
I have just got up and have made a cup of tea. Its the start of my birthday weekend 
I have just heard that H.I.M. will be releasing a new album in 2010! 
i have just mad a twitter page coz i seen it on the news and celebrities have it as well and i want to meet new people 
I have just one day, today, and I am going to be happy in it. 
I have just purchased spotify  Or I got it for free 
i have just realisied that im in love with my bf  yay, hope he feels the same lol
I have just woken up but its way to hot in my room to go back to sleep so i turned the fan i borrowed from down stairs to cool down 
I have just written my last Current Event EVER. I am now going to bed.  Goodnight! Sleep well, Max, and good luck on your exams. &lt;3
i have learnt to live, to be in the world and of the world. not just stand aside and watch 
I have lived off of ti tacs for a day. and now i got some mango cake 
I have lived through our band's first performance, and it was pretty damn fun. 
I have lots of random thoughts.  I may start posting them so beware!  
If you choke a smurf, what color does it turn? 
If you dare: Lifting the Veil -  http://bit.ly/YKf2f  (Never believe yourself or others... 
If you did &quot;Edward Cullen&quot; put your hands in the air &gt;&gt;&gt; 
If you didn't go to the LIVE TNB blogcast. you can get the download and listen to @anea 
If you diss my music, I can diss yours 
If you don't have time to eat right, then pls make sure you enjoy some healthy chocolate. http://bit.ly/3XXpdc Shouldn't be a problem 
If you don't know me,  don't follow 
if you don't suck, you'll be at cedar point today. but text me, people  4406107475
if you ever see a girl named Caroline with giantic boobs on American Idol, know that that's my best friend, and I forced her ass on there 
If you fancy an action packed movie that involves machines, go watch Terminator Salvation 
if you follow me from a #followfriday let me know so i don't block you!  
if you follow me i'll follow you 
if you follow me....i follow u ! simple as that 
If you follow those superiously awesome people God will love you more. ...well, I lied. Your Twitter will just be a million times better. 
If you get an email from the NHS telling you not to eat tinned pork because of swine flu ignore it, it's spam..  arf! 
If you get one of your friends to join VA, we'll give you 2 Nando's vouchers so you can take your buddy out for dinner. Aren't we great? 
If you get the chance go to itunes and click on podcasts see if you find anything familiar. 
if you guys have unused tshirts, give them to me 
if you hate on undead that's a party foul 
If you have a 30GB mp3 player would you listen to them all? Or is there like a top 10 list that you listen most of the time? 
If you have a great equestrian related website and would like it added please send me a Direct Message. Have a Great Day! 
If you have a N4G account, please approve this; http://bit.ly/iUzzT  Thank you. 
If you have a Nokia smartphone, jibjib is by far the best twitter client for it. Supports twitpic directly from the camera  #JAFFACAKES
If you have any storm photos, twitpic them! You may see them on tonight's newscast. 
if you have bebo, vote for me on this poll please?  http://bit.ly/6bqaC
If you have cox, and you're bored, turn to channel 266. One of my favorite movies is on at 6:35. 
If you have not seen Up yet then please do.  It is a great film   Dug is the best   Mhelp2U
If you have some feta cheese on hand you can make some of these: http://is.gd/QKf1 They are yum!!! @culinaryculture Enjoy. 
If you have to inject 8 mocks into a legacy class to get the most simple case to work, you know it needs some work  #wishTheyUsedTdd
If you haven't already seen my 6billion tweets on them http://bit.ly/19n3nD   Awesomeness... @reemerband   xxxx
If you haven't already, join /~justdemi.  http://community.livejournal.com/justdemi/
If you haven't already, then you should sign up for our monthly newsletter here: http://is.gd/Mc6q It's good for your health... 
If you haven't heard yet, I'm getting a dog  I don't think I've ever been this excited for anything, and I've had a pretty exciting life.
if you haven't noticed yet, #roofup was awesome last night!! Can't wait for many more this summer 
If you haven't read the book &quot;The Outsider&quot; You should really check it out!!!!! It may be a old book but I think its really good!!!!!!! 
if you haven't seen the president obama special go watch it.. on nbc.. 
If you havent seen this yet, get ready to laugh out loud.  http://bit.ly/NKmCl
If you haven't won yet.. that's okay! Stay tuned for more giveaways! 
if you havent yet  check out Porcelain and the tramps they rock !  fuck like a star &lt;3
If you haven't yet, please check out my other shop, www.firestarsoapco.etsy.com ! Thanks. 
If you haven't yet, stop on by at The Peach Tree and read my interview  http://bit.ly/mtNe1
If you haven't you need to read Aurelia by Anna Osterlund. Amazing book 
if you knew him like ii knew him you wuld fall in love wit him too  &lt;3 ily to the maxx..words cnt even describe...
If you know anybody who runs a business in Irvine, CA please let me know!! 
if you know anyone who plays RuneScape, tell them to follow me  then they can smd
If you know that you can do more with your Life, but you're just not sure what it is, then check out http://MrJaredJames.com  PEACE 
If you know when to walk away, and you are not willing to not take less of what you deserve then you are an honorable person... 
If you like American Idol... turn on BBC and check out &quot;Any Dream Will Do&quot; -- it's on right now.  
if you like animals... http://bit.ly/14C2ca  even some squirrels for @sternenfee &amp; @kstpete 
If You Like Bad Ass Hand Bags - Check this site out ï¿½ .  http://www.jamespiatt.com/08gallery3.html http://tumblr.com/xap1vnsg8
If you like butterflies, you will love this #Etsy Treasury http://bit.ly/13QPZ2  check out my wall mount 
If you like me, love reggae, ska etc. you should listen to this girl from Reunion  http://bit.ly/p6guT - 2:59 into the video 
If you like MGMT then I think you'll like Empire of the Sun too  http://ping.fm/7ip5R
IF YOU LIKE SELENA GOMEZ THEN DOWNLOAD WOAH OH - FTSK &amp; SELENA GOMEZ ON ITUNES.PLEASE GIVE SOME GOOD REVIEWS TOO 4 THE SONG. 
If you like their music(and you should), follow @metricband  
If you like vintage, retro, surreal or abstract photography, check out my blog   http://humanremains.wordpress.com/
IF YOU LISTEN  youtube.com/watch?v=7i4p4zaWsU4
If you look at the tweets for trending topic 'New Moon', you'll notice only female tweeple are tweeting that... 
if you love a woman, tell her that she's really wanted! I love that song!  http://plurk.com/p/xvm47
If you love jewelry, try handmade! Paypal Friendly   www.AmberLightz.Etsy.com
If you love meteorology, then follow me. 
If you LOVE Vanessa block/don't follow this person. Vanessa doesn't swear like that! Or at least I thought  http://twitter.com/XvhudgensX
if you miss pÃ£o de queijo , come back to here * kk - WE ARE COMING OKAY ? YOU PROMISSE 
If you need a giggle  http://bit.ly/y5cCG
If you need me, I'll be in the library. Until I get kicked out at 8pm 
If you only knew . . . 
If you own an HTC Touch Pro and some day run Google Andoird on it as a personal alternative.  Those are the people who you just thanked 
If you party way too much throw your hands in the air 
If you previously RSVP'd for the party, we know who you are and your name is on a swag bag. If you didn't RSVP, there are 150 bags left. 
If you R using applications in yr office, pls stop so I can listen  ? http://blip.fm/~4mmbf
If you receive an email from the Department of Health telling you not to eat tinned pork because of swine flu - ignore it. It's just spam 
If you see a navy blue cabrio with four hot girls in it... That's us lol 
If you see my mom in Dallas, wish her a happy moms day! 
If you sing and wanted to end up soon, your hearers would stop listening soon, too. 
If you start me up If you start me up I'll never stop....... 
if you start repelling technology, does it mean you're getting old? 
If you stay tuned, weï¿½ll have all the answers youï¿½re looking for. -- true enough Mr. Lambert. 
If you stuck around for the last session at #teched, thank you!  please also remember to fill out your evaluation for my session 
If You Tell The Truth You Don't Have To Remember Anything... 
If you think @rustyrockets is America's Sexiest Comedian http://tinyurl.com/qdkj6x you can vote online here!  it's out of 15 comedians!
IF YOU THINK IM SEXY THEN JUST REACH OUT AND TOUCH ME COME ON SUGAR LET ME KNOW.  oh god. rod stewart. 
if you think you are &quot;friends&quot; w/ daniel (or anyone!) just b/c you follow him, you need a serious reality check. that's all i'll say 
if you up right now working on your craft you gotta make it shout out to the Determined see u @ tha top! 
If you use StumbleUpon Please give my site The Thumbs Up  http://is.gd/12kVo
If you use StumbleUpon Please give my site The Thumbs Up  http://short.to/frka
If you visit the forums you need to register to see the good stuff 
If you voted no in the daylight saving referendum tell me why here. If you voted yes, here's your chance for revenge  http://tr.im/lyZX
If you want to be happy, be! ï¿½ (Leo Tolstoy) 
If you want to gain weight, try eating regular,medium and large McDonald's fries all in one day. Then eat 2 packs of fries the next day. 
If you want to make anyone doubtful, just say, ï¿½you are smart.ï¿½  Now say ï¿½you are not smartï¿½ and see all their doubts vanishing .  
If you want to retweet that- as I see some of you have...go ahead.  Pancakes for all! (It is a good thing to laugh-is it not?) 
If you want to stay BFFL's for life don't be afraid to DM me. I'll send you to my other various social networking profiles 
if you were a kiss, I know I'd be a hug. 
if you were experiencing database errors on our site yesterday - it's all clear today.  http://www.CibariaSoapSupply.com
If you would like to receive regular updates and hear about exclusive competitions etc join the mailing list http://tinyurl.com/qavh2q 
if you would write it - then by all means right it in my writers network  http://pentenscribes.ning.com/ be included in book we'll publish
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee. 
If youâ€™re in the Los Angeles area &amp; you're looking for a real shoe repair expert, this is how you can find me!!  http://short.to/akpp
If youï¿½re in the Los Angeles area &amp; you're looking for a real shoe repair expert, this is how you can find me!!  http://tinyurl.com/cu54rw
if your bored and want a wee giggle http://tinyurl.com/c7motw few silly things i have said  @violetscruk
If your car ever gets egged, scrub it with and SOS pad, then hose it down with a garden hose 
If your computer freezes from too many plugins loading up in your music session...might need some more ram 
If your feet smell and your nose runs, youï¿½re built upside down 
If your goin 2 stare @ me from across the foodcourt, prepare to be stared at as well. Just the way that circle works, bud! 
If your in midtown Manhattan today - Indy 500 event at Herald Square today at 11:30am  
If your not already follow my cuzzo @VocallyBlessed lOl stay in touch 
If your product/site looks like a crappy sales page, I probably WON'T retweet it! 
If your smart enough, which will you pursue? authority site with low traffic or no-one with high conversion traffic? 
if your welcome package's address label has a small gold mark on the bottom right corner, you were served by Ash, Wee Koon, Job and Lide 
If you're a computer geek, great! But are you really? Here are  64 things that every geek should know  http://tinyurl.com/cwmab6
if you're as lovesick as I am, give me a call, we should go bowling and complain about love 
if you're following me, please watch this short I directed   http://tinyurl.com/c9c5a7
If you're going to #ecom09 this week, I look forward to chatting with you face-to-face &amp; using more than 140 characters to do it. 
if you're going to boozle today &amp; would like to meet up, TEXT ME (757.620.3510) or if you see me, don't be afraid to be like, &quot;YO SARAH!&quot; 
If you're going to make me wait another month someone will get hurt 
If you're happy and you know it, then you're right! 
If you're in New Zealand  Treasure hunt? yes please! http://tinyurl.com/qz9wgn
if you're into things spiritual/pagan/wiccan, follow my alter-ego @mysticknyght1 for those sort of tweets 
If you're lucky enough to be different from everybody else, dont change 
IF YOU'RE NOT FOLLOWING @JamieABannister GO FOLLOW, THEY HAVE GREAT MUSIC, AND THEY ARE GREAT GIRLS.  #1 FAN RIGHT HERE
If you're not following @YasmineGalenorn You're missing out on a fabulous author and a fun lady all around!   #followfriday
If you're on FB &amp; have a (clean) sense of humor, follow Brant's Blog of Awesomeness. You can easily read it online if you don't do FB. 
if you're overtly trying to sell something please don't bother following me cause i'm only going to block you 
If you're up and have a clear view of the eastern sky behold the moon and Jupiter! 
If you've got handy travel tips be sure to check out @traveldudes and share them for fellow travellers! I just added 2 Melbourne tips 
if yu real and yu know it clap yur hands  i don't fuxk with fake heads
Ifratelli has the best pizza and salad 
Ignis down 
Ignore whats been said, Terminator Salvation is a great film, Good storyline and special effects, what more do need from a Sci-Fi 
ignoring malls and dedicating her time for family this weekend, isn't that sweet 
iGoogle seems to be surprisingly good 
iGot my Camp Rock pens! 
Iguanas was great tonight 
iHeartRadio = goooood desicion of mine 
IHi Jen - it's not Brian, something very sick that was said about me by someone else - but I'm dealing with that - all good !! Gotta run 
IHOP for the first time 
IHOP has the best breakfast at this time of day. Al &amp; Joker make any day or late night moment entertaining 
IHU, English coursework. ILU, Tilly and the Wall. 
ii had such a GREAT DAY &amp; NIGHT w. myy*VeLLy  ! liFe iSz goood`*
ii have a secret... and you cant know it 
ii HvE aa BeLLy ButtOn!! 
ii only date bOys wit tattoos 
ii should wash trev's sweater 
ii think it's time for me to go to sleep. goodnight loves 
ii voted @mileycyrus for mtv awards! 
Iï¿½ï¿½m home  I hate school! Now im going to do do something fun because I have very boring. I want to have something to eat  Soon back! 
Iï¿½m about to go to bed, thank god itï¿½s weekend!!! Peace out!!! 
iï¿½m bored - the weather in good old germany isnï¿½t so good how it can be 
Iï¿½m changing my twitter account, mi new account is: twitter/oneuropa .  cheers. 
Iï¿½m happy today, itï¿½s a rainy day!!! 
Iï¿½m in love with a fairytale ... how he is playing the violine .. amazing 
Iï¿½m in shared leadership in the Swedish cup after the first two races.. Now; Time to build my powertap wheel 
Iï¿½m in this blog, Iï¿½m happy about it...  http://bit.ly/WtjnS
Iï¿½m new at this * 
iï¿½m not a bad child 
Iï¿½m reading newspapers and listening to Elvis  
Iï¿½m so excited 
Iï¿½m watching Bedtime Stories. Itï¿½s really funny 
Iï¿½m wishing everyone a beautiful today. And me a good nightï¿½s rest.  xo
Iï¿½ve become karma free ~ being inside the selfunfolding universe ... OMG  http://bit.ly/acdUO
iight im going to rest my eyes yo the Stuy is dumb quiet tonight hmm.....see ju manana 
iight lemme eat nd get dressed 2 impress.! gotta turn heads nd break necks 2day 
iii loove davedays       
iiiiicccee creeeeaaaaaaam 
Iiiiiii stay flossin with my toothy paste. Haha I totally just got my dental hygeine on 
iiiloveee you girls BFF  @KariinaJONASs @zinthiaDjonas and @diiannayjoee
iiits a beautiful day to turn 15 
iim BabySiitiing + Talkiing toooo my BEST boy Rhys  xx
iin history 
iis back homee. Boredd. chillinq w| qrandma  ï¿½ ily Granny 
iis laughing at brianna cause she has no idea how to use twitter 
iIt's off to the movies for me. Skipped lunch so I can load up on popcorn and candy 
Ikea it is! Haha, think I'm gonna take along Death Note though, I'm hooked right now  At this rate I'll be finished the series by tomorrow
IKEA lesson number 1--It only works if you put it together the right way 
Ikea tomorrow  I'm overly excited about the bright colors and the stuffed animals. Rarrr et al need a cuddly friend(s)!
IKEA where you pay for the pleasure to asseble your own particle board crap 
il est SHOWER TIME!  . then off bed. you know... countin' the sheepz.
il tell u wat  liverwust is heaven  lool n davey havok has he voice of an angel (L)
i'll  try  to be unique 
'i'll ask but i'm not sure, is anybody out there real anymore' 30stm cover  good shtuff 
I'll await your persistence... @TheBrettRosenberg  ? http://blip.fm/~4mnmg
I'll bake you muffins and make you apricot tea. 
ill be 14 in 3 more days 
i'll be around xintiandi area from 5-6,30pm anyone for a coffee. No dms, coz i can't get them, @siumuimui pls 
I'll be at Cinï¿½mathï¿½que quï¿½bï¿½coise Monday night; si tu me vois, dit salut! 
i'll be away for a few hours  see you my friends!
Ill be back after Basketball and hopefully il have more followers 
I'll be back after dinner !!!!!  Talk to u later 
I'll be back in 20 minutes. Lunch time. Bye for now, and once again thank you 
I'll be back to recap this weekend at 10-ish.  Two out of three ain't bad. ;-)
I'll be busy this weekend [or atleast tomorrow; not sure about Sun.]. Just incase hearing from me is kind of slow. Take care! 
I'll be djing at BETA tonight tearin shit down! Gonna be a great night 
I'll be dreaming of the scantily clad young lady on 8 &amp; 30th who offered me a hit of her joint 
Ill be gone all day shooting new pics for my site!!  Looks like its going to be a beautiful day out too!  
i'll be having my rest now. Nights! 
Ill be home in less than 4 hours 
I'll be in Milwaukee June 8-10, mark your calendars Milwaukee 
i'll be off for a while. gonna enjoy the... rainy day?? wth. anyway, ttyl! 
I'll be on Twitter in 10 Hour from now  See you &lt;3 Have a great weekend ... lots of LOVE
I'll be running miles and miles and doing PROPER pushups by the time I reach police college!  must get on with it and stick to it!
I'll be seeing @AlexAllTimeLow tomorrow night 
i'll be seeing owl city in less than 24 hours 
I'll be sleeping with a smile on my face. 
I'll be the chemical kid and you my mechanical bride.&lt;3 Pierce the Veil and their Ukeleles make me smile, that is for you. 
ill be there for you when the rain starts to fall... love friends 
i'll be there for you, cause you there for me toooooooo oooo, friends 
I'll be trying out my ustream next week. So expect a confused, unprepared live segment next week with possible sound issues! 
I'll be watching Lost season finale in a little bit 
I'll be working til ten oclock tonight. I love her. Forever and always 
I'll be your safe ride home when you call me.  its stuck in my head.
i'll brb .. taking a break and gonna watch sky high 
i'll bring back coffee. 1 black. straight. no sugar. 1 2creams. 1sugar. and one. i.have.no.clue. 
I'll bring my mom's camera tomorrow. 
Ill call you if you want. 
I'll DVR him and check it out after work! 
@jennsbookshelf I'd be more than grumbling! 
@jennsbookshelf that'd be so sweet of you  Did find a $99 (after fees) from Bos to BWI...this is really looking possible.
@jennskinner clearly you need to eat there more often. 
@jennsteele  I will tell people they need to Tweet or IM U to get a more prompt response. 
@jennster  Had you invited me, I would have drank the hard liquor.    Beer tastes like cat piss.  I'm assuming, having never tasted it.
@jennstonel I know but I had to post it 
@jennstonel Oh yeah, I've been blond for about 10 years, and was only brunette for the last 10 months. Feels normal actually. 
@jennstrange http://twitpic.com/6uwtq - Really clear weather! 
@JenntheRed I get it...like a cold shower with just a little hot thrown in??? 
@jennumak LoL totally with u on that note  have u seen Hot Shot yet? I recommanded!!! MORE JY hotness!!!
@JennW time to check BES 
@Jenny__Smith Yay for happy endings! And glad to see you're doing all right. 
@jenny_li I can see you. 
@Jenny_OReilly GOOD LUCK ! I'LL PRAY FOR YOU  HAHAHA
@Jenny_Stuart yeah! its so annoying. @tommcfly deserves it sooo much 
@jenny_wade im glad you're happy 
@Jenny_Wood  ha ha would like to see that ) you behave? (how can I say that without even really knowing you? but feel like I do 
@jenny050085 - mmmmmm, my favorite drink is milk! yummy! does a body good 
@jenny050085 funny  well you better study I&quot;m going to be on for a little while than sleep soon. just not tired right now, take care!
@jenny050085 haha too long! just joking  how is your finals is all your work done?
@jenny050085 Ouch !!!! well my bro in law does grunt his answers so may be a good name 4 him 
@jenny0613 Hiiiiiiii!!! í•œê¸€ë¡œ ì“°ì„¸ìš”.ã…‹ã…‹ã…‹ã…‹ Use any language you wish. I don't mind  I miss youâ™¥
@jenny2229  Thank you!  
@jennybantug please tell me you brought me some for our marathon!! Or atleast the recipe!!! Mmm mint choc chip  http://twitpic.com/7ev1a
@jennybdesign god knows what the doc gave me...am tripping half the time...keep going in and out of my comatose state 
@Jennybean_01 Bon Jovi wanted Dead or Alive 
@jennybeanses  love it. Now that is cause for a poem on sharing the pink and blue with lots of sugar across the Internet.
@jennybeanses Thanks so much for the review, Jenny! I'm so glad you enjoyed the novel! 
@jennybee You'd have to ask the wag with the marker pen who defaced the menu  Perhaps any frozen wooly mammary mammal?
@Jennybeeean from the sound of it, he might have JUST landed, so he might tweet again later, you never know 
@JennyBrodie think that Bonnaroo thing might have something to do with it? 
@jennybryde thanks for entering my contest  glad you like my work
@JennyC_Fresh I agree...but the reality is not everyone loves life the same way...glad to have you be so positive ...grudges waste time! 
@jennych4 definately want in...please...taking my son to see kooz on field before the game...well hopefully 
@jennycjin hahaha, it is Crispix with peanut butter and chocolate 
@jennydesmarais  hope that is work related Jenny 
@JennyDMiz That is when you change your margins to 1.2&quot; to make yourself feel better 
@JennyDuncanDEW1 Thank u!!!!!!!!!! 
@jennyfajah and when u comin to visit me? 
@jennyferry  Thanks! Have a great day too! I will take some more East coast pics soon now that summer is here 
@JennyFOD  eep! respect n big hugs to rachel! saving the chickens in hail is just awww.. so few people bother! she's good people 
@jennyfod Let Alex know we love him back! 
@JennyfromMTV I just bought Belly Laughs for my friend-soo funny and honest! LOVED Pigs in a Pasture! 
@JennyfromMTV I just wanted to let you know that I think you're great in Scream 3. Your scene in the office is one of the best. 
@JennyJames89 strange at least i can see when you reply now aha  you a takethat fan then?
@jennyjenjen That is definitely not a bad thing. I think he is gorgeous even with him crazy hair and tattoos. 
@jennyjenjen We're in the busy season at work from last Friday through August. 6 months will be great.  
@JennyJerkface i love your blog, everytime i read it, i almost peed my pants from lauthter greets from austria 
@jennyjin89 haha i forgot to ask you earlier, what were/are you writting about?? 
@JennyJin89 Haha I know right? Haha, but I love him in HP! I loooove Neville! He's one of my fave characters!! 
@jennyjin89 hi! are you on stickam?? 
@jennyjonasxx not much gurl, wassup widu? its so sunny here! i love it 
@JennyJS *hugs* dont let it bug u. And all d best preparing 4 it trip. 
@JennyJuno wow thank you so much - its a new venture for me 
@Jennyle1194 Now im in my bed  lol but today was a reall busy day and u?
@jennylee143 i used to lose mine all the time. now i keep em hooked on my purse @ all times 
@JennyLoughlin actually i may upload one now 
@jennyltd of course i would 
@Jennyluxx Gooood morning Sweety !  Hope you exams still went well. It will turn out fine ! 
@jennymccullough 
@jennymccullough just had the best mac Ncheese yesturday. soo goo  i love u macNcheese
@jennymccutcheon I love open-minded, tolerant peeps, too. Looking forward to reading your tweets from snowy Ohio here in balmy FL. 
@jennyonthego I've seen battery operated ones before! that would def come in handy! 
@jennyonthespot wow! beautiful smile. 
@jennyortuoste Sounded like a good race! The fight seemed kinda quick. But the one I was rooting for won. 
@jennyowenyoungs @elliotjacobson enjoy the last gig! 
@JennyPennifer Thanks for the ff, it was too kind. 
@JennyPennifer Thanks!  It's worth a shot. 
@JennyPennifer The storing dried food.  Seemed crazy before, now makes perfect sense! 
@jennypoussin That's cause your sexy self just to hot for Facebook to contain 
@jennypoynter as nice one for the limo  when do you want money for it?
@jennypoynter No  i was wanting to go though  i thought you might have gotten tickets  how do you think you did on your exams ?
@jennypoynter yeah you should go 
@JennyPurr you too lovely! I had a great workshop, @stratejoy is awesome  good luck on your stat final LOL let's get together this summer!
@JennyRay28 i see that   he always seems so genuine and caring 
@jennysadiva I wanted to go after class..can u meet me there @ like 1 or are u busyy?? Let me know cuz if not I can prolly wait til 5 
@jennyscottmusic free yourself and just let us criticise you 
@JennysMyName bahaha  &quot;but Jenny, he's cute &amp; ye-&quot; - K &quot;NO! You have Mike, remember?!&quot;-J &quot;oh yah, sorry, i'm taken.&quot;-K
@JennysMyName haha yeah i think i might be able to go! ill bring some dinero just in case  hope to see you there!
@jennysmyname http://twitpic.com/661mb - i love it! suuuch a fun night  it was awesome meeting you girls. and i love the shirts 
@JennysMyName im proud of you too Jenny! 
@JennysMyName okayy thanks  its the same for me[:
@JennysMyName Yeah, it all worked out  And thanks again for telling me this morning.
@jennysunphoto Bam-bam is my baby! My eleven n half year old toy poodle 
@jennytbl But the subtitles mostly don't exactly show what they say  Hahaha oh THAT'S why you'll watch it...the Rob...xD
@jennytsang i very conveniently found it in my parents room  i thought it looked cool so i was like &quot;why not?&quot; lol
@jennytsang lol yea agreed  Dave has the most scary face ever. His daughters a bit scary too tbh!
@jennyvilleda, i'm uploading out pictures. 
@jennywaite you're awesome 
@jennywoo42 we had bbq chicken pizza last night! (although it wasn't deep dish   glad to hear you had fun in p.r.!!
@jennzahling I hope so too! Thanks for the vote of confidence 
@jenocidal I think my iPhone was thinking the same thing because the next song was cake, I will survive.   thank you.
@Jenocidal so why aren't you pimping me out then huh? 
@Jenocide312 Thanks for the #Follow Friday 
@Jenocide312 Welcome my dear... and it's about damn time! 
@JenovaChen Best. Movie Review. Ever.  I think they should all be like little haikus of meaning.
@JenOwen Oh, you should. It becomes you and states you know you're special.  Wish I had one to wear while I'm making beds.  Bat, alas...
@jenperez mmmm can I have it? I'll share 
@jenqo @davidwalkertv  I have very fond memories of Pontypool I'll have you know and not a single zombie until the end of the night! 
@JenRave Yes, yes  I've seen a beginning of the most interesting thriller last night, and now I'm desperate to know how it ends...
@Jenreynolds25 Hopefully I do not get the tata, I enjoy the reminders to watch the Science Mystery Theatre 3000 shows... 
@Jenreynolds25: i have batteries.  #3hotwords
@jenrokk just do a couple lunges and run around the block and you should be good. 
@jenroland I retain lots of random info. But I remember that from my transcription days. 
@jenroland no way!  what else did you put in the tacos? didja like them? chkn should have a slight bite (but not enough to make you tipsy)
@jenrothery well...yeah....  
@jenscloset I sent the link to my mom she loves the vintage aluminum 
@jenscloset ok, now that the show's over, here's the test, who done it  or what happened in the end tteeee heeee
@jensen_ackles - Hey, hope you had a good weekend! 
@jensen_ackles - why aren't you following jared? 
@jensen_ackles hahah yes i agreee! its grose  ilyyy=]
@jensen_ackles hey you  I love supernatural, so I hope the 5th season is good! ;)  Best of supernatural? The Bloppers   
@jensen_ackles Hi! you are really amazing! Dean winchester is the best of supernatural    you come someday to Argentina?
@jensen_ackles you guys have a convention??? man!!! i live in cali, anyways, i love the show, i've seen the bloopers 2, haha very funny 
@Jensenrf hahahahaha. Wonder who that is? 
@jensenwilder ah... it happens. Well, the little red cross is quite pretty too.  x
@jensiwoo Nicely Done!  I did the same on Wednesday Evening at a Gary Numan gig! 
@jenspeedy how exciting! Congratulations 
@JensStitches   Thanks!
@JensStitches I'm so glad someone else asked that. I can't answer you but I do know how to describe teabagging to friends over dinner 
@JenTekk Thanks Jen! Yeah it's back. You have a great day too 
@JenTheArmyWife  i voted 
@JenTheArmyWife I know, haha! Obviously that won't be the color at my wedding  
@jenthefangirl  LOL that is so cute 
@jenthefangirl No, actually I was trying to see Leonard Nemoy naked in a bathtub.  Spock Prime is one GQMOFO!!!
@jenthegingerkid dude, it's ME!  we've had this conversation before--4 kids, one man, flamingly exotic books.  It's our 'type' 
@jenthegingerkid Sure there is. You haven't unfollowed each other yet. 
@jentheju don't cry 
@jenthornberry Ok ty for replying.    I've been trying hard to find out but no luck yet. I'll let you know if I do. Hav a good day.
@jentikayu Yeah i already did it. Gonna watch some film all day long. Thanks for the suggestion, i really appreciated it 
@jentikayu yes, I think the same way too 
@JenTorres85 Hahaha... nevermind I just called you! 
@jentropy I have this temporary device. It's called 'writing fiction'. Hee. 
@jentropy Maybe we all were. 
@jenvin15 if you like 2 laugh..have a good time..follow me..its just that simple 
@JenWagnerWriter Will scan something 
@jenwheelz ...only if it was Ryan Sex Tape. 
@jenwhyy wish i could've done, home now though thank god 
@JenWojcik Thanks! It just started running rough on me one Thursday. Can't blame it though it's an 8 year old car. 
@jenwoodhouse well technically May ran outta days, you &amp; I don't have to call it June if we don't wanna  lol
@jenxPOdMa good, thanks ^^ I've just joined too (today). Tweeting is kind of fun 
@jenxstudios Doing great! How R U? Probably busy moving huh? 
@jenxstudios go to best buy, they're so much more competent 
@jenxstudios love them dollars giiiiiirl!! good to see you tonight, you really know how to rock a crowd, pole or not!  safe travels to LA!
@Jenyoseph Yay, I can see you again! Nice 'stache 
@jenyourfantasy thanks 
@jenzahara BAHAHAHAHA sorry but i can just imagine your reaction, im by myself bt i don't care i laughed out loud 
@jeorgina Eff. I've only returned yours. :X I am waaaay too lazy right now, but I'm starting a review.  Yay.
@jeorgina Haha, thank you Georgina! 
@jeperry10 @marcvanh  I don't listen to that Green Day crap... 
@jephjacques excuse me sir..... I don't mean to alarm you...... but your face has melted off. you might want to do something about that. 
@jephjacques hah, poor fuck 
@jephjacques I have a copy of Trail of the Screaming Forehead!  They had a test previewing in my hometown, and I ended up with a copy.  
@jephjacques I love the way you draw giraffe eyelashes. 
@jephjacques omg you make me feel like such a webcomics nerd princess. thank you! 
@jephjacques You totally have to check out #robotpickuplines ... some great one-liners for the anthro PCs!  
@jepotskie Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@jerahmeel i thought that what she said was great... 
@jerais you need to move to Germany, you will love the Autobahn 
@jerald84 wasnt it fun?? a dream come true? no? 
@jerandnat I am excited for you! Vincent is an awesome way to spend a birthday celebration. 
@jerbear1985 you're such a REGULAR now! You'll be scattered smothered covered out before long! 
@jeremarketer and twitter goldman suits you so well 
@jeremarketer Bring on the yummy food trucks and tweet me where they are! LOVE IT. 
@jeremi not really... they don't need such publicity i guess. 
@jeremi Yep, 10 years is passed but Tien An Men Square Protest is still alive 
@jeremiaahhh ummmmm you just made my night/week 
@JeremiahTolbert that's right. Because you know who LOVES FLASH? The Colorado hail gods, that's who. Mwahahahaha! 
@jeremias_ Jeeeeeeerry! vou precisar do crack! 
@jeremih  me!!!!  how much 
@Jeremih i know u had it on myspace but y didnt u put it up here? u only gave us da 30 sec.... teaser!! 
@jeremih I liked da vid. To be honest it wasn't wat I expected. Can't wait till ya cd comes out 
@Jeremih just wanted to say enjoyed the video 
@Jeremih lol raindrops is my shit! Love dat song can't wait til u come 2 stl june 13th. 
@Jeremih luv the video..well the 2seconds I saw of it lol  u need 2 come 2 richmond!!
@Jeremy_Feist actually agree .. it is difficult thinking of weird combinations, cause things seem to work. 
@Jeremy_LaMont yr very young looking dude 
@jeremy_lim ah awesome man, good to hear! Felt like it went well on the night too, really enjoyed it!! Can't wait to come back now 
@Jeremy_O at least it has an apple store 
@jeremy_paige We've won the Championship  xxx
@jeremy_sherman hehe big wata was good times 
@jeremy89632 Lol. It's group work. I guess it's okay luh. HAHA.  It's just theory based.
@jeremya here ya go, a little sublime  - http://twisten.fm/l/3aSS
@JeremyAce4 Of course there will be some cupcakes for you.  
@jeremybank lucky boy, with your new macbook 
@JeremyBorash Hahaha, Angel's a funny one! Gotta love her, next time u see her tell her Chantelle said hey; shell kno who u mean 
@jeremycowart Wasn't the photography just gorgeous in that?! My favorite part too. Seen it twice now. 
@jeremycowart Welcome 
@JeremyCShipp 9 hours later and STILL not back? How many dishes did you have there? 
@JeremyCShipp Anytime 
@JeremyCShipp I checked my mail, couldn't wait, thanks again, im excited to read it 
@jeremycshipp I don't have anyone for you to follow, but wondering if you'll be doing a tour for your new book? 
@JeremyCShipp Im good. Are you sending out a story soon, can't wait to read them 
@JeremyCShipp MAybe you've grown up a smidgen? To write a children's book you generally need to be older (mature wise) than one?  j/k
@JeremyCShipp Normal. No, it has to have strawberry juice and beer thrown in or it won't burn 
@jeremydallas - What? No msg waiting on me? I know, it's only one game. Gotta run, kitchen floor is dirty... I need to go buy a 'broom'. 
@jeremydjohnson We're working on that! 
@jeremyhanks Thanks for the info brother.  I think I'll set one up, I like the saving for goals point you make.  Good call. 
@JeremyHarding it's the dynamics bro I think as I totally agree 
@jeremyhilton Jeremy, that is soo funny..but I guess not to you at the moment 
@jeremyhoover yes, was glad to hear you got yours back in time for mustseetv last night.  And to keep kittens warm of course.
@JeremyJacobs oops! You can now 
@jeremyjaeger I am good, how are you?  
@jeremyjk1221 I love No Doubt! esp that one weird song. Underneath It All, with the weird accent lady 
@jeremyjojola silly me, thanks 
@JeremyKyleShow  I am coming to see you in Edinburgh today  Can I have a follow? 
@JeremyLambeth Definitely possible. They are called tweet ups.  It helps if you live in the same area, or plan on visiting the other area.
@jeremylattimore You're welcome. 
@jeremylim if you take any photos of any pretty femme while there, share! 
@jeremymanongdo looking forward to your performance tomorrow. 
@jeremymanongdo Oh, hahaha! Yeah. Lovely name tho  Do your fans usually notice you when your cruisin around w/ Vienna?
@jeremymoseley how are you feeling?? Marcel and I hope you feel better!!! 
@jeremypair Agree! Too many to list in 140 
@jeremypauli ouch, need any help getting @heatherbieber's knife outta your back? 
@jeremyredmore got my ticket for wrap party  bringing some buddies with me  Hows sydney treating ya?
@jeremysaffer http://twitpic.com/6ak87 - Do you also out-virgin all of us? 
@Jeremyscott002 we must have the same taste in music 
@JeremySharp Hehe  Nice!
@JeremySkelly Sometime today hopefully 
@JeremySkinner Inner workings do some good exercise projects for learning xaml, It's what I've been doing for the past few days 
@jeremyteocx Hmm..Ireland is ok, but he's still young, so he prob improve 
@jeremyteocx I have not forgotten about AWARE &amp; the EGM etc - am keeping a wait-n-see attitude about how I can be of use to them 
@jeremyteocx just go to http://twitter.com/TWTRCON for live updates about #twtrcon here http://twtrcon.com/ interesting pple there 
@jeremyteocx thanks a million!  you know alot on photography
@JeremyThurber well im glad your excited for something 
@jeremyvaught ~ oh, you sly dawg you! naughty boy. You should spend less time in Vegas 
@jeremywright I am down! How can I not when the sun is singing my name?! 
@jeremywright LOL i'm my own kind of crazy, for sure, and working at WF is drama. but there's def a crazy-starvey phase. on that mess. 
@jerennyofficial thats also on sparknotes!  umm. algernon, jack/ernest, cecile, gwendolyn, lady bracknell, ms prism, dr chausible.
@jerennyofficial you know who else was there?  http://bit.ly/eGjNe NOMNOMNONMONMONMNONM
@jerenyun @ensredshirt well it appears i have a lot to look forward to then! 
@jereviens And re: the sheep.  I did nothing.  She did that herself.    
@jerfresh thanks  me too! Arriving at destination on right! Good night? Morning? Aah!
@Jericho0 no. she's mine. i found her first. 
@jerichoK i'm fine. thanks! 
@jerimee It's over...thankfully 
@jerinelay Please tweet after you return, so we know you're still alive 
@jerkface0017 CONGRATULATIONSS!! 
@JermichaelF88 Any color but burnt orange. 
@jermtech not a surprise my friend. Despite politics, I would be more surprised if u weren't 
@jermz33 i embrace that label 
@JernejStrasner Cool. Hope i'l see it 2morrow. Will u be able to make phonecalls/sms/internet/tweet? 
@jerng Good luck mate. This adventure you're embarking on sounds interesting  Will keep in touch! Do you use skype?
@Jeroen_R Thank you, sir! 
@jeroenbb Totally  What an amazing word of macro...
@jeroenvangeel Morning! I know -- I love the Netherlands! You're offering me a job? You hardly know me 
@Jerome_143 seriously? there'll be 2 more EPS? 
@Jerome117 @singswell good morning, guys! how u doing? how was your night, sings? and your day, jeremy? 
@jeromebaker3rd we're living off his Crystal! So who's complaining?!? 
@JeromeGotangco next year is different. Last Sun JavaOne this year.  Did you see this? http://twitpic.com/6eg6i
@JeromeGotangco yes, i still have use for flickr pro. are you going to gift me? 
@JeromeGotangco You need videographer? 
@JeromeKoehler i got: Recon: 80%, Shock Trooper: 20%, Commander: 0%, Support: 0% 
@Jeromy73 thanks! As Bella gets more exp topping...beware! It was such a fun shoot 
@jerri53 has the #storm hit your place ...updates if you can please 
@Jerrica_Perez That's great! I hope I'll study with my bff too and we'll live together. well..we will see 
@jerricklim Nope not yet. This is my 5th week 
@jerricklim You never know. It might be an improvement. 
@JerrieGurl good mornin hot cakes  i is feelin good yo, rockin day 3 sober. Write write write today!! holla atch ya boi
@jerrod5o you and me baby!! Name the place...cause I got the time! 
@JerrodK And you're better for knowing that! 
@jerry_albright (about the ex's)  Just kidding - Now back to dreaming about the fatty Salmon I'll be reeling in soon...
@jerrybarnett  - cycle in put the schedule back and enjoy it - how many days of fabdabulous sunshine do we get? do it... do it.... 
@jerrybarnett ooh yes please! I likes ideas, storms, coffees AND world taking overness! Sounds great! Lunchtime, Warren St area tomozza? 
@JerryCamden goodnight boo! or, good morning  have a fab week!
@jerrycooke http://twitpic.com/4x121 - wow thats some beautiful view! think you can make a panoramic view of it? that would rock 
@jerryfetus I want to see it soooo bad. Tell me how it is 
@jerryharrison no, the kids will stay behind this trip. 
@jerryhorton can't wait to see that 
@jerryjamesstone And we will miss you, Jerry, my friend. 
@JerryLaVigneJr thanks for following me 
@jerrymannel Ladies with ant sized brains are harder to understand than the ant with less/no brain 
@JerryR - we will know in 2.5 hrs   or earlier if the Superman does his thing in the first half
@jerryskc  what is the &quot;twitter trick&quot;? I guess it still works if you're getting response 
@JerrysWifey23 Thanks 
@jerrytaft Congrats to you and Skylar!  (And thanks for the great weather these past 2 days too!)  
@jerrytrainor awww! i'd totally be on that, man!!!  XDXDXD
@Jersey_Gyrl  You right.,. you figured out a way to work the stanky leg into the routine?
@jerseycoach Good point.  
@JerseyDebMadey lol..nice to meet you......again! 
@jerseygirl4u i think u should bring some in for me tom for lunch.. since im too lazy to drive there 
@JerseyJoeyGirl I'm excited too! And feel a bit guilty for spending all that money LOL Can't wait to meet you 2! 
@JerseyJoeyGirl i'm most likely wearing jeans (unless it turns way hot) and a tank I made last night!  you're gonna love it!
@jerseysoprano lol. You're sweet! Thanks  haha. I'm flattered.
@jerssica Also, come on AIM. We have planning to do. 
@JerusalemBureau ...and that they do! Thank god for gutsy people like you 
@JerusalemBureau I have no clue. They do not know which way is up as a result of your new twitter tactic 
@jerusha Fair enough, I feel that conservs. are getting ridiculous in their criticisms simply to criticize. Poor guy needs a date night! 
@jerusha Thx  There's been some studies done in the area of media bias, but I think it's deeper &amp; more insidious than that.
@Jeryke thanks 
@JerZDre nothin much doin' the same--&gt;its a Sunday I feel like I'm breaking a rule by doin' anything today besides chill 
@JerzeeThaIcon I know I been 2 Germany few years ago really nice n clean 
@jerzegurl Hiya! Missed you too! What have you been up to? 
@jerzey_38 hey how are u? 
@Jerzygrllys who's your favorite band? 
@jes2go You are correct. I am working on my book as I Tweet. But ready to call it a night after I try to make amends with some peeps. 
@jes523 it can't come soon enough! 
@jeSANneDWICH I just got home. Gooodnight! Looove you.  SiHomo.
@jesdodger darn i shudda went...i went to the walmart signing today 
@JesHamer sweet -- it IS Monday after all 
@jesicamilton LOL we ARE polite  polite is a Good thing
@jesimichel i second that 
@jesirose If it's ok to skewer W for his poor speachafying it's ok to make fun of Obamas inability to speak without a teleprompter 
@jesirose which he is 
@jesjosie don't dis the WH!!    
@JeskaD preorders are over only hope is opening day or wait but I am getting one 
@JeskaReay I have decided to re-watch the series again, for the millionth time. I am filled with love. 
@jeskaspeck you should scan those pictures from the disposabal camera 
@Jeskaw hehe its good to see you smile...uh technically i can't see you..but its good to know your smiling 
@jeskimo26 Congrats on the test! That's gotta feel good.  And yea, LFOL, I love how he describes London.
@Jeslikeme wow what a hectic morning it's been for me! And yes Magic won! They move on to play the Lakers 
@Jeslikeme Yes 
@jeslynfonggg it's really okie to be emotional,  and most impt, u have US and your dearest family  HUGS!
@jesocute good luck! 
@jesperbjensen Can mail you an example from work tomorrow, so you can see if needs be 
@jess_0000 so was it..i dont want u 2 come...JOKES  aww i love u messie haha
@jess_fish Hahah I know!! Thanks for making me smile! 
@jess_icahh OMG SO EXCITED  new videos are life
@jess_in_phx Where it concerns dogs, OH YES, heartbroken and relieved.  Been there most recently 
@Jess_Mileyy http://twitpic.com/77kpl - Follow Me  I LOVE THIS COUPLE â™¥
@jess_suwandi  jesss..kenyangg abisssssss....n ngantukkk....wannt the photoossss  
@Jess_Warrington lololol long way to go dear loool but good effort 
@Jess1810 @hilarylyn Thanks, I did have a blast  Was nervous since I was going by myself but had a blast anyway 
@jess2004 Good morning everyone!  Smile and be a positive influence in someones life today!  
@jess7205 oh honey, u need to hang out with me and my internet friends more often.  We'll teach you our fun abbreviations.  Srs = serious 
@jess7205 what hoo to a count down!!! 
@jessahhh You could learn something useful instead! 
@jessaick yay  im not coming home til later
@jessako I shall be bleaching tonight... I must go blue again for the staff photo next week! 
@JESSALACIOUS What buttons? Haha j/k, yes, and thank you 
@jessalaurel hey you  hope you have a good evening
@jessallen09 no we don't know each other...  anyway i'm ilaria...nice to meet u...
@JessAmerica haha.. twisted and sick.. love it.. i think..  
@Jessamyn_rl  i will pass in time and you will have a beautiful new baby!  i'm off to bed. have a great day! xx
@Jessamyn_rl  it will pass in time and you will have a beautiful new baby!  i'm off to bed. have a great day! xx
@jessanomic  hey thx right back at ya! 
@jessaslade @Werecat1 Spoooky, I know! Still, I won't be nervous until i'm sitting in front of her. Then, who knows. 
@jessbooka I think computers and the Internet are a passing fad anyways, like 8-track and Disco. 
@jessbuchanan Thanks for the follow  You are welcomed to view our comics which are located in the URL to the right of the page!!!
@JesscaESanchez ok so you have a good day 
@jesscarosello really??? That's so exciting!!! 
@jesscarreon i will try... bored at work...im sure your busy but im excited about the baby, cant wait till hes finally here  
@jessdalylol haha, i loves it all day 
@jessdelight check your DMs 
@jessdl23  the island. duh 
@jessdontstop  Ya.... I did that yesterday    There are some really annoying people out there
@jessdubb I wish I could give you a big gold star for life Jess 
@JessDubb IDK who.errrrr....I mean WHAT you do 
@JessDubb lmfaooo. Hope money to spend. LMFAOOO. U R SO SILLY!  Wen is Mothers day? Yay..my first Mothers day 
@Jesse just started using www.socialtoo.com - great twool!  Thx for recommending @guykawasaki
@jesse_la Lol!  not much! Watching fallon and conan. You? I'm bored dude. So bored!
@Jesse_Tucker in Vancouver til Thursday dude. You around? Let's write us one 
@Jesse236 yeah...just got it. today... 
@jessefreeburg @siouxfallssarah As long as there's a fool somewhere!  
@jessefulton nice! the bike ride was just cover for the film shoot? 
@jessehilton So how do u have too much fun??? its good that u had last night 
@JesseJacobsss awww didnt know that; thank you!  Thats so kind.
@jessejane I am on my way 
@jessejane knock em dead hun 
@jesseluna helping @davemcclure @web2asia out with @GeeksOnAPlane. Tokyo. Beijing. Shanghai. tough gig huh?  http://www.geeksonaplane.com
@jesseluna I'd do the same thing. In my old house, no corners are square, nothing is level. Amazing it's still standing. 
@JesseMcCartney ahahah so lucky that T-rex to stay near you! You're so funny in that photo, haha you always amaze me! 
@JesseMcCartney awww! NY rox. HDYS is on z100 right now 
@JesseMcCartney Go Cleveland   Wish they would of made it...
@JesseMcCartney good luck there 
@jessemccartney Hey the excalibur is playing how do you sleep right now 
@JesseMcCartney I just listened to Crash and Burn more then 30 times and im still craving for more!  I love you!!!! &lt;3333333
@JesseMcCartney in a non-fangirl way, i think you are the best male singer of your age  i love your albums. fan since 04'
@JesseMcCartney Please come to Norway next time you are in Europe. Have a concert for 100 people or something 
@JesseMcCartney please follow, follow, follow meee  x iloveyoujesseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee x
@JesseMcCartney Post the tour schedule on here, bro!    
@JesseMcCartney thank you for following me, i love you 
@JesseMcCartney well,if your really real...I'm a huge fan 
@jessemccartney while ur eating cheese i think u should say hello 2 me. just a thought. 
@jessemccartney you have an amaaazing voice. 
@JesseMcCartneyy hello  best of luck for the show xD
@JesseNewhart  i am 
@jessenoller I thought it would be properly formatted as ReST; but itâ€™s fixed in the latest release (v0.1.1) 
@JesseRage if I catch you twatting and driving, I'm going to side-swipe you! 
@JesseRivers hey have fun, sounds intriguing 
@jesseschutt thanks! But w/ clouds you also don't have sunburn 
@jessewatson1 Good morning to you too! 
@jessewatson1 way to bring it!!! @shandrab  did you see what he brought to blip? I am aching from laffing 
@jessewave This intrigued me from 1st time I saw the blurb. Seriously want to read it now! Thanks for the rec 
@jessewilkins Lemme know how it goes! I sit for 3 pts on Thurs and 2 on Fri 
@jessewilson I just wasted 2 hours, when all I needed was that null  Thanks heaps - it works perfectly now.
@Jessg85 i thought you would like that one 
@Jessg85 Very Nice! *wipes puddle of drool off my desk* lol 
@Jessg85 wow, you read my mind! 
@Jessgirl739 Come on Jess  Do I need to get Danny to encourage you???
@Jessgirl739 cuz missing an exit on the Chicago Skyway can get you soooooo lost!!! 
@jessgonacha holy smokes...that is awesome, congrats! 
@jesshatchigan Congrats 
@jessher LOL!  I can imagine!  That is funny! 
@jesshoffman Too cute 
@jessholland LOL I can't wait to see that .. Thanks 
@jessi_lopez i was waiting you reply me now you definitely has fallen asleep!!  .sori i was wrong spell ur name ;)
@jessi_lopez wow, is that mean you homeschooled?? 
@jessi001 theres NO way to get like me! @aprilllllx yup theres internet at my aunts  ill make sure to update as much as i can i love yall
@jessiag1359 about to board a plane to Jamaica 
@Jessica___xx im here for my cousins wedding 
@Jessica___xxx how have u been? 
@jessica_butler what did he says about 81-23?! im dyingggg to know! 
@Jessica_ca miss melancholy never left...  its still the best term of endearment ive ever created 
@Jessica_Flakes How Harry Potter effected America? Can you even list all the ways? 
@Jessica_Kane i don't venture out to beaches often actually. when i go, i like to take pics 
@Jessica_Laura why thank you, I just point and shoot 
@jessica_noelle I feel that way too sometimes. What helps me is thinking that tomorrow is a new day full of new possibilities. 
@jessica_noelle of course! 
@Jessica_Summer_  haha yeah cool that works! 
@jessica_tsuji It was really nice to meet you as well. We'll definitely have to all hang out again soon. 
@jessica1128xo @Kyla89 yes precisely  camilla belle. hahaha.
@jessica1595 i used to but i'm shifting to the U.S so i'll start with high skool there 
@Jessica17JB i am following you  #jonasbrothersbackonyoutube
@Jessica4225 aw....that makes me sad that i missed it, I know you sang along for me though! 
@jessica627 have a good first day! See you soon 
@Jessicaalp He looked hooooot. I WANT to see that movie. 
@jessicaashby_ yesssssssssssssssssss 
@JessicaBedford mad  im excited! is she on close?
@JessicaBedford yeh i know. well if its not a wed then ill so be there! wooooo im keen for whenever itll be  we need more school spirit
@JessicaBedford you should bring me some  oh have some with nutella oh thats right your mum hids it hahahahahahhahaha
@JessicaBeehive We did have fun! Bought a calendar of hot men doing housework: &quot;Porn for Women!&quot; Lots of laughing..always good 
@jessicabentley Yes lots of celebrities plus casual,evening,office, first date you name it looks. i had a blast doing them 
@JessicaBobby so were thre at 630 
@jessicabowman @alexvolk I won't be there but the @bing guys will be! Search for them?! 
@jessicabreezy lmfaooo! but they are turn off words 
@jessicabrookes thx for the feedback.  we're working hard to suck less.  
@JessiCaCa I missed U that`s all 
@JessicaCorban stellar! You 2 look great 
@JessicaCrouch  if u need help decorating the apartment.. I'm your girl!!    xciting about the wedding dress as well !!
@jessicadotcom yep, it was more than much needed. Thank you.  ily
@jessicaesco yay u really made one! alright now tweet away! no matter how boring ur life is! hahaha jk  
@jessicafancy I guess you're right- thankyou so much. 
@JessicaGottlieb : i like the name, lots! 
@JessicaHamby awesome 
@JessicaHamby Enjoy New York  
@JessicaHamby Here you can create your own destiny in a way. All may not agree but it's your undead life and happiness. 
@JessicaHamby just one of her many endearing qualities 
@JessicahLizbeff I liked Stavros Flately! 
@jessicaholove welcome to twitter! yaay 
@jessicaisfunny Absolutely!!! Keep it up!!! I can't wait 2 check it out! 
@jessicajanexo You made it to the UK! Yay! People from London have wierd tastes. Whereas people from Manchester are much better 
@jessicak1m thanks for everythinggg  &lt;3 heard you cleaned my room :] LOL so nice man so nice
@JessicaKate31 no worries  cya tommorrow
@jessicakral Text me if you get it! 
@JessicaKSzohr  vanessa,, hope t0 see you and chuck get t0gether on seas0n 3! 
@JessicaKSzohr a dance group called Diversity 
@JessicaKSzohr Hello  I miss watching Gossip Girl : I
@JessicaKSzohr I am a huge GG fan from Germany! I love the show and your acting is great 
@JessicaKSzohr so there's going to be a third season? that's awesome! 
@JessicaKSzohr thanks for replying  so u're planning to be a non-vegetarian after eating that burger?? Lol. Hahahaha 
@JessicaKSzohr u r really nice to people who like u  I'm amazed at your patience in replying all the messages, btw, I love u in GG
@jessicakwillis // Sometimes... You are so sketchy. I don't know how that sentence sounded in your head, but it sounds sketchy to me. 
@JessicAlaynaF kk changed the settings 
@jessicaleanne2 http://twitpic.com/6e8ro - Happy Birthday Jessica + 1 month!  SO Glad you had a GREAT time! 
@JessicaLeanne2 lol ur background is funny. g'night 
@JessicaLeanne2 Miley is so beautiful  I think she will come to Australia next year. 
@JessicaLeanne2 Night Jessica.  dream about the picture and tomorrow make it fast! 
@JessicaLeanne2 You are most welcome!  theres loads of covers and 1 collage of over 100 Miley cover mags that took me 5 hours to do!.bye
@jessicalearning I'm just following you Jess. Looking forward for some great tweets.   ..Hope you're having a cool night!
@jessicalearning Thank U, I try  Me loves R. E. &amp; Silent Hill. It must be the scare factor that does it for me aswell. Always jumpin'!!
@JessicaLee11 Hello chooken ;) mmmm fetta and chicken pizza sounds nice 
@JessicaLemon so that it would match my YouTube name 
@JessicaLemon Yum, i would dig myself in, with one of those  Send me a message! Have a question just ask me! 
@JessicaLevin @HigherYou @Legalgold good point! written down now. Like when I think I'll remember a dream, but can't.... 
@JessicaLevin Uhh well when Im a dirty old man with my vintage Corvette in the driveway.. 
@jessicaling CONGRATS my darling  the site looks great! doing some promotion for you guys here. Miss you a lot. Congrats again dear 
@jessicaling i like this band, you might too  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcsDv8VbCfM
@jessicalmoreau I cheched for ya - Of women who do develop breast cancer, most do not have a family history of the disease. 
@jessicalynn257 JESSICA! your friends should get twitter too 
@JessicaLynnWHOA good well don't  heh
@jessicamanda heyy nice too meet you  km anak indo jg ya?
@Jessicamari0108 yeah lets try to make this camping thing happen this weekend 
@JessicaMasimore you too darlin... I'll be seeing you more in the near future 
@jessicamauboy any WOLLONGONG tours in the near future?  new album is AMAZING!!! btw 
@JessicaMaurie lol yeah your time will come 
@jessicamcauliff Fun fun! I work across the street from the venue! I've never seen @hillsongunited live before, so I'm VERY excited!!!! 
@JessicaMF You're right - they're adorable! You can never go wrong with red shoes or a red bag. 
@jessicamk i'm so proud of you!!! my little chauffeur 
@jessicamloring Thankies 
@jessicamloring Trust him nuff 2 let him throw them up in the air and forget 2  catch, therefore dropping them? That concertwas amazing! 
@jessicanicholas Faith is not being moved by what you see, but only by what you believe, Smith Wigglesworth said that one 
@jessicanoelle Jessie i will help you with your fight club!! 
@JessicaPaulson  ALSO THANKS TO YOU! FOLLOOOOW 
@JessicaPinup get will soon jess. it's not the same without you  xox
@JessicaPinup IÂ´m glad you feel better sweety!   Take care, Love ya. xoxoâ™¥Alma
@JessicaPinup Like, for example, Have a good day, @(person you're talking to) or Hello, @(person you're talking to), how are you today? 
@JessicaPinup Tell what' s gift 
@JessicaPinup Wish you will be well soon!  Hope you can come to Manila Concert!
@jessicareather i've always been bi-polar, just not to this extreme  but i'm goin to sl33p ttyl 
@JessicaRidley absolutely! though I'm not in town at the moment... always looking though 
@jessicarwalker well that works too. As long as i can talk to you so way im happy. 
@jessicaryann Not quite sure, as it was so small 
@jessicaryann You can email it to me. If you change back to your old one, it will show up again 
@JessicaSain Enjoy Dubai, it's an incredible place. 
@JessicaSarahS @1Kali3 Wooo! You guys have a safe trip! See you all later today! 
@jessicasimm im enjoying it, just susan is so pedantic hahaa thanks love 
@JessicaSimpson aww that's so cute. daisy too 
@JessicaSimpson awwwww  that's sooo cute  
@JessicaSimpson btw I wasn't trying to say I believe rumors Jess. As long as you're happy I'm happy LOL. You're my role model 4LIFE 
@JessicaSimpson btw..Thanks to you, whenever someone says Peek-a-Boo.. I think of a DOG haha   xx
@jessicasimpson http://twitpic.com/4wb8q -  Gooood
@JessicaSimpson New Brothers &amp; Sisters tonight, Jess! Are you as stoked as I am!? 
@JessicaSisk Happy birthday! 
@jessicastrust @PercythePigeon @Kahanka Thank you all so much pls keep voting  
@jessicastrust hiya ben...how's u, haven't seen u for awhile  x
@jessicastrust morning 
@jessicastrust Shouldn't have said that. Don't let past life interfere with present one! Glad you had a good day though 
@jessicasydney i did, haha. i'll run is more suitable, at the moment. 
@jessicatedi @SoFloBoJo @sarigott SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT 
@Jessicaveronica  Germany loves youu and your sis 
@jessicaveronica - hi jess! myself, @RachelLock22 and @jesssicababesss have decided that we would all like to marry you  xxoo
@Jessicaveronica - it was awsome meeting you last night  You looked like you were having a good time.
@Jessicaveronica  Untouched was on Radio1 earlier! Such a GOOD song! I LOVE it! 
@Jessicaveronica @Lisa_veronica could i please get a reply from you girls it would make me the happiest girl on earth  &lt;333 xx
@Jessicaveronica @Lisa_Veronica oh and btw we TOTALLY worship you here in latinamerica  hopefully you could visit us someday xxxx
@Jessicaveronica ahaha i helped them with promotion tooo cos i run the uk streetteam 
@jessicaveronica are u coming to the uk after kc tour? we're miss u.. btw ure no.9 in this week chart 
@Jessicaveronica besides crazy is not necessairily a bad thing  people do extraordinary things when crazy 
@Jessicaveronica Come back to Europe!! Polish fans still waiting... 
@Jessicaveronica havn't had dinner yet...but I had vegimite on toast for breakfast and lunch! lifes sweet 
@Jessicaveronica hey how are you?? 
@Jessicaveronica heyy! is it possible you're coming to germany someday? that would be awesome! 
@Jessicaveronica http://bit.ly/19747I  an a cappella cover of &quot;untouched&quot;! it's not amazing, but plz listen 
@jessicaveronica i got blocked on twitter for you. i said #jessicaveronica too many times 
@jessicaveronica I love your new video =D with lisa you're Beautiful i love you so much &lt;33 xoxo 
@Jessicaveronica I voted for you  you have to beat Lisa ;)
@Jessicaveronica it's not hard to tell which is Jess or Lisa anymore with your new do 
@Jessicaveronica lol we tried! &lt;3 born in the philippines n raised in socal #jessicaveronica 
@Jessicaveronica Oh sucks about your phone! I always end up losing mine &amp; find it in the randomest places! Good luck for tonight!  &lt;3
@Jessicaveronica omg, really?? Then come to denmark 
@Jessicaveronica OMV! THTS MY FAVORITE SONG 
@Jessicaveronica please bring me back some... i need a drink. I don't have id and that's the problem. Sneak me some? Legal I swear 
@jessicaveronica that rocks!!  this is how it feels is a great track though
@Jessicaveronica that's what you get for being in America  NSW will thrash QLD!!
@Jessicaveronica told ya us tweeters could make it happen! hahaha. 
@jessicaveronica We really, really love you in the UK! Your music is awesome and we love your style! 
@Jessicaveronica Well Donnee!!   Woo Top 10 !!!!
@jessicaveronica when you come tour the uk please please please come to scotland we loveeeeeee you hereee  &lt;3xxx
@Jessicaveronica yay! Im hope I'm home next time you guys come to London 
@Jessicaveronica Yayy for the UK tour! You's should come to Liverpoo!  xo
@jessicaveronica you're awesome !!!!! i love the veronicas haha come to Chile plz  XO
@jessicaveronica: yours and lisa's music has inspired me to learn the guitar... so thank you ! becuase i love it ... come to london  ..&lt;3
@jessicaviberg have to get one, you will SO love it! so everything alright with you? 
@jessicawaters WOW! hope you got new running shoes 
@jessicayates Nice... way to keep him in line!  
@JessicklesFTW  my mutt just tried to rip mu aunt's face off. Sup w/ you?
@jessiclesftw for me of course 
@jessicuhx3 YES OMG,&lt;333 i fell on the floor, crying &lt;3 i loveeeeeloveloveveveveveve him 
@JessiDavis_ haha u never know he could come around! 
@JessiDavis_ yea its long all u gota do is hit that lil reply arrow!  and ur gona dye it again it looks good! wen u do twitpic it lol
@jessidee You're doing great, Jessi 
@Jessie__Ann You were in my dream lastnight! I surprised you with @selenagomez and @ddlovato and @mileycyrus AND @Jonasbrothers!  HAHA
@Jessie0309  lol it is so cool seeing what all of the idol's post 
@jessie613  Thank you! Very helpful 
@jessiealeea lol.well.hope you find someone to give you a massage  wish i could but i'm half a world away lol
@jessiebarber so awesome. I shot a graduation yesterday. Ill talk to you on aim in a little bit 
@JessieBaylin lololol....The age thing starts to get into your mind? It happens! Good morning Jessie! Have a nice coffee, u'll be fine. 
@JessieBaylin Way 2 rock the golf stance Jessie!! The boy finally got u on a golf course!! True love for sure!! 
@Jessieeee you lost it in the btf concert 
@Jessieeeexox for the reader not so much your last episode was really good  do you live in england?! x
@jessiefrench http://twitpic.com/647gu - You look hot in this photo, hotter then an olsen twin and miranda kerr combined 
@jessiefulks Lol! What did you do to tick FB friends off? 
@jessiegirlleap i dont like seeing ppl down and if i believe theres some good in them like i do wit you, i help 
@JessieKaitlin btw thanks for following me &amp; entering my giveaways! 
@JessieKaitlin That is a very valid argument for more children IMO.. 
@jessiepearce Texts From Last Night. It's funny I'll show you quickly later. Feel betterrrr I'll be there to get you in an hour 
@Jessier0xurs0x  same!  wanted to say hey to everyone tho... eben you my lil buddie!!! 
@jessieramirez Wow, no one`s ever described my art as incredible before! Awww, so sweet! Thanks, Jessie, that means a lot! Yours is too! 
@jessifisch Alright cool. I'll try it out 
@Jessiica15 Danielle has all the seasons on dvd if you still talk to her. You should ask to borrow, at least. 
@Jessiica15 I have been thinking that I might come out for either Trisha's or your b-day...Mitch's b-day is on Oct 12th, so probs then 
@jessiiemcfly I dunno if dalbys closest but it's on my bday so my mum said yeah  x
@jessiiemcfly morning  x
@jessijessyphone Hi! I'm at home in my town! lol Where are you from? 
@JessikaSays aha , I'm washed , clothed and brushed 
@JessiKawaii i love the show beautiful people! but of course it wouldnt surprise me that we both would like it. 
@JESSIMTV http://twitpic.com/6ddta - i would be too haha, so jealous, but you look gorgeous 
@JESSIMTV http://twitpic.com/6ddta - I'm watching... you are lucky 
@JESSIMTV i am home to now so i can watch the aftershow. i could only watch the hills one! its been 4 months. i am so excited. hahahaha. 
@JESSIMTV that trailer for new moon looks amazing!! and yes i did gasp when he was shirtless  very very excited
@JessInChina Aye I would be at that  http://bit.ly/2mj0vj ... would love to see your pics!
@JessiO Congrats you, hope it's a fun job and you get to meet a lot of new and exciting people 
@JessiO I ended up not being able to go to see @altgeldshrugged last night...sounds like it was crazy though - any funny stories? 
@JessiO the pig is one of my favs for sure you have great taste 
@jessisabellB just someone-someone, hahah 
@jessisbetter oo that can be made excitin i am sure... or at least i wud find it interestin... cmon.. giv us a smile  you b da star!!!
@jessisbetter yup we are  ... lol
@jessistall wakurimashita  i think that means 'understand' 
@jessizakool well i could arrange a 'chasing with baseball bat' if you'd like 
@jessjamesjake this is the BFF of your visor http://bit.ly/z8Mzx  
@jesskarrr hahai know aye, i was like ewww ahha 
@jesskarrr Hello! congrats your my 400th tweet. :o  im fantastic, what about you?
@jesskry sorry that came out weird.  what channel is it on?  thank you 
@jesskry Thanks  It's going to be big change, but a welcome one. Hoping a job comes up that really pulls me toward it.
@jesslaw Careful...I've hurt myself doing that!! 
@jessleedham tell me about it, i cant wait til sunday to stalk them 
@jesslevitt No! It didn't actually happen! @LeighAnnMol and I both had really bad nightmares last nite! 
@jesslina I get to sleep in tomorrow too!  YAY!  I don't have ANYTHING planned until 2:00 BLISS! 
@jesslina LOL hey somebody's gotta take care of him, right?....might as well be me.  I like to help others. Hehehehehehehe.
@jesslina yes we would it would SO brighten up this gloomy day whatcha say @jonathanrknight ? FOTO POR FAVOR 
@jessloves_dendq Just Because I guess  I'm usually happy all da time. I love smilin....dats my thing.
@jesslovespanic I'm going to tgp 
@jesslovespanic like ashlee simpson 
@jessluvsu488 he's back in jersey, goin to a few nin shows then comin back here.. 11 days 
@Jesslynne lol...yes, I suppose that would be a rather interesting pick-me-up! 
@JessMami love to my other half. My mami partner in crime! Love you for my ryelle and jahlia!! 
@jessmao dude - you've gotta sign deb up to twitter!! now now!! 
@jessmbowen Its Aug. 29 (weekend b4 football starts. neither of us would have it any other way)..Course I'd end up with a Central boy  
@jessmccarter I'll report back my findings 
@jessmcculloch always pleased to be of service 
@JessMcFlyxxx gdgd well i better go and get ready for work :| haha have fun tonight  x x
@jessmendoza God bless him &amp; ur familiy!! Healthy baby!!! 
@jessmendoza Hi Jess. Just wanted to thank you and the rest of the gang for yet another WONDERFUL World Series experience on ESPN! 
@jessNOLA When hanging out by the River drinking, watch out for spontaneously combusting champagne corks. 
@jessnyc Oh okay, hope you'll feel better soon. 
@JessObsess Ouchies LOL! I think he REALLY respects girls. Lol, sorry, random 
@JessOfWarcraft Oh I loved it when they sang that  They were soo good
@jesspenner i only have the two albums. they're very fun.  you are muy talented!
@JessQC thanks, sweetie &lt;3 you're such a doll! And i wont give up, ever!  you'll see my demitweets all the time haha
@jessren so is it illegal?  You know, curious minds want to know 
@JessRIOT HAhaha  i wish you could :')
@JessRIOT I agree 
@JessRiz I didn't know it was in Pokemon....nerd!!11!!! LOLOLOL LULZ.  hahaha.  But I knew it was real. Nerd!!11! Lulz Lololol.
@jessrosegriffin We should do that again soon 
@jesssicaajones yeah I liked it a lot. Lol, who doesn't love chick flicks  haha.
@jesssicababesss @mariedancerr im not gonna think about it till the album comes out. 
@jesssicababesss but who knows 
@jesssicababesss haaa she just sed i loved it soo muchh haa 
@jesssicababesss haha yeah, it's like a life life long best friend &lt;3 would be pretty amazing 
@Jesssicababesss http://twitpic.com/4aent - this one 
@Jesssicababesss http://twitpic.com/6adw3 - i want a picture with you too. 
@jesssicababesss I am SO jealous if you! Have an amazing time. I'm site you will  x
@jesssicababesss i went 2 see them at avril  they were amazing!.. 
@jesssicababesss just got your tweet about being dedicated fans. thank you 
@jesssicababesss lucky you ... hopefully there will be more than just Manchester and London but its a good start 
@jesssicababesss oh my word I'm sure your about to faint glad you made it enjoy the rest of your night 
@jesssicababesss that @ replyed showed 
@jesssicababesss Then theyll tour here more 
@jesssicababesss u mean... jasmine..? i havent seen any1 else promote stuff on that ukst just u 
@jesssicababesss ur welcome 
@jesssicaraymond hello 
@jesssicaraymond i know!!!! the paper is called MX and it is awesome!!!!! 
@jesssicax lOl well when I eventually get the DVD's you can come up and visit me &amp; we can have a Doctor Who marathon &amp; cry over that ep 
@Jesssssssyyyy its a thing where people follow people that get nominated coz they're cool... You're cool! 
@jessssssxD depends how bad your aunts is. my mom left so i texted her and told her i was hungry so shes going to get my foood 
@jessssssxD haahhaahah. i bet you make a ton of friends at that lovely table 
@jessssssxD well i didnt buy them yet. they go on sale on the 13th 
@jessstaaa I'm friends with all kinds of people. I'm just friends with people in general 
@jessstroup - totally agree with the Rob Pattinson is a cutie. Wouldn't mind having him anyday haha 
@jessstroup &quot;turn back the hands of time&quot; lmao omg now I feel like watching it!!! Thanks Jess! 
@jessstroup @officialshenae you guys did awesome in 90210!  one of my favorite shows. and i loved your dress jess!
@jessstroup hey jessica! i love you so much! i watch 90210 all the time. please reply  and follow me too if you want 
@jessstroup hope ur feeling better soon! loving 90210, altough im only up to silver's disappearance after the film; i live in london  xx
@jessstroup I love the music from it      Cool Rider (y) haha.
@jessstroup lucky you! Was he hotter in person? 
@jessstroup me and my two best friends just watched u in promnight  you were awesome!
@Jessums31 thanks!  hope its not gonna turn into something terrible. I still have 3 exams to complete!
@jessup88 sure happy to help 
@JessVanDen Sounds like a great family day.  Enjoy 
@jessverr don't you look like Chloe? Upset? 
@jesswags lol it was raining when I arrived at school today 
@jesswags lol yeh just at chapel street 
@jessward123 LOL oh i get it  Go to sleep maybe? haha
@jessweinstein i think i missed the question. I didn't realize you had asked one, and therefore had no chance to answer it. 
@jesswoodall 235 words written, not the intro haha! so intro/conclu + 235 = 700 words  only 1500 more to go
@JessyckaRabbit im coming stepping up for the real men who hande their own in the bedroom 
@JessyFlores Yeah. usually it's takas lang. Joke. ) try mo. He might actually say yes. 
@jessygc92 @makeiryu did you know that God made us best friends because he knew our mom's couldnt handle us as sisters? love you 
@Jessyspider Was it that bad? It didn't wake me up so it can't have been 
@jessyxox hahahah well aren't you a hoot 
@jesszurc haha yeahh you should 
@Jester512 Good to hear it, I'm doing alright tonight myself, just watching cartoons and chillin' hahaha 
@jesterfunnyboox thanks so much! i really had a great time writing it &amp; choosing piccies! 
@jesthestar could be interesting/fun... but yeah, a time-suck, and i for one wld eventually get annoyed... but oh, well, to each... 
@jestme  long time! settled a? 
@jesus_de_christ 420!  &quot;see how her clogs match her pruning sheers? thats no accident.&quot; hehe
@jesus_iscomin Really pretty, but I'm not a blue person. Show me warm fall-y colors and I go all week in the knees tho. 
@jesus_personal thanks  I'm following you now also
@Jesusfreak1900 well.... i dont see how she would know you were lying. so i guess not. 
@Jesusfreak770 you are hardcore 
@jesusfreakgeek so he knows which way is northwest and how to get all lint from pocket ?   
@JesusGonzalez it was beyond magical!! It was a Disney cruise after all  
@JesusNeedsNewPR &quot;A Thief In The Night?!&quot; Ahahaha sorry just reading through &quot;Churched&quot; for the first time. AMAZING book 
@JesusNeedsNewPR Watch what you say about Sandi Patty... you can follow her here: @sandipeslis ...had her kids at summer camp 
@Jesuspunkrokr hey gurl hey. feels like we havent talked in ages! i been fine thanks. busy busy. how you been? 
i'll feel better, i know i will. 
I'll finish the editing tomorrow.. I'm gonna get something to eat! 
i'll finish watching volcano then go and make cupcakes. 
I'll get it as a father's day present but secretly for me !  Sorted.
I'll get money soon and then I'll go to shopping! 
I'll get my new laptop in 10 more days! Excited! It is Dell Inspiron - core2duo 2.0GHz - 4GB DDR2 - 250GB hdd - 15.6 inches screen 
I'll get Sims 3 on Monday or Tuesday 
i'll get to hollywood another way..! 
I'll gladly pay you Tuesday, for a hamburger today?! 
I'll go back to reading my book 
i'll go out for a while to buy some cds 
I'll go take a walk around the neighborhood!  bye for now!!
i'll go to hair salon tomorrow, cut my hair a little 
I'll have an inside look at the Pussy Cat Dolls concert coming up  Stay tuned to see Taizo at Wet N Wild too ;)
I'll just have to listen I heart you Online; always makes me smile 
i'll just keep on dreaming 
Ill keep yall posted as to when and where... No repeats of saturday night. Thank you!!! Cheers to celebration part 2! 
i'll lay away and i'll watch the stars as they collide 
I'll let you stay with me if you surrender. So, PLEASE, surrender 
ill make a brew at the break 
I'll Make The Moves - Scenes And Sirens 
I'll never get out of here!! What fun   http://twitpic.com/6cq6w
I'll never let it be WWIII 
I'll never let it be... world war three!!  &lt;3 #kevinjonas &lt;3
I'll play with the clothes in here, and I'll be back later, instead. 
I'll post info on the next episode tomorrow  -- It premieres a week after this upcoming one 
I'll Post Pictures I Took Before I Went To The Concert Tomorrow I'm Kinda Lazy And Don't Feel Like Doing It Now 
I'll pray for you if you want me to. Just ask me and God will answer. May God Bless You!! 
I'll push out some more #followfriday as I go.  
I'll remember all the times we had together.  Vitamin C   
i'll return the favour (8) LOVE this song  x
I'll shurg off the negative comment that came my way via email from someone.  I'll look at the positive things around me instead 
I'll simmer by continuing to read Hamilton's book.  It's amazing that Josh got his bat from his momma 
i'll sleep now. haha  wow. for the first time, I tweeted less than 5 times. aha! k, good night! off to Wisconsin tomorrow! 
i'll start working from 22nd Monday  yeii
I'll stop the world and melt with you...the cure 
I'll stop tweeting now. Shoutout to all Filipinos!  Goodnight ya'll. To those in the other side, uh.. hello? 
I'll stop when the Ode to Joy does... 
I'll study my science stuff this evening.. it's too boring for now. 
I'll surely be envious when my brother will get an iPod Touch because this iPod is so cool 
i'll take a nap...i'm tired, talk to you later! 
i'll take my break on twitter cuz i'm going to watch &quot;Only You&quot; 
i'll talk to mi mejor amiga (lol) via skype in a few mins.. thats always fun  &lt;3
I'll talk to you all in the morning. 
I'll treat it in da best humble manner that I've developed so far! ^.^ Not just &quot;no regrets&quot;, ALSO be more senstive abt ppl's ???!!!!! 
I'll try and do my homework today, I swear!! Ohhh look at outside how beautiful it is 
i'll try to cover the important announcements of E3, so stay tuned 
i'll tweet about my 100th follower 
I'll tweet some pics and check in from time 2 time  and I will def reurn the #FF love b4 the day is over!  http://myloc.me/21GF
I'll twitpic the napkin &amp; plate situation later, it's awesome and took me ages 
i'll update every1 in a few 
i'll watch an episode of Firefly, then off to bed  g'nite!
i'll watch season 4 of one tree hill muna.  bb
ILL!!...scratch that last tweet, I meant I'm watching the MTV movie awards. 
iLove booking flights... 
iLove my Mac  very smart OS
iLOVEcourtney,.. she is the BESTEREST  xx
ilovegoogle, move up by 2  107. wordpress.com
ilovegoogle, move up by 3  95. slideboom.com
Ilse DeLange was awesome yesterday! I will upload the pictures later 
ily foxes too  muchos ily-ing
ily Holiday Parade 
Ily tgp, rip, you are legends 
ILY.no wait....ILTK. Yes that is what i was trying to say =] Umm talking tooo Katiee and might go Shopping 
Ilze made jummmy lunch. My stomach is singing &quot;Joyful, joyful!&quot; now 
Im  happy today ) http://plurk.com/p/y4gae
I'm  new in twitter ! 
im  on a boaaaat! haha, at prom.  cant believe graduations in 19 days!
I'm &quot;allowing&quot; Johno to mop the kitchen floor on his birthday 
I'm &quot;too important&quot; for a meeting? Someone's pulling my leg... 
I'm (hopefully) getting my new phone later this week. Yaaaaay! I so excite. 
I'm @ work getting ready for bed  Don't hate cuz I get to sleep on the job LOL!!
I'm @ work. In 15 minutes I'm on lunchtime. Did anyone smoke with me? Only 1 1/2 days left... 
I'm @mikeflaws favourite follower; along with @heaatherrr  good times. x
I'm [finally] in Italy 
i'm 18 today snitches  text me 17154181175
I'm 18! Happy birthday to me!  Going to bed now, fun plans for today.
I'm 3-0 Against Nick in 2K9 
I'm 31 in exactly one week. Listening to #samsparro and love the song pocket  the words are good.
I'm 99% sure I saw Steve Jobs today at Vasona Park. Wonder if he saw my iPod when I ran by 
I'm a 60's fan - peace, love, happiness,  peace out! 
Im a angel sometimes when I want to be 
I'm a big fan of this tune: http://tinyurl.com/mcpxg7 It just makes me feel good. Check it out 
I'm a big fan of this tune: ttp://tinyurl.com/mcpxg7 It just makes me feel good. Check it out 
I'm a bit jealous that my friends are having a party while I'm writing my presentation on Marlene Dietrich. I might vote though 
I'm a bit late, but the new twitterific interface for the iPhone is very cool, oh and Richie and Lauren on their engagement 
'I'm a bookaholic' concept unleashed at BA conference. 'Fancy a line of Coleridge' ha 
im a brown eyed girl  i like it!
I'm a celeb get me outta here!! Omg amazing show!! Thank you spencer for making my day!!  haha
i'm a college graduate 
I'm a creature of habit... Usually bad habits 
I'm a credit watcher @epiphanygirl and a patient soul 
I'm a defender of Catan! 
Im a dork  hacked!
I'm a dork and keep blocking people I don't know, especially if they have the word f@ck in their user name. 
I'm a dude and even I think this is adorable. Look in the box, too!   http://twitpic.com/6v518
I'm a finalist for 5ss!  Wish me luck over the next few days.
I'm a former De-Anza College VSA officer, you guys are freely to use this if you choose too. 
I'm a good girl...ALL work is done 
I'm a grandma - baby girl born 2:17 am, 7-0, 19 inches, mom, baby and midwife are all fine. 
I'm a happy happy girl.. got me blunts with me.. 
I'm a high school graduate.  
I'm a HoV fan .... he hates HoV ..... And Im ok with that .... LoL  
i'm a huge fan now of david archuleta and david cook.. 
I'm a INTP/ENTP with I/E really uncertain (only 5% in the I side). Others criteras are certain. I like it and it describes me well 
i'm a little bit off. i'm  going to eat something. i'm hungry 
I'm a little hungry, a nice bowl of spicy lentil soup should fill the gap 
I'm a little hungry. Maybe some food and some dns updates are in order 
I'm a little lonely tonight...wine is tasting good though 
I'm a lonerrrr  this is the life.
I'm a lot better now then I was earlier.  Who wants to chit chat with this cool cat?
i'm a lot like sailor moon. @mattrobby can we watch sailor moon next time we see each other? please? 
i'm a miracle worker, i'm the next Jesus 
im a movie addict! gettin ready to go see &quot;the hangover&quot; with some friends  hope its as funny as they say!
I'm a Muse I'm a Muse Part 2 ;) Forgot to share...Unnuage now honored to contribute some French PhD - on Education &amp; Socialnetworking 
i'm a new member here!!so nice!!! 
i'm a newbie here! help me! 
I'm a ninjaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.. waaaaaa!  no, i lied, i'm not, i'm crazy. anywayy.. helloo people! 
I'm a political widow this weekend  Just sent the hubby off the see Ron Paul speak at the C4L conference in Seattle.
I'm a poor mofo!!!!! nevertheless...i love you baby... 
i'm a pretty lucky girl I think ... 
I'm a princess in a 200sqm castle 
I'm a pro.  Sha!  I can totally go to Buck's show five minutes before start time now. 
I'm a quarter of a century old today 
i'm a self sabator in the words of J.D.  sorta true....  scrubs get me through my day  CHOCOLATE BEAR!  haha the giant doctor &lt;3
Im a skank I never get ready anymore. She is making me wear jeans. Lmao 
I'm a sophomore in college now  yay for finals being over!
I'm a sucker for first time award winners. What an amazing feeling that must be. 
i'm a terrible vacation-tweeter, Up at 6:15 just because!  I think it'll be a while until @melissajill is awake and ready for the gym...
i'm a tooth fairy tomorrow! going to the elementary school to teach 1st graders how to brush their teeth 
im a twitter virgin........so be gentle with me please 
I'm a unicorn once again!!! 
I'm a very fast eater 
I'm able to get through my days happily knowing that I can never be referred to as a butterface 
i'm about 2 order my magazine!!! 
i'm about to be soooo broke and sooooo sunburnt 
I'm about to buy a Polaroid camera. So don't be surprised if you see my little ass with a bigass camera, askin you to hop in a pic. 
Im about to convert the hills' season finale!! 30 mins. left!! 
i'm about to cook a big, fat, juicy steak.  and no, you can't have any.
im about to eat honey bunches of oats  MLIA.
I'm about to finish my homework 
I'm about to go eat boiled crabs. 
I'm about to go have the second best vegitarian food I know of 
I'm about to go on  &lt;3
I'm about to go to my cousin's house to visit my BABY COUSIN as well as his mom. Because they will go home at Pampanga later.  *Siesta!
I'm about to go to Red Robin to celebrate my 18th birthday!  \o/
I'm about to hula hoop while at work, because that is how I roll 
I'm about to leave for schooool, text meee. 
I'm about to leave this hospital. (: Whooo ! Myspace. 
im about to present a picture , but havent done shiiiit 
im about to ready myself for the day and have a few drinks on the journey 
I'm about to watch &quot;Burn After Reading&quot;, tucked up in bed with the girl I love 
Im about to watch osasuna vs real madrid football match! 
i'm about to watch the great gatsby. i've seen it before but i read the book and thought i'd re-watch it 
I'm absolutely stoked that @NeilDiamond is on Twitter. Hopefully he'll pay a visit to his home-away-from-home, Australia, sometime soon! 
I'm actaully going to bed early for the 1st time in over a month. Then it's time for an early morning workout with the pup! 
Im actually bonding with my parents  we're watching movies lol
im actually doing my homework for once! not on the computer either 
I'm actually excited about the CMT music awards 
I'm actually feeling happy strangely enough. I'm poor but I don't mind 
I'm actually getn drunk!! (don't drink) door bell is off d chain, hs all over 
I'm actually going to bed for real now  listening to some awesome music 
I'm actually gonna be sleeping &quot;early&quot; today 
I'm actually happy with the new work schedule Vinny and I just got! Now we finally have 2 days off together 
I'm actually kind of excited for the confederations cup! 
I'm actually looking forward to work tomorrow...I love the word chub as in chubby like ohh I've got some extra chub on my tummy haha ohh 
I'm ACTUALLY on Skype but ssshh don't tell anyone. 
I'm actually quite satisfied with the weather today! Breakfast now, then I've got some horsetraining to make up for! 
i'm actually reallllly excited to be 16 
i'm actually really excited about getting the scribble shirt and the np bracelet. PLUS, i ordered the vneck from glamour kills.&lt;3 
I'm actually really excited for my birthday weekend. Matt has tried his absolute best to make it not suck for me. 
I'm actually sticking to my diet. I am impress 
I'm actually taking a dump and twittering  hmm , looks like twitter is good for SOMETHING at least...
I'm actually tired  nighty night
im actualy reading the end of new moon 
I'm addicted â€¢ &amp; I'm gettin' help. 
I'm addicted â€¢ &amp; I'm gettin' help.  â€¢ Goodnight!
I'm addicted to Farm Town. Thanks Lisa. (Antonio's mom) 
I'm addicted to online games! aaahhh.... I just can't get enough of it! 
im addicted to photoshopping signiatures 
I'm addicted to this twittering !!!! I gotta goooo chili's is where I'm at yummy 
Im addicted to your light @bufb88 
I'm adding some goodies to my Etsy page 
im a-goin runnintoo! lol 
I'm air-brushing on my drawing. 
I'M ALIVE, WOOOOO 
I'm all clean. It's a nice day. Have to go to Paw Paw, MI &amp; pick up a load that's going to Delaware, OH 
I'm all comfy in bed, but I'm sweaty cause I'm wrapped in covers and shit.  I like covers.  (but not sweat... ew)
Im all giddy right now 
im all sunburnt spent all afternoon in the garden im wanting some stiffy's and red bull now 
im all, eff my life! i wanna eat burgers, look at the stars...and run away into oblivion 
I'm all-a-twitter.....it's Matt's birthday today!  
I'm all-set! Just waiting for my dad to arrive so that he could give me a lift to the church 
im almost at 1500! wooh. clearly, i have no life 
I'm almost done packing!!! Move is sunday and I'm soooooo excited!!!! 
im almost done watching rideback, ive got like 2 episodes left... final verdict when i finish it!  
im almost fully packed. just some last minute things left. &amp; 2 more days. then its home sweet home.  cant wait! texas here i come!
I'm almost positive that Lebron James is not completely human. Take that @MK_Gerome 
im almost to 300 updates. 200 more to goo 
im almost to 7000....I need 52 lovely sexy people who are willing to put up with my SHIT so that my numbers will continue 2 grow 
im already awake 
I'm already overheated and it's Monday! Mint Julep please 
I'm also making sure I get plenty of exercise throughout the day with my kids  I'm determined to lose 10 lbs by my birthday July 4th!!
I'm also obsessed with Vince McMahon's entrance song........  and Maria's too!
I'm also playing GTA4, so multitasking on a friday night. 
Im also waiting for Selena's album! I'm soo excited, even though I dont really like her singing, I'll buy it  i support all disney stars!
I'm always confused about that. When I spell some words like achieve or receive, I'm not sure I is before E or after E. Now I got it! 
I'm always in a cookie mood  listening to my boss bitch endlessly.
im always thankful to those who believe in my capabilities  awwww.. sorry im quite a softie at &lt;3 hehe
I'm am finding it impossible to sleep with all these old friends popping up! 
Im am now officially a member of the Oliver Cast. 
I'm amazed at how late 4 boys will stay awake playing video games 
I'm amazed that I'm up so early...  Early enough that it's almost still morning in Sweden 
I'm an animal. wrote 3 posts today. trying for 1 more. Here's the first one http://bit.ly/5zbRg Look for my business interviews tomorrow! 
I'm an App Store fanatic! 
I'm an Art director but don't send me on a photo shoot? The match begins... 
I'm an auntty now 
I'm an ice skating movie.... Love it... But I prefer roller skating... 
I'm an official high school graduate 
I'm an uncle again! (But for the first time on the murphy side). Welcome to the world Sean Murphy 
I'm an uncle. Yay. 
im and ready to go to LA  my feet are killing me..
I'm annoyed. 
I'm apparently &quot;watching AN manga&quot;. 
I'm as dark as night, as light as day &amp; mainly occur in May....anyone know the answer?  My son's trying to find it for school. 
im at @crazyococonut  searchin for money^^
I'm at @raeelynn 's graduation party...there's lots of yummy food 
im at a party 
I'm at an art gallery! Yay 
I'm At BaLboa PaRk Now!! It's SupeR BeautifuL!! 
im at becca's house in oc. I think we are going to the Songs for a New Season thing at the school 
I'm at chelseas watching a movie 
I'm at Cobra, Mexican bird flu hub/gay bar, and hate when they play the 80's mix. Oh shit, FREEZE FRAME 
I'm at dennys, juiced up in the most brown area of town. Amazing night 
i'm at emily's 
I'm at Frankenthal 
i'm at home &amp; borred? x__x now i take a shower.  niceone.
im at home mama rach! 
im at home,today is okay 
I'm at Maggles' house for the night. Love that girl. 
i'm at my awesome fucking grandmas house with the best cousin ever. 
Im at my backyard chilling on my laptop, its soooo relaxing 
I'm at my birthday party. 
i'm at my dad work  so sweet weather in hear (raining)  japiii
I'm at my favorite hang out place but the wi-fi connection is not working.  Good thing I brought the prepaid internet connection with me 
I'm at my friend's house with y other friend  HAPPY B-DAY LUUUUUU *-*
Im at my moms having a chilled out Sunday.....What are you guys up to?  X
I have made sooo many lists for my holiday. oh im crazy.. way too organised! SO many things to see &amp; do on my list. 2 days 
I have many expectations!! So hyper today!  XD
I have many favorites but just need to add them. It will be a little while but I promise it will be good  I hope you enjoy!
I have my car again. Now ill stop with the whiny dependent sounding tweets and get back to the six yall know n luv. 
I have my diploma!  On my way to eat!
I have my hairs done.... I have to get used to it...  Leo &amp; The Melody
i have my jobros t-shirt!! i'm so happy 
I have my new computer  HP
I have my phone back  watching 7 pounds
i have my research project!  generally, it's going to be kinematics of the UE in manual w/c propulsion in people with tetraplegia 
I have my results and I well on the way to doing my masters  yay for me!
I have my sleepytime tea  gotta give my bunny a carrot then off to sleep!
i have my tequila  i feel like a kid with a big ass piece of candy 
I have my tickets to the final show  *tears*
I have never been that sick in my life!... At least its over now. Let's get this awesome weekend started 
I have never felt more alone. The devil may think he is fooling me but the lord is with me. 
I have never once been rejected from the Family wearing these Adidas Tricolor sneakers which i payed $150  Turns out Cloudland does suck!
i have never seen Wall-E. i am confused because i had no idea what you guys were talking about... hehe!  now i do though!
I have new sheets, they are very comfy 
I have no friends on twitter so I guess I'm posting this one to myself.  Hello self.   Back to facebook!
I have no idea what the movie is about but, I love the Mission Impossible series and I bet shit blows up!
I have no idea what this whole twitter thing is about....I'll figure it out when Caelen slows down for a minute....so NEVER!! 
I have no idea what to do on here 
I have no patience for two faced people! Thank you and goodbye 
I have no phone no car no money to fix the car and pay phone but I have my Zune 120. 
I have not been feeling my best today, but an episode of House will lift anyone's spirits. 
I have not been tweeting try to tweet more been playing gmod and I love the song call on me  btw saveing up to get a laptop 
i have not slept yet... a bit delirious. been workin on a new ecrater store. focus vintage goods. very happy w/ ecraters growth! 
I have nothing to do today. Anyone wanna make plans? 
i have nothing to do..! it is soooo boring lol not really i'm having fun 
I have nothing to fear for I have done my part. If you're not happy with that, deal with it 
I have nothing to say but I want the attention. Thanks for reading. 
i have now decided im in love with nick jonas.  â™¥
I have now just put my picture up  im enjoying my weekend at me partents in sunny Derby 
I have now managed to get my domain name (www.virtualrunner.co.uk) linked to my blog 
I have now realized that @ranajune is right about everything @ranajune Tweets about. I redact all previous challenges to her authority. 
I have now seen all the episodes of Firefly and LOVED them - now I just need to see the movie Serenity so it will all be complete 
I have offically started the 40 hour faminine....no chocolate or coffee!!!!! Ahhhhhh!! Laughs. It's worth it in the end......  
I have officially been granted off campus housing.  #squarespace
I have officially broken the 400 follower mark! Woo thank you everyone, especially to @Ste1987 for that last push! 
I have one crazy sister. 
I have only been out of the room I shared with @tphilipps for 10 minutes &amp; she has come in my room twice...I think she misses me 
i have premeditated this.. im sleeping in the sofa 
I have really sweet pets 
I have relised I have an obsession with project runway! 
I have 'Renegade'' and &quot;Falling slowly&quot; playing on loop lol 
I have seen a lot of movies on Justin.tv today. Jobintervju tomorrow. and bbq with my class. 
I have seen my future and it involves a burgundy/black polo with black slacks on...and free movies...and then in a few weeks a new Pre 
I have selected my new camera lens 
I have set a long term life goal....and embarked on a path that makes it entirely possible....i love the future 
I have so many ideas for new videos my head is spinning!!! Just wish there was more time in one day! Or perhaps if I had some help 
i have so many updates 
i have so much random stuff to do!  craziness
I have so much to tweet about but have to dig myself out of the back log of email etc first.   I need a Cafe Bistro fix...time to eat 
I have some really old books and I don't know how to deal with them on delicious.... oy. example: robert's rules of order from 1904, hehe 
I have someone(s)/something(s)special watching over me. if I faulter they're their to break my fall.. Thank you.  Good night. 
I have something exciting cooking up  I hope everything works out
I Have Something Good In My Life And Just Want Ladies To Know Take Your Time Theres Some Good Brothas Out There.  I Have Proof!   
I have sonic 1 on my ipod  I also had it on the sega saturn &lt;&lt; research that!
I have soo many favourite bands that I can't list them all  1. being short stack, meowahhh
I have sore throat.. it hurts so bad. But I bought new volume of The Clique so I'm kind of happy 
I have spent 5 hours preparing my new project content.. I am really proud of myself 
I have started selling my ear art @ www.foreverdream.etsy.com and I just made my first sale! Thanks Crystal!  
I have stew for dinner with home made bread. Which is great cus i feel crap. How brilliant is my boyfriend today! 
I have straight up been M.I.A... SO, B.I.A (back in action) git wid it 
i have such a new outlook on things... 
I have such amazing people in my life. 
I have superhuman senses - anitacocktail:  I dont wanna smell my B.O. lol hhaha jk, im clean  tatter... http://tumblr.com/xkx1z4dbb
I HAVE SWITCHED HOSTS.  I will tell everyone the URL when summer begins, June 5! 
i have taken over aldos twitter   -love christine 
i have the best boyfriend ever  massage
i have the best cat in the world... just a reminder 
i have the best day with you today 
I HAVE THE BEST DAY WITH YOU TODAY  http://twitpic.com/79aai TE AMO MI &quot;RULOS SEXIES&quot;
i have the best girlfriend in the world 
I have the best sister in the world! 
I have the best sister/roommate in the world @nayislike 
I have the bestest friends ever- thanx 4 the flowers!  
I have the biggest Flapjack in the world  yummy stuff
I have the BIGGEST headache.... So worth it 
i have the biggest smile on my face, haven't smiled this much in a while.   
I have the body of a god! http://twitpic.com/67zjg 
i have the corniest bf ever. 
I have the cutest dog 
I have the cutest niece ever!!   http://twitpic.com/6t570
i have the cutest wallpaper 
I have the day off and have been awake since 4 I love my life 
I have the first 8 lines of the General Prologue of The Canterbury Tales memorized. 
I have the greatist best friend everr  lastnight was GREAT!
I have the house to myself. Peaceful. Tranquil. Silent.   Â¡Ã‰l Berto!
I have the immense pleasure of being entertained by Pride &amp; Prejudice for the 3rd time and I must say that I find it very much agreeable 
i have the most amazing boyfriend  *sigh* Until tomorrow tweeters. Night.
I have the most boring tweets ever lol yet still have followers  haah awesomeee. sleep in tomorrow! thank you long weekend!
i have the privilege of  preaching 1 samuel 22 tomorrow  how would you preach it?
I have the simplest tastes; I am always satisfied with the best. 
I have the sweetest boyfriend ever 
i have the urge to go swimming, may have to lido it next time its sunny 
I have the urge to look at the new Revlon Matte Lipsticks... 
I have things to do around the house, then its a shower, lunch, and then off to my friend Cresta's house to hang out. 
I have this crazy midnight snacking habit. Good thing I don't get fat. Haha! Hopefully I get to go to the countryside this afternoon! 
I have this song in my head and it's making me happy.   â™« http://blip.fm/~7jg6i
I have this very weird idea for a story.  I barely started it but am really looking forward to finishing it. 
I have to be stage director this morning. I think I will discourage the use of any forms of fire on stage today! 
i have to be up in less than 5 hours. -_-  FML see you soon @AirKarinaBx23 
I have to clean my room. I don't want to but that's the only way I can dance around to hoodrat music in peace 
i have to do something this weeeeek .okey.,   goodmorning twitter woooorld 
i have to earn at least 10 k today in neopets. so i'll go and earn nowww 
I have to finish my environ quiz by 8pm tonight. I'm going to go read the rest of the chapter now. 
i was helping my dad re decorate my bedroom. time 4 a shower! 
I was hiding under your porch because i love you. 
I was honestly a bit surprised to see L4D2 at Microsoft's press conference.  However, melee weapons are very welcome 
I was hoping for balloons... 
I was in a band once 
I was in a pissy-ish/moody mood earlier.  But I got an email from my aunt that had some old, old pics of some fam. members.  
I was in a sauna with Alex, Brandon, and Cait, I should probably get an STD check. 
I was in my room dancing haha. I didnt feel a thing 
i was informed that this plane is about to kill the mosquitos  and that's good because i hate them haha :p
I was inspired by Milo.  Wee! Little me  I'm the super cute one of the left. http://tinyurl.com/chl4u3
I'm at my party.... twittering to 80s music... I'm sooo cool 
Im at my sisters house visiting the new baby   talk to me ? 
Im at phils house watchin people get they ass beat 
im at school  gotta go off. i lovee you  @xSeniz &lt;333
im at school right now its L.A time  no im going to tweet your mom reannda
I'm at school teaching my students!  
I'm at Sister's home with Saeny   Long time no see ~~
I'm at the #semtech2009 twitter table at lunch, but it's currently empty 
I'm at the circus! Yay 
im at the food court at a mall 
Im at the mall for 8 hrs all by myself so if ur not doing anything u should come talk to me PLEASE   &quot;Im TAKEN&quot;
I'm at the Movies 
I'm at the movies watching xmen...and Hugh Jackman is a pretty sexy man 
I'm at the studio now, I only late for about 5 minutes. 
I'm at the top tip of the state called Tasmania... the other side of nowhere. they do have very pretty sunsets here though... 
I'm at Twist sitting by the bar, by my lonesome. Just got out of class. Feel rather good right now. 
im at uni with rebecca!!!! 
@jesusreignsFE Morning girl !!! Have a nice and blessed day! 
@jesussetmefree LOL!! Yeah I am really hoping for that &quot;one day&quot;. 
@jesussetmefree Thanx for the follow Friday mention! 
@JetBlaqk Lucky I was in to charmed but now both!!! you can watch first three seasons on Hulu for free!!! 
@jetcomx now, I do absolutely nothing interesting, well, besides go to a shitload of shows , also reading and talking to much 
@JetGibbs Having lunch in town with an old fandom friend tomorrow. Should be fun! She's lovely 
@jethrocarr Auckland is a great place to visit ... just not live 
@jethrocarr Oh, ok. Ahhhh, yeah - I can imagine you like your 2 metre commute the best. 
@jethron5000 hahah yeah see i told you! coffee bean's chocolate ice blended is way better! let me know how's the show tonight 
@Jetlagjen Have a Fab time &amp; use sunscreen!!!  Prevent premature aging !!  That's my new motto       Night.
@jetpacks YAY! I can't wait to read it. 
@jetpants haha, sadly though there's still nothing better to date..  I had a huge belief in G-Box internal transmission till I rode one!
@jetpress2 Pooooo D: At least when the computer is in my room and his is out here, it won't seem so loud~ 
@jetrotmans good morning Jet, enjoy a nice day 
@Jets0n good morning sir  how much is the WoW Account?
@jetset_amelia arigato! it was tiring, but was a lot of fun  I hope you had a great time in Okinawa!!
@Jetsetter23 Aww, you're welcome!! Have fun!!! 
@jetskiworld  Haha ! Go Martin ! His fixed our Ski like a million times ...  
@JetSpiderMan go to just see the 30% you like lmmfao  hope that helps
@JettBlakk Thank you Mr. Blakk, kick ass today. 
@jetterz aww. hope you're feeling okay. at si Cheska rin. 
@jettimasstyr I know you guys do..   I've always gotten a great Houston support . Thank you ..
@JeunesseB Hoooooii Mam Happy Birthday!!  Love You!
@jevanie018 so you like charice? 
@Jevener thank u! im going to review OG Kush today im loving it too many ppl say they got the Kush when they don't tho happy friday 
Im at work again Lmfao the weather is gorgeous here in birmingham shame i cant be out in it but i feel good today so i dont mind 
I'm at work and really wanna get in the sun for a jog! Then an evening with the barrows  x
I'm at work and refuse to call people at 930 on a saturday morning. Thus, i will ebay 
i'm at work extremely hungover. the party was awesome last night 
I'm at work know, leaving within 15 minutes   Just ordered a shoe from Tory Burch )))))
I'm at work on Sunday morning 
I'm at work too,just got back from booking my tattoo 
I'm at work trying hard not to succumb to the &quot;Poor me&quot; mentality due to severe allergies.  Boo.  
im at work waiting for the clock to strike 6 
I'm at work with nothing to dooooooooooo. So I'ma gonna have me a turkey sammich and a coffee. Hard work 
I'm at work, chillin' like a villain  I'm out @6 nigga. Then Adrian comes home from Vegas )
I'm at work. Can't wait to go camping Monday 
I'm at work. Enjoy all the attention. People are going out of their way to give me tude. Feeling quite special 
Im at work. in the bathroom. i literaly spent 5 minutes staring at water dripping from the faucet. im making a documentary. 
im at www.wethewest.com aka @WeTheWest watchin ZOE the muthafuckin ROASTA new video ~    check out the site if u havent already!
I'm at yanzi's press conference!  - http://tweet.sg
im att the movies watchin drag me 2 hell 
I'm attempting the race for life, although i don't know if i can run, hey ho, sponser me!  http://www.runningsponsorme.org/ManishaPatel
I'm attempting to do nothing and failing at it because I'm always doing something 
Im available now  wassup y'all
im awake  and listening to swimming with dolphins (L)
I'm awake !?!?  Too early .. Uhm .. Hey all 
im awake at last 
I'm awake noweeeee  I dremed a very strange dream xD And I mean VERY! Gosh I'm wierd :')
I'm awake right now! Gonna travel a few hundred kilometres tomorrow! 
I'm awake too late! Good night tweeps! 
i'm awake while others sleep 
Im awake! haha, gig was awesome. got poster signed  by the band woooooop 
I'm awake!!!  I love waking up laughing haha
i'm awake, and wondering what @Lottiotta might like for her birthday 
Im awake, goodmorning! 
I'm awake. For real this time. Daystar, she burns. Hey #notacon folks! Check out @myrcurial 's talk at 1 pm 
im awake. im so awake. and my first thought today. was of you. 
I'm awake... Torah study tweets today in one hour.  Looking forward all week!  Today will be great- also boys art museum tour at MIA! 
im baaaaaaaaaaack hahahahaa soo good to have the internet back 
I'm BAAAAACK ! If u cared 
I'm baaaack home  it feels soo good Sleepoveer with Yentl
I'm baaaack!  YAY! I just read everyones tweets, I'm just about to go check youtube.. HOPEFULL someone posted! 
I'm baacckk. Did ya miss me? Yay! Matt is G-O-N-E! Woohoo! Now, Dancing With The Stars. Buh-byee 
I'm back  !! It was awesome !
I'm back  I enjoy analyzing poker situations too damn much to just quit for a long time.. it's been like 4weeks break, time to roll
im back  small change on myspace.
im back ! got a lot to do today!  xD
im back again 
im BACK and better than ever!.!. 
Im back and my laptop is back  We're back  ) Im always sneezing these days! ) 
i'm back and tired, but i feel somehow good 
I'm back and we are back how you like them apples 
I'M BACK AT HOME! 
I'm back at the desk, pasta in teh microwave, new heels on the shoes and now I have envelopes! Right, final tweaks for baby app 
i'm back did any one miss me 
I'm back for the E3 mayhem! 
Im back from Barnabas! Sooo glad I helped everyone there. They desevered it. 
i'm back from my dance class. Drinking Pepsi Max and eating some chocolates 
I'm back from my first 5K running race   And still alive!
im back from myh UK trip 
I'm back from school 
I'm back from the party! So tired! 
im back home after a cool day of shopping and hangin with the parents  whats everyone up to?!
im back home and so tired plan to watch movies the rest of the day 
im back home from shopping, had fun wit the girls 
I'm back home with a buzz. Good weekend, can't complain.  Now I'm goin to bed. nite Twitts 
I'm back home! I missed my room. I feel like papa's here! 
Im back home, we were at a cooking camp. 
i'm back hoooome!  now it's time to work! woo hoo! i'm so excited!
I'm back in action...my twitter on my phone is workin again 
i'm back in berlin.. going to meet some friends later 
Im back in Manhattan in August.. I cant wait 
I'm back in singapore! This is easily one of the best jb trips i've had in a long time. 
I'm back in the US after an amazing trip!   Now getting to drive back to Anderson tonight...
I'm back in the web 2.0 land again  Busy couple of days and very promising as well!!! Things looking very bright indeed 
I'm back in town from padre! Had the best time...takin 4 july 4th weekend 
I'm back on the grid  http://twitpic.com/3l4ig
I'm back online i still don't get this twitter stuff much  aww well
I'm back to twitter  Now with new site from New Song Community (CanÃ§Ã£o Nova) http://www.newsongtv.com
I'm back to work today and loving it 
im back TWITTER!! 
I'm back what's the story folks? 
I'm back y'all  to tokes but just for the summer
I'm back! &quot;Nos na fita&quot; is so good! hahahahahaha.. Anyway, lovely nigth with my brother and Nathasha!  Go to bed now! xxx See ya tomorrow!
I'm back! Hi guys! 
I'm back! It's even more than 10 minutes! 
i'm BACK!!! i should be packin but i cant focus besides i'm Hungry maybe i should eat some Honey Nut Cheerios  http://twitpic.com/5hmy6
Im Back!!!couldnt stay away 
I'm back!!!Lots of stories from Cannes&amp;Monaco! Had an AMAZING time.Grand Prix day was just awesome to be there. Love to Simon, Chad, Alex 
im back..i kno u all missed me 
I'm backk. So Wednesday I'm getting my wisdom teeth out I'll be on this all day hahaha. 
im backk...wow that took such a long time! :S lmaoo 
I'm backlogged w/my review of new followers. If I haven't followed you back yet, tweet me to move jump the line  Thx for yr patience!
I'm backstage at the Fashion Focus Hair Show in Seattle. Working with the Paul Mitchell Team and having a blast! 
i'm beached as bro      fush and chups 
Im beat. I had a long day, i went to raging waters for a flowrider competion and i won a first place medal in the females division 
I'm becoming a major fan of saltwater pools!!!  After I'm done swimming, I still smell like the ocean!  Oh the discoveries of summer  
I'm beginning to think that everything is falling into place 
I'm behind everyone and now just watching the hills and the awards. 
I'M BEIN TOUGH TODAY. 
I'm being followed by a Speccy. Cool! P.S. I'm not mad. 
i'm being nosy,, while my next door neighbour has 3 police cars zooooming to her door!! i lurrvve drama 
i'm being rude.sorry people!okay too many tweets now, OFF  gdnight!
I'm being silly... but *now* I kinda wish I had more booze  How are you chica?
im being such a conversaytion killer, not good 
I'm better than your girlfriend! LOL 
I'm beyond excited for the ga softball girls. 
I'm blaring out &quot;Kid Rock - all summer long&quot;, the weathers great, my girlfriend is doing great and my oh my i'm in a great mood 
I'm blasting the Twilight soundtrack and S. Meyers playlist for inspiration! Sparkling new items coming soon 
i'm blessed thats all i cant say...GOD IS GOOD!!!!! wassup wit yall yall good?? talk to me twepole 
I'm blessed to have amazing kids and good friends.....I'm feeling thankful today 
I'm blogging again. http://lnib.blogspot.com/ 
I'm blowing my ears out with rock music trying to keep myself awake. I am actually sleepy enough to fall asleep on my keyboard. Haha. 
Im blowing up spots toniteeeee... Here is a message i recieved just now 
I'm boiled in my bath.Rush's bath-bomb is very good scent&amp;moist  @izumimon have you good bath 
im booooored how does this twitter thing work hmmmmmm someone help me 
i'm booored... wanna do something crazy with the girls but they're far from me now... i miss you all &lt;3 
Im bored :[ Anyone wanna talk? 
i'm bored already. what time are we seeing up tomorrow? i think i want to go to the mall first 
im bored in english with anne 
I'm bored so today I will tweet all of my favorite Random pictures from Kansas 
I'm bored! On the way to the FReSH MaRKeT. Don't kno wht to make but this place usually inspires me! 
i'm bored! someone taaaaalk to me 
I'm bored. But I may get dunkin donuts 
Im bored. Cant wait for the accesshollywood interview with Adam Lambert tomorrow. 
I'm bored. Gonna paint my nails and then watch Driving Lessons in bed 
im bored. i learned &quot;White Horse&quot; by Taylor Swift on my guitar. I am so excited. 
I'm bored.. :/ Where i everyone? 
Im bored... and Hugh Fernley Whittingstal is reminding me of Richard.. Making me rather un-bored... 
I'm Bored... If it was thundering I could play baseball.. lol...   I'd just call the Cullens
im bored.... i just made an account  
im boredd (N) nippin into town afterr 
IM BOREDDD, might look at new pics of robert pattinson 
I'm borreeedddd, i miss Laura ,  i want more popcorn  i loves popcorn...no wonder im so fat lol
im borrowing this movie.i appriciate it tiffany 
im borrreed, but happy. 
im bout to go couch poetatoing! 
im bout to rest my eyes....gnight everybody 
Im bout to swack with Faye tonight 
I'm brazillian tonight  or cuban...whatever!
im breathing. ahaha! 
I'm broadcasting my live Stickam stream at http://stickam.com/tibbies -  look er up
I'm bry-bryan' around 
I'm burning up. I was in the baking mood today I made homemade stuff shells and monkey bread 
I'm busily hunting for a summer job and a place to move into in August 
I'm busy being Lawful Neutral. Oh how I love nerdy DnD stuff 
Im busy. Drooling. Over this video. ;)  but yeahh it does work captain!  @lostducky0013
I'm buying Nathan and Bianca a bigger blanket cause apparently their blanket isn't big enough. 
I'm caffeinated and buzzing around hiding my mess before the craft day starts 
i'm calling it quits for the night, before someone else starts shouting verses. goodnight, twitter and all who stumble across this page! 
I'm certain my bed is the best place ever. Especially after a fantastic day with amazing people.  
i'm charging my ipod. 
I'm chatting whit my friends  
I'm chatting with my darling now...she's awesome 
im checking my myspace 
I'm checking my stuff before I begin preparing to teach Sunday School class.  HEY!!!  GET UP AND GO TO CHURCH!!!  
i'm cheking youtube - fafinettex3 &amp; The Hardy Show ..  love ya.. !
im chilaxing  waiting for thursday on which day i will see my boyfriend hopefully &lt;3 x
im chillin like a fresh ripe orange 
Im chillin, hyped for summer jam O9 tomorrow 
im chilling with my awesome fantastical girlfriend at her castle  cause she's coooooool and I love her 
im chilling with my cuzin isa  !!
I'm claiming this week is going to be a GREAT week! 
I'm clean 
I'm cleaning in peace while the dogs are napping 
I'm cleaning up my room tonight, top to bottom. I finally have both the time AND motivation. Pizza, music, laundry, and organizing! 
I'm clearly not a grown up...I still eat cocoa puffs for breakfast so I can have chocolate milk after! 
Im clocking off early....well it is me Birthday afterall...so Im allowed 
I'm closing up shop and going home for the night  I hear my bottle of wine calling my name...
Im Cold :/ My House Is Cold :/  And My Dog Is Cold 
I'm cold. My butt is numb. And I have to pee! Yay for the concert experience 
I'm cold... cause I just came oot of de shower... well not just... more like a few minutes ago... but still...  BRRRRRRRRRRRR!!! 
IM COMING AS SOON AS YOU CLOSE THEM..CANT WAIT MY DEAR! 
I'm completely new to this. Day's been good for Monday Jen although feeling tired from a busy party weekend 
i'm completley inlove with Nicholas Jerry Jonas 
im contemplating a 230am 7-11 run...im hungryyyy {don`t judge me!! i didnt have dinner!!!  hehe}
im content. Food makes me happy 
I'm continuing on writing my blog I wrote earlier today! Would fill it up with lots of pictures from when I was in Jakarta!  x
I'm continuing with this theme of change this week because it really resonates with me. When I tweet I themes I learn a lot too 
I'm cooking and listening Brit  this is my first step on twitter xD
I'm cooking dinner tonight  I love it. Making one of my favourite dishes, angel hair pasta...yum!
I'm cooking meatballs for lunch  yaaayyy ...
i'm cooking pancit canton. i'm hungry 
im covered in freckles  oh sweet summertime
I'm craving a bbq chicken salad from cpk like no other! Do they do to go/pick up orders!? 
I'm craving Carvel classic sundaes might get me some since i have a coupon! buy one get another one free! 
I'm craving yoga poses - I think I'll indulge 
I'm creating a match.com account @MrRoBoyd. 
I'm creating my account on Twitter 
i'm crossing my fingers and keeping my hope alive 
I'm crushing? do people even do that anymore? Heart-racing. I'm obvious. 
Im curlin up w/ my dog &amp; goin to sleep 
I'm currently reading Kapitan Sino written by Bob Ong 
I'm currently responding to Kelsey on Facebook. 
im currently texting on the toilet naked, and yes my socks are still on. Im such a rebel 
I'm currently trying to use twitter 
im currently watching becoming jane, and the music makes me want to go visit europe. 
I'm currently working at 3 different stores in an effort to maintain full time hours. (I just hope I can keep my stores stright) 
im currently.. twittering. 
i'm curretly listening at James Morrison's album i really like his voice  kind d LSs on his song's   )
I'm dancing by a club of a second life 
@jeverton good good   i'm confused by this whole twittering thing, oh dear x
@jevonthegm no worries, I wouldn't worry about it, plans always have to be a bit fluid 
@jevygurl Hate how? Like compare him to another character for me so I know your level of hate 
@Jew4palestine yup ... i picked it up from mondoweiss quick smart &amp; proliferated it ... had a brawl on fb with a neoziocon about it ... 
@jewelalchemy 'LE gothic mineral makeup set' hells yeah! bring it 
@JeweleaJawbreak  We got it at Macy's.
@jewelgiroux Girl I got permanent frump in dis lil belly of mine..Sheet my trophy from these 2 rugrats, hmph. Im still sexy...covered up! 
@jewelgiroux Good morning 
@jewelgiroux Ohhhh I saw you say you were gonna post some earlier--so looking forward to reading them 
@jewelgiroux Ok...I'm thru fuckin wit you...it was fun tho...talk to ya shorty, I'll holla. 
@jeweljk Gee...they are beautiful and look delicious...is there anything you don't do !?  
@jeweljk Have a good evening, happy Mom's day. 
@jeweljk have an awesome day !  have fun in the studio - my husband records me singing - although on a somewhat smaller scale 
@jeweljk I LOVE THE SONG YOU POSTED ON YOUR SITE!!! I really really really do.I can picture it being a hit single. ahhh. jewel, love it. 
@jeweljk If u ever do another lo-fi acoustic record, this should definitely be included.  http://tinyurl.com/ll8eaa
@jeweljk I've been listening to some of your older songs...you are so talented! I would LOVE to have the chance to write with you someday 
@jeweljk LOVE the songs you think to add on the new album  Think about moon over Austin. ItÂ´s a precious song! Hope you have fun, Kari
@jeweljk Thanks for having over 500 tweets to us! You're so awesome! I just got over 500 as well..I'm sure 450 of them are to you. haha! 
@jeweljk The new country song is awesome! Can see a big country radio push for that one! Thx 4 sharing 
@JewellsAvenue u was about to b mad at me  hahah good morning!
@jeweln Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@JeweLRiLLera Woow. i like that.  drinking all day long.. hihi
@jewelrybyjanzia Been there, felt that way  Just take a deep breath and remember she's justa girl like you and me!!
@JewelryTVHost Thanks Heidi for the Recommendation . You ROCK 
@jewels_610 haha! Yea I enjoyed a few drinks earlier too. Kinda nice since I dont do that often!  
@jewels21092 Hey what's up? My name is Caleb and I'm your newest follower!!! 
I'm dead tired. But.. I like it. 
i'm dedicating my 15,000th tweet to &lt;3  oh yeah, romantic huh?
i'm definately like this weather 
im deleting my twitter right now. byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Im deleting some programs off my computer so I can create more space for future downloads 
I'm designing and producing. 
im determined to slarm around my house and eat egg sandwiches. and smoke a few bowls. sounds like a splendid evening to me 
I'm disappointed that we won't be going to Stonor tomorrow.  Looking forward to Deva Dubs &amp; Rods! 
I'm discovering twitter!!  But I have to do my ID today!
I'm dl-ing the hannah montana movie and 17 Again 
Im doing a cause in retail 
I'm doing a drawing contest right now  i'm doing a rendition of this picture http://bit.ly/7zUWG
I'm doing a live indie rock DJ set tonight in Metaplace at 9:00pm Pacific!  It might suck, but COME ANYWAY! 
Im doing a new Twiter friends picture tribute for this week  guess whis that friend ;D hehehe
I'm doing a trial run on @BlogTV - http://www.blogtv.com/people/mrsir2 It's only a trial so don't expect it to be good 
I'm doing a whole lot at once just the way I like 
I'm doing an advert 4 the Make-A-Wish foundation &amp; I can't find photos of kids looking close to death... that's a good thing for the kids 
Im doing better now than I ever was. This is getting over you. 
im doing better now!  this rain ain't bringing me down no more! (:
I'm doing homework right now  Scientific Research and Chemistry,whoaa )
I'm doing my homework  and my english is horrible! haha
i'm doing my nails.  I'm going with yellow now.    hehehe.
i'm doing my religion paper, what are you doing? lol, this is really weird, don't know why i made this, thanks cusma. haha 
I'm doing nothing today! Funnnnnnnnnn! 
i'm doing nothing.. hahaha 
im doing some GAMES now.. 
im doing well @lady_mimin96  how abt u?
I'm done for now. I need sleep. Goodnight everyone. 
im done my homework  for now =( ill go bak to it l8r
I'm done twitter, good nite 
I'm done with being sick! Flu you can go away now, Thanks 
im done with exams , exams &amp; school are so yesterday ! im having my holiday , coming back home in 2 days 
I'm done with high school and I am a LRCH 2009 alumni! 
I'm done with middle school in nine days, and I turn fourteen in five! 
Im done with my homework, finaly! Posso ir dormir agora  tweet tweet
i'm done with my research papers. now i'm going to get some sleep. so, bye! goodnight to all.! 
Im done work. yah for me! beautiful out so im only guna sleep alittle so i can enjoy the sunshine 
Im done!  party starts now.
I'm done! Kids are Awesome! Why do I get so nervous? 
I'm downloading a game, watching foxandfriends and just signed up with twitter 
Im downloading some songs 
I'm downloading songs on itunes right now ... any suggestions ?? i'm a rap//db girl, no country shit please 
I'm drawing again 
im drawing and dancing with penguins 
im drawing my teacher sea creatures instead of writing a paper. 
i'm dreading a long day of work tomorrow, but ready to watch them tigers beat arkansas' ass.  geaux tigers.
I'm drifting into a place where I am my own. Sleep  the best thing in the entire world &lt;3
I'm drinkin' Hawaiian Punch  watching WWE. I feel like a teenager again
i'm drinking flat pepsi that was left in my room all morning and listening to the new jonas bros cd. 
I'm drinking green tea.and its really yummy. 
Im driving home as the sun begins to rise  &amp; its beautiful 
I'm driving my JellyBean and eating them at the same time LOL dassss igggnant but cuuuze 
I'm drunk &amp; having a damn good time! Fuck everyone else its my fucking birthday! 
Im drunk. happy birthday to me 
i'm drunk....and going to bed!! Goodnight peoples 
Im dying not having my phone. I am tempted to walk home and get it but Im sure that I might not come back to work 
I'm dying to see the reaction on their faces  .. its going to be FUN gedan begad 
i'm eatin' my lunch  brb hunZ x3
im eating a brouwnie taste good !!! 
im eating a cherry flavoured fun dip 
I'm eating a flake storm from hungry jacks. or as americans call it, burger king 
im eating a sandwich and drinking some orange juice! i guess u could say im eating breakfast! LOl! 
I'm eating and i'm drinking milk 
I'm eating ben &amp; jerry's and watching American Idol + I got in on that &quot;gymnasie&quot; that I wished for!!!!!! ;D 
Im eating Ben and Jerry's Half baked ice cream while thinking about my friend Jamie  (it's her fav) 
I'm eating blueberries and raspberries and grapes  and i feeeel healthy! hah!
I'm eating cheetos &amp; string cheese with apple juice! lol ..I know you're jealous 
I'm eating chinese with Binc 
im eating chips w/ guacamole  yummy...
I'm eating Cocoa Puffs for breakfast  http://twitter.com/ewwitsclare/statuses/1835973597
im eating cocopuffs and a pbnj samich 
I'm eating egg-whites right out of the pan 
I'm eating Fita Biscuit-crackers with Chicken sandwich spread and pickles.  love it!
I'm eating goldfish  The colorful kind. Can't wait till tommorow! Missing Brynne &amp; Katie and all my other Besties [Missing Jackie &amp; Mimi]
im eating moonlight cookie. BUT im done watching na. 
I'm eating purple yum right now and it so delicious! 
i'm eating snacks and drinking orange juice  yumm!
im eating some new york homemade mac and cheese my momma made me! 
Im eating some o O  OREOS!! i love em 
i'm eating to much chocolat seriously 
Im eating yogurt 
im eatting  cake batter ice cream yumm  ill send it through the net to share it 
I'm enjoying a quiet Saturday with my beasties.  
im enjoying all the sites the internet gives me , ive got like..  3 tabs each on all of 3 windows . so cool and so buzy !  .
Im enjoying her first day on twitter me thinks 
i'm enjoying hey monday's songs.  a lot like paramore but better, i guess. 
I'm enjoying my 3-day weekend 
I'm enjoying my nice pretty sunflower earrings I got from etsy 
i'm enjoying my orange juice with friends 
I'm enjoying my tiny ice cream with a tiny spoon 
Im enjoying the beautiful sunshine 
I'm enjoying the sunny day 
I'm enjoying this Sunday very much. No parents. No revision. Just like any other Sunday 
I'm enjoying your new album, TBS. 
I'm evidentally influencing his family, they sent us to the store to make a huge salad for dinner.  
Im exciiiitttteeeed  todays gonna be a good day.
i'm excited ! Next sunday i'm 15! 
i'm excited about my birthday now  cause enter shikari are touring in october so hopefully my parents will pay for some of my tickets (yn)
I'm excited about tuesday 
I'm excited cause Rene's family makes it so easy to be. They're getting all ready and shiit. Haha. 
I'm excited for another week, but also cautious. Just gotta take it a day at a time. 
I'm excited for barcelona =] I can't wait to hit up Angels and Kings Barca  you should all be jealous 8-)
im excited for new moon  i cant wait 5 months!! lol
im excited for the new week, good for fresh starts 
I'm excited for the show to start. Chris is Automation Head and I am Fly Crew Head! I get two people up on the rail and so does Chris 
I'm excited for the Symphonics Live show tonight at the Bowery Poetry Club!   hopefully the rain will hold off
I'm excited for this week. One week until my birthdayyyy! 
Im excited like a little child... Itz gettin closer! ...she has2luv me 
I'm excited that I already found my roomie for next year! 
I'm excited that I found a friend from high school on myspace. I sent her a friend request tonite, I really hope she accepts. 
I'm excited that my new Kindle DX is on the way 
Im excited to make breakfast for these fockers 
I'm excited to see my parents later. 
i'm excited to spend the day watching movies with my beau 
I'm exhausted after working two 12 hour days at Blue Plum. Hope everyone had a great time! 
I'm exhausted, I just got out of bed and I need to start working on the Austin Lorin ad. Just sent the hubby out to get me some lunch 
I'm experimenting with the making of a bacon sandwhich 
im exploring my home xD (back from vacation!) Nice to be @ home!  
i'm extremely tired. @ashlee2326, i cant get on AIM this morning. i am going back to sleepydeeps and then to see NATM2 
I'm fairly certain that I dreamt of NOLA again. It's the only logical explanation when one wakes up w/the taste of beignets in the mouth. 
I'm falling asleep at the laptop.....time to call it a night.  Night everyone!  Good morning to others 
I'm falling asleep. Good nights 
I'm falling in love with Daryl Palumbo all over again. RAWRRRRRRR 
I'm falling in love with Kyu Hyun (SuJu) 
I'm featured today on www.askbabykid.com today.  That's so cool! 
im feelin good after work 
I'm feelin GREAT 2day!!! Dancin around like the Six Flags man 
I'm feelin' so g00d. 
Im feelin so mischievious! Muahaha! 
I'm feelin weird cuz i'm happy and sad. at least i have music to chear me up. btw- i'm writing a new song, its a ballad... 
I'm feeling a little bit like a preposition today...I am the link between a lot of things  
I'm feeling empowered today/tonight: I've decided to start reporting impersonated TWILIGHTers accounts!  (along w/ a msg to the fakers!)
I'm feeling extra sassy today 
I'm feeling extra-stupid today. My friends say so, my family say so, even I say so. I blame happiness. So, being happy makes you stupid. 
I'm feeling sleepy eyed. I'm going to call it a nite. Enjoy your evening and play nice while I'm gone! Until morning Good Night luvs! 
I'm feeling so happy and blessed 
im feeling so spoilt for choice of browsers on my windows machine  dont think any other app makes me feel this way !
I'm feeling very fortunate today. Great girls, great family, and a great Jon. I'm very blessed. Happy Mother's Day! 
I'm feeling very happy to be alone right now. 
I'M FEELING WEDDING-TASTIC!! Oh, god, the planning has spilled over to my mood descriptions!!  
I'm figuring out what to do next...  Stressed, tired but happy  does it makes sense?
im finally 18  yayyyy &lt;33
I'm finally a twitterer...now teach me everything i need to know 
I'm finally at home.. Hurray! Time to continue either reading the Hobbit or playing my DS. 
I'm finally awake! 
I'm finally awake! Now back to getting @peterfacinelli and  @gilbirmingham those well deserved followers 
Im finally done packing. Time to head back to brooklyn tomorrow! 
I'm finally feeling a little bit motivated to accomplish something. I'm tackling the mountains of laundry. What a great Saturday night! 
I'm finally first for #Google searching Dewism, Dewist, and Kindly do the needful.  Yay! 
I'm finally getting Animal Crossing:Wild World 
i'm finally going paint again 
I'm finally going to bed, everybody.. whatever you're doing, BE BLESSED!  
Im finally going to get a haircut 
I'm finally going to put some serious effort into learning #emacs. Let's see what all the fuss is about 
I'm finally going to sleep.. Goodnight everyone 
I'm finally headin 2 sleep now 
Im finally holding my new visa in hand 
Im finally home from work... Gotta be back @ 8... This sucks but time and a half is LOVELY!!!! 
I'm finally home! Taking a long shower.. 
I'm finally home! Thank the lord I can sleep in my own bed tonight 
I'm finally home!! 
I'm finally home. I bought the blouse I wanted! 
I'm finally home. Whew...that was a long drive from Malojloj to Talofofo  g'nite world!
I'm finally in Manhattan! So grateful! 
I'm finally just studying for one thing now. Then shower and beddybye time 
I'm finally off to bed - totally knackered  Night peeps!
I'm finally over myspace. I deleted my profile today. 
i'm finding out why i have a sun allergy today and how to make it go away! (hopefully...)  i miss @joshlewenthal 
I'm finding that typing with one hand is a bit more of a challenge than I expected it to be. 
Im fine also..up way to early..lol...soo those r all ur dogs? to kut3 ..i def want a pit! lol 
I'm fine and dandy 
I'm finishing up this proposal and these contracts and sending them to my Assistant Director for proofing &amp; distribution I feel so cool 
im finishing up watching the stuff I dvr'd... time for Dane Cook. Hope he looks hot and does well 
Im fixing supper. My husband just got in from work not too long ago. Im hungry 
i'm following 69 people. ;D how many people are YOU following? 
im following almost 1000 pretty girls... wht a pretty group 
I'm following every single main character from LOST. No, not the actors/actresses. The fictional characters. Does that make me a nerd? 
im following minho and hyunjoong!  even though i don't understand... FUCK CARES!
I'm following some seriously whacky people... and I like it 
I'm following the extremely sexy T'Pol from Star Trek, in this case Ms. Jolene Blalock.  - http://twitter.com/JoleneBlalock @JoleneBlalock
Im following white rabbit 
I'm forever the sickest kid  THe  name is thanks to Halie Swords, she made hers like that and all my normal usernames were taken. 
I'm fostering 6 kittens (6wks old)... anyone interested?? They're absolutely adorable! 
i'm freaken exhausted! vegas tomorrow to work w/ali our coordinator  yay! it's official... june 13th!
i'm FREAKIN excited for the new jobros album... forrealz. i just got REALLY excited. hahahha 
I'm freaking happy I found someone to watch the hangover with 
I'm FREE!  Time 2 start summer vacation!
I'm free!!!! yeeeii 
im FREE!!!!!!! 
I'm from a city in the Northeast, best city in the whole, wide, wide world 
im fuckeddddddddd:| OMGGGG. Apprentice final tonight just realised  saddest twitter ever ;]? x
I'm fucking alone in this big house  wie geil! so what could I do? hmm 
I'm full of info and need a few days to process... but tomorrow is work... hey, maybe monday 
I'm full up now 
I'm full. Kit Kat Swirl custard from Culver's. Need to ride a few extra miles tomorrow. 
I'm garn to @JessicaATK soon, in like an hour or something more. Don't care if she don't know 
I'm gd. I was busy ths week, so I was doing the same! I'm glad I get 2 C U. I hope everything is going gr8 4 U!  @glwallace
I'm getiing tired but I wanna keep talking to Allie 
I'm get'n married. Goooooood times 
i have to get up in like 5 hours. gah. night. tomorrow should be exciting  someone is cooking for me.how cute â™¥
I have to go ! I'll be doing some of my homeworks..  .. see yah twitterworld !! mwahh!
i have to go for a shower soon...then i have to relax for maths tomorrow!i actually have to say i feel quite confident about the test 
I have to go now - speak to you all later... In about 4 hours or so 
I have to go now. 
I have to go now. I'm very very tired so its time for bed. Nighty night all. Gnight and dream. Bye  
I have to go to bed. Getting up early to go to the gym and then its girls day 
I have to go to French...ugh...not now please?! Just let me do nothing. 
i have to go to school in like 7 minutes, but i can't wait til after because scott will be home 
I have to go to some stupid piano lessons or watch my sister dance... I don't want to, but oh well... See ya later.... 
I have to go to work. I'll tweet ya later.  Have a productive, profitable, blessed, and joyous day. 
i have to go.. my bro taking me the PC so.. see u latter! and @MyIdolsAlways dont be sad! 
I have to hol my ordner 
i have to say, life is pretty amazing 
I have to start getting ready for work n I can't stop watching prison break! Haha   http://myloc.me/2S8F
I have to start getting ready now.  see yahhh!!! 
I have to stop writing in Swedish or I'll lose my nice followers. Back on the international track 
I have to study and watch the mets game... i will probably pay more attention to the Mets though 
I have to take a fat poop I will be back in a sec luv u guys 
I have to tweet something cuz I don't want my update number to stay at #69.  Ya know! 
i have to unfollow some of you... but if you Follow @royalmixup, i'll follow you there... that's also me... i just can't keep up here.. 
I have to video my cats doing that.  I think my Bolha (Flea) is the champion. 
im getting a haircut today :O i havnt had a professional cut my hair in two years. im nervous and excited 
i'm getting a laptop for my bday...woo 
im getting a pink visa debit card! 
I'm getting a tattoo!  not sure what yet.
I'm getting back into @taylorswift13 again 
I'm getting back into the swing of things. Dug myself out from my hole and slowly starting to enjoy life again. Ain't it great 
i'm getting better at this tweeting thing, no? 
I'm getting close to being done packing... soon will need to get ready to head to Plan B, then the Cambie to see Marnie.   Any tag alongs?
I'm getting closer to the splits 
im getting dark &amp; fat! oh how i love hawaii  luau &amp; level 4 tonight.
i'm getting excited about dublinnnn! wow 
im getting good at this, level 58 
I'm getting in bed- good night everyone. 
I'm getting into bed because it's warmer there 
I'm getting know about twitter 
I'm getting mad as rabbits.  Anyway we must &quot;REINVENT LOVE.&quot;
I'm getting married in two weeks!! 
I'm getting more and more excited about the @LOOKthemovie contest the closer it gets to monday! OMG! 
I'm getting more college credit than i thought! 
i have too much time on my hands, i'm gonna go watch artificial intelligence  for the first time...
I have trained my Pandora Rock Station successfully to play an Offspring song almost every second time 
i have tweeted so much today, sorry people! loving the look of Jolicloud, having a look at some of the screenshots 
i have twitter and tweeter, status updated on facebook and now my dears its time for bed methinks...its been a long long day 
i have twitter, sooo i'm pretty damn cool now 
I have two awesome Harry Potter costumes I'm planning for 2007, but they aren't finished yet, unfortunately!
I have two invite codes for http://dreamwidth.org if anyone is interested let me know 
I have two things to say. Going to town to fix my phone. And when im back im gonna have a bbq 
I have unleashed a flock of purchase orders, staff opinion surveys and maintenance fixes at school. Off to the city for some RNR tonight 
i have unpacked most my stuff into new place, got Xbox set up now too, thats all i really need 
I have used her for many months now, for many articles   http://is.gd/JxM8
I have Vampire Knight  music!!!  I feel very special..
i have wan picture with you and with josh, i'am the crazy girl thats say &quot;haayley i love yoou&quot;in your concert in 2007 nagoya  haha
I have wasted way too many hours this weekend on Infamous. Had a blast mind you, but now the weekend's gone. 
i have what i want  i think i'll be fine this way.. i think i have all i need 
i have wifi in my new pad! ..other than that, i have nothing so if anyone is getting rid of anything, call me first  445-3101
I have wireless again  but I really don't want to do the essay and study that is needed. The holidays will be wicked though!
I have wonderful friends, thanks for cheering me up last night! 
I have wwaaaayyyy more updates than you's 
I have your cigarettes right here. 
I have zero day left till I go back to school tomorrow 
I have... sticker and $7 change from Igor &amp; Skindiggers / Hearsemen / PMPR... tomorrow I meet guido-rehab-muscle-guy. WEIRD weekend. 
I haven't @ replied @AlexAllTimeLow for 2 days!  I sure hope he forgives me 
I haven't been here lately: been enjoying my &quot;offline&quot; life. 
I haven't been on here all day! MY ROOMMATE IS ENGAGED  so exciting
I havent been on here for a while. A bit addicted to Facebook ! 
I haven't been on here in forever! sincere apologies twitter 
i havent been on twitter on twitte for a while  back in the business 
I haven't been out in such a long time! Good times at Vanilla tonight! 
i havent been twittering latley.... that will stop tomorrow 
i haven't done acting classes in two weeks! excited for monday 
I haven't done anything all day. Well, nothing productive. I just put more pics up on my MySpace. 
I haven't done anything today. Preordered The Sims 3! Going to study for the dreaded SAT now. Then watching the MTV Movie Awards! Woooo. 
I havent failed! just found a bajillion ways that don't work! 
I havent flat ironed my hair n 4eva . . . . I think I will 2morw? Dont hate beeches! 
I haven't given my wife @chylton a Follow Friday shoutout yet. I hope she can handle losing another Scrabble game tonight.  #followfriday
I haven't had a drink in 2 years 
I haven't had the internet at home for a while now and I can't say I miss it...at all. lol. It is nice to have some quiet time. 
I haven't had this much fun over the phone in a while.&lt;3 I like how the world around me seems to suck, but she makes me not care. 
i havent really been tweeting that much :/ but im going to start tweeting again  tonight is shaping up to be cold.
I haven't showered, changed clothes or left my computer for nearly three days. Time to go for a walk and then deodorize 
I haven't slept but I am all packed  I'm going to make a quick atm stop and then get my eye brows done. After that I'm heading to JFK!
I haven't slept more than 30 minutes in the past 2 days...so tired. Must sleep. Haha. Night 
I haven't slept more that 4 hours in 2 days. It hits me most, when I'm driving  watch out!!!
I haven't slept since Friday afternoon!!!  wooT *passes out*
I haven't stepped out of my house in the last 40 hours. I'm suffocating.  My soft feathery horny kitty is following me 
I haven't tweeted all day because Ive been out, then I came home and died. 
I haven't tweeted all day. I had a bad day,but now im going to sleep 
I haven't tweeted in a while. I thought I would tweet. 
I haven't tweeted in years. Hi Twitter! I'm gonna go mow that lawn! 
i haven't twittered in 4 days. im pleased with my self control  just saw UP, it was a really good movie!
i haven't twittered in forever. lol. but i left school early b/c it was so BORING! bahaha. mall tomorrow with school! yessh! hah... 
I haven't watched Degrassi in forever, but since Cassade Pope is in this one, I might just have to 
I haven't watched Hot Rod in two months, so I'm watching it now! 
I haven't watched it yet, tell me if I'm dorky 
I haven't watched the Disney Channel in awhile xD All I've been watching is NCIS, ABC Family (11am-1pm), Family Matters,&amp;Home Improvement 
i haz a follower 
i he been birthed into the world of twitter.... now what do i do ? 
I hear an owl 
I hear and smell bacon sizzlin' in the pan 
I hear just the song ' guy love' from scrubs... the best song by scrubs ... it's guy love between two guys 
i hear movement on the other side of my wall..... i think its almost time to leave 
i hear music and watting to we shall have something to eat !  thats will be awesome xD
i hear nerds are the way to go.. so im going nerd hunting today 
I hear PS3 is getting a setup that allows you to use a new type of controller like the Wii! I think it was at E3... I cant wait! 
I hear soundcheck. 
I hear the birds chirping, good morning friends 
I hear the ice cream man!!!!!!!  and its actually going slow!! 
I hear the pitter-patter of tiny feet.  maddy's up!  lata  
I hear the Universe asking me, &quot;Are you ready?&quot;, and my answer is, &quot;I'm Ready!!!!&quot;~Thank You!!!   
i hear thunder. i love this weather. 
i heard a rooster 
I heard Brie is going to release another album! Hope itÂ´s true 
I heard David Beckham is returning to the LA Galaxy mid-July? Good! God knows the soccer gods for the Galaxy need him 
i heard No Boundaries on the radio a while ago.  
I heard of him becuz hes up in coming never actually heard his music, until now he's pretty Good. I'm On Wale's Train lol 
I heart BBC nature documentaries 
I heart cartoons!  (via #zenjar )
I heart chuu chasers 
I heart City Car Share for getting me a lot of great places today 
I heart custard 
i heart dance. 
I heart facebook.. i think i found my half brother on it 
i heart korean music. you gotta check out davichi's 8282. it's mellow at the start but turns upbeat during the chorus. it's fun! 
i heart lazy sundays 
i heart Ms. A.... she's my fwiend 
I heart my #24 All-Star!! 
i heart my dvr! im a celebrity get me outta here. then beddy by! ps lime sherbert owns my soul! 
I heart shelby sweat  she eats more than me and likes cagefighting!
I heart the Brewers 
I 'heart' thunderstorms 
I hella want a lancer now. Thanks John for letting me drive it 
I helped an old lady cross the road. 
I here finally ! Watching Making The band 4 
I here the thunder and see the lighting at just about the same time. On top of that, I feel the house jolt, too! 
I hereby announce that I am... employed! Couldn't be happier, Alhamdulillah! 
i hid under your porch because i love you. [up] watch it if you haven't yet 
I highly reccomend screening of these tweets... @thechristinakim is now on twitter 
I highly recommend Malcolm Gladwell's 'The Tipping Point.' My next audiobook will probably be one of his as well.
I highly recommend 'the boat that rocked' fking awesome film 
@jewels37 The partying, sex, drugs and rock are very uninteresting to talk about, only really fun to experience directly 
@jewels919 Sending you some good vibes to sort it all out 
@JewelsD Thank you!! 
@JewelsLand I think your dedication deserves some goodies  Could I mail you some stickers or something? DM me w/ your addy.
@JewelsLB Thanks for the #followfriday! 
@jewelsmart nice 2 c the cute baby 
@Jewelsmyfav thanks!! I made it!!  that's a good sign my fluid might just be low but the preowned tl is looking real good right now! 
@JewelStaite Happy birthday, Jewel! Now I have Nasty Boys stuck in my head (which is perfectly fine) 
@jewelstruck Thank you, Thank you!!!  
@Jewelz13 maybe they haven't given all of them away today. #squarespace 
@jewgonewild dude... SO FRUSTRATING!!! but i'm ok 
@jewlicious And of course you didn't do the right thing to have B think better of you... but maybe B will stop being the a**hole! 
@jewphish I will try and find it online because that was on someones PSP at college before 
@jewphish It is brilliant 
@JeyOfSoulDiggaz did you want me to send you a flyer to the show too? 
@JeyOfSoulDiggaz yay!!  im glad u like!!thats my girl,back in the college day we used2 work 2gether, i still try 2 as much as i can
@jeyowenji I have anorexic tendencies 
@jeyyounit11 only someone gay would eww you!!!  lol
@jezdez It has been in the port tree for quite a while now. I merely updated it to version 0.4 
@Jezebel816 he was in the movies when you called, then he came home and went to bed, he was hurtin w back and leg. try to call him today. 
@jezebel9 Good for you.    I save worms too...usually take them out to the garden or the compost pile.   
@jezebelexpress Hey there!!  Just saw your tweet. I'm on my way downtown. Will be there from 7 - ?? You still in the area?
@jezfuk something like that... Now I can skip exercising for the rest of the year 
@Jezhughes Great  Sounds like he's doing well. Just been chasing a gecko round the kitchen - fun and games 
@jezkemp yay!  excited?
@jezlyn I will see about sending it to flickr. I am caffeinejunky there, of course 
@jezlyn thanks 
@Jezriyah  You don't have to. Currently playing. Live but still good, yes?
@Jezriyah, settin' 'em up and knockin' 'em down, huh? 
@jezziT ...and you didn't invite me?? 
@Jezzy14 happy belated bday jess 
@jf_kennedy ; alrighty 
@JF_Kennedy how are you doll? 
@JF10 I donï¿½t now. Estoy usando Street View  en Maps y anda lindo 
@jf11 good night  hope u had a great weekend with ur son 
@jf131822 megan, stop thinking like that! you're a beautiful person, inside and out and any guy would be lucky to have you. so quiet down 
@JFabb Ahaha!! I have all of your albums.  Each stuff of your music is so beautiful! That's why I am so in love with them. 
@jfaulken Sadly my caffeine addiction is too far gone for that  Particularly when jetlagged...
@Jfavreau @firedancergirl I guess that's is 
@Jfavreau @TheProspectpark I'm still here 
@Jfavreau Nope!  Still have a ways to go.  Washing is just about done, but now the drying begins. 
@Jfavreau Well we got the goods (sometimes) Red Wings provide it most of the time   Thanks for reading and commenting!
@Jfavreau your gonna give me score updates right?  LOL
@jfer32075 thanks 
@jfhuj A little, I slept most of the last 24 hours which helped. Thanks for asking 
@jfhuj And it's late so if that didn't make any sense, I am sorry 
@JFilms  lol Im still thinking about your fav film.. pretty woman, no jaws lol I mean American Beauty btw freakin great film!
@JFilms Hi, I'm following a lot of Filmmakers, directors, actors, producers and the list goes on  Nice to meet you!
@JFilms I don't think we'd follow if you weren't equally nice to tweet to! You're welcome and thanks right back at you 
@JFilms RE: so the thugs know whats coming at them 
@jfitzth2 Hahaha yes mam! That sounds like fun!! And actually Chipotle's bowls are pretty darn healthy. 
@JFizzo i knoooow  dead exciteddd
@jfjvaneijk It was indeed a nice ride. A friend of me said he wanna join next time. So next time to Muiden for a terrace and back 
@jfkjohan yeay yeay 
@jfmecca not one of our vendors. i won't say who. go to www.wral.com and watch 5 on your side/restaurant reviews. 
@jfnord i've already signed on to help, if there's a case, i have the papers.. 
@jfnord yup, he is the one, if he pushes for it, i'm here to help.. 
@jfowl My next RBC project is on the 31st 
@jfreake hey, a guy can always try! 
@jfritsche Is that really such a bad thing?   I've found it quite good recently.
@jfritsche Wife and I went to NY to see Ave. Q for our anniversary. It is a great show, no matter how wrong it is 
@JFTanner Hehe &quot;meet Virginia.&quot; clever. glad you made it safely. 
@jfulldotcom don't you mean WORST Spike Lee movie ever? I hate grammatical errors lol 
@jfyne Nice! Love that movie, though not as much as you. 
@jg_65 omg. we're totally playing the healthy cruise ship cocktails game this weekend. i hope you have those 3 foot tall cups and straws 
@JG_SavvisCTXEng @dotsndots @RussPitcher it's all about the doughnuts 
@JG95 I got it  3 stock no items ok with you? 
@JGallag thanks for the advice. fluid intake is ok, and i also just became guardian of the chocolate basket at work. survival is likely 
@jgallo10 Well if you think you've got it tough, look at @froah's status... Ouch! LOL  The both of you will make it out alive, I promise!
@jgbittersweet hahaha. you're right.  thanks huh. iloveyou so much :*
@jgboghos Thanks a bunch! Good luck tomorrow 
@jgbuckner - &quot;calculating&quot; has such a manipulative feel to it... 
@JGDavila don't forget about kickin it with me! 
@JGDemas ah, gotcha. well, i'm certainly excited to make the acquaintence of a Beatle...even an unofficial one. 
@JGDemas Awww... Thank you! Too bad it's not the pic I REALLY wanted... Maybe next time. Happy Friday 
@JGDemas Dang, took the question right out of my mouth 
@JGDemas Good morning sir.  Happy Anniversary  
@JGDemas I agree 
@JGDemas I found it amusing 
@JGDemas It doesn't work any other way, ever.. 
@JGDemas tormented? poor baby. you need some attention then  GOOD attention 
@JGDemas ur always welcome.. 
@JGDemas you're back! we thought we lost you 
@jgehlbach full color all over after this heals, stargate effect will surround the turtle, lots of work still to go 
@JGFMK thanks for the twits and linkedin invite, gonna update the #xwiki plugin with macro support soon, been working on a #gae app 
@jgg0610 Happy for you man   The more people who feel that way the better!
@jggube Heh, @dropbox is great. Just that I would like the 2GB bumped to 3-4GB. 
@jghull thanks for writing the article  Especially liked the &quot;Unless youï¿½re one of the big boys&quot;-part. So logical, but never thought of it
@jgillen We missed you guys this morning!  Hope everyone gets back to feeling better soon! 
@jgippe You must be getting the bomb deal on your phone then with all the ubertwittering 
@jgmckeil-  Lamontagne is great... but what do you mean exactly by &quot;get busy too? 
@JGoldsborough I bought 2 phones as promised  I'm addicted. I can't wait for more apps - best gadget I've ever owned by far
@JGONeill Cabaret is the most fantastic musical on this planet! I've seen about ten versions of it and been it in twice! 
@jgoode I expanded to several a few years back trying to make up in ubiquity what I lack in website skills. 
@JGoood Count me in Mr.Grill'em 
@jgranseth come to dady 
@jgraves12 @kristinha    ohh let the twitter romance begin.... 
@jgraypaulo It's ok, ma, no one understands me 
@JGroothedde It's a pleasure Jenny! I am now a bit sick of resting - time to get back to normal i think  Have a great day x
@jgtakethatfan said it all interview lol gary will be ok he's done heartbeat 
@jguadagno: Just went there last night.  Love the bean dip 
@jguinn - That sounds like an interesting call!!  #pharmacy software
@jguy5991 that's awesome- you're going to the school you want and you're not going to be in debt 
@jh3y thanks for waiting  you're a sweetheart.
@JhaBaby  wish I can send it to ya for reals
@jhabibi918 can we say matching linens, shower curtain, towels, highballs, tumblers, stemware, and plates?! Now all I need is the house! 
@jharsem Nice that you''ve changed your avatar so we know what you look like 
@jhatfiel  Picked up 2   No problems upgrading a little early.
@jhawke hope the rest of the trip goes smoothly. And also, I GOT YOUR MAIL! ZOMG!  
@jhawkguy Sounds pretty awesome really, except for that &quot;for one&quot; part. 
@jhawkguy that's what I was thinkin!   Will keep them eyes open.   or not!
@jhayjhaze I (heart) Tomato too! My favorite shirt from more than a decade ago was a Tomato 
@jhayR07 hey daddy!! how sweet of you..  i was surprised after reading this message.. and it made me smile..  i love you so much..
@jhayu For @pinstormer's completion of 5 yrs 
@jhayu ooo.. @ideasmithy was there too! nice 
@JHBPRINCESS No problem. I shall add you to receive my next blog update which will include the magic password. 
@jhcanby i was sick that night sorry...but it looks like i got the sand out and karma got your tonsils after mine, haha 
@jhd11965 http://tasty-bytes.blogspot.com/ Balsamic Vinegar Mango Salad &amp; Grilled Lemon Shrimp Kabob recipes 
@jhdoyleii  Well, well, I finally get to see you who you are 
@jhdrr2 Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeteradder.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@jhemmann yep I saw that one....can't freaking wait!!! 
@jhemz_rockchic hey thnx for the add 
@JheneAiko Look at my baby!!!! 
@JheneAiko night precious 
@jheneaiko Yes it has hahahahaha. I will see u tomorrow 
@jhenry47 @thebraysmommy  night
@Jhermin @jillilah and have I mentioned that I am now also following @penn_?  Ch-ch-check him out.
@jhgagle *hands new man card*... it's okay... it was THAT good.  
@jhgagle He's fine. But he still needs the gimmick 
@jhicks  i will think of you on Sunday!   Who are you by the way?  i am Val.
@jhillstephens Aaaw, that's nice 
@jhillstephens been around the block a few times...just had the feeling that was ur song  
@jhillstephens he's flapping his piano  http://bit.ly/eVgZA   (d'you know this song? )
@jhillstephens Jep, lots of smiling here today 
@jhillstephens Oh, 90F is pretty hot, isn't it? HAVE FUN!!  *jealous*
@jhnsbbgrl As soon as I read it I broke out into a chorus! LOL 
@jhnsl8r @barrysnedden YUMMY!  Who fancies 1 then? I'll need to find somewhere in Dumfries that can beat it 
@jhoggie You don't need photon torpedos, just blast past them using evasive action while hitting warp speed! 
@JHolty 
@jhouseparty Bat for Lashes, Santigold, Lykke Li, M.I.A., Amy Winehouse remix, Kate Bush; represent the grrlz 
@JHouston89 no excuse for not keeping websites growing and breathing now 
@jhoysi @nicolekrug Ok, I've registered for it, too. Party ON! hehe 
@jhs2 aww.. thanks! 
@jhs2 damn right 
@jhtboyzl7 Get 100 followers a day using www.tweeterfollow.com Once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip 
@jhuddly its trying to haha. I'm still hoping for that storm!! 
@jhummrich thats because you've seen the episodes back to back, you have a different view on the show than me 
@JHVanOphem - now your question! &quot;Brain chemistry has significant influence on suicide&quot;, will check what data there is... 
@jhybe Thx. 
@ji_ric Morning! Have a great week u to  All good over there?
@jialin_ye good work last night dude 
@jiamiin - happy birthday! x have a blast! dinner when you're back ok? 
@jiangqiu Is it then rude to sunbathe while she's working? 
@jiannmeng Not as bad that you're the odd one. 
@jiao_tu i guess so.   my own little steve mcqueen. 
@jiaxin I did!!! We should meet up    I has a tiny little thingy for you, ha ha 
@jiayongou yeah read abou this one. But I don't want to go with Adobe AIR... thanks anyway! 
@jiayu95 Omg. Is Katy Perry in Japan! And Zac Efron is there too! If you get to meet them, get their autograph for me! Haha! 
@JIDF So then, SPRINT will likely get my business if they follow through. 
@Jiehsikahhh and if you find anything out let me knowww 
@JieYingEvandrea yes, definitely 
@jigardoshi Although this should not affect my opinion, I just wanted to state I'm currently in office hours 
@jigardoshi neah.. i wish! just reminiscing  read the post in my last tweet ...
@jiggityjames Lauren's not going, well she said maybe cuz she's having Chris' thing. But would love to see ya there on Sat! 
@jiggleaud @Jayme1988 is always a gentleman. You've taught him well Mom 
@jiggleaud hi thanks for that have a good day yourself 
@JIGGYMUZIK well next time I'm craving Bon chon this bad ill let you know 
@jigitz A Euro for an hour isnt bad 
@JiJi87 hope everything goes perfect for you 
@JiJi87. Thanks a lot 
@jikam awesome  I got an SMS last week saying someone was interested in sponsoring our mirror hardware - but no response since.
@jikido me me!  sounds like fun 
@jilanak  lol - we just stick w it &amp; try to be authentic. I lose followers whenever I tweet music, but sometimes still gotta tweet music! 
@jill http://twitpic.com/7he8b - Did he lick the camera afterwards? Looks like he wanted to! 
@Jill_HW a very english name, by trade a fear - and thanks  I enjoyed giving the presentation today on personal branding for consultants..
@Jill_HW: haha, you caught me... liveblogging 
@jill777 morning! i just sent you an email 
@jill777 Morning! I saw that! Ridic!  Not only insane but stupid, esp in this weather! So glad we don't have to do that! 
@Jillaayy its way less than 7 days. woot!!! almost in the clear  [huge smiles]
@JiLLaCute94 hiii.... add me on yahoo na..... ma id is in ma updates.... 
@JillAlexandra old school, new school... Doesn't matter as long as your true school. 
@jillallyn dancing while house cleaning is very healthy choice both mentally and physically.  
@JillAPower I started running today. 2.7 miles. Aiming for 3 tomorrow. A slow start. 
@Jillavieve Good 4 U! Make ur own job + LOVE ur work! I can help u reach people online: Promote urself! &gt;&gt; http://sn.im/homebased-jobs-ff 
@jillbrasfield LOL-Who are you kidding? Let's see, the clothes of two humans or the clothes of the Brasfield brigade? No freaking way! 
@jillerina yeah  you must live quite near me then haha
@jillesdotcom Sorry... German or English ? 
@jillfhenderson just finished some cereal with E and we are missing you already 
@Jillfoster Thanks Jill. 
@jillhanner http://twitpic.com/6rx0t - I like the lighter hair color and the necklace is shiny. Have fun! 
@jillhanner Looking BEAUTIFUL Jill! You got Style from here to a Mile! 
@jillian65 r u walking there?  
@jilliancyork @kaitfoley interesting choice. I love her 2nd album but her 1st was just SO london 
@jilliancyork I'll be trying that out here in the next week as well, since I'll be traveling soon I want to send pics to twitter 
@jilliandanner I'm going to bring you a binder to fill with recipes. In my opinion, you're the best housekeeper ever! 
@Jilliandanner No prob... I'm all sweaty from work...  Eli's not going gotta get some hmwk done.
@jilliandee Heyy Jillian whats up?? going to London again today  hehe lols doing much today?? =]
@jillianlillian aweee im sure the fridges at Weber miss you too!! 
@jillianmess good morning 
@JillianMichaels How did you know I needed to lose 50 pounds? The joke's on you. I have less than 25 to go 
@jillianp looks like you crashed twitter with that tweet. 
@JillianValentin Oh wow, thats a late night. I was on those hours last week lol. 
@JillianValentin stop downplaying your fame and stardom.  
@jilliebfree Here it is!!! http://zoelifestyle.com/timothycarter Let me know what you think! 
@JillKathleen  You are rockin the audio as usual! 
@JillKathleen Great job on the 10k and the video! 
@JillMac78 Have a good night and good day tomorrow. Not sure how much I will be on, have a party to go to! 
@JillMac78 I know I saw that!   He answered a couple of mine the 2nd game! That is awesome!
@Jillmz oh thanks! how 'bout u just rickroll me now  worst earworms frm college days &quot;Mandy&quot; &amp; &quot;Copacabana&quot; - were on radio all the time!
@jilloatmeal this seasons pretty amazing, the 1st one with the jonas brothers was Classic 
@JillSandwich Hope you get the hang of it soon, i just followed you hun  xxx
@jillspeaking re: &quot;Nautical but nice&quot;. I totally coined that term   Well I'm convinced I did, anyway
@jilltxt Good luck on your paper, a good one! Added an example about http://playfoursquare.com/ - gps based social tool 
@Jillus Well to be fair the other way, most emo boys look like girls IRL. 
@jillwhalen - Maybe you need a USB flash drive to save your drafts on 
@JillWhitfield Ahahaha! I didn't either! I totally forgot until you just said something about it! Oh well. 
@jillyanmurphy  In a parallel univers(ity)
@jillybean986 Thanks we hope you get a chance to try them soo, they are high quality, made in the USA and available at a great price 
@jillybonner okay you wish... honestly, i missed fighting over joe with you 
@JillyCL Hi, Jilly!  
@JillyCL I know 
@jillygg haha happy birthday back at you twinnie 
@jillygg shhh me too.. have been making cherry tree.. tried needle felting.. LOVE!! need tools to do it properly.  on my list.
@JillyO yesss it is...i c it  funny
@JillyWisdom Love that you grouped me with Paula Abdul as we both attended the same high school (not at the same time). 
@JillyWisdom THNX for the WOOF!  Right back atcha! ;)
@jillzaa thanx! 
@Jillzarin Hola Bella, any hint as to if Kellamity will be on next season??? Also your the fabbest one on there 
@Jillzarin NO flashing, just a flash of teeths.  Are you presenting??
@Jillzey you're welcome! I think we have a similarly warped sense of humor.  
@JillzWorth @jaxxvsyou Hi! 
@jillzyyyx OMG!? I want to see those movies too  can't wait for them =D
@jillzyyyx Your Welcome! 
@JilNelson So cool. http://www.picnik.com/ Choose &quot;nightvision&quot; and go green to support peeps in Iran 
@jilster Hi!! Is Twitter so complicated?? I think Facebook isn't hard. 
@jim_herd http://twitpic.com/6cp5q - Great picture! 
@jim_nilson Ohh - that's good.  
@Jim_R_Allen I'm looking forward to your surface port of the learning platform 
@jim_turner connect w/ @seesmic for help on lists. I stopped using lists/groups 
@JIM287 Good morning!!!!!! 
@Jim4 That's probably a good idea. 
@jima6636 cool its nice 
@jima6636 I like the super mid badge better than the stars jim 
@JimAlger Exactly the kind of answer I expected, you truly are awesome  
@JimAlger We could do a &quot;Pimp My Tweeples&quot; segment for ya, but it sounds rather, um...racy...   Not sure it would fly!
@JimandKelly Hi there. Did you draw that little avatar you have? You make such a cute couple. 
@JimAyson are you apa's batch/contemporary? 
@JimAyson if you can help, we can make it happen. 
@JimAyson oh yeah. my bad! 
@JimAyson unless there would be people from the other telco among the guests? 
@JimBarker Goodnight. Thanks for the responses 
@JimBarker True. They are also usually middle-class   My point is - what's wrong with pressure?  Poor likkle kiddies. Must protect 'em
@jimbofin with cats it could be even worse 
@Jimbotown Hey, just watched the video you posted on your site!  Thanks for the plug!  Hope you're happy with the final interview 
@jimbowoodIII go spikey &amp; maybe a more sandy blonde!!!  I think it'd look hot esp. when we get hitched =p
@jimbulian  Just to inform you that next year will be  Portland Trailblazers 
@JimCastilloKOMO you too!! 
@jimccarson Aw man thanks Jim  #followfriday
@JimCim and my bank won't shut down - I have had 8 in the past 19 years but only opened one account; they keep getting acquired by others 
@Jimcolombo Thank you. Yes, it's hard to hide the smile. 
@jimcourier Just hope he gets 2 his shots late, 2 &amp; ur in there! 
@JimDuncan I can' believe you would ask just &quot;anyone&quot;  here it is http://bit.ly/P4tG
@jimeh i thought it was gbc and open coffee? 
@jimgoldstein Thanks Jim, see you around with more tweets from the blog. 
@jimh Couldn't possibly comment on the design of their sit, but it should be on the right hand side toward the bottom. 
@jimhandi Thanks Jim.  How are you? Got anything fun planned this weekend?
@jimhandi Tweetin it up a bit.. having fun.. enjoying the weekend 
@JimHawkinsBBC - Daft Fish &amp; Chip shop names: &quot;The Frying Scotsman&quot; in Glasgow - &quot;Ernieï¿½s Plaice&quot; in Swanley..I wonder how many more? 
@jimhender Congratulations!!!!    So exciting!
@JimHendrie67 hahaa jimm hello for the second time today 
@JimHendrie67 not too bad jim  yourself?
@jimhirshfield actually, if reports are true and latest flu originated with manure pits in mexico, you're not far off the mark 
@JimHolmes Gee, thanks! 
@JimHunt @VincentHunt @StaciJShelton Good morning 
@JimHunt Rocking on!  How's yours Jim?
@Jimi77 Pimms and undercooked burnt meat. Heaven 
@jimijamison I'll keep checking your myspace for a tour date near the Carolina's.  I really would love to hear you sing live again! 
@jimilee73  You know there could be a highth difference;or some lame excuse like that 
@jiminthemorning  loving the music again tonight, better go and check my dinner isn't burning 
@jiminthemorning aaah I see, I had a look today when I parked on the car park nearby, thank you 
@jiminthemorning I'll do it if Karen will 
@jiminthemorning Thank you for the follow! 
@jimissa hey missa whats up w/u homie 
@jimjfletcher like I said, tell him I'll cut him a great deal to watch it for him 
@jimjonescapo  what's ghetto is when the durag color doesn't match ur outfit Lol
@jimjonescapo i sure did darling. Blessings be upon you tweet jones 
@jimjonescapo Whats up back to you dude!! 
@jimkerr09 A fantastic song from Ike and Tina. I was dancing around the room. Love the video to that too. 
@jimkerr09 And wow, it was 20 years ago now!  Great to hear you still top of your game. Will try to make it to Berlin/Munich &amp; say hello.
@JimKitzmiller Holy Cow, you shaved!!  
@JimKitzmiller I love your tweets Jim. They R always so timely &amp; say exactly what I need to hear on that day.  We're synchronised. 
@jimlee00 awww, thanks... 
@jimlee00 Cool, i never worked with Scott, only Denton, i'll have to say Hi 
@jimlee00 giants fan here - last nites game stings for sure - but I agree about dodgers! what's that saying - &quot;enemy of my enemy ...&quot; 
@jimlee00 Ofcourse the 24h Walmart has it. You could also grab some food, furniture, clothes books, plant, guns....... 
@jimlee00 Sometimes nothing satisfies more than a southwestern eggroll... or whatever that is 
@jimmac: kind of looks like clearlooks. would be cool to have #blender inherit the gtk theme, but scalable 
@JimMacMillan I should have noted when I first looked at the hawk chicks, they were just fuzzy white things - now they have pattern! 
@JimMacMillan sounds like heaven 
@jimmahan Nice to meet you Jim! Look forward to tweets 
@JimMcKeeth Great video, keep them coming 
@JimMcKeeth Well, I would be interested in seeing that.  If you ever need any help with the videos, let me know 
@jimmiejad I love you 
@JimmieJones awww really thanks  im a baby but i am a lady or at least i try
@jimmietryon Also, I'm an open source developer so It kind of makes sence to have at least a Linux partition on here. 
@jimmietryon I see  Thanks, Jimmie! I might try it when I get home. Although I don't have other twitter-like accounts to integrate hehe 
@jimmietryon never liked the option, windows is just a waste of drive space 
@Jimmmy2 Glad you enjoyed the rehearsals. Don't worry about new bosses. They always have to mark their territory. Probably OK really.  
@jimmoran Problems with OS X on the Aspire One so far: no sleep &amp; can't shut fan off. You can do both on Windows 7 
@jimmrowe sounds good  I have to clean the piggys put a a rats. May play on the wii abit, bit of wii fit, and sort out my make up! Whoo!!
@jimmski too true. We've all got a bullet with our name on somewhere out there. Might as well laugh about that fact. Off to mow a lawn 
@Jimmy_Chen26 It's a &quot;holiday&quot;? haha.. I'm a good girl and I don't celebrate 420. 
@Jimmy_Saunders nothing hopefully  Look forward to a review of the film
@JimmyBurney Awesome! YES! Please do! Was tellin' people bout y'all earlier....Stay close, and I got'cha if u need me to spread da word! 
@jimmycarr Helllo  You Ok? New To Twitter, Thought Id Follow You!  Hope You Dont Mind  x
@jimmycarr Hey jimmy  you alright x
@jimmycarr http://twitpic.com/6aqi5 - Love the ceiling. But love you more. 
@jimmycarr http://twitpic.com/6gl27 - Good to see 
@jimmycarr im coming to your show in Soton today  you should try a brill restaurant - its called Nicks, and its opposite Debenhams! 
@jimmycarr No doubt you lost! 
@jimmycarr ooh err top of harvey N's nice lunch?  .... enjoy the manchester sun  I am today !
@jimmycarr who won??? 
@jimmycarr yes! Can't wait! 
@jimmycarr you're funnier than jack black, don't worry 
@jimmyconway8 ahaha lol great idea! 
@jimmydevery Grats! 
@jimmydouglas Thanks! I'll have to have you guys over once we have furniture. 
@jimmyeatworld http://twitpic.com/7hpxi - whao! back of yer head looks great! 
@jimmyfallon 
@jimmyfallon and by the way you are awesome Jimmy!! It's been a great show the last couple weeks. 
@jimmyfallon Awesome!  I couldn't quite tell what I was hearing in the distance, but it makes all the sense in the world now 
@jimmyfallon btw the barry gibb talk show was the greatest surprise ever last night 
@jimmyfallon Can I be your guest correspondent next year for E3?  Pretty please!?!?
@jimmyfallon Enjoying the show, Jimmy. Keep your geek side alive. 
@Jimmyfallon EVERYONE should lounge by the pool with a 6-pack of Bud Light &amp; a Subway sandwich! Preferably The CLUB!  SCarolina in da houz
@jimmyfallon Going to see them next month in Honolulu 
@jimmyfallon hey its abby cramer,your show rocks!!! 
@jimmyfallon Hey Man Congratulations On The Graduation Man You'r World Wide Popular In Philippines 
@jimmyfallon http://twitpic.com/6gxtm - follow me fallon!!!!!  iÂ´m a big big fan....and iÂ´m portuguese...just like obama dog eheheh 
@jimmyfallon I know they are awesome. 
@jimmyfallon I really, really hope @rebstew and I get to come see David Cook on your show Monday night!!!! 
@jimmyfallon im so totally watching your show right now. i love denise richards 
@jimmyfallon I'm watching ur show right now and you're getting better at this still not as good as conan but I have faith in you 
@jimmyfallon I've always been a fan! You're doing a fabulous job. 
@jimmyfallon keep up the good work! I love your show and the way you interact with people!  
@jimmyfallon nice farewell to jay. and great job pumpin up the runner up of the spelling beeeee! 
@jimmyfallon not supposed to but gonna drink an twitter anywho... 
@jimmyfallon Please incorporate the Running Man into every show! 
@jimmyfallon That GPS skit  last night was hilarious. I was lol'ing all over the place! 
@jimmyfallon THAT was hil-AIR-ious!  Loved Bess and Barbara too...  
@jimmyfallon twitipic? just kidding, don't need u turning into photog 
@jimmyfallon who isn't? 
@jimmyfallon you and justin long should probably do a movie together... hilarious 
@jimmyfallon you are doing an amazing job with the show, keep up the great work! you always make me laugh no matter what 
@jimmyfallon you sorta look like justin long 
@jimmyheartcore awwwww snaaaap Jimmaaayy.  You are the man with hookups.  Too bad I'm so far away!!  
@jimmyjacobson why not?   Sounds like she's got the general idea...
@JIMMYJAZZSL Thank You !! I can eat cheese again !!!  Carmine's calls
@jimmymarsh617 I was there in spirit Jimmy. Glad it went well 
@jimmymarsh617 these need to go up on itunes so I can download to my ipod!!!!! 
@jimmymarsh617 This track sounds like its gonna blow up all on its own!!  Support is there standard   xx
@JimmyMiz awww! ah yes, i know of these.  I should get some! they certainly would help with knowing who's martini glass is whose.
@JimmyNeedham Glory to God for giving you such talent!  * Keep on Keepin on...* LOL.  GOD BLESS!!! PTL!
@JimmyNeutronn Hey!! I saw u on the public timeline and thought u had a cool profile! Nice to meet you! 
@jimmypage1 Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets! 
@jimmyrobinson07 haha some do. Thats good 
@jimmyrocks Ha! I should have  Love the Simpsons!
@jimmyrwilliams  Thx for the follow Friday mention. It's my goal to tweet small biz items of interest. I see I've got your attention   #ff
@jimmysmithtrain Legs and Abs training today! Thats my day 
@jimmysmithtrain okay jimmy, you are not selling me on that one   have a great day.
@jimmytoriola What a greeting!  Im doing wonderful hon, and you?
@JimmyVo That last one was meant for you 
@Jimmyw23 @BackinBrag yay umm well he doesn't have to appear to quick 
@JimmyWayne You know, PC Beach is absolutely beautiful today and supposed to be all week. 
@jimmywhite09 Even better. Well you and i will become best friends tonight just for dat  lol
@jimmywhite09 Good - London afternoon, cloudy but who cares 
@jimmywhite09 Hey how u doin 
@jimmywhite09 I'm chillin B .. you better enjoy yourself! 
@jimmywim LOL that would be a first!  May leave some tissues out for people 
@jimmywim you've done this before 
@jimnduncan as long as it doesn't get in the way of page space/screen space, I don't care.    I just don't like distractions
@jimneusom Why thank you for the dating and money seo tip. 
@JimniKricket Another chance to showcase his personality...and the awesome voting skills of the Gokey Gang.  
@JimNorton i am on the west coast, so i still get to enjoy norton on letterman yeah,...and i'm DVRing it so i can show others your genius 
@jimorrison - I've seen fistfights break out at Union before when people get cut off... I just internalize 
@JimPap lol, eh you never know  i think theres a possible chance the #pens can win. im HOPING!
@JimPap ooooo if I can get there without paying a lot of money, then I will 
@jimparedes amen to this sir  thanks for reminding me to appreciate life 
@jimparedes Haha! The ROR made sense since Japs have a hard time pronouncing 'L'! 
@jimpick It's paid for. Compliments of #Oracle and #Amazon. 
@jimpick we were amused with how the iphone's camera can bend objects with fast panning 
@Jimpossible7 Happy birthday man 
@jimrhiz last reply  a scholar in US Homeland Security said an ontology was created for it &quot;and everybody hated it[s prescription].&quot;
@JimRoepcke wifi was very spotty and unreliable... and we were all so focused on what the speakers were saying anyway. 
@jimseybert Hey--what are you, some kind of writer?? 
@jimsharp That is such a scary idea. Hello stalkers! 
@jimsissy Nanowrimo? *sidles away* Never heard of it. 
@jimwalton thanks, honey, happy anniversary to you too! 19 years ... hard to believe since I'm only 25. 
@jimyaghi by the way... best thank you page EVAR!  &quot;Thanks dude&quot; - ROFLMAO 
@jimyvr @ptolemyalexande I think I will. Could be funny. 
@jimyvr HEY 
@jimyvr oh cool!  
@jimyvr YAY im an ALIEN  from GREECE
@jimyvr yes!  just let me run to the store to o buy some first! how long will it take you to get here?
@JimZconnected Glad to see you join the party on twitter 
@jinal_shah @media_reveries : You guys deserve it! 
@JinaPark That reminds me to listen Faust Arp &quot;For no real reason&quot; Yei 
@JingerH  (cont'd)Took it apart, put it back leaving out a couple of screw I don't know where they go, then kicked it &amp; cursed in French. 
@JINGTea Just looking at your photos...absolutely stunning! Looking forward to ordering some spring greens off you! 
@jinlif i bet!  You need to work with tweetdeck.. it's a little overwhelming at first, but allows you to manage tweets and conversations
@jinnah oh that's something you can work around... you don't HAVE to associate with EVERYONE... just imagine them in their underwear 
@jinnah She deserves it. 
@jinnah Spiders are AWESOME! Don't fear the spiders! They'll all be our masters one day, hehehe 
@Jinnnnny i got a mail from cyworld &quot;[ì‹¸ì?´ì›”ë“œ] íšŒì›?ê°€ìž…ì?„ ì¶•í•˜ë“œë¦½ë‹ˆë‹¤!â€?&quot; membership Congratulations? wee~ 
@jinnnx yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes....that's what i like to hear  
@JinnyBoy hey who's the dude who does the traffic report in the mornings? I love listening to him. Always look fwd to hearing him 
@JinnyBoy was just round the corner with ean eating japanese, could have joined you for ice cream... 
@jinnyfallon that would be like Jay Leno did. Sorry 
@jinseokeee COME TO THE SPAAAA.  lolol.
@Jintanut bahahahhahaha yeah she is the big brother of twitter  @aussie_ali we LOVE you xx
@Jintanut LOL!!! I was just wondering if @ladii_wallk had work cuz she sounded like she really missed being able 2 sleep thats all 
@Jintanut Yes #you rock as well....found it in trending topics search, just over there-------------------------------------&gt; &amp; down a bit 
@jinthemc what program or what did you use to type chinese? just out of curiosity.. and totally loved that chinglish u useds 
@jinxa it works both ways. am patit-o cu twitterfox  pune-ti destroy twitter
@JinxCat I'll gladly hear what anyone has to say. I just won't necessarily listen. 
@JinxCat lol. Well so long as you are having fun. 
@Jinxeh ... appropriately, &quot;Ooh, fancy,&quot; and he says, &quot;Yeah, it's pretty nifty.&quot; So I thought of your usage of 'nifty' and...yeah. 
@Jinxeh Thank you. 
@Jinxie_G  not sure how to add in to that. What's behind the thing anyway? #jinxiessecretdiary
@Jinxie_G @omewan thank you both.. I try 
@Jinxie_G enjoy your workout babe 
@Jinxie_G glad you finally got some sleep though.. 
@Jinxie_G GOOD!! Can you DM me your e-mail? I'll chitty-chat the finer details there, instead. At a later date, of course. 
@Jinxie_G I know your not a fan really... 
@Jinxie_G I still dig that kiss scene..  @clancy_d has style  
@Jinxie_G Stephenie Meyer is AZ. I dig that, anyway.  I'm sure there is tho. But you're right Cali has more. I need2 get there too! 
@Jinxie_G Wow thanks hon   I think I need to make t-shirts of that &quot;From Kung Fu to Kill Bill&quot; thing, those might sell lol
@jinxman a friend of mine plays golf. and when he visited us in portugal, he took his golf clubs with him XD so crazy 
@jinxman hm, not sure if I'm overdoing, I'm too lazy for this  maybe it's just being not too well trained and then doing unusual things..
@jinxman I dont like rabbit. I dont even like fish. Just shellfish or octopus. I love chicken 
@jinxman oh, I DID yoga. Outch.  if I do savasana now, I'm afraid to fall asleep again, will try the coffee-good words-hot shower-method.
@jinxman you would be suprised how lively is invisible space. Much more inteligence and power than within humans. It's social network 3.0 
@jinxOZ Make sure there are no cavemen around your lumber yard. That could get ugly. 
@Jinxx_  http://bit.ly/12bPal   yes, I am mean 
@Jinxx_ Still i dont see the down side lol 
@Jipthatsme Oh yeah! Nice song! 
@jisee waooooouuuu! bon app! 
@jisee yep merci 
@jisellex197 26th!!!  you?
@Jisforjanet i know i hope more people come on! i've been on since september 
@jishanvn cï¿½ ?ï¿½nh trï¿½ng khï¿½ng? ?ï¿½nh trï¿½ng thï¿½ cï¿½ ?i?n dï¿½ng c? thï¿½ng ch? lo m?t ?i?n 
@jishanvn hic, nhi?u vi?c quï¿½ ?ï¿½ mï¿½ 
@jishanvn I still use it for work, to handle pixel correctly 
@jitendra_ great  we were talking that for long time.. finally you guys did it 
@Jitendraapi It surely wasn't curiosity... last thing i'll be curious abt 
@jitensmail Again beautifulâ€¦ 
@jithesh_e_j: ps: just always use &quot;#!/bin/bash&quot; in head &amp; you're good to go!  should b fine all POSIX sys i think.
@JITOFBPE954 Next Week 
@jiutangyue thanks 
@JivaDeVoe @xennus My biggest use of text expander is the words I can never spell right 
@Jive_Epic follow us! 
@JiveMufasa Awww.... That's so sweet of you guy's!! I know seriously were excited for you guys to come down so we can party it up lol  ...
@JiveMufasa Lol make sure to let us know when you guys are coming so we can just pop up outta no where and visit ya lol  -Elisa
@jivetalkinmama Yeah, I only travel about 15% of the time now, which is pretty much the inverse of what it used to be.  Go internet! 
@jivinivan  no problem!  Loved having you here in Philly with us! Hope you weren't too traumatized by the whole &quot;scallop episode&quot;.   
@Jivot ? ??? ? ????? ?????, ????? ?? 6-? ? ??????? ? ?????, ?????? ? ????? ?????  ?????
@jiyongyong @paintsbynumbers thank youu!! 
@JizBSB award is going to have a clothing drive. so if you feel like cleaning out your closet i'll letcha know when she is doing it 
@jizzle830 lmfao. u are??? yayyyyyy thx 
@JJ_JordanJames ive got the perfect place in mind 
@jj123454321 At my dad's in CT  hmm. idk ? you shouldnt be.
@JJ26 Hope you have a lovely time JJ!  - I'm pretty sure you will.. Very jealous! x
@JJ650 I know he's not good for me... His new new tryna be my friend. LoL Boi would I love to choke the life out of her. 
@JJ9828 good moring Jessica!  Hope you have a wonderful day!  I gotta go check out your new thread on my commute.  
@JJ9828 Not quite JJ. I am here it's just that no one is talking to me!  How are you?? Hey shouldn't you b getting ready 2 cruise??
@JJ9828 taking care of you is the most important thing.  *hugs*  
@JJ9828 Yep he was! So was Cary Grant!! B still my heart!! 
@JJaceMom Haha...because my favorite ESPN writer is a Celtics fan! I want to read more columns!  
@jjamieee Are you still wearing the overalls? Maybe its that 
@jjan108 good morning sunshine! 
@JJaneBB follow me if you like to hear interesting stories 
@jjanika Thank You 
@jjarmoc Sounds like fun! Enjoy it! 
@jjarrel1 not being scholarly is a great feeling...trust me you won't miss it! 
@JJawbreakerr technically i didnt ignore you because i was taking this I.Q test while you were twitting about us ignoring you. 
@jjbalishhh i wanted to wait until you were asleep so i could wake you up 
@jjbalishhh im sure youll find it hun 
@jjEATSchildren youur so weird! and i miss you :p lets chill 
@jjensen  Bad Blood is absolutely one of my very fave X-File episodes!! 
@JJeventvibe seen all jay! They r awesome. One fav series of movies   http://myloc.me/I4t
@JJFanshawe: My parents are here 
@JJFeeney So how big ? 
@JJhitz ok thx.  have you received the fan pack bundle from AAM btw? 
@jjjjeah stare back 
@jjjuussttiinn i see you have gotten caught up in the craze also  roflrofl.
@jjkraal Thanks! Fotoreportage coming soon 
@JJLaBarbera come down &amp; see Land of the Lost with me. 
@JJLaBarbera nice to see I was missed though--I got about a thousand props to respond to 
@JJLess well how is that possible... you always wear the same thing?  see you in 3 weeks  so pumped
@JJLola ney How are you? This week Im really fullfullfull full  I don't know how will I handle all stuff.  you?
@JJLola Thanxx for following me 
@JJLola well, my bff is pretty  awh...your really sweet.:-p. how was your day?
@JJLuver756 hey. for the Vegas. Message me on YT. 
@jjmorin - my faith in you is still unshaken.    looking forward to seeing the new site
@jjoh Sounds like someone needs to get the Gmail Googles lab function...  Few things are more tempting than late-nite email flames
@jjohnson2  tell God to do that... we've been watered a lot lately 
@JJonasLover09 ha. before I could go to bed I had to join your site...so i did.  now...goodnight. haha.
@JJonasLover09 yeah  ..they are the best 
@jjprojects not sure if you can take a photo of Demi when she is bending over though 
@jjprojects Sometimes a company that you didn't even know was on Twitter comes along and fixes your complaint...quickly. 
@jjprojects was going to add that  I think Australia is already the worlds green tech innovator. That and acting ;)
@jjsanderson it's not a nightmare ALL the time 
@jjsemple I know 
@jjsevier read those last two tweets back to back without the context of whoever you were replying to. 
@jjsho77 I do love me some tree hugging  feel free to join me at anytime!
@jjsNYC  As a kid who grew up in North Dakota, I totally appreciate the prairie dog on your site! 
@jjstoner11 riding for a few years, i used to have so much fun , those were the days 
@jjustsurrender love your photo, babe. 
@jjx I'll find a reason to put you in there one of these days. 
@jk_bluesky &quot;I Wanna Go Back&quot;. One of my favorites. That and &quot;Take Me Home Tonight&quot;.  Good luck today!
@jk_partygirl We're big kids, for sure! What's life without laughter?!?   
@jkanarek you all are me and the tamz next time!!  I wanna see Karen's skills too!
@jkane08 thanks for the tip. it worked 
@jkarban Thanks 
@jkarpp815 if you go on the boat today...I'm coming 
@jkasmith @JunebugDancing @ChuckJr @sbarnette Admit it. Even with your Peppers fun you're jealous I ate Fazoli's 4 supper, aren't you? 
@JKatieMarks; Dad is worried about Ethiopia 
@jkatt007 Saw it cuz UP! was sold out but the usheree (female) lol gave me free 3D glasses. Yay! Awesome that U had a good day 
@jkbrwn sounds like my afternoon  but have you jumped in?
@JKDW4ever OMG!! those were great!!! I freakin die when I see that huge ass grin on D's face. LOVE IT!!! Thanks 
@jkdwjmdwjk  LMAO.... So you didnt take a DD or what?? I have about two of those for tonight  lol
@JKeith1982 and I are off too spend the day with Mr and Mrs Jarley 
@JKeith1982 Lol no this was at our old house. We WISH we got confidential faxes at News24 
@jkell88 you might be interested in following this guy @csiriano 
@jkerrstevens happy anniversary. well... nearly 
@jkewilliams  I think it's ok...just going to leave for hubs..he's the handyman..awww...she's to little to outgrow the cot. 
@jkeyes get out of it 
@jkeyes Thanks for the follow, right back at ya 
@jkeyes Yes we have. 
@jkh2 you're welcome 
@jkhewett Watching the news now no new news. @cnn has been posting updates. 
@jkimlosangeles So far it's hip hop, pumping gas and driving through the hood a la Grand Theft Auto.  Wheee
@jking214 Can't help it girl... I've got a problem  I love the boys!
@JKissnHug The tradition has to stop 
@jkkc97 I'll work on that. 
@jkkc97 It's my alter ego of several years. Long story. 
@jklapka and right back at you!!   how's things?
@jkldesign Hehe, you little retweeter you. And what about your Sunday? How was it!? 
@jklopp great stuff, thank you 
@jkls Your Welcome 
@jknowtruth following 
@jkocurek  Thanks for the FF love!
@jkozuch not if I have anything to say about it! #squarespace 
@jkozuch 'Twas a pleasure! Glad I could shoulder some (pretty) propaganda on you as well 
@jkozuch You've seen me in your Twitter feed!  I think I've seen you live as well  No worries about staring, i was doing the same 
@jkphotography looking good! nice work. 
@jkretzmer A very happy birthday! I hope you have a wonderful day 
@JKs_Principessa Thanks!  You do too!
@jksbelle Doing okay.. got up late and then grabbed a relax on the couch for a bit before dinner.... I WILL shake this cough before 5*!! 
@jksbelle dont know how much i'll be around tomorrow night so wishing u SAFE TRAVELS now 
@jkscatena @theRemix @WhiteboardSell Yep. numbers say 40 of my 4000 followers are online now. Only 4 respond  1/1000 #onlinestats
@jkscatena worthy of a reblip. cheers  ? http://blip.fm/~3xc9c
@JKTJR  Either vest is hot.   And I agree about the noses on the smiley faces.
@jktweet Hi! Just saw your Stanford talk and really liked your advice. Just saying Hi from Singapore (yes the videos do get around)
@jktweet why limit your story to 140 ch. Tell all what is annoying you at www.iamsoannoyed.com ,it will help relieve your stress 
@jkurls, your a nerd. 
@JKVEE no wayy dude! just noticed we live in the same place! la la land! we should hang sometime! teehee 
@JL_Anderson *Grin*  Another addicted fan!    I even got my hubby to eat it and he's not a &quot;health food&quot; eater.  It's pricey though, bleh.
@JL_Pagano More people to spread accountability on I suppose... 
@jl4l happy 9 months  I love you!
@jlake9 crack head. 
@Jlasmommie u can take me for my bday  lmao
@jlaw3com I don't have energy, I'm just insane. 
@jlawson428 or maybe it was Zoro!  
@jlbbb143 heh, Thanks but I'm building a 1972 Blazer w/limo style seating. Not actually looking for a limo lol  And yes it's convertible.
@jlbooth Wow! Yes you did!  I'm going to school for elementary education...one day I'll have a really cool job too :-D
@jlc16074 I sent you another idea. 
@jlcollins use that neti pot!! 
@jlcurtis3 Thanks for your perceptive comments on grp blog-we look forward to when u have time to post for us 
@jldlin waitaminwaitamin. YOU know the dance! 
@jlee_ Oh, new avatar! Nice surprise  Perhaps this elephant should be skulked around for a bit, even tho it's in the middle of the room?
@jlee_ OHHHH and I messed with it &amp; the picture quality is better, I'm going to upload 'The Frail/The Wretched' from the soundcheck soon 
@jlee07 Thanks for the following and support!!!   &lt;3
@jlee07 thanks for the push  *big hugs*
@JLeebug Oh, cool 
@Jleighe8 It was great! 
@jlh_photo So what changed your mind? If you can explain in 140 characters! 
@jlh_photo you refer to Mogan Open? you know my family better than I  There are a few aged among them. Not sure who wins the title though
@JLHaynes GOOD! thanks for listenin to it!  how r u ??
@jlind well, let's agree that I don't speak to look good... 
@jlionheart nothing personal ;)  you were on my list of 'worthy adversaries' so i clicked away.  truly sorry 
@jlionheart so how was your day? 
@jlipschultz - No worries. @JesseHachey - In search of a new picture too. A one that has a more corporate look and setting 
@jlist @jlist I have my order  Lets cook some Kittys cakes  http://yfrog.com/5in3rnj Yes i did it http://yfrog.com/75odzj
@jliuzzo I am always happy to #FF you. 
@jlkoctober Hey Joni 
@jlkoctober nope! Im taking the pic... 
@jlmoore08 What happen  that sh.. had you wavy?
@JLMousseau he was actually running around over my shoes getting his morning x-r-zize while I was taking that.  He's my lil' buddy
@jlneveloff CONGRATS on graduating college! 
@jlocalled Good thing I have a PC! Thanks! 
@jlocalled Yep 
@jloganolson zapamy@gmail.com 
@jlogelin doesn't surprise me, he always seemed like a hat and cane kind of guy 
@jlovesjonas Hahahah  I love how you think it's the coolest thing ever....when I'm just like &quot;yupp. that's my name&quot; hahaha.
@jlovesjonas I'll make sure to show them 
@JLP7589 I am much much much much better  Thank you for asking! *hug* Now I'm just drained from playing the best fucking show ever! 
@jlpsu straight from either one of their mouths  open to it. no problem with it.
@jlrussell I realized that this year too  Hope you had a good one anyway!
@jls_18 no, the ï¿½120 ones  Bot got them for ï¿½80 
@JLSForLifee yeah  i used to love blue :L x
@JLSForLifee yeah they're on about 7ish ! nah blue are closing the show  xx
@JLSOfficial  - cant wait till your single comes out  xxx
@JLSOfficial ... but i could barely speak! He was probably thinking 'who is the weirdo?' LOOOOL. Say sorry to him for me please?  x &lt;3
@JLSOfficial amazinggg video guyss i cant stop watching it lool. Hope you are all well. See you sundayyy  love you allllll xxxxxxx
@JLSOfficial aww lol there is moree sun to come  keep smiling 
@JLSOfficial beat again to be number one wohooooooooooo 
@JLSOfficial can't beat a cup of tea haha  love youuu marvvv &lt;3 xxx
@JLSOfficial i love the new song guys 
@JLSOfficial Its all about the nando's baabyyy ! ;) haa  Ohh and deffo sweet popcorn... hate salted  xxx
@JLSOfficial Loved ur interview on radio 1, u guys r sooo funny and kind  LoveYou green, blue, yellow nd red &lt;3 MWAH X X X X
@JLSOfficial Marvin  The album will be worth missing out on the sun for! I did some sunbathing! It was great! LOL! What was the pic of?
@JLSOfficial morning  ooo what u shoooting for ;)? have i told u that i love u marv? x
@JLSOfficial no it didnt  X
@JLSOfficial Nope no twit pic ..Aw missed out on the sun..Oh well its all for a good cause..Cant wait for the album  x
@JLSOfficial oh god , the radio yesterday...wow :O !! this has to be one of the best weeks soo farr  a tour..omg in febuary..ahhhhh ! xxxx
@JLSOfficial OMG! I Love ur new single iim always listenin 2 it, Cnt wait till the Album drops  xx
@jlsprang - Lisa &amp; I saw Crowder live at Westover a few months ago. We really enjoyed it 
@jlwf yes, thanks @ginamchen for boosting me up to 5 
@jlynn242001 mira tu..adonde tu esta? I was in ya neck of the woods today 
@JLynnPro o0o0o0ooo What'cha got planned for the weekend? I'm going to Santa Cruz on Saturday! 
@jm_anderson Hi, you have any questions aboiut Brownbook, please just ask, always ready to help 
@jm2012 haha dude i have 11 followers woot! 
@jm302music Hey Joel, thanks  it's great you are on here!  Happy Saturday!
@JM315 good morning mrs. carter! I checked yesterday and it said it would be 73 but who knows. im wearing jeans and bringing shorts. lol 
@jmabbott3 i think it was you &amp; your mom, but she was doing all the screaming  lmao you just cried
@JMAC777 i like how you real mature bout it. nd they not ya average abc rhymes 
@jmacdonald can't remember why following you  Yes travelx shite. Why Buying Bulgarian money upfront? Don't you get 10x on street anymore?
@jmacmullin You never know what a location might provide unless you go down there. The only place you won't find a story is in a newsroom 
@jmacofearth no, but i'm related to captain charlie buckmaster 
@Jmadams03  congratulations 
@jmahn13 Congrats on graduating! You look awesome  And lawyer-esque!
@jmalk around Scandinavia / Lapland 
@jmalonzo LOL. Not really.  Still stubbornly unconditional when it comes to men.
@jmancini77 Was reading your blog entry on Enterprise 2.0 blog this morning.   Hope to meet you later in month at http://www.e2conf.com/
@jManock lmao, their hairnets!!! hahahahaha I won't plug anything. This is the most ridiculous twit convo ever. I love it tho 
@jmarie7481 ahahahahha. crackn ourselves up here. can drive a truck thru ariana's nostrils. and owen should've just takn steph away! 
@jmarie7481 And I love you too. See, our marriage will be perfect 
@jmarie7481 No! You can't blame me. I saw the sale yesterday but was too nice to tell you. Okay actually I was going to tell you tonight! 
@JMarie823  Well said 
@jmark93 That must be why I liked it.   I AM a Star Wars fan!
@JMarkyBB haha UT is a state in the United States. Its Utah. But @rabbie303 figured it out for me also.  Thanks 
@JMarkyBB On the Bold Mark, still struggling to get a grip of it but it's a gr8 machine 
@JMarkyBB yeah ill let you know when it can be download (dont think its your kinda thing but thanks anyway) 
@jmarnold is seesmic a coffee house? 
@jmarrapodi LOL! Perhaps, but a tongue-twisting title sure does make people wonder, eh? 
@jmarthaler I've decided your hiatus is stupid. 
@jmaryfletch glad you had a fab time, I'm going weekend after next 
@JMatthewFlyzik haha sorry but I will Never stop loving my iPhone 
@JMatthewFlyzik http://twitpic.com/6dv96 - alex is such a hottie face  seriously :L but i stil thik zack is a major babe  and jack,  ...
@JMatthewFlyzik http://twitpic.com/6e4u9 - Oh my god! That is adorable. hahaha 
@JMatthewFlyzik http://twitpic.com/6qdid - Radness.  I want to get a tat like yours, Matt. Yours have the Mickey ears! ;)
@JMatyas people say that is lucky.... but i think people can suck it. so, yeah fuck your life 
@jmauricio Thanks 
@jmaxxz sssshhhhh....I run both at work 
@jmayoriginals I can't function w/out my morning coffee. . .  Good for you for &quot;surviving&quot; that long w/out it?  
@jmays716 Wow, what a tragedy! Funny picture, though. Hope your day gets better from now on. 
@jmazo3 lol... bcuz that's what they are good for! 
@jmazz It's kind of fun, actually 
@jmbeas not sure, skills matter uploaded those. anyway, you have direct links on my site so you don't need to search 
@JMBrooks17 wasup brooks  you still talking to dwight howard  he gotta show up big tomorrow for the  magic to get to the finals 
@jmbuckingham Good morning, Jeanne, and happy mother's day! 
@jmbuckingham me also! 
@jmbuckingham Not me. I'm as pure as the snow. But I drifted. 
@jmbuckingham What a nice thought!  Happy morning, Jeanne!
@jmbuckingham yes, most definitely 
@jmcclure Haven't-- sure it was covered in mus history classes, but I was kind of blown away by the shawms so I was probably distracted. 
@jmcosmetics darn, missed this..will have to catch ya next time 
@jmcrae47  try 7 feet. 
@JMe9ka writing up an automation script to run a bunch of circuit simulations  remember PSPICE? woo hooo!!! I need sleep 
@jmecss85 I'm so excited you're a twitter fan!! Can't wait to drink with you again soon girly 
@jmelch lol you are awesome 
@jmeserve @SunflowerBoutiq @everydaydrinker @acangiano @elliotschimel thanks - Amazon back now. That was scary 
@jmestepa I don't even know what to think about that for your song of the night! 
@jmettraux congratulations  wish you the best
@jmicastellon i can just imagine those shirts out in tiangges!! 
@jmiddlin cupcake camp?  sounds like fun!!  
@jmigneault omg, that's crazy for the photos. Oh wait, I was an eyewitness for 2 of the events. 
@JMIKE3 U no that little prob with ur twitter that happen @ that old pep resteraunt! mayb this will help u fix it 
@JMikeyMike Hey Mike, just want to double check..is the Charice guesting on the Today Show still on? Thanks. 
@jmiller112 my husband used to like G4. Now he likes what I like, I said. 
@jmilles Just joined http://buffalotweetup.com - thanks for the info 
@jmilles Yeah, I guess you're right. 
@jminsc76 Oh, and Carl remembered that you came in to Wally's. Thanks for letting him know I sent you. Got 10% off my Zoetzuur 
@jmintouch33 sorry i missed ur call ... i was at soccer .. we won 1-0  yay .. i played alright .. anth came to watch me play 
@Jmitch04 really??? Awesome! Tanks 
@jmk Bryant between 3rd &amp; 4th. @jamesjyu and I are discussing the Foursquare implications. 
I hit up that special and ordered a sound bar from woot.com. 
I honestly don't mind that @Wookie_man doesn't/can't cook... I love my own cooking  *satisfied.grin*
I honestly hate what I have said to some ppl sometimes. sorry for makin an ass of myself to anyone. 
I honestly thought my exam was tomorrow not this afternoon!! Panicking now!! Argh!! Good luck to the GCSE kids I saw this morning!! 
I hope @Airehhe is doing well in Hiiumaa and enjoying her new job. 
i hope @melissabeckett is having an incredible time away from all the drama 
I hope all Mom's had a happy day today! 
I hope all my shit I bought from eBay comes in tomorrow 
I hope all my wonderful friends out there have a wonderful Sunday!  Big Smiles 
i hope all of my dmb tweeps enjoy the rest of the show - sounds like a good one 
I hope all of the mommies had an excellent Mother's Day!  
I hope all the moms out there are having a Great Mother's Day.  I'm glad to be with the best mom today.    Love you mom!
I hope Ancelotti brings Kaka and Pato with him 
I hope Andre doesn't go bad tonight on Masterchef 
i hope chelsea wins 
I hope Chicago Zoo is what everyone says it is 
I hope Dave gets well soon 
i hope dream with u.. but first i have to sleep! goodnight everybody!  see u 2moro!
I hope everybody's being smart and staying safe 
I hope everyone had a great weekend! I will be here on and off today as I have 2 important meetings today 
I hope everyone has a blessed day! God bless,God is good! Thank him when you can.. 
I hope everyone has a good holiday! 
I hope everyone has fun at Brig's party tomorrow.  Renting movies and getting ice cream. Me and my sister are so much alike.
I hope everyone has tried out bing at least once today. It looks awesome!  
i hope everyone votes for the most amazing actress/singer everrrr in the MTV awards, i've DEFO voted, loads  @mileycyrus  I LOVE YOU !!!
I hope everything with Air France is alright, don't worry i'll still fly to Paris with Air France 
I hope I can find my 2 SM movie tickets so I can watch The Proposal &amp; Transformers soon. 
I hope I can get samsung amnia tommorrow.. 
I hope I can see BFMV and Marilyn Manson in concert 
I hope I get an invite to the GTAC 2009 
i hope i get that call tonite... 
I hope I passed my Civics exam.. =/ --- 17 days until my month long trip out of the country 
I hope i will find my rightful partner soon  Goodnight earth....sweet dreams!!
I hope im adopted, that way i won't have to be related to my brother!! 
I hope I'm doing something right. Had an influx of reviews on a 1 year old fan fic telling me they love my style of writing for HP. 
i hope it is warm i wanna wear shorts.  we shall see in a few minutes 
I hope it is.  
I hope it rains some more 
I hope it rains until next week. 
I hope it snows,,   quarintine is so fun,, i hav no school 
I hope it won't rain this evening. I've looked forward to this and think it will be great! with that company it has to be great! 
I hope it's not a long list!   @kennethmaxey
I hope my archufriend could come to the concert. I HOPE!! God bless him! 
I hope my care package is as amazing as the girl that will be receiving it, fingers and toes crossed xxxxxxx 
I hope my GuardianAngel jogg wit me this morning.. World/Universe/DivineSupreme giv me strengthhh!!! 
I hope my head doesn't explode.  Unless its with joy  
I hope my mom will let me eat tonight 
I hope my pops brings me back a starfish. 
I hope no one was attached to my super long hair. I cut off over 14 inches of it this week... 
I hope nobody wears the same ben sherman shirt as me today. Ill bring a backup shirt to be safe 
I hope paramore and twilight wins everything 
I hope so 
I hope that I can tomorrow morning wear my new jacket 
I hope that movie isn't a waist of time and money. I would totally go watch Star Trek again, can't wait for it to come out on DVD. 
i hope that the night will come soon to say...i a good day for science 
I hope the neighbours like my music!! ha! a bit of Flo Rida to wake them all up 
I hope the rugby fans can still get outside in the sunshine (I'm looking your way @drewb 
I hope the sun shines tomorrow.... 
I hope the weather stays nice this week 
I hope there'll be a sequel to the film &quot;Confessions of a Shopaholic&quot;. 
I hope they drop the trophy and break it 
i hope they're dating!  muhaha XD
I hope this summer is a good one.  Let's make it one!
I hope this time i dont mess up, i know ill always have more lessons to learn, but i think this time i have it right  &lt;33
I hope this works 
i hope this works! 
I hope thunder and lightening is on its way! 
I hope to see everyone @BuckheadChurch 2nite for the 6:00 PM service 
I hope u all have a wonderfull day  shout outs to all my fellow LAKER FANS!!! Ya'll ready to party? by the way. I LOVE ARIZA!!!  
I hope we win!  Julie, don't say anything!
I hope we're busy today. I want to go hit up VS again  I also hope Jessica isn't super late.
I hope wins the two awards that she is nominated for TEAM MILEY all the way!  
I hope you had a great day...the kids were super today 
I hope you had a Happy and Blessed Mother's Day! 
I hope you know i swear to god 
I hope you stay beautiful baby  On our way home and then a baby shower later.
I hope you're aware this ups my stalkability,@lyssaw &amp; @ccjensen. Look quick! It's coming down   http://twitpic.com/6h62c
i hsve a lovely lil circle blister on tha top of my left foot 
I hypothesis that, Guys who carry handkerchief are good guys 
I î€¢@PhillyGG  heh heh, glad you're laughing with me or I'm sure it would be unfollow Friday.
I instigated my mom taking her first ever shot today. hahahahahahahaha. 
I intend to live forever - so far, so good!!!!!!!... sleep time... 
I invested in GMR Infra and Dish TV. Placed orders for Sterlite and GVK Power. Expecting market to take a deep intra-day cut  Gud Nite
i is at laurens house waiting to go work then out mates after 
I is clean now  just got time to make a cuppa and have cig before apprentice starts
I is happy Probably going to see a movie again at Hunters!  Pretty funnnn week!
I is tireeddd. Stros spank some rangers booty tmrw 
i iz bored people ;D niteee  and i'm not fucking 20 years old. niteee 
I iz off to the Grand Final  now I need Leeds to actually get to the Grand Final xD
I jizzed all over shorty face! ( Lmaoo ) @MajorHarris I used it right??? 
I joined twitter 236 days ago - http://whendidyoujointwitter.com ? Huh, cool 
i joined twitter about month ago, my friends still favor facebook - y not both? Follow me &amp; i promise to follow u 
I jt found my best friend on here. 
I jus love #C&amp;H.. That kid is everythin tat i was not but always wanted to be as a kid.. I jus cant stop readin it.. 
I juss realized tht @Maria7759 is updating more! Yay yay YAY for kim kardashian bootay! Hahaha 
I Just  watched &quot;GHosts of girlfriends Past&quot;...The movie was 0k, entertaining Enough 
I just @replied myself 
I just added 2 new wallpapers: Dwight Howard and Marcin Gortat ; and Courtney Lee Widescreen - http://www.basketwallpapers.com 
i just almost fell off my bed lmao 
i just apologize to the people ive been really jerky to latelyy. ilove RLK AND TBS 
I just applied for 5 different jobs at the fair. I better get one. haha. Maybe I will get to be the makeup artist. How freaking fun! 
i just arrived from music school entrance exams 
I just arrived in the office.. I am preparing myself for a very busy day, listening Debussy.... those songs always makes me feel better 
I just asked my sister if she liked adtr and she said &quot;their new album homesick is awesome! I love the first song!&quot; 
I just ate a 6 inch sweet onion chicken terryaki sub from subway.my of my it was delicious  I'm good for the n.. http://tinyurl.com/lj6r29
I just ate a delicious strawberry tart. 
I just ate an almost midnight snack of baby tomatoes, pepperoni and carrots and it was pretty much the best snack I've had in awhile. 
i just ate one whole small pan cheesy bites classic favorite, and now eat garlic bread again  still hungry! such a rubbery stomach :p
I just ate pasta..it wasn't that good, but hey at least I'm full now 
I just ate some of the pokemon mac'ncheese. It really is 8,000 times better than normal mac'n'cheese. 
i just ate the ice cream it was yummy!  a little happier
I just ate this skittttleee that I found on my bed  pwaha. I can't sleeep! Ohmy.
I just ate three chicken bacon deluxe burgers... Things that make you go mmm 
i just barfed a kitten. Drag Me To Hell was fucking beautiful.  Sam Raimi fucking owns.
I just beat everone at speed 
I just beat my cuz and bro in baseball 
i just became a fan of Kenneth Branagh on facebook 
I just blogged  Best Foot Forward http://bit.ly/13JLQv
I just blogged about &quot;How to become a sucessfull Etsy seller* http://www.kreativling.at/ Don't expect any magic, though 
I just booked the hotel for San Francisco, luckily this time only for 4 night though 
I JUST BOUGHT A BETA FISH WITH VERRVE!!  
I just bought a new DJ mixer: http://tinyurl.com/lflvso Oh maaaan, I feel like a kid all over again! 
i just bought a new ipod touch casing. hahaha loving greeeeeeen  oh and i loooove shopping!!! and eating dq is the best hahaha 
I just bought Dahmer Wicked Little Things and an A&amp;E doc on killers...todays a good day.  {s?w}
I just bought Gela Skin Tokio for my Bold. It looks great with white silicon case!! 
I just bought gossip girl 
i just bought hemp, beads, mousse, turquoise nail polish, and a picture frame. it's a good day. 
I just bought lots of groceries  So much vegetarian food...
I just bought over $100 worth of clothes at...American Eagle!  i love to shock you guys. Pictures coming soon!
i just bought reptar 
I just bought Routesy 2.0. Best 99 cents I've spent on an app. (via @BrendanM) Thanks! 
i just bought the sims 3! 
I just bought tickets to the concert of the JB. Never thought I'd wound up being so serious about that haha! Whatever, I'm gonna have fun 
I just build a PHP wrapper class for Bing's public API. I'm going to integrate it with my dev tools now... 
i just burnt my tongue on my dinner. and i was sneaking a taste test. serves me right. alos... TEACHERS STRIKE TOMORROW! no school 
I just came from my sister, Whtiney graduation. I so proud of her. She is going to college. You go girl. 
i just came from school. actually, this is our first day of class, and we'll be back on monday for the regular classes. 
i just came from tryin' exam, the result wont be bad i think, really happy 
I just came home from the mall with my brother, my dad and my aunt. I wasn't able to buy shoes though. We'd go back tomorrow. 
i just came out of my bed 
I just can't concentrate, I'm probably giving up and accepting that F tomorrow. At least I'd be enjoying myself today 
I just can't get enough of Sex and the City! Great Movie 
i just cant stop.. 
I just can't wait for the next harry potter movie and twilight saga movie   // cool http://gykd.net
I just can't wait to know who's gonna be my 5*0 follower 
i just cant wait to see it nfkids your the best lol 
I just caught a sneak peak of the New Moon trailor. Eek... 
I just caught the turtle and brought it to a stream! I'm such a good person! 
I just changed my account name to @megcastagna just so everyone knows. 
I just changed my calendar to &quot;June&quot; and was very pleased to see Johnny Ramone smiling 
i just changed my profile picture! It's me to the left and my bestiiiiie to the right 
I just changed the channel to see whats on HBO. And guess whats playing?  BABY MAMA 
I just checked mine and they aren't showing - links take awhile to come up 
I just checked online and it is indeed raining for the next 48 hours. L-O-V-E it!  I'm gonna sleep wonderfully.
I just cleaned my cubicle a few minutes ago. It smells like lemony poison. 
i just coached a bunch of little girls at netball...it was rewarding 
I just committed to prepare, buy and eat more local food at http://www.eatrealeatlocal.ca. #realfood REPOST THIS 
i just complained b/c someone else left a fast voice mail and then i left a fast voicemail for someone! shesh i need help 
i just created a word form not being able to talk today. its spifty. spiffy + nifty. 
i just cut up one of my many old sweaters that i don't use anymore into a cute cardigan. (= i'll wear it tmw. (=  geee i am creative. 
i JUST deleted a bunch of people off my myspace. im feelin very accomplished rt now haha...time to eat something 
i just deleted like a thousand people. if i x'd you and you wanna me to keep reading your tweets, let me know! i will gladly add you back 
i just did like 100000 jobros test on facebook 
I just did that &quot;What 90's Nickelodeon Cartoon Are You?&quot; quiz, I was Rocko's Modern Life 
I just did! WHOOP WHOOP!!! I'm going to watch in on Thursday, or Friday!     CAN'T WAIT!!! ARRRGGHHH!! xD
I just discovered a new band while looking for bands similar to Nox Arcana. And this band is simply named Arcana. 
I just discovered that we won't be using air conditioning this summer. I'm so excited!  Haha. I love the house being hot! And now the  ...
I just donate ï¿½1000 to charity! Its not to much but I Hope it works! 
I just don't feel like i'm getting anywhere with this. I feel like on the day of the exam my mind will go blank and then I'm truly fucked 
I just don't want to pay that much money!  Any ideas?
i just downloaded madd keri hilson 
I JUST DOWNLOADED Y FAV SONGS!!!!!!I FEEL GUD NOW....HECKS YEA 
I just drank 3 cups of coffee! I'm probably gonna have to poop soon. 
I just drank milk out of the carton. 
I just dumped my pop on the doctors office floor.. Shhh they'll never know  And I just found a sign that said no food or drink in wait ...
i just dyed my hair 
I just entered a contest to win free soap  http://bellissimasblog.blogspot.com/
I just epically married Jack Bauer!  http://tinyurl.com/l85pan
I just fell in love.  
I just fell off my bed 
i just figured id look in on the twitter world to see whats interesting. 
i JUST figured out that @yelyahwilliams twitter is hayley backwards. wow. blonde moment 
I just figured out that twitter sucks at mathematics. 
I'm getting my 5th tattoo today!!! I'll link to my fb pics later 
Im getting my daughter back tomorrow  I've missed her so much! She's been with Grandma &amp; Papa since thursday. I cant wait to hug her.
i'm getting my I See Stars, Our Last Night, &amp; In Fear And Faith Tickets wednesday!!!!! 
im getting my new phone today  that means i can finally call people! yayy! haha
Im Getting New Shutter Shades real soon! 
I'm getting off and going on to bed! Good night 
Im Getting Off Twitter So Follow Me, Add Me On Myspace www.myspace.com/harvardsgirl, Or Text Me 5154940386 
im getting ready for another day at school....But yesterday in baseball i hit a homerun 
I'm getting ready for my next DJ Event by testing my speakers to make sure they won't die on me again 
I'm getting ready to answer emails! Wish Starbucks was open this late 
Im getting ready to go up to LA. My lil sisters 18th birthday party is today. Big family party. Bringing the family along. 
im getting ready to leave for cedar point! 
I'm getting rid of all my old cool toys...paintball gun, mountain bike, motorcycle... trading it all in for family stuff. It's worth it.  
Im getting rid of you  At lastt 
I'm getting Sammy cuddles  (Doesn't happen very often) There's even purring.
I'm getting sick of this exam kinda thing. Well, that's life 
I just finally cleared up my Wave inbox. It is pretty hard these days. 
I just finish my exam 
I just finished a new song! Run Away With Me. I'll make a Vlog for it so you can hear it  i'm very happy
I just finished arranging the mix CD for Jordan. Now its time to work on Hershlay's. 
I just finished checking my messages on imeem.  Right now, I have to eat and after that watch my fave series on TV.  Be back in a while!  
I just finished cleaning the kitchen and living room, blarg... now its clean.  So now I'm going to relax for a bit and watch the Birdcage.
I just finished dinner and ice cream ... Home soon.  call or txt me.
I just finished following some people. Gah, I'm so tired. Goodnight Tweetpeople. 
I just finished my @mileycyrus @ladygaga @katyperry music video! WOOHOO!  haha. maybe i'll upload it tomorrow though. x|
I just finished my lunch break. It is so beautiful outside. I can't wait to get off work for the day! 
I just finished re-designing my Multiply site. Check it out, would 'ya?  http://missboga.multiply.com/
I just finished twilight! I'm so glad it's over. Haha.  I'm about to get ready. Family is coming over. Blah.
I just finished watching &quot;Twilight&quot; for the first time ;) cant wait to watch New Moon!! Im definetly buying New Moon the book  i
I just finnished my amazing Vanilla Bean Frapp made by my girl @kelliebritton! soooo good 
I JUST FIXED MY PRINTER!!!!! THANKS TO A VIDEO FROM HP!!!! YAY!!! 
I just fixed the internet on my computer and I feel smart 
I just fixed the shower. Who says I'm *just* an online marketing guy? I'm an online marketing *plumber* guy   #imaplumber
i just found 10 bucks 
I just found a load of badges from last years camp and holiday  Ah the memories. I think I'll go sew them on my camp blanket now...
i just found a peace of gum on my desk that was chewed to , i dont know whats up with that  ha
I just found a whole new way to tweet from my phone! Gotta love technology 
I just found an oatmeal cookie recipe which calls for rum  I googled 'healthy oatmeal cookie recipes' Go figure.
i just found money in my shorts pocket that i didn't know i had! yay! 
I just found my best of blue album.... Life is GOOD 
i just found out my auntie julie Knows julian !! he lives by her 
i just found out that Andy Richter is re-joining Conan for The Tonight Show...now I gotsta watch it fo sho  http://bit.ly/7UGZG
I just found out that i hate @kml1219 aka my roommate lmao asshole 
I just found out that i have a Mole on my Vagina. How Nice  Ahaha
I just found out that I'm definitely going to the Blink 182 concert in August. Sweeeeeet! 
I just found out that 'koffiekoeken' does not mean coffee cookies. 
I just found out that someone I went to school with is engaged! YAY! I'm so excited for her! 
i just found out the best news!  i think it was supposed to be a secret though
I just found out this morning; Computer Rangers is now a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner....not many small computer shops can say that! 
i just found out what #squarespace was  their is no way i will win tho xD
i just found outt I GET TO SEE the boys ( @jonasbrothers )  WHEN I'M IN NYC NEXT THURSDAY!!! AHHHHHHHH&lt;3 thank u godd morning america 
i just found 'the beastmaster' on netflix. i think you all know what i'll be doing tonight 
I just found the receipe for the Ramos Fizz.. I want to try it now. 
I just freakin owned Wendy at ninja. But she told me to say that she won sooo yah... I guess she won 
I just frosted a cake (awesomely.) 
I just gained a new sponsor - and I didn't harrass them to bits either 
i just gave advice that truly 'wowed' someone.. in a good way.. i feel really good about myself right now  love being able to help friends
I just gave my roommate a heart attack.... twice... but she's okay now.  
I just gave myself plastic surgery..in photoshop  Im looking good!!! lol
I just get back from school  the tests are pretty easy.. I hope I'll get a nice score.. I had a fun day with my friendsss 
I just get back up when organic knocks down... 
I just get up and I can't  wait to go out to lunch with you!! 
I just googled &quot;chibiwong&quot; and I never knew this before - but I am actually kinda famous on the Internet. 
I'm getting some work done after baby sitting my grandson all weekend. 
I'm getting something REALLY special for @DerrickJWyatt's birthday! 
I'm getting the hang of Twitter ...come on  xxxxx
I'm getting the LG Viewty 2moz, hopefully! 
I'm getting the sims 3 today! Omgggg I can't wait. 
I'm getting The Sims 3 today... finally!  x http://twurl.nl/i0cexm
i'm getting used to twitter now! 
I'm getting Val something cute for her 1st month 
I'm getting very philosofical lately...( oops I can't even spell it, but u know what I mean) 
im gettting ready to let go; let go of it all.. not look back; loose my balance; and fall.. I rather keep walking and staying focus; =/ 
I'm glad hair won! 
Im glad i can make sumone smile 
Im glad I didn't get The Sims 3. Apparently it blows. LOL I have EVERY sims 2. heehee. 
i'm glad i discovered you twitter. at least someone understands my random outbursts of pure intelligence.. 
I'm glad I only let myself nap for an hour this afternoon... maybe I'll get some good sleep tonight  Night, folks!
I'm glad I went to Relay For Life  It was a good day.
I'm glad I'm not the only non-morning person here. 
I'm glad it wed.. 1/2 way through the week. I get to go pick up The sims 3 tomorrow 
im glad it's only $105... 
I just googled myself 
I just got 3 feet away from a squirrel.  amazing.
I just got a date for Lane's Class of 2009's Graduation! 
I just got a job!  And I didn't even need my phone to do it! WOO! Still no phone. :[ But I got a job! 
I just got a new phone yay! Lol, tweet on friends 
I just got a new White case for my iPhone it's cool 
I just got an auto DM that made me smile. 1 in 10k  @WoWsource assumed I was playing WOW and missed his tweet
I just got an email in which someone referred to himself as a &quot;fan.&quot;  I MIGHT have freaked out a little bit.  In a good way.  Wow. 
I just got an iPod touch  going outside for a while
i just got back 4rm running... i feel good...  now imma JERK 2 finish my workout bcuz DANCING is the best...
I just got back from a run! 
I just got back from my aunt's house. 
I just got back from shopping before I go to Orlando, Florida on Monday!  
I just got back from the Airsoft War It was really fun 
i just got back from watching Up. It was cute &amp; sad &amp; funny 
I just got bedtime stories and am now watching it 
I just got Comcast to lower my bill AND increase my internet speed.  
I JUST GOT COVERED IN BREAD GOO AT BLAIR'S HOUSE...... IT WAS AWESOME!!! YEAST!!! 
Im glad my bf is alive. Though his copilot died and he got hit in his left arm. 
Im glad my mum loved her pressie and enjoyed her mothers day 
I'm glad our 2hr wait is finally over  -time to eat. Haa
I'm glad that I'm not going crazy over finals. 
I'm glad this day finally came 
i'm glad to be at lexi's watching movies with tea and delicious food 
i'm glad we did a good job 
I'm glad you guys agree with me.  Jimmy thinks I'm insane and wants me to take a knife to my extras...
i'm glad you know how i feel now @ErinGDahlin 
I'm glad you're loving the album.  @cpahl2000 @AnoukvdM
im gnna go out  see you in an hour, or two
Im God &amp; if you don't BELIEVE me... YOU'RE THE DEVIL &amp; I FORGIVE YOU!!! PeAcE, LoVe &amp; DiVeRCiTy!!! 
I'm God and if YOU don't BELIEVE me... YOU'RE THE DEVIL!!! NOW be gone with you Demon!  Drag me to Hell
IM GOIN 2 A.C. ON WEDNESDAY THAT SHULD B FUN!!I CAN'T WAIT 2 GO W/ MII BABY 
Im goin 2 try this smokeless cannabis inhaler 
Im goin home! Jus won r game again! The score was 13 to 47 lol so my team is 3 and 0 now  lov da lambs! Goin to take a nap! @Mimidncr96 dm
I'm goin to visit my horse in horse hospital! 
I just got done hanging out with my boyfiend 
I just got done talking to the most awesome guy in the world. He's one helluva boyfriend 
I just got done with about five hours of cleaning, now im relaxing drinking some tang and listening to tegan and sara 
i just got finished read The Garth Factor. it was awesome. love Garth Brooks!!! 
I just got followed by the NSW Police Twitter account! Luckily I had only just flushed all my virtual drugs down the cyber-toilet 
i just got home 
I just got home from a fun Lolita meet-up   Thanks to everyone who came!
I just got home from a party thing. Oda 12 years today 
i just got home from Iowa a couple hours ago. It was so much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Madison  
I just got home too 
I just got home, but I'll go out again. XD I'll go to Rya's bday 
I just got home.  i bought twiggies and a toothbrush that promises to make my teeth 60% cleaner. - http://tweet.sg
I just got home. I'm tired. =P Tonight was SOOO fun. LCBO paper bags, bacardi and coke. =P Nuff said.  Good night world! 
I just got in  I am so damn hott! SHITT ITS 1:15am!
I just got Kitty splattered.  I feel so loved. 
I just got me the iPod touch!!! woo hoo!  can't wait to get home and start using it :p
I just got my @jonasbrothers tickets in the mail today!! im soo excited to be in the front row!! 
im going at 12  or earlier still need to fix my things )
i'm going at espacesoleil 
im going away to Melipilla 
Im going back to London....I am so excited I figured out a way to live there again 
I'm going back to sleep, then maybe to the beach!  
I'm going crazy w/ the pics peeps! It won't last much longer...    
I'm going crazy.I'm over excited about my flight to London tomorrow.This will be my greatest birthday and I'll hope we'll see Chris 
im going downstairs, text/call 
I'm going for a shower ladies and gentlemen. Close your eyes, picture it ... I knew you'd enjoy that 
I'm going for a while now - we're off out for a few hours! C yah  - and thanks again for all the birthday wishes! 
I'm going home to be a bum, cause it's my birthday and i'll do what I want to 
I'm going home, to the place where I belong. 
I'm going into a spiritual stagnentation, its exploding my ego!. I now realise, i'm not all that great. and I'm ok with that. 
I'm going mimi now (zzzzzzz.... well about to read then fall asleep night night my twitzzz).....  muah
I'm going natural w. my hair. 
i'm going now !! had such a good week so far  bye twitterland x
I'm going now. Goodnight! When the New Moon trailer comes out (and it'll make its way to YouTube), DM me it! Please 
I'm going offline. Night for me tweets 
I'm going on a date with my hubby tonight!  Free tickets Go Bananas comedy club, maybe some drinks after.  Maybe he'll get lucky 
I just got my leavers do dress!!!! 
I just got my nose pierced!! I love it  And the sunshine makes me very happy today *smiles*
I just got my radio back, im so happy. FINALLY! 
I just got my Sennheiser HD280's!!! Freakin awesome. 
i just got my text  time to reply and get my kick ass sway sway baby ringtone. yeah im that shallow haha
i just got my ticket for monday 
I just got nudged! @The_JTness what should I update about? 
I just got off the phone w Crown Prince Pavlos of Greece...no seriously...nice guy too! 
I just got out of choir rehearsal ... what a blast? **K@B00M^^**   
i just got out of the shower. i'm all clean! 
i just got some food for the chipmonk that lives outside infront of my patio 
I'm going on HM The Movie at 1.15 p.m. 
I'm going on TOUR on Monday with TMG! Check out www.twilightmusicgirls.com for dates. 
Im going on youtube  hahaha, brooke thinks twitter is gay.i think shes just jealous.
I'm going out for brunch on this sunny Sunday morning 
I'm going out to sign up for yoga lessons ! 
I'm going out with fucked up university students! hope I'll get wasted and not hear their blurbs 
I'm going out with the girls for a little swim  Back home later ;) Xx
I'm going outside again. I'm textable and ringable (I have one of the funniest voices ever because of my throat) if anyone wants   byeee!
I'm going over texas/miami plans with Beckie  so excited.
I'm going so good without myspace, msn and stuff 
I'm going to a movie at my $2 theatre (Observe &amp; Report). It's been a few weeks...  Tomorrow night-MTV Movie Awards (&amp; NEW MOON preview)!!
Im going to a rave tomorrow to try to cheer myself up 
Im going to ateneo tomorrow! I cant wait! 
I'm going to attempt to sleep...gNitee everyone!! Xoxo 
I'm going to be counting down the hours till I get to be with my friends all day. 10 and 1/2. Oh, and Kody too 
i'm going to be in the kitchen ALLLLLL DAYYYYY. goodness! the things I do for this woman. 
I'm going to be in the same room as Matt Bellamy on the sixth of november.  Dublin better watch out eh fionnuala?
I'm going to be on the radio this a.m. doing readings with my friend.    Making sure to drink lots of coffee first to wake up.  
im going to be productive and read a book, breaking dawn i think its a good book 
I just got the worlds greatest head massage 
I just got to drive this!  520hp Lamborghini Gallardo SE 6-Speed manual.  http://twitpic.com/6axih
I just got to talk to Kyle on the phone!!!!!!!!!!      
I just got told I sound like Taylor Swift when I sing  happy much?
I just got tweet deck and I love it!! 
I just got twitter how exciting 
i just got twitter like 2 days ago and 21 people are already following me?lmao btw @mileycyrus im definitley voting for you  love you tehe
I just got up an hours ago and have to get ready now. See you all tonight! 
I just got up around 5 minutes ago. 
I just had a boring day.. but I was hangin' out with my bestiez &lt;3 so that's the main thing.  went shopping and found bday prezzi 4 my bro
I just had a great idea! Yayyy 
i just had a mini heart attack, i just saw a clip for weightless on mtv 
I just had a nice chat with Virgin Radio. 
I just had a nice conversation with my parents.  The sun is shining.  And I have my next salsa lesson in an hour.  Life is good.  
I just had a ton of good sushi. Love the 2x1 promos 
I just had an interview with country weekly (ill letch know what issue!) I'm about to do a million more interviews with CMT....   
I just had cinnamon ice cream. yummy. 
I'm going to be rather sad now and watch the last semi-final of Britain's Got Talent with my mum  now i can spell oops!!
I'm going to be rolling with @theblogrollers to BlogHer '09! SO excited!! Ok, gotta get ready to see &quot;UP&quot; It's gonna be SUCH a good day! 
i'm going to be running the official site for desiree brent.  Once I'm finished with the site. I'll pass on the link.
Im going to bed 
im going to bed byebye everyone  i hope dream with joe jonas ? haha but is impossible cuz' i never dream duuh
I'm going to bed I'm tired good night!  
I'm going to bed now. G'night world 
I'm going to bed now. I'll add up the score tomorrow. CANDYforever tried to give 1M votes for Ting Tings. Nice try 
I'm going to bed now. I'm tired and right now I just really want to dream. Pleasant dreams everybody! XOXO 
I'm going to bed soon for sum sleeps 
im going to bed! 
i'm going to bed! no school tomorrow! i am finally freeeee. 
I'm going to bed, before I die from panicking. http://bit.ly/16Qm3K  Vote for me? I quite fancy fame 
I'm going to bed, have a nice day while I snooze 
I'm going to bed.  Have a great night ya'll!  
im going to bed. got no sleep last night. so still tired 
i'm going to bed. have fun with the drunk ones.  see ya in the am!
I'm going to bed. See you tomorrow 
Im going to bed. Tomorrow is gonna be a brigther day  i hope so haha
I'm going to bed...night night!  
I'm going to bkk in 3 days' time! 
I'm going to break 7k on DeviantArt today. 
I just had one of those nights where I would've been content to never have end. 
I just had over 30 hummingbirds at my 2 feeders---note to self, get more feeders! 
i just had SO much fun teaching my first ESL class with Alex today!  
I just had some Aged Camembert with Waferthins... It was nice~    I'm now gonna brush me teeth and go off to the land of dreams... zzZ
I just had the best burrito eveeerr 
I just had the best chocolate covered strawberries ever 
i just had the best conversation of life. ;) and now i'm off to bed. goodnight twittfaces. 
I just had the best day with my Momma  Lunch at Rosa Mexicano and shopping at Atlantic Station! She's the best...
I just had the best psychic reading, from a client, while at work. Good stuff &amp; great advice!  
I just had the time of my life at the mitchel musso concert  it was amazing i got to meet him   
I just have a feeling that i'm going to have a really good dream, and i'm excited to finally go to bed since it's 2:37 in the morning. 
i just have a random feeling to go out and swim at a beach  ... guess why??
i just have to make it through this day...   
I just have to wake up smell the break-up fix my heart put on my make-up. And hes yet another mess i didnt plan.  
I just heard Back Aroiund and it was awesome . 
I just heard Elvis referred to as &quot;an alien sex monster lunatic with tourettes syndrome&quot;. Perfectly wonderful!! 
I just heard on V103 fm in Atlanta that some use twitter because they coulden't get thru to 911. HAPPY MONDAY TWITTERS 
I'm going to buy a pair of blue/green crocs sandels....happiness 
I'm going to celebrate earth day by seeing the earth movie   // cool http://gykd.net
Im going to con my fiance into putting together a jigsaw puzzle tonight lol.  Its cute full of birdies and butterflies 
I'm going to dinner @basiitalia tonight. 
I'm going to Disney World in a week  I'm exciteedd.
I'm going to do my homework... bye! 
im going to eat a bagel for breakfast today 
Im going to edit my videos from this week!!!  @chrishussey dudeee you should send me our slow ride videooo I got this really cool idea 
I'm going to enjoy this while I can. 
i'm going to finish seven pounds and after watch the last episode of how i met your mother 
i'm going to get a horizontal license. yay 
im going to get a whole lot of it 
I'm going to get hated on for saying this: BUT I THINK VISTA &gt; ALL OS (including you Mac lovers) Yes I love my vista, never had issues 
Im going to get ready to watch a movie and then to bed it is 
im going to get singing lessons though, once i get a job and can actually pay for them 
I'm going to go check out DJ Volt.   
im going to go have a shower 
i'm going to go out with my girls (kathi, jacky) in a few .. 
IM GOING TO GO SEE UP! IM SO EXCITED 
I'm going to hand in my last essay of the semester! 
I'm going to have a big fat fry up when matt wakes up. It might soak up all the vokda in my body 
im going to have a lot of fun 2day.... going 2 a fashion show with my auntie... !! 
I'm going to have a shower now~ seeya! 
I'm going to have breakfast... Bye! See you later!! (I hope it) 
I'm going to have to 86 kirstiealley......taking to much space on my home page!  Not that in to her!
im going to hawaii 
I'm going to IC!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm going to insult the bots until one of their human masters replies 
im going to italy in january!  www.emerico.com
im going to Jimmy's....yippeeee 
i'm going to join a gym when i get back from florida. for realsies. 
I'm going to kamrt to buy a pair of those fake wannabe converse, to rip up for saturday. 
Im going to keep this updated as of today  Fun timesss!!!
I'm going to Kid Cudi's concert!!! I think. Haha thx to @rickya  hopefully it aint sold out!
I'm going to kill the next person that says the word ROBLOX... I hate it! It's raining, it's pouring... 
I just heard the most romantic words ever................ 
I just heard this on a commercial and I googled it  Now I can't stop listening to it!! â™« http://blip.fm/~7snsy
I just held my breath for a minute and four seconds.  josh beat me by a few.
I just helped an old lady  i am so proud of myself. 
I JUST HIT 400 youtube subscribers. wow thanks you guys! 
I just hit my 100 updates! this will be 101 
i just hope i could sleep before dawn.. 
i just hope my mother comes along with me 
I just ignored the shit out of nick, Hahah  @killrachel
I just installed and configured Oracle 10g.  Damn, I'm good.  
I just joined a web site and my face is on the front page  AWESOME!!!
i just joined http://plinky.com it's pretty cool and very twitter-like but it doesn't beat it 
I just joined my first ever Battle over at BOTB, vote for me okay guys? 
I just joined twitter and I'm trying to figure out how it works  
I just joined twitter but im logging off now.....lates! 
I just joined twitter! 
i just joined TWITTER. 
I just joined Twitter.  Still learning how to use it 
I just joined twitter... I don't really know what to do here... 
I'm going to lay down and uhh.. sleep!  DMs go to the phone, or text. I'll leave the door unlocked. G'night.
Im going to learn how to surf... .Hopefully soon   
im going to learning php more as this go on 
i'm going to leave first. gonna go UNLI later so teext mee. 
Im going to listen to fun music,Ineed feelgood music to listen to!help me out? 
I'm going to log off Twhirl for a while so that I can go make some caps of Enemy at the Gate and Whispers. See you all in a bit 
I'm going to look after my gran now, she's just out of hospital and I'll be staying overnight 
I'm going to look for a sleeping bag tomorrow. Then I'll be all set for snow camping next weekend! 
I'm going to look like a girl tomorrow. At least my heels will comfort me. 
i'm going to look like crap all day because i feel like it.  getting ready to leave for cheer camp on monday morning. yayyyy....?!
im going to luck be back soon 
im going to make cookies, cause thats one thing i really love....oatmeal raisin cookies... yummmmy 
I'm going to make it a great evening. You do the same, ok 
im going to me cousin's house 
im going to meet my boyfriend soon  he's coming back to jakarta 2days later!
I'm going to miss all of your tweets tweeple! I'll also definitely miss tweetin'! So I'll just make the most of twitter right now. 
I'm going to miss Jay Leno! I love him! He will be missed as we're laying in bed skimming the channels @ night but will not be 4gotten. 
I just kinda died and woke up again. 
i just laughed SO much watching all time low videos 
I just learned of fitday.com and it is great!!! I got wwighted in and lost 33 lbs on my 2nd month check up  !!!!!!
I just learned that Im good at negotiating and selling 
I just lectured a spammer 
I just left Katy. We had lots of fun, and topped off lunch with maggie moos  now it's time to work.
Im going to my brothershighschool graduation 
im going to my friend, bye 
im going to need an ark from all this rain. 
I'm going to open up PROVERBS and get as much wisdom as possible-I'm hungry! 
I'm going to pass out now. Night! 
Im going to Pizza express  
I'm going to play Audition! Woohoo, 
I'm going to play super NO-FRIEND-O for awhile....AKA Super Nintendo...LOL 
i'm going to publish its preface. 
I'm going to rename my blog but I don't know what to change it to any ideas? 
I'm going to resist temptation &amp; read the epic fanfic TOMORROW. XD Now, I'll watch my brand-new Avatar DVD   *happy dance*
Im going to rock at Guitar Hero today 
I'm going to San Francisco... See you... 
i'm going to school now.. -runs off before misses the bus- 
I'm going to see &quot;17 Again&quot; again... with Kelly... haha then over to Hill's house for the premiere of JONAS!!!  what a great day!
I'm going to see a movie: ''The Break-up''. With Jennifer Aniston 
IM GOING TO SEE BLINK  LUCKY 500!!
I'M GOING TO SEE BLINK 182 IN HERSHEYYYYY! ahhh thank you boyfriend! 
i'm going to see iCarly.com  !!!! bye
I'm going to see Land of the Lost tonight with Ryan!!! and I'm all drugged up on ibprophen and Dayquil. 
I'm going to see Monsters vs. Aliens today and probably watch House later. Hugh Laurieeeee 
I'm going to see No Doubt tomorrow hooray! 
Im going to see Taylor Swift 
I'm going to see the hangover tonight then again on Friday cause I have a date 
i just lost the game... and now so have you!  x
I just love &quot;The Way You Move&quot; by OutKast.Good thing my seat mate is napping and missing my seat dancing 
i just love all my twitter buds  You kno who you are 
I Just Love Being This Happy! 
i just LOVE editing.when i have nothing else to do, it saves me from boredom. lol! 
i just love google chatting with my teacher at 2:00 a.m. just got the confirmation on that &quot;A&quot; i love Kojima! hahah 
I just Love how over 3/4 of the music on my iPod is mums 80's and that I'm getting up at 5am to do my history 
I just love Jesse McCartney. 
i just love john mayer's music! :] you are my inspiration for the month 
I just love long weekends!! Especially with this weather  Everything's back to &quot;normal&quot; again now though...
I just love movie nights with Richie!  We are watching Click!
I just love one tree hill![One tree hill marathon] 
I just love staying up late  I wish I'd get to do this again at our house. It's illegal there, sleeping late. *shrugs*
I just love the Harry Potter series.
I just love the outdoors when it's night time 
I just love the picture in the booklet in which Joe stares at that horse as if he was saying &quot;I love you, you're much better&quot;or something 
I just love twitter some peoples post ups are hilarious  thanks for making me laugh people
I just love you @realvicky. Everything's gonna be great! 
I just made a batch of raw chocolates ~ now I'm just awaiting their completion!  
i just made a bowl of cheerios one handed. and i'm in an annoyingly good mood. 
I just made a cake... somebody wants a piece? 
I just made a crepe with ice cream and berries, trent loved it 
I just made a date with the sister missionaries to take them to McDonalds on Sat. 
I just made a kissy face at Maddie and she stuck her cheek out so I could kiss it. I love my kitty. 
I just made a milkshake with apples,oranges,bananas, cherrys, kiwi and pineapple with the new turbomixer 
I'm going to see Wicked today!!! I'm so excited. I love live theater. 
I'M GOING TO SEEE JONAS BROTHERS!!!!!!!!!!WOOOHOOOO!!!!! Shout out to Katie and Rebecca ( no not myself)  c u's at the concert girls! hehe
im going to set up the phone-twitter thing! 
im going to shoot her from a helicopter. 
im going to sleeeeep! last day of the semester tomorrow, maddd excited!!! 
Im going to sleep  im so tired and I just want to rest,,goodnight see Ya tomorrow
I'm going to sleep before my head explodes. Have had a nice day but totally shattered. Good night twits 
im going to sleep, gn twitter &lt;3 and to the people that are just waking up, gm 
I'm going to sleep, niteynite twitters. Have a nice dream 
I'm going to sleep. I'm still sore from Friday's bootcamp and I'm looking forward to going back tmro. Good night, my tweets. 
I'm going to sleep.It's midnight and I'm really tired!Goodnight to all  &lt;3
I'm going to Spain!!! With @Ellolisoss and @Erlendaustad  Sooo exited! &lt;3
im going to spend all day studying math 
I'm going to spend today at the pool  Nothing better than laying in the sun with a good book...well there is but I'll take this today 
I'm going to Sri Lanka. Back in 10 days 
I'm going to start a blog about the progress on my house on LJ. 
I'm going to start posting these #bizzareholidays every day. Today is apparently Smile Power day. 
I just made a twitter because Jessica Craig made me... 
i just made a yummie bowl of pho for myself which was my dinner!!!  
I just made and ate the most amazing stickydate pudding in the world.. not to brag or anything 
I just made brownies... My lover @josejj is going to love me 
i just made my own tea  but now i feel sick... oops LMAO.
i just made persian rice and it was delicious! i'm so proud of myself  trader joe's cookbook is the greatest
I just made the best Alfredo sauce ever!! Ooh and yummy salmon too 
i just made the best turtle ice cream pie everrrrr  btw, happy (soon to be) mothers day!
I just madeeee it toooo Disney Land!!!! 
i JUST mailed out all my easter cards, but i'm ok with it, cuz now i'm the guy that will bring unexpected smiles to peoples faces  
I just managed to get rid of about 50GB junk from one of the HDDs  Meanwhileï¿½ queued 'Documents' folder for upload to Amazon S3.
I just met @NathanFillion, he's such a classy guy! 
i just miss my bed. i missed sleeping the whole day. i just missed everything that was normal 
i just need to be aneroxic first to pull that off 
I just need to point out that, - I am miss fabulous hair. And I thank god for it  http://tumblr.com/xmo1me8f2 http://twurl.nl/duqsa5
i just need to survive the day and then i get a night with my girls 
I just noticed I have 280 followers .... I realise some are spam, but even so 
I just noticed I have 422 followers on Twitter...I think at least 350 are trying to sell me something...that's fine...just stand in line 
I just noticed that &quot;yawn&quot; is a pretty cool word  Yawn yawn yawn yaaaawn 
I just noticed that I use a lot of smiley faces when I talk.  lmfao
I just noticed that part of my last update didn't actually make to much sense! so i apologise for the misunderstanding       
I just now realized that one main reason I hate my job AND why coworkers may not like me stems from how they don't get sarcasm. Oh well! 
I just opened a twitter account 
I just ordered a dozen gardening catalogs for browsing and planning this winter. Also, it's fun to put in my new address! 
I just ordered a year's supply of MyChelle cleansers online. I'm a sucker for the whole Free shipping promo 
I just ordered an of Montreal cd and a matt pond pa LP w/digital download from Polyvinyl  all under $20
i just paid for a couple of tomatoes at the farmers market and the guy gave me 3 more free! nice people make my day 
I just played and won my first game of Solitaire ever and Im really excited--is that sad? 
I just played sims with my friends  Sims is fun again! Cause their are no problems anymore
I just pooped. O.o I feel like i lost 10 pounds!!!! now i can run to dfizzy's house ...i need some monsters 
I just posted a new blog entry with some exhilarating pictures of the snack room at the Phoenix Forum  http://tinyurl.com/cp8udh
I just posted on my blog 
I just posted Ryan's Who Am I.  http://thesillyshepherd.onsugar.com
I just published my first AudioBoo. I linked it to Twitter so it should link itself here in a bit. 
I just puked 
I just purchased 12 issues of #GroovyMag tonight. Let's hope it's good. I can't wait to start reading them now.. 
I just put in my dad's sim card in my phone.. and the sim is already 3G active and when I browse its.. 3.5G .. Craaaaaazy 
i just put up a background.. &quot;You are only limited by your own fears and inaction.&quot; it has shawn johnson on it too  i made it myself. 
I just pwned my cousin Jessie by mixing chocolate syrup with her spaghetti sauce.  I owned you Jess!
I just quitted @iAmTarynItUp cause she kissed my cousin and tryin to get at my dude @agthekid . I need a girl twitter. will you be mine? 
Im going to take a bath ! , Yeeah tomorrow school but only in the afternoon cool 
I'm going to take a shower 
i'm going to take a shower, eat some dinner, then watch The Hills at 8 - followed by the MTV Movie Awards at 9! what a fun night 
I'm going to take my contacts out, and once I have annoying plastic-frame glasses on I'll want to go to bed (to get them off my face). 
I'm going to take pictures of all the cute dogs that come by my booth today for my sister 
I'm going to take the cricket fixtures in the paper to Harry when they come home - I think he'll like that  and a cup of tea
I'm going to the Apple store and screaming &quot;You did it! Congratulations! World's fastest browser! Great job, everybody!&quot; I love Elf 
I'm going to the aquarium today. I think that's pretty awesome. 
I'm going to the ATWT Luncheon next year!!!! 
I'm going to the beach today  waiting on a bus now
im going to the cinema today, watching a turkish movie  Oh noo scool starts tomorrow =(
I'm going to the Derby today to win some cash..... hopefully!! 
im going to the doctor this coming monday for a phyical oh goody! 
I'm going to the mall now, bye 
im going to the pool. 
I'm going to travel each state and meet the people I tweet. Need camera crew+sponsors LOL..(via @KiaMorganSmith)U have camera crew here!! 
i'm going to try and talk tyler into going to the zoooo.  it's the perfect day for it!
i'm going to try to drink nothing but water for the whole week...lets see how that goes! 
I'm going to tweet the 'real Kevin' to thank him for my $900 what a legend 
Im going to twit you guys tomorrow before i go to school.. And starting tomorrow im a sophomore student from immanuel school ..  LOVE YA
I'm going to vote officially for the first time today... 
i'm going to wash the bike today. I've got rain stains on this think and it sucks! might as well get those WWW's washed 
i'm going to watch conan tonight. 
im going to watch movies ALL NIGHT !   text me&lt;3
im going to watch neighbours!  laters. x
i'm going to watch One Tree Hill after the shower.. season 4 episode 3-4-5-6  OTH night!! 
I'm going to watch Pirates of Silicon Valley instead of read the book I have an essay for tomorrow, haha. Happy 100 tweet to me 
I'm going to watch Repo! the Genetic Opera. 
I'm going to watch Terminator Salvation later. After the movie, beer with my friends. 
i'm going to watch the @nightafterdark show again to remind me of how fun this weekend was and hopefully it'll make me feel better 
i just ran for half an hour around my neighborhood. i feel good and pumped now 
I just read &quot;kapitan Sino&quot; new book from Bob Ong, it was a great book. a true writer. it tackles our present situation.. Good job bob! 
I just read over apps for 12 finalist 4 the Beyond The Boroughs Scholarship. Got 6 more and have 2 narrow it down to the best 5 tonight!  
i just read the sweetest story in the entire world  love it http://bit.ly/118lGL
I just read throgh all my history notes! Why'd I have to write so many D: oh well! Finally done  ready for my SAT
I JUST realised its Friday, been thinking it was Thursday for the past hour, whoop 
i just realized how many That's What She Said jokes there are in JONAS &lt;3 
I just realized how much I like making emoticons.  
I just realized how much I say &quot;Please pray for me.&quot; I sound very selfish. I'm gonna pray for all of you.  God bless all of you! 
I just realized I am surrounded by many Geminis  Match ba ang Gemini and Scorpio? la lang I just get along with them..
I'm going to watch weeds in your room  @tmntmetalhead68
I'm going to work. So,I can't be on today. Maybe later afternoon. I'll try to update @selengomezph and @demiphilippines later  God Bless!
I'm going to yadi's 15 practice! 
Im going to yardsells in TN. 
I'm going to; eat-homework-tv-I don't know yet... 
I'm going twitting mad with updates today! Shopping, drinking and some grub in the sun today with Annie. Cheers!  c u all tonite 
I'm going, summer is heeeeeeeeeeeree 
I'm going...bye twitter world till later 
I'm goingggggg, back later  Bigg cuddles + kisses. Hope you all enjoy the rest of your afternoon!! xxxxxxx
I'm goinn to school roght now  Gonna Miss Evrbd &lt; 3 Come back home - 4p.m.
I'm gone off line for today, but in real life just  bye
i'm gonna be a good kid and i'm going to bed really early tonight 
I'm gonna be a virgin this summer!! 
im gonna be buying Adam Lambert's album whenever it comes out  and of course Allison Iraheta's album too 
Im gonna be chilling out today.   sun shining skies blue . I love it xx
i'm gonna be gutted if mcfly play new songs at the forest gigs D: unless they announce thetford  mmmm
I'm gonna be in and out a bit today... I will be checking in often, but please feel free to chat amongst yourselves, too  #twintuesday
Im gonna be in Manila from June 2-13! See you at J23 or Serendra! 
I'm gonna breathe slow.. count from 1 - 10 with my eyes closed. 
I'm gonna buy The Sounds new CD tomorrow 
im gonna check if his got twitter fingers crossed 
im gonna cry watching hedi and spencer get married  mhmmm
I'm gonna cuddle with my dog and play Donkey Kong. My life is pathetic 
I'm gonna do a twitterspree! ask me anything and I'll reply 
I'm gonna do surfing! YAY!  In Kuta Beach of course .  That's why i luv BALI so much...
i'm gonna eat a lot this whole day.. yum yum!!!! 
I'm gonna fall asleep listening to music now. Later peeps. 
I'm gonna fill my status up with the word JONAS before I go to sleep so... GOODNIGHT AND GOODBYE! 
I'm Gonna Find Another You-John Mayer 
I'm gonna finish watching tough love and then go to bed. Goodnight everyone!! 
I'm gonna fry some plaintain bananas now YUMMY 
i'm gonna get $85 by selling my old textbooks online! 
I'm gonna get hooked on this....thanks Albert!!! 
i'm gonna get my laptop fixed REAL soon! wheee  *happy*
I'm gonna go &quot;all play and no work&quot; in my room now. 
I'm gonna go a whole school day without twitter tomorrow starting when I wake up. Gonna turn my whole app off  WHO THINKS I CAN DO IT??
im gonna go cuddle all night  with my woman
I'm gonna go eat breakfast now, and then I'm off to Hanne's house. We're going to the city with Camilla, Yasemin &amp; Ine. whii  &lt;3
Im gonna go smoke. I bet everyone was just sitting on the edges of their seats 2 get that info  Im a moron, yeah, its out in the open lol
I'm gonna go take a shower. 
I just realized I drink ALOT of coffee for all the wrong reasons.....it keeps me wired though! 
I just realized I have a huge celebrity crush on Jimmy Fallon... *siiighhh* 
i just realized my birthday is on friday yayyyyyy finally turning 16 
I just realized that I aspire to be a cross between Neil Gaiman, Felicia Day, and Lady Gaga.  Is there something wrong with me?  
I just realized that I really enjoy being home alone. 
I just realized that I'm enjoying my life right now. What will be will be. 
I just realized that since I'm using identi.ca, my blog is dying a slow, sad death. Ah well... I haven't got much to say anyways. 
I just realized the new fan installed above my head is actually taking it's power from UPS. so it's on even without electricity cool 
I just realized why they are called the doobie brothers!!! thanks to charlotte. 
I just realized, it's three months until my 18th birthday! Should probably start thinking about what I'm gonna do. 
I just realized, my fingernails looks good in red esp when typing 
I just realized...if all goes well...I can have my certificate in Graphic Design within a year or two!!! 
I just relized; Owl City's music warms my heart. 
I just remember that I havent eaten anything today, but its 6pm. 
I just remembered how much I love Every Avenue, and how much I miss Jei being embarrassed because Dave was working @ AE and she was dust. 
I just remembered that I have no reason to get out of bed until toys &quot;R&quot; us @ 10pm tonight. Ticket sales went really well in the end 
im gonna go to bed but i want to know what movie, i bet its shooter, tell me tom what it is night 
I'm gonna go to bed now and get up between 11 a.m and 1 p.m tomorrow  I love sleeping!
im gonna go to bed. snuggle with my husby &amp; my princess. nighty night 
I'M GONNA GO WATCH MIGHTY MORPHIN POWER RANGERS !!!!! 
Im gonna going some street teams. Especially Vogue in the Movement 
im gonna have an early. dead tired. need to get some much needed sleep. night! 
I'm gonna have my first chemistry class tonight ! Sigh..But i'm quite eager to learn at tuition !  Hopefully i will understand better
I'm gonna hit the shower first, just to freshen up for another long editing session. be right back 
I'm gonna hurt you. I like you. What do you think of me?   NemoNemesis 
I'm gonna kick it tomorrow! I need to kick it HARD!! 
i'm gonna leave for the follies show. i can't wait to see my little buddies perform. 
I'm gonna look for a song and blog for a while; then I'm gonna hit the hay 
'i'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse' 
I'm gonna make something for my best friend  nothing special but it was carefully planned by me and Fiona 
im gonna make this work! just wait and see. 
I'm gonna mhead to bed now, my friends. I can't keep my eyes open. I'll probably wake up at 130 to say hi  night night sweet dreams!
im gonna miss Cam in New Moon... hes amazing. 
I'm gonna miss times like these 
I'm gonna need a rake to get this fuck knot outta my hair 
im gonna nighty nite in beddy bye land  horse town 2morrow finally!!!
i'm gonna post my makeup look of the day ALMOST everyday... good idea right? 
i'm gonna post up music when i'm done with exam so check out the blog. 
i'm gonna read Animal Farm (by G.Orwell) 
IM GONNA SEE UP PPLS YAY!!!!!!!!! looks funny cant wait 
I'm gonna sell my lady gaga mask from my &quot;poker face&quot; video on ebay.  would anyone be interested in buying it!? 
im gonna sit in da corner and listen so I dont lose no mo followers 
i'm gonna sleep now!!! bye tweeples!!! ILY all!!! 
I'm gonna sleep. Thank you for the follows. 
I just saved a frog from my dog (that rhymed ha). She likes to eat things. Lol  about to watch movies with the love of my life.  
I just saw a chimpmunk! Man I want one of those little critters! Haha   Who wants 2get me one??! :p
I just saw a commercial 4 carabbas &quot;the johnny&quot; &amp; now that's ALL I wnt! That steak was AMAZING! btw nick bring me dressing 
i just saw a goat running down the road. it feels good to be back in iowa 
I just saw a vidoe of my little (future) nephew! He is adorable...like all Mauluccis 
I just saw Dolly Parton at the Country Music Hall of Fame. She was signing autographs and we were allowed to take pictures of her. 
I just saw I'll be speaking at KulenDayz, Croatia http://is.gd/RPHd topic: jQuery 
I just saw Miley and Billy on the red carpet  Live TV rocks, or live pc ;p
I just saw on this depends commercial &quot;women rule the world n men r just here 4 the company&quot; I can feel that 
i just saw taylorswift13 fearless tour on dateline. absolutly fell in love with it  i'm literally playing it on repeat, haha.
I just saw the coolest wee cloud, looked like a cartoon whale 
i just saw the hannah montana movie (last night (may 1st) it was AMAZING  i can't wait to watch it again 
i just saw the new hannah montana spoiler  OMG, miley and jake kissed  haha
I just saw the new HP trailer! I'm so excited for it.  there'll be more of @TomFelton in it! Can't wait. 
I just saw the new Star Trek movie&amp;it was funny  Space:The final frontier.These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise, blabla..Vviuum
I just saw the screening for my cartoon &quot;Da' Jammies&quot; wow the world of animation will never be the same BAAAABAAA!!!!! 
I just saw the trailer for New Moon...I am counting down the dayyyyyyys! I love it when Jacob phases into the wolf!!!!!!!!!! 
I just saw this middle-aged asian woman with a t-shirt that said 'failblog.org' WIN 
I just saw Up! It was very cute. Getting my face painted now 
i just say good afternoon to everyone hope you have a great day so far 
I just scheduled an appointment to get my license! 
i just scrubbed and cleaned about 40 cake pans. now i just have to figure out how to store them! 
I just send 2 of the recorded songs to joanna  listening coldplay. And arranging some giggs that I planned at the same moment -_-
I just sent in my Application to http:www.vampirecovens.wordpress.com !  I sent it in by email. My email is gabriellecolisiti@hotmail.com
I just set them up to knock them down. 
I just shop at coles, hope the next winner will be us 
i just show off every body my dance at the graduation celebration, they like it, though i FAT! 
I just signed a RED NDA, but it wasn't colored RED, WTH, where is their sense of humore 
I just signed some tits! 
I just signed up for a year's membership with the South &amp; West Wales Wildlife Trust   http://www.welshwildlife.org/
i just slept for like 12 hours. it was nice.  haha
I just smoked a cigarette, thougt of @iiieF and heard an ambulance  (iiieF is learning nurse )
I just sold a $1000 worth of clothing to a Deadmau5 look-alike!? 
I just spent 15 hours with one of the coolest people I know 
I just spent 20 minutes digging in my attic for old school books. Finally found them, but, even better, James Dean photos and old cameras 
I just spent 8 bucks on ice cream for boys that don't like sweets...double the yum for me! 
I just spent ten minutes cooing to my dog. Much love for that magnificent beast of an animal. 
I just spent the day chillin' with the cutest boy ever. 
I just spent the past 3 hours washing and waxing my car and helping my dad wash his motorcycle. Sup at father daughter bonding! 
I just start following Sockington. 500,000 ppl. can't be fooled by a cat 
I just started a new Blog! Please check it out and let me know what you think, I love a lil criticism so bring it on!!  http://is.gd/OgB3
I just started following you! Newark is close...I love soy candles. I will check you out!  @YumYumCandle
I just started twitter and have no idea how to work this thing. 
i just stopped following 40 people! Just cause i follow to many.. 
I just talked to my sister for 2 solid hours. I just loooooove her! Plus I laughed so hard I almost passed out. Good times. 
I just taught my dad rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock! 
I just taught my daddyo how to text!  yaay go dad! lol
I just texted myself! Hope i got the right number. - nomi 
I just think about the many people I will employ and be taken care of 
I just threw up more bbq salmon than I should've. Then I threw up a big piece of chocolate cake.  Now, back to church.
I just tidyed my room  found 2 pairs of shoes  HAHA woop woop I want to see benjamin button has anyone seen it? Is it good?
I just told Ernest T. Bass that i was here with my girlfriend. 
I just took a few sleeping pills 
i just took an amazing nap.. i did not want to get up  lol..
I just translated the first one percent of &quot;Us Now&quot; into danish (for a presentation) - now you!  http://bit.ly/UnZ38
I just tried wake boarding and knee boarding in freezing cold nj ocean sans wetsuit and all I got was some bruised elbows. And a smile 
I just tripped going up the stairs! She wears electric boots, a mohair suit, You know i read it in a magazinee!!  -Elton John, B&amp;J
I just understand why some places are to be called &quot;home&quot; 
i just uploaded a lot of stupid old videos on Youtube from last year.. haha. check them out. my username: imgonnaeatyou2013   
I just used a tanning bed! It was so scary at first but I'm tanner. Deffinatly doing it again! 
i just wake up and plaayed a little bit guitar  flameco!!4life
I just walked home by myself, in a foreign country, and I'm only 13. I feel awesome right now! 
i just wanna dance. with @ecantor3 and @flallday and danielle 
i just wanna fly away...! 
i just wanna make all people smile because of me 
i just wanna say &quot;HELLO&quot; to all my new twitts/followers. feel free to get in contact with me, dnt be scard. 
i just wanna say a huge thankyou to amanda sixxersworld for just being the most amazing person ever. i love her she's a fantastic friend 
I just wanna say that FileZilla rocks! If you don't like it... install it again and try to adjust the settings. I like it 
I just wanna say that I used be addicted to webmd-- but my encyclopedia of moms on twitter is SO MUCH better  ((hugs))
i just wanna say-b+b cast, i love ya all and will miss you guys. thanks 4 a bomb show 
i just wanna...you knwo what 
i just want people to know that i;m still bored. Haha 
I just want to chill out today... A little cleaning and thats it!! Next sunday Gossip Girl Tour 
I just want to go home and cuddle up on my couch and fall asleep to jack and sally sing about there love for each other 
I just want to say 'hello, I'm  around' 
I just want to say that I heart #ontd. 
I just want to thank all of you for your congratulations!  I love my family! PS: Thanks dad for the min/min updates! Love you! MUAH :*
I just want to use your love tonight, i dont want to lose your love tonight. 
i just want you close 'cus you make me smile 
I just wanted to say Thanks for the Follow! I hope that you're having a good weekend. 
I Just wanted to see how twitter worked with my phone  now i know
I just was having some technical difuculties with my twitter, but know it's okay! 
I just washed mashed banana off my face. Have no idea if that shit's really good for the complexion, but hey, slimy fruity fun. 
i just watchd 2 movies at hoyts 2day ugh..but then again yay!! LOL 17 again was awesome but monster vs aliens was OK but cute and boring 
I just watched Angels and Demons yesterday! It was great! 
I just watched Driving Lessons. Rupert Grint is so cute! And British! He's great 
I just watched Evil Dead 4  Loved Drag Me To Hell!
i just watched glee online. i like it 
I just watched Penelope. It was pretty good, better than I expected, but I mostly had fun drooling over James McAvoy. 
I just watched the Mother Lover on SNL, it's really funny. 
I just watched the movie &quot;THE NOTEBOOK&quot; &amp; it was a good film 
I just watched the music video for &quot;You Belong With Me&quot; for the 100th time. Best. Song. EVER!!!!! Taylor Swift, U RAWK!!!! 
i just went out in the pouring rain and scrubbed my truck.. who needs hoses nowadays.. 
i just went through my very first checkpoint on atlantic 
i just went through my very first checkpoint on atlantic  im sad i have no followers on this thing =(
I just went to my first woman's ultimate practice! 
i just wish classes aren't gonna start soon..but the good news is its my bday tom. and im super excited.. 
I just wish our seminar will be on monday 
I just woke up  !!! i could have gotten up later but my sister made a lot of noise and woke me up T~T Still coughing...
I just woke up and want to watch paris' new bff, but mark insists on finishing up men vs wild. Reruns  God bless 'em.
i just woke up from a nap  just hanging out with James, Ann, &amp; Edward.
I just woke up from the long nap  .. good morning 
i just woke up, and juli was already back from taking her finals! 
i just woke up, it is wierd to wake up at 8am and feel your brain is working.. lOl 
I just woke up, so so so tired still! But mums making me breakfast  - I'm a greedy child
I just woke up,worst night of my life.D:,but atleast i stayed up all night on the phone with Kyle. 
I just woke up.  I'm doing my hair, eating cereal, getting ready and then going to school.  Only 3 days until the best night of my life. 
I just woke up. First major sleep-in of the summer 
I just woke up. I love being a senior and not having school anymore. 10 more days  :/
I just woke up..! Wooow slept a long time, now of to the gym 
I just woke up..this is pretty early for me. I usually get up at 10.. 
I just woke uppp :p And all I have to say is @thejennyrae @thelifeanddeth I have whole 2gether movie on my ipod, along with both cds 
i just won 15 bucks in poker 
i just won lunch at Baja fresh today for me and my company  yay free food!
I just wont be super fast at work like I used too  !
I just wrote a song and posted it on myspace  I'm sure if I record it...it will be a huge billboard hit :p
I just wrote another song, cool  now it's bed time, it's almost 4am Texas time, have to get up int he morning. Have a beautiful Sunday.
I jut got like 4 followers in the space of 30 seconds. Heyy 
I keep dropping tacks onto my bed...! 
I keep forgetting about my effin twitter...ayyyy LOL too mamy things  wadaaa world 
I keep forgetting that I have a twitter. Sorry I haven't updated in 3 days! AH! Anyway, 2 days until the Sims 3! New Sims vid uploading. 
I keep forgetting.... #wnbaopeningday !!! #wnbaopeningday !!! #wnbaopeningday !!! #wnbaopeningday #wnbaopeningday #wnbaopeningday 
i keep gorgetting to tweet but i will do it more now. i have been REALLY busy. 
i keep having to sneeze...but don't. popcorn's done. i always seem to spell &quot;done&quot; &quot;down&quot;....i'm-an-idiot  well, stupid is as stupid does.
I keep noticing all of the differences between Los Angeles and Vermont...not too many similarities though, ha-ha 
i keep on waiting, waiting on the world to change 
I keep seeing twitter commercials. Hahahaa.  I need to get home so i can do chores and laundry. Ughh.
I keep thinking it's Friday - last day of school for the kiddos.  Happy Wednesday! 
I keep waking up, lingering in bed for what seems like hours, then when I get out of bed it is 07:22 on the dot. Strange. Breakfast time! 
I kinda , got home right now . Been up since 6 , but the church thing was fun  i had to give the gifts of christ to the priest.. messed
I kinda have to pee.  We're about to go to destin in the rain to go shopping in am outdoor shopping mall, in the rain. Awesome! 
i kinda like having the house to myself! 
I kinda like the north london crowd  mission complete **RDJ ALL DAY**
I kinda love the song paparazzi. It reminds of me of myself. 
I kinda met &quot;saw&quot; paris hilton today on vacation 
i kinda wana go to the Hello Kitty thing next month! nt bcz i like it bt bcz i wana laugh at it and make fun of it!! 
I kinda want a nap... I eat food and want to sleep. It's a sickness!!  #food
i kinda want to go to bed... then the day can be done and tomorrow can come!  it rhymes. thats cool.
I kinda want to kill myself right now. I'm so freakin bored. I'll go write a letter for my one night boyfriend 
I kinda wish I had gone to denny's for some reason. Suuper tfw haha. &quot;Your connect is HOT!&quot; 
i kissed a girl and i liked it!!!  yes i am Bi ;)
I knew a thing that crashed, burned, and never came back. Don't ask for more 
I knew I could actually bowl lol Shoma's party was fun... he&lt;3 was there 
I knew I had to explain something to my friend when she said Star Trek had lightsabres in it.... 
I knew it was a good call to head home early. Perfect nap weather  http://plurk.com/p/y2c56
I KNEW IT! Welcome back, Rove, lol. Loved PeteSpace 
I KNEW IT!!! Oh Jacob Black... You're not very sneaky, are you? I had my suspicions early on, even in Twilight! This will be interesting! 
i knew it!!!! 
i knew it, nba finals lakers vs orlando! its gonna be a good matchup, cant wait!!!  *gets gear ready*
I knew that you were trouble but I just couldn't resist! 
I knew there was a reason I hated cars! 1. Too slow! 2. Too big! 3. I get car sick! 4. Motorbikes are much much much more fun!! 
I knew they would win. Beautiful boys. 
I knew things will reach its worst point b4 it got any better, now I'm content! 
I knew we'd get May Gray weather don't mind it at all. Good luck Dodgers, Happy Mother's Day Mom and to everyone who is a Mom. 
i knew you would 
I kno I haven't twittered in a min...been such a busy day and sttil gettin used to this twitterin each event...but I'm alive  layin i ...
I kno its late but OMFG I GOTZ ME A FOLLOWER  Now i'm not alone YAY btw who is drew seely?
I know @frodofied loves Tina Turner. I also know he's not gone to bed yet. So I'll send him a &quot;Private Dancer&quot;  â™« http://blip.fm/~7ha2x
I know @Sadie_marie. It text me. 
I know @Shi1010.  I know u would appreciate some good bbq 
i know a place where no1 goes, i no a place where no1 cries, cryin at all is not allowed, not in my castle on a cloud  xx
i know am a shopaholic...need some confession i guess 
i know eh jaymee  and i wasnt even on lol 
I know everything about the movie were watching, well the books too 
I know everything remember 
I know he didn't stand a chance at the end, poor looney. And yes, I feel much better today,  thanks  x
I know how to fix this - CONTEST!  #fb
I know I am rude and have issues.. unfollow me, stupid ass if its too much for u..only some of u would b missed and u not one of them. 
i know i can find someone that can give me what i want. 
i know i can get de best laterr 
I know i can't wait  * Tigerboy 
I know I don't do FF enough, and i should, I promise to do better next Friday! 
I know I have lots of emails to answer! I will be home tomorrow 
i know i loved the da vinci code too!!!
I know I really need a cup of green tea that will help me 
I know I said BBQ @maitais but I'm going northshore instead!! 
I know i said i was going to sleep but i cant sleep  so im reading magiziness
I know i should get some sleep in, i need to wake up early tomorrow. oh well fuck it, i dont care 
I know I want a few video games and some ska clothing and maybe a watch that predicts the weather 
i know i will regret it when i get my results.. but i really dont care anymore. party anyone? 
i know im a bit late...buuutttttt the dream's latest album has finally grown on me. I like it now, lol 
I know I'm a wuss. I don't handle the creepy crawlies well. 
i know im going to go shopping i need new shoes  
I know I'm late but thanks to all the one's who showed me love on Follow Fridays 
I know it makes you think that I live under a rock or sumthng but WHY DOES JUDD APATOW HATE JAY LENO? Replies are appreciated.. 
I know its a joke, but I spiritually agree  &quot;The Truth About Lisp&quot; http://secretgeek.net/lisp_truth.asp
I know it's all warm outside, but I'm cosied under a duvet and wouldn't want to be anywhere else 
I know its been a little minute since the last TWEET but I was basking OK  God is an awesome God n for brand new mercy I give him praise
i know its so basi but i love guy ritchie's piece! 
I know its too late but.... congratulations Nick Jonas!! You rock!! 
I know I've been very quiet but managed to blog today   http://tinyurl.com/l8rral
I know my sunshine did wonderful today  I had an alright day! Text me twitterers.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by concious behavior&quot; - Henry Thoreau    
I know people say that power naps are good for you all the time, but I kinda always miss the alarm 
I know people send @mileycyrus @replies all the time But I just want to say  @mileycyrus THANK U!!! 
i know she as a woman has acomplished so much more in life but the best thing in my eyes she ever did was give me my soulmate. love u nik 
I know so many amazing women!  So glad they're my friends!  
i know that everything, i know that everything, i know that everything, everything's gonna be fine 
I know that i cant get you to be my boyfriend beacuse your way up in the sky with the stars  but ill just keep dreamingme with you 
I know that I should go to the gym.  I know I should.  But I don't want to know .... 
I know that I use the word awesome WAY more than any other word in the dictionary...but today was AWESOME. 
I know that this kittie can be forward... but she means well 
I know that you LOVE me 
i know there are great comic strips about surveillence,  i just can't remember any of them 
I know this is random, - Iï¿½d pray for her  I hope our prayers are answereddennyphan: http://tumblr.com/xrj1vmz9g
I know this is the first warm Saturday of the year so far. Why? Seen several Tweets complaining about the glossy MBP screens outside 
I know this song is overrated butttt... What time is it? Summer timeeee!!! 
I know this was quite some time ago, but I am just watching them now haha. Theres nothing else on 
I know u from youtube.  awesome singer!!
I know what would make me really tired, put me to sleep and I would sleep good!  ...RICE!!! Lmao!
I know where I'd rather be...in Birmingham  haha
i know yall like the new wavy hair due, i got that perm kit from @canariecruz thannnx  i LOVE u 2 JAMMMMES.
i know you wanna tell me the cheats to sims 3  *&amp;&amp;X?
i know you want me 
i know you want me, you know i want cha. i know you want me, you know i want cha. 
i know you want me. You know i wanchu 
i know you want me. you know i want ya. haha.  partying with the songs in my ipod.
I know you were trouble,but I couldn't resist. 
I know, im excited 
i know..  
I know.. But lets pray about it.  cuz God is good to us so he might listen to our prayer! I will try to talk to ur dad tomorrow when h ...
I knoww i can't wait too go backk!  Tomorrow!
I KNOWWW  I'm fucking giddy because of it 
I kow that the song is old, but I realy like it; Haunted by Kelly Clarkson  It's absolutley the best song this week!!
I L??ve my new shoes 
i L0ve the rain. 
I laaab Mufasa's voiceee!! Earl Jones on Will&amp;Grace!!! 
i landed my first full twist tonight! 
I laugh when i see flat chested ten year olds or younger wearing bras (esp when the straps are hanging off) Haha. 
I lay my dreams at your feet. Tread lightly for you tread on my dreams 
I lean on the side of hopeful knowing full well that there is lag time with all econ. indicators. We're consumers, buying is what we do 
I learned a lot about adrenalin yesterday while trying rock climbing for the first time... 
I learned all about Normandy in social studies! i guess like happy honoring Normandy day everyone!! 
i learned how to shoot a 22 and a 9ml andgot it on my first try  ill post piccys xoxox
I learned how to skim board today! I may have to buy one now. Glad I go to school 7 minutes away from the beach. 
i learned how to speel BRIAN LOK'S NAME CORRECTLY!  it's not brain or bryan, it's BRIAN!  i think...
I learned PHP! YAHOO!  me so happy. 
I learned the other day that Ziad Baroud is also a fellow #YGL, doubly proud 
I learned three new solitaire games.  
I leave for Maine Friday!  Only a 4 day work week yay!!
I left Kurt at daycare center and Im ready to get wild 
i left my husband &amp; daughter in the bed this a.m....atleast 1 of us is being productive today  
I left my phone at home all day and felt naked! 9 texts, 6 missed calls. 4 VM. Im loved 
i let them know what they wanted to know! 
i lied, mr iTunes. i love you  xo.
i lied, this is gay 
I lied. Watching RW/RR Challenge. Then bed. 
I lied..great! 
I liekz guinea pigs, so cute! Greedy, lazy, but still cute...Might urinate, or do a number 2 on you...but still cute... 
I like &quot;(Do you get) excited?&quot; &quot;Real Sugar&quot; &quot;Soul Deep&quot; &quot;Neverending love (First version)&quot; and &quot;The look (First version)&quot; 
i like @iminlatrick he's rather entertaining.  lol
I like 2 play pool but m lousy in it. Nvr mind. Gng to practice more.   Cue cue here i come  =P  #fb
I like airports.  I can't fucking wait until friday! I want it to be friday right freakin now!
I like bands with awesome names that take me captive. Snow Patrol, The Fray, Vertical Horizon,etc. The list goes on. 
I like being able to see the mountains from my window 
I like being married.  Especially to my husband.  
I like Bing, search results are not bad. Although it does come close to Google  #bing #search engine #microsoft
I like Cheesecake Factory! Happy Mother's Day! 
I like Chicago. 
I like creative people - accountants &amp; lawyers handy too, but artists of all types are fun 
I like custard  its been an awesome weekend yaayyy
i like dat 'Wale Ft. Lady GaGa'...so much so dat i mite hav 2 rap on it 
I like days off 
I like demi's backround. Im gonna set it as mine 
i like Dinosaur Jr's Farm album cover http://i42.tinypic.com/2elgfpy.jpg ..check out the artist http://marqspusta.com/ ...i like his work 
i like doing research, so if you are in the music biz, please let me pick your brain. i will turn you into a zombie ant, if you're lucky. 
I like ezpressing myself and i would just also like to say that i would make a really good famous person and that i'm a camara whore! 
I like fingering myself while other people are around and have no clue what im doin   http://tinyurl.com/oc54f4 It's all me 
I like Finland's entry for the Eurovision Songfestival: http://bit.ly/8QbFa  
I like four hour shifts lol 
I like fun dip and cherry coke 
I like getting my picture taken 
i like GF's myspace comments for some reason lol, 4 days! 
I like girls who wear abercrombie and fitch. Yay for LFO!!! Very excited 
I like goin' to sleep at 3 everyday 
i like golden light. its as simple as that. if there's gonna be light, i prefer it of a golden tone. thats how it is 
i like google insights  http://www.google.com/insights/search/#
I like half days 
I like Harry Potter.
i like haveing friends especially my best friends!!  dey make me ROFL!!
I like him I really like him 
i like homemade general Tso's chicken. Thanks Joe 
I like how Bobby sang thomas' part in Look For Love 
i like how he talk more than 30 seconds to talk to fans 
I like how NetNewsWire automatically provides the URL on the clipboard when I click the Subscribe button -- saves me from hitting cmd-V. 
I like how racism is alive and well. If we are making Goku white lets make Superman Asian ok? Ok cool 
i like how Spy Master tells you who unfollows you 
I like how the cute boys are starting to go for the thicker girls ;] That's great for me  kikiboolovesyoo
I like how things eventually come full circle  I also like getting my own way ;D
I like how this guy next to me is willing to buy a computer JUST to look me up Myspace!! LOL!! 
I like it the best when Im sitting alone in the corner of my room 
i like it when @brocore kisses my butt in the morning 
i like it when everybody gets a twitter at the same time. we're all learning together 
i like it when everyone gets a chance to score - they should put Chelios in now 
i like it when people say @anneka13deleon !!!  thanks to those who talk tah meeeh! i like chatting alot  lol
i like it when you talk ass - so well keep it that way haha 
I like Kyu's outfit. He looks like a high school student-- FROM SPACE 
I like lots of things 
I like making friends with people who are building very cools things. One such person is @nathanchase who built http://flickchart.com 
i like meat   all of the world.
i like mission impossible.
i like Mission Impossible...
I like Monday's when I'm not working. 
I like my hair  I think it could have been a bit shorter. I would have LOVED THAT but I'll wait for a pro I don't trust myself THAT much
i like my mac more and more as i figure everything out 
I like my new background haha 
I like my new place better already  http://yfrog.com/02lhnj
I LIKE MY NEW PROFILE PICTURE ON FACEBOOK!!! I look shady, mean, rascal-like, rowdy-like in it!!  Mua ha ha ha ha ha
I like my t-shirt   http://twitpic.com/6bqah
I like people (for the most part...) but they sure are hard to deal with sometimes.  I prefer dogs and toddlers...for today at least  
I like presents neatly wrapped with crisp gift paper. Yes. 
I like reading Joel maddens &amp; Nicole Richie's posts...theyre sooo funny!! 
I like reeling in the years......it's a good programme!! 
I like seeing people smile.  
I like sleep... it's what keeps me pretty.  Sleeeeping!
I like smelling like this 
I like Solitaire in Win7, Now with Animations  outstanding /sorry
I like someone!!! It's been awhile! 
I like story time 
i like summer but i like winter too!  and now... it's chilly outside cause of the rain!
I like swearing at the cat because she doesn't know what I'm talking about =p silly fucker 
I like taking my dogs with me in the car when I run errands. They are always excited to go anywhere. like this morning to Krogers. 
i like talking like a british yoda whos an astronaut... 
I like talking to my brother  even though his phone calls always wake me up. Back to sleep!
I like talking to myself on twitter. It makes me laugh. 
I like tea! Then tonight... Pinky out... Going to the symphony for Beethoven: violin concerto with my daughter 
I like Techno!!! 
I like Ted Mosby. I am like Ted Mosby. I am Ted Mosby. 
i like terrabearable's smile - terrabearable: no problem  itâ€™s real cute. i want braces. no! you really... http://tumblr.com/x3g1z7fvn
i like that boom boom pow 
I like that man. He says okie-dokie 
I like that you like me  http://is.gd/KNQr
I like that you're always up late like me 
I like the &quot;C'maaaarn! You Can Dooo It!&quot; Arnie Jeep Cherokee ad 
I like the cover of my environmental science book  haha
I like the E3 dats tight! 
I like the idea of having a big family 
I like the Jonas, was great...but i think Sonny With A Chance is better 
I like the new 106.5 The Buzz! It brings flashbacks! It's kinda trippy how there's a 90's station now! &quot;Whoop! There it is!&quot; 
I like the new airports in Flight Control. Finally... 
